I disagree. As bad as the films might be, the Tyler Perrys of the world are giving them exactly what they crave. They're loyal.
That's always been my dream.
I think my aunt flo is coming to visit, I hope she comes tonight so that by prom I can have full pussy popping capability.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
My friend's dad and Steve Jobs both die on the same day... wow... :'(
ARIANA IS NOT BEAUTIFUL SHE IS BEYOND IT XD
Omg ive gotten alot of followers in the past couple days. Thanks so much guys it means alot :')
so guess who got a solo in invisible?
<U+FFFD>TheNoteboook When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long, no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.<U+FFFD>
I'm not a fan of energy drinks, but I do consume this organic adrenal energy tincture, I got it from whole foods. I need it tonight.
fine. thanks for clarifying. ..as I said, I empathize with your position
You too Denise =)
Second breakfasts!
watching #alcatraz of course!!!
Our Marketing Coordinator will be attending 2012 Summit in Las Vegas in June. Anyone else going? Let's tweet up!
wow i go on like every 5 days now...
The world does not need a resurgence of CS! DROP THE AWP!
If I had skipped the malingering testing, I would not have known I was being lied to today.
Secure future so I say this wit my college degree I can out huslet u niggas u just a artist niga
Parenting at it's finest
Big MONEY spender
Had a blast with Janiya!
Thanks for the RT. We're getting our tomatoes from various sources right now. Looking into more reliable source
WTF FACEBOOK?? IMHO Your new "upgrades" suck. Twitter take heed: don't OVERDO!!.
Practicing for our gig on the 28th... Portland, Maine here we come!
I choose both ... At the same time lol
Happy Mothers day
oh no!! Feel better!!
well since i've got no teaching to do anymore, my sked is a bit crazy. i might be getting something soon, though.
So excited for the new record! Thanks for taking the time to do your live chat just now! :) <U+2665>Mal
Ahh!! Did you guys see the crazy fight at the end of the Flyers vs. Penguins game!! Awesome!!!!!
Come to : Tech's Hot Trends - 3/20/12. Hear from
thanks beautiful :) I feel 20 I keep myself up
At the social fundraising presentation at #aam2012. George Eastman House presenting right now.
Fine by me, but viagra and oil subsidies cost a lot more than birth control pills. Women spend an average of $20 to $50. tsktsk
why are the billionaires better than average joe?--joe is average only because they have the money--joe makes them rich
I've been selling several fine violins. In my "spare time" I'm a violin teacher.
hey enjoyed listening to your latest interview with on the Jazz Session! Thank you for the inspiration!
have a good night sleep. God bless you. Bye
#thatakwardmomentwhen your parents are looking over your shoulder as you scroll through your facebook or twitter."
Northern Downpour
Summer is approaching fast, what do you during this time to prepare you for the fall school season?
Lifes a game were meant to lose but stick by me and i will stick by you
M soy sauce(;
..that would DEFINITELY depend on if you're talk'en sexual or emotional frustration, luv..feel me?
It's really Windy out there, I wonder how it will effect the game?? Let's Go ROCKIES....
followed back
Please refrain from yelling in the halls... Thanks
Yes! Bad by is playing on the radio right now! Just made my morning so much better=)
Peeps were bemoaning this grammar faux pas today @ work too. So don't even get me started on "boughten" ::shudder::
Show last night was EPIC, Thank you to all who came out and supported this great cause! we raised around 65 dollars!
I love Carmel cake.
you are dead killin nem holdin up that wall<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
WTF, where did the Flyers v Devils game go???
<U+266C> Paul Anka wrote Buddy Holly hit "It Doesn't Matter Anymore" He gave his composers royalty to Buddy's widow "it was the least I could do" <U+266C>
hey justin! My best friend( ) birthday is this Friday and I was just hoping you could please tweet her(cont)
Hey - thanks for the workout tip! Have you tried KoreFit?
Sleeping in his shirt tonight. Maybe itll help.
Welcome to KENTUCKY!
dont doubt it for a minute. Keep it up and next year will be the time of our lives
I love you Flynn!
why can't we retweet ourselves on twitter D:
I was just driving like a minute n a half straight lookin down at my phone I'm wildn
Music by Mark Nathan tonight at 7pm!
THAT WAS FUNNY! for the last competition she did a shoulder sit next me me and when I went up I purposely kicked her in the face
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart. - Buddha
Y are there so many high speed car chases in la?
Aww bears have all the fun.
sounds similar to Bullets being turned down by Juwan Howard, is $48 million an insult....
great seeing you all!!
you didn't get them?! We even sent over the giant ones. Hope LCC was great today! cc
When life throws you a curve ball...SWING with all your might!
Dosnt follow me and iv followed him for a while:\
Happy Monday! VLJ staff are feeling refreshed and ready to take on the week! What did you do this weekend?
Live jazz tonight @ Pete Miller's in Wheeling with The Shawn Maxwell Quintet featuring Rose Colella 8-12:30 petemillers.com
I'll have another just won the derby
beautiful child!!
...The culnary equivlant of the higgs-boson particle you say? Well obviously Bacon Infused Bread
what do you report about???? I'm not from Seattle but I know King5
Thanks for the RT, Nicole:)
These niggas need to throw in 2k
PLS post parade photos FB Twitter #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade. reconstruct entire parade. prizes for best photos
i never knew there was a following limit on twitter
RT for a #shoutout must b following!!
giiiirrrl...experience is a GR8 teacher!!
watchin beyond scared straight these officers scareing the shit out them lil kids high ass hell lmao
we will feed you and the other apples soon enough...we will keep u in mind when we're cruisin!
NBC hire this guy. Call of the night!! RT ": If Hal gill is pinching, he better be in the toilet. #stayathomedman."
Familiar burger and fries $8.99!
Can a layup get any easier than that?
Good morning everyone, for updates on shows & new music make sure you "LIKE" this fan page...Thank you for your support.
u right lol...
Draft grades are worthless for 2-3 years. You have to see production to know if you pass or fail at player evaluation.
“: "Without music, life is like the sky without stars, hearts without love, and people without dreams." -Matt Nicholas”
does a bear shit on the pope? Hell yes I am.
w/ 12 picks they would have ended up cutting multiple picks had they not traded. It was a luxury they could afford comfortably
rain, rain, stay. for a while. please. ?
hahah what you been up 2!?
Enjoy a refreshing Michelada with us tonight! Made with EKU Pils beer, lime juice, Worchestershire sauce, tabasco, salt + pepper
I couldn't find email 4 u on village site. I'm the sis of member I visited last Sun. Had ? 4 ya. I'll DM u tho
I don't understand you
I Cried When my cousin died.
I love comedy because he doesn't have to make disgusting jokes to be funny. Good night with good people tonight.
Checking in @ Tin Horn Flats....Bear Country in LA.
#CallMeMaybe is stuck in my head i can't stop singing it I just LOVE IT!!! :)
Tennis Racket Discount: Wilson US Open Junior Recreational Racket
thank you!!! Don't worry! Goodnight, thank you for everything!
I need some crawfish in my life
Went out for a "regular" night out with a girlfriend and it was boring and unproductive... realized I should just work more! Tomorrow is on!
its okay bum :* ilu anyways
I considered it, but I can't hear that word in my head without thinking of Marty McFly.
I got $1000 round abouts at the mid size universities I've worked with
what...this weather
what are you doing this weekend?!
just now finishing up da track dis shit gone be stupid crazy cuzo when dis finally drop
fasho... the culture been getting rapes
Completely agree. Best night I've had in a way long time. Legendary.
If you hate on something someone does, your just jealous you didn't do it yourself
ok sugar!
I've never heard thunder roll for so long before.
Check with us at Twelpforce for the skinny on the latest OS
Pinnacle Vodka recipe #1: 8 oz. Sugar Free Red Bull, 1 oz. Whipped Cream Vodka - not bad complement.
Who do you trust DR OZ or FDA? Dr OZ has a higher moral character than our Government, I'll go with him. Be safe buy organic apple juice.
So true!
nice to meet you. I grew up in Ohio--youngstown.
I mean *not* her win. Spencer was good. But she wasn't. And the film. Well, you know...
Happy Meat Lovers Wednesday! Come in our get 1lb of meat for only $8.99! Our gift to you for making half way through the week :)
This sucks. 4th and 1 is the Falcons kryptonite.
very long .
Hope everyone has a great first day/week back at school! Especially to the teachers, who have one of the most important jobs........
Wow. What a play - thought Denver was going to give it away for a minute.
I fink u freaky!
P.R.A.Y. = Praise, Repent, Ask, Yield.
There's a man grilling outside. If I bring him a 6-pack, he's socially obligated to give me a hamburger, right?
I'll try to conserve!
I don't care how shitty the weather is. I just had Cocoa Puffs for breakfast, so nothing can mess up my day right now
I hope im the Lucky girl , Christian Beadles Picks to go on a date with him ! <3 c: Please let it be me !
1hr 25mins! If I'm not on later that means I probably passed out on the floor.
What is it about Friday that makes you glad?
": .. Lol #lies"no dead ass where u u got the plates
full of smiles and sugar
My upstairs neighbors are crazy.
not at yardhouse any more
Pat oneil at rosamond witty wood projections
Hurt me with the truth, but never comfort me with a lie..I love this
Couldn't find the kessler. Was looking at the wrong shelf.
"Have you ever heard the phrase, 'I wrote the book on this?'"
My house is full of loud, annoying middle school girls.
Be strong. Always smile. Stay Strong Zayn . Love u so much :D <3
“: #exonerated” is it belt worthy?
Oprah reflects on first TV job in &quot;Note to Self&quot; - CBS News
My PNW coders, tech friends, Mobile App enthusiast mark your calendar for April 13-14 and join me at the AT&T Hackathon.
I may be the only guy in New York who didnt know the #Rangers have a theme song, but I sure am the only guy in this bar who doesnt know it
Trying to be the next Open Walls Baltimore?
S/O to and for getting the highest scores and making niu cheer again!
Excellent choices, but you're part of the staff so you don't qualify to win the I-Tunes card. We'll buy you some Schlitz instead. :)
then you know what to do yo! :)
I just can't shake this migraine!
Needless to say, not sure I agree entirely with the Ayers claim in the previous RT, but I get what he's driving at.
Oh, What a beautiful beginning of a holiday weekend! What are you doing this weekend? I know it will be full of fun adventures!
Sessions, BABBITT and McGee. I'd watch them lose. Lose, they would.
a Royale with Cheese?
this is going to sound so lame but it has actually been pretty good.
Glow in the Dark bowling! Was so much fun now starbucks with the gals :) !
If you can't decide between a Shepherd, a Setter or a Poodle, get them all ... adopt a mutt! ASPCA
Thats why German pancakes have bubbles! :)
You're 17. Its time to stop making prank calls at 5 AM and calling every 2 mins.
I would love to meet yall.
In other news, Ashton Griffin continues to save the world. Reporters say there is no telling when he will stop.
it so hot in my room !!
This entire metro car cleared out at Smithsonian. Its officially tourist season.
The weather forecast for my apartment today: High of 95 with a strong chance of fainting humans.
oh sorry bro
- I was totally cool with it. Once I saw that others were totally cool with it. :)
China has more English speaking people than the United States
That looks so good. :)
There's both mexican and asian restaurants at this terminal. Hoping that no one sitting next to me on this flight eats either.
Looking forward to meeting in a few mins. Interview coming soon to !
hahahaha I gotta use that one
On the plus side, it appears you got to make a trade with a time-traveler.
good morning I been so busy how is your morning
Everybody loses. It's the perfect storm.
This is my type of weather!
So many Tauruses!
Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, no dresscode
Awesome! Building a new teaching kitchen. Any interest in more data entry?? :)
I mean Roger.
honesty seems to get me into a lot of shit so maybe #lying is the answer.
Jay and silent Bob strike back.... classic
High school changes people. Some for the better, some for the worst. But if one thing is true; you find out who your real friends are.
#lessexcitingbandnames Adam and the Aunts
It's raining. I reads.
Is his mom okay with it? I wonder if she ever thought he should be
Dodge QT : Who's your favorite avenger? I can't pick...
i dm u
I could lay in the dark for hours and still be wide awake.
umm hes the shit who u like lil wayne? if so i feel bad for u
unfortunately, that's my motto
Not bad for DeJesus' first career PH homer.
Im On My Way Ovaa Deree.
thanks. i may try to pick it up again, skipping the exercises which stump me/take 2 much time, but fear loss of learning
Reaching students via mobile technology -fun fun fun
This traffic right now -___-
NEW grilling tools by chef'n are here!!!!!!!
Are STEM degrees from an unaccredited university more valuable than anthropology degrees from an accredited university?
We're setting up for our massive runway show for Chicago House's 25th annual benefit. Refresh often, as we bring you backstage coverage.
Learning the skill and try to build mineRT : How many of you are participating in PLNs - includes #lrnchat, of course?
S/o to for being an amazing best friend <3 i love you cella!!
Congrats to all my friends and family at HSBC in Salinas, California on your new journey as Capital One employees!
my mom said I'm on twitter to much to do something else an when I do something else I'm not doing that right either :\
If I was stuck on a desert island, I would want bananas, a guitar, and zayn from 1D
So, so happy for making the pro bowl. My favorite #PSU player of all time!
your blitzkrieg just never schnapps
Which is more pleasurable? Sometimes I find writing music "journalism" to be so much enjoyable. Less pressure, maybe?
Have you read #milliondollaragent yet? has some great stories to share...business info, too!
boyz singing, im drinking. happy sunday!
What's an ideal target number of folks to follow on Twitter? Should I aim to achieve a balance of following and followers?
we tell all students to #LeaveYourLegacy by having your voice heard on issues that effect your education.
Seeing tomorrow. Waited over 6 years to see/meet them. Hope I don't cry:p
had a dream last night I ran a half marathon in 1:42:35. In my dreams I'm fast
we hope to :) thnx for checkin us out! <3
off to New Orleans! smell ya' around!
if it wasn't for Monday, Sunday would be the best day EVER.
what is your predictions for the broncos vs chiefs game this sunday
well I THINK u should follow me. Just a thought. Haha
#LRT Yes, that commercial have me laughinn soo hard
Pop quiz: What do Stinging Nettles, Morels, and Sea Beans have in common?
SAT word of the day: sanguine (adj.) optimistic, cheery
I just told the truth in my answer! EVERY theatre actor who is out auditioning should be checking you out!
So unrecognizable are the Oakland players even to their fans; an MC Hammer bobblehead promotion.
target practice ! :D
Names make or brake you. Today's name: Princess Crump. i shit you not
Oh my, got a super late start to the day
Awks when mom doesn't change the channel.
Drive to the "sky train" and taking it to Vancouver B.C.
Knicks are a better team on paper than Miami
hey keith whats good
The voyage of discovery is not seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes-Marcel Proust
Wow! That was great. Did you know Summer Camp is looking to host a live art gallery? Send me a DM if you want some info!
Love it!
GOOD LUCK tonight cena your the man
no he's mr
Nicki minaj can shut up, YOU are the female weezy
Happy birthday to my wonderful mom!
Riding with a bitch, call her hot mouth Shelly
what about Cassie? A horse may not fit in my bags!
Please welcome my friend and colleague Taylor Kendal of to his first #sschat!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 59
The pastor asked to hold all tweets for15 minutes. He says that we cannot tweet JC. OK by me.
Do the fried pickles, they are to die for. As in, they might kill you, but they are worth it.
Order sent to Thomas in MI!
So If I can get 800 more followers I will have the same amount of people I'm following let's go
IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING BECAUSE I GOT HACKED! REFOLLOW ME AT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exercising blind faith...not looking, just stepping!
I'm not a bitch, you're just annoying as hell.
bump in notoriety! ": JUST realized who you guys were.was so freaked out thought abt get restraining order.."
Brittain denies Schmit on a breakaway.
Boss yo Life up!
I LOve you BIEBER HAPPY BIRTHDAY . YOU WERE AMAZING TODAY AT THE ELLEN SHOW. I JUST WISH THAT GIRL WAS ME ;) FOLLOW ME ? <3
#LifeWouldBeBetter If certain people were never in it.
Ok both of the commercials with the Victoria's Secret model were lame
long distance and hurtles
Tonights Fun = Putting together a barebones PC kit I bought off TigerDirect.com and drinking Hop Stoopid Ale.
Encouragement for the Day: #Dream the biggest dream you can think of & then make it a reality
i say we have it 2nd week in may whenever heather is off!!!
"Put the candle back," is what my 4yr old son is saying right now. Only seen movie once, last week. Young Frankenstein even impresses young
Welcome, and Washington's glad to have you!
Wake up at 6, register for next term, work my ass off until 10 am. Tonight / this morning's plan.
can i have both of u
is in the library
#Thankful for the opportunity today to speak Marquette University High School.
I am shooting a short in weho all day and then off to a cd workshop at reel pros tonight! Have a great day everyone!!!
snow patrol, but I'm actually here to see Ed Sheeran. ;)
hahaha...fair enough. Thanks man!
Clarion hotels have paper thin walls. I really want to go back to sleep...
Life sometimes gives you lemons so you make the worlds best lemonaide and drink it!!
“: Ball Blast 2012 champs” HAHAHA YES!!!
Run girl!! You'll warm up in no time. RT It's COLD!!! I don't want to get out of this car. LOL
About to start our conversation with at the Send us your questions!
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
:) we love canada! whereabouts?
from opening** until 10:30am on July 21st, 2009 with the purchase of any beverage.*
I feel you. I only go to get my eyebrows done in desperate times. It's too dirty in there.
and a kid seeing the landscapes he grew up on to the Greatest skies above his head. Though I dreamt of the Sea as well.Though as the words
Not sure, and I may be completely wrong. I'll ask around.
I'm in a sharing mood.
So excited for graduation day. Batch 2012. <3 College, please be good. :)
That's EXACTLY the type of treatment Artest will get, only 5452x worse. And he deserves it.
Hearth, NYC - amazing food always, unfocused beer lists. The Bev. Dept finally blew me away w/ a special list of craft ciders (+10bt )
oh thats good
#ReasonsThatImSingle I'm in love with
might I suggest mypuppypads.com. They come in handy at home & when you travel or visit...
Mi sick now Jodi mi hate it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
1017 Followers-keep 'em coming!!! I think it's the cool new profile pic-courtesy of and
if not horrified.
Within each setback lies opportunity.
That'd be great! You can be kept up to date at :)
Quick and Easy Guacamole - My quick and easy guacamole recipe, High in Omega-6. Often avoided because avocado's are high in fats but...
cause this black kid was triying to fight my friends and then it escalated into a beat down .-. yeah......
Where have I seen this before..
Well there will be some girls there who like both groups too. I've seen them on tv over the years.
me and made a bet: I bet him that you'd get at least 10 sacks this year. He said you wont get 5. Who wins?
how many microphones go with you on tour?
best rapper alive!! and im happy he loves kim! haha, she bomb! #HesAG!
Who wakes up and eats chocolate raisins in the morning after eating chicken me (:
Pretty much every guy is the same. Very few rare ones. Just like very few rare females.
LMAOOOOO that article was so comical. way to go.
thank you for your feedback. We know our deficiencies and we promise to improve.
there wasn't an end time on their website!
aw. I love you too.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
Awww you broke your leg?.. that's sad... :/ can I try your crutches now? :D
“: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.” to some../:
I got my dress.
To this you were called,because Christ suffered for you, leaving you an example, that you should follow in his steps. 1 Peter 2:21
. Look at that profile pic! Very intimidating, indeed. That's a guy you don't pitch to with 1st base open.
okay works for me
Bowling with next week at Country Lanes. Save the date for March 29 and network with the AAF and Ad 2 chapters in San Antonio.
Awesomely busy and exciting day so far! I had completed another speech titled "Recognizing Achievement" at my Toastmasters Club today.
Post game show just ended...and hour till the next game...too late for me.
When I have a daughter one day, her name will be Luxe.
Gonna get right for the new year since I can't go anywhere. 2012 gonna be better
okay cool cool
That's good to know! If you need a tent/dome babysitter for the summer my backyard is very safe and responsible.
Health update: I have mono. Dr thinks I never recovered from it when I was 17, so it's chronic. This on top of fibromyalgia. Lovely.
story of my life :) can't wait for the new season!!
pissed off and i just want to dance
Time comes from the future. Chew on that.
don't forget...
Cant believe my best friend of about 10 years is about to graduate high school. I love you beth!
I think I have yet to update that app (and many others). For being a billion-dollar co., they should really have a nicer app.
The feeling is mutual! RT : Hahahah love it!!! Glad we finally got to meet him too!!
I think your area would be Southern Illinois. We're climbing, we've been at 61 for a bit now in the Milwaukee area
we'd love to have you!! xo
hey yup I had a great time last night at teen hoot! See u next time! -marley (I'm on my friends twitter)
Hey, Dr. Chris is our vet too! He's awesome. :)
#evernoticed how fast you get out of bed when you realized you overslept
Great time on the history tour. And a beautiful day on the plaza! #Frommer's
here! lol i was busy yesterday kickin ass
Come to Cheesie's Pub & Grub on May 6 and support an anti-bullying play. Proceeds go to the cause!
We now have our new song! Check it out!!! :)
Apparently, you're never too old for childish bathroom stall graffiti, even in college... #seriously?
You never know what you can do until you try.
I'll get up in 5 minuets (:
228. My history room.
I can't wait to move out D;
#TLG2012 "How do we create innovations that sustain communities" Janet Denhardt
The eye is the lamp of the body
what?!? You took it there! All of the jokes I was thinking of were cleaner than a bar of soap!!!
YAAAAY. <U+2764> I can't wait to see you, my dear! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
eat my Naanwich ...
or longtime friend?
GET LIKE ME! RT Hitting the gym....you already kno
Why do teachers care so much if you don't do you're homework?
on my way now.
good got the stitches out last Tuesday. Got 2 weeks of phys therapy and I'll be gold. Healing great!
What are the four levels of mens rea?
On tap, Rye IPA (replaces Colette Farmhouse Ale)
#CreativeCloud "Now lets go creat something" I gotta get back to work on a logo now
was looking through my followers and saw and about had a heart attack. i can cross that one off my bucket list ((((:
You Gettin Ready To Get Some A<U+222B><U+222B> .. And Ya Feet Smell Like S**†
Who has a 3 day weekend?! I'll give you a hint
Spending the weekend in #MKE - any suggestions on activities? Thinking a game - maybe hit up the museum.
The LACK of money is the root of all evil!
sadly, i reward myself with writing after a good twitter session.
Investigate these bishops felonies are members of an alite sqaud known as the Special Victims Unit.
What doesn't kill you makes you Stronger
I've missed you too darling :) we'll hang more often!
If you don't have tough skin, the music business is not for you
have a slammin trip! I'm green with envy.
not much longer until and I are reunited
Did Bane blow up the power transformer @ the Steeler game in SF, as a Dark Knight Rises stunt???
It's hard to find good people in your life.
John Spencer Blues Explosion this am. Blues everywhere!!!
to reach 3k
": Overhearing a Starbucks therapy session. Some people have serious life issues." LOL BE NICE
Gullibility is my life. hates me. The end.
Giving up on dating to focus on reinventing my life and feeding my creative fire with art making. Yet I find myself doodling hearts.
no se B
My christmas present arrived today!
no one hears you state boi. ..
My fucking computer just crashed and I lost EVERYTHING!!!
You're welcome!
Going to find my way to Brice canyon after awhile, and search for crystals there ! High energy!!
Penalty on us. 9:35 on the clock
I know you see me... and I know your #scared because you know im capable of taking your spot... #BringingTheHeat [{GQ™}]
maybe. Few weeks till I would know.
That is unless you're too stubborn to ask for help like me :)
no amount at the vet is too much.
There's my George by george! How you been doin' buddy? Been missing you lately
: Tea is the hero when you're sick, I swear.
The 1st duty of a leader is to define actuality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
new cash cown song ft cap1 racks n bands listen to it here
I'm spoiled.
You definitely dont want to miss the conclusion to our "F-BOMB" series tomorrow morning at ALWC!
Me too. It's on my bucket list to stay in that exact hotel & see all the sights in the movie.
I still get excited when I see SPINNERS on a car lol
seeing someone go back to the person that hurt them a million times<<<<<
you know I'm yo future ugly quit playin lol
did you ever get on 's website and put up a page for your band?
It's lunch time....When dining at Walt Disney World, do you prefer a table service or quick service location for lunch?
Rick Santorum is a herpes-infected dinosaur that shoots laser beams when he roars.
RT : Prisoner of Her Past tells how early intervention may prevent "late-onset Post Traumatic Stress Disorder"
Seriously, all the things Ive been thru over the yrs. I wouldn't wish an acting career on any kid. Were bought & sold like sandwiches...wait
hahha you know maria? Not beautiful maria or class maria,annoying maria?
Well.. Lost the bet. Looks like I'll be dying my hair <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I have 16 days and 12 hours until I leave for some sand, sun, and 7 full days of margaritas morning, noon and night
thank you thank you thank you
I choose to love and accept myself and talk to myself as I would to a beloved person in my life
Yes. Catching up with correspondence. Trying to finish book this month. Hope you are well.
your awesome! Im going to watch no matter what! <3 <3
Some days I just don't feel like being "understanding" . . . but I keep working at it . . .
Hotels &amp; Lodging Stock Outlook - May 2012 - Industry Outlook
it is kind of annoying. it's just a book. Better than some, worse than others. Why people are obsessing is beyond me.
Boutta go a jersey
Wuz good bro??
I am HallowFlame27407
I must be old. Its impossible not to drive across campus and appreciate a rapist's intentions
"Today I will use the wisdom to build a better tomorrow on the mistakes and experiences of yesterday."
you're perfect #boydirectioner <U+2764>
I want you in Europe, like, now
is the winner of the Twitter Contest!! She's won 2 tix to the Showbox show this Friday 10/16!! Thanks to everyone who played!!
austin in the show can't sing but he's the singer? xD
God I love virtual machines! My PBX & CRM sit on top of linux...
#Agreed and it's just a place to let your thoughts out and possibly more. For people who bash at it, they are lonely & jealous
Who feels like #SUBWAY for lunch? I'm down for a Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki w/ a ton of banana peppers. How do you like yours?
At thu park w neighborhood friends
Hey, congrats! Sounds like a great gig. I've always thought it would be great to work in an art museum -- so inspiring!
That's a disturbing article. It makes me long for the rise of unions again.
Oh my gosh so tired!!!
OK I will do that follow back!
Because he's mean! lol
The Bears gave a long term deal to Michael Bush before Matt Forte? Not exactly a good faith gesture from Chicago.
Is getting ready to shoot Max Aziria at the tent!
yeah, he used to play baseball and football
you got my back bro?
So it turns out that my cousin is the manager at cheddars and we got hooked up with free desserts :))
show starts in 5 min
How the hell did I keyword myself into being followed by ? You can go ahead and unfollow me. Nothing you'll like to see here.
excited to celebrate #EarthDay with #GWU this Friday! We're cooking up some delicious treats....
Got the RT from Hopsin life is #Amazing !!!
#WordPress #Tools Blog by Mail with Categories – Changes the “Blog by Mail” feature in WordPress so you can also set the category.
oh #newgirl, you make every tuesday night brighter :)
how was ur day
having a unicorn party dressed as a carrot with :3
Seriously, you would think the Xfinitywifi network would work at Would they really go broke if they just opened it up?
Hit a raccoon on the way home. Unavoidable unless I wanted to drive into a ditch. This makes me so sad.
HI, thanks for the RT, yep, still kickin' sort of. Miss u too.
We speak Spanish, French, English, and Relaxation!
we got to start practicing!
i'm bout to botch the shit out of this presentation tmrw...
Lunch was good, but way to fast! :P
5-0 in fantasy baseball. Best part? Most of my team is from Waivers
Why does everyone speak different languages and have different accents if we all originally came from the same place?
Have you not been watching House? D:
awww thanks so much!!!
WBB: Summit, Vanderveer, Conradt, Sharp, Stringer RT : If you could talk to 5 coaches living or dead for advice who would they be?
A while ago? RT : (386): At what point in my life did a night that has strippers, belly dancers, tequila and a midget become "average"?
Is InfoMail spam? Yes.
Everybody's waiting for you to breakdown, everybody's watching to see the fallout, even when you're sleeping, sleeping, keep your eyes open.
#imappropriatefuneralsongs Ding Dong the wicked whitch is dead.........
Tweeter, hippy thanksgiving
This is easily the best bag of grippos i've ever had. My mouth is on fire
Its on ur time i see
It can be worst so take it. "give u dat evil eye"
Why does it always have to come down to you leavin' before I say I love you?
If you still believe Barack Obama is not a born citizen, you are dumb. Point blank—dumb. Stupid. Moron. Dolt. Fool.
Chicken Caesar salad & Garlic bread! Yum
hearing rumors that Anthony Bennett is yet to take the SAT. Do you know if it's true and you think we get him. Thanks Larry!!
Its Woof Wednesday so stop by Lofty Dog for 5% off food and 10% off everything else!!
I'm honored. (And I even pronounced the 'h' silently to myself while writing this.)
Weak ass Milwaukee niggas aways wanna see you down bust a window for a radio yall Bitch ass hurting that bad I have a Gun next time you gone
I look damn good ;)
Thanks to my NEW & OLD followers that got me to 203. :)
cool, I'll take it on a mini road trip.
We stole this from SCI and Abby Smith.
Nahh but I got to talk to u
Everytime I Hear No Air I Think Of Austin And *Imagine* His Voice
*It's different* perfectly captures people's aversion to it.
When life throws you a lemon, throw that shyt back...didnt u ask for an orange?
Last Minute Shopping at FeeLit until 7pm! Experience the satisfaction of giving a unique item, made with love and attention... Do You FeeLit
‘Lockout’ Opening 5 Minutes & Clip Tease A Cheesy Thrill Ride via
I wish I wouldn't have trashed my credibility than I wouldn't need pics.
Thanks for spreading the word ! Hope to see you there.
“: Hey I heard you were a wile one...o” wild*
hey everyone ppl say jbs gay
Hunger City > Hunger Games
HA! RT That, sir, is why u make the big bucks. A day at HQ for our 10,000th follower!
Looking at prospective employees. Madhouse at
gonna miss my love bugs tomorrow &
like I said I prioritize things...I still need a charger and guitars...so
of Wisconsin serves the 0.01% --
Just left a holiday party and am headed home. Tomorrow #RedBull madness with some family. Hope you're enjoying the weekend!
No new listing today, we are busy processing a new shipment! In the meantime, check out our price cuts from yesterday!
Many of the young people are Kennedy's
That was fun. Welcome to Lexington and #BBN I see nothing but big things.
“: You can buy Lucky Charms marshmallows in bulk without the cereal.”
sorry mom I didn't know wat time it was lol
Love that song lol
Really excited to go and see the Rally to Restore Sanity on the Mall today!
you need to come over for Project Runway. P.S. You missed it because you are not watching enough lifetime movies.
2/12 - Scratched Up - V Bar - Pre-sale tickets Available at QBS for $3... Support your Local DJ's and Talents
man just $40
YOu guyz did an unbelivible job on shake it up i've never seen anything like it <3 i love u all send my love.. ~hannah
Problem as old as social science
Read that earlier. They were talking to America and Americans. Detroit is more of a metaphor (comments from group)
Ha! RT : After a million years of human evolution, man has reached a point where he is now stupider than his telephone.
Saturday Special !!!! $10 OFF ANY SERVICE TODAY !! Call 503-241-4922, today for a free quote & mention Facebook or Twitter for $10 off !!
Tonight I attended my 17th annual meeting of Life Success as executive director...it's funny how much has changed and yet remains the same!
LIONS OR TIGERS?
Ex boyfriends......they propel us on in life :)
OMG U TWO LOOK LIKE SISTERS!!! :)
If this doesnt get you to buy a ticket, nothing will. Just in: Mega Millions jackpot has jumped to $640 million
omg same! How old r u an ur hot lol
Oh, man...there is so much good food to choose from, it's hard to pick who to buy what from. One of everything, please!
S/o to my new followers
Great to hear!
ugh take me with you I'll pay whatever haha.
Harry Connick Jr. blushes, smiles after finding out he's a descendent of a Confederate soldier
If your not a pats fan you can #stfu now.
Well when it comes to those parts it sure ruins a lot of peoples days
“#California became the first to discover that it was #fantasy that led reality, not the other way around.” -William Irwin Thompson
Pimps up, hoes down
Wing ball pressure eliminates the skip pass, discourages post-entry passes, dis-allows a jump shot, and encourages turn-overs.
When is all nice to it makes me sick I will always love more than "breezy" never will 4giv
These multicolored lights going off on the front of Aria make it kind of difficult to fall asleep!
Has a soft spot for Becoming Jane, a little bit of Anne/James before switching over to
Volunteering at the cat shelter on Sundays is just about the most rewarding thing ever.
Just wanted to wish you well, have fun and be safe, uncle :)
Albert Pujols strikes out in the 9th. Brewers 3.5 games in 1st Place. Ball Game
Brand is bigger than the sum of the parts
Ha, you've got her there. So ridiculous that she would even try and pull that without telling you...
"intimate immensity" is an apt name for the indescribable collection of Larry and Susan Marx...opening tonight @ Hammer
working all the time on projects that will be released very soon! What's up tho?
Trying to understand derivatives, the Volcker rule & this big J.P. Morgan $2 billion eff-up.
Ah! Real Monsters, season one.
I'm incredibly easy to love, but tend to break hearts.
reunion Of uikend in Stephen M Ross of the school of business The Web password If you have any questions write If you :-)
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will ne at Jefferson and Masthead Thursday for Lunch Service
#FF #FollowFriday RT : "Guys. GUYS. Guys. Guys. GUYS." - me parenting
thanks for following
Hello World!
Happy Birthday , i love you
Sometimes i amaze...Sometimes i dissapoint ..
Staying in Lexington, Virginia tonight. It is indeed the cutest little town ever! They still have a peeble's
quote of the day: "The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Lets Go Party ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> Hell Yah
": lol tell that to fleetwood Mac" Does anyone have Fleetwood's number? Or at least an email address?!
RT : The California Primary is in 3 weeks and I have seen ONE, yes only one, Romney bumber sticker LOL
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut-Ipe 3/4" x 3" in-stock, Natural dark brownish black tones-extremely durable.
well i arrive just in time for MAndy to get himself 2 match points. all the fun - none of the angst! er, he better take one of them...
Lucky teacher!
It was good to part of the discussion w/ the tech community on navigating Annapolis. BTW, I have thicker skin!
RT : Nurture your Relationships. When people feel they know & trust who u are, they'll invest in your brand every time.
Thanks for getting your banners!
Aftermath, Blood Feast, Dead Alive and TCM2.
why do so many people suck today??? LOL Ah, can't wait to get home and be a FUCR, literally a FUCR, lol -google it!
I knew would never let us down
Stop being so damn dramatic, queen.
I want to be alone.
RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust Announces 14% Gain in Operating FFO for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
We will be speaking loud about it; we will not stand for being blamed for mistakes made by donors says Pires from
“: I only get drunk on days that end in Y.”
Happy 1 yr anniversary to Thank you for all you do to promote safe school environments for our students.
RT : Welcome everyone to #Savannah for the Rock N Roll Marathon! Good luck for a safe race!
It blows my mind that this is even a discussion, along with contraception and abortion.
Smiling n my face wit dem 2 dirty ass golds
I don't care what says, you're alright in y book
Somebody let me know who wins..
#NP Higher- :] This somg never gets old!
... you do that it'll be fun time lol...
yea man, to touch another life is why i do this. im happy we could help you through.
The Adobe MAX show is from October 3rd to 5th. Lots of new and exciting opportunities to learn new cutting edge technology.
Thankful for business travel reps since my 1st attempt at flying was cancelled. Not ok at 5am
8 days of school left. Summer, Where you at?
Fell asleep in the bathtub.... Again....
Who's using pay per view model for electronic journal articles? With which vendors?
Swag... Swag... Swag. Youngins, that's the best you got?
"Do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
if we were lying on a beach together, DONE!
High at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> ugh.
Newt Gingrich on Hannity last night. Republicans can't win the White House by blasting away at each other! Newt makes good sense!
my fav. weather I need 2 be were u at but um check out my boy Gutta J Nino Brown on youtube
there are places where you can buy manic panic in england.
Who's going to Bamboozle!
"Goodbye Mr. Potato Chips"
do you think it will be bigger than Vinny and Chachis workshop?
Hope to see you there Steve! RT : I try to go to #BizExpo even those years when I forget to pre-register...
jcwesterwear.com has all you western wear need HUGE SALE,,shop in stores or on line
Totally! I was literally yelling at the screen, "You did *not just do that!!!"
Finally a day to sleep in, now waking up to some strawberry pancakes! #happysunday :)
who cares
yep. Big reason why bynum didn't get a flagrant when he pulled McGee to the floor
I'm a student of history, not a professor.
Let's Talk Cake! Baby Shower Cake, Birthday Cake, Wedding Cake any kind of cake =)
Worst damn week EVER
"There's a lot of conversation between "How's your day going?" and "Can we get together?"...Can your SPOUSE get in that chat with you?" ~KB
Finally Man vs Wild has another season on Netflix!
Bored ass fuck, watching a movie in class -.- this bell needs to ring!!
silent night is just freakin beautiful.
Good win tonight team! Lets get another one tomorrow!!!
Hood morning Queen
Bring on those questions!
oh ok lol
I wonder how many " #480Bridge " references we'll see on Twitter after the #Browns picks tonight?? LOL
And apparently in some sections women just start stripping and changing in the middle of the room!
He obviously doesn't have the discerning eye that you do....~grin~
thanks so much for the follow! If you are in the market for a new mattress or any sort of furniture please let us know!
Love that vanity. I have never seen one like it.
I dig it q/t with a boo is always great & needed
Best thing I've heard all night. xD
Then you are in luck, because they are changing the pages design to Timeline so it will be what you are used to
A key to #leadership is to duplicate other’s strengths, not just your own. SeanLetwat
lmao yea its not my fault psh don't pretend you didn't mistake it once either:P
Written in HTML/CSS w/ Markdown + Dropbox, and compatible with , I present to you my official site/blog (Not here yet due to IE)
In memory of all those lost one year ago today in the Japan earthquake & tsunami. Sending thoughts & prayers to the survivors.
RIP frank white
stop dm'ing me.that shit I. Cant even see it!!!!
He is attractive.
What's a dawg pound? Lol
RT - Happy World IA Day, everyone! Please tweet a hello and mention where you're celebrating. #wiad cc/
Don't miss Zara's Acting For Film workshop at SOURCE on Monday!! It's gonna be cool.
thanks! Good luck to you too! See ya after the madness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
: You people love making crap up don't you.
and she's in!
making a banging track is one thing. technology has gotten to the point that ppl can keep stuff in tune.
Glad to see your tweet about Electric Cars. we are currently documenting youth building and racing electric cars!
hilarious! Bet u got every play memorized...lol
I always imagine being that 6th grader when I shoot hoops alone. My fadeaway is silk.
You Should Have It Would Have Been Sexy , I Would Have But I Wasnt For Sure If I'd Was You :/
Speaking of ant-eating fungi, wants to start Friday Night Write again, but this may interfere w/FNM.
Exactly! I just hope he is ok. I would fucking lose it if he's gone.
New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin will be doing a special talkback this Thursday, March 10, immediately following the performance!
Goodnight y'all! Know that we are ALL beautifully and wonderfully made in the eyes of The Lord and He will nvr love u anymore or any less!
I feel like you dream about that a lot.
<3 it girl, you be rocking it hah ;) xox
you got it!
Yours, too!
#smbmad food has kicked up a notch. Bagels and lox? -awesome
Shooting a spoof on #ABDC tomorrow! Mario Lopez get ready.
I have some of those on last names on the one I have....starting from antuman faal though...
#KINETIKLIFE all day every day....get ready for the big things comin your way soon!
Just added you. Thanks!
He also attempted to turn up the tv with that darn imaginary remote....
Fest it up!
Happy 185th Birthday to the B&O Railroad! Half price admission all day 11am-4pm!
Knicks/Rangers/Mets....FAIL
should all follow ;) because he's a HUGE fan <3
is my life, my world, the reason i smile, lights up my days.. well 1D is my ONE THING <U+2665>
Two more hours to vote for Ross! New leadership for a safe SF. Endorsed by current sheriff, democrats and bay guardian. Vote now!
ladie on man on fire was slappin people like duck duck goose lmbao my dad dumb haha
have a blast. i'll live vicariously thru the other Cindy :)
Abby and for Mikey ! (:
that was hilarious lol
Well, that settles it: Mr Know It All was definitely written about Obama.
bad gateway the fuck
But needs a win. You couldn't go easy on him?
Totally. I'm feeling all growed up right now.
ah, gotcha. gracias. been like 3 months.
Every tv show / movie I like come on ween I'm not at home. , .
babe I wuvv you <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
They're not THAT good, correct. But they ARE different. And that counts for a lot.
#Brewers need a SS much more badly than corner infield.
Those mornings when you wake up and feel like you can take over the world! >>
YAY!!! Can't wait to see you again in #Lexington Saturday!
Spent so much time at the Convention Center last week that I keep putting my hands under the faucet expecting it to automatically turn on.
Between the horrid etiquette of the 911GZM and the human remains exploitation of the Sept11Muse, very disappointed in NY right now.
Raiding a frat party is the best offer of procrastination I've received all day. Think this catalog essay can wait?
Hey , you have a minute for a quick question? If so, could you please DM me? Thanks
Why is "Muppet" suddenly a slur? I think Miss Piggy should open a can of "hi-YA" on those Goldman bastards.
Who's coming to our show Dec 18th at Olies Point? :)
thank you
I would take you in a heartbeat if you wanted to go but the flight is long and horrible to get there but my family would love you
I like that our paint continues to weather and peel in respective poses.
Congratulations on announcing your run for congress - COURAGE LEADS!
Just got off work, cash flow !
Radio Times poll provokes online battle for Baftas - The Guardian
Who's going to #expowest? Come by the Nana's booth and say hi! Lot's of goodies to try =)
Reruns of scrubs and 2 and a half men
Where r u?
Happy Valentines Day!! :)
There were two javascript choices in the humansnotbots settings. Went with the default, now I'm good.
lol sure. Want a postcard too?
I am very sorry. Sending you hugs.
Bitches I hate them so much..
Don't comment until you know all the facts/have the whole story (i.e. Ashton Kutcher's comment re: Jo Pa).
#TweetAndEat Bloggers should check out Google Trends and Google Insights. So many amazing free tools!
Really? That's good to know I hope the interview generates more followers for both of us. New friends to be found!
“I came to see in my time at IBM that culture isn’t just one aspect of the game-it is the game.” Lou Gerstner, former President & CEO of IBM
Lack of money breeds creativity.
Thanks a nice mix of style. Do you make it Arlington much? Been to Northside Social?
So...where exactly did Cotton Eye Joe come from and go to? Has anyone figured that out yet or are we all just done caring about it?
Switching between #Oscars2012 and the nba all star game. Difference in ads is striking.
MSNBC is reporting that Susan G. Komen for the Cure has reversed its decision and will continue funding Planned Parenthood.
While tweeting? “ I just did something I curse at Thais for doing. I took a shortcut down a sidewalk on my motorcycle.”
I feel bad for the people who let that one good one get away..... now a days true love is just about impossible to find.
Thanks for the RT. #BillCosby certainly knows a thing or two :)
and pretty much 30+ more, i love going to concerts (:
one week of school down and i am sick.
Sorry - walkjogrun.net!
that awkward moment when I don't "like like" you... at all... sorry...
Who is coming out Mulligan's Cordova tonight? Music starts up around 9:30 - see you there!
So far so good. Life's life. (; Thanks. :)
Oh hell no!! RT But its just the stupid Rose Bowl
no I'm not choosing. I love and care about both of you two. I'd rather stop playing lacrosse than chose between u guys
Juggernaut has beats!
met a few chicks that really enjoy the game watched it for years n didn't play.....but then again they older
Each candidate is tested on a computer software program with the purpose of assessing their proficiency on tasks required for the position.
A new season is about to begin! 'DOUBT: A parable' will begin September 30th and run through October 9th, Mark your calenders!
first BlackBoard reference of the morning.
25 players have hit 25+ HRs but no one team dominates - 5 teams have 2 players who've hit that many.
totally agree Mr Bouris [hunk of spunk u r] !
I want too
You love Poe.
You know you're too close when....
Tell her I got my MRS degree, lol. Had one year left, then I ran off and got married. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
Building focus groups for a large brand research project. Coordinating people's time might be the hardest part of branding ;-)
Thanks so much Michael! :)
is just waiting on fruit flavored to come out
Love my new belt.... It's a restraint I stole from the asylum
slider by Patrick Robinson is sneaky good. Life of a ball player on the cape for the summer
I read about it about an hour ago; it's starting to burn on the net.
y so u want me to follow if ur not even following me u said follow back and I dud
Rest in Peace Richard Hamilton!
It's easier to smile than frown, let's fuck?;D <3
I've never listened to them before but I'll check them out soon
Get them rings ladies :(
People hold onto the past because they fear nothing that great will ever happen to them again.
Having access Justin Beiber's fan mail would probably be like having access to the government's child pornography database.
Yep, I wrote it with you guys in mind ;)
Thank you for following me Josh <3
Know anything about a Bay Shore Ave (not Blvd) in SF? I see enough directory references to think they might not be errors, but ?
We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your dinner! Come back for Happy Hour!
Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality. -Les Brown
where you watching at?
it's 9:19 am here and i could really go for a bbq rib. is that weird?
I always forget to download Pages on my iPad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Got q little excited. Saw a guy who looked like Ronnie. I almost died a little.
Obama Admin Leadership theme: draw big salary but know nothing and blame subordinates. "The Buck stopped THERE." It's consistent. Watch 'em.
Watching a great NatGeo documentary about White House photographers on Netflix. Really interesting stuff.
I wish!
#needinears some of us don't get #headphns on stage like Ambrose RT : You always talking about ur voice...
I did
Got to listen to the entire album yesterday and it sounds great! Can't wait for the official release.
Erm, for whatever i said xx can't remember now xx
Treating at East Side Studio, I feel relaxed and excited! It could be the soft, quiet rooms. It could also be the choo-choo train.
hey. I've been writing George & he told me to tell you hello!!
for sure. haha
By not reaching the bigger points, 9th Cir. has given SCOTUS little to go off of.
Looking for an Olympic connection with Skype...Any suggestions?
Checked in w friends in Hawaii. They are bracing for possible impact from #Tsunami and wide spread power outages.
Better capitalize. Need points.
I turn within for guidance and receive it immediately.
Met a pretty girl And I wanted to make her mine.
Steelers are home week 2 and 3 and away week 4. thats all i got for you right now
are you girls at the general store?
I would like to put together a photo book of my paintings. Does anyone know someone who can do it inexpensively?
Sorry to hear of the loss of your friend. *hugs*
“Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.”
hangs drywall. I'm sure he knows nothing utorrents. I don't hang drywall and I have no clue as well. :)
this is probably a weird question, but what's the shade of your hair color called? I love it and want to go red eventually.:P
Zilyen does some really great promotional creative too!
Available now Erase E 'Good Living' get it now in iTunes and cd baby...
Staying out late on a Sunday for live. Milwaukee's Sunday concert crowd is worth it. Man ponies and all.
She played the strongest game !
"Together, & provide an outline of 8 years of educating for innovation." in Creating Innovators
Probably not. :) My fiancé just started his MFA program in Fall 2009. Just moved in the summer from NY.
Great day organizing #business. New Partnership with great #MUA coming soon great new and different projects... Good night!
Greenwood resident Mary Harris - owner of The Fiber Gallery - wins 1st night of Jeopardy, but loses 2nd; has "great fun."...
Turn on my car and "MAINT REQD" starts flashing. If I close my eyes, it's fixed, right?
Great night at with We #drankourfacesoff while watching the nucks win and take over first place.
high grade
Who's ready for #brewers opening day? #superfans sure are!
my sisters are saying that nutella is the worst thing in the world now im mad at them !!
Yeah it's pretty good. Not amazing but definitely worth a listen.
what's fucking lame about fuck? ;D
Um, I'm more than slightly jealous....
that would be great<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Congratulations to on making it to the #NHL Playoffs for the first time in over 10 years!
#black #friday www.inlinewaiting.com
Thanks guys! I had a great time this morning.
hey you are on the list
Gave him a piece of my mind that felt good
Who are the broncos taking with the #2 pick?
I did see that. I'm sorry. :/
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 63
Reggie Evans, two huge buckets in that 4th Quarter Clips run...which begs the question: "Do you wish you still played for the Raptors?"
RT (via ): Alcohol: Because no great story ever started with someone eating salad.
Umm well we're no millionaires so I'm off to dream about how it would of been if we would of won!!! Good-night & have rich dreams.
Cafe virus is vampire lounge sexy. Love itch on the stereo. Dark and dark red. Casey chisholm is setting up to start off our night.
I should be drinking by now
Thanks for the quick reply!
you jerk face.
Well... you know how those ravaging hoards of Morten Lauridsen fans can be.
Learned today Charles Mingus wrote Goodbye Pork Pie Hat, a favorite as my second marriage was ending. I still like Ernie Watts's cover best.
I #Love when 6pm hits! Work day was WONDERFUL today
okc or san antonio are my only hopes to keep lebron ringless since my bulls lost rose i need you guys on point
maybe it has something to do with air pressure?
welcome and can u do me a high favor by following
Smokers. Gross!
I try not to think that because it really doesn't! :)
Actually I've heard the band in that picture and they are terrible.
You neglected to mention that we were celebrating your one year anniversary with us. needs more than croissants.
From Jay Leno - as soon as George Steinbrenner made it to heaven he fired God and told Jesus to lose the beard.
In honor of the awesome season finale of #parksandrec, everything I say tonight will be sung, a la Jean Ralphio.
Never let any negative person change your direction in life, either keep going...or turn on your hazard lights and let them pass by!
Hope this doesn't seem like a strange question for you, BUT: Do you know of good alternatives to #StateFarm?
you should think of making a dairy free almond ice cream :)
Because they all know they got handed a win by the league.
Lunch time where the FukuBurger? lol:p
Volkswagen Eos: 2001 Volkswagen Golf Reviews
job change fear #2: I won't find something I am good at - what if I hate the new job?
Just fell asleep for over an hour. I am the worst road trip buddy ever.
good stuff
ugh I want some effin cherry crisp lol
I just think this highlights the neat thing about books: 2 ppl can read the same book & have wildly different reactions.
Everytime I see you, my heart drops 50 stories..<3
Having been an opera singer I'm used to musical repetition in my head, but that fucking MacArthur Park is driving me nuts AAAAARGH!
Completed the capital 10k with my wife and son in the stroller this year and managed to find just about ever potty along the way. So slow.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?-Sun Tzu
Im always yelling im hungry. Smh.
Chuck talking about there are too many fat asses out there,he forgot to look in the mirror.weight watcher evidently ain't wking for him lol
NO YOU DON'T
Close Encounters of the Pie Kind #changemovietitleswithpie or Lost in Pie
lolol curly headed fuck.. U didnt call me fuck boy and i just got to class text me
"you cannot weigh love in a balance; you cannot measure moral values; neither can you estimate the quality of spiritual worship."
Rage practice tomorrow, 5:30pm at Hickory Park in South Milwaukee. Yes outdoors and yes it's padded. Check website for directions.
OK. The market is back in the green. I am sure that the guys are hard at work to make it so.
that's awesome! Good luck!!!!
i'm done playing the games you have me playing.. i see the game and i will beat it... im ahead of you. i will over come
You know what sucks about having my name be ... I get "mentioned" on accident ALL THE TIME!
Nah fuck that, Butters ftw! C:
This right here is a panty dropper performing tonight
I had it on constant spin backstage at turner yesterday. Doing the same today
#NowFollowing !!!! A real big #cheesehead ..!! U the man ..!! Haircut on me when u in the Milwaukee
if you love happy hour you would also LOVE bartab!!
: RT : I like Philly
Two nursery trips in for 2011 and it's not even April. Gotta love springtime at the nurseries on Long Island.
These fools im sittin by keep sayin Bernie Mack played Big Worm....he was in Friday, but hes the fake preacher not the icecream man
You're right. That makes it totally worth dealing with the app store policies.
Thank You! Happy Easter <3
If the Rams get Michael Floyd at 14 that's a huge win for them.
RT : "Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours"
Foolish! That's 8 letters. Illegal.
Not a single student in the room on MySpace. Only two on Twitter. "It's just really annoying," said one student. "We don't care."
I LOVE YOU
whoa down kitty! lol cool it
Hanging out with tonight in DC!! :)
Thanks and - Collaboration is key!
LOL!! Good one
omg me either the food in my school is nasty
Me, too!
ThinkMakeDigital very interested in folks' thoughts on #c21nonhuman tweet space mixed w/conf space.You are encouraged to share thoughts.
Blue Plate Special: Chicken fried steak sandwich, side salad and a drink only $10! You betta believe dat!
aww thanks so much! Right back at you! :-D
I JUST REALIZED. omg.
Ohh cool, what are you listening to?(:
Alright #osu Let's do this
Follow me please guys and I follow you I promise!
Ok, ok, WHEN you do something awesome! Tmrw is way too early. I need like 2 months to get prepped for the Slacker amt of awesome.
ate my weight in yoghurtland that shit is the shizzle. now feel like a small pie about to explode arhhhh
I agree. Strings are very important. Especially for slapping and popping. The ones in the solo video are somewhat new...
AMAZING season finale! Totally did not see that coming. Made me cry. :) Can't wait for next season. Thank you!
- Love the new Hollywood "sad core" sound and the masterful re-invention of Lizzy Grant. Brilliant!
Imagine facing eviction or domestic violence without a lawyer... connects families to that help.
I can 100% guarantee you that we are not paying them. You are.
thats how i feel right now
Very interesting discuss on keeping your CDR low at #sfsnacubo. Outreach, education, accountability--even before borrowing.
because I totally do that
That's a pretty strong statement.
WHAT DID TWIST MAGAZINE SAY ABOUT GREYSON?!?! This is what happens when im off Twitter..
Just hit 12.4k tweets :D
Good Morning Crew Fans, Brewers traded for K-Rod
That's true!
R.I.P 2 MY CONDOLENCES GOES OUT 2 AND CALI SWAG DISTRIC FAMILY.M-BONE KILLED! DAMN THATS CRAZY.VIOLENCE! SMH! :(
Oh! I'd rather be sippin' with our #winemister too: :D
It's absolutely beautiful outside! #SpringHasSprung :)
I never gave the #Broncos a chance. I feel like I need to go repent right now or something.
haha that video was funny as fuck
Teaching is not a vital function, because they are not an end in itself, the vital function is to learn.
Apparently Apple made some sort of announcement today, but iDon<U+FFFD>tcare
Can you forward the citation? I've been working on something about the Yazoo Scandal.
Who is God in your life...
About to watch the Hunger Games
It's time we start producing Men with relavant voices for the community we don't need anymore scared 5 fld leaders!
I shall dm you my new number!
God help me :S
!!! RT : If its one thing that I can't stand is a fuckin two faced person!
I think mcmillian will be able to compete for a starting job soon and do a good job at it. Seems will contribute anyway possible
Home with a sick child. Crossing my fingers for something that will not race through the family this time.
It's possible I got my own hashtag wrong. Oops. #shehechat at 8pm CST. Join us if you dare!
that tweet was white
how serious do you think Iran is taking us...or do you think Isreal has everybody second guessing
Absolutely. Thanks man, it is a take no prisoners kind of mentality on this pres. Doin work
Now 48 hrs with no power. Energy co. Promising by Sept. 3. Going thru fridge n tossing n making a list of food damage. Smells yummy. Not.
Cause the man from Mars is thru with cars he's eating bars yeah wall to wall door to door hall to hall He's gonna eat 'em all Rapture
hey u fine young thang lol
NYC... We love you! Thanks for 2 great shows.. Well b back for all of u that missed it!!
Discovery of Cairo Genizah (collection of Jewish manuscripts) a "suspense thriller"
Authorities believe shooting case Roger Clemens lawyer claimed steroids evidence was likely caused by UN.
Nilges - ContentDM is bundled with Worldcat subscriptions for small libraries
I always hated when my scars started to fade, because as long as I could still see them, I knew why I was hurtinq.
My word that was a strike.
I like that part of the Goyte song when he sings like a woman. So basically I like the whole song.
Think it also helps he has practical experience recruiting these Midwest towns and players.
Today was a depressing day, but I got threw it thanks to god
Just got into an accident. Just my luck.
"Keep your faith in all beautiful things; in the sun when it is hidden, in the Spring when it is gone."
I swear I be missing my husband everytime we don't talk : /
You'll know it's a good show when I can tweet between the songs...
earn money from home: grab your ebook to earn daily $150 or more from my blog
So Motionless In White is going to be at warped tour this year!!! Are any of you guys fans? I am! -Jordan Meyer(Biersack)-
tatoos, dimples on my face, height (being 6"4 ain't easy nowadays) and a broken heart......
pls rank flex non ppr Stewart, t jones, steve johnson, lynch, v jax. Thanks!
That looks very ordinary!
The Day Ahead: Limited Domestic Econ Leaves Greek Swap Deadline in Focus
I'm a roll-with-the-punches kind of girl, but I get all hinky over the Golden Corral chocolate fountain.
what was your fav part?
if you could be a boy for a day, what would you do during the day? (:
Thanks for following me! Happy Friday!
I can't read minds. I can't see through steel.
Wow I'm really feeling him.
I love doing shit like that on my own...NAT! I do like them though
Y can you see her thong “ Stone washed jeggings & a denim thong smh”
I Ain't Even Gone Wipe The Crust Out My Eyes lmaoo G Ima Text You First Thing!
what's bothering you baby?:/ if it's something I said/did tell me I'm sorry babe:/<3
I took my brothers hate off so he punched me then pushed me & said "your not in second grade!!" your the one who just flipped out over that
you too! lol....really bad this time of year bro...I stay strapped with it...lol
So a DJ from KEXP described Black Cherry Crush as Sexy, not a word usually attributed with Seattle bands but Sexy is Good and Good is Sexy!!
lol - i was intrigued enough to install in last night...never snapped a pic yet. time to uninstall.
I was asked to appear but couldn't make it. Gr8 segment tho. Did u c it?
Just finished watching #TheArtist. A brilliant and beautiful film! Congrats to and all involved! Go get yourself an Oscar!
smoke! Tomorrow you're gonna be in class, well if you even go, let's go smoke yajaira! Haha
Yes they are, site should be fully functioning very very soon and you will see more and be able to purchase.
Still up.... Sleep soon?
my birthday is tomorrow, and i have to work from 12-8... that gives me 3 hours between school and work to celebrate yay.
That awkward moment when a fat person has their shirt off...
just heard a radio commercial for a hank williams jr. concert
girls that wear dresses with the cut all the way up their hip ha >>>>>
aw you just made maa morning baebee!
I am not waiting on Obama--that's for sure.
where the wolfies at :D
did you and your girls have fun last night at the NFL Draft party at Bounce Sporting Club?
RT : 3 people tied for the lead at the British open means that I am not going to get anything accomplished til it's done.
You can see the bugs in her hair !! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
now booking 2012 tour. Email us @ if you love us. Venues suggestions are good, house parties better
I just wished for: '"Why Won't You Just Tell Us the Answer?": Teaching Historical Thinking in Grades... via
Thanks for your RTs, good ppl!
Don't so much care what you think. I can like all of them and my QB. People oppose him to just be like that.
You'll have a blast! Go for it! You'll make some amazing new friends and enter into a whole new world! Rah Rah Rah! Go go go!
Only one sport enables a team to stay in its back yard for a full regular season and win a "national" (cough) championship: college football
You teach history, no? Shaky German better than no German! Shaky German for German-dept faculty? Uh.
RT : We don't need to turn every idea into a diamond, just the ones we want people to remember. --
RT : #UFC pay per view tonight. Starting now. No cover. PBR rodeo across the street
If I'm going to deal with traffic like this, I might as well be dealing with it in DC.
Tonight With any order receive a Free Medium Drink with any Burger or Wing Order
#paleo dinner: Leftover steak made into stir fry. Feeling like I need a tablespoon of almond butter for dessert!
9 weeks and 4 days . I can't wait till my little girl or boy is in my arms , it's going to be so precious !
Friday the 13th is when I get my foodstamps
are you still out partying right now??
Happy Birthday General :). your awesome, i love u nd hop ur day was fantastic
thanks for the RT
when did we decide as a society that mac n cheese is the greatest meal ever? lets face it y'all, the cheese comes in a box as powder :/ haha
*offline* deuce deuce.
Thanks for the follow! Good to see you Will miss it too.
thank you and same to you!
It's a great Monday morning! :))
Went hard at dance and got to see !! <3
the one where Garrett's going?
"Is that rain?" LOOK OUT YOUR GIANT ASS WINDOWS, ZOOEY!
Great catching up with you. A classy man and always a pleasure to work with. Let's stay in touch. Pays over your NFC
no should i
If she is not guilty does that mean that there is a child killer on the loose?
Laker fans always talk shit about Lebron after they win games "We almost got eliminated by weak ass Denver yo but Lebrons a pussy"
Same here!xoxo
Movie night, at my house, in two weeks(: having a scary movie marathon
If u ain't gonna do it right don't do it at all
you mentioned me babes
Alf is addicted to eating cotton.
Ha! Agreed.
We need to make an event out of it!
you don't even have to ask lol
Hope you get the wild card I heart you<U+2764>
bro my sub is extra dookie
Dude jeted down that court
You have to go! It's a special little place.
Wow, cousin. Talk about an early start.
It's New Year's Eve. I'm all about the babble!
I LOVE YOU!!!<3
. fund us so we can support their relief work by spreading the message of appropriate donations
sexy strange one though
we spend life away
Congrats to our newly elected PL Section officers! Co Chairs Brooke Mullican/Janet Walker, Vice Chair Jean Nichols, Secretary Pamela Wiggins
Thanks Hooligans :)
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Be creative incorporate a color besides red -- blue, purple, gold, silver...
U.S. Stocks skid Wednesday in second straight day of losses. #Dow drops 125 points. #Nasdaq falls 1.4%, #SP500 dips 1%.
it is unlikely, as we haven't made it there yet. soon, son. soon.
dude i swear there is a pregnancy epidemic going on. #damn !
You bet.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new pagee now
yup. Didn't see that but he pitched the 10th.
John Mayer's new song 'Shadow Days' is 'farewell letter' to ex Jennifer Aniston - New York Daily News
Being thirsty is never attractive #Turn Off
Morning Rockstars! > Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. - Benjamin Franklin
#Yessir im going to
For the 18th time this evening, I'm going to try to back away from my desk and rejoin the land of the living.
Pokemon Leaf Green, all day.
#TwoThingsIWant Strawberries & Crème Frappuccino and a KISS ! :) >>>>who can get me those??
Turned a 3.5 hour shift into a 5 hour shift.
A guy can wish can't he?
Hospital cafeteria breakfast soon. Prollly beter than gas station grub.
I'll be busy all day :/
I still haven't forgiven you from last week.
"Permanently focused. Learning while I'm going."
ok. that is really creepy. I'm sure it uses an algorithm of some sort from a database but I picked OBSCURE people.
go die.
Your story is AMAZING! Too bad you weren't on a Buddy Bike! ;-)
Braun hits 3 HR's and a Triple, yet continues to stroke off Kemp and not mention Braun on their MLB page. Not once.
can you play " Sweet Love " by !
does deja vu still mean that there is a glitch in the matrix?
haha I'm such a queer. I sent like 20 DMs so they were funny
Romans 10:17 (KJV) So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
ALSO FOLLOW THE REST OF OUR CREW
Bout to get this workout in then, get a haircut
Yum! Where do you live again? ;) RT : My neighbor just brought Mac and cheese and more wings.
Who knew the dead piranha around Missi Giove's neck was holding her stash??
do you see Royal leaving SD without a contract or will he sign?
So The Donald sat frozen, staring straight forward, like a wooden Duck. Wow the Duck got roasted. Roasted or Frozen he's now Donald Duck!
that looks adorable...And tasty!
Anyone have cardboard boxes to loan or donate?
Heading to our show :) can't wait to perform for everyone today:)
Good! You?
you seem in good spirits today darth
Payday Advance Loans-get Money Before Your Payday
": RT if you are a librarian with overdue books!" I'm a librarian's assistant with overdue books. #notashamed I am! I have FINES!
good luck ! Not that you need it though(:
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel in order to remember what you deserve.
YES! Love that they have recommendations/action items EVERYONE can use - not just talking about their own experiences
RT - Albert Young is apparently on his way to joining the Jacksonville Jaguars, per his twitter this morning.
Sick... But I'm at least getting great weight training in!!
love it!
Grizzly and Iceland Pure are also high-quality fish oils for your pet. Use liquid form and not capsules. Capsules are 4x more expensive.
please follow me? I love you!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
We're back from our holiday break today! Come visit us and see what we have in store (literally!) for the new year!
What? You think the Grand Pubah is going to leave his beloved USAFA??
thanks coach! Oak ridge is doing big things! "basketball programs" working together
You'll be fine! :-) The end of the week will be a lot better!
You are such a creep!
Its a miracle my beautiful girlfriend left the hospital 2day w/only minor injuries after getting hit by a guy going 90+ mph on new circle..
Followed:D
Awesome, take pictures and share! (:
meant to say McKinley already deleted my tweet.
heading to the Austin Women's Political Caucus.
GWBU is up 40% from our alert yesterday
I've never been happier to sit on a plane. Thank you are an angel with ratchet straps
You hit the big-time!
thank you! haha I hope so too ;)
looking forward to meet you at #sxsw. anywhere specific in the hilton?
You deserve to know how much I love you, you are worth it.
Fraid I do not have Skype
awesome... hope she recovers :-)
I decided to sleep during my lunch break & I regret it already cause I'm hungry than a mf
You'll miss me now that I'm gone.
Can't wait
Aight guys, I've sent a pitch for a new show on her network OWN. Let's see what she thinks. This could be BIG!!!
I haven't tried all of them, but I'm a big fan of Hartl's. Def recommend starting there.
Happy Thursday! Make sure you have the umbrella on hand today and then happy 70's next week! Watch the !
It says something about facebook's outlook that the only two options for its new chat feature are "learn more" and "try it now".
have got to hammer out the last 10 pgs of this new fiction piece today. Surprisingly a little sunshine might help.
Ready/needing/wanting summer and paseo and a frisbee
why don't you talk to me no more?!
i just picture him say "muthafucka"
qot into a fiqht with the table && it won.
- Biggest challenge is yet to come..Marketing strategy
good morning what up with a follow just a friendly hello
It is really an excited moment of life...
Understandable, but too bad we can't add a note for future researchers. Maybe I'll stick a note in our print vol.
Turns out I need a ball gown. Where the hell is my fairy godmother?
'PHISSY' not so much.
Drexel Dragons ‘Drexel Basketball Backboard ’ Pendant – 14KT Gold Jewelry
Ha ha. Noted. Thank you.
Excited to have completed Disney project!
Whoever follows me gets a HUGEE shoutout and a DM to to follow u!! Just tell me if u did!!<3
I came home with 10 loads of laundry.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> sorry ma!
Charlotte, NC today! Waiting in the lobby to go to the Warped grounds... Its going to be crazy today!
damn Twitter... I almost believed you... See now I'm lying.
Jewelry & Metal Arts Club Jewelry Sale today and Tuesday 9am-2pm outside the Student Center. Profits support the SWC Jewelry Lab.
wow questionable call there...did Waltman have possession?
Good afternoon. Enjoying some down time over this holiday season. Looking forward to seeing Avatar this evening with the kids.
no worries! It's hard these days not to offend SOMEone! I do appreciate the knowledge. Hope I can remember it for future! LOL
holy shit!! that is literally the most incredible band i think ive ever heard of...im sure i would explode in sight of them
#itshardwhen no ones home and youre out of toilet paper...
Cano just never runs hard to first base.
where da fuq are you? also, creeped on your other videos && am loving these clips.
Great talking to my LB today. We teachers have to motivate one another.
I hope you take the time to look at my twitter long, it would mean a lot... and Justin, thank you again.... Happy Birthday <3
Thanks everyone who came out Thursday night, it was a great time. I think we kicked Bullshit's ass...
Im playing at the brick by brick in sd this thursday at 630 with my band..cruise out!!
Happy friday to you, man!
Stop right there that's exactly where I lost it. See that line well I never should have said.
I went downtown & whooped dat mail box ass dat fied on u last weekend cause we don't play dat shit
"Why isn't the keypad working? Maybe this is a Windows 7 bug." -my husband, sitting next to me, speaking of his work laptop....
Cant Stop Listening To Taylor Issues <3 (:
great!il check them out thanks :)
Class has started, to get an "A" n my class what would u do? Don't come to my class half stepin
When will or other quality #kdrama services besides give us iOS apps?
Meek Milly signing with Roc Nation... Another reason why Jay Z is one of the biggest cash cows in the music industry
what's up with that secret serum???? Whey and what else? Good stuff.
Stressed but blessed
Live at congo square. Love it.
Kill it brother #GOSPURSGO RT : Spurs v Clippers 930pm eastern...Game 1 of Round 2, TNT tune in...
Mitt Romney set in motion the Skynet bankruptcy.
thanks! I was confused as hell! I'll be there man! Chitown
Any type of brand integration will enjoy a bigger bang when it’s socially activated.
The CD Release was a HUGE success!! Thanks to all of my fans, family and friends!!
I can't sleep with socks on, I don't know how people do it. MY FEET MUST BREATHE.
Thanks for the follow , , , , and
lol I need to b there wit ya
Thanks for stopping in ! How was everything?
Okay, social media overdose. Time to spin it down
The Silk Tie likes Michael!
lol I do that too
Searching for Network Programmers looking to join a A Seattle based studio. Ping me -
RT : to the bears haha WOW. Back with his BFF."
Only if you want to suffer the pain and heartache of humiliation and rejection!
Cute runners. If only my MT814ATs came that way.
Cleaning my apartment 45min before the maid service gets here. This always reminds me how shameful & dysfunctional of a human I am.
we just observed history this afternoon in the NBA.. great game! i got to say i was losing hope at the end of the 3rd. #BROY was amazing
The State Police have barracks on Martha's Vineyard? Or did they come over on the ferry?
He will be publishing a version in AIR, I am happy to report!
Had a 5year old tell me today ...ain't today Saturday...I sad yes ...he said o ya yall go dumb on Saturday's ....all I could do is lol
Stopped at 500 since prior version was a Twitter List, which is capped at 500.
We Never Talk On Phone, Yet We Are So Close :) #Snowflake .
Size 12 Is Not Fat is a blast to read.
who needs a television when you have crazy neighbor drama happening right outside your window
agreed! And I think best dressed!
I feel your pain: years of phone anxiety are embedded in my psyche.
"Great thing about mod_rewrite: all the configurability/flexibility of Sendmail. Downside: all the configurability/flexibility of Sendmail."
OH in VGW chat room: "Diablo 3 beta is up and includes Macs. How do I play" | "Click on things till they die. Pick up stuff. Click again"
Hi love! Doin great! keepin busy! Miss Usa is around the corner! ahh I cant wait! How are you?
Sound libraries are a ridiculous sometimes. Yes, I too can press keys on a synthesizer.
Very cool, thanks! I think I'll have students read the code as an exercise.
bob dylan
haha oh. How old r u now
thanks! Sorry, I thought I included you on the email when I left.
When auto correct puts shot instead of shit <
do you have a link? I wanna use it on my radio show Monday morning!
lmao yikes, I'm scared! ;-) or intrigued
Out of the 5 girls on the bar, all of them have great asses.
I love being back in NYC! Amel Larrieux concert tonight. Woo hoo!!
anotha restless/ sleepless night.
I wish someone would come over & keep me company while i babysit this lil rascal. lol
This is my summer.. #Guaranteed, I'm gunna grind my fucking ass off man! There's too much motivation in front me right now!
thanks buddy, I'll text you tomorrow, it's going to be a LONG day
I'm interested in how one might achieve a synthesis between principles of the Buddha and real Christianity... Monasticism? Perhaps..
lmao!!!! You are a mess!
Working at the Cracker today! Gotta get my ass out of Sheboygan and back to the city in which I work....
Why am I still tweeting..
haha! She looks all innocent and shit, too. Im snickering to myself over here
Life is not waiting for an ACE-Life is playing the hand you were dealt- InSpotter app
Glad you are back! RT : reformer class ! back in the saddle; hadn't taken Pilates in a couple of weeks
Thanks to everyone who followed us back!
LA's is using mobile tech to give day laborers & domestic workers platform to tell their stories.
We are open tonight - the Sunday 4:30 Hot w/ Bethany and the 7:oo Tibetan Sound Immersion are on. I'll post here by 8 am with Mon. updates!
maybe there will have been a mixup at the archive factory last night and all my documents will now be wacky and chocolate dipped.
Kanye is not so good at sincerity. I guess because he still makes it too much about him, even when he has a good gesture. (re: 2008 grammys)
follow me on viddy natalieeerose_ ill follow back :)
Well the evidince is gone
Pretty sure your not suppose to be 20 years old with a son living with your parents and younger sister, but hey I didn't fuck up my life..
You don't marry someone you can live with - you marry the person who you cannot live without. ~ Unknown
i love you more
Do any of you live in Oregon?!
we wish you could be here too!
Wow, still stuffed the morning after my wife's birthday dinner!
Tomorrow is the day we take to really sit and give thanks for all the things we have, make sure you spend it with the people you love most
yeah, get back to work
They keep feeding actual over wrestlers to Clay, that what really sucks!
High school journalism teachers: Do you teach 'literary' journalism or long-form, narrative journalism?
90% of websites are crap! Learning how to be the 10% from
is everything ok over there?
May God comfort you to know that he listens to everything on your mind and is already planning how he will ease your troubled mind. -PMJ
says visualization isn't enough "control panels are half the #DataViz story"
So having a good bday cant wait till I go to flordia
i'm in facebook
Hey Canada - how about two out three? ;)
"Bitches can call bitches bitches."
my mom is not entirely convinced that the catnip is effective on cats. She is convinced, however, that the squirrels love it..
We will be live-tweeting excerpts from tmrw's events with the Congressional French Caucus, re: #nuclear waste. Watch this space for more!
classic as always.
Toilet paper commercials make it seem like I'd be cuddling and playing with that shit.
when are you ustreaming? :)
fascinating Romney prep-school story. Read like a YA novel.
Everytime I hear HAM Session and says " I'm scary" I laugh.
Hope all is well Peter! Its been awhile. I have more #GreenRiver with your name on it here.
real shit I need a girl in my life like she badder then a 3yr old & she know how to hold her man down..... You the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> ma
Hey, you want to go on a photo adventure with me? I'm determined to get pics at New Jackson Hotel.
#Indians v #White Sox game tonight --starting pitchers: McAllister for the Tribe & Axelrox for the Sox
miss u to cuzo
haha oh true...im getting my hours changed
Successfully did my 14 mile bike commute with my PowerCranks! Clipping in on start after stops at red lights was the hardest part.
Thanks! If you are in LA, come see it! xo
Wears jeans twice in a row no one cares, wear a shirt twice and your suddenly a poor homeless freak in everyones eyes
so true. I was hoping you would say it was a joke...
but leftover sweet potatoes were practically made for plastic forks.
It was a pleasure to meet all of you! I am honored to have had the privilege to speak and tell my story. Thanks!
Is Art Basel pronounced Art BAH-zl or Art Bazzle?
Just finished watching tonight's ep of #GameOfThrones and the ending was beyond disturbing. Waiting until next week is gonna suck!
I have 7 minutes to get dressed, pack my stuff, and make tea.
there will be a T&P element to it that faculty could use. It will measure both quality & quantity of participation
In the studio wit DJ Loui and Trey!! (not beatz)
#1DFollowWE1DIRECTIONERS gotta get those tickets
OMG yeah Of course :) you can use everything you want when I tweet you :D and u don't have to credit me ;)
shes evil lol trust me she's mad at me now cause i just woke her out of her slumber. Cause she was in the way.
Rest in peace Bella! We will miss you!!! :'(
hoping to encourage eating of arugula by daughter by referring to it as "wild italian green, called rocket". plus goat sausage and spuds
I saw #AmericanReunion last night, I would say if you liked the other American Pie movies, go see this one. You won't be disappointed.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Viva la Vida fest last weekend! We thought it was a great success.... what did you think?
Roberta Flack on Kevin Costner to CNN, "they let Whitey speak at Whitney's funeral."
Check it out: just joined Twitter.
I would argue that "working longer" doesn't always mean "working harder."
Job opening for Flash designer, must be good;
Because of you i play on the safe side so i dont get hurt.
Sheesh I can't catch a break. Gardner, Ellsbury, Morse and now Jennigns all on my DL.
thanks for the RT!
you alive princess?
wheres the link?
Two martinis and I'm shnockered. Got to work on building up tolerance before archives conference season.
each and every one!! No film, all interviews. Poise, humor, voice. Dopelganger.
There is no greater feeling in the world than progress and getting goals accomplished.
#WeAllNeed to Keep Positive People In our Circle In Order To Achieve Greatness
If you could only see you the way others do........:-) Not using a To Do list each day is like taking a long trip w/no GPS. Easy 2 get lost.
I dont have windows to open, but I do have a balcony off our staff lounge. I am more productive there in nice weather.
i notice effort trust me
Back to the beach.
I'm exhausted a nap and then more studying.
- Welcome! Can't wait till your site launches! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
u been in America to long to be fucking up on complete sentences.
Bear, ball, duck, dog, cat.
Haha If only congress would spend as much time on understanding the ramifications of a bill as they do thinking up its acronym
yes to #VMworld12 not entirely sure about #Synergy :)
aww thanks for checking on me luv!
#Hope affects our lives with either its abundance or its abandonment....
she's always been more of a possession receiver.
Late to school.. but who cares? Only 2 and a half days left
follow me plz plz follow me
sounds delicious!
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist put a ring on it
yeah whatever dude
Cheesy pickup line of the day! Tell this to your gf,wife or to any beautiful girl.Damn, if being sexy was a crime youd be guilty as charged!
Avoid spray paints, most of which are solvent based. Use paintbrushes and rollers instead.
Man fuck these bitch ass nigguhs ;*
I didn't think it was gonna be this hot today.
Why is all the interesting Schelling scholarship written in German?
He's trying to revive his career by freeloading off others tweets.
I WOULD. I WOULD GO RIGHT NOW. COME TO TEXAS. c:
Rock Bottom Brewery : Lunch- patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food. Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
Did you get my email with my resume that was not attached to the first email?
Shyne Calls Himself a 'Legend,' Diddy His 'Brother' & Speaks on 'Gangland' LP
love the
Your children will grow up in a world without a keyboard & mouse -- AND so will you! #soslam The movement is already happening...
An superb Vw car dealership in Phoenix let you obtain the fastest ...
Bout to go out to Joyce Leslie and Khols with and Christine bbl <333
Thanks, Brittan! I also saw on your blog that you have a jobster? Can't wait to hear more about it! <3
Happy Thanksgiving(:
oh, you're the real shizz now! my response to your last tweet just put me at 100 tweets from
Good luck with the ideas!
#AlexIsATrueGentleMan This is so true (: <U+2665>
Landslide by Fleetmac
you didn't eat fries did you?!
Well he's a bad boy, but it feels good though.
going to the mall today ig
did really have a baby?
Expats, by Chris Pavone. spy thriller taking place in Luxembourg, not my usual thing, but I lived in Lux in college!
I'm awake! Mostly reading election results in NOLA. Some upsets in yesterday's election...
Feeling under the weather ...blah
DC Start Up Weekend at Georgetown U as a mentor to teams. Check out
Lurve you too woman
Chris Davis single to right drives in 2 runs with a throw to the plate too late!! 9-0
Who knew anyone liked the Pirates until ESPN decided to give them as much coverage as they possibly could
BART, BART, BART! Why did you go and do something like that, BART? Huh, BART, huh, huh, why?
At the Myd for men's vball. How could the Hawaii team be so pale??
Needs summo followers
What do you call someone in the White House who is honest, ethical, intellectual, law abiding, and truthful? A tourist.
loving the winter party pool party in south beach.
#Huguely jury is sent out to decide how to proceed. Judge says he could stay until 10pm.
Sometimes I would like to ram a pitchfork up my neighbor's ass. In other words,
no, they'll go higher
The MAB Public Art Subcommittee meets today at 3pm - City Hall, Rm 303 w/special guest The Arts Board meets at 4pm - Rm 301A.
Hey, my friend has this cat...and it makes too much noise all the time! God, I wish there was a product for that. Any advice?
“: The planet uses 300 billion paper cups a year, 200 billion in the US! Big changes from redesigning one cup!”
#3DAYS TILL BOYFRIEND!!(:
We just submitted a new client proposal. Looking fwd to partnering with some great organizations in 2012.
Some flights cancelled at O'Hare after hail-damaged planes grounded in Dallas. No Southwest planes damaged. Go online/call if flying today!
Question? What do you think of the Mall? We just added a Chaturbate 100% Free link in Stores section of the Mall. Tell us what you think:)
can't tonight have prior obligations
iknoww huh lol how you been, what classed you taking?
I did something I wasn't supposed to do today and thought of you. :)
what about mom?
So I'm...Pururun? (Thanks, Wikipedia!)
Please follow us on Twitter for our real time Stats and Updates
<-- Never had a flu shot. Never had the flu, either.
On my way! #SHRM RT Looking forward to hearing tomorrow speak about
Mother nature must be bipolar cause this weather is retarded..
i really want to hurry up and get to my 4,000 tweet already sheesh!
Watching my girl at gymnastics practice awesome!
Aww Thank you! :]] and followed!
Thanks for the tweet friends! This is quite an interesting concept.
Merry Christmas y'all!
also* oops.. Haha
Seeing all these great pics of IMATS all day...awesome! Can't wait to go tomorrow!!! Keep them coming!!
me either, it takes time.
lol yeah for sure, whenever just hmu
I go hard So hard !
n 3 n
I liked Colloquy
Watched Limitless last time in Calculus class, now we're watching Insidious. I wanna watch Inception next !!
Both. Then again, my high school was overseas so it's always something I mention.
omg may go lol!!;)
Miss u mom
Zac brown band tonight? That's a possibility!
I eat peppis waayyy to much now
I wanna go home.. dammit!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me maybe(;
"Alcohol, it fuels the desire but kills the performance"... Not necessarily sure I agree but I kinda like the quote.
Thats what I'm saying!!!!
vampires? Or Puritans?
"Goldfarb looks at the early signs and first tremors that announce the birth of a better world" #Reinventing #Political #Culture, out...
FADE IN: <film flicker> g gah <flare> gllliii tchhhh h <light leak> edit i in g <light leak> FADE OUT:
thank you for the mention! Have a great day :)
Happy easter!!! :)
“: can't fkn wait” we're ready for you to rip it sat may 19
what the hell?
Getting ready to head out to trio me an the queen
=] are u still at the venue?
Pretty lights just signed on for freepress!
3 Rat City Roller Girls detoxed with us last year. Come on back ladies - 'tis the season! Call in for a special rate for repeat detoxers!
Thanks! Hoping to order within the next week or so - think they can help me out if I ask at the store now?
Hey I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Your allusions are horrible and strange.
well said
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
When u think differently on how to leverage sm, it opens the possibilities
they both leaving to start their own project up
Macaroni? More like Smacaroni. You woulda been all over that Helper.
I tried splitting myself in two but it didn't work out so well :)
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune.
is that kim?
that wasn't the dreads. That was because of what u did after u woke up! Lol.
i haven't ate all day, and i'm debating if i should or not; i could get drunk a lot faster.
S/o to for hooking it up with a drink at lunch
Person familiar with move confirms that #Jets have signed K Josh Brown, giving Nick Folk some camp competition.
I certainly don't!
Penalty shot... this should be interesting...
A great week again. A challenging week, but a great week. Bring it on Tucson, call us with all your problems. We are a can do alarm company.
Gas Works Park in Seattle gets gorgeous paint job- Rich Haag's work shines again for the beauty it is! Thanks to all who made it happen.
Home after a great 3 days at mom's. It was good to see everyone, but it was also good to get home and curl up with my baby and the dog.
really hoping to rock the showcase in NYC this year! good looks to for consistent;y providing opportunities.
I agree! >> RT Thought MIP was beautifully shot and lit. Awful script. A waste of Cotillard.
that feeling is honestly the worst!
I'm mentioning you as someone worth following, so my #EBUS118 students will be able to see that for themselves!
Sucker is code. RT: just choked on my sucker.
If is a good example of the people you know, I can see why.
the best listeners will end up the smartest-Charlene Li and Josh Bernoff
what's the right lane for?
i just pulled the trigger.. finally
meant Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl, but you get the point.
RT : Idea: have a classroom of people tweeting to create a collective set of notes that could be compiled. Your thoughts?
of course you had to ruin it while calling me a loser
Boston-Edison neighborhood, Hines Dr, E Jefferson/Lakeshore
r u changing ur plans today b/c of incoming snow? give us a shout before 5am-- we'll post responses on our 4:25am newscast!
I find my peace 2night and understanding more n more, what's meant 2 b, will b...
Disappointed with the last few versions of WP.
#iAlwaysWonderedWhy LA has some many basketball teams !??!
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Rape is not about sex. Rape is about forcing one's power and control over another person to humiliate and degrade!
Woo I guess so! :D
naturally! I loved school dances.
feeling nostalgic for a video of just 30 days ago. just goes to show how fast things are moving theses days.
Happy birthday Theta Omicron chapter, installed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology on April 26, 1986!
One of those lovely morning where my body unnaturally decides to rise @ 6am....#coffeetime Preppin for my afternoon audition!!
preciate it.. followed back
Do you have a special look planned for your Valentine's date? If you need any help, don't be afraid to give us a call!
Is it some sort of oxymoron for politicos to complain about having to work on President's Day?
I just got Tweetdeck for Chrome. Well...that's about the opposite of productivity.
all current and former UMW #ds106 students, let your friends and enemies know that #ds106 is coming to summer session. 10 weeks, all online!
I could get used to having a crappy website!
Ayye good morning
You're welcome sweetie
Is it time to release Pat Riley from his carbonite freeze?
I love the lines and contours and sounds of streetcars of all eras - these 50s jobbies have a submarine quality to them that I find alluring
how is NYC?
House IS open tonight and the show will go on. It's just that the phone line is down.
I know that, just feel bad about you having problem.
I def would!! Except in underwear ads.
Class of 2012 dont leave me...
The Arnold Fitness Expo is like the gorilla exhibit at the zoo if all of them were wearing Affliction t shirts.
Falling way back from now on
If someone wants to buy me Anthony Green tickets for June I would love you forever.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 6
Could I get a shout out and a follow for a birthday present please? My birthday is May 19! I Am A Huge Fan Of You And The Boyz!
Calling on Ky Rep Chandler, and others.No cuts to the programs that provide a lifeline for people in need.
Thanks for a great webinar today! Learned a ton!
Loves that all my fears and worries go away just from the sound of your voice.
Lol wtf they're playing yonkers at the clippers game
I'm really frickin tired, ugh. I don't want to go to church. /:
aww I love you too and it's ok we'll get through it together and I feel the same way!!!
He did more for the game than you could ever imagine. Al Davis... JUST WIN BABY!
If you say no to racism and encourage your children to make friendships across racial lines, you can make a difference in one generation.
Its either do business with vultures or deal with unemployment
Ready to see you kill it on the field this year.
I'm at Wing Bowl. (looks at list) Check.
Omw to #Work about to bus out 12 or 13 hours today
What a great day! I mean, the sun was one thing but everyone who came in was so HAPPY! Cupcakes + sunshine = love....
This guy was a huge fan of so the brand sent him a birthday box with a bunch of presents, giftcard, etc.
FREE anything at walmart! , www.downow.info watch to end, then enroll www.dowsite.info I supply 125 leads a week, my info is on the site
I should have went to the PALACE tonight MAN!!!
#UseATwitterNameInASentence is best friend but he dnt fuk wit me no more :-(
In DC w/ fellow grad student leaders about to meet w/ #WhiteHouse staffers on #gradschoolproblems. Man, I've missed this town.
In his defense, Dove Valley is in kind of a weird location. RT : Broncos say QB Tim Tebow has finally found the complex.
": It's not fair how you take advantage of the fact that i love you."
When guys my age call 14 yr old girls beautiful... Uh
I can honestly say, "I'm pooped!"
Rainbow Co-op Market should have some. 1745 Folsom St. Whole Foods Potrero Hills should also. 450 Rhode Island St.
never mind looks like a problem with the UPS not your service.
lol you're a horrible bestfriend.
Pretty lame that you can "draft" a review on the app but you can't post it.
First day of work went great. met a New friend and we both were put on as full time staff. :-) ayye lol
Today's an off day for me. Either that or everyone else is off.
if I do that and you don't show I will pay dearly! How about we see you if you come back to Pittsburgh! Coming anytime soon?
dear SNL , when is one direction gonna host ? love , the world.
It's another great day. The Almighty contours to smile on all of us, even me.
and NEVER GRADUATE
i love you so much Enjoy Your Day!! happybirthdayjanet
Considering a short sale....better get it done by the end of the year....call me for info
Sure wish I was in #Houston2012 right now watching this race. All of you twitterers are doing a great job, though, keeping me updated.
20 MORE MINUTES AND IM OFF TUMBLR POST LIMIT jsnjnshjah finally shit
Morning wood, need to cum, so watching gay porn. Wish I had a real muscleman with me right now.
Watching huBz play black ops is getting boring Z
trying to recover from 6 weeks out of the country.
will be selling at the Flea this holiday season!
I would do something like <life> on one wrist and </life> on the other, haha
Thinking back on it.. I read The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood at a "too young" age. Such a dark book.
I want you to want me.
At the Grad Resource Center for a presentation on EndNote. How do you manage citations? Come on over.
Nothing better than snuggling with a cuddly furry puppy on a cold rainy night!!!!!!
Yes!! RT : Anyone else tired of hearing about Peyton Manning??
Rejected. I just wanna crawl into a hole now.
MSU Vocal Jazz Ensemble with Sunny Wilkinson Thursday, March 31; 7pm at P2 in Old Town its farewell performance
omg well when you do don't buy a kitten without me. And you should live in Uptown, obviously.
So over this morning
Hey! Enjoying the gorgeous spring here in DC. How are things in Ohio?
Well that was an utterly bizarre & completely terrifying dream. *starts writing it down*
One Day You Will Notice All My Tweets And Finnally Follow Me ... Cmon Please? Help A Mahomie Out <3 FOLLOW PELASE? <3 <3
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
going to school. peace!
I also misspelled, misspelled, until just right now too, big learning day for me
Where can I read more about this?
in school almost done! Hbu?!(:
Worse #pandora commercial: Prof Burk gimmick from Univ of Farmers (Insurance) or the Inventions dude with the receding hairline?
Today's the day for you to Be Great, Be Inspirational, Be Extraordinary, and most of all
how is everyones weekend going!? (: my spring break is almost over ):
Maybe I'll see you at the game!
heard the #sfgiants might be interested in the Prince Fielder after all...
So what is the role of educators in cultivating mindfulness? How/when/where does it happen in academe?
Coming up on #nightbeat...latest details on Clayton Co. schools decision not to cut athletics and fine arts + reaction from students.
Step it up a notch Detroit!
Z. Frank talking about developing "window" of action in plays for data analysis . . . 10 speeches per window
hey, your the only whore bag I want.
Check your phone!!!!!!
hahahaha yeah I've gotten Pam Grier a few times..its the nose! Lmbo!
Looked up Western Sky Financial today. APR of 342.86% on a $850* loan. *Includes loan fee of $350, borrower really only gets $500.
Ben Folds rocks it.
Just want to be playing guitar right now.... School is such a bummer....
Ah lmao RT : lmao I heard there's a 2pac feature on that one.
When ordering e-liquid, don't forget to compare bottle sizes with pricing. Many offer liquids for $8 but you only get 7ml (over $1 per ml)
Tweeting from my wii swagg.
Pat Robertson just walked by. He is older than thought, stooped. Got a cheer from one and waved in reply.
Those Japanese know good humor...although that was the best Cyndi Lauper impersonator I've heard in years.
go get em, big boi... All of Milwaukee's behind you!
This is crazy, but I trust you... <U+2665>
Congrats to Philip Humber!
My parents just got home with Chinese.
3.5hrs in OHSU ER: I have never waited this long and it's unfortunate it had to be this visit... If you need an ER in PDX:
SWEET! Hey what's the best way to chat? Want to email me? OR call me at 858-573-6500
JUST A REMINDER! NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING THE 12TH & 13TH. SEE YOU THERE!
dats my intimidation face...
Sox just announced 72' Throwbacks (Red Pinstripes) for all Sunday Home games
what happen hun
airplay? Really? Cool, thanks!
Lol. RT : Ok the bobble head dolls are creepy. WTF.
One Direction is so AMAZING!
yes, bobby mcboyboobs
See you on the other side Uncle Zay - if I'm fortunate enough. I miss you already.
Good luck!
In America, online consumers will google "motorcycle tires"; however, in the UK they would type in "motorcycle tyres".
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
RT : People are right to be angry. But it is also right to be worried about where populism could take politics...
on the bright side...it's the last day of classes!
Made it back from Savannah in time for another Go-See. Getting ready for event weekend no. 21!
TRIBEFEST in Vegas & attendees make sure 2 check out Gift of Life booth here & register to build the list of transplant donors 2 save lives!
what???? I don't think I can do that!
Oh hey caffeine addiction. Thanks to finals we're reacquainted. Did not miss you at all
I'm Red
10 weekcs later, and I proudly proclaim... "to hell with math". Glad I passed... now it. Can kiss my ass...
haha CANT WAIT....its the best summer!
Someone made me want to go to the fair and get on the zipper :( i cry
#MixedRaceProblems , People Think Juss Cuz Our Hair Is Good, It Can't Ever Get Nappy. Yes It Can.
And my fucking headache starts now this lady gets on my last fucking nerves
Ill be in Boston for marathon monday but until then no immediate plans to be up in the NE...hopefully that'll change though
Dang it, Dang it, Dang it
Teens: Bloomfield performs @ tomorrow's Coffee House. It's FREE! Open 7-11pm, show @ 8:30. 311 S. Madison. BE THERE! ;)
Played 10/25 cash last night. Lots of good young players. Game wasn't good but haven't played it in a while so not sure how it usually is.
Blackouts of Fox covered weekend games really decreases the value of You'll want to consider that before subscribing.
Were sorry to hear that! You should check us out, we are here to help in time of burglary!
Awesome work, all around! I needed my soul fed! :)
In celebration of International Women's Day, I have decided to cook tonight.
thanks for the follow!
you already know boo :)
I dont talk to you anymore for many reasons!
Yelp is funny.
congrats to , getting a well deserved diploma tomorrow
i just wanna say #HappyMothersDay t all the mother out there especially the single ones
Btw that's the sound of the red sox bullpen coughing up ANOTHER game
want some company or you just riding around your neighborhood
How many jobs does Ryan Seacrest have? Lmfao I feel like he's a million different people with 94873458237457236 jobs!
I don't care what anybody says, but I love Journey and Def Leppard.
i was thinking of you when i hear about this session. Glad u could be there
Thank you god always -> Tyga.
PET OWNERS, I have a question. In case of a nuclear evacuation, I heard all pets are to be left behind. Is that true??
inFamous for the PS3 is "Grand Theft: The Force Unleashed"
In 5-10 years those guys will charge top dollar for their services.
Coronary artery disease occurs when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart. #FACT #WomensHealthWeek May 13-19
Prep Jerks Spring/Summer 2012 “Another Brand we LOVE” « Vivid ...
A child miseducated is a child lost. -John F. Kennedy
Did he say "nipple to nipple"? Made me blush.
Premiere information being released soon. Stay tuned.
Josh Satin might get the call!!
#Mostinappropriatethingssaid2me I would drink your dirty bath water
I can't.....YOU SHOULD DO A CONCERT IN VEGAS!!!:) AND WILL YOU ANSWER MY QUESTION TO ARE U SIGNED??????:)
Noma cookbook = most amazing food porn
lol, mom didn't entirely agree. But oh well.
smh no its not stop lying to yourself
Like & Smile.. one by one
Cant sleep !
I'm indulging myself by reading 's Signs of the Zodiac book series. The first in the series is only .99 on
lol who said i was playin wit yu..? i dont play games or run games so i cant play wit yu haha.
Working w/ to produce all-weather SOAP Notebooks to monitor patient assessment and management. Stay tuned for more deets!
Brand new pimple on my face . Great
I don't think I've been through more bureaucratic red tape than for moving a cat overseas.
Hey Jeremy. How's the Memphis house market?
Don't forget we are open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day!
You know what to do if the baby cries....
yes I followed u back
Ben Sollee is a hero of mine and plays on Natives and the Pass are a secret obsession of mine. Great list.
Fly For Free This sweet deal just in from our partner Alaska Airlines! Apply for the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature card and receive upon a…
hahahah nice typo...
Thank you for the kind words! I am glad you enjoyed the post!
Hugs. Thank you.
It depends on what race it is.
Chillin' at #WynnLasVegas! Our view of the strip is am-ah-zing!
Daniel Craig is a badass. #cowboys&aliens
Head is less shiny, tho
#605campus "...I wonder how we can effectively promote something we've never used." how true!
A guy was out fishing with his buudy. The friend asked you went fishing with your girl did you catch anything? He said I don't know yet.
am going see my cousin
Re-doing my Twitter, lol unfollowing everyone that shouldn't be there. Starting to like this more then facebook
Proof once again that these are some of the hippest librarians and technologists you'll ever meet. :) MT Yesh.
Running the Bellco Colfax 5K? Packet pickup is Friday, 5/18 at the Health and Fitness Expo, or on Sat, 5/19 - race day 7:30 in City Park.
Jeremy Lin is not playing... Why is UW here?!?!
Seems like you had one of the most amazing Wednesday's ever yesterday!
Networking and learning great combo at Sales & Marketing Society Feb 15 Luncheon Speaker Sheila Champlin UT Health Science Center...
great thanks. Big time fan. Keep up the great work!
HEARTS BLO DRY BAR!
One class today
Schilling: if ex-Catholic was a denomination, they would be 2nd largest in US. Could rethinking Cath Ed be a solution?
it's a 2007 model
oh god hehe x
In 2 minutes, I'm forever done with high school.
FINALLY.... I can see my Home Feed! Eureka!
RT : If you're planning to join us at TCF Bank Stadium for practice Saturday, the practice time has changed to Noon.
sometimes I do Counting Crows. Same thing. 1999-2001, August and everything after. Santiago canyon college.
Oh, Miss Tressler, I wish you only the best.
I love a girl with confidence
It's been so long since has UStream! Can't wait!
#GOPATS 13-10 now let's kick it into to gear we need a big second half!
<3 to ALL too!
When ur on facebook on ur ipod & ur scrolling up & it lags & u think u accidentally liked something but ur not sure what & now u wanna know
Mackintosh Joins CCH as EVP and GM of Tax
Just bought a polo duffle bag. #Chyeah <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><U+26F3>
did you use our one with austin mahone thats on your science binder LOL
Headed to Chick-fil-a to get me some chicken biscuit during 2nd period
"That was creepy," #140cuse Acknowledging what you said is creepy doesn't make it any less creepy. Sad, but true.
thanks “ Whipping up some of 's punch for MKE meeting!”
going to sleep now. (: thanks !!!
Adults in Hickman are so PETTY and STUPID!!!
Had a great session last night with my mentor, I learned some audition techniques for commericals- Enjoying the actor's life!
RT : Catch Ken & Colin and get your picture taken with the pedals ads to win a free sticker.
+ give students choice to be attributed as an author
exploring pottermore, nbd ;D
Can't wait to check out your website and resources. Glad to add you to my PLN!
You are angry. I once picked on Kordell stewart on twitter. He replied the same way. Id like to think you are the bigger man.
I've been avoiding hims for weeks
Sometimes the decisions made in this country truly disgust me.
totally! RT morning to you too. Creativity is definitely the best way to survive these gray Seattle days.
Charity Alert: has joined force w/ other Southport merchants. Donating 10% of sales to on March 31!
When people get someone's phone and say stupid shit...
Free Wine tasting on Thursday 4-6 PM! Raffles for Gift cards and bottles on wine. Complimentary hor dorves and cheeses! FUN FUN
mean to hhurt myself its just the way my body reacts even on medication it still reacts the same way
fo sho. We need to visit
RT : "And if I fail? I've never been afraid of that. I have other fears - doing bad work knowingly is the worst fear." -...
What do you use for iPhone tethering that doesn't mess with your voicemail?
Call me maybe?lol jk:p
Might as well tell the truth.. I probably know it anyway.
We're dropping some cool developments this week. Stay tuned.
#WTF what happen to Amy Winehouse??? damn man!
There are so many white presumably cis-men in this room right now. I'm going on a rant on Monday about inclusion in the music scene.
it's your birthday? Have a good one. I'm not sure the Louisville nightlife scene is ready for you tonight.
Me 2. Little things can be "crossed off" more easily. I think the trick is 2 break the big strategic things into little things
Never underestimate the POWER of a praying mom!
Thanks for the follow! My wife and I just married on Folly Beach on the 10th - we love Charleston!
Thank you :)
today is a good day
according to my life me and zayn will have beautiful babies that look just like him. thank you for your concern.
Its ya b-day tomorrow bruh??
Alan, thank you! It was good to see you and to be able to contribute. Take care, Rich
LOL It's not exactly what you think...check it out and let me know what you think.
gotta still go to dres house for my shit -.- ughh
Bring your kid to work day. 20+ kids just visited the Tech Dept. So cute and they asked such great questions. kids are smart these days.
I know!!! Same. As soon as we're both back we need to tear it up!
Edge water beach resort panama city beach fl I am on the way!
Lol Heck no. We gonna be out in the sun and ima get all black. Smh what you been up too tho?!
So happy for !! Glad things turned out for the best!!
Want to enter to win a one-on-one ride w/ ? Check out www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
Just watched some of the worst NBA officiating I've ever seen. If I did MY job that bad, I'd be fucking fired.
Really like what you did with the Obama pic..
Lots of drama on the streets of NYC tonight
So could you follow my producer AMAZING talent ;) all 3 of us WILL take over music!
way to go young man i wish you many more keep up the good work! and don't drink too much irish beer!
right back at ya. :-) Thanks and keep in touch :-)
neither have I...lol
Would like to see my bestie--->
“: yes but I don't go on til 10ish tomorrow...is that too late for y'all? (no jokes) I'm 40 not 80 punk:)
the most fun kind of course!
Thank you Buffalo Bills! I can now do my happy dance at Mike Barney Nissan!
Excited to be listening to the I Heart My Biz call today!
Nice. i need to know what happens with max and Casey - you were killing me in the last book
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. – Walter Bagehot
Riding in a cab, with a driver on the phone, not hands-free.
Happy Tuesday! Going to see a new client tonight. Life is good:)
I'm going to get this tweeting thing if it's the last thing I do.
not when you play it all day and it stops your hustle!!!
#Pens power play sets up for 30-second intervals for the one perfect shot & that shot usually ends up not even going on net.
The big media corporations have been buying up a lot of the most popular websites - it's unfortunate
<U+2665> is all you need
find our facebook page for group dinners, hotels and such! Looking forward to seeing you there!
different countries, different interests at different times; that year they used in the mag seems like they missed Kelly Kulick??
You're the best.
"To commit a crime, people have to think they can do it without getting caught. Well, cameras take that away." worth a second tweet
yup, we'll save a seat for you
Yo and I ran those BP tables last night lol
Yeah, it's a bummer. There were some great sites being considered for a new baseball-only park, but they all fell through :(
I never been so happy to complete a school year!
I got a heart yes from him c':
Hey - whatever happened to Jeremiah Wright?
This is the last week for you to get your name in for Own your row for Katy Perry..,
I think is awesome. We should talk.
RT If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
triple t
u gotta pay me to be on my remixes cuzzo haha
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- voluntary commitment to excellence + demonstrated results + high professionalism (ethics and professionalism)
the best fighters of every era had the best defense and counter punches.
lol I could... If I liked it. Pepsi is my "drug" of choice. Can't drink red wine either. Very deprived lol
Why dont they just use a jet dryer? Oh, wait...
St.Pattys Day Party Gringos Chandler, Alma School just S.of Warner. admission is FREE, drink specials,Green Beer,DJ DBX...
#ChurchillDowns in May is paradise and hell all rolled into a single square mile.
Former Miss New Hampshire USA faces assault charge
Welcome back from #thanksgiving! We're a little late but uploading our #cybermonday deals. Do they count cos we're a #dailydeal site? ;)
I'm out of touch with the art world. I wish I knew some dope street artists, I want a big graf piece on canvas for my living room
Passing thru Logansport on the way to Lafayette makes me think of :)
Words Cant Bring me Down No Matter What They Say x3
ya it sounds pretty cool actually
I'm kinda thinking about something.
last full day
Thinking maybe I should try one of these "shamrock shakes" ..?
Where are some great places for brunch this Mother's Day?
A bit of foolish arguing this off-season, but at least we are past the re-branding griping.
creepy, next.
- You got my vote.
NOW NOW PLEASE DONT THINK THAT IM READY FOR HIM NOW NOT LATER I DONT LIKE BEING BIG FEET AND HANDS SWOLLEN SO MUCH
Off early this am baby
I already am following but thanx.
In a fuck everyone mood
G, we have to strategize when the three of us will be up the hill and have a dinner party! Bill, you in?
Robyn concert at Hollywood Bowl. Awesome seats ftw!
HHS delays implementation of ICD-10 coding system. And if you don't know what that means, consider yourself lucky!
5 seats left for #Blackbird if you can make it here in 45mins. In LA on a Friday night. Fly?
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggghhhhhhhh. The next few days... will be torturous.
Ok for Christmas I would like a chipmunk... Preferably Theodore! Thanks Santa!
Yeah a little jealous of everyone that got their #Coachella shit today. Not gonna lie.
help me be Oprah tonight:)
I feel like we need to have " isn't leaving" on Twitter repeat.
Let's play Words With Friends. My username is 'angela3t'.
TORNADO WARNING FOR OUR AREA!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#lazyboy for sale in #Charlotte NC. $300 or b/o. #la-z-boy #furniture #sale #recliner. contact or myself
I like that. Life is a big DBQ. Now, craft your own beliefs with the evidence provided.
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID!! This Wed! Apr11th! w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!
I kno i didnt leave it nowhere.....i bet samiah had it...or dubaby....
To be an outstanding leader one must be able to take a back seat without losing control of the steering wheel. – O.A. Battista
u already know its #TeamBulls lol
are all your beats with the $9.99 special???
Them munchies creeping i'm slowly but surly
Again #Rizzles Sasha said she's NOT set to appear at ANY convention right now. They shoot #RizzoliandIsles til September so don't be fooled!
I was so sleepy that... I had to ... I had to drink COFFEE
its so hard to ask my mom something! im scared of the response "NO!" ;o
ill consider it
Let's see how NCAA handles Miami, PSU and S. Carolina. All 3 programs have infractions many times greater than OSU. On NCAA's clock/terms.
Believes those who meet psychological needs through inflicting suffering others are participating in evil; they are weak souls.
Jesus Christ josh
So this parade before the opener, im pretty stoked
OMG valley fair & mall if america todaaaah woo :D
1st big update (more to come): is now ! Make sure to use our new Twitter handle from now on!
I have a full weekend when they are going but I'll be out there the following weekend for debauchery
Another New twitter!!!!????
you at tonight?
#England General Hooker classic American hero until he quit drinking.GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
that SUCKS!
has fun with others' models; comparing Svenonius to FRBR
RT : tonite i will musically do some very nice things to you. Charro 6pm-9pm
thank you!
But still pretty legit....... Now to the pool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
is leaving Enterprise and heading to Saint Albans to see the fam.
An appropriate double-negative. I love it. RT : D-Wade isn't used to not getting the call...
31% of all donations actually go toward helping people... not to mention there are people in your own country that need your help.
Uprise Festival this weekend...JSL Productions main stage with Skillet, Newsboys, DCB, and many more... www.uprisefest.com
Even better TV would be having cameras around when u tell Miss Hazel ur not going to let her spend $$ on ur Granddaughter!
next year you should make it a requirement to call from a landline & run people if they don't. Phones shouldn't ruin the calls
OMFG NIALL AND CHER brb crying this is so cute
is tweetin up a storm!
yeeeh buddy. Thanks frank, love you fool
Maybe I need to give the ATL Falcons some of my Prednisone pills??
33 more days until the half marathon... Win or lose we still booze ! Good job on 5 tonight!
the windows command line sucks.
Correction - David Burke's Angry Lobster at Fishtail NYC is delicious if you like spicy!!!
I am, but I have a performance and a ton of work to do that day. Have fun!
I can't wait, season 1 was great start to a very anticipated series
Will do, sir, will do!
get it together
You seem fun! Make yourself a regular here
I've have Joy, I have strength, I have favor, I have peace and faith. I have the perfect recipe for success!
It's one of those days where every song sounds extra good!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
cheesecake factory sounds like a sexy idea.
The powdered ball at Odd Fellows Hall last night was a brilliant affair. It's remarkable how much a touch of powder lends to womanly beauty.
A doppelgänger spotted at Sligo. Night done.
Thanks for answering my question. Was truly helpful. I also = :) lol
“Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear the phone is for you.” – Fran Leibowitz
yeah , me neither
Nick Symmonds from Eugene, may have had too much Peking duck and is currently leading with OSU Beaver colored Nike's.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay<<<"let me borrow"...naaa id rather jus say let me have!
“A fool can throw a stone in a pond that 100 wise men can not get out.”
Happy 2011.. I feel like this is gonna be a big year for the wave
Michelle Obama will be at the Nickelodeon’s Kids’ Choice Awards on Sat. to present award to Taylor Swift
Do you think Ovy will ask out of Wash. because of the minutes? Me and a coworker have a bet. I say he is staying. He says not..
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! And to my Mom...thanks for everything! Love ya'!
thank god. You had me worried for a sec. See you later!!! :)
RT & ANGELS PICK UP THE DELUXE VERSION OF iTunes - Music - This Is How I Feel (Deluxe
Geraci would win. His info tape karate is strong.
I dreamt I was locked in a room and Bea Arthur was tickling my sphincter while "See Jane Run" the Lifetime original movie looped. Good times
Enjoy the game and bling RT “: I usually hate jewelry, but tonight, Im going to make an exception :)"
#SomePeopleDont have any respect for others... very sad!
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
I'll have to check it out
the reason dems are still talking is because you cons/baggers never listen to them, you just want everything your way
Take a picture of your dick on I'd cap that and see what it says! Mine said lets get rapey haha!!!
Have a great Spring Break! Be sure to dispose of any garbage and perishables before heading out. Please lock your doors too!
Back to work... A little under two hours to go!
We have Carpark record (vinyl) samplers free with the purchase of CP releases!
Can we all just agree that blow up Christmas decorations are white trash?!?
Time for PUMP YOU UP shout outs for all the Job Adventurers out there!! Keep your focus razor sharp & continue the steps to move forward!
RT I'm not interested in ruling the world, just my own imagination and my own mind. Is that too much to ask?
Touchdown in Burbank. Airport just paged Cesar Romero. I thought he died.
ah sheet
as soon as you follow me...please? I'll be the happiest girl in the world(:
hell yeah, don't deprive him... Lol!!!
mostly just means less is used. data for data sake is pointless, need an end goal
Thanks for the re-tweet!
one BIG ass party!!
I am not sure if setting up a savings account or buying my first #chloe bag makes me feel more like a big girl.
Two men in canoe, photographed in about 1883 at Coranderrk Aboriginal Station ... - The Australian
Laying in bed just took some nyquil waiting..to....fall....asllleeee.....p
so you Guna jock my tweet ? That's craze lol
Well, almost "do or die" time. Don't think I've ever been so nervous in my life!
DUBLIN'S MANHATTAN ~ Jameson Irish Whiskey, Sweet Vermouth, Guinness Float
#IThankGod for all the beautiful things he's put on this earth !
ok so VIP Packages for Mindless Behavior didnt sell all out today during the presale?
THAKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Listen to this vimeo.com/29013816
Seriously. That was horrible after the 1st period. Hopefully we bounce back on Friday.
yeah no problem
I feel bad for tomorrow's date - bad timing. Just started watching SATC & tomorrow will be my 1st experiment with no sex on the first date.
Oh dont worry, it wont be hard to >:)
cause I wanna lay my head on it and watch tv duh.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Accidentally fell asleep and missed the first hour of Betty White's birthday special on NBC... just like she would. ()
What flavor of beef jerky do chicks like for a birthday gift
ok now im a bust down......wow
Hey, thanks for the shout out!
Heart Attack Cafe is delish! I'm sorry, but we don't sell boxing tickets. We sell tix for shows, tours and attractions ^AP
RT : Best part of Corey Hart's moon shot was LF Matt Holliday's non-reaction. Just turned his head and watched it fly.
<U+263A> RT : #Cancer females are great in bed
Which of the following does NOT exist: a. Hot Dog University b. Hamburger University c. Fried Chicken University
haha, one never tells.
Waiting for the van to get serviced at a Chinese-deli-truck-stop. A man's phone rings. Ringtone? "Red Solo Cup"
Breathe Carolina - Blackout
I really want a cat named "Dog" and a dog named "Cat". They would be the best of friends.
Lin picking up where he left off...Bal-LIN!
Moving out? Moving in? Don't lose your deposit to a dirty apartment! www.pghgreenclean.com Call for a FREE estimate! We do carpets!
The horse named after drinking, piloted by a Mexican jockey, won the derby on cinco de mayo. In retrospect...
Congrats Will. Now take out the garbage'.
Thank you Lord for letting me have premarital sex since I was so good through college!
Our cultures have so much to teach one another.
quite a few! :) hope to see you too at the Fanfest this weekend! Do you live in the Atlanta area?
living Sucker Free
Check out what is saying and their website. Love kids? Help by bringing awareness to this sad syndrome. PLS RT
": #wiunion's tide will lift all ships. Get. On. Board."
WHAT IS AIR!??! #Dead xP
No, I'll check it out. Thanks!
haha ik..so what r u going to do in ur bday?
Jakey comes home tomorrow!!
You can always get our CD too. Maybe he'd like that one. No excessive swearing at least!
THEN GO GET 1 AND BUY ME 1 TOO :)
Last tweet was from Facebook. This one's for Twitter:
. Thanks for including us! How's your Friday? Big weekend plans?
I'm claiming that one too Ms. Squire
incredible video! Leadbelly moves from prison stripes to being a "walking archive" at LoC!
Come on Middleton, Wausau, and Eau Claire!
Digitizing Offer! Get your all leftchest and caplogos no matter what the stitch count or size for$15 only. Email:
Camera Fun Time: the Peace Sign done sideways. Have subject make a peace sign. Flip it around & hold it horizontally in front of body. Wow!
Change up was better than I heard it was although it fell apart a little at the end
Never mind! Fuck!
#God answers our prayers by finding a #parking #home for the #Homeless #Coach at AustinRVRent / American Dream Vacations -- THANKS!
Tulipia has gorgeous finds for your home and there flowers are fabulous...unlock the badge and get 40% off holiday decor!
other than Awesomenauts. Can't quit until I hit level 40 I guess
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
Badgers angry about Rose Bowl loss, going to take it out on Spartans on court. That's the ticket.
No! You said you wouldn't follow me! Liiaarrr
and I be #twining with that ombré <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>
Stock markets are over extended. Time to start putting out short lines again. Hedging is a good thing. Banks ran to far to soon.
So, roughly 60% of Michigan's voters are voting against Romney. That's the real news here.
&quot;UFC on Fox 3 - Nate Diaz Vs Jim Miller&quot; Main Card Picks and Predictions: Fan&#39;s View
#MardiGras is today!! Stop in to draw a doubloon and receive 20, 25 or 30% off your purchase! It's quite the deal, if you ask me :)
ohh I dont think I have any :( just wear it anyways and bring like a shirt to wear over it if you get in trouble
he won't ddrink with me maybe he is scared
For attention they wear less. They`re just mad because I still get attention wearing sweats LBS.....
Playing catch up. You know that big Sister program? I need a big sister to help calm the hysterically creative energy swirling around me.
Hope you can visit again soon & have another Dark And Stormy w/us! (FYI, it's Gosling’s dark rum, ginger beer, fresh basil)
RT : Mind you, the janitor job was his 2nd. And he spoke no English when he got here.
I have been raving about sports coverage in Italy but Miss Italia on RAI Uno takes the cake. Bush needs to host this. Miss Calabria is best!
aw fudge!! Now I gotta keep up w/ Missouri! Thanks big George, its not like I have enough to keep up with!! JK, good luck big man!!
that link you just posted was dead
I know!! I freaked out and cried xD he was like "You want a love that consumes you" and she was like "Damon consumes me" gahh
FLES Teacher Ms. Vieyra addresses the Board first wearing RED!! She talks about measurable goals in FLES.
Almost got stranded in the middle of a giant lake on a spider-infested paddle boat.
Let no one be the writer of you life story...
I'm a sucka 4 love!!!
News cycle mewing like a damp kitten.
Rounding out my day for a strong second half. Nothing changes until something moves... Food for thought...
There's no research done prior to booking to see what *gasp* the audience may actually want.
There is nothing like sibling rivalry to push you to reach your goals.Jerry knows this when Joe challenged his toughness....
yo bro im your #1 fan follow me
Par is a golfers best friend...Congrats to Rory McILRoy for reaching #1 in the world.
yeah its insane.
haha I miss Charlie too much. Thank goodness for #AngerManagement!!
BREAKING NEWS: I HATE Josh Beckett
Brand new Green Bay shirts released! www.brewcityonline.com
The next episode of iNickelodeonShow called 'iPremiere Theater' will be on May 12th,right after iCarly!
aint nothin like that gud ol' hangover puke lol if not then
Cruise ship search suspended off Tuscan coast. The ship shifted today making it more dangerous.
Maybe try juicing! Watch Fat Sick & Nearly Dead (not that u are!) - one of the juicers no longer has migraines. Thoughts?
Movie: Pride & Prejudice Book: Pride & Prejudice. I'm a sucker for Mr. Darcy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
is it me or did today seem like it'd never end?
Right through my masculinity. ;-) RT FTR, MY kid likes Owl City, but was agreeing the songs mostly sound the same.
Fernando Rodney is an awesome closer! Comes at you with a 97 MPH fastball then pulls the string with a 82 MPH change up. That's sick.
You got me dizzy running circles in my head.
The lady in front of me at starbucks paid for my fruit & yogurt parfait. Thank you so much!
Mercy. RT: Aceves has faced 5 hitters this year: hit batsman, game-winning single Thurs. Today: single, single, game-tying HR.
thank u sir.
he shoots, he's scored. He's been playing well. I can't ask for anything more from him.
have a great night lol
Love what you do for the #Indy community!
RT : Anne Henderson/Annenberg: Need to move beyond "random acts" of family engagement to systemic work linked to learning & ...
Any gameplay Programmers interested in working on an awesome project in San Francisco?
#tff Any Day Now best narrative & Burn best documentary for the Heineken Audience Award at Trieca Film Fest
im not doin too bad i need to learn to not be so hard on myself!!! Had a great past few days with my ariel beezy=] LUV HER=]
Thanks, Shannon! :-)
Beautiful afternoon to visit SECCA to view By Sea II by R. Brooke Priddy on our lake. SECCA is part of NC Dept. of Cultural Resources
I'm not clear on what shakersNbakers ARE.
La la la la LaHair bomba!
I follow you...you no follow me. Sad face. Lmao!
Will send flight info once I get to the office. Email address?
#replacecodysimpsonsongswithtoby All Toby
I got my cycling upgrade request approved! Oh yeah
girl where are you!?
Hey, I worked 3 whole days this week; I'm entitled to a long weekend. Off to The City.
'Where's your bathing suit top?" Christian to Ed
all those 99%r's become millionaires in three two one!
Want to detox and recharge? Use the same technology the Mayo Clinic does! Call to book a free HydroMassage today! 214-827-5239 (Lady) Ah!
R/T for Victor the janitor!
Its awkward to say the least...
Follow just cause he looks like pac
#DeleteYourTwitter If you tweet celebs all day. Trying to get a followback. STOP DICK RIDING SO MUCH
The desserts at the meetup at West Elm are kinda TOO good. Nom!
Dentist...lucky me
So upset! I had the best lunch prepared for work today and it spilled! Wah :/
preparing to be vegan for a month by eating some cheese today...
Nervous today.....I hate things that I can't control.
: Amen!! Glad to hear from you. Give the little one some cousin #Love and I will speak with you soon. Love you 2 life.
So happy to hear you enjoyed it!!! See ya soon
IRS fillable forms were so buried in the website that I didn't find 'em and had to do the post office at 11:45 thing... BAD USABILITY
. remember she likes mail boxes! (;
Watching the video I made for before she left<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Top 5 AL team OPS stats include 4/5 from AL east. Only team not is Toronto. The AL east is a beast & the are competing:)
ANY DONATIONS TO OUR CAUSE WILL BE MUCH APPRECIATED ~! AND MUCH NEEDED
Thanks to our newest sponsor - who has donated a diamond for a giveaway at the HF-Twestival. Plz thank them!
Truth be told Im shy so if & I were trapped in a elevator 2gether, He would have 2 speak 2 me 1st b4 I would speak 2 him
I just heard that Carrie Underwood is on Idol tonight. I saw her in concert like 5 or 6 years ago.
cuz he's not top 5 bro
happy Friday we made it
yeah let's do that
That sounds pretty cool.
Im pretty sure I hate it more
#Divine Love streams into my life, healing all challenges, harmonizing #relationships, bringing new #loving-kindness into the world today.
Glad your 1st FB game was a good one! Nice to get the W and see some lesser known players emerge and do well!!
I'm the type to love you without demanding. But I do demand you not to overuse that.<3
CONGRATULATIONS TO HOMEAID COLORADO for winning the Eagle Award at the Housing Now conference for outstanding program!
Don't even think about posting pics/food porn. I had peanuts for lunch.
I think we should start a support group for men who's wives/gf's replace them with their kid. lol Cause I'm in the same boat!
when you talk to your dad about a guy asking you out to eat with him <<<
And the winner is... ! Please DM me your address and who referred you to claim your prize! Thanks to ALL my followers!
people wanted to know so here they are 1 more time. skype: marygotswagg oovoo: iamsporty657
Only you, Ms. Bouncy Castle. “: I'm humming "Baby, It's Cold Outside" and giggling. I find myself entertaining.”
you need to get verified, your a Gunner!
ur so random on twitter lol. Just read wut u wrote me haha
RT : Take home after 2 days at #AAA12. Transparency on livestock production done through conversations across all media.
trivia question #203: 1st documented case in 16th-c England, legend connects it variously to St Nicholas and the Druids
How are there no planners for sale at Barnes and Noble?
I just saw your Portland song video on youtube. That was so amazing, u r certainly one of a kind. Thanks 4 making us feel special!
aww!! THANK YOU!
From the looks of my underwear I'd say I just redefined the term "sticky buns".
Wow. If you are a fan of great music turn on now and watch
Where da parties at somebody tell me
Not sure if I've lost all direction, motivation, and my life is falling apart. Or just tired.
"WHERE'S MY TOOTHBRUSH? WHERE'S MY TOOTHBRUSH??" So when he walked away, in the nude btw, his toothbrush was quite noticeable.
It'll get played when Mama Said Knock You Out is done
stay high as a skyscraper. Blowin strong out the white papers
Ha Ha I love it!
If he likes it then he's a keeper! :P
teasing you as usual! Yeah keep me posted when U get hooked :) Are you doing night shifts nowadays ?
Follow me and you won't regret it...
Thirsty Thursday! What r u thirsty for?
2 scoreless innings!!
Who feels like joining me for the Margot & the Nuclear So and Sos show at the Triple Rock tonight? :)
Tomorrow night at The New Parish ...Mwahaha, Races, and EL Ten Eleven .... lets do it.
Did he really do that ? :o OMFG I Need the link :D
I normally don't do this. I'm usually so full of energy
mornings with
that one I didn't :-/
using the grinds from this mornings coffee as an exfoliater #1000usesfor coffee
so true
Damn all of thes guys are hot, I need to be in China
Can't wait til saturday!!!! Why??? Cause I'm going to SCREAMTOURNYC!!!!!!!!
Some people are the literal definition of "hot mess."
I still can't quite believe that Harrison Smith is a 1st-rounder. I mean Justin Tuck wasn't a 1st-round pick.
thanks so much for the well wishes on our one year anniversary! Come to our #pieparty tonight!
LOL I KNOW........ LOL AND HOPE SO I'LL HAVE TO DO THE SAME HOPE TYRESE & KAIDEN ARE DOING WELL LIL CUTIES AWW
me either ... Im so ready to rage to above and beyond <3
Welcome to the team Daniel Reed, and Justin Greenberg!!!
It's time for us to stop being ignorant. The funny thing is that everything is out in the open. Just take the time out to see. It's scary.
Why hesitant? If you want, I'll let you know how it goes with mine, as it comes out 7/31. If it goes well, I'll let you know.
i dont even know whats going on
First off, I blame Boytoy. Second, obviously, I can't eat this week.
Beautiful photo. I'm from Denver too
Creativity=innovation =economic development.
Only in the south is it possible to be struck by thunder..
Oh tonight.
WOW! NEW Thompson Square song in the Spotlight at 8, then WIN Country Cash and qualify for the trip to ACM's in Vegas at 8:05! Yeah!
you got that right
:] how's krump life?
Seriously gonna punch this dude in the face... The more time passes the more Im debating leaving his ass
On my way to this game playin #itsgoindown haha theyre gonna win anyway
I should stop texting the whole world & get my ass to sleep. Lol Can't wait to see my baby tomorrow even tho I got school first ;*
Just had to fire first employee. Smh.
I'm watchin the #teamdelena episode and was Ohh he so sexy! And goes no... Beat her up!(:
I cant wait til you change it to you BG! :D it make me so happy<3 yyou gotta take a screenshot after you do..
very cool where at?
I love how God didn't eliminate all suffering.God was behind the scenes,helping to deal with the mess of life.Even with Maria.
the one with her an eddie
yes would love 2 do no Wea my big booty ass gone work doe!!
#CriminalMinds - awesome show tonight!
As soon as I hear my alarm going off, I get super sad
Fabulous ideas for lucky moms!
yeah haha where dya live in england?:)
Omg, we have become... the UBERCLIQUE!!!
Ohmygosh its Caitlin! I've got lower level bowl seats section 107!!! Ah! Anyone else going? Good luck if you're still trying!
Intelligence, playing with your hair, biting your lower lip, total rudeness, and not wearing a bra in a cold room
tonight here in the Derby City. 9:30 show. Can't wait
Gonna go pick up some really heavy shit, then put it down. Might repeat. Maybe a quick flex in the mirror when no one is looking.
If your inquiry is about books from 2008, I'd agree with Bruce on Groundswell or Crowdsourcing, useful reads both.
Marketing ROI matters more than size. Congrats to recognized as top B2B small shops !
I really think a and concert would be absolutely incredible. Just saying.
A big hello to my good friend who is now on twitter!
bro I didn't even know you were based out of Houston?!
#PunxsutawneyRomney hides from reality! He'll be exposed & it ain't going to pretty! He might have to live in the Caymans!
I think I Will.. Once I Figure out wenn!! =)
double take!
what ux designs have rocked your world lately, whether on or offline?
is alone and happy to be alone, but is he alone if he's online?
Epicurean Group is excited to announce a new partnership with CrossFit West Houston- we now prepare Paleo meals for their clients!
Also, I'm one away from 200 followers. Someone needs to #FollowMe now!!!
I was TRYING to annoy you there. :) I knew you didn't necessarily mean ME. Yes, go eat some popcorn
High school of the dead anime show is mad awesome
Dog show loving it and my Turkey
#WhyDoiAlways have so many inside jokes with
Tom Jackson speculates that bringing Xanders to visit #Manning today is a sign that #Broncos want to get a deal done quickly #obvious?
Bears on the clock
Still waiting for Elvis to pick up his tickets maybe? RT : What's Jerry Glanville up to these days?
i cant wait to hear this... You can tell me all about it when we hang out soon :)
You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei
such a good mod! :)
Wawawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Mistletoe is amazing. Hope you will follow me, maybe someday ist today ?
Thank you for the RT, amigo.
lol. I'm sure.
Sounds like the day I'm having. and I call it the "Nick Massi thud..."
speaking of #fantasy #football. Let me hear your most creative #team #name. Whatcha got for me?
Probably getting my hair redone tomorrow ...
Black-out weds are always epic....Stop by & tonight for a drink or 2! DM for bottles & tables. Its gonna be good
"Ahh, bathroom clowns!" -
Thanks! Sounds amazing!
"RUNNING… Just you and the ground. Nothing fancy. No excuses" via
White Tea >
Having a interesting talk with
I wanna be the one to love you.
how u doing finally back on
I'm going to start wearing bedazzled underwear (instead of pants) everywhere. And crowns. #HONEYBAKED cc:
I cannot believe that the purpose of life is to be happy
So more students, less teachers - LAUSD math! Cartmenez teaching The Man's math so students can do such calculations when they grow!
Justin bieber is gay af
oh no no no... I didn't eat solid food for maybe 3 days.
U bulb with your ugly butt :) J/P U hella fine LOL
Hanging out at the Granicus booth at #icma11...playing games and handing out prizes...just look for the clouds - 301
On another note, for the past 3 days many are mentioning signs of a pending earthquake. Hope it's not true. Be safe out there friends
My arms! Ive never done so many fucking push ups.
yay an I got home last night from Disney World!;p
hahaha we love you to! :)
RT : Seamus "loved" being strapped to the roof of a car, and his assault of a gay classmate was a "prank" according to Romney
I hate auto correction ...
Check out the play running MASTERPIECES tonight & Sat at 8pm: You can't help but talk about it
We install Waltzing Waters on residential or commercial. 305-232-3344
Is there anyone in the NBA who hates post game pressers than Dirk??
I have the worst headache ever :( I just want to go back to sleep
He didn't realize how much the Republicans hated this country!!! ***Rude Awakening!***
Why do I buy "Dry Clean Only" clothes?
I can't wait for to creep on my prom pictures!!!!!
Sweet giveaway sponsored by Make sure to stop by and enter!
Getting the moving truck
It's gonna be a beautiful day today. Stop in for some
Uh I had to wear sandles to prom to not be taller then my date. . . I'm 5 foot 1. . .
my cat is exfoliating my face with his tongue
Its an ugly day today in Oregon .______.
RT : METRO ALERT: Red Line track problem fixed. You may see some residual delays. // if fixed, why delays?
I'm so exhausted.
LadiesandGentleman,you must either be one sex or the other to hear the anouncmts.The MTA does not permit me to make hermaphroditic anouncmts
Life lesson RT Want to blow ppl away at #SXSW? Make eye contact. Ask ppl what they're passionate about. Listen more than talk.
how you doing
then hes gonna need to get like 10assts a game. we cant have a huge dropoff in team offense while lawson rests
- follow for even more suckage.
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting. Hope your short selling lines are out. The Clouds of misdirection are here
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
Just sent you a DM with the details :)
Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation? Come hear on making the move @ Classroom Bldg 205 tmrw at 6pm!
1:30am just got done in salt lake Utah :) so pretty here :) time to get some, Sleep that is ;) lol off to Denver in the morning. Nite nite
Can someone tell me why the Pittsburgh Pirates still exist?
wow i feel all dumb that i just figured out i know who your bf is -___-... im slow sometimes
So hungry. Wish would stop primping and be ready to go already!
Thanks so much for follows.
It's so cool to meet your muse...and know them...perfect
FOLLOW MY PAGE.. I follow back... Thats MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER!!
it's all good in moderation. 1 oz of dark choc on a regular basis can actually be healthy :)
All guys are like "I'm a good guy looking for a good girl" Like no, your really a dick looking to get laid.
go fishing
Does anyone know of a search tool that will query over 100 results for the major search engines?
LIKE REALLY?!! wow
love the rickshaw!! Who's playing?
darn straight. I am excited that you're wearing your jacket.... But now the inventory is all messed up....
RT You know when u hear a friend repeat something u said, but mess it up completely? Now imagine a billion people doing it.
It's Douchebag Saturday at urbanpessimist.com! Watch for articles throughout the day
Everyone should go like our page on Facebook and spread the word. Get your friends and family to like our page also :)
A1: Absolutely not! It depends on the quality of the translation though. #indieview But I also like broccoli
Dinner with some fab. gals hello margs!
1st we're giving you the best night of your year. Then giving you a great chance to win an iPad2...
Kids is one of the only movies my wife refuses to watch again.
And here comes the awkward time when certain dead people get more applause than others.
Nice! RT : Free promos and air time on internet radio station for local bands and solo artists.
Well I can enjoy some Anderson Cooper while I wait. Janet Jackson is on, Topic: Whitney Huston with MJ mentions.
cause they dont like him
Love you RT : I'm gonna miss you! Don't go tomorrow :( :(
So give me what I want when I want it.
I like your idea way more lol
Just met a big one up close on the platform.
YEAH! PUMPKINHEAD!!! 's book just came out BTW! AutoBio
What are the top songs on your recently played list?
Passover Dinner at Institute!
“ That awkward moment when soccer players think their sport is harder than softball" when soccer is harder
I also will have an index in my parody so you can find the sex scenes easier.
Will you be my Valentine..? (: <U+2665>
that akward moment when someone out akward momented you with a better akward moment
my regular number lol and okay! I have work till 10 though but idc what we do we can just watch movies!?Or drink or smoke evs
The thoughts in my head
count me in! Where's it at?
When bitch's lips be hella crusty >
Math + This Asian = The final is gonna be bitch ;D
interesting. what is it?
Aw thanks! how are you?
#WhenIThinkAboutOOMF i just wanna punch em in the throat
Difficulty using hands after an aggressive first day of bouldering - thanks,
parent: are you talking back to me? Kid: umm yeah? thats how you communicate!
Keep on Rollin
What a great experience for n myself w the staff of n ...great times w great peops!
oh makes sense now.
Be 1st in line to get your May 19 #Austin tickets: follow & like WordPressAustin on Facebook.
The power of imagination makes us infinite
Not tweeting much because i don't have anything meaningful to tweet. Lol
Just remembered I have dinner plans Fri, but am free for lunch if that works for you guys.
Can you strain a hammy out of ANGER?
Aren't you so sad about that!? RT : Last time I start my morning by googling "hiv aids los angeles"
Heat isn't keeping the visitors away... Many people here for campus tour/info session. We're keeping them inside! Stay cool this weekend!
Boy: u wanna hear a joke bout my dick? -Girl: Sure! :D -Boy: Nevermind, it's too Long :}
Not a fan?
#giants just had the gayest song to come out to
I love her with all my heart and she doesn't get it......
<just followed this guy!!!
. Michigan-based too, Colby. But I know you already knew this. . .
Clear, but chilly tonight. Lows in the upper 20's. Sunny skies and a high of 50 tomorrow. Temps warm up by end of weekend.
Shout Out To All My New Followers. #FAT. ( Follow Anytime )
that suckss! if i lived near NYC i'd go... but lol i'm from another country so.. :/
Help us welcome our newest mechant, Maui Clothing Company, opened this past weekend next to sister shop #Maui WaterWear.
[agreed!] : Need less rhetoric and more solution based dialogue
Have you been out to Carillon in Southlake TX? Gorgeous Hines masterplan community outside Dallas; touchscreen in sales office, too!
I'm finally back like I never left.
people are ruder more now then ever. Love you JOE !! Keep your head-up !!
4/20: hm yeah smoking is no where in my plans today. Instead, I'm going to class, the gym, and work
I haven't had time to watch but he's an amazing athlete. Support #livestrong where I can.
you didnt rape pr murder me. Youre safe. And we drove thru the desert
oh i tweet a lot
I saw that smile when you mentioned pintrest... lol
Abuse is usually committed by someone a child trusts, and that abuse has long-term emotional and physical implications.
I'm sick of #TimeWarners intent ;-/
Haha If u noticed, the last three hours of tweets have been about the superbowl lmao Shoot me already
are you at SXSW? I'm not, but that'd be neat if you were!
Tsoukalos has awesome hair! Man, this show needs more press...enlighten some closed minds. Epic stuff that makes sense!
Previewing the album and my goodness...not being bias at all, this album is like that! I can't wait til Tuesday!
Sleepy Nate is sleepy.
How can Newt be astounded about the first question?! Its the headline of the day. How could CNN not ask it?
I heard the good News Fam! Thats whats Up!
oh ;P
That is pretty much what ARL policy arm & Library Copyright Alliance do already.
its only right! gonna dm my cell bro
RT Listening to Jaimie Cloud of The Cloud Institute as she works with "New Jersey Learns" and educates for sustainability.
Yeah, I replied before catching upw/ the thread. Wish I could fine the time for more #glamwiki projects. A few ideas brewing.
I have no idea what it means, but my whiskey is gone, my coat is inside out, and Clay is nowhere to be found. Pray for us sinners. - Trog
What do women want? We want everything :)
HAPPY HOUR is all day, so come join us for Playoff Football! $3 drafts, $2 TECATE'S, & 2 Long Islands for $7!!! fb.me/cablecarpub
On my way to Amy Goodman's Democracy Now to dish on an oldie but goodie: formaldehyde
And this is how I know what's going on.... I'm so ready to get to the beach and forget the world
yea, they got me son
Thank you for not revealing my secret. I used Andy's recipe for Thanksgiving, but felt the need to just whip 'em up tonight.
you're the man homie !
did i hear homo hurt nd cory webster Just Ended The Season for the JETS nice early xmas presents ...
I Miss U.I never felt this way before.Everything I do reminds me of U.My S-Love?
Cocktail of the day: Capone's old fashioned: celebrate the beauty that is Templeton rye in this notoriously delicious cocktail.
No I didn't, I ate the huaraches as soon as u gave them 2 me, I was hungry lol, I hope u have a great vacation Maria:)
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
First night in san francisco and I already had a west coast/east coast debate...good thing I won.
Had a blast @ the girls Disney night! And realized us girls have #Disney to blame for our distorted view of love. For reals.
remember to say this . bitch move .
fuck Monday's
I saw that Kobe lol
When veterans return, the 'filter' for proper behavior is often gone. — results in anger issue
I know someone will die tonight. It has to be Karen. Or will it?
Lookin better now.
The rules of highschool never end...know ur role and play it right
I would like more followers, thank you very much.
Take the plunge: I have the Momitsu 799 and have enjoyed Masters of Cinema Blu-rays for years.
american eagle is so fetch
Tebow should play all his games on TNT cuz he's DRAMA! Holy crap!
My failed attempt to start a mtb tour company... hahaha
TONIGHT-FILTH FACTORY #2 with DJ's Matthew Filth, Entheogen vs Jimmy James, Panda & Lionclaw (Zeni vs Zoo Plankton) & Lotus Resident DJ XES
I lost my Mom ten years ago from a stroke. Hence why I am on Sully's case to take care of himself.
totally funny
what happened? :(
The NRMA estimates fatigue is involved in one in 6 fatal road accidents.
LMFAO! RT. (: but you're funny. STOP DICK EATTING
#NiggasWithBondeHair Touch Little Girls
RT :Thanks! We hope for the same - our event looks great, hopefully you change the way we do business going forward...
I can go buy a new phone today if my cousind will pick up her freakin phone!
Ron Artest was wrong for the elbow and Harden was wrong for trying to draw an offensive foul. Why else would he be standing in the way?
This Is My New Account Follow This One
Hello everyone in San Diego! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
aw I miss you more. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Second screening of SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST was a great success!
Cool - do you like Eldridge? I recently finished a book by him that was super helpful. Walking with God.
Never watched Community? Seen a ton of Law & Order? Watch this week's episode for Adam Schiff.
#inaghettohouse ramen noodle is always on hand
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYMAMAMAHONE hope u have a grt day nd as a #Mahomie I thank u for supporting through everything! :)
Don't miss out on the Student Rush tickets tonight!! Only $10 and still a few left- walkups are welcome!!
She says she wanna take her skirt off, Be my guest! I decided to take my shirt off, And show my chest! And we been sipping on that Merlot...
Answer: I have made a study of this very subject, gleaning from my own work experiences and that of my acquaintances.
Chaladas. Face tanned. Good people. Good times. Yup. It was a good afternoon.
Hooray! RT : getting ready!!!! See u there
Follow me if you are into #accountability #exercise #makeeverymovecount #shakeology #nutrition #workout. R u or someone u know interested???
RT trust me, #PPCAruba can't come fast enough, wish it was tomorrow!
I'm neglecting you again. /:
#JuniorSeau was one of the first players I liked when I 1st got introduced to the game of football, RIP Seau..!!
Mondays get better at Little Darlings ;) Come get $1.50 Longnecks and a lapdance with one of our sexy ladies!!!
Excellent! I'll send you an email. :)
:) RT : thank you so much, Johnny appreciates the support.
This is tweet 100 just letting you know that 12 languages are being selected for "Love in any Language" releasing 1 a month in 2011!
Divorce the story! Never thought of it that way!
Gusgus, Ima need u to calm it down! Im too far away to bail u outa prison.
Thank you sweetie :-) can't wait until she is home. the family feels so incomplete without her
Working stop by, not a carnivor? Chick pea puree is delicious
I Wonder Who's Gunna Tell Me Happy Birthday First . :D
"mother did it need to be so high..."
Primary ballots drop this week Washington! Don't forget to mail them in early!
Awhh(: I had one like that yesterday night.
Yea i'm in the spot. I just sent you a text
I don't feel like running this morning. But I want the results so I'm putting on my tennis shoes.
I wouldn't have mentioned save that someone I know had RT'd...and was hoping to get facts before RTs took off!
#RestaurantWeek in Charlotte, going to Chima tonight...
Is it bad that I enjoyed some red wine instead of tequila on Cinco De Mayo??
En route to Appleton for an event!
check out an app called Google Sky, it let's you view constelletions and stars wherever you point your phone, it's really cool!
OKAY- who's gonna buy me a few shares? DM me... :-)
same going to Dallas. 2 aborted landings, captain says we're running out of fuel and diverting to Austin. Ugh!
can you wait like 2 weeks.. ;D.. Lolol
Amen, Sister!
Darn that parental logic!
Fame play was fun(;
CLOSURE UPDATE: One lane is now open on Powell between 99th and 104th, flaggers directing traffic
It's the thought of warm breast milk hitting the back of my throat that's the turn off. I'm more of an orange juice guy.
Francelli's in LB has all u can eat spaghetti on Mondays and Tuesdays for 5.95! But I had the lasagna!
Last day of winter, and it's snowing. Seems appropriate. :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>lol it's only right
Thanks love!
Fuck this generation and it's bullshit trends. Lame as fuck
Have an EXCELLENT weekend!
WeHo health&fit peeps, have u checked out N101 yet?.. go NOW! Wes & the entire crew r the BEST 4 all nutritional supplement needs
Things end, but memories last forever
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
. come on, you know you want all youtube videos to have the Toaster filter.
"You're a whore..." Marlo Hampton
On this day 1972: Los Angeles Police raid a radio station after DJ Robert Morgan played Donny Osmond 'Puppy Love' for 90 minutes straight.
sitting on a bus to san francisco
I'm wishing YOU a blessed and productive day!
I am so tired>.<
A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.
Yay!! It's #Friday! The weekend is here! What are your plans? Going out to see some #live #music somewhere cool in the #SFBayArea? Tell us!
Appreciate it.
The weekend is here which means that I now have the time to do a legit training workout.
Talking on the phone with
Would love to be able to put my subscriptions/channels into lists or shall I say circles ;)
i know, i'm so excited! i only wish that i could see you more!
PA system in center field press box blasting out some classic rock and roll today. Nice setting for a ball game.
sporting 12 pts...enough said. the crowd @ johnnys....subdued like we KNEW we were gonna win!
What is faster than a laser? That was proven last Thursday with bad fish :)
Lotsa of motion today in prepping for addtl shoot being scheduled next week for enhancing footage; increasing sale possibilities
bleh thank god im off tomorrow
A friend just told me that if were gay I would not be, as I'd previously thought, a (small) "bear" but rather an "otter." But I can't swim!
Fragile like a baby in your arms...
got 3 tracks to download - full production to the winner trackpizza.com
omg really??! Woohoo ! :D
NOW ONE DIRECTION IS ON. I LOVE IT.
Thanks for the RT Robyn!
seriously yesterday was the most surreal day of my life.
lusting over mid-century modern houses.
yep pretty much every topic that it says I am influential in I don't believe I have really ever even mentioned, at all.
Too funny... I wonder if that actor even knew he made that face in the scene? I think its hilarious that you noticed it! :)
Just finished watching it. Well done!
better come on and I hope she know she driving
Will we see you two this afternoon at the SCVB openhouse?
So does Morgan Freeman.
Katy Perry to Replace Kelly Rowland for 'X Factor UK'? - First Coast News
Just finished fixing guitar tracks and working on the final mixes with Chris Cosgrove. Will post preliminary tracks on the website soon!
CONAN! ED SHEERAN! THE GINGERS! MY HEART!
We have five graduate so far and graduation is still seven weeks away. It's a very exciting time at the Center!
Woke up to two ppl asking me to breakfast this morning #thatslove <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008A><U+2615>
prob not but you can try on abc 7 website or we will post it later
Getting the band ready to go on tour! Check out our page at www.myspace.com/silentbobbandofficial Sound like Pearl Jam & STP! Friend us!
": Job done!!!!!!!!" 2 great outtings in a row, keep it up KRod, proud(& lucky) to have u in the brewer family
Thrilled that I received an invite to use the product for my team. Best looking collaborative task management I've seen in a while.
ur my idol! Love u :)
Some mornings 6:43am seems earlier than others. This is one of those mornings.
Team never ceases to amaze me. I work with some of the most brilliant people in the business.
Everyone had great comments! So much more fun with snark
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
It's not just reaching the goal that matters, but the quality of life you experience along the way. Amen.
Why 2 hours to calculate? What kind of CPU do you have? And are you using Excel 2007?
just finished A Dance with Dragons. Now dealing with the gaping hole in my life waiting for the next one.
-_- it will change. He dont needa be goina school that early when we live 2min away..
You definitely should! It's a great showcase of local musicians!
ill refollow you right now sweetheart:)
We are continuing to build momentum with yet another endorsement from a major statewide labor organization. Thank you SEIU for your support.
i see(: and thank u(: i do modeling for a store here is vegas
Sup RT : RETWEET if you are up! Tweet me...
Derrick Williams was OK as a freshman!
Ain't no use in complaining.
About to head down to Camden, Alabama to shoot the video to Blues Artist P Love's video "Out Of Those Streets" if the weather permits lol
About to take a shower in a few :P
Thanks for the #FF --- have a creative day!!
Money Over Problem.»
words understood today: fracking and vishing
i appreciate your face
#WWE Holy Shit Is Now Trending World Wide!
oh, ok
Psyched about booking my next movie gig, filming in a couple of weeks. :-} Grateful for the nice Christmas present!
Come to our victory party after you vote! It starts at 7PM at Los Nortenos Mexican Restaurant in Collinsville. Hope to see you there
thanks Elli. Happy holidays to you. Have a great gig on the 1st.
It's crazy how much conditioner I go through in one week.
I think you have a great concept, check out our property management software We hope 2 launch NYD
You guys rock! Can't wait! :)
hes a trainer out of the gym in the Blatz, and I'll put it on the calendar, busy tomorrow afternoon?
RT : Come to think of it, Skrillex may indeed owe me some publishing on that hairdo... (I had to google image of Skrillex)
#demf Every time I see a black shirt with lots of bright white lately, I think it's an Op Ivy shirt.
Random acts of kindness day...pay it forward
Jersey shore today - Watch Fresh Prince FREE: School is Tebow's number is not the king of Blue Ivy.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a condition which common-sense could control correctly.
Newt winning red state SC = Hillary winning blue states NY or NJ in '08. Impressive in primaries; meaningless in general election.
13k tweet goes out to for being there for me through all my annoying bullshit & problems
lol it's only because I've heard stuff about that
How come none of these production companies have considered how amazing even a moderately budgeted FallOut television show could be.
Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I'll ever know. Live or die on this day. Live or die on this day.
we loved it! RT : Thank you & for their sponsorship of today's Professional Women's Forum
Major revelations!
Best perma in quite some time
Big thanks to my boy for the TOTD. Thank you my good man
Watch out for rats!
Bitch don't think you a star cause you paid 40 dollars extrabforbta weave this week
Very excited! I ordered my first MacBook Pro last night.
Yes, go ahead, but I think we're going to end up going the hitch route.
Happy Mothers Day! Where did you take mom for a delicious "thank you" meal today that she didn't have to cook herself?
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong and they're the problem.
I'll never understand why life seems to give those who deserve better the hardest time.
Hot damn, I love the Allman Brothers Band.
the amount of people tweeting him right now is amazing. it'd be even better if he tweeted me now. love you :)
“: have a good weekend Matt!”hope your weekend was awesome!!
Watched the Pitch, it's cool it's fresh it's Noah's Arcade
#callback, #kitson, and #rodeodrive... i'd say, quite a fun day!
Goodnight twitter.!!!
then it got cheesy cuz you could make a top 32, and then 64,smh
When? I didn't feel it!
What is your current favorite song on your workout playlist? What really gets you going?
The #Redsox new slogan on #NESN is Every Game Matters. Um win one then
what your email?
Suck A Dick Or Sumthin ( ._.)
I guess, in a way, you could say sellouts are somewhat smart. Their goal was to make money; not art or good music..
should i just hang up? :)
An audition? Sounds like fun. I haven't auditioned for something since high school, unless you count job interviews.
Heading to the Kohl Center tonight? Stop by and say hello! We've got a ton of great new basketball gear and Big Ten Champs gear too!
Phyllis Wheatley's letters, how they hail interlocutors & the use of hashtags and RTs to network a spirited activism
I like them against Philly. After that...?
that's what I thought. Just wondering if one of their developments was actually named SouthField! I miss that show.
yea, when she was at the prudential center. It was such an amazing concert. My favorite was when she sang Sparks Fly.
People and things change with time, but memories remain the same.
We love working with ! If you're in the Salem, Virgina area be sure to stop in and check out the salon
Appropriately symbolic. :^)
Another sold out night at lax!! Can't wait for Fat Joe tomorrow!! Couple tables lefts so hurry and hit me up for the last tables 7027506103
can i change the url for a shortened link? I want to use the custom link but have it direct elsewhere
My son posed the question of the day? Darth Vader and Iron man versus Spiderman and Mr. Incredible. Who wins?
ATTENTION #TeamMuldoon #TweetPosse PLS continue to let your voices be heard that you want Patrick Muldoon BACK on #Days ASAP!!!!!!!!
Join FUEL a week from tomorrow for our May Purely Social! Access to METRO, Zen on Seven, & room tours! Can't wait.
u wanna do it at my place or urs? My mom wants to meet u badly lol
Isn't Long the same guy who hired Petrino away from the Falcons? Classy move?
Hey there acting CEO! :) Yep, planning to, altho not sure I have a warranty anymore. According to Apple site it's a software issue? Odd
good things will come my way.
Good Morning!! Did everyone have a wonderful holiday?
u awake
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone. :(
Ten more minutes! I wish the Speech and Debate was still on. The thought of it was what got me through this week.
I'm using this account for nothing but shoutouts now. Message me for one now!
How did I go to Trader Joe's and forget to buy a single potato product? It's unprecedented.
No sweetie' I just moved back to MN from TX. Thank you as well for follow an the connection
Two more shows at universal today <U+E040><U+E057>
Thanks for the kind words and recommendation.
yes i think. :) i think you're awesome. fear God more. fear men less! :) & good's the enemy of great. lol
yes ma'am!
thank you for your patience and understanding!
Which massage is ideal for relieving chronic stress, tension and pain?
then you should appear to the naked human eye as a pile of poo poo, oh wait you do!
Only 2 more weeks to go?...
Thanks Everyone! Great Chat. Lots of good ideas shared. That's what it's all about.
college hoops = full of action and meaning ALL year long. MLB = bunch of guys standing around for a ridiculous 162 games.
City of God one of my all time favorites.
Bed smells like her >
But in a tournament, you should be able to root for your conference members, especially ones ranked lower than you...
Bryce Harper's hit two homers in the last two days...and I almost benched him this week.
Myth- #Cosmetic #surgery requires general anesthesia. Truth-Many procedures can be done with a combination of sedation and local anesthetic.
You're a terrible support system.
No. Probably a mid-season trade.
you run a killer publication. keep it up!
always grindin it out here in the AZ Sun....LIVE BROADCAST of our set in Reno tonight... will post link when i have 1
somehow I wouldn't even be surprised.
Yep good to go. Stay safe!!!
Easter Mass
exactly that's why i said lucky u :P
Is an argument really productive or does it solely get people hurt?
i saw last night when he was outside before the concert :)
of course! Go !
The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret is an icky show. Kinda funny, mostly uncomfortable to watch.
RT RT : When you blessed this much; not much bothers you...
have carved out time for some #appengine programming the next few days. uploads anyone?
Congrats on becoming the Sheboygan A's new manager, Kyle!
I am part of the 99%. Now, it's up 2 #OWS, the #1% & the Govt 2 realize that the 1 with the best terms is the 1 I'm sealing the deal with.
Too lazy. RT : still waiting to see you at the gym to get that spring break bod
What do you do to test whether you are hearing someone or not? Do you have techniques you use to check in with others?
Does a ski trip to Aspen make you a successful bond trader, or do successful bond traders go skiing in Aspen?
will you be providing live tweets for those who can't attend?
For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do. -Eph 2:10
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." -- C. S. Lewis
Fellas, when having sex doggy style pull her head back as far as it can go.
haha! I feel ya!
Big phones >> small phones
tweeting from your fire?
Done and Done!
Lol It Technically Isnt Mine Right Now! Its Yours!
in all caps hehehe whats wrong my tweet fellow
Right? I saw the post and saw this job about an hour later! It's a reference position at Chicago State U.
Progress: Email and texting have ushered in an era where you now worry instantaneously if someone is ignoring you.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: How to know which social media platforms to invest time in--Find out where your target mkt spends THEIR time.
Get me something plz!! Lol :): I could really go for some Wendy's right now
I'm so fucking pathetic.
laying in bed bored af
Sultry... because you're busy? That's a good thing. LOL!
Dance Moms Miami <3 :D
Back It Up, Then I Put It In Her Back Door
thought the other 5 were more deserving
oh angela.... i have a giant bruise from rolling into a tree. u werent ther to c it. i couldnt stop laughing tho it hurt
What will I use to ice my knees when I've finished this bottle of wine?
Damn I den left my New York jacket in the hotel!!!! Smh...
not on the patio BUT we built a cool area on the side of our building that's dog friendly-picnic tables, takeout pizza & booze
Instagram where everyone can get their on
- Hey Guys, will look forward to see you at #swingfestevents in miami later this month
PLEASE FOLLOW JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY <3 <3 tell your followers to also ! thanks so much!ur the best!
come to Fetish Houston TONIGHT :)
Teachers, heard about our Penny Cards? Send a SASE, we'll send a card w/ info on a child who died in the Holocaust. Great idea 4 students!
Happy Friday, I see your Listserv was blowing up yesterday. Lol RT Good Morning!!
llnnn thanks babe
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout L
I can't wait to see the show tonight my heart goes out for the men and woman who fight for our freedom
As #SPARC2012 winds down, , executive director will lead closing session.
Good day. Love seeing new clients faces as they realize what they now have access to! Makes my job so worth it!
emceeing for the radio station in BroadRipple today!
I always think I am at the beach on my roof.... Nope just Harlem
House Bill 528, "Any Willing Provider" being heard in House Business Committee.
Why do I have to love food so much?!
are you gon' be at JV Champs ?
and we both know he is the farthest from SHY
Just went to my sister's soccer game. She won 9-5. she scored 1 goal.
It's almost like THEY DON'T GIVE TWO SHITS ABOUT BOOKS.
For a Quick Dry: Essie "Good to Go" >>>> Seche Vite. Never thought I'd say that but Essie doesn't get all goey after a few uses.
lol. I did not hear the tweets. Thankfully. That or the butler picked up my phone for me.
don't think, just go and figure it out later. Mpls is amazing but lots of life to be lived elsewhere.
9/23/09 ASTDRMC.org Developing Assessments with Mike Bridwell Show your customer that training will increase productivity & effectiveness!
Detroit City Council's Thurs special mtg will be discussion on financial stability agreement then we'll vote on it Friday or Monday.
Uh oh, QB Controversy between RGIII and Kirk Cousins!
Nasty public restrooms
Not unreasonable.Some in your position feel can be more "productive" sitting behind their desks doing work.Bravo!
heading out for Cal's bday - hit us if you wanna swing out!
Wicked set!
same here in Texas! It's already been getting hot here.
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up. – Thomas J. Watson
Let's even this up for Opening Day... 794 foursquare friends vs. 724 twitter followers. Retweet #Orioles fans! 70 to go!
I know who is Barry's puppeteer and who sent Barry campaiging while he attended WEF in Switzerland with Napolitano...
That's how I roll.
really? thats cool
Baby its just gonna be you and I. c:
Last day of r Black Friday Weekend SALE! Save 10% off everything in the house! 20% off Lamps and Soil! 15%off Grolab tents.
RT : Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Damn I need new people to text or get to know someone
If I see one more meme on Facebook I'm going to spoon my eyes out and swim in my blood.
I can't wait till he's off work!!!
I used to always play mages in DND. Ever play any White Wolf games?
New followers! Show some love, RT!
I remember when we first kissed <U+E418>
RT We need to tell both DGA --> DNC -----> to send money to Barrett to whip Walker. Please retweet
im alive and well just at work right now.....
mullets = awesome! :)
Happy Hour Green Monkey style is tonight! Hope you'll join Meredith at her 6pm class followed by specials & tasty treats at Salumeria!
anything new with the band mike? :)
"ANSKY? What the hell is ANSKY?"
Not caring what EVERYONE thinks is honorable. Not caring what ANYONE thinks is tragic. Respect the opinions of those you choose to admire.
I like my hands!!
Of course, we're currently in the process of writing and recording and getting a solid show down
Will do!
No worries. How 'bout if *I* say with concern, "You should go home" ? How's my authority?
Don’t forget to stop by the table! We’re giving out prizes so swing by to find out how to get em’!
thanks for the follow!! How's Texas?
is Renee doing your booking for live music? Would like to talk to her about some gigs. Thanks!
It's funny how people end up somewhere that you started out at
Driving up the coast of California with the fam , the fresh air is intoxicating....
You know, GLove doesn't take the stage until 9:45. You could make it after Trace ends at 9:30... Just sayin'...
#BuildYourFans - My main goal is for musicians to be able to make a decent living out of music.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius Gonna miss you.
This Day in American Century Music History: The premiere of George Gershwin's "Porgy and Bess", in New York, NY. (1935)
24 remain. About avg in chips. 12 make profit.
+ - when are you gonna make beautiful babies together?
Eat at WSWB first. Open at 4p. RT : Last show of our Bridgepoint Education Summer Pops tonight!
so exited for the boyfriend video! ahh:P
#NoteToSelf: move out ASAP
aww thanks :) and no it's just Alex. Jackie hasn't been on this account in a while. It's actually been almost 6 months since
haha I understand I'm looking to escape too!
next time you're up, we'll get wasted in the city :)
RIP Cliff Burton
Thanks and #ff right back atcha! :)
“: wow. Bold statement” Sorry, Boo. I wanna hear the right notes instead of some...whatever he's doing. Emo
I asked right wing heterosexual guy yesterday if he could notice if guys are hot. He said no. That always annoys me. Of course you can.
Also went to the wedding picnic site one more time to make sure our planned table arrangement was going to work. It def will. :)
I don't gush over real people because it seems plebeian. So when I say "Sweet Lord, Mr. Thornton!" it is still within my cultured character.
I just voted for your book. Good luck u deserve it boo!!!
Jesus is the Source of all power. When the woman with the issue of blood, touched him he said “I felt power going out from me.”(Luke 8:45)
In my future town :)))
Loads more people to follow tommorow and loads more tweets to fill up your home page ;)
just got home from the mall<33
$10 Artist tickets for #RABBITS tonight at 8. Calling out and our DC brethren!
drive safe the roads are no fun
I don't understand 99% of the shit tweets about...
Ion expect much from ppl, that's why I'm hardly ever disappointed.
yea! I will!
Drop it On My *SFA Takeover* Mixtape 2 RT : S/o to for droppin "left right left" at the club in the nac tonight !
I'm sorry... Just try to think happy.. I've had a hard time too... My mom died.. It's hard but try!! :)
yes sir!
you are so sweet to think of me : ) I'm actually interning w/ Oregon Public Radio this summer. we need to catchup!
Perfect! Everything is on track. About to take a break to eat. Lol.
Damn, I really need to see my Daddy. I haven't hung out w/him in 2 weeks. I feel bad for that.
it was blue i think i cant find it but i creeped again and the one in pink is GORGEOUS>
The Men go on in 30 at Barbarellas
smh. RT Job Seeker Uses The "C" Word in Cover Letter. Yes, it's the one you're thinking of —> bit.ly/xgPe8A
The is most welcome here RT : who'da think it? We did!
So does have two 'Forts' in Austin? wfuentes3 Is one called The Alamo2? #SXSW I'm en route in T-minus 18 hours ...
don't be silly, we don't start scaring you about sharks til June.
& thank you for checking in with us on Foursquare over the weekend!
Bold Head Hoes Now A Days Where Lace Fronts To Throw A Nigga Off.
Instead I will snack on celery, cucumber and Whole Foods brand lemon hummus. No neon orange cheese powder involved there.
Finally! Thank you, I'm sure it won't be but I'm being realistic haha. Anything new with you?
damn you Cedeno!
Thank U:)
oh I've done that. Good times.
big smiles
I'm not saying I need a guy.. but damnit, they know how to pop your back.
“: Looks AND sounds AWESOME. Scored one of those vinyl players at Best Buy” <--Thanks! Vinyl players are neat.
The cost to acquire an iPhone app user who opens the app 3+ times is up to $1.81 #isa3 (via )
Back to work tomorrow after 4 days off. I'm gunna cry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
You're welcome. Looking forward to your tweets!
yes. send me your e-mail address, and i'll send you the info.
Stop tweeting so much, I see your tweets every time I scroll down
A server error erased the review and foolish me didn't save a copy. I'll write something about Redleaf's hatchet job tomorrow.
Let's go #Spurs! Big game today.
What's a Danny glover?
Yo chubby gyal provide the best fuck I can tell you !
Don't let the obstacles keep you from moving foward. If you keep trying you will eventually be ????
Lights! Cam! Action!
See you then ^__<3 Don't forget, or I'll cry!
Live every minute. Love hard. Fight for what you care about. Think of her & remember that.
Glee's almost on o h
Take a listen to my mixes....more to come!! Soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
Carelessness. It's done often, especially if a startup is bootstrapping w/o finds for attys. At least, make the effort to edit!
I don't get in until 8PM Vegas time but I'm in DC so it takes forever to get to West Coast
RT Speaking of exercise plan and diet, I have till new yrs to lose 5 lbs. Think I can do?
Music's the medicine of the mind.
Looking for a cool Xmas gift? We have the Betty's Betties Pin-Up Calendars featuring some of our staff as models. Buy yours today, $20!
Thanks! =D
On my way to Vegas to meet up with my best friend for our annual trip to turn $5K into $54, a buffet pass and cab fare back to the airport.
Thanks sis!! I still haven't seen it myself! lol
UFC Live Fight on www.tncnews.com
You're unibrow inspires me.
Vikings Men's Basketball take on Montana Grizzlies Sunday at 1:05PM. Tickets starts at $10. Come or call for more details!
is not me please stop posing as me or i will report u to twitter
Yo soy comer
haha. Yes i do owe drinks. Tix have not been placed at will call as of yet. But will let you 2 kno when I do
My dream is to be. Successful In life I know that I can do it as long as I keep believing in god I know my dream will come ture at the end
Can't believe the Clippers pulled off that comeback. 20+ points in a fraction of a quarter? WTF
couldnt be more jealous.
“Nothing on this planet can compare with a woman’s love" Steve Harvey
Didja have fun?
Good Morning back to you beautiful. Make today great, and
i'll be celebrating freedom...hopefully with the love of my life. Can we confirm that he'll be there?
I'm under my couch too!!
sorry phone died and I'm just getting home. I saw the txt tho I do have an ihome if u want me to take it
Forgetting to bring my headphones to the lib<<
But as long as its here... RT : The sun don't shine forever.
Happy Fringe Friday!
no once upon a time
good luck with that :P
Love minimum days! Got off super early!
Again, Bro where to this time?
I really wanna skip mass..
How's everyone's morning going so far
Bottle of wine, rotisserie chicken and the Canucks game on TV in 30 minutes.
I am FOILing whilest finding the antiderivative in my head and you dont even write it down!
I am thinking about rockin' a mullet for Country Thunder! What do you think?
#agreed! RT : This hotel room is INSANE
My broker actually has a "Countdown Clock" on my financials news page to the Facebook IPO...2 Days 14 Hours! Alas, I'm $250,000 short!
This boy got up for no reason at all & then farts riight beside me... are you serious...
“: Question of the night. If you put all of today's popular djs/producers in a battle royal who would win?” the listeners.
I hate the 20 minute challenge! I cant run that long
"have i told you you're beautiful today?" <3
Thanks for the follow RJ!
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Almost 400 followers :D
Cold ones at City Tap en route to the Black Keys.
i followed (:
I Guess I Won't Be Getting No Car Wash Huh
My mom is f'ing hilarious. So glad she's here.
I have had to many individuals ask me: what is the compliance program (CPGM)? This is a big fail because it is the corner stone of success
Oops! No pressure. ;-)
Watched how local tv shows are filmed an aired . . . Definately open to more about broadcasting
no! “: We are hearing Pedro Almodóvar has died. Unconfirmed. Watch this space”
Agh so fukn tired. Work sux i thought it would never end. First one in last one out no break fml. And argued with co workers
working on it...
watching your video on demand<3 and my almost 3yr old niece says I like him hes pretty <3lol shes already got good taste in music!!
What a night! First former WKOW employee Dan Gibbons nabs the Corey Hart HR ball.. Now Rickie Weeks hits a 3-run shot. 7-2 Crew in the 6th.
Sick and tired of you constantly making fun of me.
Hello World. I miss programming.
Naw, it wouldn't have survived anyway
Unbelievable that we waste enough food to provide 4 meals per person for a year
no disrespect to him, he is class if he stays fit but hope it's not true..
If you are looking for the dregs of society, stop by the Safeway near my house at 10:30pm
but you're still a beauty <3
the stars will cry the blackest tears tonight<3
Happy Easter everyone! He is risen!
Gm that's what's up.That was for us all...thanks and you do the same.
Word has red squiggly lines under both "Gaga" and "Bieber." Get with it, Word.
It's true, we're gone. :(
RT if you're going to buy #SaySomethin on itunes when it comes out!
thanks so much! thats so nice! :) hope u had fun and see u next time!
Griddle Cafe on Sunset. Or Square One in Silverlake.
could be a sesame street character. count dracula could be his stage name.
Austin, its been real but we must go home!
I have the same pet peeve. I like book covers.
When I click the link it states that the video is no longer available? Resend to me... Thanks
Hair cut, clothes clean, and swag on a Million... today is gonna be a good day
Hey U know as a Manager U gotta see what Ya Tworking wit early <--- Waay early so U can make (War time) adjustments!
i love GOD:)
I wish i lived in miami D: so close yet soo far away.
#ozzy better win #survivor he's on fire!
happy to hear from u!
you and - have a great trip. Unplug, would ya?!! ;-)
Went to sleep screeming at every1.....Woke up from my nap happy :) point being nice dreams can change you lol :)
People that say "swag" every 5 minutes in class... clearly have none .
I buy her theory that she is crazy though!
so u cool?
Ha! There goes another five year plan down the drain. Congratulations!
An editor with a typo, that is! Fired! Should be: ...you can trust me.
I'm not speaking to the rest of the night. We will tweet til morning
so nice out. with my cigar. n sun. life is great
Petty Lol RT": RT": Phone sex is so fucking boring!!!!!" NO IT'S NOT NOT IF HE'S DOING THE TALKING #LBVVS"
is happy she finally got to see her friend she's been putting off.
let's just say not many ladies take rides in his dodge lol
My G-ma asked me how many tattoos do i plan on getting. I said just 10 & it looked like my G-ma was having a heart attack.lolxz
yay! we should #1 pray for parking for and I, and #2 think about where to eat afterwards.
I know where you can get a lot of perfectly good (well, a little dried out) Xmas trees FOR FREE!
Target documentary on is amaze
Baby I love it when your eyes all red :]
Shows like mob wives and basketball wives inspire me to question the true meaning of life.
Physical Gold of course, unless I get to own one of the printing machines if I choose the Fed & use it like they do.
She's crafty and she's just my type:) another 80's star gone 2 soon:(
NYC first for me this morning ... Bitch slapped by an in-flight pigeon
thanks! had a great time at and im loving #sxswi now! how's it goin on your end?
Ugghhh hangover! At work! This sux......
Bad day for UFC? Network debut lasted 1 min, boxing put up a great 12 round fight
Michael Jackson died What????
track #4 on the "sunkissed" album by
What kind of car do you have?
Feeling ethiopian cuisine tonight!
I hate not being able to sleep.
Uh oh
you be trying to fight too so! lol You told me earlier you just wanted to slap me... my feelings was hurt :( hahaha
www.myspace.com/YoungJSantiago
Carson Palmer and Denarius Moore looking like an explosive duo
Mention me for a #FollowBack or I'm not following you back . lol
that sounds amazing :) hahahaha me well , just same rutine as usual -.- school swimming home HW nothing ' really fun ,
My last paper is finally submitted and I am officially on summer vaca!!
You also have a great weekend!
I love how sings dick in your face on come on a cone...
I've still yet to wish I smoke weed. So you know.
Someday i will have tickets
Let's stop from becoming the next Ben Rapistberger. He's been in a dry spell...er lifetime.
LIVE YOUR BRAND. , psh. i live my bieber. <3
Should be pretty cheap rates for CIS China.
typical hawks fan.....
Wasn't that offside?
I LOVE that dead dog! I'm going to change "dead dog" into a term meaning happy and plucky!
no prob and yup :)
Holy shit guys. They just played here comes the sun for me!!!
Well...That Took Me Somethin Like 40 Minutes....
Timeout Hermain Cain, So you suspend your campaign, just so you can launch a stupid website?!
There are a WHOLE LOT OF police officers and squad cars parked right outside my office window. Think I should put away my "Freeze Ray."
you have fb?
try going to the beach for a bit
I just had some beer, that was in the top five best I have ever had, in life. called "Biere de Mars: grand reserve". It feels like friday.
Is it Tuesday yet?
That really awkward moment when you say something kinda racist and then someone of that race passes by -_-;;
Just watched #TheRiver - scared the absolute piss out of me, no joke. I'm gonna have 20 different nightmares tonight about it, for real.
I love reading all of your RTs to your fans. I NEED to see you in concert soon.
Hey Shanoon Im expecting you don't answer this tweet, but you are Shanoon Moore so Im Expected the unexpected :P
I do not understand why people call, don't leave a message, then get upset when I don't call back. I don't have ESP ya know.
FREE Wine Tasting 4-6pm & Open Mic Night 7pm-close tonight at Crush!! Also, Happy Hour is from 4-6pm (1/2 Price Sushi, Wine & Beer!)
You look so amazing!
Hey, do you have anything going on on Wed 6/13? May be moving the par-tay to Solly's kostume karaoke.
brotha the movie comes out today!
Hi Jen - Here's the info I couldn't find earlier:
good morning everyone
Major shoutout to for the completion of his final exams! Graduation is Saturday, and law school awaits! Congrats!
happy day b4 ur birthday.. Heading out of town tomorrow so early happy birthday!! And don't forget to stop by Sprinkles !!
Hey World!
Guy Kawasaki says go see Never Say Never..who knew it was a marketing how-to film?!
Hahaha! Take that, virginity.
The #Bruins lose in a shoot-out....
#itsawesomewhen someone buys me food
Why am I sleeping so late again?!?! Gaaah!! Sometimes, I just don't understand myself!
Yeah it was! I wasn't expecting the avengers to be that good either
cheak it out.
#sometimesyouhaveto let go of what you love most and just accept it
Where's all our new friends?!
OK, that makes me feel better :)
#CharlesBarkley Uh-oh. Off-air scam comments. Youtu.be/XOAPL5Td7uo
Drinking is the one thing in my life I don't do half-assed.
We love Jeremy Lin! He's so hot! Congratulations on all your success!!! Please retweet! Go Knicks!
I was super tired at your house and now I cant fall asleep -_-
I'm trying to make this shit sound authenticious.
How come pass interference wasn't called
wtf kinda Dj is that! If a girl stay wet umm thats a problem! Lmao!
post grad plan:
Her big ass acting like a chicken. Her big ass No she to damn big for three she
C'mon, Rest of the World, BEAT THESE ENGLISH BASTARDS. (No offence).
RT ": Why did people go to work today!? It's a HOLIDAY"> oh yeah which one?
welcome to the peg!
Ugh. It never fails. I always want Chick-Fil-A most on Sundays.
We have a format somewhat set. We know what we want, now it's just a matter of finding distribution. Oh, and a name/host. Suggestions?
Congratulations to Woody Allen for his Oscar for Best Original Screenplay!
Love being an #archivist- I open up a folder from accession of #NOW materials &Gloria Steinem & Betty Friedan's faces are staring up at me!
You're not part of the family, so stop butting in! I didn't ask for your opinion, and I don't care to hear your criticism!
chill son I remember wen u wasnt off dat marijuana wave ! Product of ur environment huh !
I have to start all over again because of stupid drama.
thanks for the follow Travis!
Consider a Cornerstone gift certificate as part of your Mother's Day present!
I'm not trying to expose you. Everybody knows you.
I try, I really do :/
That Moment Of Pure Joy When You Open The Fridge And Someone's Been Shopping...
you + #ward5 voters?
Chea, I just had some
Louise, Louise, Louise!
Alright I'm on my way to the ATM for some cash, Haha.
- me too. A classy guy and a great player. I loved his crossover dribble and the pull up 3-point jumpers! He was MONEY!
we're highly considering that surgery if he blocks again. :( and thank you. <3
UWM SCE Spring Writers Festival begins today..Kao Kalia Yang, author of "The Latehomecomer. A Hmong Family Memoir". Not too late to sign up!
no I don't have yahoo messenger. I've never set up a screen name, but my email is yahoo haha
she like to do it with the lights off , it don't matter to me if it dark or not.
Not cool, I really, really like Awake.
My HTC Amaze4G just shipped! Merry Christmas/Happy Birthday to Me!! Yay!
at that the truth!!!
If you follow then you need to also follow
you'll have to see it Friday because obviously my lighting is terrible
Great topic for discussion "so does #Oasis: What's the Story Morning Glory? Count as a one #album wonder?"
Just found out is getting a lot of votes from #Texas. I think tweet is helping
ew I'm in a room FULL of people who don't like Nicki Minaj. and I'm slightly drunk so I'm like -_____-
So you get reconnected, run to Staples to print out new badges (& yes they did arrive 5 min after everyone checked in), speaker shows up.
Grad Student Bowling Team sign-ups now! Three 4-person team spots remaining for Tuesdays 9pm @ The Annex. Email to join
Going jogging for 40 minutes, then getting in my sit ups.
Good, I didn't want to offend a Canadian for the umpteenth time this week LOL
I'm the happiest girl on earth!
Hate how as soon as you are seen going to a girls house, it is assumed that you are shagging... Get over yourselves...
I can't believe I actually made all of this happen
Best of the LA Times Book Fest: New California and Old, and Bruce, too! - OC Weekly (blog)
LOVE YOU TOO SKRILLEX
I'd say RP (biased choice of course) b/c of expansion into 2 new regions in Jan. & several new regions in the fall
Don't get treated ! Lmao
I'm right here.
knew you were picking #paint. Glad I didn't get loco.
the secret of Nimh
is Mallory really in the hospital. Which one?
congrats mama!
Calling all #Wisconsin bloggers. Let's help Milwaukee win the #SoMeT12 final destination!
I'm excited to hear Newark mayor Cory Booker tonight ! He seems like a really interesting leader.
go suck a fat baby ballz
just heard our tune #barefootbluejean!
Hello everyone i hope you all are have an amazing day and we are all accomplishing our desired goals one step at a time! level up everyone!
you are sweet.
I don't think it's possible to hate another human being as much as I hate my linear algebra professor.
delayed with once again - 2 for 2 this summer to the same destination.
it's okay!It's not your fault!(: &I'll just throw it up tho xD I'm eatin goldfish right now,even tho Imma throw it up.LOLOL
Will that work? Have you tried doing that? LOL
Hunter, when do you come back to Chicago? Any time soon? :)
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed. George Burns
we haven't talked in the longest time miss u
Surfer boys are dope!
RIP Howard Zinn. Lesser known is his immense influence on archives and archivists. "Secrecy, Archives, and the Public Interest": a classic.
At park with kids 5, 3.5, and ~2, saw 3 kids under 6 with iPod/iPhones using them to take video as they rolled through the park.
so classic. Love twitter for those amazing follows.
A full life comes by having the right motivation, taking immediate action, and showing gratitude no matter the outcome.
Stop by shoppe today get a jump on holiday shopping and stay for a show 4-5 pm
Another great weekend was enjoyed by Single Gourmet members. There are lots of new singles events coming soon so be sure to join us today.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!
bad first half for the hoyas huh?
"Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come." Get up and make them! – C.J. Walker
Steinem at #NEASC11: Money is boring (unless you do something interesting with it) and there is no concept of "enough."
no doubt in my mind you are going to blow them away!
Foot pedals are a definite game changer for transcribing interviews.
Have u ever gotten so upset that all u can do is cry. I'm bout to fuck this office up!!!
Wiz always has the best tweets
So excited that is coming homee tomorrow <3
Students and travelers all around the world, stay tuned for some news and updates on where to go, what to do, and how to do it
I cannot multitask; I also cannot multi-sense, meaning use more than one sense at a time effectively.
Epic #pepsi comm with elton john and the x factor winner
The humans' little human likes those pear-shaped one, and the more colors, the better.
I just read that according to a Congressperson, the Old Testament is not part of the Bible. Cool, out goes laws on adultry and murder!
hittin twitter up tonight!!(:
I heard someone talk about it. I don't know if he actually WAS because I haven't seen any pictures, but I don't know.
Good stuff, coach!
Opportunities are tossed at you daily! How you handle them will determine your Lifestyle a year from now!
We need to eliminate 'no child left behind'
Greyhound racing is fun. I recieve tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent what they used to be...
Philadelphia Phillies Old School Pitching Matchup Features Two Rock Stars: Fan&#39;s Take
When did LGF become a liberal site? I'm confused.
y'all lying to me !
Attended a great meeting at the Conifer Chamber with the Jeffco Commissioners. What an active chamber!
I've been trying to support, but I've been busy preparing for Cannes. Glad you enjoyed it.
Vigil for SD native Michelle Le, missing and feared dead in Bay Area. Friday 7 pm. Hilltop Park, Rancho Penasquitos
Hanging with old travel buddies the next couple days see you all soon
If you his could only see the grocery list I am getting from my hubby right now!!!! LMAO. Made my day!
wow the ending of monsters inc is stupid why didn't they squish the old slug lady
How many times will I have to forgive you?
Get better soon!
Zig Zag and For food: , We look forward to seeing you!
I handed in my resignation at UNL Libraries this AM. Starting on April 3 I'll be Library Director at Kilgore Memorial Library in York, NE
how the Besto Pesto
Despite the Cowtippers loss, is there any doubt who the dominant conference in college basketball is?
HOCK-E!
Sad that we about to graduate and most of these niggas still childish.
It's chillin time going to watch the evening News...I need to write some more jokes
ill save u it don't worry
I'll check it out, thanks.
I feel bad for the pple at starbucks there all in a hurry xD
This game seems so slow.
The monthly fee for the typical homeowner is equivalent to two cups of coffee! Only $10/month for neighborhood priorities!
Face mask, nails nd hair with my boo be4 heading out:)
Watching the knick game and attempting to do homework
"Accept whatever you're doing and just exist or stop talking about what you used to be and do something completely different"
bro you need to cheer up
bubble bath
aren't you study???
Don't worry about who likes you, just like yourself.
love you too beautiful :)
Walking to work on this gorgeous morning. Love DC. Love life. So ready for this new chapter. Let the games begin!
Help support Line Please! Follow us and DM us Feedback! We want your help to make line please better!
TROY SAYS CALL CAIGE DRUMSTICK CAUSE HE SHOVED A DRUMSTICK UP HIS ASS LOLOLOLOL
right back at you
do you like New York City?
I like your style! ;)
that was easy
or is it the patience
Just almost got attacked by a rat in my basement. Shew that was scary.
At work callin for a
We all fall prey. Forgive yourself. RT : Whoops! Just opened it and have plenty to do today! Great site!
anxiously awaiting 10a,
we are working on that now. Hopefully very soon.
Lol all the teachers at my school are ignorant or rude as hell. What the fuck?
God is God, and God is good.
- thanks for posting about the Daedalus Project. Wasn't on my radar. Interesting...
We've got lots of treats and fun stuff to eat while you're here...plus, Tom the Woodchuck brings all of his handmade wooden toys & gifts.
Anybody in Atlanta? // MT : Police surrounding Frazer home at 3662 Wellhaun Rd in Decatur right now! Need people here 4 support!!
I know I wasn't at the dance, but I loved Cade's surprise. I saw it when he was packing up. He looked at me and said, "This is my surprise."
Honestly, for that amount, you should be able to write a review saying "This sucks, it's stupid, and I hated it" and get an acceptance
Woot im alive.
Hire slowly & carefully is 's advice to entrepreneurs
Thank you to the 700+ people who participated in todays webinar -"Putting the Freud in Fraud: Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough"
haha good joke
Tonight at 11pm we'll be facing The Cartel Please come out and support us! Tweet at us for comp'ed tickets!
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation FTW!!!
I'm loving it...Willy-Style.
You'll find St. John's a great place to launch your future from. Congrats, Professor Charles Wankel
Better to go back than go wrong.
I hate when girls act dumb because they think it's cute.
creative suggestion!
Money talks and bullshit walks, I bet he's a shitty father
I had to rewatch the chainsaw scene in Winters Bone (2010)
High af smokin watching the rain fall
#spotify = my new favorite
True enough -- I'm nothing if not analog ;)
If you jump out of a moving car for Golden Coral you deserve the severe stomach ache.
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate. -Danish Proverb
Oh. Such similar names then!
Gig quit last nite @ 11:45p, so 2nite is my 1st live music of the year! Yea! Rah! Whoopie! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Fun!! RT : Me too! But I think my daughter has me beat. she hasn't stopped talking about this week..she's 6 lol
Grilled Cheese Sandwich's taste a million times better at 1:40 AM than they do at 1:40 PM.
Happy Cinco de Mayo Amigos! Fiesta <3
Would have waited until everyone was back in school around mid-Sept. Plenty of time even then.
Pot roast nachos down at the Tavern in Bown Crossing. Best nachos here PERIOD!
Easter Bunny Breakfast Ticket Sale is CLOSED! We're working on our #Pinterest page - do you pin?!
YES! IT WILL BE A PEETA PARTY.
I've overstayed my welcome.
It's ok, I've done it. More than once.
hell naw son!!!!
OW just stepped on a tack
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Yeah this weather isn't working for me.
Fingers crossed this goes well
The worst thing is to be nobody to anybody .
Ugh, I sympathize, like they have a job to go to or something lol
I Want Some now tho(:
I feel ya bro!
So... are you in the NBA now or what?
thanks 4 being such an inspiration for not only me but 4 others to keep believing, i love you so much!
RT : Joining Paul Allen on tomorrow at 10:55. Always an adventure & cool to be on with PA.
shirts off
Dear goodness, makes me actually want to watch Live! with Kelly. How is he looking even hotter now? Newly single perhaps?
I saw that movie . . . in the theater. It is deserving of all those awards.
I just can't take tests.
Loving my new google voice account
Why thank ..
It won't be the first worst you've ever seen comment related to that thing. Wait, did I say that out loud?
Ok off to run some errands, pick up some supplies, stop by the library, store then back to work tell tonight again.. I need a vacation.
NEW FLAVOR ALERT: Moonlight Swirl is now carrying Cake Batter Fro-Yo. Stop by today and give it a try!
you are preaching to the choir. WE are lucky in the City to have a lot of spots and small wait list but County not so much.
one got commute that normally takes 35 minutes? check. grr.
We need a senior prank long reach!!!!!
June 9th : best day of my life??
Great article and what we should be focused on.
Thanks for the mention!
Congrats! Wonderful news!
Luckily I didn't shoot up the bus I did see a terrorist. I think
If you're not weird, then you're not GRAND! right? lolol. :)
thank you to all who attended the first WordCamp Ed DC. We've learned a lot -- stay tuned to the blog and let's continue to collaborate!
kay that was "wish you were here - Avril Lavigne" YOU SHOULD COVER IT!!
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astonish ourselves." -- Thomas Edison, Inventor
This week and I are competing to see who can get the most free drinks out of Frieze Week. Drink tally via
“He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.”~Roy L. Smith
Gonna figure out this Twitter/FaceBook synching thing for once and for all.
don't be!
OMW to my 6th work holiday party.
My favorite commercial of all time is the #sundrop conmercial
shut up
RT : #ThingsIWantTheMost candy and chocolate that doesn't make you fat.
my friend is a nail polish fanatic. Christina, what are you supposed to put in gloppy nail polish to fix it?
Here comes the sun (doo doo doo doo)...last day for Hair of the Belly specials! Open 12p-4p for lunch/hangover helpers & late night 11p-3a.
In Nashville for the weekend!!
so hot
I'm going Old School here w Jessie "The Body" Ventura!
Fuck you and that comment jk you right doe bro
<<<<< built up stress, that needs to be released :(
oh shit...didn't know you could hear all that..ps.it was "my underwears inside out"
good luck with those stairs !
You're mazing! I love your music! Best country singer<3 PLEASE FOLLOW BACK.
Straightening my hair then working in mens dress shirts 10 till 2 ;) htc w/ plans!!
January is Unchain a Dog Month. Allow your best friend inside, where they are safest and happiest!
To the one person who stalked me here and objected to what she saw, but shouldn't have done: the war's on, just you wait.
If it wasn't for him, then I think I would've killed myself that night.
#hash browns
You know your coffee's strong when you put the spoon in to stir it and it stands straight up.
The intolerable acts were...pretty intolerable.
Dear BASIX CAFE, when serving pizza, it helps to melt the cheese before serving it.
Hi, I wondered have you done any baseball myths? Heard various pitch styles & being left/right handed had advantages. How so?
I have a little idea, but we'll see. Does this mean theyll air ep 2 and have 3 available On Demand?
If there are still problems, drop us a line at & we should be able to help. ~CA
I'm going to second that. Make it fabulous!
I just watched "new girl" this am on my flight. Loved it!
“: What is going on today.... The world is basically ending...”
enjoying the movie?
RT "This Andrew Bird song needs more whistling!!" ~ Andrew Bird
big ten basketball...grab as much as you can on defense until the refs call it. What happened to moving your feet on defense?
Don't get my ranting wrong, I'm not a Facebook hater. It's that Instagram was non-revenue generating entity with no clear monetization model
What up NEWBEE ALEX S> newest west coast VANE + INTERN
Talking to the parent you don't live with is always easier than talking to the one you do.
Anyone else like Undercover Boss on CBS?
FOLLOW BE JUSTIN<333 I WILL EXPLODE AND CRY HAPPYNESS OUT OF MY EYES<3 BTW HAPPY ALMOST BIRTHDAY<333
hes not here, i think he has ap testing
I am at Cali Ballet and waiting for my daughter from her ballet class
I'm really sad. No one thought my Death in Venice hip hopera rumor was funny.
Lotta people in line for an Our Lady Peace show.
Enjoying some post-exercise Ben & Jerry's, because if working out doesn't mean I get treats, then dear god what is the point??
Not sure what the heck the Hawks were thinking, but thank God they won in OT and not regulation. Much rather the Wings & Preds goto war 1st.
awww its ok!!really its fine!!
Boobs are proof that men can focus on two things at once.
Will you get Founders Devil Dancer & Blushing Monk or FW Parabola? What's limited on your shelves at the moment?
Thanks for the
There is not so much as four feet of space not occupied by a vehicle on all westbound streets from Los Feliz to the sea.
Congrats to Eduardo Zepeda from Weslaco Public Library in Weslaco,TX for winning the $20,000 Graphic Novel Library Giveaway!
Meeting with elected officials and staffs from the MO delegation to the US House and Senate to talk about federal charter issues.
That's a lot, but it's still a little unclear what they want to be.
Motorola FTL. Charging/battery, or screen?
i'm so high i can't remember how i was brainwashed to accept what's in store.
hahahha you are SO lame :) love you too puta:)
It's crazy how true my horoscopes were this past weekend...
God Bless you brother.
Just got the new APR: a Kenneth Patchen retrospective & 6 poems my my old prof Norman Dubie.
did he cry on the phone ???
What took a long time or seemed impossible a few years ago done in a minutes or hours now- thanks usage assmnt & reporting tools!
Love those shirts!
thank you!
WEDNESDAY = FRIED CHICKEN NIGHT
YES it was literally HOT, lost like 10 pounds by end of shoot. Love the HAZING.
On-set grand slams against the #Brewers bullpen. I should've predicted that, right?
New product launch in Vegas today!!!
I'm god
It's great! Busy as ever. Stop down anytime. It'll be good to see you again :-)
The problem is that it shouldn't be that way; that's why academia often feels so homogenous.
Earlier, it was rainy & freezing. Now, our wall of windows is creating a greenhouse effect. Sweating like a hooker in church.
we're coming to your next game....... When is it?
*A nerdy guys phone goes off* Jock: "Who was that, your girlfriend?" *Everyone laughs* Nerd: "Nope. It was yours." *Dead silence*
is off to Harajuku!
It's reaaaaddding time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
lolz, ima just wear my orange wolf hat thingy(:
NYE with AMAZING!!!!!
It's 2012 and these things called tv and internet! No excuse for anyone to not be able to cook something
“ “ Sometimes the most important life lessons are the ones we end up learning the hard way..””
Back To Work!!!
Lol the end of the bed is alwaays fressh :$
hahahaha your such a doofus then why didnt you.?
Hey guy who better you or bow?
INDIE WED MKE is tomorrow!! Be there or be square.
just started rapping.
So cute!!
Wheels up, Chicago bound
I do it because it hurts, but it's a hurt that helps. You don't understand until you do it.
makes me feel good to know other grown ass women don't iron their work clothes.
It's difficult to seek other people's love. It's deadly. This is the prison we create for ourselves as we seek what we already have.
When people are hypocrites I want to punch them.
I agree I love that show
My puppy is the cutiest thing ever!:D
Good morning
We have 3499 followers! Who'll be the lucky 3500th follower? Thx for your support, tweeps!
I was a bit tiltet in the hand and squeezed with A-Jo. What did you have?
#thechain? Now how did we ruin such a classic Fleetwood Mac tune for you?
RIP Mitchell Guist
Seattle Fire responded to HAZMAT spill in Benson Hall on the third floor. No one was hurt. First two floors are clear.
That's a nice place. While you're at it, why not check out just a few blocks down? :-)
I'd like to point out that whoever is writing your projections is doing a terrible job. They are not funny and not helpful
Have Faith <U+E328>
Bet he'd kill to get invited to practice now. MT : 10 yrs ago today, AI was talking about practice. Practice, man. Practice.
Do i know you? RT : Omg youre honestly just the cats meow.
*Raises hand* I called it on the right pitch too :)
what do I have to do to win an Oscar? Next Monday a 's insider will tell me.
I'm such a pessimist when it comes to student council elections...why?...why?...why?
Get used to the Shanny way with QBs. He benched the Snake when Broncos has chance at playoffs for Cutler and missed postseason.
Who this I'm pretty?jw
substitute any term. Still works.": RT : Obama explains that "unprecedented" doesn't mean anything when he says it."
Swear ta god
I'm at a talk by Lisa Gitelman: "Typescript Books and the Moment of Microforms," at the #UCLA Information School.
LIVE PATCAST IN 45 MINUTES! Are you ready?
Welcome to Havnot Records Twitter
cum bang me from behind, make me sweat..
RT He who gets up one more time than he falls, makes it through.
Yeahyoubetter. :D <33 How is.. whatever you're doing?
RT : It's a great day for some freestyle shows here at w & !
We Lovett!!! “: great weekend to be an L.A. sports fan. we Lovett! #lakers #clippers #kings #dodgers”
This year’s One State conference will gather thinkers and makers alike to exchange and inspire Breakthrough ideas and resources.
I'm sure you got in boo<3
Wow. Lots of people on Twitter love their moms. We got that going for us. Which is nice.
I cant WAIT to see tonight at the Sideshowcase! Wanna see aerilists, improv, and a play reading? Belmont Black box theater. 8pm!
finding another beer in yer fridge is better than christmas. or hanukkah, for my King David homies.
Aaaaahhhhhh!!! Help me!!
Yall gotta watch this youtube i just watched about fearing the Lord . It will literally have you on your knees at ur comp or phone
Follow me on Twitter
RT Ck out he #moo his way around NY in a cow outfit it's wicked funny!!! He even played guitar hero
Shoulder muscles blown out - look like a gorilla - zonked - awesome surf day!
I ran a mile today! Wheeeee!
U r 15 years old, u r a liberal, how do u know the law?
TGIF! "Like" this post if you're ready for the weekend.
The Voice!
lol.. you have Ps3 right?? If so send me a friend request @ E_BELL1988 !
whenever ppl like my facebook status's, it gives me the sense that I might actually be funny. or they're liking it cuz I write dumb stuff.
Actress Cynthia Nixon Reveals How Rosacea Has Impacted Her Life - MarketWatch (press release)
Awareness is empowering.—Rita Wilson
Lol my section was getting too live tonight tho!! Lol two people got kicked out tonight, right in front of me! They were about to box<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I don't think so. They do (and view) dissertations a bit differently than USians do..
At 2pm I will be giving away Kelly Clarkson's CD Stronger and a chance to meet her! Be caller 103 and know this word of the day, "Funday!"
When do you play? I'm always looking for a new run.
I. feel. shitty.
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "Mexico has no future if it continues to spend the same ammount on oil subsidies as it invests in education"
Ed!!! Come out behind the venue <3 it's freezing!!!!
I hate those people who ask what is a trend that's trending . Like if you don't know then don't ask .
More and more I'm convinced we need less innovation and more ingenuity.
Holy are You, God. Holy is Your name. With everything I've got, my heart will sing how I love You
I prepare for the worst but hope for the best.
Oh how fun! I love ! My hubby just picked some up for me today!
and there goes Axford's consecutive saves streak and the go ahead run is on third base.
FCSI-The Americas Recognizes Top Performers and Products at Spring Conference
CNN: The San Diego Co. ME's office confirms that former NFL star Junior Seau died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound of the chest.
. is in Minneapolis?!
Thanks to y'all!
hola! FYI yes, i was told article would be out by "August 1" ... i will find out more + update you if I learn anything new :)
We can meet up after work & I can take you home.
Question: What was Portland's best restaurant 20 years ago?
the krusty krab pizza is the pizza for you and me
LOL! ": Judges. RT Today tell us the best bar to take your girl for a nice night out. Ladies participate too!"
#FF #Ford #smbmad Oh gee thanks - what fun we will have. Do you have a Ford Story to share?
I miss riding round with My nanna and sister sitting in the back seat on a hot day listening to the beach boys #childhood memories
Hey KiKi its Roscoe. You still in Boston?
Schools should teach classes in compassion and conflict resolution. #peace #love and
Have you been able to capture them photogenically?
Good Morning everyone guess who's back
"I am the devil. And I'm here to do the devil's work." From Otis Driftwood in the Movie,"The Devil's Rejects".
awwh glad i was one of the good people! Lol =) it was nice seeing yhu to fam.
RT It is no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase 'As pretty as an Airport' appear. -Douglas Adams.
Why yes, those are the original plans of the building. Why would we have told you about them?
right here. Follow back
What are legit prices to charge for a carwash fundraiser? Wash only or wash & vacuum - not sure what to charge for each. Recommendations?
I love waking up next to
Charles Vest emphasizes globalization of R&D and education: challenges complacent nationalism as major obstacle for higher ed
Pretty Pretty Please Follow Me(;?
MY BIRTHDAYS IN 18 DAYS :D
Halftime in MIlwaukee, leads 6-2
Makes me sleepy just reading it! RT : 430am bus..... 630 flight w/ connection on way to Indy. 705pm game. Awesomeness
Hey we are looking to work with high fashioned models on a calendar project do please express your interest
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included
So cute to see ginny all scared about harry at the beginning and then they get married at the very very end
Thanks for that excellent review!
always free food as drinks!
Thanks for the follow! We are following back, keep helping folks out everday!
We love you Keith, so glad to see you tweeting!
I try
I see a lot of young bright people who are throwing there lives away for nonsense.Think about your future more then the present.
Damn one more week and college is over
People like you more when you don't give a fuck.
Feeling like Monday here. What do you tell yourself when you need a tsunami of motivation and inspiration?
#cleveland vs This game is better than Christmas
it would be, btw, really nice to get demographic data on 50shades readership. somwhere.
Sometimes a little bowl of truth is all you need.
#codyjakeustream You know you wanna give a shoutout to Sammy Megan and Jackie from NY ;D
And if I ever lose my hands, lose my phone, lose broadband, O if I ever lose my hands, I won't have to update my status no more.
Can you believe 70% of email worldwide is SPAM...
thanks. I like that the led uses less energy. I have one of each and can't decide which to keep upstairs. Leaning led.
Is success really about talent? To me success is much more about dedication, persistence, resilience & giving up on "trying" and just doing.
Just remembered why I liked being single.....
No more Rosie Perez ????
#pageantgirls make sure to follow the new miss greater rochester
Blown away by how young #entrepreneurs are changing the world. What's your secret ?
Tony told us this world was ours and the Bible told us every girl is sour
Why you worry about me dam fool I know your team suck don't get mad
how cool passed this on to FB
Poor thing.. Some things just wouldn't surprise me. It does say "comedian" in her bio. ;)
super sore...
we love dogs but would prefer humans only tonight.
You're welcome! I hope you have a great night, too.
New treatment combo safer for aggressive breast cancer
Missing my family tonight. Sometimes Skype and txting isn't enough.
I'm available if you haven't found anyone yet.
And btw, you did a great job on drshow, even tho i don't agree w/ all your points. :)
How many people are pissed off right now
#Adamhirsh CEO Mashable loves Evernote and so do I. If you don't yet check it out
it's been a while since I've tweeted...nothing much has changed except sissy works a lot more & I'm just lazier haha
We're ready to rock!
Dear -- PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE remember that none of the characters have graduated from NYU/Columbia - and your writing is sucking
hello everyone :D
Oh I read that wrong. I thought you meant I was the best! :) rushing home to watch the show live!
whaaaaaaa. sadness fills my soul!!!!
now following wit her gorgeous ass
Everyone is an explorer. How could you possibly live your life looking at a door and not open it?
I didn't even know you could DO that! That is life changing information. I am going to try to figure that out right away!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 10.
Just got back from Walgreens....just a note, you really *shouldn't* go commando when wearing white leggings...
OH MY GOD. I had to do a triple take! I found your future self!
oh god I'm so sorry
Congrats!! I absolutely *love* her name -- so beautiful.
As a Portland fan I now have to either choose the Lakers or the team that eliminated the Blazers? I choose neither.
Effective June 15, we're centralizing our product/service offerings under the EnergyWise brand..my handle and web address will reflect that
Theres a difference between "ok" and "okay"
AFC Championship rematch Week 3 against Patriots should be interesting. Home game too.
Stella. Jazz and a burger at the bar. It's been a long week. In NYC getting ready for ToyFair.
the feelings mutual :)
The #literary world is made up of little confederacies, each looking upon its own members as the lights of the universe.
nice try moussa, nice try..
the library is an art museum. student artwork on display for qar team.
I'm not sure if we have time for the Biebs. But maybe his people could call our people
yes but there are getting it done
Sleeping late tomorrow. Nice!!!
Falling asleep at work...BAD...falling asleep and SNORING
Dancing pregnant woman? ...I bet the baby is like wtf??
door of her family's home and goes into her room. It woke her up and asked, 'Would you like to play a game?' The little girl agrees and
The people you will meet at flanigans... Final tomorrow at 1030. Lets do it
ineed those in my life FAST
Thanks to all my new followers :) and my followers
For those dealing with grief- If you have ever untangled a ball of string, you know that yanking and pulling only makes it worse. You...
MUSIC MAKES THESE THUGS....CALM DOWN :)<3
why u wish it was different
Drop by for Pub Quiz tonight @ 7:30! Trivia Fact: Over 10 million glasses of Guinness are sold every day. Are you doing your part?
did cvs self checkout. my change was $16 even and the machines spit out a one a five and a dime. no bueno
damn right... I think ur the 2nd lady that I know who's a #FALCONS fan and #Georgia fan at the same time. U rock Trisha!!!
“Burned” and “burnt” both were born in the 1500s and both remain acceptable. In the U.S., -ed prevails, but -t is used for colors.
I might just barely be able to pack up all my clothes and the books and comics, but then those night splints...
You live the life, Ray.
Dreamed that someone had rearranged all of my CDs. This was not a good dream.
I really feel like today will change my life for the better !
Hiring promoters for for all venues dm or tweet for details :)
I'll be in your house like in 30 mins alright? :D
Nope! Made it out alive! Lol
Really? I thought it was kitzhopper? :)
you know my name, not my story,you've heard what i've done, not what i've been through
haha the one team we all can agree, that needs to go away..
Europe, any ideas? Also can you send me the apartment you had in Paris?
Awesome guys! Thank you so much! We are so pumped! :D
Ahh, I just threw up in my mouth.
"You know your voice is kind of nice when your mouth isn't screwing it up"
i learned how to say hi my name is daniel in portuguese today.
Hope to see some of you at #ICA's 2010-2011 opening concert at St. Gregory's on September 12 at 4PM.
im just going to go and sleep for the rest of my life.
Funny Comic!!! RT If you're in NYC, deliciously hilarious indeed (& just plain d-lish, really) Comic Strip Live
hell yeah! When are they coming to Milwaukee?
you liked it.
It sickens me that this vid was not made to help those poor children. The main goal is to support war because they have oil. Wake up people.
Special shout out to all of my #BoysOfWinter at #Verona HS...State Bound!! Congrats on getting to this point...now finish the job.
strange, huh?
meet me there
Shelter vol grp says dog safe-has deposit RT : NC-Emily out of time STUNNING terrier/collie girl is scared. Euth MONDAY 2/15!
#yobitv not a bad look dude
looks so good I'm jealous lol
This also means you only have two more days of listening to us pitch about the WONDERFUL FANTASTIC FUN COOL TERRIFIC Book Show. :)
What time is it where everyone is? O_O
I like that!!!! I have to say I am favoring them.
It would make my life If i could get a A follow back! I fall asleep to your music most of the time, your voice is beautiful!
yes I would
Tell Me Who The BEST!!!
and all that happens everyday Sometimes people break apart Sometimes you make more friends
#Imagine u're in Austin first music video and he fall in love with you just then way Justin fell in love with jasmine ! : ) <U+2665>
is anyone having issues with playing recordings of #gototraining this week. suddenly i can't play 'em on windows media.
Can you ask for an intervention or do they *have* to be a surprise?
So awesome! Love it.
sup wit it?
ice cold #linsanity never gives up
I love her like no one else
In some states, such as Oregon, Calif, stringent restrictions or prohibitions on non-compete agreements
I weighed in at 246.3 today. Are you kidding me?
keep your head up and always be happy!(:
*raises hand*
WBAL... Always late to the breaking news phone notification party.
You know there's something wrong when your little cousin has a girlfriend named Steven. Lmfao love you Gabe xD
#MadMen Memories: Parents having awkward "hip" cocktail parties in new Don Draper living rooms.
"This talk of a $100 Billion IPO for Facebook is mind boggling.” >> Agreed....I'm speechless.
Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel great, extraordinary, and at peace with myself.
Hey everybody! We are in Montgomery eating Chinese at YaYaNoodle Yippee!!!
80 More Likes On My Video & You Guys Get To Hear Me Sing The Whole Song Go On My Profile & Like It (:
So much work to get done by tomorrow, hope I make it happen.
So sweet. 10 year friendship!
Taking it easy tonight!
Damm I'm Impressed w/ myself! It took me like 15 min to get 30 followers
ima need u for that bro...u down to be in the vid too?
I know this came out a month ago, but did anyone else finish reading the NYTimes' "Stupid Games" article and proceed to download more games?
“: and patty thank you!! You know what you did tonight! A full 13hr friend shift!!” that's what friends are for!
Had to try an play that off
Glad to have back on twitter :) made my night.
baby ima fuck you so hard your gonna love it <U+2665>
its okay. if I don't go today, and you're feeling better would you want to go tomorrow maybe?
"And it is through fantasy that children achieve catharsis. It is the best means they have for taming wild things.” RIP Sendak
Sarah Miller joins our gowing Cleveleand team as our newest Staff Engineer on October 28th! Welcome to to NTH, Sarah!
Fine..? forget it :)
Home sick from work. The plague has officially taken down another roommate.
awesome thanks!
On the way to the health department with Christen to get shots. yaayy!! *sarcasm* lol
love olly murs to bits and OMG Ed Sheeran is the love of my life. Whenever he sings, an angel gets its wings loll
Aw snap cute! Ur Clothes? Or a present? Lol RT : Thursday before mothers day a package for mommy should come
IT A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT TODAY BUT IT A LITTLE COLD .........;)
a smart person wouldnt put it on facebook.....smh
when you coming back up to Boston??
someone reads failblog
thanks! hope to reconnect with #DCDataDive and #ScraperWiki folks at this weekend's 2012
pifft w/e me and you are geting marry babe ;')
i did
The cover of Whatever with the song Honestly is on the phone of the new T-Mobile commercial COOL!!
Peeped this documentary about Derrida, philosophy is tripped out. Lots of questions after questions after questions...
I believe they bought Splinter. I own that one. They claim Dog Soldiers is as well. Anonymous Rex it is.
excellent! Please be a terrible surfer...
Hi Federica! Glad you are enjoying the lessons :) I love Italy!
thanks, Whitney!!!
Hey! You only bought me a pie cuz it was two for 1! Nice try lol
lol what?I do?
YOU ROCK!! Tx for Coming by. Any dessert?
Yes. Send me email;
God is not limited or obligated to fulfill His promise on my timetable...Truth.
Welcome to the grand re-opening of the Oakbridge Academy of Arts twitter! I'm your host : Admissions Coordinator Todd Tondera.
#sorry4thewait but Heart of the King is now on sale in #atlanta Sept 18th at Atlanta Symphony Hall it's a "Sure Thing" bit.ly/ElvisShow
magic windows had it right!
Happy Birthday :)) <33
ill hate on him for u
Kk I have to go to dinner with my cousins but I'll text ya later! Maybe we can hang with nick and one of his friends??
Earn a 6 figure residual income in 2-3 years. NO get rich quick schemes. Only a proven system that pays you if you follow it DM me 4 details
whew! I'm really tired as hell right now.. it is like almost midnight over here! xD ok you gaiz good nightt <33
Laguna Hills' Anne Pankowski, 16, - a former #AnaheimLadyDuck - could make the U.S. Women's National Team for the
Yes! Like everyone else in her orbit, I seem to be in love with Lorelei myself.
making meatloaf here tonight as well!
why would you measure time like that and fractions aren't supposed to have decimals
Arts and crafts for my sisters wedding, biggest loser, and some
They're pretty fresh man. I swear by mine. I see you got my Brooker reference Nicole/Brit “: - #mermaids”
Check out the different colors that Clear2Go bottles w/ filters come in at www.Clear2O.com
I fell asleep drinking rum, watching Candyman, woke up and everything was directed by Mick Garris.
Good to know; I'll have to check it out from school on Monday. Have a great weekend!
yeah, austin rules! I know a couple of people in the library, but not super well...where else are you looking?
Final #ASECS12 panel: Disciplinary Approaches to 18c Material Culture
sweet. Will be fun. I'll stay on top of ticket situation. We shld coordinate w/Brian too. He has a bunch of season tix for work
?? You OK over there? Don't make me airlift some Swedish fish.
Nothing like a beer & a dog from El Presidente!
Great outing w/ students from Tx School for the Blind and Visually Impaired this past Monday! Training barge = new lake experiences
Beach House always puts me in a chill ass mood.
cake batter
“: I die a little inside every time I see an old person sitting alone at a restaurant.”
I vote for
can I have some? Sounds delicious
Haha no one has finished their socio paper yet xD so funny
This afternoon, I am going to attemp to put together a tv stand, you know those kind in a gazzillion pieces with only one screw in the box
GOP spin machine spinning wheels instead, unable to think of "divide and conquer" answer and just wishing it would go away.
Whose the dj? @ Estilo Me and dj deton8...
I&#39;m n Cali jus saw sme body n t town tweet that that night
I'm almost done(: 3 more questions!
if you don't like them I'll bit them from you, which this isn't going to happen.
Officialy a fan!! Just heard the mixtape.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!!
I don't really wanna talk about it cause every time I talk about it I go off about it.
Thanks Rob!! Was great seeing you!!
Taco bell it is
- Wasn't Maurice Clarett busted with a bottle of ? You'd think he would have been sauced on
Always collect on your invoices. If you let a single client get away with not paying you have started a bad trend.
Glad I have all (A)s on myy report Card.!!
Singing quartet #valentine was a hit with my husband but glad I was home, he thought they were a religious group until they started singing
RT - Grand Opening Weekend at Red Hot Yoga! Free classes all weekend, free workshops & a special $39/month deal on WWW.dailydealsquad.com
Crosby need to change his diaper? #whaaaaa": : Bylsma on Schenn hit on Sid: "clearly a cheap shot" #Penguins #Flyers"
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being broke :( lol. i need a job -.-
Im a man of the law, but i still can't shake the devil
At basketball practice with my boys,gettin ready 4 da playoffs.
"stop being nice its MEAN!" -
RT RT It's so important to dream, if you don't, you will never find what is beyond your dreams.
BidClerk Assumes Key Sponsorship Role At AIA 2012 Convention
"Walked in the lunchroom, what did i see? 3 lunch ladies looking back at me" - overheard on PBS just now
Ok bye. Nice talking to you too!
Proven nutrition fortified with vitamins & minerals and formulated to keep you feeling full and satisfied.
Letting my hair grow out, miss my curls
Third consecutive morning of 8 am CLEs yields unruly crowd who almost demand head of poor speaker not speaking directly into mike.
U Steady Destroying What We Trying 2 Build
The 'people' who walk about as fast as my grandma <<<<
The Harvest is Great!
Rip whitney houston gone but Neva forgotten
#Austin anyone has any lunch suggestion for tomorrow downtown?
I wish I could sing!
“: The Devils finally made the Rock shake last night. Can they get back there to do it again?" what say you ?
Hate is just a word for someone you love, but no longer believe in.
#rapportive acquired by LinkedIn yesterday...finally someones seeing the value
Even though I try to deny it, by the end of the day your still on my mind..
I ONLY ROCK WIDD WIT PPL DAT ROCK WIT ME :) NBS
Have you tried linking Secondgear's Elements app to the Dropbox directory you're using for nvALT? It works nicely for me.
“Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings
seasons changed & mad things rearranged but it all stays the same like the death of all these celebrities with non prescription drugs.
that sounds like a lovely morning.
Where's Hawaii I need your card!
Yup not feeling this dress to impress day tomorrow for senior week so I'll be wearing sweats & sperry's...
you don't look fat.
yes I did the same.
When did frozen yogurt start tasting so good?!?!? Cake Mix with crushed oreos, my fav.
RT : A1: these avenues help us foster an ongoing dialogue w/ followers; instead of static posts.
miss you too xP
Get it while it lasts! $10 off this weekend only to download for just $19.99 balb.us/S4G_app
Clippers CANNOT handle Andrew Bynum.
THANKS A LOT for support!
Awesome! RT“: at the Cincinnati Public Library looking at microfilm of my great grandfather's column in the Cincinnati Enquirer
my email inbox is like a slot machine today!
I just finished a 2.30 mi run with a pace of 9'15"/mi and a time of 21:21 with Nike+ GPS.
Sounds great!
kentucky! whats good thnx for being the home of kfc :-) im a fatty i love food. i dont think tfk would sound right texas fried chicken
At the scrap yard recycling some aluminum. Always try to recycle before throwing anything away!
Any librarians out there have policies on patrons bouncing from computer to computer in rapid succession?
Headed to shoot sold out basketball, SDSU ranked #9 vs. CSU tonite.
Wash our mate's feet in a warm bowl of water.
Can STAT's contract be voided due to off the court stuff?
must repeat this to myself!
Homework,homework,homework and more homework!!!!!!!! Stupid homework !!!!!!!!!!-_-
“: Its actually slick cute. RT : My mom named me after a razor...wtf was she thinking o_O”// <U+263A> thanks
i ate them all before i took the photo. pistachio is delicious.
From Oz: Fresh Hot Apple Pies at Masthead and Jefferson untill 1 PM
Justin Bieber replaced Ray J on The Money Team?
Great add Julie! I am off to do my power walk this morning! Have a fantastic day!
Thanks for playing! Sorry you didn't make it. We'd still like to send you something if you're interested!
Ancient Greece final...you are my everest!
but for real its five guys watching two guys play computer chess with quiet youtubes in the background
yes it is
*shakes off sadness * Hell yea happy time lol
We're officially 90% SOLD OUT as of 30 mins ago for GROOVE CRUISE 2013. Msg me now for your last chance to book & get $50 off per person!
OMG, it totally smells like Hawaii Toast on the #6 train - my favorite food after swim training when I was a child. So yum!
Yes we will We're expecting a great turnout. cc.
killed it!
Looking forward to seeing the bulls get eliminated today
We archive things so people can find them -
we gotta eat some corndogs in our costco socks asap grrrlll. im tryna make it to the eug for cinco de mayonnaise.
Its midnight. I officially can't digest anything until after the surgery tomorrow. Did I mention I'm having nose surgery tomorrow....again??
Well Abe is a little to tall for the camera but he here.
Not to feel too bad; we in IL gave the fed prison system former governors George Ryan & shortly Rod Blagojevich.
Great footage!
what a great model for capturing authentic and transparent video - two key ingredients to WOM and building advocates...
I'm lately to the party! Hi suga!
What are the four things that occur at a first appearance?
i think i need to change my picture now.. the brofro is gettin played out. lmao
It is so sad that Whittney Houston has died
hahaha. Great man.
"It's you... you're the rocket man."
I'm so bored someone talk to me!!:/
RT : Glenn Beck attacked Debra Medina for questioning 9/11, yet he did the same thing himself. 1:05 into this video:...
#raw10 Only a poor Frog praise his own Pond _ my Grandmother - Nana
Live Music at the HAWTHONRE BURGERVILLE 6-9pm today featuring three bands: The Zoo Girls, Yourrival and Profcal. Come joins and rock it!
hehe that was so scary!! Thanks liza :)
the book or the post?
Simply starting your project forces decisions & narrows focus, which frees you to do your best and most creative work. Just start. 3 of 3
just watched the replay - what did you think of the event and how did you make out on the betting?
Rewatching Galaxy match from yesterday: artificial turf should never be approved for soccer, Beckham's goal better than most today
@ WAAL conf - great people, programs, socializing, tough work!
“: That was both of us, brother : <-witness of AARP couple making out” see what I did there? If you QT or RT...
Thanks for sending over the Goal Setting Guide. It has been very useful, Currently working on Single Handling.
Texting. Pictures. Chillin. Dinner. She's unsure. movie. Caressin' , she's into it. I'm unsure. Clinger. Annoyed . She needs it . Ignoring..
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be con
goooodbyeee :) text it .
I mean, stuff happens...right?
#kyrieroy melbourne Australia
DETROIT'S ANGEL I EVEN GOT RED WINGS
On board heading home
I'm so high i was laying here for the longest with my eyes closed
Jenni Graham to the rescue! Thank you for the donation
Ok #BatMagic time
Sometimes my heart just hurts....
I have a code for a free full version of EA's Tetris for iPhone that is up for grabs VIA the app store. U.S. only.
Thank thank you for pledging a substantial amount to our kick starter account! Wow! Now Das what I'm talking about baby!!!!!
talk talk talk talk
If I'm MIlls, I just pitch around Pedro here to get to the pitcher spot.
Its offical I just wrap up today shooting my film I DO with Jamie Lynn Seigler from the Sopranos she's a doll to work with now on to FBD.
“: The herps. RT : Hey dolls! What does it mean when your lip randomly swells up like crazy??!!!” HAHAHAHA
should it be shes a 10 or Ten, and is it beats or productions?
I guess the hidden blessing in losing my phone is being forced to finally change all my passwords
youre right but its not like i didnt not punch. It broke somehow!
Joe Griffin offers complete Net Marketing including SEO, Guaranteed First Page Placement, Link Building, and Social Media set up.
j/k... get better!
M, what's that smell? Oh, that's a turkey roasting in the oven. I just couldn't wait for turkey sandwiches.
We are always ready to pizza party. RT : Who's ready to pizza party?
Homework, homework, homework. This research paper is getting old, and we haven't even started the second week of class yet. Lovely.
For anyone who hasn't bought So Listen by on iTunes should go buy it now!!!!!! It's amazing!!! I promise!!! :)
Movies with my sexxy boyfriend <3
r u joining the bags league at the social club
Mothergod advocate: 'It's not a coincidence you hear from us all the time!' Me: 'well I lived in Herald Square' Him: 'oh.'
Nice! Why's it so cheap in the first place? I thought it was supposed to be $50 per pan for high quality cast iron?
#ThatDepressingMoment when you go to hang out with 4 people and none of them talk to you the whole time.
They are highly under appreciated. They're one of our major food groups!
Has anyone managed to sit through all of Tree of life?
month ago
I wanted that shirt! Unfair! Your dad better have used those Constitution Cntr tix...although I do love my pizza stone
Do you ever wish you had your own personal box of donuts?
Thanks! Same to you. Had a great time...if I had known hockey practice was that much fun I would have strapped on skates long ago.
That is also a good point.
god forbid they run a Wade-LBJ pick-and-roll.
Now receiving a box of macarons to take home. Yum!
yeah buddy!!! Hahaha
Home from the gym and training... Ahh what a day !!! Now it's time to relax and eat !! Hope everyone had a great training day!!
You're crazy man.
I'm going to be so SINGLE this summer
I defy you to find any info on #CLE airport free wi-fi on Hopkins site. If there it's buried.
Thank you to Dr. John S. Peery, Optomitrist, for sponsoring the 2012 CASA Superhero Run! We hope to see you all there!
so in school today at the bullying assembly this lady said u could go to jail if we cyber bully ...... i went str8 face on her like lma
So many great events going on in Philadelphia tonight and Free Comic Book Day is tomorrow.
I'd love a picture of Aaron Rodgers chasing a femullet around the airport with a camera phone. Who's with me?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 90
Have you heard about the generous artists supporting #MartellArtworks 2012? Thank you & , to name a few!
Ready to graduate already :/
Hey I like how the Lakers suck that makes me happy.
uh hi i'm in a band and i smoke, give me your vagina a hur hur hur
haha see? Whats not to like?
She's great!!! :) RT : Still a few days left to take advantage of $15 off Massage! Valid thru Nov 15
so, i was watching one of you videos and my ovaries exploded. In order for them to heal correctly, you will need to follow me
Poor old max makes interesting noises. LOL
#GrinDKinGz own #LoveNotes dropping this month
The next Fast and Furious movie should be called Spoiler Alert.
WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIEE<U+2764>
Holy hunger games i'm not pk
i have both nooks.ipad and sne i love my nook but i buy amzs books its seems like amz fell behind with kindle n technology
Thanks for the #FF love Paula! Haven't been on Twitter all week. Hope all is well!
I wear converse, nikes, that's pretty much it haha
jealousy the ugliest trait.
Apps are great! :-) RT : Excellent! on my way over to my #Wordpress app lol
The #NYR are a deep, young team but the #Caps weren't a typical 7th seed
Far from being an exact science.
Welcome, Bobbi! RT : Looking forward to the next year serving as President of the Student Body
The Pop Traveler: 10 reasons to visit Savannah! - USA TODAY
Friends of Portland dumpster diver accuse him of throwing away too much stuff.
In LA for the weekend. Living through 2 DC summers makes it seem cold here.
RT : WOO awesome day. Heading to for my monthly massage AND its beautiful weather out. Relaxation is priceless!! :)
Taco Tuesday is 5-7pm at the Elks lodge - have something good to eat at a good price. The PPCUG meeting starts at 7:15pm.
don't worry Ariana Grande has a really hectic schedule but she will eventually!
take some meds or go to bed and that may work for the head ache
death without vocal cords? i think you might be overestimating the functionality of our vocal cords.
“ If you don't like me, I'm okay with that, just don't pretend that you do.”
“Progress is impossible without change, and those who ca
just spent the last two hours working on one line. i think i need a break.
A win would be significant. Remember, we didn't win here last year. Manny Harris just had a good game.
we have a good feeling the colts will get their first win this weekend
Albino please!
Total role reversal on some people. Very interesting. Very.
apparently its not better to tell the truth...idk I think I'll be ok.
Time for the festivities to begin
Skimmed it. Does it say something about the black bloc working for the cops? I agree BB is terrible and harmful.
A #colloquialism, E. No big deal. Just going over some of the #lyrics I spun. But, I do remember
#NotYourStandardBingo is warming up at !!!!!!
So...can we start ice skating lessons again? Next Saturday would be great!
I am great, thanks =) Finally happy with where I am and what I'm doing.
I emailed him and told him we need to hang out.
Just waiting on my chipolte to be here now..
You know it brother. Time card 2.0
First person to "like" this status wins a FREE book (up to $9.99 value) from our online inventory.
I just hit a fucking bird with my car! I'm a murderer!!!
Dewpoint & temperature within 2 degrees meaning drying conditions poor for chip repairs. Not scheduling any more repairs at this time.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you think too highly of yourself.
Welcome to the world Blue! We love you already! :)
we don't say, "look at that Black banker", or "he's a good white soccer player". those ain't nothing but boxes and labels.
Nice pic. SAG/AFTRA is launching a campain to help military veterans called . I'm a local actor/vet. Thanks!
wtf kind of people do u follow
How can we best keep you informed without "SPAMMING" you??
What's going on with Leg Day? Anyone headed in to give us the scoop?
Have a safe and blessed day!
When i talk to you my heart starts pounding of excitment
I literally just say down to study and I've already been distracted by twitter 3 times
Ladies: how do you feel about being referred to as a "female"?
T.E.A.M. together every1 achieves more RT : Helping somebody achieve their goal is 1 of the coolest feelings u can have. Try it!
Updating one of my #WordPress databases and it had not recovered all of my custom fields. Trying a full backup from my host now.
Getting the farmhouse ready for Christmas on the Farm this Sat & Sun. Come join us for an 1890s holiday! 10:30 - 3:30 each day.
Sponsorship "game" has changed...If you want to know how...let me know!
Thanks for the kind tweets!
im ready for the weekend.
Flipping crud omg I forgot to get that paper signed
dm me your email for the beats
SEO Consult® Announce Online Marketing Partnership With Virgin Balloon Flights
'Alternating Gender Incongruity' Causes Rapid Shifts Of Gender, Scientist Claims - Huffington Post
I dont have a ride
This is Nokia’s Answer to the App Store?
When you're a Jet you're a Jet all the way...
Playing @ County Line on Lake Austin tomorrow night. 6-9pm. Walker Martin on fiddle y'all - join us!!
I think it will take some serious data analysis :) and to be fair, it's 's hypothesis
Anyone remember hearing about an objection to the term "contingent faculty" recently? I thought I did, but I'm drawing a blank now.
RT : Q3) What new technology are you most excited about implementing in the next 3, 6, 12 months?
open source curation solution was obvious: Wordpress and the "Press This" bookmarklet.Hadn't seen forest through the trees.
You drank it all! Now we have Stygian Darkness on tap. Darker and Belgian but still delicious and still 9%!
Fabulous Quote!!! You two set a great standard for your on screen talents and off screen doings!!!!
Oh, right. I thought perhaps you were a wizard.
Hulu+ and Amazon VOD are my two reasons for loving and sticking with my trusty
Someone take me home #please I'll pay you.
Kanye this Saturday at VEVO Power Station in Austin. We got tix and skip the line passes! Follow and RT to win!
yeah I'm curious if is open to the public also
5 straight 3's?! Are you kidding me?
Donald and Petra KILLED IT! Awesome!
thanks for the shout out yesterday! very interesting article!
#INTERNSHIP #SanDiego internship to start 2/6. Resumes ASAP to:
our classic joke!!(: gotta love basketball times!!!
The moon looks awesome tonight. Newt Gingrich was gonna let me live there. You guys ruined it.
I respect their intent, but Yelp's review filter is as heavy handed as a cartoon dictator
Congrats on the PR!! RT : I think I finally made peace with the 10K distance today. 36:46 and a new PR! Onward and upward.
check your dmsssss
I freckle so much in the sun
it's good motivation to eat it!
damn that's awesome! What's football like in the year 20,012???? Flying players? Aliens? Teams on Mars? Tell us please!!!
why would that matter not like we missing something with Smith
Can someone explain to me why I would ever need to wait 10 days for my unsubscribe request to be executed? Shouldn't this be instantaneous?
um doing laundry? Sleeping. My hair needed to be washed. Yes.
in Miami waiting for my flight to London! apparently it's 51 degrees and rainy <U+270C>
MEN Sale Tag Footwear 20% off... JORDANS AND NIKE TOO
Wish the weather was just like this everyday
Okay, Mayweather has my support again. Triple H is in his corner.
I promised upcoming craft/antique show stationery in shabby chic, victorian and steam punk, I should get off computer and start making stuff
I am hesitant about "forward" because I like Global History as a tool for reassessment. Using it to shift the lens.
Mmmm96344557 like a sweet, "tiene un arreon" i love him, but, you won't marry me, sorry!! ;)
I didn't play colts last year lol?
Thats it im adding privet jet to my Christmas list!
I know. Mine is usually half good and half random things that I'm not sure I ever mentioned.
There will be an sighting at the B/R SF writer meetup next Thursday at B/R HQ. Kick back beer(s) with yours truly, too.
Hi Mark, nice to see you in the land of twits.
Channel Vision's Home WIRELESS audio system is awesome we have it working in our show room simply amazing NO WRIES
you always lose your headphones! Haha
#Cox server problems in Tulsa? Can't open email from laptop, iphone or #cox webmail.
Most important thank you to and Kristin Fasbender of the #NCAA for giving me the opportunity to volunteer this week.
Worried for my Canadian colleagues. Just know *you're* not surplus, and don't let the bastards get you down.
The 12th works for me. We're having an event at the Barrick on the 11th. (11-11-11 is the day MOST like corduroy, so...)
It is snowing right now. #totallynotreadyforwinter. #notwhiningjustsayin'. Good night
If I'm ever rich I'm buying a zamboni, case closed. Could cruise the streets or clean up glazed-over icy ponds and lakes
I was going to have a baked potato for lunch. The i realized it had scales. O.0
I don't have time for games
I am determined to win so that I can see it! I cannot wait. I hope you like it :D Where will you see it?
It just happens, lol! There are so many hackers out there! Glad everything is ok!
Climbing saturday and sunday in kentucky!
So I finally installed instagram yall already know what it is: Studville
no really.. go its your break bahahahaha
If I die tomorrow someone please feed the sex slaves I have chained up in the basement.
lol what i say
Your salad has steak! Lucky Webuquerque.
JUST HIT 300 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!
Traffic was brutal on Roosevelt Rd a couple hours ago...unless you were on a bike.
Welcome to the Jungle? Original Craig Kimbrel
Thanks for registering and we look forward to seeing you!
the feeling is mutual <3
rules. That is all.
#IfAustinMahoneDidntExist I would die, I would be a lonely nubb because my husband wouldnt exist(; is my everything<3 ilovehim
Tonight: a celebration of the life & music of Terry Dolan (Terry & the Pirates) w/ Greg Douglass, Mario Cipollina, Nick Gravenites & more!
An opportunity for those of us 12 years old and OLDER to run the bases is a much needed promotion at Safeco.
how are you ? I love you <U+2665><U+2665> you are my idol, my inspiration:)
Looking for a way to help your kid go to bed? Try the iLive Clock Radio, it changes colors as it lulls him to sleep.
Are there videos for periods 5 and 6?
Thanks for the BBQ!! RT : Thanks for the Lucille's Apple Butter! It taste great on my Hawaiian Bread!
AP exams over and I had no motivation to go to class this morning.
Kay I just got really excited when I got a new follower just now & then it wasn't Harry so my excitement died
What is Body Mass Index? - The BMI formula is a simple combination of your height and weight, which is designed to provide valuable...
Please check my artist page for instrumentals .www.pmpworldwide.com/Detroits-Filthiest
RT : Improve is my word of the day. Make your mind up to do something to improve your life. Then do it.
Yeah, African-American unemployment is at 22.7 percent, but guess what ... 97.1 percent of them will vote for us no matter what we do!! HAHA
You as well, hope your week is off to a great start!
What. A. Day. Luckily I get to see tonight!
TV remote has been lost for two days now. Ive been forced to watch 20 episodes of Law and Order on TNT. Worst two days of my life.
LOL... you've got my mind reeling! Way too early for breakfast! Still drinking my latte!
your going?! Yaaaay!!
Lol somebody at school just randomly asked me if I was a gangster I said no I'm a rebel GET IT RIGHT:p
sup dude
Bench Rex now!!
Valentines Day! Now, how to get the guys to Etsy to buy some special handmade things for their gals...
I actually just learned that a week or so ago, thanks to Reddit.
if you're in LA, i'll help you love
soo i wear a dress today & everyones like 'why are you wearing a dress' & im like 'it doesnt have to be a speical ocasion to wear a dress'..
A recent article in The New England Journal of Medicine listed 55 diseases that can be traced back to eating #gluten. Do you need to go #GF?
Good find, just listening to Kimbra doesn't do her justice - the video is pretty amazing.
thanks for the tweet, you have inspired me
The Raven has been one of the best movies I've seen in a while! #Iverymuchenjoyedtonightsfestivities #avatartlatime c:
So that I can fail to structure it as a reply and confuse people who follow me and not you...
Dr. N. M. Kondap spoke on CIIHE’s #vision going forward in contributing to
tip: if you dye your hair, use the last little bit in the bottle to custom dye "blonde" hair ties to match. totally works.
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas When I woke up and laid there for 30 minutes.
I've ruined the internet for you. I'm sorry.
Had a really hard time choosing session for this slot. Went with the one on we conferencing.
I tend to play female characters if given the choice, and I'm a RAGING heterosexual
#happymothersday to all the mothers and grandmas today... :)
RT : enjoyed the oceanliner event & your museum very much especially the ships in the bottle exhibit & Titanic
Last year I lived in Bushwick with artists (mostly dancers) whose first languages were Chinese, Italian, Bulgarian, and Spanish.
Good Monday morning all. Hope ya'll have a great week.
No I just left.
Bourbon vs. Scotch. Where do you fall?
REAL TALK MADONNA COULD #GET IT
Pay attention folks, Biggie just got put on the DL... Hitting was down at Corpus in any event...
You've got to find what you love..don't settle..as with all matters of the heart, you will know when you find it.
Half of my body is sore! :(
A coffee shop (especially on a Sunday afternoon) is a locus of minute experience.
Spent yesterday in the sun with the wife, walking around Canton Trade Days, pulling a wagon-load of kids behind me like an ox. Good times!
i'm watching The Happening. if that type of epidemic ever occured, i'd be in a submarine
stay off the boards! They give/gave me the creeps.
Confession: I'm hooked on
Chicago--where else? ;)
YOU THE BEST!!
Haha okay, I'll have to check up on things and get things organized first, but I'll keep that in mind!
Say what? Turned off the obnoxious auto updater for blog edits. Should only post now when I add new videos.
Out with the old. In with the New!!!!
“: Are you showing the UFC also” Yes
I don't know .. I haven't heard anything good about no spot ...
It's my birthday today :)
Not at the table carlos
A guy who knows how to cook <33333
I feel like god came & took pounds of stress off of me. Thanks
Just tried using my Care Card as my train pass...
Good luck Justin Wilson and dale coyne at mid Ohio!!! cut another road course knotch on your belt!!!
A "cupcake blog?" You need to make her a reader! She's learn all kinds of great recipes
Ask not for whom the bell tolls. How the hell should I know?
did they all say trespasses?
FOH HAHA YA PUMA CAT LOOKING ASS GO SOMEWHERE EVERYONE SEEN MY FACE CUZ I AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT BUT EVERYBODY AFRIAD TO SEE YA
that was a joke. I love your books
has made history and will still be recognized for the amazing work he's done. This is just opportunity to do more great stuff.
it's official. . .I am the new Director of Career Services for the Las Vegas Campus of ITT Technical Institute!!!!!!!
working on presentation for SLCC about streaming live eclipse into SL, love idea of 5X5, short and easy!
claimed her as yours and named her miss voodoo!!
Zoning with 2 stats is the best option. I can send someone out to take a look if u would like.
Gotta get me a suga mama lol I can pay mi own bills I,just, want somebody to spoil me rt.
your phone needs to check itself, 'cause that sounds taaaasteeeee
Its friday...... It dont feel like one though! LOL
Notice that those in the Bible are recognize 4 what they did not what they had!
although if you can't watch them all, iron man and thor would be best. bad guy in avengers is from thor.
Came back home right on time to watch the second half of Jack White's concert. He's the man.
maybe this what people was telling about.... u know be patient u may find someone worth ur time.... idk fingers crossed!
Thanks for the kind welcome to Twitter, friends/loved ones/viewers. I figured it was time to see what all the fuss was about...
Fear factor!
RT: I love going barefoot all the time but my feet are now dirtier than an MP's expense claim.
i'm there til the 26th! we can continue our bromance in london as i'm doing a week visit! pizza in france nandos in london!
**TORNADO WARNING FOR KINGMAN CO**
you love justin bieber ?
So stressed, just want this week to be over
him for $100 a point to 21. Stop running it and show us how bad he is.
I feel good when I hold your hand, but when you're gone it's not enough.
Good morning, World! May your day be filled with joy, happiness, love, memories, and something you leave behind in a positive way.
Hey there, (StevenJMogg), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I was gonna say bc I'll take it if u don't want it lmao
Sex is not the answer, Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer(;"
Blago has a gets free room and board for 14 years on our tab.....great!!!! I hope he manages in a white collar prison
I feel a storm a brewin'.
tait said he never even said hi to joe in 7 years of riding on the same plane
Word of the day: phenology, the study of timing in nature. As opposed to phrenology, the pseudoscience based on the shape of your skull.
Yes, the night is done... But the fun has only just begun
Lost my contacts on my phone wtf
tonight im at The Leg Room on division st. for HUMP NIGHT! come in and get a cocktail all the way till 4am!!
I love watching people publicly embarrass themselves <3
no my brothers do I'm gonna start the kickboxing classes up there though!
that was due last week wasn't it?
safe travels hope to catch up next week! I will be hanging around with
How many things are you refusing to do because you are afraid? I challenge to take action or to say yes to something you're afraid of.
cool to listen in on u guys at music lab. Sounds great
Embarrassed to say that for all the times I've commuted thru L'Enfant, I never realized those were Wegman's dogs in space. Thanks!
afternoon buddy
Wanh! I don't get the joke. I hate that.
Loved seeing your adorable face. Thanks for the
Not sure a tweet can do this justice, but, incredible, incredible, incredible. What a touching film.
RT We're placing a flag for each of our stdnt soldiers in Spaightz Plaza on UWM campus to commemorate
how does Romney plan to equalize that nationwide if elected?
Proverbs23:10-1"Do not...or encroach on the fields of the fatherless, for their Defender is strong; he will take up their case against you."
#dearyoungself skip the ghetto phase please.
#BlackFriday is a scam
"To slip & make mistakes is inherent human nature. If mistakes weren't there, spiritual progress wouldn't be possible." -Dr. Abdul Hayy (R)
wouldn't that be terrible? I never met a 3D printer I liked
Wiz Khalifas voice is annoying and his music sucks -__-
Mass Effect 3 perfect up until the endings. The options really don't reflect the choices I made throughout each game
Me too! I was thinking about that yesterday lol
That's great! If you ever need anything, you know where to find us...:) Thank you!
Foods class was so boring. I hate watching pointless videos.
Again we want to thanks for a friend... just for stopping by.., tell ur friends about us.. is easy to remember T7 TEA..
First decided what you truly want. Then decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it
whats funny is watching 2 grown ass men attacking a female over sports PATHETIC FUCKS!!!!!!!
No kidding! Drop me a line and maybe I can take you around.
And now a homer from ! #GoRockies!
I was just interested in passing on the news; no mocking here.
- count me in and bring the Havana Club. Oops, not legal to say on here? Banned product. Woot.
Any redneck or Republican, it wouldn't kill you to
why you deleting tweets kid? And what is a 'N' like me?
I'm going out on a limb and predicting that there will be disappointed people tomorrow no matter what Apple announces.
you cannot look at a picture these days and tell which part is photography, makeup, photoshop.
What to do today.? Any Ideas.?
If spring is like a perhaps hand, winter is the touch once there, what's abruptly removed.
Thanks for the RT! The wine dinner was an absolute success! 55 guests enjoyed 7 courses of fab food & wine.
I want to hear something email me some music .!!
All my clothes don't fit in my suitcase
It's ironic, really. Ill just end up skipping choir for the nurse and go to the imc and get myself s comp. and get done brah
Paid $14 at the grocery store. Should have gone to Costco but still worth it.
What a beautiful autumn day!!! Now it really feels like fall (O:
Thanks for the follow!!
my nerves jus a lil bad right now tho i aint smoked all day!!
I hope not... Lol
Apple hit with national class action over iTunes double-billing
Had a great time with the family last night!!
thanks guys!
We’ll be giving away 5 books today on Twitter! Winners of the competition will be announced within 48 hours.
great song @
What are your thoughts on an #acting #reel? How do you prefer yours to be? Getting my new one done and want to see what people think!
Welcome to #twitter !! :)
Trivia tonight with DJ tonight at 9:30pm. Play to win free drinks and cash!
It's all about Jack White.
so sweet
Statistically I would say Asia, then North America followed by South America.
I will be in the office ALL day. Stop in for a one on one 2820 Jones
Haha #SmileySlut RT : Really? And here I always thought it was :-o.
wat u think chupete gonna say?
I wish you could too!! If you see us, Josh, please come say hi!
My mothers LGA-TPA Flt was cancelled. Res Nbr G6MTCG. Delta.com no help. When can I get her home? Need rebooking...
will keep you posted. I got great feedback doing my first flipped lesson w/ my honors class 2 weeks ago.
Premature Evaluation: Japandroids Celebration Rock - Stereogum
(Robert J. Ringer) Happiness is found in doing, not merely in possessing.
May the fourth be with you.
Its hard to make plans when you don't have a plan to make one..
So Chi Fung Is Basically A Mind Workout, A Total Approach To Fitness For Life, For:Stamina,Flexibility,Agility,Strength,Weight Control ...
To Rapids. Two meetings.
You found me when no one else was looking how did you know right where I would be?
RT : Omg I officially miss #teaminsomniacs Monique!!!!!!<Miss u too love! What's been up?!
Can't wait to drop this new bomb by our newest artist Andrea Dub this Thursday on Beatport...
Gone but NEVER FORGOTTEN<U+2665>
Remember we now have a 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15) Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Active Child up next at Black Cat.
This season was over at 0-4 last year.
I had 3 followers but the demons w/ no life decided to take the time to unfollow me... EVERYBODY FOLLOW ME, IM DESPERATE!!!!!!!
Make Good Choices In Life because You Only Have One.
Kyoot! I have a friend whose husband is making something like this -- with a movable run. She's going to paint it Victorian-ly.
#Rush's 1st Tweet! RT : Here's how the opposition astroturfs advertisers. Smart piece from Pls. Retweet ht ...
Put it this way, when and are in the same room, you are not getting a rebound
About to cook breakfast for everyone
i didn't do it either. it's only like, three paragraphs but i just can't push myself to do anything anymore. haha OOPS
happy valentines day ...!!!
Blackboard acquired for $1.64 billion
LOL! I have every confidence in ur judgement. I could take down court rooms during games- thank God I am not on TV :)
Diddy - Dirty Money - Coming Home ft. Skylar Grey
HOT DAY...Come in for a cool Ice Coffee or try any of ours Specialty Drinks over ICE...
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
ya i kno rite skool is so BORING
So irritated.
so does that mean your busy now or free?
Us plus possibly Andy Danny drew and NTBB
#coffee is like
UGH... THEY WERE PROBABLY NOT PAYING ATTENTION.
This storm hitting Lexington right now<<<<<<< Glad I'm not driving the car haha
Beard Music
very, very slim chance at this point in time.
You should reply and go through the interview and see if you make it past the recruiter "interview." LOL...
“: Did you know, the word "BRIDE" actually used to mean "COOK"?”
did you get pix of the singers?
I<U+2764>the newest addition to the historic broadway street. It's just what the spring arcade needed.
it sure is. Just got to my hotel room. Gonna go exploring!
omg if i had a role in anything with i'd totally die (:
my text message isn't working
hii did you seen my tweet lol ? :)
Working in different communities of practice as a librarian.
Watching #OfficeSpace for obvious reasons. ;)
You guys are so cool.
Gladwell puts #CFB into perspective: If you drive (w/o seatbelt) 25 mph into a brick wall 1000x it's the equivalent of a CFB season.
He is awesome. I need to stock up on the latest guitar magazines. Vintage Guitar mag is one of my faves :)
My publisher accepted a short ebook proposal and turned it into a simultaneous hardcover/softcover release. Wow!
Ugghh I Need A Red Shirt For School Tomorrow :O
hopefully the day ends as well as it started!
Anyone interested in training out of an upscale horse facility w/ covered arena about 35 miles SE of Dallas contact me. Share profits only.
So that's how u beat Barcelona. All we need is to play 10 and have 6+ in the box to defend. Easy.
Your "Anonymous" #Q&A was genius. Attack your guests more often.
Been a while, def time for a night tonight
Will check it out! Thx! :D
why are you retweeting this garbage, Alolita? How could an API be copyrighted? It's functional, not creative.
Because the simplest answer is most often correct.
It's 11:11 and I wish that would follow me! <3
YO!!! DM ME YA EMAIL...I GOT A TRACK THAT I KNO Y'ALL WILL LOVE PRODUCED BY ME, AND I CAN HEAR RICK ALL OVA IT...
I wonder how I'll look in clogs...
#FF & thnx again for your input! Have an amazing & productive weekend!
o as of right now?
Other highlights included the event delivering the fourth-largest audience ever for an NHL game on VERSUS in the U.S
Romney flip-flops on charges against Obama?...what else is new? Romney doesn't know what end is up. #EpicFailGOP Romney the Shape-shifter
I fell off twitter since the app updated
hey Eliza would you be down for another interview with ? We talked to you at E3 2009 and would love to catch up!
just had superb service at the store in Springdale OH. The leadership there must be commended on the training of the staff!
Park & Columbia sounds exotic..
#MyGoalFor2012 to put on the map.
I'm really sick of spam :(
RT : Earth Networks newest part is launching environmental observation networks #greennet local GHG detectors
lol thanks star....
was so fine in the movie MUST SEE
Publishers, Agents, Editors. #Ihaveanidea! Franchise thousands of stories already written. Everyone is a star, everyone buys. STF 1912
Block editor- adjust app layout and behavior. Need current version of Java, find and install usb drivers for phone to be able to use
lol you have the summer to go lol
I had to go to the mall with some out of town guests about a month ago. It was panic attack-inducing.
yeah i know but oh well
Just finished editing a summary of our recent roundtable on third-party #tuition intermediaries (b/w #highered and employers).
R•T•W•E•E•T if u need new followers I can get u 50 must be followin me I will even SHOUTOUT u out cum on ppl
ya sure. I'm in Southfield till Thursday then I'm flying DTW -> SEA at 7:55. Then I'm on the red eye on Sunday SEA -> DTW.
Good morning Twitter Family, have a Blessed Sunday.
ProTip: If you are going to ask for feedback, be prepared to accept it.
Got up to use the restroom, ending up puking and pissing myself on the way.
check out new photos from Colorado @ www.pbase.com/issyr Have a great COLORADO day!! Its gorgeous out today!
Thanks! we think the weatable bouquet will be popular.
That sharks' teeth have evolved from their skin, rather than their skeletons.
Love lazy Sunday's by the pool!
I would love to see live! Come to Kentucky?
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -James J. Corbett
I've pulled more tail than a slow kid at a petting zoo, x)
We love you too! Happy weekend! RT Love these #app folks:
I want 2 go out on a nice/romantic dinner date **clears throat** <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
How about Eggs Benedict for Mother's Day with Mimosa?
Thank you for making me feel beautiful for three minutes and twenty seven second Harry. X
Coffee brewing. The day's looking up.
Rationality attempted in an anti-smart-meter conspiracist thread on the neighborhood listserv. I know I'm going to regret this…
mention those hoes
STEPPED OUT FOR A SEC ON A SKOOL NIGHT LMAO.
I've got a Mil-town wave on my front lawn (patterned mow) ! My bf needs to get back 2 work...lol
": I want to go to ritz Friday but i don't have a party buddy : ("
We are at Casa watching sassafaz sound check..shows about to start, come out for a great night of tunes in Athens!
for not eating bao today?
is it tip off yet??? Go
I had no idea you were the social media maven for Division J of AERA. Would love to meet you in Vancouver if possible!
We look forward to having you back soon! Happy travels!
": "Wisdom, compassion and courage are the universally recognized moral qualities of men." ~ Confucius"
Baking on Wednesday / does that make any sense???
Sorry I missed your birthday! Hope it was epic! Thanks to I knew about it!
sorry if that bothered you.
Ooh. And they have wifi up here at the visitors center! Win.
Soo.. Here I am...wanting you to notice me... can you? No. Oh. Okay.
Question: Is it magnetism or gravity that bends or slows light? Does magnetism effect photons?
i have 2 test that i didnt study for and homework due tomorrow. ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
I was FREAKING out because you weren't there!!
why is it so hard NOT to think about you ? (:
The owls are so cute! I love the color, too. :D
Im lookin straight into the eye of success #it'sbeautiful
thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
Bringing on some delicious nigori and sparkling sake from our friends at and SWS.
tweeting and living with a purpose
great show. Finally complete thoughts. I'm up w/Chris.
here at home watching t.v
If you think that some day it is going to happen, some day it possibly will occur.
I DVR Kathie Lee & Hoda on the Today Show primarily to see how drunk they get. #confession :)
20 years ago today I lost my sight in my right eye from a farm accident. A testament to you can do anything you want if you try hard enough!
LIve tweeting every cringeworthy moment from
Hey Patrice! Thanks for the RT. Hope you're doing well.
Your blank tweet is awefully wordy.
yeah, there's a huge plot twist at the end! Haha :-)
Pulling the petals off daisies: Indie. Legacy. Indie. Legacy. Indie. Legacy. Where will it end? Someone please send more daisies.
me to them was the days!
Thinking about next steps now.
have you guys read Y: The Last Man? Jesus, I can't believe that it affected me the way it did.
#bieberconda... Oh yes.
lol , dummy ! shit chilling with my mom ' & aunts you ?
Dear : After an amazing start to the year for Indy, please don't embarrass us by vetoing the Marion County smoking ban.
If you are interested in working with Portland’s flagship food & drink festival, head to www.feastportland.com
for the first time ever #wmata track work makes my life easier! LOVE the shuttle service along the #Arlington orange line corridor!
: "Conspiracy is easier to understand than complexity." Amen.
hi smart man! Thanks for responding!!
Who?! What movie?
Chillin my nigga......working hard everyday....how bout u how did u this year
OMG I totally just saw that happening LMAO. Must be a "product of the 90's" thing lol
not sure, got a text from larry, though everything looks okay? maybe it was my old building?
Thank you! We're honored to be selected and looking forward to
The #1 movie this day in 1991 was Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare. Was it final?
me too! RT : Yay! Happy I found you tonight, style doppelganger!! Thanks to for bring us together ;)
6-1!!! Someone get Cuba their sleeping blanket.
“ #Libras know what say to make you smile, laugh, hurt, cry, etc. a #Libra knows how to draw you out of your comfort zone.”
It’s #Superbowl Sunday! Are you rooting for the #Giants or the #Patriots? Share photos of your pets in their #NFL jerseys on Facebook!
Oh the curse of my embarrassment-by-proxy. is making us watch someone do Ciara covers outside the grocery store
I eat my cake with a ladle.
No, thank Jesus no. It's usually some kind of stew...
Its cute how my nephew comes out of his bath, he lays there waiting fer his diaper & he starts PISSING on me. And then he laughs after. Aha
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. Mark Twain
nice afternoon in Eola Amity Hills
This is gonna be embarrassing if we lose to these guys, rees better start throwing some completions. under 50% comp. % is awful.
why do teachers think its a great idea to give us homework with like a week left..yeah idk about anyone else but my care level went down..
How big is your bed? :o
what kind?! Send a pic!!
right they made some adjustments since u been gone its much better now
#hoodjesusmiracles credit card not getting declined at the register
But think: if the most well-funded campaign in history can't... : 1 word I (thankfully) haven't heard on this call yet - "Houdini"
Thank You Rebel E Publishers for the email your very welcome and thank you
Thanks for your help! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs! #BizDen2012 :)
What is that hum I hear? Do my neighbors really have their AC on already?! I was kind of looking forward to a lower PGW and PECO bill.
don't be a prude
girls are really born to be complicated.And the funny thing about it is that, boys are born to love complications.
Nicely written. Totally agree.
when does season 3 air bro? Missin the laughs. You guys are a great inspiration for me
would offer stay here, but our roof leaks in 4 spots, maybe I will just float to NY then wont have to worry about transport
Let me guess, you just saw that commercial with the stereo ? RT : Jennifer Lopez is beautiful
I'm so happy that you r going 2 be on TV again!! RT IF U CAN'T WAIT RO SEE ICONic Boyz!!!!!!!!
I'm jealous too!
Need something to do tonight....
yes. Haha. Ops.
what's up in Woodson?
straight up the only thing i dont like is the bottom
that's how you got so many so fast! You had help! teehee ;) Rematch! lolz
Fa Sho Bra I Need Beatz
The rest of my life starts in 2 weeks!!! #KILLEDtheinterview #whoop !!!!!
Just went ABOVE and BEYOND on this English project! A+ i think!
AP Testing tomorrow.. ahh.
ya definitely! It was great meeting u. It was fun...see u thurs at the show
RT Today in #Herstory: In 1967: Joan Baez arrested as part of massive anti-war protests in America.
Is Bill Hall playing for anyone today?
Alright! It's the end of the day, and it's time to announce a winner for and 's $150 gift card contest!
We feel loved. Thx for following!
Re-entering reality.....soon. soon.
Yes, need to put a little work into making luck happen!
M... #DoritosLocosTacos #Contest Everyone should retweet this because I'm pretty sure everyone in Avon loves Taco Bell, and Doritos too.
Fans $20 buckets of Miller LIght B4 & After the Game! Upstairs in the PENALTY BOX! $4 shots! SEE YOU TONIGHT!
Teddy Downy from TJStrategies: #PellGrants will see modest cuts. But future depends on next presidential election.
Are they expensive? Some are almost $5 apiece! Sheesh
CHEERS :D
The walls are singing hallelujah, amen.
Glad to hear a vigil is coming together. I hope it goes well!
Watching "The Neverending Story." Wow. Statues with giant titties and big gay "luck dragons." WHY did my parents let me watch this?
models interested in booking their photo shoots & call: 347-445-7275 or email: www.43studios.com
So apparently taking a stall door is vandalism.
brothe rhi hi hi hi whats up talk to me
Sources say DOES #evolvealready on #MarriageEquality - thank you to all of those who continue to pressure for what is right!
The rain has cleared up in Downtown Pittsburgh and the sun is out and shining again! Views are beautiful from the 14th floor of Arrott!
Great, my mom is into conspiracy theories again.
": Just doin' the damn thing! Let's get lunch soon!"< Definitely. It'd be nice to catch up.
Staring at a guy with a tattooed face @ OHare, then as he came closer, staring back at me, I saw he was a burn victim. No one worse than me.
I'll be right there RT : 85 right now in #Vegas... just sayin' RT : DOHHHHHH!!!! It's SNOWING.....
Just added: Friday, June 8th at the Route 66 Roadhouse with Killer Ghandie and Eyes Made Ready. Let's blow the roof off that place!
“: The past can't be changed, edited, erased or forgotten. It can only be accepted.” so true :)
turtles are sexy. okay.
Still looking for people who buy industrial PET sheet who can tell me their version of "The shortage is/isn't over."
Hey hey hey! #GlutenFree foodies unite! No upcharge on any gluten-free menu items all day to day, and 2-4-1 New Grist Beer!
*note to self: when beheading an enemy make sure your sword is sharp*
Game IS on TV. I don't know the answers to the other questions.
suggests NSF, NEH, LOC, exploring working for gov't while in school
I did indeed. Born and raised in Berkeley, but I've lived on the East Coast for the past decade. I miss the redwoods!
Half of women in 2011 said they regularly influence friends and family to buy or not buy a particular product or service.
hey!!! How's life? I may be heading to Nashville soon actually.
At 2am, the iPad is just a really expensive night light.
It is almost time, and I have yet to see JCS. Unacceptable.
looks like a great #bonein when I go big I win 80 percent of the time cheers. Great April
Thanks for the follow!
Congratulations to Chuck Hayes of Bothell! Chuck won a new I-Pad II from our Boat Show drawing.
I believe, ratchet, is the adjectice best associated in the determining of deez hoes.
"How delicious is the winning of a kiss at love's beginning."
Sir Mikol Mode: musical lust Watch out D Bar... ;-)
Computer programming professor has worn different Hawaiian shirt to every lecture thus far
yeah going to get wasted this weekend :-)
Your welcome. We are the nations only operator of a Portable Cruse Museum Scanner. Msg us for More details...
if I do it I'm touchin everywhere lol
Does anyone remember #Reboot??
RT : Artists and geeks mixing it up today at www.createbaltimore.org
Beware of the horrid stomach flu.
agree RT crowdfunding is really interesting. good argument can be made for progressive effects. not just a GOP issue
please follow me ;]? i believe in your music and you. you are truly amazing <3 :) 4ever & always, Kimberly <3
Thats what you think until you get lonely from him going on 6-12 month deployments.
i like Restaurant
"Dogs the size of horses." Pug Calvary opportunity?
Thanks Beth for the RT. Did you get yours?
:p I'm sorry for blowing up ur notifications I just like talking to you :)
Thank God for this warmup, I'm so ready for springtime I can't wait to start going to the park for bball.
The only thing that's always on my mind is you ! And you will always be ! 25/7
Can I go to. Though I wouldn't really blend in.....
Stop retweeting pro-anorexia accounts! :( You don't want to be associated with that.
Yes sir.
Quote of the Day: Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. -Schopenhauer
The front porch is the most important room in my house. Enjoying my pups, porch, neighborhood sounds and awesome weather.
this new Kindle Touch (not the Fire, which is an entertainment device) just might be the thing I need to read and annotate PDFs. I hope
thinks that if you post your own dirty laundry on facebook, you have no reason to bitch that people are nosey...
Thank you so much for answering. have a wonderful day : )
Love you Fox!
know anyone who sells telecoms products.. please re tweet or get them to give us a call 0844 880 2010. Fantastic Channel Partner opportunity
I was gonna get a burger tonight until I read your rant!
Dealing with an unruly 10-month old puppy... working on a speech outline... and getting ready for bed.
as did I. And, I also sighed a bit. And then thought about Upton Sinclair, and then forgot everything, promptly.
he got no reaction. Thats the best part
I'm loving twitter.
Follow me is a Sexy account related to Watch porn ;)
Nielsen Spirits Data: Slight Slowdown in January from the spirits scanner data for the 4-week period ended 2/4: momentum slowed by 0.8%
RT #Aries people always are the first ones to start - as well to finish - what - every they set out to do
that's great. You can do it. Do you want to go to school in Colorado? I went to Georgia State University majored in Business Admin.
Took the best nap ever
I know! And I usually just feel like a dork because I missed out on whatever a story was based on. But not this time!
.... Or in my bed in San Diego?! Haha idk that's a tough one ;)
#hth2012 frank giving good news / bad news. good news lots of data. bad news don't use or care for data
have the games been good over there? havent played much cash over there really. gl
Ex-Friends.... U really making that happen. And to think, i thought I knew you.
yeah!!! Good luck man, i'm sure you'll do awesome.
RIP Chief Jay Strongbow
Holy Dolly Parton's face!
omg... Isnt Angel ur dog?! :( im so sorry Austin!
#UniversityMontana or #MontanaState? Seems like #skibum factor may be biggest difference so far
Beautiful goal....er...goals devils!!! 2 goals in 20 seconds.
Devouring Alison Bechdel's Are You My Mother?
Stop over at Grandma's house on the way to Ohio and Kenyon!!!!!
To all the people that are complaining about having to leave the beach... At least you got to go.
TONIGHT...the B-A-H are headed to Irvin Mayfield's for the Midnight Brass Jam...come get it in with the Brass-a-Holics!!
Ha! Thank you for the guess!
Does Joakim Noah have a bun on the top of his head??!
#NowListeningTo; "Lose Yourself" By #Eminem c:
Got home from Nap at about midnight and I'm the only one awake at work.
maybe you should call the Coach store and ask for their recommendation
2 classes to go
Very close second.
DOSA brown bag: "An Update on Assessment at #Northwestern" with Assoc. Provost Jake Julia - Weds, 10/5 @ noon, Norris Big Ten Room
"Don't dwell on what you lack; dwell on what you have and use it to the fullest with gratitude. Don't dwell on your failures-learn from...
Chicken Shack! Chicken Shack! 414.799.1917. Fry it up!
This year should be special.for The New Youk Jets Management they need to be congratulated on Tim Tebow. Super Bowl on the horizon .
Absolutely, please contact me, Nadia 314/369-7639 thank you & look forward to talking to you.
With my aunt. She got in from Panama.
hey there and how are you?????
Interesting... IMOH depends on industry. Also posts w/o prices on pinterest more likely repinned
It has been predicted that today's children will be the first generation that will not live as long as the generation before them
DONT TALK TO ME LIKE THAT OR I WONT
Emily! Thank you so much for the kind words. Really.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Welcome & kinda
been real since '92..think about it
ill come visit you someday :p
It's a "bottle of Veuve to the head while in my underwear" kinda day
forgot his lunch yesterday. remembered it today. now they're buying pizza for everyone in the office. my life is so hard.
you're welcome.
In or around the Binghamton NY area? We have a great disaster recovery event coming your way next month. Stay tuned for more details soon!!
but im not a rapper
Mad shout out to bacause that wash funny and true
well have at it ;-)
Glad for full captioning for the #SuperBowl, , but where was the #ASL performance of the Star Spangled Banner? Disappointing.
I have thought the same thing for a long time now.
you off Friday?
Be honest. Which are you more likely to read: An unknown's inspiring up-from-adversity story, or a tell-all celebrity crash-and-burn story?
I've been hacked. How do I change my password
What Tan, White and Blue all over? Your sad house! Let us make it happy!
These bitches ain't Irish lol
Thank Father for ALL my blessings!!! Make it an Awesome day!!
Traffic at 3:15pm? Another reason to love the train! I could have been reading.
chat went way too fast, will there be another?
"Take the golden An in the Tan Van, you give it Dan who takes it to Fran" - Everything in the plan rhymes w/ An. <3 Sesame St!
We are on Yelp! If you've been by the store please go by and leave a review. Let us know what you thought!
but you're one of the good ppl! I know! I've blocked crazy. Gmorning Jill :)
Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxicabs or cutting hair.
#ImThatPersonWho You Call Wen Its Time 2 B A Freak<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks! Getting ready to cheer for your Broncos now. :)
That moment when he tells you , he loves you ...
Yaaaaaay! And you are so not a loser...especilly compared to me lol, howve you been?
Nice! Send pic please.
But someone should tell this girl nit to be so judgemental. Well not everyone was born with the ability to dress themselves properly. Lol
Red Sox updates are just so chipper ... until the tweet with the final score.
I act like it doesnt face me but it hits me hard
lol right! That does sound like the cleveland area
Hey have you seen the pilgrim Herman Cain? Or the Porsche driver Jane mcgarry??
I can't blame you.
Ouch! That looked like it hurt Mr. Rose.
G.O.O.D is good.
I see no point in excessive drinking either for those where are of age.
#Gym flow
hahaha that's awesome!
Play me..? Naaa...! You got another thing coming
there is a bunny that lives/hangs out outside my house. i have named him clarence. if you understand you can go ahead and marry me...
hell tea ;D
have a wonder break my brother...
Does anyone own an inkjet printer that I can use tonight?
CAREER: The faculty has created a website: umwcobcareernetwork.ning.com
As a child I always enjoyed following series, and as an adult I do too. I'd rather have a series that I can spend more time with.
Thou shall not babysit a burner
Who wants to go to the park later it's nice outside!
has to abolish records of guys who cheated taken steriods and hgh and not have them on the ballot at all period.
likewise, Kenny. I'm wishing you a lot of #DoubleBass action!
no im not looking for someone else imma tell u tht once n only once
Who's been in Heartbreak Hotel? </3
worf is a little bitch.
Greg Biffle sucks. I can drive 2 laps and stop jr from passing me and then my teammate. No effort to win. Weak. Bitchmade.
"and forgive us our sins, as we have forgiven those who sin against us" -Matthew 6:12
Celine Dion's "It's All Coming Back to me Now" just came on my itunes shuffle. Obviously a good sign for the night.
I dont think a real man can ever measure up! Ha
Is Harlem safe?
VIrginia Tech on lockdown. Reports of man with handgun. The last thing this campus needs to experience again.
Just successfully played Chinese red light.
Here we go! #Samoa v #Newzealand in the Finals! Should be an incredible match!
Yeah, the est list looked killeR! So awesome. How was weekend1?
Better days are gonna find you once again and every piece will find it's place.
Time. To. Edit.
What just said to me. I don't know if it was funny or not. It was baby funny I guess.
I am 4 Prince truly his music take u places in ur heart mind & soul like no other I have all his albums & I treasure them
Seriously so thankful for being an athlete on day like these
Why thank you!
thanks lil bro
/dies from excitement.
watching #neversaynever3D directors cut right now! its so good!
In addition to puns I am also now compulsively thinking of overly ridiculous feminist poetry titles. What is motherhood doing to my brain?
No one used the term "stalking." :P (and I was referencing an officer in another state).
Jenny! Whats up girl? How is everything? Just looking at your site. Its growing :) good for you! You coming to AZ soon?
Snowing in Louisville. Kinda nice... except for the cold.
#SkiforSunshine day 3/2! 8 items of non-perishable food will get you a free all-day lift ticket! Benefiting SunnyD!
just talking about he wants to see what they're about. Do they truly believe what they or just spitting for the cameras?
hate you.
has had an amazing day! Worked out at the gym this morning. Had an introduction call with a new business partner. Spent some time...
SO AM I!!! yeah when she started talking I was like OMG MARGUERITEE!!
After the Rays cut the lead to one, Mark Teixeira responds with an RBI double to right field and brings home A-Rod. #Yankees lead 5-3.
hilarious!RT : Says 6 year old, frowning hard: "I've never seen a skateboarder run over by a car." I know. Totally sucks. :(
You would think we would reealize we are too pretty for them and then leave but we stay and get hurt all over and over again
Can't stop listening to #GOBLIN. Its not for everyone & maybe thats why i love it so much! Still waiting on #WOLF oddfuture.com
you are the sound that makes me want to punch and infants.
Excited to celebrate #ColoradoSprings! & will benefit from #GrandOpening. Giving back tastes good!
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
ohh okay wish u was close
lol my bad
Dr. Murray found guilty!!
TY for including me!
Vigilance, indeed!
Ima go with because he pays in advance.
Thanks for following!
WHO WANTS TO MAKE SOME FUCKING MUSIC. GOOD FUCKING MUSIC. HIT ME UP 414-429-3973
$ trumps bod cuz bod can paid for : Tip 3. hot body and high salary can be mutually exclusive ideals
awww..I'm gonna come up to the shop real quick..
oh no! Sadness
Check out my newly completed digital resume and portfolio, www.kaitlynparsons.com!
two years? I cant deal with Mesa. I wouldn't another year with her. I'd die lol
The IT guys at this place are amazing ... I feel like they have regular conversations in JavaScript
Having a great time watching football spring practice in Rochester.
Davis Cup in ATX
Can everyone in the collective please stop injury themselves? Looking at you and
Reliving my late 90s obsession with Ace of Base. Love
One photography goal for the year: learn about, and create, HDR (high dynamic range) photos.
what up bro! I met you at Midnight Records this year in LA.
Yeah it was odd. Both guns were solid, it's just that the Glock seemed more intuitive. I shot it better with less "effort."
This corkscrew is stressing me out
sick ass album man good shit
Is Ryan Gosling actually Batman? I'm pretty convinced.
Imagine reaching in to a stocking and finding one of Aux Anysetiers du Roy chocolate fondues! Stop by for more #stockingstuffer ideas!
(C) the best body.. now that I actually have a boyfriend and friends? You really want to switch me to a school that has beautiful girls (c)
RT RT If you can't wait 12 more days!
Startup Advisers Who Tweet
Lol even 1D's old bus driver Allen has fans!
OMG looks so cute in this movie and so does
Getting a good night sleep or seeing my bf when he gets off work
"Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it." P. J. O'Rourke
Nap time!
right here for u love
Hi there!!! I'm well!
I'll be there. I'm going to the Thursday game. Don't have any real logistics planned outside of that.
so is Opa going to be eligible? Or do you have any knowledge of the situation at all?
august 22-24. get there if you can, it's gonna be sick!
Or the actually sad inverse...fans of the band turning against them (heh) because of Gobel's announcement.
its just a novel idea
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit is where it's at..
an yes, came yesterday
MT checked out 's Bury Me Deep? On my list! :)
For you drummers out there that do covers simply type in drumlees tracks in the youtube search. You'll find tons of songs without drums.
Dropped off 500 sample packs for Bark! to put in goodie bags for the Walk for Paws event to benefit the Animal Advocates of Howard county
Hookah aint got me this light headed in a minute, GOT DAMN
he was awesome. Your twin creeped me out though.
Portland Oregon, do yourself a favor
Kansas City must be purged with nuclear fire.
With a quality press and die, zero make-ready & waste is possible. Viable for sheet quantities of 100 pieces or more
Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me
Poor attempt from to try to hack my twitter. Better luck next time.
Yes, i love subway.
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
Listening to some Rap - Radio. actually not bad to listen to BOYS rapping.
I'm really starting to think every man I attract is a UK hater. SMH.
I did, so follow?
Lol did you buy anything good? RT : now I can go enjoy some retail therapy
They were making fun of her calling her 'ugly,fat,whore,fat ass' and more.. I couldn't stand it. So I took up for her<3.
Congrats to Prince William, I hope your marriage doesn't hit a wall like your mom did.
how discouraging!
I'm Mafiuh (;
I've packed my family photos already, just in case.
y'all eating with the salad fork again?
Anybody who hasn't had the chance to check out our EP needs to do so! It's 100% free and hopefully some good tunes.
The Hawks just collapsed so that you could go to bed.
Obamas Job Plan. Thoughts?
American Ethnography/s Martin Høyem has no fewer than five research blogs at work for us: 2 China, 2 Brazil, 1 USA. They sure work great.
Kinda wanna get my blog goin again. Update weekly. Less emphasis on stats, more just havin fun with it.
ugh I'm so not excited!!! I hate it so much!!! And I don't no wat to pack cause we have to be suuupppeeerrrrr modest!!!!
Could be, but its anal sacs in this case, which tend to be super fermentative, maybe chemical + bacteria.
Just finished the last chapter of my new Bond book; can't wait to continue the journey in a revision next year with Skyfall.
What is power dress fo a women vs man and young vs mature? 1st ans. More powerful to dress down. Seems it depends on your industry.
I'll just change it when I get home :)
to you as well!
Whatever he touches turns to shit RT : So here is the real question..does Obama pick UK when he fills out bracket on Sunday?
Hahahahaha! I love PD!!! I need to watch tonight's episode!
i really needed to know that
Radio_pirate nicee! I am gonna try to go to the Chicago date but idk. I really wanna go see them!
screw you biotch
58 Sunny today. Near 60 Friday & Saturday sunny skies. Mid 60s Easter Sunday. BIG change next week to cooler & wetter weather.
Y'all are missing some really good music.
Lakers need to etch a sketch tonight's game
please follow, i'd love you forever if you did!
looking for the perfect song for my short film, any suggestions?
Hairs. There are going to be fewer of them.
Glad you got to be there for the opening!
Special TODAY ONLY....all nail services after 12PM today are 25% off!! Call now for your reservation!!
Always smile ~ for no man or obstacle can take this away ~ by Stacey Chatman
not an issue. ESPN has a contract with SEC. Win/win for both. Increased exposure for SEC. Big10 could do same with BTN
that's what she said!
Just got caught up on episodes I missed. Seriously...I am completely blown away by this season!! Can't wait for Monday!
Kurt Vonnegut~ New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with the richer we become.
She is my dancer when she dance i throw her dollars she work hard for the money so so hard
#wordoftheday appurtenances from my building code - n. 1. Something added to another, more important thing; an appendage."
Ray Rice could be the #GAMECHANGER for the Packers think about it TT.
Snagajob uses breakout spaces instead of offices
TODAY IS MY B-DAY YAY I AM 18 !!! :D
Good value in BOS -135. I think they should be at least -165
hey, just bringing those mentions back to life x
Sorry, I didn't check earlier been busy. Hope it wasnt too thick. driving should have been ok after 10am.
You tell me not to walk away, well your the one who taught me how.
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been
After this loss by the Knicks and now Rivera with a torn ACL this night has only gone from bad to worse.
oh nice! tell him to vote for Murk! haha
And it's guaranteed to work or your money back. : )
Ha! I JUST bought some linen napkins at Goodwill. I was hoping to add some fancy to the everyday (and reduce paper waste).
Cheers! gift giving to oneself is an awesome thing!
I will check it out. Thx.
wow nice
Banging this nigga go hard def in my top 3 n the city think he need a home wit & D-Block
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~ Scott Adams (via )
Sam & Dean look into the case of a ballerina found dead from dancing herself to death. NEW #Supernatural tonight @ 9 on CW20!
hahahah! that's a little awkward. (: I love your mother!
Somthing is about to go down i can feel it loll.(;
He who has great power should use it lightly.
Hey Brian, yes - we can do both indoor and outdoor maps in Flock. Send us an email for more details -
“: #ThoughtsWhileRunning THIS IS WHY I SWIM.” I think this everyday.
9/24-Burlington-Lucky Mojos-DJ Reno's Soul-FUNK
Agreed! RT : Traveling in frigid weather? No matter how dorky you think you look, keep your head and neck warm!
Western Sky #Golf #Club -- 18 hole, 6400 yard #GC @ Val Vista & Warner -- sold to #CRE Unit of #Chinese company C-Bons for $3.38m.
However, in some cases, #BV can increase a woman's susceptibility to other #STIs such as #HIV, #Herpes, #Chlamydia, and
It's more sweet than sad - promise! RT : I couldn't watch. I cried with the headline!
calm down ur the first thing I saw ion hear remember this my other account.
Brewers are all kinds of blah right now. Frustrating.
You're right. I won't give up.
BUT I WILL! JUST WATCH.
Felix Hernandez just got rocked. Cleveland style.
I do it's just hard to find a God fearing Men
OMG I will never forget that episode because of the scene with Emily & Maya in the movie theatre! lol
meet up?
As stone business evolves, Spicewood company changes with it - Austin American-Statesman
Ok its confirmed Viola Davis is my best dressed!!! She looks amazing and she's rocking her natural hair!!
me too. She also got to hang out with delicious
Does anybody really know what time it is?
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're not Nick...<3
I think is a great platform, especially for reluctant / fearful educators. Nice & safe
Florence and the Machine on MTV unplugged
Yes, as a Panthers fan, I'm hoping to get Cam Newton tonight.....Is that wrong?!?
Barry almost scored! Crackin game. You watchin?
ain't never won a race;thinking UR may need a pilot.
Oh you're too kind. Thank you.
lol would if they change the logo to the MB glove!? Pretty intense
Bubbly teenage girl excitedly to her friends: There's an app!…
RT : Today on the Ed Schultz Show: , CFTC Commissioner Bart Chilton, and
Ready for the 1st NY #snow storm of the season. Shovels are out of the shed and ready for the morning!
If you're interested in natural, constant, no crash energy, DM me now! I'll get you set up with Vitality ASAP! It's amazing.
what it do?? yeah been on tour...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Ngl im excited to become an aunt ^.^
Love is the white light of emotion. Diane Ackerman
That's the 1 out of 10 times Kobe will miss that shot
I won't eat deformed M&Ms. They've already been through enough.
30 -130 Character headlines are ideal
7th week of school! Time is flying by!
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
Thanks to for saving my ass (and grade) in #EMAC 4325!
Wishing as much peace as is attainable to Levon Helm's loved ones. Rest well, sir.
way to go. Good luck
I hope you feel better soon! What I discovered after my recent hospital stay: SLEEP IS A WONDERFUL THING!
I'm in Illinois for the navy
Going to be a wacky Wednesday for me! Lol. Just wanted to drop by and say, "hello!" My Twitter pals are high priority on my daily #goals !;)
Happy First Monday of 2012! Any fun #resolutions?
okay! Text me when you find out!! :)
bus checker app is probably the best thing a londoner can have in his mobile arsenal.
#waystogetoffthephone omg Ella just peed the floor. Sorry gotta go!
That means PGA/NBC is losing as a viewer this weekend! :) We need the ratings! Never should have left Butch!
Singing along to One Direction with my my 3 year old niece was monumental
so what's the deal, you doing a project?!
Need a nutrition plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Been working but now it's time for a break
Yes, but getting ready to tweet about the rest....
done and high fived the singer!
Whoa. Did the Tanna really take his ball and go home?
Im so tired of school. Of work. Of stupid teachers. Of annoying ppl. Of ppl who take their sweet ass time walkin in the hall. Im tired of it
haha ok I will hand make u one
Very informative :-) Thank you for sharing!
I am thinking maybe Wade Phillips can apply for the Colorado FB job.
It was a fantastic experience !! So many young ppl showing their love 4 #Israel!! Thanks!!
I don't even have sandels either. Omfg
with a bunch of others just trying to get home! So glad my trip was yesterday instead of today!
hahaha oh yeah, you know, all part of my plan ;) just like our play yesterday
If the Wall of Sound doesn't consume him, nothing will.
"I love you" is a very powerful phrase, be careful how you use it and please never abuse it.
Omaha in one word: COLD
I'm getting tired of all this rumors
thanks to for putting up flyers in their frnt window for events Freedom is doing. Go check em out and get a bite to eat!
Happy Thanksgiving! We look forward to seeing you!
let the #packernation know the belt is here!
#ShoutOut to my New Follower :)
Soo excited to go to the drake concert with june 1st :)))
I #cant wait for this weekend
it's exotic, no? I'm also in the South today.
I find more new music from commercials than I do on
It feels like a Starbucks day. The new blend is fabulous.
How is it that you both have the exact same bios?Are you robots?Artificial inteligence is fascinating to me.
Open my eyes , that I may see wondrous things from Your law.-Psalm 119:18
Taylor got some town houses with up stairs down stairs and 3 bedrooms for 650 a month
One direction <3
Thanks! RT : Amazing jewelry! Great work :) RT : Love your work!!! Check my work out!
Can't donate time? Donate food/drink in Madison for GOTV. bit.ly/gotvfooddonation.
sweating my fuckin ass off. mom please turn on the AC
very interested!
Why would the FBI get Communists high?
and , you guys are stupid.
Dear John is on.. <3 I'm a sucker for cheesy movies n.n
who was the op research college kid on tonights show???
yeah the first version was messed up. it's fixed now.
We miss you
A day of dancing and eating with !!
I HOPE TO FUCK I GET A CHARM BRACELET FROM K JEWELER THIS YEAR WITH A GOD DAMN BEAR HOLDING A HEART! VALENTINES DAY CHARMS BITCHES! BLAMMO!
could not agree more! Can't wait for next week!!
So glad was safe on #fashionstar tonight! Love her style & designs. So NYC chic!
Ready to kick off Spring with a great tan?Our new organic formula delivers flawless,natural results call today to set up your appt! 857-8278
The frontiers are not east or west, north or south, but wherever a man fronts a fact.
#31 Listen Bro, God first, spouse 2nd, children 3rd, church/ministry 4th, there is no other order that it will work!
Merry christmas to everyone!
I have had a long ass day !
On the phone with us right now: Kenny Wormold...the new Kevin Bacon in the Footloose remake...which is actually getting great reviews!
Relax there dino
i hate when people lie.
Thanks for that RT - been wanting to use that line for a while! :)
An older woman, talking through her smiling baby, said I looked "smart and cute." That baby's a good wingman.
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Lilley! Do you know Pastor from Fairhaven Church near Dayton?
Our next info meeting is Tuesday, May 31 at the Federation building at 7:00 pm. Applications are online www.caje-miami.org/mol
Looks like I may get to the dept reception today after all. Maybe around 6 pm.
this game is becoming absolutely ridicules.
Sex aint better than Love until u get ur heart broken. Then sex alleviates that tension.
Giving my xbox 360 away
Let's face it: I suck at writing research papers at this point in college. Woo!!
Ah 515 It's shaping up to be a great morning.
Why can't I find a great contemporary house for my buyers when there are so many houses for sale?!?!
Hope you get well soon! #transmediaholluwood3 today is just great!!
Finally drug myself over to Facebook tonight. Had never found any real use for it. Now got me self all hooked up right dandy like!
Thanks for the tweet!
yeah man i sensed that shit was going to suck once Z left lol im happy with where i am now so its chillen
Reading Pitchfork does not make you a music critic...
amen! Don't play nothing but Chaka on my Chaka station!!! Period...that's like hearing Usher on my Al Green Station..:)
Can you follow us Back please .
Im putting this hair dye on and it looks like cum lol
jb hater one min, jb lover the next? :)
I was about to call you fool! RT:
WE R HONORED! RT : #FF indie films
Sheriff&#39;s log
I'm thinking about everyone who lost someone on 9/11. My prayers and thoughts go out to them. The ceremony at ground zero is so moving.
Hey I have not been on in a while what is cracking? I have been working really hard to keep up with everyone but people are still mad at me.
I'm only human... I make mistakes... I love you Cassi...
S/O We need our shiot in rotation
hey i was once #big myself so i am putting myself down as well,
working, working, working......
I have the money to buy all the property, but I only land on spaces I already own.
Many,many sessions of prayer and petition :)
NEW SONG BY THE END OF THE WEEK FOR CHARITY...POSSIBLY A SECOND BELIEVE ALBUM IN THE WORKS..CAN IT GET ANY BETTER?! A;LKSDJFA;SL
RT: - band of the day to follow:
awesome stuff!!! FINALLY ;-)
Triple accuser in Philadelphia clergy-abuse case testifies to priest abuse ... - Washington Post
you should know both teams will get questionable calls. Smh
your mother would had us driving together.
the link goes to a 404 page :(
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe. by Mark Victor Hansen
I refuse to stop being amazed by the fact that my new external HD for backups is 50,000 times larger than the 1st HD I ever bought.
#sca 2012 Getty's home-grown digital workbench. Almost no $$$. Scrounging computers etc. from staff. And really getting somewhere ...
who do you think you are trying to tell me what to do? you aren't my fucking dad. quit acting like it
Nothing like having a horrible headache on a friday night... Its my favorite!
This looks great Andrew...
You ever wonder why ppl text you? They say hey then 5 seconds later they say bye
and the New York Giants did it.. Do i see another parade coming this year?
just heard the ice cream truck #summerscoming <333
Getting ready for our trip to #Atlanta tomorrow morning to meet with caring individuals that want to
I don't think Ed Helms was a fan of the joke they wrote for him. Neither was I.
Celtics win series over Hawks Go Boston Go!
Is VERY SORRY about the crazy spam tweets earlier. Psycho hacked my account and it took forever to fix.
Remember GRIND will be closed on April 8th--EASTER
i definitely want chick fil a now. haha thanks!
Idgaf. I Love My Mommy<3 She shouldn't be treated this way :'/ Fck him! We don't need you
Taiwan until August 8 but will be in NYC for Labor Day.
hopefully #efc will spend some $ and add a player or 2. We have a chance 2 to do euro at least
Today gonna be a good day!
Just finished having bean soup..it was so fucken delicious....
"Beigneted". I like this as a verb. I also like the image of you tackling Wendell Pierce in the airport.
and i am the manager for chi-town hip-hop recording artist precise i just forwarded you his latest joint "shot's fired"
Remember, QPR needs to win and Bolton/Team playing Villa need to score +15 goals. Send Villa down!
home woman where else lmao :p
because he's always drunk! But nobody writes about that...wait...
New #knitty is up and it has a new look. ooh.
The saltiest soup of them all is ramen.
Headphones + Drum and Bass + Observing a group of jungalist pigeons
Have your Twitter followers check out BlackBeltBachelor.com to cook up an exceptional date in D.C., instead.
Had a blast last night @ #intersectionsDC with , malik and samera. Thanks for making it happen!
Did you know I'm not normally chinky for an Asian person ? O.o Filipinos !
P.E.M.D.A.S please excuse my dope ass swag.
New dresses just printed; www.johnwilliamjesse.com
It was Penkov
you think twitter should come with an instruction manual huh?
When your boxers are to small for something to hold....
put a ring on it
just came back from the heat game :D heat won like a boss!
Swimming pool is no place to give a woman the "look". Believe me, U aren't safe in your Speedo Briefs!
David Justvig puts in goal number 5 of the day. On man up goal. Spartans pick up the tempo. Score 10-7 5:26 left
Man... i just got a nice little idea....
I whips pussy
Grateful for the right words of wisdom @ just the right time!
Meet AU grads who have launched rewarding careers w/ literature degrees @ Literature Career Night: Tonight, 6-8pm, Battelle-Tompkins Atrium
And Lights.. obviously.
"Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture" ~ via Lydia M Child
y are u asking
no problem :D
Happy birthday, ! Hope you had a great day!
Why can't I RT pic links?! Ugh.
Waiting to start work. Working 1-730.
Congratulations on ruining your show. Karen is not Marilyn. You just lost a viewer.
I wanna speak arabic
Another season of LP treasury :) GO RANGERS!
My dog ate my book -_- great
fa sho! bless
so who comin
has a new alert coming this morning.. this is one you definitely dont wanna miss
Have a great day of riding Jake!
Richard Fish: "Helping others is never more rewarding than when it's in your own self interest."
I know, right. Ughh
Choose a dog trainer carefully, one who will help you learn to coach your dog using positive reinforcement. Avoid all forceful methods.
I would do anything to meet you<3
Hahaha Puez pa la next time then
Gen y exposed to more diversity than any other generation. Also is most diverse generation
A definitive purpose or "dominant aspiration" will always win out over a goal. Goals are over used and under done words.
"...an outdoor space with a whiff of Marxism in the air."
hey thanks for the follow :)
RT : RT : Protecting your core strength might kill you instead: the case of Dell, RIM & Yahoo! - Forbes...
Today is the last day to take advantage of the early registration fee for Doggie Dash! If you haven't registered yet, do it now!...
Thank you for the kind words!
that is, hands down,the most heartwarming msg anyone has ever posted on here
A who going n on a room wit me tommrrow
I think I'm going to get " white lightning" on the back of my squad car, It explains the way I drive....
Picadillo vs Picadillo Jam you make the call. Listen WKCR.org on now.
RT : Darkness can't drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate can't drive out hate: only love can do that. M Luther King Jr
Young America Speaks College Campus Tour Stop? Let us Know we would be more then happy to add you to the tour.
I just met coach Will today. He's more cheerful and cool outside of school on the weekends, than the school days
Metro North
just following her loses you a couple points in my imaginary cool points book.
I was... *sticks out tongue* lol
do you have a color picture of you?
Sometimes it's hard to read the writing on the wall, thank you Hines for seeing clearly
So went out in #Dallas last night. The Nightlife needs some serious resuscitation. Methinks some
lol!!! Yeah but i gotta keep watchingg!!
Have had great OA planning meetings & thanks for iced coffee & helping
First "real" interviews today
I told everyone she is dating austin
I will! And ya know, a Stanley Cup trip could be a possibility for us: PHX or LA... :)
I need to get my hands on more Jimmy Eat World. I only have that one cd
Thanks for following! and myself hope you have a wonderful wknd!
Who's hungover today?
USA's Nese Malifa having a hard time hanging on to the ball. Rain becoming a big factor here
Don't forget this Saturday 8/13 PRD vs Montreal Double Header!!!! Doors at 4pm
Congratulations TONI BRAXTON for becoming the Global Autism Ambassador
Love the new TV Commercial that just ran on
I prefer 75/25, but you can't have it all, I suppose :)
follow and gain more. Followers.!!!
Was in process of editing when I spotted it!
... LMAO at watched the fuck out of it. Yea, should have known. altho you didn't show it to me, so I figured I'd
Red Tails #redtails ..let's make it a number one trending topic
#OTGTIPS UNDERESTIMATE NO ONE, IF YOU DONT KNOW THEM, YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE CAPABLE OF
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
yea we out dere
Waking up to cute messages from my boo >>> <3
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner. - Tallulah Bankhead
Wasn't a fan of the musical, but it was good otherwise.Mad yesterday was a repeat!
When my future kids grows up, I can't wait to tell him, "You were on purpose."
aw thats not cool
Let's quit this game before you start losing
ya I haven't heard from him in a month
Ima be pissed if I get on tomorrow and your like lvl 40 sum #MW3!
I feel it .
“Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.”
Knock KnockWho's there !Caesar !Caesar who ?Caesar quickly before she gets away !
#top10Lies It's in the mail.
Lucky guy!! Congrats!
see i wouldn't change my life, my life's #justfine (:
i honestly listen to "What Makes You Beautiful" 1000000 times each day
You too. Namaste. To all our followers, have a wonderful weekend.
goodbye to the 2 people who unfollowed me
Girl i so agree with you and did you notice hw Rocky waited to say what he did after John Cena walked ?
I need a bonnet! Yes, I'm all puppy in!
country to me is lowercase, a pickup truck and some country music! (:
u will decide when u meet and then u can talk to me in person.
I'm scared of what you might think of me, so sometimes I feel like I'm the only one safe to tell it all to.
that was a 2nd degree burn right there.
I'm sure your stomach lining is wishing it's "food" wasn't human.
Emptiness and misery, someone smash my foot with a sledgehammer.
Mexican fans booing Honduran keeper while he's laying on the ground...
Avoiding #DesperateHoueswives right now... But I will cry
Uh Im guessing tube socks are back in now
Brown rice. Eggs ovr easy and avocado. Hearty breakfast
Flat bike tire less than a mile from home. Hoofin' it and will change where it's warm. A perfect end to #viadoom!
...what an amazing day...
Another chance to get burned and start all over Im gonna start all over
yeah yelawolf goes hard and bustas part
Totally agree. RT move "likes" app down from fb biz page it's useless. Save space for other apps only three avail!
I was really bummed w/ the short-sighted blindside by your team. I hope you get another opportunity in a future Survivor.
There are speeches today. But u only go if you signed up for this week. There's 2 weeks of speeches.
your ex might come ..
Raining in Las Vegas!!! Awesome, we need it. At least it will get rid of some static electricity #las Vegas
Back from Mexico, Brought me back some good ol' swine flu! Anyone wants? :D
When you gonna be up in Green Bay?
Follow back??
I feel, the feeling of a step child...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
It takes guts to *LOVE* your life. What are you doing to fall in love with your every day?
Matt Flynn, career rushing touchdown numbah one.
It is Thursday! Gather your friends, co-workers, significant others, and come to Smashing Tomato for #Wine Night! Half off bottles of Wine!
Me too... and I'm just down the street.
Whats Thomas thinking running the ball to the end zone. The ball is dead after a muffed punt. KNOW THE RULES!
.. Can't wait until next Monday at 6! :D
Hope you all are making it a stellar week!
I hope you sign that tag soon. No headaches needed going into this season.
absolutely nothing! I wish more ppl would open their eyes
Another sweep for my Lakers off to the next round!!!!
US oil production highest in 8 years& last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past 16? without drill baby drill?
hm what too talk about nice picture gym
----->> As an #Aries you have strong SURVIVAL instincts and it will help you through some very stressful times in your life. :)
It's important you understand how the industry function. There's a lot going on behind scenes. Have a stabilized Plan A.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!! #rip to the god Dilla
Come spend the morning in Wicker Park with us! Family Fun Run 9am, September 17th
Apr 15,1932: Churchill was actively supporting the Indian Empire Society.
I don't feel bad for you when you're a straight up bitch to everyone that you come in contact with..
Agreed! MT : You've got to find balance of what youre going to spend time on. a challenge for sure.
good night den
Yard sales! Haha well actually playing with kynslee! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Obama was always respectful as he campaigned?
Xtra comb bonus!
After last night's L (3-0 to Brewers) the #Dodgers have been involved in a #MLB-leading 26 shutouts, 12 which they've lost.
THE TWINS!!!
Me too! I have loved my apt. I only need a bit more space. Isn't it funny how the wish list changes.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close >>>>>> <U+2665><U+2665>
Sorry for the mass posting! Our blog just spit out all of our posts as Twitter updates. *oops*
He makes me smile. :)
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for a people to tell their government to go fuck itself....
If you work in #sportsbiz, donate today at www.sportstacklescancer.com - 100% to American Cancer Society. View donor list of sports execs!
have you found your next home yet?
add me on ovoo tunitphonzee everybody
I want to make mom breakfast, but I don't know if she's awake or not.
I see boxes what were they fore -_-
Maybe if I started sleeping I would quit being so mean
THE JENNIFER love HEWITT is SEXY....
That was a terrible national anthem
I respect that so much. I'm a Louisville fan & I won't be too popular around here in Jax the next few days. Gators run this town.
That would be great! Thanks!
Not sure why, but I'm suddenly missing several months worth of emails from my gmail account. :( I really needed some those, too.
Well, you'll always be younger than Perry!
#ala11 Listening to excellent presentation by Download This! How One Library Embraced Its Downloadable Future
Sick seats fourth row behind the goal for the stats game with
no fave im not calling him that shit. his name is ron fuckin artest. lol
Isnt it funny how an aquarium a "Animal friendly" place always sells SEAFOOD?!
I try
She said she never fell in love with a superman, christian, muslim, protestant, lutheran.
WHAT A COCKTEASE OF A FINALE
Thanks for the RT. BTW, our research shows Productivity n Innovation as top strategies to achieve revenue growth.
RT : "We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing" - George Bernard Shaw
Good luck to all of our vendors and klients who will be attending the #NRAShow in Chicago this weekend.
RT your mom
im listening to for you by keith urban
When did you get like this, the least you coulda did was gone and give me a warning...
*snap*“ And I understand this is light skinned. But 'French' ? Allow me to hate”
out to eat with my mom, brooke, and
#thingsthatpissmeoff when people talk to me when my favorite songs on...ughh!
Stepping out on faith works wonders
Last night I read 5 chapters of 's book. A must read on your spiritual journey!
I'm always way too early. Like, more than 15min early.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 17
Woke up from a nap...feeling like a champ!
What is the title of the move you'll be directing?
off to make ice cream for a bunch of crazy people who enjoy ruining other people's days with their cranky dispositions.
got me so messed up it dont get no betta than me
RIP Donna Summer
That reminds me, I need to get my arm in shape, and get some bp in.
AT&T customers can also text 'Vote' to 3405
(-c-) #colab with other #artists :) so excited for his comeback tho and he's got a bunch of auditions :)
That looks like a prom picture.
Heluw okay.Nice sleep (:
I have reached! 152 likes! :)
I found him
Miss a performance at Stella Boyle? Have no fear: concert recordings are cataloged within 48 hours and are available at our desk.
RT : GUYS U MUST FOLLOW KUZ SHEZ NOTHING ONLY THE HOTTEST BUT ALSO THE KOOLEST YOUNG LADY TO KNOW!!
Little darling, stir it up!
on their head.
What's the most important attribute for a soccer player?
On the Waterfront!
you know it :D
I'm wearing green b*tch don't touch me
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence
I'm at school gunna take a huge test! Wish me luck? xo
Why did my body decide to wake up right now?
So I just bought your new single. I'm loving it! Keep the music coming
Session timed out while skimming #macappstore ToS. Can it be more obvious we're not actually meant to read what we're agreeing to?
Congratulations Lindsay. I like how your still photography style is so smoothly integrated into motion.
Started new job today at San Antonio Area Foundation.
Arizona has a great class. To bad Jimmy Kimmel can't coach
Back to reality..
Surprised that at Apple Genius Bar they even blame software issues (not being able to enter phone settings) on your phone company.
Women r just as bad as men, caught a chick starin at my jeans yesterday. I felt like a piece of meat, but I liked it. I WAS CTFU!!!!!!!!!
congrats on graduating!!!
Checking out In the Next Room tomorrow night - can't wait!!
Right on! I have been thinking about you, and happy to hear this news. Keep on keepin' on!
Love is so confusing - you tell a girl she looks great and what's the first thing you do? Turn out the lights!
Hey ;D
who won that game?
Now I know why I never eat at burger king. Not sure what I was thinking eating that toxic waste. In n out I will never pass u up again.
WOO! That's exciting. :3
random question! When is urs and madisons prom going to be??
Who pays for email addresses? RT : need a professional email address? for as little as $79/year!
More than most journals do in a year... RT So, PLoS ONE, did you really mean to publish 172 papers in one day?
S/O to Good luck in the mayoral race..
Hmm, next week is kinda packed already. Wanna shoot for the week after?
#Ryanbraun see you on opening day!
what's that on the ground by her head? Chicken skin?
Having a blast at #andnowfestival. Happy to see old friends & make new ones. #johngranger :)
is this an Internet porn reference!? I hope it is.
ack. meant to say famous gear...hope yr well!
Sounds like a class I might not skip ;-) RT Watching Ferris Bueller's Day Off in ceramics!
Your story is one in a million. there is a pledge. Check it out & let me know if you have any reason not to sign, or sign.
say what?? It ain't even storming and the power goes out..how odd. Lol.
For real !
If there's anything left after they destroy it! RT watching #JerseyShore So jealous, I want to go to Italy!
Love the music humor :-) RT #LessAmbitiousMovies Mr. Holland's Etudes
LLS I try to keep it simple keep it funky as I walk on the moon<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
welcome to the "Twitterverse!" It will be a better place with you here.
If you get a chance to speak with Hip, ask him to call me.
Woobies is the best... dont get mad hater :p
Awesome, appreciate the support! (:
greetings, how are you doing tonight!!
Perhaps the best episode of #MadMen this season? I think so. So slyly self-aware
"Trust me, I understand... The underwater levels are always the hardest." Nicely put Flash
Ugghh I wanna go back to sleep-_- driving into the city today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> just gonna go to sleep in the truck
RHP Brian Sanches had his contract selected from Lehigh Valley. He fills the roster spot of RHP David Herndon. Todd Zolecki ()
Why yes, today IS going to amazing. : )
thanks Austin.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.21
Can't wait for #BGC9 !! Hopefully it's not a "jump a hoe" season!
We look forward to being part of the future. We invite you to take this journey with us. Every great company starts with an idea.
GHAPFM wants to help you with your Dreams!! Scholarship available now in Two Countries! Submission deadlines March 11 for Canada and...
it was nice seeing you last night! Hope you all had a good time
aww I hope you feel better soon :) Directioners need you and your trends!
Up WAY past my bed time. What's the point anyways, you don't listen to my local tweets! Bad national tweet peeps!! Bad! Bad! Yes you!!
great minds think alike.
We going make i movie !! Get your acting on#
it was JR I'm not sure what agency he is with...but is good people! Did you want an intro?
My teacher seriously offended me.. Making fun of pacifists...
This nail lady is pushing it. First a lazy massage then she coughs on my toes?!? Prepare for a face full of foot woman!
Every man can learn something from Ron Swanson
“: #Obama2012!” hopefully have my citizenship by then so I can add my vote :)
Texting 5 people & telling 4 of them you're going to bed, just so you can spend the rest of the night texting the one person that you like.
RT : Mike Korton of the FBI says agents "respect" Mark Felt, theWatergate "deep throat" leaker at
Drink up cuz
Haha! That is indeed good advice!!
“: Dear Football Santa: All I want for Christmas in April is RGIII in Cleveland. Thanks in advance.” amen
we met a performer in our birthing classes a couple of years ago. They had the kid in SD while the show was here.
Start your night on our patio and move in once the #Caps start at 7:30. We'll have sound upstairs and downstairs.
What do you call a 100 year old ant ?An antique !
I think I started drooling while listening to Elvis sing. Good thing I wasn't around when he was alive, he'd be a goner!
Kb just texted me>>>Oh oh oh oh oh "oh oh" Somebody in trouble (Boosie voice) so im thinkin what I do now?! Besides be pregnant!
oh yes. perception is reality
#filming today
Who r u to judge my life? I know im not perfect & I dnt intnd to b..but b4 u point fingers, make sure ur hands r clean. -B.M.
Looking for something to do on #MLK Jr. Day? Why not stop by and take a tour?
Been in my own shit since I was 18...had my first loft at 23
eww...cannot do sour cream at all, ha!
thanks! You guys are pretty #fancy!
Yeah i still hate the dude
very true! i'll have to do that but it'll be in criminal justice field in area of abused kids/drug/alcohol treatment.
Moe just took a nigga to da chicken joint I snacthed up a 6 piece
sorry to read you had catering issues! Let us know if we can ever help in the future!
Damn Kendall! I always miss when you tweet:'( this breaks my heart more!!
I have a big heart, not a sign that says "wipe feet here" .. don't mistake the two
Dick Durbin (Ill) on debt ceiling vote "Conscience makes cowards of us all."
the correct answer is obviously "Tool Time"
LMFAO thats crazy and what about me have you asked for?
Follow new follower,
thanks for the note. do you do online coaching? i am in need of some direction right now.
you watch it? im not saying it was you. lol
then give it up haha
"Fine by Me" - Andy Grammer
Not Your usual rapper
So mammoth is cold..
"We need a more compelling convo than just number and facts. Start talking to the right side of the brain" - Mitch Anthony
working on my Rare Book School talk for Monday: "Are Digital Editions for Real? and Are Printed Books History?"
It's the dawning of a new era.
Wednesday. Enhancing my brand through social media.
don't hate son...
school; 1 day down.. 179 more to go. i can do this.
I hate being lied to..why can't you just tell me straight up. :\
Just picked up the MLK Day of Service 2012 t-shirts! They look great!
Miley Cyrus in punkd
Happy Halloween! ~ Makes me wish i grew up a little bit slower
haha no none none at all
YOU CANT RESPOND WITH A BLANK TWITTER TWEET!
I haven't been here 1/2 hr and already I wish I were dead.
The final edits and background vocals on my band's new song have been delayed another week. I was hoping it would be finished by now.
congrats bro see you when you get back in town
Sometimes my ignorance puts 2 cents in. Bitch if u wasnt on Twitter telling the world u havnt had dick maybe I wouldnt have wanted to fuck!
Whenever I play 2k my player mode. It make want to go ball and do everything my "my player" character does...
thank you :) your really nice!
SoDak represent! “: South Dakota State () get No. 14 seed, will play No. 3 Baylor in 1st round of NCAA tournament."
I love you like a love song baby<U+2665>
no. no no no no no.
COUGH COUGH ! ASTHMA IS STILL FLARING UP CHEST HURTS MORE BREATHING TREATMENTS...sigh
Jesus was fuckin these hoes too RT : is really cucttin' up w/these church tweets. God gone get you !
getting ready to work on Christmas designs.
SO LOVE THE NEW "BITTY BOXERS" FROM CHOOSEY CHICKS BY BOXERCRAFT. Unbelievably cute for spring. BE CHOOSEY!
Thanks for helping get the word out about The Global Theatre Project and their call for Rap artists!
Congrats! It's so exciting that #Sundance is expanding. London, India, wonderful.
Is that a short joke, sir? Because if it is, I am for you, sir.
What's going on tonight Abq? I'm bored at work so you should come get pierced or something
I seem to curse way more during school than during summer. It's a problem lol
have fun!! Let us know how it is! :)
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show??????????? ;)
Now bxtch you know she TAKEN ; why you keep trying
Last race of Day 1 of the Texas Rowing Championships has crossed the finish line. Masters and more junior racing tomorrow!
I'm jealous.
had tons of fun last night with and
Thanks. We hope so too! ": Congrats to on the win at ! Hopefully many more this year."
this is hot! Thx
Crystal Sea? Thanks Andre :)
if we haven't said thank you for all the #ff love and retweets, THANK YOU!
How is everyonne :l
Marcelo M. Suárez-Orozco appointed Dean of the UCLA Graduate School of Education and Information Studies, effective September 1, 2012.
Come to Loca Luna and visit me and :)
My two favorite things about sundays: reading sunday secrets and watching C
Eco-Friendly Camping Tips for Summer
Thanks, but where you celebrating Mothers's Day?? Amsterdam? Lol!
: You faggot, you wish you could be here with all of us!
Sunshine! Sunday! Winning!!!
I like my pinterest better for entertainment at slow times, LOL... It's just not very local or "social" LOL
AMEN. *high five*
I have a streak of word nerd in me. So I twiddle betwixt the tweets, and hope I get away with it. ;)
thanks what did doc say today?
Hey, buisnesses I sent applications too: hire me
ICONic Boyz (: && Yeahh ! I Sent Them Fan Mail && They Sent Me Back <3
where did you get that privileged information?
bear grylls killed an alligator, what a man
hahaha...have u guys seen the stapler?
bike comes thursday!
nothing much jux been Solo lately wbu stranger #2 ?
why are you always dividing by zero, #graphite, when my pie chart has not enough data in range? sigh :(
Become a Groupatic and follow ! #Groupatic to get ur tweets blasted out on our new site! #Teamfollowback.. God night!
I just got a gay vibe from Matt..
Its halfprice wednesday at Salon Prodigys you can checkout our price list at salonprodigys.com
no wonder you looked darker today.. It's a literal sunburn!
Thx! RT : Check out to look for renting in #ROC area. Has maps of areas and all that check out the site!
thanks for the #followfriday...note to all-if you like chocolate, follow
Sammy please stop giving D x-pills
Mexican pizza. Best of both worlds!
I'm just gonna try my best not to annoy about whats going on at the venue right now. lol
Sexy crazed freak,but only 4 my man...
is on now go watch ;)
His shit look like a lace front tho
surprisingly, I am not pulling it out. And that makes most people nervous, lol. Some hair has fallen out, but that's genes.
Much appreciated homie!
Pizza, margaritas, and "Blade Runner" with and
Me: Hola, como estas? Spanish guy: Talks really fast. Me: Shhh calm down, Dora didn't teach me that yet.
lol ok I'm done now. I'm not gonna doubt pastor Wiley lol
a functionality stand point but not to a huge degree.
My neighbors would kindly like you to box out so I quit yelling at you to box out.
Word up
- Thank you. But I need all the help I can get.
Just kall me e doobie kause i smoke to the doobie lol i do it
hope everybody is enjoying the freakin' freedom that is fall....
Of course you can hit a girl in the face. They have faces don't they.
Tippy and I are down for the count too!
O it was soo good!!!
Splash #splash splash keep it up..
congratulations and good luck in the upcoming season
is Big Omaha turning into the Big Shakedown?
RT : Our #SoupsoftheDay are Cuban Pork Chili (gluten-free) and Cumin Corn Chowder. Enjoy your day!
Exploring new #toy #art for the #gallery any suggestions?
The truth is, I had alot of good intentions. But I wasted them on people who didnt deserve them.
I don't know... depression has a way of making everything feel hopeless and blanketing everything... you know?
I agree, the interesting piece will be at whose expense. I'm guessing RIM and Android.
In the future, perhaps I should swear more.
I want some coney
THAT'S WHO I BE.
Music fill me, touch me, let's do it
Oh for real? I'd kill myself too.
I have an obsession with accents
thanks, good seeing you again!
Happy Halloween:)
Well tomorrow night is a back to the 80's retro party at the club can't wait hit me up to get on the guest list
What Mikael said! MT Thank YOU! & I had a fantastic time. This festival is by far my favorite.
actually crying... This was my life
I'll take CARE of you! <3
Mine to. even though it's a dress, it's very warm inside of it(:
Yep, it's time for a change. ALL SYSTEMS GO!!!!
Yup! There's nothing better than the big apple! It's the city of hopes & dreams! Just got to love it! XD
If we put these checks together we could buy a bag of #Skittles!
what hashtag would you have suggested for #BurberryWestphal ?
"Tonight" is a song about a drunk man who's friends are taking him home. #ironically it is also the theme song for Nisan car commercials.
keep up hard work and being inspirational
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
thanks to everyone who voted for the video to air on channel 13- they won!!
Just heard/am unsure about go go cover of 'til the world ends'
Listen to Cherish the day - sade this mornin to mellow u out and get u thru this friday
Nice blog post, Swin. Storm fans will miss seeing you in a Seattle uniform next season.
Did you miss the #2012cw150 Signature Conference at VMI? No worries - the conference will be aired on C-SPAN. Stay tuned for the times!
i took a month off twitter did anyone miss me?
So they took away the 3? Great.
“I never trust a man unless I've got his duck in my pocket.” --Lyndon Johnson
damn bro. Well at least your out of town being productive
My mother is mean.
LOL We're just trying to make new friends in the community. :-)
Hello to my new tweeps ! Thanks for the follow!
#BGC8 I wish I culdve.watch it damn tv package we got .
Spinning a 5 and a half foot pole...So much lighter than a 6' >.<
Romo vivid reminds me of B Favre in early 90's choking against Cowboys in playoffs. Always threw critical int's.
Trade shows ...what do U need? Just done - huge embroidered blanket test for Ad agency.going to roll out - ck R testimonials - linkedin & w…
Like Roy Tarpley or Ralph Sampson . . . or more recently Brandon Roy
Just arrived at the Bridal Bizarre...should be fun!!
Showing condos and found a hacksaw in the bathroom sink. Problem?? Lol
Which I was really bummed about, because I had more people of various sizes wanting to donate.
Thank you so much Naja! Obrigado!
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time . . . It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.s
Please visit www.cisaustin.org for ways to get involved with CIS
My Little Cousin Loves You.!:)
u just made up tweet or what lol
getting ready for SIGraDi 2009 in Sao Paulo on the role of architecture in virtual worlds - a lecture in Rio and Campinas too
im really happy :)
Um, are you drunk driving?
Need our help?
almost 300 tweets!
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
I know I don't want nobody else but you...
Oh Sister, You are indeed chosen! Soak it up. Lay down in his lap and receive it. He's crazy wild about you!!!! Big hugs.
Such a long day:/
RT : Take a look at this spot my Mister and I did. Hope you like...and sorry if I hurt your feelings. Just too confident...
The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience.
Car alarms going off. Get it together
Wish this weather would make up it's mind
Ready to to travel and see the world. #Adventurous !!!
Just got tickets for an April show. Best natural high ever.
yeah, no prblem
RETWEET if you want a video greeting from KathNiel [First 50 to RT this will get a followback, must be following
Lucky YOU!!!! Have a Great weekend!
I am a terrible Foursquare user. I never remember to check in until I am on my way out.
Keep up the good work!
Signed into for the first time since 2009. Amazing what you forget over the course of 2 years. Who the fuck were these clients?
Woman aggressively screamed: SHALOM at me - whats wrong with DC
Can't sleep.. Can't stop smiling cos of
RT Once you figure out who you are and what you love about yourself, I think it all kind of falls into place. Jennifer Aniston
that's awesome! Lol
Took the boy out to dinner, I wanted to unpack but can't find the energy. Will I ever start to unpack?
I will check on soy milk for you non dairy drinkers :)
": Swag is for boys, class is for men."
Bummed that the Pats lost- but a GREAT Super Bowl. Final seconds, close game & a hail Mary pass. (Madonna was pretty good too)
I can vouch that they have not been soiled by Erik Bedard.
thx! RT : Your best monthly specials yet. The burger, totchos and shake are all AMAZING!
Barry from Storage Wars must a Multi-Millionaire! He always pays way to much!
Who wants to get sparked up?! Hmu
Thank you!
Does anyone remember the show NFL Matchup? Great show on Sunday Mornings. All they did was break down gametape w jaws and Merrill hoge
Big fat yellow donate button on front page. Volume 14.19 ready for everyone to download at thebeatwithin.org
you want pancakes?
5 more weeks of school
YES! RT : Brittany. Newark, Delaware. Someone funny like Tina Fey...or Tina Fey AS Liz Lemon!
My sister is a child life specialist (US-term). She does amazing work with kids and families inpatient and outpatient!
I agree. Take Lewin's elegant equation B(f) P+E behavior is a function of the person and the environment.
Linkedin is down,. of course everyone knows that.
Feel better!
Team Big Lou.
Just got to ! Surprised the bf with tickets tonight.. Hoping they will get this W :)
Another celebration tonight! Going to a business party w my General Mgr. All business to tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BC>
..in 4yrs she's gonna run, she's better suited to be POTUS then SOS and I dare you to name a dem. for 2016 now. No, no, go ahead I'll wait..
aint nothin scarcastic about that, he stole a whole verse from a dead singer hes a homo.
Well, shucks. We have to buy a new pool liner for one of the rental properties. On the bright side .. they have some pretty ones!
I probs have a thing in my season pass booklet to make it cheaper!!!!!
my wife is blasting Pink Floyd on the stereo and, I'm sorry, but I just don't get it....
genius! That could actually work. :-)
Wow that's good but are they bad seats?
that's my jam. hova!
You too!! Enjoy
Thanks you!
The pinacolada song! on #repeat!
Commission votes to move Assembly maps forward to next phase. Will vote to adopt on August 15th.
Think I should start a rant twitter.
Thanks. Let me know if you ever need anything.
Liking an idea that De Leon is now broaching- that maybe we don't promote archaeology enough as an actual tool of modern inquiry.
the petitioners will not be pleased.
I love you're my inspiration please follow me on twitter please please i love you<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
u wanna go to Rangers Astros on tues hit me up?!?!
So my mom voulenteered me to babysit again
She's hot, and still hot after babies and stuff. She's married to a hot surfer, too. Her life is hot.
Lawyers what IF you had a steady stream of leads & prospects coming in from your marketing efforts?
Who is going to Smashing Pumpkins tomorrow at the Cosmopolitan? We'll see you there!!
ugh gonna go talk to my dad
oh and there's apple juice
thanks! Love ya too! <U+E401>
that's what im sayin. Im on an anti viral medicine & im going to NYC all week. Gives me motivation to drink more.
or they may be trying to tell you something..WEIGHT ROOM
What makes you follow someone or a brand here? First thoughts on your mind.
RIP Heavy D
That's hard to do around here
i would appreciate if you all finished that record. Call me if you have any questions.
I asked if mama z available to come in to write tomorrow “: ahahahaha!!!”
the sky is bluee..
"Bury You In The Ground" by
I hope alex is paying you for them. After all you have to hang out with him.
Still thinking about #yardbird and , good food & good times!
well I was but I'm not anymore
#ireallywant LA radio to step their game up and play songs from this decade.
My friend is the best! Intelligent, funny and fashionable all rolled into one!
getting ready to hear your interview on
They closed splash mountain...again. Wtf
Come in for a doughnut, color a dinosaur & go to the NM Museum of Natural History & Science.Your dinosaur could help win a dozen doughnuts!
#HuskyFest is here! The special #FourPeaksNW show #HackingEdu tapes 2nite! Join us in the big tent in Red Square!
Imagine if the identity function was applied to innovation - 17 yrs for the stethoscope to be adopted.
Article brings up an interesting point re: Baron Davis amnesty. We all thought it was about #Cavs getting out of contract...
Let`s kick some Cal Poly tail tomorrow.
Perhaps...played #hockey last night and had a game for the ages. It may have to stay until its charm wear off!
Come Support CLIENT: as she Presents Bare Chest For Breast Cancer. Gifting Suite SPONSORED by: On 10.26.11...
:) RT Great conversation with Great things in store for and
Be kind to each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you. Ephesians 4:32,
The gathering announces prize pool at Starcraft 2, with the amazing amount of 17400$ in total. Huge step for norwegian eSport, yay!
I grew up mostly broke, so my selection of higher education institutions was very limited.
Marco you are great and all your artists are mind blowing, glad I hooked up with you.
You are a very talented photographer! Keep it up!
RT : Pressure Point analysis identified 29 pressure points in their example case. Feels like a recipe for info overload.
See this Business Opportunity! And who doesn't love candles.....
I would like to see a track other than Homestead be the final Cup race of the season.
hang in there girl. Watch the girl on Ellen who bought a house at 14. That should keep you motivated!
Movie time hope its not a crier
thanks but I fail bc of these braces!! They make ur mouth all Wierd lol! It would work for kailyn
U r not ur parents u r just of
Getting outta school at 1045 due to no air conditioning :D
Repeat of '94 in Vancouver...riots after game 7 loss.
no autographs yesterday...but did have a streak of 8 days with McHale comment once. 4 of those at the final 4!
fell asleep in english today so funny, i always sleep in tht class
Thanks for the shout out!
Good so far... (#Royals #Rangers)
The show better not end <U+E413>
The Boys and Girls Club of Dane County is hosting a Thanksgiving Dinner and help is still needed!
it does indeed, the mall was packed today with people shopping for their summer lines
Casting directors and producers want to like YOU more than your picture.
RT : Safe to say they #gophers would have gone undefeated in the Pac12?
Last finance committee meeting EVER.
Baking into the wee hours! Lemon layer cake with lemon cream cheese frosting. The perfect midnight snack!
cuz I'm swearing..usully from hurting myself
ming. You're all over the place! RT : I like that new
Why is nd so pumped to beat Syracuse?
GOOD ONE!
#wattttevvaa...i can watch it my own.... no no more frnds kekek :P
Eli + Nicks = AMAZING!
Sent you a crazy long reply. Let's see what you think
"you're too close to a nest, dude."
hahaha okay :D
How did you spend your earth day? Try something that's healthy for your heart AND your environment! Ride a bike instead of driving!
We need to educate policy makers about how the Internet works so they can make better decisions
I know the feeling. The spring real estate market has kept me so busy, I haven't had time to update my events calendar!
Web site is official! Majorleaguesportstalk.com! Check it out, making some changes later
In Fairfax County this wkend? Reserve at Waples Mill is Grand Opening. All sorts of design and structural options available
Unhappy predecessor
RT #Life101 Remember this: There will always be something that's not right ABOUT YOU...to a person who's NOT RIGHT for you!!!
Rickie Fowler's game is finally starting to match his wardrobe.
Would love to see a movie where the word "vagina" was said, not as an insult, but as a regular noun.
I love Vegas ! Getting all my art ready and updating my site once my comp is fixed . Thank god for cell phones!
and "people who aren't really experts at anything other than regurgitating links and things others say"
walk in Brooklyn, surrounded by smartphone addicts, almost got hit in the face with an iPhone. people, look around you & have some eye fun!
Don't forget, we'll be at #ESX2010 starting tomorrow at booth # 314. Come on over, chat, and see the new #PBXAssistant!
good talk with the homie what he's about to drop next is crazy!
yes. It's a food cart festival, that will have food "art" you can eat! Consider yourself invited by me! Come say "hi" ;-)
Proposed: you can't love The Basement Tapes and hate Self Portrait.
Definitely want my artist in this
#happybirthday May 19, 1925- Malcolm X (Little), civil rights activist
Came home to a pile of home made cookies, and ribs in the oven. Nom nom I love school vacations nom nom nom
Watching the heathers with " I love my dead gay son!"
Q6 Creativity, as a skill, is in demand, but traditional schools stifle it. What can we do to change this?
Hologram Elvis has left the building.
I want to be a jillianairre so freakin bad.
It was a play on the lyrics. They hear the song and him saying "give me your hand". IE him telling them to give him their hand.
What are you creating today? I'd like to know.
This drama shit is getting ridiculous...
Now we are watching Madeas family reunion! Lmfao this movie is hilarious ;P
On my way to work
In my voice. "built my own lane ain't no nigga ever hand me shit"
Tired of games, i just want something real.
yes I did is there a problem or is somebody scared?
...and THAT is why is my go to.
no idea, but have fun! RT On my unofficial tour of Every City in the UK, Friday I'm seeing Bristol. What's good in #bristol?
Beauty..an intense pleasure or deep satisfaction to the mind. Hope you are having a beautiful Tuesday...SMOOCHES ==}
We are buying properties in Probate and Divorce court in Houston and Galveston- Paying Finder fees and referrals! Add home buying Services
your server is too busy; can't enter "...kitchen w/David". Bo. I wanna win! :)
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Thanks for the #ff mention yesterday, Margaret.
with plenty of craft beer I'm sure...
This is gonna be a good series between la paper clips and the San Antonio Spurs. Spurs in FIVE GAMES #GoSpursGo #SpursNation!!!!!
Inspiring Casting DIrector Workshop today with ..I recommend doing one with her for all actors in LA. Great insight:)
Yes Sir!!!
Today was the first day of American Craft Beer Week - bars across America are celebrating w/ tapping parties & happy hours, you should...
Philly cheese steak no mushrooms an a large lemonade is about to do me right
this weekend? Yup it must be legit cause you didn't say next week. Haha
Eli Manning is William Wallace combined with Clint Eastwood. Beat Rodgers, the 49ers D and Brady in one playoffs.
I love when people ship me. (;
Will you marry me? I think yes! :D
wup bro how u been...
i've been really good. and you?
work work work
#DallasMavs beat #NYKnicks but you only give Lin's box on Dallas' 103.3fm sports center break?!
My tooth brush was going off in class lmaooo. Embarssing.
Or ago, even.
MS. WILLIAMS.....WHEN DON'T U LOOK FIERCE...ME AND MY 2 DADY's LOVE LOVE U.....!!
Just Uploaded an new Store on www.myspace.com/mikelovemusic, Check it out!
There are a ton of great Hoops documentaries out there I like better than any movie. I like "The Street Stops Here."
inside jokes are the best...especially when you can share them with someone you love. that's my PSA for the day.
you must be so proud of yourself, a redneck from NY your smart
": #Capricorn sees through people like radar"
If they only come around when they wanna "cum" , then you're better off without them. That's not what makes a relationship.
ah thats awesome! check it out on itunes :) and we've been up that way already this year but im sure we'll be up there soon :)
Here at home tryin to keep cool. Gonna watch a movie with the hubby. :)
rofl gross
Who else wants it in madden???
Haha good one. I'm watching a movie with kaytee.
I hate disrespectful kids. I just wanna take my belt off and whoop some ass! That's all they really need...a real good ass whooping...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The Chitty guest visit is solid. There is nothing shitty about
Can't wait to go home! I hate FCAT.
That is tempting.. wish we could!
Thank you for the generous gift and lovely card. I enjoyed reading all of the messages. It was an honor to serve and I loved it!
my bad
Pretty mad that my sister has been home like only two nights this week -___-
HI PRIMA! how r ya? do you already know the date of the next family reunion? last thing I heard: AUGUST. my mom wanna know more :)
Lol that's fine. And you're welcome:)
Sniff, sniff... it's been so long:(!
goodluck babe! you'll do great!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
congrats man!
Can't wait to see it
Old men seem to think that younger women are attracted to them hell no pops
This is going to be a good game
Thanks Luv! Drop by sometime we are located on 8mile near northland skating rink also we r looking4models u would be perfect
will the 3 point line move back to NBA distance one day?
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next
Hah! RT : Dear George Clooney, if you want to celebrate your win with a weekend at the Italian Villa, give me a call....
if u hate fb rt me
Packing for Leavenworth, wine tasting, mini-golf, mountain goats, camping, whitewater rafting.
So what can you Expect from the purchase of Our Guide??
Boy! How fast Heat "fans" change when their action packed star studded team is losing.
You might want to check out www.showcases1.com if you don't see it then give them a call 800-240-1850 for DVD case
I can't believe Nelly's Country Grammar is actually about Instagram... What the hell?
the secret to good blogs, as well as life: relentlessness.
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
Love it! and yes, we're ready for our closeup Mr. DeMille!
Its easy to give up hard to keep going
"ABSOLUTELY gorgeous necklace!!!" - Nancy from Columbus, Ohio
Inviting you to join us a New Hope here in NOLA for service tomorrow...1807 LaSalle St...6:45 or 11!!!
10x application deadline is fast approaching, May 6. Don't keep your tech startup ideas locked in your head! Get it out to market!
Our website has been a little out of sorts the last few days, but we're back up and running now! Thanks for your patience!
SEND IN YOUR QUESTIONS FOR OUR INTERVIEW WITH NOW!
Hell is Empty & all the devils are here
i feel like im gonna throw up omg...and i have the hiccups...oh no.
Good morning world!! check my music out at www.myspace.com/joridel425 let me know what u think. thanks!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Little Shy Dogs and Big Loud Dogs
If I knew what a hashtag was, I'd offer one . . .
i know! it makes our heart melt <3
Perfect! RT : It will be a warm and mostly dry with highs forecasted in the middle to lower 80's. The weekend will be warm & humid
Rushed to class soaking wet from the rain thinking I'm having a test but get here to see he's going to include it in the final -__-
That moment when you get so happy you start to scream. <3
is the baking effect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008A>
Happy Thanksgiving - this is a great time of year to remind ourselves and thank all those individuals that help us be successful.
Its a cup cake day!
omg thanks for the comment!! a friend of my brother did it for me, his twitter is under the cover. omg potential reader!!
palmdale come back to me. i need you and i love you baybayyy. and thats been stuck in my head for the last week. sorry in advance.
Happy to see that the west coast will finally get a chance to appreciate this wonderful production. Loved
My brother's wedding is in 5 days. My mom's already asking when she can expect me to get married. Slow down there....I'm n no rush.
"Twilight Is forever" <<< seriously #Twitter, you need to ban shit like this from trending
That post fight hug was just too cute
"I picked one thing out of your resume to focus your entire career on..."
Late start and early release today :)!
anyone have #GMAT prep course recommendations?
RT Congrats to the next 13 players that qualified fro GSOP Live Prague last night! Who will be next?
I looked at your schedule...no D.C. If you do, I'd love to meet with you, me, Matthew Lesko. You "GET IT" man. Thanks
Last night I fucked my back up, fucking moving ac's around my house
You were right on the Orange of Syracuse but Wisconsin represented!
great ? I think peeing on someone dead/alive, but especially dead is disgraceful. However, killing someone w/mallace is worse
it's scraps verses the yard today. bet the farm on scraps. it's a lock.
and I are getting out glam on too!!
I forgive and I'm letting go and letting god. I bless you and release you!!
Stop listening to your fears and start speaking your blessings into existence!
Death of a Salesman. Philip Seymour Hoffman. Wow.
keep connecting! Comment on their posts. It's an ongoing process. :)
The new thing is using offline data with online cookies to optimize the advertising experience.
hell nah!
well guess I'm going to go lay down and watch Viva La Bam since that sexy ass won't reply or follow me:) lol
Gotta love computer issues on Monday!
thanks so much! A happy and healthy to you and yours!
Our sandwich cookies are vegan this weekend! Lots of yummy treats!
WTF? The best birthday you got was from me damnit!
that means we'll see you!
as a CLT native you should not look away from this train wreck!
who single and ready to mingle ;)
My nails are done. I bit em all off. Hahahahaha
When determination drives you failure is not an option.
One day left till Conjur party. Join us for music, drink specials and giveaways from 7-10 tomorrow night !!
for a second I thought ypu were following me but I guess I was just imagining it
#becauseitsfriday im going to workout my legs and back..like i do every Friday. yea buddy!
I like it. Maybe I should read my book until I pass out. OR MAYBE NOT?? RT Okay, maybe not all night. But like 20 minutes?
Thanks, I hope you enjoy.
It feels good to know that you are loved.
Yaya! It's New YearS Eve! I love this Holiday =)
great minds...
A "Gregg-versation" closely resembles an actual conversation except with me doing most of the yakking.
when is it in itunes ?! Im buyinn ; )
HBO Zone is all about the monsterball today. Hell fucking yea I'm definitely watching again :).
Let me know if you need any assistance with media and marketing.
*Jerking my head over to , her tone a kick in the ass* Ana, I…
Gaddafi sons differ over Libya conflict Africa Al Jazeera English
Baseball games with and
Do you speak any other languages?_________
That does not surprise me somehow haha.
LOL THEY'RE OUT OF WEED.
Fort Worth kids are so much chiller than kids from Keller haha
Oh please,I don't turn heads I break necks xP
follow me !? please :)
happy Ramadan, beautiful! u r in my hearts and prayers always! boos boos!! that means "kisses" in Farsi! YAY! <3
I don't read comments but this one was good. Breaking news: SEPTA suddenly finds it has a large number of office vacancies at all levels.
Adding "tv personality whisperer" to my resume:)
The Supreme Court? Congress? A Reality TV Show?
Congrats!! That's still a lot of miles to run.
"did u know that u could be wrong and swear ur right?"~
Wouldn't it be fun to be like Daddy Warbucks and to be able to help orphans and others in need?
You just had to come back and try to mess it up huh ? Get a life...seriously .
“: Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me. - Fred Rogers #quote” Thanks for sharing this.
Thank you! So it isn't open for general walk-ins?
i love you so much plz follow back and RT
You NEED to bring back the very talented & wonderful ASAP!! There's so much more story for Austin!!
Run late barely manage to get to the bus early and bus comes extra late ... >.>
Well, CNN now says there's a giant hole in the sun pointing at us, if that's not pressure to wrap this up, I don't know what is.
i'm doing very good. Thanks for asking. :)
tirred a little bit
RT : Okay #highered tweepies, I need to get into the adult learning/continuing education circles. Who do I follow?
remember when I saw him last year at the peach state for the first time? I blew you up!
Charles Barkley Believes Oklahoma City Thunder Will Beat Dallas Mavericks: A Fan’s Take
Having roommates is like having children you can drink with.
Danelle was right from #BB13 Brendon is a zombie that wont die from CBS. Brendon & Rachel on Amazing Race 2Nite
your my jack and I'm your Rose
How much do you know about #equalpayday? Did you know today symbolizes how far into 2012 women must work to earn what men earned in 2011?
1111 make a wish!
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO BODY ELSE!
Made the mistake of smiling at the couple next to me. Was just regaled with 30 min overview of their lives from birth till today. No groovy
both are EPIC FUN!!!!
Happy Friday Tweet Peeps!
Follow Now!
Lol only Jayda would sing Christmas songs during May. *cough cough* (;
5 words! ;P I win! x] -le plays music- Lmao
If you talk about The Wonder Years you will die in yo sleep k.
Too late in Saint Louis to say 'Goodnight', so I'm not gonna say it. Bye xx
Came home and cracked open a bud light . Yea I'm livin :)
nothing . Haha. I jusstt need a jacket to go with my outfit. Lmao
Dupont metro station full of smoke.
So much internet communications. How can I keep up?
Fortunately, the nice officer only issued me a warning for doing 3 miles an hour over the posted speed limit.
Finishing up my training materials for Milw seminar tomorrow & I'm starting to feel sorry for landlords that got screwed by their lobbyists.
Introducing that music to the whole damn house!
that's awesome man...I can't wait to see it...I'm in boone so ill have to go when I get back
My friends turned me into a monster :D Rawr
will tonight's LA STAGE talk at on Arts' Criticism be available for streaming?
Don't miss the nxt Sports.Peace.Love. show with Cancer survivor, Positively Pat. Learn how her triumph inspires others! 11/2, 7p - 745p...
Hope everyone's holidays were great. Have a safe and happy New Year!
i need a hitter..a dread head driller
same living lifting enjoying life. So do u live in denver or somewhere else?
Had a nightmare last night that was all typos.
Pier 60 was great! And beautiful as always!
i am so out of shape
Politics use to be so boring in MN. First we elected a professional wrestler Governor, now this....
Sadly I'm ok with that...
I remember watching a rerun of "The Brady Bunch" when Marsha crushed on handsome Davy Jones, who guest starred. I crushed on him too!
Scumbag Flash just locked up my PC so hard that I had to manually reset it.
I never took off the tinfoil hat -- duh!
Broncos have tough road ahead after a debacled 2010
-thanks fir the mention
is it weird that i read all of your tweets in the "kevin" voice in my head?
2 ALL MY STYLISH FOLLOWERS......U can now find me on facebook! im still uploading things on there so its still kind of bare, so dnt judge me
how ignores my texts<<<<<<
Over yo fucking hair we was coo wen it was juss us no problems she didn't have to take yo ungrateful ass in
Off to Puma party
#MyPastRelationships who cares...im happy now!!!
Good Morning! Come visit us at www.knowledgesafari.com! Create a profile, write a review, start/join a group.
Thanks for seeking YP Holdings in the Twittersphere! New B2B social footprint is in in progress. I will keep you posted!
What's On Your Wall?
haha no shutout needed. I was just joshing. Did I win anything else at ?
That workout was GREAT! now just gonna eat a salad!
We're working on play-everything-at-once functionality and will Tweet whenever this and/or other new features roll out.
totally for RT : Oh, 10 hashtags in that tweet? You must be such a trend-setter.
In bed, it`s 6AM you close your eyes for 5 minutes, it`s 7:45. At school it`s 1:30, close your eyes for 5 minutes, it`s 1:31
Up early and shit
So proud of you! Excited for this group and their impact!
true true :P
Anji has improved so much.I have noticed 2 things: her talking -barking empowers her. Her sense of smell -she relies
cause you're working on 's album xD
Drove by Dolores PArk earlier today. Insane!
Adobe Edge Preview
Leuer vs Howard is David bs Goliath, and it looks like David brought his sling shot tonight.
My boy better have a good time tonight
Happy New Year everybody!
I usually don’t remember days, I remember moments.
oh, ok (: doesn't it like hurt ur hair or something though?
no that was last nite @ labor endorsement. Pigs @ public trough.
Always happy to support a fellow Penn Stater! Good luck in OKC this summer.
Who would like to see us in their hometown this Summer??
remember when bein called a twitt was a bad thing....
I heard fun for days, those cakes were pretty!
I would need strong whiskey to talk about the intricacies of archival description at this point.
Ghost adventures & jimmy johns #yesplease ; Now if only a boy would text me.. I'd be a somewhat happy camper
kobe is feeling it, i am thinking 50?
you are not an english teacher so not you didn't play my life
Can't deny that hook tho
Saw a homeless guy with sign saying, will follow u on twitter for a dollar, might have remember where he was to break this follower drought
Such an awesome day shooting, time for some much needed sleep ;)
so fantastic. I hope there's an entire book in english some day
i know, if i hear someone else scream besides myself at the concert i'll know it's you.lol
Grateful for that unexpected train - made it onto commuter rail with a comfortable 10 minutes to spare. I wouldn't have otherwise.
Twitter said I'm not following people WTF
But I already bought you pot and a boot-full of cowboy tea!
I'm sorry, I fell asleep...jet lag. Let's do lunch and ill bake you a cake!
ok you said i could watch it later and i said how
I have to give my best friend my 2nd code but it wouldn't be a big deal to buy a third one. I could always hang up the box
the writing is on the wall
Stop acting like you're the last coke in the desert. I'm not gonna die. I've already moved on. So stop sweating yourself, cus no one els ...
Friday is finally here ! Wishing everyone a very happy & peaceful holiday season!
Apparently DMCA's long arm also keeps you from hacking your computer.
where exactly are you? Tried to join but we couldn't find you
The problem is the dress, I want it in the worst way, but fear it won't fit my elephant ass!
1 follower until 500 I hope or is that one.....Love you guys.
no more excuses to not do the taxes. The best assistant got all my book keeping done. yeah!
These white lies!
I love you. Check my last tweet. I did my own "verse" for today. Need to know how out of line I am. LOLOLO
Looking forward to having u on our turf. RT : See you all tonight great food from
Our Restaurant week menu .....
if i had a sextape who would watch it ?
RT : If you live in #Austin or want to keep an eye on the tech scene, you should follow (please retweet)
thanks for including us in your weekend plans.
#houston AAACBC Offers In-House Website Financing United-Kingdom/London - In a struggling economy it is even more difficult for Sta
You look #AMAZING in your prof pic!!!! So gorgeous! Let's meet up soon! Xo
Ugh! I am so ready to go home!!!
This is what dreams are made of. :))
i wish the #braves would gone and win this game…a brother getting sleepy eye lids getting heavier and heavier
by far my friend, been watching longer than you have been alive.
A letter from the Creative Director is now viewable at www.RevenjJeans.com
is it really bad
This anatomy project <<<<having a good time
Can I start refusing to read articles (and dissertations!) that refer to digital natives w/o mentioning the problematicism of the term?
Ill b ready at 2, sounds good, 3 hours later still waiting. Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate
a monkey shit in your mouth? how do you figure? lol
Nickleback+ NBC Sports=worst sports coverage ever.
Coming along! We're hoping a new look for the new year. Hope u r well!
"Okay I'll ask her if they have wrestling books - but I hope they don't. Do you have wrestling books for little boys?" Oh how I wish we did.
Frank sucks. he's useless. end of story - get him off the show now!
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass? Solitaire.
Going to see my friend Dj from out of town at cameo then who knows what
This is Playstation soccer now
I've been good. Just miss you guys here in Twitterland, LOL. And yourself?
I admit to not getting it. The original is funny because regexps are supposed to solve problems. But ontologies?
true! Thats the same thing I said about having it on a weekday cause if it wasn't on a week day, then there would be riots lol
Times have changed. Unlimited opportunity for the city of Albuquerque TODAY and TOMORROW. It's more than Red or Green.
Pursue your dream to become a lawyer, but keep up with the writing, too.
Scientists discover that Venus has an ozone layer high in its atmosphere, overturning the long-held view that it did not
i dont know about boobs...
WeLoveNickJonas NickMakeItEasyForMiley? Why don't you fuck yourselves? NILEY IS OVER. MOVE ON. Miley fucked up. Not Nick.
CJ Watson needs to get the ball to Deng or Rip...
And we have our three winners for the 3 NEW Manning jerseys...they are... CONGRATS you three!
so waths up? :)
4 MKE runners have already hit their $1,000 mark for the ! Way to raise the bar in February!
So true. The Dems don't have to 'work' for the black vote...they know the black vote is in their pocket. When will we learn?
Thank you! :)
I wrote a lot of the lyrics.
interviewed me today about Lindsay on
That Would Be A Good Idea! LOL x
fabulous! Baby's a kicker! Might name him Beckham! Have a great day!
Tom Brady has waiting at home, has #HOF waiting in the wings, & has Mr. Kraft showering him $$$$. #WhataLife,
Watching #WDYTYA in the AfriGeneas chat.
15-1 and come out and play this flat...the Giants did not win - the Packers handed the game to them.
Hollywood infected your brain
bwahahaha well they might think it is when they see me!! :p
I am still stunned by that finale. Cannot WAIT for next season!! :D
You sleep better when you Hustle Hard..
Oh Yea, Just had some Capt'n Crunch and now it's Time for Fun Time!
ooh, capture the scent in a jar for me, will ya? -lisa
the Physical Education Building (PEB) sorry no clue how I missed you tweeting me
My neck feels like wood now. Totally free
and I are hanging out with this week. SJ and SJ (pronounced Sooj (her) and Sij (me)). We can fight crime!
nope lol you thought i was older because I BE ON MY GROWN , correct ?
The streetlights are actually maple-bacon flavored Scentsy candles.
I know!! Hopefully!!
One out of 30 babies born in US is a twin
- Was going to go but decided to cover UFC later this month.
Browser evolution is important for us because www.dreamface.org supports multiple browsers & we are planning to move video supt to HTML5
If you're in downtown Chicago tonight, stop by McGee's to party with !!! 950 W Webster Chicago IL
how did you hear about the Ja Rule to #YMCMB rumor?
#waystoimpressme listen to what I have to say
oh yea you better got that right
Thanks, guys, for the RT! My BFF just closed another one on Friday...who hooo!
+1 RT : T2: you may just have to wait a generation. Views on internet and security are difficult to change
Prediction: Santorum will win the Kentucky primary May 22nd. The headline "Santorum takes KY" and we'll all have a good chuckle.
Thanks for meeting with me, & great work last night. "Lemonade and a Chat" is a great name for a low-key discussion series.
your tweets are funny! :D whatssupp?
Alrighty. Have an excellent rest of the day. See you tomorrow!
UCI Libraries welcome new & returning students!!! #ucilib Don't forget to play in our library quests.
Im a Packer fan but this weekend im all Ravens
Well, its the pressured moments that define them. And they blew it
Committee: any drafting language from any person is welcome; proposals are preliminary
And I'm on, to the crack of dawn, mowin' down MCs like I'm mowin' lawn...
:Was about to complain about an annoying situation, but I let it be and God moved. . .<-- Sounds just like GOD!
i can't wait
The fifth Cutter: Coach Jim Kirkham works to earn 6th straight Little 500 crown
Great win today!
Launch party 4 the pulse happening May 31st featuring aerial show by Lucent Dossier. Hit me up 4 details on how 2 get on list
The Puppy Bowl is just like the Pro Bowl: The commercials blow, the crowd doesn't care and someone always shits on the field
I'll get you my pretty...and your little dog too!!!
Really enjoy your work.
doncha know it! Ya hey! Something with cheese, please. Wisconsin and beer just seem to go together in the summer.
If you are stressed out, stop right now and take 15 seconds to think of something that really makes you smile.
and the rocket's red glare.....
its cena vs. kane not swagger
I'm a baby. I hate storms & I'm scared of losing electricity because I'm scared of the dark..
We are going to kill it on "The Zone" & "Thursday". Kill it. I'm getting scared.
Occupiers manage to annoy 99%...of commuters today by marching down K St. at 5:15 pm
Even tho tought day tomorrow all you followers can be my valentiness (: kayy?
We are starting to plan for #kylestock #3!!! RT if you're stoked!!!
There's just not enough hours in the day..
Marty's wife is wearing the equivalent of a Hello Kitty necklace. Terrible.
yes sur!! U coming out, right?
Don't really know what to do right npw
Is Ashton wearing teva sandals? Ok now he is even more lame
Ur t best BlackNerd! Keep up t Awesome entertainment! Ur fan, -Annor An Hav Awesome New Year!! :))
In other barbershops, they discuss women & sports. At my shop we're discussing the next Spiderman movie.
What's for dinner? Lemon Pepper & Garlic Pasta. Toss up for later Double Chocolate Pie or a snifter of Hennessy Privilege.
Listen/ mastering tracks to the next mixtape I'm bout to drop! I just can't wait cuz what I listening to right now.... Pple need to hearASAP
Speculate on the U.S. dollar? How former U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin is doing it If a former U.S. secretary of the Treasury is d
My nigga turning into a #carlton .. off of Prince of Bellair.. smh!! Lame ass nigga
- so when can we start thinking about the draft? because after this trade this season sucks too much to talk about.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. Albert Einstein
I feel like dancing in the rain whos with me?? That was a much needed rain, thank you!!
case of the Mondays
my daughter was on the Cruise, she loved ur shit. Keep push'n
not a very funny joke
cool website, guys. Coupon aggregators work well to save money. Our deals are exclusive, so you gotta Download the app!
It's almost summer and I can feel it... 3 pool party invitations came in the mail this week!
Love the way Jimmy Kimmel is spreading it around
love this lineup for Mia. What's ur ideal? Does it change based on opponent?
if Oregon had a twitter account, it would say "I miss me some running cate"
Coming up at Tues. CV Council mtg: ordinance to prohibit medical mj dispensaries, recovery of expenses for emergency response, and more.
None are more enslave than those who think they are free but cannot recognize tyranny when it is staring them right in their faces
New Image-Pro Premier Image Analysis Software Accelerates Life Science &amp; Industry
you have no idea.
awkward because i go to lafayette...
nice, this shit's icy
Today, I'm dealing with it by shutting down the computer and heading to the studio! Hasta la vista, computadora!
You are the best! We were just talking about it at #TwoomiesHQ with the neighbors. Very confused.
28.53 seconds is the time to beat at the Ceiling Fan Installation. This impressive time was set by Charles Domier from Monterra Apt Homes!
show mi da baby
Telling stories through multiple voices , languages. A lesson for how we teach writing and construct scholarship.
Crazy how much good info I've gotten just through the hash, would have been so cool to be there.
I don't recall Kenya as our standard iced but I have only been a partner since 2004. We had Tanzania b4 this one.
Okay, I now feel bad for grumbling about idiot stockers at Target. On the upside, they had generic Excedrin there.
Pffft quantity doesn't beat quality. And for the record, Batman Begins is a better film than both.
We can't wait to host your wonderful group!
Former parish center eyed for gym
#Detroit Mayor Bing is pulling an #Obama and calling out those real people real stories people! #Stateofthecity #like!
Hope you get better sweetness...no OD'ing on Nyquil
That's a sign.....lol!! Frat you are next. “: just invite me to the wedding lol”
Didn't sleep well last night. At one point, I actually thought, "This is all Obama's fault." Then I laughed at my absurdity.
Kobe is not the greatest Laker of all time. Magic and Kareem are at least 2 better and TEAM players
im all way out west bra meet me sum wea closser
"We do the work. We carry the ball. We try to make life as easy as possible for our clients during this difficult time."
this world keeps spinning faster, to a new disaster <3
Im starting mine the same as any other startup. Plan. Build. Test. do it again
only if you help me find my morals
HI EVERYONE!!!! Thank U People 4 UR Support! Mark my words "I AM going to IMPACT ALL of your lives for YOUR HIGHEST GOOD... Love it or Not!"
Been itching to get back up on stage and do some stand up again..
Wonder when they will change the name from "Baker Acted" to "Allen West Acted"?.,.
Late to school. Shoot me now.
Saw two cops standing outside of Petit Louis yesterday. Did something else happen there or are they getting 'round the clock protection?
Alas, I live in America, where even vile hate speech like "Let's go, Buffalo!" is protected by the Constitution.
Dear Dr., My mom has MIGRAINES not heart problems. Please give her the right medication. Thanks. Sincerely, Not a happy daughter. x
Forgot to tweet on Sunday - saw/heard the opening song at church, in it's full AUTO-TUNED glory. Something I never thought I'd experience.
Went to visit Mom at the hospital after her surgery! She was in surgery for about 7 hours! She is doing good! :)
ask Britt.
Don't forget to register for the couples massage from LaBella Spa & Salon & a gift card to the Melting Pot. Drawing 2-29. TheBlindManNM.com
interesting take by George Koonce. Good read.
Help, I have a terminal case of awkwardness.
all falls down #kanyewest always reminds me of poreotics
might be my lunch today instead :)
"Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you"
I'm on a massive MIW fix right now. I just want to say thank you.
is finally heading to bed.. dont expect to hear from me till noon...or later!
He's waiting for the assistant to show up with his mid-morning, pre-meeting snack . . .
It was my choice. I'm sorry. It's just something I don't want to go through again, both of us are smiling with out each other. We are fine.
The worst thing in the world is a creative person with 1 idea. Scott Dikkers, founding editor of The Onion.
I'd be in SD until mid June so if I do head up to SEA I better see you before. Miss you more than 140 characters! Enjoy Morocco!
yeah me too. too much time on brandon
thanx I'll take a look
Calmness is the way we show that we are trusting in God.
that wouldn't be nice considering I can show you the world... shining, shimmering, splendid, spectacular spectacular...
everyone knows the media ignores bills 95% of the time
proud of myself--I'd already done it. Thanks.
A portion of the proceeds from our concert tonight with be donated to support breast cancer awareness.
on the real, brother can sang! He is def a singer and he has mad stage presence! #R&B is alive and well
I love that video!
RT : I'm happy to help promote this start up company run by some North Central Phx & District 6 residents.
I feel special :)
why did you DM me lol?
This Sunday come unwind and laugh @ Starlight Ballroom #BESTOFTHEBEST comedy show starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix
I went excitedly to the page, only to realize it's in Delaware. Will you be posting slides/video from the prez?
Just uploaded some pics check them out see what we do
linds wall just gave me pink eye.
Your worst moment today should be an #improvement over your best moment a year ago. What are you doing to make that #reality? SeanLetwat
In one of the longest meetings every....why am I here!!!! Lol
Upgraded to Punta Cana tomorrow morning! Ready to spend a week on the beach in the Caribbean!
yo my mtf nigga plies!!! u gotta sign me
Warmer here in Indy than in LA, Hilton Head & San Diego! Not to mention I feel great wearing my ezWalkers! #WhatMoreCanISay LIFE IS GOOD!
fucking done with everyones shit here in NJ I WANNA MOVE BACK TO STATEN ISLAND FEEL SO OUTTA PLACE HERE! ex: everyone here is a lil bitch
EXCITING!!!Ultra Star Cinemas/Cathedral City is offering Kids Admission Prices to Diversity Platinum Rewards Members and one guest!!!!
Dont play at IP players are all hard core, play only beau rivage and hard rock.
Someone's always going to find fault.... just do it anyway.
Feels weird rooting for the
RT will pop off in less than two weeks! Get your tickets now, or miss out on a great experience! bit.ly/DWExpo11
Just saw ya and on TV!
Thanks for sharing your thoughts with us at the #AiMA event tonight! Great insights.
Going to Florida today #excited #DisneyWorld #Ocean!!!
cutting off...............dont want to be bothered
Thanks for the nice mention. I've gotta start doing the #FF thing!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
As a writer I agree. I hate writing 1st drafts, but once I have something to work with, I love it.
I personally liked the other name better for this group but I'm happy we have you in our side
sure and it would be great if they knew about them and had access to them. That is the point.
Top of the morning to everyone hope everything is going well-H-Th-Movment
To all those asking, we'll work some Beastie Boys tunes into Johnny Cash Friday on
Make sure your mink has pockets so have a place to carry the gun.
How does one sign up ?
boats and hoes....my life.
"I know you're out there, built just for me. But until you get here I'll sift through the company".
went to the set of californication & got to meet dd. the scene called for him in briefs so i didn't get photographic evidence of our meeting
Yeah that year was cool. <U+270C>
makes some good cookies!
Why do we hide behind such ugly faces?
#NeverApologizeFor Being Right.....I thought I was wrong once......but I was mistaken.
In NJ5 stunner, McQueeny cancels campaign announcement, says he won't challenge Garrett for business reasons
TuneCore charges ppl a flat fee to get their music into online stores such as iTunes rather than the traditional % that record labels take.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 19
it used to be right by my house. I'm sure everything's good. I get chicken pad thai everywhere b/c I'm unoriginal though
when did you text me?
Lmao want me to lie to you
My 4.5 years waiting to see a show has come down to 27 minutes. PUMPED!!
Yummy and healthy! How's your rhubarb pie?
: Who is a member of the #kohails community? Anyone who wants to be! How to become one? Do something!
when's the wedding?! *questions people in relationships hate*
Detroit is wasted. Blackout status
1st person to call by 2pm & give the significance of the name Retlaw enterprises to the Disney family will get 2 FREE days off their rental.
What is there to do when nothing seems to calm the emotional thunderstorm inside of you?
Both of my books will be available in old fashioned book format in a week or so, I will keep everyone posted. and if you havent checked out
Were almost at 4000 followers!! What better day 2 reach that than on #BLB day! Get some friends to follow us! Well follow u back if u ask RT
Because that's what we'll hear every time there's an INT. I guarantee you there are already Bills fans who want VY
the army.
When I'm alone, I think of so many things to say to you, but when I have a chance to tell you, I go speechless.
and is this you askin for help? :D
What an honor to be part of such a great group of chefs. Thank you.
lol! sorry for the confusion. #baseball not
Getting dressed than waiting on and the crew. Can't wait
follow me back B)
Arizona Professional Plumbing, INC Welcome to Arizona Professional Plumbing located in sunny Tucson, Arizona. We are ready to assist you
recycling an old TV, then rummaging through all the merchandise in storage from the skate shop looking for tools and wheels.
any issues with FIOS Internet in Milford, MA area? Had to reboot modem a few times & DNS seems very slow to resolve sites.
Happy for you
it was great! We should make plans to watch each other do more stuff -- like laundry.
After conference, when I get an email from vendor that reads "Hello {{lead.First Name:default=}", I get warm & fuzzy & know they love me!
I love you, yet I hate you. It's like I want to push you off a cliff, then run to the bottom and catch you.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-16
Counting down the days for pairing with for Mother's Day in !
Hart has a bruised finger from yesterday.
Pennsylvania here we come :)
(A knitter, eh? I once wrote a lengthy paper on local knitting traditions as an expression of familial and regional bonds:-))
This BART station smells like horror. Sweet, dirty horror.
ai ai ai papi tu hablas I see :) lol and in JK that's cute but I rather bend you over myself tbh
awh, that's sweet!
Buy a Forward Fabrics shirt and I promise the Brewers won't lose tonight.
Jerry Grochow now speaking about finding the drivers for higher ed IT strategic planning.
This laker game looking bad
Back in Orlando. Thanks to everyone @ Frontier City for coming out and making the show incredible!
All I'm doing today is homework and homework, gotta keep the grades up!
I want someone to talk to
That's gay that they mail interims to your house....
Time for another rally.
Maybe it wouldn't be a 30 pt woodshed woopin..but I can't see 1 MAJOR advantage Lakers have over Thunder. Besides experience.
I'm not giving up this time
I'll see if I can find that article
Almost had a wardrobe malfunction! Saved by !
yes and absolutely hilarious!
i'm pretty sure my heart just shattered into a billion pieces
computer reservation for customer. also talk about absent bathroom key. i really think every transaction somehow involves potty talk.
If you were a piece of furniture what would you be? Why?
It's going down tonight at The Saint! DJ Derrick & !
This may sound like a brutal statement, but I don't believe in lying to my fares unless it involves a really big tip.
Musicians have many of the same risks and stresses that an entrepreneur does.
It's Wednesday! That means Ruben is piercing! And John C. , Jerm and Gustavo have time for tattoo consultations!
Ah I'm dying .. this thing is killing me :/
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Bad Breath!!!
Yeah! Making progress on my new Real Estate wesite, thanks to Natalie @ Internet Media!
I think you would look better in stl cards jersey with world series champions patch on sleeve
very unfortunate indeed.
(2/6) The overall size of the budget is certainly relevant to Pres. Pay. But you need a “pres. pay” line item somewhere in that budget.
Wanna, Wanna, Wanna, Follow Me? I Would Be Really, Really, Really, Happy If Ya Did. :) #followme and
any others left that would make a WINNING ticket 2012? No-one is perfect & all have qualms- who's left?
showed my gran mystery team today & she said it was "encyclopedia brown for them hopheads." looks like you won another fan.
nice twitter name, i thought of jazy first.<U+2665>
Yes, I meant Jelly Bean. Damn you, Auto Correct.
- Presidential candidates for 2016 Clinton vs. Bush. Hillary Clinton vs. Jeb Bush
ily never shout never ugh sigh
I am just a ROCK crying out..... but I pray someone pays attention and research what I'm speaking on.. Research your national animals!
please follow me ? It wouldd makke my whole day (:
Those are fantastic team names! You all got laughs over here at APLU.
I did. ._______.
AVENGERS!! AND it was filmed in my city!! :D
More superstar announcements tomorrow and every day this week!
Finally back from TNR at ! Tons of fun, wish I did better. I will try again next week. And DDR dance offs with @;
why is there rosemary in freaking everything?
awkward moment
What a shame you that competitive
MT: Should #CarlEdwards win today, 25th fan to tweet congrats message w/ #CarlDelivers gets a prize!
Students go mcdonald to buy food~ then teacher don hv money to eat! Is this the norm??! Lol~.
did it big in tha 303... the best rapper alive!
do u know when they are being announced and is he starting the tour with the US cause i heard its a world tour?
Brady was impressive there on this drive. surgical
I love that smell too.
we met backstage @ Pillow man. My son was in the show. Our foundation is about family safety and drug discovery.
2 large cups of black coffee after 10pm isn't looking like such a great idea anymore. O.O
You should turn to 1310 in HD for the on right now!
L finally has ranch for when I come over with a salad lol
what I did not wait to observe (busy with kids) is how the streams fanned out in comparison to the grid trails?
yay your on twitter!!!!!!
At the age of 16, 80% of people have already met the person they are going to marry.
O, I feel special!
'night all. tweet at you tomorrow...
Oh ok haha yes I agree we need him. But no worries he signed with the Packers again.
and will continue expanding into the surrounding areas.
The best toys at the best price can be found www.todaysfavoritetoys.com check it out!
It felt like it ended so quickly... :-(
The last time Southern Conservatives were talking about leaving something to state's rights, they were trying to preserve slavery.
Earth is full. Go home.
FEAR NOT!!!!!!!! believe and just do it.
New day. Only forward, no reverse. Thank God for that.
Today is the day! Auction will be going live around 5 PM PST. Stay tuned!
RT : Doing a class about SEO around early-Feb. Does that interest anyone? Contact Matthew
Best way to write. A vacation is always welcome to a writer and sometimes it delivers the best writing.
your skill with emoticons never ceases to amaze me.
my energies snatched it mid way and that.... is a good indication!
It's fun to hear all 378 Seattle Mariner fans gasp when JV dials it up to 97
checking out the AIPAD. Really strong work at love the piece by Sarah Anne Johnson!
NO! Basketball. Only can goto senior.
CHS gettin famous over post it notes! They were cool!
RENESEMEE CARLIE CULLEN IS ONE OF THE MOST UNIQUE NAMES I HAVE EVER HEARD! LUV IT!
Not going to cry..nope.
watching MNF. Slowly recovering from my medical procedure today. I should be fine tomorrow.
6 + 1 writing traits...I thought they were "taught" in the elementary?? Did that go away? Please no!!
Heater on, check. Fans running, check. Baseboards drying out, check. Sump pump running? YES!!
Feelinq soo sleepy :s, this paella was good.
() Mom: When I put the magnet here, (iron pieces in H20) follow it! See how they move? They must be made of... Kid: Fish!
Got the most perfect gift for a doctor to be from !
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact- Artist nominees (cont.): filmmaker Brandon McCormick, poet & visual artist Max K. Grimm
How about an insulin rifle? They're remaking The Rifleman, you know ...
I was low key Rollin off that pic but got mad cuz iw was about me
Reggae is about uplifting the heart, mind and soul, its undeniable
Hahha I've seen that before I couldn't stop laughing
At Griffen Lounge with for an event! Check them out and all the great things they do.
Correction- Learned Hand was an appeals court judge quoted more times by the Supreme Court then any other judge.
Having taken classes for raising kids and for workplace leadership, I find most of the material interchangeable.
Check out the soundcloud!!!!!!
Nice! Hope it stays that way for a long, long time.
#thingsisaidinthe90s I like today's music
thank you! just saw this lol
Kudos to ! Answering your squash questions . . . and fast! Thanks much.
Why does talk 2 her controlling husband like he's her dad? Better ?: Y is her self-esteem so low she let's him control her?
looking back on it this morning, I shoulda been way more rude :)
Awesome! Glad everything is doing well!
Bars will be finalized by March, but we're looking at old favorites and at least one new stop! All in our great city of #Chicago!
Omg Stefano RIPPED End of The Road & thats my jam! He freakin slayed that song Amazing. How the frick was he bottom 2 lastweek
where the fuck are you I can't face this class by myself
Higginbotham has looked good the small amount of time he's been out there
; we both know this kinda life didn't come with instructions, so I'm try'na do my best to make somethin' outta nothing. #NowPlaying (:
Learning to translate director language into specific, motivated action is an essential skill of audition mastery.
I'm hanging in there Elli. Busier than ever, but still swinging!
is still #booking #campus + #university #speaking #events -if you'd like to bring her to your #college or #conference email us!
My sides are still hurting...this was TOO MUCH!!!
hanks for the RT!
The line for pre.employment testing in Lapham hall is amazing! This is the state of the job search.
why the dude who talking on wrestling remind me of the spainsh mouse on loony toon
Making chicken parmesan for dinner, no big deal
I hate i have to wait another year to go to the #SecretSupper. I'm sure it will be amazing!
Everybody dies but, not everybody lives..
Austin! Pray for this poor baby! hes the SMALLEST ELEPHANT IN THE WORLD & currently fightin for his LIFE! twitpic.com/7aivc3
Im Gonna Miss U Mama(: Follow Back
wish I could find him sooner though
me neither maybe we can learn from each other how to be good at that
I'm in a very complicated relationship.
I really don't have shit to do smh.
Agreed. (Almost typed "I agree" there.)
The Google image results for "psychedelia" are a trip...
Dora: Say map. Me: (eating cereal) Map. Boots: Louder! Me: (knocks cereal off table) F*CKING MAP! -We all do this at one of our lives
Omg yall tried to push me on my face
Thanks for the great ride Coach Tressel. We'll always hold 2002 close to The Vest.
get tough!
ha! I will tell the male friend who said exactly that!
High School for Global Citizenship in Crown Heights students created a radio rookies piece for
you're right. That's lame. Please no we cook every burger to order. It was a much bigger audience than we expected. Sorry again.
Are the backs of your current cards shiny? Make them matte and preferably white/light so they can be written on.
hey i love ur new pic:)
Believe for God to do great things! "Where there is no opposition, there is no opportunity."
nice to meet u at #powerx today! ! Sorry I didn't talk longer... Had to make a B line to coffee stat! :)
phone died day before a trip! RS = secret place to get phones and usually cheaper. Seriously.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. ~Edwin Elliot
is there somewhere where I can read all of the story??:)
Good Night!
RT : RT : Support the local Milwaukee food scene! Participate in 's #MKEfoodiehunt - all week long:...
Nice to hear from you though. Keep in touch sweets and I hope you can make the next day party.
I was so content w/ that statement shit ended the whole convo lol
true, quality is still HIGH in the value proposition, but there are HIGH number of good prods
I know that's you but I have always wondered if you style the top of you dogs hair? :)
Just ran a couple miles now I'm bout to hit the weights!
Aspiring stand up comics take note: the bored, captive audience trapped in this mile long DMV line would cheer at your set.
it's almost time for me to post on showed and told. writer's block! ugh!
ur really mad at me
I'm not even cool and I have way more things than I deserve.
thank you! :)
I just love when the farmers get manure all over the back roads.... Jerks.
aaggh i am afraid to watch the new episode // RT I know it probably doesn't help, but I'm depressed today, too.
Amazing week at the BPO with the New Music Festival and Earshot! Kudos!
#Follow #Facebook #Redskins #NFL #FF Cowboys trash talking, Support Redskins on Facebook! www.facebook.com/redskinfans RT
A3: Better way for participants to track direct responses to you... manage the participant give-and-take.
I will drink regardless. The volume and ferocity of my drinking will depend on their performance.
I had to turn down a fascinating case today because of a conflict of interest.
don't do that!!
I just checked into DJ KMT on Ustream. DJ KMT LIVE IN THE MIX ON MADTRACKS DOT COM..!!
Very well said ! #ShineOn ;)
The reporters behind #Mo...looked like they had tears in their eyes
Blessed to minister at my home church North Cleveland COG this morning. Pastor Mitch is great shepherd and has a great team around him.
#cnndialogues the opposition in Syria needs to find a unified voice along with outside help from the world in order for best case scenario.
Happy Hour TONIGHT! 6-10pm Wednes Thurs Fri Day! Specials for Men Women on #FlatIrons #HairCuts #Barber Same Day Appointments
-sigh-wish a had a friend to talk to..<U+E413>
Sorry Guys ;( some if you ii can't FOLLOW ! if you want me to FOLLOW YOU . . . . RT me ! & i'll follow YOU ! :D
We will be having another class design session sometime soon. Stay tuned...
Way to go ! Great effort boys. Now let's take it to Orlando...
Don't tell me that next they're gonna ride the brooms, Harry Potter-style?!?!
Thanks, much appreciated! RT #FF They have all the info WI consumers need to know, so I give them an A++ rating
has sneaking suspicion this whole week may be comprised of Mondays.
OMG! Jessica Sanchez on #AmericanIdol - And I am telling you, you are not going! Well done to Phillip Phillips and Joshua Ledet, too.
Making Love Faces (:
Got the oldschool lps playing piff in my lungs reminiscing of the good days
Made a party across two apartments facing each other and the backyard. Music synced, candied bacon, grill...sweet
“: Funny. An Acura TL with neons wanted to race me in the 1M :) decided to let it go and drive at 3mph” Exactly what I would do!
interviewed for a job selling kitchen cutlery door to door. if your mom needs the sharpest knives, hit me up.
Gordon Sumner turns 60 today. That's Sting from the Police. He's sexy.
Grrrrrr! My finger messed up!
I'm def comin over right after practice bum
u still got the same number? get out more! lol ima txt yu
#VSFS was a boost of self confidence, goodnight now
I agree that Upshaw and Hill are #ravens top 2 targets. Could see them trade back again if both are gone.
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at Bryant Park and the Cube is now lentil w/parmesan
ha I don't really ever watch Wheel of Fortune & nope I haven't had a chance to pick up #625, but i'm super excited about it!
Why do people feel obligated to make up excuses??...you dont owe shit to anyone but yourself. Dont explain yourself to me. live your life.
Regarding the #StandardandPoor credit crisis: "I feel good. Just like I knew that I would." - James Brown
is at Summerfest, waiting for the Barenaked Ladies. If I had a million dollars... :)
Agreed! RT : How will you be celebrating the first day of Spring? We think a walk on the High Line and lunch at...
A beautiful thought on a philosophical level. But with important issues, sharing is a must and making it meaningful, essential.
Mac Miller always put me in a good mood
Pulling in to Birmingham. Heading to practice at UAB. Excited for the opportunity to get better today!
G.M.N.I.: In #Japan, I'm known as Konichi Quan.
BACK UP YOUR SHIT
49ers NFC Championship a few days away!! Hurry up Sunday
Got to give UNC some LUV
Off to watch this #breastcancer documentary: Baring it All (the scar project) . Looks really good . let you know if I like it =D
Since i'm sleepy & on a roll, newly minted crush on too. Has this guy always been so sweet? Crushycrushcrush. :D
Never realized how much I cared.
Haha, yeah, the one wanted to cuddle.
Glad teams & walked today to residents. Talk about our work on fire protection & our record of accomplishments.
"That song is so old!'' Sorry, I didn't know there was an expiration date on music.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow you're the reason I don't trust guys, even if they've done nothing wrong.
she hates me! Lol
Blacklavender says its blazing hot like buffalo wings outside!
Scary movie marathon. OMG yes!
While the encouragement is welcome, I worry it'll be a Minecraft kind of weekend.
Turnovers MUST stop. Great D by Murray St. though
My current course load includes Stunt 101 by the time I'm finished you'll see me out here
My costochondritis really acting up today
INDY's Getting Funky!
boy that sure looks good right about now!!
Massachusetts has the lowest divorce rate in the nation. Guess which states have the highest. (Hint: think Red).
Word up. I sell it, might as well try it. Thanks
hey! I'll be doing a full body circuit!
This red velvet cupcake >
WE DO IT #STRAIGHT LIKE THAT
"Age is just a number." "Yeah, and jail is just a place.""
The next time you tear me up will be the first time big guy.
Yuni Betancourt. RT ": Who saw the fewest pitches per plate appearance in 2011 among qualifiers? #ThinkBaseball"
~ I love apple juice <3
Awaiting NTSB news conference on helicopter crash east of Las Vegas. The latest at 10.
then i came back inside went on twitter, Adam came home from the Yankee game, him and I went outside and played basketball
Who wants some free stuff? Follow us on instagram and stay tuned for details.
Anyone have a guess on what my dignity and self respect costs? A #SB46 ticket!
Sitting@ stop light next 2 middle aged guy blasting "Never Ending Story" theme song from yellow convertible. #midlifecrisis or #beingironic?
Calling your sisters "sister" even when they don't recognize the honor--power connection.
I miss you too!!!
Get to see in a little bit. (:
good luck on your new book susanne
Really? Dont tell me what to do, because you have no idea what youre talking about! #justshutup !!
Sometimes u have to runaway and hide! the ones who will follow you and search for you are the one you should always stay with:)
Backstage tonight and Joel Coen was there. We said hi to each other. Pretty cool.
But seriously, love her quote about brokenness. Not always easy. But I’m thankful for divine direction.
thanks for sharing my post. It was a great infographic!
If I hit the lottery, the first thing I would do is get a big ass house down in PCB with all of my friends ! That'd be the life..
nope lol I am a upcoming band well solo artist lol
did u get a call?
can i get a producer that stay out here in memphis real talk maybe even a collab
you too Laurie! Hope you have something fun planned this weekend.
I like how everyone I know calls McDonald's 'McDicks' now. I'm a bad influence. Hahahahahahahaha.
: shaniqua , what were we supposed to cover our sells with ? , *gasps ! x)
Good luck this season JJ!!!
thanks, it is way lighter than the book Inheritance I'm reading now. :)
LMFAO, um... You Bug!
Parked by Humboldt Park enjoying the weather.
I know my stuff! Hahah
You win. My plans for today aren't nearly that cool.
keep it taylor
Great to see you! Still waiting for your submission #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com =D
No doubt!
And you'll love the music of the other tweet, too..and I'm not just saying that because I know them...
Tweet Me Back and Ill Listen To You!(:
Tiago, sprained wrist....
Some social services, like substance abuse treatment, save tremendous amount of costs. Several major studies prove this.
haha u make me smile so true
Me, still tinkering with Perl, trying to take my front-end skills to the next level by going all-in with Ember.js and Backbone.js.
Two words, SOLD OUT!
#DIFF 2012 Day 8 - Night of awards and honorees...
haha crisco looks so entertained... Is he sleeping?
Do you have good feelings towards the advancement of the Blazers?
One of these days that tram is gonna crush me, I just know it.
But tht might be too much to ask..
Thanks for the follow ! It's nice to "tweet" you!
The one night i dont go to tango is there
Talk about a role model in video content production, kudos to for the timely and thoughtful response to your critics...
please go watch on tinychat. she's filling up my timeline aha
Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. <U+E428><U+E329>
Wicked bomb.
As i walked into Dunkin Donuts, i heard my feet yelling "OMG Franny you have to make a Ped pal that smells like a yummy DONUT w/sprinkles
i didnt wanna walk away from u in that diner but i have the decency to not disturb your personal time. See you Saturday!
#jobsreport-Also note that Feb&Mar were both revised Up
Pleasure seeing you last night at I've never seen anyone sit that long, let along sit that long while spinning!
Isagenix dude... Not random juice cleanse.
Haircut sometime soon. Getting to long.
Thursday is set. See you Thursday at 2?
Big day today. The Avett Brothers in Springfield and the Wizards kick it off in DC.
how has your day been? keepin it classy as usual? #muchlove xoxo
Viva Puerto Rico! Viva Cotto! You did a great job papa!
The whole thing is only 14 episodes or so. Two of them are specials.
don't forget
Daily GTKY question: Do you travel far for work?
yeah me too like pushing him into a mud puddle :P
Drinking Made Easy is coming to The Ball & Biscuit filming me making The Harrison Sicilian!
It's almost here! America Day is March 2! Celebrate by reading Dr. Seuss’ “The Lorax” in honor of this year's Green theme!
the is the one that so many would be great individuals break their necks against
I'm boring and I want go to my house like right now
#guineapigs are great at being #social :)
Great pizza at donkey diner in #coralbay for breakfast. And schaefer beer too.
Going to work with 's #ExtremeCouponing tomorrow through Friday! Learning how to get al the good deals!!
latest s/s Jil Sander sample sale <U+2665> When: Today-Sat., 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Where: 8 Crosby St., at Howard St., 4th flr.
Spinnin Today at the T-bar bottom of Peak 8 in Breck at 2pm!! Come get some drinks after you shred the hill!!
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 67 to 72 near...
Great catch Boldin!!!
David Cook on American Idol <3
Corn rows still exist?!?!
“Human existence is so fragile a thing and exposed to such dangers that I cannot love without trembling. ” - Simone Weill , Gravity & Grace
Guys only like you because you're willing to do anything in bed.
When your professor references The Hunger Games >>>>>>
I'm jealous that you do way more exercise than me... I live vicariously through your runs...
Make sure he gets the publishing royalty.
Love blue whale. Love Joon Lee.
Can't sleep. Who's awake?
thanks Elfie :). Appreciate it! How have you been? What are you up too these days?!
Sweet dreams everyone !
Just joined MLA couldn't make it to #musiclib2012. Oh well, at least I'll have plenty of time to prepare for
Ladies, Save the Date! Sexy LAP DANCE WORKSHOP Wednesday June 13th at Dance Studio! All ages, sizes, shapes Welcome! :)
right back atcha. :)
;-) RT : Wow "We Support Kim K" is trending WORLDWIDE! What a special Sunday surprise!!! I love you dolls! I guess I got m ...
CAUSE UH, I forget. Does it involve sanjaya.
huh I told I was
Should I continue on hold with Customer Support?
RT : Speights came out of the womb shooting.
And BF says............ OK, there are you paying attention to me now....
That was a bit deflating wasn't it?
Thank you for a solid Accounting & Budgeting session tonight. Loving the Emerging Leaders series.
absolutely false, we see in Obama a leader for Social Justice, empathy for the VULNERABLE which Conservatives misearably lack
I hope they put #CheneysOldHeart on a rocket and steered it into the sun just to be safe.
I can't believe its tomorrow! It went by so fast.
I know..you've told me<3(:
I need more people to text..
I had the same curiosity. Yeah, it would be nice to make it a worthwhile trip, but what a risky game (I almost didn't go back!)
Of course. Hottest white woman ever. #budussy RT : anyone out there remember the movie "how to be a player" with bill bellamy?
Seems like it would get good word of mouth. (Although I say that without actually, you know, having SEEN it.)
The Secret of Nymh
Except for the rain it's been a pretty hood weekend
Not surprisingly, people & esp. children are yearning for a means to create real value in their lives.
I wish!
why am I not there?!?
woah! What's wrong wit the ordinary dudes?
thats not much that just Rith
Q: Do you support changing the City’s water fee structure so that it encourages conservation and discourages waste?
shout out
Please call! my daughter's condo purchase& dispute on credit report is causing a major problem with loan approval. HELP?
Let's go the Lambs!
How did Peyton Hillis get on the cover of madden 12!!!! Surely should of been or
sounds good, looking forward to dive in. Exciting times, good luck to you all!
Is time now for lighting candles in Jerusalem. May each 1 of us have a blessed holy Shabbat & be ready for coming of Moshiach tomorrow night
If I was your boyfriend, you know I'd do you wrong. YOU KNOW, I'd do you wrong.
I don't think I'd even be on the right track towards graduation if it wasn't for & my mom.
i can see this... so what 2 do? how 2 address? b/c ppl arent going 2 stop wanting whats best 4 their specifc kid
Blue Air Forces, blue Levi's, blue Burberry coat, blue Dodger fitted, white T tho...
Normal couples: "You hang up the phone!" "No, you hang up the phone!" Katniss and Peeta: "You kill me!" "No, you kill me!"
how's it going for you??!! Hilfiger's a big name! You get to talk to him and etc?!
im bout to slide out there cuh
In regards to same sex marriage, which thank God was voted out in N.C. yesterday; please read I Corinthians 6:9-11.
All we need them to do is throw strikes, Rauch looked strong RT : I say it again, #Mets bullpen keeps rolling along
my daughter was playing karate fighting, fell to the floor, played dead & then got up with her arms outstretched growling. too cute.
thank you :) I'll do the same for you and yours. Tough stuff!
Happy National Taco Day! Don't forget to visit us today. :)
Sigh. I got up way to early today. I'm gonna need a nap eventually.
Sorry, mom. Sorry, God.
give Karen Coria deserving shout out for organizing democrats of the year.
have because someday we won't exist on earth anymore. Be thankful for the family you have and it's ok to be upset about a past relative...
RT : RT : Dude,you are lucky, you got her. She's YOURS. So step up, treat her right or she won't be yours for long...
Yeah, I've been to SEA before... have family there. Just never been to SF. Should be fun!
Buying the ticket, and taking the ride.
Just set a record checking and going through security to a Delta flight to Madrid @ JFK. Took no time at all. Always travel on Tuesday?
looks like Newcastle could get third with the way Cisse is banging them in. #titleparty this weekend.
Tonight's HBO / Cinemax double feature - Little Fockers & Hatchett II. (There's a mixture for ya.)
Anyone who thinks #chriscarpenter pitched the best postseason game ever didn't see #jackmorris for the in '91 W.S.
First rehearsal with The Tempest went well. It's fun being a part of a theater play! :)
Anyone want to get a bite to eat and something to drink?
Gators 0-12 on the weekend with runners in scoring position.
need to go to sleep but cant get off twitter lmao....... over tired
Thank you for mentioning Blush Formals! Will do the same here! Do keep in touch!
You know if you lace up your shoes from the inside to the outside they will fit tighter around your big toe.
It's hard trying to sleep with a big tattoo on your elbow and not catching it.
lol I'm down, I just got bought out! haha which Mexican joint?
Got the feeds. Can't wait. Wish I had some extra time to catch up on some sleep.
10 batters and 1 or 2 first pitch strikes. Thinking well see the bullpen here early.
isn't it ironic that it's called men-opause?
Kazakhstan: &#39;Borat&#39; Makes Benefit Glorious Nation With Tourism Boom
are you annoyed or what when I just asked a question .? but an lol at the end or something .
Taking naps on the benches at school <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Tell my mother, Tell my father I've done the best I can To make them renalize This is my life I hope they understand I'm not angry...
When you're down, complaining only makes matters worse! If you complain, you will remain! If you praise, you will be raised!
Storage wars.
thursday sunshine...type into the google search box: "do a barrel roll" it's the simple things in life!!
Congrats now I get a discount
acids were my shiz in hs
Health Perks of 8 Italian Foods At Piccolo Chef we teach kids that Italian food is GOOD FOR YOU when eaten authentically!...
strong I know it is hard, micheal no longer here and he still cant rest.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> At least someone understands “: Niggas these days dont treat ladies how they are supposed to.”
Join us this Saturday for a special St. Patty's Day Party W/ opening set by: Plz RT
Looking forward to seeing the results of the hackathon cc
Seriously need to get in on this walking tour business. Seattle tourists love a walking tour.
I love when I look down and see my mustache!
Cole is there till ten (called out for prom), I'm here till nine. She's closing alone.
If you are a female and listen to any kind of death metal or death core you are automatically 10x more attractive than the average girl.
Went to Culver's to eat our VTine's dinner. Such juicy good butter burgers.
but we are. Just a little further. And now when you visit, there's beach involved.
Then goin to the mall
I met chuck during a commercial shoot. He is extremely short and wears too much makeup.
Lol BT...yea they stomped him. Nice concept there but wrong artist to do it with.
what's wrong? Hope you are ok.
Shot out to. Mute. Mag an my legendary squad!
for the love of god hit a free throw
Thanks Kat! "Selling as Coaching" is like Landmark's "Enrollment" - get in their world & seeking what's impt to them
we all bunch of cacklin hens...lol we can agree 2 disagree!
they talk but don't have they ask cause they don't know but has what don't show im me why want more?
Almost time!! #Nascar :-)
Yup it is my FIFA 12! I'm about to "accidentally" drown those stupid kids!
i love you ari! I really hope you see this ! Im invisible to u :( If I see this please tweet me back ! Xoxo take care (: <3
I remember when I got my bwaces off. ;)
awe I miss Abbi! :(
Bout to go eat.
Graduation, hurry up.
Yeah, but then I don't have any nice mobile apps.
You get points for every repetition or distance achieved. Whoever has the most points at the end of your contest wins.(www.StudliestMan.com)
Dang these girls just caught a flat I tried to help but apparently my jack is just for my type cars.
About to spend the night with a #goddess. Gotta love
To the boys who lie your the reason girls are afraid of their true beauty, it all stated with a few words "I don't think your pretty"
thanks Craig for the #wine answer for preservation
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
Last day of vacation, movies, couch <3
#ifonlyicould hurt you like how you hurt me.. But even if I got the chance, I wouldn't do it.
come put me to bed :)
- Awesome, must have been a great tour!
I hope that for everyone's sake that emotions and threats are taken out of it and the law is properly applied whatever the outcome
"Wealth is of the heart & mind not the pocket."
OMG! It's brilliant. Great to see u last night and yr daughters r lovely C u in Idy soon, glad ur excited.
Time to break out the Remetees and Limelight. Braun innocent
Part 10 will either be up tonight or right when i wake up tomorrow! thanks for the support guys! ily!
i learned the greatest relationship advise today.. never gonna forget it
Yawwnnn.. Days like these make me discombobulated
We don’t stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing. -George Bernard Shaw (thx Kim Crumpler)
My mom is asleep on the couch, I sneeze, she wakes up and says 'Bless you,' then goes back to sleep.... Umm ok then...
Can't hold back the tears...
White Knoll is only team in losers bracket that pulled out a District Championship tonight. They beat Irmo twice 14-2 then 5-4. Congrats!
Hi Dan!!! I know it's early, but this series for the at will tell you if the contend all summer or not.
looking for a gf anyone interseted
It is nerve wracking tho, to not see sales in the beginning. But then it starts, and there is a tidal wave.
badger's 'chuck it' answer to zone will lose them the game
lol.I meant I didn't get in as in there weren't any open spots left for the class XD..i hate hw but I know im gonna get a lot
In the Queen`s den watching a movie!I,
how was your day??(: I hope that it was better then mine cud I didn't feel good
There's always Pizza Port.
Marry me?? hah yes, im coming up Friday morning
TIME TO TAKE OUR SEAT BACK AT THE TABLE
make an old acct into noah
don't know Rowan. Should I?
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange =))
Rock County Dispatch tells NBC 15 there has been a bus crash with injuries at South River Road and Happy Hollow Road near Janesville.
#FrenchQuarterFestival here I come!!
"half of all Americans don’t pay Federal income #taxes, but they think they do because #FICA deducts for #Medicare and #SocialSecurity."
Watching Tropical Storm Erika predictions...go away, I say...go AWAY!
That sounds unusual. Which item are you looking at? Could u email us at and we'll look into it. Thanks
thats what's up! Same to you bro!!
- You Rock girl! Hope all is well...
Free car wash day in Baltimore!
Yeah we got 8 of 85 songs recorded (:
Watched 3 times already. RT CBS Sports Network will be replaying the Louisville/Florida game at midnight.
Nigga tell me why you dont talk to anyone anymore
#WhitneyHouston Celebrating the life, and music of an icon with CNN today
It's a great place to go to college. Good luck! Let me know if you need any advice.
Anyone who is interested in doing business be warn that you will have to deal with so much that no one will understand.
Girl, I love you, but watching you freak out over a ghost is funny :)
I've done gymnastics all my life an have always had ugly hands, now tht I'm a dancer I have ugly feet too.
I think a lot of profs believe it's just for pop culture, but there are SO many resources & scholarship! Love it.
Jim Rohn~ Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Come to think of it, my favorite part of the Katrina exhibit at the was the NWS statement. Strong and direct language
Singing in the Times Square Disney Store with my other Theatre Major having friends too much fun ...
Auction item signed football just went for $400 at the auction! Yay for the animals!
The affection, that's how. Also, they smell like home to me.
hey nm! just the same work work work, u
“Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.”
"You gotta lick it before you dip it." Bahahaha
There u go drose
Sometimes it feels good to block assholes from your party. Again, thanks for the tip.
Austin got his braces already?! wow..i'm sloww
i left deland high for the rest of this year, i miss being locker buds with you and rosey </3
We need another HR. All the cheers scared off the seagulls for a good minute
My day was going fine -_-
Why'd I have a throbbing headache running down my arm earlier & swear I was having some kind of aneurysm. Turns out my scarf was too tight.
idts, but did you finish that class work???
I'm thinking sometime this summer, we go to michigan city to the beach!
welcome back ps3 my ass!
Pretty much the most perfect day. I really needed one of those...
talks "prolonged grief disorder" or is it "grieve as deeply as you loved" (panelist quote) A rt. amount of time?
Totally see your point with once you name some, you should name all.but for me I worry people will miss the larger view
How much do you love your job on a scale of 1-10? (10 being you love it so much you wouldn't care getting paid in Trident Layers gum)
Idk why that wasn't the main event. The other matches they have even rock and cena wont even touch that
my mom better bring me a milkshake back.
i hate when people say tumbling is there life when they go 2 times a week. try going everyday. then it literally is your life!
Thank you!!! I'm still totally in shock. :D :D :D
Bunch of drunk fools watching Planet Earth. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082>
I love when im under estimated
Nice AB there. Even though Pedro was 0-22, many of the ABs were of quality unlike his previous hitless streaks the last couple of years.
Every one of your pics deserves to be hanging in a museum of fine art Belle! Rembrandt shouldve painted your portrait!
I just reached 20 followers(:
Ya nigga on his grind he aint got time to cheat he getting tht money fa both yall no time to creep
Please remember we don't accept plastic bags in our single stream recycling. If you have shredded paper, please put it in a paper bag.
“ “ Please cry me a river… so I can swim around and laugh in it””
Nope. Bad ankle.
Went from being "Flash" to styrofoam cream cheese...
i need to get my day started .
there are a few people i wouldnt mind throwing in a litter boxx.
The more I get to know men the more i love my dog
3AM, because going to sleep at 2AM is for nerds.
not a lot to ask but somewhere falls short lol
haha, I hope that's not true :) what industry are you in?
Forgot how good Sopranos was...Adriana's FBI vomit scene on TV.
4123... History first...
twitter is fun and all, but you guys should like us on facebook! it's easier to talk to you all :)
Midterms are creeping up on me. Didn't we just start school? So out of it.
week and a half i think
I'm in here smelling like piss and dis class isn't over until 5
Well fuck you than you dumb ratchet bitch .
three different data migrations. preparing for second in april, final migration scheduled for june. hope to go live in summer
Spanish Fly Sunday Daylife -- its a must! Who's coming to induldge in some poolside action and SHOTS!?
*Washing Car* Friend: Sup dude, you washing your car? Me: No... I'm watering it to see if it grows into a bus.
bro! Do me a biggie?!?
I'm out. Later peeps!
Go ahead, say it: "If the Mittens don't fit ..."
is partnering with #farmers , #chefs , #souschefs , #linecooks , #packagers , #shippers, #bicycledeliverymen &
So now they're traffic directors?
if mas sleeping come downstairs
Happy to you as well!!
What a gorgeous day! It's time to get back on the golf course - any followers on the range today?
oh okay. That Smirnoff probly frozen.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive. Dalai Lama
oh boy.
I reinvent everyday its always somethin good and new and live! Living to the fullest
Why will my body not let me sleep until 4 am or later.
FLATS! we wanna do em! haha
Glad you guys are okay. And thanks for the warm welcome back to Twitter. LOL
Oh my god I just wanna go home. Or to Cane's.
I am thinking of starting an anonymous Twitter account solely to quote my mother-in-law.
Attending helpful #WOMMA webinar on proposed changes to #FTC online disclosure guidelines
Looking though family photos w/ your kids is a great way to bond; also connects them to far-away relatives & friends.
When twitter tells you that you can't follow
are you drunk? RT “: Do you believe ghosts exist?” Yes
#Warriors are jump shooting team. Wont make the playoffs but they will have a night like this.
i need to choose my friends more wisely
when i order from #amazon now i say its a gift and write AMAZON WORKERS! UNIONIZE! in the free gift message.
. I hope you are right about the Colts tickets and fans. That would be great.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Mother Teresa
Houseboat sale leads to arrest of Mountain Home man | NWAonline
LOVE.“: When Cory Booker appears to jump in the air it is actually the earth fleeing his approach #CoryBookerStories”
NH's AG's office #InnerFire isn't half as strong as #Chadevans2 supporters. #Wronglyconvicted & in prison for over 10yrs, what #injustice!!!
Best part of rehearsals? Watching what goes on after hours with #KINFam I laughed way too damn hard
Nice, Taking notes! :) I was definitely thinking of getting the final cut - heard both good & bad about the newest version.
Ahh... Felt good to sleep in a little this morning after some very early mornings this week. Headed to Boise today. Long day of flying.
#NathanRyanNinjas al the way, bro!! :D<3
food tweet alrt: time for my 2nd hot dog in as many days. i'm giving this "mom and pop" plc in tkpk another shot at serving me real food...
long-distance hugs.
For sale in Harbor Village Pompano Beach 3500 Sq Ft Townhouse 4 bed 4 bath $ 349,000
I love my grandma's cooking :)
it's acoustic pop!! :)
RT This is great for #Entrepreneurs too.
My advice for the day: Do not buy an umbrella from a #DC street vendor. Injuries to yourself and surrounding pedestrians may occur.
thank you :) I love that I'm getting to help with shirts and banners! We need a ladies of SKC one!
from man w/Beasties as ring tone, u know this is sincere RT : So bummed re Adam Yauch (mca) from Beastie Boys passing today! RIP
#CELTICS on #Fire! #NBAPLAYOFFS are making fans emotional
and they gon ride his bandwagon again just like they did to get to this point nowadays.
Also, you're like the 3rd person in 24 hours to send that to me. What does that say about me?
Hi, SK Thx so much 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I'd rather be at Cipriani than in bed...
lets go get them !! :P
you can thank everyone that voted Barbra boxer back in great job
thank you! :)
I'll do ANYTHING 4 My Team!!!!!
i only get to look at it everyday haha, its not mine, I wish though haha
I agree haha! I have not had chipotle since I was a young child.Or 5 months ago...
Fina listen to DMX new tape
When me n have a convo females should listen cuz we say what ur man is to scared to say lol
thanks and congrats on new babe!
RT Iran: the biggest challenge awaiting us is the Friday's prayers with khameneyi and how we should react to it
ill teach you how to Duggy but that's it!
got my artwork placed in a store today!
NICE! GO RAMS! RT : 3 1 rams at the end of the first.
Wish you the best of luck. Love you <3
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
I really wish one of the boyz will tweet me! I will be so happy if the ever do
Midtown is happy to welcome our new UMBC intern Nick Manuele.
ok great! that happens to me all the time. i'm not sure how to fix that!
Excited for the #NLC11 Opening Reception....coming by the booth 852..win prizes!!!!
I hope my teeth arnt sore tomorrow sense I got my wire changed.
Candidate for Secretary (Incumbent): Sara Keeth: Platform: open access to information, connectivity for grad students.
Don't feel like reading :(
Cleanliness is next to godliness in a dictionary missing some stuff.
so glad we connected and that you're on my radar!
somewhat obsessed with my google reader
We hope you enjoyed enjoyed it!
Death toll from severe cold spell in eastern Europe hits 58, many of them homeless - Washington Post
Final Cut Pro is back! Classes start May 8, so sign up today.
I hope Chris Brown wins an Award. He Deserves It....
Ah I can't even take off my cloths to take a shower, I hate being soar :(
I got more followers than tweets..smh
what's up?
Even after BO is out, we need to keep up the pressure to have Holder executed (figuratively, of course).
just pumped out another verse. im back
We're excited to have you! Good luck!
This Homework aint no Joke !
Tim Duncan is the man! Controlling this game
getting more work done at home in 4 hours than I get done between interruptions in 2 days at work
The line between "public" and "private" is blurred and makes informed consent obnoxiously difficult.
People sometimes have good intentions even when it doesn't seem so. Communication is filled with mis-communications.
The woman that carried me for nine months, the woman who worked her ass off for me, the woman i would die for and love dearly..
Here comes another storm. I feel it's approaching heavy moisture in every breath; and now I hear it thunder...
We leave for our New York City and Chicago trip in 5 days!
jackkiiiie :( you can always talk to me. <3 haha
is that good? Never seen it. I'm watching trailer park boys. Lol
he is sensible and so incredible.
Ring dings and patron
Thanks, but I perfer the 2010 episode hosted by Betty White instead.
#kcrw in the house! Chiat house, that is.
what do you think your rating will be?
Yes, our motto is We don't do "the chase", haha
Seen any good live performances lately?
You be dairy queen and I'll be burger king, treat me right and I'll do it your way ;)
i dont get my cousin doesnt wanna go to her 8th grade prom!
I took meds for allergies that dried the tissues out, but the bleed wouldn't stop for a full day. Almost went to ER. Scary.
Gotta wear a robe
have fun today! :)
Getting ready to present a session about the college process with and at the Vernon Area Library in Lincolnshire
Do this RT: : bedazzle your pug
That IS funny. I guess it was my testing of the waters. I've decided to post heavily. It's just an impulsive decision though.
Los Equipales Restaurant is proud to host the Aerospace Corp at Kirtland AFB holiday party @ Los Equipales, Dec 15. Happy Holidays to All!
damn thats the best part !
well, shoot, we love reading Where the Wild Things Are. Appreciate hearing the news but what sadness.
Wait wait WAIT. A new song!? ON MOTHERS DAY!?!? YUSSSSS
i got dolled up and everything , ready to go. walked outside saw it was raining and it changed my whole mood.
haha.. He was doing fine until Klaus came along,But it won't fully be gone from his subconscious mind,I watch to much of this
Grandma sent me a card to cheer me up, funny how family always knows when you could use something like that, love my family so much
Second band Tuneyards.
I know, right? Now I'm obligated to be all uppity and outraged like I'm actually paying attention.
Knowing is not enough.. You gotta DO. Let's DO together!!
RT : "GIVE THE DRUMMER SOME" is coming out in 29 days.
Thanky wanky! :D And no your name is a lot better than mine! ;)
HIV is the human immunodeficiency virus. It is the virus that can lead to acquired immune deficiency syndrome, or AIDS
Love or hate me, I stay hate free
We've totally restocked and reworked the STUFF store, so it'll be a new experience! TONS of new "stuff!" Lots of "Spring-themed" items.
Want to gnaw my arm off and beat myself into submissions. FML
Kudos to the #iasl12 committee, and , for a great evening.
Didn't realize I knew so many
loooool, unfortunately I have to say yes, yes that is worse
only real men watch Jessie, right? Haha ;)
The scumbag affiliate marketing ads on your "thanks for purchasing" page make you look like chumps.
Not even my type I just ain't wanna be mean tho
The most interesting relationship is when there are not friends, but still no match for .)))))
busy, sick not much else
"Static" is probably the most emotionally powerful episode of THE TWILIGHT ZONE -- full of supernatural technology, nostalgia and even love.
I'll say it again, It's time for the best to fight eachother. All the greats of the past did, thats why they are GREAT. Floyd/Manny 2012-13
thanks Les!!!
lol nice, I needa do the same thing smh
Austin now has 80mph speed limit on tollway? Cool!
hi from ur filipino fans!! :))
"The first rule of Fight Club is you don't talk about Fight Club." "Why?" "Y'know, that's a good question." This conversation has derailed.
oh ya the limp reraising one haha idiots...
yea i guess but the person who did it did not do really anything but im going to look everyday to see if it happens again
Know your place.
Watching an evening marathon of vid works from home is proving highly satisfying (VIP = View In Pajamas)
$AAPL tops $400 in light holiday trading.
Sprint Call Ctr in Rio Rancho is hosting its annual employee benefits fair. Thx for inviting us. PS: they are hiring !
that's one of many reasons I got out 8 years ago.
Are you enjoying #presconf ? So glad to have you here!
Is your profile picture supposed to be it looks like her exactly !!
i hate havin to work at 7
RT : AIR VP Mark Schneider comments: MT : For millions of #college #dropouts, 2nd chances prove difficult...
Red Sox to sign Mark Prior, per Jon Heyman
Fellow #realtors - Which lenders have you found to be the best (and worst) when dealing w #shortsales?
oops i should've looked at who you were talking about, but Fieri isn't part of the local Fantastic 5
Day 2 of the Academy Awards Festivities "Governors Ball" Food and Beverage tasting with Wolfgang Puck
and I have been performing stand-up on the boardwalk at Venice Beach for 5 mins & we've already made 25 cents!!!
Hey #authors and readers--meet new indie #scifi author He's getting ready to publish his first book this year.
Done with work. I'm tired. Good Night Guise (':
Nobody cares.
Yay! It's Friday! Hope everyone has a great day <3
class, then Greco :]wooop. cannot wait for the weekend with taylor and the babies!
Why do mexicans have to do that cowboy holler when their beaner songs come on. It's annoying as fuck!
Argh, now you have just made me want pie. And I have nothing sweet in the house at the moment.
I received some of my Stella and Dot summer samples this morning! Swoon!
Bruce is now up on the grand piano, leading the chant: I can't hear you! he lies.
I got the "gigs"
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 43
whats been up though... ill be back in MISSISSIPPI on the 25th
I could use one of those nights, ie, in Chicago.
Next person who comes in Sabbatic and says they have a "Total Bottom" will get free movie pass to Oriental tom at 7pm. and
You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals, So let's do it like they do on the Home and Gardening Channel
Amazing session with actress Laimarie Serrano...looking forward to getting some edits posted!
I understand you were being sarcastic
Make u glad u cane
HOW FUN! (: lemme guess: the summer bash
Outta here! New York Mets owners and a trustee for Bernard Madoff's fraud victims have settled for $162 million.
Just got an external hard drive with 3 terabytes of space. TERA-bytes. Remember when megabytes sounded like SO MUCH?
When it Ended the First Time reading tomorrow night! 9pm TADA Theater!
#nahj In social media workshop, Robert Hernandez says you are a citizen, you are a journalist, you are a brand.
“: If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?”
Downsizing my shoe collection. Good bye, unworn lovelies! :(
We aren't sure of the age, but we got it from 's mother. All we had to do was pay to have it refurbished.
This week, thousands of parents, students and teachers in Indiana will celebrate National Charter Schools Week. CONGRATS to CH Academy!!
It's complicated.
I regret NOTHING of what i said to Ian Eastwood.
soo how did it go buddy ?
INSIDE THE PARK HOME RUN WOW
Today's Feature: Ham & Bacon Club w/ lettuce, tomato, cheddar & spicy Dijon aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
*virtual wound licking*
i've been doing well...i miss coming to your momma's house
maybe laptop guy is there again and willing to share his table?
get off twitter Homie! And go the library... You know that place quiet place where you can borrow books ;)
INNER BAND TURMOIL: Brock thought I "just found that public farting petition online somewhere"
9:58 and apple.com is down. Waiting for today's announcement.....
Next time ur girl or man got you feeling trapped yell in their face real loud "Give me liberty or Give me death"
Pets should always smell clean & fresh. If they have doggy odor, it means they're not getting clean food. Help their coat & skin & add oils
Google map API is so powerful and detailed that makes me mad!
INC show was April 7th. Either way, I missed it ;)
So you're colored blind? What color is this?
Such a nice day...why does there have to be wind?
Bears win again! Congratulations to the awesome home team!
teaching methods like this should be embraced and not shot down. unfortunately students these days only care about their grades
I'd give my left arm for a guarantee I'll never be an amputee.
Networking is the best way to market yourself. Meeting tomorrow morning at Ralph Lauren in New York City.
10 mins till show time. Just chilling.
rangers-caps game 7 tonight!!!
Don't be frightened. you can handle it.
How are you? Follow me on twitter =D
RT : setbacks and failures are not the same thing. adjust your view; failures are greatness being created in disguise. Go.
Richford to - 1hr! We still in the storm people a lot of cars are stocked on the road! No good tires? please stay home!
I have front row tickets to demi lovato OH MY GOD OH MY GOD AHSJBKF
Falling in love can induce a calming effect on the body and mind and raises levels of nerve growth factor for about a year
Better than the smell two day old tacos and shame, of which our van stinks of!
“: lol maybe so.” or Everyday is Valentines Day!! Lol
they're open not there open
Spin of the Week! donates $500 contribution from BP to charity and calls that her "protest" against the oil company +500 turds
Good life, poised life, incomplete and amending life, life separating at fibers but never removing completely, life excelling its matter, oh
aww give him a big huge for me ! Hope your okay! :( xx
where's that Catdog?
great thanks - just emailed you
Headed to the Breeder's Cup this weekend. Who's your bet for the classic? Uncle Mo?
I deleted files from my external hardrive - it was never backed up by Time Machine. I'm running Stellar Data recovery now.
My beautiful wife is back on Twitter. She's a huge #Yankees fan and just all around awesome so you should giver her a follow.
Honored to announce another outstanding nonprofit that also just joined us! Women Veterans of #New Mexico!
Yes! I need to try that one day before I leave the South for good!
Marion County begins testing their voting equipment at 9AM Monday, April 23 at the Election Services Center.
I'd like to see Kipnis play pissed more often. Don't think he was real happy about getting drilled.
Public mtg tonight at Mission Espada Hall (10040 Espada Rd) regarding study to connect SA Missions with Camino Real trails. See you there!
Hell yes they are!
Celtics are too old
Happy birthday fellow Pisces.
how hard is it to comprehend the difference between your & you're. Thats basic. My 5 yr old knows that
Feels good!
aka J BLOW aka mr. wear the cheese at lol
lol feel for ya i two account one just for family and another just for me
Happy mothers day to my mother.
you're welcome. Only certain books can be loaned.
Oh well we hide our jet in the underground lair ;)
Compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright
i love you so much!!!!Happy Easter baby
download free- InSpotter mobile app and tap into the spirit of What Works for African-Americans
Whoever wins the #wiprimary will get my vote against walker- no question... (Still hope it's #Barrett)
New site is up & running, new Facebook page is up, so please take a moment to like us!! :)
Boo RT A spokesman for the California lottery said no CA resident held tickets with all six numbers.
Had fun exhibiting at the #nasait summit this week! Check out some pics of the exhibit and find all event coverage
no that's SIVA that has a twin
today's project: putting together my bed frame. tonight's project: sleeping through the night safely without said bed frame falling apart.
Going to bed pissed off.
This is a pretty amazing feat for google. I hope that government agencies like the IRS for instance go online 100%. Simple is always the...
In a Frank Ocean mood today
PROUDLY representing and exposing Exquisite Peruvian Cuisine at the SOBE food and Wine Festival 2011. Thank you Miami for your recognition.
Outdoor Source wants to wish everyone a safe a happy holiday! Need last minute gift ideas? Stop in and let us help you out!
Wow you are a long haired hippy.
thanks Rich! Glad you like it!
how bout dem Spurs? This is our year! I just pray we get the Lakers!
-- In #STL they don't care about legalities.
Raining on Sunday back at San Diego. What... The. Fudge.
RT : I might stimulate market w/Tweet, but have to have ducks in a row when they come to interact with my brand.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~Harold R. McAlindon
AAAAHHHHHH!!!! I'm going to 's concert this Sunday!! Love you selena! (Hope you PLEASE bring along with you! ;) )
I love Twitter!!! lol but im gonna go, gotta get ready to go out tonight, bye bye twitter :)
You have until May 20th to vote online. If Eric wins, he will help prepare a meal for families staying at the house. PLEASE VOTE!
I love how they made fun of Minecraft on MAD. i love that show :)
it was ok:P
can we though? Let's go to a show or play Mario Kart or something!
Great! We're doing events a bit more often now. Have one next week, then a startup drinks event the next week.
Thanks -- hope you get there soon!
all u can do is make predictions and shit thats pretty much it.
Saw TLC special #Awesome British Voice
Do you think the iPad 2 will be more sleeker, faster, and light enough to use as a frisbee?
Soon as I get my iphone I'm getting a HULK phone cover. I love that big green beast. ^_^
Feel like a cripple after 2 days in Chicago, its aged me but its been worth it
Take a deep breath, Pick yourself up, Brush yourself off, and start all over again and have a happy valentines day (:
Looking for people to provide feedback on a new app we are creating. Let me know if you are willing to help.
What sort of credits, special skills, etc. on a resume get you excited about signing someone?
Pitches are in! Can't wait to start working on our iPad issue!
Bring Back Ringer 21
I hit my 100 lb weight loss mark today! 285 to 185!
I'd wanna meet u to:]
2weeks until the May issue launches! Cant believe its been 2yrs already! Now I just have 2 figure out what 2wear for our party!
The thought of you being someone else's soon really fucks up my mind
I know it's tiring but it will all be worth it at the end <U+E056>
that's very model dependent, old Nokias were great, #Windowsphones awful.
YO when someone tries to come over yo house to meet another person.... Just not cool
Got an 8 o'clock in da morning....
There is something terribly wrong with this tweet since I had one also but I did not initiate it...weird!
Wishing everyone a safe, happy, and healthy 2012 from PLI.
for sure! jeez, i have to work on this LOL RT : Lindsay smash!
is forreal the bestest boyfriend in the whole entire world, & I love him more than life. <3
Lol, I'm jealous. I'm still new to all of this. I would give anything for to follow me.
RT : Do you have a Mastermind Group? If not, get one! Supporting each others' success-nothing better!
U ride the metro EVERY SINGLE DAY
If HP is Harry Potter to you... We're not friends. IT'S HELLO PANDA.
Yes but, the sun is out m'dear in beautiful Portland and it's piddling down over there :-D!
Oh my god... You take pictures of everybody lol
New show in CA coming up soon - Stay tuned for info!
I love how students who have NO chance of passing show up for the final. << lol cuz its soo true
RT : If theres xtra Homeland Security money left over to pay aide's salaries, we didn't need the funds in the first place.
Lord, Thank you for another day of your Favor; for opening doors, not even the enemy can shut.
The most gutter people take the greyhound
figured. Still had to ask.
Omg I can't decide on what I want to wear to school!!!
Between working and taking care of children we're dammed if we do AND damned if we don't. That is what the Romney's don't understand.
A huge thanks to everyone who came out to support me last night at my reading in Brookline, MA. You're the best!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Have fun and be safe.
two days til the Tony Awards, three days til the Gala, four days til my birthday. i'm starting to get excited!
Great! How soon will Vivint customers in Hawaii be able to live w/the peace of mind that comes w/in house #tsunami warnings?
Tomorrow isn't promised.
NFL just told SBD that 9/11-themed shoes and gloves "that have been distributed can be worn" in games on Sunday.
Nah. Shift one to the OF & trade piano-back.
Florence & the Machine... is that the same machine in Rage? Are we Welcome to the Machine? What kind of Machine is it?
Sweet!! Com' on No.3!! RT : Melo set to return vs. T-Wolves. Lawson still up in the air; says he'll test ankle in pregame.
Listen to V103 TakeOver Show Show Out ft lets go!!
worst day of my life
tell me whats next alien sex _ Kanye west
You end up feeling like you have AIDS and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome by 3pm
here comes that bearded man again. he needs a theme song similar to "wildthing" in the movie "Major League"
bet ha
life consists of making beautiful things from broken pieces
#redlineevents coming to a venue near you
Designing Women just came on after Caroline in the City. You psychic, boo. Stay tuned for my thoughts.
Good am #Seattle. We open in 15 mins. and wld luv to see you 4 your morning breakfast/ coffee or early lunch panini. 101 Stewart.
Wahhhh last night :(
Best line from a San Fran panhandler: "Why lie? I need a beer". How can you not give him some change?
I love how my cat follows me to the bathroom....
#Muppets!!!!!! congratulations to & WHOOOOHOOOO!
Listening to the pacers on wibc
Sorry,not going today.
Braces & Glasses Doesnt Automatically Make U A Nerd
By acting as you wish yourself to be, in due course you will become as you act. Norman P. Veale
Hopefully i get to see taylor tonight.
i knw :) i was just sayin thats y i cant come c yall cuz i'll b in indiana but be lookin for my sister she adores you :) lol
ppl remember my hands more than they remember my face on tinychat weird lol
same here haha I would say guilty pleasure and city is at war are high on my list haha
Alas, I've had to abandon Slack. Too much drama, and backchannel pressure brought to bear.
I know what you thought lol
Do you still remember what you were doing when the first plane hit?
GO VU CRUSADERS!!!
everythang u dunn done to me, I already dunn done to u. Lmao
It's hot as fuck out here yo!
We appreciate the shout out. Thank you!
bahahhah (: love you
All Super Bowls should be played in Miami. Indianapolis is a dump #SuperBowl #EliManning #Giants #Patriots.Weather forecast - Cold and rain
We're off to the White citadel to get crappy burgers and lousy fries! Woo!
's Birthday is in like 5 weeks.
When were u on "Punk'd"?? I feel punk'd by not having known about this.... is it me?
#FREEDOM FOR LIBYA.
I say this a lot but I'm TOO nice to people.
What is the ultimate dessert?
Stop asking for 'no drama' if you're the one causing it.
If Dicks Had Wings Your Mouth Would Be An Airport.
My gigantic Mastiff puppy "Buggers" 9 months old now, thinks its ok to eat all socks he finds, why does he do that anyway they are clean....
will veggie tower b on it? (eggwhite)
international development and conflict management.
WHY DID I WATCH THE CHEETAH GIRLS? NOW THEIR SONGS ARE GOING TO HAUNT MY DREAMS.
LOL RT Would someone please measure a piece of matzah and tell me the dimensions? Asking for a friend. Thanks.
WE ARE HERE TO SERVE YOU. "FIRST OF ALL SERVANTS OF ALL WE SHALL TRANSCEND ALL."
our pleasure - thanks for joining us and we hope you stick around
Wonder if would pose for a photoshoot?
just cause I am that awesome
that's how I fall asleep every night.. Friends is alway an easy fix!
I have zombie dust and every Sixpoint beer made for you. I'll ship it on Friday when I'm back from work trip.
": No! You keep him and his faulty groin out of Minnesota!" Yeah, nobody wants your groin Gabo, u dick!!!
Gotta love the Brew Crew!!!!! Woohoo
"my car" video#suckafree I'm down!
Impressed with Ubuntu 9.10 thus far...next up, installing NetBeans and getting my hello world on
60 views in one day, not bad bro!!!
- haha we probably ain't in the same area!!
currently using my Business skills learned at UCF to start this production company. Thanks UCF!
are you still keeping the other? Hope all is well!
Hi Liz. What camera do you use? There is a cool daytime trick for Canon using at least 580 flash and body more than rebel.
watch that first step....it's a doozie!
It was years of mediocrity that forced Carl Peterson out of the #Chiefs organization
Finally these jogging ladies came and rescued me. And i bought a new phone that same day. Omg. That was a weird dream.
“: Be good, and if you can't be good Be careful! ~ Pigmeat Markham”
New Logo. New Life.
I wonder how many people planning to vote 3rd party are old enough to have voted for Nader in 2000.
thats a realistic deal, but I think Bulls would be better off using Amnesty on Boozer. That way they can chase the right playr
congrats... I hear you have a new gig!
“: When we getting #Benihana ? ” lemme guess, you got your birthday email? Let's go whenever, your call.
Oh muh goodness.
Minivan gang.
I saw two beauty school mannequin heads on the side of the highway today. Kinda creepy at first.
#follow I think thats his name
Now it's time to get back to football
Oh look, talky mcgee who has a story for everything, is talking again
I put that on the hood I'm good! I was just bumping this song. #myjam!
not at all into wrestling, but nonetheless RIP Lou Albano
Are you guys ready for summer? Launching something awesome on March 14. Just wait............
I'm pretty excited!
I think it's illegal to follow cops!!! But I totally did!! #rebellious ;)
thanks for the RT have a great day!
4 sure will be on favstar - just getting things set up for the election year, website, fb, etc.. thanks for the note bro!
PPL who judge ppl and falsely accuse them will be judge soon
Congratulations and all the #wildcats !
me to!
Had to recharge the love supply
@ applebeez having a blast ...
since my whole mouth is numb i really want to re-pierce my lip
This weekend is gonna be full of skiing, swimming, water fights, and candy! Cant wait. Weird mix... Ikk :)
I never questioned it before I read the Slate article.
Thanks for the #FF love! Happy Friday!
Fall is in the air,please bring by your gently used coats to our warehouse for #Coats for #Colorado! 3550 S Inca St Englewood
Just wrapped up the Friday's NIght Live series in Dallas Texas, heading back to New Orleans, I'll post the episodes up as soon as I get...
The greatest feeling you can experience is when Justin Bieber notices you on twitter.
Wow...the Little Caesar Pizza Bowl was a great game. Seriously...FIU vs Toledo? That's why bowl month is so awesome.
Live Jazz tonite from The Original Second Nature Band at El Jarro on San Pedro, San Antonio! Cool drinks, fine food, and great music!
“: you should probably come to eau Claire, wi” truth
Picture of the day on Facebook: Jake Weber on location with fellow actor Juliet
RT I cannot tell you how many times I go to write "Shoot T-Shirt Gun" onto my bucket list only to realize it's already on there.
On the way to Louisville driving straight into a tornado warning... Great
VALDESPIN! ah we know my love of first major league at bat home runs.
Congrats on the new job with Twitter! How freakin' exciting.
owe, keely is my bitch :D
“: Just watched the segment on ! Awesome. Inspiring. Innovative. (I'm going to take some lessons.)”
like MacArthur! “: Not silly at all. We're hoping to be back too... ;-)”
Hey if you cut that mop, you wouldn't need to push it back every 2 seconds.
Canon 7D are a good start but it depends on your budget
Don't know if this is the most boring city council meeting ever, or if I've finally reached the point I don't care. Thinking about leaving.
switch to Janetter
the best rapper , I love #SODMG !!
Welcome JJ. Let me remind everyone, I am the president of the Coach K fan club. Called it during '10 summer league.
Im gonna be the best that i can be!
now you hookers and ho's know how I feel
UP DOIN BEATS! IM ON IT!
Ill never let my son have an ego, hell be nice to everyone where ever we go.
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passing by.
49ers D is a beast so far
Wow I'm so sorry you experienced that! It's def not the norm for us and certainly not acceptable. Were you involved at all?
I've been promising myself for weeks I'd reorganise my shelves in my office. Today I did it. The Dalek Army was dusted and moved!
yeah I would love that but I think the Heat will win the series
All About The Women
So I've had an MCRP, (radically different from an RCMP), and I'm awaiting results to discover the source of this latest bout of gut misery
okie dokie! (: thank you so much again!
1,500 Facebook fans? Incredible! Make sure you follow us on Twitter at , Paul (), and DJ ()
Help us fill some tour dates. We are looking for some dates between the 12th and 19th of this month. If you book bands hit us up.
You may be 3 beers deep but im going to be 3 shamrock shakes deep.
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious. - Brendan Gill
#MyBiggestFlaw.... I care too much, & end up getting hurt.
how do I stop this?!
you work??
“: #home” too soon to get excited about the round at ? Nope, definitely not.
": Bulls are clearly resting Rip Hamilton for the playoffs. Just like they do with Scalabrine every game."
brainwashing you since 1958
I've been called the songbird of my generation..
in bed nd I don't wanna
Who in #Seattle is doing the in Sept? Have your teams formed?
i love you so much it's unhealthy.
When you fuckin with me, just know one thing: I aim to please. 100% satisfaction guaranteed
I'm fdu.... Fresher than yu.
one thing we do know: OJ and Casey Anthony trials proved no conviction is guaranteed.
"I don't see Mommy anymore!" "That's because you kicked Mommy out." Ah, sweet toddler.
#BEARCATS putting a #bigeat hurting on
Yes that's what I meant. But, it's really hard to do a poor interview. For a good applicant, you just have to be friendly.
lol I see you heard! But yes I'm so down! :-)
My #dragrace vote is for Sharon Needles. Work it girl.
Excited for this work day to be over ...my body could use some recovery right now!
Hi there, thankyou for following
Not Reaally , I Just Know For A Fact Its Not The Best Musicc .
...no word on cause but fitchburg fire chief calls it 'suspicious'.
Good Luck!
My downstairs bathroom just flooded. And it totally showered me and soaked my onesie.
": Raiders play calling is very Xbox. Too many tricks and not enough treats. 0 for 8 this year. Lions on y'all ass
how ya doinq?
i hate when girls have manly hands <U+E40E>
Friday is our last day at 101 Yesler Way. 12 years, 3000 days, countless memories. C+F moving to 1425 4th Ave. Great new digs!
Actually it was just my 2G cooking class but hey thanks for helping me out
Why does Friday seem so far away?
Ugh friday
do you ever look at email? I just sent you one with some q's...
Don't be mad at me. I didn't do it
I had a bunch of beer today and most of them were from Chicago! Win.
lol that was a good job, not sure abt ideal of whole tupac hologram concert
Ugh! I was looking forward to this time alone =(
I did that 2 days ago lol
I sometimes wonder if people are aware of their B.O. ...
I literally need a reality show.
Thanks to Melissa Fossom for coming down to tape us for the new times &quot;take cover&quot; segment, look for it online next week.
RT : .: Physical book provides legibility, preservation, momentum, transformation.
FYI "trust issues" = Not ready or mature enough to be getting married
knew he was ok when he started scratching the couch at 2am. very relieved
So frustrating - not at all as advertised!!! RT : Just got announcement that there's no wifi. Well done
I'm at a loss for words. One of the best nights of my life. THANK YOU ---->Pics & Story soon.
Great job moderating the Agents panel, !
Are you prepared for digital resumes and video interviews? Because companies will soon be equipped for your digital showcase ......
take care of it bro we need you
i get my 1st beer from a GIANTS fan WTF!?!?!
Who's Gonna Be My Thousandth Follower!!!???
Like candy to the corn and yeah you're finger lickin fine
You can come to understand your purpose in life by slowing down and feeling your heart's desires. ~Marcia Wieder
i am 24/7... best believe it!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Goin in to work bout at bust the balls!!
if thats the only food there is....hhhhmmmm....kittie beware:)
Have fun guys, sorry I can't join you!
Month long hiatus/dryspell? BUT! Have new chapter, &introduction to very important plot point. &I know where next starts.
its my 17th birthday it would mean the world if you said happy bday.
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms
would u like to go on a date wif me..... hahaha :D
i guess you can say... i rap a liil. (;
Surprised the chiefs lost but glad the crusaders roll on !
RT RT : You don’t need to live stressed out or worried. You can be confident today that God will take care of you.
Bitch, all of a sudden getting a squeaky voice and being "cute" in front of a guy doesn't make you cool.. it makes you a try hard.
Where are you going? Congrat's miss you out here in Chicago
The Flyers have no mojo left. They maxed it out in the Pens series.
cHECK OUT THE KIDS OF THEY HAVE SOME AWESOME AND FUN SHOW.....
Days 17, 18 & 19 of #missingmilwaukee go (of course) to the amazing #c21nonhuman conference and my home this year,
Just deleted 4630 emails.
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter!
Putnam County #Republicans vote Rick Parsons for
RIP Diva.
I don't know you .?
Ocean City Tourism- looking for people 4 commercial. Auditions today & the 28th in & @ OC. Submit photo to Paying job
|-_|!. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
haha I got my shirt at FYE and my necklacce at Claire's and my bracelet too.
“: Stevie novak is puttin it on the celtics right now”
is trying to tell me the readers of #AbsolutePunk voted #Yellowcard the most anticipated album of 2011? What time warp am I in?
"Shocking" is more of realizing people willingly eat Miracle Whip and less like discovering to kill is the most often used verb in Hebrew.
Makes sense to me! Very cool system! Thanks for the response!
#Ringer, you're so predictable. Also, not enough Misha Collins.
Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power | Paul G. Thomas
That being said, I'm now going to watch Deathly Hallows Part 2.
The French Quarter Festival was EPIC!!! Next stop...after the show it's the after party...at The 12 Bar on Fulton...get in there!!!
I really hope so..#giants have come too far to come home empty handed.
thank u Jim! Same to Emily! “: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!”
There r alot of people in this world that i just want to rip their heads off!
....false. my whole family does and i use them when i'm at home and that still has not convinced me otherwise.
We'll make sure you get our best cup! Looking forward to seeing you!
#Austin only two followers in the first hour of my new account on twitter? Help me Texas.
iTunes Genius is being a dick -__-
what were you thinking
#zipsters check us out tomorrow to see how to enter our BMW contest and win a free ride!!
thank you!
Getting my chicken, rice and broccoli ready
we might be leaving a day early on the bright side(:
AP: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
Can anyone produce a training video? Yes. Can anyone produce an effective training video? No.
But I thought we had the most stable place in the world to invest...per someone's speech last night.
You have got to be kidding me!
Everything is made of energy-Do positive things and you will give off positive energy- InSpotter app
Horrible calls by refs in beavers game... 2 calls turned back
Just shot our latest vlog with special guest, Peter Marr! You are going to like him, he's handsome & funny!
Elena will have my money for you, I had to visit a friend in the hospital.
I don't think they were happy about that news honestly...
: (had started a Fakebook in march 2009, but i actually used FB then—& keeping up 2 was a pain in the arse.)
They always try to bring you down, but my faith nd believe keeps me strong. #I'llProveYouWrong
#fizzyfamily! how is everyone? who went to see Damon at Playlist? :D
It’s hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does.
Get yr Mother's Day plants this wknd at Saturday between 10am and 2pm - all grown in their greenhouse!
lol you were in my dream it was so scary
Out with the #old, in with the
Not a problem. That is what we do!
Triple Digit Weather Out there Today
My brother, where do you intend to go tonight? I heard that you missed your connecting flight
love you too bella
aye this dude is super weak in hoops >>>> That's probably why he ain't hit me back up to play. Cus I ain't no joke on the court
Throw a deuce like see you later!
Very nice! Best of luck to you :)
Congrats Kim!
good luck with your music......i am following you on twitter
YA I WILL CAROLINE THANKS.
I finally decided to play the Venetian Deep Stack Extravaganza Main Event ($ 2500). Late register is open until 3:15 PM, so I'll be fine :)
I wish you had an bat signal, except it'd be undergarments, not a bat
I didn't know you had one :-( lol
Go Detroit. Beat Boston.
Oh. Hell. Yes. RT Thrilled to announce that the Broncos have agreed on a new four-year contract with cornerback Champ Bailey.
Just got to seatac.. So tired!!
new chris brown rihanna remix turn up the music remix is sick!!!!
Sitting in Thornton Center, studying it up!! Final tomorrow then Friday, Saturday to enjoy my last weekend in Tennessee for 2011!
Etiquette question: My beer is gone, husband falls asleep before finishing his. Fair game?
there so cheaply made
Thanks again :D <3
Just when I thought you couldn't hurt me again... I was wrong bro
melissa wins that one. I got nothin
glad you are cashing I am doing something nobody in the world is doing Sportsbooks will be smashed,I have info no one has
Have a sweet Tuesday!
Prime Poway Woman No. 5: Joanne Whetstine Whetstine is the owner of Social Media Marketing Consultants.
What's the point of the meeting? Just so the Chancellor can say he let us ask questions before implementing at-will?
Amazing game, great D.
real talk
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
Desinging a new Book Cover for Bishop James E. Wright Jr. - Powerful Man of God!
If I had to pick 3 first round series to go to 7 games, I wouldn't of picked any of the ones that are headed there.
I love setting training or personal goals because once they're reached I get to set new ones!
First game on tuesday.
Hope you survived the Monsoon Gras! What were your favorite floats or themes from today's parade?
Everyone is annoying today.
it's so warm out walk to my house.
that's not about spelling it wrong tho. Thats adding a whole word that doesn't even have the same meaning! Of and 've (have)
My son has been wearing his so-called "lab coat" (in fact, a brown denim jacket) very proudly. Thanks to you. :)
MOJITOS at FUSE....pick your flavor: regular, apple, pomegranage, razberry, green tea, watermelon, coconut or peach.
#TheAvengers left me wanting more of all of these characters. This bodes well for Iron Man 3, Captain America 2, and Thor 2.
I love you.
Laundry day = dorky pants time!
SHUT! YA UGLY ASS UP!! DO SOMETHIN BOUT IT NIGGA
i should be there around 11
please follow and let her know i sent yu! she opened for cody nov. 19th 2011~
Ordering 700 square feet of carpet that's destined to be destroyed by shakespeare
Do mikey got a twitter?
A coalition of 8 music publishers sued the file-sharing service LimeWire on Wednesday, accusing it of copyright infringement.
miss you 2!!!
hi every one
Dear PG Cougars, In the words of the Partridge family, "I think I love you"
Oh boy i need to get my mom a mothers day gift...
Found Shar-pie near Los Angeles (El Monte).Young adult, male, golden brown. Need good home - email me at
My nose itches.
Extraordinary swagg, with a mouth full of gold...
OMG ! is Thinking about suicide! She LOVES youu! :( Tweet her!
that awkward moment when your tumblr is fine one moment and then when you go back to your blog its blank and you can’t do anything about it
#E3onG4 Your not suppose to eat the microphone
Oh. That's what's up. Which part of new York? Cause I'm from the Bronx. But I stay in Florida tho.
Who won the In Memoriam award?
hehehe love you! #shotsonshotsonshots when I'm back ! And the beach day erry day
The news is that Derrick Jenkins is now a DOCTOR! I know he was working his butt off with that dissertation and I'm proud oh him!!!!
You got it. Next week - I'll be there.
watchin' spiderman , i love this movie .
agree! No! Thats one of the main reasons I love DVR!
Well, you survived another Monday. Reward yourself with 50 Cent Beer, 5 pm until close, Mondays
Anyone who is a serious user of Salesforce CRM and have 15 mins to chat with me at their convenience? Want to get a a non-salesperson take …
I'm starting to feel whatever it is I'm supposed to feel...
Research at Boston U. shows the P. gingivalis bacteria infection accelerates the progression of atherosclerosis plaque formation. Use CloSYS
Would someone please explain the game of Cricket to me? This shit is confusing!
3:0 at the half. Come on the Arsenal
Pittsburgh: We now proudly offer Dermalogica professional skin care treatments and products! Call 412-854-6881 to book your appointment!
Calif. "Terminator" is open to discussions about making MJ legal.
Listening to saxman Charles McPherson...Birds With Strings on 2nite's Jazz @ Lincoln Ctr show, on the radio right now on JAZZ 88
Check me out asap on YouTube, Facebook, and reverbnation
That moment you forget what u were about to tweet
Yes! How to set it up once u get it. RT : how to do a Google Adwords campaign?
the day half my catalogue is in rotation is the day i move to Tibet to train to be Batman.
your point was fine, just beyond my frame of reference.and i've always been seriously monogamous (serially so in younger days).
thanks. He is all pumped. he is having his party this weekend. He sent out 60 invites!
If I'm ever a coach, at any level, I'm hiring an orchestra to play behind me during pregame and halftime speeches
let's do Mirrors. have it reflect. have it reflect. have it reflect. reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect on all the love, beauty, pain..
When celebs show up to spin class we die times 2.
Ugh, that place gives me a migraine.
Idk how I made it to school this morning -.o
How do I get in touch about an ownership transfer request? It's been more than 30 days, no word from you.
I think thoughts you share via Twitter should be called 'Twoughts.' You know it's true.
I’ve heard more Cheap Trick since Q101’s demise than I’ve heard in the last five years. My van radio kind of sucks.
You are the best!!! -A
it can't be a bad thing to be addicted to motivation lol
Sweet im working with the BING team on some pretty cool stuff!!! Great to meet ya!!!!!
The Facebook IPO will be a big boon to CA's floundering budget.
Tomorrow is Friday! Finally this never ending week is almost over. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
love you brooke! <3
big congrats on the election. Makes me even more excited to come back to Philly :)
RT : Looking through the schedule of events for , very excited to see will be speaking!
"buy-borrow-donate"
Drinkin Long Island and smokin Loud anybody wanna join me?
This referee is being PITIFUL! She is obviously not up to the level necessary
Lol! RT : I won a free gourmet cheesecake on Twitter. Suck it, you anti-Twitter people.
Good night! Guys(:
but instead im laying here cuddled up w/ niece & looking at her gorgeous/precious little face <3
Happy Mothers Day! What you do and have done does not go unnoticed!!
salty na I'm jus playing
my bad fam - i been running around - aint been on twiiter
says interactions are your brand. Have heard say collections are your brand. Two sides of coin?
seriously. I don't know what I was thinking. I don't even know who I was in that moment. not myself, that's for sure.
Is there pink eye going around or...
Enjoying another beautiful day!
The awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced that people actually think you're stupid.
Cold and stormy outside. Snow on Mt. Hood (hour away). Happy snowboarders and skiers. A book and hot tea in order.
East Coast via Denver bad news as expected.
I can't wait any longer...
makin a build a bear ;D
Watching #Boston Red Sox lose again made me hungry.Going to bed & then going to for a waffle in the morning. via
get me one...I still haven't gotten anything for my mom
#WeLoveYouAustin at least just say it (: even if you don't mean it just put please tweet it(:
Thanks to the Rubach sisters for being our very first costumers!
RT : Finally! Let's get it CRACKIN'!
You know who that player was? (long dramatic pause) #bestJokeOfAllTime cc
do a concert in flordiaaaaa (:
All this time i thought K'naan had a sore back... Now Playing <U+266A> Soobax by K'naan
Your mom rules. =)
Thunder knocking at my door, sold out yesterday at Playhouse in the Park. Cincy drummer, Art Gore plays in blues band.
Lets make #Gasman play limbo. How low can you go GasMan? LOWER!
The hard part about knowing is you know! This time it won't hurt like the last time and the time before that.
It talks a lot about Alexander's ethnic mixing and anti-racial, geographically-centric policies.
“: Get Your Ass On Up. We Got Work Today”
that ending was dumb... It like cut it off at the middle of the story
is that in the contract, or doesn't it have to be.. Not even cable company's can do that w/o a contract
Yess friend! Meet some new people in the atl
you'll have to tell me how it is!
yea, how do you know?
USC Writers Conference coming to an end. Great day in LA for writers.
thanks rachel! i love that i'm getting to do it too!
Finally, Zimmerman arrested.
thanks for the warm wishes! Greatly appreciated.
I hope so, too!
well I'm sorry I'm makin u mad... Hahahaha.. Dam ur a bitch. #ckoldhearted hah
Ima go crazy this summer lmao
Marshall Thundering Herd ‘Seal ’ Men ’s Ring Size 11 – 10KT Gold Jewelry
Hmm, there appears to be a tasting mere blocks from my workplace on Wednesday afternoon... Worth my time?
so happy you liked it. Thanks for the Tweet.
grading my last paper....I think I need to be alone
bored . com
well then thinking I should tune in over on then x lol
Selling an Above and Beyond Saturday ticket at the shrine,
Today we celebrate Bar Kochba's #Jewish spirit & his resolve 2protect freedom of Jews in r ancient homeland
Thanks for the useful site. Pics are great!
what do you mean defers all that time ? And of course is still wades team just cause there's other superstars he still the captain
I wonder if it's something I did... Or maybe it was something I DIDN'T do..
! The #kathy sofa is too damn low for anyone to be comfortable. Including us the viewer. Love you!
you just DM'ed us a suspicious link. FYI.
Who has #UFC tix to tomorrow's fight at United Center???
I have a hunch..and i hope im right..but that things will come together for Carlos Gomez this year
Jennifer Garner is so manly though....
Horrible Places You're Forced To Go To: banks, pharmacies, DMVs, & public restrooms. I'm at one of these places now fighting for my life.
Wouldn't mind going Gigantes Tour but only to see my dawg El Buki.
How did Dexter's parents NOT know about his secret Lab? That electric bill had to be higher than Wiz Khalifa!
Oh my gawd,Lucky!! :O
#21jumpstreet funniest movie I think I"ve ever see!
So done with softball.
Ok even if no one reads it I'm still gonna post a new story!! So be prepared. (=
Thx RT : “Calling local artists! is looking for large scale art to display in their restaurant. inf
GIVE IT UP FOR BEER! GIVE IT UP FOR THE VENUE! GIVE IT UP FOR THE TROOPS!!!
Right? After that tweet, we learned is bringing an even more extravagant spread.
yeah i know now
I have lost all respect for #LeBronJames; I criticized him but I respected him, but no more. This flopping is a joke.
Making Cookies
I'm about to walk the streets to see what makes me write about it...bring it Seattle I'm in a mood tonight! I've earned it. Look out
OMG! HE HAS A ZUCCHINI ON HIS NOSE! omg! Legitimately? *shows picture of guy with huge nose*
All of this has happened before, and will happen again.
It's happening now!! Or maybe Tom?
An editorial assistant position just opened up with the good people over at ! :D
Me too! I got Quindlen's 'lots of candles, plenty of cake' by mail plus three other book club novels.
Yee haw! #giddyup RT I'm co-hosting on tonight from 5-8! You should probably listen ;)
He saved your number in his "No fucks given" folder
Enjoy the Superbowl with OSO Artist, BRENT ELLIS @ Tootsie's, 7pm cst. Or listen LIVE at www.103wkdf.com or on 103 FM WDKF in Nashville.
there needs to be a lottery for the opp to watch a game with dad.
Think visually. A picture truly is worth a thousand words. If they are good enough, they’ll end up on the front page next to a long article.
Tf some jerk kept prank calling me
Yoooo my Economics teacher just hooked it up with some Power Pizza!
As of 12:00 midnight, our new executives are in charge. Good night and good luck!
AGREE RT : may be the most unlikable reality TV star ever. And I'm including Puck, Omarosa and Kim Kardashian.
Mission Hill featured in Sunday Globe Travel section. Great piece featuring City Councillor Great work brother!
Living it up at the
Good find!
My mom going to say that i need to join this basketball league, go to college and make her some money in the NBA lol.... she #Ratchet? o___O
Also I don't usually replace numbers with letters but Twitter was cutting me off.
#WDS “: Loving these alumni tweets! #IdolFamily #Idol”
Hello - thanks for hosting tonight!
but souls? Do they have souls? What does their major tend to be?
Yeah,we lost. That was like two days ago.Let's all take a deep breath & stop tweeting crap about them & the capitals
I'm on there, but I have to crawl back to Spotify to get my Arthur Russell fix.
It's #FunkFriday!!!
The NEW Thursday's here! The NEW Thursday's here! Okay, that's enough for now.
Fuck that id be in all kinds of trouble out here!
Amazing Freddy! My Man...
it's a flying dog - hoppy dog was at the lake
Happy Valentine's Day!
Good, it's not just me. RT : Just lost the G2 feed
America's favorite music…remembers America's favorite icon! #productionvault Country remembers Dick Clark in Promos!
Q1: the well-turned sentence, the coherent paragraph, and this smartphone.
Had forgotten that Betty Ford trained with Martha Graham and was a dancer. Strong women attract.
Thank you, but don't like to talk on that account! I prefer to Twitter :)
Introspective Newt is a Melancholy Newt is still an asshole.
Congrats on your Seagrams Modeling jump off! #WHOOP!!!
look at me when im talking to you
Got a fresh cut, worked out, showered, and did errands. Just on track these days, huh.
We only do 1/2 kegs at this time. The other sizes are coming in the future.
Well it looks like you know about the hack! How goes it?? xxoox, MCM
the do have a schedule up but there are a few TBD areas.
Design Tip: Use wallpaper to add pattern to rooms.
Ready for a nap...
I think this is the first time ive ever willingly watched basketball....damn.
You need a graduate degree from Zombie Hut.
Homeland, episode 7, Channel 4, review: Ed Cumming reviews the seventh episode of Homeland on Channel 4
Time to start Tebow Tippin!!! It's like cow tippin but with donkey fans that drank the "funny" Koolaid
Rules: & I will moderate, jump in when you're ready, refer to the question in your answer (is Q1, A1), tag with
details still to come but I promise we'll share more ASAP! #pho in
I don't care if you don't care
I don't tweet on Sundays because it's Gods day. Yes I'm talking about you Ryan Fitzpatrick
Just experienced an earthquake in Herndon, VA.
I love this country and every single person who serves it! GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Thank you. I'm applying for scholarships, I don't usually qualify for grants. I don't mind working two jobs, just wish I
Thanks for the follow The Layout Shop (TheLayoutShop)! :)
New logo & pics will be posted late tomorrow!
Guy in my yoga class: if I wanted to hear your weird groany sex noises for an hour, I'd just lower my standards.
so today my teacher said "i dont tweet because im a twit" it was great
The locker pod's pretty quiet atm.. Awk
#ForeverWaiting.. on my laundry to be done washing so I can dry it.
Happy Football Sunday! Go Hawks!
I got two out of my three packages from The Book Depository. Neither or them were Pandemonium.
Word of advice: Follow your passion & always do what you feel is right for you.
love can build a bridge Strohm.
Day party the 28th of this month? YES
That WAS interference!
Best finish ever & u cut away @ last 5-sec so TV viewers COMPLETELY missed finish but got gr8 shot of some Boylston St. pavement?!
Good morning, Lisa! Great to see you!
I know a whore that works here, shes my cousin- #lmao!!
It would be interesting to see how he would do, that's for sure.
Because Donte's gay ass didn't wanna deal with traffic. lol.
5 min late for spin and class was full :(
Are you looking to clean your Marble floors? Visit our web site to learn about marble cleaning, repairing and polishing your Marble floors.
Nice ass.
thank you for following it means alot and I love your daughters, they are very talented :)
Hey , we're playing Adjacent Spaces! Right now! Suggestion: grocery store. We're moving all over this store, real-time.
If you goin thru hell keep goin you might get out before tha devil knowz you there
that you are going through a rought time right now. I may know of some IT work for you. I don't know why you stopped being my friend.
You brought the sunshine! It's officially raining the weeks before and after your visit. I know that's all you!
Thanks for the retweet!!
Congrats to my uncle Reg for an excellent job at
You ok?
what up chump?
I'm just gonna lay off twitter...
Be sure to join us tomorrow for Halfway to St. Patty's Day! And of course, college football AND Ortiz vs. Mayweather... Who will take it?
I agree, I just cant see the light right now.
Been 3 days since ive worked. seems like a week though.
Watching the "new" (but not so new) news team on It's a solid news product at 7pm
When people say 'sorry 'bout it' or 'shoutout to the people who' in a sarcastic way << its annoying af.
RT : Binder: It's not what you teach it's your attitude!
omg! This is so super awesome!!!
Brewers bummer. Chris Narveson is placed on the 15-day DL with rotator cuff tear. Mike McClendon has been recalled from A Nashville.
“: Haven't eaten a thing all day #Starving” go eat lol and bring me some food :)
thank you very much! for answer my tweet! i love you so much! <3 and please follow me! im a biggets fan!
Stalked the facebook of today during economics... Made me miss her 100 times more than I already do!
gmail is down oO
I might have just dropped $50 on turkey legs at Market Square. Don't judge me.
You wish. Time to douche out that rotten ass of yours...it's becoming septic.
Concerts and art and horses...oh my! Lots of fun going down this weekend; I've got the skinny in 15 minutes!!!
I remember that day,we laughed under the spray..we shared such bliss & our 1st kiss, on the Maiden of the Mist..Over the falls in a barrel..
Bieber really needs to stop screaming in the background.
Latin Proverb~ Deliberate often--decide once.
I cant help but look peoples feet and when they look like they need a good fun scrub. I want to yell Hey those babies need a loofah Ped.pal!
Jason, it was quite tasty last night. Thank you again.
Just a few more assignments...let's do it!
It’s funny how the people who hurt you the most are the ones who promised you they never would.
Thank ya!
Damnit. There's sunny D in my vodka.
Valentine's Day Specials. Couples massages w/ champagne available here. DM for more deets.
What has #NATO done for you? Closing Chicago for 5 days. Hookers might get some new clients.
#oclc manages top level domains on purl.org. the process involves human moderation. if you want one, you apply and... wait ;)
Solution to a sucky Friday night, come see us this Friday at the Rock Shop Miami Beach. Drinks, food and lots of Brand Name Punk ;)
Always so great to have you...thanks, !
#ala truism = having nothing to do Sunday morning but 10,000 things you MUST do sunday at 1:30.
Students don't make that distinction. The flatbeds don't let them do what they want, ergo, angry face.
Yaaaaaaay, Jenna!!! Ok, here they come!
"Cross pollinate positive consumer generated content." says
We will hold the vigil for LGBTQ youth Wednesday October 20th from 7-8pm on the North steps of the #UVA Rotunda. Pls wear purple
I might take miller over DOB but that's a pretty bad list.
Very diffrent and Original yall watch out for
Still working on the new and improved DreamCoast Coffee. Whew!
sugar withdrawal headach. I will only do this once.
egotistic sent me!
Sometimes, I see an equation written on a blackboard, like half an equation, and I'll just figure it out.
Lots of women don't care about "mad men". Shit we're made "mad" by men too.
yea I'll watch everything tomorrow on youtube :P
It is just an absolute war zone on Galveston.
Someone come cuddle with me! This weather if perfect for it.
•True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about but few have seen.
some ppl will lie about anything to get other ppls sympathy..
What's that all 'aboot'?
I love everything Mexican; tequila, food, beer, and cinco de Mayo
Cant wait til basketball tryouts start @ skool <U+E056>
Last day to apply for Adelbert Parris Scholarship for Los Angeles performing arts students is tomorrow!
GSP tried to play safe the whole night, he stands NO chance against Anderson Silva. Silva is much more talented and agile.
It would only be Kent if one of them also had a wad of chew in one cheek and another had his mom's minivan keys in his pocket.
#NACUA welcomes David Allen to the Annual Conference in San Francisco today -- helping #highered lawyers "get things done."
hate how some girls are overly pretty and look perfect, they make me feel like such an ugly tramp.
Let's go Lobos!! A win today gives us a winning streak!!
Had an incredible weekend. Hopeful for an equally incredible week.
"For anyone who has ever bought Playboy for the articles."
"Omg went to #tweet shoutout and #iPhone #autocorrected to syphilis" Hilarious.
Can't believe that Disney lost so much $$$ on a movie about Jimmy Carter going to Mars. Seemed a natural winner to me.
#MyDivorceSong- Ridin' Solo by Jason Derulo,~ I'm living life now that I'm free~
We're down. RT: : I <3 you guys so much! Wanna see ya supa asap.
you definitely should! It'll be awesome.
I'll start a new card line for people like us. "Hey Dad, Mom's eye healed up real good! Oh yeah, It's Father's Day" :P
Heading to see Band of Horses at the Fox. Pretty excited!
Just finished speaking at the NAFA Technical Seminar on Integrating Social Media in Your Marketing and Customer Relations Effort.
oh yeah, baby! Just when you think hair couldn't get bigger. I looked like a blonde version of Hagrid from Harry Potter. Not hot.
Get to know us and each of our personalities better on our personal accounts: and
Don't know but I find the NYPL or other public libraries may provide that though specific channel delivery.
Can some one tell me why I cant get a boyfriend? I bet its cud I'm too ugly!
I'm a vegetarian. No fish too. But I will not rest until I see your bloody remains on the palm of my hand, mosquito.
Naming your friend 'Justin Bieber' so when they text u it says 'new message from justin bieber'
AWESOME! Congrats!!!!
enjoy it!
dathin new #FTBOA gig is very nice. Very busy right now, don't tweet as much as I like. But love it. Headed to #FlaDerby this weekend. Thx
Game at Pershing against Ferris <U+E420>
Jack White !!!
The awkward moment when someone chats with you and you're typing your message back and they go offline.
Ready to bounce the fuck out of the US right now.
of course haha that shit goes hard
What a great winter tour. Thanks to everyone who came out along the way!
LOL we're annoying?! Oh you'll see annoying today just wait! Hahahah silly Rachel.
gotcha. I just thought that everyone knew he didn't have insane stuff, just gets it done. Shocked to see so many walks
just remind me ;)
Sure thing! I'm going to be getting on the road soon, but would later this afternoon work? ~CA
thanks for adding me to ur list!
cause im hungry as shit
Anytime & thx for following me too. Nice pic! :)
Winning a single game, during a complete season, results in rioting.
Um... Wow, this dumbass lady. The sign said "Lunch break 12-2" the door was locked, and it was dark. She's saying we're late?
Pepper spray is for wimps--I say slather them with butter and boil them alive!
Let me lick you up & down till you say stop let me play with ya body baby make you real hot
And by sometimes I mean All the time and by people I mean people I don't know.
I don't wanna think about you anymore
" can y'all record a live album so I can play in my ride?" > just 4 u! ;)
Check out 's Twitter page to see some answers to fan questions! #HCRfanQs!
Tnks for the beautiful tweet! I RTed it to all my followers! I have a prayer-app - perhaps you'd like to see? www.birdofprayer.org
THAT IS LIGIT THE GREATEST TWEET EVER!!!! JUST SCREEN SHOT IT
ugh people who make news out of this annoy me!
Shoutout to for nailing that Ron Simmons #triviatuesday - follow them to tweet wrestling!
I have the new May scent of the month.... If you would like to have a sample... msg me please... you are going to love it
#museweb Great addition to NMAI's website portfolio. Looking forward to hearing Matt Fisher this week to discover the source of creativity
Working on report to funding agency and drinking green tea.
hey follow back? (:
I wonder how much the violence in Jamaica will effect tourism? My husband n I have trip planned 4 Sept. 2 Ochos Rios, plane lands n Kingston
i love it!
worked from home today. the only thing that topped my productivity was the volume of food i consumed.
Great Line: "I'll be right back!" (Tom Hanks to Helen Hunt, as he leaves to board the plane in Castaway.)
Rain, rain, go away <U+2614>
HAWES COAST TO COAST!!!!!
None of us is as smart as all of us.
#JackBlack in Shallow Hal never really gets old for me
Just got done with a nice warm shower after taking the Polar Bear Plunge this AM. I'm still missing a good 2 to 3 inches
good looking out on the retweet. got her stuff back.
My pussy is hot!!!!
Give me one good reason why you thought it was appropriate to wear a heavy sweatshirt and scarf today. Just one. I can wait.
If Romney gets elected, I don't know if I could breathe the same air... LOVE my girl, Cher!
Heart is warm. Arguing about Christopher #Hitchens on Twitter has been a Christmas Eve tradition in my family for as long as I can remember.
Woah Randy Foye just dunked on Serge Ibaka like he went off a trampoline. Yes, I miss slamball
So why aren't you guys coming to #SEATTLE I'm very sad and dissapointed you're skipping us. #HOWCOULDYOU I still love Logan though. :)
Curating a setlist for a 5K I have not yet registered for, instead of doing homework assignment.
Thanks for the follow! --Jo
She devoured them. She says they're terrible.
Have fun doll!
the striped one :)
followed u ;)
Please see my answer on to: My child support commitment is about to end, what do i need to do? - You need to fi...
Don't forget about the performance competition taking place on Feb 12Th. Details on .www.winterfilmawards.com
I know! I've been trying to find out where I can get one.
No matter which movie fills more seats, will be bigger. It's science, foolish young people.
Has everyone lost Linterest in this Jeremy Lin character and the Knicks?
I think we should write some sort of AmLaw instructional essay called "A Cautionary Tale about Writing Cautionary Tales"
has e-filed 2 Federal tax returns, printed out 2 Maryland tax returns, written checks for horrific amounts of money and still has just en...
: Best of luck. I know you'll do well.
I freakin' did it! I paddled 12 miles on The Mississippi in 2.5 hours. I'm still tired....
Hey Blair! Hope you're doing well! How are you enjoying life in Philly?
Turn your phone on Tux must be back by 5 pm !!
thanks to the recommendation to set up a #ncph2012 column in tweetdeck, I'm going to stay tuned all week
I've had a very productive day! Now studying for precalc.
Thank you for retweeting our post and helping Blue Water Baltimore!
Douglasville and Atlanta
You got yourself into this mess.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "I Owe My Father ZERO Instructions; I Owe Him a Level 10 HONOR"
just eatin' my oreo (;
If I EVER get married I will be requested that no strippers are at my bachelorette party..this is scary
Got it! Thanks, guys.
Hate when they introduce a song as "new" on the radio. That shit is not new..
merry Christmas, follow me
Good luck with life and love, seniors. Aways in my heart <3
and a TL is?
Excited when read "Talk & text for free, worldwide" on site. Fine print reads: "Talk and text...with anyone...who also has the app."
Listening to the new album and am disappointed to detect Auto-Tune. Ladies -- what happened? I know you're better than that.
hey Skrillex. Good luck at the Grammys. Hope u win all 5 nominations
For some reason Pandora is playing all of the music I have on my iTunes.
Call things out. Demand it to come forth. Jesus did it and so can we.
Where do you vacation in the summer? We are looking to expand our operations...
It will hurt Wright a bit but he'll get on base
they are so hard to find!! What gives?!
I burned my head with the flat iron -_____-
Purdue student , loved the reassurance of it doesn't matter where you start but where you end up & how you got there
Happy New Year!!!! Many good things to come this year.
Got a date with and Leo.
I have a black hand towel for the lights on the computer. Now that the comp's in another room, I think i need to find it!
Awww hell naw. Where the f*ck did my coffee cup sleeve go ?!
It depends on the issue. Please follow & DM us some additional details so we can look into this for you ^CH
hell yea lol! so when you comin to a studio session wif us!?!?!
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. - Dennis Waitley
looks like the auto industry has their money back
Only rappers you listen to is E-40 & Pac? RT : right here Precise I bought all 3 of those albums I love E-40
Let's stop bullying now with #dshunt let's do it
thx for following my #twitter page nice those #85.000 followers.
Thanks for the butterflies<3
I already asked him.. He says he doesn't give out his number to fans.. :(
MT : "I find the Debates in Digital Humanities volume tremendously upsetting." says , provocatively.
She's even Jolie-ing that leg a little back there! ;)
My test of a good novel is dreading to begin the last chapter. ~Thomas Helm
Apparently, the entire Hawks offense runs through Jason Collins tonight. Just as everyone predicted.
AWH baby you're growing up so fast. Wished the time didn't fly by so fast.
Taos rated near the top of Smithsonian&#39;s &#39;20 best small towns&#39; in US
Your welcome. Have a great rest of the week.
2 day trunk show at Equinox in South Beach, check us out!
(The "test" won't require the students to purchase the book; I can distribute copies of the chapters to them.)
your welcome! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
Bring back the Zen Master Phil Jackson!
Good Luck BMF
Do dried fruit or nuts spoil? How long after purchase do they go bad?
"My brother/sister/nephew knows html" "make the logo bigger"
Target actually has really cute little girl's clothes!
Turning our amps up to 11 today!! Jye!
Deb Fischer wants FOIA to be applicable to Congress.
- Happy Tuesday :)
Thanks so much for the follows. g
I heard this old Italian proverb in a movie: "When a woman runs away it means she loves you." What are your thoughts? True? Ridiculous?
Andres, can you explain what the Klout score is?
#NowPlaying #chess w/ a 6 year old
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. ~ Dr. Karl Menninger
I think would make a lot of people's lives better if #OlensTips was a daily occurrence.
I'm sorry for disappointing you But I'm done With being up and down and pushed around No more
If grace is an ocean, we're all sinking.
belated thanks for the Forbes piece!
RIGHT? Was checking out craigslist for apts/jobs/internships and was thoroughly appalled. -___-
chicken and crab melt there is good stuff
"I wasnt that drunk" "DUDE! You jumped in the pipe screaming "MARIO! I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!"
Cozart delivers! #Reds. Let's go!
Live every moment, love every day, cause before you know it your precious time slips away. - REO Speedwagon
Safety Tip #1~ The sun's reflection off of the water is very concentrated....make sure to use plenty of sunscreen!
I can't stop listening to your covers! Your just perfect <3 I wish I could text you and be that special girl <3
:0 I am so sorry </3
Did you know that only 75% of owned dogs are spayed or neutered? Talk to your Vet to know more about it!
tell him to be my hook up!!! Tell him that I look up to his swagg hahah
naw I do it on here
I'm so sorry. #RIPAngel <3
and what is that :P
Woops: That's
I get the fucking stomach flu while my mom and bros get to go to LA. Im the one whot wanted to go the most, but Im stuck home with my dad.
I cant wait to dye my hair.
That means Cap won't want any food from Buffalo Wild Wings. We'll cancel his order.
It sure is difficult to write this software when I don't know what I want it to do.
I'd be in a Twerk team if i had a butt!!! lol
vikings lose! the SAINTS get home-field advantage if they do.
You met my dad yesterday! I'm so jealous :(
my family is even crazier babe :/
RT : Whoever's behind this is getting fired.
Looks like I lost the Burning Man ticket lottery. Just as well. It was better in the 90s & early aughts anyway.
word em up!
I understand sales calls from payroll companies & insurance brokers, but if I haven't returned ur calls in 5 yrs, you can probably give up.
I had a weird dream last night with you lol te amo<3 x
ITS HOT AS HELL AROUND THIS BITCH
Does anybody buy music these days? Lol
As much as it hurts to say this, GO HOUSTON! At least I can root for Aaron Brooks, being a hometown guy.
I'm in New York from like the 24th to the 27th
4 AM and still can't sleep..This is annoying, g'night Tweeters ! Love Xx
yanno how I do ;)
Thank you I'm so glad you liked it. Happy Birthday Lisa :-)
I'm gonna just go to bed. Forget this debate crap.
Hi Matthew, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand client's campaigns Follow 2 DM?
Tonights only gonna be 18 degrees!!
I love that all my Bart alerts are ten min behind. What's the point of signing up if I know it was resolved 10 min before u report the issue
Her name is Selah. Pray for docs & her complete healing.
You got it! make sure to keep telling your friends about us too =]
I'm like Dylan Thomas.. I don't like going to bed and I don't like getting up.
to annoy my mom I just walk into the same room as herRT bored so to annoy mom I dropped my pants & rubbed my butt agnst her
Niggas always leave they ole lady for something worse....they be losing.
No prob. You're welcome. Great questions!
hahahahah ikr... but gag is she on the way lmfao
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaa dying omg
Hey, guy who tripped on my cane then shot me a dirty look: I'm totally using it to bug you. You have foiled me.
Web marketing makes me giddy. Seriously. At least I know I'm doing what I love!
« Did she really just pull into Price Chopper like she dnt know im tired & hungry?!! I can't even eat now #maf»
RE: colts - that wouldn't be Late at night, would it?
RT : What number is this, Chip? 7A! Okay, I mean it, don't get excited man, it's 'cause I'm short, I know.
I'm VERY thankful to be getting interviews... but Jamie doesn't do so well in a suit with temps above 62*.
that "everyday im shuffling song" is getting on my nerve!....so played out! hmmph! :l
and I love being with you!!!!
loved you're little dance to 'Love You Like a Love Song' at the TCA's! ;D totally gona start trending a new dance move. lol
I lost 30 followers. Fuck you all t(-_-t)
And always in our business
so great seeing you!! How about Thursday? Xo
Gingrich is sitting at the head table, Perry is shaking hands and working the crowd at each table.
Congrats guys! This is gonna be awesome!
not sure but I'm hopin to make it out there soon! What's going on in #Detroit??
hope you guys are opening up with this tomorrow. Josh Hamilton. 4HRs.
Don't you dare go runnin' down my little town where I grew up & I won't cuss your city lights.
NO I LOST MY VICTORIA SECRETS PERFUME.
I still have never felt like a plastic bag drifting through the wind wanting to start again. Stupid analogy is stupid. Goodnight.
I'm feeling like a drunk monkey today... Stomach virus really sucks!
What are the thoughts on the possibility of a new look to the UM helmet this year
lmfao Heat Fans. They mad as shit. As usual. Especially ... He always so mad. smfh
Great lunch w/ Pizza never tastes as good as when you're half starving.
we're generating buzz for our #HondaCRZ Road Trip thats fueled by #recycled cans! We love fbook/blog comments and RTs !
RT - #Cleveland #Indians Win! 6-2 over Diamondbacks! Take the series
: where have you been ALL MY LIFE?!
Wish I couldve been there! “: Loved clinking margarita glasses w at Gueros tonite!.”
3515 s/o goes to : #FollowThem!
did Kobe hit the #TurnUp switch already?! Lord help them Nuggets
Hiya, Spud! I've missed you too! Will be popping round to your place to reconnect. :)
Glad you like it
Your source for exotic hardwood flooring.
where ya working?!
Tells myself to pay attention at church!
wish that i would have had one of those yesterday. RT : Everyone should have an emergency cookie handy.
And the winner is...... ! #gzu loves you! So glad you're part of our #HOUSE :D
don't miss! RT : Check out rock center nbc at 10, great piece about 2 adorable little girls and the haitian quake 2 years later
So who all is taking apple cider liquid or pills or vinager. How are you doing on it.
RT : Have any questions for Zoe Saldana? Send your #AskZoe questions today!
Thanks. I always liked his work. Hi Steve :-)
sounds good to me
Loved Phillip's version of CCR!!
some ghosts are totally into that kind of thing ;)
Thanks Pretty Lady:)
Just sold outta NM Frozen Hot Chocolates! No worries though, whipping up some more now!!
Then your awesome! Sorry the things automated whenever someone follows. CAUSE TURTLES ARE RAD!
LOL Hope it was good for you too! ;)
so glad I could b of service to u, I'm always good for a laugh HAHAHAHA
It's a new week and that means new Early Week Specials! Skyy 80 vodka 1.75L, the big bottle) only $20.99. Price is good thru Wedsnesday.
“: or take the rest of the day off. jk =p” No...we are making more projects for you!
God or Mother Nature (take your pick) apparently doesn't want the TMC Prudential Building to come down.
The students are off today for term's end. So that's why it's empty.
HELTON! Cmon, the rally hat is on!
My aunty got me dis credit card with $150 on it, first thing... buy an ICONic Boyz shirt. Boys Will Be Boyz!<3
i think your great i loved you when i saw you a few years ago you still kick ass
I bet that should be 1956, not 1946.
dude i'm sorry - dont be mad - u got a twitter mention to make up for it :)
Just doing our part to pick up Billy's slack.
i really don't want to go to busch gardens now.
...I hate when you're watching a movie, and a $5,000 Mac computer is just a prop. Waiting to be smashed -___-
Also, I'm okay. My hand took the brunt of it.
How ironic is it to be dating two guys of the same name and zodiac sign
no i cant for another 30 minutes <WeMissAustin!>
If you fall, I'll be there. -Floor
em-dash -- I love them too!
Now hosting ProTools online tutorials...get ya shit crispy!
Will be hiring go-go dancers with their photos already taken sexy, classy and upscale for our promotions and Latin Night events.
Thanks for sharing our post with your followers. :) Hopefully it helps slow this scam down!
hahahaha ill let you borrow letnek only when im asleep tho lol
A fire alarm is going off in the building, nobody even considers evacuating and I'm sitting here tweeting about it.
I like my music real loud (:
I should be just getting home from a long night instead of just waking up
hahah. it's almost summer so i'm sure you'll be saying the opposite soon enough :p
One thing I've learned is that you can't fight what's in your heart.
Bitch ass customer on the phone said I sounded like a 10 year old.
Hey . would love to set up a shoot with you
Wolf Eye Designs will be upgrading stay tuned for more details. Looking forward to the new look.
Is an Auburn person really calling someone else a cheater? That is too funny! haha
Grocery shop when the kids are in school. Kids they will pester you until you buy some junk food.
Katy Perry Believes In Aliens, Is Headed To Space: The MTV News Quote Of The Day
Tired from a long day at work and then gym :( Going to bed good night guys!!!
What are some cute tumblr urls? I want to change mine!
In high school, my mom said I could have done better. In college, they live getting my grades.
yes, that's my secret to being mysterious! lol
Taking the train to NYC for the 2Q VMware Partner Tech Talk. Should be an exciting day!
Bunda holding first Internet auction Friday
Snow on the continental divide this morning, FINALLY!
Oh blah. Well let's declare a nation wide librarian 's'mores day. I vote for this Friday.
For once I gotta hand it to Apple RT : A visually impaired friend says Siri has allowed him to fully enter Information Age
#ShesToYOUNG4YouBro She doesn't have to shave... down THERE.
Oh man nerves
Alan the fat bitch Leon trying to start shit over here?
Cymbal sectionals outside #gettinsun >
RT : The I accept your apology, but you make me really mad sometimes kiss.
Re: last RT. Love seeing creative designer mind turn twitter into visual communication.
At Classified ENT with Lakeland own JOSH DAVIS working some music making history
Right Its Awesome
Shout out 2 all the single moms doing they thang
hahahaha shut up . i was in such a hurry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
To My Heart: Thank you for sustaining me. Working tirelessly, uncondtionally. Reminding me to keep on going. I forget, but I love you deeply
Oh yea! My parents saw it just before I went to Eastern Europe for a backpackers trip. Bad Idea!
Runyon it is this afternoon.
I think steel is a much smoother more fun ride. Unless you're in spandex like 3-4 times a week not worth it
Hangry that's hilarious but please try to use a diff adjective "rape" is horrible
It's a beautiful morning ;)
all I'm trying to do is re-sign my lease lol
Director, Jeff Sable arrived in Idyllwild for . Adrian R'Mante and MARC SINGER will join him for Sat. 10 am screening & Q&A.
I'm happy for her. She's better than Baltimore. She will be appreciated elsewhere. Watch.
That's the wrong thing to do.
If stealing creativity was a crime Half the uncreative people in this world would be locked up
Prayer changes things....
'duck, duck, cute' - instant classic!
another great show sweety !!
I really don't care if they are or not lmao .
“: Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing. Harriet Braiker”
ALL ARTIST SUBMIT YOUR VIDEOS TO www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com send them to !!!
but im serious
Like condensed milk that's been heated in a double broiler til it's brown? Yummy.
no kidding. Although at least we didn't hear it much when the flyers played the Rangers this year lol
I left my phone at home. One part of me feels disconnected. The other 99 are running free screaming, "You can't reach me, fuckers!"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I LOVE YOU!!
Listen to your gut
im here early.
Minnesota costing me a couple of hundred quid. Not nice
Dude! I hate it when that happens while I'm cutting my nails!-_-
You ever ask someone a Q and they answer without answering anything you asked -___-
He was only famous from Justin :/
My posters are ready I pick them up tomarrow yeah dat
I need some courage and a load of cconfidence.
you have a weird aftertaste.
haha ..gtg.. :( I LOVED TALKING TO YOU. not talking but..umm.. singing? :P xoxo
i love what i do =) music is my boothang
Great day at ASTD ICE. Esp good session by on Marketing Your Business
#JustSoYouKnow is the new quote. Forget about #Yolo. Lol my science teacher (Mrs.Gregory) went H.A.M on some of the kids lol
I need to talk to you. :o
15 minutes left! Here We Go!
I have no patience for card minimums.
The Houston Hoops family's thoughts and prayers go out to Chris Washburn and his family.
Herr (High Pitch Voice) ! Pure comedy !!
Why do i always seem to screw things up with people even at moments where I'm not currently interacting with them?
Clippers Headlines: "PAUL: BEARER OF BAD NEWS FOR GRIZZLIES"
hey john are you greek
Ones or fives, possibly. At odd times even tens. But not hundreds.
aw i been good just grinding wbu doh
Perfect gorgeous day for it RT : Just had a delicious lunch w/ at Great way to spend a Friday afternoon
People- Don't click on anything that says "someone is spreading rumors about you" It's a way hackers get your info on here.
Warm weather on it's way!! Who's ready?
Ur clothes dont do u justice so get out of them!!!
How can you hesitate? Take risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
And don't forget his utter lack of defensive effort
I really hate field day...
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” <U+2015> Mae West
Shibboleths: I'm seeing hegemony a lot! I'm probably pronouncing it wrong. RT : a priori & hegemony ;-)
Just met the guys in Under The Streetlamp. Great hangs, pumped for their show at 3.
on the bus back to Boston from work retreat. mood is, shall we say, subdued.
TRAFFIC - Crash - Fish Hatchery Rd @ Petra Place
I'm feeling like a star. You can't stop my shine. I'm ridin' solo
I just love how my family is out eating without me.
I mean it's because your black
That really is an unfortunate shared acronym.
Jack in the box is apparently a police parking lot......wish I could have taken a picture.
price matching ='s hell #neveragain #wasteofmytime Driving around to the actual stores is less of a hassle. seriously
tell your mom i said thank yu for havin a GORGEOUS child (your sister) lmaooo
you're adorable but AUGH don't rub it in! Its rainy here, then snowy tomorrow! :/
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! But I feel like its IMPOSSIBLE!!
When you send a text about the guy you like to the guy you like.
Still wrapped up in THE KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES by Jussi Adler-Olsen, read by Erik Davies. Disc 8 of 13.
Dani Rodrik's "Goodbye Washington Consensus, Hello Washington Confusion"
Active users of any industry.
Why do i have to be knocked up with a cold????Why????
Let's win this one, #SFGiants! Give Cain some run support!
happy burns day my fellow scotsman. Stab a haggas now.
Slept like a baby last night. Best sleep in a long time.
We are all human here at DotGov. ;-)
Any IIS experts out there that want to give me a hand? ~ Brian
he doesn't play at mayo. Do we have to wear mayo stuff tonight?
Don't worry. They'll grow back. Hopefully mine will too.
he says Hi back :) haha
this starting to sound like Dallas Cowboy fans, I'm just saying.
DO ME A FAVOR PLEASE FOLLOW ME #AlexLovesUs I know this won't get REETWEETED :-\
Yes, just block both doors leading out so no one can enter or leave. You're conversation with your friend is clearly THAT important
Primarily because they don't CARE about OTHER people, they care ONLY for themselves. #Selfish&GreedyGOP
RT Correct indeed, but let's not forgot they did not have Tony Parker. We need to run run run tonight!! Yikes
Of course! RT : should a freelance developer w/ no products or startup of his own attend #DayOfFosterly ?
I looked for places to visit in the new city council district 7 and found just 1 place. How is this list developed?
The church tour I have scheduled for next month is moving in the right direction!
Ready for a getaway like right NOW...maybe next week I'll take a trip with just me and my music
thankyouuuu!!!! Boys really need to think about that
Maybe they were at the hotel?
is on! Yay! Time for some knowledge!
just to find a donor who doesn't mind their contribution being recycled every 7 years or so :P
agreed re: message refinement/design -- also ideally there'd be an easy way to measure how many people view the message + act on it
Hey guys! When you get a chance, check us out at facebook.com/DeathbeatJam & reverbnation.com/deathbeatjam or follow us on instagrm- dthbtjm
How cool are the bikes though? That is the important question.
yes ladybug, u know SEXY girls find one another ;)
Kim K sucks.
Atta Boy! :') RT Fuck this i'm eating:p
Ha! The "regular meeting" is open but boring, mostly members talking. Open hack is at 8pm, that's when people make stuff.
You are getting old when your friends look like your parents.
If you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in Love <3
how was Iris?
There's another playoff point for Kreider
You should be SO sleep right now.
Lets take off!!
Olympic athletes. So come on Toronto---and Canada---let's give them some attention and encouragement. Pro-teams can wait a couple of weeks!
GAMEDAY! Milwaukee Women vs. Seattle 7pm at the Klotsche Center! UWM students are free with ID. GO PANTHERS!
Ugh my tummy hurts
I haven't heard from you in a minute bro. How you been
Trey and I recorded a new show today, it'll be up on Friday. Thanks for your patience - D
I wonder if my co-workers miss me. I bet they do, LOL.
just back from a week in Ketchikan Alaska. Worked on a new technique and then enjoyed the Great North.
Man Dirk
You lie so much.
Love isnt overated but the word is
I'm done exploring the tech tools, show me the results and data of improvement.
Watching final ending of Terra Nova with my son
Brace yourselves. The references about getting high are coming.
Never fail...you look like shit, you will see the one person you don't want to see.
Just watched the show. I was embarrassed for her, shocked by her disrespect. Love to see updates on her experience at the ranch!
We're exploring Pinterest's usage of copyrighted content by its users. Some call it free PR. Appears to be widespread CR infringement.
really appreciate the suggestion! We will definitely keep that in mind. Hope you're having a good weekend!
Looking forward to more images then. Enjoy the tour, and next time may you make it to the middle of our little country! best.
I just found $60 doing laundry.
sorry, also , I am teaching way too many students for a writing intensive class. so you and i can fix that, too? can't wait
I heard lol and Thank You; that's where you're going too.
it's about time :) Firkins up the kazoo
I was going to message you to tell you to snag Parmelee. Probably made Liss cringe. lol
Definitely reading that one. Thanks.
3:15 on 3/15, the most birthday-est time of the day
Whatever. RT : "Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row.
Tiger is back!!! Nice win next up
Scrubs until I fall asleep, wish me luck
Gotta get in one of those, I have enough patience to sit down and make one moods
I bid you a fantastic hump day evening my friends!
k, so I am dying to find a GOOD colorist for Blondes!! ahh no one gets it right, pls share if you go someplace good in CLT thx
"illegal" migrant workers and their kids took real risks in seeking to speak out - it's not a night in jail, but deportation on arrest.
Hello, everyone! Head still full of 's fab KJB talk last night - but now it's time to get started on JOURNALS DAY! :)
Welcome new followers , , & ! Thanks for joining our cause!
Gotta love anyone who can take a Lady gaga song and make it about muslims! RT: : is great!
BIG few weeks coming up. Working on music.
Hi Benjamin :)
Oh rats, not you, too! Good luck!
I haven't--would be a good idea to do that with them though.
(snark) Yea be like sneakily grab it later RT : #sxsso don't ask for more permissions than you need. Panelists agree
see you down on the Mall!
Thanks for following me(:
In our house, discipline was doled out with a fraternity paddle, which lived on the refrigerator with dust bunnies, cigarettes and vodka
I can forgive stupidity. What I won't forgive is willful ignorance, which appears to be on ample display as usual.
I just came up with a great 15 second teaser for The Red Rider! Will Chet let me put it up?! - Josh
Happy #TravelRally Day! #VoteTravel! Help our industry spread the word!
Newt Gingrich says he'll end his run for president next week. In other news, Newt Gingrich was still running for president.
bishopwayne.com, is updated new photos and new changes will be coming, also in the studio working stay tune at bishopwayne.com
didn't even tell us he was going home he just left
What are you talking about!? shortening it is adding 'VE to it! THAT'S how you shorten the word have! The word OF is its own word!
well, if i could take the sickness from you, i would.
Sounds awesome, thanks!
Had a great day with my wife and family...thanks!
well, I lookee into the legalities, and for all the legal involvement with Booksie, it just isn't worth it :/
Getting pumped to whip some Sens' butts tomorrow
i love you too!!!! <3<3 I miss seeing your beautiful face
RT : So saddened by the news of Junior Seau's passing. The hearts of the Trojan family go out to his relatives and friends.
clinch a playoff spot tonight!
wait for :D returns tonite cant wait ive missed him so much
I think this COMMUN1ST PLOT MUST BE EXPOSED
Never enter a battle of wits unarmed.
tomorrow* that is.
My Birthdays Tomorrow. It Would Mean The World To Me If I Could Get A Happy Birthday :) :)
... I get pissed! Then they complain when Jordan curses on twitter and blocks them! Smh -_-
"Moby Dick; or, The Whale"
Great to see you today, Larry! How is your week going?
I am playing at The Cage right now. Man its hot!!!
Well you can always come hang out with my family... That would be one way to learn a NY accent. :)
Everyone say a quick prayer that I get this job at Raleigh General! :)
your welcome i really want him to read it haha
If someone truly cherished your friendship, they wouldn't let their boyfriends talk to you like you're a piece of trash.
Suzy is trying to indirectly salt you up.
i wuzn't trying 2 be funny u know??:|
oh it wud be so kool to make a living with acting!!!!!!!!!!!!
your language is about as delightful as a beautiful set of boobs......Fact!
Would you all like me to make a list of our members on Twitter? If so, @ reply with your school and election yr and I'll get one going!
Goodnight tweeters .(:
It ain't the year of the, its the engine and mileage, you rock it til the wheels fall off and I'm overhead flying
Thanks for posting that pic of Media Row. Always curious. Now tell your bosses to get you that deal! We need you back, man!
YES RETURN OF BAD V!!!
do open platforms make sense? Wondering why trains can't stop where doors meet railing openings.
Waiting for the neighbor to finish mowing his lawn so I can record some piano. Life in the home studio...
your pretty cute, wanna date?
I fear no one because i know we all have the same ending.
lol please do!
I wish I was more organized.
Joe Pa or Ugga the Dog....who had more influence on the their teams over the past few years?
hahaha if they turn out good!
Hi! We're really glad you are following us to keep up to date on what's going on.
Awesome pic! Thanks for coming by!
u there?
What a week ..record now 8-11with double ot win at tj last night. Thunder dome tomorrow @ 1:00
#thingsgirlswantboystodo is be a nice jerk?
Sunday morning Gospel... "How I Got Over (Album)" Smokie Norful!
I been blushing <3
Ladies , it's cool playin hard to get and all but damn… Give a nigga a break sometimes !
Name the weirdest thing you think we could find in a #WarholTC; we've probably found it. #IsThatAHumanBone?
Fashion blunder or Freudian slip? I realized during my Web conference with Ball State that I was wearing an Indiana University T-shirt. Oops
you don't know about that
Columbia: good to review what hasn't circulated in 5-8 years; lots of non-English materials
My buddy: "I wonder if Andre Miller would make more shots if he jumped."
My head hurt bad, headache really sockin me!! :(
So Fun!!
nope but downloading it now. Thanks!
What MBTA station Transit Police found the woman?
here right now on the patio! Good stuff, sitting next to your Texas themes laptop. Thanks
Katchafire Radio on Pandora all day.
Ah, yeah I know what you mean! Well I'll be praying for you, your work is really great!
Go Hawks!!
hey(: have you seen what some sicko put about Justin?!
boom! its oooooficial! stay safe! xoxo
You can say my breath smells like an ass. Thats cause i'm always talkin shit.
Heading to #dctech meetup tonight on mobile technology...with over 1,000 of my closest friends!
Nova Baby
Too much treble.
IMVU is so weird...
Thanks so much for the RT!
#GoSpursGo now have won 7 straight with win over the Nets, longest current win streak in the NBA. Great start (3-0) for the Rodeo road trip.
HELL YES! RT : that concert would be sick!! :)
: Yup. I take most of my life advice from drunk people at casinos.
Lakers Just Got Dat Ass SPANKED !!
Home from blood drive. Thanks for the lunch and tshirt
My 10 yr. old daughter is running around the house yelling the "Sporting, Sporting Kansas City" chant.
are in da house! poor sloppi just learned she has fuel pump worries-Y DO TRUCKS breakdown a block away? 3rd 1??
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>Did you Move to Miami??(:
to be a part of The River San Diego vision !!!
Just tapped New Belgium Pink Peppercorn IPA.
give my girl a follow she just got her twitter today! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
The question is not at what age you wish to #retire-its at what
Where is that? On a special diet but i could have an iced tea.
yeah I see ya fam will have my assistant get that to you shortly! I appreciate you homie! KILL IT n send it to me!
oh yeah lol, best phone ever but blackberry need to step up they app game
foster failure?
And you will need librarians/curators to manage the big data!
lost over 60lbs and put on 20 lbs of muscle
so i think i can still graduate if i don't hand in my finals... or at least sneak in the back.
Truth in comedy, yo. #wishiwasthere! RT : "Don't try to be funny. Try to be real." - master class at
Music Gotta Be The Best Drug Ever
you are, sir!
with my actual face? i think it's probably scarier for some people. but it was about time to make the switch...
So my son won't go to sleep as he's freaked out about Santa coming into our house while we're sleeping... He's got a point.
watching the Roomate in honor of Friday the 13th with
You're welcome :P
Surprised at how the WR's are falling in the second round...
one of the weekend mayne
Start the long weekend the right way. 10 mile run followed by a cool swim. Oh yeah.
RT ": Diss Adele to me & I will block you so hard your buttpussy will fall off."
Well at least I understood what bane said
Tonight you should wear some green and go see at the hen.
before the devil knows your dead yeah? Wasnt it tight seeing phillip seymour hoffman put in work!?
Happy Birthday to one of my most loveliest/awesomest followers ever ever ever! Happy Birthday !!
Would it vex you if I went to without you?
One of these days we'll be in the same place for more than 15 minutes! :-) Hope the rest of #IACPNYC is fantastic.
HS always has been & always will be number one in my book. You'll headline a big show in Vegas on your own soon anyway. :)
I seen the light excite all the freaks, stack mad chips spread love with my peeps.
Do All That Shit You Be Talkin Bout. When You Gone, Shit, Netflix On Yo' Couch.
WOW Don Cornelius committed suicide??? SHOCKING NEWS!!! R.I.P. (still SMH WOW...WOW)
Wanted: Better attitude and more sleep. Will pay in homemade pizza.
Well, my life sucks right now. Happy New Year to me, right? HA!! Nice joke being played on me!
of course! always looking to co-opt the hip new thing.
Really cute red-head in this store;)
Just wrapped up celebrating my 9th year of marriage with wifey. Thanks to all who have helped us along the way...an eternity to go!
Jupiter student oboe (Jupiter 355) & the Selmer, is made of ABS resin body & silver plated keys.
or tax preparer
And in the end, you learn that the people and the moment are all that matter. Everything else comes and goes.
Let me put it to you this way. Your friend is an idiot that can't read and you are an idiot that cries over Twitter. K?
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year! From and Here's too great 2012! Live well, love much!
Home Opener at King Field this Saturday at 11 a.m. against Norther Michigan! Come out and show some support for your Warriors!!!!!
Love your profile pic. Your tagline on Google plus is appropriate. If you need a place to crash, I've got a futon.
Five minute warning on the reset of the wireless access pods with flower's names. #CILDC Save your work.
whose going to be in middle skool?
Heading to the Arkansas Minority Health Summit at Excited to see the presentations by Olympic Champion !
#oomf are whipped and it's pretty obvious. Lol
It's been a while since we rocked an impromptu karaoke party. We have the most talented (and today probably most hung over) staff EVER.
don't forget you are one of me bffs
Yes. Sometimes regularly.
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale has officially been added to my list of holiday must watch movies.. Yes that list is messed up, but I love it
When will fat guys learn? They're never as funny when they get skinny MT : Jets Rex Ryan has lost 90lbs this off-season. Props.
Get him Mancini! beat Ferguson's old ass!
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 learning archietect, learning concierge, innovators; DISRUPT traditional notions of librarianship
Pass them out around the world, so hopefully they make their way to your city! Great info on them, posting those this week on FB as well.
this Sunday is so chilled and nice for me. To complete it. I wish had a BBQ :/
Rainy days at home are relaxing, rainy days everywhere else is just hectic!
A little Sinatra, dash of Glen Miller & a touch of Harry James make 4 a perfect ending for a gr8 Derby Day!
David Roth is at Giambi Birthplace and Museum, West Covina, CA, with 44 others.
and moved so well. What a cutie!
"All we wanted was oppurtunity" *JUST BLAZE*.....
Bruschi and herm Edwards says bears are a bigger threat to green bay than lions and may come out on top of the division
What Are They Doing Now? Arsenio Hall...I haven't seen dude since he played Simi on Coming to America. Where is this cat?
d Chris has his shirt. Thanks.
Where were your pants ripped ?:P
When you call 911 just remember they can NOT fix STUPID!
is tweeting Celebrity Rehab right now!
#FF Last one before Midnight.
Physical Therapy…
Shoutout to the beautiful R&B sensation on the follow. #TOPFAMENT Call us about our promo packages 410.513.9199
I feel like took on some of Jaco's spirit. Noticing their similar skills for the first time.
Some moms sing Raffi to their kids. I sing Moneygrabber. #Fitz&theTantrums
Haha, I'm referring to the character who is mostly disliked although there's a strong group cheering him along. Make sense?
After touring homes for a few days, you will probably instinctively know which one or two homes you would like to buy.
good morning :) have a nice day! JesusBless<U+263A>
Today 1874: Harry Houdini born in Budapest, but later claims to have been born in Appleton, Wisconsin on April 4, 1874.
80s sitcoms for me as well please. :)
At the cheesecake factory with kyle and stacy. real classy. except for the part where kyle keeps trying to send me pictures of his poop.
I'll make it work earlier if needed! 2p? Email me.
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Wild Mother's! You are all true health inspirations to your families and to all of us. Enjoy the day.
Just some graveyard shenanigans
i mean if i had the worlds biggest ass, i would have to get some kind of surgery or something, i just don't get it oh well. O_o
that's great! It's pretty cool there :)
Jealous about all of the iPads around me.
(: good day at school today!!(; but #single is horrible!!!:/
Hell nah, he said "I shit on a regular basis" ahaha
#Eugenides, The Marriage Plot. Somewhat disappointing & overrated time warp back to my college years. I just wanted to slap that girl silly.
Jalisa in here tryna shoot me with this BB gun.!!! CALL THE POLICE SOMEBODY.!!!!!
consultations always free, come talk with us!
Name a difference between the traditional UCR & the enhanced version NIBRS
thanks for thinking we're funny. It's really just carrying the fat guy and Miss Daisy's "white" driver.
Hh with a good friend!
If you know God WELL, you know God WILL.
telling me would've been better.
Did you know that if the city council passes their medical cannabis ordinance as written it would close down ALL collectives in SD ASAP?!?
It's Titanic, man!
Doesn't it depend on what you dreamed? Foretelling sunrise won't sell too many books :)
That sounds good Team Elenjah!! :))
Nothing happens without reason:Well you better have a damn good reason for acting like that
I think I can see #Newt waving at me from the #moon tonight.
Hi fr #GA ! Happy Holidays!
Back in the Recording Studio laying lyrics like layered bricks.
Just passed Jamie Lee Curtis on church st. She looked as manly as ever...
I really want to!!! And okay, good :)
I wish i could bring everyone that hasent with me but i cant. and ah i hope!!(:
Sorry to hear that. Be well!
Sending love from Georgia<U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>I luv you all
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F OVERCAST
love singing with you! such a great performance last night!
ahahha me too
I want pictures!!
i remember the time you told me that you love me and i told you that i also love you...NOW YOU COMPLETELY IGNORE ME! >:x
Q7: We don't have any fiction in my current library, but they were housed in general fiction at my undergrad library.
Nothing like sending your available to shoot schedule to remind you of everything you have going on.
Thank you for the #FF love!
all together dropping 40 songs in 3 mths u all will hate cuz they got no $20 lease exclusive soundclick trap beats
aw babe, maybe sunday? ;)
lol never a dull moment!
RT - Miami Dolphins doing a Gators & Tim Tebow tribute the day they face the Broncos on the field of the Miami Hurrican...
on it!
last night I was drinking alone, watching my New Kids on the Block DVD. So ur def not on my level of loserdom. Feel better? Lol
I apologize in advance for whatever my mom did last night?
You are super gorgeous,ur def my fave on the show!!
Today has been a good day...
Feels good to be back home!
American Dream. RT : McCourt: buy Dodgers for no $ down, fight with Selig, divorce wife, file for Bankruptcy, sell for $2 billion.
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack Boy Meets World. Best show ever.
SOA is going to be great next week
looking for booking, features and track submission info. Thanks!
dont be so quick to judge, specially if u neva been thru the struggle
stone sublimely self-righteous at tom d's house of beers for a night cap.
Eating breakfast between a Food Network producer and a still drunk newly 21 gaggle of girls...(cont.)
lol it's a #truestory though!
That's how my hen's party is going to start ;) x
It is a scorcher today! Come in and try our Juice of the Day...Watermelon Lemonade. 24oz for only $2.99.
Good choices. :)
summer time = no relationships ; )
be on the look out :)
The red faction game? That's on my list. iOS is good right now, just very very busy!
beer in the mornin, beer in the evenin, beer at supper time. when beer is on a bagel you can drink beer bagels anytiime!
you didn't say happy birthday to john :/
12 Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens for only $12...Add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!!
I've done pretty much nothing today... and I'm ok with that.
looks like #sportingkc is off to see the Magic play in Orlando tonight...I was not invited...
Take that, paper. I have a whole week before you are due and all I have to do is put in quotes and draw a map of Portland. Ok. That's a lot.
just got a chance to listen to your beats but the dope we definitely gonna do something, I'll give u a call next week 4 show
promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
yes sir, not sure when the bus comes to the stadium though
I'm On Another Level My Thoughts Don't Make Sense To One Track Minds
MANDA call me now!
Heat players celebrate after charity event
My son just whipped it out and peed on the leg of the kitchen chair
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 19
that sucks, sudden death of loved one is the worst. My Nana was a jewel & she taught me how to love cooking! Italian yea
10 minutes until your loving PRD girls are on the air on your local PBS station!
Thanks for the detention Ms. Arend.
Our students have the ability to produce projects of quality and beauty.
who?? did u see troso
Every risks we take has its own peak and downfall it could either break us 4 the rest of our lives or elevate us from the ground up.
put his number out there so BBN can put him on blast!
I feel that way more about parenting than I do about work, have seen IS referred to in that context, too.
Enlightened is amazing. Ep. 4 & 9 are two of the best episodes of TV I've ever seen. Hoping to hear good news from
Office or house moving?!
“: So the world is falling apart and we're spending all this time talking about gay marriage? Pretty depressingly frivolous.”
Aeropress is the only way to go.
Watching movies with the fam when I get off...I love movie night!
HART Alert! Preston Thatcher, 14, dirty-blond hair, warm brown eyes. He's from Seattle. Rosie, you better watch out. Preston's MINE.
So annoyed
:( feel better! Fluids and rest!!
yeah I'll be there...to pick up chicks before their dates.
The EBBY ftw!!!
: the DH did nothing to academe. The fried chicken and faculty meeting rally beers did.
I love how big of a cunt you are
About To Eat Some Really Good Food :)
My special announcement is...I'm releasing my first original album on May 25th!
Santorum: I’m Not Going Anywhere!
I miss The Walking Dead.
As of last night I am now addicted to Breakout Kings.
Canyon ranch Miami- a must! They serve wine too :)
Now we cooking with crisco.
That is SUPER cool!
Question for - does the ALA have a statement on #CISPA? If not, we should!!!
I see the nuggets are a worthy adversary. Even with their ridiculous name.
best way to do it I always say. Rock on.
Can't wait to go to your concert !! ((: -IloveyouMahone<3
tonight and Mosaic with Jeremy Pelt, , one of my favorite trumpet players. Haven't seen him in a few years.
GETTING READY TO TAKE JAYLYNN TO THE DOCTOR THEN HOPEFULLY I CAN COME HOME TO SLEEP!!!
A #goodfriday workout makes for a good Friday!
last week at this time i was sitting in the ER getting blood...tonight i'm sitting through ubaldo jimenez...last week was better...
okay Back On twitter. I found myself being a little distracted.... with all the damn twitter wars...
Pre-gig playlist includes Earl Hines, Erroll Garner, Clark Terry, and Sarah Vaughan. Let's get this party started!!
HubSpotters also take pride in HubSpot's innovative and analytical culture, casual work environment, and no vacation policy
... Tomorrow our landscaper comes to talk pool design! Yippee <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
You ever farted while taking a bouble bath?!?
that's why it's called truth juice
Another hint: Native speakers don't always test well & may not b the strongest #documentreview #contractattorneys 4 the matter.
Thanks for the follow, much appreciated.
Lrt's pray for a world free from stereotype and prejudice.
Hokies strand a runner on second in the bottom of the 3rd. We're scoreless thru 3 complete.
full slab of ribs with prohibition sauce for dinner tonight
Are you feeling like "enough of the orange already!"?
it's not funny >.< I wanna go!
So I've been studying Ethnic skin on my own for almost 2 yrs & I'm continuing my education thru various training sessions but...
didn't work for me, already tried that one
Hey girl do you have a instagram and a gifboom?
Best #Valentines prize to the person that shows up and makes my toilet stop running.
So yeeeeaaah... This girl needs to stfu already.
She can run...but she can't hide..lol
don't forget to add the hash tag #brewersfantasycamp to the facebook page. Can't wait for the final letter.
you gotta take a pic of your cheetah'd out room...even with the pile of cheetah shit! lol!
Trayvon didnt even PINCH that liar George Zimmerman, let alone give him a broken nose.
Where is spiderman when u need him
I CONER MY WORDS INADAPT WIT DA INK RITE ON DA PAPER DAT HAPPEN 2 ME ITS LIKE I RAP IN A STREET USED 2 TRAPPIN WEN UM RAPPIN BUT NOW I RAP
Happy Monday - already spilled my coffee on my ivory shirt.
Thank you for all the information shared this morning! I learned quite a bit!
Sitting here LOL at the randomness with between shows on Sat. #coolingwater <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
This old ass man downtown just Said I made his 4/20 , he's bouta go get some loud , like BYE ASSHOLE
Interested in your thoughts. I love woody Allen and thought I'd like it-- but i hated that movie...
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: When creating content be as unique and individual as you can.
Sorry I am late! Hello
Thanks, Lexus, for once again making me feel inadequate, that I cannot afford to buy all my loved ones a brand new luxury car for Christmas!
Holy cheese loves his fans so much big fan big fan<3
F5 BIG-IP Application Security Manager Awarded Five-Star Rating from SC Magazine
brianna you are MEAN. :(
thanks girl<U+2665>!:)
sim, e do twitter tbm hahaha
UT hoop gets 11 seed in the East. Will open with 6 seed Cincinnati Friday in Nashville.
anyone have a fog machine or laser they wanna sell or rent to us?! very interested in all things party!!!
nope! im gonna avoid you!
R. Kelly and the lazer light peek show on little girls equals
I be so fuckin exhausted
Imma just start tagging random celebrities to see if they RT me..
Cousin Pat: next year we go kill our own turkey! Ha!!!! Woo lol
Most people wish for clothes, money, mansions, fame. Me? I wish to meet my 2 idols. & <U+2665>
you mean the world to me and you always will :) <3 you changed my life and I thank you for that ILoveeYouu.<3
stop driving and tweeting!
be careful
Its hot!
The average age of a Twitter user is 39 and the average age of a Facebook user? Take a guess!! I was shocked.
thanks. I want to reach out and motivate others cause i know iv been at that point with life and soccer.Like most of us has
...well, I nailed the Kevin Smith type. But was it the right one??? Now off to rehearsal Fools Theatre!
Show us some love and share this page.
Love my #Caps! What an awesome series.
Jkt consulate denied aunt's visa app b/c she doesn't have "strong ties" to home. They didn't even look at documents she brought! Apoplectic.
Hula at the Flower Show Polynesian Cultural Center dancers performed three times during the Flower Show that was open to Pennsylvania Hor
It's not who you fall asleep thinking about, but who you dream about.
They told me never fall in love it never works out in your favor, you’re way too young and right now that's just human nature
She wanted something to happen - something, anything: she did not know what.
They go on n on about how we need to be considerate nshit..... practice what you preach.
thanks Jonathan, you the man.
RT "Those who tell a story rule the world," a Hopi saying.
sat in ikea car park! Hurry up mother!!
i guess hes cute and all but hes not really my type. but to each his own.
Well done! (although, I really don't understand that scale ;) )
awww thanks for the #FF although I am the opposite of an extraordinaire and my blog is empty. Clearly you haven't been there!
And gets out of the inning with an out at home. This is absurd
awww Id love too thanks for saying I can ;)
fuckin right??! That's just the worst, shit makes me rage.
At least that many odd chefs in DC, I'm sure... RT : Hilton DC can accommodate 1200 guests and 50 odd chefs....
when i was little i always wanted to be 16 so I could be like all the people on disney channel, my dreams will come true tomorrow
So glad that I reworked my piece because in the extra reporting, I found a treasure trove of ideas.
They're the best! Have a great rest of your weekend :)
lol no I didn't know!!!;D
the hits just keep on coming sometimes ha, getcha hands up.
Soon as you truly let someone go you find someone better!!!
Great! The larger the heads, the better! :)
Getting together with a friend hitting the mall together to blow our paper :) on Friday. Can't wait till fried day
lol thanks for the mention. We need to get our venue and stream stuff situated, and w'ell have something to watch. :)
oh I wanna see now
Getting my dog cleaned up so he can go visit my aunt
Jus gettin home from the E. R
I don’t know about you guys, but I don’t like stepping on broken glass, remember Mifflin during the block party is a glass free zone
Finally showed replay of Eric McClure crash, took direct hit into SAFER barrier, being airlifted to hospital...
tell me when u got my edits
Why.Would U Be On Twitter When Mostly People r Asleep
good song lmao
What an honor it was to be a part of the Minneapolis St. Paul International Film Festival! Sad to see it come to a close.
Flipping back & forth between Family Guy and Stepbrothers. Such a hard decision.
okay but I feel really bad
Maybe they're texting you random #s that only happen to correspond to the weight of Jessica Simpson's baby?
Those middle months were beautiful. This ninth month, not so much.
we miss michael jackson :/
THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING! #Boom!
Loehr's tale of Andre Agassi's disenchantment w/success reminds me of Dr. Tal Ben-Shahar's personal story in his book 'Happier'
You can see a comparison of the tank's condition via my twitter feed.
My best albarino exploration was when I discovered the Licia Albarino 2010 while on a trip to Spain. My favorite!
In charlotte waiting to board the next plane on to tampa.
still, it was very nice seeing you again this morning & sharing brekkie (tho beers are better. ;) Have a great trip!
Someone asked who I want #Dolphins to draft in round 2. I said "Don't care. They already drafted their QB of the future" IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
Efficiency… It is possible with social media.
Our favorite tea geek gives a nod to mom and Lord B.
lololol. Back in Russia I bought a loaf of Russian sourdough with Russian pappy and nana
mine has to have banana peppers, onions, and mushrooms
If that's the way you treat boys I'd hate to see how you treat girls
thanks but i have rehearsal every night until 1. the show opens or 2. i have a nervous breakdown.
i love you so much Vic :} thanks for being such a great inspiration!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! Busy busy lunch!! looking forward to dinner and Happy hour today. Free Queso and $1.75 all beers.
laying on the couch typing this paper sick as eff wbu?
There is nothing like #TEA with
Met the most wonderful new addition to the world today: Miss Paige Pratt. & -- she's beautiful.
if you write my lab report with a guaranteed A I'll make you so many birthday treats!
I love that #MiltonChen talks about the rules of #improvisation -never saying 'NO' and using these principals in #education #actingrules!
Loving this panel with Mindy Fletcher , and
Prolly passed josh but
here's the list of beers aged in a barrel for 2yrs bourbon county rare..and avery's meretrix ..are there any others?
I dont understand why people lie to me. Ill have more respect if you're straight up.
ughh yea that ish sucks, I don't know yet probs layin low been out too much last 2 weeks and that's no goodies
At some point I will do some work and I will feel good about it and then reference that time I did some work for about a week
Vanilla U-Swirl #FroYo + Dr Pepper #Thirstbuster = AWESOME SUMMER FLOAT!
Pull can put you in position, but it's PUSH that keeps you there !! #I'mTRAPSATIONAL !!
#occupyyourtv Miscommunication for the Masses!
I keep seeing new jersey license plates but none of them are the boyz, its just boys -__-
#WaysToMakeMeHappy if u see me smiling u doin sumtn
I got quoted today from an interview that I did with last year, but no one notified me. A reader I know caught it. huh.
"Hey I haven't talked to you in forever" Well if that's the case then obviously I don't wanna talk to you.. Idiots.
so glad to see you here :)
don't forget my present tomorrow
Good luck at school! Hope you stay awake. Love ya, but I'm going to bed now.
Dear life, When I said "can my day get any worse" it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
same here
Call us we rent copiers and printers. 303-778-0600
still looking cute
Is everyone but me having sushi right now?
I'm up now rayle' prolly want some pancakes her greedy self,lol!!!!
RT : Atlantic County OEM enroute to the Hammonton Airport for a missing aircraft. No further details.
Ooh, there's a new M R James omnibus? I always like to think that someday I'll time-travel to one of James's Xmas ghost storytimes.
I love how hateful you are.
Yammer? Until recently, Facebook.
#sometimesyouhaveto go m.ia. and get yourself together
I'm alright. What r u up to?
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves."
Congrats to my NYR followers!! A well fought series..NOW BEAT THE DEVILS!!
I just got an email that Adventures of Tintin is waiting for me at Circ - pretending not to care. re: Game of Thrones
does his officiating clothes fit?
On my way to the Chris Canty golf outing
Hemp smells so weird
thanks again for buying a kit. I can totally help you put it together and I'm sure really appreciates what you did as well!
Hope everyone had a good week
All kinds of 1sts over the last few days! 1st: LP, viral meningitis, multi-night hospital stay & MRI. I'm ready for the excitement to end.
Holding my breath to see if , and are joining me tonight.
Alonzo - it reminds me of intense, weighty, and philosophical
you are a MASSIVE twat.
My daughter made those this am. 1st attempt, not bad! I'm reviving a catering co,new menu,open house w/tasting in mid-May.
Stuff I hear at work "I'll be back in a FLESH!"
. is driving my car. May God watch over me.
another month where the JOR deadline is missed...
those were so good! next time we need to bring gummy bears!
corollary: and pushes the risk/reward down the ladder
me too haha
"As God is my witness, ill never go hungry again!" -Scarlett O'hara #gonewiththewind on
Smile with an open heart.
2nd graders were SO excited to vote for Maryland's Black-Eyed Susan pic book. They loved I Voted stickers too. So far, it's a close race!
When was that?
thank you :)
Thank you Mo for telling us about this creepy Pedo dude
Starbucks line at #TheProject show is so long!
Dear Mr President - I'm a fan and I'm pleased you came to NJ, but I got home 5hrs late - next time pls could u take the train! Frustrated?!!
Good morning all... New Year's celebrations are over.. how are you faring?
lol idk i made mine when i was 11. but 6 year olds? im like the only one in my whole grade that has one (and actually goes
no lie, I dreamt night that I spontaneously got an octopus tattoo and I felt quite a bit of remorse for not including you too
Whats the point of going to school after we are already done with all the test? All we do now is watch movies in every class.
Royalty statements? Are you feeling well?
follow 4 follow over here
Especially bad when my deadline was yesterday :(
At #ikea with "i feel like a bug, just drawn to all these sweet lights"
Lol yes and imma need tutorials for dis crap
About to start my diet! It's gon be hard but I can do it!!!!
best? did i hear best?
When ur washing ur hands at school all u can hear in the stall is moaning ..... Smack dat
Tuesday....Tonic...,Tonic.....Tuesday. College night! Ladies free till 10:30p. in the mix. 18+ to party.
The dirty looks, the jealous stares. The best part is, you think I care. Roll your eyes and talk your shit. Jealous bitches make me sick.
I will thanx!
great idea. we'll make sure he rubs up on some to absorb some of his cologne
Me: Breathes. Mom: I AM SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR ATTITUDE
Biden tours the Basilica of Guadalupe in MX. Sen McCain did the same in 2008. Is this becoming a new election-time ritual for US politicos?
people r following me yay
Chupacabra sighted at 12th and G near metro center. He seems to be in possession of delicious hot soup.... New developments at they develop
I see why. Good luck
Broncos should've kept Tebow to at least back up Manning. But instead...they trading him smh
LMAO I was just at the Fitness Connection down the street from there yesterday.
Tuesday is field trip day duh (;
I still have Sailor Moon toys...? Nope. Looks like it's just Jupiter. I can deal with that.
I recommend vacuming then wiping keys w/damp clothe saturated w/white vinegar & hot water. Cheap/clean/enviromental : )
Damn that sucked!
I don't need your love anyway
i'm telling we totally traded pix during work hours
's thanks for having and see you next month on the BIG stage.
show tonight with , , To the Sky, Rattlesnake Island, & the Runaround at ! 5pm $10 all ages
Its truly amazing how sum people want to be so important!!
It will be much better once I get my hands on a #cherryberrychiller!
cause SOME still view the fit woman as their competition and not their complement
Throughout THE AVENGERS, I was consistently reminded that Joss Whedon spent a decade overseeing choreographed kung fu and is great at it.
RIP Mr. Jobs, you are already missed.
you deserve a break for the amount of responses to your followers. Bravo sir
Traveling the world!
Peter Thiel does
RT : Hey C21 -Tonight 7:00 and 11:30, Chris Owens is opening her club at 500 Bourbon St just for us. Blues Band - Roster
Super excited for Jermaine of #thevoice. Well deserved win.
*LAST RT* AMEN TO CHRIS BROWN. HE KNOWS US BROWARD COUNTY GIRLS ARE GAWWWGUSSS :*
good to know cuz the movie is so MINUTE!
My initials are TCB . In case you didnt know , that stands for taking care of business (;
Great lax game between Jefferson and apple valley! AV wins 9-8 in 4OT.
honestly, your the best friend EVER!
I've heard good things about Yu Darvish. I'm looking forward to seeing him pitch today. Hopefully the Indians can get to him!
ahh. Saw wife surrounded by 5 kids & I thought they were friends of Duggars. Quite a few guys live in PV, right? Furyk, VJ..
so for the summer im thinkin about gettin micros
I just realized I don't own a hoodie. Does that mean I'm old?
Excuse my hair didn't feel like brushing it. #butitscurly :D
i love yo uand tottally going to miss you lots when i move :) luv you girlie
great to see you at tonight!
our country was built on religious values, and now we have to fear lawsuits from atheist groups. What happened to our USA?
She drives fast in the slow lane.(:
Gonna go get my nails done ^_^
Just rsvp'd to the #saa11tweetup, looking forward to it and #saa11 !! See y'all wednesday!
Who dresses this guy?
Damn Cleveland weather
:I FEEL YOU!!!! YOU SHOL GREAT AT IT!!! GOD BLESS YOU LIL HOMIE!!!
dude you guys should have do some vocals in atleast ONE song... please?<3
This prom queen nomination should totally turn Quinn's life around.
That's where we differ. #rapture4sho Shocker. RT : Many of Camping's employees... don't believe the Rapture hype
Gonna lay down n talk two my baby til its time two qo two bed.! The lil ones already n bed.!
My beloved 97 yo GMA died last year during the Texas series when she realized we were not going to WS. It devastated her.
count me in
still do :)
especially when they breathe all hard after running like a little.. haha
Got it thanks!
That's gorgeous. I think I can see in through the windows.
Glad you liked it!
went to a wedding reception once that was held at a funeral home. that was kinda weird.
#TwinterGames= #3WordsAfterArnisPizza: Jan. 16-23, describe the perfect Arni's pizza in 3 words or less. Use # and tweet back to us!
Gagnon's been dominant in the Midwest League through a half dozen starts. 2011 3rd round pick.
Maine using the model and support from will have a public charter school law next week
When a female says and make u promise "till death does us apart" about a fone call u should run!
There are people who have money and people who are rich
Of course you can!
We're building an Android version as we speak! Stay tuned! :)
Wahoo! (fyi.mica.edu = Localist!) : Just heard a radio spot for fyi.mica.edu on NPR! So cool!
#angrybirdsspace...I heart you.
I love you! Follow me PLEASE? <3
Fair enough. I'll be sure to include that in my cover letter!
I know I'm going to end up living downsouth - but where? I need to be coastal that's for sure!
I was very nervous, and in connection with this phone I have a cheap
Haha , I Think It's Funny How This Girl Thinks Shes The Bigger Person , Lol You Act Like A Little Kidd !
I understand so much more now about you guys. I'm so sorry for what you went through. That Interview does explain a lot.
Courses Vail Values in the Fall
Brain fried so to clear my brain I have to kick it off with Jerry Springer.
Omg I know! RT : Can't wait to see the pics!
Pagan or not, us in the Northern Hemisphere of Earth can look forward to more sunlight. If you're in the Southern Hemisphere, Happy Fall!
How was it tonight?
haha how's that hickey?;)
Today was a bad day, but, you know? you make me smile in the bad moments. thanks chirstian:)
Gah! Can't sleep!
Yeah, I should have mentioned that in my original tweet.
Today's Trivia: What was the first manufacturer of black dolls? log on to www.americanlegacymag.com to find out!
Good thing I'm sober because my cousin sure the hell is not... Ooohh family weddings
I hope all Nassau employees and their families enjoyed the 3rd Annual Peter Cottontail’s Egg Hunt which was exclusively funded by donations.
is one of our favorite clubs to play at! Made our trip to Montreal perfect! Can't wait to sing there again in the future...
Still on the subject of ladies being trained as practitioners of health...
Do you agree? RT : Never feed a post player until he calls for the ball! -Hubie Brown
Mineral water> purified water> spring water
hey Lala how was your easter?! :) also when will you be in NY?!
I agree. I too miss the stylings of The R.O.C., originality at it's rawest.
Right?! I also have a Jewish mother... She alternates between wanting grandkids & me going to Hell in 2 religions.
They arent that great
haha its never my fault for anything
Thanks for tweeting that link!
I'm watching a guy try and get his car unlcoked with a coat hanger. Bum way to start the week by locking your keys in the car.
It's ok to call me a social media computer freak - so is Bill Gates & Mark Zuckerberg. haha
Of course I decided to go to bed and I get the hiccups. Universe you never in messing up my sleep schedule.
About to cry
Tampon Ben Kingsley
People lie about the most trivial shit.
About to go tanning with my baby! I love that he tans with me, haha :)
Wouldn't doubt it. RT : still think mariano rivera could strike kevin youkilis out despite the torn acl.
We should still play a show sometime... Our schedule is still dick-fuck busy right now, but our powers must combine soon...
I know. I hate scalpers. I hate ticketmaster too!
NBA ALL THUG TEAM who is the starting line up?
“: 94-year old billionaire dude is marrying for the 5th time, and wants 5 or 6 more kids! That's living life!” I would!
how many kittens are you taking home today?
Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand
"Damn the guys that follow you are hot!" In the words of my best friend ester lmao.
Discouhnt expires THIS Friday! Register at www.smartgridiqpc.com
Rams signed him about 5 hours ago
"burger comfort" haha
Thank you Pres. Obama-- for taking stand on same sex marriage! <3
oh COME ON
On the road heading back home. . Looking forward to getting in the studio this week
Kudos for your definitive statement! I'm not so bold - there's at least 1 perfect movement for every shade of emotion.
Great #Brewers commercial with in it haha definitely
Teachers think we have no lives and all the time in the world -.-
who ever invented antibiotics..HIGH FIVE ! feeling like
puttin in work for my studio session on friday
Packing, sorting for tonight's flight. Want to carry some books but not enough room. "Rest Is Noise" or "2666"?
lets have phone sex
Busy, busy, busy!
Sounds like a good idea for a compilation.
and you picked something classy like American Pie? *how are we related?*
i'm really excited! just nervous at the same time because i'm a perfectionist & i don't want to miss opportunities and stuff.
“: Giant SUV, windows up, buncha folks smoking cigs inside. Open up, oh, a 6 year old too! Ignorant fucks. Poor kid.” Hate that!!
All White party next weekend time to get what I am exactly going to wear...
Directioner Forever <U+2764>'(: always dedicated to Ian , Barry , Hughy, Kyle & Wayne ;D
How often do you post on social media on the weekend?
Spend time with family when home, not the shredder... Call A1 Shredding to schedule an appointment... Best prices...
Yeah but you said most. Which is a lie because almost all of us aren't "Annoying".
Heading out to Tonic Ball tonight?? Stop by and see us! Open til 8p!
Goals? Dm me
It's raining. Can't decide whether I want to go to sleep, listening, or to go outside in it, dancing.
McCain's response to HBO 'Game Changer' similar to Dr. Frankenstein pleading to the pitchfork and torch bearing villagers about his monster.
u know it! The big three can suck it!
Current question is for : Is providing a smooth purchasing experience easier for large chains or small businesses?
Followed ya!!
Hey anyone interested in getting together in LA to discuss a big knit project I am trying to pull together.
The official Hierosonic website can now be accessed via .com, .net, and .org addresses.
Please check me out. If you have any more questions, post them on my Fb and I will answer personally. Thanks!
SPOT LED LENSER CONTEST :: What award did the X21 just win this year?
Me too that be a fun job to name them RT : I love the fun names for nail polishes too.
Apologies go out to anyone who recieved a message re: Name change ! There is no name change to JADES ESPRESSO...
Yup. I just have to tell myself that I'm getting paid to do it their way, ya know? It's just frustrating at times.
wearing black >>
Jewbots? RT : No love for the bots?! Autobots like Optimus Prime, enjoy tweeting too you know! Except on the sabbath.
Thanks! Let me know what ya think! :D
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the British ship Oreto left for the Bahamas, where she would become the CSS Florida.
Was this Kentucky's toughest road to the final four?
city of la just announced $16M bike share program w
I will be in Scottsdale March 16-18!! Get ready friends and fam!
we may come by if it's not crowded
Thanks for still reading us, Randy.
Scooter Decks Review RAZORJDBUG - razor ultra pro
since he is so patient with her she loves him to death but she sometimes invades his space but overall he is very considerate of her
i love my hubby Ezequiel!!!
"Dioramas, Dinosaurs, and the Occasional Odd Penguin" www.notesfromaglobalperspective.blogspot.com
KinectBot can detect nearby people and track their movements to understand where they want it to go.
I've found that most people use the terms interchangeably. Moving them to a taxonomy that tries to distinguish them will be tough.
I LOVE IT! :D
My grandma calls them 'bag-uhls.' It's a 'bay-gle.' I've seriously never heard anyone pronounce bagel phonetically before.
You have a lot of company.
Madonna's lip singing just isn't doing it or me. Has there ever been a decent half-time show?!
WOW! I guess he could have said L.A.
Library websites tend to be stitched together like frakenstein because of all of many products
Hey sweetie how your day so what you been up too I hope you have a great day
I almost forgot to wish everyone a Happy #CriminalMinds Day...And we know we're guaranteed another year of Happy Wednesdays! YIPPEE!!!!
Any thoughts on Twin Cities companies offer internships for local students? Student is from China, looking for TC marketing internship...
at sand island beach park.
We unloaded two kilns of majolica bowls in Lisa Orr's studio on Mon. Beautiful results! Thanks, Lisa, for letting us use your studio.
NY Resolution List: 1) smile at strangers more.
Oh yes!
Bringing the fam to RT : Where are you spending this evening - the biggest bar night of the year?
have fun
I swear every girl has a Starbucks addiction...
babe that sucks. Try drinking a bottle of liquor. U can take my word, it works. Lol
Join us tonight for late night happy hour & the music styling of Great White & The Captain (though the Capt. is stuck in Vegas) at 10pm!
unfortunatelhy we can't do it... Too many ropes to jump through.... Sorry Michelle
dear god, can you imagine a brontosaurus fart? It would knock you over!
dude im still laughing lmao wow
is too tired and won't talk to me
Hey there !! Thank you for hanging in there with Kevin! So appreciate all the support. Hope you have a great weekend!
Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them.
lmoa ima insert like a coin in the casino
Physical attraction is an important part of love but when relationship is dependnt on physical love alone problems will grow
Would be cool though. And Lee's "theory" would crumble.
Everything begins with a thought. Fitness is no different.
If you find another 24 hours, can I borrow a couple of them?
even the ones with the charming animal mascots?
Omg. Im OBSESSED with Temple Run.
Good for you!
I love how no one seems to realize they're on a TV show and happily discuss their "secret" hiding places.
Exodus 14:14 The LORD will fight for you; you need only to be still. NIV Be Encouraged!
loved fantasy & reality. got me to thinking (standard scoring, pick 2): caddy, shonn greene, MJD, and/or jahvid best. Thnx!
Got u send us a website
Unfollow this page... Now and follow my new page
you never would have guessed that we were such crazy rebels but now our true colors have been revealed lol
can't wait for Millie's sausage and other amazing food this weekend!
Crazy - I literally pick by names. RT : I'll Have Another - props to who called the exacta in
RT : It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go. ~ Jim Rohn...
well I try but I just don't have a ride.
Have a productive week it is almost mid month. Blink and Feb is gone. Mondays rock when you plan accordingly.
A2: I use social media for connection & info - am writing an entire blog article based on info fr tweets one day. Great contacts.
Second student, Sanhita Dey, supporting libs. Points out museums & galleries have changed and so have and can libraries.
and I get to practice some of those manager skills :) I can thank Brenda for fighting to make my position as strong as it is.
Nice. Safe travels.
It's safe to drive. It usually just means one of the electronic sensors has reported something.
is going to rehearsal tonight...leave the baggage at the door!
mi love chocolate
it's also a case of idle hands makes the devil work. You are right, they are about to go in on him
Planning trip to #Miami for bachelorette weekend. Ideas anyone?
I'm trying to find the will to get up and row as I've done most mornings for the past 18 years. My want of resolve today is troubling.
Museum of Science in Boston, McAuliffe-Shepard Discovery Center in Concord, NH and Connecticut Science Center in Hartford
that's all you had to do for lifegaurd? I had to tread water for 2 minutes, swim 200 yards, & go get a brick 10 ft underwater.
Woo hoo! Thanks for the shout out & try our new happy hour menu - hint, carnitas street tacos are ridiculously good!
Robin,Thanks! My Monday was great even though it involved a funeral. I got to see a friend off & reconnect with old friends
Hey I heard you like the wild ones
LOL of course you would~
thanks to everyone for supporting Bloodycheckers !!
You got the Tonic? I got the Fifth. I'm not at the liquor store, I'm rehearsing w horns. Return to the 3rd.
Sam from The Glee Project is so HAWT i love his hair
I'm looking for an agent who will pitch me, who will follow up my auditions with a phone call and really pitch me! I work hard, promote lik…
sorry, actually what you mean to your friend?
Yeah luv u & there is nthin i cn do re it. its like suicide candy.. im in a drk ally a blind ally, only yr the 1 who cnt see...
I am afraid what would happen if we entered that store together. I'm an enabler....
What time is rally tomorrow? and myself thinking about attending.
Working with Mr. Blood, building sound cues for "Sweetest Swing in Baseball." Big recording session this weekend for music Qs.
Impressively it was!
Recommended Book "Changing on the Job" by JB Berger - the book to ready on Developing Leaders for a Complex World
I herd some mexican lady tell her kid, chamaco pendejo! Lol
Thanks! Happy Thursday!
Don't talk about it...Be about it
Hell yeah! Peepers!
When the woman falldown, the man help her up
you should come great shopping, great food lots of fun people ! Hope to see you there :)
Heading to Kaiser for code for oakland today! Calling #code4oakland as
THANKS! shot with iphone4 & olloclip macro
Wheelwright on WR coach Zach Azzanni: '“He stuck with me, tried to contact me every day and we talked a lot. I really like that about him.”
Watching Ninja Warrior for the first time with with my mouth just hanging open. I need a BenGay rub down just watching them.
Right Wing Craziness. 'nough said
call em on that. :p
It is some UGLY ppl in that pulpit behind TD Jakes!
6.8. who knew ternary matching was so difficult?
I love to break up with guys while I'm on Xanax. That shits hilarious.
Lmfao bro, you're a lucky one
lol. Probably not. Most of my crap is for my wedding or my house. LoL.
Yeah Social Mondays at Stanton Social. Come thru!
I feel like would be a huge B-52's fan.
My papa just killed a spider w/ his bare hands, EWW!
of course
watching the Danny Brown documentary after school today...
I'm Tryna get beside u like the number 9, Dyme :)
Sycamore Land Trust seems 2 B working hard to B a reasonable advocate for Southern Indiana conservation issues, nice gathering 2nite - - JDG
pretty please, its for my mummy, its urgent ..
Want to work at Pinkberry? Pinkberry #NOLA is holding auditions tonight at 7 at 4034 Tchoupitoulas. Hope to see you there!
the BBTF Cocktail party currently has a WAIT LIST for an invite. Send Name/Company/Title to
Sponsors Tom Massey, Millie Hamner pitch efficiency of using multi-state tests, value of comparability with other states.
Sunshine state!
I'm in love with Buffy, I have every season plus special edition DVD, as well as a life size cut out
I would like to please please mentor
That sounds delicious! Are you and the fam out enjoying this gorgeous day!?
Okakura Kakuzo~ The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.
haha true. Sister's wedding had me a bit distracted but I'm back in action!
I love you sm your beautiful
might have to watch desperate housewives to see what all the fuss is about.
Always a fan of new beers. Mariners suck.
Okay! Sounds like a plan! I'll message you my number of you don't already have it.
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 3
It was more of a collective "we." I have a cap, too!
there are just so many great books out/coming out! I can't help it!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>happy mothers day to you mon.. Enjoy it and be safe <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><U+270C>
I was just thinking about posting that 1st one on here but I thought you might die.
I should've quit my job(s) and joined this week.
Be sure to check out a Moosehead game while you're in Halifax.
Nice to meet you, too! I'll be thinking about possible collaboration ideas.
maybe if we lick all the nacho off, and somehow extract the spices of cooler ranch, we could put them together?
Waiting waiting waiting. For the big manning announcement!
I don't get what the 'disclosure' would be about NBC or CityBeat. Shea reference seemed gratuitous. Who tweeted that?
I BEG YOUR PARDON?!?!?!
Man just when i thought it wasn't going to work out the Lord showed up right on time. smh at my lack of faith
Man. Two birds makes for a stoned one. One being me.
Why have you replaced what used to be great Milwaukee-style humor with nothing but lame, potty-mouth rants?
Been watching a classic WWE DVD I got from Half Price so that helped. Been productive but still not right.
And I have like the cutest bathingsuit ever !
Working on business plan for a new company. Need developers for website! Contact me!
damn u bird!
Cheeseburger in Paradise! Jimmy Buffet.
yes! #glee is on tonight finally a high im my low.
“: I have 25 students in my Geometry class ... NINE of them didn't bring a pencil to our test today.” can u graph that ratio?
listening to the walkmen for a while was a good re-charge before the post game festivities tonight
Maybe rather than complain about the color, players should really focus on surface quality. This mess could damage careers
I understand y when some people are diagnosis with certain conditions y they don't become kinder but meaner due to their frustration
We'll be at #bxd10 too!!
Are you a Man? Be sure to Follow to prove it! Great, Funny and Interesting tweets all day!
A lot of things happening stay tuned to our Facebook and Myspace! Also spread the word about us!
This time Thursday I'll be in Cabo with a glass of wine in my hand ... Or perhaps a tequila.
Boeing will fly astronauts to the International Space Station aboard a new private spaceship as early as 2015
...would like to travel through the minds of Aaron McGruder Takashi Okazaki and right now.
How do you get a day pass to the pool? This sounds like an awesome summer day plan... :)
There are people who have money and people who are rich. -Coco Gabrielle Chanel
happy birthday ! love you with all of my heart, have a a great day<3
I'll bet watching a bookseller trying to do proper double entry accounting is like seeing a monkey attempt...double entry accounting.
True, he likes the heat <U+E105> RT wade been gettin cooked all night tho
Members of the public from the City of Fremont are giving comment at Commission meeting.
Are you going to pay $300 for the new LeBron X?
My name's kevin! I'm gonna follow you! I'm gonna follow u on Facebook! I'm gonna follow you on twitter
so true!
ONE THING IS ON THE RADIO NOW?? Since when! Damn my not listening to the radio... :/
O... yay! Can't wait to meet you!!
My dad, always bribing me to do the right thing c:
Games actually count today, best of luck to everyone and stay healthy
They don't know 'bout me and you!!
Despite all the Google+ updates, viewing links in mobile Safari still results in too many redirects.
Pacers head to MIA to #BeatTheHeat and Andy Pettitte makes his return to the Yankee line-up. Today is going to be a great day.
#FridayReads is MIDNIGHT RIOT (apa RIVERS OF LONDON) by Ben Aaronovitch. So far, quite witty & intriguing.
I love Hostess cupcakes.Ok i said it , What a friggin unfunny person i am!!!????
My 5,000th tweet goes out to this kick ass night I'm finna have with this live music. *Rhythm And Blues Shawty
living in the UK is so not dope
ugh indeed. Internet is now right up there with potable indoor water for me.
Kowirth Designs. All your Web and Graphic Needs. Follow them
LOVE IS UNPREDICTABLE
that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom, and that gov't of the people by the people and for the people shall not perish
I can be your tan-legged Juliet, you'll be my redneck Romeo, oh baby you can find me in the back of a jacked up tailgate.. #cmafest2012 aahh
Omg, please don't tell me Battiste is full man...that's gonna hurt my heart lbs.
When do you think you'll have decision on postponement?
lol that was so weird.Not sure why but right after I tweeted u,I got retweeted by "Lover" from Seoul,South Korea lol
I miss the #usguys chats too! I've been doing all sorts of things and less chat
don't get an attitude with me kido.
Hank Aaron is speaking at Marquette's commencement ceremony. This is the one time where I am remotely envious of that school.
Missed on that type....2-19 for Miller and Gallo.
Good morning! Today is our first day of school~ Best of luck to all of our students!
Big meeting tomorrow official Havnot b-nezz
LET'S GO SIXERS!!!!! this is a nail biter.
I'm a fail lmao .__.
Hey guys go follow my girl she is awesome !
Where have you been all my life
So excited that other #KC tweeps are on #seatweetup!
He Said Billy Looks Like Him :O -___-
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson <3
"Three gumballs is way too many." -, after stuffing his face with gumballs
dale papa
Got Sonic?
: We’re glad you enjoyed our Grand Opening last week! Please share your photos!
Whoa! #margincall is out! Happy Christmas for me... And a friend or two!
Blasting down I90. Impromptu Saratoga Springs road trip.
What da hell is so funny
“: i work very close with hm...maybe?” I work for a diabetes supplier. We will Co-Support!
any openings in your agency frank? :)
So much for being the perfect couple I put in overtime, I was working doubles I wish you the best, good luck boo Weezy F, for f-ck you'
Celebrating Timothy Christian Schools' 100th Anniversary at the Field Museum. Awesome.
i miss it too. & i didnt get judged back then
RT : Scrub-a-dub fundraiser June 24 at CleanPro Detail in Bear DE. Car Wash and drive for baby bath supplies!
I swear to god, next person to tell me what I'm doing is wrong, I am going to beat the shit out of them!
Week -- Triangle Restaurant Week is this week! Dine out in Raleigh, Durham or CH and support CIS!
are your replies to people staged?? reply to me to show me they're real!!!!! <3 u kardashians!!!!!
What, you don't have all minute? :)
Agree. Just felt protagonist in MIDDLESEX was stronger and more complex than the ones in TMP.
Okay, I Believe You but My Tommy Gun Don't.
At Taco Bell in Medina with my daughter and three of her friends
Heat win and Tressel resigns....At least Snakes on a Plane is on FX!
I have no idea what I'm doing
classically crazy!!!!
You know what the new Spotify widget means? More mixtapes at Culture Brats. Mwahahahaha...
In ONE hour LIVE at the Living Room presented by (N Miami Ave/40th St) on ’s piano
playing new trier today! get pumped ladies, let's keep up that undefeated streak!
they dnt gave them any more !!!!!!!!
How fun! Love him.
If I ever get a tattoo, it's going to say "I'm hungry" because that's the only thing I know will still be true in 50 years.
Tune into FOX 6's Real Milwaukee at 9 a.m. to see organizer, talk about #slutwalkmke!!
Yes...all the time...TONS of comments! :-)
Or raising the price of anything by 700% negatively affects its sales. Either way.
I'm Making Money Now Waddup!!
May 16th at 8pm I'm at The Palm Beach Improv for a huge comedy contest if you want to get in FREE let me know!
we've got 4 questions for you: 2. Imagine the best possible Charlottesville. Describe it.
oh boy. Well...at least it wasnt like freezing in front of 200 prospective students!
haters make me famous
Heading back to the "bubble"
Good morning. *hiccup
Im too tired... this old lady is going to bed
coffee received
best updates by far...
Where u off 2?
From the GYM straight to the pizzeria o IT'S TRUE THAT'S HOW I GIVE IT UP
Guess there's a solution to every problem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
YUP! Funny how Soriano is getting all that $$$ and DRob is way better
Hi! We're performing next door to you on 5/4 & venue lacks rm for our casual reception afterward. Might Nubar work for us?
Last day of a raffle for a gently used die-cutting machine. Interested? Email . Winner will be picked tomorrow!
just a reminder the Verizon campsite is best!
Thanks for the follow!
., rodeo, and tonight at Count. Me. IN. Who else is coming out for that?
Is it possible to run 100+? great, I will look around...where would I look? Thanks!
thank you and followed. make sure to send me an email with your favorite songs!
I'm hungry. Where is dwayne???
listening to pandora?
Thx 4 connecting! For free 30-minute nutritional breakthrough session, contact me: www.eating4achieving.com. Best, Irene
Think win-win
lmao yeah. I'm kinda known as a bad ass :P
Alright, get ready to feel. Going to see MTC's Wit tonight!
retweet 2night its going down 50cent coronas&wells till12am special guest Fat Joe afterparty, corona n concert giveaways
#FF for top notch photos ( and tons of info about photography )
Could you please record younow if you can? Because of the time difference it will be like 12pm and i have tests all day,<AB
Every viral video of "kid doing cute/funny thing in car" makes me cringe from seeing how horribly they are buckled in.
Bro you always writing dem naked ones lol
MIDDAY POLL: Apple Juice or Orange Juice?
hahaha so true now that you say that. Re: Redford and Pitt
My streak of not having a valentine is still in tact. I dont know why im $uch @ b3 qu33n.
I HAVE MIND DO YOU HAVE YOURS.
RT : I gonna think about that one!! U not touching this 100% pure Chocolate man
Watching people watching footchball is my idea of fun
Archery lovers, and newcomers, too, test their skills - The Register-Guard
Bridal event saturday. Loads of brands and some other vendors at Sephora Union Square in NYC!!!!!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Why can't I spell tonight? I feel like a dumbass with my tweets not making sense >.<
Dodgers record not including today. 10-3.
“: Hang with people who lift you up, separate from those who take you down” amen! F*$k the rest.
Forgive me all, especially : "Aeneid"
is a jet's pizza employee...
Thanks so much for the follows!
It seemed obvious to me at the Sr. Bowl that Dalton lacks the prerequisite arm strength/zip needed to succeed.
Only midnight and we have a full house!! We keep the party going!!
The real life version of the family from "The Fighter" is on my train right now. I think I can make it 3 more stops...
wow, still $109 million less than the broadway production ;)
i meant play Baseball haha sorry
Nice to hear from you How are you?
Sure, I'll hop on
There are going to be times when you don't have access to a guitar. Like when you're handcuffed. - Michelle Shocked
Thanks for the shout out on the posters. Glad you like them. Maybe we make a out of one!
don't even tell you know he's mine. You get Harry.
I was really hoping for a Zeller-free NCAA. Thanks for nothing.
my hair needs to grow longer!
Mom just let me get my license already
Happy #EarthDay everyone I am at my way to #San diego earth fair. Come and celebrate this day with us at balboa park
Idk if there is anything I hate more than horoscopes. And the people that tweet them.
"I'm not an issue. I'm a person" -lance Mullins. "the risen Christ comes to us as a person not a dogma or a theology" -Campbell
...and after Lebron passed, who was the ball going to?
Same here, but my motto is simple: I'll sleep when I'm dead. lol.
you already know polo all day hima u cant get fresh like me cause u dont have a girl well sorry to hear that
Football game tonight (:
The best of times
": The next free day for Illinois residents is this Wednesday, April 11."
bullshit that he blew it dead anyway.
but then we'd be
Recent survey shows 72 percent of patients bleed during dental cleaning, signaling an open wound & pathway to infection. www.closys.com
Thanks guys! I promise you Maria will show her soft side soon!
And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success. --Og Mandino
The Time Is Now, Fuck All That Waiting Nigga.
Welcome back
ehhhhh u can find a better use for your time lol.. like by watching Reservoir Dogs or He Got Game!
Sure. What's on your mind?
I always wanna get my work out/run in the morning to get it over with but my hair is always a damn mess.. Oh well hello neighbors! *waving*
The River SDSU Dream Team is awesome!!! Just got done with a leadership meeting, love these guys!!!
RT : Hey folks- Now updating #mybxb list of promising online community news sites! With big help from See at...
the people at #Days were fools for letting them go... It still upsets me, & I haven't even watched the show in 6 weeks or so.
starts around 11 I think..If have internet access now look it up on programming!
I wish i had a boyfriend, the stars in the mountains are so beautiful tonight it would be better to share them with someone.
you will fall in love at UNT by knowing us.
everyone is beautiful<3 boom.
Sunday Haiku: Dog pooped in tub / Power outage is real / I'm sweating on couch. cc:
WOWZERS. That felt like forever to follow everyone back... But it's done... So.. Who likes ? ;D
Warren will counter with photos of she and Obama at her tribal council MT O includes Obama in positive way in new ad
Aww, bummer: The Blue Cross RiverRink is closed this evening due to the weather. (Am I the only one wishing this rain was snow!?)
Need some kush
Omg so happy glee is making a mash up of my 2 fav songs by the best singer Adele "Rumour Has It" and someone like you awesome
Of course! What can you tell me about Meltwater and how you're different from competitors?
That face!
Have you made your calls yet?
": #WaysToGetWomenMad ; throwing a surprise welcome home party when she returns to the kitchen" omg why is this so funny
The internet made alternative realities possible in an age right on the edge of yesterday's shelter and today's zoo. O schizophrenia.
Its hot As hell today.. DAMN
Nice job on latest Vista. Captures the college experience I remember choosing: challenging expectations on every front.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to starting this summer!
Constantly clearing my throat. Allergies, begone!
uh no I saw one before... at the zoo lol
#wheniwaslittle i would have my barbie dolls fuck eachother.
The right thing to do when you become an icon in your field is to pay tribute to the legends before you.
Should have known anyone I let close to my heart will just end up leaving me behind.
I wonder if Twitter will eventually get British & Canadian people to drop the extra "u" in certain words.
I'm doing great :D hbu?
on the bright side I am planning on coming this year!
Game of Thrones on HBO...phenomenal show! Explicit violence, sex and murder! Must: be accompanied by a parent or guardian if you're under 55
How much do you spend per lb. on grass fed/finished ground beef?
I don't know what's up with me giving handshakes to everyone in my school.
Life is a gift. Never take it for granted. -Sasha Azevedo
7th hour being an hour << I refuse to sit in the courtyard for an hour
Considering Spotify upgrade, if only to avoid jarring juxtaposition of "The Best of George Strait" ads with listening to Daft Punk.
Random stat: over 16k hours of on Digital Audio Tape so far from 33 organizations in the American Archive Inventory
on our way. Save a seat for a sconnie (tm)
- nice! How often do players get to draft? I wants to get up in the dribbblez!
Junk is something you've kept for years and throw away three weeks before you need it. - unknown
Excited about Opening Day! I can't wait to hear John and Suzyn call the Yankees game on the way home. Can't believe I just wrote that.
you're so gay
Wow the Baltimore orioles and 19 and 9 buckshower has got them birds playing
How are you today?;)
Enjoying and on !!!
just brought a copy of 1993's "Curiosities" to CD baby for digital distribution.
Your professional network was outdated as of this morning. What have you done today to keep your network growing and vibrant?
The Gustav Potthoff exhibit moved to the Maple Room because of wind. Come meet the artist at 12:15, refreshments will be provided.
be ready for pancakes & maple syrup + hot X buns! shame won't be here in time to come too
sorry I missed it, next time!
when is the science lab due ?
Big Bang Theory marathon on my dvr :)))
text me!
let do the interview
Digital picture frame set up...now to see if I can keep Eli's curious little hands off of it.
Come by Madison No Fear Dentistry tonight for our Halloween Candy Buy-Back Program! The event is from 4-6pm & benefits Operation Gratitude!
Mascot Tip #20: Restrict the length of session to 20 min in costume. Then get away so you can take off the head and relieve heat. owly/9TlHf
Where will lance teammates come from for his new team?
really rachel and finn are getting married.... oh glee! this is crazy!
U better #dress up cuz I don't want to be the only one looking
...stays safe tonight. Last tweet got cut off
Im a Packer fan so go Steelers.
"He is so dumb, he thinks an agent is someone who keeps track of your age!"
Related: When you put melted chocolate on ice, it will not stay melted.
are you still looking for new artist? i send them tracks to you soundcloud can i have your email address
thanks for r the shout-out!
The fact that we partied til the sun came up is just... =/ Horrible life decisions were made lol...but for real =(
#stophateiJever and star loving he #peace&love :D
You're like dandruf, I can't get you off of my head.
Chris sucks my boob. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Get your Echo1USA guns ready! Contest in a bit!
if you have an iPhone check out the vocabsushi app-lets you learn vocab from books... Incl frankenstein! Perfect for your quiz
whoa awesome moose
so I'm waiting on my music from hope I get some when I get to NY
Didn't Vinny say he was going to Cali in May?
waiting in LAX for plane - painful
I remember :)
yu are at times
I follow them now!
FX! Just went to halftime
Its game time... Who you got
congrats!! happy to see you stay in detroit
I need to learn the twitter lingo...
partially because of fear but mostly because no one thinks u important enough to listen to in real life. So, u attack cause thats
thanks for the follow
So I lasted 24+ hours not tweeting.. That's a long time, I'm done avoiding twitter. Just gonna move on with life.
Corpser...I do not want to face you.
I can't believe you didn't know that!
Happy Opening Day, Tribe fans! With you at Progressive Field in spirit!
wtf are you talking about
Cool video, but I don't see why it would cause me to purchase from VZW. From Google, it's GSM, unlocked, and no contract.
I will be at Monroe & Dearborn on Thursday at 1:30.
Aw, i wish i cared more about some things ........... SIKE !
and to think Disney channel thought about this years ago!
Am I the only man that has a tuff time choosing between ass & titts
Learned a new rear delt exercise today. Lovin the new burn!
Great! Follow me back and we can DM on logistics!
This is how we grow.
all I can say is DAMN it was right to him... Let's go TEBOW
thank you :)
“: Wait till you see the idea I infused with your golden eye for our 7inch!! Sooki sooki <U+E050>” 2 easy to play w/ those words
no its not. Are you retarded? Kobe has 5 rings. He doesn't have to play another lzick of bball to close his historic legacy
RT : Thank you and for coming down all the way from Jacksonville & showing the FFYR love!
yup :) me and my friend have a joke where whenever someone says "you" we say "Darvish"
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
is just to sexy!!!!
With smart group to talk biz challenge of social. More discussion needed here (the economics)
Hi All, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
Museums - what Social Media platform do you like the best to get the word out about your site, your programming, your collections?
We've been demanding a cure since the 80's. Unfortunately, we haven't gotten that much need break through yet. It will happen.
GO AHEAD. nerf guns dont hurt.
i'd try to be nicer... but i already tried that! :P #fixmystuff!
just found a picture of me and at the christmas market in rome... totally miss that.
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
#LakersorThunder Belief: Thunder in 5. Statistically: Thunder in 6
Im just sayying...you can doo better
ikr I always say that before sleeping..
Nighty night! Over and out..
Never meant for things to be this way, but I can't blame anyone but myself.
ugh, so much. I hate that commercial
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to stop cutting kinda.
Started reading "Little Brother" today cuz Amie told me to.
FUCK!!!! GUESS WE CLOSE IT OUT ON SOUTH BEACH
Who wants to give me sum advice?
thank you!
Here we go
This guy across from me at the bar is on a date. Every three seconds I'm treated to a billowing and boisterous fake laugh at her jokes.
#wakeboarding in the morning #discgolf in the afternoon!
I am all for a imagery monopoly in the United States if the spy satellites are declared a public good and provide information for all
So...I'm bored is anyone on if so what do you want to do? :) ~Ashley
decor shoot. Very cool mystery themes atmoshpere.
Yeah, I gots work to do. Gotta go do promotion for my last 3 shows!
Working on dad's obituary...still hoping this is just some awful dream. Yeah.
I never want my camera to start making decisions for me. I love my camera, but it doesn't get a vote.
This school is full of jits I swear
Hey people! <3
Sitting Here B O R E D As Freak ! What You Doing !
#Pinerly is going to be great for people using as a social media tool. You can create campaigns and see real time analytics.
Got a case of the Mondays? We have a cure! Use promo code SOCIAL12 for 12% off your next #SweetJack purchase!
Have to get used to updating this thing. Sorry, I'm new to this.
Nick u r something to be talked about ur the "BEST"!!!
I don't think theres been a Michigan, Colorado, Penn State, or TCU players either...
after all they've been through would be a shame to give this one away...
R.I.P. Vidal Sassoon dead at 84
- where is this playing?
Thanks for the support and your RT!
oh and stuff on the Brighton campus too.
Keeping coverage on the minds of CA legislators at CCHI Day at the Capitol.
Enjoying the beautiful weather
going out with my dad & sister ^_<
THERE IS A REAL TORNADO TOUCHED DOWN ON LAND 20 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME. SOMEONE HELP WTF
How about the Prince and the Pauper with #TeaParty and #Occupy?
Lunchtime at Kings Southern delight in Mount Vernon
Ranger game with talkin smack about aka tha Mexican aka baby seal
"Where all my REAL niggas at?!" ...um, at home listening to REAL music. Thanks and goodnight.
Thank you!!(:
The clues that an Alexandria robber leaves after striking 3 times in one place. Details on ABC7NEWS at 5pm.
It's alot of fun watching the Lakers getting crushed. I wouldn't mind another blowout at all.
MPT Cole gives credit to CMGR Ott for effort to push Imagine Austin project.
lmao he never talks about weird shit in our class...I half wish he would lol better than what I have to sit through
She say she fucking with me the long way
Broken is a great place to start over, not give up.
Game of Thrones starts tonite. WooHoo!!
The rematch is on. This race is starting to look a bit like Rocky 2 guys...
What are you writing and why should anyone read it?
It's not how much money you make, it's how much money you keep.
he also has a criminal record.
Yea, we have had know power throughout the day. Light went off at king soopers were i work early this morning.
My BIRTHDAY DINNER TONIGHT @ HOOTERS BEHIND WOLFCHASE MALL @ 7!! If you wanna hit the loud b4 we go in , dnt come NO later than 8
and smith is going along for the ride! 1st stop, ATL!
Saturday Diary / One home improvement leads to the next ... - Pittsburgh Post Gazette
In Ballard, hanging (ok drinking) with friends Love Seattle weather today! Best to reach me via text msg, no guarentees I'll check the net
yep. 72 wouuld love that temp. its 78 here but feels hotter. of course oven doesnt help. lol
we've limited the Nov.18 #lrncampphx tickets for this event at 200. Goal is to sell out w/a waiting list. :)
Love how one of my docs walks in to have an impromptu meeting & I'm rocking out to Afrojack haha
Nothing more than cowards who hide behind masks and anonymous websites.
oh my lord. One of a kind
is looking forward to hopefully auditioning for roles on the television series Hawaii Five-0, Off the Map, and The Glades. Happy Holidays!
I will be at Fort Bragg with my love who is stationed in the Army there. I will continue Marketing/SM consulting.
Try taking your MV with a meal, some vitamins are taken up in the body better with fat
She's your GIRLFRIEND, she's going to hate every girl you talk to. Don't be surprised.
You tell the same stupid story. Everyday.
BEST feeling!
Thanks to our friends at for a great time at ! Cheers!
Hello, we have a special today on large subs. Get 1 free when you purchase one before 11AM
should follow me back <3
my hair is something today. something.
We are hiring! If you know someone that would make a great Spa Coordinator send them our way! Ask for Sharla!
What's the deal with deciding to unfollow people for me on its own? I don't understand how this keeps happening.
In the snow St. Louisian drivers are about as competent as Floridian voters.
that was embarrassing ..
“: If u can't c ur belt u need help lmao” #SwagLife Follow: &
We are meeting Alan and Cara later this morning at the IHOP in Flushing
ohh I c... That stinks
People: Jennifer Aniston a no-show to avoid John Mayer grilling?
Crunchers has a bone to pick with you.
...koool bro, all is well on my side too....i gotta get you on some hooks soon bro !
haha - im pretty sure you're right
that's great! not much going on here haha
Presumably monopolies in different cities would have to do some horse-trading to terminate in each others' cities.
: Most def! I heard a lot of the guys are going to the store before they head to vista & are getting water balloons...
that's SENATOR Boxer. She's worked very hard for that title.
Having to go to a track meet at 6:30 in the morning <<<
Yay my other package is coming today :)
"In proportion to the size of the vessel of faith, brought by us to the Lord, is the measure we draw out of His overflowing grace."
I know! That's why I was disappointed that no one picked up the phone.
yeah sure
WORD SCRAMBLE:This sci-fi film out this June stars Charlize Theron&Patrick Wilson as explorers discovering the origins of mankind EHUEMSTROP
follow back boo
Belisle just carved the shit outta the meat of #brewers lineup. Team seems very average rt now.
wants some beerz
Grand Turino always makes me cry.
Not much of a NASCAR fan but go Matt Kenseth
Cheers to that!
Who spends 1500$ at a gas station? And who at a gas station would let someone spend that much without sayin 'hey douche, you're a liar' ..?
Pumped to experience my first #SCProm with
it truly is.
After years of using chrome, this last update has sent me running back to Firefox. So slow loadin things. Wtf Google
Did you know our co-founder is a U of Michigan MT grad? Have any questions for her?
I'm feelin' drained, unappreciated, unalleviated.
awww my 2nd fav from #disney!!! after #littlemermaid ;D RT : Lion king movie time! This movie always makes me cry! Tear, tear
Another blessed sun shine day here in Jacksonville FL. Sometimes we forget how blessed we are with our negative news media.
Yeah I know, & it's hard to let go because I honestly don't want to take him out of my life like that. But if it has to be +
We bake our most popular cupcakes everyday! Including Velvet Painting, Lemoncello, Whats Up Doc, and many more! We also have vegan options!
#ShoutOutToo everytime I see her I think she's super cute ^_^ guys hit that........ Follow button :)
when are you coming back in chicago i want too see you and austin again it s was so much fun :D
I have to see if I can move one city over in a weekend. What the he'll is the score of the Miami Chicago game. Every one is under arrest.
Damnit D-Rob
My body is sore from working out faq!
AT A SHOOT W/ ..HAIR BY Me, MUA Is , nails by ,fashion by
Need some cash for summer? We have a job opportunity for you! Come in to the store ASAP and we will hire you on the spot!
I will take Manuch's place on the radio. I graduate very soon. Bye Manuch you were good, but now you have lost it.
Don't count the days, make the days count. ~Mohammad Ali
So I know I shouldn't judge others but if you do something really stupid I have to say something.
"What's the Doughboy Afraid of?" -- it's a great story
This year's Exceptional Woman in Publishing Award goes to founder of # WLC2011
Why my father is a Dodger fan - Jackie Robinson 6-time MLB All-Star, HOF 1962 & so much more than baseball!
that's bs. That's what I think. Everyone needs to be responsible, but we should have a choice.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Peace, Love, & Happiness....Have a Blessed Good Friday!
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Good job girls...
help me find a camera, and keep working on my website ;) Love ya!
If I had a million dollars to donate only to one cause/charity...I would give it to _______.
Amid Mountains Outside Beijing, Ruins With Romance
ok! Let's go. Lol
AJ Burnett???? Really 10Ks??? Where the hell was that when you pitched for the Yankees???
Good thing the diet is over, the veins on my biceps are sticking out, a bit too manly...
LibrariNerd: I had flashbacks to being mugged when a vendor blocked me from walking & his partner stood behind my shoulder. #sl ...
time to go to work
It's UC night at GABC. Every UK fan should be pissed. They haven't had UK night...
the Hub is hubbish!
Haha. What stories??
Wouldn't spend too much time thinking about it. After all, what does the Zooker know about title games or championships anyway?
Happy Valentine's Day to everyone. www.lindaswift.net
RT :Freddie Brown has agreed to terms with the Bengals and will be signing his contract later today-CONGRATULATIONS FREDDIE!
Hey, buddy. How's things?
But the press is 85% more likely to respond to press releases with zombies. I couldn't possibly lie about that.
It's 69 degrees in Denver and the Patio's at The Tavern are open! Come join us for some lunch in the sun!!
she was also the lady that helped me dye my hair green for years, so i think she has fluid expectations of appearances.
#followFriday Follow are the best!
Get through the dev ed requirements quickly so to gain the basic skills for success.
I paid for half of my phone, I had like $140 but my dad paid for the rest .
Ughh I completely agree ..I Love her :D
totally just failed at tweeting you so i'll try again... OMG DID YOU REALLY JUST WATCH NEW GIRL?! Glee was amazing, btw.
Let This MF'er Know It's Plenty Fish In The Sea
RT : Diet Coke and vodka females
game on fo sho. You in Illinois yet?
you really have problems... I love that
Swear the fam is rude.!
Marketers- My new review policy: 1. U send me stuff to review 2. I tweet how much I <3 your stuff 3. I sell your stuff unopened on eBay.
Count me in! ": let's try to die on wednesday !"
I don't have a hot tub... But I have a pool! You and the guys are invited haha (:
There are many forms of piggyback marketing, as you can find out by Googling the topic
Lemon now has a career high in receiving yards with (147).
I know!! I was like AHH! He's the 2nd out of the boys to get 3 million! :) :) I was so proud :')
Ameronica and palone will not lose here ! #LOCK Meadows
So basically, you're telling me to leave the office and open a bottle?
I'm still laughing at Harden throwing his elbow, slightly. He know he don't want it with that autistic man.
Ahh I want some nachos! :)
Waking up at 6 am tomorrow for this AP test.
i want to get a tattoo bhut im scared cuz it might hurt.....-___-
Guess what I get to listen to on the way to work this morning? Not CDs! Goodbye, ghetto, hello
I got CC and Gardner in my first draft last week. Felt good about that.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 25, 1950 George Richard Minot died he developed a raw-liver diet used to treat pernicious anemia. M, good!
Correction: the address is 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. Be there!
rightt rightt your funny you need to stop joking around :D
We are all robots, searching for a meaning. We are all robots, searching for a purpose.
That sounds incredible! Enjoy your #seder!
AP: Karzai says postwar agreement will seal 'equal partnership' between Afghanistan, United States.
Everyone's so full of philosophy and spirit on here..You make my day #lookin ass
Sorry but Batman is the only comic book character I like.
Have the love in your heart to donate a unwrapped toy to a child in need this year? Join our annual campaign to bring happiness to the...
Home safe and sound. That was weird.
xtina needs to set down that eggnog latte.
ONLY drink "water". No juice, soda, smoothie, shakes, or milk.
That awkward moment you fart thinking it will be silent but it isn't (.__.)
which would you rather "reading the most interresting book in the world?" or kicking back and relaxing to the sweet music of JDB !!!!! <3
RT : So, iTunes sales account for 4% of Apple's revenues. How much of that is iBookstore sales? Right.
Downtown Los Angeles; Major law firm needs 4-6 years of law firm experience in banking finance corporate transactional matters
Yep. Already been to twice with . The catfish was good!...I was surprised there's no Bank of America here!
I miss college
"How do you do them making love for the first time?" Director Bill Condon says of the making of "Breaking Dawn" ...........
Great day for yard work w/ the yard ready for the garden! Such a nice day in the NW!
22% Of customers are getting response via sm # naccm
V is preparing to roast a whole chicken. Me: "that's too much gore for me, I'mma go watch game of thrones"
Happy mothers day to all you muthas May it be wondrous and include French toast and French kissing too Except my mom that's just gross :))))
I'm looking forward to seeing you Wednesday night here in Orlando.
oh a possum? Eh not too bad then. There's too many of those rabies infested creatures anyways
hope you enjoyed your 'flash dance' today! Happy Early Birthday!
Can't wait til monday:) #oomf(:
There are still many that go unpunished. I'm sure you saw the doc film "Inside Job." All of those sociopaths are free.
Short shorts and a skin tight wife beater only works on cute girls or a marathon runner, not a fat 60 something guy.
Beautiful dawn I'm just chasing time again. Thought I would die a lonely man, in endless night
How can anyone not be a Burn Notice fan?
Mom: Sam what are you doing? Me: My homework Asian mother! Mom: Okay just don't disturb the neighbor. Me: Only you mom. Mom: What's "lol"?
I really, really wish we didn't have two airports. Every time I roll up to DFW, I half-expect to pull out my ticket and see Love.
To quote , "New Jerusalem / that's short for New Jersey" MT Broncos QB Tim #Tebow traded to New York
Props to anyone who made it through the walsh college meeting ...
I've prayed on it and taken steps towards it......let's see what happens
Let me squeeze those melons
nights when your alone and you just think about everything>>
that is devastating to hear. I'll be praying. Are they saying it was SIDS?
With danny at the Canal. Its so nice. Wearing my chacos
uh Maggie was a little more obnoxious but she wasnt like annoying I liked them both
hit my line
why was he in the outfield...?
Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and watch this space for proms news Jan 28th 2012
My #earnesttweet was too soon. The story will run soon, but not tonight.
proud to announce we'll be doing a feature on
I respect the people that don't give a shit what others say about them.
Cool! RT Posted another "Seen in the Wild" picture of Mobile Interface Theory. Here, taken by at a cafe in Portugal
Rebooted with no luck, happens on totally random sites. Maybe I need a digital exorcism.
Parents, what is your favorite thing to do with your children? Encourage them to #playfaithfully!
I really need to get off, I'm laughing at myself again.. See you tomorrrroww at SCHOOL
Am I the only one that noticed spin move with mop showing Lou how its done? Missed those dance moves so hope tour comes soon.
Needs a gym in the sandy springs/dunwoodyumc area for the with of june 18. Please email us if you have a lead. Thanks
you iz pretty
Cleaned and rearranged my room! :)
yeah. The ending is weird lol
Tomorrow...cant wait!
I was actually just thinking the same thing! Catch up soon.
My science teacher told me and Alisha to get a hotel room cause we were sleeping next to eachother? Lol alright if that's how that works
Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow! But beforehand we're trimming the fat! To those we've recently followed, please follow back! Or you're fired!
We have 2 shows in the works. 3/30 in MKE (bands/venue TBA), 3/31 in Appleton at Maritime Tavern w/ and & more
“: you got some good ones going!” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3>
Still so many places left on this world to see I hope to see you soon #freeWine is always nice
FYI Celtics; I'm locked-in to a family outing on Saturday. So there just CAN'T and WON'T be a Game 7. Finish it tonight....lol
Following that, we'll be doing episodes on serial killers, monsters, and finish off the month with a 2 part Romero-thon.
Great! RT : We should be live within the next couple of months, thanks for joining us! Have a great weekend!
too bad i think mustaches are sexy.
I hear #pizza #nurse #yogurt #cliffdiving #salsadancing but no #twitterfilming dates/locations =D
followed back ;)
Thanks for the follow; looking forward to sharing.
Fucking lying professors seriously how the fuck do you give a take hone final that is due in less than 4days
Mild? You've clearly never travelled on the underground during rush hour!
Stay at a fancy hotel in Beverly Hills for 1 night and use the rest on good food and wine in the country
Well, it certainly looks fun :)
bruh Ima stop in atlanta around the first week of June Lmao ur silly Kam
I don't believe it is.
Too much grape in my cran-grape this morning.
Anything Knicks rumors?
Enjoying the screen sharing features of latest version of Skype, Beta 4.1
so true. I am nicer. Deven just didn't know me back them. Fml.i don't wanna be a 5th wheel. #that'sawkward
May the 4th be with you...
Why are words so influential? Probably because their basically the only means we use
The Lannister's in has to be the weirdest family in the history of families, fictional or non-fictional.
great article!
Who knew Commissary was such a scene? What's a good, quiet coffee shop with Wifi in West Hollywood?
brandon marshall. he seems to live off of his natural talent/tools too often. I think the sky is the limit for him still.
when you're foot is asleep<<<< oMG
RT : niggas with parts n they hair # stop dat<--they think they nas
nothing what about u
Worth a stroll even!!! So many rabbits and eggs...
I wouldn't be surprised. They are amazing over there.
Francis Gurry, D-G of #WIPO at #InternetSociety #GlobalINET says voluntary registration of copyrighted material is indispensable for future
I want to get more tattoos. A krylon spray can
California has some terrific smells in it.
I'll need more time to work into modern art. Tell your mom to hold on for me!
We are excited to announce the Technology Fundraising Program sponsored by Lost My Debt.net, LLC. Visit rightdirectioninc.org for details
That would be great, thank you. We'd like to see some discussion of the major themes.
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
TC gonna be lame after my class leaves.
Next question: Which Steinbeck novel should I start with? Can I borrow one from you?
I actually have Butterflies in my stomach, I'm that excited. I'm a fucking geek.
Falling In Reverse Raised By wolves Video on repeat for the of the day(:
The Sun--just touched the Morning--/The Morning--Happy thing--/Supposed that He had come to dwell--/And Life would all be Spring!
My coworker thinks I'm dumb cause I wanna get a diamond in my ear. Lolololllll *shrugs*
Jada is right behind her though RT : Where are her parents? Who allowed this?
I really hope that men know just how hard women work!! We seem to have stuff to do every minute up till we close are eyes to sleep!<U+E105>
I'm barely on my way home <3 I love him
Don't you mean though he was a Quayle?
I tried to explain to her that its not as bad now as it was how ever many years ago but she wouldnt listen!!
okay. officially going to lose it. right now.
And I honestly do see the needs in between cause Im never satisfied wit what I got, thankful YES I thank God everyday
Thanks to all the people following my friends.
I try to be optimistic. RT : you didn't actually expect logic, did you?
Here a few quick tips I use to keep myself looking fabulous during the holidays.Get a Colonic - This helps cleanse your body internally givi
Thank you for your support!
#IWishYouKnew how much I miss the old you ...
i feel like im gooing crazy!! help!
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
Look at you John's(Elway& Fox) you should have heeded my advice and released the Tebow,now it's too late because Orton hears a boo...
This kid who got vd from putting a condom in his mouth he found on the playground is why I don't watch local news. fox7
Has anyone else been noticing the SPAM on Pinterest? How annoying! Is there nothing sacred?!?!
He voluntarily checked himself into alcohol treatment, and made it public. Not easy to admit, not easy to battle.
Lips are 100 times
My feet hurt, someone massage them for me.
Dilemma of cooking for holidays @ another house: 'Real Lemon' or no lemon at all? How does 'real' come out of a plastic bottle?
RT Tim Collins quietly having nice season for #Royals. 19/3 SO/BB, all four runs allowed came in one outing.
I wish I had one of those vibrating massage things. I sure would use it right now!!
where did you get this so called 'application". is it real? graduation i mean...haha
its disgusting how many episodes of man vs. food i could stomach.
My favorite time of the day is when I first wake up in the morning during those 6 seconds before my life catches up & hits me.
Fri 4/27 7-9p join me Zinc Bar 82 W 3rd St (Thompson and Sullivan).Hear my 2new songs.Sit,relax,hear indie artists produced by RAD.Free.
My mom is such a stupid bitch.omfg.
well u are always there
I'm totally using this.....
lol we looped the growl today in ADR. U could make some $ of that thing
Feeling like a Smart Worker! Thanks for a great session on Social Media and Workplace learning.
Yesterday our kitchen faucet stopped working. Apparently we upset the plumbing equilibrium in our house by getting the toilet fixed.
Want more outta life? Well ask yaself whats stopping ya then eliminate it
Thanks for the great tweets!
THX for all your support of EcoClean! We appreciate!
I want to be remembered as the guy who made everyone laugh and always crossed streets with confidence.
nice picture! <3it!
Host brings the best to #ScholarsThursday tonight. After 9 pm, we've got live music, poetry, trivia and great deals!
for my man but he's sellin out !!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Sir, I don't think that'll be necessary
me I luv <U+E219>
Hi Joe! Good to see someone else from #GSU on Twitter. I am in the ENGL Dept. Are you at the Exchange or CIS?
oh and thanks for following! :)
makes sense.
The waiting game is never good, especially in those situations. Hope all goes well!
BB: Eagles will face Friday at 10 am in Fond du Lac in an elimination game in the Tournament.
Taking care of multiple business meetings tonight, and having a GGC team meeting to get on track for the up coming months!
So apparently I'm way too old for week night Reds games. Feeling like I got hit by a truck this morning. #caffeine please!!
Thank you for the kind words, Paolo. We're very glad you enjoyed dining with us. Look forward to seeing you again.
Maybe Sunday..after b with the b..i'll drive around with some gummy bears in my pocket while "Yello" blasts from my ride.
Take note, its not long until this will be the same in the US -.-
Voltaire as a mentor: navel gazing that delivers, charming depth, disdain of dull people who take themselves too seriously.
You are so right. Especially something so amazing! Is it just tix or did she win the entire trip?
STAY STRONG <3
trying to send u a dm can you follow so i can do that?
"Love, Live, Life, Proceed, Progress" - Lil Wayne
I'm the beat glasses even Austin said so ;D
lolz its cool
rpm ! Ultimate Super AirSoft BB machine gun
ha, i do! :p i love finding tweeters on here that are from the same place as me. (:
Council now hearing further discussion on CREG Center and options.
no one MF get back to Chicago
yo u dropping 30 tomorrow b?
u can txt me but im not talkin bout it on here
Anyone else hear that irritating noise in the background like someone trying to dial a phone or something?
Guess what just passed me on The Embarcdadero...a unicycle!
Stunned by the disconnect between "language mavens," English teachers, and those trained in linguistics in language-related LinkedIn groups.
thank you! Happy new year to you! Hope it's a great one...
Clickbank Tips - Creating a simple affiliate promotion using domain forwarding
Juss had the best sushi ever
Sites It's not that EndNote drops accents if they're sent, but that often they're not there to import.
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...Stomp a bitch... you should never seek confrontation but sometimes it is what it is.
Mexican Beef Casserole Recipe This Mexican beef casserole couldn't be easier to make, and it's a real family-friendly recipe, too. With j
POLL: "#Porn and the : Should Public #Libraries BLOCK Porn on its Computers?"
Join us Tonight=) Village Inn, meet some great men & women 8pm Village Inn-PalmerPark & Academy free pie Wednesday
JUST GOT IT IN @ 11
Thankfully, I did my shopping and Acropolis climb first thing in the morning because the mid-morning cruise ship mobs ruined everything.
Static-X...if you don't like them, then change your mind.
Yay it's friday!!!
#ThingsIveLearned There is a lot of truth in a joke
BBQ 's
special huh lol
Love DD's smile.
the new season of sinqle ladies , may 28th ! they shulda kept stacey dash doe .
Looking fwd to sharing #LPC (O) Central Region #SWOT experience @ LPC(O) Exec Board in #Niagara Falls tomorrow
New smoker assembled. Fingers pinched in the lid. Blisters forming. I guess it's the price you pay for smoked meat awesomeness.
It's not too bad. I will walk you through it this weekend.
What the hell kinda time zone do NKOTB live, tweetin 4 hours ago ya'll get up before the crack of morn, way too early for this midwestrn bro
Hate to see the bats cool off, but a 4-2 mark on this roady heading to St. Louis isn't bad at all.
just wait imma text you like crazy.
that sucks man....I can lol
The work place demands less industrial and more innovative skills. Education much redefine rigor to retool and diversify the class
HENDERSON THE RUN KING (puns over accuracy)?
oh really & why is that ? I mean of course I'm "Mista Miracle" ;)
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either -- Leo Burnett
if you do ill give you a big huge nice hug ;-))))))
11/11/11 is a prime date for weddings! Know anyone getting married today?
Went in for a $30.00 oil change and walked out with $640.00 in service and repairs. *sigh* I hate cars...
grab somebody sexy tell em HEY
Go ahead and try it. You have to do it once in awhile.
- a rising number 9 vs. a rising number 14. Gonna be awesome! Go DU!
Oh.....How I wish it was Friday!
Rough sex>>>
Thnx for recommending us! RT : Safe Rides is NOT open tonight! Call 303 taxi for a ride 847-303-0303
°o° Big thanks to and for making the past couple days such a blast!
Thanks for visiting us yesterday! Looking forward to seeing you again!
All packed! Having my last American meal at my favorite breakfast place, Egg Harbor!
You understand more than you know
Told my Mom "Thank you for saying what needs to be said even when I'm being a challenge." Her response "I love you baby!"
follow please
Mac won't let me take files off of it, music have to wait until that's fixed
follow us?:D And HAPPY BIRTHDAY JON!xD
why aren't you playing with us?
You and your boyfriend broke up? Please post some more Adele lyrics as your Facebook status. :x
i need a trainer for a few things anyone know a good trainer hit me up let me know.
I'm too busy looking for a small, docile animal to sacrifice.
AKA #TheCastle Has a Gym Sauna and Spa Bathroom !! We Make Sure Our Clients Are Taken Care of !!
": think I'm playin R : ": Deleted his number : :" playin or not i really don care
We're open for lunch! Fresh sushi, kobe beef sliders, hot Miso soup filled w/veggies...we have it all! Come on by and grab a spot outside!
Organize old work clothes I don't need anymore into keep and sell categories.
interesting ecoystem and dashboard viewpoints on how to understand and communicate analytics
Anyone in Boston have a makerspace in library and willing to collab with me and on doing program at ?
Hate them sometimes !!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Florida Classic in 2 weeks !!
Feel special. Feel VERY special. :)
ugh the suspense is fucking killing me .... if i fail i mind as well get a 2nd job and just work my fucking ass off -__-
good news all my site is back up and working :)
Hope you enjoy!
Vizio's new Google TV wins CNET Best Television of CES:
Who's read Tender, the awesome urban gardening odyssey with veggie recipes from heaven?
I was also able to recommend "Eyes on the Prize" to the guard, since he's never seen it before.
Reading the Steve Jobs biography. I figure that will help inspire innovation, no?
Who's your team this Sunday?
aw thankyou! XO
Jul that's the joke....
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitable bring about right results.
Well that's fucking interesting
The Bango bus is coming -- itz really time to party -- New York to San Francisco!
am I really on your "People I Stan for" list? :) If so I am honored fellow cat lady.<3
Thank you to everyone who attended University Commencement. Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
Wow your fucking phone would die! ):<
Bahahahaha I know the feeling!!! Also, Tyra is from Toledo.
haha that must be rough!
Very.much.awake #518am :(
ITS OFFICIALLY FRIDAY... WHOS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL WEEK??? LOL well tonight you can find me at The Lodge patron bottle give aways.
Gotta love track practice
And here we are. Mr. Very Relevant to Super Bowl champ #Giants. Feeling Doug Martin or Coby Fleener or Jonathan Martin. #NFLdraft That's 32!
NEH_Challenge is tweeting again! Stay tuned for news, deadlines, and program updates. Also, follow NEH at
plz tweet ma daya tweeted me plz follow back
Can stone whole houses in a single hit.
Also, happy last day of being blonde for a while to me
Good news should have hats coming in soon!!! If you want please let me know, drawing for the free decals will be done tomorrow!
Just checked the dining options and tweeted "why the US is fat." Is there a non-hearty chicken cheese steak out there?
UR President Seligman on College Town: "The future of #ROC is based upon these types of partnerships."
#womencantresist reproductive rights and marriage equality.
say hey to POTUS for me. ;)
two mo weeks of skool left! #fuk yea
Acid forming foods such as dairy, wheat, tomatoes, strawberries and citrus can be an irritant to certain skin conditions.
is a sick fuck! Wait til I show your daddy! Lmao
ahh i see. jay-z is cool to.
heii I apologize as I say now but why are you so you use only justin I know you do not know me you write to?bb
#accessusummit FireEyes + FireBug firefox add-ons = match made in heaven (or something like that.)
too cold and too early 4 winter.
We open tonight! Come see WTC View street theatre!!!! Tix are only $18.
yes exciting year ahead!
Today's NYT: Hasidic Jews outdo Roman Catholic Bishops by condeming and casting out those who report child sex abuse. Abusers are rewarded.
Safe travels, lovely
One must enjoy the game while playing, if a tester likes a game it doesnt mean that all people might like it
when are your new posters coming put???
What da hell.
was this at The American Idol Experience or the TV show? Hit me back in a PM. You're referring to S. Tyler...correct?
I Love John O' Callaghan! I swear he's the hottest guy ever x)
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry Topping 4.09 / 5 Stars | 9 Reviews by Ellen Wojdyla "A versatile and easy to make blueberry sauce." Vi
This just in: Oscar nominees are pushing for their own movies/co-stars to win. Thanks, ABC!
#ThoseQuotesYouHearAllTheTime/the truth for girls/I want a relationship where u can talk for hrs bout anything and the convo nvr gets boring
Most generic haunting noise ever tho, u weren't visited by the ghost of Jacob Marley that night were u?
Whoa whoa hold on. You're telling me I've been asleep for 20 years...and no one tried to wake up? ARE YOU F#@*$!& KIDDING ME!!
We appreciate the help! Please feel free to lend a hand in the future.
Time 4 some payne bitch!!!!
thanks for the RT! Hope you had a great Mother's Day :)!
Until next week. Want to meet up.
I am a nerd. Got a JRD email from MLB with the header "Celebrating Jackie" and my first thought was that they were honoring Jackie O. Goof.
It's tip off!! Time to howl! Go Lobos!!!
might go to sens rangers in a week and a half.
My Rascal is plugged in and charging up for tomorrow!
RT: If you real, you know where it's at mayne
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 5
$15 for the year. Get audio for both teams, for every game, even some in spanish.
Follow for complete trial coverage
I don't want summer to get here -Said no one ever
rum balls do sound good. maybe i should just go with rum and pass on the confectionary part!
Saturday Morning ______?
Work work work!! $$
not sure what to really think of this
RT : #Rockies end 4-game losing streak! Clinched a win in San Francisco. Back home tnite against #Diamondbacks. #Denver7 ...
lol I don't know what they have and I guess just us three. I'm not for sure I can go I have to talk to my mom tonight :/
Love 's tweet supporting Thx from and as well! Macc Fund Rocks!
Wise advice !
Nice! RT : sometimes we offer early bird rates w/ auto entry into contest for VIP tickets...usually works
So 3 people in a row said something about "pop that pussy" on my TL...
Only if he is dressed in a suit. Or as a Star Wars character. Any one will do.
Agreed. Resurrection 4 all. (Or exhumation -- whatever people like.)
Hello, not feeling the best today. May have a cold. But I hope to have something new to share with you as soon as I feel up to it. Cheers!
lovely! Congrats!
Without heroes, we are all plain people and don't know how far we can go.
Nigga I don’t even eat in restaurants if it ain't no fries
beyond excited about coming to Louisville for the Forecastle Festival
i get two voicemails.. and one is from in which he yells at me to wake up :D
just two more days ...
Thanks for the retweets & messages! and and and ! Have a cubby day!
2 Timothy 1:7. Now that's the real deal.
"Back when a hoe was a hoe.."
my pleasure! keep me posted - if its just as yummy as i remember, take some photos + guest post!!!!
Failure is good. It's fertilizer. Everything I've learned about coaching I've learned from making mistakes. ~ Rick Pitino
Sign my #PsychoNeighbor up for that too
Aw yesterday was the best day of my life.
Pittsburg overrated
Your DREAMS will manifest, BELIEVE!
Gosh...glad I could help. LOL
Whether the Lakers or OKC win, I'll be satisfied
Let's go #Orange! Get it done.
Excited to preach tomorrow Gonna be encouraging ya'll.
Weird I wasn't following you. Fixed now :-)
#howtobeagoodbf Dont make your girl feel bad infront of the guys or you will look like a jerk
Merry Christmas to everyone!
Met Cullen Omori last night at the VFW. Really nice person. Excited for the next record. Go !!!
try to catch kermit ruffins if you're able
Why must every girl in 8th grade in mater academy be so fake?
We're planting 25 trees and doing #greenrush RT : Happy #Friday! What are your plans for this beautiful spring weekend?
It was great working with you Dannel! I cant wait to see the video once it's finished!
traffic has poured over onto Rainier ave. wow.
Brb running into austins room to cheer him up
I like the format of tweeting where the last word is emphasized in all CAPS. It makes it all sound AMAZING.
Can't believe Jackie and Josephine are leaving me tonight... At least they're with me drinking right now! Woot woot
and #rubensalazar greatly appreciate the support!
Looking forward to a busy, productive day today. Momentum is my motivation.
i need to have a heart to heart with somebody soon
So its #1 LSU, #2 Bama, #3 Oregon and LSU loses the conference championship. Who is in the Championship game?
Enjoyed the American Country Awards.
Couldn't have done it without you! Thanks Darcy...we miss you.
#modernfamily = highlight of my summer. i mean week. i mean day... ?
need hot trax hit me up..splitzwizard
people swear like they talk to my sis but they don't ha
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Uncle out barbecuing ribs for my graduation party....gonna be GOOD!!!
with all due respect, your Vikings SUCK!!!
no, I'm the only celebrity you can tweet hearts too <3
Hey If you want people to watch these games you probably shouldn't spread the results before they air... Don't scoop yourself!
I didn't have any luck with Planned Parenthood. I'll keep this on my radar and will look for other volunteer opportunities.
that makes three good reviews from close friends, I'll be going to see #21jumpstreet soon
Oh Yankees. I'm technically only a fan via my family and that still hurt.
You're welcome! Have a great weekend!
T-20 minutes till showtime! you excited?
Thanks for the PhillyHistory and mention at Ignite. Fingers crossed - our AR ready in a couple weeks!
I was exaggerating of course :P …at least I hope I'm exaggerating o.O but yeah…I don't do "loose" lol
DAMN EVEN HER CLIT IS BUFF!
I hate you!
You better say hello to me! :)
Oh, I dunno. Waving loaded handguns and calling in bomb threats would probably work. The jail time afterwards? Not so good.
Cannot believe a relative's reaction to my support for Obama's support for gay marriage. Will the South ever stop being bigoted?
Thank you for liking my website!!
RT -Let's get #Stop SOPA and PIPA trending at the top...Retweet every worthy post on this issue.
already knew that
: U are awesome! Thanks for your solidarity. We're going to steal that phrase. How about "The only place for scabs is on wounds!"
Yup-guess being silent and not risking prevents abandonment on Twitter!
Thinking about the transitions on Tuesdays prowl. Gotta get those filmed today!
ShindigTarot.com offers readings by some of the worlds leading #Tarot readers. Try it out, with video chat, virtual table and decks!
I hope you had a good time! I especially liked the last "game."
RT ...just saw one of my 15-yr old son's classmates driving! // My 18-yr old ain't driving yet, nor will he soon!
"FBI, open the door!" "No… its cool when you break in"
There is a power within us that will create the destiny that we are suppose to live!!
Don't you just love the #RatPack inferences in #Diddy's new commercials?
ahaha I panicked after they told me, 'okay don't move at all and don't be scared of the loud noises.'
You're in London? That's a wonderful city! Enjoy your time there! :)
lol ok now im done watching the voice heeh
sorry Jeppa Joes won't be out today, but you can definitely get your banh mi craving taken care of tomorrow at Schlitz Park!
Still have the old twitter thank god
Sitting in the council room by yourself for an hour <
#Atlanta missed great chance to tie game, cant give Brees n gang too many more opportunities. defense wont hold up much longer
Thx! Questioning training?
Yesterday we went to the playground right as the rain was ending Saw all the people accumulate. Birds came out for a snack.
Just glad that you're going local now! RT : I just ousted as the mayor of Maxximo Jo's on !
great night tonight...going to sleep, nite world!
Peach Cheesecake pop-up cupcake stand today @ 3p NW 13th & Hoyt, dock across from Paragon. Chocolate and carrot. Minis $1, Maxis $2.
I have not, but they sound awesome. Do u make them?
are you a middle namer? That would surprise me.
Hi, thanks for the follow on Twitter! What was the inspiration? Best, Matthew Davis
you golf?
#np big brother by lil twist
Thanks for the #RT and the support!
Hey girl! Are you suppose to teach today? :)
I dunno about that.. I kind of liked em. >.>
32 of 46 precinct reporting. Mary Jean Davis leads 1998 Tom Lane 1957 and 1952 round the top 3 chas city council at large
s/o to my new follower ; she cute, independent , and bad AF go follower her ;)
got that right. It was good seeing you last night!
Royal What? Is it that thing that str8 people get to do, but I and my guy can't? Just checking. Wish them my best...
Thanks kindly, and I appreciate you taking the time to listen!
Panthers need to score already.....
A big Vegas earthquake? There's a solid chance it could happen. Find out more tonight at 10 and 11.
Great efforts for breast #cancer awareness this weekend by
They don't need that chorus...
I get so weird at night. It's something about the moon . . . -
Stupid hoes is my enemy stupid hoes is so wack stupid hoe shouldnt unfriended me cause she could of probadly came back
then I would be a a mute
BREAKING: Police Chief: No motive given for #Chardon school shooting. A 3:30 p.m. hearing scheduled for student accused.
unlucky for having school but remember im your number one fan, i lovee you follow me back please<3
About to fall asleep on the train <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0089> #notagoodidea. Lol
I'd suggest Final Cut X for the stuff you wanna do. It's really user friendly and only $300. Avid is for big projects and $2500
Some idiot is reporting 8 killed at the Rixos -- thinks he's a joker, apparently. Stay safe and enjoy the cheese!
Happy Friday! Anyone ready for the weekend?
Sad news today. Our lead vocalist and friend, Fred, lost his mother, Virginia Valencia, this morning. Keep his family in your thoughts.
oh, im sorry ;( whats the good news :)
RT Sometimes you just wonder how true it is when ppl say exercise keeps you healthy and fit.know what its bloody true :)
aw =[ why r they gunna be singers tho
Just got some tour info...once things are official...we will let you know!!!
#FollowFriday The running family, thanks for supporting me and inspiring me. (via )
Dutch people only bought 58 electric cars in 2010-11!
For some strange reason I REALLY like the word "gasp".! That's just me.! #ImStrangeLikeThat.!
RT : RT : Today in history (May 14, 1948): The State of Israel is born as #Israel declares independence!
#NoQuestion bro-ham
Power just went out here in Baltimore
check it out. Stopped in their North Dallas Parkway store yesterday and their selection and prices kill
I want to read it
thank you so much! :)
Does anyone in the UK have two kittens that my stepmums friend could have/buy? One of her cats croaked it.
The world puts to much infuses on saying I love while neglecting the value of showing love in action and truth.
i will defend 90's teen tv stars till the grave
All immigrants can participate in 2012 elections. Everyone can make a difference through volunteering, voting, & more!
Loiter Squad <3 ... I LIIIIKEE CHEESE.!!!!!!
You'd better more than think! RT I think ... I THINK there is a baseball game today. :)
Been tryin to but you wont let me lol
the irony part comes when you factor in what the gop actually says to its supposed base.
Thats y I got nothin cuz I ruined my life with him
like the band? Or just in general?
How a company with a history of thwarting freedom of expression's goals align with an independent media nonprofit is totally beyond me.
#WhitePeopleGoogleSearch Pumpkin Pie recipe #BlackPeopleGoogleSearch Sweet Potato Pie recipe
The book has been on my wish list. Edward Glaeser's geeky, fast-talking #TED2012 talk just bumped it to the top.
RT : All my musician followers follow ! He's a #genius Thanks sir!!
as a listener of this american life, i always assumed Sedaris's stories were partially made up...as w/ any humorist or comedian
I've been singing that ALL DAY!
for me constraints boost my creativity if I take them as a puzzle/game. There is fun to be had everywhere.
Im such a video game nerd...but Zelda: Wind Waker outdoes Skyward Sword in terms of depth. U can go 2 an island from sea without load time!
#theawkwardmoment when I wasn't referring to you...lol.
If something happened to my best friend; I would go crazy.
5 more minutes till my weekend officially starts
we are. king and queen!
Do messy ppl know theyre messy???
Thanx & Thanx RT : 2 things I want u to know.....#1 U r an amazing artist #2 Sonic has sweet potato tots and they SUCK!!
We've also got a book signing with Robert Santelli, he'll be in the Exhibit Hall at 4pm with his new book This Land Is Your Land.
big up LESPECIAL show ''Poetry is Music'' and Sullivan Hall great performance
Only time I like music class is gonna be after spring break cuz we get to do a project in a artist of choice is mine
HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY ! SMILE ! ha! ha !
Did you click to "see what this person is saying about you?" It's a virus. Welcome to Stupidville, population: you.
Working on more acoustic videos. Any recommendations on what we should play?
We're taking back the Round Bar! Come to Saz's tonight (5-CL) for Happy Hour pricing until close! Free apps and discounted Menu items!
That is always good for a wooWOOF! (or a pun) Silly dog...
What a productive day! Enjoying a night off in Tampa but tomorrow we're rockin' out ! Excited 2 be back!!
Thanks, Dani! Good to connect here.
how bout it?
Idk, some dude said it in that new show, girls.
AWESOME PEEP FOLLOW BACK PLEASE!!!!!!
Gettin my hair did!
We need "the environmental state, not the warfare state." Eric Mann
yeah ive heard of him!:) my youth leader listened to it! Pretty awesome!!
Definitely a winner. Sweating obviously equates smokin hot.
just had my 3rd surgery yesterday so not quite. Im looking at October or November.
When U let go of what U are, U become what U might be. When U let go of what U have, U receive what U need.
I'm cranking in 2 more small paintings of St. Mary - they're getting picked up before Mother's day. My car is still sitting there, unfixed.
Hi Meg! Checking with accounts for inventory of the Serie A Malbec. Will let you know ASAP. Thanks, Carl.
A nice warm cup of erbal tea to go with the erbal smoke
Watching #agt, this show cracks me up
should have brought up dad owning a unsafe nuclear plant in Springfield
I remembered exactly how evil Voldemort truly is: when he killed Diggory, he turned him into Sparkly-Ass.
- I have a terrible bedside manner.
Yeah, I'd have to agree on that. I do it every morning, and it's the most cringeworthy part of the day.
Love is love and sex is sex. Dont get them confused or u bound to get yo ass played!
Under BISG rules should be much higher? RT : Bowker: It works out that e-books were 11.77% of total ISBN assignments in 2011.
Mike helps Colt to his feet after the match. Mike and Colt shake hands and then hug as the show fades to black.
is a pimp
D.Rose out 4 tha season,Damn
Working on an oil portrait of Alex and Jessica. Reached that moment when I've captured a likeness. Very cool! Always is!
LOL! The event is hosted by Bill Adler as part of a Sowebo Arts activity.
desk agent just asked the gate to applaud military folk. I'm a teacher. Where's my fucking applause for service?
thanks and I guess I should come on more
Man at the next table is REAL REAL into his "higher power." Also used the phrase "sucking dick" a couple times. Trying to tune out...
House to get back to budgets shortly. 1st up is vote on the #Budget4All. Really good stuff for kids!
whatever he wants to do.
Come on and hang out at Bogie's in Baton Rouge tonight. Doors are at 9!
omg! He looks like Johnny - the cat I grew up with! Wally needs some cats friends so I welcome this cattwiter friendship lol
#Scandal season finale!
gotta have makeup!
“: My best days are with My<3 is forever” AWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHH BEST TWEET EVER
wish you could have a concert in england one day <3
quit being a lazy ass
right back @ ya!!
Hahaha I feel your pain cousin!!
Back 2 ur former Avi.... Where's your holiday spirit?
You never bought her anything?
Thanks a lot for your compliment! Your portfolio is amazing!!
My ability to do ANYTHING else > My ability to fill out these NCAA brackets with respectable choices.
You like "When your girlfriend ties you up and then humps 5 guys in front of you. And then each guy punches you on the way out."
That I did! Are you going, too?
did you hear what Jerry Sandusky majored in in college? A major in Physical Education with a minor in the shower.
We're here at Covenant House for our Mayoral Candidate Community Conversation on #LGBT issues
Happy Russell Stover Day! Brought to you by Hallmark, Zales and Proflowers.com!
MM TV / SG MAG Only OPEN MIC That can Get you On ABC, STARTING SUNDAY FEBRUARY 26 @ skyline 645 Washington Ave. Miami Beach, FL 33139
Great morning. Today is a new day and I'm learning patience is everything
Chicago Sun-Times no longer in the printing business... outsourcing it now to the Tribune. Hard times make for strange bedfellows. J. Barron
If the U.S. govt won the $540 million lotto, it would be spent & gone in 75 minutes at the current rate of spending.
and obviously check out all important monuments. But definitely grab some food at Nandos.
I really want to see live at least twice before I die.
#TeamFollowback I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!
your Twitter plays are doing u no good with getting new customers......
Yes, Manute Bol was tall. Today though he'd be "long." and Muggsy Bogues would have a "good motor."
you two funny
Tried to see your movie at 9:55. Already sold out! 10:55 too! Now I'm trying for 11:00. Ready to laugh!
shit! I see it every night twice a night! Saw you two tonight walking out. You girls are lovely.
This panel could only have been improved by having more completely appropriate swearing. needs to
Notice that RG3 beats Luck in Literally EVERY category
Love unprompted pics of kittens/cats in pp presentations
awww that sucks!
#nw #joedirt such an epic movie.
YOU GUYS ROCK!!
thanks for the follow JC!
I wish I was tan , I hate being so white ! >.<
awesome! thanks
We have the best Tech's in Denver! We received 2 recommendation letters in the past day from our customers. Good Job Sal IT/Service Manager
sounds like it was my kind of night!
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions. Victor Hugo
Still trying to figure out what to do tonight.
It's a great day to be Green!
i heard she wantt da dick !
Inspired by the Emily Couric Luncheon this afternoon. Amazing women leaders honored. The crowd was awesome
A day without Jesus is a day without Sonshine. Let Him shine! Thankful for each day with family/ friends; reaching out to others w/ the news
In study hall working on some clever ass verses. I think I am going to turn them into Track 2 for the album :) Hmu guys
I love you so much. Thank you for such an awsome dinner. You are truley my best friend and the greatest person I ever met.
Blaze, Scholars and Shooters playing in quarterfinals of 16U at Chicago Spring Classic.
ahahaha idk bro, never thought of that!
Nothing changes, until you do
and actual morals
": #Cancer's are one of the most bipolar signs, only true friends know how to deal with them." SO TRUE...WOW!
In the wise words of my yoga instructor - Work your edge AWAY from you, otherwise your edge will come TO you.
Access: It's not about fermentation. It's about experimentation. Mix up your programs. Not just the cocktail bar
#Np excuse me miss
#BoyfriendVideo is going 2 break 5MILLION!!!! i know it will and maybe even 6million?????
Can't wait till Sunday #excited :)
I could use some advice..
glad u likes it!! ;)
Important neighborhood in the history of American soccer as I understand it.
Just got to Charlotte, ready for the Jordan Brand tomorrow.
if you are on 136 hello from car three.
hahaha. theres two metal plates above and beneath the hand. where do i just whip that out from!?
And just like that, 3pm rolls around. :(
- yuck! where are you?!
RT - The time has come for the #NFL to allow the Jacksonville #jaguars to relocate. Lowest franchise value & slow tick...
dropping that old fire on #streetsounds right now. Merry Christmas!
If you like trailer park country music (and who doesn't?), check out Roger Alan Wade...favorite track: "If you're gonna be dumb"....
Somehow I can't picture Jesus holding His nose when He was being baptized. Just me.
Classic like movies shouldn't be duplicated or made a sequal. Ex1:Grease. 1st one was cool, 2nd one, I couldn't even finish it.
The #NHL inconsistency on doling out punishment is whacked to say the least.
Hate to see the Cougars end the season. It has been an emotional ride this year!
everybody wants to rule the world.
Ooh thanks! You're a lifesaver. Happy thanksgiving to you too!
Dress shopping <3
Hey guys:)! How's your day been?<3
The Foursquare Special is OVER! Congrats to the students who won #StudyParty Packs!
Thank you! I hope so too
when they push you down you gotta get back up
we've got ugly guys who think they're hot so they act like douches... Ahaha
I know we are to love all Gods creations... But if this bird doesn't shut up.... I'm throwing a rock lol
it was hell
love u too good night
Trust, I saw u sis. It's just a rebel yell. I told u 2 years ago, just call me when it's time to slap heads. It's that time!
Find People That Are Willing To Work Together And Help One Another in 2010 - A Must Read - "NEVER EAT ALONE" by Keith Ferrazzi
listening to 2cellos makes me want to play my cello again.
and I need a gas station/restaurant ASAP
Ohh yes it's Thursday finally! #pumped!
i know right! its so angelic and flawless. She's born to sing!
I'm pretty sure all good teams beat up bad teams and aren't as good against other good teams. Don't panic.
I'm a sucker for OrAnGe!!! #can't help it
Pick it up over there.
I wonder what Denver's reaction was when they found out they had to verse the lakers.. "fuck, we're dead." :p
Math~~ just working on A level and a little on the HW :SS and thats it I guess! :]
A2 equals 44 degrees. I miss LA.
I love your MVP.
exciting day in buffalo mn!!
": #Hoecommandments thou shall not go on Maury with no less than 5 different dudes that could be your babydaddy"
Oops. Sorry about that. Done!
Watching 1 of the coolest movies ever: you got served
and a lot more fist
me too name buddy hahah
it all good! Just watching
its awkward when she thinks I'm raising my hand to ask a question but really I'm just trying to touch harrys face...
Finished off my weekend having an amazing time and catching up with friends 's barcade bday party. I hope someone got him an NSX.
kicked butt ! officially a fan lol
I think the only way to learn patience is by life practice (& occasionally losing it and apologizing ;) )
My jaw pops all the time and I don't think that's okay.
Doc appt. was good. He referred me to a place to get my knee x-rayed. Will do that tomorrow am..it's a walk-in place.
Robert Gates joins Starbucks board. Begins to draw up defense plan for company's store windows next May Day.
Love CSI NY
The biggest blessing in my life has got to be Destie. She's the sassiest, funniest, smartest little 9 year old I know.
I wanna come!
Biz Lesson. never give away control of ur customer delivery system to a third party to save money. biggest weakness right now.
I need some drinks right now! SHOTS AT DA BAR
Like Wtf! Exactly why ion fuck around w/ that relationship BullShitt!
Nice lil Saturday with
Let me ease ur mind
Wow, called a blog on their piece about quitting the internet.
Hey #Easter celebrators, riddle me this: When does #Lent actually end? Saturday night or Sunday dawn? After church Sunday?
VOA The Sweet Life Fashion Show tonight! Suite 200 7pm! See you there
IM IN!
Re-reading T Striphas, The Late Age of Print, for teaching tomorrow and am, again, impressed.
As if the things we do know about him weren't enough.
Those kids wear crowns over there & everything is alright.
hi!! miss working with you all! :) hey saw a flier of Songs and Dances..... looks interesting!!
xo19emmie98xo me too . :(
"Everyone thinks that I have it all, but it's so empty living behind these castle walls, these castle walls."
DC tweeps, save the date! The next #dcdrinkup is Wednesday, January 18 at an after-work time. More details on their way!
Another day,making moves (boutique opening soon) working on Designs
purifying the body of anything that's not healthy!
"Lord you establish peace for us; all that we have accomplished you have done for us." ISA. 26:12
Hey Don, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
now Tribe loses 5 of 6 and they rank higher than Tigers? Makes no sense.
I need a Highland YAFL jersey....
English teacher is late
YOU! Amazing show tonight! You absolutely rock!!
Thanks man for the great interview last night on ESPN Radio. I really appreciate it.
your cousin told me not to(:
i guess ill try to go to sleep..... work in the am
SO EXCITED THE COUNTDOWN BEGINS....Pats and Giants this sunday.
Coolness! I'll DM you my number in case you have time to grab coffee tomorrow.
So I left my iron on all day and I'm just now getting home...been out since 7AM...smh
"There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book.”
#ancientgreek phrase of the day - <U+03BE><U+03CD><U+03BB><U+03B9><U+03BD><U+03BF><U+03BD> te<U+1FD6><U+03C7><U+03BF><U+03C2> - "wooden defensive wall"
Might also be interesting to summarize the open data that uses each ontology; showing # of entities, most commonly used types.
Happy birthday girl!
Ashley unveils plans for $80M distribution, manufacturing facility in N.C.
yes! I'm off at 1230! B there shortly after
I pass ... Regardless I don't ever do the hwww lol
Hearts and flowers you people, too ;)
's video app was downloaded 4 million times in just two days, including Mark Zuckerberg.
#TheAdventuresoftheSoupTraveler - this week's newsletter has been released - if not on the distribution list - send be a tweet - its great!
“The unselfish effort to bring cheer to others will be the beginning of a happier life for ourselves.” - Helen Keller
Wow, I feel like I'm in jail with all of this security.
$3000 for a class set of ereaders
Hope you will stop out for a brew this beautiful Saturday night!
I Iove how independent you are, I admire you so much kim, your beautiful.
ArmaGeddon (the best movie ever)
How's the economy in your world tonight? Give us a call: 317-736-0950
Yeeaaaa roller coasters. Good to get some downtime.
#WhyDoiAlways fall for your type?
If your capacity to acquire has outstripped your capacity to enjoy, you are on the way to the scrap-heap. -Glen Buck
Miranda Lambert's dress sponsored by Michelin.
You can buy god it's Monday Slither down the greasy pipe So far so good no one saw you Hobble over any freeway You will be like your dre ...
I #takeasheet in the movies
FOLLOW ME! I don't want to be a troll under the bridge anymore! GIVE ME YOUR MAGIC!
Guilty pleasure: Selling LA, love the houses. I know, get back to writing.
What a beautiful storm c:
Walking my dogs:)
Shrimp scampi & clam chowder on the way...yea I'm "finna" go in <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Good morning twitterverse! Thank Almighty God for another day to help and be a blessing to others!
when and y?
live near there. when i saw that place i said wtf?!! AND its across the st. frm where the dude that does block report radio lives
Why is my ipod hotter than my own body temperature right now? Seriously.
My test was on that too! I diagnosed myself with all of them naturally.
haha sounds like a plan! :)
Thank You for your beautiful soulful music. I love Conversational Lush. Cant wait for tbe album.
We should've just stayed friends man ..
My mom laughed at the dollar I put in her card. Let's see how much she gets next year. Laugh at that mom!
Guys who can dancee >>>>
i take it DD is off show
Check out Cool the Earth's Earth Day Assembly and Carleen Cullen tonight on NBC Bay Area: KNTV Channel 3. 6 PM news PST.
Kick #LDW10 off TONIGHT with at ! OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP admission on our guest list! Reply/DM us!
If you unsubscribe from alert emails you get to watch someone get beat up and punished.
I miss having a car.
Astronauts who spend a month or more in space may return with potentially harmful changes in their eyes, says a new report-...
Anyone need a hole ripped into a new sweater, send it my way. I'm amazingly good at it.
well then they're REALLY good Friends bc she went to see him on his birthday all the way from FL to NJ...
God chose you based on your purpose, NOT on your performance.
Frederico Panini: asparagus, sliced ham, scrambled eggs and Swiss cheese pressed in a hoagie with hash browns.
Besides your contact lenses, you never leave home without _____________.
sitting down to write, or else!
Yep. You're looking for Ray Plante. Grey shirt, short black hair. I can put you in touch (this is Jay) if you don't find him.
what's your fan address? I wanna write a letter to you :D <3
Hope is a good thing but not if you depend on it solely
hello love (: didnt know you had a twitter!
ahahah yeah i remember. thats so gross...
Clockss is a dark archive, to keep archives in the hands of the community. They use the LOCKSS software for their preservation
great smile good pic.
“: seems i was hacked..sorry guys..I'm trying to fix this..Scumbags.” I was getting worried, u kept hinting bout weight loss
Go Irish...let's win this!
No one followed ):
when's the last time you tied your shoes? since you wear Toms all the time...
I would like a tool that lets me see who my "real" Twitter followers are (i.e. not spambots). Any suggestions?
Too much time online makes Jill a dull girl. Reading a book.
The day I meet a women smarter than me, is the day I get married.
No #drose and niggas actin like the playoffs are over. Well I guess for #bulls fans it is #lol but still, tune into this
Sharon Needled IS the future of drag. The only contestant that has charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent!
Not necessarily. How old are the ones you have?
~Ruth Casey~ Though no one can go back and make a brand new start,anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending
Good Morning Tweeps do people actually consifer Megan Fox's thumb a deal breaker?
hey babe. Im milky
what happened? It's not a law to show id.
I like a little meat
you guys are all over. Great job.
“: A new pair of Jeffrey Campbell's to put a smile on this here face. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>” HEY I WANNA A PAIR!!!
Issues with a DUI or another criminal matter? Call Bloodworth Law Office today, great representation @ an affordable price (615) 250-8000
Beginnings are usually scary and endings are usually sad, but its everything in between that makes it all worth living
he has electronics? :)
Dear Campus Notebook: I am fairly sure that I will never be interested in whatever you're selling. KThnxBy.
Jamie Dimon makes Gordon Gekko look like a saint!
At Deagan's for the last bike night of the year
you have truly been an inspiration. It's been a long time since our Milwaukee days. Keep up the good work.
Gonna go home, eat like there's no tomorrow, watch my favorite show , then sleep.
Good stuff. I see you are still loving the game. Keep going.
I would be dead at work tomorrow! Hahah, but sure, in spirit at least! I though you already had your birthday :P
what was the coachs name?
that is my new favorite video ever!!
your twitter background is adorable!
Here at work.. last day today.. lets see how it goes
Bout to mix up a batch of my famous lemonade:)
sorry i meant to say neck
send mailing address and will do!
A great man passed away today. The kind of Father a musician could only dream of. Support and enthusiasm. Live it up, folks.
YEAH!! #LEO Power for life!! August 1=the most glorious day on Earth!! Lol!! :D
Hows everyones day going? Hoping for some sunshine!
Just watched "Funny People" with my wife. If only it were longer.
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould my mom would be treated like the queen she is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> no more working , no more making dinner , no more nothing .
Spring is around the corner and we've got some cleaning to do. Help us out and get a classic Kingdom shirt for just 10 bucks!...
Very nice. Thanks
Oops. Was that puckbunny-ish? Seeing him that sad hurt a lot. He's had a career year and can't get a break this series.
Starting to fill here @ the Terrace for Ron Paul
Why don't you buy and return it 8 times? Then you can buy one for free.
Driving around and blaring music>>>
"stael fought insomnia with opium and boredom with parties" / byron: "she should have been born a man"
Going to enjoy the next four days of being #1 (out of 99!) in my pool. Amazing how much more interesting basketball is with $5 on the line.
Golden Spoon: thumbs down.
I wish I could be exactly what you're looking for.
cool! I want to get my own thing going down here. I've mentioned it to and
To all the lucky raider team bitches going to DC......FUCK YOU
iPad will now have school textbooks, goodbye the days of covering our school books with a brown paper grocery bag!
Third period underway!
Yes, when the day comes that they no longer support Windows 7, which should come along in by December 31, 2022, CE.
Being a Teacher and Counselor for #Kids with #Autism and their families is my PASSION. Looking for IPad software to use with them. Ideas?
Need tips on where you would post announcement for library webinar for most visibility. Empire State Building in *not* a good answer.
Planning out an aircraft carrier cake for this weekend, this should be fun!!
I would shoot myself before I had to eat some of these things. No one can be so hungry to eat some of these things...
go and have fun you deserve it.
"So many books, so little time." - Frank Zappa
Facebook is so corny now smh
#ialwayswantedtobea a teacher, writer, or singer.
tnx i followed can you also follow ill follow yhu bak also
working on #crashingbroadway today... Mixing away :-)
any time I read commentary on the Browns 'lack of WRs' or 'Give Colt a chance', I lose brain cells.
right, heaven forbid that ones students bother to read anything to be students... Yay free association!
just stumbled upon a real gem with ...friendly service, great prices. makes my life A LOT easier!
It was nice meeting you yesterday! :)
people mad at me.
yeah, I ride the motorcycle naked all the time
Do you Love Hip Hop and or EggMcmuffins? Download this free Iphone & Android app from KTSB ..the EggMcmuffin of Hip Hop.
OH LOOK OUT GUYS ISA IS THROWING A PITY PARTY! hahahhaaha ask rayanne to be your party planner, she has experience
ok. See you inside! Haha
So will the main character be a rabid beaver with a tum addiction? Just wondering. :) You might have something there.
not sure why these things need to be released to the public in the first place.
Help us get to over 1100 #AEDs...we only have a week to go so start submitting!
I effin love #Pixar Movies <3 (: wish i had someone to watch them with though :(
“: #tournamentofman” more like
we have ham, and we have bacon. stop asking for "Canadian bacon."
forgot you were agnostic - knew there was something besides that stellar smile and practical dry humor.
damn right live fast die young!!!!;)
MORNING TWITTER!!!!!
Absolutely no problem. We're here to serve!
Happy New Year, love!!
Avoid wasting money. Quality prior planning will help you avoid the unexpected.
i miss u so bad too! hope we can talk today
Keep up the great work....Ads new blog is awesome!
And a happy birthday to
Now I'm official graduate of high school :)
Vargas could've walked the next two batters too
#MIAMI Are you Ready to hear the beats of the one and only #tonight? Text us at 786.991.3945 for girls Guestlist or Tables
sounds good ;)
Planning on having our EP release show at Vinyl Junkie in April. No official date yet but one of the bands confirmed is On Track.
He spoke to me today! Eeeeep
Lastnight you hugged me, I didnt wanna look up cuz I knew what would happen, you looked in my eyes & I was lost <3
Painting... again.
Game Works tonight ROUND 3
Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and as difficult as that.
Can't be with you when i want to do you can't talk to me when you want to. #OhWell moving it along.
Woo hoo! Thanks so much for the scoop.
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy the epub tweets.
I am in love w/ soccer 69 He's the MAN!!!!
hello Twitter
Thanks Ruth Ellen!!
80legs Python API is now available!
#Lauder exhibtion really made me want to get Great Collectors, but I can't afford it! Always a viewer, never a collector! :)
Giving makes dreams become reality.
Rep. Say they want it but are never happy.
your really good! Give it time you will be up there with them ONEDAY!<3
I wish I could somehow tell all the ad networks, "I just bought a new messenger bag. Please stop showing me ads for bags now."
Sport Vision: Types of Hockey Game
Just gave an impassioned speech about America and our troops, Reagan quote included, and I feel very patriotic today.
Hoes fight over dick. REAL women move on.
So is this Chris Brown 'F.A.M.E.' album worth buying? Cuz 'Graffiti' was shit, his best was 'Exclusive'
oh my bad must be those damn psychics fucking with me again the forces of darkness be with you btw fuck off i&#39;m done
If ants are so smart..then why are they so stupid?...I sure wouldn't crawl on something that was a billion times bigger than me!!
Cause its feels so empty #WithoutMe! :D haha
Finally off work. Today would not end!!
My call wouldn't go through to your cell. You can buzz me now though!
btdubs, ICONic Boyz r gonna win!!!
just keeps yelling YOLO for no reason #YOLOabuse AND now she's humming and singing #Losingit #NotOK Help
for those #SFGiants fans giving Morgan a hard time for his entertaining personality.... Nice Beard.
People falling sleep on me < lol
Wow, that word "with" is really important. // RT : Food tastes better when you are eating with people you like.
that movie looks so good!
Dear , my life would be complete if you followed me...(: I like loove u! kbyee
depends on def. College bball is great because players come together to make a team. Kentucky is 7-8 guys who happen to play together
Video: Disney train coach rolls into Fullerton
You read!
<3 RT : Don't you love blasting music so loud your house is shaking? (: haha yeah, me too.
The story always has a happy end. Even when you think it doesnt.
Spoken Word is seeking an experienced VO Artist for 's "WikiLeaks and the Age of Transparency"! www.orbooks.com/our-books/wikileaks
My little sister >>>>
RT : Congrats to for picking up NAU and Weber St. offers
Jennifer Aniston To Attend Brad & Angelina&#39;s Wedding?
Off to do an author visit at an elementary school in Lincoln, IL. The wee folks await me!
909 east market st. Best crossfit in Louisville.
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this. All.those fairytales are full of shit. <3
I bet u do.
any good audiobook recommendations? the trip to texas is going to be a long one!!
So awesome! LOVE.
I'm single and enjoying it? But I'm still looking for the right
O. James Lighthizer talk at PM Annual Meeting. "Demand excellence in everything your organization touches."
Thx for saying so-glad you enjoyed! RT : thanks for putting on a great debate! I really enjoyed listening to it :)
I'm in! I got the new Twitter. Home, Connect, Discover....
Hopefully the weather cooperates! Looks like it'll be a bit chilly, but as long as it doesn't rain, I'm good!
I am totally loosing my voice. I still want a cheeseburger.
Omg , do you have school?! && it's 12:45 a.m here :p but I can't sleep, so I'm tweeting . :)
good look ma
Tweeting live from London.....At the end of the 1st qtr, #Texans down 7-0 to the
Call one of them "hell." "Going to that meeting later? I'll see you in HELL!"
“: praying for my friend & youth pastors leading dnow this weekend w/ as worship leader.”
Excited to see Freddy Brown from in a few minutes.
6 hours 37 minutes till #Revenge!!
Having drinks with and we getting it in. Wish u were her Miss u already. We gotta chop.
XLVI Roman Numerals very popular on Monument Circle! Make sure to get your pic and see the video show!
A perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire. ~George Bernard Shaw
So, if i were a mythical god.... My weapon of choice would be a flaming spiked whip...
Ask Style: Have Any Fresh Tips on Decorating for the Holidays? Now that I have kids, I want to amp up my holiday home decorating to make
: i just made a gifboom just to follow you! #YEE<3
Fear will never lead you to a positive end.
5 exams down 2 to go!! tomorrow will mark the official end of high school for me :) thank god!!
When the first thing you see as you walk out of the house is a heads up penny, it's gonna be a good day
which event are you referring to? RT : where is that event? imma come through
i missed my 3,000 tweet :(
Let's review the Irony Report, shall we? Carl DeMaio, the "Taxpayer Watchdog," collects $3.1 million from the federal government...
#HISD trustee Anna Eastman just read a resolution proclaiming November as "American Heritage Month."
() would you want some yung nation? Or the Weekend
First q for panel: How are interface technologies affecting everyday life?
J.S. Edwards is having an Italian wine tasting tonight starting at 5:00 pm.
Two coney dogs w/ cheese and tater barrels for$8.99!!
That's a great tip!
yes, let's do that.
Watching v. #dynamo. Thank god for soccer season.
"I used to be the stars, the sea, the sky. But now I’m not so sure."
Not merely piping Rush Limbaugh or Sean Hannity over loudspeakers?
Lmao!!!! Nana!!! You saw what I wrote?!?
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind - magical mystery grind (the beatles)
now I know how you guys feel when girls fangirl over bands.
thanks bro, he was just visiting me and is like 90% back to normal! Wtf Bren
I totally just made up a word "twitter-tracked"...sidetracked by twitter.
Good one. Passing this on to our web mistress.
Poly vs Digital Harbor for the Baseball Championship Sat at Camden Yards! Gates open @ 1pm first pitch 205. Free Admission!
Car vs pedestrian at the intersect of state and e Johnson. Looks bad, use alt route
I keep saying it feels good to be back on the grid. What I really mean is it will feel good to be back on the grid AND caught up w/work.
Amazing production with Madonna's halftime show. The visuals were outstanding!
Susana Baca, Peruvian diva at Yoshis SF tonight and tommorow. Her CD's were produced Bay Area's prolific Greg Landau.
I just sent an email to my mom saying "I see waving palms outside my window" too bad she wont get the EV reference.
no problem :)
lol that's pretty gross ^.^ dontcha think ?
"woah what is Adele doing there!?"
I've changed so much in these past months, and I really miss the way we were in likd October.
OH: I'm afraid if I look at you you're gonna look like the Blue Man Group
Only 100 more likes until we show you guys the new teaser!! KEEP IT GOIN!
I cant call it my bradda. Still grindin hard. Wuz hood my dude?
May the Fourth be with each and every one of you today.
meetings for the album? :)
I know! I used to be so sad!:(
I don't think so. Ours are fan-made. When the #NHL does an official #BecauseItsTheCup for LA, they'll post it.
Great pic! That bacon sounds out of this world!
Ok. So it's set. & ... Culver's challenge ... I'll get the location and date set up in the morning!
Restrain yourself! Go to the #library instead! Libraries are more in danger without your support.
Hm... parents going out of town tomorrow, should I call in and throw a party?
Santorum needs a win in Pennsylvania. He's offering free cheese-steaks to anyone who votes for him.
What is the percentage of art museums that using digital media as interpretation tools? (, any data u've used in class recently?)
LOL,That imagery is disturbing! Cycling and Astronomy
First take have it all
Ordered my #LEAFS shirt today. Gotta rep Toronto. What do you say Biebs?
It's 8pm and I'm falling asleep. But it's k cuzzzz my 3 hour class got cancelled for tomorrow!
“: Some girls talk to the lamest dudes. Tragic” !!!!!!!
thank you and yea I know and you know I'm here for you whenever you need me too :)
head in the sand doesnt mean that we as a country will stand for this and follow him blindly. What kind of country are we going to leave
Course it is! An average united team losing the title 2 the best city team in history on goal difference is nothing 2b ashamed of
Can't wait to see you tonight in Milwaukee. I'll be the crazy person in the 4th row!!
Hey Adam! ;) Following back. Thanks for following, love.
I'm so obsessed with !! can't stop listening to her songs...
Energy and persistence conquer all things - Benjamin Franklin
Colors greatly affect
lolol you know how she gets, you made her panic all day lolol
Aww!! Twitter Prom it is! #GetAtUs can't wait for the 25th!! :)
I have the same oven as Pete Cambell. Anyone want to buy it?
have liked one direction since the x factor and didn't just start liking them 2 months ago.
We should accept every angry, hostile comment as an opportunity to draw near to God. David Roper
WHAT IS IT LIKE TO HAVE BOOBS?
Abnormally heavy flow - New Straits Times
Did you book the job?
You can classify yourself all you like, but until a doctor or the government says otherwise, you're still a child.
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
Thanks for RT. :)
If I Ever Get Famous I Hope I Dont Change..
Last week until finals week. Time to get work done!
Ready to Start over? Have you consider Divorce? $69 Divorce. Call us (727) 474 9988
Tim Sweeney straight wrecking p.a. loft....$4 PBR'S
Sitting outside in the cold rain why, because I was here 1st <U+263A>
I will keep you updated on our DVD release and when you will be able to order it or watch it online.
I think it is unfair to label Mormonism a cult. Blanket attacks against all Mormons is beneath us as progressives.
just a smooth Monday on the Hill! But hey how bout dem O's Hon! Peeps are actually out and about asking for the game on TV!
I will! Do you have skype? She would love to say hi to you sometime if you are ever on.
COOL YOUR JETS BRAH
It should be national awkward day!
Rich people believe "I create my life." Poor people believe "Life happens to me. ~ T. Harv Eker #quote”
im fresh, im fly, im always high
IM IN LOVE WITH
Hey, remember when I rigged Patrick Ewing to NY & those idiots still couldn't win a championship? LMAO!
Why it sound Like its hailing?
Panthers and Owls play to a 1-1 draw.
Love "under the radar" films...will have to check this one out. Thanks!
i just love ur website its just amazing!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome back!
Now I have to see A Separation. best foreign film.
What goes into a story? Only what's needed (be wary of too much detail)
Bless yo heart if u fucked up over a few stretch marks.... Now if ur shit lined up like sum notebook paper then u might be upset
I love you :)
Where did all the nylon tote bags online go?
golf course with ! :)
done deal
See what happens when Paul Martin is in the press box?
I Married Nick Mara because I Love Him
There's a ton of NYC gov hackathons going on here too. It's def nice to know there's at least an energy
went for a run, forgot to see if i was gonna get wet. i did.
Curse you
Just finished family dinner in Palmetto Bay. Dining at Steve's Pizza with our Miller Deal
i would love some cotton candy right now ..
how you been superstar?
Life like a box of chocolates u will never know what u will find
spare laptop not plugged in during patch tues update, battery died during update, system hanging as a result, using win restore for 1st time
Tomorrows gonna be a good day
unless its shown in public
thanks to you too!!!
Oh goodness, you would have something to say about that haha!
amazing play, but curious on your thoughts of not walking Uggla after two runs in
Life goes on. You stumble, then get up. Don't stop, move forward. Whatever happens as you go along, never give up. Just keep moving.
nina say fukk protection wen she ride
i thnk i'll do microwave, its quicker, ok?
Have you ever noticed that there are some people that are so annoying you just want to bitch slap 'em or throw a fucking brick @ them?
says I need your e-mail address to be able to add you :-/
Its been a terrible dry spell, last time the rain fell
Resting. Sleeping on my couch, watching Next Food Network Star. Tommorow will be one of the biggest days of my junior year.
i like it too...Praise God
I NEED THE MOTHERFUCKING TICKET TO 2013 TOUR IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK?
RT : Friends don't let friends eat pancakes
im more ready & excited for your new album:)
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
": nigga wtf you mean lets "lets kick it"...YOU HAVE "NO" LEGS -__--"...#dead im dying laughn
The Big Dilemma: securing the recovery versus reducing fiscal deficits - don't want to undercut growth but have to get a grip on Bugdet!
I dnt want a long island! I want a strong island! Lol
Yahoo CEO pads resume with embellished degree and loses job.
Duh! Clooney did the movie on Murrow. Now I get why Clooney is first interview on new
Hm...ordered shoes from Kohl's a week ago with "guaranteed shipping by Dec. 24". The shoes have yet to ship. FAIL.
appreciate the insights was wondering if you wouldn't mind sharing some thoughts can you email me
You're welcome. Thank YOU for the great quotes!
He looked amazing in it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> I love him
Last one on the van = political discussion with the driver
What if basketball was played with a lead ball?
Sometimes the very thought of old age is unnerving
Well that sucked
yeah i could of saw him over summer if i wasnt on vacation!!! fml
Thank you baby! Good luck to you, and congrats as well! You deserve it, I was rooting for you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Every wonder how many angles you have? all of them! they insisted!
Cinco De Mayo, what a day...it sounds like a lot of fun, but why do so many get hurt on this day?
Thanks to everyone who came out to visit the Peter's Party booth at the Portland Golf Show this weekend!
fa sho man.
Going to the lake
Q: Could #Finland join the situation in #Syria?
Never tell "friends" too much, not everybody has good intentions.
I wish that the Grammy's weren't going down the drain with the rest of the music industry. Nominees who use auto-tune, where are the 80's...
Lol oh all these are waiting for the same doctor ... They've been waiting since 2
Covario Sees Highest Growth in Latest Search Agency Rankings by Ad Age - MarketWatch (press release)
Last day of the Ms. Pacman tourney! Current hi-score is 266,940. Honorable, but totally beatable! Come beat it for the $15 gift cert. prize.
lol, that was smooth :)
So Loe would be the pitcher of record right now, right? Talk about being rewarded for mediocrity ...
no, but has oc"s back! RT : is there a popchipsOC?
I feel like gets a new theme every few months. Hasn't reached levels but it is up there.
My lil brother spazz out wen I get ready to cut his hair..lol
RT Join us at #futrchat discussing the future of museums with and others! Happening now!
Sitting with on our office balcony hoping to #SpotTheShuttle!!!!
u said OVTI can't "execute"; laughable comment given their cameras have been in every apple product sans back camera of iPhone 4s
My 9 yr old just put my 5 yr old's hair into 2 braids. I love when they're so cute and sisterly.
Happy birthday to me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
But I guess I can live without you, but without you Ill be miserable at best. <3
hey wats up ima b in cali im tha am miss ya
There keshia go...
is your brother on twitter?
One Price For Any Size Flyer We Print!
I lovee you :D
<U+200E>"Never settle for being a character in someone else’s story when you are meant to be the author of your own"-
hello twitter
I don't quite know how to say, how I feel.
I am NOT watching #Scandal tonight will watch tomorrow. Blocking
- we've been waiting for you to follow us! ;-) Thanks for the follow!
this morning, literally I was parked for 20 mins
Inspired by projects at LA's A+D Museum and learned a ton about Los Angeles history to boot!
Additional nuggets not nuggest...
come try it. At least I got a job!
#worstthingever potty mouth.
Jesus christ I need a tan. I've had 7 months of fucking winter hahah
Sounds good, stand by.
JHarmony back now sorry i been gone for a lil min, what it do twitter
Porn films should probably just be categorized as romance comedies.
Don't forget, #CelebrateAU starts in 30 min on the quad. Hundreds of free, limited edition #wonk T-shirts available.
Not really, if you look up shots to take the lead or tie in crunch time, Lebron has him beat by a lot. And I hate Kobe soo much!
I am feeling very aware of the thousands of hair follicles on my head right now
At Qualcomm Stadium.
we would love to work with you, this is such a critical cause.
Headache in my left eye :( ehhh
Maya's new desserts start tonight at Fresh, Happy Hour all night in the bar tonight!!!
Join us Tonight a new episode which includes many of the LA Zombies dancing their brains out in a new concept of Flash MObs
Great time at the 5k run/walk for this morning! Started pouring towards the end! Keep it up walkers!
MONEY LIKE FISHES SO YOU KNOW THAT I NEED MO
My dad is the chef at D'Vine! I showed him the picture, how fun.
GTL at Platinum Tan
impossible ti find but I'm here! Where are you and h?
do it girl i wish i could
They're great! I've got stacks of their SM baseball cards! We'll def hit you up. =)
Thank you for giving all of us a bit of light every morning and afternoon...keep up the excellence!
Aminotropen stacks are freaky sample are ready MAX MUSCLE ABQ
A romantic guy >>>>
Show me Your Glory <3
Thai food... Two college guys nxt to me sound like a pair of chicks from Encino Valley.
I thought I had a joke, but I gots nothin
Hard to believe I broke a bone in my foot golfing
Or earning smiles as the case may be.
Im calling it: Brock, who was fired, interferes and cost Cena the match. So predictable.
George as always. . Not sure who will do video, if anyone.
But seriously go follow
This is Singapore style rain in LA!!
I don't like to express my feelings to anyone. I try, but iDon't like to. It just makes me feel..... /:.
then shout me out
i hope he does! :)
Everyone willingly chooses their path in life. Whether they're honest or a liar, a good person or a shit bag. Quit blaming everyone else. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Good morning everyone! It's a great day so far and I hope you all are enjoying your church services. I have my Joel Osteen on tv right now:)
Now on to boards and commissions at #Chulavista city council. Should some of them be consolidated?
Mr. Gladwell - Our president loves your book "Outliers: The Story of Success" and he recently blogged about how great it was o ...
isn't tj just the finest? And talented! I'm sure he'll do well in his post cnn career
Follow this Awesome Girl ;)
Get the community talking about stuff they know. Listen rather than tell!
I owe you an email. Sorry for the delay!!
justin you and your new look are more sexy than ever
thank you
should I text you a pic of it? hahah
I'm a curious person myself and you ask good questions.
Welcome to Twitter -Junior tennis players, parents, and fans in Northern Illinois make sure you follow for up to date info
thanks for the follow!
There's nothing a late night swim can't fix!
East, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, West
Thanks & have a great weekend!!
We are Livestreaming the #TEDxYouth event presentation in the plaza at the Little Haiti Cultural Ctr or catch it from home! 11/20 at 6:30 pm
your blog has me kicking around the idea of trying Match again. Please talk me out of it.
“The next best thing to winning is losing! At least you’ve been in the race.”
Amazing job last night! Encore was one of the best I have seen!
Learning stuff from the legendary It's a good day.
I feel like this year is already going so fast.
Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works
how come ALL the officials suck at their jobs?
can somebody come sing with me?
nobody likes an egg
Pics from SD FBLA & DECA 2011 Fall Leadership Conference are on facebook. Search FOCUS (ALL CAPS) Training, like the page, click on photos.
Yeah both of you are really strong!
I know you are right. I just couldn't resist.
My dream: I was hanging out with somewhere near Cornell. She was hosting a TV show. And her name was Cathy, not Barbara.
Things in life change from day to day. Embrace the good times you share together. And smile when you can. It will brighten someones day! : )
Who goes shopping at 9 o'clock on a Saturday life?
We love you too!!!
Carolina BBQ in slow cooker, baked beans, cole slaw, roasted potatoes and beer
Rümi lounge tonight no cover 21+ welcome $4 drinks and shots all night $5 cucumber martini's all night hope too see Yall there!!
chowin dwn.gotta headache from hell..
Hope to see you in September after I've been unveiled.
Wearing my mets sweatshirt walking to bus in DC... Got 2 let's go mets!
Good Morning Beautiful People , I'm in such a happy mood this morning :)
that makes us feel so much closer to you! Thanks!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone! Eat lots of #Tacos and drink lots of #margaritas! But be safe! {{HUGS}}
Yep its pretty bad RT : It's just about like #facebook lol
YEAH BUCKS! That's how games against Michigan should go!
Andrew Luck getting a pre rush bid. TFM
I am a sucker for express delivery.
I hate the plastic thing over my iPhone because it's falling off and I paid a good 3$ for that.
Love what you guys did tonight!! Congrats Lorraine!
Having someone pissed at you is doubly bad when you deserve it. :/
hows it going man? And then realize it isn't Kris Letang. It could happen to anyone really.
I Can swing by now, if you would like?
What would be some of the economic benefits of passing the #DREAMAct?
lol I forgot
your welcome!(:
Kim is obviously my favorite since she's my dear cousin.. But comes in a close second!
Stressed. Depressed. But well dressed.
We're with Lee RT : Phil in PA predicts more winter, Lee in GA predicts early spring. Weather prediction is hard work.
Mm seems like I have to have a talk with someone tomorrow.
hope you enjoyed you time off!! xx
Thurman, Iowa, too? My next door neighbor grew up there. Heartbreaking!
Still alive for you love.
“: Good catching up w/ the homies & today. #follow these DJs” Nice seeing you homie!
im lookin for ya!!!
TGIF!!!!! IT SURE IS FRIDAY, TIME FOR GOOD FOOD, GOOD MUSIC, AND GREAT PEOPLE! JOE HUNTER TRIO TONIGHT WITH DORIS LONG 7PM
Yay! I'm so excited :)
Birthday princess <3 (y) Finally 17 (:
It's a Camry. They usually go for a LONG while.
We tend to get in the way of our blessings, get out the way and let God do his job.......
whats your wii characters name?
Another bitchy night for Christina. >:-p
It's a guised injunction against Occupy Denver-type actions. The ban will have no teeth when it comes to the homeless...
So I awoke to find myself once again with a prostitute ...
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,
Be back later
Great news Knicks fans. Amare will be back to hold the dust pan while Miami sweeps.
Man, working a lot this weekend. Full eight tomorrow and more than 12 hours of work at Six Flags on Sunday. Gotta make that $$$$
oh yeah <3
I call her my baby,she call me her pacifier...
well it isnt all bullshit...my names correct
haha ah! Why do insanely hot people have to live so far away! Such as, the state Florida. D:<
I Hate Math , i try my best to pass I always end up failing it o:
Happy Happy Birthday BAABBBYY! Larry turned 50 yesterday.
Omigosh, yes! Young love and 1965 summer camp and Bill Murray? I'm trying so hard not to read the Cannes reviews.
A big thank you to all of our new followers this weekend. We really appreciate it!
I've been having to deal with a lot of binding issues on 30 year old, U-Matic tapes today.
The end point of leadership is not just the position of power we reach, but the continual change and deepening we experience that makes a...
#DWADE Dunking on everyone right now.
RT Hey I bet your child don't know who's titty to suck
Gracias, I am planning the 'day after' brunch. 'Ya coming???
I'll talk with Spencer and find out. We'll shoot you an email. Thanks for the support
Is Lame Cause She Doesnt Follow Me
my god is it gorgeous today.
Considering becoming a vegan. I think it would be really great for my desire to feel like I'm better than other people.
Huntsville. Where are you going? Gulf Shores? Pensacola?
Cheers! RT Finish line, baby.
You are way too kind! Thank you!
you should be honored you have the same name as Rob Stark king of the north
extremely disappointed
I feel great :D
poor kid got his ass kicked.
Packed and ready to go. #NFLX and Super bowl Village.
aw yep the stuff that makes life good...friends...well most of the x anyway lol
lol word! that's the wack shit right there
We're still gonna win the series though.
I totally agree.
who the heck knows how much you make, it would just be a whole lot. I am my own Walmart, Target and so on and so forth
Chinese for dinner, DQ for a twist and dessert
":"Joe Paterno lived 99.99% of his adult life as a noble man..." Actually over 12% his life he protected a serial child rapist
Just when I thought today couldn't get any more ridiculous #IWasWrong #IsItMyBirthdayYet?
We found love in a hopeless place<3
RT : The Digital Edge Live conference looks great - nice that is speaking <Thx Ted s/b great!...
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen This damn essay :/
We ready! We ready!
Thank you Tim Hinchey and for the hospitality you have shown the Timbers. Doesn't change the fact that we're coming to win!
shuda came to brunch
Drinking a #MonsterEnergyDrink while sick ? Oh Hell yeah I am. C:
and lovelyladyae have over here tickled to death lol
Boyfrans are lame
The power of a leader is not in the answers spoken but in the questions asked.
My Celtics Won :)))
So many reasons to tweet...when something funny happens, when you wanna share something you did, or just general nonsense! :)
What is going on with Megan P lately?
Was that a sponsored tweet?
Happy Veterans Day thanks to all those in service past and present
one night just one night how about a guys night out! ;)
It's jackhammer season by the lake.
no Mikki... YOU rock
- took the 8:19 so no big deal, thanks for the commuter support ;)
Oh yeah, I do remember you. It has been a while. Thank you for finding me. Let's not ever lose contact once more.
I agree on both counts! Gigi is just GORGEOUS. The outfits, the scenery
About to Perform !" ^.^
WIFE! I guess his decision making is not as bad as they make it out to be then ": wife bro!! Lol"
I can't wait, either.
Thanks for the RT !
RT Irish Fest begins Thursday! Come enjoy a bit of Ireland, right here in Milwaukee.
Good for him. Such a fantastic storyline there. The last few levels were really, really good.
: Some fucking slore asked me to pushed her out to her car in a motorized cart because it was dying Me: (._____.)
whats so wrong with that?! Teenage men are attractive! :D
still waiting for that
Every penny counts!
We're hosting a free networking event tonight at the Wellesbourne in Santa Monica at 8pm. Who's coming?!
#CelebrityTwitterPasswords jerry...wait, it's too long.
Sound Advice: Using a digital camera as a camcorder - The Republic
I hope the #bears, #lions, #49ers and #giants bring it this season
I think he's going to walk based on the charge. If it were manslaughter, I could see a conviction.
Drinking black coffee. would be proud.
"Just like a sunbeam can't separate itself from the sun, and a wave can't
Number 20 at my local voting location @ 7:30am. Don't forget to vote today!
Me too! or the south. or the southwest. or the southeast. Oh wait....pretty much not NORTHEAST
We'll be at Club One Silicon Valley on Wed. from 4pm-8pm getting fancy. What will you be doing?
came a long way u did to cousin im proud of yall
You acting kinda shady. Ain't calling me baby. Boy you playing games.
These little girls walk slow >:o
Time to #dowork on this final paper! :)
smog check station open as we speak
The best movie I have seen this year #ThinkLikeAMan very entertaining
Illinois, Kansas, & Maryland I think.
Zoom by Istvan Banyai: Get closer...closer...closer...closer...closer...closer...
check out my last RT --
Working last night on getting the new website rolling. Thoughts? BigBandBoom.com
you'll do great :)
That's awesome. See if the production needs a marketing company. Check us out at our website www.creativevisions.us
Tee hee LOVED THE RANT :P I'm A #Hufflepuff and I freaking love you <7 MAGICAL LOVE
With 3:33 left in 1st quarter. Kings up 22 to 15. Jermaine Mason solid from mid range. King Stockton with 3 blocks.
Knowing tomorrow won't be any better <
In more embarrassing news, I just accidentally sat on a naked woman in my gym's steam room.
Twitter makes me kinda happy.
pretty good :) yours?
yu got sum fire ready??
'Abdu'l-Bahá: “The greatest wars and massacres were perpetrated in the name of religion.” #239DaysLive [1/2]
Like mother. Like daughter. Except, quite the head start. Rofl.
i made a new word LOOF it means stupid dum ass...spread it around
: I've watched old ones. They're nothing compared to this lol
totally hear you on that, man. :0\
Would love to promise live updates from MSG tonight, but that place is a bizarre wormhole of service. Just have to imagine what I'm thinking
Sen. Cornyn is at the AT&T ballroom at 8:45, no?
gawwwwd the #Pistons are BAD. How can #Detroit fans justify paying the ticket prices?!? Microwave, Mahorn, Zeek, Spider, Buddha!!!
Everytime I lay down I can never fall asleep bc I instantly start coughing.
whens the new cd coming out
Look at us now!.. Neva thought ital turn out like dis!..
How cute!!! I love your models!!!
is this more or less than usual?
A kid brought a bb gun to school lmao
R.I.P Donna Summer We Love To Love You. :}
you're just jealous.
I miss my phone... Ive lost communication =/
YOU got this!God has already given you the gifts.Your art has touched many lives,may it always nurture your SOUL and SPIRIT!
"When I wake up, only thing on my mind is get this cake up. Ain't no time to sleep I gotta stay up. We gon get this money"
Welcome to FEBRUARY people.
when i get bored, i play dress-up games because i have no life!
tell me about it .. it would be a perfect end to a other wise shitty year
Don't u think Bulls should cut JL3 and keep Mike James?
Hi lady D! Ah, sync'd minds! Lol How are you? Long time no see :(
Thursday after my last exam I am gonna lock myself in my room and pass the eff out.
I need someone to call me.
I JUST WATCHED IT AGAIN I STILL DIDN'T SEE IT
Getting ready to join Frank Pastore on KKLA radio in Los Angeles. He called an hour ago as I pulled into LAX to fly home
We'll see ya tonight at the masquerade! We hit the stage at 7:30 \m/
FUCK. Back to sweating.
The Logan Center for the Arts is an enormous asset to our students.
It's amazing how dudes can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.
<U+2665> RT Thanks for helping me spread Grace!
I never knew love would feel like a heart attack I never knew love would hurt this fuckin' bad The worst pain that I ever had
Gahh had to wake up at 6:00 and go to whitchita wish mee luck guys! On my boxing match today! ( plzz jesus let ms win this last fight!
As if posting multiple pictures of simba wasn't enough is going to grace twitter with thousands of pictures of her new cat
If you want to see a gorgeous girl with a beautiful voice charming and funny then go see Headscarf and the Angry Bitch.
Door knocking to let community members know about the planned renovation to Linda Vista Hospital! Come to info meeting 2/2, 5:30-7:30pm!
I feel like I'm on the slippery slope of a political tweet.
enjoy the celebration tomorrow!
I think not enough people saw #Shame. Too late for the nominations, but GO SEE IT. It's a brilliant piece of film-making
Party on party on all night nigga
which is why there is probably more that went into final decision. Arbitrator is smart man, has job for reason.
lol o no
Guess I'm not going to work today
Ok, so who among my followers have the biggest-name followers? Who has the most impressive follower? Hit me up! (:
Traffic when you get off work.....
food stamp president? i guess newt got tired of using the word socialist instead of the n word.
follow back?(:
So go, get swiss rolls, I will still be waiting here, when you bring back more swiss rolls.
You are having one HELLUVA sports weekend, huh?
because I'm just such a quality person >:D
There's something beautiful about breaking routines. A late-night dog walk tonight made my neighborhood particularly striking.
God bless Bradford James Cox.
Hey!;) thanks for the follow!;)
That's huge. What a dope collaboration. Have a great set.
Will you audition next year, because I have a feeling that you can win it!! :)
Justin Bieber Drummer Boy . > > >
oh haha well in that case, thats IS stalkerish! lol i guess it makes sense though, if u go to their page to follow them
–author of the column Ask a Mexican– presents his new book: Taco USA. April 13, Brava theater, 7pm. SF.
There were several missed opportunities for gorgeous aerial shots right by the race, lovingly caressed in 10sec like the #TdF does.
ME EEP :D
I'm very jealous
RT : I swear only Lame nigga hype up these Ratchet bitches.<<<ain dat the truth
I LOVE Friends!
she should sing that song, she has a powerful voice, so I'm pretty sure she would dominate it! :D
RT I love playing basketball with a shot clock :)
Some lady on this plane has a tiny dog in a bag and it won't stop barking because it's a tiny dog in a bag.
When the heat of the sun and the cool of the breeze equal each other out, it's great
Thank you for the follow also!
goal time for Saturdays Indy #MiniMarathon ???
Wooooot! Which one did you go with?
We wish nothing but the best for you. Play on.TRB
God Morning!
Beer in plastic cups.
lol oh my bad...these are all jokes ppl!!! Well some of them lol jk
No one ever loved anyone the way that person wanted to be loved.
u finally on twitter YAY lol
Meet the Kintern: Kenton Visser sure knows how to make us laugh. He's from Champaign, IL and studied Illustration at SCAD. "I like being...
On vacation?
Ever since I got prayed for last night for my back it hasn't hurt at all. I can't thank Jesus enough for healing my back!
NERD ALERT! i'm spending valentines day with my LA girls: Lily, Claire and Julia, the women of my book Ghost Station.
yes it is manual. So it creates jobs for people who can take a picture and tell a thousand words, or likely 160 characters.
The debate rages on. Should the Association of Medical Illustrators change it's name? Do YOU know what a Medical Illustrator is/does?
My hair is wild today...ask me if I care.lol
Nobody makin free throws
Whos got their #BellBottoms on &ready for a Wild night ? w/ only #BellBottoms = FREE Admission til 11
Some people try so hard to get retweets by putting kiss ass tweets
best Super Bowl team: #NYGiants. best Super Bowl ad: Samsung. though I liked the Sketchers too.
letz do it! we'll have a mud war ;)
I'VE BEEN A LIFELONE MILEAGE PLUS CUSTOMER. SINCE YOUR MERGER, YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE (PHONE & WEB) IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST.
It's too bad you didn't cite Javascript. That would have caused me some embarrassment at work.
agree with you on that
Bill Cunningham is truly a worthwhile movie.
had a dream last niight that I had sex with the irish guy from bridesmaids :/
Just got the "Live Riot" album by !! Love it already
Thank you! The Beauty Pass is great!!!
I haven't seen it yet, but I'm already bummed about the reimagining of Irene Adler. :( #Sherlock (the Granada version was also kinda lame)
Man I love myself
what up Jason!!! How are things going brother...
is such a fuqen debbie downer!
I'm a fan til I die, but there needs to be a line of optimism/loyalty and being realistic. FIX THE PROBLEM, FELLAS!
Sun rain showers....
I will email u:) xoxo
'your heretical words moisten Paul's balls with worry. May his Balls-Based Anatomy enlighten you and show you the way.' Lolwat?
Anyone else experiencing AT&T outage? I got nada on any phone
ha I forgot to buy one on the way to work so I guess I will get one on the way home lol
Tell it, girlfriend! Work that confidence!
Aw!!!!that just made my day !!!<3
sorry to hear that. Hope the rest of your time there is/was shit free.
strive to include total body workouts like cardio exercises, strength training, core training and stretching/flexibility
agreed. its a beautiful home.
Yes, daunting! Do you have any film festivals that you really liked?
I don't know why, but your comment on my GAC video on youtube was marked as spam. I tried to respond to you though :)
If you’re watching sports with your kids and an athlete does something amazing, always say “He/She drank their milk.”
Happy Assistant's Day to all of you assistants today! Today is your day! : )
You'll get a lot of exercise if you can make it all three...
I suspect my Indy tweeps are feeling worse than we cheeseheads did when Favre left (given that Peyton is not a total douchenozzle).
Restaurant bans kids under age 6. They say they have a good reason. Story coming up on
what's the email addy? I got the video!
CHAD ANDREWS DOING GREAT WORK! RT : Men are off here in #tampacrit Luis Zayas from EBP crying takes the 1st prime of the night
craziest and good memories. especially in that house ! and um i dont rememberr lol.
#Raw later lets go
Sitting in the hallway its too cold outside
Found out I am going to be an aunt. Not by a blood family member but I have known that I will be the only one to spawn for some time now.
Kanye.... I could care less weather or not you get into your zone. God I hate that part of the song.
Chuck sheen is dangerously close to having a mullet in his car commercial.
We are voting for and on #TheVoiceUK AMAZING AMAZING voices, Teams and
Next on the BCC agenda finish final editing our music video to "Energy" and prepare for next show. Bite of Seattle Sunday July 17th
Ally Financial's mortgage unit nears bankruptcy-sources
nothing bout to shower
Sunday night TV is always something to look forward to ~
Fair enough. How are you feeling, good sir? I know it sounds crazy, but I think about you. Not in that way.
I will always love u Best song evar
Gin Blossoms, or Better Than Ezra?
Don't forget to being a donation for the if you are going to our concert this afternoon at !
Check this out and be blessed!
how cool is that? Was he filming for the show?
RT NO PG is seeing in 2013. He maybe be the best PG regardless of class !! Yeah he that good ....
As I plant #tomatoes, I visit memories of my Father & Grandfather. They taught me to #PlantWithLove New season, fresh hopes.
The #SuperBowl commercials are somewhat lame this year. Any chance of bringing Terry Tate or the Wassup Bud guys back??
are you sure?
Do you think an ocean of tears is enough?
I'm just tryna tap my foot to the beat
How you eat may depend on who you re eating with, according to a new study.
Napped today, had a dream I was married to Why did it have to end?):
It's so cold this morning in h-town.
Happy Easter loves! :)
A man in a wheelchair rolling backward through Clovis traffic—a toddler walking a dog between cars—a man leaving his truck to beat a woman.
Unanimous vote I'm still a rodent for the chedder
anyone know where I can buy mp3 of #Drake 's #Successful ? Can't find it on itunes
LOL it was a light brown/dark blonde probably hidden under a hat anyway
are you still looking to fill the Web PM postition? Deadline says 9/30 but it's still posted... would love to join the team!
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Sure do wish that Starbucks wouldn't force us to drink Pike's Place in the afternoon.
sure followed
thanks for the post
yaya i have visitors coming today!!!
#MyLastWishFor2011 is for an end to world hunger by 2020.....
PSA shower ya queen wit gifts yr round & its gonna be sweet yr round everyday make it special rebuild yo shit daily show her she appreciated
yea and he puts as much force on his body as a spaceship...cmon
Doing her daily routine by myself becuz she isn't here today. Feel Better gen.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
Of course you can! Congrats on the A! You deserve to celebrate :)
I'm at Copley Square (Copley Square, Boston) w/ 4 others
well if you listen to the broadcast, you will probably hear the word popup zone about 67 times
Mark Cuban: Heavily Invested In Patent Law Reform
Great minds think alike!!!
morning! We need vols for Friday night #GreenAcresGala. Can you help #spreadtheword?
Tonight is a good night for roleplaying. I say that every Friday night.
Is so happy it is beginning to feel alot like Christmas...
Was feeling so proud of how well I did financially last year, until TurboTax told me how much I owed : (
Good that POTUS supports same-sex marriage. However, still think he should give Romney back his Etch-a-Sketch....
CHECK OUT www.clubGFX.com to see some of our portfolio!!!!!!!.
It's not what car or bike you are driving, but what's driving you from inside. When Passion drives you, you'll be driving with the Classes.
yea something, Lennox Lewis.Roy Jones. Type shit at least.lol
Pam thick
i heard maiya signed with YMCMB. True?.
Oh, fuck... I was off popping popcorn. No need to "be nice" on my account! Give him what for. Arrogant jackass.
Busy Busy here at the shop today, plus new shirts are on display now!
Lol omg if only answered DM's, then I could ask him boy advice, since he seems to be an expert :p ahha I wish
So much for sleep! Didn't hear sirens go off either! Inconsistency that is weather alert system in Minnesota!
I fucking hate being lied to.
Crap. Now I have to go rent something. haha
Something apparently enraged it appears. Brohan is spitting hot fire atm.
Protein Power Up! This Week's Special: 25% OFF ALL Protein Supplements!
try those little motion sickness stickers that go behind your ears. I saw those a lot on my cruises. If that fails...drink a lot!
Dilemma of the night: What should I get delivered for dinner.
Tonight's project: Assembly of #IKEA dresser.
"Yellow missing signs faded from all this time-I need to know...where'd you go?" ::someone still loves you boris yeltsin::
Dude i could watch Cake Boss all day.
Oh & the fam decided that June 9th is perfect for our house warming party......
Cookin' up bacon & eggs in honor of watching the #HungerGames tonight.
If this little nigga dont pay up mine, bullets will start patten this bitch face. Its make up time!.
awesome. How was urs?
I'm going to live-tweet The Incredibles right now. Cause I'm super busy.
Thank you! That was so special. Don't make me cry on Twitter! Love you always.
Writing an article about our Concept Z home for a green magazine & website.
JW Marriott at LA Live? Nice choice.
hey its good food!
Yes, sir. MRT : Let our message be the ... belief that all men & women who share love should be treated equally under the law.
there were earthquakes today ? apparently, i'm oblivious to a lot of things.
Happy Friday though!
Ditto for Anthony Davis looking at Charlotte Bobcats . . .
lets go to her game hahahaha
is looking forward to going into rehearsals next week for the Independent Feature Film with a "working title" of "Glass Bristols."
(oh no!! poor thing!!) RT : it's so hot I'm freezing! The AC in this building is bonkers.
In honor of Nat'l Poetry Month, when you share a Zipcar haiku w/us today, you could win $25 driving credit! (5-7-5 = $25)
Aye Im chilling. How u Mami?
Thanks so much!
Sadly we don't know enough to pick. Who is your favorite?
Sounds like a plan. Enjoy.
Oh snap ladies! Guess who this is?
Melo sounds exactly like Kevin Garnett in Minnesota before he got Ray, Paul and Doc.
"Make sure you stand up for what’s right before you sit down to write about what’s wrong"
Esoteric thought of the day: There's too much opportunity talk, not enough creative/productive energy focused on trade-offs and limitations
sorry...I'll text ya ;)
No outdoor events today in the Washington, DC Area. It is very hot here!
Im in one of those moods where the only thing to make me feel better is finding out someone from high school got either fat or pregnant.
“: Wish I was chillin at Overton Park today . #Memphis”
and TJs year in Seattle with Deion branch. Down year for both players in 09
I got 144,480 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. Im so addixted to this. omg
So proud of you, POTUS!
Running outside only form of working out gotta do what u have to in Chicago
I just saw someone wheeling around Spuds Mckenzie in a baby carriage. Totally creeped me out.
i often gauge by how quickly i get to "so, this is where I am today..." And then to questioning my life choices.
that awkward moment when you ask someone if they won but they lost and then you don't know what to say...
I feel for #Bruins fans everywhere today. I know what it's like. I kind of want to give all of you a hug and a chocolate milkshake.
Omg!!! Why isn't Netflix working for me?
I get fruit & veg at farmers mrkt that I bike to, but milk at store. WF & TJ's too far, +TJ's puts everything in plastic.
This weather gets me mad
This Day in History: May 10, 1994 Nelson Mandela is inaugurated as South Africa’s first democratically elected president. RT |
Thank you for taking time to look! Let us know if youre interested in promoting with us!
just a little lol
Happy birthday !
Good morning everybody
First day working on a story with a boy that has autism in New Haven
Hahaha! My Facebook status say it al.
Thanks for your thoughtful input.
making fun of the Bigfoot shows on TV is one of my favorite pass times :')
I still need Gwen Stefani to help me spell b-a-n-a-nas!!!!
lets get going!!! so ready for #hansonday!!!
thank so so much but I didn't want to be Ur friend anymore cuz u were hating me and everything wat happened 2 Sis 43v3r?
No problem!
Congratuations to for his Bernays Lifetime Achievement Award! Glad I'm learning from one of the best!
Indeed it is! I look forward to talking to you more/again. And everyone else at
If was talking about you ugly want a bee ghetto bitch lmfaoo ohh man
almost. better than nothing!
Thanks for the RT and ! Do you like the article?
Seriously? Do you have a pic?
Hockey fans, follow for updates from tonight's #Bruins #Pens game live from the !
Today we're in the shop looking at one another and saying, "Luke who?"
will do...see u soon
archeologists challange idea of 'first' americans migration from asia...article by Gareth Cook in todays boston globe
+ So...why is this piece focused entirely on the Asian women and their "choices"? Gender, race, and marriage are socially constructed: +
Really?!?! (Immediately rushes to Netgalley)
Stomach issues..
2 extra Rose Bowl tix available. Hit me up for details.
Thanks sweetie! Following back! : )
gahahah oh wow alex
Maybe I should reconsider moving to IL where a state has a passion for
no it's not! and he'd obviously be upset! Please don't do it!!!!!<333333333
Today has been such a long day!
fall next year lol! Still wanna come lol :P
I tried scanning my Capital Metro monthly pass w/ my phone, and it didn't do anything. It did recognize my Car2Go card, though.
My best friend is an ASL worker and her husband asked her to marry her in sign language. He had to learn how to sign it.
David Marks of the #BeachBoys was here for opening day in '62, wrkd as an usher in '88 & told me his favorite moment is Gibson's homerun!
hahahaha I know ;) lucky :)
thanks for following
Gov. Wise: Digital learning offers an opportunity to better prepare students for the future
Congrats Alexa ! RT
Good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Prior to you can really begin setting financial goals, you have to determine where you stand financially.
he wanna go eat tomorrow. Idk where yet. I told him that I'm doing something with u this weekend cuz he tryna suck up all
You are very kind, I appreciate your words more than I could say. We will miss you at USF.
why are there pictures of William Levy's penis on my dashboard....
Very informative presentation by with about how to deal with negative WOM criticism towards your brand.
Ok, so the books seem to me as 'low value' (since the PD and easily downloadable/obscurable via Onion/Tor)
Love this! Then where... Scotland? I'm gonna quit my job and be your travel assistant
the creator of uses ! great way to split dinner checks among friends! :-)
you forgot to clock out.
That's INSANE. Exactly right.. If they don't take cards they should have an ATM. P.S. WHO DON'T TAKE CARDS??
If you'd like yes.
haha nice! We alternate music, podcasts or audio books and tv/movies. My mom is my biz partner so we have an assembly line.
awww so Julie isn't in her honeymoon after all, maybe she'll take that trip later ;)
Thanks to for all of your wonderful social media support behind #Benetwit. You guys are awesome!
don't bother. The rapture Is coming
I don't even know what to say . . .
Another RWr reply from "In the Bubble" 'Im Not' !! Really??
Thanks for following! We love sports, work in commerical finance and are a fam biz too :) Looking forward to connecting!
I stand corrected. My last post I said MEDSONIX.INFO "HEALS PEOPLE... They never said it. More like. EFFECTIVELY TREATS, MS, Arth, Diabetes.
sent you a mail via your website about working together. hope to hear from you
Closed on two new #sportsbiz partnerships this week. National B2B potential is huge. Excited to announce shortly.
I figured that would have been a picture of your limo driver. Threw me for a loop.
Forgot how annoying parents can be
that could be it. That video was actually taken in Marin County, CA, but that makes as much sense as anything else.
": Anyone who wears false eyelashes between 9am & 5pm is my mother%king hero"
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Their is a lot to be thankful for but still more work to do to make it great. Best to all.
Why is there So Much Sex Appeal coming from this Waitress at Red Lobster?
Greenwald's coming to Boise. Pass.
Caps ahead 1-0 in Boston. Bats ahead 6-1 in San Diego. Wooohoo DC sports!
Got my Prom dress today!
No biggie! Good morning, dude! :-)
he was just walking behind me and he goes "idk why but lately everyones been telling me I reek of weed"...
This season of Jersey Shore has not been very good.
never got #TheWantedInWisconsin trending. kinda upset but life goes on. welcome to wisconsin #TheWantedInWisconsin :)
don't get why everyone assumes a healthy Stafford is automatic playoff-caliber.
hi Pam
Love it!
Without a relationship with Jesus Christ baptism is nothing more than a cheap bath!
Congrats to and 2011 Livingston Award finalists. Deserved recognition of young excellence in journalism.
Only a few hours til sundown! Have you had your free cookies today?! Hurry in! :D
Up early to DANCE MY ASS OFF! All day! #HipHopAllDayBitches!
Ideally, if you name something Crystal City, it should look exactly like the set of Logan's Run - not the backlot!
FINALLY some1 mentions this!!! RT hey man, if you're asking your phone "is that rain?" it's intervention time.
haha dang I wasn't paying no attention
Sometimes you got to treat others like shit so they know how serious you are
livin the dream! RT : Hhmmm thinking about working from my fav coffee shop again today. After I ride of course
haha I figured , that's alright though!
Ready for tomorrow!! Geaux Saints!!! Who Dat!!
Students reply to all kinds of questions. Sometimes I let them pose the question.
positive vibes: sent. Good luck!
A lot of sacrifices in order accommodate a busy lifestyle...
Well done, sir! RT : Phone int went well, in person at Cambridge next month. Maybe we'll do some royal wedding crashing.
andrew luck the indianapolis colts quarterback!
Idk why people with small cars drive as if they drive a bigger car than they do! Smh move around
“: Let's go Texas! This game is hard to watch right now” tell me about it!
Had over 30cm of rain in last 24hrs - even the groundhog has his umbrella up and don't even mention chipmunks in waterproofs!!
Apple WWDC Sold out in 2 hours!! Now that is some serious demand. I wonder why they don't move it to a bigger facility than Moscone West.
i wanna go on one too!
Chris Paul will go to LA. LA is the only team that can offer New Orleans grade A players.
Both my boys are on antibiotics- but still racked with wicked coughs, and snotty. :(
HAHA omg he goes "so ms bennet did ya just decide to gouge down on it" your reply "yes" (while sobbing) hahahaha
": It's not always easy letting go of your past." Specially when your past tries to come back into your life.
Bout ready for this Knicks vs Heat game!!! let's see if the Knicks can stretch this out another game #WinOrGoHome ...
There's so many fake people in my school.
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! In Native American culture, the eagle is a teacher and represents great integrity.
Well I certainly didn't see THAT coming. Wow.
almost done recording this vocal. i guess it's kinda late......... oops
Niggas be desperate for fame. I'd rather be heard an un seen
Gate down on bikepath/bridge over Forest Park Pkwy, leaned it aganst the wall to avoid accidents etc.
The "rap" in The Gorrilaz songs ruin everything... Why did they added that? Is so unnecessary..
/ how do you feel about crazy courtney?
has an ego the size of #ChrisChristie's ass. He shd thank his Daddy everyday 4 getting his SI gig, cause he's got no talent.
Las Vegas Hotel's odds on a Super Bowl safety: Yes+900, No -1300. - courtesy of Darren Rovell.
Hey, I'm at Litfest Pasadena, doing Litfest Pasadena things...
Welcoming opening remarks by Marie Fitzgerald, Provost S. Loretta McGrann, Dean Richard Greenwald as we ready for
:( I will try to look it up for you later. & Miley Cyrus is here?
BTW, are you two - & - following each other? If not, you really must.
See!! I wasn't crazy :) RT : BTW I drove by and saw the gold ball, and its UP! Just thought you should know. HA!
you don't deserve that. I personally think you are gorgeous.
text me
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. ~Anthony Brandt
Watched "The Vicious Kind". It's hilarious & sad all combined. Liked it so much it's still on my mind.Tweeting to say what a movie find.
I would make you some of my "famous" #NoBakeCookies if I knew where to send them!! Better than Grannys!! :)
I I I Will Battle For The Sun!
Saddest. Thanksgiving. Pic. Ever. ;-)
Stacy Robinson, Wide Receiver on Giants' Super Bowl Teams, Dies at 50 - New York Times
Woke up at 6am this morning so I could get to work early. Instead I switched on 'Ferris Bueler's Day Off'. What an AWESOME old school movie
one of you tumblr genius's colorize the new jordan pic?
you think they will beat them by that much
Watching Madea's Big Happy Family this Easter day!
I agree. Had not watched in years. Watched the other nite and Anderson Cooper was just awful, doing the #GOP talking pts :(
Ryan Braun not even among the top five Brewers players in home runs this season. Hmm.
LOVE this video
all the winning entries will be entered in a draw to win a autograph
Now hiring promoters for Miami's most upscale venues DM for details!
You mad cause you can't afford her
<U+0093>The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.<U+0094> - Stephen Covey
I hope all of our friends goint to UT is okay. I know he didnt shoot anyone, but its still a tragic incident.
Please email us @ and we can figure it out.
Current tonight For VIP access- call 2022581567 Email-
Great day at the !
Nope! But that sounds incredible! Can u share the family recipe for...let's say, 400 Followers? LOL
Over 70 players in two weeks!
So true. “: Your brand and your culture have to be synonymous. #FMMIS”
my nose & forehead is bright red from the #brewers game yesterday... you can see where my sunglasses were :/
Ice cream!!
My dad just said "Hello, sexy..." to someone on the phone... I think I might puke
It’s just lunch! RT: : Bre Pettis: Eating together is the most important part of collaboration.
..dang, good pic!
": ...is it strange that I like to work on the floor more than in a chair ?"
thats next week
I hate when people add hideous photos of me on Facebook....
It never ceases to amaze me how #voiceover and #singing parallel each other in technique. I am thankful for those many years of vocal study.
ON A PARTY BOAT ON THE HUDSON RIVER! :D
BYU won't be easy but UNLV has a fair shot at it.
I think people have mixed up stories and are just slandering others
Typos...ugh. Those fabulous fish tacos & guacamole are at
good morning sweetie happy mother day I hope you have a great day
At Js Spring Band Concert. Just saw an SUV with sign that said " Dog is my Co_Pilot. Got close, & sure enough, dog was riding shotgun! LoL
we need another swisha
Get Well Soon
its soo refreshing :)
Students must be brought into the process, but we must also take the bull by the horns ourselves.
Someone must say the unsayable.
cute names for a pet ...
S/O To my new follow !!! Dm for my music links
For All Those Sleeping is one of the best bands ive heard in awhile!
Just saw the Thanksgiving Day message... Did you have a good run?
Oh! More snow! Or is it aerial slush? Can't be sure.
"music theory" 2.0 RT : music is here... but it always was, even when not mentioned explicitly
Shiiit. I know I'm about to gain hella mass using creatine but my goal is also to also burn fat. Is that even possible?
Emoticons serve as body language in the digital world #TAS11 #attensity analyzes
Hold the rope!
Just deleted you turkey
the Kristy Lee Cook prophecy applies to Phillip too. He's from Kristy Leesburg Cook and went to Kristy Lee Cook high school
thank you for having us! once again a very successful event!
WHERE IS MY DAD.
what? were you driving? </3 ;((
#Cheers to our new followers!
RT Man I Need To Go To Bed, I Got School Tomorrow :D *I Mean* D:
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms in the evening. Then scattered showers...
9am-3pm. Have a great music concert. I am hoping to make it down there.
I never want to look at these essays again. Probably won't at the rate Mrs. Dooley grades papers...
Hang tough David. You must be ahead if they are attacking you. The only stuff I got in the mail today was attacks.
wait i just read that! you dont know my life lmao
Lol! Nanny Nanny Boo Boo, Stick Your Head In DooDoo! ;D
yeah its pretty good if u're n2 anime/cartoons
Im finna be a senior!!!!!!
Aww, you know you want some fries. : )
When someone clicks through to my website from my Goodreads ad, I get to see what book they were looking at at the time.
RT WE LOVE VEGAS
Dunno :/ I think the follow messed up (if you followed me?). I don't see you anywhere.
Hey old people, cut out the winking
The best way to beat a #nutter, is to become a #nutter!
Finally in
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
practicing now. Play sunday
Rescue Ringling's Abused Elephants!
Was rooting for Texas last night, but congrats to #Cardinals! I always wonder if they just toss the losers shirts that were made?
I want them to get some momentum back for at least game 7
oh damn. i think I just missed a great opportunity for a crack about prehistoric humor. eh, i clocked out early today.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
Da fuck u mean u out of strawberry soda?
Hate= Having A Toxic Existence
Right?! Who showcases their time in custody?
Since isn't in WI yet, I have no choice but to fly to Philly to get my fix tonight w
Sounds fun.
How To Hate is so powerful. I love that song. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
I hope I can get over this public humiliation of being shot down for lunch! What would you like and I'll bring lunch to you.
Is it just your dead ex-mayor's imagination, or is it getting awfully wintery here?
I enjoy how my body has adapted to being fueled by caffeine instead of sleep.
New years is comin. If I don't get a call for the studio,think I'm gonna do the tourist thing(hat and all) and watch the ball drop!
You better.
Thanks! RT : Now he looks like a good time! Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
Where are you rolling around to here in Lex? You should Stop by 1423 Audubon Ave and play some ball! #retweet?
nice touch with the link in the wrong answer message
INCREDIBLY inspiring speech by !
Reels of home movies labeled "Sputnik" from eBay were eagerly anticipated til they arrived & discovered Sputnik was a family dog
easy there big fella that's no way to talk to someones daughter haha
i've been up for almost 24 hrs but had the most engaging day: awesome presentation to org leadership, in depth ceo discussion panel
Seriously exhausted... Ugh
Yesterday was history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift, thats why its called present.
Big game this weekn in san jose
Oh, and happy birthday to two of literature's most lovable fools: Fred and George Weasely! :)
Definitely need to use my Flipboard better. Set up more RSS searches.
that awkward moment when the drinks arent on the menu and you have no idea what is included in coke products.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2236 calories! on 4/27/12 at 8:14 PM
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. ~Mother Teresa
Some random nigga called me and cussed me out on my voicemail lmaao o.O
I think its suppose to me done
For the record I strongly support a safe and vibrant Palestine but only if there is peace and no terrorism.
Playing downtown #Nashville Tonight w/ (10-close)
Don't trip.. Um on the way to this money I might break u off a lil somethin haha
venue looks dope....food looks off the chain...do they hook up artists?
Our alumni concert starts in less than five minutes! Watch online at www.Juilliard.edu/live
<333 shut up now ill be sad if he never does
Nice Tweet! RT : Lord---while I love #MarchMadness sometimes I can't take seeing these big boys cry...
Possibly 3 days left of school instead of 13
You can't burn out his arm in mid may...
Greek boys. :3
Damn Rondo
It's interesting that MWD isn't showing speakers using its speaker cam so it doesn't have to show San Diego folks with their signs.
Dave Logan and Brian Griese on right now talking #manningtodenver!
thats great im so happy for u!:)
Word, sister. WORD.
#waze is epic. So free and so good.
I miss you more!! Where you been??
Making someone your priority is stupid, if they keep you as option.
I'm ready for Saturday only for the fact that I can't wait to sleep in.
We just got a dog!
Winning is great! Winning is fun! It's incredibly hard ... but it is achievable.
I can't wait till scream it like you mean it.
ohmygod the 'ijever' guy has a store now and is selling stuff???? crazy!
excited for my birthday festivities tonight
“: Announcement -#goldrush aftershow so popular we're adding another to air 3/23. ”...It was a gr8 show
If you meet any artist in the world who would it be?
yeah, it was a huge thing
Yeaa , its cool .
Lakers should be afraid, very afraid.
Chillin waiting for you to follow me(;
Cool man, no rush. Let me know.
Learn how to start a flower garden with Master Gardener Carol Bray at 6 p.m. Monday, May 7 at our Mosinee Branch Library. Free. 715-693-2144
We're about to release something you guys have been waiting for. Who's up? If you see this status, LIKE it.
CANOEING: McKeever keeping his eyes on Olympic prize - This Is Wiltshire
Special Skills Service Dog Keeps Young Girl with Epilepsy Safe. Read full story on www.crtasa.blogspot.com
HEY FAG !!! I MISS YOU SO SO SO MUCH .YOU SHOULD PROBABLY CALL ME SOMETIME . BECAUSE I MISS YOU . YA . CALL ME . LOVE , KAI.
To the Top of the 4th... Reds 1 Pirates 0
Our opinions do not really blossom into fruition until we have expressed them to someone else.
Today is a wonderful day to hang out with my family.
it's really intense! I barely got through the fitness test! It's not a good way to ease into working out routinely
running first-ever personalized medicine trial for pancreatic cancer
I'm so jealous of everyone that is in Disneyland or Disney World right now
hahah me either ! i was like getting crazy !! :O hahahah i told my dad that i was going 2 sport after 2 weeks and he was (c)
And don't miss the last shark week of 2010 with Great White and The Captain. Djs start at 10 so come dance.
All these punk ass bad ass kids getting on my damn nerves
If it's like ten minutes I will.
but because your slow is what lead to your confusion
Should've brought motrin with me. My ears are hurting
a software developer once told me that making an app is easy once you have a prototype/pseudocode. i believed this person up until....now
Happy Easter! Have a great day!
I'm not graduating yet :(
I knew the day was going to be a good one when I fired up my car to hear g n r and styxx on the radio!!!! ;)
why don't pro athletes get paid like waiters? - a base salary plus a tip based on how much you enjoyed their performance? revolutionary...
I hope all my girls have a great spring break !
haha, i have no idea either, but thats awesome. Thanks!!
Too much time spent regulating what qualifies as veganism, too little effort spent actually helping animals.
Check out Metro Market in ! Best grocery store around! And GREAT game last night!
VOTE the person NOT the party...
RT : People are Fake especially on these Holidays. Act the same way all 365 days!
Running an online contest. Let the contestants promote your brand and amplify your own efforts
My boo went home ):
Nothing tugs you gently from slumber like the sound of a woman's voice yelling"BAD DOG....BAD DOG....BAD DOG" outside your bedroom window.
now that's a good one to make hard, not only does it scar the str8 kids in his class but it gives the gay ones a little thrill
CT votes to abolish death penalty.Thinking of Moses Paul, Wampanoag Indian publicly hanged 2 Sept. 1772 in New Haven after appeal denied .
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw County until 11:45 AM
I love it! That was great
First WISCONSIN sign spotted! Woo hoo!
good luck coach!
Benefits of www.Rx2you.com
Happy Friday All! Getting this Morning started with great drenched classes for
RT : It's all ball bearings these days.
In retrospect, painting parts of a white sweatshirt black would have been more fruitful than painting parts of a black sweatshirt white
Ah so tired im wearing shorts and everyone is lookin at me like why you wearing that lol
Good luck tomorrow Glen. Wishing you the best!
Bill Clinton's remarks very focused on energy efficiency retrofits. Best job creation per dollars invested.
Share with us! What did you do, learn, or got out of this weekend?
Really don't want to do this VOSOT for MidDay tomorrow. Would much rather be driving home in early morning than early afternoon.
Thanks for the nice note from our SXSW Dinner. It was great to get to visit with you and catch up. Take care and talk soon!
start getting on your grind
Damn Cleveland Need Lebron Back Pronto...That Score Is Just Smh...
Don't miss on the spring premiere of 's "The #SecretLife of the American Teenager" - TONIGHT at 8/7c!
RT : I'm glad to see Michelle Obama on the cover of Parents magazine. She's a great role model.
Zaxbys is Nasty!!
The problem w/ being left of Black is few intellectuals left to focus on Treyvon Martin for more than an article & 10 tweets :(
- weekend leftovers was all that was left in the fridge... 16oz cans no less.
I'll send it to you ONLY you reword them.
#love hope you can schwing through and sing me a melody!!! ;-)
Yeah, I was going to put Etgar Keret ahead of you in my queue, but it turned out yours is the right book at the right time.
If there's one thing & 's tweets have taught us, it's that it sounds weird to say y'all when you're from the midwest
N I'm playing the Drug Dealer...so say "HELLO" to the bad guy.....
HEY, something we agree on. Are you telling me you like the pick? Or are you trusting the Dolphins made the right choice?
Working at an event near Union Square. Absolutely beautiful day in #SanFrancisco!!!
haha thanks for sending the video! :)
"Stove...are you an appliance?"
Happy thanksgiving I hope you have a great day sweetie
Coming up In The Quiet Storm, Rene & Angela,Kem, The Isley Bros. and many more of your chillaxin favorites on 106.7 WTLC
Thanks for all the birthday wishes
glad to add to your
WTF is going on with $DRI? Anyone hear anything?
oh and I may need Xia's cooking skills for my food photography. That feast looked amazing!
Thanks so much for your support !
gay dudes are cool as hell..
that source is in New England now
yes sometimes but its a vibez I like havinq you on ma timeline and as a friend also..
forever waiting for the day you notice or follow me :(
FYI, sixth granny of career for #Rockies Helton. Second pinch-hit homer of career.
up early!
if drake tries to get at common thats career suicide ...
Reminder: Today (Feb 10) is the deadline for turning in your TA application for the 2012-2013 academic year.
OMG ya say what ya are!
Hahah, <waves back>
Word on the block is that it's crazy windy outside, seems like a legitimate reason to cancel class.
I am a MM Ambassador. Good stuff, could go for a glass right now!
I'm a fool...I meant Acrobat, not Photoshop. Will that one work? Thanks!!
that's awesome!
talking twitter in the classroom with - she is looking forward to some awesome integration
On the upt scene
Isn't it funny how one minute an abstract represents the best possible paper ever, and the next it reveals itself as an utter load of crap?
I'll read it, but if it's in adweak, I'm sure it is wanky. :)
La Merenda will always be my first choice for small plates.
Starting out your business? Why not try out a #virtualoffice membership for starters? Only $50 a month here at MiamiShared!
Scorp for life!
“: It is a scientific fact that if you stay in bed, nothing bad can ever happen.”
“: when you can't change the situation, change your attitude”
Steve Blake lookin dumb in da interview lmao....he looks like a cartoon character
You should follow ! :D
Yeah we can always try but I also need to study hard for my exams so :o Hugs back to you! xoxo
I got a secret.
Wait am I in the right seminar??? It's totally quite!!
this twitter app sucks lol you should text me! You know who this is!
Talking Devon into buying me long island ice teas at Bdubs >> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Oh wow Deng shot a 3 pointer from mid court. Amazing!!! Go Bulls!
If you are uninsured or uninsured, this is your opportunity!!! Please come on down. 9-3pm.
me too, thug. You're all good though. I promise! :)
RT : Every librarian should be allowed to run around with one "rummy" but potentially brilliant idea
Long Beach was so beautiful today and the Crepes were delish!
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote “Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.” -Benjamin Disraeli
Hahaha I was doing the same thing. Never ending nerd entertainment.
have a great day see u tomorrow
The Careverge family wishing you and your loved ones a very Happy Easter!
#actorsloungelive the mod squad
Oh my gosh I can't wait.
I don't care for this Rick Santorum.
Rest in peace Lauren, you were a doll.
wait like nothing happened in it I don't understand the message of it I just don'T UNDERSTAND IT
I have to make my next move the best move!
:O you called me baby! Lol I am shocked! Did you mean to send that to me?
That's not regular order...this vote is designed to fail the middle class
He is a country/bluegrassy kinda guy! Mad skills, but I fee ya, his jams don't really speak out
can relate to the locals, because she's observed customs and rituals on Jersey Shore on TV, which she calls a documentary.
Anyone else have the day off tomorrow?
Finding money in a coat that I haven't worn for awhile. Surprise!
Dems should've backed her in 2008, but at least she got to add Sec of State to resume.
Jack Bauer wl never die. <Now Ur Mobile!!!>
She is a mean green music machine. Thanks for the follow.
the other 585k ppl should start paying attention“: . SUCH BS: Per & thr 1538.2 peeps arguing DC metro
These are the times when you wish you owned police sirens.
Thanks #rest351 for Skyping me in, and for good questions and conversation about race + religion in the South!
al harrington with a huge 3
You are a gentlewoman of tweeting :)
is that PPV? if not, you can request the bar show it, it's usually on sports.
Damn you mass texts!
Loops lips....
Tornado watch in NY and MA? Seriously? Must be that end of the world stuff.
Full! Bummer!
Uploaded a couple of songs to SoundCloud.
Great idea! Everyone will be jealous!! RT : Skip the snack bar at ur kid's game - bring some Rocco's and do it up in style!
Hello Bill. welcome!
D: pues claro que no u.u
Sorry, I've no advice to offer. But I'd like to hear how it turns out if you go ahead.
RT : Next time try to save a sinking ship of kittens, that might convince that last 6%
Wish I was in town for draft domination. Worth stopping by if you can make it.
a lot
So proud that we're recognizing Harvey Gantt as the Citizen of the Carolinas this evening. Love him.
“: guess that was Donna Summer's last dance RIP” lol
Kari Allen of Groupon: in 46 countries 500 markets. For users it's not the discount but thrill of doing something different
If I Had A Gun I'd be working for "M.I.B."
right. I'm trying to write a big fat conclusion to eat up some of this word count. Lol
So true. I bet Favre hates TT for stealing his spotlight. RT : With Favre gone they needed a new lightning rod Re: Tebow
What's everyone think of that new chiddy mixtape?
shoot the ball that would be nice.. or he could maybe defend someone except for letting people just run over him
that didn't last long
Happy seis de Mayo!
..great. Michael Bay will be putting his grubby hands all over Michael Myers now. Place your bets, how long before it's just called WEEN?
Well having to work saturday sucks, but at least i talked them onto letting me come in and work first shift.
You answered like a true lawyer! Love it! Personally, I see social media more as PR for your brand. Exposure.
Parents not honest with there kids level. So make it hard for us Coaches to get them where they should be
The next time I'm a compromising position, I'm just going to yell PIZZA HOUSE!
I love kickstarter. I am involved in a project that will be up on there soon!
Congratulations to Douglas Whitlow who was the lucky winner of our $1000 Lennar sweepstakes!
Hold off on season tix! RT : NBA players say they have rejected the league's latest offer to end lockout....
What do you think of Kennedy's statements about Obama White House in the NY Times today?
Sammiches are my favorite food. Garlic bread is up there, too. What kind of sammich should I make on garlic bread?
Today feels like a Thursday. Meh.
Rihanna - We found love <3
All of the above.
Why do they even have the 'close door' button on elevators. We all know they don't do shit...
Letterman's boring me to death tonight. Trying to stay up for the
Bravo, but we still have one maybe two more games left on our season and your season is over.
Oh & Goodmorning, God Bless <U+2665>
okay whatever
At SDUSD Day of the Teacher Celebration with my Board colleagues at MBHS
im glad you know how to do that, itll really help when you become a stripper
Very nice!
it made my eyes roll!
Out of "Judy" Duty for the day. Yes!!!!
Hey Tom, I called you back, call me again when you get a chance or meet us there Friday.
Welcome to Twitter, boss.
cracking up right now. Holy shit.
Oh my god how many songs are coming out on may 22nd
Have some of the crew back out in Malibu, as we'll be looking complete the photo-shoot I had postponed earlier this week.
I'm back. Phone replaced! And I switched to in the process.... It's a new day!
maybe they like entertainment
im an LA fan and i agree
Don't turn out the lights now! :) Its stuck in my head! Lol
Too many ppl are looking to eliminate all their problems to have peace - instead of having the real peace from Jesus while in the midst
Thanks for a great opening party! We had a blast!
Love Palisade. We go to Wine Fest there every year. Look forward to checking out your story more!
In Austin!
I hate going to the dentist!! I'd rather give birth any day!!!! Arrrgghhhh!!
I have a bad mouth I don't give a fuck like it or leave it bitch
can someone tell me why A. Hill didn't tag up on that fly ball to the wall in center? He's been dogging it for two weeks
. just offered to let a stranger taste his drink.
We have a new server ready - vpn31 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!! Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!! #clubparadisetour !
Contact me if you'd like the Houston Flashmob to do something tomorrow :)
Just want you to be mine, all mine..
Yes, it's Friday, but it doesn't mean you won't get cut today. Watch out.
I actually really want to talk relationship stuff with you :)
Enjoying my new Droid incredible
Tryin to live right and pray God takes me through
youre my favorite musician yet I never get to see you concert 0.o
Ready for a fashionable event with
Joe Budden on first take. Big fan.
i have a little under 3 hours till mothers day is over for me... can i get a follow back on my special day??
I swear...i hear one more gorram christmas song...i'll...i'll...grrrrr
What has 140 teeth and holds back the hulk?
can't wait to try!
i like how Filipino sounds when she talks on the phone with her mom
Going to my friends house for soccer tomorrow morning! :P went bowling today and bowled a 184 with no bumpers! Ohh yeah! :) Lol
I kinda get annoyed with all the questions... Whats this flag, whats that, whats this, whos that,.... But yeah, Good night!
#WhatAWomanNeeds honesty and support.
If you wish to live healthfully, emotions will be applied to the principle, "For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction."
I agree with you Alex and Im a Pens fan..seriously was Sad,Joel showed so much Class.Showed what a true Man acts like.
at least i'm a cute creeper lol =P
oh God, if his ass is going to tell me he likes me im going to fckin delete his annoying ass -.-
Mater Dei was too much for St John Bosco tonite Reinhardt has USC second guess them selves he put on a clinic in the first qtr.
damnit...can't believe I missed it
"you're a stinky predator from the sea." -Noah
Yay!! RT Another amazing #mobiletweetup complete! Thanks to all who helped support - couldn't have done it w/o you!
I had a full house for the green roof Lunch and LEED program last week. A nice way to kick off the newly USGBC credentialed presentation!
Michigan is 8 hours away.....
After 3 years, i feel like my mom STILL doesnt respect me being a Belieber...
bout to hit the "to-do" list and then rehearsal
RT : Note: Librarians *do* read the titles of your study rooms, and we *do* laugh at the funny ones.
haha. NO WAY??!
Cruz Azul goalkeeper Jesus Corona just took a knee to the head and looked to be out cold.
Happy Birthday. You're fearfully made!!!
He act like a lil bitch
happppppppyyyy birthdaaaaayyyyyy OMG you're so old: ') it feels like yesterday we were kindergarten babies. Aww i love you!
Why am I being forced to watch The Honeymooners movie? WHY?!?!?
Back to school after a wonderful three week break. What a Monday!
You've got quite a life! What a night....
how dare you have your own opinion and not just cheer for who your followers want you to? Twitter is awful sometimes
Tomorrow in Newark! RT:Foo Fighters not only playing past midnight at NYC's MSG just brought out Joan Jett Bob Mould before that
lmao you would be. Look at my status!! And I commented on hers lol
austin's going to be able to eat toffee :'D
Thumbs up #Madonna, you just shat all over the #blackeyedpeas!! Definitely a stayer in the industry!!
who is Robin? Haha..
I beg to differ
TweetBombJack->RT:Scissors beats paper. Paper beats rock Rock beats scissors And LOVE beats Cancer
At IUPUI, students are provided with opportunities to become active members of the campus and community. Steven Nestor 2011 Top 100 Students
I literally just fell out of bed. And scraped my knee. And possibly bruised my thigh. What a way to wake up! #sierrajoyness :)
Omg!!! It Was Just a Shootout In Front Of My Granny House. & The First Thing I Do Is Tweet!!!!! :O
Thanks , I'm all set for the #artstech meet up in SF #artstechsf and can't wait!
Dear fans, get stoked for #kylestock2012. We have so much in store for you all this year, even the bands.
You are clearly a visionary. This is how you make a million bucks some day.
countining down the days!! Hurry up and get these dawg-gone finals out da' way!! ;P
It's a long way to the top if you want to rock n roll....
I wish I was in college already..
Gotta crazy habit of walking thru other cities trap spots lol...the philly attitude is gon do me wrong one day lol
Come on ! What time is Google+? I WANT TO GO TO THE GREAT OUTDOORS! XD
I still long for your love.
“: Oh, you're part of the neighborhood watch program? You must have extensive training in law enforcement.” LOL my mom
Dangermuffin in the house ; doby up next. Where are you?
me n maybe
I am very excited to spend my Friday night watching a documentary on Gerhard Richter.
My managers are dropping hints that I'm gonna start opening. How exciting lol. That 5:30 am to 1:30 pm is no joke
then lets spam the person till they leave
Thanks for contributing to my calorie intake problems yesterday :P
Colleen is so awesome. Also, I am jealous of everyone at that conference.
there are a lot of great ways to break into the industry w/o having any contacts. It's all about differentiating yourself!
def didn't i been keepin up with plenty the ones tht dnt keep in touch w/ me are da ones tht haven't been getting any love
no follow back?
Legitimate authority will not suffocate but will only elevate... D. Thompson
RT : Cause.It is your guide to social activism at SXSW! Look out for the mobile app next week!!
it was all a dream.
Pretty good. How are you?
Tomorrow is graduation day at ! I can't believe I'll be a puppy preschool graduate! I'm a little nervous for this big day. Any tips?:)
Sometimes the hardest challenges in life are easier than the more difficult ones. - Yao Ming
Lunch was too funny today
Playboy Magazine
so true!!! It's totally a #scorpio thing ;D
#Showchoir tour tomorrow! We're going to 3 local elementary schools tomorrow!
thanks lol and thanks for following
Our friend reports that her brother is a student
(: plus alcohol
there was this girl that only knew Madison and Nick in AZ. Thats one person....lol
I have a man crush on Aaron Craft.
Its Dr Seuss's Birthday, fav 2 books are Marvin K Monney Will You Please Go Now & Mr Brown Can Moo Can You ...whats yours?.
If you don't believe you can win, there is no point in getting out of bed at the end of the day.
Let me know how the china cabinet project goes--hoping to do something similair.
What did everyone do for Easter? Did you have fun?
Double Dee's or Petite?
Thanks for listening Amrita!
YES. oh, and BRAAAAIIIIIINNNNSSSSS
That is slick!
well, now that you mention it…
Playing halo reach
I got no respect for random asses who follow me and then unfollow me. Oh you look cool? That's so cute cuz all of twitter hates you
just saw you in Rocket Science. Would you be interested in joining my club?
Set yourself up for success. Form things you can control and track what you have no controll over
Great to talk - excited for where you are headed!
Ppl call me suspect cuz I'm always smiling smh doesn't even make sense
Truly amazing that I have known you for my entire life and we had never met Truly amazing just like the stars, we are a perfect set
Taking some band pics at the old prison.
30 minutes left on day 2! The odds of me getting thrown out are drastically diminishing.
didnt follow my other account, :(
Coach, Thanks a million for speaking yesterday. Hope you had as great of a time as we and our 800 guests did!
it makes all the sense!!! Lmao
Thats it ... when i have a Son ... ima name em after me Manuel Joshua De La Cruz :)
Please tell espn!
another good movie choice, love it when she's in Italy eating all that great food :)
What is it for you? not sure yet but intrigued by what people choose to follow on my boards.
The young osprey shows up everyday at dusk, to roost in the lightening-struck pine. I hope he stays.
Thanks, Joe. Real food for thought as I design a new class... opportunity to look at aspects differently. Liked your quotes.
awww, thanks, you are cute!
Btw your gift from a months ago has really helped:)
is the Dr. Ken Bredesen Memorial Award winner as Most Sportsmanlike Athlete at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Having a crush on someone since elementary school >>
Staind: as equally good as they are depressing
Dumb app!
desires unmasked / in a moment of regret / my heart’s quandary
I thought I was the only one left!
With no Internet/email/phone, time for a lot of in person meetings today. First up, Make a Difference Wisconsin Exec. Dir. Brenda Campbell.
I want some freeze pops
Followers - free posting of white papers; free advertising your HR business. HRResourcePortal.Com. Direct message for details.
good job!
NetZero Message Center
Been a long time. Bo! Joe Wilson! Bo!
thank you :) your soo nice!!
q m las time un poco la pierna Pero ya boy a jugar el miercoles
Nothing says "crap" like an empty box of Bunny Grahams.
Attending tonight's Venture Initiation Program reception? Use #VIPSpring12 Looking fwd to big things from our student entrepreneurs!
God is the Midwest region weak!
so , Liam and Silver wasn't about Liam & Spoons ?
Glad you enjoyed. Thanks for sharing.
Im so jell!!! I want to be at the beach!! w a btle of red & a Moontrance CAO hehe! Cheers to friday friend!
I just skied/snowboarded from 8:50am to 8:50pm. Best day ever!!
but not as much as I want you ;)
Good afternoon
I wonder which trip you were researching....!
...but making art can be a very time consuming and hermit-like endeavor.
Hey, is your facebook notification thing not working again? I sent you a message
that's one hell of a girl! :)
Amazing morning!!! Love New York early in the mornings on the weekends!! Enjoy your day friends!
thanks brother!!!
ok first tell JC hi. 2nd I swear we are all mixed up in sports. Softball? Or is downtown archery a sponsor?
I'm only awake because my shoulder is in so much pain. Ugh. How's everyone else's morning?
Beware of the newest #scam telling you to call Mr. Larry Ben. LoL they say that they have your lottery winnings which is like 6,000,000,000.
Somebody text me while I'm at work bored as hell!.
Time to be covered in another cloud of dust.
wats good g how was ur at show? Drop by the store if u have the time
I heard its at a mall! omg. if it isn't true, I'LL FUCKING KILL A BITCH. If its true, I'm not be able to go :(
my computer is having a "kernel panic" oh no!
Your chick she so thirsty
I want iCarly back! I miss it! :'(
and rock
Been writing C# for a decade now. But impressed with steady progress of C++ and STL, which I used to teach. Should I revisit?
Ha, yes, she actually constructs!
please stop talking to me....
Clare Booth Luce~ Lying increases the creative faculties expands the ego and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
Fuggit. Toast to your problems and smoke to their solutions. Happy Fridaays....
If You Gun Talk To Me Like That , Talk To Me Later :-)
thanks for the follow. right back at ya. :) Good to meet you.
“: Happy Birthday to every #Taurus around the world. =)”<---THANK YOU!!!
BREAK LEGS !! TONITE at Studio Be at 7:30pm is the premiere of Kellys 1-woman show-Double Happiness.
#nor egrets. That's what autocorrect decided #noregrets should be. I think a t-shirt is in order.
#latenightconfessions kiss on my neck & I turn into a Wilder beast. Lol
Getting ready to get down with the funkiest undead around!
No. I'm crying tonight.
Jordis can catch your attention from the first sight of her on stage-She is Beautiful !!! We are All Blessed when She Sings
Just heard this on the radio: POTATO. Person Over Thirty Acting Twenty One.
Question of the day: What would Booms Super Hero name be? How about "Sarcastic Man?" Putting morons in their place since 19??
Yall Gotta go check out yall Funny Moments Videos so Halarious ! <U+2665> I Love that 2012 Funny Moments Fav .
Breakfast tacos in the house tonight
Saturday Night PARTY!! LAS VEGAS STYLE!! Hottest && YOUNGEST GIRLS IN TOWN! Contact me for Free limo service and FREE admission!
like like like. it was an awfully nice zip code, wasn't it? rolls off the tongue much easier than "one one one oh two" now...
RT : ICON DTLA TONIGHT for all the sexy people!!! You got til 530PM to send me lists!
Good luck Caryn! Be there in spirit!
Happy Mothers Day :))
She needs me.
Only for street cleaning morns! RT depends on whether those slippers have been used for outdoor adventures or not...
Hell yeah. That's what's up!!!! Ahahahaahha. So fly. (: Go on May 11th!!! -JChuck
BTW, the show over the weekend was stunningly good. If you don't see the #Alpocalypse tour, you are a terrible person. The end.
": getting my twitter up. plz send some follows my way. thanx guys" << YALL GO FOLLOW MY BOY!!! Gettin him up w/ the technology
this is twitter is it that necessary? lol
you would.
thanks! hope to see you again soon.
Thanks catherine! I will post it tomorrow on twivid.
If u wont it than i got it
apologies for my vocal typo - correcting made it worse! I blame the bright lights and :)
The primal war cry of "Time... for... Tea!" on Emilie Autumn's new single is about perfect. - DvL
Directing The Shape of Things by Neil LaBute. Auditions and casting took place last night.
Listening to #kingoflimbs - should have bought WAV - too much information not enough separation
I'm playing he for Free n on what when
Things like running to the store bcuz my dre beats ran outta battery juice really pisses me off
What up Twitter! Long time no tweet! >.<
I believe in NASA.
Did I say win by 3 or lose by 3...
Lying and saying you're staying the night at a friends while you're really partying.
kerone and team. We look forward to meeting you in person soon. Thanks. Ab
alright will do hun
Canon shipping me Mark IV to test :)
barely awake, but I posted a couple earlier this eve that might give you reason to play with g+
whell im waiting im ur biggest fan!!!!!
Thank you for the mention!
They probably didn't, because they usually let their opponents make first downs WAY before 3rd down...
#businesstime I'm do jealous of all the things this could mean. Love you both
I'm an actress and screenwriter finishing my 1st novel. Here's my site: www.kenyadwilliamson.com
NF: follow back ? (party bus) lol
i am a little insecure, a little unconfident, cause you dont understand, i do what i can. but sometimes i dont make sense.
can't wait till the album comes out I saved all my lunch money for this.When does it come out again??hahaha
Life is about trusting our feelings & taking chances, losing & finding happiness, appreciating the memories & learning from the past.
long fucking day
Any Salons/Spas hiring in #BayArea #Dublin #Pleasanton #DowtownOakland #DowntownSanFrancisco I'm looking 4 a full time #Esthetician position
Dont know what to feel anymore
did u ever make it to katy perry's party
Anyone have their ears gauged and deal with a blow out? What did you do for it?
Swapped basketball for a keyboard
I know michelle already asked but any chance of another letter for myself i sent you an email as well! hope all is well!
This weekend is gonna be crazy
kinda wanna go to drakes after party at zouk....
I have now been notified about that :) haha
I'm great just working about to get my own place
I'm pretty adorable in general.
I got a political robocall from there yesterday (even though I'm in L.A.). Possible connection?
i.am
RT : #Kuwait- '#Publicdiplomacy affected by social sites' - middle east north africa financial network - MENAFN:...
There is a thin line between what should be and what is.
I saw that in the article. I haven't gone to the tumblr though. It's sad there is still a strong hatred in this coountry.
I dont think white women know what WOC have gone thru. Explain to them, dont bitch about on Twitter
RT : Old joke. Woman to baseball player: "I just loove athletes." Player: "Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,"
PR observation of the day: At what point are kids taught to think independently? School is like the military.
You can also add "schooled"
This is going to be a long 2 weeks
Get over it Cleveland. You lost one player. Seattle lost a whole team! :-p
I guess whatever it takes to get you thru this Friday to get you to the weekend, right? :)
Pissin on a major street in abq at 5:00am would be proud!
Working on my craft!!! Screen acting today!
That's great! And don't worry, we'll keep you updated on language releases like Swedish!
Merry Christmas, Happy Kwanzaa, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Holidays or whatever Politically Correct term you want to call it.
Say a little prayer that our path to Las Vegas is a smooth one my friend :)
is uploading new video, photos, and music!
waiting in the parking lot till the last minute for my shift to start>>>
RT: : Help me get to 400 followers <- follow Danny
#HungerGames is the best movie ever i loved it so much<3
Sitting here at Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery Associates with She's having her wisdom teeth yanked today :(
you always are <U+263A>
My phone ap is working now. Only took 10 minutes to load. Now go sell some yummy beer! :)
There's nothing better than a girl who makes her own money, & always offers to pay her own way. Shout out to you <3
Really touching to see talking about Junior Seau's passing. You did his memory right tho.
let me know when you're ready. make sure you follow me too. stay on the grind.
Have fun in biology (:
I want to go camping already!
Omg you guys
The kind of sad that just takes time.
can't believe I tweeted our family secret! known by friends & fam as the Madonna Arbys now the world knows why!
y'all getting started on those records? I need them ASAP
Yep! Kristine Sutherland is AMAZING! Thanks for checking it out! :) RT ": - It's Joyce Summers! "
LAST DAY IN THE STUDIO!!! :)
Nice vantage point, huh?
I can't get you out of my head, my head. You're the flame that burns me so I know that I'm still alive. "Duality" by Bayside
i realyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again. meeting you was the best day in the world #codyjakeustream #goldcoastfinest I LOVE YOU
Hi!! Hooray for the Tweetings! (And for Downton...)
Oh my God! Siri can do emoticons :-)
It worked! Thanks for video.
can you use mine please I would be so happy
the last tweet, didn't make sense. WHO CARES. <333
our first location is going to be in Lincoln Park - Diversey & Sheffield at the Brown Line stop
so wonderful to chat w/ you ladies last night! Always nice to chat w/ fellow homeschoolers
A hard man is good to find.
Doubt it would hurt biz; restaurant is usu. doing brisk business. Somehow.
I see what you did there and I don't approve
I don't add people I don't know on my personal facebook, so follow me on twitter son!
Donovan McNabb is my hero
We are gearing up for another week of LeTip! Know any great CPAs, personal organizers, etc. who might benefit from our group? Send em to me!
RT : I just saw a pic of Russell Westbrook wearing all the clothes he got pledging to PBS. Did he bring his tote bag?
BATUM!!! Fantastic, wonderful and outstanding , you guys are so talented. What a team!
yes heard about premier leagues playing friendlies in US/CAN. Yankee stadium, Fenway, MetLife, Philly & others.
Get this game under way already!! Sheesh!
Mad Men makes everything better.
waz up peeps, i gotta go find some fur for lady loki =)
It's National Put Your Wine In Storage Day
ima go in half an hour
Atleast I know what to say and not to say
awwws. Such a nice thing to do! Ize approve!
We don't knock on doors or call. We just turn our Xbox controllers that are synced to our friends consoles.
I did an old fashioned search for indie music- you guys came up!
so are those classes like electives or part of a program? I'm studying Holocaust Studies in grad school at UT Dallas.
Sure! I'd be glad to exchange votes w/ you!
The fact that Caroline just texted me and said "Sex."
Wow! I like our AD hire!
'Niggas in Paris' is weak. Too bad they're not talking Aimé Césaire and négritude.
Why are you not performing in DC???? Baltimore doesn't count we need you in DC too any plans to come here?
"Forgiving someone doesn't make you weak; it makes you strong enough because you understand that everyone makes mistakes"
states: The new social business supports an "activity stream." It's core to the enterprise to build the social graph.
lol you make me laugh
RT : Always appalled to discover that we tolerate rhetoric from Turks on Armenians that we rightly would not from Germans on Jews.
end of act 3 pissed me off... Why you up so late... Or is it early there?
People don't fall in love by choice, it's by chance. People don't fall out of love by chance, it's by choice"
The #SOPA Strike is on at dozens of Internet sites. How is it affecting your Internet use today?
*Breath In* *Breath Out* Thank God For the Breath Of Life.
In Love, one and one are one. Jean-Paul Sartre
i wonder if he watches the show. between the masturbating and sex, it's gotta be strange.
“: I would KILL to know what the candidates are writing down. Seriously. It would rule. #cnndebate” / mostly smiley faces
TY for RT, Wayne. “: RT : Does solitude or collaboration fuel your creativity more?...
Shit Is Whoa Right Now The Banger We Got Brewing Up HaHaa Just Wait To Ya Hear This One…
GET MONEY ! STOP HATING ! " HOOD GENERAL'$ " IN DA STREETS GET AT ME FOR A COPY .
Book signing happening now at El Toro on Shelbyville Rd
Grateful to the Big Apple to let us borrow the mighty for #jboye12!
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
“: Nicki Minaj's lyrics are so complex!”
: Give my regards and tell her that I'll have "people" for her too :-)
Jealousy Is When you Count Someone Else’s Blessings Instead Of Your's.
I'm a grown man but I have to admit that watching #Tangled on my big HD TV looks phenomenal...
HEY you! Well let's see.. been catching up on reading, enjoying my Directv (no CST tho :( ) & proving I could live w/o Twitter
Everyday I read in the media such mean things about Why be unnecessarily malicious to someone you dont know? #Sharelove guys
Day 3 of #AcademySummit! CEO & Co-Founder Sanford Fisch in Main Room on what sudden death or disability could mean in your law firm
wheels might be coming off the cart, Convey isn't producing and midfield seems flat and hurried. Might be Soony time
I have a small apartment and one smell little cat :) I've tried everything! I would LOVE to try something new!
Whats happening in twitter nowadays?
Tomorrow I'll be in Texas. I am SO ready to get out of here for the weekend!!!!
same here about to go crazy cause I have nothin to do
I see that the citys covered in fog like my brain this morning f*<% MONDAYS
Yep, there was definitely pot in that brownie. Definitely.
love austin mahone
Scratch that sunny day! Pouring Rain
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out, it's the grain of sand in your shoe. - Robert Service
now following back :]
already will there be a season 2
They sound real mad... lol
I need some more friends on this, back on Twitter after being gone for over a year
looking forward to hearing Neville Brody next
Ok enough with the floaters.
same size different location. Price is the same.
Why do you hate San Diego? We got screwed compared to SF
Had a good time tonight. Time to take my ass to bed.
Leave me alone. I have papers to write! (Just kidding. Keep distracting me.)
who's doing the CTF in Tampa? At the ISSA meeting?
Ina good mood ,
RT Yo congrats on the deal YOyoYOyoYOyo!!! It sounds better in NYC. (thanks!!)
Damn! Common's memoir in bargain bin for $5.98!!! This would have been a come up if I didnt already have a copy
I want my belly button pierced.
BOYFRIEND IS COMING. OMG. I'm recording it and if anyone deletes it, I will cut their arm off. Okay.
She should've tweeted all that shit..
Yea! Nothing's holding YOU back. NOTHING!! RT : I was packed for 3 games...
WOW!!! What an incredible Coachella cherry poppin' experience! Thanks for blisters, boob sweat, dust boogers, good friends, and BOOM STIX!!!
my husband is a McClellan. I'd love to know your ancestry. Where does your McClellan family come from?
For dinner try our SEARED SEA SCALLOPS, pear puree, applewood bacon, micro arugula, pecan vinaigrette
Touched down in Denver, flight was late, horrible turbulence last 1/2 hour, tired and still have 6 hrs of work to do. Time to Cowboy up!
way to go!
Check new blog edify2.blogspot.com
You are really beautiful too, you forgot to mention that in your bio :)!!
yes way :P
your voice is beautiful<3
love you to Gina :)
i didn't block you I had deleted my account
I was gonna swim today, but it's raining. Don't wanna get my hair wet.
"Never rock the mic with the pantyhose".
Love spending time with 5evan...so glad school has a delayed start today :)
Trying to make me some fake dreads. xDD And that sucks about your shoulder.
Debbie Lee and Family!! Thank you for helping our little store!! You are loved and appreciated!
the weekend loft music
soon the launch of www.yourmotivated.com go check it out and win yourself a ipad or iphone, its real and good.
Listening to tracks from an upcoming release.
hell yes
OH I CAN SEE YOU ERRDAY NEXT YEAR! bus-wise. I figured out this route and I get out at 2:20 :P
Those songs that make you laugh.
thanks. Perfect Saturday!
I Love Bristol Baby...
The social media panel effect: gained 84 followers after speaking w students.
We'd like to thank Dan Malsch, Dave and KC Escalet, Alec Henninger, & Mikey Kesselring for all your hard work and dedication to the project.
Deuce knew what he was doing.
thank ya!
I'm trying to get like y'all ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
awesome! leads for shops are a huge plus, too! hope you can get them back on this spring/summer :)
I see you're slated to speak tomm at #bnchmrk - see you there!
Need to get better at asking questions about who my audience is when speaking in unfamiliar places.
Will there be a Minecraft video today?
Heck yeah! Always a pleasure KH. RT so lovely to see yall today. hugs AND kisses, total bonus.
Hey now, don't hate on DJ Pirate Bay and his tag team partner, DJ Sync Button.
You could also try "The Hair Up There" or "The Banged Biscuit, The True Story Behind The DP Show."
yeea lol..its on youtube too
This is my horoscope today. I totally agree - "It's a good day to just focus on doing fun things. Let other people work it out."
You forgot the #winning tag!
GBU2 - Be that Light! - Suppor'n U 2day Let it fly!!!!
LOL. I admire ur prescience. If ur not CRAWLIN back home u should stop by our place on ur way home. Im makin Old Fashioneds.
it's very relaxing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I'm not gonna delete you from my life. I'm gonna leave you there, so you can see how happy I am without you.
Have you been following all the coverage of the Stage 2 Meaningful Use comments and controversy?
NBC: #Osama death announcement being delayed cuz #Obama is personally working on the text? Can't he wing even this w/o his #teleprompter?
indeed he is :)
With +20% unemployment, any wonder why Spanish young people are protesting? Time for Spanish Spring?
wondering how you can find your knight in shining armour when you look like his friggin' horse.
FINALLY. This shit is amazing.
Brats, check. Buns, check. Kraut, check. Beers, check. Jamison Irish Whiskey!, check!
BASH!!!Love U
I am excited for her!! Keep us updated. She's gonna be a big star and buy her mommy a house in LA and a nice car. ;)
Lololol!!! I know! ;'D RT : better win cuz this jose guy is mean ;D
is pleased to announce that Jin Kim has joined as a licensed salesperson. All the Best!
10g per day increase in alcohol in women associated w 7-10% increased risk of breast cancer. 1 beer contains 13g & 4oz glass of wine 11g
Why do my children love their grandparents more than they love me?
has just been dubbed the official the #tagnazi of the congrats, good sir!
studying for my next exam.. hopefully will find out about my last one this week...
When you dont focus on God you allow your circumstances to desribe God to you
#Worcestershire don't need to take lunch. They just had a feast.
RT awww i miss my hair when it was teenie ./ready for this stage to be OVER
That's hot lmao xD It just calms me down and mad, sad, or depressed I feel better after it.
The fact that my mom just said my brother is cuter than Justin Bieber <<<<
"How can a young man keep his way pure? By keeping Your word." - Psalm 119:9
I was going to say, I can't believe they let Diamond Taylor back in the Kohl Center.
Thanks to Denise and Bruce for a lovely dinner and a wonderful visit at the Inn. Come back to see us soon!
Why doesn't swa have the staging area look like the plane then have us board from the rear? Please retweet to company president. Thanks
They have been doing this all post season. They suck in the second.
hugs not drugs!
not that much to say tonightt
Design, code, design, code. Rinse and repeat.
I had to take my car to the shop this morning. I left at 730ish. Ugh
those glacier photos were KEEPERS! in my screensaver folder as i type, thx!
There are way too many people in Phillies gear on this train.
I bet doesn't start tonight. Not because of yest, but because hamels is on the bump. Watch the media spin that one...
Hoffman is a brewer yet again, sweet!
Don't forget that bear that got photographed falling from a tree last week that got hit by a car today.
Join FAB- it's FREE and they feature beautifully designed items DAILY! Click the link below and take a look!
Reminder all members the fast starts at 6pm. Get ready for Breakthrough.
Hey, totally love it.
bye everybody for now! i follow back by the way!! <333 :)))))
Matty disappeared, i wonder where he's at ;)
he's 94 years old #Ballsy mcballs
hey sweets I know ur goin thru a tough patch,keep ur head up & have faith! Xoxo
should have worked out today....damnit
Listing to "On My Mind" Dear , Why are you so AMAZING?
I just wikipedia'd Hunger Games. Now I know why I didn't know what it was, it's for tweens.
once in the cloud it has to go down.
sometimes, writing... makes me want to cry. Who knew how painful writing would be - probably everyone that has a PhD, but still...
let me know when you're coming! Lol
Really great tweets! Thx for sharing - I feel like I was right there. Farmers Field stuff particularly interesting. Safe travels!
Just finished my last FYDP class of the year! Even though it was last day, had a student call me Joseph #really!?! Obvi didn't pay attn!
RT : I'm racing St.Anthonys triathlon for Leukemia&Lymphoma.Please RT tosupport:Donations&Prayers welcome! http:/
Lol RT : Kind of over #baconisnotgarnish now hung up on beef Parmesan with chicken at Orlando's today #unnatural #lubbock ...
Ah i c. Dorks.
Been to Rome? 5 East 19th St (b/t 5th & 6th Ave). Free all night w/NightClubLinx. Sexy and chic! Call/Txt for personal attention 9175673803
Always do the right things even when people do u wrong
Berlant:"The impasse of the global urban present is shaped by the dramatic confrontation of the Precarious Peoples with the Austerity State"
RT : #lsmplace walkability, entrepreneurship, green initiatives, arts and culture all aspects of
Ask me why I was about to tweet you about how much I love you? RT : I can't evenn.. ;D
40 days and 6 hours remaining until my birthday
Couldn't find my earbuds this morning so I'm officially one of those hipsters w/ studio headphones on the bus.
Must...be...on...iPad...at...all...times...incase...someone...anyone...updates...anything...
So love me now, or love me never; because if you aren't with me through my worst, you'll never understand how I got better. <3
He looked at the house asif debating whether or not he should come in and try to sell some of hiswares
Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.
good game frat! The refs were ridiculous today!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand No there is a whole other state along with it
S/o to all my new followers:Enter at your own will I ask that you to keep your hands in and strap up for this wild ride
If you need a smoke alarm, please call the smoke alarm hotline at 215-686-1176.
i have to take a shower -_______-
With no longer available, it's time to cancel
at tianas house while she does her chores o.o
AHH.. Lady Kathy.. Always Good To Read From You... I Bid You Ado
This Tooth Abcess If Killing,Me.. Who knows how to take down the Swallen on my Face? Shld I use Ice?
Bad day today :[
thank you! about time to crash. you are the sweetest.
ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO TO MY FACEBOOK PAGE AND ADD ME /bigpurp254
still aint talking to me , but that's cool i guess :/
Everyone be sure to Vote there is only one day left in the competition and I need your votes!
": Pat Green looks 65 yrs old!" What AAU team does he play for?
Naturally Gourmet Products » Rita&#39;s Italian Ice signs franchise deal ...
very happy that you found it worthwhile - thanks for participating!
I think ppl try to intellectualize falling in love. You "Fall" in love, you don't sit at a table & plan it.
Can't be said enough :) RT: Your one small act of kindness could change someone's world.
Brown signs new recording deal
last time he said anything remotely interesting was before HBO.
who's real or you?! If your it then live you!;)
No.ick, really great vocals and guitar work,no??
I wish that I could be in NY today with my family. Uncle Romeo <3
“ GoodMorning Beautiful People....”
that would be great! Where r u?
Thanks for sharing with us via twitter :) Fabulous!!! amazing place #SanFran you are right - loving it!
I'm thinking 10 games but hoping indefinitely there is no need for a guy like that in the
so my life is the most unusual movie ever but its better than Superbad and similar to TrueBlood
what's wrong
Can't go wrong with Gary Clark Jr or Yuna.
80% of those who divorce during an affair regret the decision. Think twice!
Watching/listening to the great Vin Scully calling Don Mattingly's Dodgers vs SF Giants...nice!
"the facebook server found your request confusing and wasnt sure how to proceed" how about I kick your ass and then you can figure it out??
Good Morning Tweeters!
#AGirlDeserves a guy who can honestly say that he has never cared about anyone else as much as her.
making money online, check it out- www.ebookviralincome.com Internet pros only!
loving them curves baby girl
"I am patenting the sound of my fart."
I will follow all the Directioners back when my twitter will stop being a butt.
Buiness and networking is about giving and taking. You cant expect to get and give nothing in return.
Hear, hear!
Arne Duncan: This is a historic day. The FCC has put education at the forefront of its work.
that's dope
Morning, it'll be 12:00 in thirty minutes, wow.
We @ the car wash an they have a female washin the car that's cool but she don't kno what she doin I'm pissed off
omg my parents told me i was sleep talking last night o m f g
Oldboy, just as nauseatingly disturbing on the second watch as the first.
Watch this.
Water still out so at cabin again. Yesterday I forgot my razor. Brought it today but forgot my pants.
Homebuyer's Club will be held on August 16th at 6:30pm here at our office on 21 Buford Road! Take control of your credit situation!
Welcome back Chris! How was your day?
Good night, planet earth. Stay classy!
Good morning :)
Sharing with fellow #archivists today what's possible when using
Cheerio AVB now give back the scarves you borrowed from Jose..they never fit you right anyway.
You funny! It just does that. Checked a billion times. New batteries. Nothing helps.
I'm on such a natural high right now. Just finished my last class at NYU
#are4 #factoftheday 1barrel of oil= 10 years worth of man work hours
We're closed Sundays and Mondays for private parties, meeting space, and catering. Open Tues-Sat 11-7.
it's 70 here. I can't open the windows because my allergies would go nuts.
I want some blue berry waffles
So true ! Thanks for the reminder! Hope your day is going great!
are you okay? What did you do?
Durant the god
Anyone going to opening day? #BrewCrew -
big John's da man
For the same reason old balls smell so damn good.
Just what i fucking need right now.
Being a Wings fan will be the death of me
To change your diet for success, surround yourself w/supportive people.
Better Homes & Garden is a pretty diverse company. I thought it was a magazine, then a real estate company, & now this?
CO has more than 120 'structurally deficient' bridges, and 52% of our roads are 'poor,' sez CDOT. We're #proudtopay to fix 'em.
Running quote: "Why aren't you signed up for the 401K? I'd never be able to run that far." Scott Adams, Dilbert
Try the new Sonic Toaster Melts for only $1.99 & tonight get FIVE (5) Sonic Burgers for only $5.95. Great deals. #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd
I'm curious as to what Josh's 'talent' would be. Best curmudgeon?
The countdown is really on now... 1 day, 16 hours, and 9 minutes to go!
Afterwards we're playing acoustic in the round with and Aimee Alden at downtown Nashville.
You bet, Sarah. I was nodding my head the whole time--same theories apply no matter the size of your team!
Great workout
I simply must tear myself away from the TV so that I can go act in it.
Facebook is feeling like MySpace these days. Why has there been an explosion in picture posts as status updates? #thanksfortheadd!
Thanks so much for the art Retweet, Dan! Hope you had a good weekend?
Sorry! Just hanging out on a lovely day.
;-) G'night sweet Carter and you too JB, I'll see on FB around 4?? <3 have fun!!
Drew Brees to meet with Arizona Cardinals later this week.
ZBO has that look in his eyes
Desperately needing a trip to somewhere tropical and QUIET! A beach chair and a book (or iBook) will do
Thanks man, nice of you say!
just followed back some followers :) I miss twitter
thanks for the shout out! :)
Congrats , you were just used as an historical example @ #NCPH2012 #OAH2012 conference.
I think chapter 17 on the first
I already love <U+2665> I'm so thankful for twitter because I never would have found them otherwise(:
I'm soo over this day already!!!!
God bless Levon Helm -- a musical talent beyond words.
I think they put Ron Artest on tv just to make fun of him. He clearly is out of his mind. Pretty messed up if you ask me.
Glad you could be there today. RT : Brand awareness, lead gen and contests 2day @
Time 2 get up, get out & make something of the day…
This is "fantastic" RT Yes, it's true: I went to Lady Gaga last night. She put on a fantastic show. I did not, however....
Sarasota Film Festival screening on April 10th of "Prime Of Your Life". Get your tickets as soon as possible. (via )
My favorite day of the year has arrived! See you all in a couple of hours!
To do my homework or to not do my homework? Sorry
Is it Jen Royle?
thanks!! Again lol!
Ack! It's Monday, we're closed!
I asked for her 1000 tweet a week ago and she forgot about me... I feel loved <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Mikey! i see you're ignoring my post </3
Im getting money living like a most wanted
lmao yea kind like my size cause its gonna get a lil hot and sweaty dwn there lol
Then I was referred to Car Crafters. The people there were so understanding and caring.
that must mean you're leaving. #ThisTownAintBigEnoughForTheBothOfUs ;)
Tune in next week for another great interview
For a play-by-play recount of the #Huguelytrial follow C-VILLE's own Toby Beard at
Spinning this Dionne Warwick record
Going on day 2 of model scouting trip in Canada.... Toronto was a success! Know onto Montreal foe round 2!
Congrats to for defeating No1 LSU! Seems we'll be back at No1 going to Louisville on Tuesday night! Everyone come out & watch!
Anyways, you wanna come or not? (:
OPEN to serve you with a BIG New Year's Clearance SALE. Almost ALL books are now 20% OFF incl new Titles. Dbl Punch Drink: Peppermint Mocha.
give it back.
San Diego, I'll be in Indiana for only 1 day from 24May to 26July so if we play, it has to be in the next week!
I also have an idea why her belongings were on the beach but I don't want to stereotype a whole neighborhood!
and it makes me want to move to Tennessee for some reason lol
This is a good question.
Thank you SO MUCH for retweeting my blog and project!
LinkedIn colleagues I am looking for an investment banker to refer some business too. If you know of one you trust please have them contact…
RT : Its a good service, when it works, its their customer service that needs a lot of work
Another beautiful #Monday is passing by quickly! What are you #grateful for today? I'm grateful for being able to work poolside 2day!
i know, such a bummer. i've been late everyday since i've had to ride my new razor scooter to work.
#homework & #studying #hatehatehate I wanna be chillin' with my friendys outside on this beautiful day!!
you wanna go to noel/Mona show 2morrow night?
OMG I JUST KEEP THINKIN ABOUT IT!! WE WERE SO HYPER!! :D
maybe since I lost my hockey game, the Pens will win.
Mrph. Oil leak found in the car. Repair work just went up an additional 750. Gag!
I'm at a lesbian bar waiting on a veggie burger. WTF?
Unfortunately, that's common. When you find a great fleet car service driver, get his card to call on your next trip.
i hate farmers tans haha
trying to avoid that.
I wish I had Excel to use, not paper and pencil
what market?
ha ": "I'd like to add you to my professional network." If someone said that to you in person, you'd laugh or leave."
Commitment without Responsibility is like Music without Sound.
This woman in front of me has order 20minutes worth of fastfood. #GOODGRIEF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
"Helping someone figure out if they're having a miscarriage" was definitely not in my job description.
being on meds sucks.
now on to the ps3
me too!!
Compared with non-alumnae, Girl Scout alumnae are better educated and enjoy higher household income.
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving. A lot to be thankful for.
Music - a Vacation to another place, time, or feeling. Releasing within us the Power to Love, Hope, Dream, and Feel. .... Lane
haha. no...... his mom loved him first
Yes, definitely a glimpse of winter in the northtowns tonight.
Thanks for posting your piece on the new investor terms. Good to know.
Today we are at Corporate Circle near Vegas.com and Greenspun Media! Special- Beer Brats with Caramelized Onion and Spicy Mustard!
Susan from Oklahoma says Party in my room at 3am. Clothing optional ;)
and Hit me up after 1pm today. Got a gameplan I need to throw at yall real quick.
Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, move it slow motion for me
Sticker Rude!
Shout out to the who performed before the #SuperBowl kick-off. Way to represent.
Substitute Greek yogurt or applesauce for butter in baking recipes!
I'm not sending them I get them a lot to
your mortal enemy following me . Ctfu . Haha
We are so bad ass an full of feathers we flock with
I have no willpower. I opened the Death of Spider-Man. Polybagging sucks anyway.
girrrlll me 2... Cuz Lord KNOWS more babies is just NOT AN OPTION! LOL at least not 4 me! :/
keep spreading the word out about the band guys c:
reunion tonight ? Downtown Mia it is
Johnson Direct is a teenager! Today we turn 13. Thank you to all of our client partners and friends. Dreams really can come true.
Let's see if the Sunday Night Baseball crew bashes Maddon and the Rays staff...
you mean he hasn't gone to hell yet? He needs to hurry up then.
Hey was up
Plus people have intuition and flexibility that robots can never have
Love her. As for SNL, #hatersgonhate!
"hi um I'm pregnant..." lol unknown callers
im craving that #subway sandwich right now!!
I hear ya, but since everything on this show is never what you think it will be, I'm waiting for an "unbelievable" outcome with that2!
Doing Noboa's class tomorrow in 2nd period, because it's not like I do shit in math anyways.
Ironic how the one guy that Heat fans (and the entire internet, really) have trolled on hardest might be the difference between a title run
Til my last day, til my last breath, of anyone who can I can love you the best <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
RT : FACT: Josh Hamilton's 18 total bases tonight are an AL record. //this was on both times i got to glance at a tv tonight/ morning
GREYSON YOU DON'T JUST TELL US YOU'RE HAVING A CONCERT THEN NOT TELL US WHERE IT IS OR HOW WE GET TICKETS IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT
Gonna lay across my bed a relax a little b4 doing my girl hair
They are trying to freeze us out, wait till Saturday! Badgers are a tenacious bunch!
MT : is there a #list of the best curators active on #SM? If not can we make one? Today?
Every morning, somehow
#wheresbernie was a complete bust. so much for getting up before 5am.
I'm a drummer, so I could do rim shots to my own jokes if they were funny.
me and da homies still craccin up on that "GET OUT MY WAy" lol
they not gon beat the shit out of the Bulls tho
TAKE IT ALL IN TELL ME WHERE YA HEAD AT
So how's the unemployment life?
:) how's it going?
Me too! RT : I only check my voicemails to get rid of that annoying icon on my phone.
your point makes no sense. I live in CA and sexual freedom does not equal reduction in rape.
My son just sang: "Mary had a little duck, E-I-E-I..." He has just merged two songs.
Laptop not Labtop
I hope Scott brooks keeps the starting lineup in get 140points
To our dear facebook followers: Happy Valentine's Day!
I wish you were mine .
Today's tip: Don't waste your calories on sodas. One can of cola can pack 150 - 200 calories! Remember water is the best choice.
At waiting for Wavumba to start.
I'm pleased
thanks for the follow. I hope you get value from my tweets about hotels & hospitality
My nose feels like a solid block of concrete...
Facebook changed their privacy policy again... be careful!
Localize your website for each foreign language market you are trying to reach. Include foreign markets & speakers in your own country.
OMG lunch with tomorrow! WHAT SHOULD I WEAR!?!
What if you lose both arms rescuing a small child from the clenches of an alligator?
Had a dream I was in the army running missions...was the coolest dream ever, I fucked shit up. Then I frailed up and woke up lmao
did you see it?! Just say yes.
U stink at madden
R.I.P. Trayvon Martin
yeah kill it in D town. I will be there watching.
LOL good morning
I don't want to go to 5th period today man :( Where is Maia!!
Happy Birthday to my beautiful bride!
lol i just noticed that
Omg. Ilu so much that it's not normal. xoxoxoxox
Thank you LORD for the blessings in my life. Never knew I really wanted this until you gave it to me!!
Welcome to the house of horrors.
Actually, he hasn't spent ENOUGH money.
u know what I could do? :((
Teaching pyramid fail! Oh my, this is a favorite in my institution.
I wish I was watching a new episode of #Caged on tonight. But I'll settle for instead.
I love apetizers more than life .
#SexualPickUpLines "hey u wanna play Hide&Go anal?"
Regina asks: What does Prosser mean when he says"unrecognized opportunity to deliver a victory"??
If you want cash for your car today (running or not running), you can count on us. We provide easy, hassle-free pick up and free towing...
lol you fresh out here.
For a good time
Excited to work on some fun pieces with our friends, Diving into the world of editing. We'll see y'all when we come up for air.
How do people not like snails? They're basically armored land octopi - DvL
"Psychotic Reaction" is on air from 4-5, and "FUSiON" is on air 6-7!
do you? do you really love me?
I could easily tack a few thousand dollars onto that. Sigh. It's freakin' ridiculous.
Thanks to #DaveHill, #HotToddy & #ManifestDestiny for a great show. Thanks to friends & audience members we raised a lot to get us to CIF!
Next time im at someones house, im gonna get a whole bunch of food and put it on one small napkin like and did
Work. That's all I got.
Release your anger
RT : When cops, teachers, firefighters can't afford to live in the cities they serve, we've got a problem.
Ping pong party
I guess I take that tweet back then....smh
Why? An early morning meeting?
Cleaning lady: is there anyone in the bathroom? Me: no. Guy in bathroom: hey! I'm trying to shit!
happy to entertain
We need to get together again soon.
Just wrapped up the Flashmob at ! Thanks to everyone who came out. Photos and videos will be up on our site soon :)
damn that maintenance guy and abraham lincoln
#iconference10 #nmsplc "If you have a collective group focus, you get a lot more done today and you leave a legacy for tomorrow." MFullan
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." George Bernard Shaw
haha Oh you mean
#HowToGetRejected be a manwhore then all of a sudden wanna settle down
All 4 teams won today!
Thanks Brian!
“ 'just in case I lose a screw'. Right?” famous last words of the girl who is crushed by an Ikea armiore :-)
Thanks to everyone who participated in the Umeus Cloth twitter contest! Congrats to who was chosen as this weeks winner!
Xavier Avery triples. Just a home run and single away from cycle. Did I #jinx it?
I Miss My Brotha Free CHUB
I wish I was in Chicago right now. It taking a nap. I live an interesting life I guess.
Qué amabilidad por compartir mi page! THANKS and THANKS again and again!
A beautiful soul
what are you, an 80 year old woman?!
yess I better see u soon silly Sam!
GoOKC pour moi, for the little it's worth.
my bio: "Chief Storyteller , a guide service and bait shop for brands." the word "copywriter" isn't present but the idea is.
Use video in the classroom? Visit #nbclearn at the #TCEA2012 conference, booth 1817 for a free demo
TGIF!!! Yes, I can legitimately say that now.
now following! Have a great weekend!
The point of having a new relationship is to find somebody who is NOT like who you had before.
Upcoming...a review of on Stay tuned!
Desperately seeking Susan.... I mean, ahem UX - UI designers in DC! hit me up!
RT #FF Fellow Rice grad student, historian of material culture of Atlantic world, and good friend:
With time and training you'll start to get faster.
Griffin over Richardson. More difficult schedule, BU not nearly as good as a team. Where would Baylor be without RG3?
a society built on fossil fuels is a very foolish thing,when the fossil fuels run out society.................
What is everyone up to 2day
Catching up from a week off. I hope you have a fabulous day!
All the advertising...worthless pulp. I also do not turn on the TV to just watch advertisements. What is Twitter about? Is this it?
They just abandoned him in the alley, too .
Hey Doug. Just wanted to let you know we're sending your shirts today. Thanks for being a customer.
Starbucks, every meal, all day, every day.
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriend i'd be the luckiest girl in the world.
What's the best remedy for psoriasis? arms and legs.
RT : last night's Greenfield school board mtng turns heated, police called to manage protesters. more on this developing story
Let's just Drink to get Drunk and tell Eachother Everything; For a Drunken Mind, Speaks a Sober heart
too tired...
Reading about Estes Kefauver trying to figure out why he went all out to block Comsat in '61 when PHREDONIA, his mom's name, stops me cold.
Congrats to Derek Jeter!!!
Hi Jordan, look forward to seeing you in January!
Yeah, , my feed is pretty boring without the
Of course, one of my faves:) I'm doing well, hope to work with you guys again sometime! Hope things are great with you too!
hahaaa nice. Good luck!
ONE-LINER: Earth first! (We'll strip-mine the other planets later).
yup, I was on the bike trainer pedaling away.
He's been annoying forever. A precursor to Madden. Just another F wad saying shit on purpose to piss people off.
oh, i thought you meant dad. more evidence that your sister is a true badass.
thx! still have as few upgrades to make but I'm happy. And yes, it appears so. not happy about Prop 1, but that's the plan.
follow back love
slack shall be cut... for now ;) hehe
Just a boy and his dog named Monkey.
Can't wait till I go to Dallas for Texas Bar Fights 8 this weekend! Want to see how everyone is in #skullgirls and
Let us be mindful about the profits that Mars, Inc. and Arizona Beverages are making off of this deplorable act of violence and bigotry.
There's one thing I don't understand about Joe the Plumber -- why isn't he Sam the Plumber?
Thanks bob. We will check it out!
NY or DC...the eternal question...
Get out!! More enlightened genius minds in the fold?!
credit cards!
It's slippery out there. Be careful where you walk as you come into Wafrique today. Lots of items on sale until Saturday.
Your welcome Anomie ~ hope your well,
did you get my text? Lol
Oh HELL NO!
Quick hits: Meet five more UFA’s set to join the Miami Dolphins
I'm considering checking out #LazyMeter. Any early adopters willing to express thoughts on it?
Be persistent and ask God daily to place His words in your mouth. Be Encouraged!
Actually you should come out with your own line of shiny suits and boot tips.
Griffmas has come early for the Redskins
I enjoyed the article! I was wondering, is our perception of side-chain compression effected in any way by iTunes mastering?
Why will people want to pay to see your movie?
someone let me run away to their house i cant take this please please please
Running to catch your bus is always a fun way to start your morning.
Going to bed with a smile on my face! :)
#wcphilly Monetization should NOT be your number one priority.
I just came up with the perfect pick-up line for #EDC: "Hey, I'm not on any drugs so my dick actually works."
They need to franchise a #Hooters right in the middle of My Old KY Home State Park.
Just made it home. still have a lot of work to do today! I'm so excited for some new projects... :)
you can but like I would be forced to hit you in the nose w a news paper and then kick you out ;)
S/o heard your movin on to bigger and better things. Congrats Kug, I just ask we get one more game of euchre in!
My hands would turn bi-sexual for my girl, I'm not going to sit around and let anybody touch her . . .
After two weeks of summer, SPRING IS HERE!!!!!!
What Up Tweople! how was your easter ?!
Stayed offline yesterday due to an electrical storm. No need to zap the computer or get crispy.
Special welcome to who is joining the twitter fold!
Jonny boy! This is my new project dhCARES! We want to lead by example by using our manpower to volunteer-Thanks for the follow
Big meeting of the minds today! The only problem is the only good mind that will be there is mine...
boah where tf u been ? I been textng u tramp !
YES! Hunger Games Survivor of a sort :) Mixed with a little Blair Witch Project!!
Daytime Emmy nomination snubs: The overrated women on The View...who cares? But where is the Susan Lucci of court, Judge Judy?
Spent Thursday, Friday in 18th Century at Market Fair, Fort Frederick, Big Pool, Maryland. Highly recomment the event.
#lxchat starts at the top of the hour.
Paying homage to Willow/Angel shippers, here. Are there any Angel/Willow shippers in the house?
Peter Nivio Zarlenga~ To come to be, you must have a vision of Being, a Dream, a Purpose, a Principle. You will become what your vision is.
Your #hgtved made me tear up. I always love your designs.
I just asked about u .
Why am I still layingdown? ...
aww how cute! are u excited? :)
Where's a good Vietnamese place in Seattle?
~Man Im Glad I Got Out That Bum Azz Skul Park Manor..!
If you know of someone that deserves to be discovered please send us a video or where we could find them.
stalker mode -.-
i want to win new sublime sun advanced sunscreen to protect and perfect my skin
A whole lotta Jerry Lee Lewis: With a 100-song box set due for release, 'The Killer' talks to Douglas McPherson.
looking for an OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR [Administrative Manager] in LAKELAND, FL (8 years experience and 4 year degree). Send resume ASAP or c…
up and down with tucks passing but glad I don't have to get up early
Users are trained to ignore colorful mages at the top of web pages. They will start looking underneath them for the content
i woke up on the wrong side of the bed....did you guyss present your photoshop scenerys?
I'm either going to fly or ruin that families picnic. Lol.
And as i looked up,...it rained on me!!
Help out the word about the film. We need some true angels this week to put us within reach our goal.
Long time Brova! Got you message on FB, but the kids man... my kids run wild all day.
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE FROM MIAMI I LOVE MY CITY BUT NOT CRIMES AND VIOLENCE THAT'S IN IT
My girlfriends and I are getting together for a quilting bee, but we're replacing the quilt with a film.
Savory meat boosts business savvy 35 points RT : Hey sosh team meeting on ur patio @ 3PM > cool?
Green jobs available/www.ecoemploy.com
AP has called the Democratic race for governor for Tom Barrett. The rematch is on.
Thanks, you a ninja!
It is too damn hot out
: you guys seriously can't be planning on protesting the Arizona victims funerals... What would it take to get u to not do it?
My car is running so great now! :)
try to always wear contacts after makeup, have you tried that?
I'm teaching Mysore this morning and #yoga workshop this afternoon
Australia. Gold Coast. GCF. Ketchup. Unicorns. Turtles. Cereal. Chocolate. Eva Longoria. Toothpaste. Mouthwash.
Bonfire at my place friday!(:
What is the line between mosaic theory of gathering information and insider trading?
Thanks! And a belated congrats on your pregnancy! I liked your status, but I don't think I commented. E will be a great big sis!
Email sent!
but clay matthews gets fined 5000 for yellow cleats English
OH, bend it over make it touch ur toes :)
Weather like Hawaii -- we've got the clothes for the occasion -- come on up -- here 'til 7 PM
Would love to get to Indpls for a radio Interview. What would it take?
Will be giving away a ticket every week until film festival starts. Keep your eyes opened and your fingers ready to type!
My problem is i get attached to people to fast and in some form they just leave you there to figure it out by yourself
follow our official account :) we also follow back on that one too.
chicken wings
should follow me:) im mahomie for life:)
Idk about my actions of the past all I can do is look toward the future
I read their profile carefully, try to figure out what their intent is and probably accept. If they pitch me, I disconnect.
Second coffee run of the day. Is the planet shaking or is it just me?
Louis CK is too funny. Too bad I don't have FX.
My sister is so mean in the morning . I just got punched in the face.... She is 7....
Giveaway! 4 tix to the Milwaukee Admirals game & Craig Morgan concert. Game starts at 7 concert is right after. Tweet us!
all mankind is of one author, and is one volume; when one man dies, one chapter is not torn out of the book.
it's official! In June I will be Special Collections/Archives Librarian at Trinity University in San Antonio, TX!!
Glad you like it. We agree. That offense could be ridiculous next season with all of those weapons...
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube an gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
email me.
Lord R Kelly thinks I'm following him. Trust me I'm not! I'm just directionally challenged
When's the release date? Anxious to hear it!
is flirting something you just do or can you be taught it cause if it can I need to be taught it!
Doug e fresh
And the name of the coffee club is????
Congratulations! I'm excited to try Tahoe on S3.
Listening to #breakdown. I promise when a song comes from the heart....you know it, you feel it.
The google chrome commercial is so cute!
So excited to volunteer at Houston Food Bank next week! This is something I've always wanted to do and finally have the time! : )
Don't forget to live before you die.
When are we doing lunch/coffee next??!!
Teens who participate in community service programs do better in schools, life.
To the film room!!
#usguys Thanks Mark! Really looking forward to participating in this community. All the best!
ladies love me... yea, shawty mane is back! Oh yea!
yeah I used to live there and I miss it! how long are you there for?
Investing could be in property or stocks a teacher suggested invest in utilities he believed it most stable stock option
I bet it's doing wonders for your soul!
wow didnt knw u were out here
Thanks for the follow, Nikhil
Next week i'll be back in L.A.! On wed @ ECCO, on thu @ Chateau Marmont (Gen Lux Magazine party), on fri @ Confidential
What a day. I've never seen severe weather like. It was like dozens of tornados dropped from the sky in four hours.
Sad to see Mr. Jobs go, #apple won't be the same for a little while. Who is going to rock the turtleneck and levi's!?
How will i know? Rip whitney :(
Do you prefer to exercise inside at a gym or outside in the fresh air & natural environment?
got it..
hahaha you must be bored.
happy mother's day to everyone
amen David! <3
Oh my...its finally Friday!!!
Definitely. I'm trying to make my peers more aware of that!
Thanks, Jen!
good luck filling it. I know where I would want to work if I was an awesome product manager
i love you.
you're perfect..
you read my blog?
Moves like Jagger should never be confused with Moves from Jäger
All I want to do is eat and sleep.
Liaise is a pretty sexy word, isn't it? Altho if you asked someone you wanted to liaise with them, what would they say? Aw yeah, maybe?
Invest in your own gym equipment. They're cheaper in the long run.
That was a great opening
Great rehearsal with Chris Zimmerman on Mahler No.2. Hear it live May 14 & 15. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org
Thanks for the re-following.
“The universal truth is beyond question – the only people who excel are those who have decided to do so.” ~ Seth Godin via:
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : Dear men that are not full blown European, times that it's cool to wear white pants: Diddy's white party. Thats it.
I'm mad not following me I thought we were cool
Lord, bless our week. Life is short, help us to live every moment with enthusiasm
I am happy to be a jogging partner if you ever want one (with the caveat that I am slow and likely to stop for pastry)
now that's #humor “ RT : RT : How do witches spend Friday the 13th? / Drinking your hubby's brew! / Got ipecac?”
. says city can save $7.4 million w/ IT outsourcing over next 5 years. Promises all jobs onshore. Story to come.
Do you know #valencia has a lot of amazing #productdesigners? check it out on the latest www.fromspainmagazine.com .
Enough with Kardashians Bruce was an American hero they turned him into a weak joke he's not even a man anymore
Lombardi once said, “If you can accept losing, you can't win.” That’s why my #Packers are undefeated! Keep it up,
#Loex2012 Meet & Greet, socialize, party, host, party, play, invite, create, shake $,collaborate, teach,assess, advocate
amtak-ing it up to NYC with dev for a 24-hour visit...stocked up on movies, coffee and snacks. wish you were here, !
Trust me Gasol and Bynum deserve criticism Bottom line "Coach" gets the best game out of his players!
Making my work night fly by with these funny tweets! I'm a big fan!
49 signatures! Lets keep this going! Sign our petition so that we can all enjoy the nice weather and Wi-fi on the front lawn after break!
Katherine McPhee is pretty, but has as much charisma as a glass of water.
Come see me every other day.
Not quite what I ought 2 be,, not what i want 2 be, not yet what I hope 2 be, but THANK GOD I'm not what I used 2 b!!”
The tweet I just saw >>> Hahahahahaa.
Great input on #lrncampphx w/ this morning. Thx all.
which one
Just had heated debate about Wikipedia with room full of historians. Thanks for playing along Anne Ward @
About to watch The #Descendants. Isn't George Clooney so dreamy?!
i hate ricky he went from worst driver and alway wreck every week and jack gave him a 2nd chance and he like damn good, but talent driver
: Tell us your location AND describe a woman in history you admire to win!: San Francisco. My woman in history: Marie Curie.
I have been able to follow my death step by step and now my life goes gently to its end. - Pope John XXIII
pass the insta from da left hand side! Pass the insta from da left hand side!!
On another note.. Today is #Fantabuloso3 by and im EXCITED!! But 1st i gotta run the Sox game on
Do your thing tonight,Sherri:)
why did they suspend you?
Cant sleep cant stop workn Happiness is the key!!!!!
My favorite part of Node.js is not using it. Can't wait until that's also my favorite part of MongoDB.
Thanks for calling me at 2am to encourage me to push through the night. Suddenly very homesick for my best friend.
If you're looking for a new place to go tonight, check out Hughes Hangar and head back to the speakeasy days
LEMME ASK, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT FAT CATS NOW!
Ah, it was the green pepper I saw. Sounds tasty none the less.
I miss you too Payto.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Precision...Creates Energy."
Tee off at OVS' Annual Golf Tournament at Bear's Best Golf Course in Suwanee on Monday, August 30. Call Brad Ladden, 404-842-2457 for info.
Start the New Year right! Add massage therapy to your wellness routine to help boost your immune system.
This is my life and I've rocked it since 1992.
. Follow Me And Ifollow Yu Back .
Good luck to , , and everyone at the at #SXSW this week! #Milwaukee really DOES have a lot of talent!
can the Bills get competitive this year?
but strippers are better (; *me&you yoville strippers* LOLOLOLomg
I need help ASAP. How and where can i get tix to the midnight premeire of the Hunger Games!?
Lol thus building... Do you hear the sound of the three... idk annoyants??
This is some complex shit.
who's the boo these days Ry?
Nice work sir!
RT : #ff They'll eat a whole vat of string beans for u. Except that 1 girl, she doesn't put anything in her mouth
Who needs substance? :)) We're talking entertainment here. Whatever entertains works, right?
sounds like a plan! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
“: took a week off but came back to like i never left ” < #RockyWoodard !!!
Eaah , it was super cold thou :p
well said.
#Conan is the best medicine.
Economic growth linked to education, research, and infrastructure. Virtual Research Facilities leading the way in these areas
Anyone wanna come to the mall with me? :]
You are gonna sign back up with us right? :-(
Thanks for the mention, Country!
We're at the Central forum on LGBTQ Issues! Hosted by 's LGBTQ Commission.
Smfh it's a huge turn off.. Nobody wants to date a thug ass bitch
As a Duck fan, I am not worried about BB running the O, Chip can prep a QB....I am more worried about WHY DT is leaving!
Well, my temporary metal dental appliance didn't set off any alarms on the full body scanner. Whew!
yeah u have to let me borrow that
help me trend thus.Thanks. Please RT: LastHoranWednesdayof2011
war of the worlds.
Lousy #smarch weather
the LTR girls have a bet going. Is Rob cut or uncut? Some have questions about Jackson too.
So im high and hungry and my mom decides to cook liver -___-
sounds like a plan :)
I want a p-rail
Bobby V manager of the year.
I took a shit in a public restroom for the first time in more than a decade today. It didn't help me run any better at poker though.
Many Men wish death upon me. Dog I dont cry no more. Dont look to the sky no more. Have mercy on me have mercy on my soul...
TEXTING MY DAD "OMGOMG" AND HIM THINKING SOMETHING HAPPENED. AND THEN SENDING HIM A PICTURE OF JUSTIN'S TWEET
and your beautiful blue eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
#TNedu lags behind all surrounding states except AL, MS -
Inadvrtntly made "kissy" noises at a scary man alone in his truck at 1am. A not-scary cat was on the hood & I didnt see man until too late.
Hello, how was everyones day?..
Excuse me but we all can't graduate from Samuel L. Banks
to admit Kobe went ham and is still the best closer... But he could of got his team more involved and not missed those shots..
RT : “: What was your favorite mistake?” Showing up a day early for my China Beach audition. It helped you getthe part?
is an important part of black comedy history!!
Hunger games was fucking amazing. !!!!!!! Ashdjandkakamaj <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
stop dat! He said not to!
Anyone else have a #guessjacksscore to throw out?
DineEquity Names PepsiCo Exclusive Beverage Provider
I was KNOCKED by the time u sent this...Good mornin doe..!
Looks like our hash tag for this panel has changed.
The vote in North Carolina makes me sick. So sad that love can't be open for everyone.
Gotta go now, finish report cards & go to sleep~take care~talk to u tmrw : )
did u let the kiddies play n the snow
Failed first grammar test and then I failed the retake... 53% the first time 56% the second time... I hate grammar
ah he should've said something! Go Pacers!
And I'm gonna go home now, k?
Fuck I can't sleep..
“: Don Draper’s drink order being “big and brown.” #TFM”
gotta head to Play again. Work never ends :)
i use the same tone of attitude for people i really like and really dont like. try to figure me out, i dare you. ^__^
Just saw Jaheim up close n personal. That negro looks like hes been hitting the pipe. Nina doesn't like skinny negros.
hi Ann Marie thank you! He seems to be recuperating. Had 99% blockage in 1 & 90% in the other! Freaked my sister right out!
RT : WOW! So damn glad I found this page ---> <--- Best tweets, quotes, and inspirational words! I LOVE IT!
That's why I love my home boys
haha those were next on my list! although bowling i could do in my spare time for extra cash and to create a name for myself
Heard on : Americans produce more trash than any other Westerners. Are Austinites different? What do you do to decrease waste?
Getting ready, about to jump in the shower. Family brunch today celebrating all the mom's in my family for mothers day. It's a tradition :)
Oh no
base god nigga
With a possible "double dip"recession around the corner, now's the time for a real jobs program! Rebuild roads &bridges, boost green energy!
and you do?? why are you so concerned about money other people make? pls don't try to take this fake moral high ground...
And in the year 2012c.e., God saw that everyone was too damn busy, so God created an 8th day of the week: Extryday.
Nick Cave! Please to come out on stage for me. Thank you.
DEFINITELY Karou from Daughter of Smoke & Bone. I'd want her to show me Prague.
Sounds like someone I need to listen to :)
so sweet!
Is this person a professional athlete?
Lets show some love #BBN! Let him know how much we would love to see him in a UK uniform!
looking forward to meeting Frank Tardif, is that date scheduled yet?
How's Michael gonna escape Hoth by himself? And when will Wallace shoot somebody down? And Bubbles is a mechanic now??
Ooh is live tweeting a tour of #fireiceexhibit right now!
My mama just asked me do i need more money. um i mean sure why not ?!!!! :-D
Bielema and Hammock gave Gordon 30 carries to see how he responded to the workload; 'he actually got better as the game went on'
wow!! what a weekend.. Best part my buddy Matt and his new wifey Taylor are now a married couple. going to sleep much needed.
We'll also be announcing the shipper of our 4,000,000th document and winner of $500...soon!
This Sat. we'll rock it out at Marion 10-1-come to pull, #plant, & paint w us! RSVP to if you wanna attend or
Just had my first Five Guys burger. Pretty good.
I don't deserve his shit .. fr I know I can do better .. I'm off him .. off that ..
Real quote from client today "You guys hit it out of the park. I can’t get my team to sit down. Our accountant is more excited than anyone!"
Stuck in the plane for the last one hour on the Tarmac :( Come on get us in the air already!
Sent beats!!
I'm good hbu and lol okay
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says he is strongly leaning toward calling the mayoral race for Jefferson Smith.
technically, every sunset IS a sunrise, because it's rising in another part of the world. :)
you were in the cape tourney with me. i'm out:( ...aw:( still in fusilier.
for pay?
Painted on abs... nice one, Shaq. Barkley should've added some spray-on chest hair.
Drums=my life
Haha. I love to hear that!!
#takingatest placement test for strake with a bunch of others
Anyone in LA, I'll be showing a short film and doing some standup tonight at The Improv Lab 8162 Melrose Ave. at 8:30!
never a problem :)
Fun time playing contemporary church service this morning at Minnehaha Methodist in Minneapolis. Blues Sunday! Ray Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
you better;) you too james!
Getting ready for InfusionCon day 3. What an awesome 3 days.
Earth: Making Of A Planet. Natgeo. Fascinating.
check your direct messages:)
Working on the social media aspect of my cookbook project. Realizing how exhilarated I feel. Need to focus on writing...lol
Of all things I could forget on the SoL date.I forget my laptop.I kind of need that.
Can't believe I'm going to be in Europe in a little over a month!!! A trip of a lifetime!! :)
made the pcwest basketball team (:
I don't like where this is going
seen a lot smaller!!
Don't spend today mad about yesterday
thank you so much
Apparently Gordon Biersch is a 49ers bar? Who knew. Guess I'm the lone Bears fan that's gonna piss the place off. I love it.
nvm not messing with that
Update for followers~We are holding deal launch as it is unknown how long until software is fixed, so no posts/contests until we know more!
- Hey Scott, where have you seen the best implementation of learning analytics?
Can't wait to see #Duets #teamkelly !!!
then I realized #QCMerge is over and I won't be seeing you today. Bo!
so you werent able to get tickets yet?
RT to kill battery. RT : My phone is dying!!!! x_x
When taking out more than one dog at a time who gets the leash first? The most calm and submissive one
At a sweet sixteen. Theme song moment for life by nikki minaj.need i say anymore
Ahem, yes. Hard to find, but yes.
Watch Lord of the Flies in govrmt
We completely agree! #UMW is full of great minds!
great to have you here!
Passing through Louisville, hello again haha
Dang Bradly Perry has gotten cuter! :D
TX doll face!
I used to be addicted to this site,I can feel me slowly getting addicted again,haha,now to hopefully build my followers back up again... lol
I really don't like applesauce.
My nephew is in Chop right now and going to be in there all week.
1 choice can turn your life around drastically in a good way or bad way think before reacting!
is it a new Supah Ninjas Friday or Saturday? So I can bake the must awesomest cupcakes for the party.
S/O to all my new followers..thanks for following me.. thats why I always follow back (:
There you go making my heart beat again.
New Music from me Chris Keith coming soon!!!#2RealEnt!!!
RT : agreed! We need to teach our students how to authentically reflect on their work.
Done with first sleep. Hungry. Second sleep coming soon...
If #Baltimore is trying to be a 'green' city, why does the city government have a $890,000 contract for "Toner and Ink Cartridges?"
Now its working. Ok Does that do the trick for you? Haha
Nice logo!
enhanced broadcast is way text heavy. I'm having a hard time reading and listening.
Deleting music and contacts out of my phone :)
thanks girl! When's season 2 of football wives?! Favorite show
You are very kind. He was honorable, beloved by his wife & sons, and well respected. All that a man can hope for in life.
I'm a nervous wreck!
I cannot believe you disqualified for THAT, !
Clarification is key. RT Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
. What Southern English is, origins, variations, implications- Ch 3 in Understanding English Language Variation in US Schools
Happy new year everyone!
beach today with my mom and hopefully my boo ... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Everyone is so #boss on this eurythmics quiz today #2against5?
Great call you just screwed The Miz!!!
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
Just booked our 1st Leaving 2/20 outta Miami FABULOUS deal! Celebrating hubs bday & "no more brain tumor" almost 1yr! YIPPEE
Yup u do she adorable!
Boxing gave me the opportunities to grow into the person that I am today. Alexis Arguello
ignited? Did I say that?
some old man just told me off all because i cutt him off :(
I'm here for you bff!
Dear Bo Ryan: If you're only going to play seven guys today, Rob Wilson probably has no business being one of them.
K-Love<3
would anyone like a shoutout ? :D im in the mood for $h ! (:
oh ok that funny. Prob not the best for you but it is interesting info lol. you cant move seats
Hi! Did you get Welch's commemorative Red Sox bottle? Would love to connect about Red Sox Nation attempting World Record Fri
rt if Rice University were a person, I would punch it in the face. I am embarrassed, and I will never support you again.
Something I learned tonight don't trust anyone but myself...some people are so selfish and rude! Fuck
#Walker Maps Road to "Interstate" 41. Is their any doubt, this project will go to one of his top corporate donors
Who! I'll put you on the list and let you know...it's be sometime in June I think...
Nap time!!
trust me, so I can trust you. Hold my hand so I could hold your hand and do not forget to hug me so I can't let you go
TV news on mute, downloading an app onto my iPad, waiting for a call on my smartphone, typing this on a laptop.
We still need some kickin graphics for DCWiki. Especially an avatar for this account... the bug-eyed thing is starting to creep me out.
yeah, pretty sneaky (;
Highly educated out of history I have come, that Woody Guthrie painting is amazing. I am very excited for centennial events.
Heart attacks... God's revenge for eating his little animal friends..Dump the meat..Go Vegan!!
Yeah, I got one.
Does that article mention that it's written by a guy who runs a for profit, sports themed, novelty t-shirt business?
Anyone know the Top 10 reason's why you don't need Life Insurance?
I will! I used a vanilla flavored one and added some vanilla extract. We shall see.
Wearing my pink power ranger shirt today.
I hate having to make dinner reservations over the phone. Thus I have been putting off calling this restaurant for #ala12 dinner for a week.
Listening to how ABs can be better taught in FYW. What do we ask students to do when we ask them to write an AB?
Mother's Day Tea Party–Sun, May13, 1130am-1230pm $5 -Celebrate our park's history & enjoy high tea. Reg reqd by May10.
The drama the media is going to make of this next series after that Metta bow to Harden....
Weequahic Park Upper/Lower Clinton Hills and Dayton Episcopal Community Development Inc. 620 Clinton Avenue, Newark, NJ May 16th (Wednesday)
June 1st ;) 4 days before #Paradise comes out :D
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> every time my folks go outta town I wind up LOOKIN dead cause I can't sleep without em here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Welcome back to the land of gorgeous weather!
capacity is only as big or small as what its used for, 32GB is usually enough for average use
interesting shout. Theo is so one dimensional, could be Ox on one flank and Johnson as back up for either.
why does today seem like it should be monday? ugh
MT RT "if there's an #occupyoakland raid, some police agencies are refusing to help OPD"
I'm suffering without you
#sschat, If students all demonstrate mastery than what? We are told to grade tougher, without any ideas for how to do that.
The state of North Carolina produces a ton of high school basketball talent.
My grandfathers and my cousin Rachel will sleep in my house tonight. Where I'll sleep? <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
there is no forgiveness for me :p
Also, who is this 'Bessie'? She sounds fabulous.
Dont even know what you're worth Everywhere u go they stop & stare Cause you're bad & it shows From your head to your toes Out of control
A turkey wrap just saved my life. Ready for afternoon hustle &
The elbow Meta World Peace threw yesterday is just another example of a guy not living up to his name.
I use to feel bad for homeless people until today. Most of em in Chicago are crackheads.
btw who hates Michael Jordan?
I know, they worship the ground Philip n josh walk on
I want that moment back, I wanna take it all back & restart.... I just want a miracle....
DENNYS TONIGHT. IT'S BEEN TOO FUCKING LONG
Boom! Thanks ! It is less of a clone and more of a companion. :D
ping pong and puppies at work! Champagne and cupcakes in a bit. Creature fridays are pretty hip.
amanda call me!!! :)
There is a limit to what I can do, but there is no limit to what God can do! Believe.
Black girls have the worst attitude ever>>>> i wonder why though....wtf is yall problem!!!!
this shit right here this shit this is a love seat I cnt even sit on it if I aint in love omg
"Keep breathing.... stay alive..... who knows what the tide can bring?" - Chuck Nolan in "Cast Away".
See I'm not trick you play I'm wired a different way I'm not a mistake I'm not a fake, it's set in my DNA #icantbetamed”
so snark gets me banned? Awesome.
i didn't know she still does music lol
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Only 2 More BOOJUM performances!!! Don't Miss It!!! www.tinyurl.com/boojumchi
I want to
8 Mile and then Get Rich or Die Tryin >>>>>>
Drug affected baby. -_-
lmao. people really be going in on celebs.
If I'm ever given the chance to change my name legally, i'll change it to Amanda Rollercoaster-Of-Life.
Thanx for the RT. Looking forward to learning from Lou Bortone about video marketing
Woo! Wear 'em with pride!
Sometimes... I really wish I could punch these immature little brats on my bus for being mean and picking on everybody. Must Remain Calm...
no doubt bro u already know what it iz
A man with a perm and a ponytail slightly longer than mine is trying to convince me we need to date bc I have pretty feet. Oh, Detroit.
lol nice... wat did you dream?
Want to learn some Mambo Shuffle & M Bop? Join us here at Revolver from 8:15-9pm to learn for free! Always a fun time w/ our instructor!
I know--stunning!
My #ThoughtsWhileRunning are... hahahaha that's a joke, I don't run!
Korn's least metal album of their career wins "album of the year"
I think you're talking about Marco? I was responding about Yuni
We had Consuella for a waiter at lunch today... Bhahahah
of course!!!
That's cute
Laundry, resting tummy, more laundry resting again, cleaning, resting, etc.
Looking for a 1990-95 Bobst SP102 to buy, under $150,000. If you have one for sale, email .
- shidd when I get at ride to the Southside im on the eastside right now
thank you, Patrick!! So very kind of you :)
pass me 3
Sexy Ugly! Hot Mess!
Has a gator in one of our ponds. Scary!!!
Did you catch the double entendre in that last tweet? I'm so naughty.
RIP Leslie Nielsen and Irvin Kershner. Who's number 3?
i love my stepdaddy fr fr.
SUPERDRAFT has formed a partnership with an iconic media brand...details coming soon.
L= c/t x E - means that Learning (L) is any Change (c) that occurs over Time (t) as a result or product (x) of Experience (E). - itsjustme
Just because a band/artist doesn't sing the genre you like, doesn't mean they are talentless.
Join Sr. Evaluator 4 the National Science Foundation & U.S. Dept of Edu, & Founder of IDEA Lab, Matthew Champagne, PhD @ AIR Forum May 23.
It takes money to make money. #factsoflife <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
what did expect from the PNW crew Matt? How did my boy Jay do?
oh fun fun!! How come? :]
who are you?
Reyes was safe . That umpire wasn't even in position .
This Friday the 13th, join us at Sean O' Callaghan's for a boondoggle of mind-boggling soul joggling.
went around 7:30 tonight. we were first in line & took 5 minutes. As it got later it got more crowded.
RT : It is most important to note that not all autistic people are the same.
you do understand what happened to Irene right? They tell in the end, which was planned from a storytelling angle...
: Love what you do, keep going!
Just bought $DMD
Thanks...but there was no skill involved. Pure luck :) RT : nice job Anna!
... This is the weekend to break the slump.
Mike that was not if best look LMFAO
I forgot to stop following you since u ain't wit the Defending #SB46CHAMPS #NYGIANTS thanks for ur service.
My phone didn't ring much today wow
yes we made extra. Lots to munch on.
yeah its difficult for you. haha. im ust a lazy ass at times.
Having some food, aching after working out. What are you all upto?
I need to go now ladies..talk to u soon :) see yah love u all <3
#Trick you can be mad and I #Will get the last laugh
Love -ALWAYS supporting!! You rock!!
Happy birthday s/o to the greatest aunt out there! I love you! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
Tout est pardonné!
Oh my Gosh. I haven't been on Twitter for so freaking long! :o ... But GooodMorning!(:
Camara says they are considering a lawsuit over the lines
*Leaves dermatologist's office, goes tanning.
The real jewels in life are your Family and Friends.
Is Given me #everythingINeed tonight! Thank you Sasha Thank you so much!
That's bold! We like it.
morning love :) you were AMAZING last night, y'all KILLED that stage. <3 it would make my day if you followed me <3
why would someone want to remake
Reviewing script for am audition!
TIP: Poker cards & chips are dirtier and contain more germs than your toilet seat. Try not to touch any cavities when playing live poker.
Happy new year friends!! :)
I have to tie die to shirts.Luck
NL dominates. home field secured. #sfgiants repeat. lets get it
Bowling withdrawals.....no league for 2 weeks. Practice time!
I heard Tony Stark is taken and Captain America is in love with his career...
great find...
Exactly. One day a week, one meal a week and only for the summer.
Don't ever listen to anything has to say, his nana likes to take her wig off when she's drunk
Love the Huevos Rancheros! RT : We set the standard for excellence. Check in at Weck's today and make your followers jealous.
uuhhhhh are u guys really going to this???
I need 30 more! Help a sista out!
I love that song!
I solemnly vow to never drink Narraganset beer again. It's terrible, and I refuse to be a person that pretends to even remotely enjoy it.
Proud to be supporting this today! RT : It's today. #DineOut to
Just had aces over kings. Up to 10k.
happens to me everyday :)
Im loving my life no stress
Felt the #hungergames movie, even though left out some key points, did a fine job! Do you agree?
Hi! Miss you!
This truly has been A (Wonderful) Day for Meta House. Thanks so much for all of your support and tweets!
Electrolux Q1 core profit tops forecasts, keeps outlook
“: Please give a warm Twitter welcome & follow to catcher "
Well done, Colin Firth. Outstanding performance and the most delightful acceptance speech of the night.
that stadium is a bit much. Fish tanks? Really?
nature's way, unfortunately
..have worked IF the local communities took advantage of Act 10. WI's fiscal house is finally in order. He took on a tough issue head-on.
you use fb now ? Yes pancho attacked me :/
want to know what to expect from certain #castingdirectors? read their reviews!
Join Alan and Lita Blake and the one and only FANTASIA at the 28th annual UNCF Mayor's Masked Ball Dec. 18th, 2010.
i have a date friday lol.
tax day deals. McCormick and Schmick's dinner entrees slashed by four dollars. all diners will get a $10.40 certificate for future use.
Oh great! Now I have one of those right wing nut job Birthers that Arizona just LOVES following me. Argh! - FLAKE OFF (LOL!)
Absolutely! We were all glued to our TVs tonight! Thanks!
This girl ass in dtlr >>
Let's hop in this Chevy Nova and drive in some runs
Twardowski starred in some popular German movies & fled to avoid persecution for his homosexuality. He nigh exclusively played Nazis in USA.
I asked my wife which jersey she wanted.. why? Because he's cute! Lol...
oh, that asparagus dish at Septime sounds terrific. loved that restaurant!
I hate those days when he doesn't text back and all I can think is negative.
HAPPY FRIDAY!! RT if today is your favorite day!!!
Some people just don't learn, even wen they get hurt!!
NBA or NCAA?
Nope, Django. did the heavy lifting. Love it – between that and Rails I couldn't bear to go back to PHP/Wordpress now
Stage Combat Workshop tomorrow. Am I too old to wield weaponry? Hell no! My new actor goal: Find role for a kickass fiftysomething chick.
If you're interested in making 100 dollars per day without selling anything hit me up
Watching the Red Carpet of the Oscar's... hoping to see some fabulous hand-crafted accessories on these celebs.
May your feet only take the righteous path and your hands touch with the gentleness of our Lord and Savior. A blessed New Year to all...
I'll keep that in mind
I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself. -Mikhail Baryshnikov
Just realized I hadn't answered you yet. Forgive me, please. April, Vol. 8 is in the process of publication.
I just have the strangest impulses sometimes! I am not even done yet
Now that's hot. (;
Should you may build a business up large enough, it is respectable.
lolol I remember that. We gotta chill sometime niglet
heard wolfe interview on 102.3. reminded me of lyle alzado (enthusiastic). hope he plays like lyle
I hate Kobe but I don't hate his game
My Check Engine Light Coming On <<<
haha! half of your face looks kinda old! :D
ha. same here. I'm fickle with music, but K.R.I.T. gets play almost every day.
Have fun in Disney country.
Haha. Want anything from McDonald's? I feel guilty.
Not sure why some of my tweets are sent out a day later.
Ask me to follow eyou and I'll get to it later. Promise!!!!!<3 If you want to see more of my tweets follow my personal; <3
busy here. Just started full-time at NARA & doing a field study @ U of Baltimore library. Coffee sounds like a good idea.
En route to Fontana.
Awesome! Please send along. So glad to have another friend at Knight.
thanks for following! Hope you find some helpful info here!
Ladies: Everything is a stepping stone. Everything is a tool. Get what you want & need! Awake your God-given Power RT
Alfredo F. is stalking me today, obviously.
The more I keep learning about neuroscience and memories.. the more afraid I get that my memories are fading and they aren't real anyway.
If you do not succeed in fascinating your customer, your product will fail. And if that happens, you fail too.
Garlic does wonders for the body
Lucky Lil SOB he is!
RIP MCA. Your genius and love of true hip hop will be missed dearly.
Hopes my baby feels better soon. I love you the mostest! XoXoXo.
What are 'things I'll never say in October'?
RT : H.R. 3848 still gaining attn Thanks newest cosponsors:
Just sent rough sketches of my tattoo to the artist to see if it needs to be altered to look better as a tattoo. Super nervous.
thank you thank you!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dear parents suing #Apple for racking up high app bills... learn how to parent ur children or keep ur password from them. Not rocket science
NEXT WEEK: Nameless Sound & the Menil Collection present John Butcher (UK) and Joe McPhee (New York) at Richmond Hall, The Menil Collection
ya ill dm you
You know what? I don't disagree with you at all.
hey cherry hit dm in 2secs
THE GREATEST DVD EVER IS HERE "The Best Power Hour DVD" Drink a Beer With Homer Simpson and watch the best movie scenes on www.flipcups.com
hm a guy named Matt Every is leading a #PGA event u dont see that name every day atop leader board
Sorry to hear that, Matt. Will the sabrage continue?
did you tell him that he should have gone with his gut and folded?
Why is tumblr down ? #ah :(
This stomach growling tho....I need food!!!!
In a yoga state of mind
my phone does that sometimes
“I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match." -Mia Hamm
They are great. They are still never allowed to go to Vancouver though. Raging Canucks fans.
If Juan Pablo Montoya can be this destructive, just wait until Travis Pastrana enters the scene in April!
Fuck Ringgold!!! I hate EVERYONE in that damn school!!! I wanna go to cyber school!!
Happy New Year!!!!
good morning sunshine!
I miss my snacks and twins
Damn! I thought she meant the other kind of crabs.
just met up with Brando- who is the angel that sold us our tickets??!
you should become a comedian ^__^
sometimes it is much better to watch the foreign commentary. French was much more complementary.
End of the month is always the busiest... and most challenging. Just the way I like it!
Holy Shit #poundthealarm came on! Tearing up the floor.
Come in for the craziest time of your life,you never know what these girls will do next!We got a house full of beautiful Honeys waiting for
Now follow the beauty
Just finished watching the 1 hour and 30 minute Avatar series finale, some intense shit
rehearsing my set for 4/26 at
Didn't get the link for the event.Please send when you have a sec. Thanks!
2014 LB Clifton Garrett from Joliet (Ill.) had a busy day today - #MichiganState, #BallState and #BowlingGreen all stopped to see him.
My friend on the way...cool
Tweet me a number & a question, & I will tell you which IB. (:
RT Had my fun now back to the money ;)
Startup success is more or less based on hard work. Usually more. /via
But don't you think he was madder when he found out Carol Anne was sucked into the television?
Haven't even launched yet and already got my first client. :-)
yes they do!
Kurt Bush just got a huge stripe!
How was your #gf stuffing ?? :)
ugh. I'm pretty sure that's "comic sans.". It was hurting my eyes as well
follow me :)?
But it turns out making rice krispies treats IS like muscle memory-- comes right back, even if you haven't made them in 20 years.
Thanks for the LOVE!
It is so good to see you back on here. I was worried sick and your little brother wasn't telling any of us a whole lot.<3<3
You are as useless as the "h" in yeah
President will be live on today from 12-1pm. Stay tuned to learn more about the May 20 festival. Only a week away
pretty sure tony cleve was just outside on the path......
Foster the People will be doing "Ticket to Ride" shortly.
half? Is this a baseball term?
ahha you didnt have to do that!
Don't worry your nightmares aren't going to happen, your name is already on VIP lists for your visit.
gosh darn it....i thought #RaiseYourVoice was trending because the movie with hilary duff was on.........................
Details, details. Lets not get caught up in little things like "words".
Brains over beauty.
I love my family they are a great support team <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
lol if you really want.
I'm glad so many people on Twitter can make good money from home!
Good morning!!
Oh well. Good game.
you too, its double for u this year. :)
#NoManShouldEver say he's too manly for a chick flick
That's 7 kids in almost 7 months!! Imagine what we could do with some serious financing!!
Today I went to a McDonalds around times square, there was no dollar menu. MLINY
Miss u all already! RT : Sad to think I won't be interning at anymore, but thank you for the amazing experience!
crazy amount of stuff to do tonight! #workout #paintnails #runerrands. this is when i miss my college schedule.
At least someone is making an adjustment, come on Badgers. You awake Bret?
Thankx for the follow back beautiful... I appreciate it chica!!
Can't wait until I'm 50. Then I'll be able to date women in my age group.
Did you know that Captain D's sell a large bag of ice for 1 dollar??....... we bet the ice is deep fried....
to all of our new followers, we love you #foreverandafter ;) help spread the word about us on here and be sure to Like us on FB! <3
Y people r rushing to be in love?? :T
come get some fresh vegan donuts from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery !!!
it's like starring in your own car commercial.
What I learned yesterday...Lionel Richie is from Alabama. Now to figure out how to get him on a #library #billboard. hm....
It's a great turn out for our Meet & Greet tonight. Thanks to Milliman for hosting
RT : “ I'd quickly give my freedom to be held in your captivity.”India arie!" yes girl yes*
dehydrated & drinking again in 3 hours
I can't get my new tv to show pictures. Oh well, back to watching tv on my computer.
With Fisher shooting the way he is for the #Thunder and his infamous past with the #Lakers, Im considering this 4v6 in the floor.
*FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER*
I figured that one out :) let's be looking for another time.
I just want it all
great meeting with the great Ed McMasters today Looking forward to spreading word re:channel 411 together!
Wanna enter the style spotlight? Email us a photo of your most fashionable outfit to get featured on our website!
Good morning. Make today count. Let's go!!!
I wanna be gazed
Cheesecake Factory!! #whattoorder ?!
Excited to begin a little stint at starting Monday! Hello Northern VA, hope you've missed me!
buying groceries at CVS
So you talk to me couple days then ignore me then talk couple days then ignore me...
I've been quite alright, just really busy...how's everything down under?
Proud of for using proper grammar in all his tweets tonight :)
In Gainesville for the ADBC HUB meeting
July is over and still a lot of Low/Mid level D1 caliber 2012s from Wis still available...probably the state's deepest class in a long time!
Oh you work at the UFO?
Random Voices takes the stage to perform a song from Maroon Five.
Luke, I am your duck.
No will have to though ! Love pull up and push ups . Do them every workout !
RT : Hot Damn We Have Hopslam! Come grab a pint and chill out with the best Tuesday Jazz Jam in Columbus tonight, no cover
Is it sad that my dog is the only guy in my life?
Went to breakfast together, then the beach, where we had lunch and relaxed. haha then I was given a tour at a zoo nearby (:
Develop international scorecard to look at parl behavior and reforms
no doing the ladies fitness half in NYC!
Whitney you will b miss, RIP.. another talent. Singer we all have lost, Michael Jackson, Amy Winehouse, Etta James. I can keep going on. Etc
Its your fault !
Hi, I'm Bruce Hill, and I will be your comedian for the evening.
Friday and #philzcoffee!
email me at .gov Thank you
my condolences, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
Let's be a leader with sustainibility in the building code, not a laggard - Mayor Stanton
#WeWontWorkIf I never get to see you. The fuck?
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to following your tweets!
curious if you ever swing by Cincy to visit with Coach Cronin? If so would love to see if we could chat?
Considering mobile outreach? It takes 90 minutes for the avg person to reply to email. It takes 90 seconds to reply to a text message.
I thing wendyt isn't coming back on until august or september. I wonder if she will answer to the kind of questions she ask?
So angry at my snooze button...woke up a few minutes too late for my AM #bikramyoga :(
I went from hundreds to thousands
Is there a guy from Beaverton on there?
well, my brand new roof just survived its first hail storm. pea-sized hail here!
I'm glad you enjoyed it :) RT : Enjoying some GREAT #passover cakes courtesy of in the office this morning!
Too quiet around here. Missing my evil twin.
Mention "twitter Teeth Cleaning Special" at www.Dentistryofdelmar.com $49 for full x rays & cleaning! Call today (858) 793-7107
I want my other twitter!! This one sucks! I cant even see anything really! Uggh :( somebodyy tweet me! :) make my day! Lol
no problem :)
I dont see Phi rattling off three in a row. i wouldn't be too worried
Sometimes knowing things is harder then not knowing them. However, to find out something is almost worse. So I'll take knowing any day
Hello Dear! Thanks for the follow.. nice to meet you! :)
Thanks a bunch for the RT!
Sadly, no.
Who decided "fuck" was a bad word?
This child made up stories about holiday to hide the fact they were non-existent.
yhey r graffiti 6 - group from London... So add accent to that and BAMM! I'm done. Saw them last night - chills all over ...!!!
Making a new attempt at keeping up with this social media stuff
yes, parris. Its not gay if its your own. unless you imagine its someone's other than yours
23 days till my birthday! #cant wait
Flickr allows you to share really large size pics though.
yep you should deffinately come in tomorrow :)
its the band name abbreviation haha
Thanks. Sorry for my slow response. Lens replacement last week. One to go.
Twitter is like texting in public
My dear 94-year-old grandmother, whose house we have been living in for 8 months, passed away yesterday at 3 p.m. We will miss you, GG.
well hey there gorgeous!
Happy Thanksgiving! Enjoy!
aw, haha I hate the time differences because they always do stuff while I'm asleep/in school
I believe I have misspelled Pharaoh incorrectly at least 10 times today. A before o, a before o.
That seems like an inefficient way to retweet. Worried about a delete?
That drives me up the wall.
Indeed. “: "To live a life you have never had before, you must become someone you have never been before" -BH
thoughts on our initial logo???
Will Be Going Through Withdrawls w/o Me. I Feel It.
Thank god for getting in my car yesterday.
been a while since I read the books but I'm sure it's as punishment for rebelling or something!
Girl are ready to Glow in the Dark
i miss my
Setai rate avail till end of March, loads of great deals in NYC at the moment let us know your dates
Secretary-General: "Nonetheless, big challenges remain..."
waitaminute. medieval history degree + need web projects for portfolio = mucho ideas.
New plan less than half cost of original plan. Nerad, "It's more feasible and mindful of resources."
I hope my girlfriend gets better, and not be sick! And hopefully can go to the movies with me tomorrow c: see you tomorrow! <3
happiness often sneaks into a door that you did not think was open.
thanks! I've always had a love for the big city. Opportunity presented itself so we're going for it!
Roll Da Kush Up! ..Lets Start A
One of the only ones I knew!
Jamie asks if you can email me that pic?
Im selling my soaps @ ladies night TONIGHT 6:30-9pm, at Game Pazzo 2011 W. 63rd St. Downers Grove. Free admission 20+ vendors & $5 martinis!
Wonder who these employees will be if they won't be union employees.
Well, I wouldn't say a little crush!! It's more like a HUGE crush!! ;)
And they didnt pick him either howie wants up with that ????? He sang really good :(
I bet you wish there was a rewind button, don't you?
Were you at the mv lax game tonight?
I just want to sing. And cry. And laugh. And fall in love. Not the kind of love I've had..the kind that's real.
My mom has me stop at work just to get her some Dunkin donuts
illegal immigrants who qualify for the DREAM Act would still have to wait 2 years before being eligible for residency
Tao Lin (): As if detecting a red dot on a white screen during an ophthalmologist's exam.
Only me and can have a conversation in text and on twitter at the same time. Everyone else is restricted to pick one.
well you've been missing out
late night trumps late night movies any day
Do it! Aha. Because you won't win. =P :)
The refs are Finally giving the Bulls some calls smh
I seen it too and Im scared straight. He said to the camera man 'if I wanted your booty, I can have it.
Chicago bound and loven it!! :) #partytime!!
Going parting with my girls and <3
I'll just come home now. That would be easier.
You certainly tell you raised 5 kids!
nuu. I'm sorry your tummy hurts. I hate that! Mine hurt this morning.
miss you.
Just ate a banana dipped into cacao nibs. I love it! It likes a raw version of a chocolate covered banana!
I've been wanting to do this for a while.
IF we get a REAL Repub in the WH & get Cong & the Senate then there is hope for freedom to continue. Romney = RINO.
Join OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani 4/9 6:30 pm @ Central Library auditorium 820 E Street for An Evening of Persian Poetry and Literature!
it's still been "warm" for this time of year, so that's always good! ;)
Mr. #ThinWalls obvi had a bitchin' Cinco de Mayo because he's currently singing I'm sexy and I know it at the top of his lungs.
Im going to kill you both
How are your Resolutions coming along?
You're a lucky man! RT: It's hard to believe, in 1 week I'll be getting married.
Are you coming tonight?
United airlines doesn't wanna hear it!!
i wish i could go to your concert in LA ):
But someone should come over ? (:
We (I) appreciate all the support you gave us at this year's swap. W/O support like yours, we couldn't provide our services.
Chone Figgins? Me too! “: Every day, for 88 straight days, the same person has made me smile and laugh. It's a nice feeling.”
thanks man
Stick figures are grossly underused in PowerPoint presentations.
Although, honestly Dave, I would have pegged you for more of an NSYNC fan...
HAVE FUN:D & noo, i wishh):
I am finished with the magazine now.
An even # that has a 4 and a 0 in it ...
them house of blues tickets are going fast. get yours from me! (pee)
We'll have the day in court for a former supervisor at the San Diego Center for Children accused of molesting a teen at the Center.
Yo, Dog what ever happened to "Mic Geronimo" and the "Cash Money" Click .. B4 the Cash Money that the Squares KNow <--- My Bad
When will scout release the 2015 rankings?
so why is it that when I wake early on a Sunday morning the first thing on my mind is Golden Coral :/
Roasted flavor without the wait - Gloucester Daily Times
"when you go to a Benjamin Britten opera, you know what you're getting. Peter Grimes all over again." & that's why I hate Met audiences.
What do lawyers do after they die?They lie still.
How long do you normally work out for?
: The Online #Poker Act: US jobs, money for #deficit, & consumer protections! Pls hold hearing on HR 2366.
Come a little closer baby.
PRIDE & SHAME keeps you away from the #HOUSE & separates you from having a relationship with the Father! -
I know ima make it...give a fuck about yo thoughts
lol im not sleepy anymore bc I like when we talk (:
I'm tired of everyone.
I don't trust easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don't make me regret it.
#plpnetwork Sharing work with colleagues, across the hall or around the world, is an essential part of professional growth.
There is nothing better than spending time with old friends. Love my girls!
Bout to watch the OHIO STATE game
OMG Yes
Love Love LOVED your comic Touch Hater's Club -- Good stuff!!!
....and made both my kids very sick, then we got away from that but had a bad dust issue at our next rental....
I'm already following u
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
Don’t be so busy with your plan that you ignore God if He tries to change it.
Sad news for stray #cats and
Okay. That makes me feel better. Have often thought the same, but never acted on it. Perhaps you'll inspire me.
always a fun time. (:
Its nice to meet you.
I'm always "supposed to be sleeping"
Check us out follow us and we follow u@ getbigwithjboss.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 8
You Fuckers Better Tip!
LSU's Book Bazaar begins today! That's cool, I didn't really need food money for March anyway.
"Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active." - Leonardo da Vinci
Happy Valentines Day :-)
- who's the safer bet to get 20pts? Stafford against Oakland or Cam against a tough Texans D?
I be ducked off
U fuckin bitch
I'm a bit late to the Android party, but, I finally made it! Thank you , et al., for making these amazing devices possible
lmao shut up! Good thing you're not showing the pic of your yaya yesterday..
Mayor (regarding sending 500 more buses through PSq): there are the needs of the 'hood and there are the needs of ppl who go thru the 'hood
Floyd Mayweather not only won his fight against Miguel Cotto on Saturday (May 5), he did it with a star-studded support
note to self! Too skinny is ugly! Sorry
Shoutout To My New Followers -
that was def the funniest moment of my day hands down.
i cant wait to sit on his lap and get my picture taken with him! #yayy !
Sam broke the lightbulb from shoveing it up my butt
Showed "Do the Right Thing" 2day in class, holds up well
I discovered paw prints in my chamomile, so I reluctantly harvested my catnip.I'm making aprons from vintage hankies. It's pretty snazzy..
CORRECT REACTION: RT : It pains me to hear another member of the Trojan Family has been harmed.
It was a great BGT Season. Out of all the one's i've watched from the USA.
You're unique, just like everyone else.
liquor store in trunk of old Camaro bumping PAC
checking it out now; looks very interesting!
haha no problem..Will do :)
Old fashioned
OH recently: "Those aren't silos, they're corridors of excellence!"
You're welcome, Melissa!
At home re-watching the game against Vandy with the family.
If came to Denver for Summer Jam, i would be in there like swim wear <3
Great #pcbw night tonight! Featured TRASH homebrewers and delicious creations from ,
i think alternation is keeping myself moderate, able to run for the long term. who wants to be temporary anyway?
headed back to Billie in a few hittin' bottoms up
Oh yeah. Before going to bed, just want to share that I'm very #happyincle !!!
The Brewers lose a heartbreaker, 13-1. Post game is brought to you by... ... I can't find it, the hell with it.
I'm really hoping all this video render will be less painful when a new MacBook Pro Head::Desk
you know you are a hooker. May be next to your star at NJ Rep
Oh, Game of Thrones...why do you have to keep me up until the late hours of the night?
5TH PIC - #2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS - EVERYTHING IS BIG IN TEXAS & IT'LL BE BIG NEWS WHEN HOUSTON TEXANS GET WIN #10...PLAYOFF BOUND!
class -_____- SOME ONE SAVE ME!!
Talk is cheap. A leader is one who doesn't criticize, but instead try's to be a part of the solution.
So freaking cold out and I'm getting some
Is there any video from the ABC 7 appearance? Nothing on their site. (flash mob)
Three best words in the English language: pajamas, coffee, toast.
...I wanna maybe meet for lunch on Monday!?
want to win a free photo session for your kids? Check out hashtag #FunFreshFree :)
that's cheap!
on my way back from SD, bought 4 random cds at random record shop. big winner was Lambchop "Mr. M". late night long drive record FTW.
thanks alot! same to you!
Day 12 on the platform and I awake to the news that a tsunami is headed towards me. 8 mi off the coast of Santa Barbara by Point Conception
where are u an I'm 10th row behind the plate looking for u guys
!HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
waiting for she's taking her sweet time ... It's ok I wa late too #redbullvodka :)
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Hey its hacking breezy's twitter!!! Follow me :-)
yea i got u
Hello. everyday is a #piano day.
“: Omg we are picked up for season 4!!! #Parenthood #forever #neverstop”
cool. I know they are hiring for stuff out of state. Not sure if I can use him as a ref.
Follow me please. I love you!! <21 Im going to send you a poster I drew! (:
unemployed and HATING IT!
"Why does the tea smell like beef?"-haha, at the Korean noodle house we went to beef broth was served in teapots and teacups, as a beverage
Ladies send me a late night pic I wanna see lol.
I am on #TeamConan. I would hate to see him go, but will watch him wherever he ends up.
hey Naina thanks for following! :)
Going to Beauty School to get signed up for class.
whoa is this a #asha12 sighting ?
Whilrlyball? While I was home alone & nearly choked on Brussel sprout. Need to teach cletedog Heimlich. Or how to order pizza.
omg is it Fiffany?!
best weight lifting exercises to do?
Ouuu!That's ma Bero'o! How are you brotha?
needs to get the hell up and bless my TL wit her presence...... She know I'm impatient
Certainly! Send us your contact info
2WD in the snow is quite eventful
"Everybody hears, but few listen." - #BobKnight or #HanSolo ?
Is on crack because he thinks that was a good show... its time for an intervention of LINDSAY LOHAN PROPORTION!
he is but don't jinx him!
Oh. Your fast though you should've done the 50 yd dash.
The OEP online store will be down temporarily while we convert to a new system. We appreciate your patience. Call 1.800.424.8070 for orders
ok ok amigo, ya te sigo de vuelta :D
No longer accepting halftime scores for the deucebrand giveaway...thanks for your entries!
thank you for saying that! So many people forget that and only say that on fathers day (moms that are dads lol).
#twitterverse needs you!
we can go on ghost tours!
got my first st. pattys day drunk/tipsy ;-) dial....lifes good.
shut yo bitter ass up !
RT : As u grow older u discover that u have 2 hands: 1 for helping yourself, the other 4 helping others -Hepburn
Not only was I a geek, I was the queen of the geeks...embrace being weird. It's your superpower.
Out to breakfast at the Vanilla Bean with my favorite cousin and my little munchkin :-)
Getting ready for some tonight! It's going to be #delicious!
We love our #retailers. Want to carry all or some #EnduraPet products? We would be delighted:
VisualWebsiteOptimizer = my new "crack" Kills Google's WSO. Install just 1 Code!
Had to call my brother to tell him The Wood is on :))
Any chance the team could get access to the web font beta? :D
watch that young O.G. Mudbone
i dnt know u
thank you!
shut up.
": Gotta be honest, I am very impressed with both #Pens and the #Preds PR staffs. Extremely media-friendly teams"
no idea what you meant, we just played with our base set.
s/o to my new follower
It is customary and kind to tip your artist for work well done!
first kiss
Bucking the local party nominee, eh Ron? Oh, you (well-paid) rebel! cc:
don't forget the post-apocalyptic gem Waterworld
Quote from Google's stmt on dropping H.264 supt, "all publishers & developers using the <video> tag will be forced to supt multiple formats”
APUSH is the one time of the day that I need to use my phone for distraction.
Someone is stealing my cheese sticks from the refrigerator at work.
Cried my eyes out. Omg.
Yearning for movie star locks? Stop by Beauty this month for a $10 blow out. Volume, body and shape, oh my!
Ms. Sierralta addresses the Board on the excellent skills and benefits that are gained through learning languages early on.
Also, how the hell do you use that many time-management apps at work?
We will need to get rid of Beasley at some point. Hopefully, D Will can fill that hole (down road...).
hm. if you turn straight will you marry me? haha
Oh. I'm not really sure what that means. But ok. q:
Do me a favor and share my band's link on your Facebook wall!
Fabulous food and drinks with and Miami ! Lovely beginning for the weekend!
I'm just amazed that for once I have a solid product rec. when someone asks something obscure! ha!
Empty net...under a minute! Hold on
we'll see about that lil girl
"Someone tried to poison her!" "During...TECH?" "No. During the late local news."
Okay, future boyfriend, You can stop playing hide and seek now.
Please stay.
-_- whale, she got his number but she's going to tell me stuff at school...I guess there kinda talking now.. Nuffin bout me? :(
what's the song you've been listening to the most this week?
youtube/ state authentics
": I can't stand teachers, substitutes, student teachers, principals, assistant principals. Lmfaooo"
Yum! #nowiwantlunchtoo RT : I just had lasagna supreme n my boyfriend had Italian beef
Musically it doesn't make any sense. As if two songs accidentally crashed into each other and couldn't remember which part belonged to who.
“: If we're giving tests that Siri can pass, we're not asking the right questions."
We need a glade plugin or a bath and body works lotion that smells samurai gazebo...ridiculously delicious
Suite Scarlett and Scarlett Fever by Maureen Johnson (2), and The Boyfriend List and its sequels by E. Lockhart (3).
Looking at the girl with dragon tattoo.
: Blogs, soc media, lms, mobility are the "ambient noise" of learning, a part of all classes to some extent.
Contact for a free estimate!
We don't begin to know what freedom is until we come to a place in our lives where we have no need to impress anybody. -Joyce
An experiment in Facebook ads is today as much as an experiment in social media theater.
But in the midst of my ailment I am beyond thankful for the most incredible woman I know, Kristi Hinson! I love you!
What movies are you dying to see? -PT
#youknowyouafreak when you get it On backtage before going on stage
need your help actually!
With 90% reporting, 1,150,437 votes have been counted in the #wirecall primaries for governor. That's a 34% increase over 2010 primary.
Thank you, Shawty! :]
GOODMORNING AND HAPPY MOTHERS DAY OK BYE
just got home from work and plans on watching Friends all night,
You must realize that honorary degrees are given generally to people whose SAT scores were too low to get them into schools the regular way
30% of health care spending is for services that may not improve people's
OVER 3 MONTHS NOW :-) & LOVING IT! RT Wait, I blink my eyes and is reporting news in Jacksonville, NC?
#crazywhiteboysays "you read books!" turns to someone else, "hes reading pornographic novels"
Get a FREE membership when you enter "fit" in the promo code field while completing the sign up process. YES FREE for a yr www.thegympro.com
Follow me? ??
getting ready to release LA Trash Apparel! I'm busting my butt on this project!
's Founder and CEO Mitchell Reichgut speaking this evening : Deconstructing the Myth of Viral Video
Cuz I'm cool like that
Lmfao did just blow his nose with the linen Hahaha
- We were ok with le360, but Bill wanted a new name. Look forward to seeing you in Chicago next week.
Joe; scarborough, makes no argument in todays culture. Back hill Penns & blue collar folk still use contraception,& abortion serv.
RT : Hope Solo what a great looking goalie.. OHH and a great player as well.. lol
M not so bad.
yes it is though!
So a bunch a teenagers can't identify with Rue in #HungerGames- b/c she's Black. And how could Rue remind Katniss of her (not Black) sister?
Hahah! Bummed I missed it, I wanted to go - but WITH my beer-loving husband. :)
good and you
Huge goal in a huge spot by a huge talent
up doing light work.
lol where at?
tonight in Boise.
no worries. I'm here until Saturday.
Where's ZA ZA! tonight? She'll save me! HA! =D
Your Curly Hair<33
Emaley w/ Cheryl Feilding From #UTPA - Having a great time @ ABAI Stop by our booth & say hello!
awww yeah ohio river valley chasing
But why would we need the beer, if inhibitions would be outlawed? LOL
thanks for tweeting out our article!
Only 10 days left until and ’s #IntheArtoftheCity event at the gorgeous
IM NOT GANA STOP CALLING UNTIL THEY PASS ME ...!!!!
Go Longhorns!
thanks 4 the follow! if you need sharpening or a some new scissors call text or tweet! the new webstore will b up soon! peace! :)
Why does have a criminal defense fund?
Back in KC
Who are you excited to see at #warpedtour Vans Warped Tour 2012?!?
Good luck!
4 more day for My birthday
NU Gallery 360 hrs: 10am-7pm Mon-Sat. Check out new exhibit featuring photos from 5 different regions of the world!
don't they sell shirts with fake stains on them? I think Linda can make some $$ if she sells her shirts with real coffee stains
Was just rocking so hard to a Bon Jovi song in the car that my earring flew off and is now lost. I don't get how I am allowed to be an adult
Caught the last 30 min of Junot & he was great!
Ladies now booking valentine shoot special : )
: Hey Lu! Thanks for the "hey you"...how are you?
Ribbon in the Sky... Hands down.
q1) TOO many miscommunications to count
good how are you? how were ur holidays?
Reminder next Sat meet David and Stephanie at Health Expo Tamarac Florida Community Ctr 8601 W Commercial Blvd & learn 8 Steps Aging Younger
MJNA morning panic setting in!
and didn't tell you which song. Generals! Definitely.
haha oh gosh. You should take the group to the hood then speed off.
FREE Social Network - Create a profile, write blogs, start discussions, join a group, or upload photos and videos in our social network.
tell me about it!
I hope #2012 is a good year, starting off with exams :/ hope I do good, I don't wanna fail, never have, hoping never will.
long day in the studio. Next time!
Love it! Thanks for letting me know!
its a Great Day today!!! no reason to complain, if u do...u angry at somethn bout ya self. lmao
Make us proud!
My birt6hday party last night was amazing!!!! I have great friends!!!! xoxo
at least have a fill-in sidekick who knows about sports pre 2000.
how long you be at hyp hyp?
Tropicana gutts and my trunk on slam!
Saturday Nite rock w/ Highway 4 and Boston's Sun In Flight. Tix $10 now/$12 at door. 21+ 10pm. Come
good. you?
there's a big difference between an actual "win" and a I forgot to play and for some reason didn't get a reminder "forfeit."
Welcome aboard, !
have a great evening everyone!
So sad you didn't play always and forever!!!!!!!!
Today was tiring. Will take a nap and will watch movies later. Be safe people!
i know gurl, it's just not right!
Field goals gives OSU lead back, then Barner gives the Ducks another great kickoff return.
Of course we love packing, especially with our fantastic Liquis luggage by ! Perfect for us and our adventures.
let's talk getarz !!
were you the one wearing that beautiful red dress last night? wanted to say hello but didn't get a chance!
i saw that your gona have to go a third time when i get there ;)
#FF #FollowFriday RT : Does making twitter jokes qualify me as a member of the press? I say yes.
Hey Lisa! Do you know how we know if we are part of the meet and greet for the NYC concert? Xoxo
#gds = biodiversity how did it happen that K/1 boys will not eat pink cupcakes ? #gender and
you did good in high school musical 2
Most of the time it really ain't what a person think......
2 20+ min calls #Netflix support (cool 2B talkg w/guy I understand) our queue issue is resolved w/Bizarre workaround: logout/in 4 each. WTF
The scarves are delivered, in KC and are just awaiting my grubby hands on the box to distribute.
Which type of training do you prefer? or #Crossfit?
Fuhh reals! I'm sure we can still do it, we just haven't had practice recently, because you're too busy being an adult.
I'm willing to bet John signed/agreed to it, he's sometimes TO NICE.
Merry Christmas!!! Hope you all have a good day :)
RAIDERS! RAIDERS! RAIDERS!
Ugh I hate the doctors.
Obama on some funny shit he aint solid.Marriage between a man & woman fuck that other shit
Who might be interested in kickball stuff that I should be following? Dont make me wait for
Today I'm busier than a one-legged Riverdancer.
oh Lol I got 2 this year and they were from guys!!!!!.I was like wtf?!
I'll be on tonight around 6 p.m. talking about how public asset sales could get big in 2012. Listen up!
Very cool to hear! Thanks for sharing, and welcome to the team.
Memphis blew that game
I'd tell him to go screw himself lol.
are you a pisces?
That's my Bitch...
i'm working on some Personalized URL campaigns for customers. anyone have any research showing increase in response to PURLS vs. a control?
JAVA DEVELOPERS Needed!!! 7 openings in Delaware, mid-level and senior positions, salary ranges between 85-130K 3 openings in Boston, mid-…
Do you have any idea who hacked you?? <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Have fun on vacation. Too bad it won't be as fun as visiting us will be, but hopefully it is close! ;)
Maybe my cat will?
downtown :):) i hate shopping, but happened to run into all these sample sales and it was actually a cool little thing! xo
If you're in the Queens Brooklyn area (NY) come see We Are Defiance tonight Vibe Lounge!!!! :60 North Park Avenue Rockville Centre, NY
thanks Britt, Happy Mothers Day to u as well
You could be conscious and be part of the problem
All day err' day !
RT : Loaf's in need of Loaf today
oh that's perfect! Thanks!
HoLLY Much ! Stop It, never cute take that to unverisal studios ..
you look so pretty with your amazingly beautiful hair, it makes me want to grow up and be you.
don't worry nothing happened while you were gone! :(
Good morning!!
Be sure to watch me on Channel 14 on This Week in Sports with Callahan coming soon. Taped today. You will enjoy subjects. ha
New day, fresh start. Successfully banished a destructive and sick person from my life. Feels good to get that dirt off my shoulder. Whew!
Always playing WMYB on the radio.......Every time I step in the car, there they are!
I could fuck a usb port and sext her a picture of it. that would be a good relationship thing? convey that "I am trying my best over here"
Please share your tailgating photos with us!
Bobby Turnage, formerly General Counsel of Network Solutions, joined Venable's Washington, D.C. office to work on cybersecurity matters.
Spectacular performance by Madonna and company! BTW did you see the entrance? That's how Catherine Garcia gets to work everyday:)
Sleeping town, night mail / Chug, chug, a bend in the tracks / Tiny dog, big world #haiku in honor of rail mail & Poetry Month
"I have failed you Anakin. I have failed you." From possible the best 9 minutes of motion picture ever created.
Heyy!!! I love you all soo much <33 anyway what's up!!
So anyways, this kid called corporate on my boss and apparently it's going under investigation. if i'm involved...fuck.
does Dj have your number?
Thanking for bringing new energy to Ebony magazine.
#confession I have no idea what putang is.
thanks! Big step!
Now there's the way to wake up: news helicopters right overhead & the garbage truck arrives at same time.
Now for Hacking Your Users’ Brains w/ Aviva Rosenstein (), UX Lead @ Salesforce.com
Medieval Times Show was
Music is the universal language of mankind. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Callus : My mum was in a car accident a few days ago and she's still in so much pain and also the guy gave false insurance
Were they still breathing? RT The cool thing about #breakingbad is there can be no dialogue for 10 minutes and you don't notice
Me too, and looking forward to it and DH both.
2 classes with , 3 times a week??? Life just got immensely better.
When I see girls pictures of them drinking every single day all I think of is wrinkles wrinkles wrinkles.
Breet us your best bree jokes!
On a roll: seven straight hours of writing today. Getting close to completing another chapter in the WIP.
Nearly $1 trillion, roughly half , of CA’s economic output is not taxed. CA is dominated by services and info activities that aren't taxed.
for real!
Win V.I.P. access to Drake concert! Listen for all the details on Kiss 97.3! Goodluck
TEACHERS this is a good chance to get your students Tweeting! Assign it as a class assignment for the students to respond.
I need to download Instagram.
that would probably mean I should exercise or something. Hmm, maybe in another life. :)
I'm tha Diamond in tha Ruff that ain't been found
idk where you at bruh but u better find me cuz we got problems
m. Heart me some wiffleball.
>:P Ugh...my tummy is being mean today! Lol
big balls small brains
Cackling kicks off #tcamp12 day 2: visionary mastermind literally JUMPING to create innovative data ecosystems for better society
New York Post reporting that Knicks head coach Mike D'Antoni resigned. is it April 1? No, then it might be true.
You rock! Thanks for the shout out! Bring with you next time!
I hate wemocco!
Help us keep our trees green. Water a street tree today!
Peter McGraw and Joel Warner: Deconstructing Romney's 'Bullygate': The Science of Pranks: How can you tell when a prank has gone too ...
RT : Absolutely! African Americans' interest in Cuba begun right after Blake's publication in 1859-62!
I wanna say Happy Birthday to the amazing singer <3:)
"Turning Waste into Wow" This is good...but I prefer TRASH CAN!
My summer has ended after tonight. Summer classes start tomorrow.
Just laughing at guys Grindr accounts with lol
on a better note, happy opening day!
It's the Curse of the Chalupa!
omg its cause she put Numming stuff so she didnt feel it , we're gunna do that -.- we should get it at the same time xD
#Cats step with both left legs, then both right when they walk or run. The only other animals to do this naturally are #giraffes &
Love you though. I went on a real paranormal investigation and it was awesome. what we captured was amazing.
Everyone stay safe out there!
Family Guy is so good tonight
LMAO, ok well Happy Birthday anyway my friend :)
I believe in a 6th round draft pick. #Brady >
Gatlinburg is the new Jersey Shore
Your going to win duhh!!(: you got this all in the bag<33 #followme ??
Am back...finally!
*while having girlfriend talk* Grandpa: he can have a girlfriend he old enough to let his life go down the drain Lmfao #dead <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
All the good shows, their Finale are this week & next week =( wa. I hope Revenge isn't on it's finale =O I'd go Crazy.
Happy Thursday to everyone!!! What exciting plans do you have this weekend?
to post the pics up. I know you got a couple of the pics up.
Out with the old and in with the new (knee, that is) . . . off to surgery this morning
Listening to Jackson Parten throw down and getting ready to follow at 10. Tim Phillips to follow my set.
Same purpose as the buttons at stoplights, gives us the illusion that we are doing something
Finding a guy that doesn't break your heart,is there an app for that?
#ThingsILookFor if anybody is tweeting abput
Sometimes I wonder.
one cuties orange- my lunch!
Your reaction to someone in trouble determines "God's" reaction towards you. TRAYVON MARTIN NO JUSTICE NO PEACE
cuz it was obvious they saw them illegal hits.U may want to listen to sportsradio in MKE sometime..could help with ur show
Clean-shaven and hating life. Thanks to my manly geneticss though i'll have my 5 oclock shadow back in no time
looks great!
aweh!!!! ur grandma looks really young!!! dats a cute pic!!! HAPPY B-DAY grandma of Vinny
Just did a photo shoot in front of 3 different pieces in pittsburgh..so dope..been a fan for years
Thanks for the update, I will have to take a peek and see what all the buzz is about
this is my first time to new orleans n bourbon st...all i gotta say is louisville fans fit the mold..... skanky, dirty, sleazy etc
thank you :D
My Nose Is On Its Raqq
Blown away by my wife's new iPod Nano. First of the 6G ones I've played with. Never seen an interface that awesome on a screen that small.
i know amazing catch
Wow it's Tiny Tower with vampires and zombies!!
sorry…the correct answer was 330am - hope you made it. :)
Getting really close to announcing the details of our New Years Eve race!!! Who's excited for some MTB, and a brand new year?
Ayyee "Hot and dangerous, if your one of us, then roll with us." ;)
Another observation of stupidity. A parking lot of a shopping center had some pavement dug up and trees and bushes planted, hard to see past
Friends with benefits??
Did you know the EKU SBDC provides services to both existing and start-ups? Contact us if you need an appointment!
Hey love! Are you volunteering next weekend for the No H8 Campaign? They are back in NY! I am:)
I miss it at Lebombo. It was the best safari experience imaginable! Tell Brian, Exon, and Lucky hello from Teri
Wittenberg: Authenticated websites critical in legal proceedings
will you be in NYC this week? I am going as a photog with my new Canon SLR D series! XOXO
human post it: if I really don't want to forget something I tend to write it on my hand
--ORIGINAL MSG: Direct from : Will you be out this wed 2/22 yes...Main street parking...See u there To reply, type 'm ...
RT : In 1782:Deborah Sampson dismissed from Continental Army when her disguise (as Robert Shurtleff) was discovered.
Communication in Workplace, Leading a Team, Problem Solving via Productive Thinking: ML courses OSU AD should have taken. Bowl ban=sadness.
Is there an iPhone remote that controls Logic?
"When we lose the right to be different, we lose the right to be free." - Charles Evans Hughes
PickUpLine: You bring a whole new meaning to the word, "edible."
I emailed it in to you yesterday
It's going to be even nicer today so I'll leave work early and go to the unofficial naked beach.
Thanks for the mention!
you have made me mad jely >_> just so you know.
J. W. Schopf~ For four-fifths of our history our planet was populated by pond scum.
damn miss my wifey
HEY EVERYONE!! CAN I GET 1 PERSON TO FOLLOW ??? PLEASE!! (: I'll GUVE YOU A SHOUTOUT A FOLLOWER IF YOU DO(:
Sorry there hasn't been a new cheese blog this week, I've been fighting off something and all my free time has been spent passed out in bed.
Welcome to DC! You should stop by for lunch. We'd love to meet you! ;-)
This weekend is gorgeous! In the Faneuil Hall area? Stop in and see us!
Huntsman objects to Paul ad featuring adopted kids - The Associated Press
Cool, have fun! Going to UC for Bulls game tonight!!
I would like a Ryan Dempster bobblehead, but I can't go to today's game. Anyone want to get me one?
Hope to see you at one!
right on ;)
some people cannot accept he is for real. The more Tebow is underestimated, the more he thrives!
Good morning! Tonight I'm at Laugh Lounge 8:30
had his mind made up from day 1! Like I did when I dunked all over you at Dougie Fresh's place. Assist to
RT : An the winner of our bottle/ day bed tomorrow is...... Congrats! *Congrats Aaron! Have fun! :)
When Becky makes Dirty Bananas before 5 >>>
need something to do this weekend , wats poping tweet freaks????????
I love competition
I've got a new mobile #... +1.213.422.1879. Old mobile will be shut down in a day or so.
Looking to see some more life from the #Browns today on both sides of the ball. The match-up favors them, so just have to execute
is she going to eat me?
RT : PRIMARY BLOWOUT: Sen Richard Lugar (R-IN) is trailing in every single county reporting right now from Indiana
That's brutal! Hey why won't you deliver to my friend?
And you are the only one i have cried for <3
Plain and simple...what a terrific example Thank you
#dhdebates #fordhamdh I find myself thinking about what "humanities" means in this DH conversation. Do I want to identify as a "humanist?"
I miss my old life, but I wouldn't change anything that I have going on right now
Chris Davis just struck out Adrian Gonzalez. WTF.
you are the reason I am married.
haha well if you ever go its so much fun!!(: And it's so beautiful!!
You'll be in AZ 6/28 but I'm planning on going to the California dates too to follow you guys all the way til AZ. Sound good?
Texas tatted on my arm, got Houston on my back
Was out on the town but fighting the urge to rip off my clothes and dance naked under the moon was too much.
Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due.~ Eldridge Cleaver
you guys wanna play baseball? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Ready or not here I come u cant hide!
RT : Great natural cooking products for the Holidays! Natural organic foods at the right price.
relearning an arrangement of a new song to track live tomorrow, going in to play mini drums with later, then recording tonight
Watching Firefly could be the best decision you'll ever make. My favorite Joss show.
"Lucy is a healthy, intelligent American girl, suffering from undigested reading..."-NOW I ASK YOU
congrats on your more than deserving #MVP award..!!
YOU look damn preettttyyy
...next time! glad you like :D
the jewish hymn adon olam has 5 verses and for (songwriting) balance you need a 6'th. easy enough to fill that in with na na nas....
ok so then my tweets should make u happy then!
Finally doing the twitter thing... check us out at www.distinctivedoorsllc.com
New Jersey- We are happy to announce that we can now be found Street Co-op in New Brunswick! RT if you shop there! #happysnacking!
You know your cousin may be a huge ass, but that won't change my opinion of you.
Marion Barber…"doubting Thomas?"
Social media class is very informative! A must if your looking to expand knowledge on social media.
Ft. myers bound.
at the BISIG at learning about student engagement, active learning, and effective uses of technology. Excellent speakers so far!
The Superior Man is modest in his speech and exceeds in his actions.....Smiles...DNicole
Average sale on a engagement rings 2,000 dayum
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I LOVE YOU!
GIRL WOO. U KNOW THATS NOT THE REASON U DNT BE GOING !!!
RT : I like OneNote a lot, esp for teaching. Microsoft Office online is also great but no BB app. I recommend One ...
hey chris!!
I'm gonna be honest. I'm struggling with your twitter profile pic.
Love when the rising sun turns all the clouds in the sky pink.
- you gonna be on at 9.30 or later? I have rehearsal til 10 but might try and swing by after....
reeeaaaally good!! raved
the highlight of my busy day was definitely the 5 minutes i spent with i missed that bitch
IDIOT TWITTER!!!! I'M ON FOLLOWING LIMIT!!!!!!!
imma come in there and punch you!
You got what's coming for you bra now that's
I could listen to paradise on repeat all day.
I'm dracula bitch!
Wow, these girls are smashed
Lil white Russian to put me to sleep.
It has been a CRAZY NFL season so far. How many of you out there are still alive in your fantasy leagues?
On the red carpet: 'Hunger Games' premiere Soon-to-be household name Jennifer Lawrence stunned in a metallic cut-out piece at the Hunger
congrats on a big step forward.
How long have you watched TV? "Breaking news" has long been used to label anything happening now. It's branding, not journalism.
is funny.
Good morning
Drunk on you <3
The Bible isn't the word of God; Jesus Christ is the Word of God. The Bible is an God-inspired narrative about the Word of God (Christ).
i just retweeted your last tweet (:
Really Cool! // RT : #EAA Pres./CEO Rod Hightower announces Young Eagles will expand to incl. adults, beginning Jan. 2012.
We are almost at 200 fans! Who will be next? Who will be the 1,000th fan??
being super lazy u
DYMO support is abysmal. I would rather toss this piece of crap DiscPainter than deal with them anymore.
In the studio with prodigy
My NBA wish list. I want the Memphis Grizzlies to have home-court advantage in the 1st round of the NBA Playoffs against the Clippers!
yes, yes it is!
Indy Civic Theatre is doing Into the Woods next year. This gives me 10 months to prepare my audition...
As you can see from the tweak to my handle, today I begin something new. Wish me luck!
I hid in the bathroom..
Change layout of the screen to keep participants engaged and change it up
I believe the famous banana will make an appearance Friday
#InTheSummer i wanna hit the beach with my babe <U+E022>
If u wanna get an early start tomorrow hit me up... Drinks on drinks on drinks
Bought a scarf. And a sweatshirt. And a hat. And some more gloves. London is cold. And awesome.
thanks....I can't stand it when all the tracks are the same color...
Good Morning!
we still need him no matter what anyone says. He is a great leader and mentor for the rookies. Plus he can set everyone up
It is a venti pumpkin spice soy latte AMEN kind of day for me! Enjoy! '- )
Thanks for following --------> I will still be following everyone who follows her.
missing my wishing I was with her so she can cuddle with me :/
Going to start explaining everything better for my non-poker playing followers. Playing a $350 buyin tourney today at Harrahs nola.
Here's hoping I don't fall asleep in the middle of teaching this morning.
Clay lemme know if u saw my video think u would appreciate it
go Hoosiers! Thanks for the update. Sweet 16!
LOL same my tweets go to my phone tweet me from now on omg i miss you to death and not much i've been deceased so yeah
Especially this close to Graduation.
thanks love. I can't wait to see you. I miss you! Tell the fam happy easter!
Go kill yourself Britt...
just burnt my hand on the oven. :p
look west, front row M8
I swear no one loves me. I text my entire contact list and no one replies. Ugh.
Can you do some more tix giveaways? That would be awesome!
bring meth they will love you
o almost 800 followers (;
you were running around too much! i was going to, but move too fast.
You got an erection wearing basketball shorts?
The concert tonight was great. Can't wait for the album to hear my faves that weren't performed tonight!
Half our mistakes in life arise from feeling when we ought to think, and thinking when we ought to feel.
I've been following #2012c19 assiduously; thanks to all who've been covering the days, I feel I've gone to Cali in my mind.
im great, and you?
nice!! Have fun and be safe traveling!! Love you cuz!!
this world needs to kno !!
But I think she also is
Pretty sad that Chris Bosh has to get injured to be appreciated.
Jesus is not glorified by our “doing” things for him. He's glorified by our resting in and receiving what he’s done for us ()
library group discussed the same-no conf. center is currently connected enough
Thats pretty awesome! especially since its one of our old school stickers..
This tweet is about Funyons.
That Mariano Rivera injury looked bad. I'm no doctor but it really didn't look good.
I have a black baby....who knew.
Just a reminder, be sure to follow us on Facebook to keep up with all the current #RTSdeals!
Daddy bought me an iPad :D so stoked right now. Thank you Daddy <3
Lots of fun! Can't wait for the next RT : Thanks for coming out! Good to see you again.
Yes! It's The Hatter!
AGREED! RT : Tupac performing at coachella is probably the dopest thing I've ever seen in my entire life & I wasn't even there
Thanks for the follow :-) RA Conferences=making new friends #vrac2011 RT :
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great day
Watching Once Upon a Time, teaching 8 yr old Bob Fosse moves (aka MJackson), making spaghetti, 10 yr old making choc chips = awesome Monday
Arguing at times feels like we want to be more sure of our point. When we are sure we don't need to push our thoughts on anyone.
me too! I saw that tweet and went awww...
You ever have a singing florist drop by your office with flowers and a song? Never a dull moment around here!
WHO BEEN ACTING FUNNY ??? that's been u Smh
Are you tracking your company's social media trends? Use Twitter & FB tracking tools to ensure you're using these outlets effectively.
Why do men want to marry virgins? They can't stand criticism.
WTF? why the hell am i anxious?
With me at 10 bells but it won't be a good idea for me to drive it home. At all.
How many products does JLo endorse? Another commercial?
that's so great to hear. where are you located - we're planning a tour soon.
im not going. to pennsylvania.
#veryimportantpeople My MOTHER. I love you
I'd give up my hoes for the right man, o_O hm..
I got a Google wave invite- but didn't get a Google+ one-
Done “ follow back please?! :)”
The weather gets me excited to kick off the many projects #Fishers has planned this year. Exciting time for this growing community.
I NEED TO SEE THIS PICTURE. For educational reasons. ;) RT : lmfao not at all but goodness gracious TT
#20ThingsAboutMe people think im awful at keeping secrets, but Im not. I know a million things about myself and other people that they dont.
If a man smiles all the time, he's probably selling something that doesn't work. -George "The Truth Hurts" Carlin
that is so true....
Only one person wants to see an EXTREMELY rare picture of Austin?!
#YUCK I just ate KFC...i feel gross now.
newspapers! why aren't they dead yet?
Hope your shoulder is ok. You played great tonight, keep your head up still a long way to go this year.
#BurritoComa RT : That burrito just made me sleepy as hell
The #jets finally made a great pick - Robert Griffin of wait, the lineman, not
FSA rocked the VISA stage:) go Nathan!
Day almost over
RT : Gonna let the beat drop in the brewery today.
Adele x lex Luger mix going hard right now. Ha
I hate when a girl tells me " I wish I could find a guy just like you".. Um...Im a guy...JUST LIKE ME!
Ps...had an amazing show tonight! Will post video tomorrow.
Sunshine, puppies, AND a Mom visit. I'm loving today!! Our door is all the way open pop in say hello and see all of our new goods <3
Save the Date everyone! Library Trivia Night hosted by ALASC and LISSA will be Thurs, Jan 26th, starting at 6pm at the Bell in Hand Tavern!
don't worry i stocked up on enough food!
Topics for today: the atomic bomb, the green revolution and the Alaskan highway. Ah! the miracles of science.
symposium: TJ River Watershed over 24k dairy cows and 300k dogs. What are water quality and health impacts?
why dont we just cut to the chase and have slick willy run again
Being broke keeps me active. Walking home; save $2.25
seeing quidam. Love the performers, but love the live musicians too!
how to reply to someone
you are kidding me!!!!!
Owning in #MW3!
he's barely as good as Bradley too.
I love your tweets
Happy New Year! May 2012 be all that you expect it to be!
Miss you all! Well, need to meet you first Stephen. And Matt, you're right there..
Yep! That is how I learned everything I know about CINAHL :)
if I have to pay $15 for my guest, I'll bring however many I want
'i miss my long hair' how about growing it then? that's what hair does
E!!! i heart the sweater vest! It's not intimidating, but it IS adorable. coming back in, too.
I joined the WiFi network via my Airport and entered new password, but am still getting "This we page is not available."
just signed on www.twtmuzik.com
I wish you'd left the Boehner in your toilet.
Looking forward to the golden nuggets
What's the difference between a motel and a hotel?
What a busy day at the clinic.
Oh gosh, me too. The spam is out of control in most places.
That. Plus, get behind the avengers and promethius.
Yes I got lucky today no passenger Yea
Dudez. Don't wait to get your sketchfest tickets! They're almost gone! Buy online @ stage773.com
Thanks you sir!
yup, that would eat it up
A good book but I'm still not sure David Starkey is the best basis for that sort of exceptional leap in historical judgment.
Hey, I watched the trailer for your book. Looks fun!
i dnt care what people have to say about me negatively, becuz i must be doing successful things in my life for them to hate. :)
painting on canvas for first time in about a year.
Today is my idgaf day...I deserve at least one every week so I'm playing that card today -_-
Drove through my first car wash today ((:
Okay well im going to bed becu i have school so ill talk to you tmrw..
RT RT : KP's #innovation team tells Aneesh Chopra that mobility sol's in health will be as revolutionary as PC
.. thx eb .. i'm excited .. gonna be learning to swing dance!! :-)
Soccer practice today (:
Instead of sweats, try working out in cute tennis skirts. Your legs will look a mile long!
Well, missing those opportunities in 1st half did us in.
thanks for the follow
follow me back
Instead of saying musician, I am gonna say melody architect from now on.
yeah that's exciting:)!!
If a pig knows karate, does that make him a pork chop?
New Lil Wayne Album is
Hospitals most likely use social media for marketing, mainly because of regulations and malpractice liabilities
No sir..I doubt it
Just because I'm here for you all the time doesn't mean you can take me for granted.
Join us tonight for 1/2 Price Sandwiches | $3 Well Cocktails | $3 Goose Island 312 Drafts. Bring your pup in for a treat too!
I'm also digging that new profile pic. Very pensive.
This is music to our ears! 50% of the teachers who responded to our survey say they are saving over 2 hours a week because of LiveSchool.
don't worry bout me
I am so happy right now! <3
“: 4 hours and we're still standing! I think my favorite out of the 20 courses was the clambake”
You're not a kind person.
Can't get into Brendan Burchard's SOLD OUT Experts Academy event in San Jose Sept 8-11? I have one ticket at a massive discount.
Well.... Might have to postpone the wedding. <U+E058>
-the elevator opens and I walk into my apartment- this is my place!
Off to Thailand & Vietnam for bachelor party . People, are you ready for us?
I know bro <U+E32B>
men are such dogs
:) RT : Listen for my radio spots. Hope that my vocal contribution brings happiness to the company & their fans!
Thank you very much!
Good! i dont know why i just hate them ! haha
“: If you don't fuck with Childish Gambino then you a #lame” I don't fuck dudes
good afternoon miss and sir, how r y'all this evening?
w00t to the new followers! @
of course!
See you soon! RT : we'll be there! enjoy :)
The entire world doesn’t revolve around donkeys and elephants. - Andy Berg. Great quote!
Lmfao its ridiculous!
Took exam that said 2 begin after reading all instructions. The last instruction said you don't need to take the test and passed psych exam
On the set if new orleans pie
ur website, blog, Facebook page, and Twitter account should all reflect a highly knowledgeable, highly professional, trustworthy- What does
Open up the content and monetize Later.
On the hill talking to the 112th Congress today. Have you made your voice heard? Call 18558773783 to
...still thinking abt something I heard last week- is it the case that whatever we're doing, whatev is normative just gets called "theory"?
I THROW MY SPANISH IN THE AIRR SOMETIMES SAYIN AYOOOOOO, no comprendo!
Dudes in high heels not cool but my dj Ross young is!
woe i havent been on here in awhile it seems like i;ve missed everything
I have to admit, I'm a die-hard Coca Cola fan too. But I'll take Pepsi's $50k if I can get it! :)
I want to know exactly how you can make a kid stay in #school until he/she #graduates or turns 18.
Country music guys: Stop wearing the cowboy hats! You look *riduculous*. Seriously.
Glad you're safe and sound. I felt good knowing you were in Nashville for a few days, though!
IDK WTH is on HBO but this show "Cathouse:come to the party" is the real deal ....
Congratulations to Gwen Johnson for receiving the MBA of the Year Award for the Milwaukee Chapter!
Next stop, Chicago. Then on to the Buckeye State!
It's the same old story, love gets gory.
where have you been? Does that boy have you chained in a closet or something?
Cool...thanks!!!
Feel like lent is here...why do you come by the Hawthorne BV and donate a $1 or more to the Muscular Dystropy Association!
I just want today and tomorrow to fly by so i can have my weekend with mike.
IG WAD LITERALLY LIME THIRTY SECONDS BUR U XNA
hmm, just wondering if you knew
That was an embarrassing topic to tweet rather than search for. Looking for news on his Ryan flipflop.
the one a few weeks ago about social media.
North county family blames sheriff's dept. for son's death Saturday at Vista jail; will pay for independent autopsy.
at least you won't be unemployed in Greenland!
it wasn't to bad getting into zionsville, but there was definitely traffic haha
You know how the old saying goes..."FIrst they came for the cider, and I said it wasn't a craft beer..."
I hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas eve, as well as an awesome Christmas day!
#cisummit most of the $gains by an average fam in last 10yrs has been eaten up by health care costs
BWW JR: NEWSIES- Still Fierce - Broadway World
it&#39;s not that bad! I like it:) however you now look as if you&#39;re a younger version of yourself:P
Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset. retweet. G.Union
Samuel! Glad to have you here on #InternPro!
CJ is starting tomorrow for the Angels not Jerome Williams, right?
If you are a native Spanish or French speaker and would be willing to translate the 27 strings in our #Android app, please let me know!
Joined the Android world! Really liking the HTC Incredible so far.
Niggas can be so full of it.
I will do anything to make my true love smile.
I love you <U+2665>
Eating at the Okra Grill with Mom...doesn't get much more southern than this :) yum!
Joshua 1:8 = Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; #meditate on it day & night...then you will be prosperous & successful.
cnt wait till 2nite. Will B on the beach.
and both won a FREE opp day app. Email me at and I will send it right over.
sounds like you need a decoder ringtone.
Working 1-7 at , come keep me company y'all.
Thanks man. It was good times indeed. Tonight will be just as epic. Looking forward to seeing you perform
this summer , want to read the Patrick Melrose novels by Edward St Aubyn.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks! RT #Volunteer friends are the best
Da person dat sleep on da right side of da bed makes da most money. Person on da left is da happiest... So true
Finally.... Back home!
Looks very enticing!
even Better if they Preempt dancing w stars
Well played today my friend. Thanks for jumping in! RT “: Always a great time with #GameOn”
I'm in a fuck you you filthy bitch kinda mood...!!!
ravioli filled with puree of cauliflower/roasted garlic/celeriac and some peas. Topped with peas, favas + morels and asparagus-pea "cream"
That seems logical, considering that's the usual number of parents to have.
That sounds so freaking awesome!!
The weed be lettin' you know... evil lurks.
Are you ok? Is the bike ok? Did the LAPD arrive and inform you you weren't hit by a car?
Thanks for the RTs and see you guys on 5/21 for the content migration meetup w/ !
Stop saying crazy things. Rondo is a very good point guard. Nowhere close to the best in basketball.
she's cool. Am I supposed to not?
Congrats to on his submission victory at #ucmma yesterday, keep flying the predator flag! Oussu!
Is it worth me asking what the score is anyone?
Definitely the 2nd one!
Oh good lord it's good to be off planes. Hello Baltimore.
Bread, olive oil, balsamic. Does it get any better?
Starting Strength is great bed reading. 50 pages just on deadlift form.
“: Excellent job Kirk! Hope you enjoyed! Positive feedback from many listeners!! :)” Thanks I had a grate time!
Yeah! The neighborhood would totally welcome sand vb with Underdog. The Inaugural Goose Hollow VB Bash. Sounds nice you thing?
reminds me about growing up in Germany before bakeries became commercialized.
judas priest. whatever you do, do NOT buy an hero. worst phone ever in the history of telecommunications. better off with cups & string
so close but so far "uh oh! Can't connect to user proxy server
Very close to being back in Milwaukee. Very happy!
It's always nice to know you have nobody to go to in life. Yay me!
Take that down. babe it was a joke
I don't know, but when we do DEFINITELY bring a huge cup of Starbucks so the waitress yells at us. Definitely.
Via and , the Rustie Essential Mix is indeed bonkers.
RT If you want me to list you in my Joe Jonas Lover List , I will pick 10 random people
I remember being nauseated by the canned pears in Hand Maid's Tale a hundred years ago. Hideous view of dystopia.
I'm soo glad my boyfriend isn't hairy!
GM! Thanks for RT! Peace & Blessings...
1? get a sitter? Or don't come?
wow ur that cold?
LOL at people in school and I'm laying in bed. Enjoying my day off~
Fun! Share when you're done please!
The pronunciation was right, just the spelling.. almost always C instead of Q in espanol. :D
I also had a 2 year old assistant
IDK how i'm going to live through the next 3 weekends. My body needs to step its game up.
Going out for a sunday drive with the family in 1955 Bel-air
Polar Bear Rodeo!! Heck yes!
Roll pass my way I'll give you everything, just bring a usb or somn ": Possible tonight y whats up?
thanks thats a huge help!
iPhone is goin dead <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Music is why I live!! Thank you
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways BE PROUD TO CLAIM U AND LET IT BE KNOWN WHO U R
i'm on the live webinar now... will share the link once the archive is up.
Get ready to sound like you know what you're talking about, While You were Sleeping is up next..
Is alligator always chewy? I tried it over the weekend and wasn't impressed :/
Black Hollywood Weekly w/ on ! We have HOT topics & a special viewer will WIN our "Viewer of The Week" Tune in 7pm/pt
Can say that my love for fashion, shopping, and creativity has been taken to a new height with the help of xo
If my realtor wrote me on Tuesday saying she'd call me tomorrow and now its Thursday and still nothing, when should I call her???
Bird wont even let me stay n da bed he tol me i cn slp at da H.O.R um no yall just gt baloo ass u aint finna get me
Done. Check your inbox.
Coffee and a good book on the deck. I love mornings in central OR.
ok you totally know me!!! I try to live by that.
My man when are you coming back to Niagara Falls. Best be soon
Im jealous!!
us too! We get there frequently. Enjoy! Give a wink to for me ;)
Thank you! I make You Tube Videos.<U+266A> Check it out!!!!!!!
Blood orange cider sounds good.
HAHA OMG I GET TO GO TO MY CABIN I CANT WAIT
I just wanna say I wish it was a common thing to walk around naked.
Today I worked with a little boy with #Autism that could not see the difference between the colors black and white. Any suggestions?
I am ss done
RT : Asbury Agile shirts were from Talk to them - great insight on their products/quality/etc. Service++
Absolutely loving the fans because of the #StarWars #Crew96 threads. You all truly
Watchin the temptations and I'm about to make some waffles.....
An exhibition of Weegee photographs opens tomorrow at the White Box. First Thursday 6-9 p.m. bit.ly/bRHOTx
Leaders listen and make connections
Got them! (Either their free, or are free today while I'm at Uppsala U).
Every girl out there is beautiful! I'm serious!
Laugh your heart out! It is good for you and it makes you feel good!
Acoustic show TONIGHT at w/ && more! Music starts @ 7:30
PBTC's "Pay What You Can" night is tonight! If you've been yearning for some culture but are short on cash, see our one-act plays! :)
#SandyBealesAsdaDeals trend it :) x
Not one morsel has crossed my lips, I think it's time to eat. Damn. See what creativity does?
no im not.
I bet it did. Doesn't matter now. All up to you. Good luck in SF. RT : felt like an eternity.
oh I didn't mean it like that! ( but I'm sure others have used it for that!)
I'm not even home yet and my mom is trying to get rid of me!
when this thing kicks off it a guaranteed book deal haha. Takes some convincing haha
Seriously, earth to the people that understand football...Who would you rather have over myself as Chief Offensive Genius of the Ravens?
#dirtyjokethursday {What is better than a cold Bud?} /// [A warm bush.]
I can't help with the Provel at the moment, but I posted a thin crust pizza recipe on FB. Tasty!
Recommended by Susan Metros: Lateral Thinking by Edward De Bono 1 of 3
love that! Reminds me of the Tast D-Lite loyalty program. Simple, easy & effective.
I'm not a breakfast eater but you can't go wrong with a soup and sandwich lol
actually its more of a spanglist... half english half spanish... haha
Drive-in Theatre
Facebook needs a Drama of the day section in my news feed.
Creating estimates and marketing, marketing, marketing
broke out my new $30 parka. got mustard on it.
Some @ Occupy Madison site talked of moving to vacant lot on S Park St if evicted today. That lot is fenced, barricaded w no trsps signs
Thanks! Have a wonderful day!
ready to hear it.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
So close. Then they became Tom Hayden, Robert Scheer,and Chris Hedges instead. Or worse. Quan. :P
. I've long thought calling it "marriage" is disrespectful to agnostics and atheists. It should have another name.
nothing says the home state like the giant phallic symbol as you cross the state line.
Please tell Whip NEVER to compare Kerry Wood to Scottie Pippen in ANYWAY!!! Shame on Whip!
... and speaking of freefall what the heck happened at the Code Enforcement meeting today?
not sure about greatest (your kids might beg to differ), but it's pretty awesome.
My neighborhood smells like Jolly Ranchers tonight. I picked a great night to go on a long walk.
The Warriors will end up in SF someday. Ed Lee's just being a politician.
iCloud is completely messing me up with my google integration... Im wondering if I need google stuff anymore! But I love it..
Some people create their own storms, then get upset when it rains!
Somewhere in the middle. Seemed like they tried a little too hard to push the envelope.
anyone want to cuddle? :P
did u call karen?
The signed for another 2 years. I wonder whose reign will last longer - Castro or David Letterman?
Michael O'Malley just announced a new journal for short and interactive publications: "American History Now."
so much work!! no time for anything fund these days.
thank you :)
Congratulations for winning 3rd Place in the stroller category for the 2011 Parenting Awards! Thanks for voting!
Ha! Sorry Brookman, I luv ya, but the Packers are on FIRAH!!! GO PACK GO!!
haha I hate you! I shoulda deleted that when I had the chance!
quit doing rails on school nights.
Will do, knew something was a little suspicious.
You shouldn't keep things from me. That's annoying.
Thanks so much! Hugs back! :)
Bout ready to go eat dinner!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Indigo Tree Publishing recognizes that the China market is the new frontier and, arguably, perhaps even the future of books and publishing.
Check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30. Call 770-445-7713 or post on our Facebook wall.
Please retweet: go to chamillionaire.com and download "Major Pain 1.5" real fire plus it's free !
I'd rather be normal for sure!
Dude was flirting with my baby & I had to warned him, if he continued... he'd have to come home with us to take care of us both. He stopped.
If you are an emotional eater, then seek out techniques to help control the tendency to reach for food when you’re feeling blue.
Getting excited for tonights meeting with ! Learn how to #Brand Yourself at 7 in CMU 126! See you there!
Where's Pedro Noguera?
"I can give you a six-word formula for success: "Think things through then follow through." ~ Edward Rickenbacker
you're a minority
After a fabulous time in Quebec City and amazing night at Domaine La Guadelupe we are back in the states and traveling home. Pics soon...
#ThatHeartBreakingMoment when you realize it's never going to be the same between you and your ex that you still love.
Hudson is hysterical on the weekends
you're welcome! :)
Did you mean: other yucky things
I like sliders
you do realize how many snarky responses this should engender?
Granted, Tom was trying to eat Jerry. But all Jerry had to do was move out. Didn't they live in California? Not like it was cold outside.
Let's go Blue!
I want a phone to ring and to not know who is calling until I pick it up
No worries. I am an official book club delinquent, so there's that. :-)
Harden needs to snap!
“: Sky is the limit. But what about space???” the sky never ends so there is no limit
which city is it in? And are you there promoting your comic and they aren't paying you?
yeah, I was just about to reply that it updated. Now that you deleted, my fork is no longer a fork
Thanks for al the follows everyone! just ask for a follow back <U+2665>
I failed to show up again...long night last night. Make sure to update me with quotes :)
"I've had enough, now I'm so fed up,Time to put my life back together right now"
Breaking: Tom Shadyac to shoot Zed Almighty starring Bobcat Goldthwait in stereoscopic 3d simultaneously with Bruce Almighty sequel.
This feels weird. Its like I am just going through the motions. I hate this feeling.
listening to your new album, LOVE IT! So powerful and inspiring; thank u 4 helping me 2 focus on what's really important! :)
I miss my bestfriend from my old neighborhood ! I hope me && him get to hang out today!!
MT : Fun during work is a must. Group lunches, taking time to celebrate successes, small ways to prevent burn-out
Will the Merc replace you?
Grrr... will be away for as well as
Happy hour is right around the corner!!! Come down to the #firestonedistrict and see what's going on & !
Self-made
It's not very often that positive stats & the Pittsburgh Pirates are used in the same sentence. Good look!
I would appreciate it if you followed me without calling me out my name PLEASE...
working out which bar to sponsor at GDC... any ideas please?
!! RT : Either a chatbot has fooled every judge in the Turing test at the Loebner Prize, or the organiser has made an error.
Goodbye my looooooovvvveeee
I know, The "WTF" was directed to the "Paul Troll" LoL
Thanks! Yeah my mom has no faith in people who "Tweetie" stuff!
This is a repeat of wonky canda!!
Colleague told me to apply to a conf. I might not be able to afford to travel to, noting that I could always decline and put it on my CV.
These days you can't pay nobody to be Real.
haha you're awesome. I KNOW. i do wanna meet you too! it will happen someday.
this video made me realize something.. ugghhh
Congrats on winning a copy of THE BLOOD LIE! DM me an address and I'll ship the book out to you.. Thx! --Elena
I'm.... That will be TBA lmao lilac and burnt orange could work............
Just did some analytics of our customer data using Spotted some new trends #selfservicebi Do you use the software you sell?
true true that im sure ur 100% ..it ll never chance doe..maybe the bullying mite stop but the acceptance wont
2012 Green Bay Packers Draft Picks: Fan’s Reaction
It definitely is. I have conversations with nonprofit people all the time about how foreign having adequate funding seems.
We lost 3 students in a car crash in New Zealand yesterday.
If that funkytown debate sketch went on for an hour I'd have stuck with it. Wonderfully silly.
When you're feeling down, look around and see how far you've come and smile knowing you did your best.
setting up for my presentation CORPORATE EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP
No you may not make out with my friend but yes pay for my drinks all night long
hey buddy
So i watchd cyberbully such a good movie made me cry!
We shld totally play laser tag.
Shout out and for the impromptu twitter lesson. All set to tweet about #tedxusc 2012
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Biggest Stories Online?
and when you watch the match and listen to the cometary there isn't an ounce of sexuality implied ....
cosmotology isn't a degree and neither is McDonald's hamburger university.
Ready for tonight's concert in a couple of hours at Bulverde.lets go out there and get it rocking.i am in the mood-dzago chatsama
you'll find chasing the sun.
YES MT If Philadelphia A's wear throwbacks, shouldn't Bob Melvin manage the game in a 3-piece suit & straw hat?
I just saw a commercial for Missing, in which Ashley Judd is NOT WEARING A FLOPPY HAT!
is at the #lawac event to speak on #socent ! So excited to be here along w/ #excited !
so cool!
A university is a college with a stadium seating over 40,000
Get me out of Kansas. No disrespect, just need to see things again. Anything.
I just came across your blog - such a great resource for introverts! Have u covered networking for introverts?
RT 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope, and Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs, no Hope, and no Cash.
(Good Morning- Let's make it a Great1 2day)...the success that GOD has invested into you, is one of his Greatest interest*
RT : Thank you and Jay Strack for sharing tonight
I feel great today!!
Good, good choice on your first visit. Thanks so much for making your way here!
Just finished up with the leadership institute at ACA #MidStatesConf An awesome morning of discussions.
not sure why it still said cnb tonight but we're certainly home and not playing tonight haha. just plottin.
Last day at PFSWeb sad but enjoyable!
Panera date with #yes :)
Ohs I see. It's also called Million Dollar Lake 'cause a bunch of rich older people live hurrr.
Get your shit straight... and you're set.
What time tonight, sir!?
Wow Top 5 nomination - brilliant, going on my CV - Fingers crossed and thx for the RT
lmao I already have son! But yeah ima go visit a few girls
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
If you cant laugh at yourselfDont worry! I do it for you ;D
is any celebrity or friend or one of my followers that is in St.Tropez cause I am, I am hanging around next to the V.I.P room of St.Tropez
Learning is active; something professionals do - life-long, development passive, done to professionals
support the idea that everyone should play each event in so many years to support sponsors
FUCK YOU TWITTER!!! ALL DELAYED AND SHIT!
Having Supper at the Old Fashion!
(and peppermints from the peppermint lady)
one of my favorite quotes - its my email tag.
"Coming Soon" sign coming soon. --David
Good times at North Allegheny HS during our workshop this afternoon.
#Nf thanks for the Follow! I'm honored. GOD bless!<U+263A>
HELP, Still on the quest to fight a foundation that does not look pink/red/ orange on me in the sun FYI I have gold/brown undertones ideas??
I wanna grow old;& still be with the person i fell in love with;& married:))</3
Can't wait to watch teen hoot tonight <21 (:
What up
had a good run. They hit for some 4's and 8's that got us down early but we kept pretty good pace shot for shot
Hey DM me your number...I gotta tell you something
Hot girl on the El, and she's reading Harry Potter? Me think I'm in love.
GOsh, everyone in my timeline, adores you. AMEN! ;) lool
You're welcome! Excited to see more of your work. Congratz! RT : Thanks so much!
Now an older man that I'm attracted to... That's a different story. Lol
Wondering if I should feel like a nerd for loving Wiffle-ball so much?
RT : thx for the RTs of the travel insurance...
Is there any other type?
Feeling down now that MCA has passed.
Thank you all who auditioned yesterday. It was a great turnout and we look forward to contacting those who we will be moving forward with!
RT : One Less Car in SF - Just took another step towards #BetterWork & got rid of the wheels - looking frwd 2 setting up...
Music is a Mission, Not a competition
I've never done that! Ouch!
Seen Blake #Griffin dunking over car commercial? That's some pre-planning in #DunkContest. That's exactly whats wrong with
#BlackBoyProblems can't get a cab at night
wanna be my #StuddyBuddy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Congrats to L-ville... sometimes a team just has your number. Kinda like we have w/ L-ville Basketball.
Xianity140: Adam&Eve hungry so we=sinners. JC died&rose so we=saved. Is God3in1/Bible true/Kingdom coming/Pope Catholic? Believe/Love! Ahh!
Hello Everyone, Come out Thursday night Feb 2, and join me in concert "unplugged". click on my events for more detail.
sad day
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: the Spicy Pickle.
Thanks Diaspora' for sharing the trailer of our film in your community!
hahaha, thats funny! :) i would totally say something like that. A lot of my friends dont like him :( it makes me sad
Somebody need to shut this nerd up
RT : Looking forward to tonight! See u there
Come see me tonight 4pm #FREE #Wine Tasting 1441 E Russell Milwaukee!
Under 50? You have been robbed by liberal boomers via lavish US deficits. Stop US nanny state spending. Obama has no plan. Throw him out!
omg u sound like a commercial lol
Don't know who is? You're stupid and need to go check them out now.
You no longer need a security escort to reach the #GT Archives. Just enter through the front door btw Crosland Tower & the Hinman Bldg.
No sellout yet, tickets still remain but have really moved the last 2 weeks. Going to be a great game with a great crowd!
heartbreaking! We need a T Martin FOUNDATION!!! to work to stop this from recurring
Thanks for having me! Much enjoy : Hi Curt - thnks for coming by
WTF, its Thursday already
It annoys me so much how often my brother lies to my parents and they ALWAYS BELIEVE HIM. Hes such a dick too
love your site! pure awesome.
Man, Gary Carter dies of a brain tumor? Still remember him being one of those players I always liked. Need more like him.
when does your phone turn back on womaaaannn?
This truth serum thing... :)
it was a basic call-back service. Twilio API is simple (heroku + twilio + sinatra = build something amazing in 2 hours)
*rolls spike strips across Mopac*
Uptown Dallas on the up swing with Perry's Steakhouse on McKinney Ave. opening in April.
I think that's okay, since Yoga X isn't as intense. As long as you felt comfortable with it, I think it's healthy!
Hell yeah. Stay busy!
Joe Matson of just pulled out a line from Gilbert and Sullivan's Ruddigore. This is why we're the premiere sound studies group.
+1 RT A wheat stalk contains 50X more #gluten today than 50yrs ago! Good thing there's gluten free Naked Pizza
Grrrrrroooovin to that nu-disco house groove by
please kill me I am giving you permission
Huge props to Ron on this presentation on Natural UI - he keeps thinking he's blowing thru, but he's nailing it - contagious passion
I miss Bennigan's in #ABQ. Used to get an awesome Monte Cristo Sandwich there and really good Beer-Battered Fish and Chips.
I'd LOVE that!
dinner sounds great on me do'nt u think
You can't go wrong with NYC gear. It's like dinosaurs, aliens & monkeys, No copyrights.
omg my birth day is in the 16
#HoodFebreezeScents baby mama drama
I dont wanna take a English final, I'd prefer a project. . . (Fingers Crossed)
Getting ready for some hockey with
Did you KNOW that public WiFi spots are seriously hazardous to your security? NOT a problem if you have :)
It makes sense to figure out what is under your control and focus on that. Right?
TRAFFIC - RR Arms down on Packers near International
RT : no but just got brand new bonavita brewer. Love it
YES! It is! It's all happening!
Id live off the grid for a year in another country, ive also wanted to attend the burning man festival too
Guess who's coming to tomorrow for Moscow Wednesdays? This shit hot rock band here.
i know it will be <3 just throw ya headphones on and leave the world in the dust
Clarksburg WV residents -- Sat Sept 4 @ 3:15pm Main Stage performance at the WVIHF --Make it our biggest crowd ever!
Feature film I was producing last year is back up and running. Yeah. So are several other projects. Summer looks busy.
This coffee is kind of dark, and did you notice the grains on the side?? I will have to take a few sips...yikes.
oh wow so where are you from? :)
#ICantStandPeople that make jokes about the deceased. Like seriously.. Um who's going to defend them
I mean like, how many of us are going to even get a chance to climb Mt. Everest ???
Is this your 3rd checkin? Hope u can redeem our 4sq offer! RT : I'm at The Tilted Kilt (310 10th Ave, at K St, San Diego)
Maybe it didn't pass our budget criteria. We're brining the biggest contingent yet.
good morning!! It's gonna be a gorgeous warm sunny day here in Texas!! I'll send ya some sunshine! lol
Rick Ross grunt rite now.... Y'all know. Sing along. Put on your fav Ross song...
Wow, so many new followers to welcome!! Thanks for the support :)
If just once .xls wouldn't do me wrong when exporting data...
can't wait to see with you tonight!! let's sneak back stage! ;)
ALL of the things that go down in the church and our community is the one that's constantly marginalized.
Today I choose to remember all the wonderful things Joe Paterno did for people while he was here. Rest in Peace, Joe.
Superbowl party!! :D
i have a feeling this box will hit a wall on turn 4.
On the way home
#Brewers fans, stir up some great memories by sharing ur favorite
Happy half-tau day.
Tonight's frisbee game though >>
RT : How's this, ? "Efficient policy interventions for an endogenous world."
My 6yr old wants to know when you will allow McDonalds to ditch the apples and bring back the fries in his Happy Meal
#1othingsaboutme; #5. My Idol is Katy Perry(:
followed! follow back?
Awesome work by all of tonight's dancers including , , , & !! Can't wait to do it again :-)
yes I have I love the song that one and anywhere but here are great songs
": This wind is trying to fight.. I see you dawg. #iseeyou"
No more microwave for me! Never again!!
We're celebrating #winewednesday, too, with $10 off all bottles, every Wed.
RT : "The Celtics! The Spurs! It's the NBA Finals on AB...Hey! Where are you going?!"
"Joe, the harpooser, an enormous 6-footer with a battered ugly face enters from right."- ILE
Please do.<21
It's confusing, certainly! Perhaps there's still inclusion work to be done... ;)
I hate opening my closet doors! Gotta pack this shit up tonight ughh.
what happen to the list you was suppose to be doing for me?
boot camp diet?
Waiting, and waiting and waiting.....
Just drove by Arlington National Cemetery and saw a touching sight -- all of the gravestones had a small Christmas wreath laid before it...
Oh yes.
Best Whiteland Baseball Player Award goes to (:
ha there's nothing better then planet earth! Especially when monkeys are on, I might have to go put the DVD in
Just bought my tickets for at the Hollywood Bowl!!! Can't wait!
I love community o man
What should I have for breakfest this morning Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops, Pops, or an Apple?
Only about 2% of smokers take advantage of phone counseling to get help quitting. We must improve the engagement rate
#NatinalBestFreindDay and and of course (:
We know it's NOT crying, drunk texting, or tweeting!
It's used 2003 Lexus RX300 (SUV). Bought it from the same family we got our dog from LOL.
Bleh the internet hates me. What is it?
let's go down town Friday I got the mula
Realizing I need more single friends or I need to give up my dreams of traveling.
Seen in the crowd Saturday night...Penny Marshall giving "Vince" a thumbs up...will Cindy Williams be next? Laverne and Shirley...
I recommend some polish dessert.
Welcome! What's your go-to Milwaukee restaurant?
A site like arts-humanities.net as a case study? (ie, a case study of a directory of things?)
ABDC7 starts today
Great to meet you as well! Hope to see you next week...
How many times does Nate McLouth have to hit before coaches and management catch on that he is done. Even his biggest fans know this now.
Everyone text: 678-836-4415 and figure out who it is.
Time for a day of recording! Can't wait to share our tunes with you folks
SOME GIRL IS SINGING BOYFRIEND .
forgot to mention she slept with two of my assailants... one less than a week before
I'm a Hobbit friend too. They're also filiming a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Girls are so damn evil..!
#its2hot4that having the heating on full blast in the middle of summer
RT : Lots of discussion about & big theaters' responsibility to diversity. Started @ 3pm EDT, join in w/
does anyone know how can i put a gif as my icon????? help me :)
I'm so nervous for my interview tomorrow D:
Wow! He must have been eating his Wheaties. Kid couldn't get ball out of infield in Padres system
Remember. Don't sell yourself short.
I love my job though.
Love this. Wish I had a helper at my house! :)
I was supposed to be at THAT game. Unfortunately, I couldn't go to the make up game.
this weekend! Sign up now!
yeah yeah yeah. OMG TEACH EVE HOW TO SAY THAT
Keep it up
GRAND OPENING!! 1/2 off waterbike rides, FREE hot dogs, drinks and 25% off food and drinks at Khoury's Restaurant! Come eat and check us out
alright thanks! I hope I can be in it or get to! Huge fan of you all! TURN IT UP!!
Dude thats what I'm about to do
Rep. Brown = echo of
Thank you and for the RT!
Thank you to everyone who participated in Careers in Service to Others Week! Stay tuned for information on our Marketing/PR Week in March!
Let's all just go F some food real hard and not be ladylike about it
sounds like a plan
Miss you Dodger Stadium! I'm glad to see #BeastMode holdin' it down for us this year! LA is the place.
Were ready ! (: RT : getting it done this month. be ready guys!
Dumb ppl think you can be buy me off by cookies and cakes, really? That was probably poison, I gave it to the other ppl who work there.
I like Post's idea that it was a failure of Roman administrative law due to unrestrained discretion.
Childhood stress can affect your health later in life. Teach your children to breathe!
happy house at the mall torta :)!
Nappy Mcnap. Then school work all evening.
HUGE GOAL!!
Good observation. Wondered that too.
Awkward: any guy that receives a signed Jeter baseball gift from his girlfriend this Christmas. - Brian Noe ESPN 104.5 radio
Enjoyed the concerts, I love sully <3
yes we are lol!
can't wait to fuck with it too. Hope to get before summers is over.
Happy Friday Friends! Thanks for all your help to make this the best organization that it can be!
Are you saying you're in favor of Instagram's iOS first then Android model, or are you advocating iOS only?
I did
When will the meteor shower start????
Red Cat Red Cat is not an aphrodisiac. It WILL get you in the sack...especially if you drink a bottle of it. But only to pass out.
The big #book launch for our Diane Morlan's second #cozy #mystery #SHAKE DOWN DEAD is tomorrow at 4 pm at Kishwaukee Community College!
Woohoo! Excited to work w/ :) RT : Excellent meeting you! Excited to partner with you, too. More info to follow
QuickGifts will be giving away another $50 Dibbs card to a lucky winner. Like and share our page to win!
seriously tho, I feel like i can relate sometimes haha
When 1st read ur tweet mind said "roid-dude".Really piqued my interest in what talk was about.Figured it out (a few) sec later
I will pay for that one. Why do I feel the need to be a devious prankster?
oh its ok
if you come to my work I can give it to you. should I fill anything out for anything to highlight?
haha. I don't know. I don't think it's called that though. Lol
I'll be tuning in for sure! Thanks for giving me the time difference....hate figuring that out. ( :
For RT: What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies. ~ Aristotle
I'm sure your colleague will be thrilled by your hard work on tenure decision. Well, unless that was an April Fool's joke.
Today is looking up. I have an after work breeding session planned for my ass.
Curtis, you simply couldn't be grander, son.
me:"Oh no, this car is 4 feet tall, we're not gonna clear that overpass..." him:"Omg really?" #thebestfeelinginarelationship feeling smarter
wins #SanDiego #Imperial Chapter award for their contribution to #publicworks for the Tie Line 650 Underground project!
Thanks so much! Have a great night.
RT GET. ON. THE. SPORTING. FREIGHT. TRAIN. (got no followers, but I'm chugging on the freight train!)
In other words, while many titles included are in French, some are also in English.
Listening to #DaveMatthews while synthesizing my paper. Sometimes I forget how awesome he is & can't believe that I do!
I had a #cassette from The Karate Kid 2....best. cassette. ever. Love me some Peter Cetera.
good it's hot.
Badgers got Danny O'Brien from Maryland, 2nd transfer QB from the ACC in 2 years. Yesterday, they had only 2 healthy QBs.
yeah they make me want to sleep earlier and watch bad movies. got another review that says For Nothing reads like a movie
Guess what... our parents won't need to match any donations.
Ack! Two of my favorite product lines! Trader Joe's & Morning Star!
A good night's sleep always feels so great. When you awake, you've got exercise energy to create!
Day 4 question: is it the cleanse? or is it food poisoning?
Happy birthday to you!
Yo that fire! Big Spliff & Spitting Flames
Individuals Polled On &quot;Do You Think Blog Commenting is Still Effective in 2012?&quot;
Singapore bars opposition politician from leaving - Yahoo! Singapore News
Smiling at you doesn't mean I want to have sex with you. Smiling at you & saying "I want to have sex with you," does.
thanks for the continued support and shout outs. We really really appreciate it!
OH MY GOD YES LIKE EVERYTHING IS FUNNY WHEN HE'S DRUNK
Dave Grohl. You are the man. Right on brother.
Stalley on top
I was late too hope coffee isn't too stale
Art is an intrinsic part of science. Walker
I seen you rocking this watch at the cavs game last week. It's all black with diamonds on the crown. What the name of it ?
I need a skirt, and my mom won't take me!! Just great! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Hahahahaha : anyone down to see the 11:30 showing of 'Inception' tonight?
And they already have an audience of almost 10,000 followers. RT : Wow...I'm surprised that is just now getting on Twitter.
"would someone get mad if I spanked you?" Would someone get mad if I ripped your dick off?
Congrats! Looking forward to working with the esteemed Dr. Croxall again.
Prepping for table read MON!! Can't wait for y'all to see it. May get some BTS for your viewing pleasure!
Roses are Red Derrick is too. Pease let me go to my first Bulls game with my girlfriend and you!
AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT – RAPE: GENITAL INJURIES - ...
Any tips for managing the OSX Downloads folder?
I'm watching Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday. Clay Aiken is the project manager. If his team wins, The National Inclusion Project gets money!
Booked for more shooting of #oddthomas gonna be a long day tomorrow
Nikki Rudd is at the arrest scene. I'm headed to Tops. Moral? U can run with long crab legs but u can't run from the long arms of the law.
Saying "dude." before you say something important.
I never thought approving jockstraps and steel balls would be a part of my job description!
- Aww poor Princess James misses another end of game shot! Mr Nonclutch
Remember its Spring forward time change your clocks, and replace the batteries in your smoke alarms this weekend.
CITIZENS: Peace, ho! let us hear him.
Dang, $250 in Mega Millions tickets. I want my money back!!! #why #shucks #I hope nobody won
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives me a try. Why am I dying to live, if I'm just living to die
RT : #WI Union Chant: Governor Walker is a jerk! Give us our paycheck even though we won't work!
Happy Birthday to Have a great day! Keep the nice weather coming, too!
Hey guys join me @ noon on 790 the ticket. 30 min show before the Marlins game. In honor of lots of MVP talk.
Thats typical New England weather. I feel your pain.
please please please do :)
Happy Mardi Gras...wishing I was there
Schools gunna suck tomorrow
Forget Selena. Forget Justin. Forget Jelena. Turn your iPod and listen to his music. Appreciate it. Not him. His music.
Call me later when you get home!
Art Is My Passion ! :)
It's Wild Card Wednesday! Come cheer on the Red Sox, Rays, Cardinals, or Braves! Only 2 teams can move on, who's it gonna be?
No John Sterling who does the radio always says that's a TEXT MESSAGE when Mark hits a homer. That's why I use it.
RT I dropped out of a SUNY school looking for a good journalism school in SoCal, and SDSU had one. Still does.
You totally made my night by following me! Have a wonderful Mother's Day! XOXO Ciao Bella!
Catch up fast, the tweets are live!
Thanks for dining with us and checking in. Hopefully you did the Yelp check in for a free glass of wine!
I'm just hittin my pinnacle you and pussy identical you like the fuckin finish line we can't wait to run into you.
Hi to all of my 549 followers (: loves you tweethearts <3
I'll be in the mix again tonight @ The Hangar! Drink specials all night!
is a real dude! Now that is how you react to a cheap shot head butt!
Happy mother's day #RVA !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! :D
Chillin' out awhile before bed.
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have.
I have a line on a buyer ... we're tracking her down ... will stay in touch today.
Talked 2 Wolf and Narwhalz yesterday on the 2G.
nope but I wish we could.
lol ... its been so long I forgot how to tie a tie ...
#diydays UI design for 1 Laptop Per Child: organized around metaphor of network of children rather than documents/office desk.
are you showing Red State don't see it in the program.
KU might not do this, but still a huge effort.
Have you found out the name of Wing-It Productions' mascot? Just one of the easy challenges of the scavenger hunt at the #b2bexpo!
Do you know of any types of Lilies that don't require a lot of sunlight?
finally!? Your man card just lost a couple points...
That's cool, we can keep playing this game.
I've found that in-house gigs almost always require that I wear more "hats" - where an agency looks more for one-hat specialists
Question from my boss that caught me totally off guard: "Have you used the urinal today?"
Ok, still looking at what can treat it. Like over the counter. Do they not have anything RX to treat or she wants 2 do this?
Sitting around a camp fire, eating smores & icecream & then a movie later, all with my family (Including Foster kids)
WARNING: Objects in mirror are fatter than they appear.
Everybody's waiting for you to break down. Everybody's watching, to see the fall out. Even when you're sleeping, keep your eyes open.
ME TOO<3 ahww well goodnight sweetdreams :) p.s. I love saying boo :> #twinziez haha.
#Food tip: Anything milk can do, half & half can do better! Cook it creamy!
Superbowl or Puppybowl...what will you be watching?
I'm sure it's a reflection of my "immaturity" but i HATE when a larger entity tells me what to do...I almost always tell them
I'm shocked that no one offered to kiss your bruise and make it better! If I was in LA I would.
With all these secret Super PAC's giving millions to candidates ....why are these tax free? TAX SUPER PAC's !!
Hey Emily, asked me to contact you about my new project called cellhelmet. We are at ctia. Love to meet up if possible.
Thanks, I will!
LA Dodgers in town staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City in Arlington, VA
Just got giftcard spam via Twitter. 'Tis the season?
I consider myself a VERY strong person. To go through the stuff i been through, but still make it out even stronger & be happy is amazing!!
Happy Valentine's Day - I got peanut butter in my chocolate. My fam gave me Reese's!!!
da fuk you mean you aint got my money yet mafugga - samuel l jackson voice
obsessively listening to for *___*
Facebook follow me if your a high roller in Mafia Wars. I play everyday!! Jolene Thornal
Twitter is abuzz today, whats the story with some update... <seeking info>
Hansel, he's so hot right now!
Be sure to also follow fellow Buck Ersan Ilyasova playing for Turkey. He's been a BEAST so far!
luv u too im on my way home
WHERE IS FEDEX AND WHEREIS MY PHONE!!!!! >:(
Hello to all.
We'll be placing an order soon! Can't wait to try the new ones!
trying to contact you re a song u did with my client. pls see my friend request on facebook.
"better keep yourself clean and bright, you are the window through which you see your world."<U+2665>
I'm loving these unlimited data commercials!
Don't forget that the 1st 100 ppl 's Education Fiesta tom get FREE shirts & entrance to the home soccer games!
I was too busy reminiscing. But I'll be out in another 2 minutes haha
I haven't found a good use for it yet, but maybe I'm not their target demo?
Preparing for my last ALA Executive Board conference call.
I like to pair chocolate with whiskey
Been waiting for you. You were just enjoying the scenery on the way! ; )
i already know they aren't gonna tweet me.... bahahah
Def wear the glasses
Hi TJ! Do you go by your initials or is that your your twitter handle du jour:) Welcome aboard #TeamNimble !
I feel so uncomfortable in school its not even funny i hate that place i feel so damn judged there :(
Thanks for the fav
Watching #Heat vs. #Sixers followed by #Knicks vs. #Celtics. EPIC comeback by #Blazers yesterday! Love it!
imma miss you my dude
Happy to join you on Twitter and to be a part of your magazine!
#ImagineMahone you and Austin having a snow ball fight he hits you on the side of your face by accident he rushes over and kisses it better
I can't seem to multitask. #Brewers have 100% of my attention.
A real friend in time of need. >
Yes <3333 Haha my name is Ellie, 16 turning 17 this May, from Portland Oregon but Seattle is like my second home :)
This is a long case
National Grilled Cheese Day ..., really?
Just like his mama smart boy! That looks fantastic!!!! M
“: Great presentation at #TechInMotionPhilly from !”
I love when your cold and put your clothes in the dryer and put them back on.
Knock it out if the park Miss Broadcaster!
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo: rob hardworking people of their hard earned money aka ridiculous taxes I have to pay to support them n their babies
I really wish I had the energy to straighten my hair.
Graduation practice :D
I an pretty sure that UMD has something against English speaking TAs
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
Can't wait till #Mitt & #KarlRove superpac start hitting #obama2012 & #clooney for raising too much $$$. #p2 "It's the hypocrisy, stupid."
Can i possibly be in love with being me as a famous singer songwriter for a very long time or can i just be me as a crime scene investigator
HotInSantaFe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
So there's this boy. And he thinks i'm beautiful. And i think he's amazing.
good luck in the sprints cup season hope you do good i will have my eyes on you timmy
I don't feel good!!! Ugh
Watching the #Pens. One more game, right now.
OCTOBER 14!!!*dances*
Still got love for I would've took that shot too. Tough shot. Get them in game 3 at Staples. Protect your house!
To quote one of the local jazz dj "be good to yourself" and buy Esperanza Spalding "Radio Music Society" cd. Talk about hot; this is it!!
Dude, I've got my best of the best science fiction short stories out and ready to go! Must. Be. Prepared.
Hermain Cain a Black White Supremist you be the Judge The Real Tea Party - GOP Agenda Put a Black Face to their Beliefs
Do I watch Hobo with a Shotgun or 13 Assassins? They're both on Netflix Instant...
how did that remind you of me?!?
Awesome news. Congratulations, Tim.
Now Obama Administration is preventing Christian prayers at funerals of soldiers killed in action. Just WRONG.
I find your take on the addition of Mizzou interesting…and a little full of it. yes, they went down, but damn.
Foxy's in Port Washington tonight !!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Anytime cupcake<U+2764><U+2764>
Hey checked out the truck recently. Loved it. Ever consider a marketing video? We make them and are based in SF.
I have never been so stoned in my life. I can't keep my eyes open, can't talk, take forever to type, can't walk. But still feeling good (:
I thought you should know I ate the last Oreo Funstick.
Did you get out of that meeting yet?
I was full of doubts and you believed
Text me
Go #Patriots!!!
Never- your knowledge of the devine outer planetary truths w/in our solar system are only matched by your physics club cred
YAY JUST DON'T PISS ME OFF
I would support you if you decide to blackout all day
Pizza. Not, I wish.
Why one career teacher, a"lifelong Democrat," hates the recall campaign against Scott Walker. California lessons learned. More tonight in WR
is that true thou :b just being curiousgeorge lol
All those pregnant women!
#blackbabynames trend is racist
which space is that? Very nice.
“: Jurors: Balfour guilty on all counts in killings of #Jennifer_Hudson mother, brother, nephew ” justice is served
lol idk.. I might get sick of drawing soon (like I do with everything else) but hey it's been a year so that's a good sign!
Can it just be summer break already... please.
Thank you! Sunny San Diego is not so sunny right now! Visit me anytime here! :)
i hate this fricken weather fog is no good when you're driving =[
Tip #86: In order to become better at poker we MUST continue to grow our minds. Play thinking games other than poker.
free the squares!
maybe we'll set up a call soon :)
thanks for the shout out!
Gig-of-the-Day for Friday, April 27 - An Evening of Jazz Blue Springs High School PAC, 8:00 pm
did you pay for streaming access?
Happy Labor Day to all of our Facebook fans!
is that why you yell, "Oh God! Oh God!"?
Is it true you and Demi have " thing " ?
That was surely a game to remember!
Its raining but is bringing greece to the red carpet!Goddess inspired hair,asymmetrical dress,&clean makeup w/ lashes that pop
I know right! We have to give our best. Ever!
If you know you can't be with someone and you care for them,let them go
Yeah, sounds good to me. I'm not doing anything so I don't see why not, I haven't seen you in such a long time.
#pdaebook "short term loan is the key to cost control" - Way
It should be around 1:30. Call ahead if you are getting in late. Kitchen is open until 1 am.
I've been at work an hour and a half and I feel like killing someone. Maybe will be a dear and let me vent!
YOU GOOD MA!!! LOL
I'll trade my first born child for tickets to Austin show. Any takers?
it's fine. It ticks me off to, but I just don't think it's right to post that kinda stuff where anyone at school could see it.
If your sorry say so. If your wrong admit it! Free yourself!
we'll be there for 10th anniversary tomorrow! Yummers.
yeah u bird go eat some bread crumbs u stupid hoe
I'm planning on it. :)
Shooting 2 Promos this weekend FEAR and PAIN! :)
Fringe “: I'm looking for Alexandre Daigle and Bobby Sanguinetti to have huge games tonight in an alternate universe.”
Thanks for the sweet review and hot shots!
awww have fun lucie get a nice #bronze for me
So excited to #FHBO tomorrow
Almost done .. Almost done
Needed to use old-school command line FTP today. Whoa, those neurons hadn't fired in a while.
#Shoutout to thanks for the
Free Blog Site tend to look cheap. What would be another way to establish an online coaching location or forum?
Right!! RT : hell yea illest bitch alive. like wth wale is this supposed 2b an inspiring song?
two more hours til new years ! 2012:)
well thank the lord you tweets are on privet so no one can see this
it's 5 o clock somewhere!?
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "uh uh she's about to be unfollowed"
yea what's wrong w/ the files ?
Just took a bus from Ellis Island to New Jersey. I didn't realize that was possible.
do i still have to take my boots off at the airport?
Jeff, I'm concerned you've gone soft ever since I left. Was I the source of your angst?
Need to get FUCKED up soon.
Aren't you glad you read that three page NYT piece on Apple this weekend?
Lemme take my ass to TESSA!! I hate mondays
Just got some cool boys iron man underwear from #superfan. My son is going to get a kick out of them.
Lmao! I concur!
I so get that...happy to help!
my moms a new fan of yours. Lol, she loves you.
Nadink Kozak joins UW-Milwaukee School of Information Studies as 2011-2012 Postdoctoral Fellow in Information Policy
I love hanging out with you too!:) today is Sunday!! I'm already nervous!!
Glenbard libraries to allocate half of acquisition budget to Overdrive.
Working again today, they are going to have clean windows, do you?
I'm actually gonna party in a bit. Sleep over at house you down? Haha
Men can not be raped by women and if they say that they did...they are not men.
Who goes and gets piercings and tattoos with their parents...I know I wouldn't!
#YouKnowYouAtPalo when the lesbian-looking lady takes your phone and iPod. -__-
Waiting to see THE UGLY TRUTH. Critics hate it. Tweeters like it a lot more. We'll see.
I love football. But watching filthy rich team owners cheer in the box after a win is not why I am a fan. That said, Nice job, Giants!
.Mittens-another white male if privilege trying to please the father figure myth! So disturbed & disturbing!
It is very difficult to leave a man as fantastic as at the crib to go work for 6 hrs on my bday!!
accomplishing your goal has to be as natural as eating and sleeping to you....
kk let me know
yes! i snatched it up immediately after the vib email! it's all so summery & scrumptious! the *best* vday present of all! :)
You know you're tired when you wake up and are already planning on what time you are gonna take a nap
Sixers gotta come stronger that. SMH
After seeing the Mile2 CSWAE exam questions one wonders if they know what QA is. Questions repeated, 3 identical answer choices, etc
hay got 2 log out and miss u already now so by see u at night
Romney & Santorum are pretty much tied in the Ohio polls. Who do you think is going to take Ohio tomorrow?
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the library. I believe I will.
Just saying :)
I'm thinking your "no comment" is its own comment. :)
Niece of St. Paul couple who died in an early am fire says Peter Michalek tried to save his wife Maureen but neither could make it out.
cum for it!
Take one step to freedom and it will take two steps toward you- The nightwatchmen
aw man wea u at doe fool i c ya dropped out of school didnt ya
hahha, truue dat. but i thought it was cute to see, basiclly, a guy version of jess. c:
Tonight come join me @ the legroom for wild wednesdays! Beats and drinks flow til 4am!
I HOPE SO!
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe Go to my room, get my phone so I can call someone who gives a fuck
Ghost Adventures!(:
When I talk to people,I'am amazed at the lack of Kownledge,closemindedness,Thanks GOD this is only about 40 %
Blake was harassing me so hard today omg
wats the theme for tomorrow
Can't miss the NLD booth at #TED - it's the crazy one with six computers, two screens, and an ecosystem...and that's not all...
it's supposed to be " I'm eatting a doughnut"
Working on my base tan
would be much more useful if missing contact details were completed by learning from others.
YES! #Cataloging & #metadata Invaluable for anyone interested in tech services, archives, digital librarianship
Does it mean I am an addict if I look at specific food and think "The hunger games?"
#youcan'tdateme if you don't appreciate how beautiful i am!! ;)<3
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
"You can do anything you set your mind to" "Never say never" "Don't let it get you down"
Just got back a few hours ago.
Drew looks exhausted.... Keep working big fella.
#LSCON False Evidence Appearing Real.. What do you FEAR?
Clippers benchmob making it happen.
RT : Hey #SoFla – tell us why YOU need to chill out and use the #SoFlaChill hashtag. You may win a #CherryBerryChiller priz ...
Told the $100 Tommy Bolt story to a co-worker.
haha nice, and cool ill see you there.
Please PLEASE follow me I followed your lil bro too!! :o)
All this technology makes it easier to keep in touch, but so much harder to truly connect
#YouCuteAndAllBut I don't want to go with you
ERIKA baby I'm goin to Australia to get u to save u and get u away from Kevin. I dont want u hurt :'(
Work At Home $97/hr $87/hr Part-Time Job Openings. Apply Today, Get Hired Tomorrow!
thanks! “: Don't forget about Happy Hour on Jan. 16th! Email fore more info. #goBR”
Wasn't usab. testing. Was a survey (~120 respondents) and about 20 phone interviews. Quite rigorous.
What industry are you in?
Don't you dare fuck this up Indy
Thx 2 , I've expanded fundings into new city in WA State. Look out Twisp, you're bout 2 meet a killer mortgage crew frm Seattle
I pretend to not care but actually its killing me inside </3
bck to ga
I'm just going to ring in early and say this is tied for tonight's worst performance.
ahh, okay! Melissa will i'm with her!
Don't you mean "fan?" RT And Dallas fans slump in front of their TVs as Quick beats Korpikoski
if you wanna!! can you go??!?!?! i need to know asap
My boyfriend makes me so angry sometimes. <U+E416>
thank you! Can we find each other at reception tonight?
Excellent! THE HAIRY APE gets better, for me, every time I read it.
maybe she wont but then again maybe she will. . .
Is 'sili' and option for more than one silo? Probably have to look in multiple disconnected places for the answer
I'm deleting my account soon
Im done with the wholebworl, i been mad this whole day i tired of my school, ticketmaster, and my parents
Laser's for Best Album of the Year
I would hate to think I gave myself to the wrong person that didn't deserve me.
this is a side attack while the cubs swoop in and sign prince & we won't even notice...sharp kick 2 the groin
we need to go to my locker and remember
chasing dreams, sort of like dreams boy I ain't slacking.
Lol you suck
Let's be honest, spelling lazer with a Z is much cooler than with an S.
thanks for the shout out on the candy demo and recipe. Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
RT : Is it wrong that I'm looking forward to yet another social networking site ()? I just wanna spoon with everyone
I knew someone would get it
You are just smart, hope you are having fun with it, let me know if you have questions :)
Smithsonian Visiting Scholars Gregorio Luke and Emily Keys will host a reception tomorrow, 7:30 at KCT Board Room Station Kansas City
Start light, keep it funny. This is an oppty to bring this often overlooked/taboo genre to light.
I will take a look and you may be right, but that would make sense with need to get back on track for another season.
“If you do not know Jesus, none of your sins are forgiven. #ICareEnoughToTellYou”
Two things make straight men look gay. Spiders and skinny jeans.
For love I'd do anything, for you. . I'd do more<3
I got soul, but I'm not a soldier
thank you for the mention!
Wow another own-goal in the playoffs for the Sharks!
can't wait to see you all! We'll stock the vino for ya
Look people Bieber and Mayweather = Cotto wins
could you please send us more info? We'd like to get this straight. You can email me at thanks -Jill Ryan,
Sat 6/23, ALL AGES/21+ to drink show available venue. Double V is Looking for pop/rock/alt/indie/modern rock bands looking to perform
> Keep Us Posted for sure, We Look forward to your business
We want to know: what's your favorite type of massage at Massage Envy?
I might sound like a noob, but I'm obsessed with swamp people. #BESTTVSHOWEVER :D
Word of the day — Klangfarbenmelodie: altering the tone color of a single note or musical line by changing from one instrument to another.
Carbon Electronics: Can We Foot The Bill? - Forbes
hey sweetie! Great cover! How are things going in LA? Dex will be back next month and I'll be out there for a few weeks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
it is a pleasure to find you in the ether, as the old school philosophers would put it. Just acquired your Opened Ground!
who do you want ? (:
Richard Siskey – thankful for good friends today.
I think we would :) RT : if i stopped tweeting would you miss me?
I'll sell my house.
Jeff. Like. Mirror image. It was SCARY.
Heading to Samovar to meet up w/ first (and best!) Mrktng Asst I had -- lost her to but always glad we stayed in touch!
Congrat's To All The Senior's!!!!!
Haha, thanks :) RT saves the day again by hunting down our search issue. Search away and thank the code elders!
Loljk found the syllabus.
I want make u feel like the only girl in the world<U+2665>
sounds good. Especially interested in a good dinner spot for Saturday, and a place to watch Linsanity in Harvard sq Sunday...
It would be the Manhattan House apt of Mrs. William F. Wund. Never seen the article, would love to see it!
im done done done
On my way to work!!
Not leaving my laptop till tweets again.
Somewhere out there, someone's grandma's recipe for dill bread reads "... allow dill dough to rise".
hehe ya!!:p
What are YOU doing to make things in this world better?
Slower run/walk.. I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Are three people on #Segways considered a gang?
do you know if gopher hoops is being broadcast online?
Really, all Windows users should dual boot with #Linux just to be able to delete what they want off their drives. Or heck, just switch.
by 'him' I meant your cock, but you're right ;)
I forgot what it was like to go out. Kind of want to do it again. Oh boy.
OMG. 32 speakers on animal control issue... More coffee...
Trying to have a new view on my changing life. Going on 2 yrs of changes. Im growing & learning from it & keeping my faith in God. Goodnite.
Hey fuckk you !! Im from phoenix hoe!!
Is WaPo helping BHO create another distraction? Let's go back to talking jobs & economy, please!
Love u Sunshine!
Youth Prayer! Tonight at 6:30pm. EVERYONE welcome.
*smh* ugly start for the
If a company asks for a RT, do you do it? (Not for a contest.) Or do you find it tacky?
The neighbor's sewer pipe is broken again and a gusher of turds are flowing down the hill by my office.
man I heard it.
plz follow for me
Gonna sit back wit my bottle of vodka and think about wat imma do different this year....and i wish you were with me right now...
Absolutely. Knowledge is moving at a more rapid pace. Good luck with your work!
You make me sing like a guitar humming. - Neil Diamond song
do you have a chance to record this? I need a copy of this!! I was there when I was seven years old
I sure would love a DIAMOND RUBY movie to take advantage of the new Golden Age! :-)
good morning #Bestie:-) headng to work now. Went to bed early lastnite, hope u have a good day!!
m bread!
Just a sad, sad day
"Someone" is looking through their 4th HOT ROD magazine of the day. No telling who that could be....
Damn at least ask if you are goin to bring someone to my house and on top of that an asshole who doesn't pass the blunt.
I also think it would be cool to see all the superhero films at the drafthouse
yes please! I can do lunch on Sunday if you want??
I can use Twitter ROGHT NOW! Raaaaaaa w/
early bird gets the mixtape
Snuck cinnamon into the rice krispies treats....is it health food now?
Man I love this Iowa State team.
ReText " nah, i have my third chew of the day in right now since i finished my Monster and had some leftover quiznos"
well now there bears awesome ones and i have 4 :D lmaooo soo how bout them gas prices? (.-.)
Just heard 2 NEW demos! w/ #WEDOINWORK! Side Note: The G rated version of Damn Straight is Darn Toot'n
better than the people I deal with normally
Larry Legend hands down!!!
Any ideas where to go when I visit Minneapolis next week?
bet idk I might hit that joint. Or I might be in the studio all day
Running into Crew players at the bar and they recognize us as "those girls"
TY FF Jamie, your blog looks most funsy. Love exotic locales, chocolate and the color red! Looking forward.
Just got my swag in the mail. Thanks !
hahaha classic, you should wake her up i'm sure she'd like to hear
This is Chad: Love all the moves the birds are making! I'm sure Quimby will have a lot to say in this week's email!
If you own a car, and then hire someone to drive you around in said car, it's time to pay more taxes.
RT : Mitt Romney hires a consultant to help him appear genuine. Now think about that. Take all the time you need.
With his influence, there would be no stoppin us.
Ugh his bodies so hott why does his face have to be ugly ! Wah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
this kid: is ATTRACTIVE. AMAZING SINGER. INSPIRATION. FUNNY. SWEET. CUTE. ADORABLE. And so much more!
Traffic cameras never stood a chance here in L.A., because people get plastic surgery and change their faces all the time.,
Let's go
Enjoying a look at Tarantino's new script, Django Unchained. #Thankfultohavefriendswhoareagents and who pass us first drafts on the sly
oh yes lets! CD release Party is about sold-out for Whew. Even got on Art Beat WAMU 2day. thnx 4 grt advice.
you should give and I our own tv show :) everyone would watch us!!! We're gay and hot :) and funny as ever!!
It's rare when my #6amclub and yours are actually happening at the same time! Welcome to EST :)
Arms destroyed after carrying bound stacks of issues around campus
Haha yeah, we just planted our garden yesterday, hope the plants don't die!!
… Followed Back !
When J. Cole made In The Morning, he must have forgot about morning breath.
oh didn't see the other tweet. Congrats!
Back at ya:) RT : good to see you there today! Looking forward to coffee in a few weeks at the Harvard Sq. store!
I want that too :'(
": A #Libra's smile will charm your pants off.".... Its gonna be a lot of half naked chicks walking around today
Thank you for support. Go Kings!
#Cleveland must find a superintendent of schools that is willing to stay.
Thats awesome, now I wish I still owned a record player. Probably have 2 go 2 an antique shop 2 get 1
the best one i've contacted to is "I still data"
& hydro always wants to bring up how I always have thirsty niggas all on twitter. YET he's a thirsty nigga.
It takes a lot more than food for a woman to get to my heart. I still like one that cooks though.lol
TGIF!! SHOUT OUT to all my new twiiter fans, YT subs, reverb fans and facebook friends LUV YA, have a great weekend
But -- the "BEST" talk show hosts do ban people from their shows!
“: A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. - Confucius” LESS talking & MORE doing! Love it! :D
3-8" inches of snow forecast for tomorrow? This kind of came out of nowhere. Usually the weathermen are giddy for days.
u no jaden smith bday today *sexy*
Thanks for the RT!
Sound Designing our New Video which should be up Monday :) New Article on How To Get A Name Actor will be up later today!!
Whether he was joking or not, it still struck a nerve...
Please bring Lady Phoenix back :( Can you girls do a cd with you, Diana and Kasey? She told me she wants to do a comeback!
Deciding whether or not to lay out & read Hunger Games OR be productive with school
Dreams = crushed
this sounds AWESOME! Sharing this and will encourage my ladybugs to give it a try too!
I spent the whole bus ride making a little origami trophy after my expected hwf victory.
Has anything more adversely affected the soulfulness of jazz music than the advent and use of the fake book?
Going to get ready to meet up with a friend and try to have a good time. Miss Mother may she
thank you for following me .
FACEBOOK ME AND SHO SUM LOVE AND BE RECONIZE AND PEEP THA MUSIK PAGE
But Sherlock is on in 15 minutes, and a scotch on the rocks will help with these allergies. Couldn't hurt, anyway.
guess what I'm doing right now?
You got a picture of an Arabian!!
you know what city has the most demands?!?! CHICAGO! :D i think it's time for you to come here(;
On to the #Browns mock at No. 4....Trent Richardson or Justin Blackmon or Ryan Tannehill.
lol where your sneaks at sir vans fiend?
how often do they clean the Toyota in left field? Looks like its waxed everyday.
The lack of repsect UL is getting from the national media is amazing. I don't think anybody except the Dolphin at the zoo has picked UL.
This is definitely not Miller Time tonight. Shaky
I would wish Austin good luck at playlist live but I already know he's gonna do great!(:
Thank you Geraldo for apologizing! We don't need to change our clothes, we need to change our minds/
Happy Easter from the txt4health team! For free diet & exercise tips, text HEALTH to 300400.
How old is your youngest fan? My 4 year old niece is crazy about you I know what to buy for her bday anything Justin bieber.
Haven't posted a blog entry in awhile. I need to pick it up! Posting one tomorrow.
#nw The Tourist..cuddling and going to sleep:-)
There he goes again, Sparks keeps talking about "trust" and "truth"
I can't handle another loss tonight, LAkers. Do some damage, please.
I am seriously craving Edy's Black Cherry Vanilla frozen yogurt.
If I'm louder, would you see me? Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me? #NP Moments
Best you never had </3
Ireland Rolls Out the Red Carpet for Tech’s Elite [PHOTOS]
Update: to be in the July issue of on sale June 7th.
She gnna play you bro #factRT : I'm hungry, hurry up &amp; get off !!!!
The next few weeks of teaching are all #modernism all of the time.
RT Everyone has an opinion. All that really matters is are you being you.
I feel yu
Enjoying a day =]
is packed today for lunch. I saw Mayor Brown, Dr Wayne Wood and many others. Make your dinner reservations for #artwalkjax now.
Sneaky half court line strikes....oopsie
All I want for my birthday are tickets and a kitten<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Its awesome to continue a tradition of great movies on the anniversary of meeting Keep it up Marvel! 2 years & counting!! :D
What happened to the cold?
Volunteer tutors will be here soon to help our students for the semester - and they might be more excited than the kids!
Yes it was.
Hey, question... Are the Chargers looking at a potential blackout this wknd, or is the Seau ceremony helping? If u know...
Listening to on 105.5 and loving' it!!! Thanks!!
omg i might have to!
#iWishANiggaWould Snatch Something Off My Tray At Lunch
Having a RT contest tomorrow for free admit/lunch to next month's event. Thanks for leading the charge!
Somebody go get Wade's wheelchair.
Our equipment and software is mobile - use it anywhere outside your office, city, state or country. Fast easy to use cloud software.
Yes, but today isn't happening. Tomorrow afternoon?
fucking TNT and their shitty broadcasting
Is My Hero, If I Ever Met Him I Think I Would Die Of A Massive Heart Attack. :)
Thanks! We love to hear from our neighbors. Feel free to send us feedback at any time.
Been to the mall lately? Is there a conspiracy by fashion designers to make all women look like Gypsy fortunetellers?
Sox strand a pair in bottom of 1st at Fenway. No score. Skies brightening, stands filling in after lethargic 4:07pm start.
Am I too transparently liberal if I tweet that I'm proud my 7-year old son doesn't care that his little league team lost 15-0 last night?
Shrimp Po Boy at oh yeah I'm so coming back
#SLV with the upper hand after a shocking start. Honduras wobbling just a bit at the back.
Thanks man, that was for the Howard Stearn Show.
no prob it's all cool
everything!!! rappers, singers, producers....
Men and their balls > Men and their facial hair
Thanks ! We hope you like it!
Jeffries is such a bum omg
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. - Einstein
deep breaths....
Neighbors, you do know it's 7/10, right? Unless you plan to celebrate Bastille Day with fireworks, it's time to kill the explosives, mmkay?
Can't wait for next weekend, Dollywood with Daniel :)
A big thank you to Sen.Steans from GROW47 and the 47th ward for allocating $200k in state capital towards McPherson Elementary!
Thanks to the seven people who followed us today! I truly appreciate you're support. Be well, Ryan.
Here come the #Patriots again at No. 31. Thinking it will be Whitney Mercilus or Courtney Upshaw or Harrison Smith.
RT WhateverTheyCallItNow Stadium in Miami is filled with empty seats. // What DO they call it not?
People that follow me should know how I get during Laker games, especially during playoffs.
Reading: Parenti Soft Cage, Teaching tmrw: drones/privacy; Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete?
austin retweeted my tweet =)
GOOGLE PLAY STORE sounds like a place you drop special-needs kids off at so you can run errands. ANDROID MARKET just sounds better:)
New song "Bury You In The Ground" by thanks for the video.
yes, me too! Guess I have to plan a trip to Chicago :-) have not been there for a while! Have a good flight home!
Angela Baker and my Obsession With Fire has and always will be my favorite song since 6th grade
Why is it only tuesday.
I am very glad of that. If Obama 'fought' the way you want, he couldn't have been a community organizer. He can't B naive.
Diets are just not my thangs lol
Let someone in front of you in traffic: pay it forward bitch!
« Bitches be ratchet.» dammn right!
Looking for a good opportunity to leave this Lit class cause she already took attendance and we did our quiz.
oh fun! :) ill pass it around
Xciting stuff now!
I know how you feel Coach!!! I know how you feel!
I fucking love that song.
don't make me walk 10 blocks and I will
Really, really trying to get into Downtown Abbey. I wanna love it but I think I may have missed the boat on this one.
Thats what Colts fans said a year ago about Peyton RT : But I don't see Joe getting injured he usually plays through the pain
Tonight I was given permission to watch any horror movie I want.
I'm just thinking about all the laundry as I do mine for 3 kids... how do you launder for 20?
I promise I'm being haunted!
Me too! My engines feels amazing! Haha (:
how'd it go today?
<3 #ShakeItRecords, but there r tiny record stores in Cincy/KY that mostly sell vinyl & finding them is half the fun :)
the most down to earth "celeb" I had the pleasure of working with at Paramount was #fishfilet her husband is the shit
NO I AM NOT UR CUZIN WTF OK GAVE ME ANTHOR ONE
thanks for the follow! If you or a client needs a new mattress or new furniture please let us know!
wassup fat head?
good question. As it my new computer for my new job I have yet to watch any video on it. I will have to test and get back to ya.
: I've had a few of those. Do you have a link on where to report them?
Thanks for the happy birthday!! :)
If you had to take a cross-country road trip with any president ever, who would you choose?
Latest Uncanny by made me finally see the deeper issue at stake in AvX beyond It's A Really Big Fight. Neat. - DvL
On lake #superior with Cold but worth checking this out.
He's learning well from Cal. RT : "The best job in the country to have," Mitchell says of being head coach at UK.
I love Allison.
RT : Watch how u spoil somebody it'll always bite u in the ass
A full hour of science before going to lunch. Smh
Great to be home in the gloomy chi!
whats your number ;)
Call Of Duty: Black Ops Hits $1 Billion In Sales - Holy Mother of God
We are so proud of you and OUR Hoosiers
Another goal off a rebound. Seguin scores up front. Lucic kept that shift alive.
"I'm paraphrasing..." LOL. You definitely got the gist of that quote right. I love Alice and her rants, then the Hi Fred!
If your underage, don't fret, just remember our motto "what happens in here, stays in here" haha!
Make the Call. Don't Miss a Beat. Campaign kickoff tonight!
I love it when it rains and when a storm forms. Quite amazing!
I bought my domain yesterday & am working on a site. Its fun although my coding skills are nonexistent, so it will be pretty basic to begin
I just made a preloader for a non-flash website... it feels weird... i'm not sure why.
Forgetting Is the Better Part of Remembering: The Mark Huntsman Story
Peter #Drucker midweek idea: "There usually are more good ideas in even the stodgiest organization than can possibly be exploited."
I'm not...and it is.": RT : If you're choosing to not use headlights in this fog, I'm to assume your car is parked."
Thanks for following us! I hope y'all have a great day.
Good morning lovely :) RT : good morning pretty lady
Well that was considerably easier the 2nd time around...
Dr. Strangle love is the midnight movie the weekend at the Egyptian... #tallcans and
The Street Advocate by Cole Hart is available for free. Retweet to support the youths.
Why does every black pastor know how to sing??
Free Life Coaching Classes w. starting 2/22, 2-5pm @ our Employment Center! 2 Slots left. Special thanks to Sharon Y. Brown!
I miss the days before Bristol Palin. B.B.P.
not enough profane words in the English language, gotta become bilingual
I don't understand anymore..
The funny thing about that little white speck on the top of chicken shit. That little white speck is chicken shit too.
by head, I totally meant hear!
Get here early this weekend, reservations are still open! Booking up fast!
In 1961, Cuban leader Fidel Castro offered to release prisoners captured in the Bay of Pigs invasion in exchange for 500 bulldozers.
Hopefully they'll be better for it. RT : The Flyers deserve every single second of this.
How you been? #Follow back
Know anywhere good for Juleps on Cinco de Derby Day?
RT : "Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control." Unknown <U+2665>
The last song was written by a Syrian wedding musician - and the next love song comes from Sweden.
please tell me it was a junior high team..
To have the Love of Christ, is to love a stranger! Don't you ever forget that!!!
See you in Orlando at the #Global Pet Expo!
Amen Amy! My motto is Relationship + Networking = Success
It's Sultry Saturday inside Tabu Lounge downtown San Antonio! Get here early!
Guess I should go ahead and do something with this day.
I miss all my INGLEWOOD NIGGAS retweer in you a real wood nigga
yeah...we're ALL feeling them. ;) RT : guys. i haven't baked in a week and a half.
The research focused on what drove people to give, what were key influencers, and how can orgs reach out.
We chose your entry to win 2 VIP seats! Just tell us your full name and the spots will be reserved for you!
Who wants to see Hopes High in Nashville May 20th?
www.designkindle.com is coming soon. Lots of free web design files on the way, plus a massive prelaunch giveway. Follow
Timeline today: Bears - Draft, Badgers - Spring Game and Bulls - playoffs and D rose injury
hm. I created a custom field key (affiliation) with value, but you're right, anything can go wrong! Also not sure exactly +
Love the name. But fans hype these kids way too much. Ex: Xavier Harris. Fans called him "Xavier the Savior." Look him up.
are you gonna re upload Mistletoe? Because that was thee best video of you!(: And of course my favorite<333
have fun at your beer thing tomorrow!
absolutely very glad to share. has a fantastic business blog! A must read IMHO.
did u see that 5 out of first 8 players drafted in MLS draft came from Univ of Akron? NFL draft ever been like that?
Thanks WICR 88.7 FM for broadcasting my recording of Green Dolphin Street this weekend! Aloha Indianapolis!
I think I've decided I don't want a birthday this year.
Crome to ya some till u get lock jaw
The naples long is in the house!
what ever floats your boat
JOB: Smith leaves job openings up longer to show students what has been available in the past, and what might be available in the future.
Happy thanksgiving!
can't figure out what i'm more in love with--pita chips or screaming females
Listening to Mozart's Requiem as I finish my last college assignment…hmm…I can't decide if this is appropriate.
Senior year is so expensive -$$
It kills me to hear/see my bestfriends cry :(
“: #UFF Warning: Pick it up! You're not posting like when I followed you!” // wow. Work happens UF. I did.
ANYONE GOT UVIP TO SEATTLE SHOW?
I bet the dude from temple run has strong legs :P
Amazing day here in Vegas, inspired by the B2T crew young leaders today! Honored to have been a part of this-Thank you
like since when do we reward treachery with tax breaks? omg.
Share them with us, too! RT : Have a Valentine's Day craft to share? Share it here and check out some other great #crafts!
Something is wrong with our local basketball teams this week. Let's serve 'em some sliders & get the ball rolling!
On my way to rehearsal, yourself?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
Aahhh ... I heard it wrong. I thought it was already legal. My bad.
what to do tonight?
jet lag?
Please take good care of We'd like him back next season.
Are you local? You can come in and ask for Kevin.
Hm...Tom Collins sounds intriguing. Definitely in a punchy mood.
I just finished taking a shower, gonna eat lunch in a while.
Okay people calling me... Thanks for the tip girls!
let us know how we do!
Great job and many thanks to all those behind the scenes today at
Can someone do themselves a favor and follow That is all. You may resume.
I should but no, I didn't get tickets. Need a date? Lol
That's cool! Hope you score big!
Hey Thanks for watchin. CRAZY DAY TODAY.
People at our school make some dumb videos.
Does anybody pay attention to what's going on in night class?
6 People facing charges for allegedly making meth in an apt. laundry room in Boscobel
so I shouldn't have even read that
Really, you don't like Faith No More?!
Did anyone miss anything important because of Daylight Savings?
WHAT?!!? lol RT : Oh God Little Jon is back haha
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. -Bob Marley <U+2665>
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!! U WONT BE DISAPOINTED OR BORED!!
hahhaahhaa but you guys are playing like you dont know its the playoffs. How is mike miller and mario chalmers making plays?
I think this is the longest I've gone without chipping my nail polish
eww listening 2 mamma mia film soundtrack.y did they let so many bad singers on. saw it twice on stage so movies bit disappointing.
Does anyone like sending cards? I'm giving away a gift account to anyone who wants them.
R.I.P Micheal cook you will be missed but NEVER forgotten :(
reading a good book.
hey how was ur sunday?? (:
Peter Griffin > Blake Griffin
Iannetta's option can be voided by Chris; trade triggered language
You still up? Calling you now...
uh you don't have to have Facebook to have Spotify
Can't, I don't live in city of SD.
My pleasure. I hope you're well.
Mountain pose is an affirmation. You can conquer anything with your natural boldness and resolute strength. Terri Guillemets
Good question! Can I start in Newark with wine by the river and then disapparate (Like H. Potter!) to Emmendingen for dinner?
love the book!
Really in a bad mood. Somebody save me from this disaster.
At the airport
Quick solution unlikely in resin shortage, research firm says Automakers and suppliers are unlikely to find immediate alternatives to a s
I'm glad cabbage cooks down, for a minute there I thought my Yakisoba was going to turn out more like Yakicabbage.
Happy Saturday! Will you be driving around town this weekend? Where to?
The code coupons:
*Sending a big ol bear hug* Hey pretty lady!
Best ABDC episode of season 7 yet(:
I was on about a 6 mo vaca :)
If you believe there is #BigData, I have some oceanfront realestate in Arkansas to sell you. Data is data, always has/been
Break it DOWN!! " you tweet was amazing, thank you, it forced me to dance!!
Worst job in law enforcement: boner patrol.
yeah, I'm not a fan either.
:( esa cancion me pone full sentimental
For more info call us @ 972-496-6700 or mail us @
all it takes is kind word a beautiful smile and loving eyes lol
We are touring tmj4 =)
what don't they have!?
Glad you love it! You should respond to and let her know how much fun you're having, she'd love to hear about it!
oh my mitchel!!
Had an amazing time in Spain for the #EPTMadrid; now I'm in London for some fun! I'll be in a coma for a week after this trip!
Bill Self. Coach of the Year. Thomas Robinson, player of the game. Roy Williams, angry glasses fail.
thanks Chaz! Can't wait to get these bad boys printed up
There's still space in Malcolm Lib's Internet Class tomorrow at 10 a.m. Come on in and brush up on your skills! :)
Now following (:
Eli manning is actually mildly funny. Who knew?
wasnt on :( im confused , the tv guide was wrong, i did watch the youtube video many times today and reached my laugh quota :P
And buy your tickets at lostweekend.eventbrite.com! Enter discount code getlost--a Halloween present just for all you beautiful people.
In the Studio recordin the green pill
FINAL SCORE: Washington 17 – Chicago 14 Hail To The Redskin Victory!
how's pedro?:(
In 15 minutes the suns rays that fall on the earth generate enough energy to power all of man kinds energy needs for an entire year!
I cant follow anyone I hit following limit!!:(
all i been doin today is eating, sleeping, chillaxin, lol
#Buy1111 FOR SMOOCHES:*
you should've come!!!!!!
And seriously? It's not even my commencement and I feel like I'm going to cry. I will be a MESS next year at my ceremony.
Hanging out with the best boo ever :) my wittle ; oh and too haha :)
is going to blow the new roof off of #Mansion360!! WEEK 2 AFROJACK and friends is going to be
I'm looking for a change in life
Breaking News: Angelina Jolie pregnant with twins! Father Unknown?
stick that same thumb u send dat wit in yo ass
I'm in 8th:] are u in 9th?
Latest buzz for Red Robin: - RT Red Robin!!! Yum!!
Do I dare to eat a day-old Moe's burrito?
that's what chu said last time lmao
is just too quick.
Off to bed.
Take your child to work day today!!! Should be fun to have my youngest (and his legos) @ the office today.
I think I've started reading that at least 3 times! :-)
Schmooze tonight, Urban Farmer (The Nines Hotel) It's going to pop!
Lauren Laverne: Apocalypse wow with Mexicana
New hours start today, so does this week's special, "The Fungus Among Us" with portobello, button & cremini shrooms, all local! Open 11-5!
like Willie Mays Hayes
Good afternoon! Did anyone have a good weekend?
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
At the town hall meeting at Liberty High School discussing how to address the drug issue in southern
We're ready for you!
You guys need to get Cherrington on,ask him when they are going to be serious in Boston? Bobby V/Byrd...laughable!
Spanish Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm. Open to all skill levels and very informal.
Wow, reading the paper and thoroughly disgusted with my state representatives this morning. Considering switching to independent now.
I need some good music in my life..
hahahahahaha(: my finger hurts): I touched the bottom of a cookie sheet right after it came out of the oven... Accidentally :/
Wow Utah traded Deron Williams to da Nets
Thanks so much! Can't wait to hear what you think :)
I never seen one of those before! im amazed lol
I miss him already:/
Grateful 4 Occupy & its changes to global awareness, but can't support a Port action not coordinated w/ the v. progressive ILWU.
Oh six points is good!
That makes me feel good inside haha
77-69! Bulls have the lead!
Anyone have any good Halloween drinks? Need some cocktails to go along with the Old Style we'll be serving at our Halloween party.
Thurs I'll post re: #m project. Consistent feedback from y'all was that it was embarrassing to post & friends didn't comment. True?
starting part 2 of a 3 part #script this weekend. My fingers will hate me with all the typing.
You bet I do :) And I'm a HUGE Veeam fan, if only we had any budget
Soo im actually deleting my facebook AND twitter tomorrow :o not my tumblr though.. Time to focus on whats really important
IE actually makes one hate developing for the Web. So many productive pursuits wasted by this garbage. Frustrating.
All complaints must be in writing and emailed to: :) (Enjoy your hump day!)
TANDEM...$3 PBR TALLBOYS WITH A SHOT!!!! get outta town...
Haven't tweeted in 2 days bro -.-
Watch KUSI-TV (Ch. 9) at 8 am tomorrow. Live interview w/ Scripps CEO Chris Van Gorder re: the Gov's State of the State address.
RT : #Obama: "for me personally, important for me to go ahead & affirm same sex couples should be able to be married"
whoa, what the?
Check us w/ tomorrow night! Gonna be a badass night of great music!
lol right Justin !!!
Rt": if a girl sticks with you thru all the bitches, bullshit, drama and lies , that's your down ass chick. Don't fuck her over"
I do! Im already playing Hakim Warrick and Charlie Bell. What's your username?
Word! Keep in touch. I want to see that video. The song is dope.
Can't wait for this Easter meal
#WeWontWork If you're white.
Agreed. And I foresee countless uses of the words "Kennedyesque" and "boyish good looks."
My job as a video teacher makes that dream come alive a little bit.
Reading about forthcoming 'Platooning' technology for highway driving. Weird concept. Can it really be done successfully?
It was hot as HELL 2 day now it's Hail, lightning and rain surprised it's not fucking snowing Gotta be #Chicago weather... #fail <U+E04A><U+E04B><U+E40E><U+E113>
I actually watched the Wizards tonight. I just couldn't resist...
This Red velvet ice cream giving me life right now
Oh whiskey drunk!
And I just retweeted that, too.
I guess I'm not a big enough fan :/ good for us tho for having knowledge to begin with.. your quote droppin is fire
i woke up today feeling..blah.. i guess its not just me lol
Good luck #drivinglegaltoday. We hope!!
it is either the RIGHT time or the WRONG time to raise the sales tax... there are no other options...
C'on pepz f4f let me kno u followed :D I'll follow right back if u need a new follower I'm here for ya!!!
"I didnt mean to do it" (You didnt mean to do it?)
Oh! Thanks!
I'm 18 as well.
administration into the bloodstream
Totally saw you guys at the Nashville show ^-^
ready to rock'em in NY! Impressive service too!
TTU FOOTBALL: Benford to sign with Dallas Cowboys - Cookeville Herald Citizen
That doesn't sound right :s
why do i wait? why do i wait? am i plagued with the procrastination dis-ease?
& Funny Funny people!
good man yeah not so young I'm the old guy on the staff now haha...I'm good tho just keepin up with my bball news through you
Love what just said: "don't be afraid to work with a company that's smaller than your own."
Ugh , why does he always take his anger off on me ? -.- Its not my fault hes having problems .
i think it's funnier to call him, "Metta World Peace," like it's not hilarious tho lol.
can you get o sod_honeygang...
Photographed last night in Philly. amazing talent! check out her music.
#truth RT : It's a beautiful day to be born. Just ask
Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned. Harold S. Geneen
Just pulled a sideways turd out of my 3 year old son's ass crack with a Spongebob napkin. How's your Saturday going?
Exactly. Her wife was like, "baby... it's time."
RT this if you're ready to have one of the MOST EPIC FRIDAY NIGHTS IN MILWAUKEE!!!!!
It's okay dude, you don't have to kick at every dog that barks. Just an observation.
Oprah Winfrey's Next Chapter will visit Fairfield IA and the Transcendental Meditation activities there 6pm Central on OWN. Tune in.
Forensic Outline. Writer friend/lawyer gave me this term for outlining in revision. Don Sherlock hat. Detect patterns. Draw connections.
Goodnight Twitter!
excuses or legit? I'm not liking sound of it!
What does your T-shirt say? I'm with Stupid?
Beautiful people >>>
Student newspaper ran article about UNL Libraries now charging community users for checkout privileges. Waiting for fallout.
#WhatILove Spread the word!
Whoa. What did I miss?! RT : they were so buttery!
There were lots of young kids at BULLY today. Too intense for them. Many left and came back during some of the 'harsher' moments.
One Million people apply for McJobs during the fast food hiring spree. McWow!
That's cool too! Does the family still have that or is it in a museum?
thank you honey xxoo
I got that book,you got one too,you got one too,I got that book...Oh well Sorry Andre Brown
Which villains steal soap from the bath? Robber ducks.
“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger
imy too! You know I'm here for you.... Keep your head up..... Things will get better soon
#thevow right now. so sad!
happy b day buddy! you are blessed! have a great playoffs and best of luck to you the rest of the way! we love watching you
Sick babies equal broken heart.
Surprise, Surprise. Trying to get a whole bunch of shit done before I leave. *SIGH*
You were really soft on the female caller during your sand mining discussion. You must be in a really mellow mood today.
Every time I meet with a #wedding vendor I'm reminded how awesome Milwaukee's wedding scene is. Thx for the hospitality!
Cicero~ Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others.
Living in Chicago has grown on me the last few years, but I'll NEVER enjoy Len and Bob.
#np Cameras - Drake...
I'm really not up for all these depressing songs on the radio right now.
I've actually never heard that one. You must be mapping in different circles than I sometimes;)
really cool program and i enjoy watching it
Raring to go is my goal in life,not yet achieved! LOL,Soon,I will get there.Dr. sending me for Sono of Thyroid Glad,ugh
I Really Hope She Doesn't Keep Talking To Me With The Damn Utensils In My Mouth!
dude everyone tells me I look like her.
My daughter was all excited to see the moon but no. Nothing's sadder than a 4-yr-old's disappointment. Like Sophie's Choice.
#mythoughtsduringschool ... lord plz help me on this test!
Flying back to Denver today for 2 months of research.... weather permitting
I know when I am no longer welcomed...thank God for this upcoming new year and new beginnings:) Can't wait
Wanting a bigger workshop.
#honestyhour I think about the same thing every night, but still don't know what to do about it !
thanks for the retweet!
Turned on an 80's playlist & Boingo "Dead Man's Party" came on. Sad to say, but this song is such a classic to me. #80sbaby for sure!
I don't know yet! When I can maneuver well.. Haha
Like I Could Fit All That Fail in a Book
my dad is good friends with him.. lol
#linsanity turns to #linanity. I couldn't have predicted.
Exclusive announcement: The headliners at this year's InfieldFest are Maroon 5 and Wiz Khalifa!
Thanks for the lively...and the listing!
Never really wanted you to go, so many things you should've known..
All I have is a dollar and a dream.
"Courage is not the lack of fear but the ability to face it." - Lt. John B. Putnam Jr. (1921-1944)
A practical tip for building relationships with the media. Tip #6: Be a good listener when speaking with media professionals.
Whats the wrong way to love someone? Hahahaha makes sense dont it?
at 4 hurry that way I have a ride to the party and ill sleep over if you will?
BEST shortbread cookies in the universe are made by SimplyNics we bought 'em at WestWindsor FarmersMarket #ripetomato #princeton Y U M M Y
Do you know when Austin's next concerts gonna be? Because i live in UK but if its after June im moving to Indonesia! :)
Good seeing you too!
I have no idea what you're talking about...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Big UPS to everyone who had the,balls to walk tonight
They helped me get through my now ex bf from this year, cheating on me. #Love1D x
Oh NEW GIRL, I love you so.
House of Lies, Shameless & Spartacus:Vengeance - just started getting into them this season & hooked!
« Listen to the lyrics of a girl's favourite song. You will realise that the lyrics are probably how she feels.»
thanks brotha! =D wish u guys could join me!
dude you'll be the first person i tell!
If Eve was created from a rib from Adam wouldn't it be incest? Where'd everyone come from if they only had Cain & Able?
I totally agree and that's how we get more quality local restaurants in Jax.
just leave
no doubt. Getting bored too!
Always say what you feel... ALWAYS
DC: Who cares about moolee loving Michelle Rhee? She said she will be fine. Let her go! There is only one GOD!!
Just got done with CrossFit Harlem! Love!
Still up baking....600 #cakepops by Friday night!
agreed the vast majority of city employees are hard workers. I blame city leadership for not insisting on proper oversight
Lololol i bet!
RT : Just added you to my Twit list of Radio Hosts. I'd make that TOP radio hosts if I could add one more(-:
After I nabbed the only Yuri swag in the raffle this year at Con Ja Nai: Strawberry Panic keychain/cell charm set, I realized the HS kids...
This Aaron Rodgers guy is pretty good. Users doing well off of Eli Manning--Up around 100 bucks!
We need funding 700mm , no upfront fees , Executive Summary and BP on request!
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Use setting to develop character. The where & when a character is from and the where & when a character is are part of who the character is.
Gloves and Leslie brimmed hats still on sale - no coupon necessary - www.attagirlbykedrin.com
They're getting a little out of control with the flagrants this year
After ystrday's 18-6 W the #RedSox have scored 14+ runs 9 times. Meanwhile 18 teams haven't scored 10+ runs that many times.
Now that a college education costs so much can some form of open source, web-based, higher education be far behind? Just a thought.
Ok...now I'm done. Back to sports.
I'm too much of a Yankee. I couldn't bear the thought of possibly being forced to live in Cali forever. I want my freedom!
Ah, McRib. Though you may harden my arteries, there will always be a soft spot in my heart just for you!
My dreams and determination are NOT to be played with... #destinedforgreatthings!!!
1 game does not make a series, but this show the PENS have a pulse.
Sometimes when I think how good my book can be, I can hardly breathe. Truman Capote
alight I'll be in Vegas June 1st to play the re entry on the 2nd. Buying you a drink no homo.
Is there an asshole convention in town?
Happy 53th Birthday Michael Jackson. R.I.P.
Apple's big news for the day was that THE BEATLES are now available on iTunes? Really?
were bout to cook this chicken up.
The handles Open Meeting Law. Try their Public Inquiry & Assistance Center (PIAC) at 617-727-8400
#100thingsihate Fake Stuck Up Girls.
Henry James: loved to hear the clicking of keys - but may have been first case of repetive injuries
yes off work. 3 days of freedom.
Workouts + #NBAPlayoffs is hard to beat on a Saturday.
I wud freak the freak out if followd me
You can be under my umbrella that I pee on. ;)
Its getting pretty ugly outside
Always gotta keep that positive energy going.
Oh how I hate these two-day Accounting exams! Part 1 tomorrow! I hope I pass this one!!
#RHOC UM this isn't 1924. A man doesn't need 2 ask permission 2 marry daughters. Women aren't living at home until marriage anymore.
A Corporate Video Production basically covers areas like corporate communication, training and education,
I know that's a fancy cologne, but the name always makes me think of chicken parm
hey thanks, we try!
oh. Gotcha. Lol
Harvard Sq: Vanilla-Cinnamon and Blueberry-Lemon are our flavors!
so now on to mopping!!! well this is always fun. XD
Will try to find you!
Chris Benoit's story was crazy. That, plus roid rage, I can't even imagine how he functioned.
I have 3 followers now....may be time to establish a Church!
hahahah are you talking about Paige dyer? The young one? Cuz I'm talking about the older dyer. Right next to her class
EXCELLENT training this past weekend! Looking forward to putting it into practice next week! Tell everyone in LA hello!
Big day today. 1st, lunch with the producers of The Nanny, then seeing Cornell West speak. Also rehearsal for Romeo and Juliet and Institute
Tommy and the entire JFS staff wish you an enjoyable Good Friday and a happy Easter! Please join us in person soon!
Congratulations Cynthia. You're gonna rock it!
They say If you know better you do better
Oh, I can't wait for the next Hunger Games premiere, when all these actors will have bought themselves a better dress sense.
This is for the friend I will always trust and love
Dear #youporn.. I want unlimited views instead of 5 max if my acct was compromised. LOL So serious!!!
Inspired by 'Think Like A Man,' Basketball Wives Star Tami Roman Is Penning A Relationship Book. Go Tami!
I fucking love that!!!! Am gonna forward that to DL.
would you follow me.on my 16 birthday? That would be the best present!
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. - C. S. Lewis
I love the innocence of kids... I wish I could still have that
Why am I getting kicked off my bus since you didn't plan Amy relief for the driver? Bad customer service. Route 8. Bus 1216.
MARCH RADNESS TOUR BEGINS MARCH 17TH in Washington! see you there ;)
officially 29 today. WHAT.
I'm so cold omg
lol that lay up was funny tho
François Chidaine, a leader in Loire viticulture, has resigned from InterLoire's claiming they are incompetent and bureaucratic Via Decanter
Our new president Lou started a school in the Congo for underpriviledged children. You can learn more about the school at EduCongo.com
Mega-stars should take the Derek Jeter approach. Bang 'em all. Settle with none. Lest anyone learned from McNair.
I need batteries and file folders, please excuse me while I go geek out at Staples....
Early to rise... Early to seize the day!
Been in love 3yearz nw...Watx next for us?
Thanks! I can't WAIT!! I'll be sure to tweet you from her. I wonder if it will come through high resolution on your end? ;)
Will a tablet version be available in the future?
36 more :D
i guess they let anyone on twitter thses days lmao jk
thanks for allowing us to be a part of the festivities. A great time was had by all....
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James Whistler Hope you enjoyed your Labor Day, have a great evening!
record gotta have it nigga
Did this nigga really say that...
Love hard. dont hold back
good luck! Make me proud ;)
I promise!
Amen! RT: Pls pls pls pls don't make this shooting at #WPIC a sensational story about mental health facilities.
U got the kinda hooks I want following me everywhere I go...love your joints!
What playground? So cool!
What?!! I can't believe it!!!
I like it when you start the conversation sometimes..it makes me feel like you actually want to talk to me.
MT : MT Mark your calendar for this Thurs. 5/10 for at 7:00p.m. on We're featured!
(thanks guys!) Trying like crazy to get the word out!
RT Congratulations to all the graduates!!! May your futures be bright!
BEAUTIFUL MAN. “: Philadelphia trifecta!!!!!!!”
#HowToPissAFemaleOff call her a broke ass bitch
Yeah Jeff! Glad to hear you're supporting it. You're a rock star. Now, we just need 99,000 more people to become producers!
RG is the host of Red Sox Alley. You started Red Sox Alley on Social Media. Many thanks!
I'm startin high school next year ah!
INCREDIBLE HULK still has some of my favorite CGI ever. Incredible directing and actioner set pieces. 3.5 out of 4 stars.
Happy Early Birthday :D
are you serious? mine was over $400!
had an awesome birthday yesterday. Got a nice surprise for dinner last night, homemade chicken and dumplings. YUMMY!!
Cocky ass guys -.-t
RT : RT : Happy Birthday Gaga. Like everything else you've done, Madonna already turned 26 in the 80s.
I know I looked good last night but you can't have me. It's not my fault that I'm sexually attractive.
ahaha i do what i want. heres ya lunch
came for the PR wisdom, stayed for the Olympics?
thanks man!
"You are the only person I have ever loved that wasn't family" oh my God, I just melted inside :')
swear that's real. I didn't touch the edit
Is there a twitter account for Red Vines? I would like to keep up with the things that matter to me -- red vines.
We should find Terry and have drinks soon!!
Everybody get your brooms ready cuz we about to SWEEP the garden...LET'S GO HEAT!!
Yaaay(: followed my Instagram ! That made my day !!
you gonna get that blog going again!?
Cavs finally gets a win
Official Trailer release for Indie Feature Film "PRIVACY": via
Thank you! We recently launched it. RT : Thank you for the follow! BTW I like the 'zen' feel of your website. Cheers!
RT RT Workaholic by day. Alcoholic by night.
Ha, I agree! Adding "ista" makes everything savvier, not to mention...cuter. :)
I want to take a nap in my hot tub.
maybe a common.css with as few others as possible?
so you don't answer mine either <.<
Kush Arora is a good friend, if I can help I will :) Happy New Year!
RT : Holy cow Brady Heslip is going OFF! Just drilled his eighth three for Baylor. Bears up 66-60 with 6:41 to go.
Giants Won
How would I be surprised. I've been in great fests & horrible fests. I know what it is like. Can still make it worthwhile.
subway bullshit food
what music are you listening to at the moment?
I was drinking on some very strong rum. I stopped awhile ago but it was horrible
One must say what needs to be said. No less, no more – these are equally important.
Man who could have seen this coming??
These DC broads act like TN chics ain't got NO swag... Every time I tell em where I'm from they say "4real?" yeah bitch, FORREAL
I work/live on deadlines
Spring break last week was enjoyable. Quilted, read a lot of books, and really enjoyed all the time with my girls. Back to schoolwork today.
I really hope today's better.
My day would be complete fi followed me I love her!!
off to school! :) haa
Keep showing #Rory implode. Who doesn't love a great train wreck?!?!
i can be as ghetto as i want okay YOU AREN'T MY MOTHER. <3
EASILY better than Heat rivalry games...the Heat don't have tradition with a rival inside the division..just knicks
lol Yup, good times good times...best years of our lives right haha...also trying to adapt an old ff story I did and never
Expect the worst but hope for the best
I said awesome twice. but, yeah. it's true.
Agreed! Corruption with #gop2012 - But Texas READY 4 em! Bring it
Its time to go up north
It's my story and I'm sticking with it.
#holytaleto you know it ;)
I'm the worst at remembering to zip my bookbag.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE EXCELENTE!!
So much for building a student section...
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. -Sam Keen, from To Love and Be Loved
Have a really good feeling bout this show at hi-dive tonight! New album is up for 5 bones. Treat yrself
I could watch #thebigbangtheory all day long
Cody i can't wait till the #Waiting4UTour!! Its going to be so Amazing! :)...
fuck minimum wage me and my Boy Blaylock out here gettin paid
I have to agree with mom lol
RT : Thinking of throwing an Apocalypse Studies conference—consider this a call for papers.
Looks like a solid show. I'll watch in the morning.
Father's Day is Sunday, June 19. Great gift selections from J. S Edwards! Free gift wrapping!
I am segouy!!! The picture looks great! Did you have fun?
we don't appreciate you retweeting so many times!
#ItsCrazyHow someone becomes the person they said they wouldn't
Bianca's grandma is awesome :D!
Falk says a referendum would need public support, solicits public input on the option.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The first decade of the 21st century should be referred to as the __________ decade.
TOPYX eLearning software offers free customer service
Ugly weekend. It's been raining on and off since early Friday morning, and I haven't seen the sun.
great logo!
Hm. Playing one of the nicest bars in philly tonight, on break, and my ipod shuffle chooses the hulksters theme music. Keepin it classy.
serious or sarcastic?
"can I get any sauces for you?" "um, som- HONEY MUSTARD , raNCH OH! And BBQ
Spoon - Written in Reverse - 05:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
You can't live a positive life, with a negative mind.
Preparing for HRTech. CAPTure 3.3 including rich internet application BI suite will be unveiled. Workforce Planning transformation
Apparently Bach drew a sword on one of his students after his student slapped him in the face
faces in the crowd this weekend included former Yanks manager, now exec Joe Torre. Another Brooklyn success story just like our "Coach"
Im up early shacking the hell out of these shack weights arms ready to knoke a bitch out! TRY ME.
GAH People are ALWAYS giving animals away around here. Cats, Dogs. ALWAYS. xD
My Whole Team Ball .. No NBA ! .. It's Just What We Know.. It's In Our DNA !
someones bumping 's wmyb down the street! so tempted to go and yell "IN BETWEENERS DANCE GO!!" HAHHAAHHA
'Turn off your email alerts' Shout out to from
DM me please :)
tear shit up... get all types of high...
Our soap is handmade and has no preservatives, animal products, or petroleum products.
- YES I BELIEVE THERE IS.
stalkers! We had a great time! Great to see you!!
thanks for tweeting about 's foreclosure story. Shocking!
The searcj button fell off my phone.
Join me (Erica) for lunch at 4 Star Restaurant in #Weston! Shawn will not be attending today but I would enjoy getting to know you! 11:30!
When did Niall come to my house? my fridge is empty.
Girl, come here..
One man said it wasgetting towards the long days and the short nights now
These Animal Cookies >>>
Bout to unload at !!!
. Let Mhe Find Out He Sleep !!
your twitter feed makes me wish I wrote fantasy. The humorous quips seem to fit much more easily :-)
wait what? i wasnt in never say never! where did you hear that? lol
Thanks for the RT! Yeah, he's killing it, he was just on The Mentalist last week
your stuff looks awesome! good luck to you guys and your clothing co! (: xoxo
Being a bullpen catcher is not necessarily the path to get a statue. Back in my day we wore red & had real bulls in there too.
yes she is ;)
how is it a waste of time ?!
thx for the tweet, matt!
Very cool doodle today
“ Presenting tonight's game ball... D-Rose”
in all honesty I don't see what a picture of your pet donkey has anything to do with dignity anyways...
Im closing my eyeballs girl. Cause this could hurt! XD Where did Tommy Boy go? cause he may have a issue here girly!
Shame on the moderator for making the panelists have to provide background and information on the subject at hand!
YHU or the word love. My sister has 3 and they are a ll beautiful!
I'll never understand his choice in wives
You know my name not my story...
Our kids didn't have any snow days this year; they get out on May 23!
Follow me if you wish to be/ if you are 18+
What are all the singles doing tonight??
We give away a prize each month for our photo contest... This month's theme is "Naught with a Toy". How naughty are you?
okay :) you can come up here and stay with me in the burg :)
way awesome. #solidarity!
MT : Did u buy your tkts yet for Edwards luncheon (w/Susan Cooper) & Printz reception (w/ et al)?
Merry Christmas to all!
congrats again. Enjoy ur weekend
Do you care what Stern has to say about Paterno? I don't.
They are messy tho.
YOU WENT BOWLING WITHOUT ME?!?!?
drinking! What about you?
A reminder if perchance students are following me... CHOIR'S WIZARD OF OZ PERMISSION SLIPS ARE DUE TOMORROW.
Quoting the Wrong lyrics <<<<<<
#CalebHanie now has a chance to get his QB rating out of the single-digits. Goal: mid-30's.
How 'bout the model that walked into the prop of a plane. I'm sorry. Natural selection still has a place in this world!
Learning about the distributive property of rational expressions with
Harry - "What's the funniest thing that's happened to us on the X Factor?" Louis - "I broke a pencil in half HAHAHA!" xx
I love when my across the hall neighbors are blasting Jerry Springer. Always classy.
great running into you tonight bro. It's an honor to know you and being followed by you good sir!
Goth Kid to Stan: "If u want to be 1 of the nonconformists all u have to do is dress just like us & listen to the same music we do"
no way ben couldn't have
Get on my GUESTLIST for ibiza free entry by sending full names to 202-200-7627
Embarrassingly so. Being on chrome for 5 minutes has already made me regret my past poor choice.
i am finding it hard to believe you are becoming a bitch!
You apparently didn't get enough lard in your system. That usually helps lube the insides.
It was pretty epic! I especially loved the outfits and your wife trying to figure out how to turn off the camera at the end! :o)
: We're happy to spread the word about the good things other #MKE non profits are doing for our community!
If the Chargers win, we get the Village Voice/NYT and the SD Reader (and its staff) and the UT get sent to NYC.
re: "we." It's also one of the quickest ways to get rejected as a writer/FC on Bleacher Report. Hate. It.
“No matter how carefully you choose your words, they’ll always end up being twisted by others
Reggie love was excited to tell me about his amazon- bought pocket square
When you try hard, thats when you die hard...
So turns out the creators of the chive are from bishop dwenger
Better B...
And were you not the first, m'Lord?
. Conference is today! Learn about how the #nextgen is changing #philanthropy! Can't wait to see all of you there!
I was thinking on going to canada to see you guys, but because i'm from boston I'm afraid of what will happen. :/
4/20 is just another date for me. Sorry.
Onward. It's Maryland then...
youll love it girl !
Depends. Is it the final product?
: Thank you, a sad story & hard to write.
Do I need to go back to college to figure out Instagram or what?
If you retweet someone and you don't have any followers yet, did it really get retweeted?
I'm done with my taxes! I can drink now right? No? I have to mow before it rains? *shrug* Guess I'll wait for at 8pm
. absolutely wrong venue. I'd hate to see someone post something embarrising on twitter.
Thank YOU for coming to the #HAchat! Love to hearing your perspectives :)
If anybody in memphis knows roy hughes tell him to put his stalkin ass broad on a leesh! I'm finished wit her! Cap wasnt that good anyway!
Vory's lot directly across from us is very expensive hourly. Use the one just north of it instead $5 all day, exact change.
Missed that section, but it makes sense especially for a strong mayor.
Lol, it'll be hell for twitter, i betcha they wont be able to keep up with all the foolishness we have to share with people,lol
Going to watch Les Miserables touring off Broadway in Jacksonville next month!!!!! AH!!!!
What's #køllerbøller?
If a Monk & a Samurai were to collab on music... that is SolStar!! OMMMMM Chopp!
Was sound asleep till tweeted and woke me up at 4:55 in the morning so now I'm bored as hell gonna listen to his music
lmao I'm so sad I couldn't be there :( I gladly accept them in my failure. Haha.
Oh man! The heat is on, now!
It's the honeybadger of FX crosses.
noo she's a walking glob of death
Must. Sleep. Now!
#wordstodescribeme shy. awkward. happy?
#RIPTROYDAVIS Everybody needs to stand up for what is right!May God Bless his Soul and pray for his family We Need A Better Justice system!
Tonight see the Boston premiere of FATHER'S DAY at the Coolidge Corner theater. Hosted by Lloyd Kaufman!
I love the way he plays his guitar damn got me feeling sum type of way, been thinking bout u all day
ANGEL MARIE CARTER !!! YOUR SO DEAD WHEN I SEE YOU THIS WEEKEND !!!!
bc I said no when she asked if she could bring her bestfiend to my birthday party .
"It was our favorite part of the day, this in-between time, and it always seemed to last longer than it should-...
To be fair, he didn't yell. He was actually very kind and convincing. Clearly I feel awful lol
hahaha so glad I was there to see that...AND get beer sprayed all over me.
suggestions for great brunch?
Unfortunately not.
Dear freshman kid with a raging boner about getting into a frat.
ur a taco tuesday too? hells ya :)
"You need to change Angry Tweeting into Happy Singing!". Sing your lungs out !!
Why am I in this inexplicably long line for Tartine? Because it's Mother's Day. Otherwise, oh hell no. (How tough is it to bag a pastry?)
kindle version is more $ than paperback #throughthelookingglass “: Thinking it's time to re-read Made to Stick ://t.co/SjSwn6kY”
awesome job. You guys have been on a roll the last few weeks.
"Libraries no matter what the size can be innovative community centers," Julie Hidebrand, Independence Public Library
omg sacha baron cohen has a beautiful accent and i think he's attractive judge me.
Wait - retracting Lleinenkugel decision until further notice. and I are horrible about making decisions
fest.. All Access bands rock! :)
i'd call that 50 points! esp. if ice cream contains chocolate.
Taking a shower in clothes that need to be washed > using bathtub as a makeshift washing machine > washing clothes in sink w/ dish soap.
Hope I'm in that 18! You'll announce the correct answer, right?
Today, we are looking forward to celebrating the successes of the 2011-12 campaign at our Celebration of Excellence awards at the Ohio...
That's my pal Jessi. Looking forward to this! :)
Sunday is #EarthDay. Tell us how your law practice gives back to the environment!
I love be connected to like minded strong females.... Lets continue to make it happen ladies show them how its done.... LOL!
RT : Something Real > Something Perfect
PR: Cartoon Network Celebrates Summer at Atlantis from May 25 - September 3, 2012 - Toon Zone
A little change is fun. I'm rooting for the beard.
I can't stand Bandwagon Falcon fans or doubters!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>either you're with us or you're not!!! IF YOU'RE NOT SURE KICK ROCKS WE DON'T NEED U!
I love that i keep seeing in these camera shots
Forreal that sounds good right now
I'll pretend i didnt see the first tweet! hahaha ;) Vanilla Ice E? Really?
nice to meet and pig out with you yesterday man.
“: it doesn't matter where I live, I can tell you where my heart is” don't get sappy on me now, baby
#MyFriendsAlways make me smile:)
changed the picture again.... do i look like mikayla? :P
Why does the unlocked version of the phone I want have to be 700 dollars?
Come check out free books from indie authors at www.genrebuds.com
Would anyone be so kind as to drop off some Jose Cuervo at the South Gate? Tell the guard it's for "Scout", he'll know what to do...
I think you'd like to know that I have 2 sons. One is named Simba and the other Gob.
ALEX IT WON'T LET ME WATCH YOUR KEEK ! );
And we've just been informed our flight crew goes illegal in less than 2 hours. Please, god, get us out of here before then.
Done. Thanks for the heads up.
get naked and show me what you got gurllll.
Mine were so good I sold them.....I still have a few.
Thanks!!! :) :) “: one macaron is about 150calories....so...maybe 20 minutes to burn?”
For some reason I'm glad is "odd day"
app looks awesome - please share a writeup of the design process at a conference - this is good stuff!
RT : RT : If two past lovers can remain friends, either they never were in love or they still are.
#DentalTip: A simple way to help rid of odor-causing bacteria on the tongue is to brush it with toothpaste.
i am great and right now in colorado how about you? You speak spanish?
Don't be retarded.
Me & my brozzive headin to LIPS LOUNGE!!! Stoked the full band is playin again!!!!
I go round thinking in the no 1 fan but then I bet that there is loads of people out there the same<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><U+2764>sad times
Random News: Race 2 is Projected to Begin Filming in August!
So when justin is lost and is tired when justin is broken in to let our love take you higher cause Beliebers Turn To Justin
They say the first love is the sweetest but the first cut is the deepest.
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when he's singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" lmao
How about a spring wreath made out of stale peeps? Those things are indestructible; they could withstand any storm.
I love how every Latin woman is convinced she is the worlds greatest dancer.
There is just no Perfect Crime .
this is around the time where i would get up..
thanks Chris!
I just wish there was a way to shut off the Pine tree pollen
My knees hurt so bad right now. I need to get them checked out.
Just saw that the could be going out of business!?!?!! #no <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
David Cuillier of natl SPJ speaking on how to get open records from gov officials for journalism. #SPJR9 conference.
come back to lbk!!!
I wish I could have someone that can hold me in school. :(
who is the person who ur are talking about who who
done deal and I will buy for you and your boys if they are playing.
Went to Anderson, good impression so far..... 30 hours from heading to Kentucky need to get away! Drama is killing me!
Aw girlfriend by nicki minaj came on :')
Remember John Bluford's speech in Atlanta? He said Hospitals should have signs that read "Stay healthy so you can KEEP OUT!"
I love listening to my room mate fight with her mom on the phone.
Amusing casting post of the day: Chubby Armed - Small Baby Like Fingers
Guilty. I humbly ask for lenience from the magistrate. How was Dallas?
Ultimately our goal is to have 55% of Americans holding a college degree by 2025. #BigFuture will play a part - Pres. Caperton
sure Is ;) #hatersgonnahate #MahomiesGonnaLove motto for life :)
SHOUT OUT TO MY BRU Goldo Quintero Dallas HOMEINVASION RECORDS THIS SUMMER GOT ALOTA MOVES BEING MADE ,
I feel like i've just had my last meal and i'm ready to go to the electric chair. Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
stream ur marathon!
Daughter was up all night playing on the computer. Guess it's time to setup the time restrictions on the router.
Almost all hoops here but nice wins today for Transy soccer M & W. HCAC Champions again. TU Volleyball hosts final game tomorrow at 1 pm.
Still time to make it to the Wynn to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15).Register until 1:40 pm.
...search for the final resting place of the Ark of the Covenant.
I'd hear footsteps at 1st haunted building I worked in, as well as hearing voices once in a very much empty room. (1/1)
flesh eating bacteria ?!? the world IS ending.
but the "pixel density" would still be too low to be retina display would it not?
OFFENSIVE FOUL!
Night in with Mom. Making difficult decisions("Do I start her off with 'Wives and Daughters' or 'Downton Abbey'?") and eating roast chicken.
Shake That Rat- Nick Lowe starting out the day.
Just hit u homie.
Thanks so much-- just trying to meet new friends!
ah gurlll you can come hang whenevs! You shuda came to the video shoot! You'd prolly be sick of the new stuff by now ha
the ting tings will be in b'more 4/14, tickets $25. their other show the thurs before is sold out.
Any big plans for the weekend?
where is the discussion of 'musical consciousness'??
my eyes are stinging and i have a fucking massive head ache and i feel sick.
China town special. Did you ever comeup with anything for a sock for your amazing beauty dish. I built one and it's awesome :)
Aaron Rodgers RT : Who should've been ranked higher in the #NFLTop100: Rivers or Vick?
#TheLuckyOne hearing a lot about it. I'll wait to hear about it 1st:-)
Best part of #WM28 yelling IT'S REAL!!!
It is musical request day at Lost World. #NowPlaying Ninja Rap
Daughter: what's that weird sound in the other room? Me: a typewriter. Daughter: that's what they sound like?
(this goes wid my last twet to u) keep up the good singing, your OFF THE TOP :) your an AMAZING singer <3
All in party at the fieldhouse #big blue
I got chu. We never chilled or nothing like. The fuck
government cheese is held up as a standard of American cheese. We got it once because my dad worked for the city. Yummy.
I looked up SGP and it supposedly stood for "Smart Girl Politics". Not sure why is using it.
Best parts were the performances, Soul Train lines, and the guys dressed up with canes as their lady danced around them.
Whats the best hotel in the twin cities minneapolis? Help me out somebody....
Gotta go smoke
Happy birthday celebration for = tons of fun!!!
Hearing #VinScully doing the commentary for this game is making me look forward to this season that much more.
Where is the nice weather
There was this picture... and ... James' smile... I swear, I've never seen him smile like that. Omg. He loves ...
I like how when asked if the Lakers can guard the Thunder Kobe said "no". Where's your messiah now Laker fans?
looks like you may be running iOS5.Since its currently in beta we haven't optimized for it.We'll have an updte once its out ofbeta
Unruly Music festival countdown 9: intermedia performance of Cage's Song Books (voice, theater, and dance with live electronics) on March 9.
i wish i liked running.. but i definitely don't! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
{ Evening Classes } Group Reformer and PULSE: 5:30, Group Reformer and Mat Class: 6:30, Yin Release: 7:30
Whom do I know who'll be at Union Square at 4pm today?
Why? So I can be more depressed. He doesn't know how I feel. Everytime I talk to him, It reminds me of what a terrible
As Winston Churchill once said, "Superstition ain't the way"
best show ever!!!!
do you like one direction AND Cher...?! Haha
Monica Taylor & Ernie Zuniga from Fox 29 are great MCs w/ personal connections to
Whoo Hoo! Become the Mayor and you can have a "Fill to this Line with Margaritas" t-shirt.
So #crunchies is kind of a zoo!
Pandora is weird -laughs-
I <3 Sass. What's that? You want something to have the same style as another but with one minor change? Sure! FTW!
You could catch on fire and take out the whole back yard!
I love you.
I don't use it myself, but I've set it up for clients.
Will optimism replace pessimism if my #Twins take the series against the #Rangers this wknd?
I'm Smoking On The Best...#IFeelItInMyChest!!
I believe you were in our list of suggested contacts.
You might be a redneck if you've ever used the stove to light your cigarette.
Yes IM not doin TOO good right NOW
The current version of Google Chrome is six times faster than its original beta.
Why does your mattress use computers?
congrats on approaching the finish line!
Growing @ same rate now? Or slower/faster? RT : #FoodRevolution Day fact - Worldwide, obesity has more than doubled since 1980
me too
1179-You have amazing eyes(: I'll ship yuu with Harry Styles.
is there a hashtag for the att & hackathon, if not how about
Is it really ASS? HAHA XD !!!!
I am so happy that school is about to end (:
hahahahahahahaha it's fine!
Please RT- Time to come together as players & industry to show the world that poker is a game of skill & we have written rules www.fidpa.com
Happy Friday! A quiet weekend around here, should be a really nice time for those joining us. New Menu in George's is getting closer!
There needs to be a 5 second warning when showing unexpected commercials of surgeries for smokers. I'm all for education, but
. anyone can write a tweet. buyers are looking for deeper content and bigger answers, yes.
nice job w/updates. Why do they clear arena? For cleaning or to sell more tix?
Heyy 610 turn down the tunes, but like really..
So ga
i have to admit i feel pretty stupid watching dance tutorial videos on youtube but they sure work :)
yeah and its okayy
Lisa’s Dance Studio performs at Downtown Disney
feeling pretty loved with the 800th tweet representation, woowoo!
We've had a great first year, with many #BESTBOOK selections.
If they act a fool then they point fingers at you because they think everyone acts like they do
thanks for the RT
"Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success." ---Dr. Joyce Brothers
We have ur back in Seattle all the way. U inspire me with ur talent & strong spirit. Keeping strong & rock it hollie style.
Happy Valentine's Day!!
thinking of a masterplan
Good to see Matt Ryan is still terrible in January. Where is Joe Flacco when you need him?
Shit or get off the pot.
Fired up for my 1st game of the season with , & Janelle !
And a trip to Minnesota?
goodluck in the World Series! Take 2 and Hit to Right!
Game Night react starts in less than 15 min!
we will have to catch a class together next week. So proud of you and your new biz adventure!
this #planking shit is getting out of control
6 DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY !
Happy Birthday Mark Hatley!
love the #Ohio shout out! I went to school so close to Summit county & never knew the background of the name! Interesting!
AW abs love kimmy and lucas
thats soft white label oldspice or die
I painted my boyfriends nails c:
RT : Fill in the blank... Since going on a gluten-free diet I feel more energetic!
footballs just been crazy! We're going to state though :)
His first book aside, I find Bourdain insufferably arrogant & narcissistic. Too famous, too fast.
We hosting the first round of region tomorrow at 6:30!! Everybody come put and show support, we won't disappoint.
Still got cards you gave us in my diaper bag! Lol. We will come back soon to hang out.
The rythm is gonna get Jules:)
Or does it seem like only yesterday?
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Dude, I know us Americans over a dozen stone are always hungry.
hope u be safe
I wont let my future be destroyed by your past, how could you be stuck to someone who never loved you back.
Nice to see you today at Northstar. Remembered "Radioactive" later, the green and yellow cover.
"talking to girls is easy, they'll tell you everything"
Do you feel that health workers are adequately trained in your country to address the rights and specific needs of older people?
Sunset behind the palm trees Friday night in Las Vegas!
I swear I need a new computer...all this social networking, tweeting, facebooking-my PC can't keep up!
Have I Ever Told You I Love You Like Woah?!
BREAKING NEWS: Colts Coach Jim Caldwell is out!
So I just took my 54 min, shampoo hair check, facial and hand masque check, now to twist these dreads.
Frances Myers just WON a FREE family admission pass to the NW Kids & Family Fest. www.kuik.com
ha text me!
I Want To Win at Everything!!
Thx will check you all out!
IS NICE!!!
The Pacquiao incident with the Grove may be the strongest tell yet that Caruso is thinking about running.
Some day I will realize that coffee should not be consumed like water, but today is not that day.
not a shop owner but a biz owner! Personal Stylist. For a RT, I'll give your followers 15% off a session booked by 6/1! ;)
Two shoots today. During set up I'm going to hop in front of the green screen and fly with Santa in post production. Whew!
Muscle Gaining Secrets Review of Jason Ferruggia's Workout Revealed - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
She looks beautiful. Love the gown!
Whoa I never meant to brag, But I got him where I want him now, Whoa it was never my intention to brag, To steal it all away from you now <3
Mobile / iPhone. I know, Android is up and coming now ;)
That's a tough decision. I just went from the Droid 3 to the iPhone 4s and am loving it :)
Thank goodness for #Milwaukee's brave #FireFighters. These guys raced through my yard and extinguished a car fire near my home.
I need to go to fb rehab....is this it?
- Your Axelrod / next episode joint set it off for midnight / 4:20.
Busche & Bowyer battling it out NASCAR World Camping Truck Series
Can campaigns driven by social media scale in the global south? Do we have the means to transcend the divide?
Guest lecturing at Penn State Erie today!
Confession: I absolutely love & look forward to those sweetest of moments where my heart fills up w/ joy & my face lights up w/ a smile! :-)
Listening to Mad Dog. I love the new show. He'll do great on his own. But what about Mike?
the full url for that story: bbc.in/ntwyr3
Saw my first Junko. Welcome, winter.
you bastard ! -____-
Well let's run down the list in SD: Prop A, Prop D, Zapf, Alvarez, etc...in SD the further from the union in 2010 the better.
Buenos Dias :) You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
Blah long day
great job on the new tracks bro. Been playing the crap outta them.
ABSOLUTELY! Great JOB #GRIZZNATION #BelieveMemphis I BELIEVE!!!
Finley is a drop guy That guy needs glasses or something.I would rather we put Nelson at TE,lol
ahh! Well it'll happen soon.
this restaurant brings back alot of memories!
Thanks dude!
Thanks for following Peyton If you're a golfer check out our charity golf outing information
Living life at Jazzbah!!!
Three things..1. These errors need to stop. 2. The Yankees can blow me. 3. The strike zone is some BULLSHIT.
I actually had to put on pants for this though. -_-
You know that scene in a movie where the schlub is standing on a streetcorner and a bus drives by and sprays his whole body with water & ...
#20ThingsAboutMe I cant wait to be a UofL cheerleader.
I love going downhill and taking my foot off the pedal! :)
why is pi squared?
Desire is possibility seeking expression or function seeking performance.
Most of my data sets are dozens or hundreds of nodes. Rarely more than 10K (have one now > 400K). Excel now edits 2M rows
i see every tweet 2nite is going to be about #dwts, perfect time to call it a night...
i can send him a DM asking him to follow you :) he won't probably see it.... but i'll do my best :D
Ah! Look at how big your tummy is getting! I miss you too!
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 536. 536 calories burned.
is funny how you equate the stupidity and lack of vision of others as a lack of athletic ability on Jeremy Lin's part...
This dude apparently is a rapist?
March of Dogs - Sum 41
anything particular you looking or just general
It's time for to pull the trigger. show the world why you were a first round pick tonight.
It's that time when taxpayers play the NCAA bracket & the tax bracket.& @ times the latter comes @ the cost of liberty
Thanks for the follow Juan!
there's that box of candy bars over there... I kid, I kid
I feel bad within the first 4 days i almost have 400 followers !! but im not on twitter alot! i promise i will shoutouts anyone ?
Mark those calendars for an upcoming exhibition with the LVCVA for our 60th anniversary! April FF, reception to follow on the 7th.
My sister is on a website where u type in 2 names & it tells u ur baby&she typed in riley webb&loui tomlinson&the babys fav food is carrots!
I thought this said, "check her out in Costco"
Is there not a Rutgers chapter of the Progressive Librarians' Guild?
Bought to watch #21jumpstreet cause I can't sleep
Q7) How do I get started with a social media management tool and what if I make a mistake?
Thanks brother!
Ill be up up and away, cause in the end they gunna judge me anyway
Love's freedom is its charm.
hahaha I have so many..
i hate sending someone a wromg text -.-
Any big plans for your Birthday?
Any suggestions on using my free ad money?
Much appreciated my friend! RT : Standing O for ...outstanding job bruh
UFC without just isn't the same. Anik does great. But shit
“: when your coach texts you and tells you that you have practice a few hours before. #softballprobz” OUR COACH!
why did you get sent so far? Should be in fort atkinson. That's where the action is.
Yeah you freakin better
what's a hope wheel?
Mom already has a favorite from <3 My Mom is a fan. And I thought she wasn't cool(:
who's gonna be in the D for the super B. I AM..duh I live here...mayne hold up.
where u ay tonight fool
Idaho: Smokers have taken their last puffs inside Boise's bars, with new laws that took effect Monday snuffing out smoking in city bars,...
I am deep purple, smell of violets, and black fruits, have ripe tannins and moderate acidity and a chocolatey finish. What wine am I?
Uh oh, Brandon Jennings is trending on twitter....I for see his future in Milwaukee to be shorter.
You should check out for a great Tumblr w/ Maryland Historical Society photos.
Happy New Year !!!! Hoping 2012 brings it all to everyone !!!!!
Hey thanks! Congratulations to you!
who's pitching for us?
ah it didn't make me happy, but he didn't mean to.
A bit brisk out there this morning. At least there should be heat in the car on the drive down to Urbana.
heck yes...you have a spot
I don't recall I got kids
I definitely approve of that idea.
They lie about the benefits of hosting it. Not so here in NYC. No one wanted it except Bloomberg and his 2 best friends.
I am in an airport... No tax I guess.
Yeah I know. I didn't want to repeat "league" twice in my tweet :-)
Get Outta Here! congrats
The one about Jack & Diane? Of a lovely lady? Or the one that's sad but true? RT : Tell me a story...
4,421 US Troops were killed in the Iraq War in the last 8 years. God Bless our Troops and their families for such a sacrifice... Sigma out
Luv Toys 4 Tots but can't help wonder what about at-risk teens? Their parents don't get them anything & they're still kids in many ways!
That's the part some people don't get. Gomez did it right, right on his ass, sends message w/o aiming to injure.
going to pick up my dress! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
No! I bought some extra Hot Tamales to eat as well...
please im begging you #1DMix933 <3
Thanks for the follow! Love Pittsburgh. . .want to visit again soon!
What is even more strange about birds in arena...is that I just had follow me on Twitter!
I am going to get you a green shirt XD
#digitizing 25k images for "Rock n' Roll, Counterculture, Peace & Protest" project Browne Popular Culture Library
Thanks to all who came out to support last Wednesday's Mingus Awareness Project! Audio at www.mingusawarenessproject.org
Go for it. Nix that worry wart Virgo mind. You have nothing to lose but your fear. And everything to gain right now :)
The session is kicking off now with a tasty version of Green Dolphin Street - come join us until 9:30pm!
Your appearance..our passion - #shirtguydirect - Check us on the web - we are a full service uniform, embroidery, and printing company.
School now.... Only 7 more days after today! #SummerOf2012 <U+2665>
Cody's Punk'd episode was supposed to air tomorrow but Matt said its moved to next week
Doors are now open! We are really excited to be working with our Field of Dreams volunteers!
#InAGhettoHousehold they sleep on a bed with no bed frame
I only have 140 characters! Sheesh! =)
Just had a shower at the Y in Waukegan. Thanks #YMCA ! Shower feels great after 150 miles run.
I'm feeling more whoreish than usual today. Guess I should do something about it.
because of the 18% tax increase in property taxes his mortgage went > $180 + 35 for reserves bank has added He says "Run Warren we need u"
Macbeth essay = 6 pages, 7 paragraphs and around 1700 words. Watch my teacher give me a 'F'
Thanks! I did that and am still getting calls but i redid it today. Is there an app that blocks them?
Good morning.
Clippers are still fun to watch. Ton of talent and Blake Griffin is potential savior.
Serious!!! Mark Gonzales even tweeted it out!
"Smart VC's don't push Angels aside" Catherine Mott
Don't remember saying that, But I often forget! Wasnt invited last year either.. Great chance 2have fun challenge myself now.
lets go united lets go united lets go united lets go united
Super excited for my sister's law school graduation!! She makes me so proud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
yech. we had major repairs on ours last summer; just had them out on Sat for cleaning, too.
I'd send back for help but the wifi on the ascent is garbage!
photo shoot today with our Dec "Model of the Month" - Michelle Leigh and the new shirts from Bobby Dale and his sponsor!
Bringing the #GradyWhite home in two weeks!! Can't wait for
Am I hearing a storm siren?
Great donor luncheon today with Barry Alvarez, Tom Osborne, and Thanks Coaches! On, Wisconsin!
If this is the Earthquake that I think it is, would you PLEASE sToP using the N word Ni**a/Ni**er?
Operation: Education Uptown, Week Four. Tomorrow 7:30 pm. Where will you stand?
Learn somethin new everyday
Hello to all my recent followers!
Intermission. Amending previous:
Be sure to cheer for my Lady Vols, ok!
Hates u Far More Then U Will Ever Know!
RT : “: "Market to teens as if they're in college; Tweens as if teens." #PLA12”
Giving is so much better than receiving. I just got great news.I can't say much yet but I promise-more to come.
A lot. An enormous distinction here.
BALLOON BAZOOKAS AND WATER BALLOON LAUNCHERS are here only at FLIPCUPS.com. WHY SHOP ANYWHERE ELSE????????
I dislike trying to find new places alone without a car. And the bus... Is empty.
don't we all know it! And thx for rt :)
Andy beat Aaron Rodgers butt and now controls the Championship belt #shawfacts @ csnchicago
should not be out at the bar, but somehow is anyway.
Dan fagin, NYU. It's foolish to ignore criticism that is at least in part fact-based. Engaged criticism helps us
After five years, finally done with Mastronarde's _Introduction to Attic Greek_.
Agree! But lets protect the 'job creators'. WHAT?? What jobs??!!
I would love the feeling of your tongue between my toes right about now. Screw this class.
ur gonna loose ur track receiving privileges
Cully market is open. We've got lots of goodies and iced tea and coffee. Ne 42 and killingsworth.
12 by 12 Campaign: Uruguay First Country to Ratify C189
Is it just me or do people seem extra drunk tonight?
What's going on for New Years?
makes an appearance with "RaveNRoll"
is mt chloe pic just so cute chloe is so nice and kind i wish everyone was like chloe
Damn our scrub team is doin better than the starters (minus Kobe)
Highly recommends Seth Grahame-Smith’s Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
My real name is Greta. Nice to meet you, Melody. :)
Hahaha if I apologize will you accept ??
Waiting in the lobby as usual to go to the warped grounds! Utah I hope your ready to dance your faces off! 3:20 Skull Candy stage =)
you should follow me for my birthday thats on sunday! ;D
I miss you!
Khalessi is the hottest
Love is a butterfly, which when pursued is just beyond your grasp, butrnif you will sit down quietly it may alight upon you.
really didn't want to, but work is driving me towards a pretty out of control weekend. Sorry in advance
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our foodie friends and family :-)
LOL, You already know!!!!
30 mins until my Teach 4 America phone interview. I'm so nervous. :-)
It is much more entertaining to watch the WNBA finals instead of the Angels and BoSox. I can't believe I am thinking that.
I don't want this night to end. But I got ladies that want to see me tomorrow.
Ok learnings done for the moment. Time to relax and enjoy my life.
yeaa. It was weird & crazy
#FF Thanks for following! You're all darbs!
I'm writing from Afar magazine in San Fran CA and looking for great shots of the Carsick Cars to run in first issue! Can anyone help?
just cus we dont talk as much dont mean I miss/love you mwuah!
Do guys ever wanna be "just friends" anymore?
I did. You now owe me a new MacBook Air.
I def like! I'm planning a walk across america steps towards change for me and my disabled mother. http:/wwwstephanieishere.com
and one day, I will splurge on the mixer for real bakers...The Artisan is so beautiful!
meet my friend /doc film maker She's heading out to sf to film Life in Perpetual Beta. You two should connect.
training day in work . hate training.
When you take a stand, you find your place in the universe, and you have the capacity to move the world.
YES Peelander Z! So excited to experience their weirdness!
Join us at Hilliard 6:30 as the #CBJ battle Ottawa. AKA Murphy's Law battles the Law of Averages. Great Fans = Great Times!
um I think you need to get a refund from college cause I think that is suppose to say expense....lol.
Please let your friends, family and associated kno that we are accepting paint daily for recycling! We need support! Please retweet!!!!!!
"I can even wear it to work and then go to the gym after...It also has anti-odor, light weight, breathable, 4-way stretch, and has UPF...
on ooVoo and on the phone
Intelligent, happy, and great taste in art
I just noticed my socks say "Do you know who I am?" on the soles.
I'm on a conference call with the teacher from Charlie Brown Womp, Momp, Womp, Domp
mom said she would "like" this if it was on facebook
day ending lovley w a pincho n pina #fb .. well not ending but a break! chekin out the house music fest in
i def. just burned my finger on my hair, yes on my hair!! <U+E421>
Anyone looking for putting there #business on #Groupon #Little Rock? DM me if you want some more info! #Happy New Year!
cos you wuv me still<3 can you do me a favor?
Remember That Jam Baby Grind on me!! By Pretty Ricky! Ooh jes
Per NYTimes Antibiotiic may delay aging process! Rapamycin - looking promising. Too early to tell.Move over reveratrol..hello younger mice
Medieval Military Disasters: Frederick II’s Great Defeat j.mp/qRcisd Thanks! I'll check it out. :-)
Places everyone should see!
How was everyone's Fourth of July? Enjoyed a fun day at the Marina and fireworks show with my family! Now back to work!
that's all that matters
awww. just saw someone on pinterest who made a snack... for her bunco group.
It is sad, I know, but it is the convenient truth
A reminder to all, the Museum is open today. Stop by and visit!
My mom calls older women that try to talk to me some grandma's. Lol
shut up tuxedo boy
#3Hunna > bang bang <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>.
RT : Headed to Art Walk tonight - then hanging out in the Barnstorm space, which is cold but also history-making.
Sure thing! Would love to talk promotional products and pens with u
its a good thing i got this at the end of the year. got my iphone
My legs are so tierd I can't walk down the stairs...
OMG I Heart Your Tweets But Do You mind Sharing For Me? xo
It's a fun movie. I think you will be quite pleased. :-)
Who wants to get their Gold Canyon products free this month?
Shut up! Lol RT All I want for Christmas is and his guitar under my tree. Too much to ask for? I think not.
Amanda's funny!
i'm SEXY and i know it *AW*
I need an #agent #manager #clothingsponser #publicist and
Right now you're the only one that can make me happy.<3
true that. :)
There's no way you don't want a blended Margarita right now!
Last night was the prequel, but tonight is the sequel.
LOVE it!
cool. And creepy.
What a fantastic day! So inspired by the hundreds of young feminists
cool bro.
S/O to my new followers :)
#nfais12 Howard Ratnor Thanks for the nostalgia photos! Breakdown of tech by decade. Hearing the internet zzzzz___eeee__zzzzz_eheheh
Explanation, should have been #FWV, Friday' With Vistage. Ugh. Can't type worth a dang.
does he have a single friend for me?
So, my apartment is the size of a PEA. Like officially. (The princess + the pea, revisited.)
Strength starts in your heart, moves to your brain, invigorates your actions, then, with a little luck, transforms your body. True story.
More like daylight wtf time?
Going to sleep. When I awake it will be time to return to the states. Not cool.
thank you!!!
welcome! Maybe we can be friends?:D
If I have to get tested for mono again I'm going to be seriously pissed off!!
Like this post if Saturday is your favorite day of the week!
It's all fun and games until someone gets a full-lunged hit to the knee. #fencing #épée :(
Thanks for the support up in Jersey! Shine responsibly!
blood engorged mayonnaise cannon ;)
RT : that looks at least 67% appealing :) // Lol! The drink and what else, Lorne?
drinking, shouting, and cheering the fact that Usama bin Laden is dead! Half of these young idiots drinking and celebrating.....
right? It seemed physically impossible, like the Ben Watson INT return in Denver with less ramifications.
how's it like playing one of the characters on "Jessie"?
Just saw the biggest grossest black spider crawling on my laptop on my lap. Apologies to Dom, whom I screamed into the phone at by accident
Great pic! Thanks for coming out our way!
So, my kneecap is crooked and swollen..
I love that show along with the $55 of Chinese food...
Give ME a break John Boehner
following minor league front office execs and courtesy of
The question isn't whether Eli is an elite quarterback; the question is whether Tom Brady still is. :)
I. Wanna. Go. To. Warped. Tour. 2O12. End Of.
When I get sleepy and it is still light outside.<<<<
Yes, at The Saint!
love your reports! We r here, too.
stop talking shit. I'm trying to have dinner.
Wisp's new room finally opened, so I will go talk to them about getting the dw6 a spot. Gave your stand to suntken 2 wks ago
Thanks for having us.
All these nike jerseys look nasty
E-books are hard to track down. And publishers must maintain copies as well.
Do what did! Leave work! Relax already!
The collateral damage, of course, will be that fewer students who need aid to attend college will be able to afford it
Thanks for the #FF !
By Zeus, you are correct!!! They are nothing but money machines to enrich people.
ARABIAN GULF = PERSIAN GULF....but when Google Maps show it as the PERSIAN GULF they had it as the ARABIAN GULF &hackers intercepted d link.
You're welcome!
Tonight we bring together the visionary filmmakers behind the #justfilms features at #sundancefest , and salute the impact of their work.
I need help
It is actually to help us name one of our wines
yup and just a quick question, what's the republican or conservative party called in Canada?
Are you using Google+ yet? It is amazing!
Girls with self respect >
That's all?
I love Houston, TX!!
is my hero. I wanna be just like him when I grow up...
Today at work should be fun
khloee can say easter bunny!! so cute
Wait what...?
I know that's right!
HP New Media gallery at the Newseum: participatory, touch tables, gesture based games, social interaction
Great turnout last night at our immigration seminar! Thank you Heather.
#WewontWorkOutIf your hiding things from me…
I know the feeling... take good care of yoyrself so you can feel good again :-)
the wound is trying to heal ....but it hurts each time it closes
all the time!
Hahahaha I'm sorry!
Cotton on the roadside cotton in the ditch pick that cotton u black son bitch. Daddy was a Klans man, Southern Democrat. Long white sheets
#FollowReader What is 1Q84? Not on my radar yet.
Speculation, but still a fascinating thought.
u missed a banging show in #pgh...dat #art was selling like hotcakes.
You think you're getting a chance.
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
Welcome! If you want to take a look at the system, I've got an account.
I just want it to be Friday already!
Awww how sweet !
Ok, so we had a heavy sex week; POTUS supports gay marriage, Hasidic Jews support labeling those who inform on perverts as 'outcasts.' Wow.
American Red Cross in San Diego/Imperial Counties working wtih San Diego County officials. Advise residents to shelter in place.
Be as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your won. Help all the people around recognize that they are special.
I have this clear facial mask thing on & my mom's bf is like "are you sweaty? or do you always look all shiny.." Fucker.
RT: Thanks to & for donating dinner so that I can have an awesome date 4 the auction
RT : Ready for a zombie apocalypse? Subaru is teaming up with to bring you zombie infested obstacle courses.
He did it! Mike fixed the waffle machine. He is amazing! We will be open regular hours tomorrow! Yay!! See you soon! ;-)
your background makes me smile!!
SO sweet! Gotta love those little lovie discoveries... How old is she now?
according chinese elders, the year of the dragon is very topsy-turvey. Care is the years advice.
Watching #findingnemo again. Love #dory speaking whale
actually, there are co-workers from our Michigan office at MDS&W. I could write this off for work....
haven't been swimming in over a week and i'm to tired to care
That shit look gay.
#Gleehehe never thought I'd find Ricky Martin good to watch!
The fat lady did not sing yet! Push your reso back a few minutes.
Join us Saturday at 2:00 PM for A Conversation on Printmaking! Hear master printers talk about the art of printing!
I'm at a pay phone trying to go home all of my change I spent on you <U+2764>
there mike got the email on yahoo mail thanks for the oppertunity to get in touch with you,mark
Few things funnier than when a company touts years "combined experience" of employees. Spectacularly useless statistic by itself.
Congrats guys! That is awesome.
We need to make plans to hang at #NYSACAC. I'm thinking - ditch and drink wine plans.
Do it RT I'm gonna hold you to this.
I'm running a single, self-hosted WordPress blog.
Another essay, another student not doing anything I said to do, filled with willful ignorance about looking it up even one time.
Back in Nashville, The only good cicada is a dead cicada.
I want to cry but I ran out of tears... ;(( <U+2665>
happy Easter lovely
Will the Knicks make the playoffs?
With are hat on now, we are ready for the Holidays! Bring on your Christmas orders!
When someone gives you a reason not to trust them, it's hard to ever trust them again..
Having a great time at Evergreen. Plus it's a beautiful day out! :)
why are you on point doe?
I want to move to Ireland :D and Boston :))
Best. Ever. I went with roomie a few months back down in VA - so much fun!
Do you love FREE? Then schedule a #free, in-home #security evaluation 877-760-2143 or http;//myalliancesecurity.com
Why are you up?
RT Before u react, think. Before u talk, listen. Before u criticize, wait. Before u quit, try. Before u act, pray.
Who doesn't? is very loveable! :)
Calling all social media lovers! Think you've got what it takes to intern with ? Email your resumés to
Thanks for reminding me about the Olympics! Doesn't it start at the end of July? Might book tickets around that...
Newark's Past well represented at Newark History Society's 10th Anniversary w/
lol.no i dont think it was you, it was some one else with the same last name
will do. Great evening Always fun and many ideas flowing.
On subsequent possession, Rondo to KG for lay-in and 34-31 lead over #atlanta_hawks with 5:59 to play in 2nd Q. Garnett with 10pts
What does 30,000 watts of light bulbs look like?! Well, I know because I'm still seeing spots.
Junior Internal Audit Specialist in Denver, CO area! Will supporting the internal audit function as well as serve as this client's liaison …
Heading over to the south side of campus to celebrate the ground breaking of the new #ATEC building!
Congrats Taylor! That's so exciting!
All things come to those who wait, but when they come they're out of date.
Happy new year!
Ok, I'm tired of sneezing my way through this morning. Please
yea, I know. Shut up.
Sounds cohesive
I will still raise money for him and vote for him, but I do so less enthusiastically than if I felt he cared about this.
I cant sleep:(
Thats good lol but did you see the end how Chalmers tried to flop while taking the 3?
That was a hard hit!
I love when I kick French projects in the butt!!!
I love my life now.
Dear kittehs, My maximum lap occupancy is 1 cat. Pls learn to count so we avoid a repeat of tonight's unpleasantness. Love, me.
Windows Automatic Updates think they're more important than 9th - 18th century manuscript fragments.
Omg Your So Adorablee! Cant Wait Till Friday With
do you follow ? their all over it...
What are you excited about this year in theatre?
Yayy Thanks!! #NF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> RT : coolest person I follow on twitter.
lmao. chill out. ur dork in aluminum foil isnt going anywhere.... unlike me....
haha... Maybe... Some are saying Bills could be good. I'll believe it when I see it.
it's on family connection!!!!!
this, kids, is the power of Twitter. find an RT out of nowhere about someone backing kickstarter campaigns. mention mine. get funded. BANG.
It's hot and i got a lot of running to do. Hope you all staying cool some how
Tea Pot Lounge: Holiday Stress Relief Pack for $10
they are talks in new CBS b4 season starts teams can eliminated one contract against the cap
soft ass Chiko
good morning everyone! :D
thanks very much! glad you're liking it.
flubbed nugget no! I have to go to a lacrosse game in like 2 minutes! Ah!
Thank you for a fantastic party! YUM!
Ooh lunch is period 6, if study hall is 7th, I can leave after 5th period... That's 12:30!!!
oh yeah I forgot ur a hockey player! I can be ur
Your tweet cracked me up! (And I'm doing well, thanks!)
you are livin' the High Life, my friend. Enjoy.
I know! How awesome was that?! It was perfect and the movie is another hour and a half of that shit!
Merry Christmas... 2012 is you year to go to the Nxt Level!
No you dont,all lies
You'd be amazed how many creative ways there are to spell a 4-letter word.
Change of plans people! New pcast will be out tom morning. NBA and NHL playoff previews plus a review of the latest episode of The Killing
The human need to know how to live is perennial... It is an unalterable part of the human condition: Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
Unless you weren't born here #Hawkeyes #Cubs #Vikings RT It continues as the best year ever to be a sports fan in Wisconsin!
One of those days... late to work, when I get there I realize I left my computer at home.
New twist on a Black & Tan: Ginger Pale Ale from Brewing with Guinness. Give it a try!
Thanks for responding to the needs of others!!
long shift?
RT : I think every parent in #ACPS should have to serve a year on Parent Council - such a valuable resource! / Yes!
I missed that part. Are you implying he's going to resort to voter fraud?
oh no! What happened??
no but i have a full length viking coming soon
I Need A Macbook Air Or Macbook ProWho Has Them Street Deals?FWM
22nd st D.C. hotel- 4:30pm, no rooms ready yet. Exhausted and have meeting at 5:30. Was hoping for z.
Game Explains Why He Chose to Spit On Group of Fans in Australia
My body hurt :/
nice pick like his chances
F.T. Island, I needed you to hit the stage!
im so confused haha
And back to Fenway today!
:( me sad.and. Ped off
SHOUT OUT TO ALEXA
happy lunchtime indeed! :D
yea but like what made them decide to
This-> Embarrassing! : See? For shame if you sold your tickets to UK fans
Wow!!!!! Just made #1 on the APD Global Radio Charts with the song, "NO BEER HERE" On the top 50 albums, I'm coming in at
“: Anyone want to clean my kitchen before my husband comes home. Anyone—anyone? Bueller???” | No one took u up on this huh?!
I graduate tomorrow :)
so you would advise to stay
heard you on radio for the first time yesterday... I felt like a proud, mama! Got some Georgia people listenin' out for ya!
iam at six flags in san antonio! PLEASEE PLEASE PLEASE COME MEET ME. <WeMissAustin!>
I'm 100% behind Breitbart's mission and I want to bring BHO down, but this was shoddy. They're not filling his shoes well (yet).
On a scale of 1-10, I'm about a 9.9. Plus the UNLV documentary for HBO on Sat. Liev Schreiber's narration is spine-tingling
I don't know honestly
sorry for the late reply! How are you?
#howrace smiles all around while doing the wave! How Makes People happier!
HERE IT COMES!
Thanks... I think I might have a few nightmares after watching that...
Every guy I know that ran track said they only ran to see the girls lol
Sportlandia kicks off at in about 15 min and then PDX gets it's geek on during our monthly Dangerous Kids event, "Geek Out!".
Yay! Got my punch front threw to lay out back. Lol havent done one of those in a little bit. :)
Ur lucky I'm in baby bliss! “: Baby born on a plane story? Didn't run it this morning. Wouldn't seem right w/o ”
Its going down tonight.
The FSTA 2011 #FantasyBaseball Accuracy Challenge & finished 4th ahead of ESPN & other bigger sites. 3-Years in a row as TOP 10! BOOM
Hi there rachbunce
no one in their right mind is taking a fight at this hour.......
son I need to be in da bed bad hang over
Eli Manning is use to having tons of white balls on him.
lol. just tryna make myself feel better
Sams got pussy by tha pound lol RT : where can I go get some more when I run out??
ok T, one more time!!!
but might create very interesting deals for good bonus options...
Nice you love listing to music right?
lol I don't know :D
But I really like him.
Happy I'm not alone & I'm not exactly in love with the other teams this season, except for KY.
Started back reading Gin Phillips' "The Well and the Mine" after a little reading break. Feels good to be back.
Bow Wow and Chris Brown Tip Strippers $5,000 (PHOTOS) Money isn 't an object when it comes to Bow Wow and Chris Brown having a good time.
It's a good night come eat steaks and watch the Yankees Lose.
: How to get a job working for The Man
as long as that paycheck keep rolling, i really don't give a shit.
“: CANNOT WAIT FOR MY SHIRT FROM to get here, I am sure the wait will be worth it :))” i can't wait either!
Sing to the LORD a new song; sing to the LORD, all the earth.Psalm 96:1
You would have thought my world ended by my expression
It was a great weekend. Hope you had a good one, too!
“: be my bootcamp partner!! Sammy quit before the 1st workout finished hahaha”hahaha sounds a little intensee
You won't stop eating DD until you leave.
I have the purple teeth that only come from considerate dedication to delicious Italian grapes. Thank you, Sicily.
Thanks Dave! Look for it with tonight at 9:30p on , or 11pm on KONG 6/16.
Gifted Rich & Young
Woke up this morning in a first place city.
2 Billion for the #Dodgers AND Mccourt keeps the parking lots? Not too shabby.
Okay... now back to work.
My tl just put the coldest avi up next to the worst avi. If only they knew lol
i love you too!
I love watching tours of UC's campus.
when is ur interview with subway
Had a nice scoop today, on the front page of CQ Today, but never got a public link. You'll just have to trust me. CIA/internal review etc.
thank you sister!!! Miss you!
I've been seconds away from playing the most exciting poker games anywhere online for about 6 months now! I feel so cheated!
No! He just sat there!! Hahaha I was DYING!
Any economic downturn would hurt precisely at moment when community colleges should expand, w/ severe locality effects 2/2
Baby you light my world like nobody else <3 #OneDirection and I love yall(:
- so sorry to have missed you! Friday just filled up before my very eyes. We will rendez-vous soon!
Rain turning to snow here in Frisco, CO!
Thanks for asking! Yes, a book! Still to early to say what it's about, but I covet your prayers!
Purple jerseys. Go ROX! 4-1 early w/no outs in second.
Why u so anoying?????
#elvis, Heart of the King will be announced on sale in Atlanta Tomorrow, but you can get your tickets tonight click here bit.ly/elvisatlanta
I've officially been made sad.
If anyone needs a Private Pilot, Im your guy!!
im not your bestfrend your just using me The only reason im your bff is bcause you lost your first one. Im just your backup you lonely bitch
Holy shit the turnpike is Packed. Where are all you people going.
hey! Does M have two different colored eyes?
Attempting to learn ASL. I think I have the alphabet down and some random words.
electronic billboards
SO pathetic! How ya doin Piker?
thank you for your courage
Just got off the phone..... night twitter
Great pic! Thanks for coming out to see us! Bring with you next time.
thanks Jon!
Hey there
Hard at work today readying the office for our big announcemnt and subsequent mini-announcements. Strong start to a Monday.
Up working hard while listening to 's first cd...Awww so many memories! So many HITS!
that sucks.
A wiser man than myself once said, "Hail to the king, baby..."
Hey! When'd you turn into Raphael Saadiq?! ;)
Stood in line almost 2 hours Site-2-store and I thought ordering online would be quicker-NOT!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 20
Cleaned all my chucks, they look brand new and are ready to get dirty again.
Winter coming so fast!? Come see us for hair fixes for weather calamities and fall make up freshening! 206/264-7901
": 5th for $999.68 (couldn't just give me a grand?) #fb"lol do u play thought u were in sunday tourny
YAYYYYY!!!! #Boondocks is coming bck for a 4th season!!! IM SO GEEKED! They about to clown this years election! Lmao!
ah yes. It's all just so frustrating
You've roped me in, yes.
lol it happened already ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thanks, you too!!!
First Lady is speaking at my alma mater #VirginiaTech's graduation ceremony right now. #HOKIESUP ** voice**
Sup Flower Girl! :-)
crazy to think his stock can still rise
Saddling up the Bus on our way to Olympia with students for higher ed. Get at us if you're in the capitol today!
Amazing day at Farracut Ficellenias! Thanks for sharing lunch with us!!!
Urban cycling: Top 10 safety tips | Britain&#39;s best bike rides
aye... my twitter is being so stupid. so yeah idk if u replied to my dm cuz i cant see anything -_-
If they make it that far! “: cool #OKC can rest up players for that #lakers series.”
Texas class action filed against Wal-Mart for gender discrimination - Southeast Texas Record
throwing stones, man...
please please please follow me!, i love you im your biggest fan i got posters all over my wall of you!
im doing lateral Ts in my office
hey big brofer how r u
You're the greatest fan in Canada :)
Goin great Mark, book mostly done. Burnin candle at both ends, tho :) "How goes, Chris?" cc:
i like to eat food
haha, yes, its really me.
I am not planting or harvesting, but standing in the field listening to the wind, to hear which way it will blow the seeds
Pickup Line: I have a six inch tongue and I can breath through my ears
all valid points... too bad there are so many ignorant people. I guess everybody can think what they want. Some are just wrong.
THIS TIME NEXT SATURDAY, the doors open and #EXTREMEREUNION starts at 7pm!!!!
the # u dialed has been changed/disconnected. RT : Call my phone, and see if you can get someone to answer it. It got stolen.
gl im a big fan
Paul George looks Dominican
WHEN ARE YOU COMING HOME!!!!! SCHOOL IS LONELY WITH OUT MY BEST FRIEND!!!!!! ALL CAPS SOUNDS LIKE SHOUTING LOL!!!! RANDOM :D
Come on!! RT : Oh, I wish! I could use some #Hendersonville to soothe my soul.
#CNNDebate tweets are comedy!
Damn girl. I like the way you think.
Thanks to for sending to chat w/ this morning! Watch for her article tomorrow!
Horchata sounds so good right now!
Hey, did we get a buy out today?
#first40songsonshuffle (except i'll only do 20...) #1 What Do You Do With a B.A. in English? - Avenue Q
And thanks to Have a splendid day!
#everyonehasthat1friend that wants to give you life advice but can't take any advice whatsoever and flips out when you try to give them any.
I'm soggy.
My art is on exhibit in Adams Morgan (DC) at the DCAC, Savage Mill at the R.Coury Gallery and Rockville (MD) at Gilly's! (See blog for info)
Thanks, Christoph! It's more a virtual meeting on innovation, less task-driven but want the usual interactivity of in person
Aye brah can I get a shoutout
LOVE IT!
Good chance I'm gonna quit this job, I can't stand these people anymore
Looking forward to connecting. You have a beautiful and mind-expanding location and headquarters building!
Glad Friday is offically over.
Bout to go exercise. No phone, no drama just me and my music :)
definitely! i'll update fb as soon as i'm there!
oh I just had a conversation with your babe Elias, he is adorable.
massively disappointed with the squad.too many in form players left out.no fuckin balls to make the big decisions.
So proud of my best friend right now !!!!!!
I wonder if got tired of repeating himself cause reporters like to ask the same question but in a different way
Rhetorically or technically? :-) RT Parsing is such sweet sorrow.
absolutely... We haven't talked in a while.
Our top tweeters this week!
Today is the last day of Legal Lines Action Line. From 11am-1pm call about landlord-tenant issues and legal information. 808-591-…
I like Valentine's alcohol rules. No need for beer in the clubhouse. Players should be on the bench supporting each other.
you're on a role. Fury makes you funnier!
GO #egypt, get your freedom on! We all want the same things in life. Hopeful our leaders choose the right side this time.
So happy my new found love is opening a 2nd location closer to my house. Ruby Isle in April is music to my ears.
For those who dont know what channel A Walk to Remember is on. Its on ABCFamily! ((:
ah what do i do my lady friend well my ex lol. Wont let me watch the bucks game at her place. What do i do. Help S.O.S
LesMiz as good as I remembered. Javiert scene blew me away & sets=amazing! My only complaint=people who can't show up on time.
Our birthday lunch is today!! Stop in for some Eppies and cupcakes and celebrate with us!
-- Thanks for the RT Roger! Have a great week.
GIRL!!!!!! You are _______. Fill in the blank.
Is hot and it's my birthday.
after a stressful week in Houston. Back in Minny. Dinner & a movie with my main squeeze. Think Like A Man!
i literally gave up.
Major discounts on diamond & gemstone jewelry at Whitehall's going out of biz sale. Items under $100.
SQUEE! I work both of those days, but am off by 3. Still plenty of time for a cut after that. I'll call tomorrow.
I finally quit a job I hated. It took looking at your HBR article in my inbox daily for 3 months. Thanks so much.
Complimentary care meets western medicine: “Sometimes treatment and healing programs might not mix very well. In terms of the herbs t...
I'm ganna get into trouble for this,but bam margera is 1 of the hottest guys in the universe.
I don't like twitter very much....
SOAK IT UP
that whole cd is AWESOME!
Watchin Avatar a great movie but so long
What's the best browser for searching PubMed on your iPad?
Takin' the redeye to NYC tonight. See you in 3 weeks, LA!
I'm not bout that life lol
y can't you make it this year? only a couple hours away
Tottenham are being destroyed by Arsenal.
So very deep in Texas right now. Looking forward to seeing our boys . real soon.
let's move here bro. Play some music in these clubs take all the tourists money with some get rich quick shit. Ha
can't wait for season 2!!!!
Spring Finals start tomorrow and end May 24th.
all i need is a blunt nd my day would be complete…
My 2000 tweet. Oh where has the time gone?
and we're proud to be a local yoga studio in new orleans! thanks for the shout-out about #NOLA!
Finally!! It feels so good to just lay in the sheets... goodnight y'all!!
Good luck team! Enjoy the weather and the hunt!
I want 2 see that movie with Charlize Theron that I forget the name of & also "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" $ one other one.
Capitol hill block party 2011!! We're playing Cha Cha lounge Friday July 22nd at 5:45pm opening the show..hope to see you guys there!
Come on Gators, bring it to Nawlins!
Did I give u the impression that I cared? <U+E404><U+E00E>
Baby Week on and science experiments on What a fucking joke. Not sure why I bother with local news at all anymore.
letters start with ABC numbers start with 123 song start with do re mi love.. love starts with you and me(;
I say pats by 4. Loser buys a drink? : I'll go with giants 34-31 over pats #nodoginfight #don'tcarewhowins
go back to sleep slacker lol.
RT isaybadthings69 Carson Lewis have been #retweeted 3 times now by ...IDK why I think this is so cool but it is. Make that 4.
I sometimes wish my life turned out like I planned
#KONY make him famous justin! you have the power
Wat a touching and emotional experience it was singing at the old people's home.innovators god bless u
I feel so grossed out just reading that tweet!!
love you best friend <U+2764>
All this symbology of applause-timing is weirdly Stalinist.
Everyone would've understood had Gunner Kiel not chosen the Hoosiers originally over such powers as Oklahoma, Alabama and Notre Dame...
I'm happily single and perfectly content about it
Just made sirens go off in the phone store. opps Haha
What could do better to improve the video experience Cc/
Advocacy drivers: Rational, Emotional, Social --> There's a tribal element to it.
RT ": Don't lower your standards. Instead, wait for people to rise up to your expectations."
New fashion goal: looking fresh to death & sick as cat cancer!
ok, I do...it's a special kind of rawr
Happy Thanksgiving to all and THANK YOU so much for being a part of our world of music...We love our HOMies!!!
had 2? Hope all is well
Loved the debate on whether it was pork or turkey bacon. I didn't care, I thought it looked tasty!
This heat is dehydrating me... So I drank plenty of haterade this morning
idgaf so now you wanna talk.??? you're werid i bet you like that kinky shit.
Can't wait to pack up and move out in a few weeks <U+2764>
Today's #Stayhomereadball, the perfect time to finish LA writer Leslie Schwartz's #AngelsCrest what are you #reading?
So no, it's not her caressing your hair and telling you everything is going to be okay
"A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot." Dr. Joe Vitale
Mobile Apps for your biz. Across all handset platforms, Android, iPhone Blackberry, Java. 2year hosting included
Congrats to Green Ribbon Award nominee schools! W/ at Environmental Charter High School in Lawndale.
is speaking the truf
OMG!! My absolute favorite song by my absolute favorite band! ARE YOU IN MY HEAD! What a talent! wow..
Only would put a hash tag in a text message
"Don't worry - if anything goes wrong on the Prometheus expedition the Icarus is standing by to mount a rescue."
: Please get rid of Naomi Shaefer Riley from Brainstorm ASAP
“: IM ON THE PLANE TO NEW JERSEY WITH GOING TO SEE AND AT PRINCETON <3" HALLA
running into and his lil choir crew at work > > hahaha yall were so loud!
Wht do I have to do to get an retweet? Not be 25? :*(
dinner date with <U+2764>
Seriously thinking about putting this to the test. #CleavageCaseStudy RT Boobs = followers..except in my case
Pat D talks a bit sports, coming up next...
who does? Nobody likes it lol.
Pretty much. Ha! I always felt bad for Odie.
Last week, Charles Barkley said Rondo was the best PG this year. Tonight, he says it's Parker. Next week, Westbrook?
i'll always remember our summer in Hawaii.. aloha nui loa ah sono forte ahahahhahahaha
Ohio State? Cleveland State... hm
Law firm compensation plans begin by rewarding the right behaviors with money. Write down what your firm truly values and then pay for it
Just got home
Arrington, despite his inexplicable number of picks, was somewhere between awful and below average this year
I've been digging some pre-YHF music lately, and I feel this is closer than the last two albums. You didn't like A Ghost is Born?
Just about to take a shower for work and my wife says I can't because the water is off...thanks for the last second heads up!
FL correctly identifies Newt = CON Mitt = LIB. Then vote overwhelmingly for the LIB. America has fallen, has fallen.
catch up this week?
Is Idioteque what Tomorrow Never Knew?
Ugh... nat'l sportswriter in town. #soundthealarm RT : Why do you think I hate Milwaukee? I love Milwaukee! I just think downt...
um what tour and at what venue.
Heard "Bring Em Out" by on 99 jamz and it brought back memories of the championship team back in 05-06
Did POLITICO really have to alert me via iPad with BREAKING NEWS, that Mitt Romney won primaries tonight? Like we all knew he would!
One out!
Love that my bed is next to a large window. Waking up in the middle of the night to see such a beautiful snowscape is pretty awesome.
find me there as styledelights :-)
i dont give a flying fladoodle across a fucking flipping floating car
Thanks for the #WW! :D
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Taught a workshop on HTTP, REST, , and today. Saw some mainframe programmers getting really excited about the web!
Thanks, and ditto. Wrapping up a number of projects . . . feels great! :-)
Them 6th Graders Nakia Was Having A DisAgreement With In Gym . . Haha
RIP Clare Fischer. An inspiration to me beyond words.
sad thing is that most of us are watching this hot garbage than the WS, Football is definatly king in this country
Hannah Montana the movie is coming on....I'll be back in a couple of hours!
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ME BECAUSE I DON'T THINK ABOUT YOU "AT ALL"!
#FactsNewTeamMindlessShouldKnow Roc's Real Name Is NOT Trey Young -_-
Your song may also apply to couples w/out kids. Inner children can tire you out too.
Don't just post question, have reporter find answer. heard 1953 Pioneer HS land purchase required AAPS allow UM parking. true?
RT : if anyone has 2 extra tix for & B$M in Chicago I would very much like them Will buy you pizza
no way- id put him in 4-5 in last 6 year, he just had the most talent on the offense than any of the others had
I'm looking for professionals who share in a common love of music and our fair city, indianapolis!!!!!! We will be the people that will for…
anyone else pissed off about annie and liam last night
That totally made me laugh.. Let me see you shake those naughty bits.. :)
RT : Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with Sprinkles! The first 50 people to whisper “cinco” at each Sprinkles receive a #free choco loco!
hopes she doesn't fall asleep before the debates. Worksheets require less thought and creativity. Maybe I shouldn't throw them out.
I suddenly have a strange urge to bake things and I'm looking at baby names. Um.
We'll miss you
Graduating next Saturday
Hooray! And congrats on whatever it was she said yes to! :D
Spent all day in a closet recording LP! Put some vocals down on 5 tracks. Will prob need to redo most but it's a start!
thanks and maybe we will see you soon for a wine tasting. Like tomorrow?
u serious!?!?! That be great!
HEY.. i hear you opened a twitter bar & grill
haha, at least I told you upfront. What time would you like us to come over?
Demi. I know it will be hard for you to see this. But you are such an inspiration. Thank you. we love you!
Time to do some homework and listen to justin bieber boyfriend
No phone this whole week. So no tweets. </3 Pretty lil liars! Battle of the ex's! And I'm getting my bows. ^.^ Hopefully good week. <U+2764>
This feeling <.... GITFO
": u adjust ur zipper and she immediately begins to put her hair in a pony tail.#SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
I trusted you now you messed up big time.
Eight (now seven) tweets until I hit 5,000. I hope I use them well. Wish me luck.
Cold?? Get a colorblind hoodie:) $30
HE'S A GENIUS!!!!!!!! LOL #PUBLICITYSTUNT (ooh wait, publicity stunt? *starts typing a new song.*..lol
is where its at #wmyb all day:)
Made it to Austin. Let there be naps...er...networking
Bring on the rain... My favorite!
that's what she said!
"We need to address societal messages about masculinity" & look how that's related to TPP -
# ArmyOfDarkness #moviequotes "this is my boom stick" love that movie!
So I just went to download and app but forgot which one -___-
=) RT beautiful face > sexy body ... if you got both,
come on the 18th....
pipe down little feller!
When our dog died when we were younger walked around school the next day carrying his leash hahah
Off to the vet with the pup and
Haha blow me. Ready for this weekend?
Listen to your manager, BUT, don't go all "Disney" on us. We like the cheeky lads you are. ;)
thank YOU!
I got a lot to do tomorrow so I'm going to bed stay thirsty my friends.
“: Denver Cannabis Cup Best Edibles - 1st Place: Mint Chocolate Bar, Dabba Chocolate #MedCanCup” (~);}
That is absolutely a temptation for me. :)
Nothing to do tonight? Whiskey crawl in fells point starts :30 - even if you don't like whiskey it should be a fun time.
Yummy! I got some food on the kitchen floor, mommy had to sweep it up. I'm so clumsy.
It's that time again.
RT : Did you miss the International Journalism Festival in Perugia? Never fear! This comprehensive recap is here:...
I didn't know about YouTube's ties to Illinois! I did know about your great video work.
When you realize you aren't needed as much as you used to be <<<<
Done with classes for the day :) about to take me a nap...
that's all she wrote!!! haha
That awkward moment When a completely random person likes a photo of you, and you're just like "WHO THE FUCK IS THIS?"
I'm a sucker for Country. RT Sitting in the board room, listening to whistle Taylor Swift.
challenges not challengers
Yeah. Nobody likes to dive or slide into first.. It's pointless
Today Todd Presner from UCLA is talking to us about the "Emergence of Geo-Humanities"
thanks for that udderly great update.
Now I don't got money for my ticket lol
Stocking up on #TWINKIES! FYI - They dont get bad when the end of the world gets here.
Also why his post raises qs. JL doesn't wants ed bd explicitly = Manchester; but distances himself. Wants both ways.
SSL Mixing board going down. Aww Heck...I needed a break anyway. Not good too overwork yourself, I guess.
Give me all the Thai coffee.
"Hey, what's my mom's middle name again?" "Dude, I've never even met your mom."
OMG you change your avatar more than...well ya just do lol
"This song goes out to my wife, it's her first mothers day, it's called 'Belly Full of Blood!'" just now at #CIP2012 HAHaHA!!
Danny Nathan, , from : these #innovators set out to "change the world". Relentless desire make a change.
"better than the original" PSH! I think not!
it's gonna be tight!!!!
It's gradual
RT : RT "Great minds have purposes, others have wishes." - Washington Irving
you're a beautiful and important person.
Amelia was Amazing in this epi remind me of Charlotte's rape. Intense. That was so GOOD FREAKING ACTING!!!!!!!
Thanks.. Ray Nagin's memoir now has its own Twitter..follow to open the vault..
Loving this season of America's Got Talent.
thought i give it a try lol
Working on our first post for our new blog!!
Always got a chuckle out of Andy Rooney's rants. Even when they made little sense.
Expecting a very informative day at#digidaysocial NY today.
Your relationship with your mother shapes who you are and how you are toward women
Good Morning! Does everyone have their costumes ready for Halloween next week? The McRib is BACK if anyone needs some costume ideas :)
that sounds like a great way to relax!
bro i love singing that song in choir :)
I wish you were nice and polite and quoted wayne's world.
It was a great pleasure to be there!!
absolutely. the way it should be. holding players back!
I feel so wrong when I use smileys.
david's supreme hat is gnarly and i want it
thank you for the inclusion
It's 6 am. My news feed is about to explode with this 2 hour delay. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I would really appreciate it if Fluvanna didn't lose their preschool program- it is serving really needy children
I wanna dance with somebody who really loves me, I will always love you and I look to you!
That will/is changing... RT : seems Big Data is only fueling focus on tech growth, not insight growth.
I have been craving chicken.
and its only monday lmao no I'm going to sleep because tmm in defran I'm going to fall asleep and he is going to give me -W
I do wanna hear how eve coming now, kim ridin out I respect black friday and her new track wit jezzy Keys in the city
Happy Easter <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Demps! “: Clint Dempsey has become Fulham's all-time leading Premier League goal-scorer.
so is that kid on the cover on TIME....
Ready for a nap!!!!
That shower has me really about to K.O forreal
Hope everyone is OK in Copley.
it's 4:30am and i'm craving pizza like a motherfucker! :-( don't wanna piss off trainer tho :-/
So sorry to hear.
Don't get me wrong - I didn't boycott the whole thing due to him. Wish I could have gone for the other authors!
Senior Developer, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Programming Jedi, Solver of Problems
Everything you do won`t be a success but you`ll be a success if you keep trying things. (:
* listening to selena with * Her- How many times do you think i've burned her? Me: idk 2? Her: her puts (c)
awesome job today
About to be eating #Cinnamon #FrenchToast. I love breakfast for dinner. It's the best swear :)
if i love you to #death, don't #die on me.
I actually wanted competition for student council. Just to eradicate them with the amount of votes I would have gotten. Lolol
Are you referring to wolverines? While I imagine that badgers might be a carrier of bovine TB, I doubt that they are a source.
There are so many things that we wish we had done yesterday, so few that we feel like doing today.
EsJay is part of the Holiday Bash, leave a comment on their post about us & you could win 3 of our classic shirts!...
I knocked over my computer today; it started smoking but seems fine. It is actually running great now that I upgraded to windows7.
Nothing like a clean room
Bring the pain to those kids today! RT : Enter sandman on ysp while on way to teach 23 six year olds. YEA. YOURE GONNA LEARN TODAY.
@ the theater now in NYC Pre-screening of Bully. A film by Director Lee Hirsch’s.
Slides should only be used to add visual impact to what you are saying
You're only as good as the people you hire.
Did someone say Korean BBQ?
Can we just go back to the old days? Please.
just posted a bunch of reviews on Sephora. Please, please, please let me win $500!
Patience is a virtue that I do not have.
Told ya! Glad you dig it!
um.... good quetion how did u get so many followers... also... dont complain ive only got half as many... :P
I hate going to FOX for screenings (or anything). I feel so dirty just being in that building.
12 minutes to write a poem? Challenge accepted.
We had a great time at the CSAs last night. To watch the broadcast, tune in 5/5 at 9pm on WXIA and 5/6 at 6pm on WATL.
LOL JK I love you and
lmao shit me too... bet not be in no drama..
Ah Gotcha.
Sedin Sisters: 2 Girls, No Cup.
ur so pretty!!!!!!! naturally. ur inspring and everything that i wanna be <3
Do you have an opinion on the average CTR for LinkedIn ads?
you will always have a place in my heart <3 Don't forget us=)
: Yes indeed! Good to see you the other day at Auto Show!
my mom and dad were fighting yesterday ;(
It's 11:15... So that means I can have Fire Hot Cheetos for breakfast?
I've got two. One painted as a construction worker, one as a baseball.
Panem Connect: Ask! » Answers Archive » Trouble-Free Advice In ...
The USPS 20th-Century Poet notecards are very nice, also include poem quotes. Bet you can guess which Williams poem is quoted...
RT : Man's Inhumanity to Man
of course! im off tonight, tomorrow and friday!
How 'bout them COWBOYS!
where you going? :-)
What #holiday events are you doing this #Weekend? I'm speaking at a greens sale for Bartrams Garden & may stop by tomorrow!
Have a rush job? Just look at our name! We can make sure it gets done...dont believe us? Call and ask! 858-292-1800
It's Hard To Pick Up The Pieces When Their Shards Of Glass<U+2665>-KillahSmilee
Wow! I love your wife already.
i am so overwhelmed by the fact someone took the time to make .gif's of my video. wow.
everybody on IG kept saying you where dating kylie and i though it was just a rumor and it was.
So I decided to go c cabin in the woods by myself... Nice and reaxing scary movie alone sounds great
OK, Thad! Love the Rod Allen quote RT: 8 K's in 6 innings? As Rod Allen would say, "i see you big fella"
oh idk we were in Spanish fort!
Haha yeahh,well what are you doing? <U+2665>
Some chips and queso would be #nice right now
I need a belt to hold up these pants. Good problem.
Saw the trailer for #KKTNY & cried. I'm such a sap. But seriously power to you for always being open with your fans
Living & Loving Life! <3
Tune into Wave 3 news at 11 as tonight, we meet our 1st Scholar Athlete of the month, plus, I take you with me to my 2nd golf lesson.
I wanna hug so bad:D
New food photos to be posted soon with recipes by Oct. 31st! Stay tune to #win fractureme picture of Milwaukee's gorgeous lake front.
Kevin hart is shadily in along came polly.
I still wish it was me..
Clearly she has the best agent in the world, because she does not have a natural talent for, well, much of anything.
Do you have a blog?
good to hear :) just working on some new merch ideas :)
A conservative, a moderate, and a liberal walk into a bar..... The bartender says, "Hey Mitt!"
My mom > Your mom
Yes. Sleep and/or stay sane? No.
If you strike me down I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
i swear dudes tell me them can treat me better then my ex how bout showin me...talk is cheap
Why do we (WPAs) insist that _all_ departments have to be _equally_ invested in WAC, when diff disciplines have diff needs w/r/t writing?
they lie
Before reading, I was going to say this guy should hang at Dorsia ... I love it when a plan comes together.
Did Matt Kemp just do the bull dance around third?
my house is stupidly cold :(
Don't use your time addressing envelopes! Email and find out how we can save you time & do it for you!
seriously your number 1 fan. please follow me love seeing your feedback in everything :)
Robin thicke,John legend,Adele, creedence Clearwater revival and beach boys may sound like a odd combo but relaxing before I watch NBA games
People don't appreciate comedy enough.
Want to sell more online? Be a great listener.
Strange it's this late and this is the best I've felt all day. Sinus infections are MISERABLE
so excited! My kind of friends!
Heading to work......get to take the kids to see Monsters vs. Aliens. No complaints here!
Follow back please !
the same percentage of congresspeople who read it before they passed it.
...pink slime isn't always available. : Fill in the blank Friday: I couldn’t live without coffee because _____
Ah ... This crisp morning air puts us in the mood for hot air balloons, breakfast burritos and coffee. Ready for Fiesta?
it's not my fault you never tell
being a Portuguese American, this sucks. Even at 33 he is still a top defender
Ah I came home from Navy Pier to an amazing letter from (: thank you so much!<3 made my day.
Thanks for sharing! We're looking forward to your updates!
Going through old files. Just found trove of floppy discs labeled "Save--Important" & file names I can't recall. Can't even look at them.
When my office was down there, it was one of my favorite places to eat. What else do you need to know?
I GO STUPID DUMB ON A DUMB HOE
hey guess what it's humid as fuck
There are 6 words no American wants to be surprised with. They are, "I'm Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC.
Off to St. Pete to set up for this evenings show!
TY Linda. Life is more enjoyable if you take a moment to think about others now and then
leave the line and come hang with the cool kids
I Like Your Smile. Lol
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!{}
what city ?
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Guerilla Marketing <U+2605>
The way someone treats others says a lot about who they are. That's where the problem lies with Courtney. She's mean.
We're very excited about the #DCADDY awards gala tomorrow! We'll be celebrating our projects w/ & Gold Star Moms
Is it just me or is summer almost here? 2 more weeks of school for me :-). So excited!
i follow him now cant you follow me... Please... :-) :-)
followed nice to meet you!
History ... convinces us that the influence of woman has, to a great extent, been primary in forming the minds of men. (1855)
New pic : ) the fakest smile possible : (
Exactly, POTUS cannot tell a state how to legislate, but he has spoken out against draconian HC cuts for women.
Final cost: $227. Good thing I plan on booking a national commercial any day now...
My inner life is way more interesting than my outer life. I murder dragons in my head and eat filet mignon with George Jetson.
when ppl say no homo that shit just makes it gayer #justsayin lol
Branson Stars & Flags 2011 Non-fiction – Subject Specific: 1st place: The Depths of Courage: American Submarines at War by Flint Whitlock
hey it is me sammy hHHhhaha:p alex has a twiter
If you are a licensed Massage Therapist or Acupuncturist, or ND please contact me for team work in Pain Management field.
Great day here in Charlotte, NC, but the skeeters are on the war path! Anyone else notice a larger number of musquitos this year?
Congratulations to the newly crowned Miss Teen Maryland International 2012, Layilah Nasser!
I really enjoy rebuilding my computer from scratch.
thanks for the shootouts! You guys are captains of theatrical industry!
>>> headed back to the lab now..
Let's chat off-twitter, alright?
bahaha it is! you're workin' it, man!
Producing a new video for Fluke Corporation and it's going to be #AWESOME! Fans of last year's See the Unseen campaign will love this one!
Thanks for inviting us out Boris! Great night!
Thanks for the fire alarm warning Nancy....
Hanging at discovery green. Would be a great day for a flasmob. Soon, very soon.
IT WAS SO GOOD.
That 1st puff when I get off work>>>>>>>>
Please! ! Please !! All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you”
WHAT HAPPENED TO AUSTIN.
Matusz makes quick work of the Yankees, throwing 11 pitches. He's now up to 41.
the guy makes GWB look like Albert Einstein.
But my health would vastly improve if I gave up soda.
I didnt want to be bother with at the time. BIG DIFFERENCE
yeah and when the insurance companies go bankrupt amd the govt provides all care where will we be?
San Diego was great. It's hard not to love being on the west coast
The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).
Researching donation behavior on my Saturday night. And finding next to nothing. Why do people give money, to which charities and why those?
Hoping that we've reached peak peak references and that it's all downhill from here.
Happy Thursday and an early long weekend
Dunno, but it's really good. Fast Five is a good Guy movie, or how about The French Connection (1 AND 2) as an oldie?
nose???? I thought she had a crusty booger on her. Face!!!
you're too kind, thanks Ronan! I'm sure it will be posted soon
ITS STORMING IN ADELE'S TOWN AND SHE GON DIE YOU BETTA TELL HER YOU LUHV HER OK
Wow from 2011 NBA champions to possibly being swept in the first round.
get back on!
graduation coming up in an hour. then family dinner. followed by the bar to celebrate Amy's birthday. then - finally - relaxation.
I know. But it'll be party time in San Diego in a few weeks... after I run the 13 miles. :)
thank you for the beautiful #hashouse leftovers! perfect way to start my day at and #weekend! TGIF
#denver users - if you're near the #zoo take a photo and upload to - cash is waiting :) photo will need to include a lion.
well we redshirted a kid that is 6'5" runs a 4.4 and has better arm than Thomas so we'll see what happens
in the morning you wake east will be west, she wears the pants you wear the dress
Sum Dont Kno But Being STUPID Iz A Choice.....
no my friend
My spring shopping list is growing...
Today = burrito, write, laundry, write, gym, beer.
Sometimes I wish twitter had italics.
Drama free at my new job
A2: Pettitte gave his testimony on the matter. Now, he's in the rotation. So, they've done a good job in creating distance.
MY LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!! #DONE! #BYEKIDS!
whatever I LOVE Justin bieber <3
Thank you so much. Just figuring out how to use Twitter. :)
Aight,its cool
you're going to love it!!! She's so amazing live :)
FROM A SCALE 1-10 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!? :D...
thanks!! Haha I believe the second part airs tomorrow I'll be on again!!
hey Rob will be getting back with you re: sorry..been busy..! A good thing...!
I am currently being serenaded by accordion and classical guitar in a lovely community house in the country outside Olympia. Life is good.
Real fried dough--I'm so happy! My New Englander followers know what that means.
Leaning like a cholo :)
Couldnt possibly be any more bored. This shit sucks
I have to buy wrapping paper
hell yea he is. He tried to sneak me #ThatDick last nite....and I tried to take it lol
La Quinta is our new friend
#SometimesIWonder what gods real plan for me is
Totally agreed. What I like about it is that it's actually affordable compared to others that just claim affordability...
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Oh snap, will be in Gray, TN in August!! Only an hour way, I'm going!!! :)
As if my day couldnt get any worse, my 3G isn't working.....
It drives me batty! No reprieve. EVER.
Beat beat beat beat beat.
Happy birthday, buddy! Hope it's a great one!
Wish I could leave my house <U+E40E>
Celtics player Jeff Green spotted at Rays Hell Burger
the janitor at harold washington is blaring earth, wind, and fire
Why do people keep harping on how wonderful Christian Bale's "American" accent is. He's lived here for 20 years, since a teen.
just looking forward to the food
If u believe u can or can't, u r right
if he'd write one called, "I'm Switching Places With Whitney" hell I'd buy it. Maybe twice.
oh that would be funny! I'll probably give ur ticket to someone else then!
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
From now on, everytime I see a hashtag on Facebook, im commenting, "Hashtags are for twitter." Get ready.
thanks for all the support. Both sides playing for a trip to the final 4 today!
I believe that is all visible in the history section, but not on the main page.
On the way
Wow we can stop if we can, we can cry if we can (8)
all pregnancy books now on clearance sale on website. At least 40% off retail price. www.healthpress.com
Good morning my friends! Have a great tooooosday!
Approx. 17,500 museums in the US. Whoa. I never thought abt what that figure might be.
Was in the hospital service-less those were 4hrs of torture
my friends like it.
God Bless America! It's so good.
I wanna go to Colorado again
Happy Birthday ! Be forever blessed!!!
Wanted to go, no time :-(
Home at last, now for a spinach taco salad and to look over some lines.
ok good. Because I just bought it and its WELL worth it. :)
Big woofs to you Ralph! Thank-you!
was worn down, im off today. Those 55 hours a week is starting to kick my ass. Im sorry bestie:-(
if you like then you should have put a ring on it ;')
HAPPY 2012 EVERYONE..HOPE IT WAS A SAFE ONE!!!
That's right Staatz! We also keepin the hot guy :)
Reid Hoffman and Ben Casnocha are the authors. Just started reading and finding connections to classroom.
So true.. final destination!!
come to philly and be a zombie with me lol
Wheres my boo alexis ?
By controlling economics, health and nutrition, you control people.
I love any sport that encourages drinking while you play.
whats up with the late night announcement!?
thank you
#21MILLIONBELIEBERS so proud of Justin <3
Who knew would make my day today. Thank you!
and we are opened up for questions about #ds106!
I wish it were that. This seems more a case of an emotionally unstable person sighing loudly instead of swearing loudly
#WeWontWorkOutIf: You don't accept me for me
Super excited for UK-based 's launch! cc' Hooray!
stubbornly to life
Began chapsum-ing Devil's Hand by Matt Patterson before I knew what hashtags were. To catch up, I'm re-tweating myself. Is that legal?
Yay Big time rush
Social Technologies #SocialMedia and it's growing importance in the Future Workforce! #RVA #SHRM has an event on 3/17 to discuss!
My library lacks 2 & 3 of the Hunger Games. I am 252 in hold queue Donate yours to DMHS Lib for me & hungry teen readers!
See a preview of the new Rage website at www.wix.com/mpmeeker14/smrage Going live soon
Jim Ripp tonight 8pm, make your request all night!
I like your taste in wines!
Glad to see you are alive! Haven't seen you on here much lately.
Me! I'm a natural ginger and PROUD OF IT. :)
You guys better love me...I hate you guys some days other times I don't lol
NO ONE REMEMBERS THAT IT NEVER HAPPENED. He didn't even go to prom lol
Todays FIGHT wit is going to be Crazy!!!! Hard work and dedication is goin to be put to a test today aswell as them skillz!
Much too early to be alive...
You're entered to win! What is your ring size btw?
you apparently want to talk to a lot of girls. Good luck with that.
#NeverShouldYouEver Own a cat.
Enjoying the Denver expo? Make sure to tweet about us and use the hashtag #SportsExposDen !
Imagine reveals that she is actually Thomas Pynchon.
You seem distraught lol.
nice to meet you too, wendy.
Checkout my opening day story on 9news at 9pm tonight! Plus other weekend shenanigans!
Thanks for following, Marcus!
we have Horses here!! And nice campgrounds within a few miles of here.
Yes, sir, louder always makes an unfunny remark both funny AND worth repeating.
That onions have become indispensable to my nightly cooking blows my mind.
Been workin' on final show with Sheri all day.Don't miss next 3 days for sure.
I knw but will yu be here, that's the more important question??
Excited to start twittering! Stay tuned for updates on our programs fundraisers and other news!
At ! Taping a performance just for you.
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY MICHELE :) you & austin deserve just the best <3 have a wounderful day :)
Günter, I'm having trouble getting the link to work: can you please repost?
hating is the scincerst form of flattering.
yet another thing we have in common <3 can we hang out tomorrow?
Go for it all
Holy crap, yum... RT Lamb shoulder: Braised, cooled, fried. Blue cheese grits. Tomato jam. Thursday. Come and get it.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
thanks my dear
You're right. Wouldn't it be great if we all took a moment everyday to do something to make ourselves good role models?
Franchise #Tax Board. Issuing two news release this morning. Watch your inbox.
The Local Natives pandora station is really killing it for me right now. Spot on. <3
WHEN DO YOU GET YOUR BRACES OFF!?
thank you, captain oblivious [to sarcasm]
Great to meet passionate educators like you! MT : Attended this great conf! Looking 4ward to collab. w/ some great people!
Watching The Vow<U+E034>
I'm a big fan of the Bourne movies, but what about vantage point?
": Bout to tear up this Jerk Chicken" take it easy man, savor the grub lol
A year from now you will be glad you started today.
I suppose I could just wear my snow boots, snow or not. But, it's not much fun unless I'm tackling snow drifts up to my knees! ha
getting ready to take down a massive tree on my fenceline today.
Hi lady. How are you doing you fantastical runner?
$9 web store to help pay off your student loans
Ah, no, sadly.
wat up mane how you livin
Happy #Brewers Opening Day 2012! Any predictions for the season?
Oh my Zayn. I love your tweets! They are so true! (: xx
It's just barely started where I am haha it's only 8:13 x)
thats cool just wornder i have tweeted u in a while
so everyone in my house is getting sick, vomiting sick
STOLE my crazy straw. That straw is mine!
Flacco looks a little rattled.
Okay. If Aria , Spencer, Hanna, and Emily think Ian is hiding someone, could it be Melissa?
Sunshine came home last night.2weeks missing, all skinny and scraggly but he's home! =) TOMCATS.
I think the worst team is the Panthers. Nuff said.
Coaching Basketball
It's funny how the media complains about BP's PR blitz, but they sure take the $$ to run the commercials.
John Hughes Drafted 87th Overall By The Cleveland Browns In The ...
ability to sort by price/bedroom in the listings could be helpful. looking at 2, 3br places and can't compare just overall price
Interesting. Worth considering that digital media stimulates the human "machine" beyond its processing capacity.
I need to get rid of my friends. I've noticed that my personal life is starting to interfere with my doing nothing, but watch sports.
Empty As I Am--Matt Spencer
Aha good to hear! He's 13 next month o.o
Tears will get you sympathy. Sweat will get you results.
I just want to get pictures out of it without having to e-mail them.
C'mon #Mavs..we must win this..!!
RT : oops..cut thru a tendon in my left thumb with a butter knife..hand surgery to follow.. /Guitar sabbatical?
Yea man been out here for three weeks.. Great place for artists an producers... it's really thriving out here man
Wuz up follow me
Hi Keith. My friend told me I need to know you. Can't lose w/ a recommendation like that! Howdy.
what the flying gammebrs
thanks for the follow. Glad you like the video. One love
it's not you it's me.
Well that's because we're sisters… and we love each other
great job! Content/time ratio was fantastic! Dense, informative, and helpful
long live the white knight!!!
Ingram or Bradshaw?
Are you outside today in this warm weather?
My bed would feel real nice right now. At work...getting money feels better tho!
stfu..whos gonna stop me? How about you dont tell ME what i am? stop wasting my time and stop stalking me
A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory.
Special evening planned in celebration of 's successful Vegas shoot. Dining at AquaKnox, then checking out the
i'll get out the mouthwash if you talkin shittt
The problem doesn't lie in being cool enough, it's in being too cool.
WOMEN: Does you MAN cum too early during sex? Message me horror stories
Just because #Philanthrofest is over, we don't want to lose momentum of changing lives and making a world a better place!
Today's epic throwdown: Pumpkin spice latte vs. gingerbread latte. Starbucks drinkers, discuss.
rather be drinking from the #kobekoolaid over ur #haterade Kobe hits shot to get to OT with no time left
If they weren't so freaking crazy about account security, my problem would be nonexistent.
The #NCAA bball tournament is getting underway, who's filling out a bracket? Pres. Obama is picking UNC to win it all, who do you pick?
Crabby Pants day 2 huh?
follow me and I'll follow back
That was funny. I would add photogs too.
yea he got it bad! Saw it on that bryan stars interview and pictures
Never thought I'd see the day when I'd turn down a fight party invite. Long day. Really wiped.
one more time: today I set my intention to see good and extend love to all who cross my path. yes, even drivers I would normally cuss at.
Saturday was the craziest i've ever been lol smh
Hey, thanks!!! ": Gm, another Nati native checkin you out one luv"
just doing my civic duty :)
Be sure to follow for your chance to win signed DVDs, posters, & t-shirts from !
just wanted to let you know the police data was updated on ODP (in case you don't have wkd email access)
Mane i would love it if somebody brought me something to eat right now
Forget what you feel Remember what you deserve
this semester is gonna suck over 9hrs of classes on thurs =/
Should we watch Leprechaun 4: In Space or Leprechaun 5: In The Hood?
Q: What do you make, grow, or do yourself rather than buy?
Happy New Years to all my friends. Well the book "The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers" is about to be published. A great work book and my…
LETS GO #USA! LEADING ITALY IN ITALY!
excited! much love .x
ID LIKE YOU ON A TRACK BOO.. WE COULD MAKE A HIT ;)
Dear candidates what do believe the Mayor's role should be in developing and supporting LA's cultural infrastructure?
you go girl!
Woah you sure they are "beautiful" chicks?
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP
Sweet tea and lemonade - Arnold Palmer - yummy.
Would love to discuss doing a strategic partnership with your business and my exec office suites business
Appreciated. Through stroke of luck, we were front row center for that play. I fear I am spoiled now for other seating.
RT : A4: Being flexible shows genuine interest in collaboration. Being fake shows the need to be likable.
I try and respect people's beliefs. But, if your 'beliefs' allow you to justify bigotry and hate, then seriously, fuck your beliefs.
yea not happy about losin Shumpert or gettin David stern. Gm 2 we ll see what's what.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 3
10:38p and I'm just getting home. Offseason??? Yeah ok
Me&My Bros&Sisters Made A Disc For My Mom With Your Sonq "Turn To You" Next Step Is Chocolate&Flowers:)
"me and snooki...eating cookies...in the library." oh austin. lol
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
that sucks
oh my gosh... I'm at 299 haha
i just need god to hear me out on this one i need someone to talk to and i need advice now man going back into a hole i swear
Drummers! Why do you need to be so hard to photograph!
like in men in black! :-P
How was #SpeedoMonday?
Hot tub and snow.
Focus of CML's Job Help Center: referrals, support, and access.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. -Dalai Lama
what are you referring to? I don't know anything about it? Flyer?
RT : Cinco de Mayo, Chuy's Annual Hot to Trot 5K...and let's not forget MARGARITAS! It'll be fun. Register here:...
#blogtreds chat was great - I read more than I talked today! Busy watching #metgala Thanks again
You are a mess! Leave that man alone!
A funeral would go by.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hope it helped, Radhames. Let us know what happened.
Who lives somewhere warm and wants to trade places? :P
The DHC crew is at for our team retreat today. Great to look back at 2011 successes and look forward to the rest of 2012!
#IrishOpen soft field? oh and of course (satty in onetime my boy)
I would like someone to submit a reference request to LBJLIbrary so I could justify investigating if LBJ was strapped
come see me now!
So I'm getting drunk on Mother's Day...how cool...
We just need to pin more folks. :) “: Yeah, I am only non-official person pinned. AWKWARD.
hi <3 how was your birthday? :)
Upgraded the Police Station by reaching level 10 in the Law Enforcement Career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
every book you've ever read is just a different combination of the same 26 letters
Go #Badgers! We have $2 tall boys of Bud & Labatt and $5 Bloodys during the game!
aw. Pinchos are so not real pr food. You need some yuca and tostones and lechon. On second thought you need less pig in you. :P
omg, how?
3 loads of laundry a DAY?! How (& why) do you do it, superwoman?! Geez Louise! ;)
Tweet days, cheat days. Gateway obsessions.
still working on it ha
do people expect teams to go defeated every year? I remember 90s and appreciate team we have now
Here! Here! RT : #astdchapters REALLY excited about the ACE this year- offered by our chapter
There is a drug that makes u orgasm when u yawn
Wearing sweats, hair natural, no makeup, and I'm sick.
will have a new release tomorrow morning Alert in the am
Interviewer: "Miley or Selena?" Zayn: "Miley." Harry: "Miley." Liam: "Miley." Louis: "Miley." Niall: "Demi."
I'm at AFCH with NBC 15 for Radiothon!
This random storm though. I love it.
Catching up on revenge , so good..
Delighted to realize that I can walk for an hour until my next appointment... such stimulating solitude is the font for all my best ideas.
so did you slap her around yet?
Clear Harbor closed, at Wheelhouse
Nap time.
They always say... Do what you love!
flyers duh. I follow mah boo laviolette up the east coast
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
It must be enrollment season! 840 students and 979 advisors viewed a DARS report today.
Total character! RT : I wouldn't be surprised if 's driver gets a spin off show on
I believe you can get a device from Logitech that works with the PS3 so you can do IR… assuming you can get it to work...
#DiddyGethard makes me believe #saveNBCBFF could work.
Attract Women With Sexual Chemistry You can’t focus on thinking about sex. You have to focus on getting into her head. You want to connect w
Broncos need to sign Marcus Stroud, perfect fit & reunites w/ Del Rio. Preach it on your show
Cutting down on caffeine and decided to try to make it through the dat without coffee. Wish me luck!
..either way, I enjoyed it!! Ha
lunch train building up steam
ok, followed :D
RT 2 new coffee shops coming 2 the neighborhood: Metropolitan Coffee in new residences on Central & 1 next to Highland Tav
can you turn your laptop on
Scott has taken the boys out for their first FREE COMIC BOOK DAY! (first I put free comic but then realized I watch too much Big Bang Theory
just lifted weights for 1 hour and burned 378 calories. Total burned so far: 441286 calories! on 4/28/12 at 9:36 AM
Cool, have fun! :) thx! RT : Getting in my last day before it's back to work for me! Have a great one.
What?!! I don't believe this RT : When people wake up from a coma, The first thing they do is masturbate.
Unfeasibly excited about having a half day today
its raining in the BVI but we're still flying
#SaySomethin OMG IT'S AMAZING! I can't wait for it to come out!!! :'D
word up bitches
We left @ 7. Really enjoyed meeting you both. See you in the Ville.
Note: #thatcamp is still okay too & I'll still use that for tweeting our #sessionideas so everyone can see how awesome our ideas are. :D
Hi John! This is Antonio from the religious studies days of old. Hope you're doing well!
Best to be single at times
please wish a happy birthday today
Love my mom :)
Happy Birthday to my lil 1 year old nephew Julian & Happy Birthday to my Aunt JoAnn McKay in Heaven today!
livin the dream
These are the same people who keep going to Starbucks.
Grades almost in, I'm back to twitter, FB will have to wait a while. I'm sure I was missed:-)
Work in Chelsea and live in the Upper West Side. Happy to provide you with any tips / resources you need!
Mr. Lee!!! Welcome aboard!
Did you see #DETROPIA last night in #Sarasota? Let us know what you thought!
Poverty is a bitch man
Awesome! Enjoy!
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 110 in the South Africa with #autism! Join us in the fight.
Sounds good to me!!! RT : 75 degrees at the brewery today. Kind of makes you want an ice cold Cream Ale.
Breaking records with
i can't yet... i want something when i buy that ill actually like for long term...
Did JLo just do the Rihanna pussy pat on American Idol? Christ...
heard some tracks im an a&r in the A we need tracks!!
My greatest fear in life is not having a big enough impact on someone's life to always be remembered.
We're doing well too, just a little too busy sometimes :-)
congrats! nice design
Agreed. I have 300 students & 6 TAs in 1 room. We routinely break into groups to accomplish tasks. Students love it.
can't wait to try out NARA's prototype of Online Public Access (OPA) in early 2011. Feedback encouraged thru social media.
Ha ha! That's wassup! Juke them s#!+s!!!
Since the recession its been hard for strippers..
Come on down the the #FireStoneDistrict it's happy hour from 3pm -7pm. $1 Olympia drafts and various food items!!! Don't miss out!!!
Dope! artist will be dropping a brand New song today at noon off his untitled upcoming album. Rt
#Cincinnati cops run over citizens sleeping in the park now....um...NOT OKAY?
Wife and daughter are confident they saw a golden eagle on the power line outside our Ann Arbor home today.
Any Eyes Set to Kill fans out there?! We are playing in Anaheim @ Chain Reaction with them and Modern Day Escape on December 15th! <3
mixtape coming soon "Da Kid Dank" "LET'S FLOCK THE INDUSTRY"
Natalie Merchant's upcoming release is tracks of songs written using poems written by 19thcent poets
"There is often a big disparity between the way in which we perceive things and the way things really are." ~Dalai Lama Quote
We need a word for "Hey I need to talk to you when you're ready. Just seems like a lot to say to someone who you're not trying to interrupt.
-- and a whore with a few tricks
Yep, he's right and with us already having our car broken into last year--it's just not smart to advertise us being away.
HappyNewYear to all our amazing interior design partners! Thx 4 an amazing 1st year!
noble experiment and cafe chloe tonight. perfect friday night in east village. and, you know, i feel like i deserve it!
thanks so much make sure to share us with your friends !
Why I <3 : Browsing it gives the same high as an epic shopping trip, but without all that traveling and putting on pants.
my phone is about to die because of twitter and tumblr
Follow , he is truley amazing. (:
Thanks... I'm trying to get them to my niece so we can do a cover on them, but I can't find her on here yet ?!? LOL
Sons of guns isnt bad :D
im drunk on you and high on summertime :)
is my fab to win. Good luck!
That was a good birthday. Ready to celebrate Friday-Sunday now!
It would take more effort to develop all of that stuff from scratch than to totally overhaul 2010 visually, in my opinion.
idc!! Im legit wearing my crew neck cause i miss him :(
Woo #Bruins WIN.... What a shot
Old ass pics put a smile on my face....
Only if AMC Stubs gave me points for all the advanced screenings I attend there! Haha.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love school.
I'm fine, Roberta, thanks! We are past the blossoming stage of Spring here. Wish it would stay around longer. How are you?
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
is excited about a big announcement this Wednesday...stay tuned...
Get your TonyTat original art pieces. Still have 23 originals left. Need a tattoo design, album Art customized to fit you and your business.
you there now?
RT : RT : Satisfied customers are an organization's most successful sales people.
"And then we filled it with the cheese of dreams. ... Don't ask about the beans."
What's up Paul B!
Where? Need ideas...
Tip of the day: the more you know the less you have to listen.
hoax or not, I'll still be watching this one
Get ready for the most exciting team since 2001 with #MontaEllis #Ersanity running the show.
what are you talking about? I never said I was leaving I just said that you and Allison think that I'm not.
ok crazy idea sent! Easy idea: make a west coast , that looks like easy money.
Did you actually go hang gliding?!?!?!
Have a great thanksgiving everyone! If you're looking for a good read, check out the Cambridge Press site!
Me too. Might be there soon. Have fun!
10 dollars to whoever is willing to move to brazil with me <U+2600>
Its crazy how both my grandparents was tagteaming a piece of ham off my plate
Leaving your babies mother to take care of your seeds while you chase tail #storyofmychildhood but naw
RED VELVET PANCAKES!!! Kristen was an Awesome server!!!
He wanna take me out, I've never been on a date...I can't I'm to nervous
The serenity of existence is often challenged by the existence of serenity.
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : My ankles are ashy : (
Here We Come
Rondo is out for the season
lol sounds like it
WATCH Magic City! Nuf said.
EII twitter'll see you later
I'm learning everything the disorganized hard way cuz of her methods. If I don't get it, i'll be back at library! Hope not!!
Who says Baseball players aren't tough?
follow me for tweets from our Lord!
A black theater in #GA hung a sign saying "Negroes only. No whites allowed" during #JimCrow. How should we read this?
Tebowing is now a graduation celebration. Atleast at UF.
No free refills on lemonade anymore? Means no bottomless Arnold Palmers. Still love the iced tea though.
All night at Celler Wine Bar- no tv, good music, great wine and tapas.
Scott Garrett statement: thanks tiebreaker John Farmer Jr. for new #NJMAP, looks forward to continuing work to cut taxes, spending
NFL draft guys in tonight HOT
this two hour glee special!! <3 way to end this season xD
0kc and Dallas
You're stupid for carrying your cash box out in the open. I don't care If were on the plaza. Dont make yourself a wide open target
I have found that Excedrin Migraine + Ben & Jerry's Cherry Garcia will cure any headache.
I wouldn't be able to get through it without your support, thank you!
What do you have going on Saturdays? Next month I'm hosting food truck festival and events every Sat in Feb and beyond! ; )
RT : "Rejoice in this day of life, being willing to follow Me wholeheartedly- wherever I lead," -Jesus Lives
no. I'm at work. But since I'm a huge dork I'll tell you I said day one he'd pick the crazy model. You watching on vacation?
but a nigga from nat alex are that flats as long as it's good music I fucks with it
niiiIiiite !!! hope fans enjoyed the episode and hpe america do 2!!!! this is ur day woo!!!!! <3
You're the best at #FF shout outs. Thank you.
Just realized that in the next 25 days, I'll be traveling 13 of them.
Morning twitter family! Be blessed! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Favorite commercial so far, Gillette man grooming tool.
Morning Green Bay! Gettin some breakfast then hittin up Lambeau Field :) Checkin out Hall Of Fame. mentor is Vince :D
haha i just need a vacation in the sun
I'm happy to be writing some markup after a week of analyzing data & writing reports.
Neither can I! ": Thanks for the follow. Can't wait for #Royals season to start!"
Crackheads dancing under the bridge making my day
unfortunately yes.
facet mapping, be prepared to meet your classifier.
I want to make a ton!
I think it would be cool to collaborate on an art piece with Mixed media? Painting? Illustration?
Does anyone know any prison librarians? We have a question for them.
New favorite song
With about 1.4 million people in SA we're the 7th biggest city. And of all the rappers here, I like maybe 2 or 3 (including myself)
3:45 a.m. dance part to Destiny's Child "Survivor". So there's that.
Just got home from #gctreboot2012 thanks to for being great co pilot. Tomorrow will be hard but SO worth it! Thanks all
how much fun is 's new book? you should brake for your own copy!
It's amazing that our gvrnmnt allows our 2nd largest natural resource (oil) to largely be controlled in the most volatile part of the world.
Fully funded for - filming starts on Labor Day
#MyThoughtsDuringSex "Stop bitching n take this DICK you FREAK ass BITCH"
"Some have happy endings, some are bittersweet, but I love them all and thats what makes my life complete."
Dieing me hair!!
That's the plan. Frank is contemplating a Southern Virginia blogger event the same weekend. We meet with our party planner Sun.
Why should we try to think outside of the box when there really isn't one?
Heavy Guilt mobile quartet at 7th and Red River in the Whole Foods Tent 3:15pm.
u want b dissapointed
There is real love just as there are real ghosts; every person speaks of it, few persons have seen it
your sister is cracking me up ! I hope she gets more air time she's hilarious !
My pleasure!
Subway station is flooded and closed. Great start to the week!
I really need to change my twitter picture. Its like a year old now...
CMA Awards tonight!!! Ready to see !!!
thanks so much! we have a couple shows lined up in Nov and Dec in LB. I let you know as we get closer! :)
You're correct. :) I reposted!!
Day Two of shooting is underway, one scene down already...
My spring break is next week; I can't decide if the person who planned this is crazy or just a fantastic troll.
Need to stay focused today...can't get distracted by, oh look a new Tweet! :)
How I wish I responded to my tweet. but it will never happen. o:
Thanks John!
Ah, the condescending tone of a form rejection that expresses "regret"--only so much secondary meaning fits on a business card-sized slip.
been wanted to collab wit before j.cole. one of my fovorite song writers.
The highest recorded human scream is 129 decibels. I just hit 127. Here I come Guinness World Record Book.
I dont Believe your Words Most People are Pussy...Scared to B What God Had Made Them to B....Cudder
Love the Coke bears...David Beckham, not so much. And I can assure you I don't have that many tatoos.
Thanks Chris! I look forward to seeing your next movie, too!
...that had not received the official stamp of New York-based magazine full-bleed jump-the-gutter black-and-white advertising.
I know I have said this before but let me clarify.... Cancer REALLY sucks!
B.B.E BITCH WE DO NUMBERS!
Ok cool. Should I plan on being downtown at noon?
“: With all the Avengers news, I almost forgot to wish everyone a happy "Star Wars Day". #MayThe4thBeWithYou”
"I just want you, to know that you are really special."
do I know you from tumblr?
Check out at ellyclay.com! They have great handbags and cute wristlets too!
Gay as in homosexual?
are a series of expletives what you're referring to ???
muah ha ha ha! M
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
Your welcome!! :) xx
Can you navigate against a backdrop?
Shimada makes me really nervous... not sure why
Faculty Academy program is so packed that for the 1st time, I can't fit schedule-at-a-glance on 2 pages.
#HoodAccountPasswords pink friday
Heading to Public Works!! Everyone should come check it out it'll be a good time
eat all the food you can today!!
some ppl r so stupid.smh a person life isn't a joke
Finally got the word 'poop' on draw something. Now what...
-Big thank you to Curts B. in the Tampa claims office for excellent service in helping me get my car fixed after my accident!
IT'S DJ FLULA C'MON
"Can You Walk Away?" opens today in the Robert H. Smith Visitor Education Center, which is open from 9:30-4:30 Mon-Sat, and 10:30-4:30 Sun
Looking for a gluten-free meal? Stop in today at Los Equipales Restaurant for lunch and ask us about our gluten-free options!
Interior designers seem to have the most ridiculous Starbucks orders by profession. Someone should do a chart.
RT : WHEN DEM PANTS DROP, DEM BANDS DROP ayyyy
not at the moment, but I did all day yesterday. awful. How is that song on the radio in 2012?
Finished my Justin Bieber thingie.
Something or someone in this Metro car smells like low tide.
idk maybe they already tied once.. Yea english media trippin but it is manU not just any other club
Thanks for your interest! We have just confirmed our speakers RT : Do you need speakers for this event?
“ I can't even explain how relieved I feel to be a senior..I really don't think I could take another year of high school. #sodone”
Be. Give. Receive. This is the formula for how things work for positive and negative feelings. Be Love, Joy & Light.
I was set to give up on counting steps!
Of course it's also National Poetry Month!!
Oh, you don't know who I am? I'm Samuel Sullivan Cox, friend of the Letter Carrier! I'm kind of a big deal around here
In fact, I don't particularly like that cat. But her half-asleep / eyes-closed laying on her back like that was humorous.
Going to bed.
Who are your favorite #filmmakers?
I'd rather fight yoda in a light saber battle than go to work tomorrow
Dreams are not erasable!!! Capture them one dream at a time! Destined to make moves the right way!
When you encounter a wall, tell yourself: "Since there is a wall here, a wide, open expanse must lie on the other side."
u good milly m m
and and possibly go after a Nash or someone on that level? thanks.
Waiting 4 the #bf3 update on #xbox360 this week read it's 1g of memory #WTF they better not fuck it up!!!! <U+E311><U+E113>
Hansen's pass is complete but the Buffs lose five yars
no way to justify not tipping unless waiter didn't do their job or was rude. Eat fast food or get takeout if you don't want to tip.
We're doing simplified sea pennies! Crochet for beginners! Since you already know how to crochet, please join us!
Haha yeah. How's SC and the tRap game?
As a #Taurus your ability to do so many things so well is the reason why some people are just going to be insecure.
Dear Coors Light, we get that your beer is cold. This is not special to your beer. Other beers can be colder, potentially frozen.
#WhenAustin got his ears pierced. <3 RT if you love his earrings. :)
With compassion comes responsibility. - Rabbi Brant Rosen
Thanks, Katie, had a blast. RT Thanks and #uwsocial for having me. Always fun!
I'm bout to take a nap after I get dressed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> I'm just too tired
This record is gonna be a headphones-on kind of record.
Follow & for announcements about the 1st broadcast of
Eh Swammie Is Finally On Twitter --->
yes darling ^_^
Oracle V. Google Jury Deadlocked? - InformationWeek
#ThoughtsWhileRunning wait it's been 20 seconds and CRAMP
From 's summary of the report: "schools with a higher concentration of students in poverty are less likely to offer arts education."
He just got called up from A Rochester, where I watched him play while interning. The dude is pretty solid, ain't he
#TimbersFC Wanted: Left & Right Backs + Decent service to Kris Boyd.
I look like such a creeper in that pic. Lol.
Sorry I took so long. I actually don't have any good contacts for Spanish translators in SD. Good luck!
#lessexcitingbandnames Jefferson Airport Shuttle
haha yes lady o may be the coolest chick i've never actually met.
I made it to #Phx. I hope to be back in #rva in 6 hrs or so.
looking in the mirror again?
It flowed really well though, so don't worry about the call ins! You can have to led us in more later. All good!
Feedmilwaukee is now on twitter
If you had the opportunity to take a VIP reporter to eat ONE thing in the city of Cleveland where would you take him/her?
I have never seen as many people ride bikes as I have in #Austin. Except in #Amsterdam and I am not sure I was accurately viewing.
It was awesome, thanks for posting it :D
Billy Butler
I got a million ways to get it Choose one Hey, bring it back Now double your money and make a stack. On to $400 HOSE
i got u since im not a sore loser like you
#followfriday! please please follow me <33
He dares to be a fool, and that is the first step in the direction of wisdom. by~ James Huneker
:O por que?
Does anyone else drive on the freeway like they're in a video game?
blame it on the bacon fog :)
why do all hot and cute guys come from canada ...like seriously why cant there be more of those here in NYC
Twitter suggests I follow Oprah/Taylor Lautner/American Airlines/Joe Biden. Answer: Umm no/I'm not 14, or a girl, no/Seriously? No/Hell no.
Fake it till you make it.
"never forget you"
This is quite the brickfest by the Celtics, go make a f-ing layup!
its ok. Still think you rock;)
I'm doing a dessert sculpture on a naked girl 4 a luncheon 2morrow. Any ideas, apart from the obvious cherry placement?
thanks for climbing aboard, darlin! RT me and I'll swipe you in for free.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
I love she's so pretty & such a great actress. :]
tore up her song Beautiful diva. Much love!
When you feel like giving up, just remember how far you've already walked to get here today.
This summer needs to hurry up…
OMG eve is hilarious
Newest Launch www.priestsoul.com
lol yu get on me yu know what time it is
Quote of the day: "Gotta work at what you do and go for the best."
How fun! She's a little darling. Love her so!
Because the good will of those we serve is the foundation of our success, it's a real pleasure at this Holiday time to say "Thank You"!...
nah i feel you.. just had to call it out it was sexy tho lol
Well twitter nation I'm about to go underground so keep safe in these streets see you sooner than later... Love, live,learn!!
OK. Ranting done. I blame for linking to that rolling stone article. Go back to your regularly scheduled Friday night.
so sad about Junior ..
Remembering that time Beautiful Boy got drunk and stared at himself in the mirror for 15 minutes... I kinda miss Beautiful Boy.
If someone asked me "what poet's work would Kira carry today?," my immediate response would have been Rossetti. :-)
I didn't know u was back In town.
Calling all Chefs! A legendary Cleveland venue is seeking the next, hot chef. Connect with us if you fit the bill!
What's the movie?!
cool. I'm on stage jammin' to Fitz and the Tantrums! Awesome!!
thanks!! I just finished tagging tonight. Yea!
my boy always got that on deck so Ive been giving in to that recently, definitely #highstatus lol.
#FF love to fantastic #health and wellness tweeps!!
Long day..tried to hang shades but nothing is ever as easy as it should be
my bad.
Great new show at the American Art Museum-"Multiplicity" with stuff from Chuck Close, John Cage, Kiki Smith, Sol LeWitt, and more. ChkItOut!
Screaming I Can't Take It No More .
Summer must be on it's way because I feel the urge for day drinking coming on #alfresco #qualityoflife You with me ?
Sick of trying to master work/life balance. Too many rules, too much guilt. Work-life integration is way better.
Check out behind the Mic! with the artist from the www.youtube.com/user/210micpass
#rememberwhen justin bieber wasn't famous? yeah i want that to happen again
No work for me today
You are not a photographer…..You just have an overpriced camera.
"Yes, they were the Marlins at the time." T-Mac, ladies and gentlemen.
I wipe my ass with polo toilet paper
Sure do. RT Do you start your day w/ email produced by ? You should....
Nyckelharpa duet practicing session.
Jessica Sanchez sounds just like jennifer Hudson
Thank u all the people who support me I wont let u down I do this day by day
um...I know it is heresy but...I...don't really like fernet...sorry...hope this doesn't impact our friendship.
whats good bro
Thanks! Some great news articles in this issue!
Midwest's Best Burgers via -- Hooray for !
Just got done eat my breakfast from McDonalds
RT : Number one skill students and educators need today: creating a network for their own learning. bit.ly/kTQ7Ab
i miss you <3
Sprung Niggas Be Quiet!
Truth. Mr. Universe has been off, however, Philadelphia's offense is pretty explosive.
What is black and white and black and white and black and white?A Newcastle fan rolling down a hill!
J. Peterman is narrating this dog show. Where is mr. pitt?
Listening to John C. Reilly and Christoph Waltz speak about their movie, Carnage.
Thank you for sharing my webinar today. Always enjoy , coming from VC world it makes me smile.
two things. Storage unit is a go? And I'm gonna miss you i never said bye ms espana!
Caught a guy doing something in the locker room, you know what I mean? can't he wait till he gets home? Is it the aroma?
good stuff, TY!
I know
it can happen you just have to be really unlucky
RT : Just a complete sad day in the NFL!!!
As Visanthe Shiancoe's fluffer. There, I said it. RT ": Greg Oden reportedly received offers to work in porn..."
You're done already? How graphic was it? Glad you liked it I am having cihcken dinner now :)
Not that I want to be a member of Yakuza, I just like their tattoos.
Time to train. Early morning gym flo.
If u a jump off be good at being a jump off
I got hacked on Twitter, so reset my password. Does anybody know: is this enough? Way to report these @#!s?
Super stress. I have 100 things to do, but no time to do it
Happily in Boston for the weekend! Cheers!
I don't speak French ;-) All is grand.
I love that Dick Leinenkugel just quoted Fat Bastard from Austin Powers!
His big ass always standin at the door waitin on dis mail every day!!!! I bet ppl be scared AF to walk past dis house...I kno I would be ._.
The way we talk and the people to whom we talk creates, sustains, and sometimes destroys relationships, organizations, and communities.
Please RT for her 21st Birthday! She absolutely adores you & met u in Pittsburgh! Biggest fan! Loves u. Thank u! <3
Haha. You never learn. You'll be in sit for the rest of freshman year..
Sometimes the first thing that pops into your head is the last thing that should pop out of your mouth.
Follow he follow back
Receive a $25.00 Stateroom Credit on Disney Cruise Lines TODAY!!
Are you guys all ready for the Snowshoe Pub Crawl tomorrow?
RT : Like a good neighbor, state farm is there!......................With Pau and Bynum showing up in the second half!
Meeting with folks to work on exit strategy. We're working on handing over a collection mid-process. Hard to believe our time is almost up!
U.S. Senate to hold hearing on Universal-EMI deal
Guys that will do things just to make their lady smile>
Follow so he can get to 1700! He likes Odd Future too so.
Our Spring Opening & Plant Sale continues tomorrow 10 am - 4 pm w/ tours & children's activities + food truck joins us for lunch!
Conflicted and PO'ed /:
Wait til 2012; you're def getting coal from Santa for your 2011. ": Totally gonna try being a nice person one day, you guys."
please follow?(: I love you so much!please follow Jacob!<3
Hurry up football season, it's time for the titans to get a ring!
plzz follow me i beg you like it said on the letter !!
What campus are you going to attend?
Mark, please get a base hit!
I still got that jacket
I'm trying to connect with girl scouts of America. Any ideas?
hey did u get my tweet?
she already did I was pissed man I start to tell her fuck that I'm heading to skool lmao
LOL I've been #paleo for about 18 months now. I've lost 30 pounds (not that you need to, obviously). btw, i consider red wine paleo
“: is probably the best person on the planet.” << I have the BEST followers!! Love you guys!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Has anyone started thinking about Teen Read Week? I'm brainstorming some ideas. Would love to know what you're planning!
I am a headshot photographer in Philly area, do you need updated headshots for next week! See camseaphotography on FB
Thought I spotted Gov. Christie at the Columbia, NJ rest stop but it was just some other fat douche.
I forgot how many cool features has that it's taking longer than I expected to build out the features page...
thanks kid, can't wait to come check your shop out ...
Anna Wintour spoke to us today, Kim Kardashian will never ever ever get back into the Met Gala! that she never worked for anything in life!
We're at #HWW2012, listening to Regional Director Ken Munson and WI DHS Sec. Dennis Smith discuss health reform
Every morning wen that alarm goes off I jus wanna say fuck that job....but my #getmoney habit is something I can't break
That was a Optimistic fan making excuses & stating delusions
Listening to NAACP General Counsel Kimberly Keenan speak at the CBTU Awards Dinner in Buffalo. Powerful words, powerful woman! Go NAACP!
Ah! metadata jokes...
like, she seriously thinks i give a fuck and it's sad.
Join us for Happy hour, just starting! Food items from $2-6, drinks from $2.50-6 and sports on all the flat screens!
give me a shout out on that well done 3
That's a crazy addiction. She was "The Bomb" !!!
Overheard at church: "He learned the photon torpedo from Henry." - Boy, 6
lol ha she said sorry
So, the website says it's sold out. Did I need to get a ticket? I thought it was just a show up kind of thing.
The fact that you telling me it's cool if i go on a date lets me know you doing the same.
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection
About to go check out think like a man
Still pretty chilly out; its the thought that counts though; amirite Dr. Feelgood?
Back to la today
eron riley is on ur practice squad it looks like.. and then kyle mccarthy, i dont know about.
Goodness no, we lent our voices but #ColorofChange etc have been heavy hitters on P&G. But it takes a chorus, right?
If anyone feels the need to find sex distateful and bereft of feeling just in time for New Year's, just watch
A great rain for Houston today. Good thing I mowed the lawn yesrerday!
heyy (: nothing much man chillin! You?
I knew I could count on you. :)
Slightly different than how I imagined it, HUNGER GAMES really rocks as a movie.
haha glad you didn't that made my week
May 1st, 1707, the Act of Union joined the Kingdom of #England & Kingdom of #Scotland to form the Kingdom of #GreatBritain |
“: A 16-year-old boy died after masturbating 42 times without stopping in Rubiato town, in Goiás region, Brazil.” monks bro?
yes, no duh--Tina Fey in a dramatic role is the whole awesomeness of the idea.
That was the fastest Andrew Bynum has moved all night trying to get outside to take that 3
bahahahahaha we have a winner
I got plenty sauce , call me rago # $auceeeeeeeee ;
Nice! :D Yeah, the mailing list is a HUGE resource. Lots of *amazing* people on there.
Let's go
Thanks, Thibaut! That means a lot.
Im a gentleman. I know how to treat a girl. I wont EVER hurt a girl. Yes.. we exist.
Definitely got to be the first to launch things. Be way ahead of the competition.
Why do the world's problems always get overshadowed by celebrities?
Thank you and give my best regards to Shelly
have fun in Japan!my mom lived there, theres so much fun things in Japan!Jade is very lucky to be with you!Love you & have fun!xo
honestly...they know who they are
3rd is Rice University as Judge Hofeinz secured oil rights for the school.
Zumba= fun! I have video. Do you take a class? I would love to be in a class!
I love to make art that is out of the ordinary, that makes one feel or thinking something special.
HAH good one. Count Eli's rings THEN compare peyton to Eli. Stankin up Denver.
#sschat, The sts write scripts for newscasts or reinactments, use a rubric to keep sts on track for writng,let them be creative for filming
why in the hell my followers keep droppin??
I need more followers follow me and I will follow u I love u all so much
"I'm American who gives to his country. Even when I make it rain, I'm giving it to Americans. - Floyd Mayweather jr
I know, she dont listen to anyone, I tried telling her!@ Next time she come to BK you tell her lol
I missed it :-(
Had so much fun yesterday at the #RecruitCamp UnConference. Can't wait for the next one!
If your in town for #westweek...stop by Christopher Farr Studio and check out MK Collection textiles and new rug designs
hello friend my name is fernanda c. your friend of school :)
One less lonely girl coming on in chili's. >>>>>>>>>>
At the game with and #DCU #VamosUnited!
My question is did LSU practice at all over the month? They look terrible!
Overheard at #IHOP: some guy reading aloud his dissertation on the merits of Clarissa Explains it All.
Officials make use of services from collection agencies to track down nonpayers of civil traffic violators
Don't get all pissy. Just some #rsdiu real sauce drink it up. That prove I'm actually a fan?
Never lose yourself in the process of valuing someone so much that you forget that you are special too.
Hadn't tweeted in a while.. felt like I needed to
A freshly opened tower of blank cds smells like maple syrup
Tonight at work, someone checked a backpack at coat check that had a dog inside. A living dog.
yes, we are a very happy family! :)
RT : RT : Big Welcome Home to the homie #QUEENS!!!
No problem. Just get the aspect ratio correct. Thanks. Just discovered the problem. Using #AMIA11 and most others using
Shoutout to my "new" followers...my bad for the late follow back
“: When your in Sunnyvale, Liquor is considered a food group.”
Live your dreams....
Thanks. See you tomorrow.
woohoo! follow me!!!
I'm aghast that ANYBODY wants Santorum to be our next president. What ARE they thinking?? Hey , what's the weather in NZ like?
how is track season?? Muncie 70.3 will be a fun day!!!
I think I would like to sit back and reread Rich Morris's The Ten Doctors sometime this weekend. One of the great pieces of Who fiction.
They discontinued rainbow twizzlers? There is no god!
Do I like the song 'Bring me back to Life' by Evanescence?? Uhh... yeah, I did... but then the Kidz Bop version ruined it.
Step Brother
come over and straighten my hair......
no diggity... No doubt
idk when we start
GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE - tonight at 4am. Dean Martin in THE SILENCERS + EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. mai tais & movies. no place but Frankie's
stealing your idea...
Excited to shoot with and John Andretti this morning.
Thanks Tim. Hope the full response was helpful.
LOL I am working with on a 1 minute spot to post on YouTube for Olivier is my guinea pig on Thu
Nirvana's Nevermind album gets me so hyper x)
says im influential about #champagne and #drinks. sorry for partying.
no doubt
Love the rooftop at AMLI On the Boulevard!
First five minutes of this second half could decide the game. So far so good for #Vermont after five quick points. 35-23 UVM 2 mins in.
lol that's my college email. Pretty much the only one I actually check.
2012 Best of the Best Awards... and the winners are: Best Studio: Azmyth Recording. Best Producer: Travis "Kold Kut" Moore.
I'm BLAZIN' ;D
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a sexual abuse victim's life spiraling out of control.
Lord thank you for all my wonderful friends and family. I am truly blessed!!!
The only thing that could make this night better is
so goodbye everybody.. .
Thanks boo!!
I'm glad I no longer have to read what I write to my madre cause sumthing about her mind I have to explain in full detail every sentance:p
My pet rock was used to vandalize a car window.
I have to choose? He can't just make me both. My other dream has always been to become a man with a suit.
big ben and marty on DP this morning? nice.
tweet tweet...have a great week! :)
what guy
is it possible for someone to have a diferent personality when they have a guitar in their hand and singing? cause he is a real jerk mostly.
Helped out an old lady in the laundry mat by buy the socks she sells hopefully there good ones and not itchy
yalll yalll yalll hah i like saying yall. i always do. omg i need to stop
jennifer hudson sounds great, admittedly. but i would have liked to have heard dolly sing her own song.
has seen your last tweet? Thats so sweet <3
Interview tomorrow.
I m addicted to the song thug le <333
It's moving along - slowly but surely! Thank you for asking!
Though, I completely forgot about the 'Canes. My apologies.
I bet<3
I was right! Thanks to quoting and in my Bio 100 final I got 100%! A for the semester!
its me your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick i kilt that pussy and grabbed that knife now ive got
5:40am and guess who's awake!
Saying home on a friday night and playing my xbox alone.
girl y'all a mess! Lol
Dont' forget, we also have the #best #mojitos this side of #havana in #nyc. #HappyHour #specials drinks are half off from 3PM to 7PM!
I was complaining about this in my 16mm film class and the teacher told me to deal with it cause it's the way of the future.
` Bout To Go Eat Ill See Ya Tmrrw : )
So when I tried singing Ludacris part in "Baby" by i learned how to speak yibberish :D
I hope he starts touring the country. Right now he's only doing shows in Cali.
waving at you way up there from Wichita..... Had fun at our rainy state fair
I'm finding out that MKE as a city really respects its bus operators.MKE off duty.
Durant seems to have fixed is shooting problem
We need more braves games on TBS.
About to watch Jane Eyre.
is coming out swinging at Newt!
THE COLUMNIST, with John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines, opens on Broadway tonight from
Destroy What Destroys You
If you don't decide what your life is about, it defaults to what you spend your days doing. ~Robert Brault
HA! You guys are awesome.
unstream made my day(:
Can't sleep.
Do not pray for an easy life. Pray for strength.
such a beautiful woman
Going to O's game on Sat night w a pretty fun group. Pickles pre-game and all. You know you want to.
A6: no big regrets, but I have learned so much from mistakes. I am learning to enjoy the journey!
Wallpaper tiles would be fun too. I wouldn't hate seeing that pattern all over a wall in my office :)
no chance of rain for Prom night!!!!:D
Officially cancelled See parallels to a first girlfriend situation. Good times, we grew together. Moved on to something better.
:O I really liked!
Sounds good! I'll be around next week, definitely.
I caught the awesome bug too; hearing it all day long at work.
Nah, I don't glorify the penitentiary, I talk about it because it was a huge part of my life. What were you dong at 18 yrs old?
I love it there!
I'm going to a Cubs/Braves game today. I'm going to cheer for both teams. Twice the excitement.
Pacers are killing it let's go!!!
I would digg the Bury Brigade in a sec!
Sleep for mama, !
Of course! :) followed!!!
I love you.
match one
Need wisdom for your love life? Come check out our new series called "Love Life Rehab" this Sunday! Your love life will not be the same!
Wow! Just saw highlights of clippers-grizzlies, wish I could of stayed up for that, who doesn't love a comeback?
I thank god for waking me up this morning, & for all the ppl in my life.
My first kiss went a little like this.
Yes. wtf Twitter...stop being an asshole twitter...dammit.
Basketball then family today, gotta love Sundays
I'd rather be alive than to deal with your oppression.
nice meeting you today!!
Roses are red violets are blue its timf for u to follow me:-)
... and it usually ends at the time parenthood begins.
Potential wedding caterer is a BBQ place out near the "Holy Cow" ice cream shop. Sounds promising!!
Staying the night at Sam's \m/
My brother is going Miami on Wednesday, so not fair! And I'm stuck in this piece of crap.
I'll get down on my knees for you.....
Painting to video—I feel like painting is very "new media" in it's process. Did you find the transition to be easy
I stay on Facebook like Suns defenders stay on Laker 3-point shooters. Far Far away. ;)
She just did it again, without a blink!
“A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.” -- Hunter S. Thompson
Hey its #followfriday. Wait no its not. Lol who came up wit that anyways? Ha classic!
Great indian meal... St pete feels a bit like india... Think humidity
I'm hungry. Someone should take me out to dinner at Peter Luger stat! Or at the very least Boulevard. We both get coffee and everyone wins
Anthony Pettis has the meanest head kicks!
I been seein a lotta heads drink those lately. U co sign em?
New Belgium Shift, never had it before. Good stuff.
well that sucks
I'm turning into such a softie<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The men's US Open final today will be a Djok.
With you, I'm stuck in the clouds
Orioles heads aren't in it tonight...
Seth Godin giving a great talk on "what's now" in marketing
I know bad boi
I'm sadistic. I go to the supermarkets to watch mothers lose it and beat the shit out of their kids.
It's at the end of June, so I think it's too late for dept. funding. If I can scrounge up the gas money I'll go & stay at a KOA
I'm jus sayin he don't dress like it lmao
haha meanieee. But seriously I'm envious. I need a beach or a pool
I really hate what you've become
sending positive thoughts your way. You are a very strong woman. :)
been waiting for southbound light rail for about 30 minutes. Broke train.
Man . I'm not gonna do no hw today lol
thank you Long fight for the middle class survively .u in the city
yesterday way a great day for Team Go. Gotta start getting some more ads out there though...
its not trending here
Sleep make sme feel drained but its the only time I dnt notice figgments of my imagination coming to life :p .
my friend, who was Hari Krishna, is discovering "Life is so much happier with God" Praise Jesus for revealing His truth and His love!
I Love Living Life !
Interesting. A is your friend.
Wicked Carnival apparel will be coming to a store near you in the near future!
I love that played Raise Your Weapon on the
When somebody tell you "You good" that means your a non factor
it wasn't below market when he signed it. He needs to understand that he's not getting $24mm/year when Brady/Manning get $20
Responded to FIRE @ 135 Palmer Road, St. Regis Falls, NY 12980. Red Cross auto update.
Returning a movie w/ from red box was a fail the movie is in her xbox :D haahaa
Panthers fans...look at your timeline. Which writer employed to cover the Panthers is answering questions, giving info? I got nothing.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society
cause am either getting ten or forty depending if my dad chooses to wait or not
Can't wait to do it again! All new guests, games and hijinks: Friday Nov. 11 @ 9:30pm
oh yes. I am working on it now.
": Tim asking if you can pencil the Brewers into the playoffs?" Yes, they are still my preseason pick for division
Mama I'm coming home
More wins for Vancouver USA - State Girls BB Champs! #Prairie & #Skyview!
If Andrew Ott can make Paulina Rubio super hot in her videos, I can't wait to see what he'll do for us at the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conf!
If you have a triumphant story...... We would like to share it on the KOKO Dennis Show. Email pic/story to
Hey Wayne! why have I not seen you since you were outside work in clifton?!
Ctfup Why y'all at my house eating my food my mom made ctfup.. Idc I Love y'all :)
There are soo many good movies coming out soon!! Can't wait to see them!! #TheVow #TheLuckyOne #HungerGames <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Ok gaga, this Joe act is just getting old
Thank you Sean. Why id Gods name are you awake?
going pee in the Venice Beach bathroom =
Don't wanna work tomorrow if I have to start at 5:30am.
And is awesome. I totally want to direct it.
Can it really be true? I have shorts and a tank top on!
Hasn't stormed this hard since nam
Thanks, Pat!
I also want a new DSLR that crushes the 7D so hurry up with that , I don't want to have to threaten you with a switch to Canon.
Thanks so much!
#Syracuse basketball goes 20-0! Best start in school history! Go 'cuse!
According to the President of Florida Naturist Association and South Florida Free Beaches, we'll occupy the only beach canopy at Haulover
It's been good so far. Just getting into therapy of things, but made good connections re: iPad lending.
it's all worth it of course
is she ok?!
I haven't been able to spend as much time with God this week as I would like ~ I'm so looking forward to a solid 2-3 hours bible study today
Challenging Richard Lugar is beyond me.....More nukes the better so when Indiana gets hit by an ICBM I'll blame it on tea time
Going to Sunset Place. Gonna spend that cash flow at Forever 21 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
you the shit for that
no one wants me. I'm broken down. And I have helmet-hair :(
you too!
Everything gone be fine !!!
Well he gone take wat i give em
"He sees two moons" - Benjamin Franklin on being drunk. Presumably they were both in the sky. #18thCenturyStreaking?
yeah. you forgot about your abs......
Nope! It's "Say what you want".
Yeah “: is that the movie with Channing tatum & Rachel mcadams?”
Omg! I miss this. RT : How is everyone's #Bateman planning going? February is Bateman Implementation Month!!
Woohoo! Party in the snow tonight! Free show Friday @ Legends! It's warmest closest to the stage!
bracing myself for a day of internet asceticism
Barbie, in case you didn't know, is "really smart," evident cause she speaks in a "fancy voice." Barbie talks?
At Car Crafters, we use nationally recognized standards to determine whether or not a part is repairable or must be replaced.
Can't lie, Dropsy Brain gets me all the time.
It teaches me. You teach me. When i'm down i think "What would Justin say?" &' When i say its bad .. it's bad. tbc
Cheers! And
How great is that! RT "The Super Bowl overnight rating in Boston was the best ever for an NFL game in that market (56.7)"
#SMW Speaker Dupleep Wijayawardhana discussed "The Three Es of Empire Avenue: Engage, Expand, Evaluate"
lol I plan to :)
I'll take 10% for electrical consulting support
Yeah!!!!!! Love It!!!!!RT : #PanAm is still alive and will air through February, says ABC President Paul Lee.
kind of want to register for ALA conf
its all good.. its just a small one ;) and it would be cool if we could put them in our house lol.. maybe one day
Whats is the Problem??? :I
You're moving AGAIN? :(
Did you know EBA clients and customers include world-renowned medical centers, professional sporting teams, soccer moms, & active retirees?
hike. if you see me carrying what looks to be a rodent...dont be alarmed. it's only Lola.
Lol! RT : Ghanaian Pidgin is lyk a powerful irritant in my ear drums and it get worse sef.. So bloody nauseatin ...
Twitter says we have 0 followers and 0 Following WE just had 192 followers a sec ago ANYONE else having this issue??
Santorum? SANTORUM!?.... Just pick Romney you d-bags. Santorum is a messy mess that no one likes to clean up.
Smart play by Watson draws the foul.
#3losingseasons He needs right kind of players with a worker's mentality, otherwise he's screwed. Cal can mold near anybody.
David Nour is our guest today, talking about relationships in business! Great stuff! Join us!
ok man
Jonathan Medved - Israel's output on research is multiple what you're getting from (investing in) Harvard, MIT
Recording tomorrow.
It's all moody portraits of douches and the suits they wear. But super-well art-directed! And there's lots of booze.
Emerging markets boost Electrolux profits in Q1
New years resolution: get signed to
Some of those earpieces are so hard to see that it looks like the people are walking down the street talking to themselves
That's what the Red Sox get for trading Papelbon lol
Worst regret = Going against your gut feeling"
Andrew McCutchen the other? Kemp? Granderson?
Thank you SO much!!
They have many loyal fans here. Plus they went through a ton last year
The first track it's playing is by Mickey Hart. Not a promising start.
We're getting closer and closer to the launch of SmashtagConcepts.com!! Start camping out in front of your laptops now. :-p
RT : So apparently, Wrigley Field is the only ballpark where you can throw a home run ball back onto the field. Lighten up ...
I just finished #1q84 last night. Thanks for writing an amazing book. Were you a fan of Darby O'Gill and the Little People?
don't forget the water too !
skip is like tebows angry wife trying too defend his honor
"lookin like a bag of money <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>"
Never enough time for fun stuff. Tonight: grocery store, play guitar, learn some javascript, read "Pygmy."
look forward to the festival..
Lin is the story of the year...he is lighting up the Lakers like an All Star
Vikings players hit Capitol as stadium vote nears
i love it austin (:
Grass fed beef
Facebook&#39;s Creepy, Mesmerizing Roadshow Video
will that land use debate be pre-primary?
I am therefor I would :P I wanna go to my friends house and play mariokart on n64
If someone betrays a friend, then don't be surprised when that one betrays you...
Do you have any upcoming twitter chats?
R.Emerson, It is one of the most beautiful compensations of this life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
bored as hell..wat u on
4 more days till the color run! Yay!
omg this is going to make me cry. I wish things wouldn't change so quickly
why you delete fb
wait so the ref of the current paper would ask me to remove the reference to the other paper for blinding purposes?
The critics keep saying Keira Knightly was miscast in A Dangerous method but c'mon. She's always in period pieces. Like Star Wars.
I've been flipping between Saved By The Bell and Friday Night Lights on Netflix...High school was different in the 90s....
Just finished rehearsing. starts on east coast in 30 minutes.
Thank you for the review & delicious pics! RT : Full review is now up!!...
My feeling hurt real bad I'm off to bed now good nite
Nice to connect with you
Yeah! Thank you, it's so amazing....
You gets no love.
Explaining to my friend what Google Wave was.
If you’re bringing your phone, camera, or other valuables, make sure you have a safe way to carry them so they don’t get lost or taken.
Back to 505 area
B/C of the recession from Bush and you that we have started to recover from thanks to O.
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+9EC4><U+8272>(<U+9EC3><U+8272>)[huángsè] yellow
also Mexican Soccer Playoffs! and LEON FC wins Liga de Ascenso!!!! LA VIDA NO VALE NADA!!!!!
RT : Much to be thankful for today. A special thank you to the all of the teachers working so hard each day to educate our kids.
I'm jealous!!!
it's cottony fluff.. Isn't it? It's all over at my place
new , feature on Dr. Stanley Greenspan, nice mentions of & as well!
I put u on my list
My new intro will be premiered in my next video on June 3rd!
good luck today Frat! First in 4 steps to get another ring.
used it in Philly for homecoming last year, got a fantastic deal on a great place in UCity. I'll shoot you the link
To embody the Soul is relaxation, peace, calm, bliss - our natural state.
Do people know what DRM is when talking about online music or content?
I have an "alternate" google notifier I signed so it can store separate account details and run two at once.
Ready, get set, go!
UPCOMING SHOWS......THIS SATURDAY MAY 19.2012 in baltimore for THE MAYORS SUPER SUMMER FEST...its from 10-2pm...100 N holiday street
Mexican Tycoon bails out NYTM
Heading over to KM camera, renting a big lens and shooting stills at the Gotham Dance Company's presentation of "Shady" at the Joyce Theater
It's great on burgers! I'd almost put it on toast!
tell us how you really feel ;)
I've seen him twice, both concerts amazing. My students love the social experiment he did, playing in the D.C. Metro.
I have to clear my mind! ! But I still have no one to trust
Study: Depression 4 Times Higher in NFL Players
I am so sorry. It is very disappointing. If you'd like to email lori I will gladly discuss. Thank you.
I thought it was because of the me and
lol I'll have to see it
fuck i wish i was at your concert... instead i was stuck in the car with my mom drunk puking on herself... fucking gross
awesome thanks we'll make sure to check them out as well thankyou.
Girls say I'm to nice
#ThatAwkwardMoment when everyone asked who #Donny is
Pineapple, orane, coconut smoothie from Surf City in 30th st station just made my day!
Better yet would be if you got an applause break when you walked in the door.
I got new contacts and these are a lot more comfortable
Thanks for following!
can i get a follow please, and how happy are u ot have Crawford as a teammate?
apparently, i look mean. >:(
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Special week in Buckeye land capped with Final Four tomorrow.
Who called it": With an entire quarter of garbage time coming, what are the chance a Laker or two DOESN'T do something regrettable?"
...Oh, geez, now there's an ABBA song stuck in my head, too. FFFFUUUU--
we all miss u so much! We need to get together over summer!
ok i dont
If a Lion swallows his pride, does that make him a cannibal?
What shall pass...gas!
On our way!
DA news conference at 10 a.m. today to address South Bay corruption. Media credential required. 13th floor press room.
Shxt fa the birds --
Very interesting article, Thanks for sharing!
Next up: Top 10 #CRM Best Practices. 10: Leadership Buy-in & Support Are Critical. Make sure CEO/Managing Partners understand key biz lines.
i'm attending avengers! will i see you at the screening tomorrow?
it breaks my heart too
Yes, seeing it Sunday. Trying desperately not to get spoiled.
I wonder what Ray Allen's mom looks like??????
Great night:)
Last day smoking , wahhh :(
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 1
I'M SINBAD IN THE FLESH FOOL...!!! LOL
this is at the forefront of jquery innovation, in the future, if we're lucky, every web site will use this on every link.
It came to a point where it turned into a futile attempt to undo all the wrongs.
--> RT : your the reason they invented subway ha
lol my mama said georgia people cant damn drive , dress .. like where that come from .
cannot contain my excitement for your concert tomorrow boys! i expect loads of hugs!! xx
idl I feel like I don't go on enough and people are hating me ):
yes! Been meaning to get a hold of you. I'll be driving to palm springs all day tomorrow so I'll be free whenever
"Your love so real. I'll be a fool to play...play around on you. I want to stay with you." Jon B- They don't know
I really enjoy getting walked all over.
babies need you
Weather forecast will be too... rain. MT - "Family Night" details for 2012 season revealed tomorrow morning.
RT :can't wait to go watch WICKED at popejoy this afternoon with steve and crystal!
Just discovered Google+! EEk!
Don't worry about people in your past. They're not meant to be in your future.
Welp I guess "casually going out" turned into a party... why does this always happen to me?
Go go
thanxs for the follow boo
Answer me. Does a bought and paid for Congress not concern you?
Just made 200 followers!!! Thanks y'all...
it's possible; everyone's body is different. some people do really well vegan, some people don't. it's biology.
In Miami, just finished my last long run before the race.
Hilary Rosen goes from "Meet the Press" to "Meet the Pests"!
Our team is playing the Lakers in a 7 game series. Metta World Peace is bringing his elbows
MCA and the beastie boys are dope and he will be missed…
Hey tech writing academics! Are you following yet?
thanks for the feedback today. We'll get it done.
what could be going on? It's the great big mystery of this century at this point!
lol at least you didn't eat the whole bag... Also chocolate is good for you lol
Work dont stop. I move according to the work
I will never hear the end of this from all of my friends who go to Kent State
I have the hiccups.
chilling @ home
Completely new experience!
Doing our part to reduce emissions - take the bus, ride your bike or walk to VIA today and get 20% off your bill!
do either of them involve a snitch?
Omg u don't take notes and u can do calculations in your head ur so smart
man, 3 OTs for a loss. painful. RT : YOOOO! Just saw my man on tv at the Heat-Hawks game!
- fixed!! thanks for the support!
fhdskjfghkhgksjdh JASON LANCASTER JUST TWEETED ME. excuse while i go shit myself. okay.
My perceived indifference on #Occupy is not that at all. It is a mix of fear and reverence. Together they are paralizing.
Spin me around this big ol' barn, tangle me up like grandma's yarn<3
I wish I was sleeping as well as the guy snoring next to me at the infusion ctr. 3rd Benlysta infusion is easy peasy!
I do the same thing.
Hope this will be a good 2 hour show.(:
GOD I WISH I WAS BLACK
Those are not even close to be the top 20 breweries in the US.
It is better to be beautiful than to be good. But... it is better to be good than to be ugly. - Oscar Wilde
Sodium Chloride is being used on MN roads right now to make travel safer.
RT : Kirk Cousins goes to to back up RG3. Best remaining QB is probably Ryan Lindley or maybe Case Keenum.
oh yes! Say that one more time...And it is momentum that can't be stop.
done :) good luck to you
it's all the folks connecting there to go to NOLA for the final four. NCAA doesnt hook the dr up? Shame
CheeseCake Factory Sunday Brunch........ Gotta love it
Want me to play the family man ill spray up the family van
Caught singing in public. Again. To the guy that was blocked on the sidewalk...behind me, my singing, &killer Mariah moves..I'm so sorry :/.
Still plugging away at these rosters. Strength management is a beast.
I'm always gonna call u that now...eskiho
Well thank you! That's really nice of you. :)
I'm on twitter all night
Damn.... Really sorry to hear another kid died from that school shooting yesterday.
goes to see Art that cannot be named
Jay and kayne got a lot hits, long list
no hun stay its ok I was just wondering we can talk
Your brother is Dustin Waldron I assume. Congrats to him.
Thx for the support, RT Staff!
Let us know if you need any help! We have a ton of scholarships on our website.
imma bring u ur dress tomorrow... I promise, sorry for the delay
Heard Tea Obreht read tonight. She balanced excerpts from her novel with backstory about writing it. Great way to engage the audience.
hm good question.. what are you doing tonight?? Want to grab a drink?
Hope she heals up well! Lost my cat to cancer this year. It's so hard to see them go through that.
so I only eat meals for social purposes. the rest of the time I put whole foods in small containers and graze.
He also said it's ok to have sex with ugly women. I'm not sure how to take that.
Aw. Happy Birthday!!
RT : Love is like a gun.. If you play with it, you WILL get hurt..
In line for Super Secret Screening - let's go AVENGERS!!!!
I'm going to go do awkward things with awesome people. Or maybe awesome things with awkward people. I'm not sure yet.
Ugh, seriously. That book is epic. And then when you finish you're like, huh?
Almost time for hey Arnold (:
Wow! We are so awesome :) Yes! We were meant to be friends! I'm so glad we are. I wanna see your cowl when it's done, ok?
sorrrryyy, my friend is on my twiittterr .! :)
It's kinda sad watching deadliest catch knowing that Phil died. RIP Phil Harris.
This is a question that all parents must ask during every night-time: Where are my children?
Toured Woody Hayes Athletic Complex today. What an incredible work of OSU football's storied history an rich tradition. Can't wait for fall!
There he is!!!!
<<Follow the new page>>
yes! They're a great source of protein and healthy fats. Just don't get them salted, only have them plain!
Had this one in the line-up, Omar. Great minds...
Physics 232: Robbing young college students of their time, freedom, sanity, anal virginity, and dignity since 1937.
Yea This Summer ; Since im not going nowhere .. AGAIN ! lol
Mention deez, shun. (this has been a test)
i hated when i cant find something. Lol
I have absolutely no experience with 5-inch heels. I think will corroborate that statement.
America celebrated its first Labor Day in 1882, when 10,000 ppl descended on the streets of NYC for a parade to honor the working man.
We wanna include u in our article promoting #AtRisk #IgnacioSerricchio #JodiHarris are in it!
The e-mail odyssey just never ends for you does it. So what'd English Mr. Pike think of our classmates' grant proposals?
Fab pants! x
It's not that I'm not photogenic, it's just that I cannot be captured in only two dimensions.
#listening to mindless behavior hello
that's what I feel like saying right now haha
The pumps at the new gas station near RIT have the little catch thing that lets you pump hands-free. Why is this removed everywhere else?
Isn't there a slaughter rule or is that just when I drink beer and a play softball with desk jockeys?
PIPER'S SON is AMAZING.
Ridley wins one for 'Schnell' A bobblehead doll of longtime Ridley assistant coach Carl Schnellenbach sits on the mantel in Jalen Randolp
“: Big shout to for helping setting my partnership w thanx guys”
holiday season 2009 coupon coming shortly. we don't do many specials as we are already 30% cheaper than most of our competition!
#Writing eases the mind and invigorates the spirit! I make it a habit to write everyday...So can you!
#saturdaylibrarian and it's such a beautiful day outside. Go out and play, people! Don't be trapped indoors like me! Read a book outside!
Here it is again.... Inspirational Thursday! :)
Off early!! About to go get my main and spend the rest of the evening with him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Lucroy stays hot with a double.
-This bitch is saying bugs will if i'm a bug then you is a ugly ass bug.....
Home! Actually had fun speeding to get home...:3. Got stuck in traffic. Played bejeweled...still made it home on time.
If people LoL-ed in real life as much as they do in texts, the world would be a really creepy place...
Keep ya mind on ya riches
slowly but surely we will cover your entire feed in tweets.
when we cruising?
Isn't that green slime algae? As in, "your next tank of gas"?
Hey, Fred Thompson just endorsed Newt Gingrich! Cue the crickets.
do you remember what excuse was to security that got us on field at 3 Rivers Stadium? dont ask why that came up 2day lol
Who will be in Charlotte, NC 4 the conf? Would love 2 connect with you! I'll be there Thursday afternoon.
Search for hashtag #DigiMe to get panelists' tips ... What suggestions are you hearing for revamping your LinkedIn profile?
My brother, but I miss you cuzzo. Remember that day we spent together playing Uno with the old deck of Uno cards? lol
It's official: I'm now living in the Twilight Zone.
Don’t undermine your worth by comparing yourself with others. It is because we are different that each of us is special. Brian Dyson
Wyoming! Back Tuesday. Thanks!
Hi, everyone. This is Doris. Here is a special place for me to share my "Sweet Journey" experience.
You thought you had a real threat with all that lawyer talk huh? C'mon big man. Get that lawyer on the horn. Why you scared?
Back to the AFC North grind tomorrow. Illness has knocked me out today. Sorry friends.
thankfully it wasn't as cold as last week!! but yea it was a bit brisk. I figured I got some air time as I was following Brady.
Here comes the walk off...not good.
Off shopping and for a full English breakfast, then sofa time
Yes, straight away. Drummed into me at school in England I guess. Plus I'm a nerd.
And bachelorette party weekend begins!!!!!!!
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
same here(: I'm like addicted to twitter it's insane(:
Boehner disses presidency, Obama takes it? Obama should show up Saturday without Boehners approval. the president can go where he wants
Or Yikes!
R.I.P. Maurice Sendak
“: Giving your friend the "what the fuck is this" look during a test.”
I am with you. Good lord deliver me from ever seeing that movie.
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit."
dylans british accent < british people
not only am I watching the draft, I'm DVRing the ESPN feed while watching NFLNetwork feed...and switching back&forth to rangers.
is in the middle of seminar week. As always, making death and taxes fun! :)
it's alright, with friends just watched the M's game
ah - yes, I forgot...so I put on 10 lbs and have a year to lose 'em
okay let's go
Tonight's screening of BATTLE ROYALE has sold out! Look forward to seeing the second wave of fans tonight!
yeah be jealous! lol whats your favorite cereal though?
We did way more videos then tht we just havent put them up.yet.
Do you love any sport? Which one is it? Which team do you support?
I just witnessed one of our actors give the finger to one of our child actors, so Saturday is going pretty well so far.
Surgical Technology
Atlantic City, dinner then tonight....
PPS I miss you too
"Callie did you just come in the kitchen and turn the lights on?" "No mom, you never turned them off." "Oh i thought i did."
At least we'd know that Romney believes people into rope play should be able to get married.
Half these hoes on fb postin sexy pics broke as hell and livin at home or wit a friend.
#ihatewhenpeople at like evrybody wants to be like them... L.A.M.E.
What is an astronomer?A night watchman with a college education.
Did You get Your Star Wars Cake Yet? HaHa(: Happy Birthday Prince 1~4~3 <U+2665>
I'm loving this rain for our farmer friends -- I hope it soaks in and helps them grow beautiful crops! :) Happy Thursday everyone!
.night the for retiring finally .work with obsessed pleasantly become again once have i
Nice weather makes me listen to bad rap music.
Almost Friday. #good shit
Happy Birthday
Poor baby...!
I love that show!
finally watching East-West game. I can see Matt Conrath as a late round #Packers selection.
#Pens, you're killing me!
I never thought I'd miss my home town so much
Fire tie the Sounders tonightg 1-1 at TOYOTA PARK. Go Fire
well if you get invited I better get invited too.
“How could any rational being even dream that man was a rational creature?” ~ John Adams, 2nd US President
R.I.P Osama Bin Laden - World Hide And Go Seek Champion (2001 - 2011)
The pig roast was great. Perfect weather, great food, fun tunes, and a fantastic group of people.
Lunch with my mom in downtown Naperville :)
It's a beautiful morning, Haha. So good to wake up full of life! Have a good one
hey nick its jess. Check ur phone.
Sierra Club endorses Pastor Pat Spearman for state Senate | This is ...
Who do you have for the Super Bowl? #Patriots or #Giants?
awesome to see more people playing racquetball. how often do you play? where do you play at?
Happy Monday.. 50cent wing day!! And Hospitality night.
Hilarious how Bill Lawrence altered the opening screen to Cougar Town sine the title doesn't make sense
I think being a blogger's kinda sexy now, don't you think? I'm always intrigued when someone says they're a blogger.
What do you like to use better Makeup Forever or Chanel Foundations?
I don't understand tweets but still I follow.
Always get w/ the #FF luv. so when are we going to do coffee sir? Happy Friday to you as well.
kels and chad left. I hear them fighting. :(
its a good day to skate....i think im going to the skatepark 2day and learn some new tricks :)
Its been a good fucking week :) hopefully this snow doesn't kill my mood
Please trade Josh Smith
operating the crime aand terrorists watch program with my two service dogs, i need my electric wheelchair to be retrned from the repair shop
lucky for you, i made a new batch last night~
RT : As we begin to wrap up, Id like to thank all the great participation, especially to our new faces and anyone lurking!
I know. I pretend I'm bisexual so I can justify a nugget combo
Nigga we all going to the mall so put on a adidas jogging suit don't try to out dress nobody....
I thought about taking one but thought it'd be weird hahaha
Comedy Store tonight 8PM- I'll still have my makeup on from my photoshoot today...so world, I'm ready for my close up.
Exhausted after today's audition, and prepping for another and a shoot tomorrow. Yet there will be sleep... Soon...
it's like that dried pumpkin squash looking thing right?
better and younger than Nazr and has more length than Collison. Thunder doesn't have a true offensive post player
good...that tweet was mostly for you.
It was beautiful. You are so lucky! RT : It was a Gr8 day for a ride! “: 60 degrees #rva #wbgva”
Feeling whiz'd out I think i'm gonna go home eat some tostino's pizza rolls in my pink Ed Hardy pjs & watch old Jem episodes.
please follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Thanks to all the Santa Fe folks who came out to the Cowgirl last night.... It was a fun show indeed.
There is always an aww-inspiring number of young dads bjorning adorable infants at the whole foods.
What makes your pussy any different from the next hoes??
Bad hair day w/ urge to drink &fight like a drunken Ernest Hemmingway with a machete. Chingasos-a-go-go!
The real crux of this story is that you were eating tofu. You think you know someone...
ugh this account too?! Fucking Internet...
The Prime Time Shuttle to LAX is pretty unique, it stops to pick up passengers and also stops at Jack in the Box.
life is too short for the bs..live and learn
haha, nope just black and white for the most part. We're due for a beer.
#earlyworkout this morning was great! About to start two a days! #PuertoRico trip in 2 months!
getting dressed. getting my baby together....... What to do today?
whatever happened to the mixes? I used to look forward to that podcast more than This American Life. :(
Just finished the Deforestation of Liz project. Apparently, shorts and leg stubble isn't a good look for summer.
I find it interesting that some people can run off 4 hours of sleep. The most interesting thing about it is that I am one of those people
At the Esperanza spalding concert
What U think of as "Green Tea" is dishwater. Try matcha. It's so green it'll make U shudder (& the caffeine'll make U quiver).
word to that sister
Travel back in time for Groovy Science at the Francis Branch on February 2nd at 5pm. Ages 7 and up. Pre-register online or call 282-4641.
Huh. Interesting. I've seen far more "graphic" things on FB. It just seems like people zero in on the ultrasounds.
's bum is on the printer
Seriously, Fulham. I got up for this? #COYW!
Yeah I can't sleep
Loving my honey and cinnamon paste for getting rid of zits in under 24 hours!
On audio, finished THE CUT by & loved it. Started TRACKERS by , read by - very promising start!
Happy Mother's Day to the beautiful - she has to deal with 2 kids. :)
Today was a good day. And Eleanor Roosevelt knew why: "Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people."
Ok. Good. I love you, Mik. Never forget that. I will meet you both some day. You're the bestest friend I ever had. <3
Why don't you just ask him?
and meh, guy = gay 2 posts ago. what a contextually awkward typo explanation.
I have a creation of my own! ^_^ ugh i cant wait to find out wat im havin! I swear im to hyped! *Fingers crossed for a girl*
Had a great book club meeting (4HrWorkWeek) w/
annabell by arttm is probably one of my favorties by them
starting my GGS smoothie today only green I like is lettuce hate veggies will I like this..bought vitamix pls RT back super fan
How is it that everything says is wrong. One would think that once in a while...nevermind.
feel better lady bug!
Whoa, Madlib is coming to NY in January. That nevvverr happens.
Right? Like #19thCAmericanists?
[This is Good]
nahh I'm fine sir(: but thank youu
University Ave construction <<<<<<
Where's my cellphone? I think you've seen it. I had it tucked behind my Smith-Corona.
I'm so loving 2k12 rite now cuz is going hard this year we taking over MB takeover baby <3 luv u ROC
Loaded our $19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies! Receive amazing savings on Zutano & Kissy Kissy Layette!
OKC is an exciting team, but you got to respect Dirk. When he's on the floor you can never count his team out.
hahahahahahahha u had to finish the sentence?
U are my superstar <3
Hey dude watch this video you'll pie your pants it is FUNNY as hell oh how I love the video it might take a while to download
Does he even wear shoes?
Is #Following : thanks friend. I help other's too. View my profile web addy for my info.
i think i'm going to have to try that wonton recipe first ...
Not me.
Dude went to jail and gave up pork but still won't pay his child support #BackwardsAassNi**a
Sweet! Looking forward to it. #summercamp is the best!
A dress for a BBQ? Must be a fancy BBQ. Have Fun!!!
lets remember mr. jimmy norman, i was blessed to have the chance to hang and play with 1 of my fav songwriter.
I think its so cool that one of favorites on JS, played soccer like I do:) awesome!! soccer is my life <3 Tweet back plz??!:) ily!
Less than 36 hours until Cubs opening day
Ya know, just hanging out with No big deal.
The slushie machine at Sonic being broken is a crime against humanity.
Recording session with and Za' firah, then mixing for and
he sounds pretty amazing
It's always fun walking around the hotel with , Caleb, and Kyle! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
This is only applicable to me, I think, but even the pit stops are out of my way. Because, yeah.
what? I want pictures:)
The time change caught me slippin
you guys are on the road to fame<333
Of course! Haha I like got dermits if I sneezed too hard. Teachers hated me there
WHATS GOOD WITH YA CUZ, WHEN U TOUCHING DOWN IN THE EAST AGAIN
Spending my 22nd birthday in the library
they must've been some really special boxers... ;-) hahaha
They got any size 8s ?
im all yours
RT : Apparently, the Boston #Celtics made a midseason trade for a 23-year-old center named Kevin Garnett. (via )
Yeah, it's hard to stay on one subject for me. And yes, all those guitars are mine. I have a problem. Ha ha.
Good talking to you today lil bro, even if it was only brief!
I Seriously Can't Wait Til The Summer
Have a great afternoon all!! Time to go back!!
Nobody gives a fuckin shit about you and your stupid boyfriend. don't make 5 fb statuses about him every fuckin day. Dumbfuck.
I could tell by just looking at you if you are an ass man.
aw you're so sweet
#durban can you give me tips on what you recommend to do in Durban, So. Africa? Where to go on a safari? Where to shop for gifts? what to do
U do have the hottest SHIT! I have ever heard, lol
will you have helicopters too, to film them? Heh
yay! What movie?
I just watched Paul. He needs a shirt.
text me!
Omg I know I was mad! I told , I really don't like iconic boyz anymore...
MAN I WANT TO COME THERE! LOL
wait who's gonna be PUNKD tonight?
thanks Kelly! I'm editing some pictures now that you could use. where can I email them?
yeah I bet. And im doing great, we got full rides to this college in Atlanta
hey, I'm right next to you
This is what happens when you're watching a game, designing stuff for a wedding, and are starving.
Are you gluten free? - RT Gluten Free Pizza or Gluten Free Pasta for lunch? YOU decide! Just got our G-Free Pasta in!
Remember to see me off everyone around 5 all stop by! At my house! Ask me for address if ya need it :)
oh yes i did just go there !
What up Stephan? Rock on brother.
Doesn't take much to school a hypocrite loser...LOL.
: Point of reference: Master P is a classic rap artist.
i def. tried to call ur monkey ass again
..sorry, but how? Actions can appear different to others, what one calls "love", can be obsessive & abusive to others savy?
Another round of buyouts at the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. It's been two years since I left the paper in the last round.
I ran across a picture you took of me and you crossed my mind. I can still hear you saying you love me when I close my eyes.
I wanna make you another beat! Holler or send me an a capella to fuck with.
who is the most annoying sister out of all
Dear Steven Tyler, Kelly Clarkson just showed you how to do the National Anthem. That is all.
Saturday Sips continues tomorrow with the one and only Todd Ruby from 2-4 p.m. Hope to see you for a free taste!
Sittin in the house bored on a friday night
#WeWontWork if you cant kiss me in front of your niggas .
Are you trying to commit suicide by #KidneyFailure ? LOL
The 1st Lady is concerned about the health and well being our youth and we should be commending her not condemning her.
If you're coming to Back Bay Social, they are at capacity BUT say you're here for the 80's party and downstairs. We are locked and loaded.
"Open different doors. You may find a you there that you never knew was yours." –Bert (Mary Poppins)
I bet i could get a date with #IfIHitTheMegaMillion jk:)
Wow RT : The upper peninsula wants to be its own State??? Even Michigan doesn't want to be part of Michigan???
Anybody have any great plans lined up for the 3 day weekend? Any adventures planned?
You still have the open mic at the VICTOR HOTEL on MONDAYS
Can you play #ClassicGirl tonight? Wanted it played at wedding 16 years ago #FatherInLaw wouldn't have it.
It's in the building! The tricked out iMac editing / content creation station is here!
This was in fact, by far the worst/funniest Friday ever! #Crazy,Isn'tEvenTheWordIWouldUse
Looks like and her breakthrough might be next!
for the record, is instagramming photos of our dog.
little boy: "my computer froze." me: "you broke it?" little boy: "no, it's just froze." me: "you broke it."
Christopher Guest & Troupe - Fabulous.
That is VERY true!!
Damn pat summit done
More & more research out there on lack of evidence for learning styles theory! Stop wasting instructional time on inventories and such!
have you tried it?
that sounds like you did them a service to me.
#RESPECT RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 40-0.
I honestly believe i have a kid somewhere that i don't know about
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do. ~Benjamin Franklin
Movie time. Game over. Pitt vs Green Bay
"Don't live the party, be the party"
You're welcome...I'm nice that way.
Why do I see many people saying that they're going to delete? These are memories you dont wanna forget!.
well, as long as the Dems don't have 60 votes in the Senate McCain and the GOP would fillibuster free hugs.
elaborate!!! Define: all
Miss me with that fake shit ain't no time for it niggas barely reaching 25
You think the neighbors would notice if I threw the entire sink full of dishes out the window?
I am completely fascinated by Betty White. The world is so lucky to have her!
Oy vey. RT : Among those trying out at Chiefs rookie camp: TE Martin Rucker and ILB Leon Williams--both have ties to the Browns.
Darn you, Ms. Hoff. I don't like writing papers on reconstruction.
I Am Beautiful(:
I think Papa Grows Funk will be less crowded at tonight. Like maybe 2% less crowded.
Greetings, all. Very happy to join in today's discussion on IMAGINATION.
Tori Is Sleepy Now , GoodNight Twitter <3 Wish Me Luck On My Game Tomorrow Against Rudder :D So Pumped (:
Followed by "I do, I do, I do"
RT : Back again w/ , and come down, there's plenty of parking!!
He's at golf tryouts, you can probs text him though.
Hopefully Chuck takes Cam Cameron with him.
Look for at UWM and MSOE today promoting the Hackathon :)
enjoying my first day off of summer. of course, i go back to work tomorrow for a few hours, but nothing like the regular work week!
praying for my sister. Gods speed.
Thanks for sharing Phil!
Koolaid and muffins ha
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
It's hot as balls in my house. I don't wanna wear clothes anymore.
Nice suit Bruno Mars!
Banks ejected ... What for?
It is good stuff.
check out & go to website. Cinderella castle lunch!
You bet! Thanks for following us :)
I didn't even see this tweet last night! I won't be there :\
ENKG... Easy 400% profit from here!!!
So stoked it's gonna be on a Saturday! RT : I think BFD is June 2nd with fun. Calling it now. We'll find out Monday.
waiting for 2 come online, then going to bed . =)
Follow me and I'll Follow Back.;..
Whispery, quiet voices make me extremely uncomfortable.
#Rockies get a gift. Replay show Helton off 1st base by about, oh, 2 feet.
Seasonal Hair Color..let the spirit of the season move you...
somehow Ted Thompson needs 3 or 4 new and impactful guys on defense this off season..preferably not 6th or 7th rd picks..
Thanks for checking in!
We are Broadcasting LIVE on from inside with & ! 226 West Bitters off 281 - JOIN US TONIGHT!
Against my will I suppose my corpse will vote for the big O :/
Hi pls follow me back ?? :D
DON"T be BORED this Monday Night! Go check out these PUNK bands! THE ENDERS & the LUSTKILLERS - Mon. July 19th - THE MUSE - LAFAYETTE, IN!
I don't wanna get out of bed. It's too comfortable!! D':
“: Ready to hear jonas music....we're making some right now. Thanks everyone!!!” Work!!!!!!
Right and a wrong way to love somebody
Wanna be on TV with Eyeshine!!? FREE SHOW! ALL AGES! 9/14 Weds 11:30am @ The Key Club 9039 Sunset Blvd BRING YOUR FRIENDS!!!
I love getting tweets from the cast!!!
Sounds like today is going well for you so far. I'm at the Enum library hiding from visitors so I can get work done.
sort you out? That sounds a bit odd...like I'd be filing through your underpants or something. Ha ha.
more like #bothteamsspecial since men are #1 and women are
1st Lady Michelle Obama in Pittsburgh this afternoon. Will meet with members of 911th Airlift Wing. Mitt Romney also in Pittsburgh today.
With Tim Jankovich leaving Illinois State for SMU, a very good MM-plus job has opened in the Midwest. Should attract some good candidates.
Today's practice
Woohoo!! My daughter just anchored the winning 4x200 m relay. She really ran a great 4th leg. #soproud!!
Nothing beats our fresh lemonade on lazy afternoons...
Just watched ET with the family. Oh the memories :)
had the fish on the drive over to the ballpark!
it was good! challenging but good =)
New twitter background finally. Was getting pretty bored with my old one.
Thanks for the RT of #VeniceBistro :)
Thanks for the message ...let's see what we can find!
miss u too</3
i followed ;)
& for a limited time only I might just give you all my attention.
$$$$ leave so fast ..damn smh
What is your favorite movie character of all time? #actors #film #movies #acting #favorites Mine is Frederick Treves from The Elephant Man.
Of course! Have a great weekend :)
I'm totally going to use that talk in my Information Literacy class this week!
Hi Tweeps, it's ! Sorry for the silence on this account - we are working on new events and will keep you posted. Thank you!
did you know that and will pick you up from wherever you are in PB and bring you to #happyhour!
#AmericanHorrorStory yep!!! I'm addicted
RT : Hahaha BREWERS!!! great win for that organization and the state of WISCONSIN!!!
How do you calculate simple interest?
Happy Easter
is that the opening theme song to the "Gilmore Girls?"
thanks for sharing with us today at YPO. I'll never look at relationships the same again. Thank you!
Grotto Tonight. Don't forget your dancing shoes... I hit the Decks at 10:30pm. That it all.
I agree...DMXs was pretty moving in a strange way.
Reason #1 why I'm voting for ? Them baby blue eyes.
Do what you gotta do...
Our vending machine at work has stickers next to the healthy choices. There was not a sticker next to peanut M&M's. Whomp whomp.
i check'd out that biggie smalls movie and i liked it!!! did you?
Man, I can't believe that I am sick! It sucks having a runny nose while awake and not being able to breathe while sleeping...
I agree completely. Overall the tone is much lighter here. You can get deep if you want to also. I hope that never changes.
I try :p love these guys
I'd like to see Tebow go back home to Jacksonville. They will always love him there. And hey we all know Blaine Gabbert sucks
Hey AT&T is expanding is coverage in the metro stations. Just got a connection in the van ness station.
A year since launched. Quite a year! Congrats!
You just can't forget something that played a role in your life so much..
Hahaha! Sounds like we'll get along famously!
Taxes done (1 federal, 2 states), sort of.
your TechStars url doesn't work?
I didn't have any swimmers! Lol
Yes, yes it is! RT : Is this the book that was featured on an episode of ?
Dude I do too
Man, I was really hoping there would be a cookie in that envelope for Angelina. Homegirl looks hungry.
We will be open on Memorial Day, for all of you staycationers!
#FF inspiration now from L<U+2764>VE
and gone b at #Figure8 this saturday turnin up !! Make sure u there !
Remind me: How many tattoos do you have now? I need to know how high the bar is set for myself :)
Loving Arlandria, and amazing new song. Who's got two thumbs and is buying this album? This guy.
you're scared of me
MT: Shooting response today Wed 3/21 at 6pm, Kingston Ave & St Johns. Stop Shooting. Start Living.
if any of you want an early dinner were eating o'charleys at 5 !
I think LA Reid dips his head in make-up every week.
Audience is asking really great questions of Ben. #UW represents!
has been absent from my life for so long that I've resolved to get #gregbaumann trending.
Dr Craig, no problem. Thank you for the follow as well. Have a fantastic week!
We r very excited to be at #eTailWest! Lots of great presentations. Stop by Track A panel at 4:15pm today. See u soon!
According to , my Klout score is 57. If I reach 100, do I become King of the Internet?
Jacketman09 cusotm apparel caps shirts at www.customcapsunitedstates.com we love your hitzzz
Thanks, Mike!
OFF WITH YOUR HEAD! ;-)
My girlfriend is so beautiful
Work hard, drink more..lol
Amazing words from
Follow back! .xx (:
stay bless homie :)
NEVER!!! :) still owe you RT : You must have forgotten about Fat Tire David.
i want red in my hair like my twin.. NOW. (:
And a wheelchair ride to breakfast! : sympathy drinks, all new clothes...win-win!! beauty in the moment. :-)"
my strange addictions is the shit
rofl you facists need laser weapons to disperse crowds? Get a grip with reality and lay off the paranoia Kool aid
I love Arsenal, Theo Walcott is my favorite player! But he is out for the season with a hamstring injury :(
Is it just me, or was my old twitter username: "" was dissatisfyingly "Tony Glive"?? Hmm. Hence change
How Old did Montana turn?!
If you want to!
Yes America, RG3 has been carrying this defense (or lack of) all season.
half hour in already. Janelle is still a hot flaming mess!
Night #2 no power. I guess I'm gonna go to bed
anyone who believes that is dumb,
Does anyone remember LipstickParty? I sure as shit do
dj porter hahah follow him lol love you beadle
I'm obsessed with the unwich.
In a heated argument we are apt to lose sight of the truth.
missing you !!! <3 Hope all is well in NYC!
Just showed my friend 's Jennifer's Body for the first time. Now we are going to be quoting trendy teenage girls all week. Shit.
good morning world, I'm up and ready to have my kinda fun today!
More Money More Problems follow me n da Team
your tweet after the game: "The Lexington Police Scanner is the new "Door." - was most profound tweet I read all night!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
love you too(:
If anything the opposite is true. The view that marriage is anything other than economic is a recent development.
lol.sorry.ohh Yes good.i love volleyball more then cheerleading! :)<3
Ok it's not called an ice match
hit and run! They got arrested! I get to go car shopping, haha.
is it wrong that i blinked like 73 times? :$ <3
is Midwestsyle is a clothes store?
Happy Birthday to my great niece and God Daughter. I love her so much. Love u MiMi AKA Ernestine.
Looking at the art & architecture in Spain makes every notion seem possible. Alhambra to the Prado to Gaudi. Stirs the soul and the mind.
An even more earnest version of "2001: A Space Odyssey"
nope - to DCA. Safe flight! Gr8 seeing u!
I've been staring at fonts all night. The swirly kind. Like Kool-Aid. Oh Yeah!
oh my gosh.. Will they close up?
Eric () has shared a Tweet with you: #Packers stock sale to begin Dec. 6, team announced today."
only if you are there good morning
As construction projects start back up this week following one of the wettest weeks on record are your soils pumping?
So funny! RT : just ate intense al qaeda space cake. feeling...revolutionary
I know sweetness. It's ok. ;)
Lakers pls win if they don't it was nice knowing u all good riddance ill b in the looney bin rocking a str8 jacket
the song for your mom, was so sweet <3 i cried, GOOD JOB. I'm so proud of you (: #ReTweet back!
with my brother who's visiting from south Jersey.
Thick girls plus weed .
Laid out most of moms mothers day presents on the counter for her to see whenever she wakes up. I feel like Santa Clause <U+263A>
That goal post has not been friendly to the Terps, but that is the same end FSU got a FG blocked a few years back by Jeremy Navarre
My iPad update wiped mine clean as well! Pretty frustrating, good luck!
Dig it. That does seem absurd. I go to JFC. It's a great spot, but they are totally struggling at the moment.
RT : Just got my blood drawn for my new life insurance policy...yuck. but thanks for your help!
me either
FOLLOW ME MA IM PUSHING UR TRACK
I thank GOD for my sister Sydria and Bro n Law I would be so lost right now. They are a example of what I wanna be.
Imma fuck this Chick Snap Wrap up ...When i get out the shower ..boi!!
I agree I'm in need of them I don't care what we do lol
sorry. I shut Twitter off. Every time someone tweets, I get it 3 times. Too much on my bberry.
So excited to see the boyf tmr!! Ah!! :D
Damn RT : She can't handle me Smh
Apparently its wednesday...oh
It honestly feels hotter in my basement just watching the Coyotes play. Get them out of Phoenix now, NHL.
dang all yall blowin up fast chicago goin stay on the map and haters is fire
thanks for the follow, Dave!
Breaking bad is getting intense.
so? you never told me when your getting your phone back!
Turnin Up With At #Shadow Room Tonight
stopping turnovers would be step one....
Straight #INDIE brand with JenoLo Clothing..starting from the grass roots up baby #motivation ALL DAY
Or you are waiting for me to do something cool. I am surely disappointing you.
Warm weather tomorrow? Okay.
I'm home from the gym! Been doing 3 a days while on spring break. The transformation is taking shape!
Or the top? I think they dominated it
“Your responsibility at work is to help people achieve more than they know they are capable of.” - at
Hey dj's! Who's playing what @ Midnight?
Really shouldn't look at the promos, considering I'm getting on a plane the day before!
omg, Blackpeoplemeet?! I was someone who would eat at KFC's with be on a daily basis !
thank you sir, i appreciate it
Dalmations are not known for their ability to sit still for long! For both of your sake I hope Rexie recovers quickly!
No. Is it on the website?
Car crash on Fitzsimons Parkway and East 17th Ave. on Anschutz Campus. Car is leaking fluids.
Lmaooo Maxwell is playing in the parking lot .. Weird.
Slow news week.
Oh my goodness. I approve of this, quite a bit!! <3
unless I would win
M , why my eyes hurting. Feeling like they're about to start watering
You are awesome Maria! Can't wait to see you tomorrow night. What time does the show end? Will I see you after for a moment?
$4 you call its and $6 pizzas today!
Believe it or not, but we ALL have secrets
Me too <3 and me vice versa Dylan more lol
I believe everyone is beautiful.
Too low. It is tracking huge ": Sherlock. 55 million"
lunch at south beach :)
I don't think it's likely but it's still an entertaining thought & IF they keep dumping money into the GOP rat hole, it COULD happen
1st guy is a stripper magician w/a mirrorball hanging from his nipple. is going 2 bring out the crazies on America's Got Talent
My head is still swimming from yesterday.
I am so tired of turning on my heat!
Don't doubt God's presence because of your Predicament. ~
Curled up in my jammies waiting for the premiere of Mad Men season 3.
Look the way lala was playing d I think they can get two at home and make this a series
Texas, Detroit, even the 2 teams above us in the AL East!
A relative had room for us so we moved here about a year ago. Cheap rent :)
Wish I could. Next time. I'm already out in the burbs. Y'all have fun!
Come on Badgers, time to OWN the 4th quarter.
This has been one heck of a productive week. #acting :) keep it up everyone.
Hey thanks for the RT!
Hello, and thank you for the link. checked it out, you are coach Michele, right? Nice to meet you. Isn't coaching fulfilling!
thanks for the follow back!
Sounds like a Homepage, downloads page, bio page, merchandise page, tickets, photo section, events page, and a newsletter?
Where were you when I needed you, eight months ago? All your girlfriends talkin bout me, now you ringin up my phone.
inbox me on facebook and ill give it to yhu!
If you want your movie to suck, put Rhianna in it.
Not weird at all! RT : is it weird I am still talking about Stanton Social??
53 is a prime number (not that I knew that when I was a little kid), so we named our online journal Prime Number
I fill like she treat me different
Tired of this Diablo issue, so Im just gonna go crazy at the gym & hopefully it'll be fixed when I'm done. Thanks 4 ur hardwork!
This game has to happen at Mean Girls night
Jake Johnson draws a leadoff walk for St. X in T2, but Eastern turns inning-ending 4-6-3 double play. Still no score after 1.5 innings.
Sunrise is like nature's way of telling you Let's Get It!!!
Putting away dishes at 4:15am...
I wanted to make her smile because of the bad week she had last week. :)
The answer is Yes.
reserved my spot!
Yes, I picked #Missouri. But considering I don't have them going far, it's a loss that I'm totally okay with. This hurts most more than me.
#SanDiego knows how to start the new year off right. Loving this 80 degree weather!
O'Dell IPA, nachos, fam, friends and mountains. Perfection. Go Packers!
"Never let your short term greed get in the way of your long term greed."
Like your activity ;)
Please follow me(; 10
ah so THAT'S why everyone loves me. Why didn't I see it before?! Thanks Major.
Did I just see you at the SD airport? Where are you headed?
thnx for the forthcoming update. Mine might be there tonight :) DrWeb hearts #Tivo and my Premiere!
hello there
Baby, I want you to love me..
#ICC2011 Daniel Boulud demo on Charcuterie starting now. M, I sure hope we get samples with this one!
Got It In The Twitter Bagg:))) MEE!!!:D
This particular lawsuit is for damages that happened to people that were possbily wrongfully harmed by bank errors.
Lmao tryin to still be on that player shit yu should get sum.cash n split it with a nigga den
definitely will…she's a bigger star than Paula (WHO I LOVE) and Nicole combined times 47
I wanna see him!
Lovers and lovers
really in the hotel did you see thenm a lot!?
Anybody else watchin this LSU Alabama game in Baltimore ??
please identify all the American industries owned by the government
...definitely worth a shot!
Good to be back in the Chi!
Indexing means you can serach digital Newpapercopies for article titles, topics, etc. ProQuest Webinar
yeah. U said u was gon get naked off a retweet
Truck window fixed! Chainsaw getting fixed! Chains sharpened! Bring it on Monday!!!
Francis Chan: It u get it u won't be lukewarm. (Message: Lukewarm and Loving It)
Hope you enjoyed the show!
well played
I'm wide awake nd can't fall asleep!!!!!
Anyone's office building HOT this week cause the summer cooling system hasn't kicked in yet? Pls let me know for my noon weather story! Thx!
If you're CHOOSEY and you know it clap your hands!!! Join our fb page!!
fantasy baseball message board outsourced to better platform,
I Don't LOVE like all of those psychos out there because i don't know him Personally..But He Seems Like A Pretty Cool Guy :D !
Hypothetically.. Do people still argue over getting a grade changed… or did that just happen in Clueless?!?
mom says they're mating ... Lolz
Geared...An app for the iPhone .
Is it just me, or is #Yahoo email coughing up blood today? I've got to wean myself over to #gmail before these guys go under...
follow back
at the bottom there's 5 blocks the 4th one has a heart thing on it, click it. It'll tell you how long ago he followed you.
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you actually deserve.
what's on the 26 of may?
My shorts arnt that short, my butt just that big.
The author of 'Harry Potter' has deal for new novel for adults
I hope he knows I was being sarcastic..
Bummed it was the last day of Can't wait to start back up Jan 4th
NW #archivists members please fill out the strategic planning survey. Let your voice and suggestions be heard. DM me for the link.
Being sensitive to her needs is important
Prospect submits resume with porn sites as examples of previous work ... can't tell if moron or genius...
Thoroughly enjoying a Mounts 2007 Petite Sirah: juicy, hottish (15.5%), black cherry, plum, orange peel, cinnamon with hints smoke and mint.
Maybe I'll try something off of the new album.
When will i be happy ?
Going to be driving a loaner car until my car issue gets resolved
RT : Not sure how any of the officials could arrive at the conclusion that the ball crossed the line.
Day three of inbox zero begins! Now the real test: can I consolidate accounts without Mail.app bursting into flames?
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – Are you craving dessert this week? On the menu is our pear and apple crisp and carrot cake! Click the link to...
do we get something special for wearing your clothes ;)
your mom gives the best hugs.
twitter. i'ts the new facebook. hahahaha
Just met the coolest Shuttle driver that drove me to my hotel! We rocked out to MercyMe and Casting Crowns,before I left we prayed together!
If you know my name I'm not replying to your "hey you"... & you're rude for that.
I hear you but we must stop underestimating the GOP. We will get the sigs. No way we win a race tied to a GOP primary, I think.
yep :/ but oh well what new??!!
Surprised didn't refer to magazine cover in their segment on breasts. Maybe wanted to avoid a mess?
muahaha dumb broads these days.
Our baking motto: If you can't say don't eat it. We use only all natural ingredients you can pronounce & find in your own cupboards!
Ask them why we can't just select the 10 channels we actually watch and create a package out of that. Will that ever happen?
Thanks for the shout outs! Make today great!
The difference between your mind and your heart is that your mind tells you whats smart to do and your heart what you are gonna do anyway.
what the hell why do you need one of those? Trombones are so much better.
Pine Creek's Ryan Warner threw a one-hitter in a 19-0 win over Doherty today. He already has a no-hitter this season.
In the past few days I seen or had long chats with 7 amazing Kiss PDX Sisters! Kicking off my weekend right! THANKS LADIES!
u have to look at things in ur house that needs fixing and handle it the next day. rest is needed at a certain hour. shut it down n snooze.
that and Jersey Shore
I am, aren't I?
DOT: I-40 CLOSED from Louisiana to Tucumcari, I-40, WB, CLOSED at 98th but expected to open soon. More road conditions on www.krqe.com.
KMSL. When punking goes to far..
can u pls tell me wat u think of my first imainestory chapter it's in my favs!!! Pls check it out!
Love my android
What do lightning bolts do when they laugh?-They crack up
can't wait to see you! xox
we ready
I don't think vicoden works as well as everyone says it does.
#nowplaying Next To You- Chris Brown and Justin Bieber <3
Mmmk. Sites for listing jobs for UX/UI designers. I have and Scoutzie. What else people?!
just got in from the studio. Now about to do something crazy.......I'm bleaching out all (90%) of my clothes.........we'll see what happens!
Great. Sunny today. Love that twitter tips you posted. Great help!
cannnnnttttt waiittttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ah this is epicness about to be birthed!!!!
Once u with #TeamiPhone you Never Turn Back.. Lol
I shall I shall. We may go with Clooney tonight! Yum
and of course I'm cool af it's me lol but you are to
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner, 1st @ the bike.
don't worry.... The united one still sucks
"And Soledad O'Brien, who will be with us throughout the night." Aw, YEEEEEEyuh.... bow chicka wow wow
on it.
It's $5 wrap day at #UDel's Scrounge and I'm nowhere near it. Not cool.
wow i get unfollowed all the time!
Oh baby gotta take you home with me tonight RT Fuzz
is one childish mother fucker
idk but will let you know
TGIF! Don't forget that we serve brunch every Sunday!
#DEDICATEDTO UGLY WOMEN WHO PULL CUTE DUDES..EA 1 TEACH 1. THE SUCTION TECHNIQUE U USE THAT SHIT SHOULD BE PUBIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT
Apr 15,1942: Brooke: "I discovered that Marshall had not studied any of the strategic implications of a cross-Channel operation."
Rooftop photo shoot in Purcellville today. Cool views along Main Street seen by few.
33 spots spots delivered. Other long piece colour corrected. New project estimate sent. And now the weekend starts.
RT Would #Romney be open to a compromise...gay polygamy?
finally I get 2 talk 2 u I miss talking 2 u i have missed u all dis days plzz RT me back I<U+E022>u ~truemahomie4life~
We now have a great studio on the beach! It's small but who cares, it's on the beach! Looking for a one year lease.
I need a new set of friends
C"mon Bosh!
always cracks me up!!!!
Movie time again. While the hubby is away I'm watching all my favorite sappy movies. What should I pick tonight?
so so excited and so so proud <3
Even after no sleep, early car p/u, flat tire on T'pike, 830 flight, 3 hours in rental car ... Disco nap & Popscene make SF Trip a-ok.
Can I?
yes I will just for give me some time
manufacturing companies
Will Miami take a commanding 3-0 lead tonight? I think so. I am a fan of
Its November 1st! Gonna be a "Good Boy" this month!
Grizzly man is about to get attacked by a Grizzly...go figure.
K. Just making sure, my work e-mail blows so wasn't sure it would go through
Join us for a Valentines Day concert on Feb 13th at 3pm at the Western Branch. Crafts will also be available. Call 282-4639 for more info.
JP_four all I need is a ps3! And I'm getting every game possible!
We'll wrap up WRP & THE UNDERGROUND & segue right into our second sister show (which is batshit crazy). Then I'm taking a wrestling break.
Checking in tomorrow. Looking forward to being back to PDX and some drinks in The Driftwood.
You're welcome Linzi. Are you on facebook?
adequate but you still need to practice
happy birthday!!
Lil miss swagger.
Gotta swing the Bat George!
:( take it easy fella's
Anyone else expecting a squeeze? Down 4-0? Seems like Ron.
Rival Exec:
stay there! I'm on my way
Awe that is so cute, and sweet!!(:
Im studying. What bout you? Dont you have any test or exams?
Me too! I will keep you updated. Thanks :)
Just killed that test!! Look good feel good, feel good test good, is officially no longer a theory! #monsterenergydrank you rock! :)
suckaaaaaaaaaaaa ma cock
A small glass of wine is okay on a Saturday morning if I'm using some in the mixed berry terrinne (fruity gelatin concoction) right?
they know how to make tacos out here
I HATE WHEN I'M TIRED & SLEEPY... But when I get in bed, my body is like "just kidding!"”
Who's going to the game tomorrow?
Never had media creds for a golf event, but I can tell you from the outset it'll be a good day if lets me wear his helmet.
Rangers game 7 soon
Just chilling
_My wife has no custody agreement, when ex calls she gets her daughter ready to see him. Both are reasonable and respectful.
I'm tired. Come on Moose, not gordon
omg r u making fun of me lol
working, drinking, and then that time of the year again....AP TOUR! with my girly :)
dude'll only raise your temperature
Graduating in 5 days!!! then it's on to the big people world.. Im gunna need a job ASAP! :/
What did you do this time? lol
I think prom brings the beauty out of the uglyest people
I'm gonna sing Starships and gonna sound better than Nicki Minaj lol
And before that we had Simon on American Idol. but he was TXF UK also..bahahhaa.
Haaaww! *Tear drop* I miss you too!
sorry to hear....food court.
I Love You, You Fucking Bitch!!!!!
Want extra entries for Best of the Bunch? Use secret code: Halloween. See main nmsweeps website for more. Good luck.
Just came for dinner and the shots have started rolling in... Lol yikes!
Pumped that #CBAAlbany grad John Cahill is back for #BCEagles hoops!
I thought that was
free hugs and smiles back at ya! :) positive energy is contagious :)
Missing my friends at
welcome to twitter good sir!
TY both for the RT! Hope you have a wonderful holiday.
Gospel Artist of the year- Bro George
i did
Keeping busy! Booking shoots, follow my personal twitter and check out more updates!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Dylan <U+E32A>
I am not going to lie...but Swedish accents are pretty hot...on walruses.
hey best friend.
That LOL moment when a fat girl says she's fat.
Good morning friends! Remember to tweet us what you love most about McDonald's and the Denver Broncos! 2 day is your last day to qualify!
My face is so squishy lol
Gonna choreograph to calm myself when I get home.
I've read that Pablo Neruda wrote 'If You Forget Me' about his exile from Chile. #FridayReads But...(1/2)
I Still Dont Know How Sex Smells Like. Blah
Pigtails & Crewcuts #LibertyStation to donate 10% of proceeds on full-priced haircuts to in April.
RTs are SO appreciated. Big thank you... always! :o)
hey y'all! haven't spoken to her since september, but saw trusty ogun provided the FB update :)
BIGGEST win of the year! Down by 13 on their floor and we end up torching you!
Pull your pants up, boy.
Let's see.. haha Let's watch Avengers later in East 7pm !
So, who picked themselves up a snazzy HD Radio on Black Friday? Anyone? Hello?
I'm assuming there will e one waiting on my desk today, right? RIGHT???
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes,
What is you most favorite time of day?
Don't forget our special pricing for Stamp Out Hunger. We have super low rates just for this program. We'll even pick up your donations!
how much is it?
Hey Im Watching All The Videos You Made On Youtube :) #Yee I Love Youu <3
Thanks for the Retweet!
This 27-page multimedia ebook includes how-to videos, external resources, and instructional text on:
That does suck and usually means your almost insane.
#wouldyou pull my hair back and put your hand on my face, then kiss me gently?
Great seeing you as well! Always happy to support moving education forward in DC!
I cried when i watched the movie The Last Song with my sister. $:
you will have to create a new character on that server to be able to interact with us.
ha yea she was to big to be able to fit into the small stall
You are so handsome!
Lauren's Last game at #MiracleLeagueAustin tonight. I am so thankful for that program and the Browns who put it together.They are WONDERFUL!
Hmm...maybe I'll challenge Richard Blaise to a throwdown. I'll bring my liquid nitrogen.
raises hand “: Anybody remember the show Gargoyles??? *waits for response*”
Thanks for telling the whole world.
How about an #antivalentines day holiday for us singletons?
That Moment When wont follow me );
My first pay check today! Three weeks worth of work<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
confirmed: m. moore is in madison, just spoke with rep. tammy baldwin
Live for yourself fuck everybody else
that would be called "artist separation" in selector. Unbreakable rule..
Just had a good laugh watching Robin Williams' 2009 comedy tour on HBO.
Hey everyone, the 11th floor closes at 6:00, so make sure to grab anything you may have up there before then.
Petty Lol :) RT!!!": #iusedtolikeyoubut your mom was always there for me and well... yeaahhh..."
Lawmakers in ten states are considering bills that would require adults on types of public assistance to submit to a drug test.
This boy in my criminal justice clads is to gay
Interesting fact: according to ABC News, more men than women went shopping on Black Friday weekend, and men outspent women.
really enjoy your reporting!!!
checking my blood pressure , and it is a little bit high D: worried! :s
u these days lol Lu too
Left-field question: anybody know of essays/books on the history of the architecture and design of dance halls and discotheques?
your cracking me up!
A Sword and Kiss Incredible young rap group in #indyfringe getting largest audience response of night.
Grandfather on his marriage "I should have stayed home and watched Mission Impossible because now Im stuck in Mission Impossible"
Wha-BAM! Two marketing pieces written, designed and sent for edits. Now, for the morning workout!
How do you know when it is time to take a vacation from the internet?
Correcting myself because People inexplicably doesn't have the handle --
big day tomorrow hopefully preceding a big night!
I say you aren't done until responds or the police knock on your door.
BUT WHERE ARE THE EGGS?
Everyone Follow and join them.
thanks Ben for the Tweet
Looks badass. I highly rec going to see if you can. Perfect energy boost if you're dying of heatstroke.
Not ready to go back to work tomorrow. I need more vacation day!
Love the hood ornament idea. Maybe that was her plan all along.
new thoughts for signs needed due to Torres' disgusting actions tonight!
they losing??
High five!
I'm dying but that ain't important.
It's amazing how bent out of shape I can get over a poorly written and documented API. I need some Zen.
Wow, what an asshole... totally DONE!
wow... giving up already? Seems par for the course... Meanwhile a man that could be saved is dying. Nice work! Sleep Well.
is perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> seriously
I have some bad news: I didn't win the Lotto:(
Actually my mom did. LOL (:
October is national dessert month.. yuuuummm!
have fun guys :)
Inter Alia => Amongst other things
Loving the changes I am making for me!
Thank you thank you thank you to all the genuinely fantastic people I shared moments of life with
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine. - Elvis Presley
We're gonna get it stuck in your head FOREVER after tonight!
Palindrome of the day: "Are we not drawn onward, we few, drawn onward to new era?" #learning (same letters front and back)
Things Tebow & Jesus have in common? RT Tickle us,do we not laugh? Prick us,do we not bleed? Wrong us,shall we not revenge?
I feel your pain !
85+ in April. So wrong.
Dear Dad- why are environmentalist not up in arms about the amount of paper that is wasted on mummies. And at what point can we recycle it?
In the waiting room for my first chiropractor appointment...I'm not even usually awake right now!
me to fa show
#ThoughtsWhileRunning *Sees a cute guy* Don't trip and fall. Don't trip and fall.
Yanks had all the value imo, but the Phillies scored more runs. Value doesn't cash tickets. I move on.
yes Jessica Sanchez (AI) did very well last night.....
RT : I use your rice vinegar in everything: dressings, Gyoza dipping sauce. Use the ponzu often too, love it.
its plenty cold here tonight to. Might as well add may to chilly night for baseball to. Think we only had 2 nice nights for may
#YouAintHittinItRight if they yawn at any point in the whole thing
are you going to classes tomorrow night???
the only thing that makes "me fit in" at the animation studios.... is animation
you too! sorry had to bail-- we have our 14-year old with us on wednesdays and had to jam. let's get the band back together!
New York, here's what's coming to you! Jones Beach - August 12th, Angels and Kings - August 19th, Gramercy Theatre - September 16th.
thanks for the RT!
Days of our lives is playing and I'm just thinking wth these actors way to dramatic I'm not believing it lol
Perfect night--working on YA programming idea, while watching Dr. Who. :D
your bitter as well. saying Mavs are already gone fishing. Mavs got nothing to do with your team right now. enjoy your day 2
We need Webb. Jimmy Smith can't cover anyone apparently
Hungry , so about ro eat
: that sounds great! Can you email details to ?
Breakfast Children's Hospital, perfect way to begin a #terrific day :)
I've never heard it put that way, but I love the way you're thinking. Gotta retweet! :-)
Can't decide whether Piers Anthony is too Ayn Randy or if he is just making me realize that sci fi in general is too Ayn Randy.
#askalexconstancio Do you love your life???
well, You guys did it right! I will be back:) thanks for the experience.
sorry to hear
I'm jealous.
Another "Go Green" - outside with your green - not your dough, your pot - the one with the plant in it: Take your houseplant for a walk day.
RIP to one of the greatest singers of all time. Donna Sommers.
Will be on sale in a couple of weeks...got to make the stuff first! Will keep you posted as to the release date!
Always willing to show some love for White River State Park! Happy #FF to you!
"Ducking for apples -- change one letter and it's the story of my life." - Dorothy Parker
Not hating what does she have, she gets information wrong, she can't read a teleprompter
I love NY..I love NY..my chant while navigating tree lighting traffic amid barricades for Obama dinner on my block. I love NY.....
Massive snowflakes in New York city. Its may be time to get some studded tires. Be sure to oil your chain and take the pressure down to 27p
I can't wait until I get it! My parents think that it's silly so I have to scrape together money somehow first. :(
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. ~ Henry Ford
Thanks for the #ff love!
The black person always dies in the horror movies cause their the smartest....and they don't fall
A strong black man with a goal that bring millions
Scenes got cut but I hung in there! RT : bout to go see #thismeanswar Gonna look for my buddy "
thanks for the mention! How's your card looking?
We're really far away! ;)
We have Earthquakes in NYC? What?
this has been an excellent week with awesome Sundance news!
I wish! Maybe someday I'll figure out how to ship pie :-)
Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering
there was an issue with the stats that should be resolved in the next day or 2. Email me if needed.
#Top10Lies I told her everything. I was working. I didn't hear my phone..?! :P
Slurping commenced! RT Soft open for downtown's tonight. Noodles and such by chef Antonio Friscia. Slurp away SD!
Hispanics are dark, light, we're rich&poor, skinny&fat...why can't we come 2gether? It's simple--bc we lack ldrshp. -Ruben Cubillos
why not?
Seriously questioning Brian Kelly's coaching ability right now
Finals is going to be the death of me My autopsy will say "cause of death:Biology overload"And here I was hoping it would say something cool
And can't say no by Conor Maynard
Dear Wilco, thanks for helping me get through work this evening. I promise I'll purchase your new album next week.
Thank you for the follow. Hope people in the Legal industry will start integrating into Social Media.
don't leave me! Lol
Just did Zumba for the first time! OMG! So much fun! Why am I not doing this all the time? I <3 shaking my money maker!
You could do video calls with iPhones and iPad2's, right?
all learning and doing is social by definition. The 2.0 technologies just enable, extend and enhance it in new ways.
just came from a party with (former) colleagues. Sad to know that a few people can really alter and/or ruin work lives for such talent.
I got a question, how fucked up are you?
i am at Barney's boat house!! wahoo I miss when it was the orignal DOS!!
yea, 3 across on the stage def ain't fun. i used to head for the wing outside his ofc.
OUR WORKSHOP WITH THE COMPANY MEMBERS FROM BROADWAY MUSICAL FELA! WILL BE TONIGHT AT 7PM! CONTACT FOR DETAILS
workin homie what's good with you?
Thou shalt not covet thy husband's otter box.
me too. Can't wait to hear what u come up with!
Oh,gosh hope he is alright. Love u josh. How are you holding up in the storm. Any damage for you?
When someone asks me to recommend a tool and Dreamweaver is my answer, I find myself saying "Oh my god, it's Dreamweaver! Wow."
I'm just impressed with your planning between jobs!
#ThingsweallLOVE smiling and being so happy, because you see the bitch that's been talking shit behind your back!
We all know you love your box sex. Don't nobody betta mess with K*'s box sex.
Nobel Biocare appoints new Head of Global Operations
how nice.
Wow! What a stupid policy. I'll bet there's a lot of sick people who come to work because visiting the Doc is a pain.
General asks. They don't NEED the money. In fact, they just almost $200,000 on a statue for campus.
maybe it's you, bro....
It depends on the players. I just believe kids should have a choice.
Cooked all this food & the kids are busy w/their friends. Just have to heat it up in the microwave cause they gonna eat
I know that $100 is for u this
winey u are adorable
haha well I had to stay in my English class and wait like I couldn't go to my car then I had my math one
News Hot this week: Luke, Yani and Sergio. Not? Chubby, Bubba, Rickie and Leonard Sergio Garcia earned his first victory in
who got there snapbacks cap on, and which one is it ?
yeah I think so too!!!
ARE YOU MY MOTHER? by Alison Bechdel
Congratulations!! You're 1 of the "Follow us on Twitter to Enter 10 mins early" .. Tweet us when you arrive.
Do the radio with + need ideas for cheap eats and old school DSM joints of all types.
the puppy is a handful but he is only 10 weeks old. Actually Spidey is bigger than him. I keep special Spidey time each day.
Thanks for doing the show! Have fun in Augusta this weekend!
Lesson learned: do not have kids and do not bring them to Newark int'l airport at 6 am.
LadyLakeSoul checking in..
Movies with Tara.(:
Fo sho! U enjoy the party??
now it will be even better now that youre there ;)
I GOT ANOTHER JOB INTERVIEW ! <3
Just saw ass.
Heads up to everyone the works downtown.. Huuge building fire on Pennsylvania & 9th.
I won't regret this tweet; OMG I'm sorry Mom. We have to go to Africa.
The #badgirlsclub reunion was crazy can't wait for part two.
good idea, I want to go.
Way to go last night Great game!
RT youu needa follow back in order for me too do this((: Down to be my new txt buddies ? :) Dm/me #s :)
it's impossible to live without failing.<3
Cricket amphitheatere San Diego needs to train their parking attendants better. It's a joke for every concert!
never let the world take your smile. For it is the greater gift.
Beautiful Soul by #JesseMcCartney used to be my favorite song :)
Takin' it to the curb again today -- come on by and catch a deal on lots of great items -- 7916 SE Foster -- all community, all the time
The news said we've got a rather large coyote population in the city of Chicago - found some coyote pups - so cute.
Hey there Mac gurus- I am trying to design some t-shirts, is there a program on Mac that I should use?
& understand the love <3.
Those Gerstandts learn to fly their freak flags young.
Mob mentality
I know Phil Ford was TOUGH at INC but I don't remember how he helped in the league....
thanks for the MT. Have a good one!
THE SUN POPOUT LATE OFCOURSE I,M AT MY FRIENDS PLACE WATCHING THE GAME LOL.....
people will never stop surprising me !
A cloud bank perhaps?
I'm still committed to making Sunday a family day!!!
I absolutely love country music.... Sometimes it's just that kind of day
RT : Just heard from #JBDStyleChallenge..."Gray" is still deliberating the winner. Keeping our fingers crossed! :)--> Me too!
hey sorry for the delay was out running my 6 miles in 45 minutes! And yes we do take reservations, just go to our website
Wellcome to twitter, maybe now people will stop asking when you will join.
I'd never heard that one used in convo- It was a hoot!
Where dem dollars at nigga where dem dollars at. #gangsta boo
taking a break from peeing.
Have your furnace checked & cleaned before you need it for the first time... www.alwaysthererepair.com
Hope everyone is having a great Monday.
New day same goals
Next real chance for a Colts win is against the Jags!!!
I'm SUPER numb right now lol
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great? It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
tomorrow is the last day? #sadness. :(
I thought library doesn't have parental guidance CDs? THEN Y U NO HAVE AMERICAN IDIOT?????!!!.
nah Tech is wack. DNA was dope from the jump. Cant wait for his next battle
Kyle what's good Im just now hittin you back...my bad!
I love it!! Are you crying cuz Brian Littrell is so hot?
Toenail is sad:(
Welcome! Great to see you on twitter :)
#Redsox reeling - #BCEagles bombing and #Patriots performing perfectly!
There may be some Sequoia Grove Cabernet consumed at Steak Night tonight. Had it? Man it's good.
I wasn't gonna laugh. But then I saw you! I love how he tried playing it off.
We are less than 2 weeks away! Keep your eyes open for a contest in the next couple days to win a set of airline tickets! Tell your friends!
Had to pay 199 for an new screen, sucks.
Bitch I don't look lesbian >:(
Big fan of on ! Great job Ron/Stephen!
good luck with school man! sounds exciting!
Your tweets are adorable. I can see your personality every time! :)
hey Bill I love you on the show! keep trying to get them wins!
So a man's wife leaves him,her speaks out because of shock ,yet he is a man of truth for the white light is he will love the mother o 6women
seriously -- you're getting 300:1 odds on your money. Put in 2/3 entries and those odds are even more in ur favor.
constant coughing truly annoys me to the core
Good morning Tweeties and a special wave to all my new followers! Thank you!
Breaking up is hard to do; When you're not suppose to me broken up.
Faux News celebrity guest for the White House Correspondents Dinner - Lindsay ... - Democratic Underground
me too, me too.
Today's the day! Get out your friends, your neighbors and yourself. Go vote!
Just finished my taxes.. yes!
I really dont think so beacuse, who would say no to that?! And i think she would be busy with Wizards Of Wverly Place...
The difference between a fan or a follower is commitment.
Stress is an ignorant state. It believes that everything is an emergency.
I miss her too! & no Melon lol
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
pls follow me back:-)
are you going to this Saturday? If you RT #chillorlando you can win FREE tix!
Who's Len? Or r u spelling challenged??
The winner of the Bulls vs Heat tix earns $100 cash if you wear a Q Crew Radio shirt and get on camera during the game!!!
doing a sout out video tweet me if you want a shout out
I never want to talk about what happened in tofus shower lol :P
People need to learn how to mind their own business and let people live their life how they want to, good or bad.
is that so ;) u should hit me up.. yea thas a good idea lol
agree!! RT Esp on candy. I intend on eating that entire pack of skittles! Not 1/3!
E. ETHELBERT MILLER on Global Rhythms - wmnf.org www.wmnf.org/.../e-ethelbert-miller-on-global-rhythms-www...
I'm out of this,k.Goodnight~~~
getting ready to download all 10 Sag nominated films Thank you Screen Actor's Guild
don't know how bad I want to!!! Hahaha
Good Employers + Good Sellers + Good Stewards = GOOD COMPANY
venison jerky? Become a real man and eat raw broccoli!
Did we watch the same movie? Because the one I saw was pretty ridiculous.
has anybody had any success in resizing the videos for viewing on Android devices? I want to watch on the bus without my laptop.
Y U NO MAKE ANTHONY IS BORED!?!? D:<
you could ask nicer than that.
reaally :o lol so what you doing??
cant wait to see u on the field......its gonna be a show!
awesome! i'm thinking the 30 mile ride looks about right...
how was the reunion show? :)
Girls who are shaped like hot pockets have no business taking full body pictures
You're super gorgeous, girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> Much love!
what type of attorney are you looking for? Business law, immigration, divorce support custody, etc. ?
follow back homie
has an amazing voice.
yea your welcome
they black their windows out. Not to keep the blinking lights out, but to keep the drug dealings hidden inside
Okay, maybe I lied... :x
hahahah thats funny i didnt think you would realize it was gone
Now let us never speak of him again unless he goes to UK RT : Anthony who?
Happy Birthday!
I'm chillin at Barnes and noble with Ali, Zachary, and Toni.
This TelePrompter reading is TERRIBLE! Charles Barkley is killing me! SNL
bro started adding bananas to diet along with water to fight cramps. So far so good. Lega today.
I love Off to go browse for a bit, I need an affordable floor length white dress!
ur welcomes let me tell u .u guys r very talented I loved the back round music and I definitely love ur voice the lead Singer
you gone play basketball this year?
Not enough quality chances. What a series. Still love Holtby. FUCK
Did you know it's Seattle Beer Week!?
hey we take what we can get. at least you're a heap big author! that's anything but boring!
Thanks for your comment on #Oscar nite's sole scandal & congrats on nabbing an Oscar-nominated director for #WonderDrug!
is going to be living in Santa Monica?
Move to SD card feature for CandySwipe FREE fixed, just re-install the current version from the android market if you were having this issue
Senator, what's the deal with SOPA? Seems like bad news to internet users - what's your take?
Im excited for college, and RUSH WEEK!!!! I'm most likely going to rush but not pledge! :D
thanks Jess! I'm kinda like royalty when I'm around those parts...at least thats what I think the honking is
Makin music. Im so focused
cuz u know what? The world is full of sad shit that the average person gives not one single fuck about
Pandora Flow
I looking for a good recipe for vegan dal - yellow lentils - kinda more soupy than solid. Anyone out there?
where have you been hiding?
Are your toes ready for sandals?
I'm banning those MC Hammer pants you passed to forthwith.
Fun interviews on your video! Thanks for sharing.
Celebrate who you are, not who others want you to be
RIGHT I FEEL FOR HIM MAN
Reasons I check my voicemail: 1% to hear the message. 99% to get rid of that annoying icon.
#HeyJustin if I could tweet you how much #NSN inspired me, it would take more then this tweet so I'll just say this-thank you.
And a free tv, 6% concessions..RT : Just rec'd email from a home builder offering 100% financing. really?Back there already?!?
when was this
Wow its so quiet I can hear crickets
Oh, we do. RT Barbara Bush on Fox: "Raising George Walker was not easy; trust me."
Turns out going the the Irish pub for beers at 8am today for wasnt a good idea
Anywhere good to eat around #melus12? Yelp's got nothing...
“: Wow.... I still love my team.... Go any other team... Not LA #Nuggets” not the Heat either, please.
What happen to Cheryl Miller? Is she in her 40s or 60s?
I LOVE NAPS!
I like texting people more if they have their read receipts on.
public school? Blondes these days.
< well shid im rite around the corner,dont make me slide lol
best Saturday afternoon on H st ne in a long time! Thank you and don't forget that passport in VA.
What do you do when your hair is in that awkward in between phase?
Because he's an All-Star ? RT why did Wideman stop skating on that play?
it seems to be..its all over the internet...TMZ, KGTV san diego, boston global.....how sad.
so if they fill last years Souvenir glass, do you still have to buy a mug?
Follow back me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;)
": That awkward moment when a sentance doesn't end the way you think it testicles."
aww im sorry :(
r u really
who u go to prom wit
gotcha you know he gotta appeal to them feez
Andrew Zimmern eating bizarre foods of Louisiana. What's so bizarre about any of this stuff?
Classy move #chevy. Nice pitch for
I know however I focused on this part for some other business reasons
heh. Im going tomorrow so we'll see how that goes.
If I could "like" this... I would.
True that
Wish you could have made it tonight! Maybe next time? :) Blessings!
hah must be the oldest trick in the book!
u must be listening to Confessions of Fire
just dont hate me...
how much do you want to see him on the big screen again?
#fuckwork #snoozebutton I havent slept yet do there's no way I'm getting up yet
let's get things started!
Yippee, thanks for your ringing endorsement!
Going to sleep soo tired
This is the playoff man..Tyson what a dunk
BOSS LIKE LEIA! ROCK ON! ROCK ON! #WW ashevillewine
It will be held at the Pike Performing Arts Center in Indianapolis @ 7pm . Admission is $5 per person
Sadly it is me, home, alone watching/reading tributes to Adam Yauch.
I hate fantasy football when people on my team play against each other...
ATTENTION ... Follow My Ass on Instagram same name!
planning to go where the pbr
#Storm has arrived in SD with a vengeance!
Watching Friends and eating taco bell with :)
I'm watching you on E! right now you are def. a very strong woman I also learned English by watching TV!
so lucky. what i would give for that phone right now!
A #Gent cocktail and "Back To School" (circa '86)
I am a Graphic Designer I do freelance and work for a company as well.
GOT A B IN ANCIENT GREECE!!! Praise every deity known to man
if he's got it, i want it.
Been a long two weeks. Moving, work, and no internet. Feels good to be back...
First practice in awhile tomorrow!
This morning attended wonderful Mass. Bible Society workshop on small groups in Needham, MA. Lots of great quotes to follow in coming days.
Legionnaires are welcome at any American Legion Post. If your post lacks a building, you can enjoy fellowship at a traditional post.
Your job is to plant the seed and keep it watered. God will decide how it grows!
With 5 more receptions, will pass Mark Clayton, becoming 3rd all time (235) in Ravens franchise history.. Mason (471), Heap (467)
How about both?
Tiger cursing exremely loud near the mikes
me to let's go for the 1200 main event I wanna play it
Chestnut Tree on begins it's new Thursday nights/Friday Mornings from 2-5AM this week. Expect some interesting changes :D
I'm over Winter this year. Ready for some sunshine! I think that's why a lot of us stay in MN though...
I know east coast!!!!!
thanks ! anyone in NYC area? email for more info
Each piece of 'Purely Dance' is a 'little journey'
" and if our God is for us, then who can ever stop us, and if our God is with us then what can stand against?"
Good morning twitterverse! NCM wants you to get the most out of your follow - what would you like to see us tweet about most? Let us know!
sitting in one of the new sauna cars on Caltrain
WHY IS EVERYONE TALKING ABOUT SALTED CARAMEL ICE CREAM. BRING TO ME!
Talking on the phone<<<
Ugh. Was on the http//10.0.01 thing, entered password, then it bumped me out. "Password" and what I entered not working.
Congrats Explora on being awarded the 2010 National Medal for Museum and Library Service.
Solo wedding crafty party? Or nap with cats?
Ryan, thanks for helping to spread the word. There will be coffee/water on-site, food trucks outside and an after-party nearby.
Niall: I'm not hungry. Me: WHAT? Maura: WHAT? Obama: WHAT? Aliens: WHAT? Jesus Christ: WHAT? Directioners: WHAT?
I'm Cory Or Tre' whichever I'm 15
DA Pat Lykos done! FBI!wouldn't that scare u if DA investigated you just for serving your community?”
- of course! :-) Looking forward to it! :-)
The weekend was 48 hours long. I spent 24 of them watching football.
Shoot Mallory went Out 4 times in. I let madi out twice.
“: re State Supreme Court, having visited that congregation, have to think such a decision is harder for historic congregations.
who cares about the PROBOWL??? Does anyone watch that game??? Players only want the contract bonus for making team.
logie dont like the twitter land to see his sad or bad side& when sammy started making him mad, he didnt want his tweetfam 2 no
i steve. ditto. :)
you would like to take a picture with us?
I did! RT : Over its 117-year history, more athletes have run at #PennRelays than at any single meet in the world.
haha let's do it!
is teaching tonight for the 1st time !!!!!! Make sure you guys come out....She's sick....
holy ass that does make me feel old
You're welcome! Glad to hear from you.
Oh my god!!
No, that's
SPRING BREAK in 2 days!!
An old-age pension would be made available for all persons over 60.
I want to go to Singapore and eat at the street food hawker stalls!
why do they play music in malls? automatically raises the volume level cos everyone talks over it. so dumb!
Nose prints on display case glass
And now feeding him any and every lie I can come up with. Emily is a compulsive eater and liar. you're welcome ;)
He knows me so well. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol
yes. Shame on main stream US media. The arrest are ridiculously violent & newsworthy. Please encourage media coverage + reposting
How have I never been passed Courvoisier?
Its effin sweltering out here
Just got to the meeting 1oak was off the hook last night!
It makes me sad when ppl still don't understand it's not abt the tools, but your goals & how you use the tools to achieve those goals
Pretty good crowd for tonight's Franklin Township Community #School Board meeting. Have a feeling many will weigh in on pay-to-bus issue.
What a day I'm having...pretty productive so far...
Love my man Booker. Barney was awesome. What a great show.
Well, there are bugs in the salad bar here at Gaylord. I'm going to eat my entree but that's completely disgusting.
Hey, why not #followalibrarian (er, us?) today?! We mostly keep to ourselves... until there's news about the
Speaker silver: the abuses we hear about are not the norm. Still, they must be dealt with
I asked the same question the other day!
The #Escondido Fire Department will conduct live fire training today near El Norte Parkway; FYI, smoke is a byproduct, so no cause to worry
Well started off great and then lost my swing.
agenda for today: enjoy 60 degree day in March...see how far I can run and then enjoy some grilling...happy spring forward day
This week only, 250 FREE Business Cards with any order of $50 or more! Call today! 720-542-6105, make sure you mention this ad!!!
What my techie friend does is display all the different lists he's created, then keeps it minimized on his desktop.
Even though I'm the one who ended it, I want you so bad. I'm so stupid, how could I let this go.
why did you get banned for a year?? hah
I would love to see that you followed me back...</3
Kids have to be thinking thank god we are not living in Minnesota, ha
I think the Asian one
"This is your life, are you who you want to be?" - This Is Your Life by <U+2665>
Time to get back on track and thump the Huskies tonight
lol oh goshh I hope so!
You don't want to heal? Don't play a healer. Cleric w/o lots of spells and heals? That's a paladin.
good thing we never had mood swings
Sick and Tired and just plain sick and tired!
Where's the love? “: don't forget Mr. on the phone.”
i wish this was a bieber world , paha bieber or die tfunniest thing you make me laugh i love you!
who i was last year, and who i am this year are two totally different people. stop getting them confused
It's not going to be an allnighter - 11-04-08 - 7:42 pm - Barack Obama is the 44th President of the United States.
It's an unwritten rule that you can take a longer lunch on Friday!
Thanks for stopping in! Hope you're enjoying the beach!
Starting Amy Hempel's Tumble Home, the story itself, not the collected stories of the same name. What am I in for ?
Happy to make contact with you folks too! Your set rocked by the way
lmfaoo your such a jerk!
Gotta Cop Dem Tix 4 Da Lions Mon Night Game n Dec against Falcons!
what it do my brother holla back-YoBrother-H
fine. On my way to work
Each time you rather talk to her, when to smiled at her, when you call her babe, when you pushed me away when I was your GF! All of this!
Thanks for tweeting about me & for the ego boost by referring to me as "incredible" :) haha. You're healthy living tips rock!!
It all depends man! Shoot me an Email if your interested at
Learning about the Global Education Challenge at #QC2012 event. Up first, Finland
That's great! What #football position do you play?
Fucking Liar, I hate you so much right now thanks for that good morning, you fucking douche.
Thanks to Mr. Paley + the entire La Palina team for their generosity and the fine La Palina cigars we're honored to carry
What an amzibg surprise to have Kathy, Linh and Lindsay visit me at work tonight! I wish someone visited me everytime I worked.
Did you develop a way to use the full spectrum of the light radiation? We admire you, thank you from all of us!
Thank you! :)
I swear is the best thing EVER!! SO MUCH NEW MUSIC!! I'm in heaven!
That awkward moment when your lesbian friend likes a picture of you on facebook...its like, should i be worried...?
Agreed, what specifically is this in response to Scott?
Follow my company
For what they're paying him, he needs to relax and enjoy the ride.
If I have to miss the Vikings/Packer game at least its for HANSON AT THE RAVE TONIGHT!
Josh sandwich on red beard bread.
IV been wanting to try that and the method with the gummy bears to and skittles
I just learned the trick of microwave popcorn in a paper bag- it's genius!
I have to keep the car running when there's a fantastic #greenday oldie playing. Yes, I'm jamming in the parking lot outside my apt.
How about a consumer of PBR? I'm your man! “: Looking for a great Consumer PR Account Executive in Seattle, know anyone? Pls RT!
Dear bed, I know that I left you this morning, but I love you. Take me back?
it could be a while ... i've had a ton of projects dumped on me this week. Expect eric to dominate until further notice
I agree in any sport! This just turns off future recruits to turn away programs where fans act like this!
Twisted my ankle while carrying a load of CDs to sell Clearly, the music I liked in 2002 wanted to stay mine.
There was a dog following me when I went to take the trash out lol
Do you know Detroit? Get to know the city that's blazing a trail by redefining itself w landuse & more.
People are fuckfaces... RT : There are chances of passing nicotine through breast milk if mother smokes.
In 1892 a NY legislation gave the NYC Parks Department $150,00 to establish Castle Garden as an Aquarium.
Started a new contract with Arby's to update 14 of their North Texas Restaurants.
I know, I need to start stripping
Entirely way too many people on the megabus have some post nasal drip sniffles #buysomebenadryl pleeeeaase
The office: repeating plot lines.
I want Pancakes!>.<
Oh I see you...
"Everything ends the way it begins. God takes care of the little things." ::the boy least likely to::
Just Realized that those two science homework assignments are the difference between a B and an A
thought you tweeted stephandtheOAT and wondered about her new veggie b-fast place. :)
Today's BTU inspiration: "Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you!
I keep seeing ads for #HayFever Great show! Highly recommend!!
hey I'm sorry I haven't been feeling well lately so i've been going to bed early! we do need to talk tho! text me today :)
Not sure. Sorry. Of course, you can always email me if interested. Address is on our website.
- My first time seeing them live!
Brought Beatrice back to life, Teradactyl shit on hood gone
Welcome !: Joe Doran CEO of Tout, formerly of Media6Degrees, MSFT joins BOD of Meteor Solutions tinyurl.com/3l6hnxn
Take me I'm yours...
what is your favorite band??
And also cite everyone else so they know you read what they told you.
thank you Rob. Happy Monday to you!
I hope you enjoyed the beautiful Jax weather.
use #uksglive so we don't miss your tweets!
Let's get those followers up to win free tickets.. Give us a shout out
Thank everyone for tuning in to the #socialbiz webcast! And thanks to and for sharing their experience!
one goal really makes all the difference between winning the title
I thought Ivan Johnson would have done something a lot more violent just then
#Countdown, less than 10.000 followers! Miss is coming close to reaching the #16MillionsBritneyArmy on twitter!
I get the feeling the lady in question is a sports fan who started a PR firm as a means to connect with players.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Just ran across a Craigslist add I posted in Tucson trying to forma band when I was 21... I've been chasing this dream for a while. B )
hurry up weekend
The nose is the penis of the face.
Oh good.
That is a beautiful teapot! Perfect for Year of the Dragon!
Didn't forget about you #golf?
I woke up yesterday morning feeling very unsure about the #Caps. Dc sports fans are used to losing.
Don't Miss Loren Connors Solo @ the Abrons Arts Center (Lower East Side) Tonight!
": A #Gemini is more attracted to your mind than your body." #sotrue wow me
Dillard looks like a vampire. Just saying.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. ~ Dave Gardner
Can't help but pour through all of #Moebius ' work today. It's absolutely amazing.
you had me up to the mushrooms.
I need followers will follow back
I saw him
thats bad ass and u can do watever
kinda hard to do Sara Evans - but so far not bad at all
Sometimes theater is too much for me.
especially since Reacher is six foot five--as I recall
Facebook apps ChiliFresh & SirsiDynix allow libraries to embed OPACs in their Facebook pages; you can search the cat, pay fines, holds, etc.
Awesome! #dogood RT Headed to Silver Spring for some volunteer work this morning. My soul needs this.
This moving shit is for the birds
They say it's "capped at 30" but mine always went up to 35. I could get up to 40 going downhill!!
The Spurs under the genius Greg Popovich have approached this season better than anyone. I admire how they play to win plain and simple
#brekgiveaway Quite, they attack during excessive celebrations
petsmart that is
Where in [southern] India can I experience great music? Cities, venues & festivals are all considered. I love dance music. Thx!
I can take more creative liberties when my partner isn't involved. It alleviates him of the stress of scripting.
thank you very much
Is lobster becoming the new papyrus?
my favorite .gif ever bro
im freezing my bum off in this room!!!!
that fool had the whole place filled with endo smoke lol
alone. Every panel I'm on there is one person who interrupts and has all the fucking answers.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Everything's getting the #humanize treatment these days. It's encouraging.
Take a few seconds and follow ... this is the official Twitter account of Atlanta's only African-American Museum. Please RT!
Going home to my chinese food yaer
11am & 1pm cancellations tomorrow, and some 2am tanks open tonight. $15 off if you call soon and mention twitter! 503.384.2620
I love working with local businesses and helping them with their SEO!
Whats clubs it at tonight l.a?
Yay! Please follow me!!
keep on the phils
Fulfilling my new year's resolution for more tickets.
The no-deposit...choral one and the autism/sped class. Week of June 18th. Decisions decisions :-)
Always a fun time at Cafe 322! Casual Italian fare & wonderful live music in beautiful Sierra Madre!! www.cafe322.com
Whee... 25 pages of notes and counting... is this a news story or a term paper?
True story: husband just said, "I picked out the order for Hulk Hogan movie night!" (What have I gotten myself into...)
Check out my earlier RT of ... great photo of our kids on the Capitol steps!
I love you <3
Follow us on Facebook. Once we hit 300 "likes" we will be giving away a FREE window cleaning for a lucky person in the Albuquerque area!
Happens to me on EVERY flight.
I #miss the time that we spent together :((
We have somehow ended up in the only metal bar in Hondo, TX. Not that I'm complaining.
I'm with the magazine idea cuz!!!
“: And so my dog just burped 30 sec later farted then stretched out and fell asleep” how I go to bed nightly
I Feel Diffrerent This Time Around
You can also download any of the Podcasts via iTunes. Search 'Brownsdraft'. Thanks for listening! #GoBrowns!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM has made a few adjustments on the site! check them out =]
We appreciate your candor RT : The funny thing is I don't miss a single person I block. And I've only unblocked one person EVER.
No no, thank YOU. :)
Love my lifegroup!! It was totally God's doing and I can't wait to see what He will do with everyone!
We did! Thank you for your support! See you next year!
thank you for coming! I LOVE YOU <3
We're playing at PADDY MAC'S off the IRVING PARK BLUE LINE tomorrow night if you feel so inclined! (& you should.)
You are SO SO SO missed!
congrats young Jedi
He wasn't the only one getting worked tonight!
Fired Up!
Traded for a crafty veteran pitcher...
A wiki-editors work is just never done.
Hope everyone has a great! Easter :) <3
I take it, you survived this?? LOL.
According to Peyton's Dr. his fusion has "achieved firm fixation" which means he can now up his rehab process.
- thanks so much for the awesome books - we will get them into the hands of kids ASAP!
Adele - what a standout. There's pretty much no words...
every weekend I work during the day to make money and I spend it all at night smh
Q4) Have the audacity to make courses the last option if there is more than one viable option
I'll be live at the 8's Gifts From the Heart Holiday Drive for Ronald McDonald House SD 11am-Noon, Bring a Toy, Watch the Joy!
Open For Brunch Today!
:) hope you liked the news!
Ashton Kutcher to Play Steve Jobs in Upcoming Film. Interesting.
oh my god my little cousin is freaking out. im like "chill we havent won them yet"
on the other hand, getting someone like Anthony Davis one of these years will make all the young players "play" better.
Excited for the day we look back on old articles and text with the word "internet" capitalized. Oy. Knock it off, already.
yeah, an egg has 66% of your daily cholesterol and it's all in the yolk!
#saysomethingpassiveaggressive day is the best!
well i guess she fell asleep on me on well! (: her and her naps haha lol
Can't wait to be a believer. All the best for the remainder of your travels. Hope it all pays off for you and your team.
Such an ass,all the ppl that are here after playing the MXTP always have the most amazing things to say about the venue & ppl
totally called my mom this a.m. to bitch about something and forgot to say happy mother's day....
NCIS Juniors T-shirt – Gibbs Ponders Crime Drama Black Tee Shirt
I simply don't give a fuck. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Do u yawn when u see the word "yawn"?? I just did lol!!
The late night tweet - I just realized I need to tweet more. Hum and I used to tweet a lot before too! But now I must get my tweetzzz...
This Badger coach doesn't prepare his teams for the big games. Puke
Stay in your lane
Hey ! Just a few Better Bites Members who will be in your #SFCFarm2Plate swag bags!
Today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well there4 to this day. Francis Gray
I have to admit... I am officially a Jeremy Lin fan!!!
bitch. We better meet some hot guys then.
after work im going to go look for some tattoo ideas. ^_^
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life. ~ Leo Buscaglia (via: )
Stop complaining about boys playing you. If you don't respect yourself, how can you expect boys to respect you?
We are! We would love to hear what you come up with! All the info is on theycallusanimals.com - Type further questions on email.
No! Its the cutest!
Hump Day!!! Its down hill from here folks.
I was having a great dream and then I woke up.
Thx 4 following - now I'm following you :)
Try smiling even more today. It will brighten the day for others and for you! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
and now, I'm instantly starving.
dont know the "you all" u speak of, I know I was excited the O's swept the sox. Had the same feeling when ravens swept steelers
Thank you very much! I hope you guys are having a really wonderful tour! : )
Lester is finally losing to the #Orioles tonight. I can feel it.
awh thank yo Bea! You are very sweet!
Much appreciated!
I wasn't able to watch the webinar yesterday...will it be available on the SMPP site?
’s NEW VIDEO “GEORGIA PEACHES” MAKES WORLD PREMIERE TOMORROW, JANUARY 6th 7 a.m. CST on CMT
Sorry for not tweeting during ¡No Pasaran!'s set but I was busy having way too much fun.
Off to Colorado to see the children.
RT:#TinCanAPI is bigger than training and learning. Can extend to work trends+job qualification capture. Thats huge
U crack me up. Shannon. #savelapl. Library n bad shape please tell to bring back library staff.
Anyone else having trouble with people being defriended from #Twitter account? Any advice? #nothappy!
Who actually cares about Arizona? NO ONE -__-
I think more people need to read Paul Krugman. He helps me get the economy.
RT : RT : Only 1 days left to enter our Spring NW Start-up DEMO! Showcase your new product or company, send in your...
My mom sent me my 20 year old Disney World pass with 1 day left. Disney honored it. $29/day then. $80/day now. :)
- get-qadgroupmember by quest
What ever happened to French toast for breakfast. Shoot out to all those beautiful women that can still throw down in the kitchen
New dream job title: Information Magician. Infogician?
RT : You would think the Browns HAVE to move up now to get a quality WR
Who dumped a bunch of properties right before the Canton neighborhood took off?
Volstad could theoretically pitch, right? I'm saying if we're 3 or 4 innings later.
Hey #swsea11 teams -- we're hitting Costco at 10am. Reply with soda/drink/snack requests before then & we'll try to accommodate.
The world don't move to the beat of just one drum, what might be right to you, might not be right to some.
lemme know when you get to Fenty vol. I have about 1,100 pages worth of results. ln you “: Caro on Moses?
You're my EX that will forever remain.
Pandora keeps freezing my iPod !!
Can we all just agree to STOP wearing bluetooth earpieces when not actually on the phone?
Hanging with my friend
I need a full body massage. Any volunteers?
If any Cville area residents (or expatriates) have Kickstarter projects, send us a link cause we're launching a Curated Kickstarter page!
I just met Travis Barker. Tightness.
yup, over and over again.
Waiting to see Ron Paul speak in person for the first time in my life!!! Can't wait!!!!!!!
Some great companies hiring top talent at the Tech Career Expo!
Great way to spend my Friday nightt, <33
Imagine you being forced by Whites to accept being called "Anglo" just because you speak English? RT I can relate.
love the music!
cool, ill let u know what i end up doing
Sometimes we live our lives in chains, not knowing that we have the key.
just tell him all will be fine after the Boozer/Watson for Pau Gasol trade goes down
M cause. But nevermind then
Thanks for coming out to Love4Haiti!
. sound like they would be very popular in Seattle
listening to new album #Undun. nothing short than a classic AGAIN!!!! one of the greatest groups/bands of all time
Putt putt with cindy after an intense frisbee golf game.
I see you right now lol
Ridiculously overrated
Batten down the hatches my #Twiend mega winds a blowin ur way! TOU
"After all these years.. I finally see what's real, Love turned into Hate & Hate turned into Fear" -#ImOnTop & I like the view from here!!!
Great to hear you're getting into SM swim, look forward to connecting on next steps!
I NO LONGER KNOW WHOSE POV I AM WRITING THIS IN :|.
People need to mind their own damn business.
Such a sad thing...
: ATTENTION Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3. It's in great condition. Anyone interested. Minimum of $350
CC Sabathia looks like he got really fat. Makes me love him that much more.
so ... my dad bought me FAKE D&G sunglasses ... -_-
As of right now, everything is completed. I am officially done with Graduate school.
Cuban Salsa with Tradiciones ((TONIGHT)) @ Salsa Under the Stars. Serious caliente.
You're sadly mistaken if you think I'm into chasing.
Per BBC: Bad bosses have increased stress in workplace so that in UK stress is greatest cause of lost working days. Same true in US.
Amazing day yesterday - Giants win over the Padres 4-1! Thanks to everyone who came out and tailgated with us, looking forward to next year!
New shop Opening Ceremony at the Ace Hotel has some great designs. I wish them success as they are changing this neighborhood.
Aw, Olive Garden didn't give me any breadsticks this time, lame. Oh well, c'est la vie.
If people go around saying "BAM", won't Emeril Lagasse sue for trademark infringement?
Good luck old mate!
The Hobbit is fun but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
My baby is becoming a big guy!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
thanks for the RT dudes.
in from the desert,..such a magical and beautiful evening.... a shimmering new crescent moon..and mars high above..
#2012c19 Sianne Ngai: if you squint at Melville it starts to look like Heidegger.
Its fuckin humid ass balls and it smells like piss inside. This is great
Considering changing my twitter name.. all these underscores are lame! Hm, what should I make it? haha
Warchin' Sammy H, Joe & the guys at live !!
Getting #free is an inside job! The #world is our mirror. What is it reflecting back to you?
you were awesome tonight! Sorry I didn't get a chance to say hi.
And, the winners in 6th place will win a prize back to the 25th anniversary of the !
I'm so jealous of you guys! I can't wait to see the daily pictures. Have a BLAST!!!
I has straight A's WOOT!!!!!!!
Q2: What are some innovative ways to utilize #networking as a growth arm?
So it is official...I am taking a HURRICANE VACATION to OHIO for the weekend! HELLO OHIO!!! (BE GONE FROM NYC FRIDAY TO MONDAY!).
Iowa for a few days.
That DQ blizzard was good! Now I'm paying for it.
The train bells in #PDX are a simulated bell. It sounds really weird.
BUTTLICKER, OUR PRICES HAVE NEVER BEEN LOWER
Sound: fireworks. Sight: fireflies. My yard, now.
With me as coach, we came SO CLOSE to winning tonight's volleyball game. A dream deferred, for now. 0-7
Omg there's a 'honey 2'
With my nieces and nephews playing basketball. By far one of my favorite things too do.
Im going to post a new YouTube video soon. maybe tonight. :)
Rebranding: "Deep Thoughts from PimpRadio." Use photo in which you are pensively smoking a pipe, quote Baudrillard more
THANKS for the #zibbet shout-out!
Im bout to release all my stress on this hoe when I get backk Bet on it!!!!!
I've realized that I hump my pillow at night. WAT.
RT : Il be at The Palace on Plume today in The Norfolk , Va Beach Area come through ! 12-6 !
Making dinner. Thinking of spitting on my moms food.
Writing a pop song in my head as I attempt to avoid packing books. "Don't wanna pack, don't wanna pack. No no no." At least the tune's nice.
Does it weird anyone else out that librarians refer to OCLC as "The Big O"?
Everyone in my house is sick , hope I'm not next . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Damn people getting shot behind J's wtf???
“: Girls night. IFC night. #mylifeisahashtag ” / LOVE.
;; Yessh . Well . I just did large quanities of it .. And it makes me feel wonderful
i have to change to old twitter just to change my settings i hate you retards and ur stupid little Twitter Offices making money
my EPIC tweet for the weekend...yup, I just tweeted #EPIC Still waiting for March 10!!!
working like a dawg, just now coming up for air! How are you my lovely sith?
Glad to say me and now have a nice family on the sims. He likes to murder people though...
Bruce has a stupid last name.
Sometimes its better to let go , to get closer to the one you love
nosey as i am, i couldn't get myself to open a mystery fridge in a basement. I now regret it. The suspense of what was there is killing me.
Hope you have been doing all things Milwaukee on this #MilwaukeeDay!
#3WordsOfAdvice Nothing lasts forever ...
bless and highly favored
Looking for some family fun? FREE hands/ON! activities take place at the Museum every Second Saturday...TODAY!! - from 10am to 4pm...
I suck at remembering people
Shot the Spokane Shock game last night...loads of fun even with an OT loss.
Someone just donated $10,000 dollars in Krystle's name!!!!!!!!!!!! Get on board!!!!!!! Honor her memory!!!
thx for the follow. I use GHS Boomers on my Les Paul and nothing else!
Every town has a sports bar.
Just saw two clients jogging and wearing their #RetrainSport thin t-shirt! Yea!!
Really only room for one, especially considering that they're both likely multi-year players.
Perfect flying day in Tampa today. Boo for TFRs
we will work it out, work it out work it out. Seriously though, let's talk tomorrow night about cage supplies!
I now go out with HER <3 hmu love my chick
(I also wrote about home movies, loving my friends, and that time I got hit real hard in the face with a wallet.)
Im bout to hit the Booth!
More abstract than a bag of rocks.
I know that does and I will
WHIPPED CREAM
thanks for the #ff Adrian! hope tomorrow is the miracle we're all awaiting..have a great weekend bud! cheers!
hell yeah ! I be out of there ! Haha
the weather in Cali is crazy right now. I'm gonna miss that sunshine during my first winter in Nashville. I'll be freezing.
Please note to all the niggas that think they have #swag let my boi show you what Swag is really about #headlines #teamfollowback ;)
sorry I spelled that wrong
Tax the 1% 70% and put it all into education at all levels
welcome to the twitterverse my fellow non stop traveler!
"It's People"
Did art from 9:00am - 11:00pm. I'd say that's a pretty successful day ;)
Well my little brothers raising hell living down in Texas
Thanks - it went well the 2nd time. Must have been user error the first time ;-)
Oxy Mo: Volunteer Job
Don't take me for granted... You'll regret it..
Tune in next week for #MaryMary on !! Follow
Thank you for following! Tell me more about your products.
What I said about expect the best, get more....should be, get surprized.
Bro i miss you man
Great read as BlueRock begins our redesign.
to Bro congratulations
if I accidentally tweet from that account today, it's completely on you.
I love MetropolisComics.com. Exllnt stock of Golden Age comics!
My book "Love Isn't Painful" by Shanita Johnson. is at Barnes and Noble or online at Amazon.com
#GoTribe I'm trying to go to at least 2 tribe games next week. I think Wednesday is $1 night
Thanks for the #ff mention, Kim!
I now
that is evil.
It's not easy being this sexy...
Can't get your link to comments/contest to work.
Appreciate your pump fist and squee and the tweets. :-D
I especially like the use of branding. Maybe it's the house sponsor. RT : What a pretty blue house!
If you want to contact me this weekend, I'll be geeking out with watching The Avengers in IMAX 3D.
Playing at the Cypress Creek Cafe in Wimberley, TX tomorrow night - Dec.4th @ 9pm. Good Times!!
swarley is bathing himself on my final project #whatever #nobigdeal and now he just slapped madden in the face. whats going on
I KNOW!!!! Our first RADAR event in NYC is going to be amaaaaaayzing!
GA=prob my most frequented site daily RT #SEO Tip:Check #Google #Analytics: conversions, bounce rates & traffic sources
881 stocks in the green, 2274 stocks in the red, 767 unchanged.
We still lead the all time series 14-10 and that was a mistake, y'all beat us once out of the past 5 years!
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it! Stay tuned...July 25, 2010 is the big day!
what are you on?
Starting my new gig on Wednesday!! Absolutely pumped beyond belief......
I'd add & from US RT #FF fabulous literary events
Another 15 minute #Fox 7 Friday Sports Extra is coming up. State Track is this week's focus.
Just started this instagram bullshit, let's c how it goes lol. Follow me @ ahhhfuckitsnoel!
Snowed in & working on our new website, surrounded by boys playing Legos & girls playing Dance Central.
I'm in a country music kinda mood tonight. #What?!
Time To Fly
congratulations man, i fukin luuuuv that song!
Woot woot shoots coming up... say hello to : )
Going to appear like a luddite but how do I receive / send faxes by email?
Word on the dangerous streets of Schoen Place is that a $125,000 necklace was stolen yesterday
The pressure in my head is steady creepin up
HEADS of accounts!!! Sort of all caught up now...
Happy Birthday Senior Systems & Network Admin Ryan Aydelott!
Damn I'm full..
Hooray! RT attached to direct an amazing short - very excited! Looking fwd to shooting in city I call 'home'.
“People ignore design that ignores people.” – Frank Chimero, graphic designer
When I get off finna crack open dis 1800 and watch this "Avengers" movie
Thanks glad you liked the video!
he said yes
Lord Knows.
funniest set of tweets i've seen in a while!
You know what's nice about walking to work at 5am? The city smells like chocolate and the view is not bad. But I would rather be sleeping.
Because I feel like I'm on my way to
You know it's bad when the bad news doesn't surprise you anymore..
"I don't wanna disturb u, but...." Yeah to late for that O_O ...creeper
Damn it don't take that long to go to the bathroom I am ready to get my material for my test and leave he
It feels so good to be doing my thing.
Anyone swtiched to the new #Facebook #Timeline yet?
Looking for media sponsors for #Arizona tour dates.
I am feeling the wrath of Friday the 13th!
my friend owns a bar....I'm not sure if it was specifically what u stated but it had a pickle juice chaser...now I want one
": Hey Tebow, thanks again for knocking the Steelers out of the playoffs."
that's truly scary, but at least you know i have nothing to hide
Hey GERUER! :P what ya doing~?:p
I've always been told I couldn't. Fuck that. I can and I will and no one is going to stop me.
Good morning friends... :)
NFL schedule has been released. I still ride with New England, I got whatever on the floor.
I have a shirt here for you! I sent you an email to get an address so I can send it to you with a note to express my gratitude
Watching all 3 Spy Kids. I feel like a kid again ^_^
Yes! I'm staying with my brother in Fell's Point. You're here, right?
Where's me pot of gold?
Sitting in the car and listening to Mountain Stage. This is a West Virginia Saturday night.
be safe and have loads of fun gonna be hot out...go Sporting
I want a chinchilla. RT : I really want a hamster.
YUS ! Canucks daily is following us ! Whoop
OMG I'm a futurist & a trend spotter. Move over #FaithPopcorn!! This is amazing. LOL!
Important meetings this morning, hopefully not wasting our time! Sometimes we feel like hamsters on a wheel around here!!
Very hard day at the office,I still do not understand why adults use their kids as Pawns in a custody battle! What are we doing to our kids!
that right, that was before yo time when all da girls had smurf stuff
hey! What you up to?
I guess he still doesn't have 'swag' right?
These atl boys peeping like a mf. ;)
RT : ive been confused and been in my feelings for the past 2 weeks -________-
and even better if it sends that list to your mobile so you won't forget the list
M...just manually Froyo'd my Droid. Now to grab Google 'Chrome to Phone'!
edit training and lighting setup for #photoshoot for new #models. Where is the hell is my #camera?
Chalk up a Pink Floyd today. I was just thinking, if I ever see one of my students in an shirt, my head might explode from joy!
"The brain continually redefines normality." -Beau Lotto
Welcome to SaveTheTerrace Twitter Feed
Sorry, #STLCards fans, I gave Jason Motte a compliment tonight. This loss is on me. I should have known better.
Hello! What's up?
shit people that crave attention say: "LMS".......
Are you talking about Weapons of the Wealthy? I'm down for works that play on Scott's 'Weapons of the Weak' :)
Modern living has resulted in an acid-alkaline imbalance in our bodies (chronic low-grade acidosis) due to diet, environment and stress
Breathe Carolina > BOTDF
Thank you for your support!
Congrats!! You won an I-pod touch!!!
Up late still thinking about the same old bs... =\
Do all of the asians that live in chinatown work at UK as ta's?
People stepping on the back of your shoes<
Good morning Seattle. What's in store for you this week?
hey love can u please follow me?!?
haha just gotta make sure it's known ;)
can u contact at for generating PR4 links
Almost home for spring break - 20 more min on this awful train until I can enjoy a much anticipated crabcake and !
Questioning authority is apropos. May Day at
: ok I got ya
I hate walking all the way to the other side of the damn school for my next class. Ugh. I need one of those sidewalk scooter things.
I did! And I am finally releasing which is very fun!
At the crib lol can't wait for nov6 Iam going to NYC =]
Check out and to see what we're doing to inspire & train entrepreneurs as college freshmen!
pitches "Memorialization" pitches "Moving The Needle: How do we create critical mass?"
Had a little technology "imperfectionism" on the 7 Habits Call tonight, but had fun, fingers crossed 4 recording.
Gunfire, arrests after Kentucky wins NCAA title
A mystery I will never understand Why Guys Lie?
she probably added points to your review actually
CBS will feature the late Mike Wallace in a special edition of 60 minutes next Sunday
they druski you so nice i say sorry i was
#IORMB the music video extravaganza!!!!
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
Had a fantastic closing weekend for this chapter of CarnEvil. This is only the beginning. Keep a look out for when CarnEvil is back to town
RT : can't the brewers get better in game songs than violent femmes and the "day-o" chant?" - Like the Humpty Dance?
Watching a #homeland marathon with the last two nights. This show is great! Glad to get caught up!
Follow Me Please!
Woo! Sheldon Cooper is trending!!!!!!!
So HBO's Luck got cancelled after 3 horse deaths in one season. Too bad we can't cancel horse racing after its 800+ horse deaths per year.
B2ST!!! I've been waiting for this!!!
Thank you so much! The date of the concert will be released soon, we're trying I find one that works best with the performers!
En route to IKEA!!
My index finger is killing me :(
thats a great sounding list. thanks!
when are you seeing #Avengers ??
bro I'm Kanye in real life
great...this afternoon lol
commented and said that she made it and it made me really mad -_-
RT : When is tweeting you about Amish kids...
How do you think I felt coming back from Doha? :) Welcome to Baltimore by the way. When do you head home?
Two long ass days of school left!!!!
Bowling is the number one participation sport in America. Come on out to Broken Arrow Lanes and join in on the fun!
My triceps are so sore :l
Thanks for the retweet, Nick! Have a good night.
One more day. One more time. One more sunset baby I'd be satisfied.
I am no longer a teenager.
That is flippin' awesome.... congrats to her indeed!
What an awesome compliment, thanks, Mia! : #Typographic joy! Could listen to Ilene Strizver, type specialist and founder of...
vinny will you please come to Iowa ? I'd love that .. Marry Me ?
Ugh super busy day. Food truck, moving concrete, and then back to slinging grub at Czar Bar. Gah I'm tired!!!
the grizzlies game reminds me of the tigers last game.
Great Minds Become Great People! Be Great in your own Mind! Coach Terry
haha mad your proudest franchise moment was joining the steelers in 1943? Conversely it was our lowest moment
The perfect compliment to a beautiful Saturday is weekend music on
Flight booked for Baja-LA boat delivery! I'll be crewing on a 65ft boat for the next week+ starting friday. Can't wait to share the photos!
yeah go enjoy your nice hot meal i bet your slave made it
You know, for the right price Stephen Tulloch would look sharp on the turf of C-Link.
No I can't, you've been slacking/your Twins fandom is waning :-)
I don't give a monkey shit about anything when my music is playing bitch !!
This game is over rated
Does #obama really think #planbpill is sold next to bubble gum & batteries? Mr. President, step into a freaking Walgreens please.
Sunday 1:30-4:30 : Eye-opening free presentation on visual programming for artists -- all skill levels encouraged to attend
Hm, I think the world of #digital dropped the use of the word
#thesitter was hilarious! Anything with Jonah hill is always good.
ciggarettes? you can stop anything if you set your mind to it! cliche but true, i support you on it!!
Stress. . .The Reason I Started Boxing Years Ago. Because Of That Word I Can't Make Clear Decisions, But Now I Found A Way To Release It.
U R too cute! Have a good rest of ur day!!!!
So glad I brought my dinner. Gonna be a late night in the studio.
Got home at 11 and fell asleep at 1145. Work at seven. Rough.
Tommy Gainey is 14-under par and has a one-shot lead over Mark Wilson in the second round of the Phoenix Open in Arizona.
Get in the car we're in PA. HAPPY EASTER!
oh juss snacking on soome pizza
Can't the US government have a Harry Potter benefit night? 'Potter' finale conjures up $1 billion worldwide
sometimes others are depending on you not to fail. Like your children. I think that is where the fear often comes from.
the cast of your new favorite movie is on charlie rose tonight
Your really mean to your friends. I'm not sure how you have any left.
Tomorrow is the first day of the second weekend of JazzFest 2012. Both Ani DiFranco and Florence + The Machine in the afternoon. Yummy.
Nothing else to do for pads fans, 62-100 MT : Padre fans individual Braun taunts is utterly pathetic.
the highest it gets is probabl the high 80's if that.
FREE MARTINIS AND COSMOS FOR LADIES 5PM-6PM at Fashion 40's Singles Party Thurs, Feb 3rd on the main floor, back area. 202 W. 40th St, NYC.
its closing time lol
lmao yes dude yesterday we would play that shit thru the walkies when the beat drops it was awesome lmao
im not reallt im a veggie lol x
officially the most carded person in
maybe it's like an odometer: you're just THAT popular!
#wtf Why is Ted Nugent on my Google News page? Is he of consequence somehow?
this ad pushing vasectomies in march so you can watch hoops madness while you recover - hilarious
Down not up for those who not team iPhone lbs
be back in 5
“: My week on twitter: 18 retweets 1 new listings, 4 new followers, 52 mentions. congratulations!
thanks for the #FF mention!
Good morning Twitterville!!! Best wishes to everyone for an awesome week. Be excellent to yourselves and, each other.
Vince, Joe, and Dom?
RT : #barnesandnoble BUY ALL THE BOOKS!!
. ugh and that strange ass man that said "oh carefull ladies theres snakes over there "
You're so wonderful!!! Big S/O 2 u always!!!
Dinner time!
Amazon just sent me an email w/ subject line "Nausea. We have recommendations for you!" ...it was about the Sartre novel
All the columns are reporting that she just left 2 go 2 church & that she will compete. Sigh. That girl stresses me out!
RT : 2 World Series, a Super Bowl, 2 Final Fours, multiple other NCAA tournaments, Game 163, and that's just a start.
thanks for spreading the word! cheers! :)
Asserts that libraries doing massdig are taking a risk - true but ignores potential for fair use / unpublished materials
curtis painter wtf. You can't look any creepier...
the day of my birthday
First time I haven't finished the book for book-club. I feel like a traitor.
Could it possibly get any colder in this stupid lab?!!!
Rondo pretty much hates the press and answering questions.
Keep listening Mike - just played Astrud with Stan Getz about 10 minutes ago! Sorry you missed it!
Took a road trip to visit friends in Bloomington, IN and Chicago, IL this past weekend. Great to see so many people and catch up!
How much I love every thing that is decided and open!
RT : Truly enjoying the tweets and dialogue coming out of #ASCD12. Great PD for those unable to attend.
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
There is NO comparison. Period.
Where all these bandwagon flyers fans?
Yes: 's Guys & Dolls is definitely on my list. 7pm curtain is challenging for me this wknd, tho.
dude, practice what you preach! You literally just tweeted about me!
I'm sure most of you are guilty of "shweeting" shitting while tweeting.
tell me when you hear my silence, there's a possibility I wouldn't know.
2 hour train ride to Coney Island for the big, rocking, 8 hour car ride to Buffalo! It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Morning. A day filled with editing one project and researching another--glad to see both sides of the brain will get their just workout 2day
To all the mothers out there!! YOU ARE APPRECIATED!!!
What the hell is thinking with these highlighter unis?
OKAY BACK TO BUSINESS, GOT A SWEET16 MAY 5TH, ITS GOING DOWN, IM BOUT DAT $$$, DONT NOBODY MOVE BUT ME
Congrats looking forward to u guys being in the hood! RT “: Construction has commenced! We'll keep you all posted.
Ignite speaker at #COFLA: #Philanthropy needs to start thinking like DJs: crossfade, move betw different ideas.
Making final revisions in the #INCBattleBands script w/ the team. Watching the profile videos is getting me extra EXCITED.
For the first time since Freddie Mac started tracking rates (1971), the 30 year fixed-rate mortgage has fallen below 3.9%!
who's is ur gave IB
Sweet! Thanks. Just emailed the general info address.
It received pretty good reviews in the NYT and Trib. I'm skeptical because the original TV series seemed so schlocky.
I've let Duquette know we can't afford Prince Fielder. Duke Snyder, Earl Weaver, and Ray Knight are also out of the question.
Save time and money. We can come right to your home or office and change your oil or do auto repair in the okc area.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you keep asking me for money #kickrocks your too
RT : #WardrobeStyling for photoshoot this friday!! :) <=== I can't wait!!!! Bring all ur stuff. :)
Matthew is kind of a drama queen.
Three Squares Greetings wishes you the best Christmas possible.
NIGGA I WAS ON TWITTER BEFORE U. YALL NIGGAS ALWAYS GOT SOME TO SAY YALL NIGGAS KILL ME
Thanks for the woof!
Memory is the best editor.
(overdue) congrats on the new gig!
you are beau....tiful i <U+2661> you
RT: Gas station employees are gas station employees for a reason. Is it that they have no fear of being stabbed w/ a screwdriver?
Thanks Robert. Hope you guys are well and business is good!
RT : So Suzie basically wants Keisha to kiss Tami's ass for her belongings. Ok cool.-_-
idk I was just laughing cus u guys r dumb and I couldn't take you seriously with your mask omg
ASK HE SHOULD KNOW
Am interested in what you r doing re City of Austin Website...pscherer
Welcome to ! Pro tip: Keep your eyes open and your cell phone off when crossing the street.
Come on !
fuck it dude I'm doing it. Thanks man!
does that mean they are dead or just really hard to understand?
In treating skin growths, we need to accept certain medical facts: .keloidsurvey.com
burnt chip R hagahahahahah
#ThingIveLearned cant depend on nobody
Omg with your profile pic
omg happy birthday u were relle nice today but u looked tired i love u guys and u inspire me <3 Be ICONic <3
#Obama is a one one term President.
Woke up in a glum mood, but watching a movie definitely brightened the day
Thanks you to!
Nancy you are so freakin' awesome!
Bitches these days... I swear!!!
Add foursquare to that and you are all set. cc
It has been an up and down day in sports... Im still praying for Seau soul... No hitter was great to see
do you have a rough ETA on the Mission theme?
Well, both haha wrestling cures sickness, proven fact ;D
Yes! is coming to #ROC & we have your chance to win tix! Listen to after 4 for the deets...
Good conference so far, but no WiFi?
i pick my nose. altho, i really pick my nose any time
Red beans and rice,greens,mac and cheese with beef brisket....food coma!!
Where's the Freakonomics explainer for why hotels don't provide toothpaste?
#ABeautifulMind soundtrack always seems to put me back at center. Also, I associate it w/library scenes and am able to study better.
happy birthday mine is tomorrow :p
I think I would start with the Les Paul, but then again the SG and Explorer would be a good lead up to the Les Paul.
Just got finished cooking roast beef with gravy rice string beans n corn bread..
Shoutout to everybody that rocked with #URR since the beginning. We appreciate all your love and support.
Good God!! Ugh, just checked my Instagram and 7 out of 10 new photos were of babies!!
well played sir
Yea, I guess what makes me uneasy about Buzz is that anybody can map out you coordinates at any time. No privacy!
Thanks for the follow Viva Tysons Magazine (Viva_Tysons)! :)
Can an NBA owner legally have ownership (even in if 1/29th) of a second team???
I'm not lying :(
same here ..I didn't want nothing just thought about u :)
Thanks for the support!
Yankees will need a miracle to come back in this one!!!!
Lol I hit tweet limit on 4 of my accounts ..
Get me to a better seat at z100 jingle ball!!!!
had a pretty good today.
But one thing about it , Monique aint gon bite ha tongue nor sugacoat SHXT for NOBODY
Confession: I secretly love the jimmy dean commercials. All of them.
No :p
Saw the shuttle today from the roof of Amnh while interning
yo son, i wish i was there b, word is bond yo, id have that shit on lock ya figgadeal me?
HA! So true. RT : A4: Mayor RT Q4. What is the best regular recurring comedy gig in town?
Last week's promised DM w/ a special deal & so on was stymied by technology.So it will be done manually 2day.If u don't want it pls unfollow
absolutely! can you follow us so we can DM you an invite?
Thanks, Emily! I know, I can't wait either!
And ever since from my honey i've been twice the lady
Who is ready for Browns baseball? We are only a month away from opening our 6th season!
On another note my days going swell lol.
You seen that authentic Greek restaurant sign hanging in Harbor East? Its been named Ouzo Bay & will be opening soon!
Trying get you right girl
yall givin too much hype to a #backupQB. Kid will NEVER be an NFL starter.
shelby just slapped me....probs jealous of how beautiful i am
I think hate me :( but I didn't do anything
Got to drive a earlier today - Sweet Ride.
We're just lucky because we have such an easy target. She's like a gift from the cyber bullying gods. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Why do bands that make purposefully beautiful music wear purposefully ugly clothes? SHOULD BE IN BAROQUE BALLGOWNS
love the shirt!! You rock! Looks great on you and Yukon!
go love some tequila today.
14323: Your my sis and is always there for me you help me and look out for me your the sister I never had and so is Lizzy
Thanks for the
Haven't ate all day.. I can't wait to pig out with my mom sisters and brother #HappyMothersDay #Family <U+2764>
We've been warned. A guy called letting us know he's almost to Bud's and will be shopping in a black cloak with a cane. OK?
Good to know. He likes my yard.
#youaretooloudif you wake up your next door neighbor from yelling at your TV about crappy refs
Bout to go hard in the gym with my boy jesse
Yep - embarrassing. Clemson & UF r the only home games I will consider traveling to. At least Maryland & VT games r nearby
Can anybody recommend a place in/around #MKE that repairs Speedlight flash units? Specifically, LCD screen replacement.
He'd look good in left field for the Tigers RT : Okay, fine, Josh Hamilton. You're pretty good.
TAAP's favorite dinning spot of the week in the ABQ - Bob Burgers
u have fun this summer!
cant wait for that!
made me pay for a subordination BEFORE making sure they would approve the loan. Not making that mistake ever again.
Get yo bitch ass up Joel
O hell yes! With my parents in tow :)
Did you know that Halstead Property Development Marketing is the only development firm with a dedicated website? www.halsteadpdm.com
Hug someone today. Get ready for mad hugs at
keep it up ! Being aggressive so far in this physical game. Let's go Bulls!
loved the show Bobby!!!!
You know, I better check! She's probably done with Bon Iver, so maybe Gotye can't be far behind.
Here we come, its time for
Thanks for all the feedback!
I'm at my place
I have wisdom
Where are U? Veniero's on 342 E 11th St in Manhattan?
It's happening! Bachelorette Extravaganza in #neworleans !!!!!!!
NBA lockout over...
Can I Please get a foolow back.. :)
Standing Tall and Tattered
PTSD affects us as much as cancer, Cooper claims
A student on a scavenger hunt has to find a library book w/an interrobang in it. Got a title for her?
ALEX IS AMAZING! ALEX IS AMAZING!
I Like The Whole Expand/Collapse Thing Twitter Just Added....
Cant wait to go tothe pacer vs the heat game today too happy;-)
thomas played in montreal last night & apparently there was a riot. here in florida, i stayed up until 2am gchatting. sliding doors feeling!
- You Too ^______^
Santorum REALLY doesn't understand "moderation." MT Santorum says climate change not real, CO2 not a danger, b/c plants like CO2
Justin Has Real Talent !
Anyone else have a #CloseTalker in their office? Its like she can't keep her shelf-chest off of my shoulder.
Personal invitation to dc? Sorry i haven't been on twitter forever so I feel lost
Today I saw a homeless man give another homeless a dollar... You're never to poor to give!! Remember that!!
I saw a very pretty rainbow this morning on my way to work.
we now have sweet potato at #losangeles #orangecounty #costco so pop in and grab a bag (or 2 or 3)
follow me please ? That would make me SO beyond happy <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
My followers make me feel special. ;)
Please don't ever change.
Looking forward to tmrw's talk with 's Kevin Roderick at Kerckhoff for our supporters. Any q's you want me to pose to him?
I can't wait to see you either!!!
I just taught 10 private lessons in the past 2 days. I absolutely love my vocal students who keep me inspired... and busy!
aw thank u love! I rly appreciate anything u can do 2 help but I know times r tough so don't worry! Miss u & hope all is well w u
We cook off 60 lbs. and when its gone its gone......
Everybody please RT this and Follow to help stop bullying it is my dosomething.org accounts twitter. Please help and support. =D
yeah, he'd be a really great candidate, if he weren't the worst ever.
It's SquE-Z Sunday!!!!!! RT n ur automatically entered 2 win a free pack of SquE-Zs!!! Winner announced at 5pm pacific.
It may be invisible but trust is a very big and heavy thing.
Why did this guy come & remove his two parking tickets & then go back inside to drink lol
#scms12 Doane: infinity now located in scale, extension, networks not it classical perspective
I think so. Comes more naturally to some than others. I'm a Libra.
Movement storytimes: egg shakers, scarves, parachute, and lots of MUSIC. Let them burn off that energy!
Are you familiar with Operation: PARENT? They are an amazing local resource for Louisville and Oldham County families. Read more...
I remember the first wholesale order I ever got - it was for 15 pieces and I thought I was SO awesome.
and did an amazing job with Demo Day! Thanks for the support!
she's so mean to me
If everyone could say a quick prayer that doughtery's thumb is not broken that would be great!
how art thou
I'm an Eagles fan and I've seen him get tossed aside more than a few times.
Burgundy hair don't care
can't wait !!! See u later babe ! Popping bottles
aye just come over and knock i broke my phone ha
Maybe he needs to lay off the Hustler's? :-/
Have stds sense the classroom as a 3D space - physically calculate the surface area and vol - cool Math - be surround with your teaching.
man up niggy!!
Just left Hummel Park, it was a nice start to the day.
I love Dungeons and Dragons. I played mages almost exclusively. What do you play?
why? They're basically a monopoly, probably don't need marketing. Expenses are extremely low, which is great. Is that ur concern?
ACE FACTOR is back by popular demand at TONIGHT from 7:30-11pm!
I don't deal with stupid people well.
I mean brain trust :-)
Today in Invention History: Charles Hall patents inexpensive method for producing aluminum in 1889, bringing the metal into wide use
The forecast might call for rain, wind, and cold tomorrow, but we will have Alterra Coffee and O Olive Oil to sample!
The best relationship is when you can lay next to each other and just talk about everything and anything.
i would literally be perfect on impractical jokers.
Your avi is really pretty!
The Soft Hills play The Sunset 5/2 before heading to EU. Here's Bagel's on their new album and live show /
I mean do u think u kno me. Im a relative.
Dear squirrels frolicking on my roof: I'm workin' here! Knock it off, rodents!
me either
Today marks the beginning of my favorite time of year! Catchers and Pitchers report to Spring Training!!!
sucks for you
Weekend recap: Caps blew Game 7, Nats lose Ramos for the season, Harper clubs his own face & 2 base errors, Hrod blows save w a GrandSlam.
you know you miss office full of advice like: be more antisocial, then people won't notice anything but the fact you showed up
Campus is so quiet and peaceful at night during finals week.
RT Orlando you are sweaty and humid! Come by today and come play!! :)
you've gone too far, Good Sir!
congrats man, love watching you pitch.
Nope. Separate dates for May, June, September and October. We're skipping the "hot enough to fry an egg" months.
Karma is so beautiful in many ways c,:
I've got #NATITUDE! I'm bringing a broom to all 3 games to sweep these Phillies outta here!!!
I wont stop doing muzik 4 anything,this iz what makez me "INCRERDIBLE",dont u wish i was jus a regular guy?,then maybe u could have me! LOL
sweet potato black bean hash, eggs over-easy, avocado. Brunch at Chez Magirck.
Was up fagget ass bitch lol
.. I like this a lot!
hey Sierra would you mind answering a question for a band just starting out?
hum??? Thinking of my battleships while raping ur woman...u may want to rethink that...lmfao ;D
Got a blizzard coming... what are the best living room working?
Thank you #ClassicGirl #HouseOfBlues #Orlando You Fucking ROCK!!!! C U
Had a great time playing w/ Del Fuegos ! Saw someone from the venue taking pictures, any chance you could send us some of those?
RT Whoa, is our next Celebrity Guest at - June 7-24!
A2: It's always helpful to see well-styled rooms that may have a different perspective than our own. It boosts my creativity.
If you bought an ARVR shirt in the past post up fan pics! We'll add them to our page!
So Much Ado, So Little Nothing Ado It With...... ah screw it, this tweet makes no sense
Hey looks like Detroit is going back to the Joe even at 1... uh oh.
PUERTO RICO HERE I COME and anybody who i was cool with yall all know yall got my crib to come to when you want to vacation in Puerto Rico !
shillas simmons told me to follow you
I'm a fan of "delaying the inevitable."
please let us know when you 110% better. I pray its speedy and blessed in the name of Jesus
and def do look at those stats. Will be interesting to see how much it has changed now that tuition has jumped 147%
goodby #Sahara my first Las Vegas hotel…
That Nigel Tufnel is a decent strummer.
that's the same stuff they had at angelica's. you could probably make it yourself. mash it up. caught in a mash.
A big shout out to Justin Bieber for standing up for the many who live in silent pain.
Studio tomorrow ;)
It sure was mean of Ribery to set Pepe on fire there
It was. She's one of my favorites as it is. :D
Can you please give us more information on the type of error your getting? I can't find any problems w/ my version of opera 10.
dude u r my role model WINNING
Trying so hard to hold these tears back right now..
Either my newspaper didn't come or it disappeared in the hostas. I do not like the hostas.
Where are the #VolcanoGirl costumes???
enough, and it's impossible to have a conversation on here or really follow a discussion. except those goofy #s. i think i'm over it...
Man get outta here! Lol...
Eating my sisters ice cream in a corner, like a boss! :/
Just foiled a toddler's escape plan. Sorry kid.
"she needed to get her freak on."
Be blessed and very grateful for the day the lord made
um, yeah. Why not? Come here NOW! We're going to wicked willy's. It'll be really fun.
Eating fresh made gelato YUM!(: I LOVE being Italian lol #YEE<3
Ah! Love him!
Ugh, sometimes no Matter how hard I try. It's get treated the same way. Hoped it would upon up your eyes and heart for my feelings. It's ok.
Your welcome!
REMEMBER these 3 letters; R . K . B
Awesome! I wait to hear it from you every year!
you actually getting out at 3 or 4 is pretty good still have the rest of the day to do stuff
If you asked me how many times you've crossed my mind, i`d say once because you've never really left.
hey :D
Babe!!! I need my jacket!! Lol
Thnx to #dolce&gabana my aunt has discovered
Rain finally stopped. . .steak and lobster ready for grilling. . .yum!
why does our new neighbor think it's okay to knock on our door at 8am? that's the second time now.
imagine how cool would that be? Hurry up and come to the city where dreams are made of ;)
SNAPBACK AND TATTOOS
The customer tellin the cook how to cook!
Reminder it's not too late to register for "Bailando con Verizon" dance comp!. Choose your music & register today & Win! 402.706.6779
well i hope you get some! If you get VIP, you should tell i say hi. ;)
Step 3: Plan as a team. Define success, formalize effort, establish accountability.
to go straight to my sis surgery?! ha you a G huh?!
RT : amigos, , Pub Night:Speed Pitching is TONIGHT! FLF teams & #uwbpc12 are invited to the mix.
Stood in line earlier for 2+ hours to get the new ipad...i then left without getting it and bought 2 NOOK colors..so happy.
Happy Easter :)
I'm getting stalker phone calls at work
done your turn
lol is it coming unplugged?? I would like tape the charger inside the phone! Hillbilly charger :)
Chicago bands, hit me up for shows ;)
Thanks for the RT
The morning is starting off with a chill, but warm yourself up with a class, tea & cookies, all while sitting by the fireplace.
Clete Thomas ... You know there are no points for striking out, right? #comeon!
I forgot about them. What's that kids name? Deffs gonna jump in thur
I can't follow u :(
Don't miss your life <U+2764>
thanks pretty!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve you get even less than you settled for. ~ Maureen Dowd
clawing my eyes out
With that being said the Worst thing I have 2come out of Twitter & FB is all of the Open & Dry Snitch Ppl reveal personal stuff bout folk
Good morning Vinny!!!!
Let me know what you need?
Thanks Luis! Hope to see you Saturday! :) ^dr
Are dirt and grime making your black car look less like the Batmobile and more like a muddy off-road vehicle? Never fear. We're always here.
Dear mommies, bring the diaper bag IN so you aren't tempted to leave the 3 yr old in the CR while you go to the car.
You can do both. Our scholarship site has quick-fill scholarships and can match you with the sships you're most likely to win.
actually, not bad at all. Wish I saw this friday.
ok then would you possibly like to watch JB3DCE & have a picture viewing party f all your 1d pics?
I Got Over What Wuz Bothering Me.
How are you enjoying Celebrating North America's Steam Railways?
Oh cool! Will check it out. Thx for the connection tip.
How'd 127 Seconds do this past weekend?
Hey ! That's awesome! Where did you run into Ricky at?!
Thank you so much!
What a game
Woo! RT : Mad Men will be back March 25!
FOLLOW BACK
Thanks for RT Jessica. :) Have a good weekend.
Agree! I have students tell me these stories. Some teachers make calls during class. Sabotages the rest of us.
thanks for the #ff!
October 15th - opening for Dad at Gruene Hall!! Better get your tickets!!
You guys, Phoebe's brother wants to marry Debra Jo Rupp. In other news Monica works at a diner now.
I work at a media production company. We have a very nice client suite. It does not suck.
Actually FOUR games going on if you count the game at 5:30 on as well! :)
Greatest gift and gift baggie ever, thank you ! Oh and yes, first tweet goes to you.
I AM SO POPULAR ON THE INTERNET <3
Thanks bro
The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope. -Pierre T De Chardin
Taking on a hilarious play & 200 audience folk tonight, and 8 miles of mountains/fire/water/mud/tall walls/barbed wire tomorrow
I'm sick of this feeling I'm done
I agree. And so much money behind a soulless character concerns me a lot.
One of your favorite whats?
Wednesday is the day, the day I'll be in Rochester.
LOL Don't die! We need you. DM me your number. I'm coming over this weekend if you're free. You can teach me some editing
NOT IN THE MOOD -_-
i follow and enjoy both and often wonder: how does he decide what comes from and what comes from ?
Im so Sorry about Angle that makes me cry :( im like soo sad now!!
Real-Talk, I'd Rather Sit, Then Snitch Dawg, Cause Quick Jaws, Get A Nigga Smoked, Like Menthols.
The best leaders can stand in the middle of what may appear to others as a huge mass of confusion and creation and answer the question:...
Just discovered and followed - such a cool idea for a Twitter acct, and a great way to enjoy the bicentennial!
I'll send you a message.
Looking for a #PR #internship for the summer? Send your resume, cover letter and 3 writing samples to by April 13
Olé : Received a generic email. They meant to insert my name but instead of "Dear Melodie" it was "Dear Joaquin"
Finishing up neck labels.
Happy Birthday man! From another person that shares your birthday. May 13th for the win, hope it was a good one.
wish i could french-kiss your ass.
went kayacking.. very interesting experience that was...
Did my heart good to see > 100 #bananas4clt tweets this morning. Looks like got folks fired up at last night
Exercise, shop, work, then play. Productive day today.
Before Watchman panel
yes im in Miami right now relax some before I go
Its illegal to open mail that's not addressed to you. So, reading your child's texts should be punishable by law.
good catch, I'll let them know
thank you for the support
where is your jr lot spot?
Trivia | McDowell Co Native, Frank “Poncho” Sampedro is a member of Crazy Horse – best known for backing up and touring w Neil Young.
Waiting for a train at BWI. The Acela just whipped by; it was so fast I shouted. I've never felt more like a bumpkin.
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone hang up and tell them "sorry my phone had bad service just text me now"
If you can't afford to buy me something, make me something
Ha! Good luck with that one...
Worst. List. Ever.
same lol and why did u have 2 make it on Jun. 19th couldn't it be on my birthday Jun. 21st instead haha love ya! <3
Also, Uncle Ron doesn't appear to be dropping out yet, either.
WHAIQ trying to breakout....
. breakfast of champs. How many bouncers are still rocking it?
Near Morningside Park?Friend of mine was recently attacked-not even at night.She's fine,but spread the word to be careful, keep ur eyes open
Bronco's should give Brady Quinn a shot
Contemplating opening a bottle of Claret while I work on some editing...
> bought us mc Donald's!
Lmfaoo gota lay down the law down real quick
My pleasure!
You can rely on the old man's money. (2x)
''Driven'' the mixtape drops May 18th
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." Really appreciating these words by Goethe.
We need to tighten up
Red,#Yee.Subway,olive garden,Alex, San Antonio,Braces,puka necklace! I didnt say a name but He poped up in your head<3 its <U+2665>
"The great thing about science is, it's true whether or not you believe it."
Yea u ready about tht one
Do you prefer the Chippewa or Rochester location?
“: well I need this to happen ASAP, too exciting to wait for #FHBO”haha <3 our inside jk
Ok tweeps, what do you think of the place??
I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you.
Editorial, voiceover + on-camera appts today - does this mean I'm a #triplethreat auditioner? :)
New shoes new clothes all bought wit oldmoney
Zonies...learn how to park!
The inciting event...mailman delivers a letter to Curious George. Key Incident...Curious George spills ink on the letter.
no DONt DO IT .it will ruin ur LIFE FOREVER it don't matter If u do it once a week u get hooked
Sippin on Texas still up 1 time for #BIGMOE #SUC #DJSCREW #PIMPC AND ALL THE GREATS TO COME OUT OF TEXAS
Im ignoring you now.. so that means go away
I know the Gay Communities and Liberals wants The United States to Be All Gay, and Forcing Straight People to Accept your Behavoir!
thats awesome! Thursday might be fuller crowd, closer to the weekend it usually fills up but I've never been there so idk
i thought you were already married? ..... Who's funeral is it?
At the trade deadline I mentioned that bullpen work is what the #redsox needed. Really biting them now.. Bedard was NOT the answer
So I randomly woje up at like 1:30 and I couldnt go to sleep so I started watching random youtube vids.... Its 6 now I got like no sleep..
back at ya Puffin
Can't believe my mum is leaving me for a week. I'm going to die.
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
Well if i dont find a ride to the senior breakfast at least i can sleep in
I don't want too talk for the rest of the day turning my phone off be back tomorrow
Time to make some art about it...
Nervous about Adams offering ownership to Manning. But I think Manning's heart is with the Colts & their fans. Thats where he wants to work
is having a paperwork Monday. Even caregivers need to catch up on this fun stuff! www.3cpdx.com #FTW! #Chiropractic in
ePub coming at some point, but given the state of most publishers' files starting with PDF made sense
ill show u some more but not as cool
RT : Congressman will visit Station Casinos workers tomorrow at 10 am!
more trade value if he can play there?
Whenever we are awarded a new project, the entire office breaks out in Azonto Dance.
fact: Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand
Lol. It's never too late to mess things up, really! No special skills required, too...
tanning sesh on ball this weekend.
Love you Kobe! you da man ;)
Science Technology Visionary Ira Flatow Scheduled to Moderate Day One Keynote at Digital Health Summit at the 2012 International CES h...
Score! Feel the burn, Devils. 31-21.
Great working with
That practice just made me its bitch
Among my faves are Tina Fey, Michelle Williams, Glenn Close...Guys have been boring. Lots of mustaches though.
It's not like I'm going to die tomorrow though. hahahaha
Great swim workout in this morning. Striving for greatness on a daily basis
Actually, it is!
I knew I'd get the name wrong. He's so cute though!
What's up twitter back had big, job,so been workinn the 36 dayss no day off
Good Morning!
Isn't there some sort of cruelty law against forcing kids to watch Starship Troopers? =P
Happy Mother's Day, all! Let's hope the tweet I scheduled later for work about MOMMIE DEAREST makes people laugh, instead of something else.
On May 2nd's "Law & Order: Special Victim's Unit"...you can hear John Coltrane/Johnny Hartman..."My One & Only Love". Jazz Lives!
will be presenting at Pycon 2012!
I'd love to learn more about what you mean by "actively open"
Ugh I hate morning breath....
How did they know jeffery dahmer smoked?? They found butts behind his couch!
With four #Sweet16 games tonight, there's no reason not to visit us! Come grab a beer, some Buffalo Wings and #BounceWithUs!
Must admit; William July book: Why So Many Men Avoid Intimacy is questionairs #Makingmethink!!! It's a good thing tho..
Alright man.
I'll try to stop by a bit later to witness the magic. And maybe sample some delicious home brew.
I guess that cunt get an eatin'
So that wifi I WAS connected too was shitty as hell lol
Time is love, gotta run......
good point.
thank you. Happy Holidays
i can only love you when you undress
“: What time does Duke play?”--lmao F Dook
what happened on abdc that everyone is flipping out about?!
Its great man...a lot to learn and refresh...so far so good. #hollister can burn in hell. Hows teaching
I shall!!! Still in the makings but i think drinks on the Sat of memorial day weekend ... Miss you!!!!! xo
So tired but I can't sleep! Ughh.. HMU ! :) <3
Difference between escort and prostitute doesn't matter to visitors; locals may care. Know your audience, girls.
WHAT DID YOU GET ON THE EXAM?!
ha. Glad I'm not the only one
I'm boycotting any bar that hasn't had at least one stabbing.
Thanks for the mention!
Any song covers coming up soon?
Does Jen have a boyfriend? Saw voted Baltimore hottest single 2010. What about 2011?
That's my mom's birthday!!
Happy Birthday Hilary Duff I've wanted to pl0w y0u since "Lizzie". #thewayiseeit n0w you're old en0ugh to say rated "R" things during sex.
Congrats on that. You are maturing right in front of us.
#PeytonManning please come back home to TN!
lets go thursday night..
#ThatAnnoyingMoment When you slick giving somebody gum and the one person see you and be like can I have a piece . I be like -_-
'Lost in Translation' had a few moments...of that.
Wear Red & Black to show your support tomorrow.
bummer! Yeah I managed to snag 3days. Man this year is going to be insane!
Great opening segment on tonight about how employers are discriminating against people who haven't worked in a number of years.
I now on Google+ as well as twitter and Facebook
Just got off the phone with a woman named Skeeter. Not lying.
oh, you two! Brenda and I are going to Dylan's after school. Meet you there? (wha?!)
since Pierce has entered the game in the 4th qtr the Celtics have been outscored 7-0 and trail by 6 with 4 minutes.He doesnt have it tonight
welcome to Twitter. :)
come join me!
Is "big" a nice way of saying fat?
are you saying more changes are to come?
hey um beadle jets loss do you think they can still make the playoffs yeah go detroit lions panthers cam newton trick play
: Question for Boston fans - which hurt more 1978 or 2011?
I just got the summer concert schedule of today ~ I am beyond excited to see
I Cried When and broke up on
have a great first day!
Although i am world's biggest B's fan, last year it was profitable to bet against Tuuka here in Las Vegas. Not any more.
Hmm. Some decent marble-sized hail hitting out here in the n/w burbs
we are currently seeking out partners to help sponsor our 2011 Induction Ceremony on October 15! Interested? Let us know!
Most welcome. Interesting read.
: there's [announce import] x [closeness of relative] eqn, though…can't tell mom you're engaged on FB. ;P
I mean! If you put a video to "Fix Me," I'm gonna cry. Inevitable.
Put the finishing touches on my poster today. Be sure to stop by and check it out Thursday morning!
My new favorite boy name is Cashton thanks to -- future child's name.
Picking up a box of coffee for my 6 hour labor negotiations seminar. Not gonna share.
Westside of Chicago supports what a nigga got to do to get a feature?
RT Made #GalDemATalk a regular played tune at an all-white-house-music-playin-club! Hahaa! Di gyal dem...
Hittin the road this Friday! Stoked to bring our sound back to NorCal!!
Good to know u back and doing good!!! Da Bears!!!
You can't base the rest of your life on one desperate moment.
Interested in short films? Then you'll love #KC Moving Images Wednesday night from 7-8:30pm at Studio B
yo you free Sunday? We could listen to sum beats.
The only people not dressed up at gallettes right now #fuckit let's go Kentucky
Partway through day 1 at new job. I think I'm gonna love it here :)
Well deserved, I'm sure. Make sure you leave room on the mantel for more. :-)
Morn'in!
No I didn't just find the answered to this homework... THANK YOU GOD.
he's almost there :-)
I love you Alfedo
Quick & Professional locksmith you can trust, only $19 service call!
Is it Friday yet?
thx! my hse is 2 far from line, yet your website + all your peeps (called several times to verify) say my addy is go 4 service.
Congrats! It was great reading. I learned from the best (and saved $, too).
That's kind of how I felt when I read the lyrics to Pumped Up Kicks…
sleep on it ;)
for real for real that was sad cuz that little elf was the shit and they killed him what fing bullshit *with my sad face on*
RT : Microsoft has hired a choir to sing the tweets focused on the keynote. It is surreal. #CES Video link anyone?
yup just me and my mom - cue the horror movie music LOL jk I got my own room agaaiinnn! :)
I suggest you don't tell me what to do
im jealous of my parents for have such a awesome kid
we had a fantastic time tonight with out panelists and Bent Frequency! Thanks to the packed house, y'all are great!
Let us know about zine events in the area too, we can promote them on twitter & Facebook. (Happy International Zine Month, BTW)
"The Soul of Flies" from Spain starts at 9:30. Clever and fun.
It's always time for soup.
I know it's the holidays, but, your manager at T2 at JFK at 5pm is unfriendly, unprofessional & useless
Hmm, just learned a probably newbie trick - don't click on Twitter links to you from "people" you don't know. Spam!!
sexy thing cumulative here
RT : "That means half of those are ACTUALLY women" RT : 42 percent of gamers are now women
That's not really young..? :P
Home from work! Making food <3
More fantastic people to follow on #FF , , , , ,
the past may be gone forever,& whatever the future holds, our todays make the memories of tomorrow..
follow back??
I am a Layman takes me a little bit to grasp. Haha.
When it comes to light skinned girls they either fine as hell or ugly as fuck... No in
Be safe heading home floaty girly.
Hi Ma'am. I am well. And you? . . . I was just looking at a card from you the other day. :-) So good to hear from you.
Is Black Friday stressing you out?!? Come out and see us! Open till 7!
So excited to finally have the starlight video up (more coming soon!) and ready to get some radio airplay now so stay tuned =D
If one is creative, has a degree and also knows tips for opening a clothing boutique, then one can definitely succeed in this area
one was wearing red!
actually, out of spite to this 'mystery' #j202 TA, I will attempt to be as droll and boring as humanly possible
So excited to be watching and on right now discussing "Black v. Gay" and NC's Amendment One
Tried to type Twitter. Instead typed Titter. Perhaps I ought to go mimies.
bring the brooms out!
I think the Nook will work for libraries - it's the easy pdfs that are the big advantage for academics.
RT .. “ An #Aries will always go out of his or her way to cheer you up."” ....
it's all about who you know in the music world. (:
That's what I'm going to do - get myself a meat grinder. Then I can play around with different combos too.
Its not that I dont care what people think . . cause its hard not to. But when im with you there is no room for anyone in my mind but you.
So very true.
GO SHERLOCK HOLMES :D.
( congrats on having a daughter )
The Group Travel Leader is featuring a State Spotlight on Wisconsin in our May issue! Press releases and other info are welcome!
If you want to 'hop' down to The Shops today, we're open 9:30a-9pm (select merchants open earlier/later).
Black Coffee and Reason,
one key point, Kobe pays more behind the 3 pt. line..KObe has made double 3 pointers than MJ in his career
Follow Jonny 'MAC$$$' Mac on Twitter and Instagram...bout to hop off that immature fb shit
Go Tigers!
Riding the slide down is more fun the climbing the stairs up
Traveling 2 #Arizona this weekend 2 buy #mancave items. Contact me if u are selling i.e #beertaps or #beer signs or whatever!
Why is the fucking puck always at our end of the rink?
If I hear the non-word "trickeration" one more time this season, I'm gonna do some barferation.
I got a lesson in flood planning, as well as neighborhood organization at the WNA meeting today.
Thank you very much!
If u love someone tell them, because hearts are often broken with words that's are left unspoken. <3
Join me Baby J & Live! now till 4p at Cricket 2334 E Southcross & IH-37 to get great deals on the phones + Muve Music & KXTN Prizes
Glad this made in the countdown tonight!!! :D RT KRTY's Hot 9 at 9 ... # 9 "Kiss You Good Night" - Gloriana
It would be perverse and some denunciation of life itself if I gave that one thing that makes me happy away.
Great to see you working hard today. Excited to work with you guys!
What an INCREDIBLE night in class :) studios.
you* nice try brethren.
Great minds are thinking on the same wave length, I see. We shout #meet again soon for biz chat.
RT : "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." - Anatole France
bro 1st off happy born day-second any thoughts on Milwaukee's coach situation? If Skiles out-who's in?
oh gosh we're strange people... hahaha
normally I'm all in support for winning but f your team #teammiami needs you more
that word is just awko taco
Everyone please come and support Xavier T-Musgrove on his CD release party in L.A. at the BBQ Church 10/29/11
next time be more aggressive passive.
And that crooked smile of yours, it knocks me off my feet<3.
Had to head back home, no backup battery and no power cord... Hope I have a better end for this day
Video Of The Day!!!!!!: ESPN Michael Jordan Commercial -- It's Not Crazy, It's Sports #SportsBiz , Spotted by
Yeah that's not fair. They should get u ticket RT jealous of my bro and pops They get to go to the Bulls/Pacers game tonight.
Thank you for following welleducator.org
Get the wow factor with the natural beauty of Tigerwood Hardwood Flooring-Deep brownish orange with tiger like dark veins.
Let's get a read on the reaction to moving up three spots and landing the draft's best DT Fletcher Cox. What ya got?
Thankful at this hour for coffeebygeorge
u still open?
thank you so much!!
Obey the rules... and miss the fun- InSpotter mobile app
is waiting for the closing general session of #MWRC12 - listening to show off hits ASUS Transformer Prime
All beers have heads; only ours have brains'
how can i improve my signal in los angeles
thunderbolts and lightning, very very frightening cc
Slipped in the tub... Never shower alone lol
so tragic, stunned just stunned.
if you didn't live far away I would hang with you bro. Maybe go to sports bar shoot some pool and have a few drinks:)
I can see why some1 thought it MIGHT be catchy & fitting... but some1 else should have stopped the follow-thru
Thanks! Yes, it would be!
Home cooked meals are the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We agree with you 100%! Thanks for supporting
Wait what did I win? lol
how's your new job treating you?
nothing too much! i live in st.louis park right outside of uptown i live with my boyfriend and...i work all the time! you??
MT When #Mizzou left B12 Frank Martin discussed conf getting better & rid of whiners
nic e deal!!
Ha! You said it! RT good press for once!
So tired but so motivated... I have a feeling this is going to be a pass out on my comp. kind of night
I have an unbelievable and inexplicable craving for pizza goldfish. I think probably bc I can't have them
That really sucks this was the best winter ever!
“ Looking for that titanic love minus the me freezing to death part.....”
One of the awesome things about being a Yale Teacher Inst. fellow is the access to the Yale Library resources from home.
I get mad so easily now .
Some hair tips from Cosmo # hair
Seems odd working a tournament without my boys
Bucks look god
I need about 20 more shots...just get me to Nina E and Eagle Snake, please
Plenty job opportunities are being thrown at me
we heart you back! Thx for coming in!
Can't believe I'm saying it, but I think I'm at a bar cooler than the chug.
I meant lonely lmao
i fuckinn hate allergies :/
I miss your kisses.. JS
Need a great date place for the weekend? Check this out. tinyurl.com/4k2xpwp
just ate now im full watching
Thanks for the Follow and the RT and the mention. Looking forward to visiting #Arista at #TheCrosby by #Davidson on Saturday.
FYI the guy in the utilikilt at TEDxDetroit was my friend
I've heard putting wet cell phones in rice works to dry them. Guess it would have to be a pretty big dish of rice for the keyb.
omg ily<3!!! i love ur music and i love you<3 #omg!
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Thanks for the follow!!
I can't believe that headline was real?!?
Just had lunch @ Rudy's BBQ...I think they do have da worst bbq, really wasn't too good!!
Withdraw, deposit, withdraw, deposit...damn girl, I need additional funds.
Don't you worry! We'll send him off with a goodie bag you all. (Now, I can't control how much actually makes it there) :)
I don't know. When the games start click on you game and you can watch it add up. Then click another team and back to your and ...
thank you! :)
Used to work for back in the day. Great people. Amazing ice cream.
RT if u wish austin was your boyfriend :)
pay half price! Eatsnearme.com
Preparing new Untamed Adventure podcasts for upload. Links to follow shortly.
I don't being a mirror with me while walking lol
#YouWereCuteUntil your personality got in the way.
Why do some companies like Taco Bell get to use plastic bags when Fred Meyer has switched to paper?
what is "beantown"?
it would take quite the ROI to spend the money (incl. labor) to upgrade to this.
All my accidents are happy.
This is already obnoxious.
Blog: Ultimate LinkedIn Guide
hahahaXD yeah. I was like in shock. He has beautiful eyes...he's just beautiful period. How tall are you?
RT " Chapin shout out!!!!" Double shout-out!
": Why did the 4 babies get thrown out of the bar? Cause they're just 4 stupid fucking little babies. Shitty fucking babies."
God has a sense of humor, why else do we fart? I mean when you think about it that's shits funny...
We love hearing that! Thanks! RT : Thanks for the awesome customer service of !
I really thought you were going to show me something cool. Then you whipped out your Samsung.
hoard during the week and cleanup on the weekends...
drunk... again
Cumin is great in eggs!
"Born of necessity." Necessity gave birth to X.
I got a little gut I need to get rid of, gonna give this a try. I like the idea of more fruit/vegetables.
Jim Palmer's prancing around the warehouse wearing all three stockings we hung in the lobby. He only has two feet. Figure out the rest.
Indeed. Let's blog....
re saferides page - you say the map is on 'the next page' but ... no link! where's the boundaries map?
At the City Council meeting. On tonight's agenda: report on human rights commission, an update on SRO and report on McIntire Park east
pink hair + red sweater = total fashion faux pas? or occasionally acceptable?
Congrats! Enjoying already MT : Just woke up. Almost time for my first official day directing
so that doesnt make ME weird.
Weird question...but if you had a chance to get launched into space, would you go?
you need to come have some #goodtimes times with the saftners. Cant have a bonfire in the city tho
who are you again?
Ok, that was a joke. But seriously, I do want an Ipod.
Sure like the "old Twitter" interface better than the new. Am I just old fashioned?
text me when you're there!:)
It's Tuesday yo! We're having another round of #trivia this afternoon. Be sure to play for a chance to win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card. Holla!
Nasty storm here with egg size hail- headed downtown with a tornado warning- just as Blues take the ice-
I emailed but haven't heard anything back...
hm...where oh where to put the new shop?..any suggestions?
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already
Sat, May 7 @ 11am ASMAC Master Class at Valley College North Hollywood w/ the Emmy Award winning film and TV composer Bruce Broughton
Trying too sweet talk me and shit.
Of it without hesitation, and thats what makes you perfect.
Exactly. Some people are now waving away the bigger problem as fictional.
Wow, there are some amazing startups in this town. Impressive and inspiring.
Fact #2: don't talk to the football players when they're mad..they can be very rude at those moments
"I have a drug problem... They're expensive and hard to get." -Dan Hernandez just like my dad. Hahaha
mr. Bart for English!
Smoking and drinking and posting it on facebook.
Friday night, what's good?! How about some #FF'S? :)
Working 3:30 to close at the gresham station zumiez! Come see me.
thank you babe!
RT : Happy birthday vixen! Wishing you health, happiness & more success!
You got it! Soon enough.
what time you gonna be here?
I stopped trying at the anamorphic 4k DSLR book. Miss information makes my life in business and art much harder.
Same here. Zig is always very motivating!
Attorney tells that Calumet Farm was sold for "nearly" $36 million. Brad Kelley's group will continue thoroughbred operations there.
Taking 60 minutes to work with actual Civil War Data for This is the really fun stuff!
Love So strong. But you moved on.
If it wasn't all in caps, I don't know if I'd believe it.
I must smile ALL the time cause everyone is asking where my smile went. Lol...
I hope TCU goes down, Patterson is a dick.
BREAKING: Traffic backed up at I-94 and Miller Parkway. Unknown issue but witnesses report the delicious smell of bratwurst.
just got Bose noise canceling headphones for $75. I love craigslist and I love my new headphones.
Members: Downloaded the app for your #Smartphone yet? Download today to make sure you get most updated #AcademySummit news!
#Nationallabday is officially on board the Nat Geo Endeavour boat in the Galapagos taking part in #missionblue. More updates to come...
Lets put a fork in the garbage disposal!
EEK! Work in the morning..blahh.. night twitter
Berwick: "The problems we are facing in #Medicare are not that different form the problems of #healthcare in America overall"
no. Not really. Lol it would be expected.
is that a joke? institutionalized racism.
Golfing for the first time years. Good to be playing again.
Starbucks, AND mommy got me chicken penne. #goodday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
HELLO I AM SENDING A MESSAGE TO YOUR EMAIL
Co-opted by the religious right. Goldwater predicted this. He was right.
Cee Lo > Madonna
When did Aaron Rodgers get all adult-y?
poor Cassette... She threw up again. She's been crying. She's sleeping now.
At NAEA but not using the app? You should, it's awesome.
what up Ima email u some tracks this week bro let me know whats good on you cutting on one them
My witness today was better on cross, than direct; this happens a LOT...and can hurt credibility.
be back later
lol i wish they called it a lot of times in the past! it's patently ridiculous the BS screens with which he repeatedly gets away
In which my husband & i discuss his early-relationship courting habits in relation to pepe le peu. (And he denies every truth.)
It's ALWAYS my pleasure!!!! When I say my back ALWAYS has my back....that is an understatement. Thanks :)
I am.. lol
crazy how things change .
In this summer heat I'll make it hot and sweaty for you ;)
He look likes yep.
prayers to you
The Big Payback for invading for NO REASON! Oh sorry, yes, we built a bunch of bombs and shit.
Software vendors should take note of Adobe's Creative Cloud offering as cloud based software subscriptions are going to change the industry.
Do yourself the honor of listening to your body. It will know what you need every single time.
Tip: Remember that it is less expensive to have buffet-style meal.
The state gets to temporarily stop the previous ruling (that stops the previous anti-PPrule!) So square one, I believe.
25% of #NFL athletes who play three years or less will be bankrupt within one year after they stop playing. New revenue sources are key.
I feel like all my friends are drifting away from me even the ones I've been close to for years :\
The Whole "Go To A Show Thing" Isnt Exactly Happening... But If I Ever Get To And He Isnt Following Me Yet..(:
I started re-arranging all the furniture in the house at 6 p.m. on the night before I go out of town for a week. Like an idiot...
The fact that I'm noot at the beach <
What's the status? "Word in the street is just pledged $7,500 to WTA. ... ?? #UpTheAnte #WTAsummit #BringIt"
Yes, I agree. They got scared and jumped. Funny you mention Jim..he said that Richardson was nothing special , just average LOL!
God decided in advance to adopt us into his own family by bringing us to himself through Jesus Christ... - Ephesians 1:5
ha, classic. One of them was actually thinking that day!
Coconut popsicles are the key to my heart
Packing... what am I forgetting this time?
There's nothing like awakening amongst the cliffs on a beautiful cliff overlooking Monterey Bay. Peaceful and enriching!
I agree, I think he was wrong, with today being an example of why (sadly, hope I'm wrong)
Pulling a late night at the NFL Network...if you have any breaking news regarding the NFL...send it my way...
i will lose my $#*! in the best way possible when starts touring in the u.s. check him out people!
Finally decided on a name for my #b4byalsa punch: Dewey Decimator. We are going to drink A LOT while raising $$ 4
In DC; at work
got it!
Thank you to EVERYONE from #TheVoice for ruining it for the weat coast. Congrats, but next time, let us watch it to find out, not look here.
oh internet, you terrible fool.
He's a fan RT : Lately I feel like I'm livin' in Zoedelphia, Straussylvania, goin' wHolly Otter my Bein!
Will I see you at Anshe Chesed Fairmount Temple in Beachwood for Monday's forum?
Stuck between not caring at all and caring too much...
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. ~Dolly Parton
Humble yourself daily before The Lord and He will lift you up-James 4:10
Oh good, more rain!
#CodeTheChange: Addressing tech needs of
Home alone watching Freddy vs. Jason on a Friday night? Yep! The fabulous exciting life of a body piercer.
thanks for coming in! Hope you enjoy your scarf and Benne Wafer Cookies :)
Flo Rida does not make me think of Buicks. Buicks do not make me think of Flo Rida. Worst. Advertising. Campaign. Ever.
nothings on there
told me its time to take off my twitter training wheels. I'll take it as a compliment.
So sorry, Friends...my account has been hacked. I have reported it. Thanks for informing me.
Play the rodeos with Enrique Iglesias? if its possible can do it
small card room in SD called the Village Club.. Not the best poker room ever but the chef doesn't mess around.
I'm just glad that we got Louisville and Catlanta. Both favorable for us.
yes cuz we all have one and you can post pictures of patches on there haha
We're looking for people to take part in solution interviews. It's a social shopping tech we're working on.
sister line up at Earl b. turner
Not all float tanks are created equal. We take pride in our tanks and are closed once a week (Mondays) for thorough maintenance.
A gross situation, but a great article. Hear, hear, miss Xpert.
Thank you for having all the things I couldn't find at the !
congrats on big east player of the week! so deserving... you're kicking ass out there. lookin' forward to tomorrow vs seton!
He's going to steal some touches from Bess
I miss you as well sir....I think I still owe you a birthday drink. Soon?
Why let it bother me when it dont even bother you .
Absolutely! it's normal to neigh like a horse after sipping coffee w/ no cream or sugar. Right?
It's ridiculous! #OLTL was the best soap last year, no contest.
You treat Kobe like he's an old car w/ HIGH mileage. You have so much history w/ it, u won't let it go!
Osi and JR are like that married couple that fights all the time, but will stay together forever.
ask your fans for their opinions and input regarding your brand to boost engagement on your fan pages
anything with that much powdered sugar is good.
im learning not to judge a woman by the shit that she wears, therefore you shouldnt judge a nigga off the shit that yu hear.. J. Cole
Hey There!
shit really be to myself or as u can c wit my fam wer u be at mite have to cum c u one day I wnt to c twin da other day
I'm attracted to the worst people for me. I am my own terminator, sent back in time to ensure I'm never happy.
Thanks for the follows:
retainers? I always get nervous I'll forget them
Google's expansion of traffic maps to DC's non-highway roads is mostly useless - the roads are all red from 9-midnight. Well duh :-)
I was just remembering : "Dogma" was what got me into Commentaries in the first place and I always enjoy yours. Thank You.
thanks, still a few months to go, watch this space!
Hope my girl keep it trill and stay real when I'm not around cuz we all we got so hold it down
Downtown Providence is creating a strong arts & cultural mix. Am. Inst. Of Archs is Hosting symposium on 9/16-17. W.ppsri.org
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. ~ James Broughton
i hate it when people under-estimate me...
To Keep smiling, and one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
They tell you to your face that there this other kind of guy but really deep inside its just a fucking say goodbye.
ARE THEY REALLY GONNA RERELEASE TITANIC ...smh...I'm fronting I gonna go see again on LATER
I loved that car that #ParkerBrothers made for you I would like it if you posted some pictures of it.
Morning tweets! Getting ready to hit Wal-mart. Need to go early before it gets crowded. Have a good day all!
I leave monday or tuesday
amen, gotta keep it classy
I'm watching Monday Night Raw because I had a conversation with a ten year old over the weekend and I couldn't keep up.
Aidan Baggot now up for East, is 1-for-2 with a first inning single. just walked to put runners on 1st and 2nd in fifth.
@ mooney-big red game with rich exner and
not bad is that yyou?? lol
Watch paint dry or watch QPR - Aston Villa. Tough choice.
I Cried When You Told Me How You Felt About Me <3
why wats down n ms
We hardly sat down and ofcourse the 1st thing my wife grabs is...not my hand but a friggin' MENU! It figures.
going to see harry potter tonight!
I remember reading the liner notes on a Boston Album thinking, man they went through that many lightbulbs making this record? Yes they did
Want to wish a happy birthday to my little brother so proud of the man you've become and the struggles you've overcome. Love you
I really hate Outlook in all of its incarnations.
hahaha that's what joe said too ! i don't see it.. ;b
Did you share a smile today?
Oh man!! Hope everything was ok!RT : there was a threat of safety at school!
haven't had a chance to watch your new video reviews yet. What would you recommend as top iPad 3 case so far?
thank you boo ! :*
I'm glad Axford will be fresh tomorrow.
Thanks for the Saturday afternoon heart attack! Good comeback though
A year ago, I never would have guessed my life would be how it is now.
Lol I jus ain't EVER cookin for u again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> but ok
cool! don't forget to post it!
Please explain why women are so into shoes?
Hey man I just wanted to say one thing...testicles. that is all!
Had so much fun at SWATH premiere. Loved meeting some of you!.. Currently packing for Times Square. The hard action is almost wrapping :) Xo
On my way to talk to a journalism class about lib. funding in the tough economy. Hit me up if there's anything you want me to tell them.
I was parking the car + realized that I'm god at physical short cuts. But n (my) life I keep taking loops after loops :(:(
Cause I didn't want anyone to know!
I'm sorry, I don't want anybody else to feel this way. Oh can you tell I haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke?
Lunch Time! Pasta al' Amatriaciana: pancetta, onions, rosemary, garlic, chili pepper flakes, and crushed tomato in a spicy tomato sauce.
Go Christmas shopping AND help homeless children at the Barnes & Noble at 6100 N. May, a percentage of sales benefits Positive Tomorrows!
that is not pelik... at all
I learn in a classroom dependent on pencils, in which hardly anyone knows anything about pencils. ~ adapted from C Sagan
wow I just got mine done! Haha
You should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything thing you want and need <3
Now following #Network!
on *Monima* and its attempt to negotiate multiple revolutions: revolutions (like time) don't pass, they accumulate.
I love u back and u know demoni do to!
I think I'm sounding desperate on here telling ppl to follow me! Hahahahaha....so, just follow!
A casino at the Port of Rochester makes the most sense
Welcome new follower !
preach, precious.
hey, how many returners do we have? I'm away from my computer and can't remember
Excited to visit and this afternoon!
I believe that the Rockies Taco Special should apply if they lose by fewer than 3 runs.
New Flavors today: Cinna-Yum (cinnamon cake creamcheese buttercream) Strawberry Fields (Strawberry filled cake with strawberry creamcheese)
thx for much-needed laugh RT iPhone, thanks for autocorrecting "beeatch" to "beeeatch." That helps.
I wanna ride that
This #Brewers team is fun to watch. You can tell the players genuinely like each other.
Algebra homework<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Happy wastedplasteredobliverateddrunkenslammincrashin' day!
Erbdy luv a #Scandal,,,,Human Nature!
calling for "richer sense of what it means to document the data model" includes the programs that run against the model.
: actually In car deciding what to do &, where to do it .lonely miss my late partner in crime. Bff gone 5 years May 30th
anyone know of any graduate travel grants I can apply for to aid my travel to Australia for ANZCA 2012 conference in July?
indiana dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors in indiana, indianapolis dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors indianapolis dryvit repairs
Ex-best friends are the most dangerous people in your life. They know exactly what to do to completely break you down...
Yo Metta World Peace said all i gotta do is play basketball and remember my hood lol
nice work!
Great suggestions! Thank you, Makarlin.
nice talking with you!
Windshield v. Bug. Leaning toward windshield as my sleeper pick.
I would #kill for a window too. Feeling very boxed in lately....
Drive The Car of Your Dreams 4 "FREE" No CREDIT! No CASH! No Co-Signer! NO Kidding! www. freelambo.com enter password: coolride
Great seing you, albeit only briefly. Thanks again for hosting!
Sign up now for my Nov 9 Coptic Binding class at It's the perfect time to think about handmade gifts that'll knock off...
So tired..
**watching case 39**
lol, he lost 2 rounds on one scorecard, and 3 on the others. Doesn't sound like Cotto should have won.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day :)
love you to !
How the hell can a radio station play a Nirvana song and then follow it with a Hole song?
may I just demonstrate my love by saying to you, : "WOLFMAN'S GOT NARDS!"
City Gear has the Jordan socks, T- shirts, and B-Ball shorts in different colors and styles to go with the Jordans 12's from this past Sat!
Up and thinking what if Trayvon was my brother! Mane idk what iWould do!
The little babies and toddlers at the daycare are so stinkin cute!!!
i won tickets to the brew crew 2!! woo hoo!! cant wait for friday night PPAARRTTAAA
you willing to do radio interview with AP?
“People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.” <U+2015> #AbrahamLincoln #quote. Happy President's Day!
thank u for reminding me I will and yes I am making the YOLO sign!!!:)
No Smith no 3rd place finish & no Blackhawks. Hawks would have got SJ.
About to go walking with my mom
Who am I kidding, I'm bypassing Dementia and headed straight into Alzheimer's.
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
#SuperBowl Regis on the Pepsi Max commercial. OK not bad. Enough irony of the Coke Zero guy getting Pepsi Max. Seen it for years.
RT Stoked cuz i got some diet coke
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State.
Chance of storms later tho.
I can confirm that rumor! It's FRIDAY! TGIF M&M!
#MittRomney went to PREP school. Apparently that's where the privileged classes send their children, or so I've heard. I wouldn't know.
Today is your day! Share beauty and joy - it's your job. :)
i mean like, my braces, like, Niall looks adorable in them...
omg LUVIN YOUR NEW PROFILE PIC
Underprice and oversimplify
Reality check: Recession or no recession, the jobs will never come back. Sorry, it's up to you.
I just want that relationship where you can come over and we can watch movies all day and play video games.
Agreed. I don't know what it is about MCA's death that puts a lump in my throat.
Lord this man's body is glistening with sweat n it's so fucking gorgeous!!
thanks! Im trying. The 30 somethings have an advantage :)
Sigh...can I stop now? RT Going to try to give a little break...eventually.
Cream Soda is amazing. (:
New favorite beer: kasteel! Cherries w cherry juice!
South Brooklyn Pizza?
2 miles. 63. Found my copy of Drowning Pool's first album. Good LORD, Middle School Benjamin. Talk about terrible music.
Hi guys! How's your show doing?
RT From a soldier currently deployed in Afghanistan: "us gov can keep my money as long as they get us the fuck home"
Worship and prayer tonight @ NLC in the theater w 6:30. Lift up Jesus. Lay down life. Kill the devil
Teachers need to see examples of what works to be inspired.
Have a good dinner and don't forget to say a brocha and bench after your meal - Mr Jew 4 ...
Astoria Real Estate available call Brian at 917 7219181
I'm serious dood :(
awaiting pains of being pure at heart w a much needed shade break
“Tact is for people not witty enough to be sarcastic”
You had to throw out the Ravens kicker comment... too soon sir, too soon.
RT is My Brotha! is The Fam! to the peeps, don't worry bout why I'm not there! I'm there in spirit!
Everyone already knows I'm wearing a mask BEFORE I get into office.
Say NO to SOPA. It is a little head in the back and it doesn't have shoulders.
Why ignore Tim's rushing?He had highest single gm rush total for QB this season&if u project his avg. yd per start over 16 gm he's near 1000
good work, Having an awesome time at
Thank you :)
Gawd, remind me to not go out to McDonalds when I get the munchies. So much food...
my copy of 's reading machines arrived. now to scan it, ocr it and write a script to tell me what its about.
Esprit Park enjoys an abundance of nearby amenities that will complement any urban lifestyle. 7 yoga studios w/in 2 mi. & 6 gyms w/in 1.5!
my German shepherd literally looks like a straight up wolf
Where is my #motivation?
Makael is taking me back with the oscar mayer jingle lmao. I remember that commercial so well.
Thank YOU for sharing your work and stories of women in the field.
serious who just eats a chobani yogurt at wegmans? c'mon now!! eats some gosh darn meat you skinny b
you should put a #ShockCollar so he doesn't scream JOHNJAY before gets to 3.
Stop letting that sin, you know that "one little thing" hold you hostage. Jesus Christ can help you BREAK THROUGH!
sry i didn't answer computer is acting stupid
I'm still in the 49th state. I won't even mention the dirty word that is the snowless state you're currently in! :)
what plume? You downloaded it.
incredibly jealous.
I absolutely HATE Mondays! -.-
there is a swimming pool that has my name on it. :-)
Hopefully gonna work at monkey joe's.
Did you guess I just won the HALO: REACH world tournament? You're wrong!
Thank you for all your hard work today. It was a pleasure working with you!
Good MORNING friends!! Are you ready to totally dominate today?? Well, let's go out & DOMINATE Monday w #PMA & take no #NWA prisoners!
LIVING SINGLE on OXYGEN! Right now!!!!
for what nigga!?
OMG will Mondo WIN?!?!?
Michael Beasley of the Miami Heat checked into a rehab facility for depression related issues. Hopefully, he gets his stuff together.
Songwriters/artists, make sure you vote for congressman Howard Berman in CA! Keep him in congress! He fights 4 our rights to be paid fairly!
so, who wanna go see "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo
In San Juan County NM for a meeting to discuss how we can work together in disaster response
We fight through the hurt
": Make It Nasty, Make It Nasty"
Be a girl with a mind, a woman with attitude and a lady with class!
no prob. thanks for having me. I'm here to work.
FanMail?! What? I love this feeling <3
Spread the word! RT : DreamBikes accepts donations of new and used bicycles, bicycle parts and accessories
Well, that was legitimately disappointing :( Also, #ThankYou web browser for confirming I spelled "legitimately" & "disappointing" correctly
Hola! Thanks for following back and have a super weekend!
amen for work!
Rawr this girl thinks that when she wakes she will cry if 's videos r back
He always knows how to put a smile on my face <U+263A>
If it was Lawlers choice, #Raw would be sponsored by windowless vans and bags of candy.
I'm not from #Toronto but I love that city! Im honorarily
Congratulations ! Hopefully the new God of Fire Series B maduro will arrive before we see you tomorrow!
soon i will meet themi hope 1 day my dreams come true
Tell that to Mamma Cass. “: "When we die, no one remembers us for what we weighed. Our weight isn't etched into our headstones."
i wish i can have a cookie :( shame i don't have a mouth
Higgens is one of the best restaurants in town, hands down. I'm jealous.
I'm pretty sure every cop in NC is at the Greensboro Coliseum. You could probably rob a bank and get away with it today.
lol (firm) I moved to apartment looks great big smile on my face
in that case, this is my only healthy tradition
Double Header for L'Enfant this week. Tomorrow PIERRE wil be at L'Enfant again. Stay Hungry my friends!
Good Night :)
Leaving work early today and taking a road trip out to UW Madison to hear speak. Could not be more excited!
whoops kinda photo bombed! #sorrynotsorry lmao
ahh yeah so stop lying
Oh! Vera Farmiga's directorial debut opens this weekend: Higher Ground. Looks really good. She's always fun to watch too.
I found your bees. They're in Vancouver.
come play with us!!!!
Yes! Google+ is open to everyone with a Google account now. I'm joining as soon as I get near a computer!
Guys are lame ... except
Actually...ive had migraines 4 23 yrs & after I have an orgasm w/my hubby it actually helps a lil bit :-) Sorry 2 bust your
Your welcome nd yes I actually saw yuh perform last summer at tha Travis Porter concert at club 101
"Buyer & Seller - That's what makes a market. No Buyer - No Market / No Seller - No Market." - Maria Bartiromo, CNBC
if you don't eat poptarts your a #duck !
It isn't often that a movie impresses me enough to push it, especially Indies! But #GraveEncounters is definitely ace! Enjoy
Holla! Werk it out, Gurl. “: Let's welcome the fabulous to Twitter.”
Finally got my watch :)
On call all weekend. I hope its cloudy and rainy for you wanting a good weekend!
What you doing for lunch?
What made corn flakes great? Frosting. Find your frosting! b gr8 now
Exciting week for BLVD artists! at CMJ (tomorrow), Astrobrite & New Canyons at (Thursday)!
Thanks for the Snap love! Stay tuned, we've got stories you aren't gonna believe . . . --Glynn
ya it be swag he goes way hard he's a
with (the coolest person EVER!!!!) watching the Hangover and curling her hair.
Campaign cost under $30k, 's seeing more than $1M in potential sales.
i love the way the story unfolded
“I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.”
CCWA will be at GRCC "Business After Hours" tonight (5:30pm - 7pm) at The Torque Club, Richmond International Raceway.
It's hot today! Cool down with a #freeslurpee for #freeslurpeeday #7eleven at a near you!
Check out Cool alternative energy product.
So the Houston #Texans let M Williams go without even making an offer?
Watching Adele on Palladia.. Her 21 album will NEVER get old to me.
Yes!!!! up 4-1 on a 2rbi drive up the middle by :)
“: Good morning!” And good morning to you!
I wanna meet you. <U+2665>
Any word on ZVR?
omg jealous! (Send me a postcard to live vicariously?) Have fun! Bon voyage!
One Million For David Archuleta like your show in TV%^^ JJANG! great!
My boy just used the word "befriend." ;)
brazil asks for WAY too much. seriously,
RT : If you live near a bus stop, please help our passengers with disabilities and elderly bus riders by shoveling out the stop....
Awesome show last night with Ador at
Maryland's players look like supervillains
Fun Fact of the Day: Out of 20000 species of bees, only 4 make honey!
Friendship is one mind in two bodies. -Mencius
really? :) cool, why are u coming? Vacations?
Yo, Outlook 2011! What did I ever do to you to warrant the grief you're now giving me?
Please follow mee , i love you <3 :)
The December Newsletter is out!
T-shirt n my panties on just came on... ^__^
O_O Don't favorite that crap >.< I am determined to get Siwon xD lmao
Looking forward to a twitpic of some suitably red and worn out faces! Good Luck.
when are you gonna go to florida
that's balance.
Thanks to everyone for coming out to The Roux House last night! It was insane!
i wish i was going to a bonfire tonight
lol it was late figured you passed out.
I worked outside today too! So pretty!
Lol alright alright alright ;)
if you aren't going to respond to personal communications, be courteous enough not to send me garbage.
I like your book title. When is it coming out?
these dudes jus gave me the nickname MS.EVERYTHING cuz they think I do everything lol. This is entertaining.
I think ive been in love for awhile... Ever since I heard your voice<3 #Mahomie4Life :)
Hmm, listening to hold music for 25+ minutes is no bueno. Why can't I at least pick the soundtrack??
Hey! We're normally on the radio right now... Weird, right? Well you can still vote on our Hero of the Week poll on our Facebook page! Vote!
“A smart woman kisses but doesn't love, leaves before she is left and forgets before she is forgotten” <U+2015> Marilyn Monroe
that works lol. nice
i just think "it'll be iight" Shit @ Duh End of the Day I feel better thinkin Back on what i've said earlier that day. (: -Mugga
I just wanna ROCK!
Chilin on the stoop..
The lazy rule: Can`t reach what I dropped.. don`t need it.
I feel like Jerry Maguire today, I’m writing a mission statement.
do look at them lol
Right there with you RT : I can't tell if I need migraine meds or allergy meds. Oh #SleepingIn is so close yet so far.
Hip?!?! Hm RT As modulars get more hip, we'll see more in production.
Hi ATP! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
i know a lot about movies ask me about any movie....Jaws?...thats a great movie!
im getting fri night tickets for around $30 the 300 lvl at Nats stadium isnt nosebleeds there good seats
thankss so much! just tweet her saying i sent yu :)
I don't love money, but I like it a whole lot because it gives me options.
Anyone have some #WhenAustin's? Tweet me them and I'll tweet it and give you credit :)
RT : While working at your J-O-B, make time to EMBRACE & LIVE YOUR DREAM! It IS POSSIBLE!!
Hating on someone will get you nowhere in life
We can taste them already, can't wait!
Everytime I skip school my dad makes me clean<U+E421>
lol i had to read that like 5x to understand it... haha
Do I qualify for a FollowbACK?
A: <U+5E72><U+561B><U+53BB><U+FF1F>/gànmáqù/ What are you up to? B: <U+53BB><U+697C><U+4E0A><U+5F00><U+4F1A><U+3002>/qù lóushàng kaihuì/ I'm headed upstairs for a meeting.
Thanks for the follows friends. I follow back. !!
Yup I'm off here.. bouta crash I still feel like shit #anemia <<< fuc yu
This---------> RT : pigeons look like they're listening to dubstep when they are eating.
I will come get it when I get the car. I had thought I was going to get it back earlier this week, but they had issues.
of course!!!!!! I cant wait to get back trust me!!!
Don't understand
bring a small fan.... That's battery powered
Good (: I miss talking to you! How have you ben? (:
They should do the #RepubResponse first - like an opening act - so that Obama can just go in and kill.
you coming tonight?
could go to sleep but i need to see this thru
Slow Food Sunday....because "fast" was so five years ago!
Im getting dirty looks at church.
I'm curious why you sidestepped the larger issue of the cloud of cheating that hangs over these types of programs.
"You should be as systematic in audience development as you are in content creation." This is the goal of all our social media outlets.
O,should I follow Shakira?
At Chatham Manor today giving tours. It is one of the only places Presidents Washington, Jefferson & Lincoln have all been to. Here to 4:30
In part because of when/how Radcliffe-Brown & Malinowski came to & taught in the US & thereby impacted the theory narrative here.
IIRC, Brazil in particular has something like 150 options for racial identification on their census. We have....five? six?
Storm chasers game was fun:) got sunburned:P
Dark flight <3
Some athletes use Viagra as a performance-enhancing drug
I can tell that your a bitch xD
Is your life the one you have always dreamed of? Would you like to share that with the world? Contact us and lets have a conversation!
officially moved some serious power
You are so kind!!! Much love!!
Do you want your event listed on our calendar page? Send us an e-mail and give us all the details.
a lot of the ladies at my mom's nursing home personalized their's with fun bags to carry stuff around with them
Let me make this perfectly clear. It is rude to "blast" your customers, clients, subscribers. Think about it, call us to discuss.
Brady bunch theme song has amazing bass tone.
action is fast, furious and intense - 2 - 2 with 14 minutes left in the first OT
It's essential to make your calls to Senate leaders TODAY! If they don't hear from you, they think you don't exist...share your stories ASAP
Lord, forgive me.
This is Robs worse nightmare. Devils vs Rangers.
I told this waiter who goes to LSU that we're here for SECs...he says.."Whats that...I didn't know LSU is in the SEC" -_____-
good old Houston, Texas!
We all agree that Monsanto is the fucking devil but can we all agree to a boycott?
were at
Im now officially PROMOTING a hot new band called You would do well to check them out on facebook.com/theallways
seriously might be one of the prettiest renditions since Rita Coolidge.. Thanks and Merry Christmas!
Some people come into our lives, and even after they have left we still will always remember them because of the impact they made in us.
I received a spam DM from you-- you may want to change your password
Took the KU blinders off for a sec and was speaking purely as a basketball fan. Besides, KU still has to play tonight
Well, now I want ice cream - we should make an ice cream run tomorrow anyhow - to anywhere near Simmons!
Fuck it I'm leaving.
Sorry for my squeaky space bar
Yes! I loved it many years ago, but now can not get through the audiobook from Audible. Le sigh.
Just got the rest of the Chicago drawings from Erin. These cards are going to be awesome - I can't wait to print them!
Leadership should be more participative than directive, more enabling than performing. ~Mary D. Poole
"So what kind of ugly, pointless shit are we going to put on your body forever this time around?" - Matt Barnes' tattoo artist
ONE HOUR UNTIL TOUGH LOVE NEW ORLEANS!!!!!!
Go Erique! go!
words cant bring me down....
Communicate with #GOD, so he can show you yourself...instead of others showing you who they "think" you are.
britains got talent
I don't find screaming at the top of your lungs into mic talent...at all. It's stupid.
i find the outstart, taleo and successfactors acquisitions to be very interesting.
Nothing Tropicana about the Ray's dome. You can hear the echos. No buzz at all. Not like we have any either.
Gearing up for (pun intended) Need to buy a bike. Any suggestions on where to go?
Thank you new followers :)
Today is Friday and May the Fourth. Watch out for that #SuperMoon this weekend tweeters! Going to be a great weekend
I love to stay on top of news Heineken USA Appoints Darrell Johnson as Senior Director, Regional Marketing WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.--(BUSINESS
“I no longer want to postpone anything in life. That urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.” ~Ric Elias from TEDTalk
Power attendance 6756.
just threw it down on Kendrick Perkins. Dunk of the year hands down!
Relaxing by listening to Mozart and Pachelbel. Nice way to end the weekend and regroup for a new week.
must. get. a. in. science.
Haha, we like to think of ourselves more like the "People's car service"
Thanks for watching Sports Sunday!
Happy Easter!
I needa figure tha editin part for radio standards
your single is climbing up the top songs! its at 175 right now <3
At #cookbookconf thinking about adding video to KP. Perhaps a series of PR tips, monetization ideas, & other news coming from me. Thoughts?
Working on a presentation on Social Media Policies for next week's AMA Cause Marketing Conference - any burning questions I should address?
I take that back, it's only the 69th minute. Maybe if I stick around long enough I'll see a legitimate shot.
my condolences.
house full of kids tonight. should be entertaining. :)
Diggin the #SubtweetSunday by josh ripping apart his broder. #brotherlylove n'at
I'll go this weekend :) my sunglasses are there anyways
Thanks for the advice and input =)!
we got a head start on our summer.....pool parties, golf. Flyers will be there tomorrow
Scenesters, Beardos and Bears, oh my!
Wandering the streets of NY singing 's Beyond The Sea score and loving it.
well I really don't know him to say what's good and what's not but I think you just gotta do what you feel is best
But.. I don't want to go to work..
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her extraordinary!
Lol okay I will(:
LOLz RT good lord. one of my friends: "he's indian. dot."
Just whooped in fifa baby. #gus >
I don't know what to tell you Dan, I've met some real winners.
Politicians should where jackets like NASCAR drivers. That way we know who sponsors them.
First beer of the day. I know, a bit sad but I've been working at !
RT : after i eat all my froyo, i always taste salt... probably from my tears knowing its gone
Congrats to the and for beating a injured team y'all should have swept
Checking out and Ceramic Dog on the East River.
love ya, too, Gary. Why weren't we this close earlier? Oh, yeah....awesome hours. ;)
awww. Thank you so much. Sweet of u to say. I'm gonna check out your site when I get to a computer :)
Writing copy, I Googled "customer service teens" looking for idea-generators from retailers and got by multiple libraryland hits up top.
The best way to get someone to do something is to be subtle about it. Nobody likes being told what to do
Twitter's allowed. No blogging 'cos posts usually take me an hour to compose. Like Cinderella, I have to be in bed by midnight.
Oh your styles are 'So Sick!' are they?.... You know they got a shot for that down at the Free Clinic
#Wobegon and #Mildred are you out there?What's taking you so long??????????
Falling in love isn't as easy as love songs make it.
okay waltz the name
Well hot damn, it's opening night!! Everyone come see Bye Bye Birdie tonight at 7:30 in the SHS Auditorium. It's great, you won't regret it!
Today is going to be a good day because I'm gonna make it be a good day.
I thank God for being bi polar if not ill be depress everyday
If this is confirmed that the Saints GM DID have a box to listen to the visiting OC and DC does that put them on double secret probation?
Love you more.. Forever ;)
IM FLYING TO BOSTON IN LIKE 1 DAY!. omg, home of the Irish. ;)
Electricity could ignite the gas & kill you both. Try open scorn like, "Yo Farty McGee, save that for the loo"
Last time I saw him.. he kinda acted like a brat haha.... and he kept ignoring me... telling me he was busy.
And the bicoastal war continues...New York, you are wonderful! Miss everyone (and functional public transportation) already.
Deb Thank you very much and have an aweome day, time we educate our world about living healthy, what city are you in dear? Caio
Said band photo is above the men's room toilet. Angie and Justin tied for "weirdest face to give me while they watch me urinate"
Waiting in line for the polls to open. Make sure you exercise your right to vote today.
Took a much needed day off yesterday. It was nice. Now back to work.
at home chillin for now
ayo air head ho! I kno nicki use to be a rapper I said I use to be a fan of Fendi*cough cough*i meant nicki
The Fit Hit Bowl got its name for a reason – It’ll keep you fit and feeling satisfied. And that’s a hit in my book!
Yes, I am gamed for that!
If u ever loved spmebody Rt
Why can't a girl go out with her friends and not get creeped on?
Went to bed after midnight and have been awake since 430. How am I so chipper?!
What theme park kidnapps their kids? Kony island
Tonight, Gods presence was here in the house. ! Can't wait to receive more from on Sunday! I cried out to God tonight! (:
nah he left. My mom is going for dinner.
nice :) i love that
"If You Live Your Life Vicariously Through Others..You Don't Get Exhausted As Quick."
Excellent breakout session on the aromas of wine. We can never practice this stuff too much
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 10
Looking back over my October calendar has me exhausted. A calmer November is on the horizon.
Have a beautiful day people!!!! xoxo
And you are the 9 to my 6 :)
follow me?
HA!! Not if #LeBrick has anything to do with it.. #TheFrozenOne will choke once again and #OKC will hoist that NBA trophy
thx 4 being there Greg. Remember never bring a gun to an audition.
lol were all here
yes because I'm always taking my son to strip clubs and bars... Sorry, that won't come till much later ;)
Good Morning L2L Group! So excited to be with you today!
tried the new SBUX instant. Best instant ever, which is like saying best mud pie ever. Still mud. I'll continue to brew, thanks
I am all over that gnome with an iPad
She could have a Grammy, I still treat her like a nominee
feeling the same way, reason to celebrate?
Yep. After giving it up for Lent, it's like drinking "nectar of the gods"...
You know you have best friends when they all get in a circle to try and pop a pimple for you while you get ready for your guy.
missed you today on the View ! I cant handle that Elizabeth & Sherry ......
RT : Don't be an EXTRA in the movie called your life. Get #InTheGame !
": Don't forget to remember when you can't HE can!"
#dml2012 Rethinking designs for younger and older users.
Yeah that shit was crazy but it's still
Yeah good call. Too many fake parody accounts ah!!!
Fado Fado Fado!!! Every Friday and Saturday starting this weekend! Fado N'America.
GOT SUM KILLA DRO BOUT TO SMOKE SUM THANG BITCH...... S.A. TUHGS 3 OUT IN 2 WEEKS.....FADE DOGG BIG RODDY & DJ FELON
ATTN: We are ready for talent submits! Please submit photos, stats & resumes to - Let's get rolling boys & girls!
; your probally have like 200 mentions from me <3
that's his 2nd in 2 days
Ok it's way late... No more play here and no more work. New books to read and look over, ok it's still working a little. But don't tell, ok.
k.i.d.s lyfestyle
can't seem to catch up with u today. Went to the 711 missed you and now on the lawn. Where will you be next? We want to go!
Looks like you're doing the Aaron Rodgers TD dance.
when will he say yes ;/
Hey East Coasters.. it will be warm this weekend FINALLY! How will you spend your time in the sunshine?
,hi hunney how are you
Mother's Day brunch is filling up fast! Make your reservation ASAP! 410-332-1000
Scott Kaplan & &BR, & just killed a great work-out in the gym. Not bad for an Ironman & a kicker! :)
Good morning & thanks for the RTs:
If you don't have a mind of your own, your scared to be yourself.
It was ugly but a wins a win. Better effort needed Saturday against Illinois or it will be repeat of last years NCAA's.
In that shirt
so how do u explain dolly parton and othe great business women? r us sure u r a guru?
The only pick-up line you need when hitting on fat girls is "Do you suck dick? If not please don't waste my time.
We had an incredibly productive team meeting last night. Changes are coming soon, but most importantly: Great Art is coming your way!!! :)
you should be sleep
Don't sit there and try to hum a song if you don't know it.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> hi boys
Oh you got to see Iron Man2 Hulk Captain America and Thor before the Avengers.
We had bird flue, swine flue....what's the next animal that is going to give us something to freak out about???
You want to trust people who you hire to work on your home will do a good job. You simply can't. There are precautions you must always take
NICE! maybe I can go quickly and shave some time off.
off to the mall! time to shop and get my nails donee :)
RT : 101 marshmallows walk into a bar. Bartender says, "We don't serve marshmallows here." The marshmallows reply, "S'ok...
Nah cmon I can't be loosing you too...... /:
She ran for somebody light skinned
it's our first year missing it. :( are you going?
did everyone just suddenly love the little mermaid out of no where or?
Switched cars with my mother today, kinda missin lil g...piece of ish grew on me I guess...
Successfully cleaned turtle tank and filter today for 1st time since Nick wasn't here to do it. Thanks for the help
Well that hurt my feelings a little bit...
Was just asked if we wanted the smoking or non- section of a restaurant. It's been a while since I've heard that question.
You block me on YouTube,why?I've been one of your biggest fans,I share your videos and you block me?Whatever then..
Obama offers deeper cuts, appeals for budget deal
#fool I GOT THE BISCUITS FOEE YOU B*TCHHH! #insidejoke<U+E412>
right! First thing I thought when I read the headline!
I wish I lived in #BroadRipple. It is such a nice place to just walk around and relax.
RT : How many feel they would have different & more opportunities with help of mentor? #BA75chat (yes, absolutely)
That's all kinds of awesome. :)
// I'd like to DM you a question. Can you follow back?
You just missed Maria. She just got back to LA. Next time you see us, we should be parents (unless u come 4 churrasco).
i love you too !
Im freezing and too damn lazy to go get me a blanket.
Best Way to Escape from your problems is to Solve them …
I wish I was good at any video game I wanted to play
As one of Kobe's biggest fans ever, let's not forget MJ did it in the finals. This is round 1. Still impressive though.
Shiner Ruby Redbird is the shandy of the gods.
Fashion island has 3 maserati's just chillin on the mall. And then the cars in the valley out front are rediculous too. #whatthehell #cash$
Please let me know how you fit into that outfit at Tedx. That's the mystery that is driving me up a wall..
Happy Easter Sunday And May GOD Bless Each And Every One Of You Tweets!!!!!!!!!!!!
So this is really all the fault of some recalibrating lab tech named Ben. Funny how henever shows up.
anyone wanna come over and entertain me?
"Tess of the d'Urbervilles"
We have a couple things in the works for So Cal. We have had a lot of behind the scenes stuff going on. Good stuff!
Time is going by fast today. Why?
oh so it wasnt just me, I felt kind of special for a minute
The next time someone tells you they "don't get" Twitter and wonder what it's good for, show them this:
is doing there thing ! Hopefully meetings with them is soon to come
Good lord. RT : Created a drink - the "sotted hen". Equal parts bourbon and demi-glace mixed in a shaker. I cannot recommend.
I don't want him that bad.
Up early and ready for the...rain in San Diego??
I get nervous when I read a scope & sequence that has "right click", "enter a URL" and "Perform Boolean searches"
thanks. :) girl. I feel ANCIENT!
I can't judge someone else. I can only to help them when they ask for it...Call it a character flaw if you'd like! Lol!
check out
And today in 1787, the Constitutional Convention started to assemble in Philadelphia.
fender bender
oh shit I thought it was for loans. Lmao. Shows how much I pay attention
Congratulations! Global Ambassador for and Beverly's Full House on the Winfrey Network. ~ Solomon
follow me please...doin sum things...
can't play a record that I don't have. Hit my link and send it to me homie!
or maybe I am! :D she's so hot.
I want to win the Sail the Pacific with Bowmore giveaway on
Ready for #gameofthrones season 2 premiere tonight :)
Tierra del Sol Middle School (Lakeside) on lockdown due to gunman? ...
Hells yeah! Enjoy it! Drinks soon please?
Dear Georgia... I miss you & can't wait to come home ! I'll be there soon .
Mike, thank you so much for coming out! -Joey
Hey , plays tonight! 1030p, St. David's Bethel Hall. Show your face, Austin!
Why do bicycle riders expect us to give them an entire lane and yet they won't stop at stop signs or stoplights? I don't get it.
Don't worry, despite the drops Brandon Marshall is still a significantly better receiver.
Looking forward to expanding Art Pulse TV!!
Thanks for compliments on our website Nick! cheers
thanks for sharing your dj booth with us today
": Congrats to the #OKCThunder, they played a great series." Congrats to the Mavs on a horrible series #FTM!!!
Ready to talk dirty on ? Talking a look at Dirty Girl Run tomorrow on wish at 9am. You can run too!!
i know, it is dragging!!
Not penny's boat.
Learned something listening to the new -- lives in a world in which a fox decaying is "mundane."
#endpointsecurity RFI meeting is great. Loving
Boys with deep a voice<3,<3
I have felt it and lived it and now it leaves me here, love is the ultimate pain and joy, without it you die with it you perish.
Post-deadline, outcome unclear for Occupy Philly As the 5 p.m. deadline for Occupy Philly to vacate Dilworth Plaza came and went, several
tnx for the connection. nice to meet you - going to the #flipclass conference in Chicago? cc
Man. I hate musicals.
so much love to my Boston followers for helping me track down make up artists.... you folks are movers & shakers..
I wanna sleep but I have a lot of things to do by 12 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Just heard on the radio half of meat in the US is infected with MRSA! OMG! Thank god I am a vegetarian.
it got bad.
Listening to some Lady Gaga in the library and looking forward to the weekend!
Lmao RT : Metta world piece he don't respect the black charles barkley I don't respect him unless I give him camel clutch
working on table assignments for an event.
lol why thank you *takes a bow* I love you tew!!!
Congrats Gabbygail! Make some magic in the moonlight at Yale! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
One thing I know...the more creative you become, the more godly you become. ~Osho
Now you can wear your favorite OPI colors for up to 2 weeks! Not to mention this polish stays super shiny and doesn't chip.
Thank you all for your kind Retweets! Welcome my newest followers-glad you came along for the ride lol
Today's edition of baking ingredients that creep me out: evaporated milk. But, in the land of extreme Jell-o molding, it's a necessary evil!
10 J Phelps Sauvignon Blanc St Helena. Grassy, gravely nose. Tart on palate with green oak, citrus, tropicals. Bit sweet finish 86 pts
Right now we are offering 125 dollars off any glass replacement services.
awesome Stef! and I now made a twitter account because of how you looked at me when i said i didn't have one : ) thanks! : )
Lisa Robyn :)
Thanks for following us
We can take over monitoring on your current #alarm system. Call 877-760-2143 call for details
Night all
don't. People will stare. And I'll have to pretend like I don't know you.
So is anybody else obsessed with and 's music video 'Next 2 You' ?
My daughter is flying in from seeing her loser bf at least he'll make $ some day though. That's Important in a partner
17 days left on the countdown to woo who
Merry Christmas eve every1! I hope you have a lovely day with your families... Sending you love. What're your Christmas eve traditions?? <U+2665>
Had an interesting voicemail upon my return to work this morning. I have a feeling had something to do with this
Copper Roof Deli is my new ish...Forget MR.V's
hanging in the #archives today putting photos in polypropylene sleeves. quiet day.
can't wait for the donkey booty workout video....
Thank you.
Does he have a mgr or publicist or speech writer? Maybe he should've just waved and said "Thank You."
If you can dream it, we can create it!
my ticket for warped came in the mail today! sjdjskajjdjs
I just finished your book crush it... Loved it! Look forward to meeting you one day.
"Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else does and thinking something different." -- Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
you too! See you again soon!!
entire playoffs. Realistically 3 games.
I like how it turned out, though.
What's the difference between the pack man & a CEO of McDonalds? 1 is legal & 1 is illegal. They both sell poison that people fiend for.
Don't forget that the next League of Libations is Wed March 14, 6-8pm at #Buckinghams! The comp. beer is Shock Top Wheat IPA!
"it's so cute I just want to punch it"
"In order to think like one of these guys, you have to THINK like them."
My Favorite Highway.
Thanks to all the Divas who participated in Diva Night!
She is a unique woman, who deserves nothing but good. Always take care of her and her family and let her found happiness. Thank you Lord
I love waking up and freaking out that you're late for school and realizing its saturday
Gorgeous !!!! Wow. ": Nina in the house!! Cc THEY NEED HER OVER THERE!! Stunning!! #MetGala”
Genetic predisposition of hormonal levels can be inherited from either your mother’s or your father’s side of the family.
Spontaneous date drink at Ball and Biscuit!
If ur gonna b all in my grill at least say something!!!!!' girls are worse than guys sometimes
awww ok ok I understand now
why girl you leavening me alone :(
Surprises me to hear that they didn't like book coming from dissertation. Thought that was common for 1st book.
Shooting an ad campaign for a pretty known client these next few days! Let's go! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F> *hint*
italy has the rest of EU suporting it. Who do we have?
Alleluia pour Haiti!
Also I am not a fan of Marco Estrada
Can always count on this:) RT : #FF Nice, Sincere and Engaging! What more do you need?
Enjoyed Tough Sh*t immensely. Heard a family member might be a fan of Big Time Rush. You are all welcome to visit!
when did you get verified?! Lol I have missed a lot.
#goodkarma is our vote!
Sending a huge congrats to and the company of #LeapofFaith on broadway. You are all so damn talented!
Thanks to and the other organizers for a fantastic symposium
shawn and i got married two years ago today! i feel really lucky to have such a great hubby :)
I am sure you will turn heads!
Question of the day: if u eliminate sex from the relationship could u still date/love that person???
TMMK president Wil James named to Savoy magazine's 2012 100 Most Influential Blacks in Corporate America.
#GoodMorning we usually never miss what we have 'til we see someone else with it. Appreciate what you have while you have it.
Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first. Frederick Wilcox Tonight I'll risk much.
Haha. I now have a very vivid idea of what downtown Northhampton must be like.
one of my favorite things- I get to see all my friends!
it's a world where Fb & twitter are actually personally relevant. A large step in aesthetics and utility-but too late
I've been good way too long.
Stanescu: "We have no clue what the animal is... or what the human is." Take that, meat eaters. You are & are eating mysteries.
Wake up to my father screaming at my cat to find my rabbit. What is my life?
was just in a basketball game
let me know the time and I'm there!
I had some last night :/ sweet potato with blue cheese crumbles
Dances With Dogs
i was thinkin the same thing
omg you're a mess lol
My sister's family is wack. Except for the niece. She's a sweetie...
Girls who overly edit their photos, to the point they are un-recognizable in person. That shits sad. Who you trying to impress. Photoshop?
if you can't hang then there's the door.
Hello to our new followers and !
Ready for this year to be oveer
If you don't know what you are talking about, you just shouldn't talk. Just a hint, 82 games leads up to the five you actually watch.
fun fact: one of the composers featured in our january 27th concert, thomas pasatieri, composed several songs in the little mermaid movie.
Word? Wish they'd bring some good music to the Westside!
Thanks for your support, Jordan! We're thrilled to do anything we can to help our students.
. I opt out, but I've noticed the metal detectors have been roped off more often than not.
Note to self: focus on the joy of being finished and not the fleeting pleasure of putting it off. (via )
lmao Ikr imma tweet that pic I have of u when u first had her Dolly Parton
: And what do you mean by curate? To me curate means adding value/unexpected meaning
Keep laying those bricks and build a strong body of work.
Today is day one of getting everyones number.
RT : Bob Filner " I have not taken endorsement from anti LGBT organizations"
Demoing Sony Internet TV powered by Google TV on Intel Atom CE4100 processors!
I need that recipe for #sodiumfreejanuary!
You gonna get trippy next weekend then?
One dollar Chinese food. How could that be a bad idea?
Hear the latest on the Vikings player arrested after bday beating, Vikes Stadium & Blck Bear shot in St. Paul. That's @ 2:03 on WCCO Radio.
We are globla
thank you for your kind words. <3 :'(
Although I don't understand more than 3 words, I think Italian language sounds beautiful:-)
make the trip to Lexington tonite for the gig! Cheers!
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Congratulations to all of today's graduates! Now go and make some money for future donations to the Institute.
Simple eye exercises, regular check-ups and knowing what to ask your eye doctor can make a difference in your vision and eye health.
Sorry spam. But I'm not looking for my sexual match....
We just want to give a big thank you shout out to the Willamette Week Give!Guide for having us this year. Thank you so much!
It's cool. I understand. She has just as much right choose how they views Twitter.. She is still cool..=)
just watch he follows me when I'm w u and Nykole and u will see my breakdown
what a blessing uce ! Love you big dawg
RT : Damn..was just hanging out with the PBR rep..so glad he wasn't wearing a suit and tie...
you ain't about Shit cause YOU AIN'T SHIT HOE ! back up trick ass
working on series of eclectic mood boards for my knitted/felted objects, w/ lots of vibrating colors and soothing textures
even if they won't show it at the Belcourt, maybe they could do it The Basement...we could put on a Mats tribute.
#Party people where you at? #isitfridayyet?
How fortunate we are to be able to vote without fear, without violence, without death. Please exercise your rights today.
#cfadetroit Team is getting amped for State of the City Address later today.
Give your heart a break. -Demi Lovato
Doing laundry.
ughh he had school today so dont get to talk to him for a couple hours:/
That's a good question! He was tweetin' away for awhile there.
Great! Feel free to email me at or call 313.974.6894. I'd be happy to discuss ways to get you involved!
My condolences to Satan on the death of Kim Jong Il. I hope those two can get along.
Photo editing at a coffee shop and it's cold.
pretty pretty please, dont you ever ever feel like youre nothing, youre fucking perfect <3
Just got done teaching all the students are getting so well rounded!
wondering if anyone else is craving sushi, fresh fruit and tea.... let me know!
Guessing one run will go down as earned but will check with Kangas. Would be Brown's first earned run of season
RT : I believe the South Carolina-Georgia cancellation means Kentucky wins the SEC East. Gators can't do better than third.
"We make out of the quarrel with others rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry." - W.B. Yeats
Got tweet-raped by last night....but is it rape if I liked it? Hm......
eepp Born To Be Somebody is trending. Well its true is amazing and fantabulous in evry way he truly was Born To Be Somebody xo
Some people just agree to be workout buddies. Pfft. Amaturs. In my family, we spend 1.5 hours drawing up a contract.
It was so good meeting you! Hope you make it back home safely.
Does anyone have suggestions on quality Business Projector for a conference room? We are in the market for one and there are so many options
hey cheese addicts!! we are in the works of making a new flavor! can't reveal it yet-- but letting you know they are delicious!!!
Sorry for the unfollow my friends, but no follow back
15hrs will qualify you for this weeks $2500 freeroll, come on downa d get working on your hours =-)
it's romper weather and i want to wear a romper. But I can't.
does he even know.? A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Hit 4200 connections today and got the happy news that one of my coaching clients has a verbal job offer from one of my introductions!
yall this #megamillion has me buggin! seriously though, besides paying off all my bills, I wouldn't know what to do first!
You are at #minnebar? have you met my talented colleague ? She went to high school with me and Meet!
- seriously. I feel like Cordy at the dress shop, afraid of Xander looking down on her and making fun of her.
On my way to #missamerica! Tonight at 9 pm est. Largest scholarship program for women. $45m
Wearing white jeans garners so many more "good night miss"s
Thats whats up! RT Hey Hey!! Getting it done! How are you love?RT": Whats good my peeps?"
Have fun at the race this weekend. Be safe out there ma'am. :)
thank you for mentioning my new book Tiffany, Glad to be in your network, docprov
Palm Beach Moms! Be sure to check out CT Kids Inc. in Wellington if you haven't already! They have awesome kids clothes!
Great day. Got some practice in on the range, now it's time for a good workout and meal.
About time we went inside to Marc
u ready
RT At the cinema, about to Tangled. Hot dog, Nachos, Maltesers and Diet coke are all watching with us.
Do you think Orlando has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
RT : I mean Groupon is under investigation for "accounting irregularities", and congress wants more New Economy accounting?
ha, indeed.
The pick Riley Reiff.
Haha, not bad looking yourself man, you ever around?
Good day at work. Now some CrossFit.
whenever i read "what is love" i automatically think of that annoying song like "what is love? baby don't hurt me! don't hurt me.. no more!"
why not celebrate two days lol it comes once a year :)
RT No diet success today: 1590kcal consumed. Could exercise more by 923kcal to meet the plan. Losing about 4 3/4 oz daily.
o im 19 where ya from
SUCKS 2be on a Gluten Free diet when all you see is bagels, muffins w/ jelly, and croissants! Lmbo!!
where's the problem in that? Aren't all schools required to be above average these days? ;-)
Looking forward to having a good night with friends and celebrating Shaun and Taylor's Birthdays!
Still deeply saddened that won't be going to Disney with us tomorrow.
Best of both worlds.
trying to contact you, do have any time to talk to me about your work & Natural History Museums? Please?
:) Getting pretty good at it. Second try now.
New crab discovered by UK scientists has a "hairy chest"...now known as "The Hoff"..as in don't hassle the...Hoff.
You made everyone hate her but the joke's on you because the same thing you did to her I'm doing to you. Don't judge a book by it's cover :)
Before you judge someone, maybe you should find out what they have been thru.
After a long day, Free Fallin by Tom Petty on the walk home is the best cure
Dallas Cowboys Rule!
DAMN, THESE PRETZELS TASTE GOOD WITH GUACAMOLE DIP
lol he doesn't have any service!
We just sent out the prizes! What a good year at the Auto Show! Thank you everyone for coming out. See you next year!!!
Watching Madmen. I'm glad the pointy bra era is over. Also watching the Rockies. They haven't lost yet. And the Sonics are smoking LA
Wonder why I married him? RT : Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
you never said debo? like when someone would say something to someone like talking shit then everyone would be like ah DEBO!
Now mixing "Mon Plaisir" by Don Alias from the 4thcoming last Stone Alliance studio project w/Joe Locke, Randy Brecker, Edsel Gomez & others
Everyone should go follow ! He's new (:
Buying a pro hacky sack..... #wasteofmoney?
we recently sent you an email application for a sponsorship. We are wondering if you've reviewed it yet. :)
I really hate people with confusing names to spell and when u ask them how to spell it they do it fast. And when u ask again they go faster
Yooo we c u doin ya thing my nigga down here in the Southeast #VA #757 KEEP GRINDING
Wireless controller died...good thing we opted for the Gold Service, new unit arrived in 4 hours - minimal network downtime, everybody happy
hahahaha why do you talk like that?
Hey, tx4tf! All my kids had bili issues, but only one had a blanket. Almost needed transfusion. :( Hope all is well!
Yo I got thz urge to play ball like I used to...prob from watchin all this playoffs
Im all alone and its raining outside
In a meeting with learning how to use Twitter - perfect
If you want to keep customers, DON'T fuck them over.
superfine superfine
I feel special!!! :)
been meaning to ask... what does #KAT mean?
Berlin - Paris and tomorrow Pre Oscar Party in LA - life is good.
Happy Friday Everyone! What's in stock for the weekend in your life?
TODAY:15: Melissa McCormick, Harvard "Japan’s 12th Century Genji Scrolls" Minor 125 | Co-sponsored by East Asia Center and Art Dept.
Cheers to the freakin' 3-day weekend
see you soon for girls night out
Gotta call in for this Spanish hw . Ugh
Katy Perry?! Damn girl. RT Lana Del Rey all day.
faggot. im waiting
We are closed again today due to weather. Happy snow day!
totally a risk.
no midtown #BM2 from 5:50am until just now
when do the pics have to be in by?
I wanna do something for the UK game!
Dark Shadows was amazing. I may watch again in the theaters this week!
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
There's a DUDE (i.e., a man) singing "I Will Always Love You" at Crystal City Metro. He sounds just like #Whitney Houston! Impressive.
Off to spend even more time in the company of Wim Wenders.
Totally watching the Amanda Show!
I just wanna go on a riot..
I agree that it's taking too long to see change in our companies - we must keep the pressure up!
Ok maybe not right now. But I liked the lack of oppressive heat except during the very peak of summer.
I know. I haven't dated Air Force.
Today I learn all about local governments and their crazy records laws.
YOUR ON 98.3!!!! ahhaI just got 2 copies of your album(;
Definitely going to get my tan on. I am too pale.
Thinking about success
After a well deserved small break, Tin For Man is back in the studio, rehearsing and getting ready to record some more! Stay tuned!
Elvis looks buff
RT #np higher than I ever been <- NIKE!
:P call me whn u wake up den
It needs to stop raining.
ain't that the truth!
I turn on the TV and there's world peace knockin' someone out.
Getting burnt by the pool with my number one stunnas and
u kno how we do!!..just a lil some some lol
Open your eyes and see wtf is going on GEEZ
OMG the wanted on punk'd was so funny!! Tom was literally about to crry&nathan was just cussing&yelling!! tht was amzing i love the wanted!
Where do you live? I live in Illinois(: It would be the most amazing birthday present ever!(: My b-days the same day as Ari!
Happy Mothers Day to the best mommy in the world <3
missy I just asked the samething lmmfao she drunk!!!
The HUNTER V-DAY FAIR takes place THURSDAY, FEB. 17TH, from 11AM-6PM on Hunter West's 3rd floor! This year's spotlight is girls in Haiti
Has your patio been bombed by birds? Is it time to power wash your patio back to post war conditions? Give me a call I'm Able and Ready
#Celtics better defend against a 4-pointer. Go #Cavs!
Because Ben in their mind those ARE the enemies.
When did Snoop Dogg become an old school show?
Playing at the cove in Geneva tonight. Come hang out if your in the area!
I agree that competition makes systems better, but I was just happy about where is now.
I just finished a 3.39 mi run with a time of 30:46 with Nike+ GPS.
Practice - where's ?!!!
Would love to have some at #BabyBashBling!
Hahah, I knew it would come down to this.
oh yea lol, ill remember that little piece of info ;)
Our family drew names for the stockings, ran around Wal-Mart trying to hide from each other and fill it- and we are ready for Christmas!
aww why are you worried?
I have about 15 games I'm behind on. Whoops.
To my amazing followers, Why don't more girls ride motorcycles??!
Walmart, yes. Costco too.
joining in that debate will lead to madness sir.
Hello everybody! If you are an artist please join our opportunity. Have a lovely day! Forever promoting the artist.---Adamouski
Disney expands its kingdom with new resort, attractions - Boston Herald
is a cutie :)
Maroon 5... oh yeah!
RT Hey #Gleek catch G*Mania perform numbers from #Glee on 3 Sept AWESOME!
Thanks to all our Followers and Donators so far. Really appreciate all the love and support. Please check out our !
I'd kill to see right now.
Thanks so much for your kind words and support!!
dubious about this minggl thing...non-portable toolbar apps really have to show some muscle to make it...
Close your legs. Your snatch smells.
back to work
lol, that's a good problem for me to Have :) means u like them both!
Here's a #FF shoutout to some of our good followers!
R you Kidding ? EVERY boss I tried to work for spotted my Autism by their aversion & their discriminatory/retaliatory conduct
RT : Perfect day for a new song
Rollin on down to big G wiff
On a lighter note, the x factor is on
lol I'm watching drake&josh and I wonder if you still act that quirky and clumsy
I could say intercourse but if your doing it right your Fucking!
Is it just me, or does the functionality (or lack of ) of LinkedIn drive you crazy.
WHAT IS BEAUTY?ONLY SHE CAN DEFINE BY BEING TRUE TO HER SELF
you're so lucky! I don't have a break for another couple of months. :(
Once upon a time, why do you have to be so good?! I can't wait to see what Season 2 brings!
or amazing life of henrietta lacks- great bk abt blk wmn who was mistreated by hospital and how they made $ from her cells
We're officially in Kentucky on Kentucky derby day!
so many thingz on my mind ...dreams...doubts...regrets
Kaboom!!!! Coming Soon
Wow I'd rather not spend all day today in class.
yesterday was my Birthday I'm 14 now
At the heat game and my team Bulls will pull it off and burn the hheat.
It's been a long day and I'm glad it's almost over.
I would hahha she's not like that tho hahah thank god
Starting at 3:00: paycheck, bank, bong, bag, getting zooted with my friends.
absolutely reading in that voice.
Happy New Year's Austin hope it's the best one too (:
I love the #NBAPlayoffs <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
NBC keeps pulling out these age related facts and my only thought is "how is that a stat?"
Re: previous RT. Only people that follow both & see that tweet in their home feed because it began with a username
I cant make someone be cool with me shit I tried they seem unitrested so im done tryin
hi annecka; just tweeted Diana to SEE if SHe can tell us Why we have had no recent news on the new album and release date, would
That is irrelevant , you're ignorant either way.
Just looked at what today's workout from #MensHealth will entail. This is not going to be pretty. #YouWantMeToDoWhat???
Theo is upstairs screaming "I play Buddha Nemo!!"
Beastie Boys made it cool to be white...
Installed new #Flipboard for iPhone and loving it!
Just worshipping this morning with and
A frog is outside my window <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8>
Good question. But if Dr. had participatory plan in place, pt could already be prepared for the news.
as cute as a plunger without it's handle.
Woo hoo! Looks amazing!
In '12 cycle so far, Obama's largest contributor is Microsoft Corp. Goldman Sachs is 14th.
haha hate to be a bitch but i told you so
"How do you love someone without getting hurt?" <3
Finna try an sleep before I get hungry again
so could outside! MAYBE EVEN COLDER TOMM.
Just saw photos from the 5k race I ran yesterday. Pretty sure every plastic surgeon in MKE is awaiting my call.
<<< are nerds
How do you not block these ppl. U r a much better person than me. By RT u show how internet they r and cnt put up an argument
Most competitive premiums in the Brownstone Insurance market place.
Happy Birthday Siss :-)
:) Hope all is well!
He was in your Life for a reason, season & lifetime!
RT I am a bad person. A very bad person. Bad, bad, bad. This is why: www.bodyforwife.com/anonreferral.html ...brilliant.
Zac P just knocked half a beer on my crotch. Hey ladies.
Make sure to check out www.brandonholder.com and go to the FB link and "like" my page. Thanks for all of your support!-BH
Bills starting QB has a big day RT “: #Bills announce Vince Young will meet the media about 1 p.m. today.”
Also, --though not always accurate -- those end of the semester eval surveys reflect student attitudes & perceptions of ....
“ #LibraDisLikes - #Libras hate to be rushed or forced into making decisions.”TruStory
RT : To All Those Asking Who Did The Cover In My Avi, Heres The Man!!...
Having a convo w/ my 70 year old mom about POTUS & gay marriage. MOM: I don't know why people try to run other people's lives.
Hope is always available to us. When we feel defeated, we need only take a deep breath and say, "Yes," and hope will reappear.
Just booked on tonite @ 6pPT/9pET. Smart AND funny
So glad you could join us! Glad you enjoyed it!
not as cool as you!!!
RT : Damn. Rest In Peace MCA.
Does anyone have any good February Vacation plans?! :D
fun! What's your nest role?
People are #lame. They need to grow up! They run their mouth and spread lies but have to run to the cops when someone says something back!
should I bruh?
Just getting started so finding out how to play on twitter.
I didn't know there was an art to it!
Bostonians, r u going? CEO Elisabeth Mason among sharp social thinkers investor meeting tonite to spark dialog, share knowledge.
Don't you just love it when an entire book comes to you in a moment like that?
ok, don't worry I'll follow them both Niall ;) love you!
yeah, but noone really showed up. Peeps are busy. Not much going on today it seems.
completely agreed!
Shoot an email to us today to receive a FREE winner
tomorrow ends over a decade of postponement of getting my wisdom teeth removed. Not looking forward to this week
Only ones on a good date.
....do you want me to draw josh hutcherson for you?? :)
yesterday i found out on facebook my crush is now in a realtionship i mean i know i should be happy for him but im not
i would prefer a different color shirt
#evernoticed how serious a situation can get when your momma is thrown in?
. I want one immediately
#EBUS118 I use at my biz. We have 9 facebook pages and 2 twitter accounts. It's great to have them all in one spot.
Wordpress 3.0 is the newest version of wordpress. Make sure u backup before upgrading and also upgrade all your plugins.
damn i forgot i still have to iron
gotcha-- no problem!
Entrepreneurial spirit needed for SEO. Small business owners are more likely to use DIYS SEO techniques to improve their websites rankings
Winning votes with bribery through beads!
CONGRATS !! RT : kroger RT : where you work Dukes?
IT IS a verb in Spanish :)
Wow, I won big.
It's about time NYC has some "April Showers"!
Mac users <<<
I am totally going to start rapping just so I can call myself "H.R. Paperstacks". Thumbs up to throwing money and liquor on strippers!
Bright are the stars that shine dark is the sky I know this love of mine could never die and I love her <3
How is #GreatBoobs trending & I wasn't notified?? That's like great ass trending w/out Kim K #my boobs fuckin rock
how about tonight? Lol
I know :) lol You guys have prom today right?
thank you babe <3
Take it to the head..
LMFAO OMG! But the first picture you uploaded didn't work.
We will be Open Monday President's Day!
Gator don't play no shit, u feel me?!
talking about how "stoked" he is
Ill carry you home tonight
So close!
dead ass im going to Paris to see y'all show ..u need to meet u niggas b lol
Nice! Traveling...fun times :)
Big ups to for keeping it REAL.
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture In Buckhead
Had a twitter for a hot minute. just barely started following people tho. flattered to see how many people r curious about my life, hah
I think it's a good thing cos girls were saying they'd miss school/campout for days soo that's good. It's only 500 wristbands!
Dad: DROPS (DEAD)
Hey i thought wickett was the bad guy RT : #teamJohnnyAND THIS IS WHY EVERYONE LOVES WICKETT!!!
aww bestie!! You made me cry! (':
make them yourself!
This is my 5th shower today! :)
I'm going to make Khloe Kardashian sit on your face
A nice #CalvinKlien tux and charcoal grey stripped suit will soon be joining my collection.
With Hutch signing in TN and Gallery cut. Does that mean #Seahawks could make a play for Winston? And move Big James to LG?
So sleepy!
Loudoun citizen addresses LCPS Board and wonders why the FLES program is being cut - and the Board's economic mistake.
People still use Klout?
The Pacific Place Mexican food restaurant is called "Mexico, Cantina y Veracruz Cooking" 206-405-3400
score!! We will go undefeated
that's awesome! Thanks for posting!
Hows your day so far Austin? I have ISTEP its an Indiana state wide test for all schools... #SUCKS!!!
Jonesing for a good concert.
fireman Ed I think the jets should trade up and take a wr or Olb what you think
Things that make me go WTF?: grown ass men fully engaged reading People magazine.
Emergency vehicles rolling to a reported pedestrian struck on NE Glisan at I-205 NB.
Yes! I'll DM you the password to #CovertTU tonight!
We're waiting for a police briefing to release more information about the ongoing standoff here in Fond du Lac. Tweets with info to follow.
“: Totally jamming out to the Jonas Brothers. #nofucksgiven #nostalgia ”
Should be looking over his shoulder for a roster spot.
Therese nothing evil about Sarah paling she is one of the kindest and most wonderful person in the world
Found via 19th Century Masterfile: A true and minute account of the destruction of the #Bastille by Jean Jacques Calet, 1800
jihadi boards have become silent
do you have a show tonight? Me and were thinking of coming by and krumping it out for a little bit.
Pub. Now.
Waiting on Superman hits theaters tommorrow; this is a must see movie. Fenty is the silent hero in this documentary on education reform.
Ozzie totally could've used the excuse that he really said "I loathe Fidel Castro."
Following bacteriological investigation, appropriate antibiotical treatment needs to be prescribed. Painful ejaculation induced ...
Rick Bayless last night, John Besh tonight. I'm in foodie heaven.
Prosecutors say exhaustive investigation revealed no evidence that Escondido bomb-maker was terrorist or planned to harm anyone
Finally accepted the inevitability if a 4+ inch smartphone...my fingers are feeling stretched....
ha you can be the new spokesperson-model for
About to do so Hott digity snow boarding. Heck yes
This is true. RT : Journalism still matters.
Just saw #MissionImpossible. I give it a C+, definitely not worth the $20 IMAX tix.
RT : This runner is falling in love with yoga. Particularly
Sometimes it's good for stories to steep a little, anyway. :)
lmao ikr. I never dress right for the weather /:
RT : During halftime of the game, Fritzie and his MASCOT friends will take part in an Exhibition game! Come and cheer......
how's your #1000PushupChallenge coming along?
Hell yea! We will do it again soon
So jealous of all the Belieber that Justin have follow. Can someone help me to be follow by Bieber?
Sunny, thank you for the love you brought my way.
Love to shop the day after and nothing to return!
Just when FOX-TV switched over to the potential perfect game disaster struck! : It was 9-0. Its now 9-8.
RIP #JohnLennon -- we're still imagining with you.
Oh man I love it when my boss gets me lunch!
Break out the George Lindsey News Radio episode. RIP.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 8
Add Devil in a Blue Dress to the list of
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIS!
I know...just having an old fart kinda day.
That was me! Hope to see you soon. We open Friday...
At the spa getting a pedicure with my sister :]
I'm so use to loosing the people I care about and love. It's all I know so I guess that's why I am the way I am.
In consistency lies the victory!
&& sometimes it doesn't.
should have said perspective/comments! ;-)
College Basketball is all we really need. Does anybody even watch the pros?
That unexpected as nap I just had #Weak .... Gas Station run <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><U+2708>
NATO was formed in 1949, result of Washington Treaty of 1948. Direct result of soviet's taking over Europe
I've got slides. I'm mostly doing a revision of the previous landscape assignment, but expanding on it.
FOLLOW BACK : )
Hey - what's the policy on bringing (sealed) outside food into the stadium? Seeing conflicting answers online. Thx.
The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. ~ Charles DuBois
Me too.. what a passionate player. He sure inspired his teammates.
Love can tame even the wildest beast.
Um, Japan is so freaking AWESOME! Their loss...
thank u sir! I will. And I will respond to ur email Sunday! That's my next home day. Long story lol.
I miss Toonami
My girlfriend thinks I'm rude, disgusting, and embarrassing on facebook. Atleast now she'll have something to bond with my Mother about.
Fuck. I have that gay geography text tomorow.
are u single
Not telling anyone when something hurts because you don't want to sit down, but getting a serious injury later.
Good Morning bookies.!!!.
That'll change soon enough, no worries. :P
YES YES YES!
I'm a hotter Mrs. Wesley, and with less children.
nothing happened in vegas.
My phone corrected l into k.
you will cuzzo!
just think of the comfy bed and how nice it will feel crawling into the sheets and laying there
getting ready to call the most talented singer!
My best friend's dad has tons of old Haitian vinyl. I'm lobbying to become his son so I can inherit it.
It's a big change from what we're used to thinking... and a long process as well
RT : Colleagues at Class CNBC say Italy and France market watchdogs will announce short selling ban after market close. .
I know you need to sit down somewhere!!!
was one of my role models throughout high school!
Came true but underneath it all im just like you
Hello, What is it with the Congress Tea Party newbes, do they think GOP has Majority in the Senate, or they just Vote Dems.
RT : But Chuck knows all the hotdog vendors by 1st name tho #Inside (LMAO. No doubt)
hopefully me!
YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT TIME I GET OUT ON FRIDAY?
Traditionalist with baseball. I hate the DH.
can I please get a early birthday shoutout/follow? <3 u guys n it wud make my day! :)
as he should have been!
Stressful when people don't pay you money you lent them back
happy #FF it is so nice to share the twitterverse with you!
why does "bad" food tast so good?!
I thought AU was the only one with a Dog Track Baron...that was the straw-man argument for us paying Cam.
“: You are not defined by your failures you are refined by them.”
Dear WBAL, I don't know if Romney and Gingrich really tried to "finish each other's off" in the debate.
no, no, i didn't say I cry, i said i would make cry. oh, nevermind. tell how this works. sheesh.
Your way emotional u cant give up on emotions ...... But lmao at the peek from under rock
lol we're weird bitches I wouldn't want to either lmfao. Fucks wit it.
The Devil Wears Prada & We Came As Romans is two weeks from today!
Mirena I don't use that
I think you just found Tim Tebow's best landing spot, TK
my ovary hurts so much. :(
Come and chill with us at our March 18th show at the Shadow Lounge in Pittsburgh!!
Economics time! Let's learn about money!
agree w/ that (& not being critical), just seemed a few extra factors combined to make it extra meh, but it's par for the course
Don't have a lot of tax deductions? Consider supporting our charity this yr!
true true u and are the best merch guys I've ever met...and I've met a lot...
mornin how u been??
Texas holdem poker tables @ www.eproducts4less.biz BUY NOW!
How to use tech in tours but not interrupt experience? Good Q, and one we discussed during our Cleopatra exhibit.
now granddaddy why would you do such a thing lol ....
Check Out My Song Ima Young Reprezentative tryna make it!
Retweet if you think and are beyond adorable together!(: <3
Management is committed to playing in Oct. every single year, according to Sam Kennedy, but it is special to play in Oct.
Is the Power Y tank suppose to have removable cups? I bought one at your Clarendon location tonight and it didn't come with any!
Ron Artest is legitimately insane.
but isn't the before in forward motion and the after cocking back the arm...
An early clinical trial of a hepatitis C vaccine has shown "promising" results, according to researchers at Oxford University.
En route to Berkeley. Lutheran archives today.
woops... thanks for the follow!
#EsKaLiDiNgFollowMe you're amazing btw and attractive, ok, awkward.
loved it when i was a kid
heart-attack inducing! It's easier thanks to the new Vidpresso. I'm excited to try it with political debates & elections
So many thing done today. Happy. :)
#Green industry really starting to rally all over the country!
Even Serbs complain of UK's/monarchy controlled [lagging] technology. Never again will I complain of Internet drag in LA!
Just like Jesus RT : Enjoying this beautiful weather after a long day at work with my dogs, beer and worship music..
Couple speed bumps but we still rollin!
I feel the older we get the less fun the world becomes..
Whoa! Harsh. Where's the <3? Sorry to hear. Anything we can do to help?
#Fringe makes me feel things down there and up here <3
nice very nice ;-l
Welcome to twitter
Nobody believed in us last year, nobody believes in us this year. Lets do it again baby!
wonderful to connect with you! for any gov't contract needs feel free to contact us and we will be happy to assist
We'd argue that K-12 is outpacing Higher Ed in relevant tech integration & digital literacy.
RT : Are you a female business owner? In honor of #womensday,tell us your story in 140 char. and we’ll select some to retweet.
Aint nothin' but a gangster party
The Bolshoi Ballet is performing #SwanLake at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion. I'm sure it will be a stunning show.
Yahoo has a fantasy baseball app?! If i had known this before the season started, i would've joined 20 leagues.
Need to figure out who has stinkbreath and bust him asap. He's either on my right or left.
RT : ««a gorgeous mommy- thank u tif!!! :D
CBS News: Estimates Santorum as winner in Missouri non-binding primary.
so who's from NYC?I'm From Spanish Harlem and it's always nice to me someone from around the way.
Amen to girls' night out - I'm getting ready too!
#2010Disappointments lloyd cutting his beautiful hair off .
That awkward moment when your trashcan smells good
All my followers follow me at
Video tips would be awesome! You got the 5DMII? Nice! But leaving it in Charlotte, not so good ;)
Organic link traffic 80% - Paid traffic 20% - (PPC top ranking for a month is worth the same then SEO for a year but it needs 3 to 6 months)
Thank you to friends and long-time San Diego Fine Art Society supporters Pierre Huguet and Fei Zhou for your generous gift to Art Pulse!
yeah it was almost cancelled this year but the execs wanted to give the fans a proper ending
Haha seeing drama online is funny. If I were you I would stop hiding behind the screen and say "COME AT ME BRO!"
MP3s are lifeless in every way
• Congrats on your call-up, good luck in your start!
totally! Absolutely! Of course!
Go get it James! “: heading down to the Dome to chat with the NCAA South Regional teams. #myjobrules”
!!!!!! Lmfaooo. ": White people: "OMG I LOVE THIS SONG!" Black people: "OH HELL YEAH N*GGA THIS MY SHIT!""
I pay $200 and still can't watch the Knicks game???? #Linsanity #firstworldpains Switching to
For the first time in a long time,someone labeled me a freak because I can't be in the sun.
can I start sending these clips for the new vid now, I have to do one more clip with the glowsticks tonight when it's dark
Jean Rostand~ To be an adult is to be alone.
"collecting and preserving the Internet" -- this is the one I came for. Internet librarians FTW.
"Freedom lies in being bold." Robert Frost
I sleep just fine in Brooklyn
Perhaps it was more of a concern for others than myself ;)
People ask why I post so much random shit all the time I just like to keep y'all entertained #toomanythoughtstojustkeeptomyself ^canidothat?
yea especially considering what part of order he was facing
Red Sox longest game since 19 innings at CHW in final game before All-Star break in 2006...
- U have quite an intriguing 3-line bio. Definitely want to check out The Most Published Newspaper Article. Thx 4 following.
Oh snap. That hurt...just a little bit.
How much weight has Mr. Met gained?
Don't forget! Confirmation deposits for Summer 2012 programs are due Wednesday, January 18!
im sure ur tractor will be SEXY
Prom day prep.....much easier with a boy!
Thanks to Arnold's in Cincinnati for having us. We had a great gig!!! Back to Nashvegas in the morning.
whats with all the rumors of being dead?
RT : James Franco accepts job as head of NPR.
Reading the Thrift whitepaper. When discussing C++ threading implementations, "The biggest problem with ACE is that it is ACE." lol
not their first rodeo. and are going to be rock stars. They've been trained by a master.
thank you buddy. And Congrats to you on the new addition to your royal family!
- that was my thought too as I read the news.
That moment when you realize shes a complete
the fllor is covered w/ fuzz. the remnants of some wild #mascotmaking - a horse & a Kangaroo.
Highlight of my day: doing the announcing and music for the game at the Florence freedom stadium! Best part: get to do it again tomorrow! :)
its sarah the owner(:
Most definitely, one of my favorite ETC lunches when they came in and told it.
HELL TO THE YEAH!!! #BUCN BABY!!!!
Some sleep is much needed
thx for the shout out!
sadly no.
How old were you when you got your first tattoo?
thanks for spreading the love for us!
Thanks love. Ok, will do. Will email you this evening. When is your event
Broke night to babysit this shall be fun lol my hyper ass with my nephew ad niece <3
seeing all these comments about the pacific n ur performance makes me want 2 see the show but sadly i dont have the channel :(
North American Fighting Championship is brought to you by Gilbert Brown, Scott Joffe & Duke Roufus, Matchmaker Mike Carbajal. 414-967-7767
Birth Cannon Blowout
Oh, yes. I'm going to show this South Park episode to my class this summer.
yes, of course.
How is this cold coming back -.-
Sorry ladies...Prince William is engaged!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 \Clearwater Call NOW......
Former Rep. Brian Wallace in Superior Court today on charges he failed to report $6,300 in campaign cash in 2008
he is the bomb. Broncos better for having had him. Also my bff.
just be careful ok
The day is always great when I get to watch futbol!!!
My two favorite local spots.
And I ain't gon be able to watch
": Wanna cuddle?" Cuddling is fun
Insane!! D-Rose goes for a career low and we pull it out anyway?! 4-game lead w 7 to play, home court here we come!
IIE Heiskell Award for international partnership at #IIEBPC2012 for #Rwanda presidential scholars
i kind of laugh bc it was over not wanting to have staff meetings and coffee....::scratches head:: lol oh lord my life....
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know.
Thanks, Ry. I'm ready to experience my first full summer in Milwaukee! Let me know if you're ever in town! Let's catch up! :)
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 19
why?? you have 100 people on your blog! are you getting hate?
ROOT stinks... didn't white wash one of their cameras. Pink hue...
yep- next stop Billings MT
Annual 46th ACM Awards 2011: Amazing Winners, But Rihanna Fell Short - NewsTabulous.
It feels like I haven't been on here for 50 days cuz I was on Facebook so long....well an hour. But I missed u guys! (:
Totally in love with and #scandal!!!
sounds dangerous. She says while icing her knees.
There's two 11:11's in a day because everyone deserves a second chance to make things right if it goes wrong the first time<3
How was it? I've never been.
11 is still good. Picked up my backing fabric. Not as done as I thought,still need to sew the circle into the rest of the top!
RANDY IS SO LAME
r u there
And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters:
Eenie meenie miney moe, you are nothing but a hoe. You think you're cute, you think you're classy. Reality check: you're really trashy(:
That's what life needs ;) : You know what this game needs?
you're entitled to your opinion, but remember if it doesn't vibe with mine I'll just block you.
But w.e
Test drive the all new chevy volt at Gilbert Chevrolet and get a brand new ipod.
Off to bed work in the a.m. then two exams and. Deena's event at BWW, busy day!!!!
"We have lost our way" in terms of affordability, says Morrison
Lol I'm not starting nothing. Just checking on you.
And we've been using you for over 15 years!
your team has a problem if Tyson Chandler is ur team's enforcer right?
If music be the food of love, play on. --William Shakespeare
#CIL11 was fun but with widespread $ crunch, what about using tech to help libraries run more efficiently. Glaring omission or I am crazy?
Bummer. Good luck :)
Hi , lol im morgan <3 Hmu more text me ?
How would you feel if you killed an innocent duck, and let a vicious goose get away?
Mr medina is concluding that empathy is the major point computers never will have for student. They will never say "My student"
Was it the ticket thing or something else?
Facebook will have so much money after going public Palo Alto will be renamed Zuckerberg.
A ratchet is a fukn tool used to tightn bolts. Slang words done got so fukn stupid
A Time to Act Do not worry about whether or not the sun will rise. Be prepared to enjoy it.
When you have mastered information, you don't need to cite it. Or something.
J Lo knows good and well that she is not pushing a Fiat.
afternoon R Morning, great day
we are no longer charging screen set ups for standard screen printing orders. we do still charge screen set ups for all over prints though.
Gus is snoring.
I'm dying to see Wicked again
Tell him that crying really helps and to get a box of tissues.
TRUST ME MAN!
#Faith + #Desire + #Persistence =
you taught me great things over the years, like not to hot glue feathers to my fingernails anymore
much Love bro. Can i still see ur show somewhere
Happy to see Josh McRoberts make a splash with Lakers. He'll soon be a fan favorite. Probably start dating J-Lo or something.
Thanks, and ur welcome!
Fun, Fun. We are loaded with new dispatchers. They have no clue. :)
I miss
Okay I see. I thought you were talking major leagues. I agree. Minor leagues are a different business model.
Drunk way too much last night, that's it I quit drinking...
After helping a neighbor who had a seizure of some kind off the floor yesterday, I almost had a heart attack. I hope it won't happen again!
literally cannot wait for the draft
I hate the end of the school year because everything's fricken psycho and there's so many tests and too much homework!
i love your hair!
Not surprising one Ginger wants to breed with another. Why would you want someone with a soul always rubbing it in that you don't have one?
lol sorry I just saw this!
If you're not following , you should be - funny guy, very original. If you are following him, tell him how to spell "Geordi".
We comin back Thursday despite the trouble we had last Thursday. So please stay with us as we're working to bring u the best Indie music.
p.s. ridiculous games this weekend! Clippers come back last night, unreal! And KD's game winner against the Mavs.. I miss the Sonics
RT: before you played it, you knew my hand
"whats another word for fact" lists like 4 different words "element..i like it because it reminds me of my skateboading days"
thanks for the follow! There's sure to be talk on citizen diplomacy tomorrow during #futureofpd. What hashtag should we use to tag?
Yes, President's budget rejected 99 to 0.
wat u want?
drive on up to Columbus. My wife and I will take care of you. ;-)
Drinking a nice barleywine from at Another great day at #sxsw film Fest.
#FF optimistic people who encourage others
Let's hope it doesn't rain-- Student Activities Fair today! Stop by-- we would love to meet/see you!
yep, we will! Send a DM?
I strive for the things out of reach.
thanks bro
Language is important. So is having fun.
haha. I wore it for 18 months. Btw I find you highly entertaining <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Today in Literary History: On April 21, 1816 Charlotte Bronte (author of JANE EYRE) was born in Yorkshire, England.
Don't knock it 'til you try it. It's satisfying!
I love my #truefans... got love for the
Mayweathers KIDS LOOK SWAG<U+E402>
I wish I hadn't... then I could watch them all in a row!
Smart Move!!... those idiots ignorant brothers have to watch and weigh what's been going on.. they stupid!!
Don't leave your career up to chance. You need a plan. -
Fun meeting with of Love the #WordPress sites they design. Very cool and original!
Ive let so much out today.. So many tears and confesses.
OMG that was close way to hang on BIg Red
I want you to be my 1000 friend on Facebook! Will ya?!?
I think i will officially be banned from certain people's cars.
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing mothers out there!
Today: hurry up, go nowhere ... fast!
Do you think it's fair for me to make a Bucket List for my heirs to complete before they get any money? I think that would be fun to watch.
Our prayers are with all of you in southern Illinois and in Missouri hit with storms and tornadoes.
yes, but don't blame Twitter for any hangovers!
For the hyphenate filmmakers (writer, director, producer, etc.)- What's your favorite part of the process? I think I'd have to say writing.
Killer combo indeed! RT : Hard to beat a half smoke before seeing perform !
everybody just take it easy
the 24 day challenge! :)
Just love tapped a stranger. Had to exchange info.
I'm an equal opportunity tweeter. You'll get tweets if you want them or not.
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
Sad to hear about The Monkees Davy Jones. RIP, we'll miss you.
Me 2 babies, me 2 #natlholiday “: I wish we could lay in bed watching the Wonderland Murders all day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>”
Staying focused and motivated
Trust issues!
Can anyone send me a google+ invite? ()
hahaha since yesterday when I figured improbably should start caring about school #minusenglish<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Spent my afternoon w/Julianne Moore,Tina Fey,Billy Crudup&Grace Gummer seeing & Dalton's shows!My friends/family are famous!
": Filmed my cover this weekend. Let you know when I'm going to post it :) I'm very excited" horay uhu cant wait to see n hear
Damn man why the hell Girardy wanna put Granderson in 6th if he had success against left handed last year.
Talking about a "Love Pill" on #NBC15 right now. Not sure if it's the 9th potion, or if it was mixed up in the kitchen sink.
Glory Be! If it isn't Cowlapalooza Wednesday already! Double Points from 8-11 and Mama's Meatloaf and mashed! Giddy Up!
When we have meaningful conversation it activates our attachment circuits and makes us ripe for wiring.
Industry beer tasting and now dinner at Publican. My life is so hard.
big week for
interesting. I wonder if it is the chest strap or the watch itself?
i remember when Michael Rappaport used to just act in movies. now he directs them too. talk about growth, man. forward motion, always.
My Month O' May just became jam-packed.
LOTUS PLAZA = SIDE PROJECT OF GUITARIST FROM DEERHUNTER $10 TONIGHT
Nike should have spent less money on fluorescent yellow and more on spikes that can grip the turf. The Ducks can hardly stand.
Ok now im #sleepy! good night!!
lmao im good
Excited for Best of the Best tonight @ 7PM @ Curb Event Center w/ , gonna be an awesome show!!!
why so late??
So the economy tanks and it's all Obama's fault. The economy begins to recover but Obama's deserves no credit. Nothing like honesty!
How about when the font for reviewer's name is 1/100th the size the review?
just saw ur tweet about the CDs thanks again for passing them out for us
thank you for the tweet, it helps!
Cool! Thanks for the tip. It's on my summer to-do list.
o ok sleep tight
I'm on the hunt for a VP of Bankruptcy, Foreclosure & Default. Mtg Industry - Dallas TX. Send resume to
I love Norfolk & Norwich! I have a poster of Norwich over my bed :)
Who are u
R.I.P Donna Summer:(
#IntDesignerChat For us, we use who gives us the best service. We know how to spec great lights, we need reps who work hard until its built
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked i miss you.
Haha! I've already chosen one. Heartbreak Station - Cinderella <U+E405>
Oh no. I only have two more episodes.. Dont tell me that..
That's my favorite part of the picture! :)
Sunday night's annual fund raising gala was a huge success. Next year's gala: May 5. Let me know if u want an invitation sent.
You should never agree to surrender your dreams
sounds like a great trip you have planned! Check out www.tripwolf.com for some local tips, recommendations & ideas! Happy Travels!
Thanks Steve for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
That'd be attractive.
“: Watching Ohio U and Toledo on OhioSports station !” you mean #STO Sports Time Ohio - Go Bobcats
You'll also see more costume jewelry worn
the conflict between going outside and watching this knicks game is resolved by watching with windows open
Tired of waiting for my TIME!
okay you are honestly the most adorable human being ever i just thought i'd throw that out there :)
it will happened when the time is right...
should tell U - been taking kids outside on the land for years, but was too selfish 2 film until recently
just got home hbu?
TRX Team in Florida today and TRX Rip in Madison tomorrow! Still need to unpack from Australia! Woof!
that is JUST what we needed to #themuppets are on the holiday schedule now! cc:
I'm even out of pretend work...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
But is it really a no-hitter if it's against the Twins?
i think about it a lot. I write small cast pieces all the time. My new one is a small cast interior show.
When are you coming back into the line-up??
A bad workman always blames his tools.
Lunch Special: Steak Wrap: flank steak, pepper jack, avocado, red onion, cilantro and chipotle mayo. $11.95
I've Been Bless, What About You ?:)
Trust me, nutin' going to happen, I already have a date to homecoming :)
My dog wanted to play & went after my nuts. Defended myself with a karate chop but missed and hit myself in the balls! Dog’s laughing at me.
A benefit of social networking in online learning is "putting a face to a name," which encourages genuine interactions. -Jason Steele,
oh hush i gt cheery after we ws tlkin bout
My pleasure, and thank you too!
.. if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams,tries to live the life he has imagined,he will find unexpected success-Thoreau
Watch out for the footlong hot dog - it's a somewhat embarrassing entree when it gets to the table!
ha ha!! “: If you stay up late working on a case, you WILL order Chinese food and drink beer. #ThingsIlearnedfrommovies”
I'm not perfect... But I try to treat people with respect and dignity...
Seeking #Sales leaders in #Detroit #Philadelphia #NYC #Stamford #Connecticut and #Milford CT. Email resumes to
How do you apply for that contest?
Not covered in the new federal marijuana policy: Eyeballing shit, fronts, or hand-to-hands.
Are you always a bitch?
if Peyton ever comes to chicago again you should come to so we can meet you :)
omgg so there is rumored to be a song titled Allison on the boys next album. MY NAME IS ALLISON :D omgg
Am I the only one who thinks the computer vs. human on #Jeopardy can't possibly be fair?
RT : In Tokyo there are Cat Cafes Where you can go and pet different kinds of cats at an hourly fee.
word, espec if by "not often" you mean "EVER"
Album release December 7th! get it at www.stereokiller.com/brothersfighting or locally at
of course! As a soon to be LIS grad who does not work in a traditional library setting I found your post refreshing.
good. Yours?
So who's got an #m1gs video feed from a drone?
RT : Little late but congrats to Lucy Van Dalen on winning the NCAA natl championship in the mile. Great individual achievement
yes please, me too! :)
Working with good people makes all the difference. Practicing in McLean today
can't
I Never Know These Yankee Trivia Questions
yeah but its not just about EPL is it? For all their big club status UTD fall short in winning the trophy w/the big ears
so many gir3ls dressed like sluts. why?
hello asa may you please follow me buddy you are cool and i love your acting
The smell of aquanet reminds me of theater. It makes me so happy.
I'm about too go see
I remember the exact moment I was no longer impressed.
Barely slept, now I'm up finishing a brief primer on George Clinton. I guess there are worse things I could be doing on two hours sleep.
My bed Not Letting me get up and Leave Lol
I hate that you have listen to garbage at a concert till the reason you spent money comes on.
i keep seeing web hits running safari on windows. i didn't think it was real, and then i looked it up. who knew?
oh yeah, baby! How's it Humby???
People on the bike tour said it was hard on their legs. Thanks to your "boom boom kat" workout plan I didn't have that problem
it's awesome!! Thanks for sharing! Functionality is awesome. Props to the Dev's! And I like the ESB lighting colors!
MT : #Deepseachallenge sub coming up rapidly Octopus helo orbiting abve filming supposedly shoots to surface like breaching whale
Baylor Bears ! I smell an upset?
#mlanet12 RT : On clear days, flying out of Seattle, you see four volcanoes. Thank you, dreamers, for inventing human wings.
. & O'Gorman: why star Hollywood actors in films only an elite technical audience would see? Prestige? Comp. w/ Navy?
RT : Now that we all agree contraception is a bad idea, let's take a harder look at electricity and soap.
Thnks for the follow folks!
RT : Hey want to have a haunted club crawl for Halloween? SYP: Yes yes and yes.
Thanks! We had a blast! cant wait til next year!! RT Thanks for participating. We love your Whitty :)
aight will keep you updated! DM me your #?
I know right!
lol yeah I bet! So did you move yet? I can't remember...
not sure.
This cold weather got you down ?Add some color to your life.At Mr.D's painting "we love to paint" Check out our great deals for the holidays
Just watched my oceans twelve video!! Thanks to did a great job man! Great job also to Jeremy Ryan, Alan and James!! Rocked it!
my man des you did a great job filling in!! you def earning your spot!!i seen you on the sack!! ah
Congratulations to Willard Mitt Romney who demonstrated in his acceptance speech what a loathsome, blow-dried toad he really is ...
aight bro, ill get one for you(: so how long are they playing boyfriend?
•You can’t buy love, but you can pay heavily for it
classic and beautiful!
Tying run at the plate on the seventh ... Should probably use Brian Sanches - Charlie Manuel's thought process
Don't ask me if I'm high... Thats a silly question.
it's Jesus day, all I can do is blaspheme.
WKU Ray Harper says he would love to add UK to schedule in a home and home. Sure UK would come to Diddle
At last! RT : Do not miss: massive excerpt of new #Caro volume on #LBJ coming in this week's
but aint nuffin like sitn in my panties and tshirt and recording...while munchin on chocolate chip cookies lmao
Believe it or not my dads the one who gave up everything and changed his ways for me.
Thanks B!
aye Amanda lol (:
For my $18k/year, I intend to learn everything I can from Kinkaid.
I remember when guys used to be #Romantic <3
Omg!!! So this is the first playoff game I missed that the #Pacers have played this year AND I am mad as hell that I did.......
Thanks and for the yummies!
thank you
Injustice may be wiped out, but human combats and natural limits can't be removed.
did you watch that on TV a few hours ago too?
drinking coffee this morning, wrapped up in my pink snuggie..staying in pajamas all day..happy sunday! <3 <U+266C><U+266C><U+2669><U+2669><U+266A><U+2669>
I seriously need a frosty.
After you've uploaded a vid go to your account page and navigate to my current vid, if your video is shown here then it's live
I answer to Jim Jimmy JimmyO & James :)
Logan has been hanging out with too much... He just said "I all alone SuckAR! " lmao
and loving every minute of it! xoxo
#21consecutivwplayoffappearance ...most teams are happy with back to back playoff appearances..
bases loaded,grandslam??
If you like Changing the Face of Christianity, please share this page with your friends.
Thankyou so much Jesus for the life that you have given me.
90 minute session on #linkedin...slightly surprised it's taking this long.
Tim, your review will be the first I read once I finish my own tonight!
Woke up from my nap and couldn't remember how I got home 'last night.' that was trippy. (I think I've been passing out too much lately.)
RT : Gave my 7&9yo kids 1/2 the unicorn list and they nailed it. Having fun w/ room files too!
I hope I've never voted for a boo-er.
Oh man, I just saw three dark blue helicopters flying about 20 stories high over the Chicago River.
Our favorite is we love them all. Beach Bear! LeRue! Billy Bob!
Thank you Brooke!
Getting ready to watch the new HBO documentary
Dinner was on point S/0 to the chef! with my moms Famous Mac/Cheese
It was a lovely time, thank you! :)
Happy Birthday !
lol time for dance class bud! Omg I hope they show this again
Alex Sanchez?
I can't wait till summer comes(:
Woo bar hopping!
Man I really can't wait to share with the world my new Material. I hope you will be wowed cause I sure was ;) lol
extra day in february is always nice - Happy Leap day!
Sadie is trying to speak
Yes, I know I have a lot of shit. But I happen to like my shit.
Hanging w/ fab chicks #smgirlfriends at Nics the list goes on.....
Yeah that's a good one! A once-a-week place for me.
And only 781 behind Stockton RT Jason Kidd only needs 30 steals to pass Michael Jordan on all-time steals list.
Who needs pumpkin pie when you can have Panettone? We are your Panettone Headquarters. Stop in & pick up a treat for your Thanksgiving host.
The Artist's Hazanavicius, very cool. thanked three people: "Billy Wilder, Billy Wilder, Billy Wilder."
Twitter is a way of just putting yourself on blast. #shoutOutToTheFeds I see you.
No seriously. I really want to know what Goodbye Shoes are.
RT : Q4. You meet a fellow traveler whose wallet has been stolen. What do you do? #TNI?
any chance we can pick up our packets in the morning if we missed the expo today?
Just goes to show that the SEC produces the best!!! Contests BUBBA!
Two months rent got me 20 pills to alleviate my migraines. Cool. So the point of health insurance is?
Mac App Store hits 10000 Apps: here's the best - SlashGear
Had a great day with and :)
Love the new website design - and easy to navigate! Well done Steven.
CAREFULLY, would be my advice
Looking forward to report/review. 's piece in has made me skeptical.
I have done that before for this poor woman over the past few years. May I DM the info to you this time?
TGIF! Tequila anyone? Fatso's now offers Patron.
CFD busy this morning fighting massive fire at a plastics recycling plant. Exploding propane tanks, ceiling caving in. Live update @ 6
Someone bring me Starbucks and I'll love you forever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Ha ha ha did they scream in horror!! lol
In the studio. Finishing up new release before the tour. Get ready East Coasters...we're coming to/for you
I go to school where students are higher than their grades.
Mike, what's up? Excellent point about Dirks. I hope that the injury to AJax isn't serious. He's having a good year so far.
Pitt is victorious! All of my teams have advanced
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy
I HATE EISHENHOWER & their lamee track!a
SD vet on way back to hotel after day of touring DC memorials just called WWII "the last of the really fun wars."
Care to share any stories about giving out books at the library with Library Journal? Email me at
Damn...Well Boetsch did it good...give em props. Okami is a very tough dude though. Props to both. Congrats Boetsch :-)
Really..how can you defend Scott Walker? Oh right you are a Fox "news" drone.
haha their not in my phone! My parents met her on set of a show a few years ago, their all Colombian :) and I met 1D (c)
I'm gonna miss 's ustream again!!! dammit.
haha glad i can humor you.
thank you and please come again!
Master P goin ham on the new shit. Makes me wanna jump in a tank. Uuuuuuhhhh nana nana.
RT : Finishing up gallery night at with friends. We've had a great time!
Some people like to twist what is unsaid as to be the truth. For some people, you really gotta spell it all out. #slow LOL
u don't kno me
Pretty sure I could design more functional public restrooms than the professionals.
His mother called such people ignorant and superstitious, but his father only shook his head slowly and puffed his pipe and said
Eat more! To lose weight, it's not about eating less. It's about eating more of the right foods in the right portion sizes.
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest. Swedish Proverb
Thanks for the RT!
Watched Knowing - I hope that ending doesn't happen here anytime soon.
Thanks for the RT!
LOL Your not fat because your eating more! Your eating more because your fat <.< Lmao
Time to put on my gear and watch #Kobe get down
Dim all the lights ...
Look, I hate LBJ too, but I have a hard time killing him for not wanting to play the entire 2nd half
I'm addicted to it - and they just re-instated lunch. pulled pork pita and fresh crab rangoons w/ spicy peanut sauce.
A beautiful day in the Windy City!!!
Can we expect tooth paste and orange juice weird, or full on finding a roll of quarters in your stool weird?
RT launches its virtual SHRM site: www.careerbuilder.com/SHRM2009 for attendees and those back home
You got it! Let's do this! Im loving that there are so many Paleo people. :) Have a great day! Stay focused on the positive
Way to call your ex girlfriend ugly?
thanx for the follow. I've been following you for years. Mostly in paperback, though.
you don't know her like I do?
me to!!! Im tryna shmurn (; you feel me
G'Night<U+2665>
If she has a text signature
Hello Canada!
The best part of telling the truth is you don’t have to remember what you said- InSpotter app
That nigga Carlton pride at the Mavs game doin this shoot out competition between quarters lmao
you have have a warrant out on ya, but at least you're not John Kuester
RT : He kind of cute. Bynum they call him. I think
Great win last night by OU's Black Cats over Temple!!! Back in control of their own destiny in MAC East. Love the Black Cat uni's!
has a twitter?, hmm, if I wasn't watching LA news, I wouldn't have known what this is about, jeez!
Seguindo de volta :D
I'm crazy about you!!!!!
We love it when a shoot goes well.RT : That's a wrap! shoot went well! Great day
Thanks for the follow today Shawn!
those boots are fun too. Loved the New Year card!
aight you got my number right ?
Same here. Or longer. I'll come down and say hi closer to the end of the day if that's cool - then you can come see my office
The scalper out front looks like the late poet Ray Bremser.
Devil's Hand Ch13: Salvatore x 2, Trent, and Celia in the tunnels as the cold advances upon them. Who's daughter is she?
": "And why is the carpet all wet Todd?" "I don't know Margot!"
many of those on the committee to prep DSM-5 had or have very close rel with pharm industry. What U think will result.
Please, #StopSopa #Sopa I can't imagine a world without free knowledge.
ohh i am curling it likr usual
I see Internet Archive has joined the #SOPA #PIPA protest at last. No more crossing the picket line!
Ok wow that like just posted the Randy Curtis video and it's trending worldwide!
heck yeah!! Call it a loophole!
been up praying since 4:30 this morning
What has everyone decided to be for Halloween?
Can't wait for the Food Truck Dinner this Tuesday !
Don't be sad that he died, be happy that he lived and made and impact on you
Honestly, Ellen is too funny.
Yay!Time to celebrate RT 2 years ago, the #NBC7SANDIEGO family hired me full time. I've been grateful every day since. =-)
#healthysnack fresh raspberries and blueberries!!
o coffee
#lovelovelove so cute!
what a beautiful sight! Perhaps one of these days I could join you in person.
I will hold you to that.
American Apparel men's line makes me wish I had a boy to shop for!
Might have to hit up Liberty this Friday.
Yes. Yes. That.
sweet, congrats to you and ! Praying for you guys.
so many hashtags to accompany that last tweet...
Followed! And I LOVE your bio... awesome! <U+2665>
Don't feel like going to school today, so I'm not:) #sleepsleep <U+270C>
Awww...thanks Bruce! You know the dog you guys gave him is his favorite stuffed animal. He has the death grip on it every morning
she needs either st judes or come to florida best childrens hosptials around..
Thanks for the love!
754 Fans... Shooting for that elusive 800. If you can Share Red Sox Alley and suggest to your friends, that would be great!
I have the biggest headache :c
Hey debbie,missing you :((
The 49ers are gon be unreal on madden
RT Restricted airspace, denying press, LRAD, shutting down subways & threats of shutting down cell towers?
"#T4StarsLive - Example.. If you could be any animal, what would it be and why? ps. I love you!! Fom Morag. :) x"
happy birthday Ellen! I heart you.
Jamie Patricof and Wendy Cohen at AFM emphasize the value of internships. Moving that to top of my list.
you wanna aggressive inline tonight or should we just cruise around looking for things to grind with our soaps?
that's funny! I thought of that but I didn't tweet it LOL
<U+200E>"If you want work well done, select a busy man, the other kind has no time."
I work next to train tracks &thought a train crashed, but the rumble just kept going. Wondering how to get home...is the light rail working?
Hey, who's the owner? :)
she really dont want to get talked bad too today.
Seeking a #Docketing Supervisor in #Chicago with litigation docketing experience!
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
Me too!
Types of people I know who are having babies: too-skinny girls with boozy duckface Facebook photos, married ladies who do crafts, EVERYBODY.
my following + followers = 121 and sqrt(121)=11. I compulsively add numbers that I see and sqrt them. Welp, anyway, time to go to Target
I might
yeah sure. Do you know what's out?
they trying to rob VT!!!!!
MIAMI in 6 days can't wait.......
sick f*cks
Off to work !! everyone have a wonderful Sunday.
Hey what mouse walks on 2 feet? (Mickey Mouse) What duck walks on 2 feet? Reply to tell me your answer and ill let you know if you are right
is that a good thing or a bad thing
For the 1st time ever, 4 Super Bowl MVP's are playing on the same Div.NFL Playoff weekend. Gon'na be great!
is it weird that I found the Social Network scarier than Grizzly Man?
S/O to my brotha cousin
In Romney vs Perry it was all Romney. Original "nice try" landed.
Gott love Neal. Complaining about a non call when Spurs are up 34 pts
Single till my daughter out the house done with man. N there promise n shit if I need sex Ill get a sex toy fuck love n man
This is awesome I might have to participate RT Nationals Pumpkin Carving Contest Accepting Entries Through October 26
not feeling that one...
Leaving the city for the first time since 1st week in July.
Home Furniture owner George ‘Ged' Fleming dies at 67 LAFAYETTE, La. — George "Ged" Fleming, owner of Top 100 store Home Furniture here, h
Our planning team is now in Mali, Bamako and will be there for three weeks, studying SGB, (small growing businesses) development potential
and now its nap time bitches!(:
Likewise. We need to encourage more entrepreneurship and provide a stable environment for business growth!
On the 5th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 5300 sq. feet of meeting space!
The sun is shining everyday
Fuckin' well. Now I'm actually crying.
Rappers all liars !
While researching teaching positions in African American studies, the following thoughts crossed my mind...
nashville is a little far lol
Hoping errbody get there eat on tomorrow and have a good time with loved ones.
Well that's a bummer
Back to business tomorrow. Paying bills and being super productive for 2011!
Gotta work dis morning ugh!
Good Morning! Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. ~Henry Ward Beecher
should tweet me to make my night <3
CRN Test Center recognized the Dell PowerEdge C6145 & Dell Management Plug-in for VMware vCenter as some of The 15 Best Products of 2011
actually, never mind, just cancelled my haircut. ill try to stop in tomorrow to check out the new fred perry/bug you about glass.
My bitch badder then yours!
wrap party & on on to the next one
you succed :D
@ Gladys Knights Chicken and waffles
#Authors: Redroom offers a new ecommerce portal so ppl can find you then buy your book directly.
How long before we all prefer digital books to print?
getting my hair all one color tomorrow! :)
Oooooww junk! Now you went a little too far buddy! You know ion play abt my mommy, lol.
This guy just gave me 15 free picks cause I told him I liked The Beatles. I love them!
how intense!!!
kill me now <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Thanks for the RT! Find any new ones from that list?
Thank you! And I will always be an #idol fan
Go see Words Like Vines and I Am Endseeker at Murray Hill tonight!!!!
Anybody attending eTail West? If so, hope to see you there!
Bartender Albert & Matthew made our tax extension celebration complete!
What is your favorite IPA?
It's tough when someone special starts to ignore you but it's even tougher when you have to pretend that you don't mind
thanks scott i am kinda slow on the tweet trigger
you guys are nailing my afternoon commute playlist! Damn you're all so good!
What tweet hours ago have tears in my eyes I can't believe it dreams do come true I swear my Attitude is like MeekVille
LOVE it -- great stuff!
Sent my grandmother flowers for Mother's Day. Teleflora's shipping fees were half the price of the bouquet I picked out. Kind of incredible!
Oh dear! I cannot pass up a virtual cookie! Now, just to figure out how to get into my story.
Happy Tinker Day! #hollins No Krispy Kreme near me but I am determined to find some sugary goodness to celebrate!! Love you Hollins.
Small circle = less problems...Big circle = bunch of bullshit.
#salsa night with and I'll just do a shimmy. Leave the hard stuff to the professionals. ;-)
Manifesting for
On my way to receive an award as a 2011 Phenomenal Trailblazer for National Organization of Black Elected Legislative/Woman, "NOBLE/Women"
let me get back to work. Have a great day all.
Same here.
Would you say that your homeowners association was effected by the down economy?
Congrats a lifetime of hapiness your way! Keep on smiling both of you!
any luck?
I try to get something different every now and then, but it's never as good.
Little late to the party but I'll say this...I don't have an issue with bringing in one of the best closers in the game to finish it off.
Happy Emancipation Day!!!! #DCholidays!!!!!!!
female comics' need to be sexier pretty much just perpetuates the thought that only one look is sexy. I'M UNSEXY & ENRAGED!
Austins favorite quote is ''Be different or be remembered as being like everybody else.'' RT if you found that out on #Austream yesturday(:
The redness has really reduced & it's starting to peel. I would love to know how this happened. I hope I can wear my rings again!
I'd try being more optimistic, but it probably wouldn't work anyway.
T minus 30 min for #WOMMA talk w , & me on scaling social. us any questions beforehand.
BANG! Just like that TBS has a brand new comedy series that sucks just like its other original comedy series.
awesome. Should be an interesting show!
I spun a big old FAT stack of records tonight!
Today feels like a fucking Monday. That's why I hate having school after take your child to work day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
who got the green beer
I am so very excited about this! Also see, Beautiful Treet, a book on this topic. Private Schools for the Poor (SSIR)
_I_ don't. But several friends don't eat pork products.
asks: "Why are these allegiances becoming more powerful than the countries we reside in?" What do you think?
They r busting a METH LAB 2 doors down from us!! Theres cops everywhere! This is f'ing crazy! We coulda all been blown up! Never seen
I just laughed out loud :)
Eat your bacon its good for you.
If to "muse" means to think; then "amuse" means not to think. Just musing......must be bedtime, huh?
Oh, because there's nothing cool here! :( ok i will send for u :)
Need=long maxi dress for summer (no horizontal stripes please) Want=inappropriately short skirts with racer back tanks. (too much at 30?)
6th & 7th have been confirmed. As long as they are good I won't care if they gone on for past 7z
GUYS. MY PERSONAL ACCOUNT JUST GOT FOLLOWED BY AUSTIN MAHONE<3
Why they gotta clown on the METRO????
' I enjoy others point of views on shit!
I gotta 100 round drum ima rock n roll band
im bout to have a pepsi to.
lmbo!! I just choked. Umm all my friends are at least 15 yrs your senior.
One of my followers just need to relax it will work out in the long run
I'm sorry. What happened to "Innocent until proven guilty"? What happened to due process? What happened to representation?
you gonna miss bushwhacker after all that waiting.
150 kids probably have the same haircut as you.
I laughed and laughed ... as a NOLA native, it's true: things just work differently there. Slower.
ugh. can I just get my camaro already?!?
did you see any munchkins while you were there?
hey guys I love this Yoga but it's much harder than it looks.
And how did you calculate these odds? I've seen NO math to prow that. Just empty statements and guesses.
my mom woke me up this morning by bringing me COFFEE! "good morning dear, i made you coffee." Now that's love...and that's how it's done!
Well hello & hi there. I never knew you were weird like me.
Nobody develops point guards like Calipari and you know it. His point guards turn out to be lottery pick millionaires
- You are right - elections have consequences. And the Dems still control the Senate and the Presidency.
check your email I sent u a thing for Omaha steaks
new music by on the way!
Craving some frog legs this #LeapYear day
John Burn Buddist moment when having a pint realising the yeast in there is undertaking same repair process as the person drinking it
thanks so much! Make sure you vote every day :) tell your friends!!
sometimes the rap game reminds me of the crack game
We love you all, too! Thank you!
Laws control the lesser man... Right conduct controls the greater one.-Mark Twain
You will! Keep in touch love
... Dunno but my hoodie.was like $50 last year at Dicks
thank you though!
The only spirit day I will ever partake in is Halloween dress-up day. Otherwise, I'm passing e'rytime.
xoxo for you :-) RT : Blah not my day today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
nice man what was today's workout
RT Lol my house get mad at me when I get into my music flow >>>
I can't wait for the 4th!
Walk about the classroom, and engage your students like there's "no tomorrow." This "sense of urgency" just might be the "key."
Can't live without Twinkies! (AP) -- #Twinkies maker #Hostess Brands files for Ch. 11 reorganization to deal with high labor costs
Future "Neva End"
Just finished Book 2 of the Sookie Stackhouse Novels! Now on to #ClubDead by #CharlaineHarris,
seeing avengers tonight. What did you think?
Good morning! How do you start a productive day? We start at the gym ! Have a great day!
awee what yoyu playing ???? CAN I PLAY :)
Happy Holidays from the UCLA Fund.
so excited to go to the baseball game on sunday. bobblehead day yo
I'm going a little bit crazy on pinterest right now. Same username
Our new secret feature? Yup. Almost ready. But what we really want now is 's cars that drive themselves.
There are few things more annoying than the sound of somebody playing a saw with a violin bow....
loved meeting her fans at Holiday Party last night at MIA so well done!!!
See what Violence Against Women Act is a puppy we can pray in Mexico. News Analysis: Europe Sends Markets!
Being caught in the rain in real life is nothing like the movies...there's no singing and no Ryan Gosling
I just noticed that gmail gives me 10233 MB. I think it was just 7500 MB yesterday.
Discussed workforce challenges for the state of WI with Scott VanderSanden, President , AT&T Wisconsin. Insightful leader!
-- and thanks to all of you!
my favorite is log in to adjust subscription "preferences".
I'm begging my parents to. We'll see. I want to SO bad
Crazy the variance in sports, Durant gonna be lauded as a hero, clutch guy today 4 making a shot that was off target.
Join the Cody Jasper and their other social sites! goo.gl/hO9uy
M, delicious cookies and other sweets at the office today- Great energy :)
Wisconsin Department of Revenue, why you no make e-file work on macs? I want my money back.
I'm dying without cable. Did we win??
I showed my boy that pic of da hairy chicks he say "u gone need a shot of nair after eatin they shit"
Forever never friends with
Thanks for the follow, !
So excited! Just found out is touring in early 2012. He better be coming to Philly!
I love being able to get out of school for a holiday I don't need to celebrate. (I love those serving, don't get me wrong!) SPA DAY!!!
Is this in regards to the Groupon sale? If so, just make your reservation online and put your Groupon # in the comments section.
I'm willing to do what it takes to help those dealing with the disorder or cause....I can be a good mentor & supporter!
damn I hadn't opened client since updating it...WOW!
Up late. Again.
Good morning everyone. Take 2 asprin and you guys will feel better. At Bertuccis again yeah!!! I feel like I work at a high school. I ...
I have never been inside the home of a Londoner. Just those of NYC expats.
Trying to practice my presentation while looking like I'm paying attention to today's lecture.
My morning is now being fueled by hot choc N a blunt...
Think, Believe, Dream and Dare. - Walt Disney
I am so excited
katniss everdeen can, and will, rule the shittly world you live in............and squirrel jerky will be your fuel
I donnntt wanna closee my eyeeeeeessssss (steven tyler voice)
biology lab report to do and then i'm DONE. summer break is MUCH needed.
Stalks my TL And only sleep when y'all tweets bore me...get it poppin!!! O_O
Blood pressure issue is under control!!!
Howd u get grounded?
who ever follows me and i will follow them back
"People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be." -Abraham Lincoln-
who forgot??
Follow back
Busy day, lot of things to do before & come in for a crazy weekend.
u lowkey mexican..u and lawrence shouldve stopped by...i live down the street
I was like bow I was like bow while I'm smoken on dat loud got mi head in the clouds I was like damn lil mama thick wit it
oh that's great! Hope you have fun!
TY: Love watching Monday morning bring out the Stars:
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s good looking. We’re not just saying that bc he’s our CEO. (OK, we are, but whatever).
Baby your all that i want.
First restaurant I've been to where they just play a birthday song through speakers #create?
Oh and I'm starting to HATE instagram now... Sheesh!!!
Hi Megan, thanks for the follow ;-)
my plans is to be with u
ha! i wish it was the robot. instead it's just a singular "robot," which is somehow creepier. :)
that's how my brother wants one and he's turning 10 on march 12 and wants one
What is your favorite line from See No More?
Granite City Food and Brewery and Au Bon Pair coming to Indianapolis airport.
did you stay up all night so you could make the interview!!? I understand...
If I reach #400 #followers by the end of #Friday, I'll Tweet a pic of my dick.
Should Have Thought About That Before You Cheated On Me .. T W I C E .. :p
Stolen Kisses Are Always The Sweetest Kisses : )
Great Pic! But you both need "BEADS!"
Im interested in the future because its the place I will spend the rest of my life.. -Woddy Allen
nice. congrats!
Oh, new version of the suite. Advanced page layout? More vector shaping tools? Yes pls.
get it!
You have got to be kidding me.
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Congrats on the new opening!! Does this still mean Ainsworth Sundays, or are things switching?!
No Valencia sounds shocking. Nani and Young instead? Don't mind Smalling instead of Evans. And I dont trust Rafael in big games
stop twitstalking me!
Have you seen the movie? Jackie Coogan plays the evil drug pusher. He also plays piano in the "tomorrow is a drag" scene.
#mijobs #hiring #jobs Gonzalez in Oak Park, MI hiring Machine Builders, Electricians, & Pipefitters. Resumes to
No...definitely not! I was..joking Rachel..
If pants were never invented I would have just haad sex.
I never had much but I always lived. The best times was when I didn't have shit.
Man, this weekend cannot come any sooner
"Man she got some saggy boobs." "Its a suit." "Where are yours? Your front looks like your back." E thats fucked up :D lmao
better have the weed too Leslie..
gays and whimps use machines! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
Sucks when you bring your hand up to fix your glasses but you're not wearing your glasses. Proof that you're an idiot and a poke in the eye.
my god. just made homemade hot fudge from the february issue of living. no words, just moaning.
Shoutouts to ! Everyone go follow him if you haven't! He's also my manager so hit him up for booking
hey pal - in NYC all week next week - got time for a drink? Lots of exciting things to share, and I'm sure you're the same
Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness.
Moving out of hotel this morning and into house.
The allergies have come -_-
: #HealthyEating #I KnowYoureJealousThatsWhyImPostingThisThe only healthy your doing is chewing slower
you ain't no good , but ya feel so good .
oh ok
Nice!! : "I was up working in NYC recently and the cats were all talking about the DC jazz scene! How cool is that?" Chad Carter
“: be listening to all the jams #swag” lol tell these bitches to get on my level <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?
Maltesers is without no doubt, the best choclate around....
FOLLOW MY B.A.B.Y..
Even though it was only 2 1/2 days of seeing is the best thing thats happened in 2 1/2 months. And its all about to end.
like we look at brows. Dudes looking at brows aren't into women.
“Never explain yourself. Your friends don’t need it and your enemies won’t believe it.” ~ Belgicia Howell ~
Totally post-modern.
Reports r that 2 r dead @ Episcopal HS in Jax from a shooting. Satan has a grip & evil is running unchallenged. Men of all ages, ARMOR UP!
I've never received my foursquare claim in the mail after requesting it several times. Please assist.
there you go. Show them how it's done!
indeed. Just got back from polls, myself. Happy primary, #WI!
Kipnis deserves your all-star votes.
Apple makes much more money than its rivals. What's the secret? Supply management must be one.
done! I would love that
I will see if I can sneak away from class. I would love to see a summit in action!
Hey Rj, thank you for the love :) I guess, almost all my life. Enjoy this beautiful Sunday, Amanda :)
My black is beautiful!
#ushouldnevertrust depending on who you ask. Bell Biv! Devoe said a big booty and a smile. I say don't trust anything to good to be true
": Social media is about engagement: Choose platforms that support your story & tie them together - #PRSADIconf"
University of Rochester, Tulane, Fordham University, the George Washington University (waitlisted, my #1), University of Virginia
To our followers in the South, I hope you dig shoveling like us Minnesotains for a while! ;) 10 more days and the #WhoIveBecomeEP drops!
we're happy to keep you company!
Eating the free lollipops even though I'm not a member of the bank.
why is SEO so boring?
Come get your FREE SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH today! Just show this message.
SUBURBAN DRIVE TIME
Elmatic > Illmatic.....and that's hard to say, but I really think it's a better album
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday <3
you guys need to come back to Florida!!!
PS you should comment on her about that, I'm sure she would be thrilled!!!
lmao, she better gtf out of my room before she get the dick, lol jk she ugly
thats what I heard lol its one of the ones I actually really wanna play..i have a psp but havent gotten around to it x)
Us too!
sad but true. Only thing worse is that we've started tweeting side by side as well.
Don't worry, though, IU AD Fred Glass often assures me coach Kevin Wilson will get the football team turned around.
Dallas,Texas
#SoundEditing goes to...
They never die and they get to bang everybody hot ever
just drove through San Dimas/made the obligatory Bill and Ted reference.. Don't really have a history with the Ataris :(
I'd like to thank these New Years Day sponsors: Ibuprofin, coffee and toothpaste.
Seeing Potbelly and Buca di Beppo in a travel guidebook seems weird. I can't be the only one who tries to break away from chains on vacay.
is the jump off right now. Get here ASAP. We will top
Stupidest flight plan ever: Milwaukee to St. Louis. Change planes. St. Louis to O'hare. Change Planes. O'hare to Las Vegas. Or I could j ...
what does this mean? What language?
#SpriteSlam Calvin Cambridge
Thanks!!!!!! RT : Happy Birthday enjoy your day and have a great weekend!!!!
going over my script makes me happy.
Beat the snow, come by for a late breakfast - or early lunch.
Oh, I loved what I was able to play. I have a post written and scheduled for tomorrow morning about it. :)
very cool stuff Linda... thanks for sharing.
Hey Are You Going To Be On The Teen Choice Awards Tonight?
DineEquity Names PepsiCo Exclusive Beverage Provider - MarketWatch (press release)
Not this year! Thanks, I will give it a try!
thanks for spreading the word :)
how about "I'm in the duck here!" --Al Pacino "Scent of a Woman"
Thanks for the visit today! Excited about phase 2
Perhaps it is all about the size/scale of the city? The "machine" here runs reeaal slow. Not to mention the politics here.
; awe Toot :) thank you
can u plz plz plz plz follow me?? It would be a DREAM COME TRUE. please!! Thank you!!!! <3 :)
You are very welcome! Glad you had fun at the mixer last night - I had a blast too. :)
Cool...R u coming 2 my party after the club !!!????
Beat the pussy up
At 10 ugly men in roch. Nice time in roch. Get to the feat!! Fools!
had so much fun ice skating at Red Arrow Park tonight!
personnel... No team speed, undersized LBs, and they missed a dominating rush end
lol, looks like they've got lots of positive energy!
My learn vector math project is creeping forward - understand some things, can't do much yet.
LOVES when my son falls asleep in my hand after a feeding (:
Plan On Recording Some New Tracks 4 #RawReality 2night
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you find out the #bible is #Truth and you have been
what they said. haha
Super pumped for the Guac Off!!
solid, red shirt.
im not go ask how you got yo pic to do that
Things I learned today-I'm painfully bad at program shopping.
we are thinking Bowie, we arent completely set yet. it has to be a rockstar name (following a trend with some relatives) any ideas?
Just saw on the RER in Paris about an hour ago! Was too starstruck to say anything, but you're awesome&I hope you enjoy Paris :)
#IfYouWereSmart is trending. That must be a result of this USC project.
the inner-Earth/hollow-Earth cities of Agartha; Shamballa; and Telos; big-foot; the lost continents of Atlantis, and Lemuria/Mu; ley lines;
Today I want a Dreamsicle. Tomorrow will bring a new dream cycle. Yum-o.
i think you and vinny are hot lmfao (: <3
is making the world sound better one mix at a time.
what does that mean
Gay guys love Maleficent. I don't quite know why, but it's a wonderful thing.
Um, next time you have a NBA top pg conversation please insert Ty Lawson. He is in the building.
Is not the whole world a vast house of assignation to which the filing system has been lost?
Cube's is going to get crazy tonight!!!
Well played
Bar specials all night Wed - Fri, $5 starters and 25% off wine and beer!
nothing much are you still bored, dude
just started listening to your music bro, i bought NONE SHALL PASS and its easily one of my fav albums of all time!!!!
OMG I love me some fudruckers lol. Ik you didnt ask but i had to give my input lol
Love it. And while we're on the topic of "different" unis, any good shots of the "Turn Ahead the Clock" MLB unis from late 90s?
I wish we got the chance to be rated! You guys do certainly do a great job and we applaud you!
miracle |'mirik<U+0259>l| a highly improbable or extraordinary event, development, or accomplishment that brings very welcome consequences.
Silver Ecstasy. (:
In Connecticut for a show at The Space! Friggin awesome food here! #hummis for the win
“: Pokerone , a "merge" skin. My player won 25k on Sunday and had his cash on Monday." Able to set me up an acct?
ill punch in the face
No rush on my side. Just checking.
RT : Listenin to the show on SOME FUNNY SHIZ! Thanks for listening...we love you :)
don't quit your day job... oh, wait... ;) haha
Where are my real MUSIC fans at?! And by MUSIC I mean songs that speak to your soul and thoughts.
"I made this for you!"
Be yourself(: because that's the only truth there is <3
YES! Figure it out NOW! -- Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. (via )
I have this thing for short girls <3 i love em all there just so fucking adorable
Chilling like a villain at home.
I'm here for you bebe!!!
I'm not a trick-or-treat kind of guy. I'm ready to sit in a pitch black room and watch scary movies on Halloween!!! Follow Me Everyone!!!!!!
Aha a ice cream truck playin future
I'll stop covering him once he stops smoking pot on the course and pissing on the crowd.
what da fuck? I want to see Nicki not this damn music video
It is. “: Macho Men-looking lesbians beat up women. Act like men. So it's baffling. ”
lol......you better!
The tree is lit @ Rockefeller Center!
I know this is old n all but I just have to say you look presh. always.
every day is a struggle
as an afterthought... I'd really love some mozzarella sticks. That's some awesome finger food. I think it's been 20 years!
Just wanted to thank u again for having me on TBN! I have gotten so many tweets, msgs..u were a wonderful host so thank u...V
Thanks for following!
Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are. -Kurt Cobain
I'd never hurt u boo :)
Clemson Football: The Ins and Outs, Highs and Lows of the 2012 Schedule
" Can't wait to memorial weekend "
just accept the fact that they are human like you
Help us get to 1,000 fans !! the 1,000 fan will get a lil something from the crew over here at Wavelength
DAMN YOU STORYCORPS!!!! It's now raining in my car.
2-0-1 +70 units tonight! 4-0-1 +110 units last two nights. Picks are red hot. Email me for a great deal
Welppp, then can i be the 400th person you follow?
Tickets to the Ames Acoustic Session with Hole right now with "Know Thy Yacht Rock!"
Feedback and support are key for changing help behaviors.
We have toothpaste for children to adults!
hope things get better ;)
Who's coming to the tonight??
Love You, Mean it!
sounds yummy :) I vote #sushi (even though that wasn't on the list)
use coupon code Thanksgiving!
Hey Philip, just saw your tweet. I'm not sure I understand—can I help? Please email me at . Thanks!
Accelerating change, disruptive innovation, David Houle on this decade on webinar with
pao is sad ):
Get 50% off glasses & frames at Metro Eye's Spring Fling, and save an **additional $50** with our Spring Fling Facebook coupon! -->...
Marvel's "Jane Austen's Emma" is drawn in an breathtakingly gorgeous art nouveau... but utterly fails as a GN. 8 sentences in every bubble.
Just wrote another remix! haha. Where's my grammy?
That last call was bull
A JoePa column with your byline would be outstanding!
Today is one of those days where I want nothing to do with any piece of clothing I own.
hey Macie, I miss you like crazy! We need to see each other soon!And have you been to any dance competitions yet? Love ya<3-pey
2 kinds of people in this world: Those who have a coach & those who need to get one.
its bc I lost my home I have less then 24 hours and I have no place to go all I do is cry
Run your butt off for your best body ever
Outstanding dinner, cocktails, service, everything at Boka tonight! Thank you
Craving some MI GO REN dry instant noodles. With an egg. =/ All I have at home are the generic Instant Lunch cup noodles
will u be at RPI in June? W Ron Eglash? If so, I'll c u there! (:
is spying on programming summit and spreading rumors!
good idea!! RT : , , what nxt ? We have to follow ALL states to win the cd?
I lost my heart and I lost my mind, without you.
Do it. It will even hold sugar packets.
Sluts: Walking naked... YOLO! Me: Peeing in the shower.. YOLO!
I gonna buy like 4 copys of Mindless Behavior's #1Girl Album #Sep20!!!! ah! :D<333
#FF hes got some great posts!
Congrats to #LU C/O of 2012! Hope Governor Romney's commencement speech is great! #Mitt #wishhewasmyspeaker #igotnewt!
Scarborough & Noonan, perfect together. Both sold out to Obama for media love & didn't suffer for their betrayal. How do they sleep?
": sing to me!" Lol, sweetheart, how? I lost my manual on how to sing via twitter. :(
Elie Wiesel: "each moment brought a surprise" from , Hillary Clinton, Natalie Portman, Sidney Poitier in video tributes
“: we on our waaaayyyyy<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081>”better be
Hi. Dell has been developing the Streak for awhile. Research showed that 5" is a sweet spot btwn viewing experience & portability
BAMBOOZLE THIS WEEKEND! ... not going this year as well. >.< WHY?!?!?!?!? I am literally going to have to wait 30 years at this rate.
umm that sounds like the opening to a horror movie! LoL
Well, you won't get elected if you don't run! :)
School-based meals play a critical role in combating child hunger and obesity for Latino students.
What To Expect When You're Expecting Director Kirk Jones Talks Taking It One Step At A Time Plus a whole lot more!
Boy , I love that Cosby quote. Being the mother of 8, I can tell you some try to keep coming back. LOL
what u mean?... I need my dream girls part
Good vibes sent. Back in Milwaukee. Good luck!
enjoy the Muhal disc Peter.
When I'm writing, I'm scheduling. Thinking of how many days I need an actor effects how many scenes they are in & also if I kill a character
me too! You deliver?
soft and slow, no one fears the course, just each other, can't burn out early. Look out for an amazing sunday...
yay, welcome back!
Lol ohh I love judge Judy
#Happy National Pretzel Day this place downstairs has the BEST,SOFTEST,biggest pretzels with yummy mustard..i may get 1 2day!!
Yeah MIX~TAPE Coming real Soon..4/17/12..MR.MONEY MAKER volume1
yes I tottaly agree
ahahaha fuck dude! Y'all are so mean!
Lmao oh hell yeah!
Need to get a better earphone
In my MBA program a few years ago, we generally agreed ~$4.50/gallon would be the point people would start changing habits. Will it be so?
Apparently my family crest has a Unicorn on it. Not sure how I feel about this.
I need a vacation like yesterday!!!
Shes 13 right? Well that explains the pushup bra and makeup .
raffle coming up at the end of the talks tonite
right! Tweet tweet
Early Sunday Morning recording session at the Jacks'...a gift.
I saw it too! made my cry. those kids were so impressive...and their families!
Happy Friday everyone!!
dude I would love to help but being on the water in the dark freaks me out!
Ahh berry nice little fella c:
The cockroaches in my dorm room are winning.
she gotta bad reputation for bussin
A wise woman never decieves those who lend a hand
I am now a fan of the Padres since they signed Suppan! #comebackplayeroftheyear PETCO is going to be rocking when he takes the mound!
According to 92% of retweets come from "interesting content" while only 32% come from incentives.
Wow, that was a really awesome "two-fer" tweet there! :-)
feel better baby.
It's funny when you realize how stupid you are, IMing your best friend, Literally ''Laughing Out Loud'' (x ahaha. R-tards all the wayy ;DD
Morning folks!!!
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Wacky Wakes
Always getting the same thing? Try adding lettuce, tomato, or cheese!
Buyers remorse. Just realized the new sweater I bought came straight out of Mr. Rogers closet circa 1992.
I unlocked The Avengers Opening Weekend sticker by taping the ticket stub to my wall, with the rest of the collection. (Oh hai, Red Tails.)
Good morning everyone from school in Florida in the afternoon in my house
hey Joe! How's everything with you and your family....besides what we read or hear.
dont mention me if i unfollow you cause you weren't even following me to begin with.
Who wants a comp bottle tonight ? RT and follow ! & tonight!
whats going on with houston its freezing cold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT": The hardest thing ever is controlling ur own desires"
Don't you think the Obama camp is *delighted* with this development? Remind voters of the Bush years!
shan , it is very annoying but also funny , what if we get mr Howell to talk about it ? hahahahaha
1716 Portuguese apothecary gets Aristotelian: "In school one finds recreation in an infinite syncathegorematical number of diverse entities"
I hope your day gets better Dylan, I love you<3
Happy Mother's Day to all. Many Blessings. http;//www.oglhaiti.com
welcome. At least it didn't autocorrect "schnittman" to "gunman".
I really hope im getting this varsity jacket that says 1D on it! Kinda like the one Zayn has!
Sam what's it like to be called by your first name?
Lunch with my mom then back to denton I go
Basically.. If u Good for showing love at certain moments. Dont be surprised at the love in the Mean time!
Thursday Salsa Party tonight at Retro! 1518 McGee, KCMO - $5 All Night with Salsa CD Giveaway 1st 50 people! NO MORE SALSA AT MADRIGALL!
xDDDD i wanna see his dick. honestly.
"The searing projectiles heading toward the fleet of 5 ships ripped into them from the rear. Sails fell, holes appeared near water lines."
Happy Easter everyone (:
You got it! No problem!
Happy mother's day to my mom, mom-in-law, and all of the other moms I know and love! Quite truly, none of us would be who we are w/out you!
In Kuwait, honor killings are not criminal acts, but misdemeanors.
Hey! It was great to c u all again 2, so glad that we got to talk with u all and play with your cute kiddos! take care!
Staying after school all week for rehersal for our show on Friday.
Never would have thought Bret would win an Oscar without Jermaine.
I've always wanted to learn to dubstep :o
Edith Sitwell~ Good taste is the worst vice ever invented.
Going beast mode on this Italian hw 9 pages down
58% of WVians give WV public schools a grade of C or lower
hey Thomas! How r u!?
I prefer not working any day, but at least Saturday has less traffic!
smith a bum
Wtf is a
Give me your thoughts on Clickbank..Is It The Best Way 2 Make Money On The Internet?
I can only assume half of Twitter just killed themselves.
The night has been covered.
THANK YOU!
Impressed with Obama's spine today. Well done POTUS.
...and an old lady just stopped me in the middle of the street to tell me that my Wonder Woman t-shirt was beautiful. :)
hai friends how r u all
The weather is amazing today
Hey beautiful amazing girls
If I tell the girl next to me she should be embarassed she cant finish the US Weekly crossword who comes out looking worse?
RT People don't change just by saying "I'm sorry". People change by knowing exactly why they should be sorry. And showing it
According to a Gallup/USA Today Poll, Obama's Gay Marriage Endorsement Is Turning More Voters Away!
We are! RT Florida bound! Who's coming with me?
Would you be willing to show on tonight at 11p? and I are going to try & stay awake to watch it! haha
Was nice to see you! RT : At vanity with crew!
Heading to to meet with Kim from to talk #wedding hair - so excited!
It's like 20 minutes from Palos. That's nothing. You should try to end up on the west side, BTW. : )
Has anyone used services for logo and web banner and were you pleased. Reference website if possible
and Panache block party today! Free food, giveaways, discounted clothes and haircuts/colors. 1-5pm @ ave V and Broadway.
The ICONic Boyz should punk each other!! LOL
I know. It's horrible and totally unfair!! Like imagine how Liam feels about it.
comes up with the most funniest shit ever! haha i miss going to school with her haha
What can I do to help you get closer to your goal?
Boredom always takes the best of me. No matter the circumstance
I want to fill my room with my artwork
` Needa New Boyfriend (:
Thanks lol RT : Back stage met the band they were hilarious! Lmao jokes jokes jokes my night was the bomb
I need a rain-friendly outfit for tomorrow...
Happy Monday everyone, have a lovely day! :)
Heading up to ZuZu to see some good friends and eat Fresh healthy Food. Come by and say hi to Russell and I will buy you a drink of choice!!
SO MUCH SHUSHING TODAY.
SOMEONE SPECIAL'S BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW <3
First show at the Backbooth in Orlando on the 29th. Pre-sales are only $8. Hit us up for some, we'd love you see your faces!
Students at Romney lecture have been riveted to their seats. That's how they stay upright and in place!
Stonehands is a major tearjerker, it is so relevant in so many ways.
Definitely! Thats also cause he's playing at a light weight now. Will easily add 10-15lbs muscle in the summer!
I close my eyes and I can see a better day, I close my eyes and pray.
I don't carry a phone so I could be biased. ;-)
Do you remember your first Belgian bier?
Justin Bieber. Austin Mahone. Too much sexiness in one tweet.
i hope u r alright
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1865, Hardee's Confederate forces tried to hold up the Union advance under Slocum at Averasborough, NC.
yes,yes you should.
Huff spotted going to first base!
Going to see my nephew today for the first time since seeing him at the hospital then going to see Mission Impossible with my Dad!
Akinade: the loss of cultural and linguistic diversity in science exacerbated by use of English.
and a reminder to contemplate the space between your emails.
Good luck! What cities are you looking at?
Uh Oh... and I are both in NJ...does that mean i have to leave?
Wow, watch police footage on Hannity, Z-man was latino, bald head, hood knowledge: thats gang related, flying red colors (jacket) security?
I love you you are amazing
Just got tickets to WWE Monday Night Raw in OKC. Oct.10th 10/8c USA
During off season NOLA detoxes, during the season we retox...
a season of the #thewire where marlo and chris hook up would be sick...
you won't do anything lol
haha I remember signing him for tony's team when he was like a 52 overall, little did i know...
Had a great time at Beer Under Glass drinkin our friends beer! thx & 5Rabbit!
#amandaknox is in the courtroom! #itson!
oh my god. dark chocolate ice cream. SO GOOD.
you're at her house damn I wanna come
groundlings tonight can't freakin wait!!
“: some city in south Dakota lol”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lol
You don't count, you know better than that (;
I'm about to kill some one
Dolphins in Malibu.... I feel blessed :-)
my giants won the super bowl woo woo ya
- We are going to send out Xtamina Energy Drink Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" and "DJ Kaios" of Atlanta
no prob, you're a star! ;)
Aww if you ever make a cake for them, be sure it is jalpeno instead of carrot cake? O.o
yea I bet
Why is #MileyOwns2012 trending? Does anyone even listen to her anymore? I haven't heard anything about her in like a year. No. Just no.
YOUR WELCOME.
thanks a bunch :) Both have brought me much happiness, but both remind me how short time can really be.
we are working on new stuff as we speak! Don't worry all will be right again in the world of Le Ninja!
Working on international shipping options.
Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions
Saw an idiot driving a yellow newish Corvette w/ vanity plate OK2DROOL.
haha :/ yeahh but that's good too I guess..
Hi,we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Nah yo... Somebody gotta stop lil ass... She just told me 2 Chainz was her brother!! I'm crying...
One of my favorite parts of the day. My 2 month old baby girl is sleeping on my chest.
you may not be America's idol but you're definitely my idol. (: I'll support you forever, no matter what.
I've had duck fat pecan pie - it can definitely make the leap to dessert.
Sunny day slowing traffic into Detroit, but we're soakin in the vitamin "D".
Heather and I are working with a lady who competes in fitness modeling. A nutrionist and fitness expert heading toward an important goal.
You are the brightest star in my night sky.
$SEFE is gonna squeeze shorts on Monday again... mark my words! Wish I bought it when I wanted (1.78) oh well...
Pork Tropi-Chop w/lettuce, black beans, Guava BBQ sauce? FUHKIN-AYE! Also Swiper (dora) isa DICK!
Thank you everyone at UNI High, you guys are rad!
Anyone have a phone they want to give me:)?
reading a book - fun stuff...after a good walk up to Brusters for an ice cream =)
let others know has workers on his mind. #Teamsters meeting today, endorsement last week
Here I am!!! RT : Can't wait till Nancy Pelosi has to change her Twitter account username... ;-)
Goodnight y'all!
love flying Wish I had more opportunity for it.
Where would you like to see Hot Chocolate next?
???? What's this about shootings??
I love that place. Enjoy the food and scenery
Finally got to see them at Sasquatch Festival last summer. So good.
Love me two times.
welcome aboard Dafye, hope you enjoy my tweets, peace {^_^}
AWESOME I Love And Hate Crying At Sad Movies
Thanks for the coverage yesterday, Cara.
I'm Irish and he still doesn't see me lol
so many years of bumping into thru others we need to connect brother pray all is well! follow me back
Can't wait to see Tottenham nudged out of next season's Champions League when Chelsea win the title on Saturday.
thts awesome! *sigh* not tht many celebs come to where i live;(
Another sleepless night. The older I get the less sleep I need. Maybe in a few more years I'll just stop sleeping.
good to hear! I'm just doing my thing still "fighting still" stay in touch! So weird seeing your last name like that.
For a listing of restaurants available swing my an interactive directory in the Airport Mall or grab a coupon book.
Slays metronomes, werddddd SON!
thanks goodluck on your project wensday! Now go to bed young lady it's getting late! Haha :)
Haha! I'm obsessed :) I camped out with Livy Rosenzweig for 11 hours! loll, we'll talk more about him tonight!
the secret santa gift i received from work was "Cats in Art" sticker book, Littlest Pet Shop stickers, sprees, and a sharpie...thanks?
I swear all niggas are the same, they play that roll like they're different but in the end they jsst want one thnng I'm coo on dudes !
Mandvi is playing a serious role in Margin Call, yet he still makes me laugh. Something about his facial expressions.
UW Coach Bret Bielema said he thinks RB John Clay looks like the John Clay we saw vs. Ohio State. Bielema was interviewed today in Cali
i don't know enough about the law (except what i learn from Law&Order - ha!) to opine one way or the other.
Great Opportunity Available today at Christiana Mall in Delaware. Interested? Give us a call for further information at (800) 359-0407
Great meeting you Chris! The conference was awesome!
Sometimes, letting go is easier than trying again
What's grosser? January Jones eating placenta or Alicia Silverstone bird-feeding her kid?
The liberation of mind and spirit begins with me...Dr Maya Angelou
pinky promise!
Check out skyped interviews of commentators from Berlin, Miami, Atlanta and Oakland @ the African Burial Ground
Good Luck DC, been great watching you in PDX
"This school was very specific when it came to me...to my needs and what I needed to go through..."...
Come on Knicks!!! I need you guys to put a beat down on the Clippers. #GRIZZNATION is counting on you.
I heard a rumor that Ryan Gosling is around too... You should bring your copy of Drive with you everywhere you go.
I never got the invite player
this could come in handy...
Night all. Tweet you tomorrow.
can't wait!!
Tramp Stamp Haiku = my new favorite fake band.
they should be! Standard mail usually takes ten days at the most.
Students $1 to get into our first game Thursday night with your ID. Come watch us get the W.
Screw my favourite subject: '(.
OmG theses rednecks are loud as f#*@
yep. & you stalk a lot of people
lol I remember selling those. Red ones too.
I'm going my own way, my faith has lost it's strenght again. It's been to hard to say we've fallen off the edge again. We're at an end. <3
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" & 4" bring the beauty of real hardwood flooring to you.
Dr. Antonia Novello "to the new generation of Latinos- get educated and be healthy."
miss u more girlie :-)
I feel all different today :l I dunno why.
The green leaf / is finally falling / to find new life in the ground’s warmth
Philip Phillips is killing on #idol right now!
Many groups affiliated with education have posted interesting information lately - worth a look if you don't already follow!
Thanks for the follow, Bailee! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
RT Love Ron Paul) - has some loony ideas, but never afraid to be a wet blanket to redmeat nonsense the mouthbreathers clap at.
for those who dont really know me....take heed to my music!!
by when do you need it?? (: Or is it too late?!):
"Everybody wanna be famous, don't nobody wanna put the work in."
Anthony Davis really needs to get rid of that unibrow
Finished Mass Effect 3. ... yup. :|
How's everyone today ? :)
Many thanks, Jay. I'm a huge fan of service teams; they are the heroes IMO.
Honestly there are no words to describe how AMAZING you are(: Im speech less! You have come so far in such a short time! GREAT
#Cooking in a big kitchen is such luxury (for city-dwellers, esp.). There was no need for kitchen-stampede:-))
I just want to go home..
just signed up for a flash mob this coming May 24th :-)
on a quote roll ""Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far they can go." T.S. Elliot
yes! R u working 2day?
stupid iPhone! Lol. Go hard not hat. Hahaha
yeah, me too. Glad to see they've made the digital conversion
Curious where the term "Boxing Day" came from? #Albuquerque #NM Second Christmas Day.
you going to #aam2012?
Amazing Party Last Night at What a way to close out World Famous Wednesdays and bring in the Thursday Night Parties!
Hi Diane! Just to show support here! I just got a "fake" tweet from your account. Hope you can solve this quickly. Good Luck!! All the best!
Lets C, peanut butter fudge or choc fudge 4 Easter? Decisions, decisions. Wonder what the other member of household wants me 2make??
I can't believe how many stations are on here. Listening to (NY) from Portland, OR. Technology is dope!
Yep, let's do it! Can't wait to see you all! RT : Good morning ABS12 attendees & exhibitors! Let's get this party started!
2 more runners stranded for #UVA in the 5th. Yellow Jackets hold 2-0 lead.
I want to meet someone who's surprised Avengers 2 got greenlit and ask them what their life is like.
#HUMBLEBRAG:“: I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy, and my face hits the mirror.”
all I'm saying is don't expect a text back from me if all you send me is one word or "hahaha". -__-
Boring uniforms! Expecting better.
A5. Not all airlines. Not all banks. Hard to generalize. Utilities, trend =stronger. I dunno about Gov. IRS has impressed me.
@ WEEKEND IT'S GOIN DOWN@@
...but I woud've came back to you.
I don't know if anyone really knows how to qualify or rate teachers…except other teachers.
ugh. so sad that I can't go to 's concert tonight. I've missed them the last 2 times they were here. =( 2010 was so long ago!!!
Let's go get an ice cream
Why do folks think everyone who dies go to heaven?
He did say something about needing a new pimp hat...
Getting goosebumps during this montage.
I really miss my significant other
Brooklyn Borough Park Baby #MentionYourCrush New York City
was amazing, we rolled outta there. Time for a bacon coma, followed by some bacon sweats, tomorrow.
Six Celebrity Beauty Trends You Really DON&#39;T Want To Follow ...
I'm not off work again until next thursday/friday. :\
Nice new car, bud. :3
seriously. your nightmares were obviously contagious although no freddy.
Happy Birthday Beautiful. Again : )
LMAO! RT Yo hipster racism, Imma let you finish but institutional racism is one of the worst racisms of all time.
#Discount #executive #coaching is yours. Email me today (midnite EDT) for incredible deal. Life #breakthrough is yours.
Thank You to everyone who attended AnaJet's Open House this weekend!
best pic of Jeff I've seen to date!
makes everything better. Especially today.
it's expensive, but worth it.
I like the leaning by Doing, Observing, and Reflecting part too.
Flooded with the usual back-to-school excitement and few butterflies that make it worthwhile...going to be a great year!
yaay but anyways how are you?
I know c:
HELP ME TREND #NiallIsBeautiful BY TWEETING ME #NiallIsBeautiful AND TWEETING IT EVERY TIME THAT YOU GO ON!!! please)":
I've found the perfect right-wing sci-fi novel for you!
P.s. I bet all the LA fans wanna hit atleast one person on their TL, wit that World Peace elbow...lol
That's it for the Beach Boys? One song.
Love your website
We used to have great transit in Madison, but I had to buy a car 12 years ago b/c it had been gutted so badly.
7:47 time to beat the meat! not like that you fucking pervs
#LSUARK LSU defense holds Arkansas to a field goal 21-17 Tigers
3 and out needed for Raven backers
that's fucked up
Lookin so RockStar right now!! Just finished Hair and Makeup for my Vampire shoot!!! Crazy Cool!!!
yeah, not bad at all...I'm just stoked for my Germans to take the champions league next week! :)
Late lunch with my loving parents
RT : My dearest Happy Hour App, I love you like daddy loves mommy after 2 bottles of red wine. <3 u, KRGN
Funny everyone at the game saying black eyed peas killed it. Everyone watching on tv says it was awful
I JUST DID.on accident.LOL I USED TO LIKE A 6TH GRADER BUT NOW I LIKE A KID IN OUR GRADE MAYBE YOU KNOW HIM HEHE
Dreaming of calling our LA morning show to talk about her huge interview. What do you say Ms. Winfrey?
of course I have to try and relive the early days...I do wish willis was here
Another golden ticket goes to... ! Ping for details!
Interesting collaboration of information from panel at Finance Conference at AFM.
that's what's up I need to find a woman like you we would get along just fine, so where you live at??
Summer romances
thank you for the follow.
FOLLOW>>> Chck out on ModelMayhem/Lena2010 and Check us out www.plusgamepromotions.com LETS GET IT LES GO!!!!
ah im so confusedd
Because events are too water down right now and too hard to evaluate a player AAU is starting to look like HS Bball one good game a day
crazy friday, on way out to Mart for some fabric shopping, life is good!
thats weird, huh?
Yes! He blocked me so he won't see my tweet but sure! lol
RT I don't think little boys should wear silly bands. (I saw a boy with about 20 yesterday)
You said you liked Maxima before. Do cloisers hate her?
Looking for information about how to manage my 6 year old son's bipolar disorder. Any ideas?
Best way to show people in San Francisco that you ain't from 'round here: Call it "San Fran" or "Frisco"
better be seeing you soon! Have a safe flight if you haven't left yet.
meh.. I'm debating whether be should still be best friend or not for that..
Chef Mark Quitney of is wowing us with the beginnings of his BBQ Shrimp BLT. One viewer says she can smell it through the TV!
I need tomorrow times a million.
Time is going way too slow right now. I just want to be home hanging out with my franz
RT : B L O W E D!wish i felt the same way
It won't be that, I'm afraid. 55 & cloudy or rainy all week.
I agree. I think that problem solving needs more emphasis these days (at least from my exp)
no twitter no phone no gmail
MSFT earnings were strong. Keep an eye on tech stocks tmrw...
having BASS TRYOUTS! contact us if you're down :D in other news: is rad for backing Rampage :) haha
Ugh<<< i hate mondays...they seem lik the most dragin,borin,slowest days of da week ^_^
say hello to falsetto in 3...2..swag..... (: SWAGGIE
WHAT IS THE NUMBER!!!!!!!
Chrome, Firefox progressively got worse until it was nearly unusable.
that's what they want, easier to control a nation.of mindless, ignorant robots rather than a nation of intelligent individuals
Being in this barbershop you could learn spanish, lol.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS
There's a crowd at Baltimore County Council mtg tonight to again testify on transgender anti-discrimination legislation
Congrats... we gotta celebrate your accomplishments on warped tour ;-)
Get rid of schools not offering what you desire in online college programs. Search extensively to be completely satisfied...
OH: "I solemnly vow never to go into Dress Barn."
if i could rearange the alphabet i would put u and i together
Lol I need to make a family tree to keep up with all the relationships I have with various people!
Going with Union Rags
TARGET ANYONE
Steve Jobs notoriously cut CSR at Apple. Did it hurt them?
What's the weather gonna do? Should I pack up my wiener!?
Just because you were worried and concerned for me, doesn't make what you did okay.
^ Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about...
Was going to head into work early like a good intern, then there's a staff meeting...so I'll be at work for like three hours today.
watching the broadcast from yesterday (1/29) with my boys...Y'all JAMMED!!!!!
True, but I have a feeling that he'll start posting a lot more now...
ok i was like damn i will have what you are having!
If your wife made you change the channel, you gotta do what you gotta do. Would u do the same tomorrow :30?
we on the phone now
OPEN AUDITION TONIGHT!!!!! Email for more info on how to become a New York LADY Rebel!!!!
I would like to thank , , and Frazine Taylor for their wonderful genealogy resources for African American research
"Yesterday you said tomorrow" -Nike They also said, "Just Do It."
ok, NOW his twitter is down for good.
btw... I called for my status and it said I'm on backorder... Getting a little nervous here.
Take time today to get "in touch" with your higher power and center yourself today. Allow your mind and body to feel the calm. ~Br. Jeffrey
Helping my Dad do yardwork. This rocks.
Back in the office. SGIA was a huge success!
thanks for the show, I say it was worth wait, keep making good music sir, hail to you
Are you still looking for a great gift for your coworkers? Give them a Gift Card to McMenamins! Special offers avail on bulk purchases.
That of course goes to contest hopefuls.
Civil war is living up to the hype. Go beavers!
thanks for the RT for Austin!! :)
I love you!!!! Oh and you def made a great choice keeping her :-)
So true! RT : Taking time off from work!
lol I don't think Horford woulda made a difference anyway!
if they do, we sure weren't drinking them! ;)
We'll always have Twitter. You were one of the 1st council directors that I met through ODH- can't fathom that it was 5 yrs ago.
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11, Escondido DUI crash victim gives first on camera interview, shows us his injuries.
Awesome shout outs to and #glamwiki in Children's museum partnerships session, re: global partnerships.
Hangin! Making new tunes u?RT : hey dude(s), what's up?
lol I can't say yet she gets it tonight at dinner (:
Many thanks darling! :) We appreciate the RT!
Oh wow!
I b on the same shit lol
Punny, but true!
www.reverbnation.com/troothandthechampagnegang check out the music hot shit meaningful lyrics......
#DMCA No MPAA interns camcording this year. Instead, a teacher hired by DVD/Blu-ray licensing authorities demoing screen capture software.
ikr. Like if something gay wins like I might kill someone...I think kiss actually loves me bcuz they were really nice to me..
Every time I look down at my feet I think to myself I truly do have little piggies. Translation short chubby toes *oink oink*
haha! Hello. I'm starting to use twitter now!
Thanks !! i love you too Laouver :)
V. true! MT : I wish innovation gurus stopped sweet talking us about accepting failure as part of process--never accepted.
Jodie sawyer is on a McDonald's commercial ...guess dancers can eat fast food!
thanks. It really is. Make sure you add your name to our list on our home page so we can invite you to the opening.
Yeah! It's the weekend!.. oh wait, I work weekends, Dammit!
would be a nice night to have Gino show up in honor of Dick Clark's passing.
(Happy Dance) Another pair of tickets to The Dekadent Diva's Summer Cupacke Crawl SOLD!!!
hi nessie! its grandma. how are you?
for u can u shoot me ya email i got the studio too if need be
If you LOVE Food then you must partake in the hashtag #foodiechat on Mondays at 7 pm CST.
I am 13
That's better than being told you look like every male celebrity with dark hair and glasses.
Can I take you to Prom?
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel I subscribe back! :)
stay warm!
everyone is asking who you are. This is all BS to stir up some trouble! Why would anyone do that? Interesting
Damn I wanna see Jones v Evans
The awkward moment when you pull up by someone at a redlight and turn your music down.
Going to do some out door workouts anybody care to join
This week has been a reminder that I function best at work when under deadline pressure.
Every Twitter account is run by a person who could potentially be YOUR customer. Every @ reply you ignore is a CS fail.
If you see me later today please don't ask about my hair. My head hurts so I had to remove anything that wasn't hair ie hairtie, bobby pins
Your talent know no end! Come drive an excavator at my office sometime!
“: Stat of the month: Jets HC Rex Ryan has lost 90 - 90! - pounds this off-season. Props.” not like he had room to gain lbs
same storms are heading towards KC metro area. Should be weakened by then, but keep an eye on them just in case!
Hi Jacob. We've shared all the news that we have right now about 4G in South Bend/Mishawaka.
please tell me that's a deliberate DJ Quik "Mo P***y" reference...
Who's not agree ?? <U+2665>
so I risked it and went and got a coffee. Came back home....no plumber. huh....
Happy LATE Birthday to my BFF ! I love you SO SO MUCH! I miss you like cray cray! Hope to see you real soon.
Vitamin D deficiency is epidemic. Sun exposure is likely not enough to correct low levels.
Way to go now its time to take it to the Texas Rangers! #Youknowyougotproblemswhen your facing !
Reading Departure signs in some big airport...
I'm from Arizona. Where are you from?
Just remembered i saw eric gordan outside of kilroys last night
Don't say that if you're not serious.
#Lollapalooza lineup is #Good not great
Why, oh, why does jury duty come at the most inopportune time?
OUR CONDOLENCES: WE ARE SAD TO REPORT: Avery's Bucket List: 5-Month Old Girl With #Spinal Muscular Atrophy Dies #charity, #nonprofit,
Woah. Rachel just gave me chills with that performance.
Awesome news! Congrats!
Have a great Christmas Eve everybody! Santa is on his way!
Not seen where any of the Copa America games have been televised.
This place was gonna be so much calmer and happier without her and her mom here, ugh
MT President of : “Chronic underfunding threatens the courts’ ability to preserve public safety and resolve civil disputes”
RT RT : What do you think of Herman Cain: 2012 R. President Candidate?---he is an azz clown wit no real platform
How many times do i have to tell this asshole that i don't eat meat simply because i don't want to until he gets it? Ugghhhhh hate
People with their bull shit will never stop... Cause at the end of the day if it did, they would have to much free time... (lmao)...
That's a very generous interpretation, Jim; I suspect, w/o being certain, that that is not what I meant. :-)
Kay, number? lol
I.d.k. why I'm so greedy.
zappo's has outlet stores in vegas (they are based here) and they are so great. scored many a excellent deal!
They said Juan has a chode . He doesn't look like that type .
Such a wide spectrum though, a non-verbal 3 year old doesn't need same treatment as 30 year old with Asperger's
Thanks my man!!
Happy Easter from Rosen Nissan Kia! We hope your day is fantastic.
Can't breathe
Curled my hair after ages! Only if the top knot will stay!
Congratulations Donald Driver.
Den tonight?
RT : Wanted: I will trade a self-inking press for an exhibition outfit of marionettes or a gold watch. IN1891
haha, I saw. We all feel that way.
I know! Even though she moved me she's still pretty nice!
LOL. i do think u're cute just sayin
Haa i had the best fuuucken day with my Bestti Denise.!!(x
please follow me i love you, and you look so cute next to the pugsey bear, wish it was me though!
What's everyone sipping on this morning?
Today can bite me. (Not literally, you vampire-obsessed weirdos)
dick in yoo facee put my dick in yoo face
If you have the will to push your dream that's all you need
<3 Local! RT new local food deliveries: + !
Why the fan in my class fell out the window. LMAO
If I were a witch, I'd want CJ Watson to be my patronus.
This Perdue chicken is so much better then the Tyson. In both quality and taste. Just an overall better product.
Go get em Steve!! Just tried some today & happy to report its awesome!!
My mind is a weapon, what I needa pop a clip fo '
Curling up with The Hunger Games in bed for like the hundredth time. Gotta get ready for FRIDAY!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hello cozy warm bed of mine. Let's go to dream land
Omghee..! Seven From The Reawakening Died No...!!!!!!!
Lose yourself tonight
We love when members visit--you won't be disappointed with the awesome work of &
I want to know how long is in town and whether I need to bust it to Seattle tomorrow.
Have you seen today's Your Turn? could air your comments on First at 4!
I just woke up to a dream that had Samual L Jackson in the MIB. Time to start my Monday.
Although you really dont mind it, i am the lord of your thighs
In addition, you get to learn resume secrets that will help you when it comes to applying for game tester jobs
You are such a powerhouse singer! Little " Reba " :) Loved tonight Keep up the great vocals! My votes are in :) God bless.
the John show tonight was flippin' phenomenal! Seeing it w/ made it a perfect evening!
LOL... I'm glad to hear you're well. :)
hells yeah. Just got up myself.
Plus 10-great tweet!
"that's what she said"...
And at some point, could you address the rumors about either the Kings or Hornets moving to Seattle?
In this tough economy we forget libraries are free! Get a book, support your local library and benefit from your tax dollars and all win!
They're doing OK so far. We talked about it last night, and they got to say goodbye this morning, as we knew it wouldn't be long.
you might try showmewhatswrong.com next time you're doing an IT consult for your parents...
he does with us. He needs to stay a little longer. His tour is gonna be really long this time.
Excited to start the "MarkLogic Server Essentials" class tomorrow. Damn cool technology!
(I just sent you a FB friend request, go accept it so i can stalk)
you're in my gcal!!!!
Writing today about fog-related shipwrecks on Chesapeake Bay.
Megatron should now be called Megadeal
Pancakes are good therapy.
Good for you. I don't have the strength for that...
1D continue to stress me out, i love you, but I'm gonna have gray hair by the time I'm 18.
I wanna be so in love..with Jesus, and whatever man He has for me!
Here's Del Rio vs. Sheamus!
Blocked his shit!
RT : Machine Gun Kelly mad he aint good enough for Coachella. He ignorant as fuck. - at least tag the man u Dum fuck MGK is hard af
I eat too much
Loving new Dr. Dog, Air, Mark Lanegan, Bebe, Sharon Von Etten- Great week for new music releases
I don't think I can:( I have to work a double at nine:(
I've heard a lot of people say that they never worked so hard in their lives as when they were starting their own business. It's TRUE.
Good Luck! :)
Sorry Yankees, LOST comes first... Shit, did I pay my cable bill?
yeah follow she and follow me
I have been naughty this year, but Santa said he likes me more this way
calm down youre only in 9th grade.
Good nite Night Owls.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Like I always say, If the situation presents itself...
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic American Songwriter & Music Connection Magazines, Billboard Magazine Finalists, BEKA & GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Dude. I know. I'm also wearing Spanx and a push up bra.
Soon as I tweet that, Gaborik makes it 2-1. Went off Carlson and in.
I think it's pathetic how you still have your brother check up on me . . . Get over yourself . I DON'T WANT YOU NO MORE !
0 for 2 on contract offers the past 2 days. I hate delivering the bad news to my buyers. :(
We Are Proud Of Jonas and we always will be! :)
damn I wish I could sesh with my mom , that would be TOO funny !
(*~*) you were living in a fairy tale, lmao
At the Met, finally checking out McQueen
Anyone have an extra Radiohead ticket for DC in June?
i feel that
Almost to Indianapolis-Waiting to play Marion, IN this evening @ beatnik's cafe. We brought our sunglasses, rain coats, and doc martens.
how the hell did that happen?? Haha
I'd like to thank my cowl neck dress for saving me these bagel crumbs for later.
CRAPPY DRACULA: The Best Credit Rating in Punk. Conversely, the Worst Credit Rating in Christian Jazz.
Too Funny All efforts of r 2 destroy America not Oil
ive got some great news :)
LOL I was laughing so hard, I started crying! "Luckily I have my backup juice." HAHA! :'D
Obviously, Hoge is as thick as his ties.
Haha. I'm not usually up this 'late'.
Memphis may fire's new album is coming out in June!!!!!
FromJan to Apr of this year Spinn Doctors has had 2607 unique singers at its shows. Come to one tonight at the Milw Ale House or Brat House
VIDEOS FROM SPIKE HILL!
All systems go now. You were a gigantic help! Here's to TEDxAlums sticking together! Thank you!!
Wrapping up final details for next week's #govwebcon. Hope to see many of my gov't web colleagues there!
I don't know what a hig is, but here's a big hug *hug* ^-^
OH: There's gonna be dogs… then there's gonna be dicks
yeah sorry about that. It sent it to all of our followers :-/.
Mustang sally
I'd open up and you'd say...
79 cents a bag at Walgreens!
Loving this #storm!
Anyone from Arkansas?
Having those weird-ass conversations with your friends and thinking if anyone heard us right now, we'd be put in a mental hospital. :)
site read we couldn't vote yet???? or am I just old and senile?? hahaha NO I'm NOT
dont mess with me and my ranch.
Thanks for the compliment!
OH: I'm sitting on a park bench and just farted accidentally too loud while making eye contact with a stranger
Amen, ours was out the day I finally turned it on. 1 call and 1 hour later - fixed. Completely painless to the checkbook!
Im about to eat hamburgers thumbs all the way up
Thanks for following me! Check out the QuickBooks Ultimate Lesson Guide 2011 DVD. 6 disc DVD set w/Book! www.QBLesson.com
He sure does! No argument from me! Lucy at Mistral, too.
thats what i was waiting for, thanks
If u know u wear a 2x and u always squeezing ur ass in a Lrg. Girl js stop and
hey saying hello seeing how your feeling. Hope all is well. Take a picture of puppy and post again soon please. Go to neuro Thurs
I just learned about Celtic Salt. It's suppose to help bring out the essential minerals in food.
Thx 4 tweet about our service! Look forward 2 virtually staging some of ur vacant listings 2 drive buyer traffic!
asked to talk about resilience and I speak from the outside (Fullilove #afta2012)
Friendship is having someone to talk with at anytime!
Why haven't they installed a mirror on cars that only cover your blind spot??
Today the starters gun is more like a cannon.
yeah that would be cool I could throw your some gloves
how are u doing
ONE DAY! I'll Have A Boyfriend That Will Treat Me Right And Not Play Me As One Of Their Video Games.
If you scared of money don't make money
lol u always forget about me lol
Oh that sounds great! I don't have a tramp though, I may have to invest in one! Wow, you just gave me more than one idea. Thanks!
I'm gonna start listening to heavy metal & put it really loud so people would be scared to sit next to me
THUMBTACK THURSDAY!!
Avoiding the crowds and chilling by the sea in Edmonds with the BTs
heyy it would be so amazing if you followed me! :) <3 MAHOMIES FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
Hey thanks for the mention! Much Success to ya :)
I think I be to early for job interviews
hey people whats up
Why must I always be seated next to the largest person on a flight? ESP ones delayed by over an hr
We were at Sports Authority & a woman wearing a customer service shirt cut Freddy in line & then insulted him.
lol its cool :) ive been in and out of the hospital anyways /:
Tiger just said he'd be looking to "hit Fairways + Greens" this weekend. Just another fan of our award-winning magazine.
last day in NY city. i had so much fun..... going home for 1 day & then going to Indianapolis
if you can tweet pics from the Matchbox Twenty show tonight it would be greatly appreciated
#ilaughalotwhen its snowin & someone walks in to a buildin n slips I know I shouldnt but I run to another room to laugh so they don't see me
Sorry. RT : #ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When their boyfriend has a job.
My honest impressions of the Insight: The backseat is pretty uncomfortable and it's hard to see out the back window.
the author tour continues: 2pm Valley Cottage Lib and 4pm at Suffern Lib. This Saturday! You're invited!
Thanks stud!
About to hit the "Big-Time" once again. Updates later this week as details unfold! Exciting!
lol why u love kissing me? hehe
If you ain't lovin' hard you not lovin' at all.
wanna hang?
ah, yes. Gobs o natives.
Anyone else give up Republican debates for Lent?
0 # disappointed Cowboys fan
We certainly agree :)
Choke, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist, now listening to mr
Which is your favorite? RT : yes I'm so happy too I use lots of products.
That is now 2 people today alone contacting me to to warn me of what is coming. My eyes are open.
When your teacher shoes you his feet during class bcuz he's missing a toe. LMAO!
I still have homework..?
I have the most selfish, self-distructing aunt in the world. <U+E40E>
A large part of mankind is angry not with the sins, but with the sinners. Seneca
Phila. had community kids paint and entire fleet of recycling trucks: "Ever since i've had art on my truck, people talk to me!" - JGolden
Who's all going to the 8th grade finale? #BoutToHaveSomeFun!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thank you it was awesome!
chilling with the funniest of people xD
When you really matter to someone, they will always make time for you. No excuses, no lies, and no broken promises.
Yayyyy!!!!! RT “: OK it is NOW official--Manning on waiver wire--is an unrestricted free agent.”
loved my bear hug ! <3
A kind and caring man has left us...RIP Pops
Agreed. I think there is a link btwn anti-intellectual sentiments and anti-artist ones.
What do you have in mind big man?
I'm a sneaky SOB
Attending the VMware knowledge series event this morning.
What a bizarre conclusion, the "Great Leap" was the deadly part. #Forward is also the progressive motto of Wisconsin.
Are you angry at the person or thing that forces you to think, or at your own resistance to do so? Stretch.
The tears roll silently down my cheek...and you're not here to catch them anymore...the happy ever after we dreamed of becomes a memory...
Hi Kate. Thank you for your follow. Hope our paths cross at @ Grub Street.
“: miss our tweetable moments ” me too
Tweet 8k goes out to all my MILF followers, you know who you are. Stay sexy bitches!
it was nice knowing you.. i will go to your funeral (:
im supposed to be off till the end of the weekend, why do i keep coming back to the office??? someone tell me to go home or something
I tried to sit like and I think I burst something. Who sits like that??
CHRISTMAS LIGHTS? WHAT! It's APRIL
oh & ignore my fb post. Lol
sorry i missed yesterday! i was sick, and unfortunately still am.
aloot of people are so amazing and the rest are really not worth it.
When are you going to have Heidecker and Wood on as special guest performers/clinicians?
Just booked the best room downtown L.A. that $80 can buy. I hope it has a rooftop pool, spa services and cute bellboys, hahaha.
Going to sleep. Comp it the mornin.
FUCK YOU BITCH. ": The caps lock key is not cruise control for cool."
My boyfriend always keeps a smile on my face ^_^
RT : Showing <U+2764> <U+270C> GoodMorning <U+263A> #Nf. ... I'm following back!!! Thanks for the LOVE!!!
Lots of cool stuff at ASDS meeting. Live demo of Dot DEKA CO2 laser...eMatrix, e2, ePrime. Controversy-Dr. Zachary unleashed a can of whoo
To our Twitter friends at #MarketMix what has been your favorite part so far?
Also want some seafood...
A new season of Spartacus!
A lot do in SA! $10 a month for a cat!! RT : I just heard about an apartment complex charging "pet rent." Is this a new thing??
I do not like super needy, clingy people. Especially when I'm tired. Stop.
At the library finally gettn a chance to try this tablet out. So far I'm lovin it :-)
aww, me too! LA needs more of you!!
would certainly drown out the lawn mowers but his tunes are...distracting.
btw, I hope you have an excellent day today, tink
I Fangirled because followed me<33 thank you(:
... True lasting reward comes when your ACHIEVEMENTS Help others!
Lots of upgrades and add-on's coming in the next 60 Second Shirt (shop)
CANNOT wait for #EDCNY! This line up will make my day :)
You really 10k-ing? What race is it?
OH in a nearby office: "I REALLY want a fireworks show."
Excellence personified in her performing gifts and in her home going celebration. Thanks for sharing!
my 11:11 wish is to meet you. A follow back would be nice too (: <3
I can't wait to get away from here I can't do shit without somebody trying to spy or feeling like I'm being sneaky
Check it out!!! www.arillenblaylock.com
The fact that #stopkony is trending right next to #youowemehead really exemplifies the world we live in.
You talk as if you imperial
I never understood why people hate kids so much, until today.
Know ur heartbroken Prayers r w U Plz ck my DM re solution to MA's twt ...r artists n mu contributors 2 b acknwldgd while alive
I MISS YOU RIAN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!!
Follow the band!
Health Insurance of Florida, Inc. represents several major national and local Insurance providers.
Thanks we appreciate the love!
Making a Liszt and checking it twice...
I appreciate your site so much. Thank you for all the hard work, Happy New Year!
#FF my bro If you don't follow him go ahead and just delete your account.
makes you want to holla, doesn't it? just bringing up the topic hurts.
Convinced matty Desperado worth watching. Mentioned guns- took salma hayek's boobs 2 get him 2 press play. Should start with that in future.
follow back
~ Hey Rob, I'm looking fora couple of leaders in Canada. www.millionsdrinkcoffee.com
hows the relationship with Ron going?!?
Throat KILLS, feels like I have asthma again. Was it from practice?! I hope not!
how so?
I don't want the Patriots here in Indy..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
This isnt a good day, really tired & in a bad mood.
thanks, I did body pump or something instead. It was with weights. I feel awesome now :) I love the !
is a scam! Don't buy from them! If you do it will be nothing but trouble! You will be lucky if you ever get what you paid 4!
RT : What's your late night go-to restaurant?
oh. okay.
indeed i do. quite possibly the best street name in the city.
Love the snow... Way better than the rain, especially for my hair!!!
Thanks, Miranda
I guess a nigga posed to just stay sick now a days.:
True story: I get motion sickness from doing newspapers on microfilm. I have to take dramamine.
LMFAO. oh those two songs. they never fail to get stuck in your head. hahaha
yeah love is so intoxicating that people are just like duh i want this moment to last forever lmao most say screw this im on it, drivem nuts
haha I'm laying in bed too watching cartoons :P goodnight boo
Congrats to both of you man!
Not all guys are the same.
LOVE the cover Miranda! You are one GORGEOUS woman! Hope for Women Magazine would like to connect with you too!:)
LUCKeSHOPPER Coming to you in 2011
good morning!!! you're up early, busy day? :)
Happy Birthday Ethan :D Cutest little thinng evverrr!
yeah take care of us, or we'll have you in the speculative fiction section!
Thanks for the RT! Great thought about the "blank yellow pad" Sometimes I think even the best CRM can get in the way.
Read my tweet !! And say to austin to tweet me i very dont feel :(
Happy New Year!!!! Be safe and Choose to CELEBRATE!!!
Watching people run red lights in Cranberry with Slow down early drivers!
So the baby daddy gets a house lol n expects me to rush in with him !!! Tha fuck? R yu out of yr mind mf
Is it crowded there still?
i just realized that i missed my wish:c
haha! Have you been to Sullivans on Thursday's??? Awesome happy hour specials.
personally I like to play five a side football while watching TV although carrying the remote is annoying
Use Promo Code: fb8nov for today's $5 Off any large pizza online
You're welcome. ^-^
uh-oh - should i find a different route?
I hope you will build the eco-resort. Sounds great!!
Q2: many are unconcerned if the students have learned at all as long as the # on the transcript is good.
To come to school for a half day in the morning or not
Sure. Imagine the jokes LBJ and Nixon would've suffered if social media had been around in their times. Tweets alone ...
What would Steve Jobs do?
Heat 1: Stockon comes to a stop in turn 2 bringing out the yellow.
OUR GENERATION doesn't ring the doorbell. We text or call to say we're outside.
Way cool, Melody Eisler is here. She came to her 1st STIA as a member of the Idaho SPLAT team & carrys on the work.
The lights in our section just went out. I think they were on a motion sensor timer?
Just finished Saint Patrick's day article for -- stay tuned!
Much gratitude for your stellar article. xxoo
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!!
Being a girl for once and getting my nails and toes done <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
I need to wear dress shoes everyday to work...u would understand them then
that Braxton show is a hot mess. Its worse than Housewives of Atlanta.
Former top Israeli general says explosions that reportedly hit Iranian nuclear ...
A simple but sincere 'thank you" can have such an amazing effect. A polite client just made my day. Makes me work so much harder & happier.
would you really? :)
How do we feel about high waisted booty shorts? Y/N?
Just letting you know that the song is 10x better.
You know your blog has made it big when some bot tries to spam the comments 10 times in 1 hour.
I don't ask for much, just the ability to sleep in a little would be nice.
"Sunglasses and advil..... Last night was mad real"
Vegas? In JUNE!! xo
Nice intro Billy!
Hope to see you at Lambeau. I'll be pulling for the Saints next weekend. Thanks for a great Fantasy Football year, too.
thank you for the advice on tanning for a pale person like me. <3
locked outside my house .__>
This weather is amazing!
Angel In a New Dress
Free Beer Friday topic: In a perfect sports world...(fill the blank). Take your time, brainstorm, and email or call in with your entries!
Later coconut grove.
Thanks for your support ! As much as we're looking forward to hearing from you and other real women out there!
Thanks, great daily!
when people think they're a rapper cuz they know "all the words" to a rap song. please tell me more about you're talent!
is tweeting and retweeting like crazy tonight
Thanks for the retweet!
or honey. I hate honey.
cant wait to go on our cruise!
We're super excited too! Will do!
"If what you're doing is not your passion, you have nothing to lose."
Good connecting with you man!
For a guy who likes the clean lines and order of mid-century modern design, I live in the most chaotic unorganized spaces imaginable.
i think i am :(
Thanks for following !
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar
I just want to be happy.
RT : in case you didn't know, it is legal to marry your first cousin in #NC, just not your #gay one.
missed me!
Haha I LOVE it!
First class...Econ...should be fun!!
Gobble gobble.
The clock is speeding. I'm calling the cops while I procrastinate.
Whoa! That's a lot of hops.
hey #Teambreezy :D
watch out for my nuts -_- “: Falling coconuts kill 150 people every year.”
just got some new gear. hyped to use it tomorrow at the SULTANS OF SWAG SHOW
that's what she said lmao
Voice is gone, bodies covered in sweat and this les paul is too heavy.... but, ya know..I love this :)
What song of Rihanna's or Katy Perry's u wish was urs?
Nope:) Just come find us and we will hang out! :D
OH YEAH ROSS!
There is not nearly 60 inches of snow. Sorry to disappoint! lol
Looking for (affordable) freelance video editors to work on a 3 minute clip!!
woke up this mornin. Took a hit on the lyzer. Blew a .11 yup. I'm Back baby! Gotta love wedding season.
. Sipping Tea ALL DAY LONG! running to the right daily! Fox cld use U
>> We Provide Quality #Specialty Items…Discounts Available…FREE Shipping
heck yeah buddy!
It's official...I'll be attending this fall and interning at So excited!
Bitch u aint no barbie I see u work at arby number 2 super size HURRY UP im starving!!
- not paying attention to your curves while blocking in stepped. You may get some ugly surprises when you go to spline
Cheater! cc RT : Trying to steal ipodschun's Mayorship from Little Italy lol! (@ Rinse Salon)
I hope they get rid of that bitch Alicia
RT for your chance to win 2 tix to see presents w/ & at on May 15th!!
The more people who try to tell you you're wrong and silence you the higher the probability you are in the right. Keep on truckin'!!
Great discussion about rethinking the safety net. Now off to the breakout sessions!
The sitter
knowledge is context
You like old southern woman?
We are so happy you enjoyed your stay with us, Marissa! What was your favorite part of the trip?
Somebody in my building tried to tell me it should be illegal to eat fries in the elevator. I laughed. :)
Thanks for the RT. I appreciate it.
Man some people have creepy Twitter pictures.
still don't understand what i am doing....
“: I need to get more than 7 hours a sleep. At least 8 would be nice.” i'm lucky to get more than 3 hours.
wat up big bro
I have the urge to go to Von's and spend my textbook buyback money on vinyl.
Choices you make early become health habits. So critical to set the foundation.
Love the iheart radio app on my Android! Awesome widget!
...Within 10 years, U.S. businesses would pay an added $430 billion in transportation costs...
Not impressed with the lodging options in Ojai for July :/
I'm in NYC or we would be going
it. is........ They don't add vanilla ice cream & many sugar as McDonalds does(:
They sure do talk a lot In woody Allen movies.
What are your weekend plans?! We have availabilities....jump on board and take advantage of our December Holiday Discounts!!!
Hating ass Bitches <<<<
Please #follow our
thank you for joining us Mike!
what the num!!
Sad to check out of the today. Such a lovely time
BEAUTIFUL! Getting my card ready! ;)
Gone With the Wind!!!! Casablanca!!!
No one asked me, but: worrying.
are my tweets protected? can you retweet my tweets? someone help! haha
is kobe going 2 take Westbrook game 2...or focus more on.scoring?
You are the bestest EVER!!! I think it's working!
“: I just scratched my ..... in bed . Insert your own word .” Arse
I want the Brazilian butt lift dvd..hmm,I wonder does...As seen on tv.. got it
come on by and visit us - check out our innovative approach to outpatient healthcare services.
Twitter proves to be educational. Currently trending: #WaysToMakeAGirlSmile. Take note boys...and girls. Let's not discriminate.
We are not being punished for what Adam and Eve did, we are being punished for what we are doing.
well, if you want to get technical
Cake ice cream and moviee don't forget nutella and popcorn<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327>
Home tip of the week: After installing fiberglass, clean off your skin by spraying only - do not rub while washing.
Sometimes you gotta swallow pride .
since your spending so long in Daytona. You ready to come back in July?
As expected, Wilson Ramos ACL as casualty count continues to rise in MLB...
you know.
yeah it it cold and snowy and i have high heels on.. I'm cold!
Taking some time off at the moment, but thanks so much for thinking of me :)
Awesome! Love nature with kids!
Twitter was already accepting registrations in early July 2006 - it just wasn't well publicized.
I didn't say anything
Shows all month every 4-5 days until Aug. 15th. Stay posted for dates of shows and events. Thanks for all the love and support.
I don't own one but have test driven. It'd be tight to sleep, and there are better cars for mileage depending on your budget.
Ah fires have been put out. Back to inventorying the #PealeBCLM 8x10 inch film negatives.
Quick dinner break (if I can pull myself away from #saa09 tweets), then SSA mixer at Moonshine, UNC SILS mixer, and funky fresh ACA bash.
sucks. Fumbles will do it. Nice run in Chell. Love that game. U play in the FIFA at all?
thanks! I'm rather smitten with the whole thing myself!
Who wants a free white iphone 4 I found
Grove is open today and tomorrow the Will & Pop's food truck will be visiting and we'll have live music. All starting at 11:30am.
Babe I really like you
I want to learn about 'seat belt'!
that's for sure
Thank you, Kelly!
*kiss* you too!
lmao.. that commercial is epic..
have a great week w They need to make this move already!!! Tweet it everyone!!!
If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't airbrushing and photoshop be illegal for models?
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse all want to be the Carrie of the group
David stern needs to rehire tim donaghy to make sure we have a lakers-heat final !
and to collaborate on TV show = the headline I hope to read every day. Can either of you make it happen?
Pervasive feeling: "Do more with less" Increasing demand, decreasing support. No longer the only game in town.
Tom Shadyac -- it's not just going green, the green has to go...as in $$$ must go back out & be shared as a resource
if only i looked like emma watson...omfg
A night in Paris @ The Anchor .... one week to go .. March The 8th !!!! NYC ru ready ??
Oh so bored i really need some friends in this city
herb:P
I think you get McCann on a buy low but as of now its a slight downgrade at closer. Closers have been so iffy this year.
TITA: If my last name was: "RETNA" I'd name my son: D'Tacht #Bujah!!! LoL :D
mission accomplished :b
Did you ask why they wouldn't have let you in? I'd like to know. Best Wishes!
lol. i hope your wifi dies, bitch.
NO! I'm on tweet limit on my main account !
thays the first thing she questioned when we hung up...dont disappoint her...lol
mark your calendars for september 29th !!!
I wont be able to make it. Thats when we graduate too! I will send you somethin instead. Where you plannin on goin to college?
don't worry, it flew over mine as well!!
Masters Nationals Slalom, GS & SG in Park City next year. DH will be at Ski Cooper (Leadville, CO)
This bitch really needs to leave my boyfriend alone. You had tour chance. and were 8 months and GOING STRONG. not goin anywhere bitch :)
Men...in a church culture that is Jezebel influenced(non- gender specific) stay focus on the Pattern what is th pattern, Jesus!
It's Tuesday booze day and this full figured gal is ready to suck the alcohol out of a deodorant stick!
"duh duh..duh" cant even talk on live television lol t t today junior!
This week is PALS' PLACE, a monthly party for Teens with Autism. We have a blast.
Alexander Hamilton Love Quote of the DayTo fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
you give cops too much credit. they have no power. our issue is with corrupt banks, corporations, biggov, censorship
I miss wish he was up here to run the city with me..
Thank the universe for your amazing life!
Little reunion with Jessica and the crew:) hella missed them!
What did you think of Me on the #RHOA Reunion? hehe
Great NBA double header tonight.
Weekend activity! Your house - carve a pumpkin.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me,<3
looking to get rid of my boxes of old notebooks and I'm too clumsy to not lose a $100 pen. :)
RT : ": The most successful people crave improvement, it fuels the engine of their drive.
I read somewhere that you're awesome.
it is part of our overall plan to improve each year...let us know how we did.
In fact, you both are extremely beautiful. :)
donation of my blood=complete
Winner of Game 2 in each of the past 3 #Pens/#Flyers series has gone on to win the series.
Baby who you tryna fool?
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
no like I can't see anything, not even to log in to the comp
"Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional." --Chili Davis
Fake early deadlines that you kill yourself to meet and then they don't even glance at the piece for days or weeks.
i know what you mean man! Gimme a holla when u need something!
I have this on a VHS tape.
Where should I go for my next vacation? Somewhere I haven't been, fairly affordable and safe for women traveling? Pref Spanish speaking
Stuck between not caring at all and caring too much.
It's almost da weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Small sample size theater,: Philly has been the best offensive team in <5 mins <5 pts "clutch" situations this postseason.
In the kitchen with my 2yo eating cheese by the single slice.
Thank you for the #FF. Have a good weekend!
I'm upset now smh
Let me explain my loyalty. I was born and raised in Madison, WI. I wasted HS but back in those days top 50% in class, automatic into UW
thank you!
don't listen to them! you are dead sexy when you sing! leg twists and all. never stop
Its raining.. #oomf needs to be here to cuddle.. <3 ;p
Somebody just retweeted one of my tweets from 2 weeks ago.. <U+E40D>
Hell no. Im not about to listen to gospel music all night. Fuck this.
Why didn't the iPhone guy make water proof phones!!!!! :O i so would've bought one!!
All I want is you #nowthatyou'regone
What's your favorite sayin' from the Color Purple?
I'll pay you back.
That awkward moment when a stranger in a cafe starts talking to you because he doesn't realize you're listening in on a conference call.
The only words that ever satisfied me as describing Nature are the terms used in fairy books, charm, spell, enchantment. They ex
damn straight. turtle power >
Good Morning Beauties! “The important thing is not to stop questioning.”-- Albert Einstein Have a great day!
If he plays well, there will be a trade available where #Cavs get assets in return for Baron move. Everyone that scared of pouting Davis?
lol, not to the cat man!
#OWIF: I think this truck is heading to Davenport, from what I could make of the driver's language. Does anyone speak Basque?
they were but r unbeatable
Hey, Hey, Hey!
Thinking about "any initiative that requires 100% buy in from the start will fail"
I will witness your destruction at the hands of live on ppv
Thank you for all the hard work!
LeBron goes hard. You ready to give him his due?
Sup tweeps! Anyone have an interesting figure from history for me to write a song about?
yea i do see....are you a girl? just wondering haha
#RememberHow we used to love eachother , the way you told me that you could never love another <U+E328>
Notice how in some I say it differently, that should give you a clue ;)
@ Wash Univ. Fall Festival today - great game - Wash U 24 College of Wooster 20
Tired & headachey. Want to sleep.
Mitt Romney says he is known for bringing back failing companies... He has sure done that for Ohio Art and their Etch-a-Sketch.
finish a great session on creating your personal brand the attendees were wonderful!
Happy New Year! <3
friday has been changed forever..
oh wow you lost your bestfriend jasmin you poor thing ....that sucks
All day I see tweets about what men should do.. so I'm guessing every woman in a relationship is the perfect girlfriend?
Had to smile at the student writing a finding aid bio note who thought "Beantown, Massachusetts" was a real place name.
Have to come up with a list favorite films and limit it to 20! I love hundreds of films, this is tough stuff.
Woke up feeling a lot better today! Time to make some things happen!!
#AdvMailSvcs - We're on the leading edge of traditional & digital mailing systems for businesses. Call us today. 505-899-3104
oh i thought i seen you there lol.
- will i see you tonight at #GOAP party?
Scarves around the neck and porcupine hats are "hot" this spring as worn by The Who at Super Bowl 44.
You swim and swim and swim and then nothing happens , so you turn it off
Vin Scully: "I'm fed up...this is the last new owner press conference I will ever attend!!!"
yah, just coolin watching this brewers game down on the east side what u on
True. I love Angelo Badalamenti and Barry Adamson's work. I still remember buying the CD as a BC prospective.
Have you been to Thrive Lunch yet!? Every Thursday 1130am :)
Child visitor at your Home & Studio today asked if I was you. If only I had that much hair.
&#39;Myology&#39; is winning word at senior spelling bee in Pembroke Pines
Every time I read about il duce in history I think about that episode of Gilmore Girls when Lorelai calls the Headmaster that.
missing my personal Tweeter.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon
i'm trying not to think about you, can't you just let me be
Put egg beaters in my tea this am instead of creamer. Fail. Good thing I caught it before my first sip.
Viva La Vida is on the radio (': I can picture the boys shaking their shoulders in my head<3
so make it better. im marvelous
Hahahahaha! Your mom is funny as hell.
It's Friday and the weekend is almost here! Who's ready for this weeks 2-Day Sale?? :)
RT : LOVE BOMBBOMB! RT : Nice use of sticker [thanks for coming!]
RT What a beautiful and amazing tribute. She was a genius. All hail.
Orioles have returned. They raise one brood and move on.
I'm watching the one where John Goodman takes over.
babies talking and being disrespectful
I enjoyed our phone conversation. I guess we're getting back to where we used to be. Good. Let it stay that way. I miss how things were.
Congrats ! You officially have the worst return policy in the world. Good job losing a customer. I'll applaud when you go bankrupt.
LMFAOOO (Anthony laugh)
oh hey guess what I'm ready for June 19th and for the #BELIEVETOUR <3 I love you (:
“Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.”
who is c walls? do i know him too?
Not as a source - it's a look at how ceramic practice is portrayed in popular culture.
text me now
"We Distribute" your ad sleeves to coffee shops for you, FREE of charge...
nice friday evening watching season 5 of #dexter!
The three fantastic fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Just dont get in your bed. Thats the worst!
Teaching OCF social media today.
Keith, my name is Keith...
At #SXSW, Al Gore said democracy has been hacked so we must occupy it. Just as well to say it has been occupied and must hack it.
haha, love you!
Just a generation ago, the US had the highest proportion of graduates in the world. Now it is 16th.
Tonights dinner menu! T bone steaks on an open campfire , macroni salad , homemade spicy baked beans and sweet corn bread. Smores for desert
Lets make this happen!! when and where?:)
check out the new site, www.nwboatsports.com
nxjsmxldnde WTF? YOU ARE NOT FAT :o
LOL Will do! Great to meet you. RT : Hi Vicky say hi to your mom
Tom Snyder - "Twitter in Training & Education" -- hands on workshop
Bad Girls Club Reunion part 2 !
#oomf always been catching my eye in the halls ( : he knows who he is !
We are offering a Harold intensive with a performance in February. Teaching the intensive is Marc Moritz. All details coming soon.
To Dapper
Chiana:I like to have a quick snooze before nap time.
let me know when ur ready 2 buy/invest in Buckhead homes. Check my site www.buyandsellatlantaproperties.com
Garcetti's 3 things: Cultural Tourism, Celebrate our Villages, Create a Major Music Festival and #Ciclavia every month.
i didn't think of that. I just don't like Will F. sorry just cringe when i see him :-[
We will remember the titles, the rest will fade. We're gonna miss you in L.A., Diesel.
I kno someone that thinks ur superhott,but he made me promise not to blow his cover
BRILLIANT. Except boss telecommutes haha!
Could not be a happier person, drinking Budweisers in the back of a Land Rover on the way to Vail to see The Flaming Lips with my boy Matt.
get here before 7 please.
so glad its the weekendd. :3
We've got #MNF & we're serving up our new Specialty Drinks. Come enjoy a refreshing Orange Crush or maybe a Knockout Punch! #DOit!
Crystal def had mary's phone
It is! I didn't realize everything was closed this weekend and I have to return a book but we leave Tuesday morning :/
hahahaha! I would never do that
Guess what I got for Mother’s Day? A framed limited edition painting of Aaron! To quote a famous movie line, “I’m mad with joy!”
Bought a new dress. And some new shoes. I'm so excited.
I Love You
Playing Jess Jess Jessie J ;)
after my patdown at sfo left 10 min early!!! WITH MY BAG!! not going to church w grandma for Easter
cheatings not an accident. fallin dwn the steps is an accident u dnt just trip & fall in2 some1s pussy or on some1s dick.
Gone with the Wind is definitely among my favorite movies adapted from books.
yeah. I have too. Arguing abt it gets old but it's so weird that people are so freaked out by it.
Impossible :D
trans am just shared a gluten-free vegan cookie, now playing quarters with Colt 45.
S/O to all my followers... Thanks for your support and interest.
right on, does that mean I get to be a future then? ;)
"You take your car to work, I'll take my board...." (via )
I TRIED!
and sarah put "Rumored";) or something weird.
Should have stayed home today. My patience level is way too low to have left the house at all.
I think you got me sick! I have started feeling poopy today!!
Join us Feb. 7, 5pm to close w/ - 50% sales benefit Sunshine Division!
Lol RT “: I bet it's uncomfortable watching American Psycho with Mitt Romney laughing and relating to all the wrong parts.”
Yay! Can't wait to see you!
I can't believe I used to have a crush on them ugly ass hoodrats back in new waverly
Everyone knows Thursday night is the best college night. Who's going out tonight?
austin do u ever not eat in olive grden? Ive there once
Just short of 3% of current workforce has been shifted to #disability vs being unemployed since 08...that makes #unemployment at least 11.1%
Truly unfortunate. Taught there on contract 2001-2003. Signs of tensions then. I guess things never got resolved.
Would you alllllwaaaays, maybe sometimes, make it eaaaassayyy? Take ya time.
Interesting that Geraldo Rivera doesn't understand that latinos might be more likely to be searched or on the no-fly list.
luck was on our side today! and i got great seats for the wilco show at the strathmore on march 30. really, really excited for it.
Just listing to music and chilling
So you gave him access to your outdoor outlets, of course :)
can we use the photo from the plane incident for WGN TV? We can credit you. Please let me know, thanks!
Jaiden is a lazy bitch and his ass needs to get in class right now or his name aint goin on this project, I swear that kid just cheeses me
"And we should text." No,just no.omg.
I heard John Harbaugh tripped an old lady because their was only one squash left at Giant. Hey, she didn't go 13-3!
was your God bigger this morning?
where is your dad. U all better behave. Lol
. Thanks Jerry! We definitely believe that there is no one-size fits all approach, especially in a such dynamic industry.
It Is what it is
Four Brown Pelicans over the bay off the Embarcadero is an odd sight for mid-January, are these four late to migrate or sitting it out?
Is really doing it BIG this year #nodoubt!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your info
are you sad miobi is over? I am :( i really was crying when i watched the last episode
Have not attended PNWA. I see that it will be at the Seattle Hilton this year. I may register - looks interesting.
oh thank you xD *bows*
certainly will be the kiss of death for them
RT : People change "when they see a value in it for themselves." #BGLab Team's Rachel on making cities, 1 person at a time:...
Dont take it personally and dont dwell on it
I remember songs like St. Elmo"s Fire used to inspire me...
2nd Annual Pigs in a Blanket includes an entry w/an actual pig's head & feet.
see you should talk to me more and that wouldn't be a problem lol
we are at nwk conservancy's "beds & breakfast" workshop!! #fb so much info n great networking op
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” Mahatma Gandhi
BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ
I miss my baby..!!
well hey there #wangotango! so excited to see you on the just now!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Samantha knows what's up!! ;D
Its the funniest show ever. Vinegar strokes, pretty dick, plaxidentially shooting yourself, great cast. Definitely a watch.
I've never been so impatient to leave chemistry
REMINDER! With a valid I.D, students always receive 20% REGULAR priced U.V #tanning packages!!
hello sexy!!
I was gonna play softball last summer but I met my bf right as the season was starting and I never made it to first practice
Yes, you definitely deserve a nap. We're open 10-6. See you tomorrow!
: Let's have a markup hearing for the Online Poker Act. With the DoJ decision, it's time to act! Thank you.
Realized that our kitten has a personality, and he's a jerk. He's always biting and he complains constantly.
if u enjoyed Mr. Wells book u should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies Detroit based street love drama. Follow x
I have to keep up with Different issues though lol
Can someone please teach me how to do the wobble dance lol
I think i'm addicted to BBC tv shows. I can't do work, I can't concentrate...I want my BBC!!!!
is staying pretty interesting. 5 players still potentially in it.
D'aawww I'm sorry I didn't see this! But I was avoiding all festivities, opting to read a book and count the sirens instead.
IMO, seems like a perfect opp to reach out to #pubmedia member stations who have extra capacity (say, uni licensees)
#wiunion and friends, leaving for hospital about noon. Prep starts at 1. Surgery at 3:30. 5 hours later will be finished if goes well.
shieet we can do the fetty clap with 100mil, ms we miss u! Lol
did u get a new phone?
The second it gets a little cold, I bring back the button downs and long pants.
Provide resources and have teams create paper chains in a factory setting to see how different technologies impact production
hey Gabe, we may engage ! with some new disruptions in social energy game mechanics over live energy data :-)
Yeah, but there's "less smart" and then there's hiking sandals, y'know?
ok I have only 114 character so what am I suppose to do writing paragraph
Really? That makes 3 other schools without an emphasis on finals. LSU needs to get with the program ;-)!
John by Lil Wayne feat. Rick Ross is THE best running song ever!
It looks like subtle sophistry
how much?
That's great. Big fan and been wanting to learn but I'm so injury-prone... we will see tho. Tempted! :D
I will look into gamma world 4. If you ever get bored check out philip jose farmers the world of tiers series,
trying to run over everyone between 21 and 75.
o anytime. Love to! Come see me! Or lat's meet somewhere tasty!
work really hard and wish on a few stars. Still long way for me to go though...don't be too jealous trust me :-)
“: I've had the album on replay walking to classes!! love love it!!” that makes me :)
Next month is my birthday yay can't belive Ill be 15 just seems like yesterday I was born
I LIKE THE FACT THAT YOU ARE HAPPY MOST OF THE TIME. I LOVE the SUNSHINE!!!
think I just wanna come home that bad
johnathan is gay too...his name is a mix between john and nathan...how gay....
count me in!
Some people are really OLD. Most people who are really OLD really shouldn't DRIVE.
I Followed Back! :]
Glad to hear you are enjoying the book and Ole the Viking, thank you. /cc
Spent the afternoon dumping my perfectly-good collection of sweater vests.
YoU MaKe Me FeEl LiKe A
You would think that after all the Jews went through in WWII that they would not treat others like that but they kill Palestine children.
im learnin martial arts n kung fu n shit when i get to college
We are excited to have you onboard!
Drinks and dinner w/2 of my favs...Babe and
Thanks for the follow! Keep in touch!
On this day in 1966, Pink Floyd appeared for the first time at The Marquee in Wardour Street, London, England.
Just picked up my Us Weekly(: My favorite part is the cover<3
We saw it in Tampa!
Let me fuck the world off, just for you.
Join this webinar to learn whether the speed at which the Republicans elect their front man has an impact on investments....
#CanadianTweets MT I got Tim Hortons once this week - how are there four empty cups in my trash in my office
you know about him lol
oh that's dissapointing.none the less thanks for replying!
Great choice <3 Love you!
Yes, thanks for the great service! : RT : Thanks to in N Austin for hosting us
IM A WILDBOY
some of these fucking guys. ridonkulous.
Local construction workers protest out-of-state contractors for pipeline project - WTOV Steubenville
hmm. Well, looks like you had one for me. Was wondering where u were re: Greys!
Stop being so motivational it makes me want to do workRT" : We cannot become what we need to be,remaining what we are."
And Keith is a solid reporter as well. I'll still be watching.
#harlem Absolute Beginners class happening in 5 minutes !
In another moment #perhaps. Heading back n I'm
RT : Started using this week for , and absolutely loving it. I think we'll be sticking with it :-)
Hanging out with and little sis
Spending time this morning getting ready for the beginning of our recording this week. We start tracking on Wednesday and Thursday.
dear tbell, i hope you burn to the ground before 5.
I don't dread death simply because I think it's a transition. Our souls can not be destroyed. I know we are going to live in another life.
First day back to work since wreck... Its rough but I'm making it. Missing my #minicooper since its the reason I'm still here!
Biking uptown with a growler in my backpack.
Would be a great choice! RT: : Autographed Helmet, hat, Season Ticket package and im next to u on the picture!
Series of blasts rip through Baghdad killing at least 57, and while no group has claimed responsibility, the coordinated nature of the at
When you're focused & have faith the day of the week may not matter. Bring your best today (and get some good rest). Be well
McNabb trying to prove he CAN throw it in the ocean...hilarious
The times they are a-different.
Come out and see New York's top comics battle it out as they audition for the prestigious Montréal Just For Laughs Festival
Sugar is breaking out a brand new menu tomorrow! Come and check out Chef Kerrie Jean's prowess!
Ready for opening session of
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good. -Oprah
Follow back. Youre very pretty btw.
falling asleep to a young Gabe. Little Manhattan 2: Have ya' met Peeta?
I just died. You legit covered one of my favorite Jack Johnson songs. Better Together. You're officially my favorite person.
on for sure
Yeah, I wouldn't want to know a lot of people if things like that kept happening.
I hate to say it but the better team won tonight. Congratulations to the Bruins.
Really North Carolina? Really??
LLN!!! Fuzzy's Tacos <U+E412> hilarious!!! I use to prankcall people saying if they were the sidekick hotline to help me with problems
Now this is an entry! RT : you need a jenerator to make those boots electric!
This diet really sucks! I just ate 2 cups of streamed spinach because eating peanut butter instead has too many calories!
Sit yo 5 dollar ass down. Before I make change.
there are a few of us crazy ones out there that do. :)
Get your taxes done on the cheap - 50% off tax preparations from Convenient Tax Services on www.crowdclick.com!
FA Cup: Derby v. Stoke
continue to tweet your little heart out beebs.
lol the last lady I didn't use profanity but the 1st 2 ppl I cursed out so bad. Sad thing is....its a fraud acct smh
Isn't it always the way it goes!
So today I rode a Schwinn super sport gs road bike - which looks like a hybrid and HATED it! Once a fan - ALWAYS a fan!
i gotta come wit it next time lol
no. la can fall into the ocean with the rest of california.
Oomf is a slut!
What?! Why? I'll miss the goat cheese tots! :'( RT BREAKING: ZWK IS CLOSING. Kitchen is closed IMMEDIATELY.
... well im not!!! i ALWAYS get told im hot... but i think their just tryin to make me happy :)
Rondo triple-double... NICE
thanks for posting it out to everyone lmao and um you welcome (: ah you left me im bored -.-
worldcompass is interesting; i'm very curious to see how the thematic blocks work out for them (hard to grow an aud?)
yum! That has been on my "to make" list!
when god made you,he was showing off.
Going to bed and waking up as tired as you were when you went to bed <<<<<
I don't have one!
Pray for a world who refuses to recognize it's Creator and His laws. smh at some stuff on FB right now. I'm out...latta
Todds&Tiaras always cheers me up :)
Right up the street from us. Can't wait! RT The location, from what I know, will be near Stacked Pickle on Old Meridian...
#dailyfeedback Examples of songs whose meanings have generally being misunderstood. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
I would never say that;)
hiiya :) question..have you ever heard of Culture Shock?
Talking to an old friend who havent talked to in forever!:))
Reading a book on YouTube is a public performance, might not be legal. Never read an entire book!
OK switching to a new pair of contacts in the morning. I've left mine in for like 2 months
Dial M in 3D - Can't wait!
whoa. I forgot you were
I hope you go to a team where you are appreciated. #15 always!
I do look at fellow LIS school people and think that my experience is WAY at the bottom by comparison.
all high silver...
Review: Terrific page turner. Polished prose, plenty of twists, but best of all a central character I found emotionally engaging.
I wonder at this point should I just give up on the notion or sleep? Or shall I try to get a few hours sleep?
I do. What's the registration fee?
in the fortress of solitude, of course. We've been cookin up something big Dave. Drop by, sign over your 1st born, and I'll spill
talk about painting a picture! Got a great songwriting lesson. Also, the sheep story gave me a flashback Uncle's farm.
too deer-in-the-headlights to celebrate quite yet but should be able to by then :)
We want to wish you a Merry Christmas tom w/ our Xmas Party + Toy Drive! Bring an unwrapped toy and get in 1/2 price all night.
fuck da law i hold court in the street
I love how ariana grande has her makeup its so natural! :] #jealous :)
RT : I swear these #tarheels give me palpitations! >>true!
Byron Scott's death stare just burned a hole through my couch. Go #Cavs!
Congratulations to who unwittingly just became our 3,000th follower! Sorry we weren't running a contest. :(
we had a delay getting Kona glasses so we'll have them next Monday!
Thanks! I think they should too!
Sure! Email to sacole0904_at_yahoo_dot_com
A lot of ticket guys talking down about Ranger fans lately Fans are doing what ALL fans do, doesn't make this a non baseball town!
snowboarding for the day
Where the Kobe/Stay Schemin Tweets?
Thanks we are glad you like it.
At the game! Excited about the Drop Kick Murpheys concert afterwards!
You are the star and that is why you will continue to shine. Your light will never stop a little more oil will keep it burning.
I'll pay 4 ur ticket and start a fire! 1st class ok?
Sold 100+ tix to the event on Tues against & the ! See you at & the !
End of a long weekend, I think I need some cornbread...
Bill is a GREAT guy! That's a nice connection!
From the base up, Hegel's Absolute seems fantastical. Looking down from a local synthesis, dialectic is recursion.
Actually it's the exact opposite. It's noon! lol Is no one answering the phone?
RT ": My car runs on gas, not friendship. So pay the fuck up."
hopespin keeps it real no matter what!
I've got a camera with me. Want to earn my undying respect?
Your holiness blesses the world ACIM
It takes time to understand a girl. If you truly love her, you'll take the time to try and understand her.
follow me please?
Moderately. Many of the group convos don't seem to apply to me. RT : Linkedin - do you use? A) Frequently B) Moderately C) Rarely
it should stand for nobody agrees
lost 3 big pots all night. 2 of them were to the man that staked me. Hope you have a great day.
haha yeah bet its killing uu haha so who u annoying instead of me? :) bet theyre having a horrible time lol :P
Shoulda picked BlakeRT : It's certainly all about #thevoice AND the coaches reactions (shocked? confused? impressed? chuckles?
": If 2pac and Biggie were still alive, would Lil Wayne still be considered a rapper" Not a chance.
About time is following me! ;)
Watched the first 2 episodes and thought it was pretty good. But I think Im in a comedy mood. Watching Lillyhammer now...
Has to be one of the most dramatic finishes in EPL history. The look on the united players was priceless
Oops. I haven't done it yet, but have thought about it and then caught myself.
he looks good as ever. just gotta hope its not a chronic thing
r u ok demi did u get kO
did you have P4000 VSA questions? How can I help?
That is so true. It's easier to say what's on your mind instead of carefully choosing the right words.
oh yeah...I forgot to relay that message re: yoga. oops.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Accident northbound I-5 near the Terwilliger curves. Left lane blocked.
: How much money do you think Obama raised today after his announcement? Hopefully millions and trillions and gazillions of dollars!
I just tried a cocktail onion. I wish I hadn't.
In so far as the establishment officially expects to alter the self-regulating inner tendencies of the inmate..... Goffman
that's awesome you enjoyed it. Not everyone has the same experiences the first handful of times. Hope you give us another try
absolutely! Would love to!
you're going to be at #Interop?
Had a very short and kinda boring day! Let's see what tomorrow be about!?
2 the Love of my life: U are my life. You're the only thing it would hurt 2 lose. I promise to love u forever - every single day of forever.
But screw it I guess...
Unwind! yummy martini #Denver. Jalapeño tomato infused vodka. Need I say more?
Things will change. I'm sick of being ran over for some stupid random bitches. I'm done with all the shit.
HH tonight with Ms. and Ms. at ! See you soon Girlies :)
This fuckin rain
can you please ping me offline, I have a question
#gospursgo have now won 19 in a row at home after victory against the Thunder-hard to believe that they have 47 wins and only 10 losses.
My moms becoming a workaholic.
Rell need to go get his ears pierced so he can stop lookin the way he do .
Can't wait for tonight's pamper session with the wonderful
That was a comment made by kanye west, on his VH1 storytellers. who else would say that!? other than me. HA
I have the BIGEST crush on this cute boy and I can't see him until the science test cus we test together can't wait!!omgg #hype<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327><U+E328><U+E022><U+E32D>
People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness.
I am always surprised by how low people will stoop in a poor economy
She is just a typical democrat. Ho hum.
RT : bored somebody entertain me Go ur ass to sleep
Weird that a hypothetical Y2K stirred more panic here than the actual collapse of Europe's economy is doing now.
Life's tough, it's even tougher if you're stupid.
I agree :)
Bagels are such filthy carbs
KHALED Take It To The Head is classic!!!! go get that #PIL2 by Ja Rule for me my brotha i know you loyaled to rule
What a great event to Tonight at the big house. Lots of fun, good turnout & feedback. I'm lucky to have a great team who made it all happen
#replacesongtitleswithboobs ; forever the sickest boobs
Hi! Thanks for the follow!:)
My level of maturity changes depending on who I'm with.
The Main Advantages Of Getting started with An Alcohol Rehab ...
purnima here i joined yesterday could you please specify as to how much money i need to shell out in total before i actually make money
Get a ball and practice for crying out loud!
today I was gay and blew out my candles wishing I'd see you in Phoenix when I go in June :---------)
If you think i'm happy you're stupid
Agreed. RT The dome is SO loud on tv. Wish I was there!!
Not a big fan of cursing to the Internet so I'll be more reserved. "Seriously over it"...hm not quite the same effect.
I don't know if I can watch this thing go down...
Your welcome, Bob. Your joy and spirit in life are inspiring. Really enjoyed reading your book!
lol! The new tat looks great!
My brother told me today "the only guy that deserves ur heart right now is Benjamin $$$"
We are a #Notary in the State of #Georgia. If you are in the #Atlanta Area (#DeKalb County), contact us at 866-694-8528.
basketball game tomorrow cant wait :)
Decided to trim some of my beard....just enough so I wouldn't look homeless
Finally happy again. Love my new place, love who I live with. Love my new life :)
There's a murder behind my house in N MPLS. But it was "targeted" so that's supposed to make it all better.
I wish I were with right now. That would be pretty sweet.
Every time I hear my phone twinkling I hope it's him <3 ... or
why does it sound like they're chanting "Yankees Suck"?
Trying to catch up on housework and play since starting my part time job
we voted for . im sAD BUT HAPPY FOR
give me attention
MAN! When you come to Los Angeles again?
At work ready to go lol
She worked in a cap company, at midnight. We'd all go to the cab co and sleep on the floor. She was working two jobs, so she'd wake us up...
what the actual fuck. i acn't ... i just.... what the fuck. what the fuck is this. why why why why
I always feel so drained after even days
The mint green for my desktop and the yellow for my iPhone. A great message for both the screens in my life! :)
do something to make sad again and we'll write more like it.
I want kone king
to be quite honest, I'm rooting for a lockout before tip-off.
I'd say more that persuasion might need to come from a different direction than most obvious assumptions.
Software like a sushi, it always has to be fresh
anyone else working on homework/studying instead of enjoying this beautiful ABQ sunday?
Huntsman just lost it, said doubting climate scientists and evolution is crazy. Game, set match.
Ill take ya to the candy shop, ill let ya lick a lollipop ;)
that's cool. you work those. i did realize late that some friends could use the SW online bonuses.
Jim Farley goes from writing sound about making out in the rain to passing out in the rain
Lol, and so is her mother. xD
Georgia State Students! Get "IN THE MIX" With the MAY 17TH! 6PM! WITH A SPECIAL Q&A DISCUSSION WITH !
if you win I'll be your driver, butler and all around Jeeves.:-)
The early bird catches the worm because it was in the right place at the right time.
It sounds nasty yo lmfao then these niggas try to kiss the girl RT: lol that shit nasty"
haha yeah I have a hobo named flask and he's loaded!
RT : Banner overhead Liberty U reads GOP = higher school debt
Today is FCAT day! Good luck to all!
Today in Literary History: Nobel Prize in Literature winner Boris Pasternak ("My Sister Life" "Doctor Zhivago") was born in Moscow in 1890.
you're welcome. And my Sunday is going swell, just arose from a lovely nap.
Watching Wipeout was a great idea, 'cuz it's funny. Watching it while writing job apps, maybe not so much.
Hank is a badass! Yep, I'm halfway through season 3 of Breaking Bad. If you've watched it, you know what that means!
LOL. Maybe nick will get its crown back by this Friday's new SpongeBob going up against Wizards.
No burritos outside the bar tonight so cooking up
virtual conf sessions for #aam2012 today are fab. Current #glamwiki is rocking my thoughts with the stats. thanks Wikipedians in Residence
No, it doesn't ever get any easier. You wouldn't want it to either.
" Common Sense is Strengthened by Joy. "~~~Rebbe Nachman Of Breslov
Dirty Birds time
Australia based studio looking for a Gameplay Programmer. Anyone looking to work for a A studio close to the beach? Ping me: zwalter…
Ellen and Cynthia would know better than I, but there is Fox's (Winton Pl) & Brownstein's (Monroe)
Off and then on, off again and then on again.
SSH is magic!
Life is short, talk is cheap, so forget what people say.
Socialinboxcorp starting a twitter deals page for Madison only! Let thousands of people see your coupons...I would love to help you out!
naaa unless you tryna fight than yes confident Lmao
How old are you?
Rarely. LolRT : not me son...when the last time you seen me out in this shit hole SMH
thanks Al!!
Starting day 2 of this music video in about an hour and a half. Starting off with a bit of green screen.
+1 RT : My one comment is that if it is a continuum, we don't need to "transition to palliative care" It should be integrated
Just going to relax today. Tomorrow it's the day at the lake watching fireworks.
thank you! lol
Its 2012, and it started off right!! Im ready for this yr to bring me love, happiness..well..more of it and just all around fun!!
Yeah, they do a good job. We better enjoy them before they get some big time national gigs!!
Great comment by Chuck Klosterman - 'there's no risk in hating Nickelback, and hating something feels better than feeling nothing at all.'
justin RT you that's amazing.. I'm grabbing the impossible
Yes ma'am. I didn't buy your tickets on StubHub, did I? Row 11?
I concur!
Thanks A!!!
follow fellow USC alum - wonder if he took any Gero courses?
Tonights visual late night snack, "Carancho"
I really wanna work at the aldo in the Beverly center. I'll just have to wait though.
Also, who would have thought robocommentator last game was the better option?
I feel like I have forgotten to use “the” in hashtags many times. So to make up for it
Your quite welcome(: <3
I'm not sure what "retweet" is... but I'll "check in" if you show me how/where!
Pinterest - “It flattens the information hierarchy,” Does that mean anything to you?
Good luck! RT : Up early to capture that elusive sound for radio - cows. Happy cows don't moo, but cows getting breakfast do.
great stuff. i deal with the dads/the men. lets link and connect! .
Friday Pop Music Night! 9pm-11pm: $3 Three Olives Vodka Mixers All Night: $6 X-rated shots // $6 Patron shots // $5 Margaritas
Wow Target has a cute but totally knockoff version of your rad spirithoods
I remember giant Gonzalez!! He had that one piece suit that had muscles on it am I right?
What's up? :D
I listen to music every morning when I take a shower. Because if I don't, it's a little quiet...like too quiet. Like "homicide" quiet.
tomorrow i'm finishing packing and giving myself a makeover.happy day. LA WONT KNOW WHAT HIT THEM!
Boozer is just too soft when it's crunch time.. aka Q4...
steelers in 1994.
yeah! buy him beer for me! I'll get you back ...
Looking at my ass again...
When you believe in yourself strongly enough you are willing to take criticism and share your Passion for Life!
I can't believe I'm up<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
what the..? *hears a thunk on door, goes to check, sees disappearing down stairs, goes out to follow*
yeah true. But I shall prevail
I Have say being up in North Hollywood is kind of a step up
Follow the best pitcher in the game right now!!
Devastated to hear about the death of Whitney Houston. I remember jamming out to her on my Walkman back I'm the day. :(
Woot! :D Made my day abit better.
Checked in for tomorrow's flight to NOLA. Summit tweets building anticipation!
Its a really nice evening.
get Spotify already please
I like the sound of gravel crunching underneath my shoes.
you rock, i will follow back! :D
: How right you are! “Time flies in the tiniest things!”
im never going to get over the fact that im in love with you and thats a matter of fact
# Iowa of course!
: man I wanna work out with you what's up I'm ready
So great to hang out with the kind and knowledgeable Justin Brusino () who initially invited me to B an ASTD Press author!
you home? Mind if we swing by?
Really stoked to finally see tonight at bigup for this one!
S/O to and and His session at
that makes me really sad:-\
Screw science. I don't want to damn study -.-"
#Eminem / #Chysler in the top 10 #Superbowl #Commercials so far. Great storyline.
freely my man. Ha.
Fun trivia facts about Pasco! Thanks to all who participated and a big shout out to , and
We've sold some strange things at our mech table over the last 5 years; Wonder what I could get for these teeth sitting on my coffee table?!
What projects are you working on? Where can I fit in?
Some mornings just call for a little country music :)
The dog was created specially for children. He is the god of frolic. ~Henry Ward Beecher
Bottle of wine to the head now on the 2nd one
Totally agree. Pork + slow cooker = YUM
omg.. I just heard a car horn that trumpeted melodiously!!
: Nice to meet you! Following back.
so...I'm guessing that commercial was about Willie liking Organic pot?
Yes, please include #EBUS118 in all tweets related to tonight's class.
Thanks for all of the advice - looking forward to hearing your ideas about the class page! You rock!!
on assignment
SIlverton got 38" out of this storm! Share, dang it!
My Love <U+2665>
Pumped! MT : #FF #bootcamp6 coaches/trainers
Soon to be touring all of fellow local's in #pittsburgh's art
you and come visit me
My sister and her husband are there right now...SO JEALOUS!!!! love you and Ice
Definitely! Feel free to email us - youngsocialpros [at] gmail [dot] com.
Just an hour and a half away, no biggie
RT : My cousin is a Frisbeetarian. He believes that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof where nobody can retrieve it.
RT : you think EVERYONE cares. we don't
Ayy! Mafongito querido!!! I bought this album when it came out in 05' @ Hear Music there in the promenade in Santa Monica. Pá arriba! Loco
TONIGHT 4/12! We're playing Wolf's Den - we start at 7PM and play 3 sets. Tomorrow we'll be at Captain Carlos in Gloucester!
I don't think i'm gonna get either of the projects that are due monday done.... -_- my partner doesn't even care and the other one is lame(;
Tweeting the semi-manditory "thx for following". Is it something the rest of you want? I don't.
#spriteslam Williams. That was he best one yet...
I have an old watch that was my moms, the band broke. I wonder if could make it into one of her gorgeous vintage necklaces?
Want to check out some pop music without feeling too gay? Check out Ra Ra Riot
HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PERSON LOVE YOU!
Harlan Platt studies unintended consequences - at least some litter is actually the unexpected result of cleanup programs...
RT : Hit publish.
I like real pentathlons!
haha idk, maybe mall or park or something
now if it was a custom authentic Adam Banks jersey you would be in business
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
I like how i felt sleepy all day at work bc of the allergy medicine i took and now im wide awake .
#2ThingsIAppreciate Love and Care
Sometimes what's lacking is your imagination of all life can be. Expand your vision of the possible! ~
Demetri Martin is hilarious
Loosing lip rings<<<
are you submitting?
I love France. Women over here are so amazing :) <U+2665>
Its like the entire month of April has just been one long day
Who should I follow!?
LOVE : Celebrity Apprentice: "Gary is not always here on Earth with us/he was orbiting outer space for the last two days." Hilarious!
People told me to give up trying to be special and settle down to a regular life. Because I wanted to be something special...I knew I could.
This play needs to be produced
headed to for the pens game, yinz in?
Teeter totter...... Hello balancing act of never.
A snack is only as dangerous as the person eating it.
I'm glad I'm not the only one with this problem! ... buying second home just for vegan cookbooks
The official (RED) 3v3 Soccer Tournament is coming to Albuquerque this August! Sign up today at www.abq3v3.org and win an iPad 2!
I'm going to jump, too. But I don't see it as bleak at all!
Started reading Girl Parts. Love it! Would've finished in 1 sitting but it got late. Damn work and being a grown up! :-p
Super cheap, super good Russian.
ridgewood flow. good night. rehearsal later.
Kaoru Kakizakai return from Tokyo on Tuesday November 1 to perform on the dinner/concert series! Now taking reservations.
Happy Halloween! Be sure to get to 5 Points for the East Side pub crawl!!
thanks for the follow
Hahah got you Megan! Hahaha(; I wish
I love u too!!! Ha! Im in Chevy chase at maggianos...lol
Soo ima go see LIVE this Friday!! :D -raquel
Sick show tonight with some good friends of ours in Kamikabe and Save Us From The Archon at the Blue Violate Cafe!
SNL flow...yep I'm home on a Saturday night. : /
Start the week with some fun at Happy Hour! Enjoy half price appetizers, $5 house wines and specialty martinis!
spoiled!! :P
Welcome back, students!
y'all do bottle service at which clubs
girl I'll take you to goodwill
rather than redundant, i was thinking, "he's a god man, and thorough." - maude lebowski
Alas! RT ": #uppers Leave it to men to pull out and leave the women to clean up the mess. #Afghanistan"
Thank you for following hawaiiflowers4u
Hello, lover! Not that we know of. Let's make it happen! RT : So where are my peeps at? Are you in the paper yet?
just got back from an overnighter at snoqualmie lake...tired
Thank you bo hahahah #TeamFollowBack im following everyone who follows me today!!!
Ready to go home and watch Money in the Bank. I can't miss CM Punk's last match!
On average, does it really take 2 hours to look at a broken finger.
. hilarious, thank you :)
1 Hour Delay here in NY...on our way 2 Chicago...
I hit the "up" button on the elevator and the doors opened right away. Today has potential.
Sometimes it's just best to listen.
Which session do you think would fit this topic best? I really want to be there!
Working on a new book titled, "To Kill a CAPTCHA." Need ideas.
because it felt good, bad...or hurt so good???
Would you like to enjoy a deeper, closer connection with your love? If so, we recommend that you two create space in your relationship
your buns- i can punch a ya buns- if you're an evil witch i will punch ya for fun! - finn as a baby from adventure time. (:
Dear Garett, thanks for following!
Augh, burnt my lip :( o it hurts
im in an currently 6th! What's ur name on here so I can sweat
I wanted to chill last night but my phone erased yo #
Crushed me lol
I've piled on... Only Wanna Be With You from Hoooooooootie is now being followed by Final Countdown from Europe. Happy Friday everyone.
no need to battle!! #battleoftheboroughs go to MyLifeIsNY.com and stop the violence! Please! Think about the children!!
lol, yea, i figured that.
I get lucky once in awhile lol
If you haven't seen tour...go see it
lol true, true. Well let's feed the thought of what could have been.
#20ThingsAboutMe, I usually goof off and when it comes to most everything, but I'm always down for a serious conversation
ok coo doing it now
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x5
I HATE YOU. OMFG. WE'RE NOT FRIENDS
night doll!
That completely ruined the moment and my mood :(
I wish you all the joy that you can wish. ~ William Shakespeare
Yep, still a packed house on Tuesdays. Who wouldn't want to spend their night listening to bad jokes around obnoxious "adults"
1. Thank you throwdown for making me feel better. 2. Fuck bitches
10 Best Arcade Games for Android
you need a map on your website.
okay i will<U+E056>
4 followers away from 50!!! i know its not alot but if you follow me ill be glad to follow you and give you a shout out
was DOIN' IT last night at EDEN! Don't be a stranger!
I love when im going to bed and I realize my phone case is #glowinthedark :) goodnight world!
Look, pal: if you want a Pepsi you're gonna pay for it!
The greatest wealth is health.
aww yea!! Tell me how it goes! I know it was a long car ride..
"DOLLAR DOLLAR BILL, Y'ALL!" -
Remember fair use: purpose, nature, amount used, and market effect.
NBC Miami sources: Rob Lowe
you best friend back from time to time
Kirkland friends - stop by The Woodmark Hotel tomorrow night at 6:00. Free appetizers, a book signing, wine, and a gorgeous view.
hell yeah this my last time bro lol
human body is the female egg and the
Wow, impressive! I always get a kick when an elderly couple squabbles on the metro. So cute and hilarous at the same time.
Oh you care about me? You cared about me all the way to your ex's bed.
SHOUTS 2 DEM TEXAS BOY"S !! YEA YEA WE EVERYWHERE RAIN 2NITE WIT CHALIE BOY & DA VIP CROWD REPP N AZ ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
do you regulate satellite TV providers (i.e. DirecTV)? If I have a consumer complaint, where can I send a copy to the FCC?
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men acting like they know u, cause u JUST accepted their FRIEND REQUEST, they went thru ur ALBUM & BAM "Hey Babe!"
do you get a chance to talk to the buyer's agent. If it possible to get it done, we'll get it done. Can I contact him?
" his earings are way too big! So gross! Where will he ever work?" He totally doesn't own his own buisness
Same goes for "The World to Come" by Dara Horn. I can never choose which.
I think his campaign is very adept at tactics, but (and I'm no R) their strategy seems to be lacking a little. Correctable.
"Haha your butt looks better than your face.... And your proud"
I love
The guy doing tile work in our basement remodel sounds like a less eloquent Cletus the Slack-jawed Yokel.
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience" - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
ill play with you :)
Went with Chatham Tap - thanks for the rec!
Indeed! :D
was secretly here thoo :D
Episode 2 recording complete! Topics include the new Batman film shooting in PGH, t-shirt by !! Shout out to !!
Thank you! We certainly think we can :)
i'm selena and yes even though i'm a girl,i love wwe
Dear trashy lady at the bar, please stop talking about your 'small' house on lake drive...it's obvious your diamonds are fake
All #billlaswell now until 8pm PST on Axiom Sound System on
You betcha! Haha RT it was real, right? You felt it, right? Ha! “: #onscreenchemistry”
See... RT : As fuck. We lucky RT : Everybody I touch is spoiled rotten.
its super windy!:o
If was in a magazine, I would buy every single one.<3
Hello, I've waited here for you, everlong.
Wow! Ask him if he's ever considered making #ThisPresentDarkness into a movie.
Apple and Steve Jobs are hard to separate. Leader-Culture-Brand...kind of "chicken or egg" when you have to navigate change at the top!
i'm trying../: it was just waayy too bad this time..
just love how ppl change in a matter of months..its lik im lookin at you and thinkin i dnt even know u anymore..now i wonder if i ever did..
Guy on radio says Rose injury is hard on Chicago fans & adidas fans. Didn't know adidas made tourney, but sympathy to all.
Perfect! It's supposed to be amazing! So next Thursday...around 6?
I see everybody talkin about twerk it from VIC is it bumpin
When you write about a decade, you should write the 1990s or the '90s. It's NOT the 1990's.
It's roasting outside! Why can't I be at the beach right now??
LOL, I choose to pass since it was just a temporary situation, but if I had to stay longer I would've had to say something.
A #dog can locate the source of a sound in 1/600 of a second and can hear sounds four times farther away than a human can
This guys feels like an idiot! :D
Ha, waking up at 6:30 makes all the difference to me<U+2665>(:
"We are quite good in the West at picking up the weak points but we are not so good at seeing what is good in Islam"
Download the free webinar to learn how to create a thriving blog
"If I ever saw you again I wouldn't say anything I would just watch u die inside to see me so happy with someone else #fact"
After watching today's games, I get the impression all of them could do a good job at losing to the Packers.
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you.
RT : Omg I just found out isnt at kiss anymore!!! Worst day ever!!!!! :( >> aw honey! You're so sweet!
": if you want to find success in this world, you better always be looking to build on the common threads you share with people"
Adding something extra makes it entertaining though, un-textbook-like, and easy to follow
Habitat for Humanity meeting tonight, 7PM at Grace United Methodist Church...
gorgeous day outside in milwaukee. get your asses outside!
should of said $0.00 Let the market determine..
Thanks for following us - looks like we are both serving innovators in the #socent space! Let us know if we can help you!
Can Greene be worse than the bald ref in the Lamar game last night. That guy was a disgrace to bald people across the country
Do fighters treat their skin with anything in the days before the fight that might make them cut less easily? Moisturizer?
glad u enjoyed my preso ! c u !
Wow, Denise Richards can't act. I mean... I knew that but it never ceases to amaze me just how bad.
Hahaha I honestly could not believe he said that... RT : "Baron Davis hot tub time machine"
yeah and than your like how is it my fault I didn't shoot you or ran off the edge lol
Good night loves <U+2764>
Oh wow, Bill O'Reilly got his crayons out again and is writing another book about, this time lies about Kennedy.
cant find a program to do my scatter plot on anymore i quit. im showing him on my calculator cuz im so done with this shit
(: what time r u gonna interview the ICONic Boyz?
Serena Williams vs Marian Bartoli @ Stanford live!
thanks for very good coaching!! Helped me out alot
is music without the indie or hipster, that gawd.
Yes! We would love to partner with you! Have any ideas in mind?
You think you're famous and powerful, but here one truth... YOU'RE NOT!
I love love live Shane!!!!
fuck yes.and gwar.we should kick it before then though
LOL! Funny how that works out. RT : Usually I'm the one asking for vodka. But this morning vodka's asking for me!...
Priceless - Mayday Parade
eek! Make sure to give us the update, yeah?
I'm on LSD haven BLUE DREAMS of ISS.
alrigh you better be there
aaaahhhhh afresh new start for a brand new week....what's on your plate today?
Is currentley loving new song
true, same here, im hoping with ellis these baby steps get a little faster though
It doesn't matter where,I don't care if people stare!!(:
If you have to have your documents there today, our business fax service offers quick faxing service. Call now for more details....
come home!
#HoodFebreezeScents Richard's Wild Irish Rose
It's not quite my cup of tea either, but I was not as smart as you to avoid it altogether.
Whether you're new to the slopes or just looking to fine-tune your technique, group lessons are a great way for kids to develop skills for …
Watching Madea for my first time. My lord, have mercy.
Could be worse. Could have been 'synergy.'
regular or duck fat?
#whosgonnalose - New England at Houston - New England will lose
If you're feeling that daily 4pm slump, you might be dehydrated... be sure to drink lots of water throughout the day to always feel good!
We are thrilled to announce that we are now carrying OPI's new line of UV Gel nail polish!
Ican explain it from A-Z, any time youd like.It's pretty damn important.Becauseit describes also Libya,Yemen,etc
I really dnt wanna get upp rite now -_____-
Sounds like it finally stopped. Incredible, that went on for over an hour.
My opinions are my wife's, and she says I'm lucky to have them
I love when people try to cram small essays into 140 characters and end up shitting out what looks like badly-parsed Czech.
Interesting. So you sell more 4 Kindle, but you like to use a Nook?
finally get a chance to get on my summer routine
I could list all the cliches as my #workout motivation but the truth is I listen to really REALLY LOUD
Assumption student and #8217;s response to Norway tragedy raises ethical, legal questions
nothing doing homework hbu
missed one;). You'll need to try the french toast ;) 300 people every Sunday do ...
GO CANUCKS GO!!! We smoked LA... crushed 'em!
Knowledge is responsibility so pass it on. Keep smiling.
im sorry im not justin
Interesting... the #Caps #Rangers live stream is running about 12 seconds ahead of the TV broadcast.
To all the Kobe and Lakers fans...Merry Christmas from your Miaaaaaaammmmiiiiii Heeeeeeeeeaaaaaat!!
But I can't find her....
1st Time watching #missing on TV pretty cool ex-CIA theme going on
woaahh it said I wasn't following you then. I was like no no no no. But its okay. Its chilled.
I wish I was digging up gems at right now...soon. soon.
great xpp where r u from.?
Run through this morning at the National Archives for ConSource to host David McCullough. He will be addressing 250 teachers and students.
Follow My Bro
Yeah, so was I. Katrina also came through tonight as well.
Radical!! RT : I found this band through , is really a GOOD BAND!
Finally found my neck pillow!! It was under my running shorts???
oh my lord!!! I will be in Chicago for ALA. Will check for avail. tix the 10th-14th, but will definitely be at pre-opening gala.
to the mall with my mama :)
I must be a fool to miss something I never had
Very cool!
haha i have a real job with a real cubicle and a real commute now
#AskBieber you're perfection.
show this saturday!!!
TCGD THIN AS HELL!!! Slap the ask
Good Luck #Phils, first spring training game today. If you are down in #Clearwater look for the #Philly invades #Florida!
The art of twittering is 2 put as much meaning 2 160 characters as possible<--not EZ to do-not doing makes it a broadcast medium
Men that are in the armed forces>>High school boys
Planning an unconference on social media strategy for MD-DC-NoVa higher ed advncmt staff thanks to support. Input welcome!
Carbs aren't evil, but they lead to glycation when eaten in surplus which will damage your body.
Ha! I entertained Commons as a venue (my pref) but I think there's a decent selection at this place. You should come!
No problem!(: &I'll see if i can dm him tonight<3 (: & good! (: yours??
RT : BREAKING: Phillies LHP Cole Hamels suspended 5 games and fined for intentionally throwing at Nationals OF Bryce Harper.
when your trying to do something possitive with your life never let someone tell you, you can't cause you can
First fellows applications are rolling in...
If you can't tell who the sucker is, it's most likely you.. old gambler saying
Another Chris Brown lip sync?!?! Wow #Grammys , this sucks. Makes me want to punch someone. Wait. no.
New iPhone rocks! They fixed all the things that needed fixing. About time.
I would have too... That's too kind of her to do that
is the game at 2 or 3? My phone won't list the time zone
RT listening to Nielsen Mobile's David Gill on "Does the iPad Change Everything?"
is today your birthday??
December 17 - Rihanna <U+2665>
In the lab listing to new beats summer here we come!
DC: Word on the street, domestic violence at the mayors home. Surprise, surprise! You ain't heard nothing yet. Wait until 9/15/2010..DDAY..
Tomorrow eve I will have dinner w/ 89 yr old mom and her pals in asst'd living place. A hoot!
BASE Camp Free Food Pantry; Saturday, April 21, 11-3 call Cheryl Hill 407-399-1395 BASE Camp Office, 140 N Orlando, WP bring your own bags.
Glad I could help! Have a great Wednesday! RT : yeah!! Made my day. Thanks Toni!
I wish I knew the recipe for those ! Lol
Metalwork | Blog | Exam Bible 642-642 IP Communications latest ...
thank so much for the mention
Hold on. Hold on boys!!!!
Thanks for the follow
oh i love her!
The Broncos are insane! Who wins like that! Fox, Tebow and the new Orange Crush! Thank you Matt Prater!
FYI, if you're a dude and weigh less than 170 you need to chill w the tough talk on twitter!!
we win on a walk off in the 10th against TEXAS and still don't make the front page?! Fucking pathetic.
Starbucks and bumping Drake. God morning, Los Angeles!
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at the Village is now split pea w/croutons
follow me? pretty please with a cherry on top <U+2665>
Watch the Pirates try, try again against Houston following last night's 0-1 loss ... 7:05/ROOT ...
I wish I could. Father died when I was 4. Mother when I was 17. 3 grandparents died before I was born. 4th died when I was 8 :(
In Networking you actually have to reach out and "touch" people for the sales process to work but it also needs to be done SMART.
# hours raw are always good
LOL...put it this way...I could have brought my camera, and made it into a scene! :-P
that's the plan! :)
That hoe head shinning as hell like sum crisco oil on her fore head plus it look like yo buck EYES about to POP out Yo Face Lol
Great article. Although, any liberal arts degree worth it's weight will teach you
Your pics were amazing!Now I have to get to writing the blog post. :s Thanks so much, I will credit you (obviously.)
I'm just wearing jeans because it's a fast food restaurant and they don't really care :)
that's just nasty! He's old and gross!
"No singer or radio show host is going to make you a millionaire" -Matt Morris. So listen to audiobooks in your car!
Talks continue, but teachers union takes first step toward strike - Chicago Tribune
The Life To Come has released thier new EP "Fortune Tellers" and has put up a new layout! Check them out and show them some love. <3
Goodnight, Boston!
I think it would be a good idea.- Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948), when asked what he thought of Western civilization
this song is really killing me softly...
Take one minute out of your day today to remember sexual abuse victims and those who are trying to heal from the trauma.
for sure...not sure if they charge, but worth asking!
latina issue? .... Follow
you could be preoccupied, different date every night you just got to say the word..
Oh hai Tuesday.
yeah I'm 18 and I am a little nervous...but mostly excited!
Omg... Imma regret.. This..
Paid in hoes
It was for Earth Day. We had a lot of fun. They did a nice job!
Can't find my ASTONISH ME book by John Lahr. I may never be able to astonish again...
I do the same thing lol :) RT : I hate talking on the phone... But I'll always pick up for her &lt;3
is all I am interested in :)
Studying motivation right now. Eh, I think I'll check my City, Twitter, and Facebook right quick.
Mercedez is tripping <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
- Attending a secret society meeting at the Maxboxing cave!!
“: I'm letting go now.. You can either stay, and hold me.. or you can go, and hold her.”
If investments in surface transportation infrastructure are not made soon...
Hey, maybe him and JaMarcus Russell can have sizzurp together RT : The oldest #SFGiant was taking CHILDREN'S cough medicine?
thanks man!
Mad at David..
Living the Kosher life? Don’s fret! Kotel Kosher will be opening soon
Life is what you make it
. says rockstar fans influnce 45% of that musician's revenue. Wow.
When guys use excessive smileys I feel like I'm texting a girl -_-
We can't promise to do it without laughing. :-P
hell yea vanilla ice sample! ... ... ... pop the weasel anyone ?
Pain specialist to host discussion
can u make out what it is?
Wow! Vale La Roja!
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!
But this team does need someone to step up and take the ball in the 9th
Michael Phelps "I would just wake up at 11 am...play video games. I was so lazy." Well, now I feel EXTREMELY lazy.
And watching khuram's dumbass tell me how to pass the SAT
I'll be in way late. I am sorry, but only for myself for missing out on the morning! :-)
IDK MAN, I WANNA PUNCH HER IN THE FACE.
Starbucks at exit 138. Maybe 1 of the best ever. these guys are in it to win it.
Happy 23rd birthday, !
Gonna practice by standing on your head?
Matt just did a triple take when saw you on the office. Go Matadors! Great job
happy birthday again lol
off topic: Today is our 1 month anniversary with our adopted rescue dog Casey, who rescued us :)
Music gives a soul to the universe,wings to the mind,flight to the imagination , and life to everything.
- uh, anytime
#211 Hello 15-211, Fundamental Data Structures and Algorithms!
Happy May Day!
The hits plus duties this Memorial weekend!!! The Party Zone on 101.3 KDWB til 3am
and to that I say Vernon Gholston. I've never been a fan of "freak athletes" who perform well at combine. Just my opinion
Case could still be settled or found for or against fair use. But sweeping solutions through the courts are not appropriate
;) watching creepy stuff on the internet
There's difference between INSPIRATION & IMITATION LOL Don't want to sound Madonna-esque but "look it up" Some ppl like pushing my buttons.
Cleveland artist send your hottest tracks to #eighty81 is about to properly represent this city with this mixtape
“: shut up and go take some pictures, camera boy!”<<Little Kanye hates Cameras! Lol
but i am so stuck and I'm already sleepy and i have only info in my head for like one more page not 5 Dx
Boston restaurant recommendations? Veg-friendly please.
Auburn honor here I come
Your level of faith is seen not by how much you believe during smooth times, but how much you believe during challenges.
I haven't laughed this much in a while
“: Looking for restaurant/beer recommendations for Portland and Seattle.” hmm...so many
I do it for her
Sweet!!RT : Lookin' forward to hosting six friends at for the 9:30a service. If you don't ask, they won't attend.
Apple is now a $50 billion company.
Just sent some sample fiction to an editor who requested it. Scarier than it sounds.
hahaha!! they sure have!!
RT : See you tonight for some sour blend presenTASTING with brewmaster Eric Salazar!
#ithoughtyouwerecute until you said you were a Republican.
Thanks for following us! Have you thought about adding app reviews to your site? I know one you could review!
Hey tell me a page I can go to that explains how to use tweeter
Finally bounced back from the weekend.. Woo
I'm in this bitch bored!
Not sure, there are few cases in the lit. Stress is reported to play a role. My guy is similar but even more extreme
BUSY DAY for the FINS! Mens Lax host Manhattan at 1, wmn T and F at Championships, JU hosts sand vball asun tourny, Rowing at SIRA and HOF!
If you listen to people’s worries and get to share your vision with them, you will become a respectable leader.
I'd love that! I'll be there Friday, but only for a few hours on my way to OU. Also the first weekend in June.
I hope Charlie Sheen picks me to be his #TigerBlood intern. I really wanna know what goes on in the mind of Rick "Wild Thing" Vaughn.
there you go, the essential race question of the day
Bad night bad day
100% brought on self. Sets them apart RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
Some people are in your life for the time being and others are there for a life time >>>> either way life goes on ...
Sunday Funday starts back up in just 2 weeks! This year we're offering brunch specials for all Sunday Baseball games
I said it before I'll say it again great show! Way 2 go ! Pepper hicks kicks!
Bryce Harper just doubled. This time he removed his helmet AND punted it, all without breaking stride. Legend.
"Wicked Wednesday Follows RT "
I firmly believe that crop circles are the work of a cereal killer.
Scanner Monitor: Accident S Parker Rd & S Atchison Way
Hope everyone had a safe and fun Halloween last night. But remember ... There's nothing scarier than Computer Viruses!
shame lol.... u should
faeries are smart!
for sure I love hanging with you guys
What a great time @ freshman formal!
my life is literally a joke right now.
Cox cable commercials will always sound a little dirty to me. I wish 70's porn music played in the background. "Connect with Cox today."
you are crazy and I love it :-)
Tune-yards, Doomtree, Trampled by Turtles, and The Hold Steady? This Rock the Garden lineup'll definitely do. Yup. :)
"hells yeah. om shanti." -- complete e-mail message just sent to me by a friend confirming which yoga class we'll attend.
Lovely mail today: a cheque from my agent and my new business cards.
Beautiful catch Cutch
why are you going back so soon!
Hoping Tyler Kennedy is okay, don't wanna see another Pen go through a concussion. GET WELL SOON TK
#FF , RTing the functionally illiterate one at a time. "I got the flew." ... "Need more close in my closet."
kickback tonight <U+270C>
big guy with truck and 2 dogs is an unlicensed contractor. His partner who is licensed has been gone for 3 years...bad stuff
I was wondering if I had missed Buff Smurf when I use to watch that cartoon
RT : We'll be there w/ free treats for Mon.& Fri films! MT : Don't miss SPH’s film festival, April...
happy birthday, mark!!
is all over caps lock this evening
My Cop Radar fucking broke
Day 2 and today the books are open!!! Hopefully my hopes and dreams of original thought won't be crushed today!
Everyone's got a thing. Mine is that I'm into sports, right?
I meant gonna not honda lol
ok, I have sent you the email with info needed...
sometimes we ask God to give us direction in life and careers paths. So in turn he provides us ways out to set us up for bigger
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
So happy to be home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
that's totally about me.... jk
Cochino! LMAO although that site is VERY interesting... interesting in deed. Ironman anyone?
I always thought it would be coaching that would kill #JoePa. Apparently, that's what kept him alive.
Make plans now to attend SECCA's fall opening on Thursday, Nov. 3, 7pm. Live performances, music, refreshments. Cash bar/free admission.
I bet my mom will flip a shit when she sees me in a bit lol
Need to get some for the holidays.
sounds like a great idea!
I can only imagine what mischief occurs at the Megadeth, Testament, Slayer show.
Planning a #spring vacation w/ the family? Stay w/ us & experience #SanDiego's kid-friendly fun like & more!
I feel like I actually understand pre calc and trig. It only took me failing it once to finally get it.
I've been using the same old computer mouse for like 7 years. It's grimy and gross with a big layer of ground in hand slime. Nice huh?
haha I know. I don't know how y'all can stand to be on a bus for that long. I'd go crazy
“There's no abiding success without commitment.”
Lol I Hate The Dryer Too And I'm Getting My Hair Done 2mm
#criminalminds just sucks right now :( WHY WILL :(
I've been researching different portfolio platforms all night. I'm growing tired of coding my website myself. Any suggestions?!
Soundtrack 2 my life is the soundtrack to my life
Im just gonna leave the rest up to God.
I took a look. Couldn't quite place the language.
Ok let's pull out the W tonight! Yeah! Welcome back Lopez!
No matter what the temperature outside, Truman High School will always be freezing. Fact
Summer isn't far away. Time to step it up.
We want Tacos
Thank you so much for your loyalty. :)
you all are amazing inspirations! And so talented! Please follow me you would make my day! Thanks <3 Ti Amo! <3
Great show. I set my alarm to watch Sat & Sun. The format really works. And the guest...Wow.
Outcomes-based assessment first thing in the morning!
Yes I do!!! Follow me? :D
Mom told my 9-year old that she's talking to the Big Guy. My daughter replied, "Santa?" Hello Monday.
Guess we'll all find out tomorrow! :) RT It is? RT : Appears so, huh? ;) RT It is April fools isn't it.
S/O to da mama's who put they kids to sleep before u let a nigga come ova, thats tells alot #RESPECT #FMG LOL....
good morning!
Never doubt that your vote counts. Important business for our elected leaders to #endhomelessness in 2012.
You promised me the world. Show me what your after...
Come on down! I just realized every run I have had for 6 months has been in Tosa. Deciding if I want to break that streak.
Good afternoon everyone! Nothing to report today, but if you have something I should wrote a/, send a DM or email
Physics... There are no words.
An army of asses led by a lion will always defeat an army of lions led by an ass
New Headphones Comming In This Week...Ultrasone DJ-1...
last call to win a free ipad2 tonight. www.playffnow.com
Thank you! Good morning Happy Mother's Day ladies :)
Cheers, Gary! Looks like a beautiful view!
Snow is heading into Colorado! If you have any coats sitting in your closet that are not being used please drop them by our warehouse
you're very welcome :) *giggles*
Make sure you go HAM on something you do today.
Are you currently freelancing?
Watch for special Fujiyama entertainment nights coming soon!
Shoutout To Those Supporting Good Music!
Can I Get A Follow Back Please???:}
Why is there never anyone for the rebound?!?!?
'I decided to stick it between my legs.'
It's still instructive. It's good to know about the predations of the Wild Rose & paradoxical relief of liberals at PC's win.
Just got a huge new shipment of Hunter Boots at the Magazine and Canal Place locations!
Your comments make more sense than the entire article. Alcohol research scientist? More like bag of dicks...
WTF right? RT : The framing always costs more than the art.
This girl at a shoot yesterday said, "Do her hair like yours, with less frizz"
Good morning and hello to the reader from Isle of Man... :-)
Agree! Hahaha. what's your name btw sweetie?
Busy, fun day: 's chapel talk, Reagan (and cupcakes) in Presidential Rhetoric, Baldwin Oratorial Contest, & play rehearsal!
#ryanbraun is worth every penny
Ships anybody?:) -M
I get to the see in two days and I can't freaking wait!
Hi! I'm Jill, working as a temp academic reference librarian while looking for a library job.
Bahahaha!! "GULP" is right! ;)
It's an age old debate. But I'm my mind it's finally resolved. Tone Loc > Young MC
I love him, too.
Sounds like a great ride, and it's a beautiful day for it!
Couldn't go, no ride home. Sorry
3 job offers in the last four days!! All of which they approached me without me applying! Working at the courthouse again! :D
horrible memory too!
Lakers down games to 0. They'll still win.
SAT word of the day: parsimony (n.) frugality, stinginess
imma have hit u in a min she got all the details
No one at work is talking about the #Oscars. That pretty much sums it up.
Ugh... It stings knowing so many nice people pay good money just to be hot and wait. :( Thanks for thinking about us! °o°
heard u already got some customers too. Haha emily
Now THAT would be something
whenever you put this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><--- I say E.T. Remember? Lol
Too focused to be unfocused.
Headin over to see tomorrow... gotta get some pics
So excites to see stroll!
LHR-->DEN. Very rough landing in this wind.
Black film of the day "The Reading Room." This is a really good movie, I highly recommend it :-)
no im not ghetto like that.lol
#veep and bed. Still in super disbelief about Game of Thrones. I gotta start reading the books.
If life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, lets all get wasted and have the time of our lives.
The best brownies...are the ones you eat from the pan. :)
Do you have an event coming up? list your events with us, help us to grow and we help you to glow. www.tncnews.com/events
Dammit, why do I always think #steampunkchat is in the 7pm (PST) hour? Anyway, John Frame at is awesome, you should go.
“: Is Freese better than Kung Fu Panda? #lfh, at baseball yes, at eating, no.
WSJ now too? there has to be a better way to do social news than driving it all through a FB app
Will finally get a chance to watch some #NbaPlayoff games for the first time since last week!!!
fxck everything right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
“: Bo no prom date for me #sucks don't like #gameplayers” it's okay I don't have one either! I think it's better with no date (;
My back fucking hurts.
Don't tempt me! I can't leave that store without loving most things in there. Including the adorable dishware.
wow! that's awesome!
if there were a cappella groups at my college I think I'd leave, but it's oh so fun to see what everyone is up to on good old fachebook
Thank you for all the support . Makes me really happy to be able to
Highly recommend the vibram 5s. After day one I was good to go with my eliptical workout.
A6 Confession: the closest I'll get to dancing 'in da club' is Country Night at Truth.
Don't even bother replying if all you're going to say is "oh lol"
Yay! I have a hair straightener!
Is it time for #Community yet?
Rebecca Tabbert and Joel Marion killed it this morning at the Fitness Business Summit.
Next up in my “Reliving 2011” video tour is the horrible Chiefs game. Think I’ll re-watch the 2nd (45-7) Vikings game instead!
don't mind at all =) good lookin out!!
Oh stress never quits chewing at nerves does it? CHIN UP!
Is the Hunger Games about cats?
The new live recording sounds badass.
My daddy was sellin out too. Hahahah
hell yeah! :( but lakers lost :)
Llistening to everyone around me spewing about people who spew oo much in Madison
Blake Griffin doesn't care if he's on the bench!! #TEAM comes FIRST!!
Oh okay. I always thought you were around here (NY)
I need to go tanning.
Really? I just want Santana to get a spinoff haha. Can't wait for 's album! Working out, chilling. You?
what's your goal on followers
Ah damn guess we still competing for Luck. But Rex played good 2day
Thanks for the retweet, ! Hope to see you at Friday's soon :)
Roses are red, violets are blue...Why not surprise mom with a flower....OF YOU!!!! Give us a call to rent our wearable bouquet!
some hacked my account!!!
Radelet: "Instances of violence has actually fallen in the African Countries we consider as developing and democracies."
best mac an cheese evaaahhhh
hey buddy, thanks so much. What are you up to? Any news? How is the "standup" show going? Lets try to hang out soon.
ha ok dude i gotcha......
Thanks, Zach. And of course you can too. *hug back*
No it isn't! It's funny!
Anyone up for a laugh? Don't follow
ugh my head hurts.
You're ugly.
You'll need a second site for sandbox testing - can give you a hand with any questions!
did you do ustream today?
Perrin singing Milli Vanilli???? You know its true. :) RT : Girl! You know you love this life!
Hope that's wrong. Hawks Would miss Bolly.
Jason Wu for Target, here I come!
Done with school! It's weird not having school. 5 weeks to live it up!
#DailyQuote: "The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp." - John Berry
At least Romney is being honest about his Etch-a-Sketchiness?
I want to ride on a motorcycle
just got home from school
IBM Introduces New Foundation For Mobile Computing
Omfgg drunk people are so funny
Hold off on that flight. Blasted sun back out already. I'll alert you to any pending feline action though.
Great night with a lot of awesome artists. Thanks #TheSunTheMoonTheStars, #Birdhand, , , the crowd, and !
Looking at MacBook Pros. My poor baby ha a dead battery and sounds like an airplane taking off. Guess that's what happens after 4.5 years...
Thanks! Let's talk shop end of next week. What day/time works for you? Happy New Year!
New Mexico Satellite Man thanks , , and Enterprise Rental Center for taking care of his truck, today!
We don't have specific expansion plans, but we're always happy to hear ideas. Where are you?
GOTTA have love for the fam ^_^
Come on Knicks damn!
Getting ready to judge the youth exhibits at statewide History Day in Idaho. Should be fun!
RT : We're very excited to cheer on our celebrity team at the Celebrity Video Game Challenge charity fundraiser...
u copied my name. Be more original ;).
Hi my name is Paul I like big dick in my loose asshole.
Excuse me?
my msg alert thingy -> new msg=<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>, msg didn't send=<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>, 3+ msgs=<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>, rest of the time=<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>...yes that's how the icon shows up it makes me laugh
u better stop that
I'm counting on you, mom!!
They finally expelled me...fuck it
a NASCAR fan, eh?
RT : Q2) How do people learn socially?
what is this? we'll be at the horseshoe October 8th... is that part of it? I wanna be part of this
San Diego's Sheriff Bill Gore is a huge big bang fan!!! who knew
Twitter makes me love people I've never met.
Thanks to I just sweat my a** off @ Bikram Yoga Milwaukee.... Only 19 more classes....
Stay away from any flaming Dr.Ps!!
Nice pic of beloved city.
Hi! Thanks for following Ms. Trina!
Awwwe. What's wrong, best friend!?!? :O Any way I can help you? And omg I missed you so much! #YouHaveNoIdea!
Apple fest in the home town of the #AmericanPickers! artisansgonegreen.com
be home by then. later?
My mom and dad are officaly Deacon and Deaconess. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!!!!
Off to Miami bitch
We made it to Friday! Come raise a pint of our just-tapped double IPA or petite saison! Or both!
Snow day. I'll probably be waiting in it for a long time. The bus I'm relieving most likely just past.
“: Only the red ones, there's something in that dye... #EtsyStoleMyIdea” .. Damn etsy strikes again
Tlkin to Justin Drew Bieber :P
LOL. Yes. He's alive. As far as I know at least. I didn't end up strangling him. :)
nope just the local then the LP.
Where does the white go when the snow melts?
what do you have going on in my town
Spell check. To not lose entries for "unique valid terms (like names)" maybe tap into authority records (for an ILS dict).
Let's get to stop in #roc on there way to toronto in April. I need kickass music to look forward to
I doubt it!!
Last night I dreamt The New Yorker was doing a theme issue about the letter U. Think of the possibilities! Uzbekistan, Uma, Underwear...
they have thoes everywhere o.O
Theres a lot to be happening in the future of Outofdablue!
LOL WHILE THERE RUNNING IM GONNA SLAP THERE ASS AN THROW DOLLARS LMAO
We made it to Florida!
so thirsty. vitamin water soundss soo bomb
you dumb for that move
Kick butt pal! Let me know how it goes!
Sounds amazing! Have a great trip!
Thanks you for the mention!
Jesus said "....." about homosexuality.
Stat: In 2009, Los Angeles County sentenced the same number of people to death as the State of Texas (13).
follow back?(:
No worries, I'm eating cookie dough instead!
on behalf of my mother: thank you.
"I have died everyday waiting for you. Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years. I love you for a thousand more."
Actually looking forward to class tomorrow. Weird.
I'm not for negative about go-go comments today. Keep that that shit to yourself...
Seen in the apple store and at the lidz at the Beverly center today in LA. I love LA man.
getting ready for a session with and Hollan...... Lets go people
Loving life in #Mizzou! we have a bonfire going! & we r now listening to #AlisonKrauss :)
Just had to do something I haven't had to do in a while...turn down a last minute gig at The Rave in Milwaukee tonight.
K! WILL BE THERE FOR ROSE!
Let me know if you find any great specials on some electronics...like Ipads...Thx...lol
It's about time, don't you think! :)
But this isn't empowerment! It is a way men control sexual & reproductive lives of women...and so is slut-shaming btw, Rush #Limbaugh (3of6)
awe so cute
Sorry for the lack of recent tweets, followers! Becca has been out of the office.
What a perfect Mother's Day gift! :)
she don't want to date anybody right now.. cuz she is too focused on college right now.
Muse cover band. Then you have a life full of fantastic days! Yes???
I live for the moments you can't put into words.
Truth. RT : i could really use an office with a door right now.
testimonial! Eileen Hattersley: "Lifespire has a great environment and is one the most respected companies I have ever been involved with."
Hey its Tia. Claires surgery didn't go to well... So we don't know what's gonna happen now.. :/
got it! Definitely , Craft and Commerce, The Waterfront, , Basic Pizza, The Neighborhood
Hey Brooklyn, so do you have Irv promotional flyers? If so hit me back, I could post them in downtown Chicago. Thanks.
I want NBA children marry me griner?
I got whatever
Bubble bath time!
Good Morrow Lady Bx.. Enjoy the remainder of the day's light
Might go on a walk in a little bit cause it feels nice outside :)
I was actually at the same bar as Erin potter, who as usual refused to acknowledge my presence.
hope u tune in i got fans asking for biti and sabrinas song=]
On which day?
i'm at busch gardens whee
Thinking about how to infuse a teacher credential program with technology.
I rode my bike across America this summer for Thanks for mentioning this great cause this morning!
Hi Kathleen! You are very welcome. You've always been very supportive of me. THANKS!
sometimes MS get it wrong..,
These next two weeks are gonna be harder than I thought.. But Poland better be ready, bc I'm bout to tear it up!
PARTY TOMORROW, YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?!?!?!? HOT BOIIIS(;
room renovating, much? i freakin' love the new look.
GoCard access to Pre-Clinical Science Bldg. down temporarily, but the problem is being fixed.
Potowmack Elementary student says, "I have learned so much from Spanish...por favor reconsidera la idea de cortar mi clase favorita."
Na you're good. Yes, we did a mock game. Just one round, no fast money. That's basically it though...
That feeling when you have three browsers & 41 tabs open and an audio advertisement starts playing. WHERE IS IT COMING FROM?!?!?!
this was before he was in btr
natural curls..grow it out some more! will look awesome
This time it isn't selfish and overbearing
Stupid me
Dear Miami people, a question isnt an autograph lol.
These delicious tiny tangerines make me feel like a giant:)! Very yummy!
loving not loving this week's temps.
hey guys this is justin bieber and I'm gunna say this at the beginning of everything even though the whole world knows who I am.
no thank goodness, one of the pairs were my Louboutins!
why is #augustrush trending right now? What, was #loveactually in the bathroom?
Wishing everyone a wonderful day with their VALENTINE!
Getting ready foods being cooked Lets get it
cause i'm living here in A-Town. aka Allentown
just relized every Jonas child has a twitter but frankie and all in that order too
Umpph. RT : Justin Timberlake you TRAITOR! You better be on the Memphis sidelines tomorrow afternoon!
i don't think so either, she has probably turned a corner in her life
You have classic crack head potential
Follow us on Twitter!
I can forgive your screaming child that throws toys, but you need to shhh with your stomping and loud phone calls if ur living on 2nd floor
One of my favorite #RedSox bullpen fails ever.
editing my blog. making some changes.
Psalm 34:12 Whoever of you loves life and desires to see many good days,
No doubt thanks for having us
City softball tournament going on. Got a win last nite, quarter finals 2nite! Let's go S.o.b.'s
I'll go the extra mile to make you smile
Get all the sleep you need this week because next week we start the ABF with a pre-party on Wednesday! See you on the dance floor! ;)
check out all the movies English people are just ugly, or do you get that from your aunt, I mean your mom
“: That awkward moment when you get crumbs in your bra.”omg, this just happened to me!
Congrats! Can't wait to read!
Thinking about my sister Shambrea ( )
Need a Larry The Quaker mascot!?
every game, all the games
Rhythm-and-blues singer Ralph Tresvant (New Edition) is 44. Actor David Boreanaz is 43. Political correspondent Tucker Carlson is 43.
Okay Chad, that is just wrong to torture me like that!
I can be so stupid sometimes.
Probably ate a bug too.
what school district are you?? I'm NISD
Oh shyt I'm late gotta head to the studio
Spongebob really got me and Jay dying right now, lolol.
Welcome to the REAL Assembly Hall Basketball with #championship banners. See u tonight for the battle against UofI & triple points!
haha! :* , text me got something to tell you!!
aaahh. Thank you soo much! I hope I get to go,I would LOVE to meet them<3
Oh no, I did in fact work for 10 hours. But I barely worked all quarter up until this point ;)
Came to denver as part of First Data. "Making Denver more global will make Denver a great place"
Maybe in 2015 my bad relationship with this franchise can finally end. Thanks for another wasted season #isles it never gets new
awesome! RT : I know I feel bad for not attending, but I've been out walking for all day!
caught the interview on WNYC, that's while I'm now following your behind. Interested in the SBSW workshop, "HTBB"
Lol I just realized I have like a lot of he. Whoops. I should get on that
In need of a tat.
have a sweaty blast! I wanna come with you guys next time you go! cc:
“: You know, I think and have a future in car chase play-by-play” Agreed, quite compelling.
Tonight on at Ten: jetfuel leaks from Mitchell Aiport pipe into sewer water. We ask county officials: who pays for the cleanup?
Headed to Midway for my trip
Thanks, pal.
Never ignore a cry for help because it might just be their final plea.
This Prince of Persia movie is good. Can't believe I've never scene it before.
Your name is like my name, but in a different way!
AW! Thanks so much! You made my night! <3
I really really really really really miss basketball
Opening Day at Parkview Field with the Fort Wayne TinCaps is only 17 days away!
but u look like a pimp wit no swag
FIRST SHOW SOLD OUT ~ 2ND SHOW ADDED - COMEDIAN KEVIN HART AT HAMPTON COLISEUM ON SAT 2/11 AT 11:30PM - ON SALE TODAY AT 10AM
nope! Yall wish i was over there! But too bad lol
Listening to I agree with the hype so far.
Oh, thats a bit too harsh. Let me put a `lol` at the end of it.
In WaPo's A to Z of area gardens, I have visited 12. Butterflies Hawaii Island Jazz Knot Lunar Mary's Osprey Smithsonian Tiny Xavier Yellow
THAT is one sweet ass pic!!! You guys are ROCK!!!
Optionz FL will be participating in the "Brides Day Out" event at the Blue Martini Feb 12 11-4pm. Stop by and check us out!!
Yeah come -- you should be able to just walk in. 55 5th Ave.
RT : Empowerment & Eggs has ended, but the conversation is still going. Join us with
Liam's afraid of spoons... Are you trying to kill him??
Aww, yay! :) RT : #thatcampphilly is full of the friendliest digital humanities people this side of the Mississippi
old pickup w/fascinating sticker collection—PRO: bush, marines, women, equal rights, guns, law, darwin—ANTI: clinton, doctors, lawyers, god.
Hit Me Up
I would give both of yall L's. Pacers or the spurs
who needs a photographer when all you need is a camera phone & a bathroom mirror!
Anyone tried Mary Catherine's new blackberry cobbler yet?
Use it to post my blogs.
Need to get away!!
Southbound and down with CDB, Journey, JCash, Eddie Rabbitt, JReed and Brad Paisley cranked. That would be a JAM session!
an idea for a mini: damian wayne is batman..kills ras al guel and lives forever using the lazarus pits.
Got my flowers planted on Mother's Day, now to put the veggie garden together. Need anti-deer ideas. They ate all the peppers last summer.
great point to create cost/benefit analysis of committee meetings... is it worth $$ to make that decision?
:) that's okay! nice to see you on my feed. been thinking of you this week.
Told ya so! :P CONGRATULATIONS on your #SAJA reporting award.
baby can i get a refill? ;-)
A hundred thousand girls hearts just broke when they heard say the L. Word not me I say congrats thankfully it wasn't
Huh? RT started work at Green Bay's FOX affiliate on December 26, 2011. have not lost a game since.
Give Me Love By Ed Sheeran <3
I haven't been here in more than 30 days. The wine's still strong, the nights are long but the faces have all changed. ~ADeadletter
Passport to Style Event this Thursday!
haha - I didn't even catch that until now!
btw the other night me & were playing some battlefield, in the bazar I went 12-0 straight
Friday night, happy hour time!
You actualy have free comics?? We don't have any. Just Marcia Clark coming to visit.
Some dude at the mall wanted to fight me cause apparently I shouldn't of said hi to "his girl"... I swear some ppl haha
all of my happi moments hav been raining weddin, birth of child,nkotb cruise etc
Kevin Kavanaugh 1 felony count for also stealing from our veterans
I work at We offer a 30 day free trial. Email me if you have other q's - :)
<U+2665> Good morning. Woke up late today. Still very tired....
Couldn't stay awake past 10:30 last night...so I'm up early! And ready to tackle the day!
haha!:)Is it cold up there?!
Taking off my media analysis hat for a moment, I just watched Mr. Popper's Penguins and it was adorable. FWIW, perfect ending to a long day.
I wonder if it's too late to follow my childhood dream of becoming a breakfast cereal taste tester.
Ran into Katy Perry crowd in downtown St. Paul. Messed up my science museum parking.
...are not part of our national memory. There is something heart wrenching about the widely shown images and film clips of the event...
": UCF got a $5m grant to help with training of workers in the STEM areas (Science Tech Engineering and Math) #WHsummit"
Eat seafood harvested in a sustainable way "What do u think is the easiest way to help our oceans?"
Work here in a min.its gonna be interesting. Well hmu ig
RT : Q2 We may have to make smaller chunks of learning if the cloud allows for quicker short bursts of access. #clouduc8 <agree
Is there a telephone company in America that uses American call centers excusively for its American customers?
Looking for a GREAT Stocking stuffer? Mini Moo's are only $2.99 plus tax and will make anyone a happy camper! Get yours before they are gone
Need my nails did n my toes..they looking a little ghetto over here
The moment you decide to stop learning, you give up on life..
As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me
OMG look whos on twitter
I Remember Freshman Year I Always Walked Fast To Class So I Wouldn't Be Late , Now I Just DGAF
you should've saved that blank tile.
Bittersweet RT : If you're in NYC/DC and need dog-walking, you should use my friend's company: www.lesstalkmorewalk.com
Lets go White Sox in the Crosstown Classic!!
With lies you may go ahead in the world - but you can never go back ~ Russian Proverb
Can some one explain to me what the be iconic camp is ??????
MT : We declare this Friday to be Hoosier Nation Day! All loyal #IU fans should wear cream & crimson.
Dark, acid comedy, too.
and he drank all the soda .
; keep hating.You just jelly, hoe. :)
So we were re-routed to SAV. Bummer. Wonder when I'll get home.
hahahah i use pick up lines on guys. this one is really good. "i dont mean to impress you, but im batman"(;
Up early to go to the largest Labor Day parade west of the Mississippi!
genius marketing: Bieber has 21 million followers on twitter
Im having a label contest Know of any good labels to enter for FREE? E-mail them to
stay strong :) I've lost an uncle your not the only one we love you!!! And we are all here for you x
asdfghygtrfde u have a bf?! Details.
Everybody should go out and buy the new john mayer cd when it comes out trust me its worth it
Love when my clients are happy! Engagement Brunch was a hit!!!!
Today is #FoodDriveFriday! Bring us your canned goods and we'll donate them to Capital Area Food Bank. In return, get 10% off your bill :)
Well Duhh Cause I Just Followed Yu Back.
Nice to get the first #Yankees win out if the way.
I don't wanna be a dick, but to have the guy and the girl to shoot out in the 3pt contest is really unfair. For a number of reasons.
follow me please follow me please
#sconnienation represented at the
Big announcement coming!
haha. Here's a translation of my jibberish: "Oh my god....its perfection..."
RT : RT : Most HR & recruiters look at functional resumes as ur trying 2 hide something.
I have GOT to schedule my visits better to catch the catfish before it swims away...lol
You are so annoying!!!!
Join us tonight for the season's first Cheese Fondue Sunday. A fun dish to share - guaranteed to keep you warm on a cold winter night.
lol but I'm done too bad you don't have anyrhing better to do, you aren't even worth my time to sin via twitter
Heading over to house to watch the new Game of Thrones. Fucking nerdy.
what's going on good sir? I know you're eagerly anticipating this summer break!
is off t o Mesopotamia.
#GhettoNickNames any name that is doubled is ghetto
Mother's Day gift cards available! Show Your Mom or Wifey so hair Love!
My hair doesn't lay right for me to wash it and wear it kinky curly. It just looks a hot mess when I do that. Lol.
Nap time.
will only eat again if very drunk or very hungover. So, often.
I officially HATE braces!!!
how come I can't have Siri! My Samsung Galaxy S2 is still the best though
It is a sad day when you go into a bookstore and cannot find an Alistair MacLean book on the shelves.
My mom is like yelling at me.. Like stfu idc.. Tht guy deserved it idc howuch pain he is in
A lot of people don't deserve the kindness they receive
yeah I do but that doesn't really matter...& yeah I didnt mean to write that so
Kick back & relax @ Prospect&Grill in La Jolla w/ a bottle of SKYY & VIP table for $99! With 60% off, don't let this deal pass you by!
1 blue book, 2 scantrons, 2 packs of advil, and a pack of pencils. Sounds like a midterm day shopping list to me!
Ugh got a new cock ring can't get it off in on lol its on for good
nice 1st qtr Spurs, finish them!
yes indeedy. a delicious 5-10 min. walk away...
omg ididnt know that really where at ??
To send or not to send <U+E404> YOLO
Love you
My tooth medicine makes me so tired
Why do hospitals refer to even calling it the Emergency Room... It is a room all right not social? You will be after the EMERGENCY. 5+ hours
I don't like people being down but For what ever reason you are special (: don't forget that you matter <33
Diana thank you for taking the time from your busy schedule to travel to the shop, we really appeciate and value your input!
Is something still scaring you?
I no how much u really want somebody want somebody that don't really need u,I know how much you really want somebody, that ain't tryna keep.
Thanks guys! Means the world to us.
fallow me please
okay she said thank you and to tell people her username is :)
yeah my parents finally let me come back :p
Biology class....bo
I shine, you shine.
I'm down dey on yu RT : I want some boneless wings today
Darn! I can't make it to NY that day. I do hope to see the HuffPost Books team soon.
busy week ahead with a couple of super early starts, can't wait for the weekend, and its only monday *cry*
You're never alone when you're with another person.
Man we have school tomorrow -.-
same ol same ol unc... Working and acting... U straight?
Note to self: broccoli doesn't like being in the crock pot that much. Sorry spring broccoli!
*cough* *cough* u wish
I don't fully understand physics but I'm not out here misrepresenting it. Doing so would be irresponsible on my part.
and when Will I see ya!?
I feel your pain! Just sat in a waiting room for 50 mins w/my 2 yr old. Autism101 #autism + waiting = MELTDOWN!!!!
I'm all for free speech but there should be a law to protect kids from seeing this stuff. Absolutely ridiculous.
Just for the record, no I'm not a true MC, I just do it cuz its fun, but don't get it get it confused, because music itself is my
Rare as true love is, true friendship is still rarer.
Thank you , for becoming our 200th follower <3
I missed the bus...
Hell ya buddy. Brewers are home though, so Ill be working all weekend, but Saturday is a day game so sat. night might be best.
There's a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
My senior year sucked donky dick!! But the shit me n my friends did on the weekends made up for it
I feel like watching One Tree Hill and listening to all the background music! Lol!
This movie is so weird .
Good Morning Friends. We are only 4 days away from Election Day! My campaign team and supporters are pushing hard. We would love to get...
lol youll win with that slogan
“Peace begins with a smile..” <U+2015> Mother Teresa
Caltrans made the right choice on I-5 expansion; it’s the least intrusive, moves people & commerce, and protects the environment.
I am so sick that if I was in Oregon Trail...I would have gotten left at the last hunting spot to make room for the deer that were shot
doing well and u. Must say ur shirtless pics r hot :)
Its incredible how things can go from a simple question to threatening in 10 minutes...what happened to us?
When are you finally going to the mountains? I had to massacre like 30 last night bc I've developed an irrational fear of moths
The white sox called for the national anthem!
ah great punk music. Nothing quite like it!
Green N Brown offers eco friendly and organic products that let you make better choices for yourself, your community and the planet.......
Why do people have to b so confusing???
lunch tomorrow or check the website
My name is humpty pronounced with an umpty.
Teen wanted The second summer of the sisterhood, the second Traveling Pants book.
Damn your avi makes me weak as hell ! Lol
Love me some day baseball
don't call couldn't find- we found the number I was looking for online
I love not having to go to 6th period. Especially since the weather has gotten so nice.
Valentine's Day Breakfast Recipes Start Valentine's Day on a special note with these fun and tasty Valentine's Day breakfast recipes . My
seems like the jets sign raven players and we sign Houston players and now
Wow Vito is a mad man on pipe!!!
Queens that don't know their lyrics and wonder why they didn't get any tips...
Love you too lady!
TNT should consider putting an "If Necessary" next to games three and four of the Spurs vs. Jazz series.
OT PEEPS
It's been overcast here most of the day and occasionally rainy. Good for reading, for sure!
Yes OKC up 2-0. 5% teams come back to win the series!
RT Congrats to our GOP city council nominees in Tulsa County. Solid group of candidates!
I just want my pants back
I'm gona be all alone on valentines day. will you be my valentine? <3333333333 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you'd better!
Life is not Black or White, You are Covered or Naked
Thanks for you comment and RT Mary Jo - very kind and much appreciated.
Time to go to work
and....the new menu is here. tell us what you think
Tell a girl she’s pretty, and she won’t believe you. Tell her she’s ugly and she will believe it forever.
oh my gosh the stuff you sell is so amazingly pretty and not to mention cool. I love your store!
really?? Doesn't sound too yummy at all
I need to get back to band practice
“The scientific name for a western lowland gorilla is 'Gorilla gorilla gorilla" #formbanana #PeelBanana #GoBananas!
Expertise. "It's taken me all my life to learn what not to play." Dizzy Gillespie
the last part, {.Tweet.} should be [Tweet]
Got *that* Email this morning. Guess you'll be seeing my judging skillzzzzz again.
That would at least reverse the curent hierarchy.
So I told my gym teacher about and us mahomies today cuz she read my bracelet so then she looked him up & said "he's amazing"
Yes! It takes discipline and self-control to say "NO" to the temptation to clean, and say "YES" to investing in kindling the ROMANCE
why did the power just go off?
Yep. Happy to have finally filled this one.
Thanks! Now all I gotta do is get somebody to pay for my trip...
Thanks for the follow back! Providing some great information so far!
Looking forward to DJ Dredd and another Prince dance party at Black Cat Sunday night!
Add new interest to an old hairstyle by changing the line you use to part your hair!
haha! Except the ladies...theyve let me down!
I think it works...and covers about half of the people in Ireland.
Jeannine Morber () "Social media is about people, not technology". Indeed!
No worries, mate! Closest flames r 20 miles away! LOTS of mountains & firebreaks between us!
King Crab Leg special tonight! Other seafood & veggie options available. Seeing Mary Poppins? Dine with us & we'll shuttle you to the...
where u work
Actually, yes. I'm just gettin' some links out and going to sleep.
How's the flow everyone?
Yesterday : me : uh uh quin what are you listening too . Justin: haha devil worshiping music lmao too funny .
just watched DARKON last night... a poignant commentary on contemporary life.
manifest.true
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this, all those fairy tales are full of shit
Thanx Roger, your a great inspiration to follow my dreams:)
Turns out Walker recall signer Fungky Van Den Elzen is real, leaving just 4 fake names struck
Thanks, Karen! Lovely site & beautiful garments. :)
Dear Ohio House of Reps: get the hell out of my uterus. We are in a domestic partnership, and it is not complicated. Kthxnbye!
Im not here to please anyone, so either you like me or you dont. It dont mater
Just made these bomb ass noodles lol
Friends! Caroline and I are reading tomorrow at AS220 at 5:30. Fiction! Poetry!
"People often confuse recognition for acceptance. If you hear and see something enough times, you begin to think that you like it."
#Favorite2011PackerMemories First time seeing and his eyes, nah JK. No but seriously, yes bromo.
so hard to revision it
girl: that is the worst. too. many. hours. they don't pay you enough for that bullshit.
i thought so; you're too adorable to be loose lolol. ;p
work. work. work. It's all play when you love everyday.
Sunny & warmer tomorrow high 74. Low 80s on Saturday. 85-90 on Sunday & Monday. Cooling into the 70s on Tuesday with continued sun!
Can't wait to see you there!
i know right. My friends always look at me like I'm nuts when I pull one of those out of my purse
Dressed like a total 'Kohl's Mom' today. Or maybe the 'Church Lady Aunt'. It's kind of funny.
Who likes the black keys up in hurrrrrrrr?!
Yippee! I'm off tomorrow!!!
Stay tuned for the Christmas message via homily..
": hey Staffy ;) where are you?" Where ever you want me to be beautiful <3
First fast responsive and mobile ... Four key firsts
I Love you MI AMOR<U+2665>
Brad Peyton doesn't exactly strike me as a step in the right direction, but I hope I'm proven wrong about that.
Our Celebration of Teaching starts at 4pm today! Hope you can be there!
Glad to hear that Maxwell! Let me know if you have any questions!
Happy Easter weekend Coopsters! We will be open from 10:00-3:00 this Sunday and will be serving a fan favorite... MAC N CHEESE!
Wow, intense!
1. Understand PEOPLE raise $ 2. Strategic plan- know goal- set as standard 3. let your network work for you- give them tools.
Thanks for checking them out - still have to add captions. Busy catching up after the great program earlier this week.
Mayor Hardberger says this is his 10th march, and it's diffrent than all others. 'That dream is coming true ... because of our new Presi ...
I'm blowing your feed up today! Less than an hour countdown left until it's #Tiger #Woods time! Let me know what you think he'll shoot
NASA collects 10TB of data _per day_. Wow. We need a planetful of brains to hack all that data!
Yes he knows that UK is thin at DT, in weight at that spot his mother is from Kentucky, he just wants a shot! He loves the SEC
7SINS-PIG PRESENTS NEW"WILD WEDNESDAY'S"CONTE$T!'S CABARET 4516 N.19th AVE w/Dj MANAGE EVERY1 2FOR1 U CALL ITS&BUCKETS NO COVER w/txt
it was no recording dude it was me he never sayed that in a recording on what i said
We are ALL liking the Bulls -2.5 for Sunday!
Thanks! you have so many great dresses right now!
The room is starting to get full for the upcoming session with on incentive plan design
RT : Why doesn't #txla12 make blogger tables available? Some place w power outlets would be nice.
RT Longing for a purpose? Help get the body they want & 2 change their diet.: TinaRandall.net
If I made doughnuts, I’d make dark chocolate glazed espresso doughnuts with a hint of sugar in the raw sprinkled on top.
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
COFFEE ALMOST FELL ON THE FLOOR
ya'll hit up for those cuts and more -
Why Is So Cute ?
Just gonna go on through life pretending I live in a John Hughes movie from now on.
I wish..
“: “: Philly Philly”. Where y'all stayin at” the Hilton
I'd be very impressed if I met a nitrocellulose otaku (early plastic, notoriously flammable).
The heat wave vol 1 will change a lot of people's lives forever who are close to me
Happy Birthday! I hope your day is everything you want it to be.
You are such an amazing gymnast
Lovie should've challenged that.... he was clearly down before crossing the goal line.
was it an Iqbal?
Bout to take over Scottsdale on our last night..
they're not even coming to Ohio though! I'm going all the way to Detroit to see them :/
By Jennifer Jefferson: DIY: Tie Dye Jeans
THIS PERFOMANCE WAS AMAZING!!!!
Laying in bed.. sleepy "(, blah mood.
Check out our Crash Courses at #WineRiot NYC:
Good Morning DC family...What are you doing this year to better your mind, body & soul...Are you working on you?
looks like someone forgot Labor Day is a holiday... now to revise my syllabi again. Drat!
Are there even super heroes of Australasia? Tasmanian Devil and KiwiGirl?
happy birthday (: your finally 14 have an amazing day<33 I love you
I think I'm going to check out 50 Shades of Grey. Many people seem to like it.
Sat down to start #ScriptFrenzy. Instead, watched Good Wife ep from 2 wks ago before it went off the site, b/c I missed DVRing it.
RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE. Oh, that was the audience?
I liked what Conan said when Ron said I just got excited "I'd hate to be around you on your birthday when the cake comes out"
My Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man, Andrew Garfield!
I want to lay in bed with me and sing me to sleep every night.
i agree W/ wat he sayin except the fab kiss jim dont help..fab helped budden/freck/ran/bundles..jim had byrdgang/max..Kiss mad VS'
People kill me tweeting WRONG information!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Children...these are called INSTRUMENTS. They make REAL MUSIC.
Is u a white chick with no Brest?
Thanks so much, Stella, and I look forward to hearing from you!
wow she got kinda ugly
Meet , author of An Overview of the Changing Role of the Systems Librarian (bit.ly/9Az9wh), at #CIL booth 430!
Tired... Really tired..
Oh the thrill of being on deadline. Sometimes it's hit or miss. This may have been a mediocre "we'll let it slide"...
Looks great! Just letting you know though, I think something got messed up with the format/layout of the writing sample.
can u please follow mean the world to me if u do I love u guys with all my heart please follow me please
Whoever ran into Tin Lizzy's with their car stinks!! As long as I can still get my sinless margs and three amigos tonight, I'm happy.
I went to see The Lucky One...I really liked it :)
“The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.” <U+2015> E.B. White
Are you taking submissions for Vegas thrillers?
I'm a goof ball.
having lived in Dallas, it would take a rare restaurant to tear me away from the empanadas truck
It's coming soon. Putting on finishing touches
scary to say the least lol
Very true. Network hiccups happen constantly, no matter where you are. Even my phone's 3G isn't always reliable.
Best 5 Sleeping Pads for Summer Camping Trips to South Georgia
According to the relational interpretation of quantum mechanics, you observed me speeding, but I didn't. So there.
q2) Yes we have changed to try and provide the information to our users more efficiently, less hunting and pecking
Derby Lane Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover currently stands at $23,152.00 and growing! Play tonight in Races 5 and 7.
A special thanks to and for giving me a fantastic stage I'll be back before you can say Speed Racer!
How can someone u love someone so much but they can hurt uu the most?:,(
RT : It's official MGMT is sold out
- Thank you again lovely! Enjoy your Sunday :) :)
Anyone notice all the small white dudes on the Kentucky bench? Talk about freeloaders
Thanks. I will add that to my "places to drink in..." list.
Love you!! saved the day! She answered the phone...love u figga!! xo
busted a blood vessel trying to take out a contact last weekend. It's much better than it was!
Relationships last longer when facebook doesn't know about them.
you were good though! :o
he's also the best character in the show, hence the lines
My first time at Wrigley and the win! Go Cubs Go!
How talks "hey man whats up" how I hear him "hey why dont you go back to your pepper truck terrorist" lol but he is really nice.
Fuck it P town it is...
no problem! Thank you!
oh I hope it doesn't freeze. It just keeps getting a little warmer here, then it'll snow, then freeze...melt...freeze..ugh
It's a nice Thursday in NYC. Going to catch the Yankees game later... My 1st baseball game. Should be fun
been a season ticket holder since early 90's and this BS is more frustrating than the Telfair/Quintell Woods years...
hey alejandra!! Have a great day too!
Off to London tonight!!! Bring on the Bangers and Mash!!
My hell haters get the freak off twitter you say shit about anymore you might have a boot in your ass!
Minimization / of spurious syllables / Always the best choice //
I'm working on that part now...I think it's Roman's Oasis at 9:30....standby for more details
why is DNC not investing in #widems & #walker #recall according to media reports?
well hello, "alexi w" [;
Such fun! RT : Florence and the Machine tix go on sale today Who wants to go with me?
#askzayn what's your favorite pancake/ waffle topping ??
Seski run into construction between Bend and Eugene so leave highway and take to forest trails. This cause confusion and delay. Seski sad.
My point is that if religion was not codified into law in the first place, perhaps these civil rights battles would not have been necessary!
rightt!! You wouldve killed it with the new uniforms on
Time to get to the money
Yeah no shit. that's why i said i was okay with it. jesus christ kid. bet you've been waiting all week for me to say something
ugly jimmy?
thanks for liking MEMORIAL Branch Library FaceBook page just getting started w/FB after years of tweeting~ book people unite! :)
UTD GSA meeting tomorrow (Thurs) at NOON in JO 3.930. Meet Alice Salazar, our new Graduate Coordinator. We're brewing Starbucks coffee!
That awkward moment when someone follows you on #instagram and they don't have ONE single follower.
I had to call 911 today. Weird.
thanks! “: Great article!”
Np: Bag Of Money
wait 30 seconds and tweet me again
your making me wanna get a cat more and more
I love April more than anything. Ever. :)
“ headed to to get a medi and pedi!!!”
We're basically super heroes lol speakng of which leggo to #TheAvengers next week! I'm gonna watch all the movies this weeknd!
today is my birthday, can i get a shout out?
Good news: we're expecting a large shipment of before next week.
Now-- gelato at Pitango for desert for a fun Baltimore evening.
d-wade is doing his best jon lucas impersonation right now
Stacked up.
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire
are you still riding, nerd?
stop by the AD store this week, we'll hook u up with some Johnny D Stacks
" I just realized you moved! Where to?" // I'm in Dallas! It was an unexpected move, but I love 2012 so far! You too, right? ^_^
Broke my phone screen
Anyone who argues that our $300 per night promo is too high doesn't belong here. I'm sure the Hilton Garden Inn would love your business.
0% chance of rain, sunny and 60 degrees this Saturday. Could not ask for anything more perfect for a 3 pm game.
Indeed & in age of flexible schedules, having a dedicated line helps you know when it's OK to call.
Could you send that link to the article. Love cuban's research.
School Bus vs. SUV fatal ax update: ME says the SUV driver, 27yo Contessa Holt of Milwaukee, died. It appears she ran a red light.
Pulse, Whisper, Dracula 2000 and They!!
just saw a frame for my commercial god its god LOL.
Hey how are you, if there is a show coming that you think my artist Gloomy Lah can perform please hit me up, thank you. Orphanz
How much do you budget for social media and website in your business?
Agreed: I had to plug my laptop into my stereo system, hope they fix it!
if jay-z and lil wayne didn't have the same last name, the song "mr. carter" wouldn't be nearly as effective.
I can see mee now!, sleeping n EVERY class!!
Thanks, Gene. U da man!
Check your email please thank you Underrated Tour
We playin irving plaza this Saturday! Come get your waddle on
That mercy song is cold, I Wil,rap of that beat, seriously
I play basketball on Sundays and I'm a very spiritual guy; I read a lot of Eastern philosophy and I meditate. Garry Shandling
If adjuncts make up more than 1/2 your faculty, shouldn't we have more than 1/2 of the seats on the governing bodies?
Spent way too much money at Target today....that store is my downfall! I will say though, that I got lots of goodies for the money!
I miss the days when and would see my tweets & reply/favourite them:(
Who does or completes these studies tho ??
If I want to be accepted as I am, then I need to be willing to accept others as they are. - Louise L. Hay
3am and awake? Come down for a grilled cheese and tater tots with a side of ranch. The 5 Point is full of interesting people right now.
Thank you !
Y are people so impatience & rushing when they drive? Cruise when u drive, enjoy the surroundings. Life is to short to rush through it.
Anybody out there interested in beta testing our pre-release versions of #WebCamWindow? There *might* be something in it for you. :)
I'm going to mention how I need to see drive-thru menus at the eye doctor Saturday.
Feeling lonely :( I need a relationship :/
#np juiced up by
finally... everyone's gone.. peace and quiet at last :)
hehe, i mean underperformed in the series. deserved win for the rangers.
babe, what's wrong? :/
happy birthday
come in for new happy hour special! Hot Italian beef sandwiches. every wednesday
I love you.
Ahaha. Fun test!
$164 to goal, less then 48 hours?
Newt Gingrich finally raps up his 12 hour withdrawl from the presidential race speech! OK, I'm exxagerating slightly : )
RT If God wanted us to think like men, he would have formed us from Adam's brain instead of his sensitive rib. - stay in your lane.
Lets see what today brings us!
How do I stop the sweet notifications to my email?
Gotta be summer, right? So you can see Theo's Cubbies take the field? I hear the historic Dram Shoppe saved us a couple stools.
Jon Kyl was a looper for the Dalai Lama. A looper, you know, a caddy, a jock.
I ain't a begging mutherf...., but ni%%a please....damn go hard.
yea yea - let's do that real soon. p.s., I love Maeby pictorials, so good!
hello there
Excited to do my reference resource review! Chose a good one. :)
Guess what movie I'm seeing and I'll give you free tickets to a show. One person wins! Go!
Congratulations to Allen & Gerritsen for their #1 ranking as top 30 best places to work in Boston! Great team there!
mom, more hot pockets
Transportation day's in full swing @ Balloon Museum Lighter Than Air Fair: Rail Runner, Unser Racing & Wheels Museum are all here!
You know I would.
at this point I'm hoping the customers at my local Goodwill appreciate the treasures but somehow I doubt it
9/16, 8 p.m., Clark 102, Dream Corps U.Va presents documentary "Children Left Behind" about children in rural China.
i am drinking beer from a fireman's bucket to catch up.
but i’m missing way too much, so when do give up what i’ve been wishing for.
My coworker just informed me that on Friday I can bring a healthy treat or ....gee, thanks for the option.
gratz on installing the brakes! Looking forward to some bike maintenance this weekend myself.
Landshark=new favorite beer. Merry christmas to me!
Word of the day...paraskevidekatriaphobia!
Sure thing. Any preference?! ;)
omg! Deep dish! One of those alone will feed a family of four for a week.
Checkout and #follow #twitterartexhibit - open call
right back at you #CHEERS!
perfect night for rosé - reminds me of summer.
It's hard to believe it's Christmas with all these people running around here in shorts!
John, Greetings , I also cover the team :)
That annoying moment when you post a funny status and there’s that one person who ruins it by saying something serious."
How many sushi rolls can you eat in 2 hours? Find out at Happy Hour, 5-7
Agreed, but WOW he's avoided some jams.
I don't care how ridiculous it sounds but I miss Amy Winehouse like she was a best friend of mine Seriously sad Other things on my mind too.
okay cool, tomorrow or Friday i will take a trip & grab a couple. i love #craftbeer as well
Really wish you'd call...
Wow that hurts.I'd feel disrespected.Ppl think I'm straight because I don't have a typical gay personality.As if that exists
I got Ariana's back.
RIGHT?! sometimes it so redic how much time i spend on them
Anticipating results of
Here "We Go"- Nope didn't work.
Why is Adilia trying to get me drunk?
how likely is Portland a landing spot??
If you fuckin all dese dog ass hoes why talk bad about them yu jus as filthy as dey is
hahaha there it is, every friday the nick carter follow.
hehehe. It sucks when you grow a size though, getting all new bras and stuff
my mom really just called me on the phone to get something out the car when she's upstairs. -___-
Get a jump on the job hunt. Resume rush is tomorrow. Email resumes to .edu.
I wish I had a kitten, but I'm allergic :(
RT : Due to NBA debacle, please buy Shine by &/or donate to Mathew Shepard Foundation
Here is to a morning filled with beautiful fog, friendship, and possibilities. Give thanks.
Playing monopoly, listening to jazz, drinking stranahans whiskey.
Lets do it!!!
No I actually wouldn't try hooking up with you, conceited much?
Every night right before I go to bed my mom gets on the phone. And since she is old she screams into the phone and now I can't sleep.
Obama just passed by. Missed the photo opp. Arrgh!!
it's pretty good lol the porn stars are sexy haha
Sunny everyday this week(:
thanks grandma for giving 103 notifications on facebook. you could've just liked the whole album instead lol.
is it alright to say "Happy Mothers Day if applicable"...
we booth just have hoot rooms ):
Zombies are my new favourite thing.
everyone loves a good hair day! no frizz to be found at CTC headquarters on this splendid afternoon....
Facebook, twitter or Instagram?
HACKED ALERT
Susan Augustine presenting on #osci project ('s digital book project) and doing proud.
let him know a key thing called #Trust .... JusSayin ;))
This. I need Ray Ray RT : FUCK YOU GOLTV WHY ARE YOU NOT SHOWING THE BARÇA MATCH
My face is so tan. But I have ugly tan lines.
I hear that!
Yeah so nice title lol
yep I know Kute... he's great. good luck.
For this, I can only smile.
Navy says Naval Station Norfolk will close Gate 3A on weekends beginning Friday, May 18. So, don't go that way
That's all for us today. You can always call our Customer Service office if you need help buying tickets: 800-947-1081. Good night!
lol This is true haha yeah I can't wait though for this week to be over finals really suck lol I hatte studying
look at you
FINALLY HOME
But what IS experimental bedroom pop? I understand experimental. I understand pop. What part of the music qualifies you as "bedroom?"
Ok no one cares so stfu u dum hoe
No gain without pain.
I'm glad someone else knows how it is. :p
For real. Ridiculous tonight.
Can you say "Parking the bus"?
parallel parking sucks. glad I have a good teacher. because it sucks.
Dirk not enough to stop the Mavs slide
“: Ma ma ma momma said”
Passed 30k total downloads today. Didn't really expect that when I started, but it's really cool.
is at Peets on 3rd before another day of WWDC.
i wish It was monday....i want my braces of!
morning loves
its 'cause I packed him a huge ass snapper xD
Like your privacy? You don't have to put anything on social media site you don't want to share. Create generic account.
How awesome that someone made a silent film in the year 2012. That's just so cool, amirite guys?!!?!?
I was at my funeral n all tge wrong people was there
#engchat Loved your book! Thanks for being here!
omg thats disgusting yuck cockroaches are nasty man
need to do something with them naps
Thanks for following Lyndsay.. !
Got the cutest boots to wear in Ohio, and it decided to hit 80 degrees! :-(
charles barkley one thing the mavs have that you will never have , is a big fat CHAMPIONSHIP RING ! what a dumb ass !
I'm sleepy... But I don't want to wake up and have to go to work! Blap!
Your welcome! Your going to have a great year! See you at the Realtors happy hour in Temecula Thursday! Wine & Cheese! Yes!
It's so Damn boring @ work
Thank you for your support and mention to follow me you two are amazing =]
is awesome. Follow them for opportunities for undergraduate poets.
I'll bet she loves me more...and she has never met me! I can at least marry her in all 50 states.
Regardless of the shit call, we are going to Game 7!
Congrats of , elected VP University Affairs of at !
gone with the wind. and there's always hope…
loves BECU. If you live in WA and don't have an account there, you should.
for the record you guys are all rock royalty. Thanks for the q&a, best of luck w/ the new record!
On a 3 hour car ride with a dead ipod . :/
Bring me back un poofy!
You're baking and reporting traffic...Now that is something special!
I'm convinced owning a house turns one into a pansy. I've gone from web searches of sports and models to chandeliers and window coverings.
Man shit been ugly the last couple!...stay tuned folks
Read my Tale of Two Couples on the difference between a sane, empowered split and one fueled by bitterness and revenge.
proclaims, "every day is like monday."
well bye to both of yall
today i'll be testing my theory that pizza pie for every meal = a more productive work day.
Yeah, I've never loved delicious - though used it before snip.it.. i'm excited to play with list.ly.
life's quite complex when you're unemployed!!!
expaining storify in a big event.
My chamomile tea smells like barbershop.
Thanks Google+ for shoving that Time magazine cover photo down my throat.
Who is Dero?
I only have about 11 more inches of sun.
a night out is a must soon !
Oh my god.
Mainstream is funny to me
Another great Fringe this week, hope it gets a fifth season
Thanks so much for the RT!!!!! So appreciated!
Damn my thighs are sore from practicing for showcase -.- They Better Love This Shit ^o^
I wanna start some trouble
daddy you'd be proud of me, following your footsteps down the wrong path. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
i wonder if the regular show is on demand...hm, lets see.
If I track it down, I'll let you know. Right now Mencken is MIA. Probably off with a cigar somewhere...
about the video-google & YouTube cookies. Thought crimes are crimes of exposure, not even thought.
I did not like Glees cover of WMYB.
Wanted to go out for my birthday. But now that it's here I'm just not feeling it. :-(
Ah yes ! Its seriously my obsession <333
Super excited for our new location 3600 n Pulaski juicy juicy
screw that. I still want one :)
Money often costs too much
I'm trying to head down this summer with a couple friends
Anyone see the Edmodo poster on Digital Citizenship? Great for the wall!
A 'virtual' choir sings Bach for the Telegraph: Good Friday exclusive: watch a performance of Bach's masterpiece..
I tend to worry more about my best friends happiness and satisfication more then mine,..i should stop that now...
shower scene lmao
still an early series..EVERYONE who said Bosh is not part of BIg 2 (wade & lebron) or needed to be traded..Well now you understand him
Send ya hit man niggas gon put that tool on em
#np - meek mill-Amen
Why has said nothing?
#SometimesItsEasier to be bad...
Cool, I'll keep that in mind for future artists...
RT : UPDATE: Emergency crews are starting to clear out US-19 Hudson Av & New York Av. still closed. Alt: Little Rd
we have a responsibility to respond to tragedy and need to deal with issues head on. Take care and respect each other.
agreed. They're to be run to the table as quickly as possible off of the grill. With large orders it can take too long.
SO LIL B is not a joke.,. His music is terrible .. I just tried to watch his new video & I got mad.... People Really Like His Music?!!!!
Double E A-D-C is pretty catchy though.
WOULD U PLEASE MUAHHHHHHHHHHH I LOVE TALKING TO U GIRL
#LinkedInTips: When asking for a recommendation, make suggestions on what to include in the recommendation so it is more meaningful.
Good move #Bears acquiring Brandon Marshall!
- btw... I get the biggest kick out of seeing you on :-)) !!
Tonight its United House Mondays! Tomorrow Night #UnitedInHIV www.thisiscyonflare.com so excited!
that makes sense of the milder expletive on there. are you having the kids do blog posts? i always briefly consider that...
Today has been a very long but great day :)....should probably go to sleep before something or someone ruins it
I almost just got killed by my car door and the wind. Eff.
RT : #cpc voter suppression #robocalls serious threat to our democracy- Premeditated, organized, xcountry-...
I graduate from beauty school today!
I'm at cafe Hollander what's #tosatweetup2 all about? I'm sitting at the bar...
Day 21 of the 21-Day Purification Program: Dropped 10 pounds, went from 18% body fat to 16% body fat & Racing the E2M Triathlon this Sunday!
you are up early.
Wait does okc plays in the Chesapeake Arena?!? How am I just finding this out?!?!?
Getting ready to attend Be All in Chicago in 2 short weeks..stop in and see me!
pullover on the freeway? you're so persistent. i love it
. could see a world soon where we manage 5-8 personal data lockers with a single authentication management system
Attending the ? Bring your own nametag. Reducing garbage and increasing creativity.
Someone wanna talk?
wtf is u doing
Salsa at the Monaco Tonight!! Martini Corner - 31st and Oak KCMO 21 and over -$6 cover
oh my goodness, Zan you're flawless <3
adam lambert - for your entertainment
Wow! Thx for the follow. Didn't know about you but am glad I do now!
"Mama Don't Cry For Me" is at 500+ downloads! Thanks everyone for the support. Download for free@ www.harkerwolfley.com.
Hi Nicole :-) Very nice to see you this morning. Hope you're heading into a safe and relaxing weekend.
Told someone I was on "some next level parking shit." I'm parked on the second level of the parking structure at Whole Foods.
I love my wife!
exactly 1 year ago we were all passed out and woke up wondering what the fuck happend! Good times...
Life is such a blur
Call me maybe;)-Kelly
The pirates look helpless at this point.
Probably not, but we can keep our eyes open to see if that inclination is still present.
Game plan for all of your hangovers..Go to Next Chapter for lunch then Monks to day drink.
Nice welcome to the neighborhood show. My lovely neighbor has a pool and is swimming and sunbathing, she may have forgotten her clothes :o)
did you switch jobs?
The stole looks good on you. Congrats!
The King and I, Robot
1Pe 5:14 Greet one another with a kiss of holy love. Peace be to you, all those in Christ Jesus. Amen.
Is your band playing at #SXSW? We want to interview you! Email keaton at audioADD dot net for info!
If anything, I feel like it'll get referenced even more for the time being
Kansas boy on The Voice! Woot! : D
Would love to show off my axes... the white Everly Gibson is #13 0f 100
MLB.tv quality is so bad on my computer, and I have a wonderful connection.
I felt a great distubance in the force, as if were trying to make sense of a Romney speech....
I'm gonna really need people in my neighborhood to stop with the fireworks now!! There's a drought you idiots!!
Way to go!
omg, yes I am. I'm actually like very fat. Wait till you see me. My stomachs so big & gross . Eh!
Way to represent the Evergreen State!! Will stop by later on!
just had jury duty 2 days ago & thought the same thing! u could pay someone to go for u, but if they didnt show up, ur screwed.
ha. we have been friends for 7 years. not gonna happen
It should stop raining so that i can go grocery shopping.
I would LOVE TO SEE THAT LIST
I'm a little worried about this employment law sing along. Here it goes...
use your panels to show conflict and build tension.
Hollins U. is back on campus safely. Thank you to our fellow Green and Gold school NSU for doing an great job. S/o to all RAs :-)
Stat of the Night: 26 points off turnovers for Houston. OKC has 15.
aww, I love you <3 At least you had a good time. We should hang out soon
“: Obama lost a lot of supporters..” List me when he cut off my insurance I was paying for we are now uninsured screw him
happy birthday (;
Sandy Baum: goal of state grant programs is increasing educational attainment
Who else still takes the chocolate off the outside of a swiss roll b4 they eat it???
My plan exactly #ladiesnight!! This night was made for you guys.
Any social bookmark site you find, you should try if you're serious about building great backlinks and increasing your income online.
The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself.
So glad the content is great - I hope this means an early start to your weekend! Have a good one!
Pumped it's Friday. FRIDAY FRIDAY.
You had the oppurtunity to save me, but instead you broke me even more. Because of you I do things I'm not proud of.
for following
#questionsihateanswering where r u going and with who?!? Asked frequently by my parents so annoying
dammit only if I didn't fuck wit the thunder. I can't even talk shit lol
Hurrah for the new episode of #SanDiego This Weekend w/ Check out Art Walk + more fun happenings!
napoleon dynamite = pussy destroyer
Twitter Town Hall TODAY @ 1:30 p.m. EDT. What's on your mind? Submit your questions at
Off to this Soul Train Flash Mob in NYC! RIP Don Cornelius..
and maybe a few slices of bacon to boot
Can someone explain how tomatoes knew to pack seeds within themselves to avoid immediate extinction. Or did a seed carry tomatoes & seeds?
I'm watching!!!
Preserving parties?? What a GREAT idea!!!
Thank you. I printed out the "Furiously Happy" bracelet and folded it up. It's under my monitor to remind me.
Want to win a 2012 Denver Browns t-shirt? Pick the correct score of today's Broncos/Patriots game and win a FREE shirt!
Cabin is the best movie I've seen all year
Are your retweets getting lost in the Twitterverse? Check out this master guide 2 the art retweeting via And feel free 2 RT :)
love how you said that. Giving up is for losers
I'm sorry I will soon 4sho I'm enjoyin da freedom lol
#GoSpursGo is trending
Getting ready (w/ 40 other women!) to make a vision board. What will be on it? :)
I love you
Be my friend. Hold me. Wrap me. Unfold me.
Sorry, but I really could care less about anything from this self promoted airbag. Yes, I'm trying to be polite too!
I don't want to go fishing!
Check my prom pants and see if they are okay. I didn't dry clean them
#IAlwaysWonderIf your taking to someone else when your not taking to me.
Starting tonight and everynight at 5pm we will be serving a 'Small Bites' menu at our downstairs bar!
You two look like sisters! Beautiful! And what are you talking about hair envy? You've got great locks!
Time to start gearing up for new music. Working on an awesome song called "Awesome Time" all about awesome stuff. It's awesome. Stay tuned.
Toddlers and tiaras is my guilty pleasure
"When we project true confidence and passion to those we are fortunate to be given the honor of teaching..." Michael Yard
Lane violation?
ah, that's so cool!!! Thanks sandy :)
Good for tightly rolled passes and downward spirals AMIRIGHT???
never tought about
I’ve had enough of your crap~ toilet paper on strike.
What I's a good time to play street hockey here in Mesa
OMG DID I JUST HEAR THT WERE GONNA HEAR
good point lol
Good morning world. Time for one last day until the weekend
My poor doggie had a bad allergic reaction to something and theyre keeping her at the vet.
"Christopher Walkins".... i mean thank you for walking into my life! You inspire me everyday to go after my dreams! i love you
#McGehee hasn't looked half bad the past few days over at 1st
My roommate is trying to watch college mens gymnastics instead of the Pacers/Heat or Tribe game.
Can he just be a #dancemance?
Been watching #amc for 2 hours now
What is the best way to get in touch with alumni in Chicago for great career opportunity?
Truth:Life is what U make it, but sometimes it can throw U a curve ball tht can knock ass...just remember 2 get back up & try it again!
Time for dinner. Then more
Sleeping is damn hard when you have a day trip ahead of you and so much going on!
Anyone have a mandolin you'd be willing to donate to the Q? We're looking for one to hang up on our walls. Let us know! Thanks.
Heyyyoooooo what's up everybody??
cool cool
Eli sacked! Ouch!
As much as he's a pain in the ass sometimes, Alex Hurst is such a fucking good friend to me. I don't know what I'd do without him!
Another yummy meal at Brasserie Beck: Belgian beer, moules, frites, salad, chocolate molten lava cake with chocolate liqueur ice cream
Excellent interview tonight ! Entertaining and very informative #outfront (Also, I recommend following )
Hey blake, there's this little girl that wants you to follow her so she can win a bet. she's a sweetheart.
Sports Illustrated cover jinx, nullified: 49ers grace West region editions, Giants cover the East. Will earthquake end game in a draw?
Oh hoo - you can't keep a good comedy writer down.
Home. Ate pancakes. Sleeping.
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithShorts "The hand that rocks the shorts"; "My best friends shorts"; "The shorts on the left"; "American shorts"
awww I lik how justin has time to reply to his amazing fans.. Dat support him. I <3 justin.
That blows.
it seem like u r bord
Balker who owns the transportation co taking your medical trailer to Haiti stopped by Sat 8/72010.
From a broke down stripper, shaking your ass for a buck at a time, you have done well for yourself. A rich stipper. WOW!
Orton Lights up my TV and then that comes out :(
I haven’t watched in years, but I like to what everyone is talking about. Did your kids (or you) watch Idol last night?
Turned up with
Sorry have not been on today but lost my grandpa this morning. Twugs to all my bh sisters
late but homework time! smh i'm in the bed at 10:30.
that is awesome! Thanks so much!
Hopefully Noah is alright
Glenn Campbell. Great performance. Felt weird for him to be up there in that manner, was almost like a farewell thing. Alzheimer's is awful
I vote for the last one, but I'm selfish that way...
Are u in DC? U thinking of attend the codeathon or the demos? SIGN UP dccodeathon.eventbrite.com show sponsors u CARE!
Worst. Day. Ever.
Can I use one of your songs for an English project?
Ruby, JavaScript and a whole a bunch of other goodness :)
Nice throw from Stave to Williams. IW did a good job of staying in bounds.
Johnson: Don't get stuck on terms and rules. Open your ears. Enjoy the music.
Every time I see someone include they're Christian + business skills in their profile , I wonder if they'll still work w/ an atheist, etc.
I am feeling great today and happy birthday to love ya buddyy
I prefer Fly, if only for "Mind Train," the best-ever krautrock record that isn't actually a krautrock record.
especially for their system. BTW, if you got notice that your PIN expired - have to change, but you can change right back to old one
I was able to find it. The song is Calabria by Enur. Thanks though.
see you at tomorrow :)
lots of rumors flying about the health of Chuck Brown. Until I hear from someone who is really in the know, it is all just rumor
I'm so fucking mad !
This guy is either going to be great or a complete bust
Played Nazi zombies on Call of the Dead, got to round six.
I don't even know what that is XD but I can watch it.
lol : Writing "etc" on an exam because you don't remember any more examples.
JESUS - The original and PERFECT example of love. Make Him your first love. <U+2665>
Awesome. More tweaks are in queue...esp. on Features and Pricing pages-just lacking the time. Anytime on the RT. #W&Lpower.
What a #gorgeous day in #milwaukee! This makes #springcleaning even more enjoyable with the windows open. Getting ready for our launch party
re: I know some items on The Commons had some rather narrative comments, but nothing official or lengthy
are you thinking of Rick Perry?
Girl It's My Hater's Are My Motivator's Not My Enimies. Cough. Cough. If Your Gonna Say A Quote Say It Right ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
Thanks Kenny :D Stoked you made it out. Nice to see you!
annoying middle schoolers<<<
What's going on Bay...why are you being negative?
Sounds great, but how can you damage the Crown with anything but air? Just had my shot + beer chase!! Drinking Crown & Coke
The answer is ALWAYS Theon. Always.
There's an island in Denmark called Lolland
Out shopping with my love!
Thank you everyone for coming out to to support us on Friday for our FUNraiser #HappyHour! Photos to follow this week!
Lil Jon marketed crunk juice. R Kelly should market 'Kelly's juices' i'd buy that shit.
God didn't give me the ability to always make right decisions, but He has enabled me to make a decision and then make it right..
where is he??
O: someone has the username ManuelFool.
any1 care for a STRONG opinion?? this JackieRobinson mania was excessive, cmon, all mlbers wearing same #, guys a legend but tone it down
Yeah :) What's up?
I'm ready for anything now
and work life balance!!
pretty cool! Not a bad night at all.
is looking for a Controller - strong technical accting skills, JDE exp - GREAT OPPORTUNITY! Send me your resume !
I use dreamhost personally I also like that they have free hosting for 501(c)3's
was here, I love you even doe you think you can rank on me :o you can't okay !
WNS Wins the Prestigious Golden Peacock Global Award for Corporate Social Responsibility 2012
Theatre always makes the whole school day worthwhile
Thx 4 the follow...keep the dream alive!!!
should follow me cause we're both amazing & sexy ;D
Shower time.
Recording my Students band today at my home studio
Never be late for an event or party your working It can cost you your job if i hired you. This is not a good look for City glam, Me nor you.
Buh-bye KAREN!
Thank you to all the participants and contributors in tonights #libchat. I enjoyed and learned some things.
I'm just kidding Hahahahaha. And I know it is, you're my motivation.
RT : Donate $100, get $125 toward ANY books in the store, plus help us raise funds for our new addition!...
Who's getting Dead Island?! It's a dream come true for any zombie game fan.
Trill nigga what's up
PUSD does a great job and has for many years. I went to PUSD schools, my kids do now. I applaud their efforts.
I don't care Nathan
Do you think realizes they have blounts run as #1 TD, but #2 rushing score for the 2011 season?
Thanks, Michelle!
Gun'll be ready for pick-up on 5/26
Is Aretha Franklin dead yet?
no the fight is more like Kool Mo Dee vs. LL COOL J... If u agree say I!!
NEVER count us out!!! Way to go Hawks!!
Watching on talk about Facebook acquiring Instagram. He doesn't think FB will change it.
I still feel like...I'M ON A BOAT!
Put a bird on it! Boom!
Is anyone else sad about closing? Any recommendations for photo editing websites that are similar?
Man I know but ain't shit moving in the mil for me
oh my god your graduating?! 0.o I feel old haha I am good just can't wait to come home
Going to lunch at 12 and I'm not coming back
Well, I'm grateful at least we have it on campus!
I need Lauren following us... Also.
Morning Twitter! Beautiful sunny morning here in LA. Great day to sit inside and rehearse right? ...
Oh no wow baby mamas these days well at least some of us.
Hello i miss ya so bad cant wait to see ya :}
For the next 21days I invite you to depend less upon ur own will power & more upon God's power. Focus on diet, fitness, & faith.
NAH! That young character was so short!
Somebody told me.
Rob, give me your expertise on Jeremy Lin. Is it a phase?
where is the youth for western civilization discussion?
SAME HERE
That's the one and only definition in my dictionary : )
I try to surprise with gifts and he gets mad. Lol.
Gerald Wallace returns to the Rose Garden tonight to face the Blazers...Please be gentle on us Mr. Wallace
Of course! :) Awesomeness. What is your favorite beer?
photographing two offices of engineers this week before thanksgiving
the issue seems to be isolated to your account. Other accounts aren't having an issue purchasing from
#20factsaboutme 9. I use to have a thyroid problem in 2010
Damn D Rose
who are u u look very familiar
I've said it before and I'll say it again. If ur names nicole and ur not rain dancing, you're fired.
Finally added a photo! Now you know the truth: I am actually a thoughtful lemur.
im so sick of you.
beg to differ
break legs!!
Here drinking a beer and eating hot wings
I just bought my mom the Best present ever. #MomsToms<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
#FF She is a very smart, witty, and beautiful woman. Plus, I bet she makes a mean batch of brownies afterwards.
I'm watching a pretty riveting episode of Goosebumps right now...
thanks, now I know I'm one of your favorites!
I like ur song "the say it should be"
can't find anything, why so low?
Happy Mothers Day (:
Those who lie "for you" will eventually lie "to you."
Marsh accuser, didnt go to hospital yet is under physician care, marshall not charged.... Hm
There's nothing I hate more than a disrespectful nigga ..
Music is my soul, when i pass i hope i get to take it with me....(music im talkin about)
Creating a New Progressive Ecumenical Church Relationship - Huffington Post
gotta give it up to fellow artists doing they thing
I feel like I need to watch the Big Lebowski again as soon as possible.
I need you to stay
Oh my goodness, I feel your pain! Good luck!
How many ppl were at today's rally you ask? Organizers say 62,000..... but Capitol Police tell me they're estimating closer to 25,000
COLE WORLD
I really haven't been tweeting that much, my parents said I am getting addicted to "Twitter". I pay to differ!
Watching the Mavericks with my soon to be married son. I'm enjoying both. God's richest blessings are often in the small moments.
Thank you so much! So glad you're enjoying the site.
currently reading Moby Dick instead of all the Palin email that just became public
Congratulations to Albert Thomas and Jill Gilmer who won a full complimentary registration pass to this year's national conference in ATL!
That sure is crafty, hijacking 's twitter!
yo u got any Pepsi left
Correct, Memphis won 38 games in 2007-2008 and didn't win the title, but the victories were later vacated.
I am currently looking to hire experienced Sales/Marketing Reps in the Buena Park, CA area. This is a great opportunity with one of my outs…
