Thanks lady! I just saw this... I didn't get to see you, but you always look AH MAZING.....
Staying home just because I have a bad stomach ache...
Economic relief coming Obama signed Home Buyer tax credit motivated buyers will get great values Now is a great time to buy or sell
look at the photo I just posted man. Nothing wrong with the act of course, but for a front page cover... Idk
We thank all of you who have shown us gratitude!
great fight. I miss those types of matches.
Monday is the perfect day for happy hour! Consider it "training camp" for Monday Night Football:)
Sorry if i havent been tweeting so much...been so damn busy. Going to N.H. on Saturday!!
Its gonna take me awhile to get use to my new glasses lol
You're being a great mother to your kids. They'll appreciate it later! Happy Mother's Day!
LOL. Love this! ": The more ppt slides you have, the less you know about your topic. #whatsnextdc"
Great defense by Memphis. Both Gay and Allen played that perfectly.
The class of 2016 scoop. Go check out at m14hoops.com. Names of notable players. This class will be ranked after the M14 October showcase.
lol naw son my tv is not gonna break but y'all gonna be like us at the end of the year with no ring
kenzdoll collin wants to know if you can send me the link to conner youtube video please
Oh NO! Aaron BarRAZA has 7 ENDORSEments already. El Paso Stonewall YD's, Sheriff, Police, Border Patrol, Tejano, CLEAT.
for the articles. Why else?
Hearing #StormWarning on the radio just makes it so much more real that I'm seeing tonight!!!!! :)
A little behind on Up All Night. Loved the Valentine ep and "no on the coin slot!"
Tonight feels like a good night for an Upstate Deluxe Pizza…..what’s on your plate?
LOL - I just saw your tweet about the bus times..you'll love the app. It tracks buses to about 5 minutes with GPS.
as the black people say "KMSL" (which means "killin myself laughing")
Enjoying case presentations from students w Good luck students in Chicago and at NAIOP Minneapolis.
listenting to The Roots #HIGO brilliant
Why are all my post-patch Conquest games so empty? Used to be full all the time, but this afternoon/evening usually half empty.
Hi how are you? Thanks for reaching out...
I'm watching you.
are you at the JazzFest?
done and done! send 'em on up! I want furry little things to keep me warm!
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
Which reminds me, I really need to either empty the Nikon or just go buy a new camera card.
has mighty fine taste.
Art Gala Event "Your Loved One Has Got the Art Talent. Deadline 8/20 for submissions. All welcome loved ones with cognitive conditions.
You don't know how hard it is not to talk to you, you're my bestfriend, and I hate these fights </3
bo burnham <3
George Ault's Daylight at Russell's Corners is astonishing - stark, clean, beautiful.
Everyone and they momma out to eat tonight
Going to visit Mom at the Bristal in Westbury later today
Can you follow back?????
This fucking cookie jar my grandma got.... Looks like it could get up and kill us all, o.O
I'm down to just create an entirely different magazine called "Models and Donuts". With you on the cover!!
If He's keeping you from doing something, it means He has a bigger plan for you. Just be patient, GREATER things are to come!
lololol stop it Heath stop it!! LMAO LMAO you're killing me!! hahahahahahaha..congress do something,,now THAT's funny!!!
I just feel like watching Sailor Moon right about now!
won last nite. Flying out to L.A. Today for game w Dorsey. Flight delayd so we drove. Arrived @ 215 played @ 230 loss by 4
RT hit me back.
Wrapping up the weekend with the
it actually does...
I've wondered the same thing too but at the end of the day just gotta realize its their loss!
Why would most of #TeamMindless get mad because the girl Twerked on Him-_- wow! I would of did it to, I mean Prod? ;)
We need to set up a date...Color Run May 19th...come get painted. Team
Odds on a possum every night in this run and great to see that Trey has got the memo from me that flannels are in
Americans have celebrated summer's unofficial end since 1882, when the holiday began as a single street parade in New York City
You need to be well hydrated before you even start your run. If you start partially dehydrated, it only gets worse from there.
she's rooting for the New Orleans "miners" right?
Crappit. My laptops dying again... talk to you later peeps. I love you. Alot. Even if you dont love me back :-)
Apparently, I've been released by the Colts.
Is YES!!!! Chant bigger than WHAT chant?
pretty much its huge, but i love it! Everyone keep asking me "what the heck is that" lol!
near durham
Mark your calendar for 's #MuseoSpark chat on 5/17: Museums in a Changing World: New Challenges, New Inspirations.
I agree. Staged.
--Adolf Hitler to Reichstag, 30 Jan 1937, as translated by Norman H
Stop by our booth at #aspa2012 an mention this tweet for a free gift!
i'm testing. :) what a novice!
RT : : World change happens when ordinary people have extraordinary determination ~
carly if you read this.. do the right thing
It's great that you're going to get to go! :)
Bad habit: Starting important emails and thinking I hit send, only to discover hours later they're behind my mail window.
GDIs, we can recognize you. Get out out of our party
Not this time :) free tickets with friends to a Macallan tasting party.
I just love Brad Paisley :)
Its nice to be aware of how to regroup whenever needed. As long as you're mentally tough, the rest is cake.
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Im such a little kid, Im all excited that we're at the zoo cx !!
Punt. Punt. Punt. GOOSE.
the terreculas show starts at 705 tomorrow. Y'all go easy on him LOL
I saw a homeless man and asked him his story. I stopped to ask him his story, cried and gave him $100. Happy thanksgiving.
Doing last minute laundry and packing before we leave tomorrow.
RT "Cartlandia" on SE 82nd becomes city's & state's 1st food cart pod granted annual license to sell beer/wine
No reentry at the pirate game? Haha thats why i left and that bitch let me back in hahah
#etech ETech needs a new revolution to ride. I don't see any bomb-throwing anarchists, and that's bad.
and guys who say differently?
Lookin for a old fashioned lookin bar for scene in our next music video Anyone have any ideas?
You craftlaunch site looks great. Let us know if we can help or if you have any questions!
omg we're so close! yes, indeed. when i get back we MUST!
what a beautiful day
Baby you light up my world like nobody else , the way that you flip your hair gets me over whelmed <3
I wish, but this isn't a business expense.
says you once stuck your hand up a cows ass, is that true ? <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AE>
Ty Jason for following
will keep you all in my thoughts. *hugs*
but I Imagine they aren't fans of Long Johns.
No problem, can't wait to check it out! RT : thanks for referring to !
what's wrong?
I'm having a great night. I'm putting some thoughts on paper.. that is one of the keys to follow through.
I just wanna smack them !
will there be an app for #CILDC Computers in Libraries conference?? hoping so...
I'm two time zones behind, but your tweet makes me think it was Lana Del Ray...
how's FL?
hey, and good job staying off Twitter. Didn't think you would
Send Courtney homeShe may have said sorry but you don't know her like the girls do!Lindsay is actually really beautiful&humble
yes!! how about Aruba or Aspen? planning this #elopement is sounding good.
The TBS announcers keep saying a potential game 5's start time is TBA. Is this true?
i'm going to sleep ... i don't care if its barely 9. this weather makes me sleepy.
Zoo director tells budget committee that Angelenos on the Westside think the zoo is in San Diego; city doesn't have $ to market zoo.
movie did not disappoint :)
This Weekend. Well Its basically being a good little girl and Studying & homework!:D
RIP #DiscoQueen #DonnaSummer. I will forever have memories of #skating parties and #DonnaSummer music playing
Again, enough hand wringing, bring on actual alignment topics
Good job North Carolina voters... 12yo and 1st cousins can get married the sanctity of marriage is safe.
1/2" diameter hail reported at Princeton High School (Green Lake Co.)
I so totally agree.
i'm a huge slut having never tried it ;)
#njdevilssuck that's ok hunny.the devils are coming to our house.ill save you a seat by the exit
HEY BFF
I adjusted the list last night by using the site you suggested. What is next?! :)
i don't even know how i do it! haha
Happy New Year!! Make it the best yet!
standup tonight at
Thank you for everything! You are an amazing inspiration to us. Best of luck in the
This video contains content from The Orchard Music, WMG and Ultra Records (MVR), one or more of whom have blocked it (cont'd)
A man can't ride your back unless it's bent. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The other event I really want to attend is SMX Advanced Seattle...or maybe PubCon in Vegas :)
we know
Josh Jones Latin Jazz Ensemble Cigar Bar & Grill : Sat., November 27, 9:00pm
what movie?x
Welcome to the southern tier of WNY. I didn't know you would be in the neighborhood. One of my colleagues is attending.
I'm living twenty minutes from Philadelphia! What's goin' on with the 99% in Philly???
Knowing youre sad makes me sad, knowing i cant do anything to make you feel better :/
Validating the oral-systemic health connection
Prepping for tonight's first preview of NEXT at HERE!
thanks. Have an awesome day
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. - B. C. Forbes
#nowplaying drop the world - lil wayne and eminem :)
Best Dunk Title acceptance speech ever was , who thanked his Mom, Jesus, and the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders.
SO JEALOUS!
I want to go home, get in bed, and never get up.
Bearcats lost 2-1 to Weatherford College tonight by a walk off Home Run .
thank you, it was an amazing experience
#WSP I'm not alone... Driving song...
I fuck with Tyga but he has so much haters.
Milwaukee Rally Hotel pkg. includes 2 tix to Harley Museum, breakfast, parking, welcome bag, overnight accom. www.marriott.com/mkeri
Nokia Lumia 900 Review: Best Windows Phone So Far
observation: anything called "upscale" is usually (apologetically) trashy.
Love and happiness:)
I hate a superficial females
Happy 2nd Birthday to my little cousin Aden! I love you boo boo! Hope you have a good one! See you later! (:
Happy New Years Eve!!
I need to do a better job of keeping track my tax deductions!
I'm not "boy crazy" I'm just crazy for this one boy<3
Let's go Red Sox!
Welcome to the twitter We're happy to see you.
In Lynchburg, VA waiting for to arrive so we can experience the place I didnt know existed until 4 weeks ago
The Texans team bus just pulled into Harbor East. Enjoy it now - that bus will be a lot sadder when it leaves Sunday!
welcome to the club!
Philly answers back but goal is under review for crease violation.
if you haven't already, follow our instagram: jamheybastard
How to explain to a 19YO w/ #aspergers that saying "that's what she said" to a girl is offensive....
2 down 9 more to go then another three day weekend :) hurry up next Thursday!!! Sitting here bored text me 304-612-2469
Thanks to and restaurant week, I now have to run 10 miles tomorrow. But it was oh so worth it.
Watch us tonight at 6 pm on Channel 3!!!!!
But it's in NJ
Thank you to every person who has ever told me I can't. You are just another reason I will.
nyet, I just watch in russian)))
No. It's spelled artisanal. But I keep spelling it wrong and Word keeps yelling at me. So now I will never spell it wrong again.
YES!!! U do realize that was like 5 years ago homie!!! Now get at it and lets party!!
Fill in the blank: "My gym is awesome because ___________."
You be careful out there.
^Then the angel of God, who had been traveling in front of Israel’s army, withdrew and went behind them. The pillar of cloud also moved...
Why does twitter follow random people. I'm always seeing these random people on my timeline.
Korean inside. Yes. Please tell Mrs. Shelton I'm coming through. When are you off to #Brasil?
Brian made it sound like it is only me and him. We're discussing committee membership Sat, should I pass on a mssge from you?
Google Trip Planner now includes new route info. To plan your trip using the new & changed routes just enter a travel date AFTER 1/29/2012
#mothersday right around the corner! Get her what she really Kraves a piece of #MIKELPATRIK, origs & reproductions for any budget!
gah, so close to fly away laches! I will see you next week my friend after this rip heals.
That's where I'm at wit this bitch tho... All the dumb shut she been puttin me thru... Sometimes I b like fuck it
Nothing like trying to guess 's drawing of a river on Draw Something and having no clue what it is. :P
We're working hard on a record at the moment. We'll let you know when we emerge! Thanks for asking :)
RIP ESPN Regional tv“: When did replace Bill Hosket as the official Ohio State color analyst?”
#UnChained "Disappearin' Love"
Yup kendall!! That's my bitch!! I can get that here tho bruh
Models showed two complete sets levels conical choral posts from the model showed two complete sets levels conical chor :-)
SMFH!! RT : The average woman spends between 5 and 8 hours a day gossiping.
And I guess that's my cue to unfollow and not visit again...
depends on who you ask
I just wrote my first comic book script. It was like a different world. bit.ly/xtVHuk
I'm for personal freedom and making your own choices and all, but that Time magazine cover is weird.
Thank you, ugly, loud, ticking Staples clock for audibly reminding me every second that I am still at work
McGehee should get the JJ Hardy treatment and be sent down to A.
The monthly LOVIEE will be posted no later than Sunday night. Still recovering from a wild night...
Don't forget
Parents offered to buy me a new phone. The question is, do I really want one? Hm
you are a shooting star - thats why you are my favorite
thanks you too
Staying up 13 hours strait is a fucking horrible idea. -____-
Rest in peace, Etta James.. Thanks for the many great jazz, blues, and soul classics. Man, I hate leukemia.
was off the hook last night, 2nite will be even better, doors open 9pm till 3am, ALL NEW TOP SHELF #BottomlessCup, New Format
: YOLO - You. Obviously. Lack. Originality.
coming tomorrow BNI? Hope you're feeling better. :)
Got some skulls in the mind and gotta place them on them pad...
Please tell me the whip will be at
"Artists are brands as well... with huge followings & marketers behind them." of Live Nation. would agree
aw thanks ... Nice seein u
Damn John Cena files for divorce smh must suck after being with this girl since high school
i was jw but thats pretty cool u kno who this is right
If talk is silver worth, then silence is gold worth if you are not knowledgeable about the issue.
Always remember you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. ~Harriet Tubman
FCCB holders in Zenith allowed access to E&Y valuation report
#mw2012 #musesocial I don't know, I have a long history with museums and cats. it may not be a joke!
before the other people came . . . Ways of framing pre-settler contact.
same :P its been a long but good day
wait wait wait , who are you ? lol / i dont think i sent money to you so please STFU // dont start with me !
thanks for having me on the show
Ted Glasser: Unintended consequence of living tethered to mobile devices: no opportunity for isolation. Autonomy is diminished.
THE AMERICAN IDOL FINALE IS NEXT WEEK. GSKDOBFKXIWGRBFKSI GO PHILLIP<33333
“: LUNCH WITH !! MISS THAT GIRL.” -- I'm so glad I didn't have to eat by myself today!
Good but mainly songs off new album. Saw blitzen trapper too. Now pumpkin time.
thanks, maybe i'll spend it with my daughter, happy vday back to u
Facebook is the adult way of having imaginary friends.
so what should I be using now instead?
Um, so our Radiothon starts tomorrow at 5:00am CDT...and the 800 line is non-existent...Can you PLEASE help??!!! Quickly!
Just ran into bay bay kids from hell
#fridayreads reading 's "Hillbilly Nationalists, Urban Race Rebels, and Black Power: Community Organizing in Radical Times."
RT if it makes you sad that after tomorrow Austin won't have braces :(((
What's the best thing that happened to you this week? Share your happy story with us!
Next few years are about good times good friends and good fortune. It's all good babybabayy
where the hell have you been?
hello Valentina thanks for the follow too I watched you're video and I like it..let me know how can I get the tooth jewelry.
thanks for the follow and support Travis congrats on a beautiful baby checkout
From the bottle? Or will you bother with a cup? :p
#BoyzAreBack!!!! A little late but you kno IDGOF! I love them Boyz
you shook of new sohh, u fucking clown.
Just listened to BT's "This Binary Universe" and moved on to "Chris Madsen Trio plays Bix Beiderbecke"
Disabled is 7 and nomdisabled is 5. And non disabled is seven
"It's when you stand out that you become outstanding." -
RT Look for the music on all things, and life will be a symphony of joy.
RT : Louisville-Jeffersonville: Thunder over Louisville gets down w craft beer. will be there! Details:...
who's having trouble? We want to help!
I just realized every tattoo I want is type based.
I don't usually care too much about the Emmys, but wow, Treme gets zero nominations??? LAME!
my uncle always messin w/ my shid , damn stay tf out my room!
Development Operations. I just roll with the titles :-)
tonight! with iProv at 9:30PM. The show is FREE FREE FREE!!!
Just blocked all my spam followers
OR CRACKER BARREL !!!
What's going on? Anything we can help with?
bad asa lol im at work listen to my cali music waitin to get off hows dancing going when u go shout me out in yo videos
Blue October is the most emotional band I've ever heard.
Haha! Well, you're also in NYC, so it's not all bad. Look forward to seeing you when you get back!
#IfIWasGhetto oh wait.. Already am!!
haha I aint tryin to take no ones bike... Im not that good on them! Haha
#YOLO... >>RT : Yo, this might be the Heat's year if you got refs playing for you. Gotta get it how you live huh? Lol.
He's probably right. Unless he guaranteed it for a specific team.
Watch "Alien Invaders" Lionfish doc. Tonight at 7:30 on
Don't cheat yourself. Do your best.
Good morning :)
Why are the Warranties and Disclaimers clauses in SHOUTING ALL CAPS when the rest of the #googledegook is in folksy non-legalese?
You should be nice; Ann Arbor is actually a very nice lady if you take the time to get to know her.
thank you for leading the senate charge to
RT : your a may baby too??? Awesome! Mines the 19th! How old u be
A beautiful evening to be outside, a glass of wine makes it even better.
How was everyone's weekend!? We've been writing like crazy! We can't wait for you all to get to hear these new songs :) -Chris
I caught ONE fish while we were fishing and my little brother caught FIVE!!!! Wow I suck
Signed, sealed, delivered. 2014 Final Four at Cowboys Stadium. Too early?
Automatic built-in rematch the following Wednesday at So many chances to suffer.
Cesar Izturis can't even lay down a suicide squeeze?! He's no Lucroy, that's for sure
Grate so im gona be terrified all day today
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on all online stores. Thank you!
you should also invest in a cruella de ville style cigarette holder then
I thought that too, but I'm pretty sure the warehouse is somewhere else.
Hey, excellent news--congratulations, Jeff! Completely well-deserved.
Thanks bud! I appreciate it.
Some parents just need to spank thier child.
#WeLoveMadison forever and ever and ever and ever <3
#SomeoneIWantToMeet All the Mahomies! <3 That would take FOREVER, literally!
aw ok
i just beat go green get lucky with 3 stars on all levels im so excited! Ps could u follow me? Plz and thanks :D
Something about Lucroy and Wolf just don't mix, and most of the time giving him the day when Wolf starts isn't an issue.
. You do realize had his fingers crossed when he tweeted that.
dumb and dumber is a classic. Great choice
RT : MKG, on what he'll do w/ 1st paycheck: “I want to spoil my mom. I think I’m going to spoil my mom to death
Not at all. ;) NOLA is just where I belong.
Out to dinner with the #bestfriend :)
2 Chains has some fighting songs
Thoughts on Jarrod Parker's first start in Oakland today?
Add upstate NY to that list, I felt it too--very subtle shaking (I thought it was me!) Then told me otherwise
so good luck finding this one boy. you will :)
RT Back on the jet to be with my family. See you in the sky! SOUNDS NICE!! SCOOP ME UP ON THE WAY!!
About to take a nap.
if I boo (haven't decided) it won't be bc he left-it will be for words said and things done since his departure.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. - Hemingway
Wed Oct 26 7PM: 'Even in a Cold Winter Zone' w/ Margaret Roach. Learn Tactics & plants of a year-round garden in photos and word!
Happy Birthday, sir!
Let my heart be wise. It is the god’s best gift.Medea
Have you been watching the show all along? I watched the pilot and am trying to decide if it is worth catching up on.
#GaleHarold my friend loves u so fucking much AND it's her Birthday today. :-)
We are finishing writing our essays and I turned mine in Friday. So i got to sit and stare at the wall all period.<U+E40E>
good I made cupcakes
What a day! The birth of photographer Eadweard Muybridge, the end of the American Civil War, and the end of The Beatles...
hi can you please follow we are a part of Maxim
Last night....
Agree! Done.
Women Want It All And More – Why Aren 't We Getting It? [EXPERT]
Is there something we can help you with?
Oh hell no. The teacher is a joke & this class is a trip.
busy, busy, busy.... too much work... not enough time...
thats vicious... "nothing is more dangerous than a mother"...
": I love her the best ever!!"shes a great writer too and weekend update will never be the same without her
...Sticks & Stones may break my bones... whips and chains excite me... so throw me down, pull my hair, and please freaking bite me!!!
My dad always has excuses for everything.
Hey girl, I don't appreciate you gettin' at me hella filthy. watch your tone, mister!
fwiw our Cassandra FS is an in-house solution designed specifically for Drupal, not for general NFS.
I hear ya on that one! I can walk out the door and one is next to my place! I always say you only live once!
The Roots performing Sure Shot in tribute to MCA
perhaps u could wish me a happy birthday !!! #please !!
I'd totally watch that one!
Straits be pumpn this weekend brah. Swap out your euro speedo for 5mm neoprene and let's roll
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
Who would you like to see us go on tour with?!
excited to teach spin 2night at 8! are coming to class! now, what about or ?
You bet!
shout-out to Kentucky #USGenWeb from Tim Pinnick /via
Hey! How have you been?
no.. but, I'm frightened for you.
that's so sad for her to use the baby like that. People need to step back & think about what's good for a kid.
RT : History is the key to everything: politics, religion, even fashion. Eva Herzigova
Watch out for them #Bears, we got a 6'10 tightend
If my teammate had 3 points all game i wouldn't pass either
yes it is!
Hey thanks, Scott — for reading and sharing.
You know it's a special day when you say "quit eating dog food"... and it isn't to your dog.
thank da lawd its a half day.
Tell the dentist to change the station! But be nice. Remember HE has the drill!
Dear Universe, Can you send over for a visit?
Two clicks: Apple Store (bottom), then Apple icon (top).
she MIGHT have gotten away with it if she hadn't stopped completely for what felt like 10 minutes.
You know who has a super cute baby? . I want to babysit her! I promise I'll give her back. Such a cutie pie!
If you are at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on
"The function of the artist is to express reality as felt" Happy Birthday, Robert #Motherwell, b.1915
Just Followed Have Them
Sudden surprise - I just received a DM from Gwen Check out this female fronted, hard hitting, #Metal band & follow !!!
Got sucked into watch A-list for 3 hours...woops! Gotta get back to life now
Pretty cool concept there.
poor Manny Pacquaio's alleged quote never happened, the original article and publication "National Conservative Examiner" does not exist.
ReTweet us if you want to be added to our #OTPCrew List on Twitter!
Behind your back, we talk about you all the time. Behind your back, we spread some shit spread some lies.
operation find salina a place to live...and GO!
BLUE IVY IS BORN
Smoking a cigar with my dad
Running over a dead bird with the lawn mower, always fun!
Of course I'll be watching the big hockey game tonight. I'm from Minnesota. Pass the lefse and jello salad.
Will you be at your #Dodgers game tomorrow? I know I will be there.
Favorite Mark Twain quote #1: If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.
Trying to brainstorm studio apartments in film and TV shows. Harder than I thought it would be. Too many "homes" are huge/aspirational.
Have you reported yet on the beating of the Atlanta teens it's all over the news and my brother is the lawyer for one of them
Right on. This my first time doing this. Asked her for information and she was less than useless. Ordered enough for the month.
jeremy evans
We're out of pudding but we do have a very nice and light roll cake from the Asian bakery.
My favorite messy recipe is my homemade marinara. It has to simmer for 5 hrs and it always bubbles all over the stove!
I can't wait for this race to be over. 5ks is all im thinking about until October
Hahaha. Hey, did you see Lady Gaga Thanksgiving?
think of weed, then smoke some if you got it, then go to sleep
glad to hear it. Enjoy, it's awesome.
Second Round is complete with Mika Miyazato (-5) leading. Third round tee times to begin at 3:15PM off holes #1 and
Nice! What bar? : At a bar in Seattle dropping Limbeck, Casket Lottery, and Ultimate Fakebook on the jukebox. Amazing.
Did anyone else realize today how little they care about Obama's stance on gay marriage?
Potentially! Haha. I'll let you know
I am on a plane home from Iowa right now... Where were you?!
#HonestyNight i`m really not a freak but i love to please my lover
RT If You KNOW Ur Gettin Justin Bieber's Someday Perfume Tmr!!! I AM!!!! (;
Rihana looks great
that's what I keep telling myself! :)
Happy Friday!
via Newjerz Prince Life is like being on stage! So everyday you should try and look your best!
#TRILLMATIC In A Few Minutes..rt
We only get reimbursed if we are presenting at the conference.
RT no problem you've got a nice collection
everyone knows you go to the "hardware" store to get hammered...
aww I loved the rain when it was here! My garden looks more than alive!
we made the mistake of going to the theater way to late yesterday
I'm already spread wide open, just have your way with me already.
RT “: Voting to unite sag n aftra finally. Vote yes actors” YES!! You ROCK!
I am at my place in Bucktown, no concert
The moment our eyes met<3
on the side with some southern comfort.lol happy turkey day Blake.
RT if YOU would like ME to FOLLOW YOU on a different account of MINE!? <3
thank you! Glad you enjoyed the pic
my name is micael and i m a doer! :D
The biggest bid'ah of our times is that huquq al-'ibad are not considered to play any role in spirituality & piety. -Ml. Shah Wasiullah (R)
Back in ocraM's dungeon.... Don't mind the screams.
they're not
#3WordsForYou Leave me alone
How's Everyone
what are you doing tonight
You have to give a ton of credit for staying loyal to Gary Henderson, UK takes series from LSU.
Thanks, Have fun today. , all is forgiven. for now ;-)
Should be sleeping. But now I'm hungry. And my confidence is as low as my blood pressure. Oops.
That was random and I don't care.
Thanks for making my computer useful again.
Los Angeles, CA -Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 600 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I HATE Twitter spam.
Awesome. Kudos on your win and for being a good dad, too. Thanks for the response.
Where in heck is Obama's plan? This guy is a great speaker, but a lousy leader.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue.
thanks for having me - it was a lot of fun!
Patty Mills has made four 3-pointers. He has 30 points and the Spurs lead the Warriors 101-95 with 5:05 left.
I am my own person don't care to think nor be like the rest follow me y'all
u don't like girls Clive-
About n hour ago here on the east coast, which is incidentally the only time zone that matters.
Today was the most interesting day I've had in a while lol
We are at the Conference NYC follow our updates with
The only thing has to do is rt tweet and my life would be set! (: #guymahomie! (: and btw I'm goin to your online concert!:D
Needs to go "cold weather" shopping! :-)
any reason you aren't making the newsletter a blog? Easier to share, you can still email it, search it etc...
Where yall hookers @!!!
You said you were leaving over 20 minutes ago, just fucking leave
not here..it doesnt show
Witching hour in the east. Goodnight tweeps.
oh..... “: You're more likely to die from a vending machine than win the $640 million Mega Millions jackpot tonight”
It's 2012. I carry the future on my belt. Why can't we make a fruit cup that doesn't spit pineapple juice when I open it?
I've even had to replace my entire wardrobe once and am working on a second time now
thanks for sharing good stuff!
Games still going on despite the power outage. Thanks to the natural light!
I'm cracking that smile i just can't seem to loose.<3
I love my dogs(:
"The posthumous is the category in which the unthinkable must be thought." (Sandar Goodhart)
I would very much like to read a book tonight... but which one?
I got my tickets for the Seattle show :) Section 115, row 3, seats 1 & 2! What did you guys get? :)
I love the #pens!! I love pens fans!! I love everything about them!!
it's ok. When I make it. I will just blast them lol
it's never too early. I have *secrets*. When we do the tea-bag drop I'll share.
Ima Write a book "think like a woman"
I guess you're not retiring
Remember, our reaction to life can turn a gift into resentment or transform an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful butterfly
Them hoes dont owe me NOTHING
never to late to try and fix things with your friend
*When my parents are asleep* Me- "Shh! they're sleeping" .... *When I'm asleep* Parents- "Let's vacuum the house for 3 hours"
Holy shit every guy sucks
That DJ is the best thing to happen to Phoenix all summer.
I find it interesting that Pinterest users won't title their pins. They prefer visual browse to keyword search.
Do unto to others as you would have them do to you.
Drusen are small, yellow deposits that form within the retina. They are sometimes associated with macular degeneration.
Thank you for translating and sharing!
Fuck the shit im done nobody will ever see me again im leaving my phone on the side of the road love you bye
the only thing making me nervous about the as-of-yet unscheduled move is the vinyl that should be making its way to me 'round then.
"utterly predictable" as many see true for climate change. And there are deficit deniers and those who think we can wait to act
I love those pair girls. They are to great and to much fun!!! #friendshipbraceletes twitter less "Chis" :)
RT <== haven't been there in awhile (well come on over and #getUGLY )
Rick Santorum wrote an autobiography that later became famous entitle West Side Story
; i'm not known to be a bubble buster.. but those aren't ducks. those are commonly called geese. #lmfao :o
Tired of lines yet? Performances of DR HORRIBLE-LIVE @ 6pm and 10pm Tonight! Sign up for $20 Standby tickets!
No, Google maps for Blackberry, when I search for "park" I don't mean "parking."
when i need you the most.. where are you?
They just silenced the word "Mexican" in American Werewolf in London when the Brit is telling the dumb airplane joke. Fuck liberals and Syfy
I'm officially checked out, no more work today. Ready to devote some quality time to my family. Happy holidays everyone!!
doesn't pronounce the "t" in "often" I'm so proud!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
why no DB in the draft? Oh well. C grade draft. Better than the last couple years.
Onion and thyme.... I would be angry. Really?!
Fucking boredom. Someone save me.
LIKE! I cant tell you how much I wanna be there.
I'm thinkin' Valencia in 2014!
Did you send or receive any awesome mail recently? Share a pic with #ShowAndMail!
Home builders gearing up lately for a robust recovery!
ha, right on.
I hope you get out safely.
For my mistakes that i kno I can an will get better on
I wudnt be aable to fall aasleep if I knew I had some money in there hahaahahha
I swear to lord I've been down to earth but more times then not I've been lifted
Well played. RT : Now that the humidity is going down here in Indy- Sign up for and save $$ on golf
your the worst
try being 6'4 in coach. Love midwest airlines 4 that reason.
Agreed. RT : This city should be embarrassed to have voted Potbelly 2nd best sandwich shop in Best Of.
Does anyone have an excuse about why Kobe didn't do enough when the got that ass whooped
point in a direction and I'll do wat needs to be done.
“Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.” ...
great thanks. I will check this out!
OMG I know! I was so ticked off when I heard what Geraldo said!
OH AWESOME! IT'S Tuesday! Two piercings for the price of one!! YES!! All damn day long!! Because we love you!
Great having you back at CG. Welcome home!
Yeah hopefully! Can we go back to sulphur soon?!
book signing at B&N in Savannah GA was terrific!
what a tune!
Older adults (age 60-84) exhibit more negative age-bias than younger adults (age 17-26) Source: Georgia Institute of Technology, March 2011
Eat get fat
I take it back after you said that.
#findUW we have our first hunter at clue 3.
So I'm not alone, I just hope is not a killer or something lol jk (x
Happy Birthday Darrell. Have a great day!!
i can't even say happy mother's day to my mom cos she's not here.....
#TrackTryouts are tomorrow i hope i make the team.
I was the best out of all if you guys!
Thought the same thing and I watched him at Temple.
Do you think there are clear leaders in the debate, personal preferences aside.
aww, you missed me? i missed you too x finally i'm worth someones time. :)
must be why u failing
The Kings are the only LA team with a chance to win it all. The Staples Center workers wont be that busy after this NBA round
You say one thing, yet you do another.
you know desire gonna be working when you gey there
hey bobby will you be doing any in-stores signing copies of your album?
Last chapter of the semester tonight! Come and give a shout out to A. Esquivel. See you all at 7PM!
back to bed again.
“Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.”~Charles Luckman
Off to Dubai.
Me RT : Who's in Detroit & coming back to EL today?
Out in 6th for 0. Ak < kk for my 14 bigs. Possibly could've found a fold as absurd as that is
It's my birthday, can I get a follow? Please :)
Wake forest is doing work.
ur mi beautiful queen ^__^ i love u
so prom is looking pretty lame for me.
“That idea [of generating new content] wasn’t something that made sense before HubSpot taught me why that would be a good idea
When I miss the bus & have to walk, I keep my mum on the phone & talk shit about the creeps. Getting quite good at shit talking in bangla.
anything I can do? Lol.
If my family and my hood loves me That's all I need real talk
No comment should be necessary
Ah I get what you're saying. Don't know how I feel about editions either, but with my fine art background I can't part from it.
I wanna play with a monkey <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092>
Hope mama sanders has a great birthday!!!
I'm flying from Boston to Baltimore today and I am not nervous in the least. We've come a long way in 10 years.
"Power comes from love."
that's a good reason to turn down an app. next in line among bad fonts is papyrus and tempus sans. all hard to take srsly.
Good night for Tony, great night for Ducan, & goodnight to the Phx Suns!
....oh RT : Baby....let me....show you how yo pussy works, since you didn't bring it to me first....
Money make up a wig n jewelry can make a bitch cute buh wats underneath all that shit doe is wat I'm wondering
Talent is universal, but opportunity is not.
I'm single and yea that my daughter
For all this politicking shit, there has to be something in the middle
If God favors you to send u an amazing spouse....everyday make sure you love and appreciate them!!
my neighbor is outside screaming jump...to a tree :/ I won't ever understand his ways
With our books out!
wow. That's just great.
everyone should watch kailey's new cover. My boo did an amazing job and loved the song choice, obviously <3
Lol everyone is freaking out how one of the crews took the boyz move
hey man love your stuff. I work with 9-18 yr. old hockey athletes. Would love to talk sometime. I interned -Adam
Camos Brothers in Chapel Hill is Closed for the summer, we will re-open in August! See you then!
luck in AC this week you are gonna compete against my best friend from Dancin Queens :)have fun...love you Nick! <3
DBU Music Alumni--Come tonight at 7PM to Pilgrim Chapel to hear the Chorale lead us in worship at their Spring Concert!
Alexi rally killer
Pleased a proposal I authored with to use self-employment assistance in our efforts to create jobs was inc. in payroll tax deal.
Oh awesome! Both the NBA and the NFL are officially locked out!
Moyer came to a cancer treatment school when I was living in Seattle & hung out all day, a super awesome guy!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Can you do me a favor ; take a Look at this& give Me feedback? it Would be helpful, thankyou. # www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
There should be temperature limit on UGGS.. It was 75 today in NY.. Why do you have on them feet Warmers?
MKELive All Stars Thanks for the RT's this week!
Everytime you analyze how you live you get mad
The perfect temperature for tea is two degrees hotter than just right. ~Terri Guillemets
3 more days ;)
ADD kicking in right...about...now.
i'm not sure how well it'll go over on all time slash though
Now this is the way to wake up!! YOU TOO! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>“: #SKEEWEE! Have a WONDERFUL day. ": Hey SKEE WEE!!!"”
Thank you! I will be sure to post pics when we are there next Saturday!
Guess I'll go see what's on tv.
you guys look amazing!
Oh good. It's raining. I am a nervous wreck. No pun intended.
I do have a life. Its called my twitter life. And it sure as hell is better than my real one. So suck it up.
yolo ;) good timing
you dropped a half rack on the floor?!? You have to cradle it like a baby! C'mon
Hollidays are right around the corner think about a scooter guy membership, arrive safe and keep your great rate
Good morning from LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC ! Head in for our $7 sandwich/salad lunch special! #dcfoodies Just a block from the zoo!
#GameofThrones is on...don't eff with me..
what's up homie?
small business loans
please follow me <3 #loverng Itd make my week
Still taking your questions for tonight's sports sunday. Tweet us your best and we'll answer on the air with Canzano.
me neither ! LOL
Queens people always trying to act hard with their middleclass @$$
are u lesbians ???
My parents didn't even notice I was gone the whole time...lol
#gametime Lets bring it to trinity
it usually involves my boyfriend and I, or family and friends. Someone always ends up passing away.
Shout out to my boy he is going off this morning follow him and laugh with me
Where do you go for good ideas?
I am keeping busy and steady. It will get busy later when it rains. I talk with u when I am waiting to see new patients.
I agree!
well he said he goes with the easiest girl he can get so your right i guess your just the #1 choice
Presents Shopping :)
nice win for the Aggs
every day. Just especially so today :)
this culdesac has changed my life don't talk bad about it
I love you picture!!
I wish I was strong enough to lift, not one, but both of us . <U+2764>
“: Is there such a thing as unintentional grounding?". Yes, a Matt Ryan pass.
It was now or never, so I picked never.
Newest spot for a paper cut... My top lip, ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Eating trail mix this morning. Feel like I need to do a hike. Maybe I should switch to potato ships and I won't get those feelings.
Heat is ridiculous. I should move to a place with more buildings, trees, and hills for shade. #kansas? Oh #wait they don't have any of those
Just claimed my first #Facebook offer to 3 of my favorite S's: social, shopping, savings.
sounds good to me...Bryan what do you think?
Good morning beautiful people!
My biggest wish is to find a sketchbook along similar lines of Smash. One that has different colors and types of papers.
Feeling like Something is missing..
BTW...thought you were following me. I was going to shoot a DM to thank you for the live updates. Looks like a cool event.
I wanna bitch from everywherw
Match.com here I come! Pathetic I kno but gotta get out there sometime, why sit around n wait?
Pranks, Gags, Jokes, Novelties, It's all here in our Amazon Store ---> www.amazon.com/shops/Fun_Squared
UMBC is buzzing w/ #URCAD12 activity today. Heard great poster presentations on Chinese investment in Sub-Saharan Africa, Arab Spring & more
When y'all gon #WakeUp and recognize real talent? I swear I'm on my swagg. #Woke!!
Alright! I'll talk it out with some people, see what works. It was great talking to you again, and meeting you last night! :)
Going to 's tonight :D
Apollyon's theme by >>>
RT : So far we have & Pattie Curry attending #SHRMAtlanta from ILSHRM - doing survey of board now.
In other news, my cat just went ape sh*t, jumped to TOP of my bedroom blinds and split them in half! :/
49. Ugh! :( one day I'll what I want to do when I grow up!
Goodnight twitter, <3 & goodnight . I know you'll notice me one day.. Anyways, GOODNIGHT!
- they're rebranding the Spicy Chicken Sandwich as "Wendy's Fire Crotch".
Thanks for the mentions/RTs -
good luck. You'll kill that exam. Love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Hooves & Beak has been on my "must see" list since 2010. Shameful that I haven't made it happen yet. Plus I'm loving The Thoughts these days
Wahoo! Can't wait to see you there you gorgeous geek you! xoxox!
Genius is eternal patience. -Michelangelo
It is me. Eddie of Eddie's Attic got the boot. I wonder how JM is feeling about the guy that put him on the map getting canned!
I hate existential crises that pop up in the middle of the work day.
my dude you already know!!!
In order: nope, nope, nope. But correct city. Just wring addresses / brands.
<U+200E>#MarryTheGaga is trending! I would Marry all of you in a heartbeat. Sometimes I wear a monster paw ring on my wedding finger. Yours 4 life!
We will be at the Pittsburg mills strongland EXPO this weekend
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. ~ Robert Frost
I bet you are. Golfer. :)
Where the Wild Things Are. I was so sad! Especially because it's leaving theaters today. :(
Coming home for lunch is a tease. I don't wanna go back<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
YES! but u r buying the drinks :) lol RT : I'll come to the tweetup if u still let me after missing so many
Thanks for joining us on the Radio Show tonight!! :)
I Hate You.
Do what you think is best to understand everything better.
Is this just a game? I don't know. <3
Canada has glow-in-the-dark dinosaurs on coins, and America can't even get "In God We Trust" off our money. Getcha head in the game, U.S..
I feel bad for all those people who lost their homes in the tornado its so sad
Karma at work, clearly.
those babies are huge!
Love the idea of "Godet" writing a #Kinkade obit. Send me a link when you do!
me too. I was pumped!:/
Braun just got enough of that one to put it over the wall in left.
I wanna go to six flags let's get a group and go
Day 15 on the platform, ready to go home. Day is going good so far, have seen 3 whales today, 1 as close as about 50 yards.
your not ;)
When will #badgers get a real football coach? Can't wait to hear this year's excuses.
I had a beautiful Marroccan sandwich at Casablanca on 1st avenue between 61st & 62nd street in Manhattan. Great service, fresh and gorgeous!
It's a lifestyle – train like there's no finish line.
Ready to book your load! RT : #EYEOFTHETIGER over here in #Truckload Sales ! Can you dig it?
yea but i gota set it all up 2nite but ima hyu once i got it done
that seems weird. a bug perhaps? I can't see any reason for them to do that.
i second that! Kindle Fire would be sweet!
We are going strong for #SXSWInteractive. Looking to keep my team active during
Ann Romney believes we must respect the choices women make...so is Mitt pro-choice again?
WOW I'm glad I ain't bet any money wit any of my #Philly followers, I call it how it is , Good comeback.
Welcome back Intern Shalynn Vaughn! We hope we provide you with rewarading and exciting projects this season!
Happy birthday ... Have some bourbon. Like I have to tell you.
First day of last week down! :)
“: #Gemini hates dull lovers.”
Can't wait to hang out in Austin again. Your travel photography is amazing!
Happy Valentine's Day 9Round Nation! How are you showing that special someone you care?
at least you did somehing
Breakfast time.
Thank you for following!
#veryimportantpeople CEO of Apple Inc. RIP #SteveJobs I'll always remember you.
Way to go Wings. Keep that forecheck.
Don't hold on so tightly tour path that u miss the magic.. opportunites present ursef at inopportune times # wov12 jennife chayes inspires
#oomf is so intelligent
If all food tasted like the uni/garlic/chili/clam linguine at Son of a Gun in Los angeles, there would be no more war in the world.
The bright side: when teams get new stadiums, they get Super Bowls. The Packers play in Super Bowls. I could celebrate a Pack title in MN...
RT : Why do we park on driveways and drive on parkways? Just to be silly? ~George Carlin
It's almost #draft time! Best of luck to all the former #bsubroncos over the next few days. Can't wait to see where you all land!
Happy birthday !! You guys gotta stop growing up! Makes me feel old! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
The Link Magazine is currently undergoing Web design changes. We hope to have an interactive, user-friendly site. So stay tuned!
Cant decide if I want to get my membership for the month of May at the AC or at the Y
hi remy i knw u dont knw me but i understand how it is to have friends den they betray u im going through the same thing now
Come on 11 o'clock.... Waffle House is callin my name!
I think might have run her out of town. Or he secretly seeing her. We can't decide which.
i guess she like is ruff
Sleepover almost got awkward as I very nearly blasted my snoring recording.
hope everything is great on your side. So, as we talked before, which app are you interested in? Mac app or iPhone app? Let me know.
Did you know Henry Blair, the 2nd African-American to receive a patent, invented a corn seed planter in 1834 and a cotton planter in 1836?
The snow is falling in Downtown Seattle! Don't feel like driving home? DM for reservations
Daay of silence..
awesome game. i love the fluid game play for sure. Plans for any new ones in the future? Thanks.
yeah bitch you boo boo! you turned down,you thirsty!
Haha...jelly beans will do that! Enjoy your walk and have a blessed day! :-)
Yeah, you should stick with marine biology....
There are so many paths to Super Pac success for President Obama probably just can't choose one.
I think there is sign on 27 as you enter Montauk: "Anne Weiskopf, please go home"
Hey baby. Wish I was relaxing too! See you in a bit. Da Dockta!
“: Oxford! I'm playing this Friday night at 10:30pm! Come one, come all!” I'll be there selling hot dogs outside.
love you too, Mama :)
Welcome to twitterland where you'll spend way too much time :-)
stupid tweet limit
Better than a thousand useless words is one single word that gives peace. ~ Buddha
I ask that same question every time they post something about one another….
G1 test post. Also testing protected updates
Read in
I feel like every road in avon is shut down.
Oh that is very pretty. Like the one-shoulder and color.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Guys telling me we can be the next Jay-Z and Beyonce but they are unemployed!
that's who i am right now!
hey brother!!!
here all about C.L.A.P. on newest podcast out today!!!!! PLUS a GIVEAWAY!!!!!
yea, easy to write a check your ass cant cash too....ego got the best of him....even coaches said he did it...own it
That super cool moment when uses "you're" instead of "your".
will there going crazy killing everyone
C'mon #Brewers!! Too many meat balls served up this season so far!
Fracking porn! RT : Latest oil and gas engineering term to make me blush: "open hole swell packer"
well, i wanted go hang out around MSG to see if i could get a glimpse of bieber, but my dad won't let me out of the house these days.. :|
The deadline may have passed, but you can STILL submit your application for the 2012-13 Corps!!!!
M, I had a couple of those!
Enjoy your labor day everyone! We are open all day..Come beat the rain & pick up our beautiful flowers to ease your pain. -_-
herbs in a bottle are perfect for cooking when you've got no time! Love them.
Now watching Serra vs Pasadena
has received a Rosetta Lenoire Award Nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
"I'm tired of reading films. Less text, stats and more stories with pictures" said Fri by Loira Limbal but credited to Mable Haddock....
What Would Bear Do?
Not really, that's not his game. Forcing him into that role if someone else has a better shot is a mistake
Packers Mike. By the way, your the greatest of all time
I'm covered. thanks so much, though:)
headed to Key West this weekend. Anything doing there we should know about?
Happy Easter
Asus is usually very fast so I'm sure it'll work just fine
i mean have some respect for your team. Lots of great players never won a title and still out on for they team
My partner is interviewing for his sub license today. I know my boy will do well.
I HATE homework...
Thanks for saving me during the awkward car ride! :)
why r the #Colts n #Redskins taking all the time to make their picks tho?? # NFLDraft
Sorry, I can't hangout. My uncle's cousin's sister in law's best friend's insurance agent's roommate's pet goldfish died. It was tragic.
At a CATO green energy policy lecture... No words to express how this makes me feel.
My name is Diamond Shore and I love Teresa because she is beautiful, a great singer and dancer, and so inspirational <3
i wish for a time when equality is such a given that we only talk about it in history class
Up making that good musik
musicians have very little leverage due to the perception that they are easily replaceable. and hell, DJs are cheaper!
prob after I get back to the crib
Looking forward to seeing James Galea on the KTLA Morning News on Mon, April 25th!
Jerry's 8pm tonight in Wicker Park to support some good music making! come join.
Let us not be too particular; it is better to have old secondhand diamonds than none at all.
Editiing the pilot episode. Stay tuned for airtime & web addy. Follow the Freaks on Twitter & on www.yournewsdetroit.com!
It's a rare occasion that I have to get up early on a Sunday for work. Of course today is the day Cookie decides to be cuddly.
So jealous you're there. I love the ugly win...Lakers baby!
Check out our new and spooky cookies for HALLOWEEN!! Stop by the store, mentions twitter and receive a FREE treat!
When my hands go cold, my nails turn purple.
not every single one of my pictures are of me.But some people post pictures of them selves like in every picture they have .
Probably a good idea
you bet and thanx for the compliment
boo! You just missed me!
Our Friends at Song Of The Day featured #callmemaybe by yesterday.#NowPlaying on
where are you moving?
If the #RedSox can't win against the A's and Orioles, how will they fare against the Yanks and Rays? Is this a lost year?
the VW commercial, with the little boy dressed as darth vader. love it!
At getting my eat and drink on for the first time with the wifey!
I love a good disaster training meeting, it makes me feel like shouting "Bring it on!"....hoping I didn't just tempt fate.
All the world's a stage - or so they tell me.
tweeting about yourself again?
that sucks homie
hey ya whore :)
i get this, just don't see it happening and don't think it's realistic at this time. thots?
I've decided to watch every post-Leone Eastwood film. Just finished WHERE EAGLES DARE, so it's now time for PAINT YOUR WAGON.
has tons of opportunities if you're looking to relocate to San Diego! When you do, let me help you find your new home!
How about smoothly shaded 3D objects?
Hey! Aren't you supposed to be out of town??
Getting so stressed and nervous for Thursday
Sparty is in trouble!
Delish!! Hot spots to check out: in The Cosmopolitan - BEST Bamboozled milkshakes & for BEER!
Its a wrap on A VERY STRANGE MAN! Quite possibly one of the funnest projects ive had the pleasure to work on!!
At Brocach. Live music - Irish style downstairs. Somewhat strangely, Guitar Hero upstairs (a bit loud).
Heading to Midway for the #bmorebookfest! Little nervous!
that's not true.
Thanks for noticing!
lots of yawning :)
E-reader petting zoo creates a dynamic hands-on learning experience to the e-book/e-reader session this afternoon. Bruss
Let me get off this computer.
You're welcome! I love reading other people's stories! (Guess that's why we're writers!<g>)
So, who else is up??
The Los Angeles
#WFFConf12thrilled to be having social connections with amazing Social changers/leaders
Lucy in the sky with diamods.
The Chicago Music Festival Coming Soon...
no. But they need to get back to sac state.
the basic PLOT: pickles, lettuce, onion, tomato
"I aint go to high school, i went to school high"
video photoshoot at the fire station! We just took pics with a fire truck! Hope we get in the video!
Lmao, Alesha! I noticed it was on and planned on tweeting you too lol I think of you every time... Never fails.
shut your dumbass up, nobody in there right mind will do any of that shit you speaking
. grilling Brietbart stooge re O w "radical" professor @ Harvard diversity rally but why cover nonstory?
What a beautiful day for a Brewer game! Go Crew!!!!
Big things to come
Finally boarding to key west, about time!
Oprah Winfrey~ The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be.
my phone hasn't been ringing off the hook this morning - does that mean has finally stopped calling?
On da way to Canton Jones birthday party,lets go
i know i can smell 'em...yum...
I want a pair of Isabel Burlap Ballet Flats, and they seem to be on back order everywhere in my size (5.5). Must be comfortable.
I'm drunk
Settling down to watch The Voice. , you carry this show and steal it often. But we can always rely on your honesty!
Is it Halloween? Cause I just saw a penguin and an orange fuzzy monster walking down the street...
it would be awesome if you followed me! it would really make my day :]
Does that solidify or discount my observation? Ha! MT I think the paper boxes in the NGen Lounge are so we can write on them
I start with me eyes closed. Can we artificially open them so I don't start with close eyes? Or do someting?
come visit Missouri!!!!!
Louisville is MUCH better when you are in it !!! Please don't GO !!!!!!!!!
thanks for the compliment on the shoes! My girlfriend (CeCe) says they make me look like a 15 year old skateboarder. :(
What do you mean we run another gaming community website that has a pretty big To Do list? :-p Next for a touch-up
Back home. Good ole Pennsylvania! :)
Vick is back as a guest in his old houst
Nobody ever told me playing with data sets was this much fun.
I'll put my big Loufa wherever you need me to Michelle! Just tell me where it would feel the best for you! Xoxo
Ah I love the sound of #rain while lying in bed :-)
Heading to Cincy this afternoon, haven't been in yrs. Have a casual, dining alone, dinner recommendation?
Thanks for joining! Happy to see more Emersonians added to the community.
Biden is making all these 'less experienced' people look better to me every day. LOL
so hard to find a job. huhu
I know what that means...gets the people going!
My dad was washing his car & his soap bucket got stolen dear god
yeah, I saw that. What a piece of work?!
WOULD U SELL UR SELL FOR FORTUNE & FAME
I got vcu at the 12 over wichita! Think they keep their magic from last year
: one more cup of Caffe Mocha and you're done!
Overcast, love notes from San Francisco, swoon
I want to start doing yoga again
See I can't decide whether to wear red or green for the evening. At least I know where I'm going to be.
Funkotron is next!!!
Wrestlemania comeback in the works for Lesnar.
That girl in that Honda commercial is cute!
I know because my job keeps me informed. Lol. I.e. Christmas program at church
Thanks Laura!
Thanks Everyone for follow me ... I will follow you back ;)
anytime gorgeous :)
I got a job!
send me those pics you took on your phone of us
I hate it. You wanna trade me places?
iight bet Saturday it is
Gotta go peeps. C everyone later. Thank you to my new followers, ngood to meet you.
Baffert's Liaison draws unlucky No. 20. Bodemeister still to go.
lol no :o ik u go to south rite?
I've got it - I remember bc it was Horizontal instead ... I remember I got 2 bc I thought my cousin wanted 1, I'll look 2day
I LOVE YOUU
FOLLOW IF U LIKE OR THINK U GOT SWAGG :*
Can't let highs get too high or lows too low: Isn't Empire Strikes Back that much better knowing Return of the Jedi soon follows?
Can anyone recommend a good Mexican restaurant on the west side? I'm talking a good margarita and good food...
Well here we go. is following you again ;)
Time for a
So how was insomnia last night. Did you jinx yourself?
& ill do the same thing so chill out Dawg smh . whicho gay ass lmao bitch can't get it . It like mine .n awh left me up n here
good morning
Nose looks good.
Best weekend ever thanks to my girls <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Um why do they think Justin is cute? He is far from it.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Before you approach the media, are u ready? Is your msg clear? Do you have something to promote yet?
We passed through a long area of fumes that smelled like thick natural gas. it made me feel nausious and then really sleepy.
OMG it sounds like heaven right now ": A tropical vaca is needed asap<St Maarten"
RT : Cubs and Bulls game tonight.. can only hope for 2 Ws for Chicago go
What's a tree book?
Hopin' I'm not forgettin no homework.
There is already an Art & Entertainment section, but not enough content detected. May be time to curate a Friday Arts edition …
": #TooMuchDoubt Troy Davis."When is he set to be executed and is there an online petition?
Happy to help...many variables is right!!
Sippin playing dominoes
What are we doing here? Why is nothing clear?
right? Basketball awesomeness
bry if your rap game was half as good as your twitter game you might get 120 views/listens.
Breakfast on breakfast on breakfast. With bacon strips and jack daniels syrup!
Thanks for mentions and RTs!
let me know. The elvisito is a winner.
": Good morning" Well good morning wood to you too ;)
...Mike Mullady, Don Matsanoff, Greg Thomas, Tom Fischer, Jeff Lyons, Todd Greiner, Phil Pelok.
whenn are you putting it upp?
Alright time to be sick today at
Except when they have breaking news on Favre's retirement, right?
Heading to Buenos Aires--anyone have favorite translator or city apps or must do's? Thx!...Gracias!
Another meeting today - looking forward to new guests & the introduction of our photographer as a new member!
Capturing photographs of lightning must be an art form in itself.
lol u can make a lil spread sheet lol
omg, this guy on the Mules News. LOL.
workin to birth this new whipp !! Ya dig
": CAPS AT 7:30 LAKER GAME AT 10:30 LAKERS SHOULD TANK LOSE ON PURPOSE TO GET MIKE BROWN FIRED" Ha, but doubt it.
I hit over 1400!!! Good shit twitter! Hit me up tell me what's going on guys and also hmu with new song ideas!
if u follow me ;)
I hear that Chris Judd's taken to dressing like Edward Scissorhands and listening to The Cure. S'pose that'd make him a Visy-Goth.
hahaha it was so easy. Magic Eraser, drop shadow effect, and save it as a .png. Will I be able to drop .png files on most media?
lol I don't remember
What makes you think blocking me is going to solve your problems?
A9 My buddy and because just about everything they say cracks me up.
“: jus tryna find out why are people so bitter”<<<< when you find the answer let me know
"When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt 1882-1945
Follow me. It's makes keeping up easier.
It's been over for years
I want tacos O.o
Love waking up to the sound of the birds chirping. Stays with me all day.
Enjoyed having you guys over. Good luck with the move and job search!
I am loving watching season 2 of the 1970s Hulk TV show!
I see allot of K's are you a nupe.....
Whatever you see you gotta keep a sense of humor; you gotta be able to smile through all the bullshit."
Thanks so much, Jason!! I truly appreciate it!
Today I am making my own fun by coming up with truly awful, pun-filled titles for a talk on historical beekeeping. Coworker is not amused.
Whitney Houston is dead? Fuuuk!
Vote for tonight !!
. I don't know how you missed it in Isikoff's list...."intermediate range"....it's a big deal
then what i'm saying is: yes. please. RT What I'm saying is I have food done today if anyone wants to come over and get a plate.
the law is the law, but I need to understand why a child would need 11k a month for support?
My daughter and I saw Avatar 3D last night. Amazing! The movie lived up to it"s hype. A must see in 3D... I was very impressed. Go see it...
is enjoying the very warm, sunny, tropical, and clear environment of the Hawaiian Islands. Swimming, surfing, snorkeling, and hiking!
That attitude will have to change when is your sister-in-law.
I can always make you laugh :D I'm good at that !! :)
Another new vocab word: 20K for a startup is known as "Ramen Money"
What is the deal when a human girl sneezes like a Disney princess? Is it real life?
pretty sweet!!
#Watertime is a few!
Rebound second shot 3...
This man suddenly decided to start using all caps in all of his tweets..
He hates you bitch.
Item-level describing in a finding aid and feeling a wee bit guilty about it. Still, will be huge help w/ specific q's about publications.
Yes!! I loved that and you should def propose it as a session. I will come if I can :)
AYE YOU DOWN THERE <U+261F> THERE'S A MONSTER UNDER YOUR BED!!
Natural Health Magazine Subscription, as low as $3.19/year: Subscribe to Natural Health Magazine for as low as $3.19 per year. To tak...
Melancholy men [possess]... a divine ravishment, which stirreth them vp to be excellent Philosophers, Poets, Prophets." - R. Burton, 1621
First Evotek SYM 026 Formula 1 Simulator Arrives in US after Receiving Rare, Real-life Endorsement by Ferrari Formula ...
#occupysd protester (who says he is vet and fed employee) broke into meeting, tells journos to spin coverage for movement.
remember us at rayovacbattery.net and usadeaf.com
thanks for the follow man!
i'ts hard to conceive that somebody like you, could be with someone like me.
I like two-a-days. Now I feel like I've had enough exercise for one day! Dinner with and Dr. Crazy-legs Wright!
When he or she comes running, tell him or her that your feet are sore and could use a little rub down.
LUKE!!! How are you, my friend?
Hello World!!!
www.thesoapguy.com Bookmark it!!!
Holy shit this rain...
#Inspiration is an energy that is always there waiting for you to connect to it. It takes #courage to notice it.
doing ok little under the weather but dogs are keeping me company :-)
just listen to say somthing! *TEARS FALLING FROM MY EYES RIGHT NOW* i just gotta say 1 thing iloveyou austin follow me plss<33
RT : KC Chiefs draft pick Devon Wylie has agreed to terms on a contract. Congrats
: Woo! That's quite the compliment! Lots of those in the derbs.
#ASimpleWhiteName O.J.
"Dominick. I dunno want me to ask them?" Yeah ( I say ) "Ok, god damnit! Lookin' for builders"
going for a run and then beginning training for my backup career as a professional sc2 player. Ben.Prime.WE
How is your day going, from a lovely Angel:)
Because only public tv/radio does actual history broadcasting, that's why. And why so important to protect.
Esp since it'll be his last in a Rangers uniform.
#ArtFact - English artist Andy Brown, created a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II of Britain by stitching together 1,000 used tea bags.
sned us over line sheet and info of your brand. to look forward to hearing from u thnkz
Lmao Touche on that... well i know of one in particular :)
can i go over to the elementary school, and take nap time all day!?!
First pool party of the year went...um....yeah. It went.
MIDSUMMER at is magical, joyful, and thrilling. One of the coolest things I've seen.
WINNING! k I miss youu! but I never see you because we have messed up schedules :O
Harvard baseball team>>>>
Work it! RT : spinning tonight. See you there.
Museums & are like two peas in a pod. Looking forward to a busy last hour on the phones with Reynolda friends for
By creating a commercial startup you also create social startup by creating high value jobs, benefiting the society
#Occupy folks - ESPECIALLY people of colour - need to get down with anti-settlerism or we continue to alienate indigenous peoples.
Happy bday to my good friend TimO. Funny to say it here because he's not on Twitter or Facebook. Know what? I think he's on to something...
Niu Valley Middle with
RT : Julie Andrews laughed at my joke and leaned in towards me. We are best friends now.
Facebook = Social-network? NO! It's an online-market!
not having my phone <<<<<<
HuffPo "PRIMARY PAIN" thing reminds me of RNC's "Fire Pelosi" imagery from 2010.
My love is in the Galapagos. If you somehow get this message before you return, bring me back a tortoise. Thanks.
Faith is more an act of courage than it is an act of knowledge: Alan Hirsch, The Faith of Leap
vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup, one milkshake, two straws.
are u ready to get FUCKED UP? Lol
Is it okay if I do it tmrw cause I gotta go to bed:)
How have you been?
I'm so glad my assignment is due tomorrow and not today. I was running out of time.
#Baltimore,MD we need a Hunger Games advance screening!!
Thanks everyone for joining! Exciting
Holy crap - that's a great deal! Definitely interested, thanks for letting me know about it! :)
also those players were allowed to leave cuz transfer market was so cash rich u couldn't turn it down?! Beckham same deal.
a "total recall" remake? tight
I tell myself when Im lookin in the mirror, face it and walk away cuz you're no heartbreaker
looking good!
I'm sure he does. He's also a Red Wings fan so he isn't THAT bad, lmao
Engagement requires conversation. And good conversationalists always talk more about you than themselves.
Yeah, and a few blitz calls as well.
Can't wait! RT Just learned in news mtg abt potential BREAKING info that could develop in time for 10p tonight on
...except for the scattered guys in Argentina soccer jerseys.
RT : SKC>Yankees "Will be interesting to see who draws more..."
In Visual Resources Roundtable at #saa11 Also hoping for good summaries and tweets from AT/Archon
welcome to Twitter!
right chyea come to richmond
oh I bought a ticket lol they didn't take it
Me to the guy at Subway: "How's the new Pizza sub?" he stares at me and goes "I don't eat cheese"
see a doctor. quick.
The old bowl system.
Good run stuff by Markelle Martin
Never Say Never :)
RT : Make sure to arrive early tonight
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 43
FOX sucks.
The bigger question is, how much longer will Kim be on TV?
Happy Monday Morning, Twitterers! We're kicking off our Next Actors teen #audition workshops today at High School of the Arts
bout to head to my auntie house so i can eat
:-) RT : RFD happy to be involved in Happenings in our hood is where it is at!
Casting new reality show! Have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
Stop being jealous because I'm actually happy. You thought I was going to be sad? Yeahh well I'm not :)
More prep football action in the Hollow tonight! Lincoln Cardinals kick off their playoff run against the Gresham Gophers at home...1st qtr
George W. Bush just depicted how most core Republican "compassionate" conservatives support severely conservative
#np jah cure-what will it take
Any great fall recipes out there?
please tell me your going to be home for mifflin.
sorry, unfortunately justin bieber wont be coming to kansas city anytime soon. i'll keep you updated when I hear something
no I won't give up on us,even if the skies get rouuughh.... asdghjkl I LOVE YOU AUSTIN. <U+2665>
peel'n off the police decals takes hella courage... precise engineering... and a dope ass getaway bike...
LOL!! Aww. I just love that song. It's one of my favorites.
#iDoit2 living the American dream
Awesome! We're always open to feedback.
Great to hear Sarah!
Tomlin with a STRONG outing! Great to see him pitch well!
Was up Twitter ain't been on in a min
It will Rain. There will be pain. Trouble will come. Understand. But count on joy. Morning will come. The Sun will shine. Keep ya head high
Happy Mother's Day from all of us here at ATM! What are you doing to make Mom feel special today - and every day?
Elevator rides with other people are so awkward....
Who needs NBA when we have #KU basketball?!
any numbness or tingling? Swelling might indicate compartment syndrome
Today is International Day of Awesomeness, which happens to coincide with Chuck Norris's bday. LOL! Celebrate your awesomeness today!
#fact about the #8 It is 7 + 1.it is the number associated with Resurrection and Regeneration, and the beginning of a new era or order.
So when you're lost and you're tired when you're broken in two..let my love take you higher cause I, I still turn to you..I still turn to u<U+2665>
To the 9yo lad who looked me in the eye to tell me why he likes my daughter: "She has a cool dad, & she's nice to me." Well done, young bro.
I'm so very worn out and tired right now
his outing wasn't that bad. He was better than Kuroda, but he was hooked too early. Hopefully he will get better next start.
Has anyone tried yet? Eager to hear reports!
It's time to be happy again
I need to see you guys play!!
its all good lol
Social Savvy Elite #smbmad #ford -
help us Lord! I have my music on and can't even groove like I usually do lol
Brunch and a movie
Hangin' in there! How are you? :)
#MittRomney, I do not want to follow you. Please get off my Twitter feed.
dikembe mutombo speaking at 2010 college commencement. and i HAD to graduate a year early.
it was nice talking to you! I miss you all the time!
The shortest way to do many things is to do only one thing at a time.Richard Cech
Second leg matches for the Champions League starting momentarily. Which are you tuning into?
oooooohhh..... very good to know. All I have is Red Bull and well, it's gross....
Right now, your website is being viewed on a smartphone. Will you embrace the mobile revolution? #Mobile #Websites tiny.cc/moire72
Angel was an Amazing dog & Austin is probably Heart-Broken. Tell Austin We are here for him. Mahomies got his back.(: <3
it's okay. Just be on the lookout for me plz =]
“: sorry I was grumpy I lost my contact <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>”its ok my icecream was good, I had fun, & you get paid
Thats what I like to hear! RT : was bumpin some in his car haha
To recruit bloggers get to know them. Comment on their blogs and retweet their posts
Rest!!!!!not yet...work on commercials...Talk about that later......."Funny Stuff...like... ha.... ha"
I decided I'm going!! I think my dad may comee with me if not its jus me n my baby girl!!!! She's so excited!!;)
Dr.Angelou called him"genius--maybe"; actually,she's trying 2 get him2 admit his ignorance. And until that day--our 'beef' continues
After a week of not working out, I felt (and probably looked) like a wet cotton ball on the treadmill.
I should gossip less.
This guy has 50 and bieber carry out his belts
Josh Smith emphasized the need to stay off of his knee as he did an interview with Lisa Salters while standing.
I know. If their's anything I can do to help, let me know. It makes me sad to think about animals that are dying because of this.
I keep mine in the freezer & take them before bed. No fishy burps!
Much love back atcha!!!!!!
France was a young black student? Who's writing over there tonight?
Try some in a gin martini. Thank me later.
. Oh, kolach, good idea. Know a good recipe out there on the 'net or have one to share?
I don't believe in the hype. I believe in hard work and discipline!
Hi! Follow me and connect - we always have need for your talent!
"The era of self-publishing on mobile is over," says head of mobile publisher.
Is a proud IPad owner! How does this thing work?
Last day of the Holiday Fair, hope to see you all downtown today!
Thanks to everyone.
Art & Science? Complimentary I think, then as now.
Davinci is expanding internationally! Need a new virtual location in Spain? London? China? Dubai? Call #DavinciVirtual today.
So Stop Askin Me...About The Hoes That...I Use To...#FuckWith!!
Four Loko... Oh how I hate you!!!
Now following !
s/o to all the moms!
good morning cuz! Make it a great day and be blessed!
I need to get more active on twitter!
it funny bc its true
Yes same torta! Come back for it!!!
: How did you score this interview with ?
I know :-/, but compared to some People..gosh, I so so poor! :P .. oh, thanks!! <3
hey thanks for drinking with me I had a blast and it was great seeing you
oh yeah oh yeah?
? where U club,cafe,sweet mangoes,busboy.n.poets,where man I'm in yo cityeee
Just for fun, check out the topics you're "influential" about.
Stay tuned...the winners of the MyHeartMap Challenge announced next week!!
WOW THANKS.
I mean I want u to stay on twitter!
Specials: Soup: Beef Veggie, Pasta: Tomato Alfredo Fettuccini with Chicken, Pizza: Sausage, Pepperoni, Onion & Mushroom
Great meeting with the #CEIC yesterday!
All class, that guy MT : Statement released by Gov Walker welcoming Barrett to his "soon to be third statewide losing campaign"
thats good (y) , so what r u doing ? xD
RT: its been a long and crazy trip... 6 years with #michaelscott, #theoffice won't be the same without you. you will be missed
Congrats to all of the #40under40 honorees! It our largest event nomination pool EVER.
No WAY! It's raining out, 40°, the wind is blowing and some eager horticulturist is out doing lawn care. Dude, I need to work!
The Forum has one..1604 & 35N
Shoot I wish. Sounds unbelievable.
And the answer is me. "Dr. Jones, there is nothing you can want, that I cannot have." Or something like that.
“ As an android user, that instagram app aint shit. Dont even waste your time downloading it”
#RatchetGirls look for Boyfriends over Twitter
darn. Literally doing my show on all those dates.
so, what, like 35 cents for a zing and 45 cents for a burn?
These alerts always bring me back to 2003. ": Great Fire Update: 2000 acres 25% contained. #Great"
no, it actually does not.
It gets more confusing everyday. Sometimes it's heaven sent, then we back to hell again
"Sefl-praise is for losers.Be a winner.Stand for Something, Always have class and be humble"-John Madden NFL Coach
Tried it, thanks for the advice! My favorite was the pork ribs
if ya dun no mi ah rudegul
Masters in Info Science with a concentration in Health Info Tech, Info Session TONIGHT @ 6:30 pm. Tuition discounts! RSVP:
That's a great joke!!!
My friends suck...
brobro, I have a sneaking suspicion you're playing dif characters during the show. Is that right? The edit makes you look cray.
Hanging with the radar late on this Sunday night. Tracking showers & storms as they move into the area.
Just a fever dream? RT ": Wow, didn't expect that, Don. #MadMen" i know, right?!
On the way to church(: just 3 & 1/2 more days until summer !
January is pretty hot, but September is my pick.
In a heart beat
Help you look good out there! Keep the head down on the downswing
Not a bad little video-- like the funny bits. Nice job,
Of course u and ur friend can sit next to me, undergrad. It's not like ur pointless and stupid conversation is gonna bother me one bit. Nope
tiger shot 74.. just fyi
Did you hear about the monster who had an extra pair of hands? Where did he keep them? In a handbag.
I just fly Southwest. Or I comparison shop on Kayak
Confession17: im looking for a girl to plant seeds and have babys
#MyPastRelationships sucked. That's why they're.........wait for it.........PAST RELATIONSHIPS!
You're too nice! See you soon :)
best wishes
you think any chance my #Ravens lay an egg today vs #Browns ??? No chance, right???
Yep! I'll follow your lead. ;)
It's raining..I forgot what that looks like!
its the simple fact , why put it on twitter it was our own personal conversation. Twitter don't got nothing to do with it.
I just going to throw this out there. 49ers Super Bowl Champions.
Everybody. Don't be gay, and check out ISOLATIONIST. Pretty tight music, and some cool dudes.
Cleaning up the logo and making some business decisions today with
Engage w/ lib users, offer them exquisite lib care & experience, mitigate risks to alt. sources of info
" Yes, I'm a girl. I get jealous sometimes, I push doors that say pull, I wish for love at 11:11 and when I say I love you, I'm not lying.”
If you love One Direction, you need to go follow NOW! help get her some more followers! thanks guys! :)
Giving Amazon Mechanical Turk a spin. Such a cool name.
RT: The has made my cant miss list. I love this community of people. #Ideation12 //// AGREED! Amazing!!!
thanks for the invite! Lol
I don't always drink beer but when i do i prefer dos equis. Stay thirsty my friends. lol
aww never feel awkward to say hi to me! I'm like the weirdest person ever myself, haha
Going to be at the game with us Friday night? RT by end of All-Star game for your chance @ a free DAP #Orioles hat.
I've used them many times, but as it's run by volunteers they aren't always online when you list. keep with it, worth it!
When I only begin to read, I forget I'm on this world. It lifts me on wings with high thoughts.
that literally makes me hate everything.
Getting a pedi <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Naked & Famous concert
thanks for the follow Corey!
I see you boo
Good recap but off on MD. Don't get hype ab some pretty girl, spoiled by Daddy then Don, whose had 1 good idea
Orgs scared were not relevant in social media
catch up dinner with
to a room FULL of marketers. crazy.
these guys have great customer service!
Daryl my favorite though lol(most realistic)..Hell on Wheels is very* good. Dark.. lots of plots. Miles O'Brien is a great.
Tell Qaddafi "Welcome to America", its not like we have a border system that can be control, free welfare, heathcare, jobs
hi chris. i'm working on a mobile/web project and need some design/creative help in exchange for equity. interested?
They act out and scream at umpires too
You should go to disneyland in july cuz thats when me n my Bestie Chelsea are going and I would Die to meet you! WeLoveAriana
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven because have sex with me.
You asked for evidence, is that inadmissible in this court?
I'll stay tuned. Keep sippin', lady.
Pat Summitt steps aside with dignity and class. When asked to comment, Bruce Pearl said: "Here are your groceries sir."
Awesome. Only 2 hours...
OMG what's your problem tonight?
RT : Learned a lot about composting from & eco-driving from at today's Lunch & Learn!
Big Shout Out to Leuzinger HS Football Coach Ron Jenkins. Coaching staff HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certified in 2012. Accountability in Action.
The Sixth Principle of Kwanzaa is Kuumba (Creativity).
Sittin on the bench. CUZ I DON'T EVER PLAY.
you ok?
Probably? For New Year's I may need to bring a cousin in tow. But we're BFFs, so it should be cool.
Haha wow, men can be dorky sometimes!
Catch NBC 15 tonight during the 5 p.m. news cast! We'll be on with details for Evening at the Casino, only three days away!!
Ok, thanks!
no man bro's home from college so were goin out to dinner
Lovin' Vegas today. Its a good GCL day. (Gym, Charbroil, Laundry)
Stop by and grab some Sushi, My President. 1620 Market St. Downtown Denver's Sushi HQ Sonoda's Sushi LODO
is there presale?
it's looking that way. At this point its probably Matt Flynn or bust.
Great news, #FringeBinge -rs! To make our marathon an even 47 hours long, 4x11 "Making Angels" has just been added to the schedule!
i hope i will get to meet you soon maybe during the summer that is my life goal to meet you love you bella <3 : )
Lebron James will be named NBA MVP, wow good way to tarnish another award....
My tweet number 100 goes to for being such a good role model and inspiration and for reached 200k Mahomies today!(:
Watching these annoying ass lil niggas, reminded me how much I hated it
Heading out to the track to watch FIL and Indy Car qualifying, ALMS race and to top off a great afternoon, Joan Jett.
Thank you to the people who have tried to sabotage my success and work. Adversity was just what I needed to help bring out new talents.
thank u:)
When I wake up I don't feel like I do when I'm with you. (OracleAndTheMountain)
That awkward moment when a so called "Directioner" ,gets mad at someone for calling the boys gay...
I had to make the assumption that you were around a lot of black people... Which one are you at?
Anxious to get great blogging tips from at
I believe it can hold 40-50k, so no, but the idea is that by adding another PAX you spread out the attendance a bit.
$2.50 Lakefront tastes like full price
Feeling tired? Take time to stretch and relax (<5 min can do wonders!)
I was just about to but then I saw ur tweet that you were gonna eat so I'm like nahh, shes already full lol :p
is in search of InboxZero this morning - the bottom is there somewhere (I think!)
RT : Obama's budget goes down 99 to 0.
ISTA supports due to issues that fall thru cracks - cyberbullying
reason y u blocked me?
I am listening to dubstep
ah I'm jealous! What grade are you in?
You don't give away Three First round picks and draft another QB in the
Rec'd a Thank You gift basket from today! #SoSpoiled #I'mNotSharing
My school offers a Senior Year Project option - take 2nd semester off for a large independent project
the dream was too too weird to explain in 140 characters or less, a lot of running but I didn't get eaten
Being better everyday never push my self so much like this before
Hoppy Sunday! We are taking the day off; Hope you have a good one! See you Monday 2-7!
Oh, to be a kid again.. fml.
How do I take an Honors Course? Will it appear on my transcript? Answers to these questions at our Club Rush table! Stop by and talk to us!
ect* Physical copies will also be available online for purchase (:
wow! the thought of relaxing and doing nothing is really bumming me out
That's cute we'll come on over
Monday full of doctors offices but I'm still handing out business cards! Moving forward!!
and chocolate. RT : #AGirlDeserves a guy that treats her right.
they suck.
having one hell of a season. Should Boogie be on Team USA?
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo each other
Me: did you know that a platypus has two heads on its penis? Mom: haha they must be very active. *LOL*
Holloway-Attaway How can we use our affective experiences with texts to create and share our own collaborative practices?
it's because we bananas love you <3 I love you onision :P
Find someone who can make you laugh when you want to cry. Someone who holds you at your weakest, and loves you at your worst.
yes! very soon! and hopefully it will be GORGEOUS out!
Thanks for the tweet ! Soon you'll also be able to get us live on your mobile devices. Stay tuned & Thanks for Watching!
Or Ruger I suppose.
What the deuce is this Twitter? So and So and So and so and 49 others have stories for me email? One of these tweets is from May 9th
wow my coffee sure taste differenct from an hour ago what the heck happens to it as it sits? lol
no not at all just wondering where all the fans came from that's all
My Kindle Fire has the Hanging with Friends Cheat app available, but it doesn't have the Hanging with Friends app. Huh?
#Question Who is your favorite Phillie?
would like to get some sample pens for my classroom? Is that possible!;)
Imma be exhausted in the morning, just great
is there a number I can call to actually get help?
I don't know about you, but I always appreciate the warm and caring messages I receive from large, multinational corporations on my birthday
: RT : Rivera said he decided in his hotel room last night that this isn't the end. "Miracles happen," he said
Hey fans/soldiers, Keep Calm & Carry On. Eddie will be fine & the band as well.
Life is a book and you are its author. You determine its plot and pace and you—only you--turn its pages. – Beth Mende Conny
Text DAL173 to 61721 right now to help win a Dallas Observer Music Award! If we win, $10 off tickets for 24 hours!
u lock awesome baby, for real.
Should Obama waste his time on the Olympics?
I'll only have a brief layover in town the weekend of the IIT Hackathon, but will try to get there for a while!
Just Walk has a new website! Please tell your four-legged friends to get on the internet and check it out. Many thanks to
is it cold in my house?
haha.... just for you.
lol. Well, again, congrats. Alternative medicine or not, 90+ pounds lost is awesome!
If you refer to your #ChristianLouboutin heels as 'red bottoms,' you don't deserve to own them....
Congrats, on an amazing race this weekend!
Micheals last day episode of the office still gets me
RT So I'm sorting through the collection basket booty and I found..ready for this?... a hermit crab & a tooth! WTF!
Okay those tiny chihuahuas are cute....
anything that's not in tip-top condition and bring it on over! If you don't have time to wait, you can just drop off your gear too!
Also friends tweet at us and say whats up Yo ya dig...
It would be seriously cool to get a cash windfall right now. C'mon windfall. C'mon.
make a new cover :)
I want a weird al accordion
I stop RT alot cuz my grandma told me she was tired of seeing dat shit on her timeline. So just search my mentions.
Sorry dear, long week of holiday/family festivities! I'm going to Bikram Sat. 8AM, let me know if you're interested!
Day 1 0750: Just spent 15 minutes sharpening pencils.
a thank u is good :p haha
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I feel dead. Physically: I smile.
I wonder if Liam Payne uses sporks..bcuz yanno its half spoon..
Oh my goodness I think I'm on caffine overload! I feel like I'm super charged and my mind is in full throttle!
Watching the Leonardo da Vinci special on right now! Super fascinated. We've followed this since studying in Florence! -CK
Tired, awesome fun with the amazing team on
People can temporarily fake it, but In order to get what u want u have to be willing to do what nobody else is willing to do.
josh you dont got friends
Thank you and same to you!
I love the signs on LA highways that tell you how long it takes to get to certain places. Reminds me of waiting in line for a Disney ride
That is just awful. I'm speechless.
How many servings per jug?
Tiger considers following Kevin Na in advertising a namesake element on his shirt,but he cant decide if Argon or Radon is the better hot gas
Next time I see him I'm taking a pic!
Hey Everyone! Some person is posting horrible things about you...
You get my Facebook
Craig Gentry of the #Rangers has successfully stolen every base he's attempted - 14 out of 14 - the best rate in
RIP Joe Fraizer!!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
hahaha I know I need some inspiration in my life...yet you choose to reply to one that is not inspirational?!??
:) RT : #winning! re: But, like veggies, it's good for you! RT : Hill running is not fun
is so what i needed on such a chaotic rainy day. it is a must visit site. simply lovely.
I'm good all day till 6:30 presentation then I'm done with that class
Watching this weird but interesting movie call perfume
I wanna try a placebo experiment on someone
What's up ;o)
I aint even gone lie and say I got hacked, I bet u make noises
Will li'l Timbit be welcomed by his siblings Dunkie and Krisp, I wonder?
ok brofers can we go on a mystery tour
Oh GREAT!!! My tires may be dry rotted......
cheer up champ, your beautiful.
That one text convo from last night >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
: thanks for RTs and follows!
can u been my 300 followers plz I woud really be happy thanks : D
I ship you with Zayn! omg, you guys would be the cutest couple .. :o
Vote today! Polls open until 8pm..Let's demonstrate with high voting numbers just how politically engaged we are in WI!!!!
i hate those moments when my sister tries to tell me about her hw and i really just cant be bothered cos i want to go to bed
says he'll hold 50 community meetings and will have equitable distristibution of infrastructure dollars.
i think you dig our new stuff :)
(1/2) I grew up rooting for Maryland players and Jordan of course. When the bullets moved to DC....
We're all in this together.
#Weeding in the BFs. Some dusty stuff in there.
Today, we raise our voices for all who risk their lives for the idea that no one should be silenced.
The Blue Angels are ripping through the skies this afternoon.
Agree. Sometimes level of HS competition does matter.
Dreams r our fruit of life, its our job to make them alive, once we stop having them we stop living and start dying. Chance your dream
you are only allowed to date nice jewish boys.. so not avi lol
Ok now will the REAL fight ever happen? And we all know what I'm talking about.
Another BSB song?! I need to start shopping at your Ralphs.
#FF Best sources for #WV News on twitter:
Man they really are charging aren't they?
I just printed my boarding pass to a PDF and some strange Southwest logo watermark showed up. Is that supposed to happen?
So many subscribe 2belief English &math can b learned outside meaningful context. Skills not learned in isolation!
hello beautiful followers(: ~ helen :)
Meant to say- theatre games , cobalt 500
up an hour ago- couldnt sleep- thinking of you.
Karen - "I just don't want anyone to get hurt." Rebecca - "Well then let's get out of show business Karen." - Best line
Another kick ass spin class... Waiting for the sauna/steam room to reopen to relax my muscles. Then errands/Car wash. Drinks(later)
Good excuse for a coffee break...
So over living in Seattle. Europe take me back.
Bored in english &loves hoe the teacher leaves us haha free period
happy high five day!
and Surfers are so dope! Hang loose boys!
just realized im in avi.
Twitter's suggestion engine is terrible if it asked me to follow
Enjoy the day!
I like the Oxygen Show: Snapped
I hear that. It's all shiny outside.
I just threw up wow.
Happy Birthday!!!!
The #EnergyEfficient ROOF SOLUTIONS products we use deliver reflectivity that meets or exceeds Cool Roof Rating Council (CRRC®)
Tell us, what song should DC jam to?!
Damn. It was the MCL for me. ACL is fine thankfully. RT : But let's not blow out our ACLs jumping to conclusions
you are salty as hell!
Time to chill :)
digging in to #OpenID & #OAuth on #appengine thanks to
you crack me up. "it's about the site, not me."
There should be a sarcasm emoticon
did they allow open communications? If so, did a lot speak?
What cooler than being cool?
JEEZ!!!!! How many people were there? :o
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend-
you should follow me that way we can direct message all day long and become best friends! :) That way you can do something!
Just another amazing day. RETWEET if you feel the same way. #ColeHart #Atlanta #UrbanFiction #Streetlit .
Jesus saves.
Fuuuuuccck! My mom's boyfriend is a dumb mothafucking beaner man! So is my mom for listening to him. Stupid people in this world.
Survived Fargo blizzard & now safely in Minneapolis.Grabbin a late dinner @ 8th St Grill.Marketing kickd my butt 2day. #beer&burgerplease
Balance the informed intelligence of your thoughts with the practical effectiveness of your actions. Thought without action is not worth mu…
Aw man, I'm working that night. Is there any other time that might work for you?
Jane Lynch looks great -- and launches into lesbian comedy bit.
hey! I'm back on twitter, I donated a photo to your Dad's auction for charity at Harley Davidson :) How are ya?
Wishing you a beautiful day. May this day bring you Joy, Gratitude and Rebirth as we enter the New Year! Much love and blessings!
Man this thunder lakers game feels like its coming on way too late, damn west coast games
I really need some sleep.. If I don't get some sleep people tend to bother me:/
So I thought I would take vacation only to find business picking up. Mo money mo money mo money
For that negative comment I sneezed so hard I felt like I broke my jaw and rib -__-
Yay #OctFC RT : A big welcome to our new team member , another good follow in the celeb/brand space
And I REALLY want an opinion/answer to my question plz
“: have a good time kids” thanks BT, wish you were here with us.
we didn't say ALL cases are bull, just that people use it as an excuse... duh!
Dick Clark dead at 82. Yet he'll continue to do the countdown on New Year's Rockin' Eve. It's in his will. Sorry Seacrest.
MUSES: I think CORNY FAMILIES are adorable u know the kind! Dey give each other prizes&ribbons 4 stupeshit like: "BEST DRESS FOR THE WEEK"!
Get ya shit together, bro.
Should I hoop next year ??
ESPN should take sports nation off the fucking air the hosts are clowns and don't know wtf they are talking about shows a joke
finally saw #TheAvengers. My god, it was an assembly line of awesome!
after watching mratha stewarts show for 5 mins, ive come to the conclusion that we are complete polar opposites.
Is it me, or is automatons really creepy?!
1) buy cheese 2) melt cheese 3) eat cheese
yeah! they can be best friends! awww.
Lol!! RT : This fool wins the award for idiot of the year!!
BIG Dolphin weekend continues TODAY at 1pm when Coach McCord and the Womens Lax team hosts Siena at 1pm in 2012 home opener!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Four Bean Salad 4.62 / 5 Stars | 11 Reviews by Kathleen White "If you are a bean aficionado, you'll love this sa
Friends with Benefits Party is tonight! Live art, performances, DJ, Raffles and drinks. $10 donation www.turkeyandfriends.org for more info!
Finally done studying! Listening to some Justin Bieber before going to bed.
Ratatouille is a fantastic film
RT : RT : An inspirational, heart warming story about a new mothers journey through breast cancer....
cause its funny. and true!!! except for the drug part i stopped!
Send some cool bands my way my pandora needs some more flavah
Morning. Rough getting that energy up today but gotta 2 it. I cannot wait 2 view a lil rome tennis later. Curious about that 105.1 interv.
France is nice to but Prague is the place to go visit lots going on there.
your guesses are all wrong so far so here's one last clue: betudonthavetolooktoofardowntheOPRratingstofigureitout
Stay strong New York! Portland is with you!
how ya doing??
It isn't possible to love & part, you can transmutate love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you, Love is eternal. <U+E022>
Another day another dollar.
just trying to figure out if my sister should do modeling with me?? What do you think look on my timeline please yes or no
wonderful wig!
Who else be laying in bed all comfy, wondering if it's worth it to get up and go pee?
Madonna just sacrificed herself for world peace
I want to sleep in but I have work.
Thank you for the birthday wishes! Excited to spend my birthday tonight amongst my closest friends. See you tonight!
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY i voted... I deserve it
Everyone defends her hair. Nobody defends her idiotic statements.
RT : We're about to start the live U-Stream of my cupcake decorating demo at the event!! Watch live here:...
That's amazing fabric! Did you design it?
I'm always a little ahead
They're awesome. RT : Yay for Easiest way to get rid of old sofas, *and* they'll get it to charity. Worth the $$.
Partly cloudy. High chance of PR! RT : Manhattan Half in less than two weeks! What's your weather prediction?
Congrats LeBron James... Here's your Kia & a trophy!
at least it was your undershirt, underwear might have been a little more uncomfortable
This is the perfect spot for me today to get some blogging done. Hoping to head over soon!
haha that happens to me all the time! XD
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it. -Josephus Daniels
Twitting, watching tv.. at the same damn time... Lol
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy caroline~ hope you had a fab day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
Is anyone else getting a lot of Romocalls? I guess things must be pretty bad in Dallas.
So many more iPads at this year's #podhbcu conference!
God I love archives. #saa10 reaffirms this for me year after year.
I really like the injection of two highly motivated mid-major (hate that phrase) coaches for UofL. Avoid complacency after a huge run.
Social House Tomorrow night!!!! Setup your reservations thru me and you'll get 50% off your bill on Wednesday Night! 7027506103
no Saturday is safe!
Well im leaving for Wisconsin tomorrow morning..... Whos going to miss me? probably no one O: o well
Finished cleaning the bathroom. Now I need to mop :p
Going on a romantical date with
So Vampire Diaries is tommorw #GottaLoveTeamStefan :*
RAN BITCH RAN HE GOIN TO EAT U
dang. My mom lives 1 hr and 20 min. I live with my bf's mom.
Ate..now I'm sleepy again
Tweeted that yesterday! GREAT MINDS =)
why can't you??
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1987 #U2 filmed their video "Where the Streets Have No Name" on a rooftop in #LosAngeles,
I thought Ike desegregated the army?
I am thankful that my brother knows how to cook a delicious turkey!
This Celtic Philly series is freaking good!!
O I bet! I tried learning but I was too nervous. Automatic for this gal ;)
any alcoholic beverages when you saw that #UFO ?!
thank you for your check-in on Foursquare! We hope you enjoyed your time with us in San Diego!
Why when we have our own opening in a few days?
Ohh hells no ! You like him ? You have to go out with him !
Early nominee for "Worst NCAA Tournament TV Driving"award: left last two seconds of a 1pt game to see first half of FSU-StB. Rook.
Faer: "Students caught up in court are 3 times more likely not to graduate"
Pas The Day! “God Is In The House” – Isaiah 6:4 God can shake things up without even moving. What a mighty God we serve! Be Encouraged!
Nay Nay!
I will never speak to you again if you wear one of those!
Thanks for brunching with me. Together we make the best Mexican EVER!
After disturbing the meeting and abandoning my pursuit I did in fact manage to get the top level off and get caffeinated. :)
#youmakeme want to laugh and smile : )
Answer e-mails from junior people before senior ones. Junior people have further to go and tend to remember who slighted them. N. Taleb
This game is going exactly as I thought it would.
G You Tweekin. Them Be Banging.
Boston loves what American Idol brings to itunes lol. Keep it up!! Follow back?
I was drinking on that pinnacle & yeungling beer or some shit like that lol
The first-serve tank finally ran on empty. I say Seppi closes it out. (In other words, there's hope, Isner fans.)
It's Wednesday afternoon. How's your week going?
Ah, my oh my you are the fakest of them all!
Barely any hw tonight!
I'm off to bed. you should email ! He's like the dev team evangelist.
RT The #InternPro chat was lively
Follower number 70, heck yea! I'm moving up in the world :p
is glad is able to make it.
Super excited to connect with you all again :)
It so hard to change ur profile pic on an ipad
Super Session 100+ hands raised when asked who was playing Halo. Second Life: 30 raised hands.
Soo who has a gif boom? I only have like 2 followers...
Great picks :)
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes... That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.
Thanks! I still can't believe I'm in Belgium. It's all so surreal!
Yes. At ramming speed.
Richard Meier & Partners talk about how Aztec pyramid architecture influenced their new Mexico City skyscraper: bit.ly/wZELOq (via )
Don't get me wrong my thoughts if I'm mad can be somewhat illwilled but I got nothing on some of y'all
lol i'm speaking the real! might get a purse or sumn ha
Glad you enjoyed it! RT I'm at a great seminar for #NFC at #DSE2012. Thanks to for informative captivating discussion!
if You Wanna know SomeThing :: Askk Bitchh
Just sent of the first of many, many payments toward my grad school loans. Oh sad day.
Sounds like a friend of mine
These campaigns are so carefully stage-managed; I desperately want one to come down to a convention floor fight
it was totally fun! Can't wait to hang with y'all again soon!
All branches of University Libraries are closed today due to the UNM closure.
Seems like we should be at a #nats game today given this weather!!! :)
Every time I hear the song 'How Will I Know' I think of starting high school. OMG, am I old!
We reached the Climax..
My time at is just Great. The wait staff is great. Very knowledgable.
I was totally digging "Spunderground" last night w/ Bomb Shel. Driving some teenagers around and they were into it too.
it has only been like 10 hours since you told me...still coping.. Sorry..
Skipped an open-bar(!) company Christmas party to sit with the edit. #filmmakersarentallowedsociallives It's starting to feel like a movie!
Getting ready to head to Miller Park. Opening Day is always fun even if you're working it.
I,m lovin my old Ibanez BTB 6 string more+more! the stock pickups and factory 18 volt preamp are SUPER!!...I love this(non-boutique) bass!
yes I like frozen yogurt, but sometimes I got to have my ice cream
why u say that
Keep hope alive... You've got a better chance of GOOG or APPL buying them and getting a stock bump then.
a known entity is someone who has success in museums, with curators, directly with collectors, with critics, etc. So yes.
It definitely is!! I've been doing it for 36 years:-)
Don't you dare listen to her!
Watching Austin & Ally with my sister
i miss someone , someone to take me how
Good morning world..... Finally off work.... That had to be the longest 8hrs of my WHOLE ENTIRE life! Lol
it's all good Thanx for the return following
Hell of a time to teach us now...
Hey thanks for tweeting my article on !
I guess I should start on my presentation for my speech tomorrow.
how u been?
Just saw Philly got eliminated by NJD; I will sleep good tonight
Maybe im in love. Oh well.
probably not within the next half hour... wanna go at like 12? I'll probs be going to Miller after.
Otp watching laugh at my pain
Something scary happening at #140cuse people actually talking to each other IRL #yikes. Thanks Great meeting
Dude! is all over the news. So proud! Keep up the great work.
Who has a good suggestion for a cheap but delicious cocktail for the lake this wknd?
Short version: You're hogging the Internet! Do a crossword or something! Isn't it almost 0400 there?
IN MOTION PERFORMING ARTS CENTER WILL BE :) OPEN :) MONDAY FEBRUARY 20TH FOR ALL CHILDRENS AND ADULT CLASSES!!
I love this! If it's OK, can I post it on my blog?!
SAME HERE! #topofthe4thpage once i get to the top of the 6th page, i'm stopping. i can't do this
Sitting here tryna figure it all out.. Hum.. LOL =)
My dog scratched me.....
makers of sweater vests everywhere will be disappointed.
It<U+FFFD>s great to be great, but it<U+FFFD>s greater to be human
And what should that tell us about the nature and function of public debt? Outrage against those wars? Very little.
Monday morning meeting - at least someone brought donuts!
I bet! Well early congrats and give T a big happy birthday hug for me
Aaron Rovan connects Newsies to Street Arab trope in 19th Century Children's Literature.
get up get down, three steps down, my dj gonna break it down.. :)
Just secured Hamptons on King for Thursday night bar sponsor! The perfect patio for us!!!
Some people don't know what to say out of their mouths and some people can't take what they say out of it.
#Shoutout to Lebron for missing them #Clutch free throws lol
Told by a #cle restaurant mgr that macallan 18 was "market price" at $42. It's $25 in times square. Market, my left foot.
I got nothing to worry about <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RT": Because i care i ended up careless."
I need a drink. And soon I shall have one.
I never thought Gabriel was all that, Washington is badder. ": she ain't messing with Gabriel Union! Nobody is!"
is going IN on AC360!
Dear Obama...if you legalize weed,you would be terrific!
i love you!!!
Nothing like feeling professionally incompetent right before a long weekend.
RT hahaha....amazing. And nicely done. / Sharing is caring.
haha yeah i know...i use it mainly to just follow and stalk celebrities...
NO iM NOT..iM JUST BEiNG HONEST..iTS A WRAP...
Tried at lunch to get on #pinterest. Site crashed twice and stole my name and email each time. THATS what everyone is excited about?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME....
its on a show called river mosters Unhooked
oy. Im slightly speechless on what is going on right now
The panda has been hibernating, but will be coming out soon!
Thanks for the RT!
has a Tom Waits song stuck in his head. Sadly, karaoke places rarely have Tom Waits.
tis a pleasure!
Engagement = Value add that is leveraged w #media buyers 'We have more than an audience, we have an engaged audience'
go with your gut the show is where it's at
love the new fish bar
Tonight... DRINK.EAT.DANCE @ THE ATTIC W/ DJ SWAYZE & ONASILE. NO COVER!
: excitement in Dublin for an all-Irish rugby match this Saturday at Twickenham. Leinster to win???
I just pimped out a trash can with stencils
true, but it's more common for tweeters to ask athletes/celebs for retweets to be satisfied, not even a personalized message lol
Nathan Sykes from The Wanted looks just like Christian Beadles just an older version (: MEGUSTA
Yeah, you walk in they get you to buy one then put you in line. They said nothing but books but he was signing other stuff.
KMA is very proud to continue to be part of your music. Keep it up bro, the record is great!
Can't make it through this game.. Work early . Hawks game tomorrow need to b awkae for :-)
Releasing the first of five videos from The HotBox sessions tonight.
Best album of the year.
Dear teacher, When 90% of us fail, it isnt because we didnt try, its because you're a terrible teacher. Sincerely, your students.
just used the word goody. I was reverting to my 12 year-old self.
Happy Monday, hope everyone had a great St. Patrick's Day weekend. Save 17% off in-store or online with check out code. IRISHLOVE2012
Prayers sent!
Ice Ice baby??? Is this wack song night??.
Miller punch-top can. Nice. No one can devise a solution in search of a problem like a beer company.
Thank you, Scott.
If I'm the father of the graphic novel, I want a paternity test. - Art Spiegelman
God answers our prayers. He reveals things to us, which we can choose to Explore or Ignore!"
*eyes glaze over*
THE EVIL HAS FALLEN!!! This is why you don't celebrate befor the season starts. Heat+Big3=Not so much lol
that's OK. I was a little drunk and ended up watching quite a few walking videos.
I have such a big heart, and so much love to give - yet I have no one to give it to.
Squinting makes the pupil smaller to let in less light. It doesn't damage your vision.
1st real laugh 2day RT makes big push for #BuffettRule: "Some people claim there's a woman to blame. I disagree."
Go follow she follow back,!
haha I'm not..just saying bernys,have a nice night.
40 days have past this year and my home town has had 41 murders somethings wrong with that picture
ok i followed her LOL
Hey hey hey it's Friday, ya knoooowwww...
Any chance he wants to come out of retirement and take over for Weeks?
hey hunni how are you my love
& just leave! Lolol
That's just what Voldo needed to be less freaky: a spider on his crotch.
Good morning!
why don't you actually tweet at her haha. You going to the game tomorrow?
LOL yea u right on that and the south beach comes out on my bday I just know its gonna be pack for those
Finishing pass pages and hoping for rain so I can get the shot I need for the Sparks trailer...
I'm not judging lol **sips hot chocolate**
Ah....I see we do the same thing with different outcomes though.
that would be HELL to the YES
lol you felt left out
I couldn't be more on board. Damn this distance!
Hmm thoughts on if Metta will change things tomorrow...
Next laser tattoo removal session is due soon, it's gonna hurt, I kinda like pain b.c. it take the focus off the emotional hurt.
Yuurr the bestest of the best
how many you need and where R U located?
We'll be there
WAR HORSE.
Get live in-game tweets from the Denver vs. UNC game on
Quit crying about LeBron bc he left your team. That's old news bro. He used to be your fav player but he isn't bc he left.
I am starting the Forehead Foundation to benefit the unfortunate ppl whose forehead takes up more than 50% of their face.
Benjamin, outstanding feature
I like it but I don't buy him only speaking English all the time but apparently understanding Norwegian perfectly.
Give him the title shot NOW WOW!!!
TONIGHT I'M GONNA PUT MY BODY ON YOUR BODY PROMISES NOT TO TELL NOBODY IT'S BOUT TO GO DOWN LOL RT": #NP Beyonce Dance For You"
Feel the same bout u ladies
RT : Many brands and advertisers are clueless on social media-an opportunity for newspapers
Very interesting pick...
Bracing myself for the clearance sale already! Bloomingdale's to close
Bout to face dis blunt;
unprecedented etiquette
Electrically powered maneuverable public transportation with high capacity
no but u should :-)
what was ur experience w/ zotero? Do u recommend it or other app to database refs?
Had the soccer run this morning feels like i haven't slept in days:/
The best way to my heart is via
Yuck just saw gas in Indy for $3.99 a gallon
Have you moved to LA?
No joke...you're doing a fine job in Twitterland, tho. #KeepOn Except Charles Barkley I can't take you serious if you ...
Time out: imagine yourself resting on the wings of your guardian angel.
when do you go back home?
but I have no willpower! lol.
Friday! First week at the new gig almost wrapped up :)
hello this is carmen
Harry Potter and the Order of the Bacon.
Hey, girlfriend! Whatyaknow? Me, school librarian, you, author! So great to reconnect!
awh, I'm sorry boo! I'll be praying for you!! (:
You can find me on Instagram -
Truth. I should try to find it at the depths of a box in storage and sport it again :)
all those fairy tales are full of shit, one more stupid love song, i'll be sick.
Ok. I can't find you. Are you in a teeny little room with like 3 other people? All in jeans? :)
Yes 1 week off for turkey break :D
see my favorite people today
Facebook's search engine is the worst.
Can we help with anything?
I like that prediction Mose
Tryin to stay focussed on this bread.
Thanks for the #FF!
Volunteer Appreciation & Awards Luncheon this weekend! Exciting!
"Don't let him hit me again."Kingfish Levinsky, talking to the ref during the Louis fight.
RT : All day listening to ! #mellow #smooth #jazz #rhythm&blues
Getting full in here, and the BBQ ribs are selling like crazy, you don't want to miss this!!
Or pitino in an italian restaurant! RT : errbooddy know im comming soon like lebrons ring
I totally agree with you. However, as a tutor I am not in charge of how another teacher grades! Doesn't matter what I think!
Following other librarians makes me feel like a shitty librarian.
My pops be callin my moms his baby mama. Lmaooo
ConGRADUATION! to all the graduates of higher learning out there! Join us for a big one tonight at 11pm! Cheers!
#YoMommaSoFat She Sat On A Rainbow And Skittles Popped Out
and theoretically what natural phenom would unnaturally occur next?
Just watched 5 people get on & then immediately off the treadmill next to mine. Either it's broken or...
THAT'S WHAT U CALL A REAL FULL TYME GRIND.....RESPECT.....
let's make it happen <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Birthday lunch with was delicious. Now en route to get paid and get fresh for the paaaaaaarrrrtttyyyy
The Creative Visions Team spent the weekend at the Great American Food Drive's event benefiting the Greater Washington County Food Bank!
Followers...stop throwing LSU's running game in my face. This is the NFL...we throw the ball to win here.
“: Work is beyond boring. I swear I'm falling asleep.” "wake up #37, wake up!" Know that movie?
Ever had too much caffeine and yet not enough?
I better see you on this date. haha havent seen you in forever
word of the day part 2: #EXCELLENCE......We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Happy Valentine's Day! I know today's all about romance, but I'm celebrating all the other things I love. I feel like making a zine....
i think Monta is a good player but he definitely has his faults both him and Martin play little defense
We are a fast growing online magazine looking for women "In the Know" in the Atlanta area- Interested in writing for us-let us know!
My first collection, I was very young, the plastic little toys that came in the cereal boxes
lol I knew that. Someone doesn't know sarcasm...
It's easy to recite a program's record over a conveniently selected amount of seasons.
You two should come drink a Hennepin on my porch
I always gotta pick my fav driver mark Martin
catch me in traffic
I have one. can i get some "Mc lovin"?
Too bad the Red Bull Air Races are on hiatus. They'd be a great fit for Speed Network and HD.
All caribbean enjoying Prestige beer at the party. Thanks to Ralph Abelard sponsoring. They love it!
“: The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.”.
Ugh. I would find that immensely frustrating. Thanks for fighting the good fight.
Thank you, Marcelle. You're a doll to say so (and it's mutual).
Don’t go to a beginning photographer, come to an award winning photographer who will create stunning images of you
They were delicious! This is definitely my go-to summer meal this year.
Weathermen in Ireland may be boring, around here our weather can get too exciting... tornadoes, floods, hail, thunder-snow etc.
Hi Ryan, did you leave a voicemail? I can check on this for you RT : Actually, I called your guys lost and....
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
Just got the #someday!(: BEST SMELLING PERFUME IN THE WORLD!(:
Seriously I need a manicure! Construction workers have nicer fingernails:( Sheesh!!!
Gonna be tweeting from the #filmset tonight. As hours progress we will have some #funnyquotes. Plus a few
Amazing how delicious pastry can be so coercive.
Daughter"a relationship without trust is like a car without Gas. You can stay in it , you just ain't goin no where" Guess she was watching!!
Follow me please!! () Thanks
In a few minutes we'll have details on the ICE agent who shot a fellow officer in California.
the regulator by clutch
Oh, and i'm jobless! Ive just been working on stuff. I really need a job.
i hope my boo is feeling better. 'member, thugs feel no pain :) lol
it's better to open your eye to the truth and utilize the world to your advantage, than to sit there and wait to be taken advantage of...
My first semester at UT-San Antonio comes to an end. I'm looking forward to visiting with everyone this afternoon.
For our brainstorm this morning at 10:30 AM, walks in with Bacon Shakes & Tacos for all to get our creative juices flowing!
before i die i want to do something nice take my hand and i'll take you for a ride <3
Out to lunch for mothers day :)
#wearing green DVF dress, camel chie miharas and carrying new purse.
ok well what rule have I NOT followed?
Why are we still awake ? Good morning responsibility.
I took English 101 last year haha
you live for this, don't you?
Talking with folks in Seattle (during 50th of 1962), it's disappointing folks don't know world's fairs still happen...
Glass of wine in the back garden on this beautiful friday afternoon :)
Gonna be doing some freestyles!! Tracks are almost ready to come out!! XP
Are you on twitter? Get more followers and share your handle with everyone in the comments. Ours is
Snow ball:)
When I do imagines they tend to be quite long! Just so you know and If you ever want one! ~Ashley
"I'm jaded, I hate it" - John Mayer
your profile picture cracks me up haha
Hahaha dats our bbyRT : Justin just cannot stop RTing girl who says that their ovaries are gonna explode... The boy's horny ;)
where is it?
Are you a google+ user? Please invite me!
how are you, Peter Jackson?
missing my family today
I love the standing overhead press with resistance tubing with a 10 second pause at the top of each rep. Delt burn!
Just realized the #1 girl tour aint coming to miami...FML!
Well, My Birthdays Happening This Saturday :D. Anything New With You? (:
Heck Yeah! omg can't handle this wanna punch them all in their face!
gearing up for a global phenomenon
Donald Robert Perry Marquis~ The successful people are the ones that can think up stuff for the rest of the world to keep busy at.
Can't imagine why any reporter would want to receive a press release. Personalize the pitch for the reporter.
People are rough on gym teachers, but let's not forget all the years they spend in college, learning how to yell a last name in a scary way.
What I don't get is that Obama/Biden supporting marriage equality probably doesn't hurt with voters but shore up the left. So why not?
...re last: those of us who ride on it know; cheese is always overlapping on the subway
I finally learned how to pronounce David Wojnarowicz's name correctly ... awesome
Thanks for everything that you gave to me specially on Christmas ;)
My eyes are burning & itchy.
Hm, not sure. But I think there are some non-Hispanic unzombies in later episodes!
leaving for the basketball evaluations. wish me luck! :]
you still owe me a cook out!!!
not yet, but do plan on it!
PRAYERS FOR THE HATCH FAMILY BOOSIE TRIAL STARTS TODAY AT 1PM
well, happy 12th b-day skeeter! y'all have a great day! :)
Enjoy Yourself
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 7 Topiary Escapee now!
Man the Timeline been boring!!! Come on twitters Tweet Tweet sum good Shit!
I love you & I'm always here for you #FriendsFaLyfee!
Collaborating with Bobby Gritz on one of the hottest twerk songs ever made. From the Bama to NY.
plzz follow me i wuv u so much i made a big sign at ur consert if u wanna txt me just tweet me bak i luv u :)
ASIA U SEXY BITCH!!!! :D lol
Only cuz you asked nice. And I hope you post porn.
wow! just moved eight inches of snow off the driveway. Another foot to come tonight...
If love feels like a heart attack , why would chase after it?!
We have to go to mosque after RT : Can't wait to take my Jewish friend to my family's Easter celebration.
Yall ugly lmao bo (throws tomatoes)
“: Touch my food and suffer the consequences.”
Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West, Muse, Skrillex, The Doors ft. Queen (I hope that is allowed)
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
Whitney Houston is dead? Where was her Bodyguard?
Your very welcome! :)
Jesus Christ man
I love all the videos that continues to put out for Electra Heart!
Love is my anti-drug
Are mirrors silver, or the color they're reflecting?
Reading Runner's magazine and benefits of dark chocolate for runners. It's high in antioxidants and reduces high blood pressure :))
Bahaha u wish
Howdy ! Thanks for the shout-out! Lookin' forward to putting our toes in the water & fanny in the sand with ya!
I wana b happy
Just like the Tiger of yore, gunning for the victory at the Masters.
stay safe today!
thanks for letting us all know you just took a poo
#dlfforum DMP Tool session surfaces anecdotal evidence that NSF rejects proposals because of weak data management. It happens!
thank you. lol
i dont fuck w a lot of people nowadays .
First trip to the capitol! Here we go!
Agreed. Thanks Laura!
Reading The Hunger Games. It's one of the most haunting and disturbing books I've ever read. And one of the best reads ever.
You know that one thing I wrote? You're right: it's actually about you.
Ah! I can't believe it!! Omg I freakin love you and always will <3 :)
Workin' today, tomorrow, and Saturday MAC Cosmetics! Come see me ya'll!
Can we get JJ and deshawn back?
thank you twin hope everything gets better :)
I honestly believe that in certain parts of America, people have started to mate with vegetables. -Jeremy Clarkson
And if you pledge $10 or more, you get a copy of their 24hr zine...
Happy Sunday! Thanks for the
Sleeping<U+2665> & yourself? :)
OMG, STOP asking ppl on the show to get her on Twitter! She doesn't want to join! Those constant requests are why Jasika left!
Dear school and boring teachers, give us a break! >:p.
did anyone ever answer this? I have same question.
you were going to too . So tell me . Please fr fr
Good morning! See everyone today @ likemind??
miss you too sisterr. Lets pleasee do somethingg this weekend!?
traci's friend Sarah is back on the team.
kooky kooky lend me ur comb!
Great! Let us know if you need us for anything. Thanks!
RT : Don't look now but the 'Topes are red-hot! With a 4-3 win tonight over Iowa, Isotopes have won three in a row!
what's your plans for the day
Lest we not forget the 11th commandment that says "To race thy horse, it's name must be as if a 5 year old named it".
ohmygosh, no Austin don't cut the curls off lolol they look so good on yew. (;
": ithought they gave it to u already" she did... its a long story lol but I do got it
THIS IS TWEET # 400 i nevr thought that i would even have a twitter let alone LUV IT!!!!!!!!!!
That's great! Who took that?
Finally done with hw!
This new twitter app I got is much better then the one they give you.
Potential risk: now that we can micro-measure so many mkting tools, will we tend to neglect long term less-trackable brand building?
nothing much just watching ESPN...its all about sports
your $ goes to support more great art. thank u for buying !
That awkward moment when your friend is like "Are you thinking what im thinking?" And you haven't the slightest clue.
News 3 at 6 starts soon. We're talking about Peter Konz and the #NFLDraft, and has details on 3 pedestrians hit on Monroe St.
thanks for the favorite :) - who do you have winning?
Much Ado, Guthrie: Next row patrons earn a rare #WTF tweet. Ate, drank thru ENTIRE show. Crinkly snack packs, fizzy drinks. Crunch. Slurp.
Let us know how it works out for you. Much more coming soon, but we want all the feedback we can get :)
In 2013 will the movie "2012" become a comedy?
Haha! Is that the "crowd" in the seats?
Thx Arman for coverage! Glad to have participate. Look 4ward to 2morrow for speaks!
Let that shit burn!
Baguettes are on sale for only $1.00 each today at our Hillsboro Village & Downtown Library locations!
April Fools? right? i mean.......haha
you're awesome :)
If you're on Twitter then find me. leebuckner is the username...what can I say, my creativity really came out when choosing that one!
Summer needs to hurry the fuck up. Sick of school and all the shit that comes along with it.
this is about Obama's personal beliefs,but about his public policy stance, which is still evolving(not the same a flipflopping)
RT : Coming up around 8:10am: Can sleep change your life? And what's the connection to weight loss?+
If you were Sunday Brunch Party last week, then you don't want to miss tomorrow's party!!!
I want sum sushi
someone cuddle me
story of your father on #WDYTYA was awesome!
You're welcome!!
& now we answer the question: can jetlag be held at bay with a quick cycle sprint?
Been sleeping...took to the bed when I got in...
National Future Organ Donor Awareness Week. :)
See that's where you're wrong. The first step is ice cream. Yup. I'm pretty certain it's ice cream. Always.
Yeah, I finally went "Life just can't suck anymore." and now everything is good!
Research, research, and more research. That's what I'll be buried under again today, and that's not a bad thing.
its always a good morning when stops by and hangs out in your office for a little while.
Watching chipwrecked with my stepsister lol
Xcept when it's US civilians' private lives? #PATRIOT : – Openness does not have to equal hyper-transparency.
off from work today...going to Yonkers casino to play a little....hope to win BIG....
Knowledge becomes belief when it is applied in action.Without applying that knowledge, how do we expect to completely trust God?
RT : Happy Pi Day to all my fellow nerdy peeps!
Everywhere i go i'm always hearing your name.
grumble grumble autocorrect!
:D u betterr
That was me.
Happy 21st! We hope you had an unforgettable run!
only business cards. My neighbor does postcards with them an they look good. Maybe try them out with a small project.
I'm completely in a zone. Hilarious. just asked me if I felt it DOWN THE HALL from you. Not a thing. Ha. :)
hoping the va senate has more common sense.
since when is my dad ever nice to our neighbors... wtf...
Having an awesome day everyone... I'm heading off to a business development workshop in Davie, FL, If you're local DM me about it!
no longer passes the Turing Test.
don't forget talking to bearded dragons on Skype
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. - Author Unknown
Dara Torres' body is amazing. She is also a 45 year old mother. I have no excuse.
Loved running into you guys at the store haha
feel u on that one
NW: The Hangover
Jesus' enduring relevance is based on his ability to speak to, to heal & empower the individual human condition: Dallas Willard
of course
So let me get this straight over 1000 of people get cancer over 1000 of people donate over a million dollars to support cancer
Proud to have several groups from the 9th Senatorial District at the Capitol today for Wyoming County Day.
I've got the beats- dm me you email
My barista asked abt my #Teal outfit & got a #NOCCBreaktheSilence bracelet 2 help raise #ovariancancer awareness!
That awkward moment when you say bye to someone like 10 times b'cuz everytime u say bye u start talking again<3(:
my dad is so full of FUCKERY!!!
Hey....Waddup with u
hey we gonna be rollin up lol thats wassup and right though im broke as hell and i need a job lmao
Now I see the credits rollin..the end. This movie can't be over..not yet. There's no happy ending...no one said I love you. :(
This day needs to fly?
dude im looking at a display of a picture of a display of a picture. Whoa
I feel I have been fairly productive but realize I have still a lot to do.
So filling up the Camelback it is!
kinda have2 ;-), flying to europe now and back friday.. If not 2tired imma show up outa nowhere lol
I guess I'm about to go check out Africa in April...
I hope you are making time to watch the FA Cup final during he festivities...hopefully near the beach!
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable & Cream of Asparagus
great night out! Lets us know if the frontieer room changes back :)
Can any one thing affect the eventual outcome of the universe?
why do all the guys mad at you about DT look like the damn Jonas Brothers!!!
I follow back <3
Also, I love the insanity that then continues in the comments section after the BARCS stories. I feel bad for the animals.
what is that point for theatre? Is theatre even mainstream?
No love from the Friess sisters
Thanks for helping spread the word for Cravings on Clark!
Thanks Talha! I'll try my best :)
such an old tweet.. Crazy!!
RT : Check out exclusive behind the scenes photos from the recording of our live "Madness in Manila" DVD/CD at......
2NDSUCKS??...U SUCK!!!.....KNOW SOMETHING?...FUCK YOU! .l. @ bigtimerush IS BETTER!!!!!
haha so A State of Progressive House doesn't work for you? RT : " I love you, please just eat steak!"
Bibby ready to contribute to Heat's 'winning mentality'
I've got canned food, enough Ammo and Armor and transport for an extra large army, need I say more ? LOL
#fridayreads finished Operation Napoleon by Indridason and started Shadow Woman by Ake Edwardson - love Scandinavian thrillers
im following u now (: follow back ? (: <3 u Sonny !!
Looking for a Commercial Talent Agent. Please message me with your recommendations. Thanks!
Headed west Oct 4, landing in Carmel Valley. Don't know if we'll end up in LA, but it's likely. Avocados here we come
Once more w/feeling. The Paul Ryan plan. Romney's campaign. A bra without an underwire. Things that do not support you.
one if the things I love about u, is that u let me wear heels!
keep posting pls
YES you were!! I was like omg! i just couldn't breathe.Whats next justin shirtless?Or..
a great new wave band name = Special Someone and The Pet Heads
Why do some females(not me)say guys can't hit a girl but turn around and demand equality.If you want it,get slapped.Then tlk.Jus saying!!!!
Happy New Year from !
. HUGEKUDOS to for pulling their revenue stream off #LimpBaugh additional kudos for checking THEIR media buy!ThankThem
Happy Library Workers Day to everyone out there in TN libraries! Treat yourself to something special today!
The big weekend is coming up. She has no idea how excited I am
Heading to my aunts to visit/play outside with my niece and nephew:) gonna be a great day! "Knock on Wood" :P
Already looking forward to the weekend with
haha yeah cx just try ! I wanna see this xD
#IRemember meeting forever ago in a chat room. .
#supportlocalmusic Live in a few with random Folk/singers from local and mainstream artists. stop by and listen in.
People forget that tolerence doesn't mean they have to like you. They're still allowed to hate you silently. /via
"Many employers rate leadership activities even more highly than GPA? For more info., check out our Facebook page."
Before you guys think im a freak i want to let you know, We don't know what gender of cat my cat it. It doesnt have any privates...HAHAHA
oh hhaha alright !
2012 PR tip #1. When was the last time you reviewed and updated your website? Do it now.
we love u 2!!!! #Belieber from all around the world
It's pretty outside...pretty hot! Lol
AXIS RADIUS MEMORIAL DAY BLOW OUT! ENOUGH SAID! Hit me up to make the list or for table reservations $100 Bottles @ (602)882-0317
RT : Your closing thoughts in the last 6 minutes of the chat?
Wow Honey is amazing. Beyond the Sea can't get here fast enough.
Yo did he ever put up the solutions for the problems on the tests??
we will! I'm exited I've never been!
I'm glad that others are as excited as me.
Finally putting all the pieces of my life back where they belong! Getting back to a polished, put together, organized, routined person!
exactly lol hypocrites
we are gonna BBQ and watch the derby at the house. I'll txt ya. Sick Mexican grub layout by the wifey, homemade churros too!
Seeing avengers with my brother later
It's time for 50 cent beer now til close. 50 cents buys a pint of premium, Mondays nights
It happens...I am the youngest of 5 and I hate them all :)
downloading now
That worked, thanks~
Got my new glasses today. #thuglife you wouldn't understand
good possibility, u could be on to something
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
One of my authors on Writer's Almanac: Jen Vernon's KETCHIKAN WRESTLING. writersalmanac.publicradio.org/
New peanut free, tree nut free and allergen online store. Please come visit us and let us know your thoughts.
follow back ? (:
Thank You.
In 2008, 35.2 million people changed residences in the U.S. within the past year, the smallest number of residents to move since 1962.
one more class today then off the broadripple
hours away from my special painting deal!
absolutely!!!! “: good win for TU womens basketball tonight #pios”.
I would like to congratulate and for finishing their undergrad classes at WFU today.
AP: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will be greeting President Barack Obama on Wed .in Milwaukee, joining him for company visit
Now Trending in #highered: #dontdoublemyrate. What's your take on the issue?
Samplers at Asheville and green man brewing
Goodday at wrk great day overall back at it again tomorrow AGGA UP
thank god for google.
Bout to write a track
hot dogs
im going to make a tinychat join me
I really wish I could unsubscribe from email alerts from They are starting to get annoying.
Bay Village get in...
You don't know how badly I wanted to shoot myself in the mouth. BAD! Jess & Fadonsha were there!
On my way to the set of The Dark Knight Rises at the Steelers Stadium. Might win a car or a ticket to the premiere, maybe.
: hit the #SaltLick today and thought about your NYC bbq...hope you survived!
i cant wait until it comes out
Per you have an email distribution list? If so put me on it man!!!!
haha I can see that.
Hey!! I can walk there!!! RT Happy hour starts at 3...Brewer game starts at 3....coincidence? I think not!
Haven't been tweeting much, but back in the saddle.
perhaps a bandana instead?
I just taught my most epic bootcamp class for http//synergizerevolution.com
Whats your favorite place in Philadelphia
Watching cedar point videos! Can't wait for prom and post prom this weekend!
We all know is sitting in the front window of Monk's..
Two words that scare the crap out of me: Bikram yoga.
yes and yes...
March is the halfway to Halloween point! The whole month will be dedicated to all things ghoul/strange..Come dressed up! www.onelonetree.org
Thank you.
Friends marathon and history project! Mainly just friends marathon
If I Had A Gun #putas muertas everywhere
Watching Steph Curry warm up. Hopefully he won't get hurt like his last visit!
closest to here is 8 hours.
Ill find that wifey in 2012 better believe!!
you are Twitter's
I tried girl, I just figured you were dead or something!
news. So glad u found Wendy Clark & Love Tapes !
we woke up at the same time :)
Twitter... Ain't that some shit
i saw your sister at the y haha
DD keeps saying things like, if not prince than someone like him, if you're asking if we are looking for a power lefty...
Eric Hazeltine on the tyranny of the urgent over pursuit of the important...now @
So they kind of play off of that word which has that meaning
Toss in another vote for Ahmad "mugging receivers" Carroll
he sounds scrumsish! I like this guy. He's in track and is funny. We're exactly same age to the date. He listens to what i
That looks like an awesome position!
yep yep!
oh man, hopefully you will be early or late! Boy or girl?
just sent in our request for my personal story and mission to stop bullying starting here in Chicago w/ theatre!
so sweet have a great
you dont even know i exist but i still love you soo much <3 :) seeing you strive for ur dreams makes me so happy :)
#windtunnel should replay the infamous Despain rant... one of the greatest moments in TV history
The wealth of options in Evernote is overwhelming, the lack of options in Instapaper is currently frustrating. Will it become liberating?
If the presentation goes well, they'll leave wishing they could hear a little more.
follow me if drose for mvp
no, for reals...I'm sorry. sumtimes i juxx feel like slapping my dad...
just joined Twitter - Let's ¦<U+25AC>¦ ¦ ¯¦¯ him w/some Followers! SHOW HIM THE $$$$$$ (whoops i mean show him some Love!) Thanks.
Instant Nestlé Classico w/milk & Cocoa Coffee Mate!
#HipHopAwards is wanna the best tv shows. kevin hart made it the bomb though.
Um, I have Wildflower Long next week... ;)
school is coming
Awesome! I'll be at the same game, ...only in the nosebleeds.
oh awesome!!! And yeah I think!!!! I HOPE I REALLY REALLY WANT TO GO
Thanks to the for making a great channel for NFL Sundays! Their b!
Making hops for a cake for the dessert table being raffled at the event this weekend, are you going?
Tableting is fun but I want my touch screne!
Are ya'll ready? Im going to do ALOT I mean ALOT of #Imagines!
Hey! I'll be sure to inform you next time I host another exchange. :)
Very true! Visiting is a key component of elder communication.
Election Night Coverage always sounds better when the board op is wearing stretchy pants.
If paul doesn't drive me to practice i'm gonna be pissed
I hate it when the 7th seal gets broken.
if anyone is interested in participating in the next session? Contact Phyllis Messenger
okay whatever
In need of some new hip hop tunes??? Suggestions please
There's a girl dancing behind the band on stage having the absolute time of her life!! Love it! Http://massiverocketradio.com
My daughter is so beautiful!! We going out today, park or mall?
Kevin Costner says "when Whitney Houston sings before God, she'll be good enough." May you share your songs with Angels.
hey there! Thanks for following.
that's cause GW is scared of you
Wow, terrible, dangerous officiating in this #Blackhawks game.
will be headlining "KylePalooza" ! DL the "KylePalooza" app for more information!!!
Happy 21st to my lady!
Hansel, he's so hot right now. Hansel.
is a boss at basketball!
yeah I edited in 7
I just don't give a fucc no more !
Yup but about this reunion tho!
People shouldn't expect HL to softball its UK coverage, but they don't have to give message-board-level insults a pass either.
Just left a meeting at #TheOrpheumTN; incredible women there doing awesome work!
Flyers and penguins series is a lot more boring now that they arent scoring 50 goals and starting scrums after all whistles
and i mean after he whitened Boston history through engravings, i figured all of the city would find him a beloved hero.
Thank God and Jesus for waking me up this morning!:)
Big takeaway from #IDSD: video, video and more video!
what supermodel
I'd completely forgotten about that gift certificate!! I'll come in when is there to say hi and collect.
Pictures: 39 New Caribbean Lizards Found
yep, but the quality financial rewards are what providers were banking on
Me 2! If mom even bumps my leash when she grabs Junior's and I hear the little bell I come flying cuz I think I'm going out.
Thank goodness all the shows are airing finales. I'm having dvr stress.
Thank you, for sharing the Snark!
Guys, let us know if you have any questions. Also, is your right hand man; email him: andrew [at] simplegeo.com
That's fucking creepy with his pedo looking ass “: OMFG MR MARITSEK MESSGAED ME ON FACEBOOK”
The best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence. That way, they never suspect you hung up on them
Gotta block her on twitter, she seems to mess with my mind.
Cant wait!!
Fit Tip: Burn 3,500 Calories more than you consume (over time) & you will have burned a pound of fat!
aww thanks for that & the nice FB post. I was leaving right about when you tweeted
Trying to get my younger boys out the door for school, this mommy has lots to do today.
Omg louis grandma wished me happy birthday on facebook
rapping aint bout the looks
4 hours of sleep... Great way to start the day
And the new GOP Senate Majority Leader is... John Galt!
been slacking on these games smh. #scramblewithfriends #hangingwithfriends #drawsomething clearly I don't have a life lol.
what's good big dawg
Austin is now even further away from me.. There go my chances of ever meeting him.. /:
How do you know when your are in love?..
I saw your brother at the gas station a couple weeks ago .
On the way to teen hoot with .. so excited!!! <U+E328>
Kobe Bryant follow me ;))).
You never notice me :( and your not gonna notice me this time either :( #iloveyouandyoudontrealise :( <3 please follow:(
I'm a total chicken in front of the camera, but is the best. Went from poultry to ham. Actors, filmmakers, etc.
Its win a wacky weasel wednesday
if you find that someone has lied to you, first ask yourself if they did so because you have taught them that they can't be honest with you.
I live in the Pearl so it was actually full of runners, joggers, short fancy looking laydees ordering nonfat soy lattes.
Did Sarah or Michelle say this?
you haven't had anyone bust it open yet for a ride though!
" ...international relations should be fostered, whether they involve language, trade, art, science, competitive play, or religion."
Thank YOU Kimberly! You are awesome!!!
You should report directly to me. If there is something they should know, they'll ask me!!
Spotted: Katniss leaving Thurston, arrows and all
because of your reaction haha
Haymarket Center's Summer Institute was a huge success. Today, Bessel van der Kolk, MD was riveting on the subject of trauma.
HAHA! Oh you know she fancy. I'm going to go ahead and say she's going to pull out all the stops ; )
Lol you must have some pretty violent/adventurous dreams!
4 MORE GO FOLLOW --> <SHE IS SO CLOSE TO HER GOAL!
Just saw Santa driving a silver pick up truck. You'd think it would be red lol
#3 What documents can you show me to prove your claims are true before I give you any money?
Connecting with the ultimate source of love is possible through discovering the hidden power in your heart.
i have some weird ass phaser effect on my hi-hats. is it weird if i throw in a 'get to the choppa!' sample from predator?
Thanks Jeff!
I hate when people tweet me this is how you can get to follow me. He already is. Stop tweeting me that
Looks like the live stream is back up, if you're still having problems let us know
yea sir!
congrats to you both. Kindest, most fun, artsyest, smartest parents in the world!
For people like you there is no such thing as an early grave.You wanted to gut my dreams till I was empty,and show everyone my remains.
Good morning always remember be a leader don't be leaded
Vanity Fair is a great magazine to read on a plane. And ladies have you seen who is on the cover. Met him in Vegas. It was love.
I bet it sucks for you bums to wake & realize your success was all a dream,now try & make it reality
Just started to dabble into writing. Let's see where this will take me! :)
Ooh, that would be PERFECT. I feel like between NC & POTUS's statement, we're entering a rly, rly important stage in US history.
follow me
RT : she was rushed to hospital because of a headache? I should live in a hospital if that's the case
RT : Idea 4today: Adding only ONE mortgage payment a year to your 30 year mortgage will cut ur loan term to 23.6 years.
i can't tell you how much i love that y'all made a chrome web store app after i suggested it. i use it often! :-)
shit man, jus been out in vegas working haha how's the band going dude
contrary to some, I'm really enjoying the current season of Mad Men.
If i ever ran into the last girl that broke my heart, i'm going to tell her "thank you" i never would have found a better girl.
is still up and agree with Craig Ferguson that we're all tired of douche-bags! Yes... can think of two I'm axing from my precious time!
thanks girl!!!!
Thanks to all the who took a stand for our community yesterday!
The right environment is essential to a successful Christian walk. Stay alert to what u let into ur life. Music is a powerful influencer!
First time I've witnessed a sailing race... Looks like a slow invasion
Beef & broccoli and Spongebob : )))))) all smiles over here.
I never have either! I am SO jealous of for going there and meeting the man himself!
Tell us what fuels you & you could win a $100 gas card! Tweet and include #ChevyFuelsPhilly & #sponsor to enter!
There is an indian wedding at the hotel we're staying at. Beautiful saris everywhere!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Floss Holders and most oral care products.
yes! Let's get this party started already!
The SAID Principle – Specific Adaptation to Imposed Demands
I showed my mom this mothers day thing on tumblr, and I thought it was cute, but she slapped me.......
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, Pay The Man! This year you had a couple of extra days to find those special deductions on your...
hope the internship career fair workshop went well! Go terps.
WE have our patio open!
and yet have the second highest pt. total in the league.
I'll be your personal aid.
No, but the "spotlight" I am in... "News" travels FAST! :)
haha, glad u made it. Im on my way to body toning class in a few min myself!
TEXT-Fitch says regulatory guidance on U.S. bank stress testing sound
Uh yeah,you gotta gimme a minute on that one...
i hate recycled jokes.
um duh wife!!!
Instagram is just there for me when there is nothing to do. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
i think that shane should be there because you are just that funny.... there wouldn't be any characters without you. i love you
just started to notice my strings are getting old. it's been 2 months of solid playing for this set- elixir ftw!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and gain access to all the links to tonights games enjoy the games thanks for joining!!
Watching #TheDevilWearsPrada ! One of the best movies ever, tweet me. Xoxo
Two more days until we
Richardson beat out Wiley brown for job
I wonder sometimes..
happy 4ourth of july
oh so excited to see you ladies tomorrow!!!!!
I should be sleep right now!
imma just sit back n let my baby get me 900 tweets or more....
Special Prosecutor #AngelaCorey says that her team has found enough evidence beyond a #reasonabledoubt to charge #Zimmerman with
Q28 we have animals nicknames for all kids- monkey, ladybug and #3 is TBdetermined, lol
La griteria inside Latin American + hangover = <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Today has been going by so slow!
who is the best sister-in-law ever? !!
you had my heart inside your hand... :)
& chase of course ! billy is our #superhero <;
Check out the new update to the app. Now with #Edcamp and #Edcampss information and links. Download it today.
I love Jake <3
no you're the one who blew the #SuperSmackDown main event. Everything you touch turns to garbage.
thank you. Lol
Come party in Miami in celebration of us grads on March 10....you pick the venue because I have no idea which places to choose :)
thanks for the help! This will be my first of many comic-con's I have a feeling!
#ICanAdmit i look forward to tweets
its a song by a day to remember lolol
Looked at the Dallas cowboys new schedule...looks like another 8-8 season:(
so hot!!
Thanks for putting this up and thank you for all the wonderful opportunities you provide for students interested in Asia!
Wow! Some great company you have there!!
*Cupping ’s jaw, dipping my head and pressing a lingering kiss to her lips* Good. *Opening the door* In you go.
surprising thing is their record isn't that bad, just not what people were expecting, ends up lowering them in many's eyes IMO
so amazing! In love
Congratulations to Delta Routine on winjig band of the year at the 88.9 Radio Milwaukee Music Awards! Hard work pays off, boys!
Yay! A new
What the heck is up with Joaquin Phoenix? He needs to go back to acting the singing sucks.
if you read the Bible while listening to the Lord of the Rings soundtrack, you WILL feel like a champion.
that was a good part. I rewatched that several times.
...which is now the job of (producing Speakers' Forum.) Go, Rachel.
won't be the last #digitalhumanities project using Scribe, as I'm working on it for census & parish register DBs.
Does anyone know id the #teenchoiceawards are going to be streaming live from the internet? I have no cable at my cottage =_=
A day without sunshine is like night.
Come by our shop in Glendale and we'll hook it up on the low for #BearcatNation!
Nasty like a grape swisher
Depends on the kind of food. But for casual dining, I like The Porch. : What's your favorite place to eat in Dallas?
That makes us brothers then ... brother. [RT I'm pretty sure "Extremely Loud And Incredibly Close" is about my Mom.]
It's a good year for the Barely Knows. Friends and Acquaintances could use some help though.
At the library then i gotta go to work
The Sponsors we just adore!
- now you just need a picture so people don't think you're tweets are spam!
lol nah not really
this guy yelled at me something major at 12:30. He will make a hilarious appearance in my blog. Check it out later tonight.
Lunch is over...
heck yeah! love the mixes bro.. C-H-I-C-A-G-O
Remember: Crying doesn't make you a weak person, not crying when you want to, does.
Looking for some local #Boston shops to sell my gear in, anyone have any contacts?
Oh Talking Heads station on Pandora, you will get me through this day. (Fa-fa-fa-fa fa-fa fa-fa-fa-fa)
Watching Toy Story 3 again. Something got in my eye in exactly the same spot near the end. What are the odds?
After helping a visiting scholar w/ Zotero, I received an invitation to hang out in Madrid if/when I visited.
why not?
Up to freakin early pickin up dog poop and I'm still drunk from last night haha
I am not MIA. you left me. remember sadness in my heart.
NATO invites Pakistan to summit in Chicago
Good to keep in mind - articles don't need to be fully developed right away. Just need a little text to get a stub started
To easy to understand? Say it isn't so...can't even begin to comprehend!
we leave EP pizza crust!
Let's try that again, curious, what's up to this Tuesday morning in Milwaukee?
You've tweeted over 20 messages a day about Petrino. You seem obsessed. What's the difference?
My pleasure. Good stuff. Thanks for the K+ too.
Goodell has been so excessive on payton with this punishment that he is completely cut off from NFL for a year its personal
Happy Happy Birthday to ! Love & hugs! Miss you!!!
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." ~Henry Ward Beecher
YES I DO, and YES WE ARE!
Hey don't laugh!! I was totally talking serious!! Don't you see my serious face..... -__- ... ha jk :D
Disheartened by how difficult some library systems make applying for not-yet graduated folks. Do I need an equivalency to apply or not?
I'm the hungriest nigga on the block
Had three of my proposals accepted at #AECT!
I always watch it #MIOBI !!!
What a nice sunset. Great to be living in Michigan.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 16
I'd be down to sit by this heat vent all night
Yeah Right !
Thanks Sandra! I really loved the article.
The Giants said they are open to trading Jonathan Sanchez
Must be nice
Yeah, you're so important talking your techie business talk while I'm practically yelling "Excuse me!" behind you. Pfft, Seattle.
Got a long night ahead of me.. Help me!
a spark of inspiration, a much better week
Toyota Center will be sold out and LOUD! RT Home opener tomorrow against old division rival, big game!
only reason you guys will prolly have a better record is u will be healthier at the start of the season if rose/deng were..
thanks - just off the Blue Ridge Parkway near Wintergreen
I love that part of the country. The fishing is a bonus. As is pan-fried walleye.
Apparently died :( i never knew her but..... its just...too sad :(
Huge thunderstorm here in the Bay Area. I love it. I don't love that I'm going to have to drive home in it.
Miss Earth USA Nicole Kelley under fire for calling Philippines dirty and noisy on Facebook. Now trending on twitter!
Osu/Duke tonight!
Today's big question: does Mitt Romney have to answer for the fact that he assaulted a gay student at his prep school in the 60s? And...go!
Whoa Boyle nearly lost his pirate mustache on that one
special shout out We need to talk too.
Hey Lucas shares a birthday with Charlie Parker, Michael Jackson, John McCain
Feel like complete shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
run around day pick up mail grocery shop... big list...def time for a vacation
Lynch: "I challenge everyone to honor him in the way you live your life, every single day of your life and never forget No. 55."
Oh, and I almost killed a girl. No, it's cool, I didn't. I said almost.
I don't know if you caught it. But during the Miami game. Someone flopped and camera cut to Stern. His expression was priceless.
You could take back that you were poking fun, but this is a good start. RT : Regret my tweeted question caused a stir. I...
“: has got to be one of the best producers out there” appreciate it Dazz!!!
same here. I miss my hometown:/
George zimmerman is a murderer and should be in jail for life. Wtf is going on. He killed trayvon martin and now is released from jail??????
Welcome as an official bar reviewer while at #sxsw. She's a rad gal, so say hello.
Impressed by at the #gk12 annual meeting
glad to share. I'm a member of AWD and am sorry I missed it!
Lol He Say He Wasnt On The Phone Wiff Nobody But He Texting Me Off And On Till 1 Some Ahaha
what's that gotta do with lying to you?
I'm tired of feeling like me chasing a dream comes with a curse.
Watching chopped after stuffing my face with turkey not a good idea. What are these people thinking? Would I be a flop? I think not.
Bracket with vs. would be tough to predict.
happy wedding day to our cindy and kyle! blues skies today for a beautiful wedding in the park. bam.
Only a couple of weeks left until our #XFactor #auditions in #Atlanta! Register online at musiccharmer.com for Atl, NYC, LA, Lon, Chi, Aust
Hey Chase---! Happy Birthday--! will Eric still have some BBQ in an hour---? 7:30ish..? (tuned into livefeed!)
#WWE #SurvivorSeries. Let's get it. What's your predictions
Overheard: "There's no crying in advertising!" (re: smartphone company's Mother's Day spot)
Thanks Paul!!
SpongeBob: "Patrick, you're a genius!" Patrick: "Yeah, I get called that a lot." SpongeBob: "What, a genius?" Patrick: "No, Patrick."
Riveting conversation on #veterans at VOA Gen Barry McCaffrey provided sobering statistics of pain for families and vet
Getting too old to pee in these nasty porto potties..
Your future is just a bunch of right nows strung together.
Must have doubled my work out laughing while listening to Matty Ice - don't think i can stomach #RCcola, but you've got my vote
Didn't need to do that n a structure as slow as it was w that # BBs. U live & learn. First bustout n last 30 days I felt was my bad. Next!
I have my own mom for that.
Good morning everyone! Have a great Monday!
haha make that 8 bottles of wine for me. I am so emotionally tied to this team my days are wrecked when/if they lose!
follow back?
Clear2Go bottles w/ filters come in a variety of different colors. Check them out at www.Clear2O.com.
Thanks all my reverb and facebook friends :-) your rock ! HAPPY NEW YEAR
"The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does."
Haha not quite!
Somebody brought a bottle of "mango chili schnapps with caffeine added" into our house. Let me tell you, it works.
They crazy Going on Westbrook shirt,!
When someone you love doesnt feel the same for you as you do them, its a lost cause.
social gaming can also feel overwhelming when you have too many games going. not fun, just another chore.
YAY! My gave us a rferal to one more therapy place near us!
ha! Now I have American Pie stuck in my head.
somebody is going to have to man-up....give it a try for the first week...show the coaches and teammates ur a new man!
I wonder what our combined dues will be? Will it be called Sagtra or Aftag?
Happy New Year :)
The one tells you everything is fine when obviously it is not, is who you should be focusing on. Not who they tell you to hate Sucker.
that much of a diff? Did you see it there?
A classic indeed!
I'm contemplating going to see Vinson but I look like hell right now .
Report backfired on the teacher since most of us preferred the "trash" we chose to the "classic" she did.
#ItsHardTo believe in all my dreams, most think they are impossible. but i will never give up. it will happen, they won't be dreams longer.
I'm so tired of driving. I need a driver so I can drink and take naps during traffic.
haha I appreciate that! I believe that it is very necessary that we kick it whenever we get back to school.
hahahah oh it gets better :) I'm doing the meet & greet
wait what I'm confused! can you see this?!
can you put me down for rockpaper today, im gonna do flappers first then drive over
I just won a free movie night from !
POTUS. Everyone gets a fair shot, a fair chance! I want case studies show what that looks like in real life, FedGov going to plow even field
I actually say AND do that...
come ride with me tomorrow morning! 9 a.m.
I think & need to reunite and have a CHIPOTLE dinner date tonight!!!
He don't rep them nigga either he don't rep the state of Ohio its clear is it not RT : I'm from Akron
that's so true.
PLEASE follow me i just made this twitter :)
not due until 4/17 because the 15th falls on Sunday.
yes scratch that Game still going hard.but the test of that list fell off
Updates appreciated! Need to know when to start drinking the beer & eating food from the frig before it all goes bad.
No i say 5 this round RT : Yeah, so you're gonna sweep your way to the finals?
those beautiful teeth will be able to shine amazingly VERY VERY VERY Soon<U+2665><U+2665> You will be sosososo handsome as always<U+2665>
Support the important work of and their fight against human trafficking. Everyone can make a difference.
"15x15 Initiative" Update via : 11 acquired out of 15 pieces. We're elated !
If I have MS points left over from a more significant purchase and with no immediate use for it, I'll sometimes get avatar gear.
Weight Loss Forums Helpful In The Battle Of The Bulge
Moist Hearted
lol ight i been makin plenty! Who be doing yo mixtape cover?
Watching app demos at #apihackathon London.
Catching up on Idol. Hehe.
I meant ya lips but u know wat it is lol
aw you guys are so cute together!
because I'm a High Plains Drifter too | RIP MCA
So i build a motorbike in my apartment kitchen because i was bored, and it gets labeled as a death trap... haters
Had fun at formal! I love my bestie <33
Thinking about staying on the Texas Coast but not sure where? email me:
Ditto, boo! “: i'm so excited to party at tonight!”
I'm very upset that I didn't think of this.
good good thanks love <3
thank u 4 the update !!
Shelburne Museum will be reopen today. We were fortunate compared to many, many others in our state coping with effects of Irene.
Innovation without purpose is only variety. Via
You're too cheap to drive that.
never thought the zombie genre would make me cry.
If today is your delivery day, why would you call @ 10am to "add on" 4 cases? Yeah ok. I'll just have the truck go grab 4 cases for you. No.
I had the same feeling that I get when Annie calls into the KSR show??
but again when your day is ending mine is beginning!!! Sleep tight!
when the Power Plant was The Fish Market... I hits deep Baltimore Knowledge.
LOVE that you do dinner since I never get a Gypsy lunch. When is the next one?
Last day to get your name in for INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads!
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool why am I HERE!? lol
Still dreaming about the last night's dinner - a Santa Fe inspired Pork & Sweet Potato Stew on Corn Cakes.
#TDUBARIQ Give the people an update in the world of art
we wanna see #KB PERFORM AT #SummerJamz15 #retweet this to y'all followers for me please
I have so many boys at my school who say they hate Justin, but have his hair style. I'm like "lol fuck you."
Cicero~ Force overcome by force.
Ha ha ha, "here, Wego"!
About to eat at a place I haven't had in over 3 years (at least) because I just got the worst craving I've ever had.
Neuro Sonic is one of the best drinks in the world got me one cloud 15...focus and ready for the day...Good luck on the webcast .
Hook me up jazzy
Let's go
Writing my first press release...we will see how this goes! Mad props to the great writers and communicators out there!
I really wish today was over!!
Hey Kosko. Guess what beyotch! I cut my hair two days ago! GET WITH THE TIME WHORE. :P
Does your tweet count consider retweets as a tweet too? Not a quoted one, just a regular one.
Best trainer ever - thanks for pushing me to be stronger!
When I get older ima be making hella rode trips to hella states lbs
I like what Jon Huntsman is doing with his eyebrows.
I'm serious.
Almost? Way too many, they are just annoying now.
maybe you already have, but your other teacher friends just won't tell you because they don't know any better
Kev! Long time, no see, mate. When will I see you in my class again?
Recently had a "server error" and emailed ya'll. :)
Had so much fun today with my daughter!
Saints and Niners bringing it down to the wire!
what did u do
Just realized that my Thursday is scheduled from 9am to 11:50pm with only two half hour breaks of nothing. Sweet life.
“: Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.”
Attempt missed. Marquez (Mexico) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.
I miss you more babe
What's that I hear? RomneyBain crushed a steel company and their pension plan went belly up?? Thanks
Thanks for the heads up. I know the building. I own a condo that I rent out across the street.
Not less so, no. But deliberate obfuscation and misinformation abounds.
is your twitter name The Crazy Chicken in spanish? lol
heading out to Crozet to check out the new, improved Field School venue. Sweet!
repeating what someone blah blah blah... WHAT?!
Jay Z and Major Nutter annoucement on the Art Museum steps today in 20 mins!
yeah but i live in cali its not supposed to be under 60 :( lol
that's wonderful, glad to hear it!
ha nah she don't but it's all good me and her have daught so many times I said screw it I'm tired of this and yah
QT : this dude X just said some eggs and cereal to compare is relationship... LMAO!!(why am I missing this!
Edwin Maysonet will be our cleanup hitter in a month, won't he?
In tha nude !!
Crew owner TPG, as well as rumored interest from LVMH and Jimmy Choo, the man himself
Is tweet about roping but I'm like the only one -_- lol
i really really really really hate going to school -_-
So those aren't interdepartmental programs anymore that double list the courses as archaeology and something else?
I have a question regarding the premiere. it's really important would I ask on here or is there someone I can email?
He is so incredibly nice :)
Just wants to go driving...
I want a glamour profession
Drum roll.......and the winner of the 5 free entries to the Bedlam Mud Run is..........Selena Thomas!!!!!
I like the bartender xD tweet me :D
can you feel it yet Dave?? Crow served ice cold to the doubters..... #cardnation hopefully more To come.... This is AWESOME
just landed at LAX. Yay !
The Spa Bar Tip: Celebrate your event successes and thank all those who contributed.
Don't follow basketball but love 'just Lin Baby'. Great line.
Hahahah Like mother like daughter
I smell spring.
Working on NBIs #neara11 good ole CA has many to present! We'll see how many NBIs we end up with!
thoughts for Disney World trip: my shorts need more pockets or else my man-purse needs more Avengers buttons.
I know that but yeah & okay theen iff you sayy so :)
Thanks! RT : LOVE LOVE LOVE -- dying for a staycation!!!! It's heaven in Austin :)
I changed my number
I'm a taso a totally awesome sweet object why 1.cause I'm awesome 2.cause I'm nice 3.because I I'm a hiding ninja that stands like a lamp
if you are listening to one of my songs and you think it's about you....it is
Why didn't anyone tell me that Build-A-Bear doesn't hire people under eighteen. Teisofndhhdhdjfdjdj crap. Well time to apply for others...
Every morning when i wake up my lips always feels extra big-_-
I like Ike!
#ImAStanBecause we stuck with him through his beef with ja, Royce and pretty much everyone else
Second day of skewl!!!
HEY, I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE
yeee i would love a DM from you<3
Loving the Keanu accent from Point Break you got goin on lol.
A teeny bit of appreciation would have been nice. But the main reason is I just don't have the time this season to do it right
How u know that?
Lock me in! CFA INC is keeping that one! I'll be here for a good min so hopefully I'll get to see you, Zell & the kids.
I would say so!
Enjoying an amazing glass of '09 cab sauv 's Purple right now! #fantastic #washingtonwine ^aef
: scholars want the same level of access and syncing that consumers enjoy on services like amazon prime, dropbox, etc.
Made it from South Philadelphia to the Garden State Parkway in exactly one Lindstrom song
Oh H--L Yes! The bride may be upset at first...but will later thank you!
Still haven't sent in your spring contribution? Send it to for a FREE issue!
Thanks! I'm happy to provide a little humor for you!
I went to like 10-12 this year. Stubhub had regular season tix for dirt cheap. Saw Heat, Thunder, Knicks, and others
I think Elvis said, 'the world is my stage and each must play our part' - did ever think Twitter would be his stage!
I wonder if Cuban is thinking of how to blame Odom for this debacle
Happy Earth Day!
WATCHING YOBITV LIVE!!!
Man I'm amazing
So #Thundercats comes back Fri. Reimagined. Watched a classic ep recently. Ouch. Does NOT hold up. Should I even bother w/ the new one?
3 Egyptians killed in recent Predator strike in North Waziristan
Can't believe how cold it is outside. Wish I could stay home
Rangers up next! RT : Congratulations to our hometown team the on advancing to the conference finals!
Paul Ryan: "we have brought this party from a squishy, hand wringing nothingness..." While endorsing Romney.
Neifi Perez because I am being completely sarcastic.
Ahaha Hee just needs to continue Correcting you . Lmfao You needa stop with that word.
lol hi hater. Jk. Well it's by Oakland. Man lol raiders do not suck. But yea where you at now?
I'm sleepy ! So imma come back to y'all in thee morninng !
Ooooohhhhhhh Yeaahhh, new menu items coming this weekend!!!!
Sonic runs early in the morning <U+2600>
viddy better enjoy the moment, don't think it will last long
All of us can think of a book... that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove t
you two are cracking me up.
Happy Birthday, !
Someone in India is spam calling my number. I hope will resolve the issue and not charge me for it.
congrats to all my wonderful friends graduating today! can't wait to see you guys change the world. love you all!
So who decided that Thursday was going to be National Do Everything Interesting Day? Spread things out a bit next time, won't you?
Love my job... Not loving that I have to shlep in today and deal with holiday travel insanity <U+2614>
CSUnity is tomorrow! There is still time to volunteer and make a difference! GO RAMS!
Thank you for all the love!
Look great. Will it ever be deconstructed or is it to be enshrined?
need proof u actually ordered it tho
Creepy guy in the Aldis parking lot..
Who can love you like me, nobody
Biology is so boring
ahaha no worries (:
yay! I get paid on Friday. Where can I pick up the bag?
cool,at all night its skating -anna
Anybody going to Bumbershoot: Seattle's Music & Arts Festival this weekend? We'll see you there!
Venice beach
I'm in LA for the wknd & am going check out the crazy mega-local news here. KCAL has an 8pm newscast coming up. I hope there's a car chase.
Happy Mother's Day to Moms everywhere! Especially my sweet and wonderful and selfless Mom.
Moralizing and morals are two entirely different things and are always found in entirely different people. -Don Herold
Watching 90210. One of the CMB dudes said, "You must feel like when we met Bon Jovi."
I know!! Super bummed about it. But work is awesome so far!
Simply lovely!!
Anyone who knows me knows, THIS MADE MY DAY! LIFE=COMPLETE! RT I will never 'ditch the radical'-wake up idiot
i dont hang out with anyone.
chubby bunny :) lol
why isn't Ron Paul getting any air time compared to the others?
So I've always found Joe to be sexy, & enjoyed his intellect greatly... But his hot body makes me want him so badly. Damn hot, straight guys
that's whats up bro. so life's good? how's your daughter doing?
Love networking with coaches that have the same vision, beliefs, etc. as me.
it was probably mostly the cheladas
- Every Chance i Get I'm Fina Travel . .
I learned from that making the movie "Titanic" cost more than the actual ship. If only they invested in more lifeboats....
Let's
yes, the label knows. I will let the station know as well!
I've decided to become a zombie so I can get everything done. Bad news: I'm the undead. Good news: I paint while you sleep
Joan reports students confess "cheating" when they use Google to get to GPO and other reliable sources!
James and Dave Franco are attractive-ish :)
soo proud of you. x
I got to agree to that you get the chance to be with blues greats you do it.
Yeah, I was thinking about that. You're probably right. To keep the craft/artisan quality, I'll type from an old computer.
- Great article! True guide for all men...
What is Betty Cooper real name?
After last night had to drink an #energydrink before the game. Ya girl is #hype #60 more minutes
Check out Pastor Troy PERFORMING LIVE @ The Lounge in Tullahoma, TN on December 2!!!
At universal for plain white t's concert and i see someone with an shirt saying hi, i'm awkward ...<3
I LOVE #FootLoose by the way! Another hit by an amazing artist!
Ill never let you freeze without me.
ATTENTION: March 31 will be our LAST SHOW. Arlene's Grocery in NYC. 11:30pm. It's been an amazing 6 years, but it's time to say goodbye
What did the metric alien say ?Take me to your litre !
You got less than 100 followers
Culture eats strategy for breakfast!
Jared's Jokers Show Tomorrow 7:30 Doors with Girls get in FREE before 8
Just got kicked out of ihop
the Fargo show. The Atlanta show was good though! (:
You're welcome! I too am grateful because your piece knocked my socks off. And does phenomenal work. Thank you!
Americans now consume 34 teaspoons of sugar a day and now more of it's children are suffering from type 2 diabetes (was rare)
I am so fucking happy for once :)
Taking my last final today and realized I've only watched two movies this week since I was studying! Now what should I do to celebrate...
can't wait to see #thevoice! just a few more hours.
#shitguyssay What? Sorry, babe. Was watching the game. Did you say something?
RT : Thank you! :) RT : You're trophy
someone tried to break into the office over the weekend ..
You are so welcome.
Can u please follow me? (:
Hi Allison - got your inquiry but no contact info! DM or email - would love to hear more about your project.
nope - use my Canon EOS Rebel hand held....
for real! WiscoPride = no more
Not going to bed yet :) Gonna tweet a bit more
I been good man, how yu been??
Can't wait until I get my baby Rottweiler!!!!!!
#ThinkLikeAMan was hilarious!!!! #InstantClassic I wanna go see it again!!!
Hey I thought Wisconsin was open for Business? Open them Capital doors NOW!
I miss that aspect of volunteering in a library. Since I moved, I talked to the local one abt it, but OT happened at work.
finally watching the game and you are right. The arse look like teens against a bunch or bodybuilders
Hair and Makeup....
I really hate faxing stuff. It's like nails on a chalk board to me. What is this, the 1970s?
LAN is like a parking lot for DTW and the short flight is like shuttle bus.
Only 5 more followers and I hit 100! Follow me please
Each dollar was cut into eight bits worth 12
Picked up my new glasses. I can see so much better now. :D
Q: Who are you rooting for in the Sweet 16? Come get your fan gear at Cottonwood Mall today!
lol why don't you turn up tonight
all Early. Later at night when it cools down.
The day I first met you, you told me, "Never fall in love."
I guarantee it. RT ": That Men's Wearhouse guy is intimidating! Does anyone ever tell him they don't like they way they look?"
Started writing a short play, put in work at Workshop Theater Co, wtnt over lines and even washed dishes. Watch out people!
I dont keep some1 on the side jus to protect my feelings or to be on the safe side:I like showing ppl I can be loyal w/o a ring or title
patiently contemplating
oh, hopefully the tweet noise doesn't bring in stray cats !!!!!!!! Hehe
I dont believe anything I see on the interwebz. Its all about real life. I'm not talking about assets either, I mean the type of peson you r
I took into account that they don't leave Clay that often. I don't count anything destroyed in the house.
Don't forget tomorrow night! I will be Signing Silent Night Zombie Night DVD's at Dark Del in Burbank. :) See you there at 7:00pm
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all mothers, grandmothers and those who nurture and care for others.
I miss you guys so much </3
It is May!!! Getting Married this month!!!!!!! Finally!!!!
that's a great one!! Thanks!
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. - Ralph Nader
#17 has to be retired first RT : Retire
I was hesitant. I feared the rooster might bite me. Lol.
If you plan to phone the #IRS this week, wait a few days. The #IRS reports the Tuesday after President's Day is its busiest day of the year.
Had about enough for 1 day!
haha! It's more fun to see complaints about people who expect technology to be magic.
I've been injected with so much tree/grass/weed pollen this year that I expect my mutant plant powers to manifest ANY DAY NOW.
The start-up pitch I vote for at #ultralight is Up-and-coming start up!
My initial msg was a thought about the state of other teams in the league. Not a dig on any team in particular.
Who is going to be there at the end Monday!!!
alright your pre-dialed
Chillaxin' and getting in the groove to start another short work week. Hurray!
The Salty Caramels will be performing today at 11am for TEDX Columbus at COSI! We are so excited to be a part of this unique event!
thank you for following us!! Check out our music when you get a chance :) <3 Shaun
which water store?
I cant open up my heart without a care.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle Better get to practice!!!!!
REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY AT A CAMPAIGN EVENT
please visit the Tadich Grill on California Street for me!
"Behind every successful child is an adult who believed in him."
"Unlimited Monthly" is now called PREMIUM. Thanks for pointing this out.
Every company has a variety of costs, although there are four types that come up the most: fixed, variable, mixed and step costs.
I am loving leaflet.js. Made a map, dropped on a site and my CSS auto applied the look to the map popups. Now to connect to WMS and done!
check this out!
Once you try for so long, and keep giving someone another chance, you just want to give up.
Wow :-D MT ...3rd great prayer, after Help, and Thanks, is Wow!
We'll be at tonight from 6-8pm with Pinkberry samples! Stop by and see us for a swirly treat and learn more about our catering!!
Nigga I worked for everything I got
Today in summary: absolutely terrifying!!!
Happy Birthday, Bridget!
SADE WAS RESPLENDENT she is a living & breathing evidence that less is more . . . I just keep hitting the replay button on my memory : )
RT : I think I'm fine with protesters swarming K St, as long as they don't #OccupyPotbellys. Leave that to me, protesters.
yes yes we did!
remembering concerts: saw Big Audio Dynamite, Joe Strummer, but never got to see The Clash. saw John Lydon, but never PIL, The Sex Pistols
Spent most of the day planning an addition to the house, which may or may not ever be built. Now back to printing out old scores.
Long Long lines at the Turkey Bowl- Awesome day for High School Football!!
LOL SHABAZZ picks UCLA because of how bad they were!! AWESOME. LOL
When girls wear short shorts or skirts with Ugg boots
RIP DONNA SUMMER!
Come in for a free drink today!!
all good points. sort of see the piece as an interesting attempt to add context -- tho execution def debatable.
it's breezy, but warm!! How's the free trip!!
wonderful look foward to meeting you both! hope we surpass expectations!!!
#GOP says,"Im a good guy": ,explain 2 Amers how ur supportng a BUDGET that Cath Bishops condmn as "IMMORAL" is good!
I'm genuinely sad that Angry Boys is over.
haha oh man...so amazing. Still wish I could've tried that last roast
and I ain't even got started yet.
Alarm is set to go off in 7 hours! Looking forward to the keynote talk on Data Narratives tomorrow
Haven't watched #TheArtist yet. Maybe i should 2c if I fall asleep! lol
Is anyone tweeting about classic car shows in OR/WA/BC?
I finally tore down all of the matching, mass-produced, floral/sequined bullshit in my sister's old room. HELLO, ART, CONTRAST, CHARACTER.
Finally can go to bed
Yo mamma is so fat that when she went sky diving,she covered the sun.
yeah good, where you from?
The Fleetwood Mac clue did it for me.
All this dam change
Checking now....I will get back to you shortly :)
so sorry to have missed you! Gosh darned vacation...
co-op show went well. some interesting talent here at Purchase.
Please follow
Congrats to the 2012 TN Int'l queens:Mrs. TN Int'l - Traci Pangonas, Miss TN Int'l - Chelsea Chandler & Miss Teen TN Int'l - Hannah Housman!
I'll be there sometime this summer! No worries :):)
The only girl in the bar swagginn
Elmer loves ass as well as I.. Lol
Office had me in tears. I'm such a sap
BBJ Parent Company CEO Ray Shaw passed away yesterday. He was a visionary with a heart of gold..I will miss him.
when did u join?
yeaah. He does.
i will be in nyc next week for #blogfest2012. Dinner Tuesday night?
I remember the day and followed me. LOL! that's never happened:(
dude clueless
how much fun Great talent, great voices & great host! Luv being hear for the show!
Ha. No worries. I skipped out on a friend's paper to see Destroyer at ASECS in Vancouver, so I know how it is. :)
Just returned from Sarasota FL where I spoke at two community programs. Both were excellent. Am leaving for Rodeph Shalom in NYC to speak.
The Social Media Intern will manage our Twitter account and Facebook Page and to a lesser extent, monitor Foursquare and Yelp. Its unpaid.
who is they
You can convert your own media (you could also sew your own clothes or change your own oil) but do you have the time?
If you love fashion make sure to stay tuned for live tweet updates from the shoot!
A belated Columbus Day #improvisation 14 minutes 92 seconds with generous rests for reflection on discovery and greed.
So fucking mad. I seriously can't anymore. I'm so done with school:( i'm just so tired of everything!
Is it Villa de Flores? thats what I see on google maps.
Grateful for new fab follows
“: sorry the guy doesn't look as good as you do in a low low V-neck... -_-” #Truth!
fdmf is on the move sellers are out and the buys are rolling in...!
One of the most Amazing & Special Experiences...Watched live taping tonight...All-Star Cast & Guest Stars...
Heck a saturday weekend wise. Made a little trip to Fort Ben and then Triton. Maybe a bonfire tonight. Horrible city living.
What is that?
loving life to da fullest rite now just drop another one in studio ...875 studio on southside
Even better! 20 minutes at your desk should sort you?
Love that movie! Never watch movies too often, never more than once. I've seen it 5 times! Excited for the Bucks tomorrow!
I miss my grandma. I wish she lived closer to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
RIGHT!? SO GOOD Did you see the MV yet?
#Codemma all the way :D
Thanks! Good to be back on the scene :)
I wouldnt be a creeper if you checked your phone -_-
When is the last time you saw Mayweather bleed?
what the fuck you mean by that? lol
Throat hurts! Good day though. Had an awesome time helping with the blood drive! Proud of FFA. Maybe next time I'll donate? :)
Can you invoice one and not the other? Wouldn't that be like a donation unless you let it slide all around?
workin hard for the music, in the throws of finishing album details
Sleep? Or watch the luminous Ralph’s/CVS sign spin on its axis? Ralph’s. CVS. Ralph’s. CVS. Ralph’s. CVS. Ralph’s…
The Chicken Alfredo sounds awesome... and Smores for dessert? Can't beat that
I see erbody talkin bout Netflix got new movies, time to fire up the
There is a difference between jeans and trousers.
Phone bout to die n I have no charger
Thank you : )
thanks! I'm actually in LA, but is making us proud at #TNW2012 :)
Don't have my charger and my phones at 10%
Party Bus just came available for this Friday night. Don't miss out on drastically cut pricing for this last bus available. 405-447-2446
It was great seeing you! You're one of my favorite people yet we rarely meet up. How about lunch on Wednesday 3/14?
Making yummy stuff for ;) her birthday is tomorrow
If youre having a bad day, just slip into your favorite leather dress and go out. Instant, temporary cure. Lol.
Any luck on getting that Carcuzzi made?
When you have nothing to say, say nothing. -John Mason
I wanna kno wat she wants but then I really don't lol oops mom dukes crzy.
My softball team offically sucks well except for me
Hey can I get a computer here at the WB that would let me watch the #MMGPressConference And can you bring back junior seau?
this is the least interesting Apple news conference ever
high as hell off exotic fruit
Lol now people will argue what was more important #AmyWineHouse 's death or the Norway massacre.
It's not the same, but get all up in Wild Flag!
Awe thank you love. You are much to kind. :)
Welcome to our sexroom Trey have ur way <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Wanna get the gears community active give them free stuff
Back in the lab. Take out just arrived! Yumm
Looking for local Oklahoma City artists of all kinds to submit artwork and photoshoots inspired by music.
From triple OT to the ninth inning of a no-hitter. Great night for sports fans!
Sign of a good conference is meeting a fellow Twitter fiend that you have never met in real life.
I did the rural area above Portage(Moundville) for the recall signatures, very different, but fun for me...
Wake up to bullshit let me hurry up and get my shit out this house!
JUST LOVE IT! CAST AMAZING and REALLY love the direction!!!
#Troilus and Cressida is going up on January 13th, running for 6 weeks, until February 19th.
Robert K. Oermann • 8/3/11 Music Row Magazine Review Trust me, you have GOT to listen to “No Beer Here” by Amy Ames. It is a complete hoot.
Negotiating w/terrorists doesn't bother me provided DON'T GIVE IN to their DEMANDS & give everything they WANT! Get NOWHERE if don't talk.
every artist needs a muse...waiting to be inspired takes too long...time to go out in the world and find it! never did like sittg on my arse
well don't feel too bad fellow twitter person hah I'll be back next season! :D
You're the apple to my pie, You're the straw to my berry..The smoke to my high, and you're the one i wanna marry. <3
just saying hi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
HELLO I AM TWEETING YOU ON GRADUATION DAY
I'm following back today. If I missed you, and you're not a spammer, let me know
I knew I wasn't the only one lol!!! RT : I eat fries n ice cream too!!
yo its Robby, thanks for your help today. Well be back out on University at 8!
Lol getting ignored for being "over protective" is so fun </3
lol I'm guilty but that is for family and groups of ppl. Stick with a cutting board!
i kno. but you do too. and i forgot to call you back
Hey Danielle! If you are digging the new band album, you would like and
my bad bro! Take my account of til tomorrow(: lol
I've been sleeping on stones.
Hello winter cold. I don't remember inviting u.
I forgot how much I love bandanas.
“I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.”Betty Davis
varsity my favorite style
Read this today...Apples are more effecient than caffeine for waking you up in the morning....Le Peep Guests disagree!
Science is a lot like sex. Sometimes something useful comes of it, but that's not the reason we're doing it.
Real estate auction.. It's to early!
School , & cheer tomorrow (:
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
My family is out at Easter dinner. I'm sitting in a parking lot because yesterday the kicked me out. I don't hate them.
Some dreams, stay with you forever.
Im here for the memories ill never forget.
#50YB Flacco has a fairy tramp stamp
“: FRIEND: Will visit you in jail. BEST FRIEND: *Blows up the wall.* "Get in the van NOW!"” (;
Thinking I should be more excited for vacation but this is going to be a trip... And it's coming up so fast...
Was that Sheila E.? And why is she drumming from the balcony?
I sware, if we get another crappy weekend of weather I'm going to go flipppin crazy on someone.
i miss you to <3 what have you been up to lately? when are you visiting the bay?
The best and most efficient product available for flood control. Sandless Sandbags. 10 year storage life.Never build another sandbag again
sarcasm right? hahah
yup yup but I don't know what to do tomorrow. S&I maybe Willis maybe. Maybe just go to the lodge and get facey with my niece
srry it seems like i tweet u kinda randomly and u dont even kno me lol so im really srry bout tht!! :/ kay well bye
You also need to check whether weapons actually carry the attributes described, etc
This is going to be one hell of a summer.
I just ordered Jeff Casteel: How to Run the 3-3 Odd Stack Defense (DVD) from Amazon.com #arizonawildcats Go Cats . I smell Roses
Yeah but it was a little different...
Great interview, you and Egyptian protesters are in our thoughts!
happy birthday bro!
I love this stuff . . . Can't wait.
Its almost 10pm, time for Common Law. Suddenly my day doesn't seem so bad. Those eyes could melt the coldest of moods, even mine ;)
anything like you in SF? great idea! cc
Woodson needs to coach this like an elimination game. Have Melo and Stat on the floor. Don't leave bullets in your gun.
wait what happen??
please follow me I LOVE It Will Rain!!!!
Fairness is relative to an individual. There can be no fairness as long as one group of people get to cram their version down our throats
Whoever programs MTV's shows needs to be fired. They're always running behind on time. My DVR misses the last 2 min of the shows I record.
cool! Do they go up to your knee?
Scales don't tip the moment you overeat. Weight gain & lose is a slow process. 3,500 extra cals = 1lb weight gain so keep checks & balances!
ik lol i dont want to go back to school
“: I don't think I could even possibly imagine Justin dying.” omg dont even talk like that. its too painful to even imagine.
DJ'n at Silverado bar til close.
Want to be a reviewer? Let us know...RT : audience reviewers - knowledgable to newcomers, what do you think?
Ripple effect: Will clothing manufacturers make bigger pockets to accomodate tablets?
He's so nice! So sweet of him to come pick up a cheesecake for you! Had you tried those flavors before? HAPPY Belated Birthday!
it says MAHOMIES!!:)
I casually mentioned that I didn't think I should do a talk about MPLP at ABA this summer, coworker was surprised & asked me why.
#follow back
Best wishes to all the nominees tonite Well deserved!
Gatorbait lemonade cherry pie dynamite sticks its Wednesday!
Cant wait till sunday lol goin to mi grandmoms
Black Friday shopping like a boss
You just gotta let go sometimes.
Yooo im bout to die of starvation papi store close manee
what a great day!!!! good surprises on the way how about you?
nothing you?
eds trip in the near future is needed... derek says he will provide
#nowplaying "Zellmar's Delight", Sonny Clark
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~Oprah Winfrey
Sometimes I wake up in my bed & I don't know where I've been.
Brats Brats Brats
Your Welcome!
Today: 15+ scholars presenting their scholarly multimedia developed using Scalar and HyperCities
Hoping you have a great Valentines Day.
HEY. I'm always a cool kid.
Just finished 10 hour Dj set @ English! Driving home I could still see waveforms & started picking the next song to come out of radio songs
Just saw a dude I went to high school with on "Portlandia." Spokane would be ashamed of you,
would some "Biden apologizing" meme tumblrs cheer you up?
Griffith Stadium is a great story--included it in my book. I'd like to hear story of Mary Church Terrell
boobson got that swine flu
do you think there will be more developers following suit? I'm sure they're not the first.
Rip Joe Pa
Marty B. on Reds radio u people who were critical of the Reds 4 bringing UK tonight should be ashamed of yourselves
Okay....ready to go home now...we've been at the mall for 6 hrs
Hm...Alex Smith wants a new agent, and Niners sign Manningham. Maybe Manning next?
black outs!!!!
Digital sign at Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church tells marchers to keep the dream alive, and that it's 72 degrees out.
Thank you Lord for moving today in mighty ways!
Hey Vegas! What's the best staycation in town?
Aw, didn't *bring* any cookies this week. But if he had...he'd need to guard 'em. :)
I don't think it's the beginning of the end in actuality, more of an SOE issue, they've been having some issues
Red Wing will make its third appearance at state. The Wingers' took third place at the 2009 tourney.
this is the second time in two days a website has made me fill out additional info to sign up when using FB connect to register, WTF?
they DO have a Boat...well, i stand by my damn..LOL! thats nice!
oh no! haha! hows manila treating u? again.
Dem boyz got.dat tequilla n loud on deck
GREAT DISCOUNTS THIS WEEK ! FREE LAYAWAY! STOP BY SAT OR SUN CHANCE TO WIN BIG !!BUCKS $$OPEN SAT 8-8PM (SUN BY APPOINTMENT*)HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
Pit bull attack happened early this a-m as victim was picking up her newspaper. Dogs broke through hole in fence.
just letting you know you are one of the reasons I ride motorcycles
(and Tebow's) jocks! Stop trying to minimize Lebron's impact to the game. We all witnessed it. *how soon they forget*...
it wasn't open when we went is it open now
If it sounds like writing, I write it. -Elmore Leonard
Ugh. Double ugh.
Happy Groundhog day from your friends at Byrd Tile. Only 6 more weeks of Winter. Has it even really felt like Winter this year to you?
THANKS SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK!!
go #ChicagoBears! Will be at the game today! :)
Your music is lovely! :-)
LOVE It :D RT When anyone tells me I can't do anything, I'm just not listening any more.- Florence Griffith Joyner
Good morning....Friday the 13th, watch your back!!!
DUDE YES <U+E106>
Chin up! <3
Makeup is like art, you just have to go with the flow.
My life philosophy is simple: I need someone to love, something to wait and do something.
dang why am i so overly emotional
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. -Bill Cosby
great dinner last night in NYC with the one and only, TPE pro, aka Halowax
Im Laying Down Now
What a gr8 game...so exciting!
THNX! Almost at 1,500 followers! Keep going & WIN a FLIP HD Camcorder!
i want to go back to europe :(
Rick Lee and the Night Owls tonight at 9 PM Music, 10 dollar buckets of Lone Star and great Hoy Dogs! Come see us tonight.
RT for good morning mentions
10-game trip, win first four and then lose the next six: immaturity.
Merry Christmas!!!!
The dream of the 1890s is alive in Austin.
RT : Israeli Supreme Court rejects gov't request to delay; requires demolition of Ulpana in Beit El settlement by July 1:...
I HAVE TO STAY ON MY SHIT SO I NEVER LOOK LIKE YOU NIGGAS
I should be doing homework..but instead I'm listening to Pandora..o well
funny, i'm that way when i go vlc or zc. definitely not a happy camper. probably from the bad sleep.
Cars Sale Exercise workout lose weight black friday thanksgiving followback
- Amazing Coach Dale Brown! Ask him about Tops In Louisiana!
thank you very much. There is many locations to photograph around Austin. Many nice subjects.
- you are doing an amazing job of staying away from social media...
thats dope bro
RT : oh no no my friend, the high seas it is for him..and probably train.
Show up for indy media, Albuquerque: 3pm TODAY, City Hall, support Quote-Unquote & their request to review the city's public cable RFP.
where is mike Cameron
In traffic...bumpn jay-z reasonable doubt.....feeln it...
thats so cool.I'm jealous,I love linkin park c:
My pick for #MLB #BeatTheStreak is #cano and #jeter im keeping it loCal with my #Yankees I have a 2 game hitting streak who do u have?
You won't always understand what other people do, but know that change can happen when it begins within you.
Thanks! #FF Ladies Edition! , all sparkly, beautiful, fun ladies & actresses! <3
thanks girl
Calling it quits. Now back to "My Jesus".
That's cool! Love the shaving cream effect.
apple will reveal the iPhone 5
u look great! Good job! :)
what's up
with your
havent been up here in a while wassup!
LAST REMINDER: HEAR meeting 2nite @ Slingers in Livonia. 7:30 pm.. pizza will be served
yay!!! Time is flying!
Look. If Acta kept Pestano in and he gave up the bomb you would said to put in Hagadone...
thanks for the follow! What do you plan to do after graduation?
Thanks...I'm trying to get back into the grove. :-) Want to help make job seeking less painful!
Agreed! I plan to be gone for most of it.
one day it will happen... Mark my words haha
Another brand built to perfection by Joseph & Vanderpool...
I saved you some
nah just ppl fuckin me over again
Kombucha fixes everything.
anyword or news on Lloyd?
Happy #4th of July weekend everyone! Hope everyone has a safe and fun holiday!
In the words of
School really suck
Every morning there's a halo hanging from the corner of my girlfriend's four-post bed.
I got the moves like jagger
That's officially a new word btw, platformize
Polka dot boobies... :D
isn't that how you got the gig in the first place?! ~PK
the world is ending tomorrow... hahahahaha
#EveryManShouldKnowHowTo keep his queen happy & satisfied while keepin all other women at bay, unhappy, & unsatisfied bc they cant have him!
shelby and kenzie
Off to the Harn for Anthony Shelton's 6pm talk on Rehumanizing Babel: Museums and the Re-enchantment of the Arts and Sciences
#British ": I'm not a 'Football' expert, but this game seems bloody exciting suddenly? #Superbowl"
signature for what?
Cutters and Grays combine for 5 homers as Cutters win MABL Championships in Game 5. Score 10-5. Now it's winter.
Hey Coach Dinan!!! See you in Indy!
Have a nice mothers day weekend. ( #mothers #mothersday)
The #Cubs lost but all is not lost, The Goonies is on G4! HEY YOU GUUUUUYSSSS!!!!
RT : Unity housed 452 people living outdoors in less than a year, amazing! #naeh11 #HomewardVA #UnityGNO what can #RVA do?
Don't know what to do? You enjoy your free subs is what you do! Their mistake, not yours.
No problem! I know how tough it is to find a good haircut in this world.
THE SCREENING ROOM: Happy 70th Birthday, Gorgeous! Here&#39;s to Barbra Streisand (Video)
SNHU public safety are miserable people
most likey take my licence for a while.
I really should go to sleep... 7 am meeting tomorrow...
Should have been doing homework. Caught up on The Pacific. Wow.Will have to read deep into the nite...but Wow.
I am looking for an excuse to skip yoga today. Suggestions welcome.
A Preakness hat-preview party held a week before the race. Good idea? Bad idea?
Body pillows can be used while sleeping to help keep mom comfortable.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness
On the bus going to the SIA Snow show expo on-snow demo day@ winter park
GOP shuts down first amendment rights (no signs in galleries) but allows guns in the Capitol.
guys, you're weird lolol i'm the most normal mahone body part ever. seriously :P hahahaha
I wear glasses, too, and 3D movies give me headaches. Hopefully, you'll fare better than me.
Brewing tea, smelling the aroma, & the tasting of the fragrance & smoothness of Pu-er tea is likely to relieve stress & calm the nerves.
I hear that Belichick might need to talk Draft and even #Bruins playoffs tonight on hm
(: Then You'll Get A Perfect Gift Who's Your Favorite MB Member
Yum! Lemon Ice is my favorite summer treat!
"My mustache makes me look like a child molester; therefore, I should be charged with child molestation." -
thinkin of a master plan
is live tweeting timeline to Titanic. 30 mins or so till it marks the sinking time.
The dreary gray weather today was a bummer. Only October and I'm already tired of it. Think I'll move to San Diego before it gets cold!
Still can't decide if it's better for a team to win their conference tournament or fall earlier. Rest vs momentum.
has some really cool music, some of witch made me cry, y'all check him out, really #Music #Shoutout :-D
Got a pizza and 2 beers earlier for about $30. Now I think I could have 2 movies or CDs for the same fucking price.
Great chatting with you as well! I will be in touch (hopefully by later today or Monday)
: In sports terminology it is called getting "chippy."
So I got a job. I know. Just like that.
I'm about to drift off into a food coma
J of Communication calls for submission for spec. issue "Social media and political change," deadline Aug 15
sneak me up with you
great win!!
I want to get a golf clicker for how many times I say "digital archives" today. It had to be at least 100 yesterday
Happy to do it! RT : thanks so much for your (double) keynote addresses!
i love a gurl with confidence
low top 11s
#AlisonBechdel's new book is stunningly beautiful, heartbreakingly poetic, and elegantly psychoanalytic.
no problem and i just sent it <3
could you email the lyrics??? I would love to see what you have!!!
Question. On Bears website you can't get a Sanzenbacher Jersey. A mistake? Or what they think of him?
Today is a brand new day. Forget what happened yesterday and don't waste today.
If I miss it somehow, please be sure to let me know when it's gone online!
belated thanks Stephen! Hope you're enjoying the weeken
Glad to have such #smart #PR colleagues.
Heading to the OM for an job fair. Come visit in the teen lounge!
Happy Birthday ! I remember celebrating at Lake Atitlan, Guatemala
The person who gets the farthest is generally one who is willing to do and dare.The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.~Dale...
tks for the RT, love your location, seat 1 on the plane. :-)
You are going to knock 'em dead!!! We'll be cheering for you girly! #TeamSammy!
would any feel so inclined to write my research paper for mee
$10 all you can drink and the best photography NYC has to offer! HTTP://VANDERBILTREPUBLIC.COM/
Really appreciate the cool shout out. Thanks!
I can do it
we rep Ohio EVERYDAY! #DeezyNation is back!
There will be no working in the weeping willow office today. When I got back from grocery shopping, I was a drowned rat....
I think you meant to say Rick Santorum.
Modeling is a career not an attitude, so being rude and snobbish is not apart of the job. Some of these chicks need a major
Patti Labelle brought it big. Awesome approach to the SSB at the #winterclassic #NHL WOW!
#ThingsThatINeed.... For to shout out and RT.
An epitaph, "I live by the nanosecond and burn the candle at both ends; with a blowtorch." - Michael Hart, cofounder of Project Gutenberg
Just got some sick shots at the Guthrie Theater!!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. -Maureen Dowd
#1514 haha you're just one of the best ;) talked with you a few times :P x Amy #MahomiesHelpMahomies Guys you should follow her! <3
when facing a system that doesn’t lend itself to your needs you must devise ways to change that system. Ella Baker
At for the tomato talk. It's packed!
Hate finding out I've reached the end of my chapstick
miss u kills <U+2661>
We have openings for child care this fall in Aurora, Illinois! New state of the art center! Contact: for more info!
HINT: STREAKERS, Keep you schedule open for tonight!!! 4 CMT TIX on the line so pick your partner wisely
I swear my uncle Dennis is the FUNNIEST dude in the world..love dat dude to death!
today's gratitude is for the fresh papaya that our next door neighbor gave us from his tree. yum! #thankfulfor fruit-sharing neighbors!
anything that teaches awareness to black cars is good awareness.
Heading to Evansville early in the morning for film audition- then on to KY to meet some of my girlfriends family- oh boy!
Imagine flying in from Australia to see Phantom Menace.
open arms reject assuming hands.
Am I wrong to think that even if your interviewing for a babysitting position you should still look nice? I don't think so.....
My hair is orange :'(
There are no strong drinks, just weak men.
I'm only with U because of the baby and its not my baby. UUUUUUUHGGGGGHHHHH
I really want to go to the brad paisley concert <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Pats and Packers are goin' down this weekend!
Come get 15¢ Miller Drafts while you watch Afroman perform another great show
": thanks soldier n same to you.
Mom: What shoes are u bringing to Italy? Me: Sneakers? Mom: Are u telling me you aren't going to wear gladiator sandals in the Colosseum?
Go Gators!!!
No catch just come and relax
It's 4am and all I want is a shamrock shake.
someone take notes! wish I could be in both!
The Understory hit some Goggle Searches today, here are a few links
I'm in foul mood because the possum I ordered last night was totally botched and insolent delivery boy said it was last one.
I think most of the group preferred the tarantulas. Myself () liked both equally!
My whole time line is filled with Jason is Flawless....but I'm not complaining because it's so TRUE!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I own an Web Hosting company. I can work from anywhere. And you? Are you a stay at home dad too?
the 5 panel doe...
Stupid sub - "Im going to give u directions orally" me- "Hopefully not anally!"
lol, not sure you need too much help -- off to a great start. You are very welcome, btw, & thank you's right back! :)
Lifeguarding and doing prom hair and makeup next weekend! Now I have a new job as a pre-algebra tutor! $$$$$$
dear Mad, i love your account!! tweet me more.(:
Sound check and then time to get glam for the show! ;)
Skyrim has this horrible habit of making me forget that life exists.
haha, that's good to hear, i'm still fine.. Lol.
No, Alex I can't hear anything. When he closed off the chatrm..SOunds like he's back...or trying
Happy Valentines Day! Keep Love in your heart!!!
Pats are going to give the Jets a Dirty Sanchez
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Create a series of ongoing videos or stories, so users will be hooked and want to learn more!
what's up mate! You should've been at SXSW drinking lagers and strongbows with the UK bands! U back in town?
Would make my life a lot simplier.
Ouch RT : Royal Street in New Orleans. Walking past a fortune teller with a black eye. Honey, you woulda seen it coming.
haha you know I would!
then my dude reach out to her. What stopping u?
WAKE UP FOOL!!
Dear please come back to Chicago! My dad didnt take me to the concert even though i already bought my tickets! </33
Why am I awake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Sorry folks! Our webhook processor fell behind a bit. It'll be back to real time shortly.
#weirdidea post a photo of your world today! I want to see what your world view looks like
Thanksgiving is coming up next week! We want to know: what are you thankful for this year?
right now anyone can sign up and awareness is key! There's a mtg tmrw night from 630-830 Join us!
Council verdict today on Sugarloaf Wharf extension
okay Rudolph :* “: I have the meanest pimple on my nose”
RT : Dinner party for full-on debauchery! RSVP for dinner ASAP. See u 2nite
Field trip all day with my bros Follow them
drawings are held during the Sugar Bowl
Thank you. I am looking forward to it as a pedagogical experiment, which is a bit sick in itself I suppose. :)
Agreed! Thanks for the comment :).
Looks like no D for me... Thanks Knicks hahaha
Gives hour long intro to rewrite of Pound's In the Station of the Metro.
Tomorrow night: Install my solo show at Tryst (opening Thurs) This Sat: Art bazaar and gallery opening. Today: freelancing at The Current
So unfocused today. May need to take a nap and start this day over.
RT If you are a #ProudMahomie :)
what show are you at?!?!
is my causing with you
What's the last song you listened to?
Have a great day everyone, and take time to enjoy life today.
love how always reminds the final three that they want to see their name written down this time...in case they forget!
I did. On the BBC. MT : My pilot #Mistresses was picked up by ABC for 13 episodes!!!! I'm so excited for you to see it.
You Should Follow Me ;)
I think Friday would work best! Aw, I can't wait to see you!! (:
Watching Football!
well the fluff-slinging at least pays the rent -- it's tough selling talents and abilities that you lack -- esp in a down market :)
Yoy may also purchase any furnishings in any of the finely appointed & decorated designer rooms! There are 40 of them! GlynAllyn is must see
I'm following u as well thanks
Tonite this guy asked me if I was married. I said, "No, why?" He said I was wearing a ring on my left hand. But it is on my middle finger!
but you dont eat the bacon so it goes to waste and gets thrown away, goes to a landfill and grass doesn't grow at landfills
naybe we can meet.
NOT 1 YOUNG AMERICAN VOICE IN THE ROOM @
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate. - Doug Larson
Y u no Skype me bitch
MY DADDY CAN GET A LIMO TOO HEHEHE AND YES IM MARRYING NO MATTER WHAT ANYONE SAYS!
Gabbert out playing Shaub for f**k sake!!!!! KILLING my fantasy... #GoPackGo !!!!
make a status update about being alone and get zero comments
nahh I'm to tired for all of that
RT Live tweeting David Stewart/Jane Ashby talking about an "AMP"d #deved math program.
Was holding a yearbook and it has sharp corners so it cut my head, and it hurts super bad! :/
the page of the band yes , christina and lisa :)
you're no fun :p haha
I wanna see these new jerseys tho..
RT : The right corporate culture can inspire intense passion for the product (think Apple) says at
Well off to work...you have a good morning. Thanks for RT.
you should also thank all the undercovers who listened on the low but won't RT
I need to buy myself a sombrero for tonight !
lol, I'll be 78 when I look like Stallings and you'll look like Grady from Sanford and sons!
That's a gizmo at Gitmo.
i wish i looked like a friendly person. My face always looks like im pissed the fuck off and im gonna brutally kill people once im spoken to
": They will grow up and eat you #conversationkiller " really ? I fucking love her (:
Ill get back to my fans soon! Get me some more followers. Im slacking!
It's nice to be back on twitter again
Cowboys looked pretty good tonight.
another Friday in Georgetown: Rebecca Black on repeat and my boyfriends Haagen and Dazs
just got tn test data back for memphis city schools 56 pcnt of teachers' students are making less progress on tests. Failure?
Great, that makes ME look bad now because everyone around me is a fucking jackass.
You joining us tonight? I really want guac. Right now.
Done. Good luck to her.
The Bside on the vinyl single was Mr. Brownstone. I was shocked + amazed that they could say FUCKER in the song
can you send me your amazing bean salad recipe you made last week?
lovely meeting you at MW! just shared your podcasts with me...love what im hearing :) thanks for sharing!
great memories 4 me in the 90s, but not winning RT : had amazing thought: Metrodome will cease to exist in < 3 yrs
It is way to early to have class
we love you!
Just realized that comes between Nico and Night Ranger in my iPod. That's about right.
Peace from Pittsburgh, hope all is well
Why is it so hard to forget what people have done wrong to you.? :/
Short girls that drive big trucks SUVs etc... So sexy
This is a historic day. The last flight of the Space Shuttle Discovery.
thanks love
not without plaid pants. Ha ha
when are the shows, maybe I can make it up for one!
Well, maybe that's a bit unfair. People seem much more enamored of the military thing.
Ha, not making the trip Hope all is well cc
HEY PEEPS!
Yall Use Twitter To Holla At Bit*hes, I Use Twitter For Strictly Business.
Brady, Rodgers, Brees, Manning, Manning and Big Ben for sure ahead of Romo.
LOL! LOL! and with no shoes to boot!
Got any Journey?
They could just wait & play Nunez more often, rotating DHs until they unload pitcher/salary. Even can wait until during season
Wat time do I have to be at the school for the concert ?
should I start watching game I thrones??? Is it on netflix
#ACMs your incredible and my idol Taylor! Congrats and aloha from Hawaii! :)
#TwilightQuiz @ 6:30 It's Gonna Be Fun, I Just Picked A Prize....The Twilight Books White Edition..For Some Reason I Got 2 when I Order 1
working at castleton square mall >>> anywhere else
i guess Valentine was right last week when he wasn't too optimistic about the season
Body Work by experienced Certified Massage Therapist, Healer at Los Angeles Area.
You're welcome!
What's the best part of being deaf? You can't hear women scream when you rape them.
lol I told y'all to wait Smh
OMG JINX
Follow me xd ! <U+2665>
Received Logic in the mail... Yes... I paid... Ready for a new start composing music.
nice nice were at??? Mom's bday is the 28th too, so she's getting a pandora bracelet and a pair of frees <U+263A>
Working on some tracks epic and def jam wants to meet me soon as my songs are completed can't wait to get these songs rolling .
so, what you do if i cried ?
Thank you for putting together an amazing convention! Love the entire staff of Jump. xoxoxo
UGH.. No wonder ur sub par. Ozzie, please send this guy down since he thinks there is something up above.
you almost made me get one too!!
ok : )thank
Hi everyone! Just stopping by to share something that i learned from a kiddy book today, "Be yourself, it's ok!" I luv it!!!
just watched your wordcamp video. Loved it! Have u tried the WP Deploy plugin yet?
Happy Memorial Day weekend! What are you doing to celebrate?
that's baller status.
": Breaking: Water wet. ;) RT: San francisco is a very strange place." And its weirdness is wonderful.
Thanks so much for spreading the word! :)
Haha, what do you mean? What is the tweet referencing?
If I didn't accept your Facebook friend request, don't expect me to accept you on any other social network.
Juan Rivera with a 2 run home run in the top of the 3rd. Giving the #Dodgers a 3-0 lead over the
Thanks for a great event! Really great bunch of folks you bring together!
no more clay county coffee stout :(
It's beautiful outside!!
We will lobby our federal officials and attempt to get the to get involved as well. Our students need it.
RT : I'm bored, someone text me.
RT This is for you See you tonight! RT Remember to celebrate Arbor Day today by acting real shady.
New audition just in!
sorry we didn't get a chance to hang more. Hopefully VMWorld?
they sold out in like 5 minutes Isabella. The whole tour sold out in like 5 minutes.
we would definitely win.
Today a lady said to me "I want to be you when I grow up!". First thought bitch please! Then I took a self inventory of Tavey Sosa
Go TS! : Good luck! : About to take DSST test in Personal Finance.
People who question another's beauty, have a problem in seeing their own
I laughed over here, too.
One thing I will not miss about Georgetown is the sound of jet engines.
Thursday. day. thank. goodness.
Chiming in w #iaspm tweeters on excellence of Karl Millers's paper. Project critiques historical narrative that C20 listening is passive.
Heyy Brandon :)!! <3 love you , hope your doing well just wanted to let you know that I'm praying for you! Love you Brandon .
"that which we do not love about ourselves shall regress and take its revenge."
I also learned to type on a typewriter I don't think anyone will know what that is in a few years lol
New Packer fan is born Griffin Matthew Shafer!! Pics to come!!
We will be at Twiztid and Kottonmouth Kings at Emerald Theatre tonite. We will have some cool gifts for HEAR fans..look for us!!
I may have put too much cheese on my chili. SIKE! Not possible.
so do you sing or what?
Hmm Great day at the pool today:) Fantastic. Met a cute boy:D
REO SPEEDWAGON, STYX & TED NUGENT is TOMORROW! It is time for my favorite season of the year.....ZOO AMP SEASON!
Back in the office - attended the Virtuoso Travel Mart in Las Vegas. Great places to travel and at good prices these days.
#nms7la benchmark test...if a student has a "b" or "L"...printing & having them go through it :)
Ladies:: how many of u would be ok with ur bf staying out at a hotel room til 5 am?? Just curious
take a pic! Please!!
We'll see you at the matinee today at 2pm!! So excited!
My pleasure! Quite the family ya'll got!
And the inadvertent whistle blows "in anticipation of" a foul when Triche drives. There is your summary of the game in one sentence.
My mom's id got stolen . Fuck that... Now we are out 3 thousand dollars<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
TKC men's basketball game tonight at Pratt Institute!
RT : RT : LIMITED TIME - Book now and save 30% on your stay at Hyatt Regency Denver between Sept. 3rd and Oct 4t ...
My first day of summer has been a blast! Happy Summer to all of my Twitter/Facebook friends!!
we should i dont wanna be a loner lol
Last night a horse asked me if I was planning on driving home. There might've been a cop on top of it.
Saturated fat should be kept to a small percentage of your daily calories, so if you eat too much fat, consume more beer & popcorn.
We really appreciate your follow:) come to our facebook page and check out our music, its free:)
Yayyyy my mom just made my day (: ! She said that shes getting shirts and braclets for me on christmas ((((((((:
Take note:in the red zone that's a staple play for the saints...
Nice! I'll get started on that... and then do 50 pull-ups :)
she cute..
need more peeps like you. DSA is better with the type of energy you bring.
- never seen an ep.
Business Briefs
So nice outside. #no sleeping
Speaking of stupid stuff, when are you guys free?
I DO NOT CARE ABOUT NEXT YEAR
MT mexican reporters under constant threat from drug cartels- withhold bylines, travel w/ bodyguards, keep publishing
thanks for the post! :)
Just saw the #TitosTrolley - so cute!!
Im panama wasted......
Thinks he's in over his head.I have 3 1/2 months to fix a problems 10 years in the making! Anyone know how you eat an elephant?
I can never handle someone who is too sensitive
I didn't get it... What did seals and puppies have to do with anything? <U+E40E>
that's the weekend of my last 20+ miler, so I'm a no go. why on earth is it so late?!
touts White House #artsed report
#askbarbara What might make the shift happen? Could you see it coming from the crop circles proving there's other intelligent life?
Check out that brand new Online radio station Tyte FM ....... This is the bay!
I got my phone but can't do anything cause Comcast Internet is down lmfaaoo .-.
RIP Charlie Louvin.
Oh no! Sounds like a famous last tweet.
I have to wait longer to talk shit?! :\
before the day gets too crazy, I am slowly drinking tea, not coffee!
Speaking of Mercadito, have you tried ? What was your favorite dish?
you can still love him though (; LOL
#np the replacements - i will dare
#FF AMAZING handbags!
All the 'cool' kids were doing it! :D
<3 I'm not lol I don't think ima dress up cause they probably said its next week
please follow she is you biggest fan!48
Yes. Very dark. I'm shocked.
bla bla bla that's all guys say we don't care girls don't want to hear your stupid comments only if it it's not boring we care sometimes!!!
God has blessed me. God Bless everybody eles HM^
ed. reform should put ALL students first, not a select few.
If you're in Alabama check us out
OH OH OH OHH
you can do whatever.
follow back? c:
That and WAC, WCC, and MWC have done just fine in Vegas
Yeah when i said i loved you i fucking meant it
miss you #methcat!
I'm in and paid once i get my money,fingers crossed that both days aren't sold out by the 3rd of May.
Just getting back from an exhilarating assignment in Mexico and revving up for this weekend's coverage of Instructions for Peace. Check out…
Tonight, I look in the mirror and see Trayvon Martin's face...I wonder what face George Zimmerman saw - or if he saw a face at all...
I am unfollowing everyone one my Tl who says free boosie , like for real
I'd say we'd love you forever, but we would either way <3
did Say Somethin make you feel a little better?(:
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Wow so not in a good mood hopefully that will change throughout the day.
congratulations!! Post a pic of the ring please!
I just feel so... Unwanted.
#YouTube Afficial Gorilla Posse
I actually can't wait to hear about sugar on 60 min either
see? Exactly what I said hahaha! See you tomorrow?
Thanks, T.J.! I sent an email today. Looking forward to connecting!
Words cannot describe how messy my room is. I would take a picture to show you but it's too embarrassing
i believe in a thing called love! Just listen to the rhythm of my heart!
ugh Idol threw Jessica under the bus with their song choices; no uptempo songs so people can says she's boring
Pet allergies could be due to food allergies from the food your dog or cat eats.
There will be freshly baked croissants in the apartment each morning this week. To say that I'm excited wouldn't cover half of it.
Thanks for recommending WeSeed! We're here if you have any questions :-)
Yep, I prefer watching the weird looking guys in that video
The Leslie brimmed hat is also on sale...only $30! No coupon necessary!
yay! It'll be awesome sauce! // So fun! <3 you ladies!
Roses are red, my phone is dead. Nobody calls me, forever alone
ML: Another myth: Evangelicals have succeeded in politics because of their unity
Stevekingisms coming fast and loose at the Values Voters Summit. As expected. Will tweet the best...
looks forward to organizing a blood drive in 2012.
First Provost Council-Service this morning in quite a while due to travel (mine and everyone else's!)
I've came to the conclusion that is into milf's.
I knew it! What you on tonight?
we love your stories about #BoyleHeights and the power of youth to enact change!
Happy 5 Years at - and happy amazing LV bag!! xoxo
new favorite number... 59
Oh, I am so sneaky. :) No worries, I work Downtown ... will visit frequently.
This is in the future don't worry. Next Thursday evening event btw. I'm expecting you there.
Looking for Senior Designers and Mid level Animators looking for a European Adventure...
MT : It's not him. It's the same people who've been running that office for 40 years - neocons & bankers.
Tom Felton is in Malibu!!!!! Stalking him
I know I'm made of mistakes, disappointments, and failures, but trust me, there's a part of me worth loving. <U+2665>
when is icon summer camp?
#Jealous, send one to me in Maryland!
Damn , I'm hungry to late to eat
We've been remodeling the bathroom for almost a week. Former narrow tub and cast iron pipes presenting us with "line up" problems.
yeah let them know that you miss him thanks
I'm really digging the look and sound of Tinted Windows. Bun E. Carlos on drums kicks ass!
I have your hoodie all packed up sent you some other #Swagg let us know how you like. Send us some pics
Starting to wonder if anyone can read
"When I'm broken and have no clue where I’m going, I rejoice—because it makes me completely rely on God." -
Slightly disappointed in the styling of some celebrities this year at the MET Gala...I was expecting more
Trust is the single most important factor in both personal and professional relationships.
Ryan Braun MVP speech Page 1- "Sometimes in life, we all deal with challenges we never expected to endure," "We have an opportunity to look
hi ! Your beliefs are vile, and I'm going to block you from following me as soon as I'm sure you've read this, you nut bag!
my dream is to play in warped tour
"He must be a king" "How can you tell?" "He hasn't got shit all over him." - Oh Monty Python... You slay me LoL
You seem so friendly til it's you that has to walk the line.
RT : Do mosquito misters work? Cooling misters do.
yeah I worked too and I work all nights this week except Friday. Mine was alright, how was yours love bug?
I love you so much baby! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2728> you're so lucky I'm not able to screen shot my wallpaper , mwahahahahaha. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
So, he was arrested for not leaving a porch, but he was cooperative? What?
Switching to the #TwilightZone marathon. It's a #NewYear'sEve tradition.
I believe it's magic :-p
Great drive, what a beautiful country! Tonight a gala event at the Church of Scientology in Los Gatos, tomorrow AM radio show with Sleepy J
Two presentations and one press kit to turn in...then I am home for the Dogwood Azalea Festival! Whoo hoo! :)
I miss when all of my family would get together and have a good time
Thank you! I will keep you informed!
I hope you're taking lots of pictures -- I expect an iChat slideshow when you & E get back...
Likewise. Hope you enjoyed the run.
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
If anyone out there is esp pleased/displeased w/their compact digital camera (UNDER $250), please advise. Researching on CNET, B&H, etc.
Welcome to good burger home of the good burger may I take your order ?(;
1992 miles done, but couldn't ride today due to wicked thunderstorm this am. Hope to get in 8 tonight to hit 2000 on the last day of summer.
As Mahatma Gandhi put it, "A 'no' uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a 'yes' merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid t…
Touring clients in need of one of the best views in Austin - looking for a *specific* space? We can find it.
I might have tweeted too soon. Programming is back but listings still say sign off. Either way, thanks for getting back to me.
Huevos!!! I know, but add a "J" and it adds the H...sound foo!
“: If educational costs continue to rise & reimbursement continues to fall, huge future train wreck #solvept”
Ok-then in that case my Tip is to breathe, laugh, and enjoy! :)
Dre said that 10 years ago. We were probably watching TV. re: you cant make a ho a house wife.
haha..I said same thing to myself..enjoy your day!!
Cool!!! So jealous! Where'd you see it?
Fuck TV nigga tell um Watch Me
We were given this life because we were strong enough to live it.
Insane.. Thanks for everything... Love you!.. <3
James harden looks like a smaller Rick Ross!
Girl you only have money cause your mother is a stripper. Smh
Donna Murphy and Christopher Fitzgerald are reportedly in talks to star in INTO THE WOODS this summer at the Delacorte Theater.
please~! I really want to go to the SM concert! I've never been to any of their concerts and I LOVE SM Family! <3 <U+ACE0><U+B9C8><U+C6CC>~
Okay, okay! I know that now...
I wish I was in vacation! Have a great time! Do some push ups! Ha!
Tagaytay tomorrow !! Miss our house... :(
FYI. The LMA Twitterati WILL call you out - just be nice, kids. Don't make me put on my angry eyes.
Now that's a rap to a perfect christmas day 365 days to go guys ;)
Not yet... still on local news
Thank you! And this is from almost a year ago, I haven't uploaded any recent ones
the theatre waiting to see ya'll. Its been way to long. Love the new album.
nope because I wan't to :). The galaxy is a better place without sava the hut!
I'm sorry.
q5) I'm a fan of workers developing materials, but not generally SMEs; SMEs try to pack in too much, workers focus on need.
hey! sorry, went camping at Sat + missed this. Working on an album! Bathing in music. Whats the latest 4 u?
Win Santos Laguna
You're the weak one, and you'll never know love, or friendship; and I feel sorry for you.
Pet Peeves... 1) Using.periods.like.this! 2) Overusing exclamation points!!! 3) When promoters say "Don't forget to... (buy my shit)"
= a mirror
That's your city. Aren't you proud? :)
Republicans and speculators only care about profit not people
Time for pictures w/ the Mayor MT : gets mentioned #smbmad discussion. That's Mr. Mayor 2 you.
Hahahaha now watching.. ;))
just trying to find a silver lining from the #Rangers loss tonight
after all the planning, thinking, writing. i'm just jittery! let's do this See you in a wink...
are conversation stays in the DM please and thank you lol
CBS SEP 12 2011. AS OF JULY 20 2011 IM AVAILABLE ALL OVER THE WORLD TO PERFORM. TO BOOK ME OR OUR HIP HOP ARTIST.
HEYY DID U CHECK UR INBOX ON FACEBOOK
omg yes.. what was it again ? oh yeah CACKAAA
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 26
What animal always goes to bed with its shoes on ? A horse !
TMZ reporting suicide.
Matthew Sherman (Saint Louis U) has written a fine dissertation on the history of US & presidential protection
Thanks to everyone who stopped by the booth at - looking forward to following up soon!
Thank you for the retweet
Like that! What I also want is to draw my finger rapidly across screen and see subsequent pages in quick succession.
ha nice, crazy its already been a year
Trouble is part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you enough chance to love you enough.
It should be a fun, hard class, covering Peronism, Arbenz, Mexico in the 50s, Cuba, 1960s and 70s revolution, and commodification.
San Diego! Get to tonight and Thursday night! Summertime in SD!
Tomorrow I am going to do something for NJA. She always does things for others so I am going reward her with something special....
Damn right <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>RT : some girls' thirst for attention is out of control.
Clark Kellogg used 'bamboozled' in the telecast tonight...must be March Madness.
lmaooooo kinda yea
#IADMIT I care about you more than you will ever know... but it will never be enough to stay.
Yal know I'm not supposed to have a twitter acount
Only cause people bring it out tho
hanks for following
Make sure you check out the Ebony Embers tribute to the Harlem Renaissance if you are in the #Lousiville, #Kentucky area!...
Spent the day cruisin on my skateboard and listenin to the Beasties. The impact they had on me and countless others is immense.
New shirt launch in 7 days on the relaunch of BA thursdays! Hope your ready.....
Follow my friend he needs followers
Played with UnderGround Horns Yesterday and had madd fun.
Thanks! & I'm quite sure that we've all done this. Case in point that librarians are all undeniably badass.
No one sent me a number? Hold the fuck up <U+270B>
well, has your accountant sent him an invoice? , I'm looking at you.
I have a lie detector edged in my brain
:thank you all for your mentions!
Hey I believe you just got Blacked Out in Dallas on Time Warner Cable!!!!
let's be real
this new #Ubuntu (12.04) is really slick! awesome job & thnx for the good os!
minor network snafus earlier today; working on additional robustness now
#ThingsIReallyCantStand stuck up rich people.
Lips, hips, hair drips down her back. Crazy. Body frame. Crazy. Only girl that can make time then make me. Stop.
Finally caught up with Dexter.. nice to make time for television once in a while!
is love that :) lol down?
no this can't be fucking happening!!!!! damn it cody please wake up..... please
why what happen and why are you sad
I don't care if the politician on SATC liked golden showers. he's hot.
Just got the Flipboard app for my iPad. Love it!
I'll bet when overnights come in, ABC will wish they had done the 14th season cast announcement of #DWTS during the #OSCARS to keep people..
and it is one of my many FAV. PHOTOGS... how are you buddy?
Rest in peace Ritche...February 3, 1959 the day the music died
what r u thinking? what r u feeling?
I am on board with that. Or some type of shocking device.
Salad and two hard boiled eggs. My stomach is still growling.. That's what happens when you work out right before you eat.
Kick ass new tunes in the works! Hear them Oct 29 @ Wild Tymes
Anyone that "fans" my band, For Love of Ivy, on facebook will get a free download! Just send me your email address!
Wish my Dell Studio wouldn't keep having this power problem. Why do they sell you lemons?
What serious person read Enquirer, any way! They are nothing more than bunch of low sensation-looking blood-suckers!
talking re World Bank's experience on Twitter overcoming government speak and red tape to build something meaningful
that's correct. You are the greatest twitterer of all time.
I saw them she showed me lol
Kicking off in Wausau today!
Thanks, Brian!
Finally got that switch big spin down.
lol I love you!
not up to me up to my dad
no i was talking about the media hate. lol.
The certifications indicate that the product was made/grown in a sustainable way.
Tell them you're pregnant. >.<
Packing is no fun.
RT Congrats to tapped as exclusive food and beverage provider for the TundraTailgateZone @ Lambeau Field--TY!
Thanks for the follow, lets get it.
Here's to the Mahomies who named their pets 'Angel' or 'Romo' because of Austin.
Peyton Manning to decide next week per - Brady Quinn to visit the Chiefs per - the #Broncos are mixing it up.
flying to Denver today for the weekend!!
My middle finger won't stop waving at people.
Apple's Coming Map App Will "Blow Your Head Off" (John Paczkowski/AllThingsD)
I wish I didn't have a disease that made me tired all the time so I could actually stay awake.
life my boy. You?
is the star of Happy Feet 2
What stickers would you want to see us make?
Well that was weird. A bloke sends a few DM's and then unfollows me. # Arrivedeci ;) x
yo m going to my bed
can we talk this week
This Monday 5/14 at the Vibe Lounge in Rockville Center w A Faylene Sky, Sirens and Sailors and more! who's coming out??
61.87% on the test, C+ final, Semester B
2night 5:30 - 7:30pm Megan Larmer Co-Pres. will B serving soup, w/a lot of heart, check it out!
Rainy day, workin from home! So I washed all my sheets annd pillow covers so I could take an day nap and spell that yummy detergent smell ha
my goal in life is to make you proud!
Ladies and gentleman, if you see a suspicious package, do not keep it to yourself. I'm waiting on a box from Sears.
The word "Mass" means death and was coined originally by the Roman Catholic Church.
- Just heard a killer song by on XPN2... loved it! Sounded like early Replacements.
“: This is what I'll do I'm gonna finish it today and I'll put it out a clean and a nasty version how about that?”<<<<<THIS
polka dots..
why yes I do... jenny hansson vithayathil
Thx for the follow! Looking forward to tweeting w u
“: It's a great day to be a Trojan, Fight On! #onemoreyear”. Congrats Matt!!
Kinda nervous for tomorrow when I get my new timetable, betcha I'm in classes with all the new 5th years. And not the 5th years I like
Wayne, you are extra spicy tonight! And I love it.
im just chilling
#StirOSU Breakfast is on!
#unitedairlines #fail 3rd call to get miles refunded (for upgrades I didn't get) and there is a 35 minute wait AGAIN - I used to love United
Im gonna be on the plane to Dallas the day after the last day of school. Im too ready
I'm glad #finley signed with the #packers. Not only is he a good player - I just like his name. "jermichaelfinley"
Oh, six-pack abs-guy at end of show: Emily 's not missing out on anything. You're an arrogant jerk.
Who is the last person you want to see come out of a Escalade with tinted windows?
Arrooooooo! you iz cute (wiggles brows)
RT RT this if you’d like to save 20 minutes per load of laundry with our ultra fast #LGTurboWash technology
spammers taking over twitter, wtf
is planning ANOTHER live chat for THIS weekend <U+E336><U+E337> thats awesome! So excited i love her so much <U+E057>
upside is the Celfics played AWFUL on the road and still almost won
That's what we like to hear :)
Mason and James from the X show LIVE now here! Stop by then come back for the Local Xposure Finals tonight
dude my 25yr old aunt is in love with you. She thinks you are the finest guy ever.
auditioned for a Nescafe commercial.
HARRY'S SUPER HIGH NOTE IN GBY. DEAD.
Yea, i opened a credit card with a terrible rate just so i could get bonus miles and a free trip to jamaica. hopefully. see you there NYE
"I'm feeling a lotta heat coming up off that couch man!"- DMX in BELLY
boring weekend... imma have that, "but theres always room for improvementt!" *teachers voice*
so tired of microsoft products stalling on me that I am going to look for alternatives. Sorry Bill.
If Rudy Gay plays like the 2nd best player on the floor only behind CP3, which he's capable of, the #Grizzlies are going to win this series.
one of my favorite tracks of all time bro. Good pick
Could I become a psychic? How do you gain experience/credibility? Predict friends' futures, wait a few years, e if things pan out?
Thanks so much for your support of WA Legislature twitter petition. Thrilled to report- mission accomplished. Bills passed
Ice Cube just stole my table.
Happy Presidents' Day!!! Have the day off? Stop by for lunch. We are opened until 6 pm today. (410) 276-6787
School is out! What are your plans for Winter break?
wheres the like button?
I think I'll definitely go with the integrated seat -- I had no idea they existed. Thanks!
(covered by Javier Colon... even better... in my biased opinion!) Check it out though! ;)
Knope can now close the library!
Happy New Year's Eve, Peeps!!
Sweet! Looks like a cool project.
Happy birth day :) 16! :D
thanks man i appreciate it
Win! RT : Tip: On iOS5/the iPhone 4S, you can use the volume button on your headphone cord as a remote camera shutter!
I do! I love red hair a lot, I wish I could pull it off :)
you're super hot, fire hot like the sun in the sky (;
Hi Simon. Thanks for the follow. How are you?
Thank you Have a GREAT weekend
Ravens pick Miami WR Streeter in 6th round
tommorow is friday i been waitin for you since monday baby lol
thanks guys!
Falling in and out of love with you..</3
Merry Christmas everyone!!
TONIGHT STARFUKCER SATURDAY gonna be an amazing night we hope to see you there
What a perfect snowy day to settle in with a book! I chose "Sofia's Dream" illustrated by & published by
Concussion Crisis
this is amazing , write more(::
Thank you! Happy Thursday!
Just as long as we grow together.
while i appreciatee the military i really would rather be in front of all these guys in line at immigration:(
RT: Cross something off your own bucket list , have on your show to dance and to showcase their amazing new book
STOP SOPA and PIPA Tell Congress HANDS OFF OUR INTERNET!
I don't think anyone can understand my love for Selena (not Gomez,the original)more than my friend Nikki. Biddy biddy bambaaaaaa
I just took a college exam. Palms sweating & shaky with exhaustion. Obviously, I'll do anything for a book, but this was prof's idea...
It's so sad 2know tht #MWT has ended :((I'll miss how tweeted about EVERYTHING I know he'll have more time for us now but ...
About eat
Movies With Nina Tonight >>>>>>
&#39;Avengers&#39; set to rescue Disney - and Hollywood
yeah, so whats up
Little Saxy tiger
Thanks Ben! I appreciate your support! :)
Damon Just answered my question!!.<3
For this Saturday's Olympic Qualifying semifinals, El Salvador will play Honduras at 5 p.m., and Mexico will play Canada at 8 p.m. at
Thanks. There are some interesting stories today.
is on campus for a Stritch Blood Drive until 3 p.m. today. Want to donate blood? Head over to the Fieldhouse/Gym
hahaha #creighton how do you lose like that?!?
thank you :) God bless you to bro
Had to sneak out. Sorry we missed each other!
OK first and last word on #Ravens schedule...
I just wanna lay down by the pool...
Gone to Cabo for the winter!!!! See you on Cinco de Mayo!!
I hate wind more than anything
math is tough. Been many years since used this crap
You'll never learn to become Old and Wise if you were never young and crazy!
Creepin' on at Lifetime. Awkward..
Buffy marathon! Drool.
You're still thinking about ice cream?
haha and didn't like it x
Running a stock market simulation in class today. Who will make a fortune; who will lose it all?
excellent. I know a bunch of that crew, good group! congrats.
#WBWednesday "A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships." - Helen Keller
that's coo I'm a huge mma fan I probably have more knowledge of the sport than anyone! Who's your favorite fighter?
I also love Roger Sterling.
Coming home :)) I'm staaaaarrrrvvviiinnnggg LOL:)
right I hurts?
Hope everyone had a safe and fun night last night - Downtown Austin is a blast on St Patrick's Day and SXSW!
I think sex is better than logic but I can't prove it.
Goodmorning loves not looking forward to this Sol
actually your wrong you can say "praise be to allah" or "all praise is due to allah" so uh...yahh
Social web ib panel was fantastic.
I'm not comin back to the US. I can't leave London.
The good news is when I am done with these last four rounds of chemo I will be DONE with treatments.............. the end is in sight
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections. Saint Francis de Sales
DURANT ! That is all I have to say!
I appreciate that you cover stories with depth and clarity.
360 spin? You won't be confused for a math genius. Try 180. 360 is facing same direction he started.
Just seen Amber Rose on Wendy and loved her!!
More than I can say!
It was great meeting you this week! Hope you have a safe trip back to Martin and best of luck with the internship!
Gwyneth + Goop have nothing on you!
congratulations to Maine Community Health Options for winning a huge CMS grant set up a non-profit CO-OP in ME!
Looking up there's always skies, rest your head I'll take you high and we won't fade into darkness..
Finally a skate session! It has been weeks since I got back on the shred sled!
I cannot sleep when its this hot in my room. It's like 357532478874335788433.25 degrees.
GO PACERS
So are we! RT : excited for premiere of my brand-spanking new "Now or Never" on 9/27 at !
if that doesnt work scrub hard with soap and water then let it dry and just like pick it off
We are currently mesmerized by the Asian kid in the front row who has been emotionless and unimpressed all night.
Hurry up and get those orders in! Campaign 19 must be in noon tomorrow, but I will be at school so I have to put it in tonight! I will wait!
Now that I un-protected my twitter, all those lovely porn bots can follow me. Thanks guys!!
I cant get Michel Telo's song "Ai se eu te pego" out of my head. Its so catchy!
I think I'm sitting next to jared the subway guy.
What's higher than number one... ?
Come on people, start following (:
Game tonight at home vs South Carolina. We kick off at 7 pm, we need all the support we can get !
follow for followw? :)
Man chooses which part of the bible he believes in all the time. Should you be allowed multiple wives, do we stone people, etc.
Happy birthday to Muhammad "the greatest ever" Ali. Float like a butterfly and sting like a bee for another fifty years champ!!
World Cup Soccer Thursday: (7am - Greece/Nigeria) (11:30am - France/Mexico) (6:30pm - Argentina/South Korea)
it was a pretty unlucky situation turned lucky hahaha
Absolutely, cool logo but where can we get your music?
Just left the eye doctor I look like I'm straight rolling face hahah
Kate Upton is the Motto
My latest intention is to live a visually interesting life.
Baseball and runnin'
The lovely to celebrate her birthday at Saturday the 7th! , looking forward to...
Its a beautiful day in San Diego...& I'm stuck inside this restaurant working.
Las Vegans get a life. Obama didn't create unemployment here. Let's ask our local officials what are they doing for Nevada.
My sympathies on your loss-- his life sounds remarkable.
henrik = best goalie on this planet!!!!
my hair doesnt even get curly , it gets wavy :/
At least he was honest tho...lotta niggas stay flaugin like they blowin strong...and it be pure bullshit!!
Thanks for the Retweet! Hope to see you there.
The #nytimes ran some great obits today. Too bad about the date. Lady from the Cornelia St cafe must have been lovely!
ohh cause im ordering my phone tomorrow .. is that individual ?
I will be at Terrace 390 celebrating a good friends bday. Come join us tonight! :-)
Thanks for Found LA tweets!
#Republicans chose a man who decried "Reagan-Bush" over #Gingrich or #Santorum. What a ringing endorsement of the conservative movement.
"If someone was heads up in the shoot out 2nd table and tweeted they did a 15% save does that qualify them to be dq'ed"
We love it!
the fave to win Cup rarely does. Wings have been "locks" to win Cup, as Pens r this year, & have fallen flat. I know the pain
Louis C.K. might be the funniest man in America
yes! That's why, he's so sweet :)
Awesome how about your.....But sad of Premier League Soccer yeasterday:(
Good night yep been up for almost 24 hours just 3more hours to go but to bf im going to sleep :) peace out <3 One Direction
just did a little unscheduled maintenance on the OMC grinder to keep flowing. OMC w/out caffeine * Monday = CouldGetUgly
How bad did KC over pay Winston?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 54 to 59. Light winds.
Totally! He threatened libel in the comments section of my blog, ha!
Chokeholds are not fun...
shooting baccarat winners w/
I could never work in HR.
oh gee thanks!
I bet tomorrow's going to be an awesome day though ;)
I can't believe the table moved, Cray!
katy perry is awesome!!
LOVE your pics! And congrats on your news! :)
happy happy birthday to you!
No matter how fast you run Michael Myers will some how walk faster
give pappa Steve a hug for me
love it!!
Sad to see ABC 7's GM Emily Barr leave - she understands military families, and being a Navy wife during her tenure, I can't tx her enough.
Morning!! -_- Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
welcome to the wild world of tweetdom! Glad that the twitter box inspired you...
GREAT NEWS!! All filing fees have been sent to the IRS woo hooo we is a LEGAL 501C3 NON-PROFIT www.pledge4patriots.com WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE
Two great days of earn your turn skiing! The legs are feeling it so today will be filled with chairlift rides;-)
We've tweeted it a hundred times dude.
RT : Media Coverage in a Fragmented Media Age - Join us May 25 to hear from our local media experts! ow.ly/4VN8u
your still a twat..
Leaving for Atlanta in week and my hubby already telling me how much he'll miss me...tickles my ears. :D
Occupy corporations on Twitter by trolling.
I've been distant from a lot of people the past week or so, I don't know why..
Today marks the 73rd anniv. of Kristallnacht. CANDLES docent Walter Sommers was in Hamburg that night and witnessed the destruction.
You bet. cheers
Great win tonight Mavs
Today's been a really long day...
I'll look into late next week James.
So this is what my brain feels like with 8 hours of sleep. Day four of complete and total relaxation.
And off to the theater with our capes and gloves!!!
#daleearnhardtjrjr nice sound on #Conan. First time for me.
Thanks! Love the show.
Ugh, I do NOT miss that!
So ready for the Super Bowl so I can watch the giants win already
Hope you're doing well at Ball State my man! -Jared
Good morning world. Off to work
Twitter, the highest rated Soap Opera of the 21st Century.
Major Consumer Brands and Companies are experiencing a "social synapse" when Considering the "Voice of the Employee!"
Birds are chirping in NYC!
Another awful week out of Colston, kid's got T.O. hands. That's not a good thing.
Is this really going to help the LGBT community? It's been known for years anyway...
is it lame that this is actually my favorite class or
i love doctor stalker song espiecally when im getting changed to go out and its blasting, iloveyouuu!!!!!
days like this i just wanna stay in bed!!
follow NOW
I had a moment of creativity...
Just a few spots remain for our Career Fair on 5/16 in #ROC. We can help you fill your open positions!
Thanks Knox! - Joe
At Olivee Garden :D
lol the two days
I love you too :)
im young(:
Looks like the Austin opening of GOD BLESS AMERICA has bumped to May 25th. It airs tonight on HDNet Movies as a "sneak preview"!
I actually think that works best- peer to peer interactions RT : Let them hang out. They will learn anyway.
when I was little I was planning on stealing Prince Eric from Ariel. Until they had a child together. <U+E403>
He is so good.
hahaa no we have tomorrow to copy it!
no problem! Keep up the hard work in Paris, can't wait to see you back in the league!
Should probably lay off the Patsy Cline during this season without my man.
they 24 hours after my last final which is friday. But I can talk them about staying as long as I need.
I just may be celebrating Easter Sunday exactly the way I dreamed....singing live <3 Amazing Grace <3
Zilla Man killing the mic right now...
Please Post. Please support homelessdogmusic launch Jan 2012
I think Michigan State gots this ( :
Hey, babe- I'm at www.theredcanarychicago.com tomorrow until 11:30 so once again I will miss you there. Keep me posted&xo
what happened :(
I cringe on the outside and tell them to knock that nonsense off. :)
Thanks for the suggestions!
is it y our job to push them out the proverbial closet or be in denial of their sexuality?
My tiny Huddles treat is killing me! Death by frozen yogurt (or the gummy bears & animal crackers are battling)!!
If you want to tell me you love me but text it like "Ily" Don't get mad When I text back like "k" There IS a differnt meaning... JS
Calvin Johnson Field at Detroit Megatron Stadium
Americans generally don't fit in Serie A just because the style is so different. Fast and direct vs. slow and technical.
: sidebar...why/how have u sent 90,000+ tweets?! How?! Lol
Sometimes I really like taking cold showers
"Lincoln’s hallmarks are design, technology and comfort" Mark Fields, President Ford Americas
They just corrected it.
hell yeah
. Thank you! We couldn't do the work we do without the support of our very generous members.
3 career 5-hit games is pretty legit too.
RT : #fact I used to call Brosius "Ferocious Brosius"
at rehearsal at asu picking my butt! Come over here and let's drink!
Time to get this workout rollin with AC-G³
It really does. World Sbk should be awesome this year! Who is your early pick this year?
Coincidentally enough, that was also the last known sighting of 's big boy pants.
Tomorrow starts off an incredible month for me and Interactive. I hope you have a great one too!
Top of the afternoon twitterville!
you have no game
it's going to be epic! Are you attending?
pimping out my myspace now looking hott
WE HAVE 3 WINNERS !!! Thanks every one for my first contest
FOREVER ALONE *trollface*
those pictures from Australia....
#FollowFriday Corpus Christi Peeps!
Craving chocolate? Come get one of our Chocolate Easter Bunnies!
My iPhone is now pink
ohh yeah! Tommy!!
ok ima french kiss it lmaoo!!
you will do NO such thing
lol i would too
Today's new cities on #YouTown: City of Edmonton (AB), City of Gulfport (FL), City of Lynn (MA), City of Maricopa (AZ)
shoulders stiff...now I have to do something about it. Uggh. Turning in.
"We are getting data obese."
Physical Post. I think Dre will be great next year with all this experience already.
Sad. Yeah, I don't even wanna think about food right now.
Got $10? Head to and drink unlimited taps tonight! WOO HOO!
I just love that "fail whale" well maybe just the term :-)
LEAP is only available to U.S. patrons because Bookshare's arrangement with publishers only applies to U.S. copyright laws.
Spring Break was GREAT! How about yours? (: <3
|#quotes The future you see is the future you get.
I got a date with the cheese/tapas buffet later on tonight. Who's with me? Starts at 430! I'll be there from 630-??
Miami! Tomorrow night & & myself are recording a DVD be apart of the live audience, msg me for tix!
It was great meeting Scott, Steve, and everyone else! It was awesome working with you guys!
im so glad alli and cody are home.
It was a fabulous time! RT representin' at #WERCNRC! Great time catching up with in line back to the A!
How Apple's stores turned into a retail juggernaut
This evening, 6-7 pm, Pilates at Chatham Village's Clubhouse, in Mt. Washington.
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity,Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW
It's not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. - Seneca
I am wondering if that opens to the door to patent say a robusto sizing? I wonder if it is just this size of chisel or all?
makes me feel like I should get back into marathon form again like the "old" days.
Thanks Colleen!
Is there any tips u can give me to make it to the college level for bball? i want to get there and make my mom proud.
doing what I can to help others reach their full potential, which includes sometimes just getting out of the way
IF U WANNA B IN ENTERTAINMENT and GET PAID P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS u will work hard but u will not regret it
Wow it looks like its gnna rain:))
Enjoying my Friday night with Mom Adams! When nothing else could help, love lifted me!
RT : tonight! lisa ridgely & the fainting room will appear on 's local/live radio show at 8 p.m.!
Danny Espinosa, ADDICTED TO GLOVE!! Nice scoop to help out Gio..
I'm just trying to live life to the fullest and #FollowMyDreams til the day I day. Shout out to all my peoples here in #Detroit doin it big.
Hello World. I'm back. But not for long.
Listening to creator of Khan academy talk. So cool!
&#9754; Protect your rights
I just heard the OMG Girlz new song & it really dont sound like them ....
9th what grade are you in
Word is Chris Hardwick may be looking at a guest set tonight and tomorrow at Helium!
Cant believe I'm saying this,but I'm actually kinda excited for school today (:
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. - Buddha
#HowHotIsYourGrandma ... Post it up
Reading 1st G of T book on your indirect suggestion. Can't wait to see the show
im gonna play fruit ninja with myself(; #LOL im a iphone
Brian Sorby/EMC likens storage market today as dinosaurs vs. mamals. sooner or later mamals win because of adaptability ...
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one - John Lennon
Damn this new track is a banger!
RT #chs + needs an experienced lead line chef, full time. Great restaurant + owners.
I had that last summer! Awesome poster.
listening to all day long has made my day infinitely better.
Omg the stress!!
Ugh! Connecticut, why are you so wide?!
HAHAHA follows all members of I fuckin' LOVE that bear.
Tumbled marble gives a European appearance and works well with a range of bathroom materials.
Mad Men and Hunger Games this week? The fanatic in me can't handle it.
Bout to be I the treadmill and only eating salad
Needed a nap and took one. Today is good. : )
can't go wrong with the flank steak!
Attending my first NGS this week! Arriving in Charleston tomorrow afternoon. Looking forward to seeing others there!
i keept my emotions bottled up thats why i can snap so easily !
En route to Fun to be going there while Korean present is in town!
I'm crying
It's time for a James Van Der Beek cameo on Mad Men me thinks.
I thru my hands up in the air sometimes saying ayohhh, im a weirdooooohh
Got my ISRC codes, and BDS info in the email this morning.. BOOM! Album coming SOON!
Too much to do today....so I think I'll be ridiculously perverse and take a nap.
"finders keepers" Bitch Shut The f*** Up And Give Me My Shyt Bck.! Haha
If you're at the Annual Rural Health Conference today, be sure to stop by booth 304 and say hi to our CommunityWorks team!
We have a new server ready - vpn-co34 OpenVPN (SSL) server in London, UK
I can put in a 5 hour shift at the library and still look like a huge pussy compared to
Chill time in prospect park w my old buddy Wes. Love watching the little league games.
So sad for many reasons 1 He was young & talented 2 The world needs artists 3 My students LOVE that song & now we'll assoc. it w/ violence
Woot! MT : Bring Your Own Code day at was a success! Lots of happy researchers ready to compute on Lonestar.
Three more days til I'm Mrs. Smith..#fistpump lol Good Morning Twit Fam!
is going to be god tonight! is performing tonight ;)
Portofino Restaurant In Bermuda With My Pal Guillermo From Guatemala!
When a women is in her ninth month of pregnancy she has 18
Waiting to see Eleanor Friedberger at Black Cat
Nothing like spending time with the family & their mobile devices, eh?
I need something to eat
Thx to the Chamber for today's debate and Ballantyne/Warren for tonight's. Happy 2 be THE voice supporting the Marriage Amend.
Hey Eddie. Thanks for the listen and post. So glad you liked it!!!
Italian ambulance w/ lights & sirens sped by To Rome With Love set; slammed on its brakes, backed up; crew got out and took pics w/ actors.
Why is Friday so far away from Monday, but Monday so close to Friday?
Many thanks, albeit belated, for the Airplane Novel comments. ~ Paul
Iphone it is! Thanks #Tweeps for all the help. You guys are the best :)
I remember seeing that 2 years ago when it first went around and we were in Austria. hilarious...
why is it tht at the hgh schl level, the morning announcements are 90% sports related and no academic success stories? Culture?
Need more sleep!!!!
On my way to the game lets go 49ers!!!
Gonna be an athletic trainer next year!! Yayy.<3 ((:
Saturday Nite's Smoking Sessions is supposed to be HOT this week too....Looking forward to it all...Come chill n smoke w us....
no, did it close?
I disagree on Charlie, I enjoyed it for what it was.
Well Damn but y u stop Fuckin wit me Doe !?!?
My twin still owes me potato wedges !
ur welcome kisses...do u have a oovoo or skype?
Rehearsing for the Nov 30th Bad Bad Baby Shower with the Bad Bad Supergroup. ;)
lunch hour and my co-worker just left for her lunch. why am i alone the busiest time of day? we need a floater.
I might come soon and when we go to London this summer.
I was just thinking that....haha
Our story with a 2014 #Butler target, Sean Sellers ( ) as he talks this season and recruiting.
I appreciate that. Have some fajitas for me too, please. And a Negra Modelo.
Junior's death confirmed a suicide. Waiting to see if family will give permission to study his brain.
#OpeningDay! Who's ready for some baseball?
If you have time this weekend, be sure to visit City Sandwich and order the Pavia.
Swisher Sweet!
well I'm not looking for a big trade.
Wow I go shower and get my shit ready for work and its 10-3 holy crap
lol still love you
GGS to everyone on peaceful jays stream in umvc3.
Ask hundred friends what slut means and they'll tell you it isn't good. Your stance is pathetic.
There are so many students rocking our hair flowers today at Xavier University for #Earth week! THIS CAMPUS is #BLOOMING :D
Live, love, laugh and pass it on! Joy grows when shared!
Hapy Mother's Day as well to my wifey The mother of my child & the love of my life. I love u baby
RT Never a better ending to fake Twitter account than There are only 150 Tweets. Start at bottom & go up.
Game on? Seat open? Is everyone stuck and tilting?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 14
": God is basic Fact. He must not be thought of as a featureless generality. He is the most concrete thing there is."
Just watched ur performance on The Voice (:
Congratulations, Emily! Excited to have you as part of the program!
It's your call. <3
What we just talked about is not what I call "working it out" :-\
Saturday sunshine
thanks for the RT!
Swaggy With Daya LETS GET IT TRENDING GUYS!
Wait, Billy Bragg licensed his music to flippin' "Love and Other Drugs?" :(
Yo I'm so sore, it's not even funny!
Just finished my Spanish final! Now, I have two study halls
There is no store, but we will have some drums at an Austin drum shop soon! I'll have an update on the site when this happens
Real Estate Investing Techniques-Use time wisely, stick to reachable goals, strategize & be a people person!
BOO. It's Kiara again lolol
Thanks to whose contribution pushed us over 200 policies in the online database
All I want is for everyone to be Happy & Healthy, Peace on Earth, & Joy to the World. But as usual, I'll have to settle for Egg Nog.
hey cuzzo. All is good on my end. Ok, let me know. I have a photo gig Sunday & leave for Chicago on Monday. Gotta pack
An hour and twenty minutes left of this suffering
lol 2 days ago on tv with J. Hud!!! Beating!! I heard u!! Lol
its not my falut i can hear you and Capi!
" Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength." -Frances de Sales
Don't miss Flannagan's annual reading of Molly at Symphony Space's Bloomsday celebration. It's avail online. Yes.~D
Andrew from MWW Designs >>>
I lived in NYC for 3.5 years & never received mail from , as soon as I move back to SF, I end up on their mailing list.
at hershey park?
Much Obliged!
iSmile Only Becuss I'm Hiding The Pain Within <3
you would.
I like how her apology is on the K-State coloring sheet. Just saw that Eric Stonestreet wants to get in touch with her parents.
I'm just trying to be a decent person.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I'm so hungry...! When Is the period over??
Haha he said Chris Griffin
I randomly met 2 dudes with engineering doctorates that work in airline safety. Cell phones aren't dangerous on flights
Smoke something!! Only kush not that other shit!! Lol
Just did. Now what? ;)
Robot hearts!!!
I wanna go to a party
Undernutrition in the womb may increase the risk of disease such as diabetes in adult life.
It's a different between Hood and Evil.
Sitting in the MOC for the Atlas V launch; looks like any other battlestaff...just missing the CNN on the screens! T minus roughly an hour
Reading #netsmart Excellent! Thank you!
What was CJ Watson doing????
thank you so much for following us! :) <3 <U+E328>
Damn shit pops off in class
UAGGGHHHHSDFJSKLF I think I might cry.
trying to layoff on the tacos. Lol.
I was just thinking about that...
How's boxing match?
RT if u love and they r ur life BIG TIME RUSH and if eveywhere u go u see a rusher plz follow
Study Focuses On Mentally Challenged Accused Of Crimes « CBS ...
I don't know what it is, but something about your face makes me wanna plant one in your suck hole.
i want sum chicken !
is there an official statement from DOJ re: recall petitions?
Ah shucks Thanks! How U B?
I think I have a talent for being able to tell which white people would've owned slaves two hundred years ago.
RT : #2 = Adapt to your boss. "4 Surprising Strategies that Get You Promoted" #leadership (New)
Learned a new word for bannanagrams: zaftig which means plump
that's sick man! What band was that with?
Happy Friday the 13th. Make it your lucky day.
has best job in world! Uses technology to improve health of people... with IOM et al Data Initiative Project #TEDMED. Maximize!
ur welcome. thank u
CBS gave away a Denver game at the height of Tebow-mania? Someone's going to get his butt kicked there!
If Mariano Rivera is retiring, I'm requesting a James Hetfield & Metallica live performance from the bullpen in the home finale.
Water keeps you hydrated and helps to curb your appetite until you get something healthy to eat.
Hunan's sesame beef!
yes I do!! Haha
I absolutely love video "Heart Attack", perfect concept, combo with was on point !!! Hotness !!!!
Sometimes i just want to fall asleep & never wake up.
thank you :)
" You've been quoted in my #Storify story "Tweet This SIG!" " No messin' around at Skidmore!
I guess i will cook me something to eat and fix me a good drink.
you bought your tickets? Let me know when you're here, I'd love to catch up!
People STILL be sending those shits!?
believes I'm influencial in Prison.. thanks?
Triple H holding a real belt behind Mayweather. Why Beiber?
Austin bound!
I always have that exact same problem! so upsetting :(
Thats why Kendrick Lamar is so cold, he can rap his ass off and his flow and delivery are on point
That was the most random tonight ever. have a nice Tuesday everyone
If #yahoo patents were critical to #socialnetworking why isn't yahoo successful as #facebook? If #yahoo could have done Facebook they'd be
Ok. I will get on it. Thanks.
Just posted a new "deal". You can either check in or mention this update to receive 20% off any jewelry repair service!
probably the perfect pick. I'd love to! samueldzimmerman at gmail
Awesome-ness is contagious! RT : Thank you for the mention, you are awesome.
Just wondering what poseidon's plans are if San O power never comes back on?
"When I was your age, television was called books"-Princess Bride quotes.
Kateex ! Stole all my ideas ! <3 :) But She is Style one of my best friends !
Wolfman's Brother
Based on Socialcam's angel round, everybody (and I do mean everybody) is a tech investor. Being the Instagram for X has its merits.
Make sure to tune in to News 3 at 10 if you are in #Madison...great story about great finds on our vault!
Who knew you could make a friend at the airport... Haha
Are you on our email list? Visit www.friendsofhowardfootball.org to sign up.
How many ads do you see on the right hand side when you go to pages? I'm seeing 7 right now..
Yay! We'll be flying in next week! :)
Happy #Valentine's Day everyone :)
Love the Anti Power Point Party!!
Had SO much fun! & throw such elegant parties. Excited to work with you all at #MissSantaMonica!
just wanna see ya.. SHAKE THAT! LOL
3 Best Exercises For Your Abs Side Plank-6 reps of 10 seconds Quadruped Opposition - 20 reps each side Crunch 3 sets of abdominal fatigue
Alright, enough is really enough.
Next speaker is , USA Health Policy Reporter
Today KMGH FM 88.9 broadcast my recordings of "Cry Me a River" and "How High the Moon" !! Aloha Harlingen, TX!
0 Visua mobile vodafone wallpapers web youtube
Got projects? Upcoming project photography trips to Chicago, GA, SC, NC, LA, TX, OK, MO. Contact me for a quote.
this is ruining my big island scoop prediction. although i got love for Waimea - that's where lauren's family is all from.
without it twitter is pointless
Never fails I'm having the perfect dream then my alarm wakes me up -_-
I always hear pundits talking about how Cain seems so "Likable" and "Charismatic". But to me he seems stuck up and cold.
(That's Very Important Tweets.)
guess how old loll
Wonder why hasn't invited "Think Like A Man" cast on to promote?
well played.
the good always die young.
Only an idiot (or maybe a moron) would want to discuss that as anything but trash...could not watch pass first 10 minutes..
awww hope for the best! REAC is a client of Sound Investment Audio in Chicago who also does AV for weddings too! Check'em out
I know I keep harassing all of you, but Ill make it all up to you tomorrow at Double Door for the ehLee Entertainment event.
$14 for $30 worth of eye shadow, lip gloss, mascara, nail polish, eyeliner, blush or bronzer.
Fair words fill not the belly.
Well, after explaining that I used her pic to brag about her, she calmed down.
Sweet Baby Blue Swim Trunks...Im at a baseball game and I just screamed like a teenager...Lord have mercy! That man will be the death of me!
Girl I hope you got yo stamina up
Early day of work. Nothing to do which is good cuz i feel lazy
Pleasure chatting at length with ya, man. Please look me up if you ever find yourself in NYC. We'll drag out
"It's raining in San Antonio...Hallelujah!
If I had the power to change the world, I would not use it so that you can get the answer you want to hear.
you have a private/locked account. I can't retweet your posts
I will be talking on #FOX45 tom. morning at 9:45am about how "Anyone Can Be an #Actor or #Model." Please check it out & tell your friends!
I am good.. what about you?
Phone problems are fixed! Apparently the battery was swelling (?!) so that was causing it to shut off randomly...
Hova. RT : 'If you like it then you should have put a pin on it.' Said here first.
Can this summer be like last please? Starting this Saturday?
Absolutely not!
Would appreciate it if would stop braggin bout the concert and making me jealous!! Thank you :)
What are you doing on this lovely holiday weekend?
Advertising execs?!?! Always about the money.... ;)
if u follow me we could direct message
#ificouldiwould sleep all day.
agreed - there is still a solid satisfaction in handing over a stack of coupons to the cashier!
Exactly. The Crazies.
& how did that end up 2 him kissin u
Brewer Game tonight. Hoping they actually show up to play!
Mr. just proclaimed war vs. #teammongoloid. He said we're gonna be sleeping in the hallway tonight.
Great webinar today with Mike from hosted by Thanks guys!
Don't judge me when Lil Wayne got a dick on his forehead
Blunts and bongs >
Yeah... with vodka!
you deserve everything Austin. You've come so far & worked for every ounce of it. I'm proud to call you my idol.
I've been checking out a lot of new music lately but nothing is really capturing me. Everything sounds old and faded.
aww thank you dear! It was our pleasure : )
sorry to hear that :/ I hope I do, there's no way I can miss All Time Low :P
Same here! RT : I've never read any science fiction and think I might try it. Suggestions are welcome.
At party. So far, it's basically the media
I'm tired of this rain and wind, but I said it like Samuel L. Jackson.
I wonder if 640 million people will win a dollar tonight
but if he does sign to good music, pusha t gonna need a new home.
Cool fact. RT : 2,000 electric vehicles to hit #SanDiego streets this year alone; 10% of the 20,000 Nissan Leafs ordered by San Diegans
Good morning.
Last quarter of high school...holy shit
I think the business is too overwhelming to some folks. No restrictions on what we can put up really.
ya girll... im doing the activites now. ugh
You are very welcome! :)
Please call dalton and tell him to call the mod office and tell one of them to wakeup -___________-
I think I love my mr.wrong
National Geographic-/Inside Outlaw Bikers -Hell's Angels Documentary Part 1 of 5 [HQ]
And there was much rejoicing!
Enjoying the first of a few days off from work. Much needed time at home on the farm and God has blessed me with a beautiful day!
hardest thing about the holidays is: RomanZolanski_
Passed out at 7:30 last night surrounded by casebooks, highlighters, and outlines. Definitely time for
Saturday note - don't ever give up on your dreams. Let your desire burn strong! Hope your wknd is fab!
You Tube - the best education source in the world.
Can't wait for the Enrique halftime show on Thursday!
We have not tweeted in forever! That changes today!
"I close my eyes but I can see questions circling. How do I realize the dreams you sparked in me?"
Who inspires you the most and why?
your welcome
The world uses a tanker of gas every 13 minutes
RT : Now would be a bad time to reboot the social media monitoring servers, wouldn't it?
so enjoyed newyorkunderground radio! they really showed me love and they played my tracks stop by fridays and tuesdays
Guys ethans awesome!:)
Getting ready for summer vacation? Show your love of the 'Burgh wherever you go with our quality tees.
You guys earned it!
Pardon our mess while we begin setup for our next special show inside the conservatory!
Dudes name is Marian?
Just so you guys know (in case you care) Target is not open on Easter. But I can't take the shift bc MAGNETIC FIELDS CONCERT YES YES.
#Comicon a life of science headed is headed to Columbus for our first Comicon also we will be playing on Saturday!!!!!
Perhaps Ms Larimore should read the article she is referencing. That was a sloppy review and missed the mark.
Test Game – Please Ignore
It pays off to keep in touch with friends near and far. I am incredibly lucky to have such amazing people in my life.
So fired Shyam Das? Only shocked by that it took them this long. Unbelievably petty response. Das ruled as he had to based on facts.
we're all just people trynna' make it through life. & we don't need your bitchy attitude to do it.
when the ladies were fighting and the opera singing was hilarious! Last night was funniest by far!
Now what am I gonna watch Monday nights...
My 18 WP installs happy as clams. I'm pretty rigorous about maintenance. The oldest are 8 years old! Only one site ever hacked.
Children in elementary are playing a new game called Rape-Tag (like freeze tag, but they do hip thrusts).
uhm me? idgaf if you want to or not
Indeed...which makes tonight's decision all the more headscratching.
You're more than a lover There could never be another To make me feel the way you do
Wasn't saying the travel was crazy. Sheesh. Just think it's crazy they still have a shot at home-ice advantage.
I say Democrats should be the working class unless you have Independents like Bernie Sanders,and I don't like Joe Lieberman.
Free wifi at the MCC during #ala11. But will it work? That's the question.
yes!!! Omg, that would be so much fun!
Congrats to DBV for winning the non-profit altar contest!
Probably WR (players like Jenkins and Adams could provide downfield threat) but it's a tough question.
So happy to be finally done with all my classes! xD
I'll go with u Chris and drive us :)
With my childhood friend Carla
In November 1682 complained to Fort Oranje Court that he was called an "old, dubious, rascal."
Borgman: Google searches are optimized to find the best consumer projects not to find the best research
Oh and please eat several beignets for moi.
Go !!!!! RT: Paul Casey joins McIlroy at 14 under. They trail leader Fredrik Jacobson by three shots.
Thanks to everyone who came to my talk at today. Was great to see so many people there.
Reading your blog "My First Day at School" is fun! It really made me reminisce my school days! #verygoodcomposition :-)
Ahh I wish. It is looking like August now. Things are super busy. How are you? I miss you all!
specifically, firefox on my PC . Have seen the same problem in chrome as well more frequently lately. Haven't tested on a mac yet.
In Charlotte NC viewing #slnolsummit webcast! Hi to & all!
lol it sounds weird like that
#sdusd board getting pretty sobering presentation on the process of state takeover in the event they can't balance the district's budget
I need your love to pull me up- i can't swim on my own- it's to much <3 - ily big dylan & Dalton. (:
#cody what's the craziest thing a fan has done on tour? (;
glad to see you are still doing your civic duty.
woaah I'm not a bitch! Haha and I wasn't. Duncan retweeted it. It's kinds cool to see my fb status go viral over twitter
Chandler man shoots aggressive dog to save his own Chandler police said the man was forced to shoot an American Bulldog that attacked his
Art Directors Guild <U+200F> | Let us know what you think of the production design in The Avengers! #ADG RT ( #Awesomesauce )
now she wana photo, you already know tho, you only live once that's that motto yolo
Bed is calling, but so is one more episode of Game of Thrones.
I'm more offended by that jacket!
I nearly sprayed my monitors with a mouthful of coffee re: that last tweet. Good one.
Glad that Charles Scott and PCOG team are OK in Joplin--let us join in praying for all those devastated by this storm.
I hate how Sportscenter talks about Amare's hand for 30 min and the entire NHL playoffs for 30 seconds
Santonio can you see this turning into a QB controversy? "No. No I don't." insists Sanchez is the starter.
anonymus D: ok no e.e
Customer service can't find you in the system. Pls DM me with email address or case # or full name.
More cold weather to come. Sale continues on fall and winter merchandise.
It crazy how that one text can change the feelings you have for that person. . . .
It's madness, love! Broken windows at Niketown, the courthouse and American Apparel. Fires being set, rioting...
I like it moved here in 2006...how is Cali?
#WaysToBeginSex Argue first!
"You have but one choice... the ring must be destroyed." All his lines in that scene could be the scene-button. All of em.
Win tickets to our midnight showing of The Hunger Games at Baxter 8 Theater's coming up with the Interactive 8 at 8!
because I am totally against that...
My partner is my wonderful husband... been married 29½ years. :) He loves it when I cook
take yo wife... give her back... 9 months after that... SIMILAC!!!
hey.... at least i tried ;) and it was more truthful ;D maybe even an understatement
New icon everybody!!!!
The Roots may be the most consistent artist in hip hop. They do not drop bad music.
mind your P's and Q's if you expect to get
It's spring!! My favourite season of the year, let the sun rise!! Xx
When you've got your breath inside your hands, everyday's a second chance
u home today?
can we get a shout out for an amazing singer/songwriter, #levilowrey? It would mean so much to me =)
Accepted. Email me deets () or message me here!
RT You can help us save kids before they up the doses. Looking for some role models and stars. No judgments. All good PR
For life? hahahah :D
He said if I want em "2 take care of me". I said "no cus my whole body hurts. An I don't want u 2 get it"
I hear ya, bought to start my next chapter :) let's catch up soon!
cool im 16. Im marie u?
I caught on to that ;))
I'll talk to the boss. He's a hardass tho
I'm falling to pieces.
Thanks for raising a nerd boy that traveled the world and made a few people's world a little better. You are a great woman.
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg isn't a Democrat.
I hear you lol! It's just the way weekends are made of
actually "Til the break of dawn!" *drops * xD
A 70+ degree weekend in Seattle feels like Christmas to me. Makes sense!
MVP: Phillip Rivers, (Superbowl and The Whole NFL.) Offensive man: Phillip Rivers, Defensive man: Vince Wilfork.
I had a raw kale and collard salad last night.
Re: Vince Young. Seems that way. RT : If it happened you gotta think we'd have heard it by now
Thanks for the tip about Utah beers. You are right, there are some great choices. My fave - Polygamy Porter.
": -- the Thai wrap is addictive. Mostly due to the amazing in my peanut" you all rock!
Argh, too much good stuff at #ASJA ! missing online markets w to hear food/nutrition editors including
OPEN MIC WITH MIKE MOLINARO AT 9PM 's Tavern! Check out our .com for more of tonight's specials events this weekend!
aye movies tonight!!!
got hw, bye
Thanks again to the Milwaukee Pizza Tour! It was a crazy night but we live having you!!!
I wish someday that it would be possible to claim all of the student loan interest and not just 2500$ cap on the federal form!
Thanks for the follow !
Some mistakes are too much fun to make only once.
Woo I got told my hair is getting long today :D this makes me happy..
I should have new profile pic(:
The primary property of intuitive design is clear focus. -
I feel bad that wagner has to read this piece of shit.. actually I dont feel bad, not at all.
why is she a nightmare?
Harriet Fulbright College offers an versatile array of exciting classes including our ESL for Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing students
A bit of a mess in the bottom of the eighth. Crim and Plesac combine to allow one run on two hits, an error and a walk. 10-8 Brewers.
Absolutely! Throw them a curve! and a left and a right! Keep 'em confused but not so much that they forget to feed us. :o)
What was the lick?
I then went and sobbed quietly in a corner... then had more ice cream
good point. It is the devils, after all
Letss get drunk
OmG HAHAHAHA i love stephanie!!
Watching tha Heat game
I love cheap nail polish. Why? Because it is cheap and it is nail polish.
thinly slice sweet potato, sprinkle salt / touch of olive oil, broil in oven til crisp but not burned
Always fun to stand helplessly with your colleagues while golf ball sized hail pounds your cars.
the usual Monday with
No doubt!
How you feel on the inside reflects how you look on the outside and vise versa.
Session done! Great class too -- although sitting thru a 30 min. summary of library services must feels like speed-eating a bowl of pasta.
Romans, notorious party animals wore wreaths of CELERY stalk to protect them from hangovers,which may explain celery sticks in Bloody Marys.
No Liquor 4 me 2nite! I'm gonna keep it plain n simple with ... Uumm ... Uhra uumm ... Yeah, I'll probably drink Liquor 2nite :-)
Thanks for the follow
nice one! keep up the good work.
to be honest, I barely ever read him anymore he could have changed it I wouldn't even know.
What sort of work would you be looking for? Have a friend who just moved back to Boston from Chi, she may have some ideas!
Training instructor has a line of 4 red bulls and a Starbucks espresso drink, said it's his job to be strung out for training
Great time catching up with this afternoon! Coulda spent the rest of the day hanging and chatting.
Where'd yah get them from?
New rule: If you start the email with "I hope you've been well," I will delete it without reading it.
You can't feel good about yourself when your making someone else feel bad. (life class with OWN last night!)
Hey I'm Jocelyn from DESA in 6 grade and let me tell you ,that day you came was fun and sum of us fell in love with poetry
Today we mark the one and only time in history that a completely innocent man died. And thank God he did, voluntarily.
I love the idea of a bulletin board. Looking forward to seeing how you use it!
well u can't, but play hard or hardly work, hahaha
I still cant get over when Devin said "Ah! I forgot my cigarettes!" i was dying laughing. Boy SIT tf down somewhere. He's a Unk !
omw to chill with my bestie . Where you work again ?
if you were LA local radio guy, how would you handle Artest talkers today?
Did you go to Cornel West? I was sick. :(
RT A big "Thank you" for #follow You can also #follow me Thanks again
you're doing a fanfic? :)
Surely watching Downton Abbey will help me finish this homework, right? Right?
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E41D>
Haha I take that as a huge compliment - Samantha was my fave & am very thankful I don't look like Will Ferrell :)
“: Since 1945 , the United States has attempted to overthrow more than 50 foreign governments.”
Strawberry daiquiris...<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
if you want me to follow back tell your friends to follow me so i can get off of this following limit its irritating me ugh!
Lil Boys Who Aint Grown Yet..
where r u
I got beats for you!
this place just went bananas
Worried that #Santorum will take this thing. Libs forget that a religious conservative can rally millions of people who don't believe in TV.
": Idk what I would do w/o my dad."
going to bed soon. Good Night x
Thought for the Day - "You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do." - Henry Ford
Hair, like Gia's.
wow friend! i love your picture! lets go
do you have any work I could see?
Random acts of kindness to your neighbor = service = love = a better world to live in.
Working out every morning has been great, but do you find yourself hungry all day? Raw almonds n lots of water seem to help.
knock em dead! :)
Hot yoga soon-- it is a real ass-kicking but totally worth it. More men should do it.
Yes--Crown was years ago! Hope you're doing well--looks like you're busy w/ good writing gigs!
Learn from your mistakes and move forward! Bring your dreams into reality through action steps. Take steps daily to manifest your dreams!
“: Pay attention to them niggaz That you cool with & keep yo eyes on dem bitches that you claim you threw with”
If shes buying Ill take mine delivered to Mass & AlabamaRT : I'd it's a coworker then they are buying!
RT in Galveston Hooters, the balinese room and murdoch are gone. All piers on Seawall are gone, except flagship and 91st street
True story. “: When someone loves you, they don't always have to say it. You can always know it by the way they treat you.”
Would be nice to get some late night turkey dick
Portland traffic... :-/
When are you building that list management app? Building a new list SUCKS!
I have a client that needs pr and promotional help here in ny. Steve
mayne bout to start this cafe mom and im a dude lol
Hello VA! Its a beautiful day...
nice... Welcome back!
they definitely are
I am wise and #confident in all matters. I approve of myself 100%. I ask for help when I need it. I believe in myself.
Ever run sound & your out of 9 volt batteries for the wireless, so gather your old batteries & friends manually juice check them, sound fun?
Nothing puts me in a better mood than getting ready for the day with 's album blasting through my speakers.
I'm beautiful now that I'm with you <3 ( ü )
Sprint investigating reports of slow iPhone 4S data speeds Sprint Nextel ( NYSE:S ) is investigating reports that some Apple ( NASDAQ:AAP
I'm down with pasta here too. Just let me know.
Being a kid with a lot of money beats a broke ass adult any day
Growth as a professional= input Data in front of a computer for about 10hrs. I do it all for the kids! Children are our future.
Via We just finished up our Free Black Spectacles day at the University of Illinois at Chicago....
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen my mom to walk :)
I hate fags
I'll be hanging about on Twitter tonight from 7 to 730 ET to answer any questions from Accent Instructors re www.800-language.com workshops.
not good at all for the C's
What great praise - thank you! RT : Doing the most for our youth-Proud the PDX community benefits from your work!
Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand.
it's one of the best gifts he ever gave.
With game 1 officially over WMP is escorted by Police back to the hotel!
Need a new phone; iphone, galaxy etc.... Gotta decide
Spurs all about "we" not "me"
Me: Mom, can I buy this? Mom: No. Me: I have my own money though. Mom: No.
Thx & Happy Hump Day to u too!!
Al-Marzooq: not a single senior member of govt brought to justice
tapin out ugh
likewise. Where have you been?
does it involve a snuggie and a cup of milk
k see ya later!!! Lol bye
It's most important, that you're ok. #perspective man I hate these car things...... sorry :(
conducting research w/all partners to find out abt circ, costs, and sustainability for all parties
Back to the real world
We're almost there! We've got waterproofed iphones kicking around the office, we're just not quite full scale ready yet.
I wanna go to zuma
I'm quickly realizing there is a thing as "too much coffee" - don't mind me, just can't stop shaking & having minor heart palpitations
I might hang out with Jakob tomorrow haha
#Wiunion #Wisconsin The power the wealthy collect is self destruction; a business can't stand without demand. We, the people, are the union.
i got caught up with finals but ima send over an email this week with some tunes attached to see if you like any
I fuckin love avengers! :) "im always angry"
at least you wont get tasered if you mix bacon and cobbler.
Thank You <3 Then it's still my b-day over there then hehe
thanks for the follow girl!
#ICANN & IP: 1-sided misinformation, tortured metaphors, half-truths, grand-standing, rhetoric, threats - it must be congressional testimony
I'll be checking out and tomorrow due to the meetup plug by
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Kid Ink What I Do
thanks, little buddy.
that's me(;
Has anyone used member.ly?
(cont) for 2 minutes. He gets 20 tries.
The fact I get a 68% on a yet and my grade goes up 5% . >>>>
Quote: "I liked that title. I didn't want to lose it, but if I had to, I'm glad I lost to you. You're gonna be a champ." —Jersey Joe Walcott
If your about something and you have a love for music support the movement and
stepping out of the serato control vinyl realm?
And 'frisco' and 'Cali' RT Dear guy who says "Cap Hill," "San Fran," and "Philly" in one sentence-are you THAT busy?
Stick to writing and let the front office and coaching staff do their job. Damn we all miss Bernardo Fallas
What's an elevator pitch
Bingo Players tonight ! Steve Aoki killed it as USUAL!! Don't miss out on one epic night!
Life's like an hourglass glued to the table.
my bro gets in from nicaragua tonight! can't wait to see him. and neither can the pups.
you suck -_-
lmao im sure she wont care shes got millions of guys out there after her oh nd u. I would pik u over JB ANYY DAY F that kid lol
cats turtles irishness mirrors carrots
Had a great time now we're 's with all the...Bruins fans wah wah. Soprano gonna take your forward any day
My Father had a profound influence on me. He was a lunatic.
WOW. Sucks. Brenton won't take you guys?
Finally seeing the avengers!
The Indians and Jays are scoreless heading into the bottom of the 4th
hey.iwanna see your hair?dm me!!
I did not want to get up this morning... it is cloudy and raining. I think I need extra coffee :-)
fun stuff coming up the rest of the week!
Why have we not heard about this before now???
SEAHAWKS will b in some high-scoring affairs this season - HOUSH arrival coupled lame backfield & aging "D" means it's time for
I be Tumbln like a muthafucka
Hahha RT : wow...once again steve blake is demonstrating his inability to guard ANYONE....
Working tonight cuz prom is gonna make me broke
i aint seen dis movie in years i loove love love carlitoss way so im out
I pretend to like 80% of the people I know
Rameriz his second hit today. I think his average might be above .100 now.
Very excited to catch up with the old #BSU PR Crew over sushi and drinks tonight! Good eats, good times and most importantly, good friends.
Its stuck in my head...And no I am not kidding about the money.
Thanks for following buddy!
“: So I downloaded #FCPX wow, this might take some getting used to. Interesting.” havent even bothered
If I ran the ball 10 times against a pro defense I'd have the ball stripped probably 9 times.
I Followed Her Already!(:
I can't wait to get married ^_^
They say patience is a virtue. I'm driving myself crazy in waiting.
Let's be honest, I'll be singing "one percent reason you'll remember oUR name" all day long... I may even break out into dance.
Possibly. I'll wait a couple days. But remember, I was overcharged *twice*. I have one credit showing up.
Is anyone else super crazy curious about their future? I know I am!
good luck with Duke today though - have fun with that ;)
Products sound gr8! Want to learn more... do u offer samples to try out?
“: At Axum supporting and Come out and support!” great hanging man!!
My wife is laughing her ass off at a video of horse dressage (dancing). This is why we get along so well.
starting from the beginnig though so I hope to catch up in the next couple of months or so! Listen to one/two a day.
Thanks. I've tried some of those, but it's just not the same. Sigh.
Big show fired?
I wouldn't mind if you were one of the 72 Virginians either.
Hello my people!!
Well of course!! Best of luck to you and everyone on rehearsal and shows! :)
That's awesome! I didn't know he was a good guy!
Seeing that I got a text and get excited because I think it's from you & it's from someone else :(
Anyone know how the snow is these days at Whistler?
lol when I said home, I meant Dallas. Won't be in the Chi till July.
#vpearl6 how best to gather a range of people to throw their support behind a common effort? This can drive a new appreciation of our world
So I found out can come to parties but I wonder if you can pay extra for to come too :)
She likes to play around.
Now That Was A Stupid Question...
so when u going to give me a taste!?")
Downloaded the Minecraft trial. I'll give it a chance.
What are you behind on, maybe I can fill you in
get off my QB!
www.meetup.com/lunch-in-lodo Join us for Lunch this Friday at Samba Room- Great Networking!!!
#NowPlaying Your Favorite Hero – Killer On the Lower East Side
RT : Did I just read that Simon Borg -------- Spurs are not as high up on pecking order of world football as you might think.
I love Chipolte, even if I can't spell it rite LOL
Sunday Gravy has never been better specially with four pairs of fake titties to help out with the ambience
RT : 'If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.' -Woody Allen
Prenatal tests are medical services that saves the life of mom &baby not a moral aptitude test.
dropped at the job and went to the bank, now off to sort and wash laundry... another productive monday :)))
C:\Users\Cathy\Documents\Cornerstone\Website\Doc1.mht
When do I get those Twinkies? I have only been waiting since like 3rd grade...
Oh man. I just had the best best best super-secret idea.
Very successful day :)
Think of the qualities of your best teacher? Your worst teacher?
Restrooms available RT : Going to hear Nathan Englander and Etgar Keret speak at #DCJCC, may pee myself from excitement
your size in_____?
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up
New co-op missions every week or two ... like a TV show you play. It's not DLC. It doesn't cost anything.
Text from the President: "John Travolta is here....very...VERY excited about my announcement on gay marriage....VERY...excited..."
this man has to have the hairiest hands in the midwest.
my day just got ten times bettterrrrr(:
Pierce doing his best "Bruce Banner gets Angry" impression.
haha, i woke up from my name just in time for SWAC. xD
my girl asked me what would I change about her if I could change one thing. I said "I'd change her into J Lo" and she got mad!
Kendrick Lamar is one of the dopest rappers out. Perfect blend of intelligent rhymes and style. Most rappers are one or the other.
follow back please ?:)
First Kick! KSMO! Now!
lol RT RT “: We're experiencing technical issues. Thanks for your patience!” <-- zuckerberg's takeover!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Alien invaders in the intestines!
Whats Up with Tiger Woods? Follow me. Why struggling w/consistency? Check for my blog before Tiger tees off on Saturday!
Jon Bones Jones!!!!
#21stME is twenty first century museum education.
oh gosh o.o lol
send you an email about it w a URL for a sneak preview...
perfect timing right when i get back from kansas lol ask ur mommy if u can come visit me!
Been craving Maggiano's for like 2 months now... It's time.
Such a wonderful time with Hebron Church this morning in Pittsburgh! Thank you so much for having me - loved being with you. :)
Haha uh oh
Hi Sandra, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Silent Prayer
Maybe playing FarmVille all day and giving back your stock options isn't all that appealing after all?
Time for schooll
You should follow if you know your own name
I'm gonna come by to grab those dvds if ya got em
Mixtape title ideas: 'Berna Fide Pro' 'Turn Up: Drunk in the AM' and an r&b title for the ladies: 'Feel the Bern'
even worst lol and yeah family is good guess won't be bad then...but powerful connections oh la la
it's supposed to smell like apples ;o
“: Now joined to a gym #Teamfitness Hehe” do work
Can't wait to get back to Austin to see !!
Heading 2 Lawrence, with the boy to kick off the Futbol season. Tourney starts @ 8 am Saturday.
That was a super great message this morning!
: just one of the great lines in that movie!
I hope tomorrow is as pretty as it is today!
“There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.” – Peaceful Warrior
RT : I can't move.
I don't get it
hey!!!! Is hilarious, why don't you be yourself and say
Thanks to the CLA, Budget Committee has an additional $16M to work with. Time to talk about layoffs?
Now you can be catchin feelings baby cause were goin steady.(:
At Ruby Tuesday ^.^
hey babe how r u ? Will be there soon.. Just got back from Holland and now in vegas..
Now a days. I love you means nothing. It's over said. Smh
if I am not mistaken that came from lion kimbros notebook! Cool
Boys like you love me forever.
It was great meeting you and RaeAnn tonight I am already putting my FB tips to good use
"If the people remain right, your public men can never betray you." #quote From "Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches," p. 55.
good morning <3
Difficult, almost impossible, to win when you are missing support.
Gross! I'll pass.
Early literacy: if there's a big mess, a lot of learning was going on
Good start, lets hope the American people are smart enough to give you a chance to do more
"I know why the caged bird smokes"
"Arenas: No. People come up to me and have a conversation with me, especially at the YMCA, where I do spin class in the mornings."
RT : Just heard someone AGAIN say "#WCM & #Portals are starting to converge". Really?! Um, this trend started 10 yrs ago.
With the uncertainty about the future of small businesses and what the government will do next, it takes hard work, and a success...
Cat Fact: Sir Isaac Newton, not only theorized the principles of gravity, he also invented the cat door
Hahahahaha gotcha! Love you too!:)
Signed with new agent. Good day.
fingers crossed she sticks to puppies and doesn't have children!
do people still use to plan their travel these days?
Its shameful how many tweeters don't realize the POSITIVE impact Planned Parenthood has for women who need it for healthcare
or I should say is flying by lol
when someone asks to take your work home to copy, then they lose it. omg. you're never copying me ever again. K!!!
The pregame drinking for #Buzzcation has begun
Honey <3 I'll tweet u soon cause I'll be offline these days :(( <3
Talking with simone presents inc from atlanta cheers amy
Awesome round for
got em. keep the change.
OMG, the women coming into the Marina Del Rey Starbucks are AWEsome. You'd think there was a model convention nearby.
I challenge you to be dreamers; I challenge you to be doers and let us make the greatest place in the world even better
whatever makes you happy...you win:/
I love you, Justin !
How do vampire football players get the mud off? They all get in the bat-tub.
marathon!!! yeah <3
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! Audrey Hepburn
Welcome to Twitter, !
Hard rock cafe Hollywood
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
oh tweet him and say check ur DM's
who's the culprit LIRR or NJT
Hey! A democrat won an election! Isn't this the first time since like... 2008?
As told me a few years ago....keep it classy 24/7. Aiming for 1% improvement in all aspects of life everyday.
Hey everyone(:
Hooray! We can't WAIT!
Hope that everyone is enjoying this Thanksgiving day! Take a moment to reflect on for what you are thankful.
in Pass conference at orange county. Douglas Barrett rocks! Agile data warehousing with parallel SQL support
Tonight! Earplane : LATIN - BRAZILIAN JAZZ 8:00PM Peter Kienle - Guitar, Tom Clark - Sax, Neil Heidler - Bass, Lawrence Clark - Drums
I just want to say I love warm weather because these ladies be looking good:-)
Bill, why do you tempt us with lizard links? why? share!
good night :)
Just saw the Traber Mazzio's commercial. I'm confused. The goal for advertisements is to sell products, right?
That was too much Nicki!
I think I'm stuck in the past.
But yeah the weekend you come, I'm back on my club flow.. Let me know when to start collecting bottles
Bright Eyes can get me through any kind of day
If a guy ever tried to control me he would never see the light of day again
If you were a radio personality... What would you name your show, & what type of music you'd play, join our FB convo at on.fb.me/w496Q2
This beautiful weather calls for drinks and !!! Come down to the #firestonedistrict for Sunday funday!!!
“: One way to increase your chances of a goodnight kiss: Getting your date home without a drunk-driving crash. #ThingsWomenWant” Bravo!
“: It's never an easy win you know never a smear lol” // ;D
Praying so hard that my grade turn into a c in math ugh
you know that's right! Cohen had a VERY rough early evening:(
I am so happy that Cory came to support my team and i at our last home game of the varsity bball season :)
I saw him today...and his legs >w<
I want a cotton candy machine! :D <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I'm homeschooled now cause kids were being really rude and immature
I'd never let you go
The International Calls are coming in form around the world. Singapore, United Kingdom, Argentina, Bahamas, Chile, Costa Rica, Brazil,
rule of thumb...if you've been to an iteen foam party within the past year, odds are you aren't prepared to raise a child
Would you be interested in attending and Oscars Party if we had one at The Spot?
Excited about book award announcements coming up: NBCC nominees tonight and Newbery, Caldecott awards Monday a.m.
Visited Rockman exhibit last week. Loved his 'Evolution' mural!
the enforcement tactics are creating not only impoverished fathers, but creating poor minority children with negative ROI.WHY?
Hello Mel!
When you sang "It was 94 and you had to change your ways" In #TurnToYou My mom and I began to cry #1994 is my birthyear! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Drop #2...r u f in serious
My feet are swollen :(
Can't wait to show off our designers' creations at 's Art In Bloom this weekend!!
On that note. . .how the hell does one make coffee tastes like cigarettes???
Though my blood runs cold to think on it, if it be my destiny, I will rent a Zipcar and drive to Newton. For the good of the archives.
wow u happy
With Freese sitting 2-0 and runners at corners with 0 outs, I think we all knew the game would end that way.
Less than a week away from Hollywood Alley, great local bands and cheap beer, you can't go wrong, see you Saturday!
Fancy grilled cheese just got fancier as adds toastabags to their delivery service to keep your sammies nice & toasty!
"and I don't like it...read why" Not a very well thought out schedule. Conference championships 3 days after semis end is nuts.
If uses 'gamechanger' in reference to any more of his tweets, he is disqualified.
You can now follow Rock Snubs on Twitter! Follow user
Smart stuff: RT : "You can't get ahead of anyone if you're always trying to get even with them."
Daylight Saving time is like telling someone "you would be taller if you cut your head off and stood on it"
Good shii RT : Watching "How I made my millions" on cnbc... Interesting
golf tourney. Brought my giant toothbrush for a putter.
You can follow the tweets of our awesome tour developer, guide, and unofficial historian, TOM DAVIS, here:
are going to take down the today
Feral cats are responsible for about 82% of kittens born in the U.S. annually, putting great strain on the shelter system.
#Pens have been down is series 3-1 before & come back to win, but they never got to the point of down 3-1 by losing the 1st 3 games & won.
that photo of & is so precious! <333
Damn babe drop her phone in some water all bad
Looking forward to the Sacramento Archives Crawl today. Our first stop will be at the Sacramento Room at
I was either spammed or last night I was going through my Nature Boy Ric Flair moments
Not at Microsoft anymore, at a startup company called WebServius (API management infrastruct. as a service), it's still very small
Reply: omg iloveyoujustinn!
BOUNCE BOUNCE So and are frakkin' rockstars Demo of archive server up and working launchpad.net/citability
So annoyed.
I need coffee. Ten minutes til there's a pumpkin spiced latte in my hands
we can guess, Josh, but u gotta admit that Glantz's BB A7 was not one of his better plays vs Phil given raise size & stcks, etc
Picnic lunch at Crissy Field w family and friends today. Pretty nice way to break up the work day!
Happy New Year. Bye 2011.. welcome 2012
Directioner: i finally got 1D tickets maybe niall will see me!! *excited* Me: Bitch please hes mine!! :)
Ashleigh Ashton, Wednesday Knight & Kaleigh Wood make their sister act debut tonight at the wine studio!
In other news, Kerry Wood has an ERA of 14.54.
but he is old and married!
Oh what a lucky man he was!
they won't call me back either!! I texted you!!! :) <3
U haha why not?
Having second thoughts about telling you how I feel..
ohh that's depending on who you're talking to... and wether or not they've got a gf or significant other. :P
U know what im gonna do to get more women followers ima just put a famous person's abs on my main picture maybe its a good idea or bad idea
email sent! [heart]
The official studio for is expected to open July 2011.
I really loved CODE NAME VERITY by Elizabeth Wein - WWII 2 young women who work for the British cause, one captured by Nazis
I'm up packing for the 81th Anniversary Conference in Columbia, SC.
eat some cheese! :)
#ff to our awesome partners for tonight's #Unblurred:
It was ugly. A win is always a good thing #gobrewers Nice job!
good job; you're making me feel lazy, man!
How do you feel about comments made about ? That as a SAHM she has "actually never worked a day in her life".
We're so excited! It's going to be a fun night. (and weekend) Wish you could be here.
isn't iceland in financial ruin right now? Perhaps that is the best time to go....
Never let your "enemy" make your policy choices.
i refuse to complain about the blazing, sweltering, smothering, soul-destroying heat.
See you this Wednesday at 'Voices: Perspectives of Women in Medicine' from 12-1PM at the Biomed research commons
LMAO! “: Saturday is a great day for running errands & recording in a little book all the people who pissed you off this week.”
People don't change, they just become a clearer version of who they really are.
XD thanks for the support you are the reason why i draw :)
RT City of #ABQ Thank u for using 311 We appreciate your tweets and are here for all your city government requests and concerns.
I also still find the irony that Joey fatone's name is "fat one", AND I feel bad for the guy w/the deep voice in Boyz to Men. He only talks
Gerrymandering is legal & encouraged by law but it is one of the most undemocratic notions ever invented.
I could pull it off probably
That was YOU??? I told my kid to do it. I thought that was a good-nasty look, though, not bad-nasty. ;)
In such a bad mood that I feel like punching the next person that talks to me!
I love
RT : Dear , I promise to get drunk at your wedding and fall in the cake.
Always. More. Sergio!
's first Women in Business Conference is today + speaker series with #LauraEvans! It's going to be a great day, we hope to see you!
Just casually met the guy who plays Peter Pan at Disneyworld when I was out walking the dog...
RT if you love this guy that lived in San Antonio, TX, but now lives in Miami, FL.<3
you entering!? I'm jealous!
Have you liked This Restaurant yet? $150,000.00 makeover to the winning restaurant.
you are welcome!! Follow me please!! I watched #boyfriend 25 times i am really
Ok, I'm clowning now but seriously Chicago is that deal. I love her dearly and I promise to never do her wrong. She's been too good to me
I don't know why it didn't occur to me that you would be there! Duh
#GiveObamaCreditFor... paying off hookers in Latin America AFTER they went to the news media.
Thinking Rinaldo probably is in the press box next game
SAVE THE DATE: April 17 Luncheon. Jay Friedman, author of 30 Days to Digital Media Expertise will discuss "Doing Digital Media Right."
naw....gave it to ur mom a month or so ago 85.00 dollars NEPHEW
Why don't people "get" that closing loopholes will generate more revenue... just like raising taxes?
It hurts saying these things because you think you'll get hurt but it's just hurting....
Saturday is the sneakpeak just4 ! U have2 follow Buggy 4the next taste! We r officially on the streets this summer!
My fancy pants shoes are evil!
. How many innocents have been put to death? BAN THE DEATH PENALTY! The system is NOT perfect!
Braden holtby is the best goalie in the playoffs right now
Can't wait to take my medicine!! In the mean time handling this bipolar fever >__<
was Rachel around? ;) lol
nun laying in my bed ,txtin friends trying to go places and watchin bad girls
you are amazing Samuel <3
will be announcing the postcard contest winner soon!
haley freaking baker . ( ;
I sent a hologram of myself to work today. Hopefully no one saw through my deception.
I swear my short-term memory is entirely trained to remember what I control-C'd twenty minutes ago.
safe travels luv. See you soon.
Damn we watching all the good movies tonight.
lol!! Yeah normally I would, but I have a BUSY morning!
And it's all I've ever known. When I'm in Washington, I'm at a loss. Usually friend(s) do that for me.
cant wait for torr beating that ass
“: Wicked spot for those Do-Over parties!" stay tuned for the next one!
"Break Up" is one of my favorite albums. Always on the top of my playlist!
but that just keeps me on my ass more lol ;)
oh thank you!!! :) and best of luck!
RT : What about Ty Law or other free agent DB's getting a look this week?
Brilliant show last night at the Crofoot!
my location consists: anywhere there is WiFi..
just saw that you're w/ Outside now. Congrats on the fancy new title.
Camp Pendleton Marine's home searched and wife questioned in dissappearance of Fallbrook woman.
Woke up earlier this morning to the sound of bagpipes. Downtown San Diego is always full of surprises! Happy St. Patrick's Day everybody!
MY THOUGHTS.....I THINK KIDS SHOULD BE ABLE TO GO PRO SRAIGHT FROM COLLEGE. MUST STAY 2 YEARS IF COLLEGE
SOX vs CUBS...CUBS about to get the goo goo gaa gaa beat outta them..lol.
Keep going back on colors to paint my room!! Decisions
Oh god, animal cages...I'm going to freak if there's reptiles!
Content Marketing: Online is the New Skyline
Q: What happens if you cross a midget and a computer?A: You get a short circut.
My wrist is all fucked up today.... guess I don't have to run any food tonight! Like I would anyway.
lol ya my bad forgot to reply! I took quintanilla & willem's 18th/19th cent. Q's much more fun lol but both challenging profs
lmafo!!! You look like that roach after Jake killed it!!
don't care haha
Movie night! ((:
haha! Well you learned something new everyday...yup! Lmao. Are you from Chicago or you're traveling to Chicago to see 1D?
Looking forward to this event! A Conversation with President Amy Gutmann at Alumni Weekend 2012
Uploading a new video!
Good practice Rage. Welcome to the new players and welcome back to some old faces. Keep getting better every practice
very soon! You get some friends of yours together and we will go
What I object to is negative utopias. RT : and you say you dislike him RT : Kurt Vonnegut briefly worked for SI.
Trying to tell Keith, thanks and I'll keep it real too. XOXO
Damn i got along way to go.
So happy #elf is on USA right now!!
yes ma'am! I'll be back in Huntsville at the end of July!
THANKS for the sweet complement! I LOVE the Wolsey website...sweet eye candy!;)
Sometimes the only thing left to do is wrap your arms around each other one last time and then ... Let go!
hey Ariana! Love you :* hope you're having a great time in Florida and also celebrating mother's day with your family. :]
I need to work on a plan to clean up our data on an annual basis
Remember, we're closed today for Yom Kippur. Come by tomorrow to check out The Color of Memory!
i've been in my bed since 1pm i havent gotten up literally at all except for food is this what it feels like to be obese?
Why do I even come to Chicos.
How long is the gestation period of a Jessica Simpson? I just assumed it was the same as a warthog.
Thursday, make the painless please!
Can she cook?
the mailman berrying a gift... just received my very own copy of Genreflecting in the mail, yes I am a nerd!
Karen, pretentious dignity
Yes we do! RT : We need to help people make decision to invest in content
I'm watching...RT : We're watching. RT : #ThePitch starts now! Retweet if you're tuning in.” ^RL
": Good Morning World you are now rockin with the #Blessed" happy hump day!
jam to us!!
Celtics coach also admits they should've fouled Philly earlier than 14.4 seconds.
I meant 5 sorry
taking a self defense class today...better watch it! I might kick you in the magic triangle!!
so glad you could make it out Stephen!
Outdoor Bootcamp in Wauwatosa starting June 1st! Who wants in?
Be yourself, not who others want you to be.
The Guto likes to think he is sporting a 70's porn stash...but knows deep down he's just a creep with a mustache watching porn.
I hate it. She makes me soo mad al the timee!!!
kate is nutty put her in shadybrooke
Need any money? Send me your bank acct# & I'll wire it to you. ;)
Why does Justin have to pay actors for a video when he can just hire beliebers for free?
*shoulder and knee ": Cold weather makes my ancle hurt"
IML is that a booth?
not tonight Just hanging out with my sis. I just can't bring myself to change out of sweatpants. Lame I kno lol
You are so inspirational my prayers go out to you & your family xoxo stay strong <3 please follow back
Does the firm compensate for your rainmaking strengths? You are good at expanding relationships, does the firm pay a proliferation credit?
To be able to look back upon one's past life with satisfaction is to live twice. - Lord Acton
for the same reason that so many people focused on his birth certificate...its politics
Thank you! RT : Happy Birthday !! Hope you have a great day!
video instead of recording?
Every once in a while they have groupons for them at local med-spas. All my friends in Vegas get them like, once a month.
I hate when I run into somebody that knows me but I have no clue who they are lol. # ummyeawatupdoe
Staring a my iPhone in complete darkness, trying to figure out at what point I crossed over and became hooked on Twitter. LOL
I've given up, I've given up slowly. I'm blending in so you won't even know me.
I want to move on, but I can't.
I never knew running worked out her abs
Terry off, oh dear Chelski.
haha me too
In case you're looking for the Bulls game, it's started on Comcast Sportsnet+ channel 285.
Such a crazy busy week - lots of new listings! What sort of #housing are you looking for? I just may have it in my back pocket!
Your right about the Bucks trade, the more I find out the better it seems.
LOL! That's really pushing it, but I like the way u think! ;)
A rich warm tenderness to your peas
Photo Flashback: Gaelic Storm - who will be at the IAHC Saturday. www.theconcertstage.com/gaelic-storm2009.html
Shirtless pasta cooking has its risks.
watching old videos makes me happy and sad rarrrrrrrrrrrr
well, I find it offensive, but not as offensive as the stimulus package, ObamaCare, the economy, or $5T in new debt.
"Gabriel throws himself into the easiest chair. He shakes his head. He sneers."- NOW I ASK YOU
<U+2665> Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer. Amen. <U+2665> 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this, will YOU? <U+2665>
miss you guys too! Hookah soon? #iPhones <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Damn that #acuransx is the truth I can see myself riding in that
#hastac2011 If we need more collaborative work, do we need to learn skills of translation between specializations? How?
Hey, go here.. www.twitter.com/history_repeats, www.myspace.com/historyrepeats,www.facebook.com/#/pages/History-Repeats/137814635494?ref=ts
Boating through the Inland Waterways of France - Travel Presentation Thursday at 7:30pm (presented by Neil & Joan Malling)
lookin damn fine already!!
Want to know if your daughter will be a good mother, then looks how she treats her mom
Zombies, zombies, and more gut eating, brain bashing killer zombies. Does that describe your unpublished novel. Perhaps we can publish it.
Goodnight everyone! !! Be safe out there! !! *muah!
you'll pass!!!
Abs are like tits on guys.
Cloth and Canvas grand opening is April 12th from 5-9…see you there.
I must say.....Peyton Manning is a CLASS ACT!
Our first business tweet! Looking forward to connecting with Indianapolis small businesses wanting to increase sales thru coupon marketing.
Still coming down from #minnewebcon high. Spontaneously laughing and crying. But happy-crying, y'know. Husband & cat taking it in stride.
it's not Friday? sheesh.
Racks on Racks on Racks!!! “: No lie no lie no lie”
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day too you also! Xoxo #FitMoms! RT : Happy Mother's day to you!
you look so hot over there plain on your phone.
Do you have hand cramps from episode 2 yet?
#edumooc getting ready to join the first live chat for the MOOC! will be interesting to see how many will be live online
Haha I'm outtie too! Craziness tonight tho! “: hell no. Too packed and I'm out.”
Massachusetts Ambassadors Welcome Companies New to the Commonwealth at Fourth Annual Corporate Welcome Reception
Love it when God interrupts sermon study. Full blown, one man worship session in the basement.
RT : Skype Launches a Dedicated Network for Teachers
Levi leer Mixtape release & Pastor Troy movie release TONIGHT!!!!! @ #PearlBistro Be there!!!
of course they r
My hubby's taking me to a play tonight! And based on a Jane Austen novel, no less! #datenight #myhubbyrocks cc
Wake yo lazy ass up !
Those are considered "nice" things?
Even when we not grinding... we still grinding
That's what I've heard...a bit of $ and pressure can cause a kid to want to please his parents.
yes, I like that idea! Also maybe lunch or drinks to discuss our progress?
If I just lived in water I'd be ok
so you tweeted 4 hours ago... any chance you could get back on and tweet a happy birthday?
STOP SHOOTIN' NEW YEARS REVOLUTION......LETS RESOLVE TO EVOLVE!!!
Blehhhhh work :p
I'm so self conscious...
Log On : www.discountdw.com . Get free upgrade from double pane glass to triple pane glass for all windows and patio doors
“: RT if you love cupcakes.”
when I'm bored I pierce my ears
Spurs/Clippers game boring.... Changing my channel don't wanna watch Blake Griffin dunk all nite
absolutely thanks
Thrilled and relieved that today's luncheon was a huge success. The speaker was amazing and the guests impressive!
They secretly wanna go, lol.
i mean dis world aint gone eva change daz y i keep my head up an my nutz let em hang
The plan was, to drink until the pains over. But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Thanks for the tip. I love the Book of the Month section. Just what I need to procrastinate on doing what I should be doing!
I'm really hoping a certain someone text, calls or even email me about his payments tomorrow. I don't want to bug his father about it.
: I don't think there's a pot big enough for a giraffe...may you can use a pool
The Cavs are ugly. Look cheap
Optimist at heart...Pessimist in person...Dose that mean my glass is full?
don't forget the vitamins, b. Vitamin b, b. Be on that d too. Fuck these nutrasweet ass rappers on that splenda shit son. Word.
He's awesome to and our kids! :) cc:
i need to invest in a ac.. being cooked alive...
Got to love this Lehigh/Duke game for a great cheer for the underdog. Great play guys.
When I tell someone theyll be "the first to know" Im lying, you guys will be first to know
Opening Day! It should be a National Holiday, IMO. Go #Padres!
making chicken soup
Mfs Always Got Something Negative To Say. Tf, Just Shut Yo Ass Up, Nobody Asked For Ur 27 Cents. Weak Ass Nigga.!
am I way out of the loop? Where are you moving?
cant take it no more
Really dont want to go to school today...
"My mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat When you start to walk my way I forget where I am cant find words to say"
Feeling like a zombie today.
Good morning! ^-^
Hines Academy in Milwaukee CLOSED Tuesday-heating issues.
has his garage painted like an NHL goal because he is always driving straight to the net! Nice Work Kid!
hey I sent you an awesome bootleg of "Dynasty" on SoundCloud! Hope you will spin it!
My bestfriend is a superhero ;D <33
If you rely on your friends to make your decisions,
is the "kindle lighted cover" worth $60? i'd like a light for it, sure, but it's almost as expensive as the device itself...
yeah gurl. Ill see you, l8r :D
Ventura and Los Angeles jazz fans follow
I want a regular boy .
Final paper submitted!!
We're building out our Twitter community. Any suggestions for strong voices on Foster Care, Intergenerational Living or the Elderly?
The USA misses you!!
2 Strip lights for rim lights & the mola beauty dish worked great for fitness guru, William
i wear my heart of my sleeve
dude...is that the "Big Tree"?
Thank you for the tweet!
Tell people to follow me.(:
Incredibly cute that the redbirds won baseball's trophy thingy.
tyler thinks im such a fat ass i bet.
Bill Bishop's book The Big Sort foretold the severe divisions of opinion in U.S.
Friends left, now im bored again. Send me some good websites for fun
Is it just me, or has Raw been kinda weak? is a fucking hack, and all in all it's been a kinda dull show...
How many of you are walk-in ET's? How many of you have been inside an ET spaceship? How many of you are parents of hybrid, ET children?
Gave a talk on China. Really fun and gave me an opportunity to hand out brochures. Always selling!
The Silk Tie likes Chris! Ever choke anyone out in a ring with a tie? thesilktie.com
I just finished Chest , shoulder & triceps , it's my 5th week , It was really hard!!!
I just saw that you replied lol! Yes we definitely should have met up by now. What's your schedule like?
:-) thanks that made my night
Really need to spend some time at The Chrysler Museum. Soon. Anyone else been? What was your favorite thing there?
IMO they should share FOY. MT Perhaps this is a sign: Trey Burke & Cody Zeller share Big Ten's final Rookie of the Week award
where is that at?
Allegations of bias against gay jurors in a SD courtroom, Judge is "shocked" by a prosecutor's behavior.I'll have more 6pm
at the risk of sounding cheesy, seeing the scope of it all makes me misty-eyed. Just a little :)
Glad to see you guys working together. You both do great, great work.
monsieur Pierre
working on getting my mayorship back
you're off the air again!
Skrillex as the 100th greatest guitarist... nice move, Spin.
Jesus. You make me look like an armless stepchild.
CAYOOOOT. he was tall
- Hope you enjoyed!!!
strengthening, 44 years to grow strong, Kathy is going to pay a heavy price for doing this style of parenting. Danika is strict but
Every parent can benefit from signing up with They offer a great free service to track recalls on all your baby gear....
Really such a thought provoking question for me RT : Would you rather have a repin, like or comment on pinterest?
haha well drama has Been following me around but not in a bad way tho !!
deal. You're locked in
Company's coming at 4. Is that too late in the day to start mimosas?
$69 and some change! This may be the least Ive spent in Whole Foods and i think I have enough for the week! Used coupons and my own bags
thanks a lot, & also 4 'getting' my attn 2 visual design :)
you're right, there's another label for it but it's inappropriate
Does visibility ensue change? I'm not saying no, but the chain of [re]action must be traced, or we get
Brand new high school and Baptist church in Cedar Creek are now burning.
Wow Carol! That's more below the belt than my Mama Drippy Jugs' nipple rings!
Thanks! Sometimes add beets too :) RT : That looks SO good! Love the addition of carrot puree!
_yeager as well
RT : !! The pizza is magnifique!! RT : What is the best late night place to grab a bite to eat...
no who-ville party for you
Check me out Tweeps!! I got some new eyes & these fancy antenna's... & sure know how to make me feel manly
takin the firefighters exam today!! wish me luck
im advanced to.... im in 10th... lol
RT : Today, you're capable of anything. Don't you forget it.
Brand new weed , brand new high
Ooh, tell her congrats. Did her mexican friend become a statistic and get pregnant?
I really hope my visit to the emergency dentist today doesn't interfere with my drinking plans for tonight and the rest of the weekend.
Best of luck to Davis, Jones, Kidd-Gilchrist, Teague, and Lamb in the #NBA draft. Go Cats!
my home and native land : ), don't get there often enough.
Gotta love sunday funday!!!!
Keep your phone in your holster. No excuses! I'm serious dammit!
“: ABC has canceled Pan Am, GCB, Missing and The River. Details to come... #Upfronts” The bloodshed starts! No one is safe!!
Gearing up for a great week! Speeches in RHE101, Bush & Obama in Presidential, & the play THE MISER W-Th-F-Sa at 8pm at
Excuse me, while i kiss the sky. Do do doo.
“Sometimes I’m terrified of my heart; of its constant hunger for whatever it is it wants. The way it stops and starts.” <U+2015> Edgar Allan Poe
Needa get my own car so I can get up &d leave when I feel !
Ahh..very cool. Thanx for encouragement. We pride ourselves with real lawyers handling the documents, yet online convenience.
The New Orleans Swampers!
Man woke TF up with a huge bump on my face..
The Black Album is my favorite album by Jay-Z cold as hell :)
Happy birthday!
Dentist appiont...this is when i finally get all my complete braces on
Will do! And likewise with Jess et al!!
. . . Pair it with a pint of Rohrbach's. Vanilla Porter & Highland Lager are on special during Happy Hour today, Scotch Ale is...
sounds like something I need to get my hands on! Is it online or is it a book?
apparently we missed the corsette memo tonight
scoreboard where you at
Thank you, Madison! Go see THE AVENGERS if you haven't seen it yet!
Aw, I wish I was out there with you guys! Hope you're having fun (and being fabulous) at #RSAC :)
and lottes elbow...
nice meeting u last night!! Bravo;)
Let's go have a drink.
agreed. blue jeans is pretty nice. video too.
Most common lineup last year had Revere, Casilla, Mauer, Cuddy. Can't pay 2nd batter $23M.
Ew. Mom just asked if she wanted a pearl necklace. Luckily we are at target
Open All Week, New Years Eve Til 10pm, and New Years Day For Brunch. Come by and ring out 2011 with awesome specials, cocktails and friends
If anyone sees ask her what baby pigs sound like when they're getting picked up. Funniest thing of my life. #loveyoubabe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Queen Latifah has beautiful hair!!!!!
oops! we'll fix.
Could you walk with me if I gave you my foot ?
lmao is it just you guys there
yes we are!!!!! Just want them to keep it up :)
An excited group of little girls are walking into their first Girl Scout meeting at Positive Tomorrows right now!
I know yeahh. They're just so adorable and funny! I love it XD
Photos are up. W.colonialsphotosByjen.shutterfly.com
Well done, Browns. Maybe you are turning things around. Maybe.
ive been hungry since 10... I know I need to eat something soon
Op Ivy avi. Instant follow.
Looking for a contractor in Metro #Milwaukee? Check-out 's Fall Home & Remodeling Show this weekend at State Fair Park!
Apologies for my recent lack of tweets. New job, visiting friends - I'm making an effort to get back in the Twitterverse ASAP!
Just got the second installment of Omar Daniel's new piece and it looks great! Can't wait to record it on sunday.
Hello chica!! How is Law school? What year is this for you?
im so happy now itunes is gettin fixed
cious to waste.
Okay! Want to have cute Alemily moments later? I need to watch TSC too, tonight. lol
can I wrap up and Team #GTTR and give Them as a gift for mothers day to my Mom
Genius, wish I'd thought of it RT Guess Bowlsby is more fitting B12 commish than Nationalchampionsby /
omg i seriously need to stop watching HGTV i just wanna buy a house!!
Sad to be missing #phillyETE this year.
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” RIP Steve Jobs
I'm so scared
lmao at wiz...radio dude:"so your not a pop rapper?" wiz:" ha yea im a pop rapper...i pop up and make 5 million"
still, really dope list nonetheless.
do u know where i can find more info about him friends ryan and chaz ? tnks a lot
Thanks Cindy. I've made it as far as Denver. :-)
Doritos Loco tacos >>>>
no worries; you're a natural.
I have enjoyed the series done by Coach Colson!
After skimming, I plan on reading more of your blog.
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love
how can you won when you only get 2 hits since the 2nd inning? Sorry, but White Sox pitchers are not that good.
OMG YOUR BRACES ARE COMING OFF IN 8 WEEKS! #YEE excited and upset :)
what exercise/food/health blogs do you follow? would love to know...
Congrats on being one of the most innovative events pros according to Biz Bash!
plzzzzzzzzz follow me!!!! :)
Last day at dowling for 9 months. I'm so excited.
So tell me why you tryin to ignore love in your life?
Oh no! Can we help?
Come see us in Newark! We're here 'til 5 today. No appt. necessary for optical. 100 High St. 315.331.5721. New patients get 30% off glasses
Love your show, hi Ruthie!
I'm gonna lay outside. Hopefully I get some color.. -_- too white.
If I was da heart of some of these ppl I would kick 1 of ur lungs everytime u didn't follow my lead bc I'm that part of u that knows God lol
oh yes I did! Give me a month & it will debut.
Oh wait, sidenote...we need to talk about Orlando lol.
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $49.7 US, just shy of the $50 million mark! What a triumph!
DRINK SOMETHING THEN...THATS ALL WE NEED IS DEHYDRATION AND A HURT WRIST....
Please don't make me wait another year for cannoli!
The Knicks can no longer piss me off! Goin for the homeboy Durant. DMV stand up! Let's go OKC
Totally! It is hard to do. I love, love, love my stylist , her name is Mayleen. In case your up for a
Thanks bro! Good to be here.
I keep hoping that the next time Roger Goodell appears on stage, he comes along tap dancing.
do I really want to listen to all 24 CDs of Arguably by Christopher Hitchens? maybe someone can tell me which disks are best?
Hi, man, its been so busy. Hope everyone had a great weekend.
i don't see "you better pay him in rubles! Thomas robs the Russian!!" anywhere on my Jack Edwards Bingo sheet...do you?
has been working hard on a new special! Let Italian Steak Fridays begin!
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :) :)
Also today on the show: #JonathanVilma sues #RogerGoodell, #NFL news and a weekend of #Marlins and #Yankees baseball.
I will b at the DETROIT LIONS game tomorrow! Let's get it Calvin Johnson!
Help students build a digital portfolio
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it. - George Halas
put mckenry at first????
feel better soon, eat some seaweed!
I will be fascinated to hear all about what's going on… :)
#Dragonlaunch Watching the SpaceX launch. The next big step in US space exploration.
I have a twitter crush on and strongly recommend that y'all follow him. He puts the yay in mayor.
I Can Make A Good Aszx Lie Out Da Truth.,! I Hate Lying 2 Be Like So Nxxt Year
Thanks for following! Tell me more about your skincare products?
thank you! (:
I feel in abundance need to drive really really fast, it's probably about time to hide my keys
#ThankYou for the recommend! We are about the power of creative expression and how it creates a world of peace (via )
was the father of Jesse, father of David. 18This is the line of Perez: Perez begot Hezron, 19Hezron begot Ram, Ram begot #Torah 97/99
If you would like to submit art to be reviewed by Art Attacks please send a link to your work to .
Mine: within 5 min of saying team should learn cheers song live on air... They sang it on plane. Awesome.
The neighbors mad me mad. So I ran across the street & pee'd on their Sunday paper Will be interesting when they read it at the donut shop.
I want to see in Minneapolis on 5/20!
Any store or event with the words “Kountry” or “Kraft” in it is going to be painful.
Hoping the wifi signal in the conference hall is stronger than in my room
dru is making my twitter i feel special
So excited the spring is here and we had a mild winter. Looking forward to marchmadness, spring and summer tours. #furthur & #phish!!!!!!!!!
Who would win in a fight. The chick from Resident Evil vs. The chick from Underworld?
Four hour games every night
Audre Lorde~ Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge.
If you were to die tomorrow, what would you differently today?
OK, the #VW #Passat commercial with the little kid in the shopping cart car? Too cute.
Lebron takes a seat like a spoiled lil NBA brat that he is. He expects all the calls
I would love to bed asleep right now. -__-
Tourists and locals alike scream for Lee’s Boston Cream Pie Cupcakes. If you’ve never had one, you gotta try one. Or two.
It's too eaaaaaaarrrrrrllllyyy.
When a guy gets out of the car and walks across the street to get away from his girlfriend while sitting at a stop light >
Looking forward to my brothers retirement party today at Scott AFB 20+ yrs in
This burrito from is good, but it sure is filling.
Good ears RT : Song that's stuck in my head now? It's #1 on iTunes - Fun. "We Are Young"... reminds me of a memory.
All right, with that play, I think Bryce Harper and the Nationals are officially can't miss television. Wow
Unnerving toddler quote of the day: "Sara, bring me a knife!"
Rest in peace Adam "MCA" Yauch. You'll be greatly missed! Thank you for all of the great memories and great music.
Oh, baby why do ido that to you?
“: Just think what you do with putting junk and box together." haha
m that sounds fun
I feel like all my problems were toppled on-top of each other and recklessly knocked over....
you are so right!!!!! PRICELESS!!!
I'm going to come to you're house & cut you're throat
But an article on archaic terms we still use to describe actions we no longer do is long overdue!
Happy birthday ! MOM :D :') special day ! <3 #happybirthdaypattie ! <3
I won't look back once i walk away
Time for bed! Work,then home in time for more hockey #nevergetsold Goodnight All!
So we know you just left here but now that you've had time to recover, you should so check us out!
famous last words
“: You're my bestfriend because i wouldnt dare to be this weird with anyone else.” <3
As Vonnegut said of book indexes in Cat's Cradle. Which reminds me - Ice 9 is the Web.
I'm working on that lol RT : you should write a book... Lol
who you telling? I'm on call Friday and Saturday this week & that's it -__-
It was absolutely epic to see Favorite New Country Star October 2010 presenting on the AMAs - They're going places kids!
yea its great I'm all about twitter these days anyway
just got homee... going shopping (:
According to Einstein, absolute truth depends upon one's view point. Correct, but how does one's point of view come to be?
also everyone, is our favorite person over at Gone Movie today. Thanks Sarah!
RT Laughter is the corrective force which prevents us from becoming cranks.~Henri Bergson
I accept
That's right! Watch or Sacramento!
SeaTac is the best and I know that Park-N-Ride of which you speak!? Can't wait to see you in Vegas in April!
“: #Leo needs a strong partner to help keep them in line.” yes cause I tend to be a bit crazy at times <U+263A>
#HealthTip : The American Heart Association recommends eating Vitamin E rich foods to reduce the chances of developing heart disease.
The "article economy" has not materialized - Beebe.
Getting up early always makes me feel like more of an adult. Wish I had the motivation to do this everyday.
i can't take him seriously as a human.. he's just not very convincing.
Also there is a difference between respecting KU, and rooting for them. I respect them, they're a great team. Just another hoops game to me.
Yay! Thank you :-)
sorry I can't be there next Sunday but good luck w your soup!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the neighbor boys start singing Baby by Justin Bieber to you O_o
Survey time, please respond. How late do you drink coffee? Would you come in after six pm? Thanks for the feedback! Fresh Black Mamba NOW!
will do!
hTat's so funny. I loved Labyrinth but never really cared for the Dark Crystal.
lol i just tweeted this to
what did you get?
#Editing is the secret word of today kids
Hold on with Faith and nothing is impossible...
Rev up the 4 wheelers, it's muddin time..
22 hour drive from Nola to NY with Lezz do this
Yes, "viral" content indeed. Not the way they intended.
If you think branding is hard work...get it wrong and see how hard re-branding is
I want cookies. What kind should I get? Nom nom nom. -- Jonathan
S/O to my Publicist
9 o'clock why u no be here yet hurry!
Well that's good!! :D haha got any cool plans for the summer?? Like any vacations or anything?
"Even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid, for you are close beside me." Psalm 23:4
And it's the end of another successful week! My eyes are ready for a break from the computer screen :)
my total workout time per week is currently < 3 hrs.
Over 3 billion people live on less than $2 a day. Could you?
What kind of mother decides to get a colonoscopy the day after Mother's Day?
got to
"THE LIMIT DOES NOT EXIST!"
Cool. We'll check it out!
Looks like chgo winter is finally here. Cue the complaints from ppl from the south...
Awww, I had to cut Dave Matthews and John Mellencamp (No Cougar) from the playlist. What a shame.
Mavs have a lot of new pieces and no training camp. Growing pains were inevitable. They've gotten their wake up call. Not worried.
Its like damn IM NOT GON TXT U BAC !
#KSsynapse Monteggia: In several behavioral models of depression & stress, low-dose ketamine rescued depression-like phenotypes in rodents.
Lmaoooo, my grandma just called rice crispy treats, vanilla rice.
Will they post the T-Plush conference online? Where can a guy see this.
next is the Oscars, Cows and the slots... don't know which order.. LOL
Like things because you legitimately like them, not because somebody else tells you that you should like them.
I know right! 8D
I dont see how btches do it
:) I'm doing all right, trying to keep busy and waiting for softball to start! how bout yourself?
Dang there they go again
Had my first conversation with a Canadian who finishes sentences with 'eh' and wearing a jewish 'chai-pod' shirt
looking forward to it
Power in numbers - group blogs mean each person has to write less, blog gets more exposure.
follow me then
Couple of hours and my girlfriend will be in Nashville. For good. Or, at least til we find another place to work and live in.
I love seeing my kids happy
Thanks man!
I sure hope this is a good indication of our season. Go Skins! With you all the way!
On my way -SF for my show tonight. "Live In San Francisco" Starts at 9pm, pt. SF is so beautiful this evening. I have the coolest job! LM
i ship you with louis, you look kinda like eleanor:) x
Affirm that everyday is and will be a good day!
Night everyone
sorry I got bounced out - forced reboot of my computer due to software updates :( Hope you guys kept the fun going without me :)
#MyWeakness ; Food :D
Thanks! Hope you're having a BLAST in Wicked! And thanks for telling me about She's amazing.
too sketchy,
...I can't stop saying #kettlecorn in a high pitched voice. Scared.
feel dorky saying it, but I am so proud of you. You are super cool. :-)
Wheeler: Key to IU's etextbook strategy: publishers make more, students pay less. If faculty opt in, students pay content fee
Congrats to Roger Woods who became Big Apple Brits 500th member and got a $500 voucher to the BAB store! Wait til our 1000th member sign up!
RT : #DPLA unveiling 1st DPLA platform at #dplawest now. They're hoping developers build apps to do fantastic stuff on it
now that my rebel xt dies and i don't have any expenses lenses, maybe it is time to switch from #TeamCanon to
omg they lied about changing lololol
For some reason I want to be good friends with you
isn't that cool? thx for the RT So curious as to where he is now!
believe it!!!
I've decided that I might just take daily manual labor jobs off of Craigslist all summer
Where is that shit @???I hate putting things away when I'm Drunk cuz I end up hiding it fm myself!!!
If you put a frequent twitterer on a list to get them out of your timeline, do you have to unfollow them? Seems a shame.
Getting ready for Kelsey's birthday party. Theme is this year. w00t!
WHAT ARE YOU ON.
What's your favorite frosting? Milk Chocolate Fudge Frosting? Cream Cheese Frosting? Or Buttercream Frosting?
CHOICE.....ONE OF YOUR MOST POWERFUL ASSETS..CHOOSE TO EMPOWER YOURSELF WITH CHOICES YOU MAKE....live, love, laugh, learn, care, give, hope
hahaha complete ultimate fuckery to the fullest extent!!! I'd literally leave the country.
Happy National Dance Week www.nationaldanceweek.org pass it on!
I'm not stubborn. I'm just eclectic.
#Productivity is the easiest way to be indispensable in your work. How much time could you save if you knew your desktop programs better?
Swear to you that I started studying Spanish at 2:30 this afternoon....12 hours later and I finally feel so solid about this 8 am.
amen, girl amen <U+E427>
yea freddie thomas
it was all
I'm presenting on Ancestral Praxis and Computer Science Learning towards communal wellness #aera2012 increased focus on
Had a great shoot today with the cast and crew of "The Hardest Love"!!! Thanks to All! What great fun! ;)
RT : Save on all inclusives, family vacations, Las Vegas and more also let me feel your #vacation needs
Happy Cinco de Mayo to the #LTDArmy! Can't wait to see you all at the "Unrest in the Midwest" stoner rock festival in Geneva, OH tonight!
haha <U+E417> he loves us!!! But mostly me <U+E405> lol jkjk
Soda tax? I don't think anyone would give up their drinks for ONE additional CENT!
or 'bottoms up' :P
What do you mean?(:
lol, aw I love you too slut
We think people who don't use turn signals should probably make sure they have good life insurance coverage!
what's wrong with being hyper? RT : Wow! I think I've gone a bit over board with the caffeine today! I might start going crazy!
hmm. must have been from the Snuff Convention.
where at? What time? Yeah I'm interested lol
INTERESTED IN BEING PROMOTED AT THE #FREECITIMEDIA IN JULY AUMA EDTION HIT US UP FOR MORE INFO **SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY**
Just started and I love it. But I can't decide what my first book request should be!! Any suggestions?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
RT : "Nothing is quite as funny as the unintended humor of reality." -Steve Allen
At least production crew came to Great Neck this summer & took aerial photos of Fitzerald's home & area said to be West Egg.
I'm glad you have standards.
tweet that pic!
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!
Nurieza, and Araceli. Love your photos on your facebook. Thanks for liking Booksicals! Happy and Healthy New Year!
Thanks! I just saw this. I don't understand this twitter business. How are you?
MEMPHIS IS MOVING TOO SLOW FOR ME! ITS TIME FOR A CHANGE!
#fridayreads audio: Horizon by Lois McMaster Bujold (book 4 of the Sharing Knife Series). Yes, it's a re-listen, can't help myself!
So I started using Tumblr. I feel like my social life is slowly dissipating... Or any life at all
living. being a human. listening to where i need to be...
How is the social media/perfume business lately?
Why isn't the #indians game on tv today???
so crazy is this thing we call "love".
I know theres a really good reason I don't engage in productive behavior until 9:31 pm on sunday night… I guess I'll figure it out later.
so hows the weather in brooklyn
the IMF and G8 continue with there debt terrorism. a new cable to speed trade by a 6 milliseconds = 100bil annually! sounds like looting
my weekend bouta be the ish
if u do get lost, visit us by the registration table to learn some things about old cell phones
Who has my birthday tweet "11:17" :)
actually i wish i didnt care at all
it has been awhile. How's life and ?
heheh do it :) u get someone famous following youh hehehehe
On my way to work
yes :( make me happy :)
If only and I could be #Alphamale's. :(
both? No need to move the boys.
Idk Its Just Something About Her I Don't Like ! I Respect Her But I Just Don't Like Her /:
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning when people wake me up for no reason
yes there is bro, im just happy to #PayItForward now
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself a fool.
Center watching my Nephew Isaac play at 1st intermission of Robert Morris & Ohio State
RT I'm pretty sure it's drive like a dickhead day. #getoffmyass Well put! Morons, more off than on.
ok I trying to get in on some conversations..u r the only person I tweet with
if hits another before june i will really be shocked
PAHAHA...TWITTER...Y U NO HELP ME STUDY?!
what time?Can we send in question to ask our leaders?
Ops! I don't have the download. Been listening from stream. Dang!
no, I connect in JFK.
Thank you! Will keep that in mind as I've only been up to Sonoma so it'll be my first time to Napa when I visit
Hurry up and give us a new song carly! <3
proud of you JB; keep working at it and be true to yourself ! how is the food over there ? You not losing weight ? lol
i was going to text at the red light, but it turned green as soon as i got there.
When says "My friend" >
oh shoot!
our NEW WEBSITE will be release tomorrow. It will also feature video tech charts from blackops!!!
If I am this tired moving at 35, I must make this my forever home!
Thanks for joining me from guys
Ok I tried... again... I just can't get into the new 90210 at all
And If She Talkin Slick . #HEADBUTTTHATHOE Just Cause She Aint Bout That LIFE !
the lady had me HYPE ova da phonee doee .. made me feel less of a BUM lol
I like you, Alot.
Heading to the mall
Awww. Welcome back stateside, cuz! I wanna hear all about it!!
Break legs & the rest of the cast in 's , opening tonight !
Haha alright in that case - Wimpy Kid, Dork Diaries, Big Nate, Magic Tree House...
I LOVE mac miller <3
it's seriously liberating!!!! And i don't catch myself wasting time looking at other peoples drama! :-)
Hey - I need to send you an email related to SW, but I seem to not have your address anymore. How should I reach you?
I'm gonna punch you in the gooch, Chris. ME and Zac! Duh! ;)
thx for our talk. #uncc's library redesign has been a hit: flexible furniture+white boards+connected study rms=inc collab&study
sorry man late on your bday.. but Happy bday! We all need to make a trip to NYC again and chill with you!
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites! Come follow us on twitter to receive special promotions!
My nail tech pimpin the sh*t out me. I went in 4 Diamond gel refill she send me out with the refill & diamond ring.
Martin Leach set to apparently give us a BROADacious (sp?) talk at
What are some tricks for making big decisions?
Can it just be Thursday yet?
The weather lately is even more schizophrenic than usual for Seattle. What's next? Locusts? Fire and brimstone? Actual cats and dogs?
Sorry, no, I only got one, and I'm keeping it.
My Lil bro is fuckin nasty
Don't forget about ! She stresses getting fiscal house in order to accomplish goals, motivate philanthropy
So is this weather coming or not?!?
Close to signing a deal with the Pats apparently
daughter.-b Don’t go to glean in another field. Don’t go elsewhere, but stay here close to my girls. 9Keep your eyes on the #Torah 34/99
Am I missing out on something having not read Fifty Shades of Grey?
yeah saw that. Where are you? I'm with group just below bar. Standing.
Depends, I guess? When did you see her last?
's spelling bee team out in R4 on "phlegmatic." fell to "penitence." R5: down on "verisimilitude"
Jake Cody and Sam Trickett Lead European Poker Awards Nominations
It's Friday!
RT Boost bar and diet coke , that shud wake me up :)
it's only been 373 days between tweets
That makes a "sad panda."
follow me !! (: i follow too
Good idea! :-) RT Touché ! Let's split time between both
So glad I got to meet you. Hope (both!) your speaking gigs were equally awesome. ;)
I disagree.
Our initiative will focus on the high schools with the largest concentrations of low-performing students to accelerate their success.
Online right now. Lake Shrine has mediation services on Sunday mornings- look into it. I've gone.
Only 15 mins until that great new #MothersDay tradition: The 3 hour season finale / wrap up of
Thanks for the 17 notifications, #Alphascope. Glad you're on top of things.
I got fat while I was in Miami :-( lol
And another happy birthday to Des Roar drummer/vocalist Lyla Vander - We don't wanna do you harm, we just wanna burn your name in our arm.
Life is short, think less and do more.
haha, nice. I had an ipod, but then it died:(
I love my daddy and momma I'm so spoiled lol but I deserve it :))
where you at?
the best day, lots & lots of love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
that would be Hartman wouldn't it? Use to be. Was with LA for a bit then in KC b4 Dallas. Also known as "el gato"
LMFAO ! This guy in the cafeteria was dancing..i think you can call it. it was hilarious!.
Feeling very sexy right now...
Im ok... lots to say, just not here. Lol Monday?
Sometimes I want to be optimistic, but every time I get too excited about something it never goes the way I hoped. Too emotional for this!
I try not to think about it to..long..I just Do the darn thang..it makes progress so much easier. ~Stacey Chatman~
Working on Cannibelle Christmas photos, doing laundry, and listening to anime while I work. Wonderful day!
Dear , You should follow me :). Pleasee?(: . I promise to be a true mahomie. Forever and always <3 -me(:
Hey....I heard you like the wild ones......
Starks is a hot mess today.
Rebecca's House of Coffee only place in a 100 miles 103 South Main Street, Elk City, OK 73644-5743 no website
Thanks for the #TT!
lmao! I know right!
The London Crew is back
How does one still have hs football dreams where he forgets his locker combination?
thanks I'm gonna stay on the hunt. I suspect there may be more to it.
Something tells me they're not going to show the replay of the check swing.
Just revisiting the idea that "I hope Brian appreciates UK". Nothing specific. Rambling tweet :)
Thank you for the mention and follow... XOXO <3
Also heard that Deerfield School District will be working with teachers on their handbook.
I hope the okc/mavs first round matchup stays put..
Damn, the game has me all charged up! Giants are Beasts!
Sweet bandana. It's a good look for you.
Then you need to do what you think is good for kids and their learning. Try not to worry about his opinion.
And the Good Rev Joe is just cool w/ those discrimination done in the name of his bigotry hiding behind his version of God?
I've been using clearomizers for about a month, I love em -not sure why people are saying that they are garbage?!?
. I dont think anyone is against micheal bush
Decorating the apartment for next year? RT : Just saw a Crate and Barrel truck and wanted to rob it.
If you score 5 goals in this #soccer league you lose? WWW.ussportspages.com
Wtf I really hate these braces theyre cutting my mouth
today's your day<3 I hope it's the best ever.
They say Andre Johsnon is the best in the NFL - I disagree. #CalvinJohnson is THE MAN. What a year!
so cute!
Subway Work Sinks Prices On East Side Some home buyers are hoping the short-term aggravations of Second Avenue subway construction will n
The sooner gets & JB a better time slot, the better. Best 1-3 hours on radio. Welcome back, Wojey!
yeah why can't I be the guy put the team on my back?
kicking ass and taking names! Life has been good. You?
haha no worries. Portland is painfully far away in June. Happy to reschedule whenever!
Are you still having the workshop/audition in each city your show visits?
Smirnoff is the sh*t.
does anybody know what channel the TCAs are on?
Showerflow in a bit
There's some fucked up people in my town... weirdest experience walking homee!
“Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will. - Nelson Mandela Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela - age 93 today!”
Fuck talkin bout it,just do it....
Thanks to all the young professionals who came out to our event last night at the game!
Ling Out L, right now. :-D
At opening & ribbon cutting for member Freebirds World Burrito in Hillcrest. Welcome to San Diego
Stock up! That's what I'm doing. Just need to figure out where I'm gonna keep a lifetime supply of khaki envelopes... ;)
thank you for your service to are beloved steelers we will truly miss your smile every sunday
Happy Birthday #StevieWonder!!
that's up to Kobe
#Top100Lies "Im Ok""
Dr. Pepper is the shit <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
ate way too much amazing food this weekend...
#NATO protesters throwing rocks at cars... how peaceful of you
"A team with something to play for can be dangerous, but a team with someone to play for is unstoppable."- AR offensive lineman Brey Cook
Popularity and "being cool" stopped mattering just at the age when it consumes a lot of kids.
RT: 24hr Google Wave invite give away! 1000 invites! Follow & RT to get yours!
thanks Brim! Its easy to love your job when you get to work with great people!
We support pets, pet rescues our military apple pie, good coffee and anything with a hot engine!
Let's all make 2011 our best year yet. Greet everyone with a smile. A smile is understood by everyone at every age.
New arrivals on SALE! If your resolutions include being happier,healthier,and more financially responsible we have the right reads for you!
Michael floyd amd larry fitzgerald thats a dangerous combo
"Then don't indirect tweet about me!" Lol, you heard her
Writing, writing, writing. High hopes for the new beginning we're constructing.
you rock!! Thanks for being the driving force behind Junior Nation!
I'm slow.
It's about to go down. Love it.
Or "I'm thinking"... but then it's been years since I started to just "think". I must continue thinking until I see the light.
Ew, gross. Sounds like germ central.
Infinite Jest by DFW. Enigmatic, witty, & enigmatic characters + ensemble. Needed to concurrently use a dictionary
Before I met you, I didn’t know what it was like to look at someone and smile for no reason at all. <U+2665>
Art is human....
So happy for you!
I guess I wasn't good enough for you and I guess I never will be.
20 new followers since yesterday! Thank you!! Maybe we'll reach 200 by the end of the week? Retweet :)
so upset, is literally 20 minutes away from me & i'm @ home....someday i will see them
Irony: Everyone going blind in the year 2020?
I can't believe "Bust it baby" is playing on my pandora right now .... LMAO
We have followers from all the way around the world! A big shout out to our international friends!
our good friend donated his unfinished so we are now getting a full kit made instead of just a snare!
Excellent work Josh.Keith Jones is right.I know it's harsh but I noticed the same things re:Rad.He can't be treated special.
:) thanks boo!
ironic but great that other ppl are better than me at talking about my work :-)
imma be right down the road from you, plus we both have sundays off now?
Post purchase "likes" drive 20% more ticket sales -
I have a love/hate relationship with my hair.
This bitch is high af in class Lmfao.
couldn't open a water bottle so I got a different drink
WorldShare Platform is " flexible, open access to library data through APIs and other Web service"
Yikes. Just left the dentist :0. He's so sweet, lucky for me. Feel like I need a pill of some sort !
Starting my course works today, got loads.
troy murphy sighting smh
naw you wont trust me its the youth service for ages 18-30 yu will be fine i promise
You know there's no such thing as ghosts, right? Or compassionate conservatives?
RT : Part 1 of our big interview with Lance Higdon is coming up at 1:30 pm. Something to take your mind off the rain.
Michelle Obama is speaking in Omaha today.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!!! <3 you miss you can't wait to meet you again in heaven someday
Got another AP test in the morning :P
it wouldn't be a pretty picture, that is for sure! Sorry - see you 2ish at the Meems!
When you're writing, in your head, who are you singing your song to?
Happy Hours on your phone? There's an app for that: www.gotime.com/mobile
Still, it's ouchy.
excuse me I'm trying to find my ball..... this is golf.
I'm the guy that cheats on Beyonce. Buy my album.
Happy Birthday! RT : Oh right! It's Friday! So follow because it is his fucking birthday, and he is the best.
More and more companies are deciding to translate their websites, corporate documents and company services into Spanish. This short...
Stupid #hawaii weather and it's bipolar issues.
Whats this? o.O
The Dark Ages was caused by the Y1K problem
want on campus to celebrate the release of her new book?She's one of the most popular campus speakers in the US, find out why!
RT The Spurs are gonna roll the Clippers.
Via Forrester: "value is not in amassing Facebook fans, it's what you do with them."
Six inch walker - big shit talker .
im just in my room alone shirtless like always oh yea im bout to leave to sleep
. You're not bringing anyone else are you? Like
My only complaints is that Rhodey should have a larger role & that Whiplash was a very weak villain. But hell he sucks in the comics too.
lots of people say this. like half of the people RT : Man, I sure hope Obama is re-elected.
didn't wear the Arodge belt, but if I did it wouldn't have biggest. Them there country boys were out last night.
Hated hated hated hated hated and I don't give a fuck.
The girls could only stand 20 mins of 11/27/97 before I got "carly your hippie music is putting me to sleep." Some just don't understand.
I'm looking to buy a 2009 Chevy HHR. Anyone out there own an HHR?
Goals make analytics useful.
hands down the Exorcist
When I listen to #NeverSayNever and then #Boyfriend it really shows how much you've grown up! :D
Are you a small business owner or an individual needing health insurance? We can help! Email us at or call 719-520-3232!
i have no words i dunno if i can bare to watch
the lounge at is better than mcdonalds playland :-)
Congratulations to on the launch of their redesigned website!
It's my first Mothers Dayy!!! #HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mothers out there. (:
careful with "reality" shows, I heard they are predetermined
Dear radio stations, you do realize there are more than just 5 songs in the world, right?
Ha! RT : Blackberry crashes for umpteenth time and when it reboots, Bing app mysteriously loaded.
I'M CHASING A DREAM THAT ONLY GOD KNOWS THE TRUTH IF IT COMES TRUE
your welcome! You deserve it dude! :)
I always get a warm reception where I go because I allow people to miss me.
I thought you were cleaning the downstairs sans twitter? want a takeaway?
hope the meet is tomorrow so i can run my, 100, 200 & 400! and do the long jump! :D
yeah girl
When there's 2 minutes left in the #bruins game. Im going to randomly call all my Bs fans friends...just to be a dick!!
cant sleepp, out and about.
Newsflash: The forum on faith communities and environmentalism on 3/27 at 7pm has been postponed until a June date TBA
#Sony finally restoring service, #PSN users must upgrade firmware and reset passwords!
#Greatfood is like great sex, the more you have the more you want
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT : I just can't get into that tech-pop shit coming from r&b acts just to stay relevant.
good night
American soccer broadcasters need to get cameras, angles right to show us MLS tifo. I feel cheated and match from Jeld-Wen hasn't started.
Isn't NY soo amazing their pizza and hot dogs are legit!(: Hope your having fun!
You are the only person standing in YOUR way!
I know I missed TX
D3 loses by a larger score. Both teams have a lot to build on.
iPhone 5: What rumors are true about the phone and what rumors are false? Tonight on FOX 9 @ 9PM.
#FACT ": I'm only perfect on days that end with "Y"
RT - With the 123rd pick Team Lee selects Rashad Jennings Running Back Jacksonville Jaguars
Mwah thanks! You pitched in with that envelope tutorial, too. :)
I'm a good anon. xD
"My kind of team Charlie, My kind of team!"
Me too! :As a new reviewer e-galleys were the main reason I wanted an e-reader. Almost a professional rec.
Hey MASA! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
good job Matt ! Great listen
Q: In the last 6 months, how many of those FB pages have you returned to? A: 6-10
AND THEY INSTRUCT WELL ON HOW TO DESCRIBE SEX SCENES IN NOVELS
Yesterday, the tricksters were out in full force! We had several calls for help. We donned on our Superhero costume and saved the day!
When I mean massive I mean REAL big like one with an island for the valuables.
Think happy thoughts.
Tomorrow is gonna be a year since I met my idol and inspiration, Oh my goodness. I'm gonna cry!
1 headphone: BoyFriend other headphone: One Time<3
6:20 am flight, don't do it. Onwards
Bruce at the Garden in April is a must!
Quit spam tweeting me! It's mean!!!
Good Morning! We are so thankful for all the rain yesterday! It's absolutely a beautiful cooler day today! Did it rain where you are?
haha, I told you! But no now I live in Orlando. Arbor Ridge isn't the same anymore though.
its aliens shit happens
RT : thinking about our friends in Japan. xx Anna
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Living in Chicago and not having a car, I'd totally forgotten about truck stops. And their bathrooms.
what's the product strategy for #DBMS technology that incorporates the entire InterWeb? The only difference is scale :-)
Nice - Thx man!!
To that end, I want the time-stopping power of the half-alien girl from late 80s masterpiece Out of This World.
I jut love when my two year old cousin tries to take a shower with me
wait ok stop all the ali drama did joSH DO A TWITCAM WUT
: Very sorry, but that is playing at the , not
this movie The Janky Promoters wit cube , mike epps nd jeezy is funny as hell
“: brillion up 1...30 seconds ledt” your so nervous u can't type
we need more lemon pledge!
Happy Friday Tweeter. Happy #b-day Mr.
S/O to You have great Assets
you went to a Mexican restaurant on Cinco de Drinko. Blame yourself guru, blame yourself!
Or drop in a hazelnut Cadbury egg. RT : I may have to try 2 peeps next time, because right now this coffee tastes like sh*t.
“: Only 15 minutes left to enter our weekly #Giveaway! Answer today's #trivia correctly and you could #win! (trivia in Packrads)
Rat pack party! Join us 4/19, 6 - 9 p.m. Bleu Velvet: new cocktail debuts & cigars that Blue is introducing! RSVP
Remember remember the 5th of November.
love you too!!
lol thay dont mean squat! Whats his name? Age? And whats he like? He treating u like a queen? Do he hang in the streets?
Why do we love the ppl that hurt us and hurt the ppl that love us it should be the other way around
Losing hope of Austin finally noticing me/following. A year is a long time.
Do I get more Klout???
When its late & convinces you to buy Vegas bombs and says paying covers for random girls is a great idea
Didnt go to class this week. Its only the first week !
Have a gr8 three days. How's glenn's leg? Is he doing his rehab?
watching tv so bord :(
went to some hole in the wall empanada place. Was not too bad at all.
Quick-fix kale recipes, anyone?
Looking for #ThingsToDo in #Clearwater? TONIGHT at "ANCHOR ATLANTIC" LIVE 8-12am!
Thank you for yesterday's RT!
haha i had two and sold them both so i could buy xbox games. They're only like $60.
Great Healthy Eating article in about and our "La #Salud en Tu #Cocina" program.
We have a large collection of Chinese books on our lower level, and we do have some bilingual books as well.
Thank you, Amy! I've been turning SNAP story angles around and around in my head all day.
where do you go?
#MPF12 Firms spend a lot of money on branding and spend all their enthusiasm. They run out of gas before they've had a first mtg w/ anyone.
"I hope you have a child just like you! You little bastard!" #ThingsMyMotherSays LoL
do you have any pictures of the dress to share?
If you've always wanted a KelTec PF-9, I'm selling mine with an extra magazine. DM for particulars.
Hi there! Understand we have a common interest in Romare Bearden! Looking forward to chatting next year!
you're transferring?!
it's a group
Always make stock in a large quantity and freeze it in plastic bags.
hello Justin from VA Beach, VA!
It's such a good thing to see true ICONiacz and GRANDerz obsessing over the ICONic Boyz and vinny like the first time
When I go home, its an easy way to be grounded. You learn to realize what truly matters. Tony Stewart
are you sure? Cus people are telling me different things..
#WordPress #Tools Codebox – Creates a side scrolling box for displaying code snippets.
I hope not!
That akward moment when your BF/GF see's a sexy/hot guy/girl while being with you and he/she's like "Woo s"
Time to purchase #MLBatbat BEST mobile app out there.
Want to thank everyone that came to Posh and Mirage last night to see Wale and to celebrate the VSU step show after party!!!!
so are 99 year old great grandma's ! Not as sexy but definitely kewl !
movie marathon with 1st up..Silence of the Lambs!
that was soo gross!!
#Way2Go!! RT : Michael Smith should immediately advance to the next round. Made the correct call on KG illegal screen that never...
Watching the minute hand , frozen silent not moving.
#Cats was awesome!!! You guys did amazingly!!! Great, great job y'all!!!(:(:
Good luck with the new car.Nissan makes a good product.
I'm headed to 3yr old's Bday today, will try 'the Oprah' out on him. RT “: Every time I give someone a gift I yell like Oprah.”
We have our CD release coming up November 13th! November 15th the CD will go live on all major online stores! (iTunes, Amazon, etc)
subleasing out my one bedroom in midtown Manhattan. who wants to live in the coolest city in the world?
Happiness is an attitude. You can choose to be happy or miserable. The amount of work is the same.
Getting to the point I hope the barn doors fall off and they eat half the cast LOL :P...
what is pep'e
I'm obsessed with Miranda Lambert's new album. Baggage claim is awesome! :-)
Thanks for the follow. I read a couple of your blogs and thought they were excellent--I just posted one on my FB page!
Haha, guilty. I go through phases though.
I honestly don't mind texting you first. I just can't be doing that every single time
twilight won ever thing @ mtv movie awards
if that's the case i say thumbs up to a nap in the office. pretty sure my supervisor would not appreciate that though
I love crying in the rain. because when i do, no one can hear the pain......---
Ya I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Great health tips for baby boomer guys on my health blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
#ronpaul Can win! Watching the Debate Tonight! Big fundraiser for him tomorrow!
My mom when talking about our 3.5 m/o washer that's broken..."You try calling them. You're way more ornery than Adam." Thanks mom...
Complimentary upgrade to a room with air conditioning at the Hyatt Regency Chicago?
Tamron Hall smacks down RW idiot. You go girl!!!!
I like to think of them as Beliebers.
And they lose again...
To the dome
Titanium is often chosen for its longevity, durability, strength, low weight, and corrosion resistance
An entire day of #topgear followed by
Divine sitting behind Clooney.
You Is Not Da Father.,! Here Dis Female Go Crying Nd Running Off Da Stage You Just Said He Was 100% My Babyee Father.,?
glad I'm not the only one -thanks!
#Travel savings available to #Timeshare owners that want out of their contract
Studies show that there is a direct correlation between the amount of time spent on financial education and Net Worth.
Up and running at about 6:30 am. Emailing my client in Isreal. I get such satisfaction helping my clients. This is what I was meant to do.
Oh, here I was deleting cache and cookies and all that good stuff. Hope it gets fixed quickly!
God made man before woman so the man would have time to think of an answer for the woman's first question.
I've been in Vegas all weekend, and I have yet to meet a person who is rooting for Floyd Mayweather tonight
Now wait, which one of you is the REAL perfectionist! :)
Ugh so annoyed.
I was like oh psh maggie I see how it is
Bought coconut milk for my apple cinnamon Cheerios. Yippiee!
Disappointments are just God's way of saying I've got something better in store
#WhyILoveFAMU I met my hubby there, in front of Foster Tanner, during a fire drill, in 98!
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
So fucking close to killing this fucking cat
Proverbs 31:30 ; Wow, that is something. I want to be that kind of woman.
Wedding that's pushing it hun!!!
Amber Ice
#seinfeldderbynames real and fantastic. Phantom spitter. Fat free custard. Chang. Latex salesman. Wear the ribbon
This guy next to me seems to be telling the girl he's with the complete history of WWI.
thank you for sharing this! It sounds like so many stories I've heard.
Really great hearing about FeelRich initiative promoting fitness & nutrition for urban audience
I agree, but many will take every opportunity to disagree with someone they oppose, even for weak reasons.
Can't just tell her, show her.
Mik! you look so BEAUTIFUL in your prom dress <33 i love youu and i am pumpedd for the six flags kick-off concert on JUNE 3RD!
I hate when someone calls you and you and answer theyre like who is this? I'm just like are you kidding me? you called me. annoying. -.-
It's coming soon! :)
You know what ,your talk is cheap just like you .
Life is crazy and if you don't laugh your ass off at most of the idiotic things people do..you may very well turn into an idiot yourself!!!!
Wat r u doing?
Hopefully we have this great of weather for the block party on May 5
Thanks Dina! We love you too.
yes it is - times a-changin' - little sad but also an opportunity.
Need to read the Time Travelers Wife again.
Mardi gras facts on #wisn12 the official colors are purple green and gold. Stands for justice faith and power
Wheat Thins YUM (:
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
Took two core reference classes at Central today. Ask me anything about Health Resources or Children's Reference Materials.
he is my eating partner at night . I hate having dinner by myself and my mom doesn't eat past 5pm .
where? Connecticut possibly...ahah i wish
nevermind, we don't have it!
Yes! I love Pinterest! You?
No human being believes that any other human being has the right to be in bed when he himself is up. R. Lynd Happy Sunday!
I have probably missed a few. The first one I read was Tim Blair's in 2004.
New Obsession: C2O coconut water. It's luxury and healthy hydration in a can.
Relationships are about give and give, not give and take. You know you are with the right person, when they give as much as you.
better follow back p.s. im watching your vid. right now<3
beat me to it.
10 more minute and I'm out the door
-- If you have a tudor/homeschool, every day is like Saturday or Sunday.
Happy Birthday Trey Parker!
Messge me, im bored
Took 2 hours to update my iPhone but totally worth it!
Thank you needs to go out to all the wonderful people at STONG CHILDRENS HOSPITAL AND NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF HEALTH. you know who .you are.
So this Heat team might win in 5, eh
Nothing like the smell of a packed 47 bus during rush hour on a rainy day.
Feel like I need a nap. Gym later. Let's lose five pounds before tomorrow?
Now following ...Hi! Thanks 4 following!
Have a great weekend ! Please extend best wishes for a great weekend on behalf of Central Region
wait...you like him?
should they also have mustard in them?
My 2yo son begs to go to the Aquarium. Turns out he's only into the ramps & escalators.
RT : We lost our 2 cancer yesterday.
much respect to y'all keep pushing music is dope
Got to call that pass interference. C'mon ref
So how did you bring in the New Year?
For many salons, investing into a great internet marketing strategy has proven to be the best investment ever made!
and endoscopy yes. Very ugh.
Had been using m.check.in to plug into multiple location-aware services, now it's gone. Luckily works better (now on Android)
EEk - almost looks like it came stuffed with feet!
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
My pleasure... that was a great post. :) RT : thanks for RT
even if it's just the retina display, that's a hell of an update.
I presume you mean the cabdriving part and not the book-signing part. … Congrats?
GO HARD HE AIN'T BULL SHYTING
You're welcome!
as you should :)
Congrats! Can't wait to hear about it. I should be able to swing by ... see you then!
some body that has officially become a non factor
It feels nice to call you mine <3
haha, true! seems like just yesterday that we were trying 2 figure this crazy Twitter thing out :) hope u guys are well!
20% OFF RED TAGGED SHOES AND APPAREL UP UNTIL SUNDAY 4-29-12
Great voice message @ yer office!
We just use our favorite recipes & add Yummy #cannabis goodness for patients to enjoy!
haha i knew it!
I'm sitting in the car with my seatbelt on
Hi Cedar! :D
Give a tweet tweet for We have tons of great lunch deals for FiDi!
always picking fights you are :)
#WiseWords Suicide,a permanent solution for a temporary problem, Always think before you do something &remember things are gonna get better
Just got done rockin Rockford!!!!
LMFAO this kid is in the back of the car singing along to a song and he don't even no it
well, not me
Woke up this morning and though BEACH TIME!!!!
I agree. This is a mess. Team can't keep playing from behind!!! NEED PITCHING!!!
first OSU safety task force meeting over...members refuse to comment...university spokeswoman says no one will be commenting for now
enjoy your time while u can, the real world can wait!! Trust me. Lol
AM bikram yoga - #dedicated #crazy #crazydedicated?
when are we going to connect and hang out?
Amazing panel at Philadelphia BMA -Channel mnarketers from. Motorola-Subaru- Braun Medical
Can't wait to see I miss those "sessions" w/ her. Lol
I'm going to do the Ashevile half in September. You doing it this year?
Yup there it is...he's wearing the mask
I did it!!! Finished my first 5 k!!!
Thank you, Billy!!
Love isn't a necessity ,still nice to know someone will always be there to hold you down
Albert Fish, Ed Gein, and Dr. Satan are highlighted... Lizzy Borden is also shown briefly
perfect for at home moms...www.millionaireminds.org Free discount texts with an unparalleled opportunity attached
I'm glad you're good. I'm too. Oh, okay. How come? What have you been up to today?
Who and i feel you bro GQ
Someone once asked why I have so many projects. I replied, cuz if I didn't I would lose my mind, LOL!
. has one of the best twitter follower/number of tweets ratios in the game right now.
Good job Croce cut out the Cancer
has the most amazing ideas (:
That actually meant a lot. Thank u so much<3 :)
Saugatuck on memorial day with my friends....
RT if Demetria saved your life. <U+2665>
Seems my bladder still thinks its hilarious to wait until I'm comfortable in bed before voicing it's need to pee.
RT haha, good shit. I think he said he was dropping instrumentals and acapellas for the whole album, I t...
Gave speech today using Pages and found scrolling distracting. What app suggestions do you have for speaking from your #iPad?
Happy Holidays from the Dish :)
Getting a new house in San Antonio.. we've run out of room in this one : )
I love my life, and it is my dream to help you love yours...
please follow me i love u so much
What up big homie!
~ Awww, that's sad! Your heart should always stay open :)
Thanks for following Suburban Cowboys! NEW YEARS EVE at MAVERICKS in MUNDELEIN!!Giving away Brad Paisley tix!
Norfolk State just beat Missouri 86-84 in the NCAA Tournament. Congrats to the MEAC and all HBCU's
According to our unofficial survey, the most attractive people in this city are at In case you need an excuse to show up
On the search for
not sorry you're in the convo at all, but deeply sorry to hear of the cuts.
Sometimes I lay in bed looking at the stars & I wonder... Where is the ceiling?
Portland Public Library hosts the Library of Congress' traveling exhibition in Monument Square. September 2nd&3rd from noon-8:00pm.
We do now!
How do I cancel a quest from Papa Smurf? I accepted it before I realized that it required paid content. Now I'm stuck.
Thank you for having my collateral question answered. Much appreciated!
Actually, you can email our GM Nick at - We will need some info about CFS. Thanks!
RT : *looks at clock* yeah its about that time.. <U+25C4> lmao shut up no its not haha
I wonder how many people in this class are actually paying attention... I'm looking around and I only see facebook
Whose yo daddy
good thing: locking an interview time w Sen. Ducheny Bad thing: it's thursday at 11am. So now i have to drive today. Is i-5 the best way?
I nee to chill out.. Im goin crazy rite now
i know right ! So whats upp ? :)
Softball tournament :D
I'll leave it alone then...
he probably does, but still a bummer..I like watching him pitch.
Stale Faced Yo Ass . Thats Was a Dumb Question lol
Looks Like Imma Be Limping All Day!
Im so gonna sleep onw lol
Ok, you get like 12,000 cool points for that shot with the incomparable Dick Gregory!
Thanks for the #FF!
I really want to watch War Horse on demand to finish my Oscar best pics, but it's long and probably very horsey. I'll watch it one day soon.
I Don't trust people who take cameraphone pics in the mirror all the time, but got different phones every couple of pictures.
Wecome to California Coast Credit Union.
I haven&#39;t got my learn on this early since college
I hate running.
I order another mint julep & the waiter laughs at me.
Happy Mother's Day, ! I'm honored and blessed to be one of your eight children! I love you!
Um 's spring band part on April 28 features Beach Fossils. Who's coming with me?
We have re-assembled The Trigon Trifecta & we are heroes.
hey follow me too :'D
Departures Salon Series 4/27 starting at 5pm with ASTRONAUT Mike Mullane and live music from Aaron Lewis
Three words to describe my walk to : Beware the puddles.
Whenever someone asks me how old I am I always pause in thought. Yo no se sometimes.
say what? No love for moi?!?
Hahaha, good to know. I do too. :P Lmao, tmi. I'm gonna shutup now.
you looked hot tonite on the show btw :-)
pretty good!
hit me up when you're here. we can drink whiskey and shit.
AND I....NO THAT HE WONT BREAK MY HEART...ITS TIME....TIME FOR US TO SETTLE DOWN... #CIARA....and I
#ItsInsaneHow most people would rather do something to you than to do something for you
Forgive the self-promo: We're having a "Boston: Inspirational Women" book party on 01/18 at Elisha Daniels Boutique 6 p.m. Please stop by.
New job, new city: who should I be following on Twitter for Portland news & PNW library stuff?
Chasing my sister barefoot in grass > im wearing sandals and she didnt think i would do it >:)
Finna text random people in my phone.. I must be bored
#WhitneyCNN I can say. "Once upon a time in my lifetime I was touched by the person and spirit of Whitney Houston"
Three some of chicks in front of us. Fml
best of luck for tomorrow's TM
No wonder why I can't get a RT!
You all have three choices
I want those pants but ill have to get a sz bigger cuz they'll be too skinny lol
good lookin out appreciate the support
I'd rather just stay at home, talk to you nshit...
hahaha thank you but I am not cute. I am a tan, fist pumping, shore crazy, hair gel dude.
it's very charming.
you definitely should! it's going to be a sweet show :)
might be developing a thing for rainboots.
Hope you aren't hurting too bad & have a speedy recovery!
why thank you. :)
I hate when I do this. I came home, ate dinner and fell asleep. Not it's 1am and I'm wide awake. Stupid naps.
Mcdonalds getting to damn high n they food aint all that good nomore for the lil shit they give u now
are you by a girl with a sign?!
Well, there's a Mum's day vibe -- where applicable.
samesies. Heard it last night at the end of the movie "Warrior". Of course it's been in my head all morning.
great Love your pic :)
White girls who think their black. Sit yo ass down somewhere.
First day of summer w/o the trip to but what a great 9 weeks! Still can't believe there are no more treasure boxes to make.
Quiet strength. Virtue.
Oh wow that sounds great! And it was an excellent call using SM for the vote. People want to be involved, that's for sure!
Yu don't like that? “: ": Guys I just hate Yu Darvish." How DARE Yu!”
Watching Smallville Series finale =,(
Good work out with at the Y! I'm so proud of her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
piso ditched school today. arg lunch sucked.
Seems like all the hours of days past are blended together!!!Daylight savings messes me up!
#Yeah :P
Check out the brand new song Loss/Gain! Let us know what you think! Thanks for all your support!
In my last post is one of my fav recipes. The peanut sauce is great in other dishes like noodle bowls, grilled veggies and as a marinate!
Thanks for the tweet, glad you liked the post!
Work your fingers to the bone, what do you get? Bony fingers!
In mesquite with my friends and their mom. Its so nice out here! :D
I didn't want to say it on Facebook, but yeah I remember - it was on 9/11
I clearly missed the memo...why isn't the 'G' in Gimenez pronounced like an 'H'?
I think it's stupid that everyone in The Matrix has these cool monikers, but then I know everyone here by their twitter handle
The best feeling when you see he at lest for a second
oh welcome to productive poem day 1/11
Aww thank you sir!
Lunch time means nap time today
ART TIME PUNKS now available at !
im Taking my Place in MY-Story, NOT HIS Story...
Someone just told me "you have a tan line, I wishes I could tan" lol
Damn I think you're gonna love the holiday video series. I said we were launching today but I was wrong. Tomorrow for sure.
Need new texter or some body new to talk to <U+E40E>
congrats Mickey, welcome to the club
Can't do that bullshit nomoe
RT : RT if you want to come to syracuse- show him some love
that's awesome news!! Will you be home tomorrow?maybe we can come on a cookie delivery!
I am hearing about you …global right now! :)
MT W/ no debate? Did Members even read it? RT BREAKING: House passes budget resolution, 235-193
sun come out!
i'll look forward to them, only for them NOT to show up in my sub box for some reason. -____-
Once you are in the natural flow of your own light you stop struggling with life and you dicover an inner feeling of calm.
I got these lah slippers on.
were you added to the Facebook group for the team?
We are going to launch a web store in the next few weeks so people who missed the can order a copy of the film.
One of the best live acts I've ever seen...will never forget Sabotage at Lallapalooza...
Y’a-t-il un lien de streaming sur le web pour le #MWA5 ?
And, who wants to be my guest (comp) for the new musical Nobody Loves You, Sat 2pm at The Old Globe in SD?
During college, I waited tables at Mellow Yellow + learned how to talk to all sorts of patrons. Owner Ken Pelletier any relation?
listening to fix your face radio
tell mom to pick me up at 5- 5:30
I LOVE IT! You are so awesome! I love the random mediums and things that inspire you.
I'm done with Ireland seriously .
I will and you do the same.
hiding from da. World
Hi all! Another great day to come!
Where did the time go... Seriously it's 1 a.m.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should party with sluts
s/o to my new Followers
I agree.. no pressure on Brady he had all day to pick at us
They relayed survival strategies: avoid certain white folks' homes, carry weapons, refused to let daughters work as babysitters. One (cont)
Did not know that! Think they had an interest this time? Or just no choice?
There's a crow outside of my window eating a dead squirrel's brain. Make a cute cartoon show outta that, Disney!
Glad to have you! RT : Pleased to announce my inclusion in No.101 Midwest Issue!
I saw your last tweet about your frustration with StatsCube. I work for NBA Digital (.com and TV) and would value your feedback
I introduced #googleapps in my office and unexpectedly took on the admin role
notice me!! D;
I love limericks, but that link isn't working
which weekend are you going to?
Bymyself I need sum to du
Anyone wanna go skate?
I need to use that first one, especially.....
if he has a deal for a tv show & he has a lockdown on the distribution then that's the one! :)
sure! i miss you D:
Sounds good. I'm about to make some waffles up in here, up in here.
RXP & MetroPCS giving away FREE Weezer tickets on LES corner of E. Houston and Essex St. Right now til 815!!!
March Madness, Spring Fever, Ides of March converge.
Sir, I will be there at 6:30
Yes! RT : If I can subscribe instantly to your newsletter, I should be able to unsubscribe immediately as well.
Get big and go hard in the paint
American horror story is such a cool, confusing, intriguing, scary show and I love it
Good luck !!
Pre-sale link for Saratoga is not working on Brandi's website.
Thanks for the recommendation last night! Hope you've had a great second day!
Ted Nugent: promoter of violence, questionably treasonous, supporter of castle doctrine & serial rapist. A perfect spokesman for the GOP...
I wonder if Newt Gingrich could drop the price of kale?
fuck you to bitch. go suck some dick
Yes please! RT Hey , what if you put some bike infrastructure on Military Road?
Damn I fucked up
#Clippers need to get it together! Should have won this game! I'm disappointed
Did I mention that I LOVE HARRY POTTER?
I quickly thought of when I seen #SubwayFan trending <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Yes. It could happen!
I fixed it for you(:
If we run we win
awww..I've been alright. Busy and stressy but things are getting better. I need 2 stop by the office this week, I'll say hi!
On my way to see and with Should be a great night shared with friends.
Listening to 's HELLO EARTH: THE MUSIC OF KATE BUSH. Divine.
And I can't forget going to NC to visit my babies. <3
<3 Live everyday like it's your last <3
The truth is never going to change. No matter what someone believes in, the truth will always remain the same. (Bible Crash Course)
Yippee! RT : Next time you are in New York I will make you my ice cream!
you are welcome! Get better! you are in my prayers.
believe... once you see me in person, your ganna be like "ohh damn..i am prettier"
Panel allows Honda to make IndyCar engine changes
It's hats for Fernando Torres!!!
Oprah is giving away free KFC GRILLED meals. www.unthinkfc.com. Timing was on KFC's side with Swine Flu and no one wanting to eat pork...
I did notice the only heads were Washington.....lol
Astounded and humbled by God's great mercy, love, and forgiveness in my life, that while we were still sinners Christ died for us
im a good listener:P Though Im still not sure how a project requires kayakingXD nice talking to you too:) Hope you come to FL
I am playing at Auggies in The Gaylord Palms tonight 9-1a.m. In Kissimmee, Florida
Today is: Truck Driver Day, Vinyl Record Day, Baseball Fans Day, Eleanor Roosevelt Day, Chinese Valentine's Day & International Youth Day.
Hoodmourning Tweepers it's gym time time to get big or go home
You are welcome--thanks for YOUR support!!
I guess it depends on how many kids you have / whether they've had their naps. ;)
In Music Meeting- Ted Leo & the Pharmacists “Mighty Sparrow” upbeat and driving, interesting sound, it’s good
Good morning, Austin! Let us know if you need help with your relocation needs.
Even in defeat, Christine O' Donnell served a very useful purpose. The old "scared straight"": acting conservatively
I'd like to get back to the woodcarving finals. -
is ready for October.
Supposed to leave at 3:15 now.
Y el tuyo?
you got barz
Just found out scientists are one step closer to making a real INVISIBILITY CLOAK check it out Escapist
Big Business beware. Don't treat people badly especially in times of grief. My Twitter network is bigger than yours!
just got some yoga pants
Low clouds and some patchy fog for your Friday morning - headed for partly cloudy later - muggy, 70s coastal, mid-80s in the valleys
The fastest way for people to ignore #TornadoWarnings is to begin warning people 24 hours in advance about "potentially"deadly storms.
The cross-Atlantic silence begins now. Ciao ragazzi!
awll thank you! (:
Come play dodgeball with <U+0391><U+039A><U+03A8> Beta Iota at 6pm tonight in the UV Sweethome Gym! Pickups are at 5:45pm in the SU Lobby!
Ur video was awsome I loved it!
Thanks for the blog plug!
No I don't make beats lol
Spanish guys are yummy ;)
A chill, solo Sunday night off is the perfect end to a great day and a wild week.
Time for the start of a wonderful date night with
Prop 8 overturned? ...bummer.
Kelly Price's album release party at Fashion Forty yesterday was a great event! Her new album is amazing!
Meeting wrap up by Very informative. Hope to see everyone in 2011.
I dig your #Absolut commercial.
Right after your follow, a follow from , "security and privacy for computer displays." Coincidence? I think not. ;)
Good try on that phishing expedition-- you
Promo Divine Peeling Radical White Skin Matrix from Swiss-instant whitening peeling in only 45 minutes only Rp 375.000 valid only this month
hahahha people are always so surprised in my taste in guys.
I need you guys to follow me for me to send you a direct message back with my address
Everything that they do they tried 1st in Wisc. #LtGovKleefisch #PigSly": RT : attacking motherhood and cancer
today was a good day
I'm gonna miss you guys :( be safe heading home!
bahaha. I just made some last night. It was super good. Chili competition this summer!!!!!!
What a perfect Chattanooga Spring Sunday. Complete with a surprise garden party & photographing a walnut Street bridge sunset proposal.
The only people that enjoy Valentine's Day are girls with pussy-whipped boyfriends or husbands.
I'm about to leave for work actually...feel free to come visit and watch the game.
- Steve, be prepared to cry like a little girl.
Guetta tonight?? I'll be there!
Just when I thought I was strong...I'm not...just when weakness was a option...it's not...I HATE cancer...it should die...I give love
Suspense! RT : What's next for us- Ottawa, Seattle, Georgia, Virginia? Or maybe we'll be able to stay in DC. Stay tuned.
May's here, and graduation is right around the corner! Which of our menu items do you order when you feel like celebrating?
I love that half-minute period when you write the 4-5 lines of fundamental math that power an entire application.
please follow our business page we work with AIP clients.
I loved Hunger Games! Just wish I hadn't seen it with a bunch of screaming little girls.
I was staying home, when they was having fun.
If you could develop a #MobileApp, what would it be?
dolphin + helicopter =
why yes, yes I do
Yes. Totally agree. But there are plenty of businesses with interest in education. I cover them...good, bad, and ugly. Thanks!
it will happen one day
Shooter can't cross the plane of the free throw line until it touches the rim. Otherwise, perfectly timed.
If I knew I was going to be in a video, I would have worn my best flanel. :) #CountryRoots #Wrangler Damn straight.
....they will never tell your secrets!!!!
4th of july movie party. Only independent films allowed.
If you have a craving for Mexican/margs before you leave, Casa de Reyes in Old Town is yum! Got free churros w/4square checkin.
I wonder if it is possible to follow everyone on twitter... might make another acount to try.
wat y'all looking at
Im living my life for me & my kids NOBODY else!!
Omfg my dog had her puppies
I'm so tired
Back in elementary kickball was the sh#t and aftercare was live asf
Can I punch somebody in the face, just for kixxxx?
Thanks for the re-tweets! We look forward to seeing everyone on Wednesday!
the 3 mo meal planning package. Thanks! :)
Remember that core strengthening exercise (like yoga) are great to help prevent & ease #backpain; a strong core stabilizes the spine
lol intervention on masturbation
Nothing to do this weekend... #NoPlans :(
Why people scan QR Codes? 46% Curiosity, 41% obtain info, 18% a promotional offer, & 16% for exclusive content.
No Doubt about it, Larry Diamond from Tom Robbins's "Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas".
Well here we go
Get the final battle shirt of #HarryPotter called "Behind you Harry" available at ripapparel.com this Wed. Aug.3rd by
Yeah, I understand. I'm happy that is in the process of revising its commenting policy.
Hey Doug! What do you think of my portfolio? I still can't believe it's finally finished.....for now :)
I can't forget you I know you want me to want you I want to But I can't forgive you
back on track
My parents annoy me 24/7 though. Nothing new.
I'm taking you #2 in my fantasy draft, man! Don't let me down! LOL
Nice RT : I have a cup of Clover brewed Willow in hand and it is totally helping me beat the PDX heat!
Make sure there are no sharp objects in the dark room for
Hold on stop Wait a min Pause
2012 Submission Applications will be available June 1st. Looking forward to seeing your work.
Still a good defensive effort from the rest of the team. I blame kobe for the loss.
I find it amusing that Republicans crow abt how Reagan "won the Cold War" but thr rhetoric suggests that they think we're still fighting it
But im having fun at senior night :-) :-)
would rather be watching the game in San Diego than on my couch
Want a new career for the new year? www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
Big Day for parents across the nation! Final Florida vote and big news coming out of California!
HELL NO.
you sure are at olive garden a lot,.. (;;
my 50 year old mom just told her 70-something mom "peace out."
Girls, don't fall for boys who tell you the sweetest words. Fall for boys who do the sweetest things which no words can describe.
i have returned to facebook. i feel so dirty.
tell Boehner not to give in stay strong
Head over to your local natural products store to pick up natural, cruelty-free body products.
Great idea ! A5: Encourage them to connect w/ #PRSSA/#PRSA Chapters where they are for the summer to stay involved
lol just give it away before she steals it
no problem
Zip Me Up Motherboy
yikes! Tebow-mania coming to There's still room on the bandwagon
40,000 people without power! We still have power, but no internet :-( I guess I will have to see if anyone comments on my status tomorrow!
RT : High school football season is almost here. Want local live scoring updates on Twitter? Follow
seattle.catalogchoice.org comes online. Seattleindieads.com looking forward to FLOOD of hyperlocal ad spending by local businesses ;)
What doc my Tweet Master?
IF YOURE IN MIAMI TRICK YOU WILL ADD: "Kroz Jones" on ¡FÁ©<U+2211>BØØk!
wow a Patron shot even. Yep yep them our Lakers. Yeow! Kobe Rules!
I been good, how you been?
By all accounts it was a great screening yesterday @ the fest! Thanks to all who came out & enjoyed such a fantastic lineup!
I want Juvaderm filler so fucking bad right now.
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need. ~ Voltaire
doesn't make sense that you can't spell "sense" and you are on presidents list.
I know. But school comes first.
Hum okay then I believe you. Even though it's kind of hard but I believe you so what's up how was your day? :) !*)
Spring is ending and ALC classes are back in session on Mon. 4/16. Just in time to celebrate National Volunteer Week!
lol! Hey! I'm here:) just been busy.
follow back dre :)
Noticed all the building makeovers in Portland? What's going on? Why are investors interested in historic buildings? 6:30pm
TODAY and TODAY ONLY, Show us you are a FB fan/Twitter follower at the door and get complimentary admission!
RT : I cannot wait to go to platos closet!!!!!!!
Tyga-make it nasty
Agreed! Would love to hear what that looks like. Also, I would encourage thinking about tech as well for those future jobs.
I'm thinking Paris!
I almost left out the house in liquid leggings tonight. Thank God for sending sweet baby Jesus to intervene.
ill just take your word for it that they're all crazy.. which i suppose just supports what i already think anyway…..
This would imply that Campbell had any mascualtion in the 1st place
what's the expiration date on fur vests? end of march? first 70 degree day? look, this is important.
definitely the plan, last thing I'm looking to do is something stupid 3 weeks out! Thanks!
see what dis LSU AND BAMA GAME TAKING BOUT TONIGHT
I think Undercover Boss has run its course...
READY FOR DIVORCE, CALLA US NOW. 727 474 9988
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves
My cat, Mew, with his hair poofed out, terrified of the wind, was KNOCKING on the door to get inside! He’s an indoor cat...
:o I WANT LIKE NOW.
There is something so beautiful about the idea of giving.
Just joined SoundCloud and put my new two-piano pieces there - soundcloud.com/hand2ear.
You love me but you don't know who I am, so just let me go...
and , there will be a screening of Extreme Rules tonite at my house if interested. Bring fans.
lol the day before.
Life is awesome! I love when i am on set,and when i am w/ people that i love,specially the cast! RT if you love you`re lives!
Coloring Pages Featuring Children with Disability
Wow, that's random. But I'm stewing it over! :)
NEW HF-TWESTIVAL BAND ANNOUNCEMENT coming up at 3PM EST.
This beer belly though.
How did I manage to collect all this laundry within one week?!?
commuting from Louisiana once a week makes me definition living out of my car
Camille went into labor this morning. the baby is on the way. it's a girl.
Runners: What is an acceptable run to wash ratio for your various pieces of running attire? I.e. How many runs do to get b4 you wash?
Love In The Tempranillo Of Cholera
Had such an amazing day w/ family & friends! Just enjoying these last few days of school. Ah, crazy to say that! This year has gone by FAST!
Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success.
I love Bolton Hill but Montgomery Street is awfully convenient and pretty.
The Avengers was dope!
Yes that is right
Right back at you from Scottsdale! \m/
today is 'International Museum Day'
Ever heard of an iHub? It suppose to be an office for people who work from home.
Can't tell if the white progs RTing and favoriting my last tweet are agreeing with it or just non-endorsingly amplifying it...
Well, if I can answer any other questions or book anything for you, let me know!
Obama is a disaster, Gingich is a hypocrite!
I really love watching this Orioles team.
I refuse
I need a suga daddy!! No sex involved!
I made my own V8 today! #RawFood challenge!
Let's go #Giants!
i should cry because im gone miss on 106
May everyone work hard to make their dreams come true this year!! :) It's a prosperous yr and its worthit!! :)
My dad's boss randomly told my dad yesterday that he would pay for my first semester of books next year. Words cannot describe how thank ...
Nothing makes me hungrier than a photo that immediately brings to mind the word "abortion"
“: ridiculous!!!! But awesome for those schools.” Way to pick up that twitter game!
Omg my eyelids are SO heavy
I love you all soo much I love doing all I can for you<3
Had Arlene Sahraie not been a librarian, she'd have loved to be the proprietress of a groovy teahouse/poetry salon. Or a boxing judge.
With the passing of Avery Goodrich this weekend, Milwaukee has lost a veteran principal (North, Muir, Wells St.). Condolences to his family.
Indeed! So very important.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Hello, hello remember me? I'm everything you can't control.
I have a 15k credit limit
so is singing too me :))
more obfuscation, more problems.
RT : Great show! <<YEAH! So glad you like it...thx for your support! Keep watching!!
#CBSNJDebate the Numbersusa ad is very insightful.
Me2 Jax! Whitney had one of the best voices ever. Anytime I hear always love you Im brought back to being a little girl
Chapter 2012 Page 95 of 366 I've chosen the consequences of walking in disobedience...SMH
yes, that is true!
“Advertising is a tax for having an unremarkable product.” -Robert Stephens, Founder of the Geek Squad
I got an A on my Stevens paper!! Ah it is good to be me this morning.
I know! Loved the movie! Lenny K is my new secret boyfriend.
I like how the Declaration of Independence says 'pursuit of happiness' meaning to pursue what makes you happy but then there's laws/con's
I'm kind of ready to dump my ils
Wow. Sounds like a real hoot in your kitschy kitchen. Hey wait, maybe a show idea for you. "Kitchsy Kitchen!"
- what!?! Well it was my first real commitment to them as a band, and saw that tour. I really like the mix on this record...
good luck jeff..
People don't change; they become more of who they really are.
#NW Basketball Wives...
I'm going to miss my school so much next year. Not just my friends, but the teachers and the rest of the school. Montessori is awesome
Next session: journalistic ethics w/ deborah blum, george johnson, dan fagin, dennis meredith
Come on Rubens!
Touché sir. Hit me up later if you're not in a coma.
Loving - 's clementine. You can too at #hubwork this thurs.
Going homee already (:
you have a way of tingling my spidey sense oh wow
times wen we R furthest from God is wen we need the body of Christ th most blessings 2 U :)
idk if its the way it is.. then imma unfollow people on tumblr.. idc who it is but its time to start unfollowing people!!
and how are you if yhu tweetin???
Headed to present my book at the national sales for the distributor - pray it goes well!
we gifted them existence.
The mobile app is looking really sweet. Time to work on copy, copy, copy....
I love Iration and Slightly Stoopid tho. And a former neighbor of mine ... who absconded with my fave CD ... has a R band.
Finally found #Silk flavors: ChocoMint = meh; Nog = good; Pumpkin Spice = DELISH!!!! Thinking it will be awesome in pump spice latte!
Which workouts have given you the best results?
Justin Has Swag .... you are so sexy in Boyfriend <3 <3 ah
Off work. Love morning shifts
I have not heard from my book store!
They don't make better sparkpluggies than you. Save me a seat, please.
anyway, I'm just interested in having a better understanding of font hinting, which is here for a while, retina or no.
Check email please.
WHATS GOOD CUZ I STILL GOT THIS RAP SHIT BY THE NECK,THATS MY WORD
it's pretty awesome! I don't abuse my snooze alarm anymore and don't get tired after working out either!
What track was you feeling...Orphanz™
u kno im fukin wit da hood so u supprt me and i support u. Dats wuts family for
Alas, the post makes the common mistake of assuming curation = selection. Blergh.
Cha cha, you are no help when it comes to rocks
Is anyone else attending the expo this week in #LosAngeles? I will be there!
Great story from about the impact that blogs & media can have on patients/community.
going to hang out with a girl named ana ...how ironic right?
I will definitely make plans to get there!
idk man.. You're fast but I can hold you.
ewwwww what happen who beat yo ass
MOVE ON BITCHES BLACK FRIDAY ADDRESS THE ISSUE ENOUGH, SO WE ON NEW MOVES #TEAMKIM ALL DAY BEDSTUY DO OR DIE
no problem at all - let me know day before, and we'll have one ready for you! ;-)
Lets take a stroll :D
If they would let us play music during the test I think I would pass...
One of the more fascinating topics of life is the leaders of history and how they shaped the world
please pick the Penguins to win, please???
I leave dat Reggie to them regular people I be on first class spaceships yeah spaceships<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
I'm hiring booking agents. You book the engagement and receive 20% of my honorarium. Email if you are interested.
Thank you for the Golden Beet Recipe! Part of a new farm share & had no clue what to do with them!
#followme or bungee jump with dental floss..
boy i never have done that !
Davy Jones died apparently. I wonder who's gonna captain the Flying Dutchman now.....
Tonight is going to be one of those nights.
Lol I should probably get name tags for #rumdiarieshouseparty tomorrow ..."drink so much youll forget your name"
and my copy of the book preordered didn't DL to my kindle accnt... Need to investigate.
I didn't think getting away could clear your mind this much, definitely needed this trip.
Oh! Well I put on a soft taco and I wrap into a burrito. So I always get yelled at cause I put lil bit to much for them to wrap it
We had a 125-word mention in "Neighbors" on Friday, May 4. Take a look if you haven't seen it!
So wish I could, but I have singing commitments here in Boston! One of these days... toi toi toi!
I absolutely love going to sleep to the cutest goodnight texts && waking up to the sweet goodmorning texts !! They can make my day & nite<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
He dons...the hat. THE hat.
We cannot wait for coming to Charlotte!! Who's going?
having athletics 1st period should be illegal.
Today's Goal: Get unfortunate songs stuck in people's heads. First up: Little Suzi from Tesla.
Shout out to and for following...its much appreciate! Check them out guys :)
Had a pretty good practice :) ; Just feeling a bit blah
rereading Seneca's 88th epistle on the Liberal Arts. Note to self: accuse people of being "ravenous takers of emetics" more often.
And William Hurt's sure as hell no Sam Elliott.
Bell's Oberon is now available at France 44
What I really think is sexy Intelligent Black Men who value the right things in life & don't adhere to ignorance of rappers & other stuff
OH WOW. OH WOW. OH WOW.
Search for Evidence of Wildlife on Your Hike
happy to share brother...lots of hidden gems on that site
Only four hours today...let make some money!!!
Yesturday a hobo came up to me nd ask me for change to buy a beer. So I gave him money for his beer
RT : Here's how #gf Forkly users can best spread the word about #glutenfree dishes to other users :...
I wish I could call my dog.
AP gov done!! AP lang and comp tomorrow and I'M DONE!! (For this year)
Hopefully Leahs is almost done too. I hate when my baby girl doesnt feel good.
How about I spend my night ranking Claire Denis movies? Why not?
lol... I will ask management later on today
Happy St. Patrick's Day, by the way. No one loves storytelling like the Irish!
Men forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
Good Morrow Jen.. May your day Be As Quickly as it began as you awakened from your slumber
I hope not :P And what in the name of Jesus are PuddingPoints?
Amy Ames Moves Up to #11 on Country & Western Music Radio Show Radio Beiaard 106.3 FM Presented by Al Van Dam
#LocalUnderground Tent Party - wine, beer, food, & live music. The tent is warm & dry with elbow room!
My school would probably have bearly any!!
Judge says to Mercy, "I finally gave you something you wanted. I feel like all I do is say no to you." lol. Mercy thinks to herself, as long
noodles and company or subway hum
RT : As you celebrate end of 2011 & the start of a great 2012, don't drink & drive we want to tweet with you far into '12 & beyond
Some people develop a wishbone where their back bone should be.
Thanks, Neha! For both donating AND spreading the word! :)
RT Turd #2 to Meg flushing over 80 million $ on crappy campaign. Oh what that $ COULD have done!
The Ugly Truth
usually no blood draw at scene, breath instead. Don't think detects THC. Never comes up here, no law re pot amt in system
Heyy shorty!! Hope all is well with you! Congrats!
are u from of SODMG??
Dang were hot together tonight. I hope you keep doing more acting, you are wasted behind the camera.
not to brag, but the crippling self-doubt and social awkwardness I wore in high school still fits
very sweet!
pussy fake ass bitch
*I'm DTV
this will be my third night staying up :/ I practically feel like a zombie.
Great to hear it! Let us know if you have any questions or need any help. We are always here if you need us!
NOW I get it! The light dawns. Earth rise. (Or is that the alien ship? Wait -- I didn't say that. No --NBC, I didn't. Really,)
We need to look at people around us, they r our community
Volunteering at today and I'm so inspired by the students who put it together. Oh yeah, and the AMAZING speakers.
can you follow
Linkage Award Inductee KEN BOOTHE
We read it for book club. I liked it a lot more than I was anticipating, you should read it.
Ever feel uneasy about something but you can't quite but your finger on it...
Most effective Landing Pgs have Zen-like simplicity & desired call-to-action should naturally arise out of this background of stillness.
Super awesome. Wish I had everything they ever did on vinyl.
i'm with ya!
love it!
hey!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 i know i miss the drama on bedford ave..lmao im in cali at the moment still living in bk
There's nothing worse than telling a mother their son is being chased by the police on Mothers day..good shot boy smh.
Wass So Bombb At VMA's. He's coming to WA, for concert in 3 dayss!
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else
Wow. Church sermon spoke straight to my heart tonight. Might go again in the morning to experience it again.
RT : So Much Gwalla, MONEY! MONEY! MONEY!
Love this quote: "There is no point at which you can say, "Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap." Carrie Fisher
and more! :) RT : You deserve the best.
Who's Here has natural straight white teeth!
My day was crazy y'all wouldn't believe it...trust me
good you better not be
: For now, it's still safe to Rickroll
Reviews you can use—from actual diners. No trolls allowed!
Damn mee too!
today was an amazing day. Thank God i got to be with my bestfriends. the 2 hour bus rides, the insiders, matching bracelets. it was PERF.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
thanks for the follow anything you need in los angeles we got you
lol whatever. I'm not THAT obsessed. Its more like an infatuation...
Trust me a girl like you will have and deserve the best man. Inshallah sooner than later
Good weekend with the boyfriend <3
....about 40 minutes.
Mindless behavior is taking over ;)
Thank you so much, Mike! I just heard the same thing on Facebook.
awesome so far gonna work on it more tonight! :)
"that anyone could EVER have."
RT Did you know that we serve happy hour all day on Mondays in the bar? Come enjoy some delicious bites & tasty cocktails!
damn that is nice
FINALLY FREE!! Now cleaning all day then cardinal game tonight !
Our lives have become one big enter net access ip address and key words it's more but i'll stop at that facebook it
Can barely move at the mall..This place is packed
Just noticed she is having a <U+E51A>
i have a headache:\
preciate it. I'm gonna make it happen.
MAYTE YOUR CAT JUST TRIED TO BITE ME
Stan Lee at Wizard World???!!
If its not one thing its another.
that's sick
#1 reason: "she seems to have more strikes against her than a bowling alley at Fenway Park"
Y'all can't handle it
I'm surrounded by (fellow) geeks!
eh, I used to be a Mormon. They don't take compliments well. Or polygamy laws.
Hell yeah! RT: : Listening to before I go into work.
No access to the closed captioning in Connect?
you are not the only fan that hasn't met him and you will get your chance :-)
well the new episode starts in like 3 min! Watch it bitch! ;) lol.
More sarcasm! How do you come up with this stuff!? Too good!
This conversation has been a real game-changer.
I need my to come cuddle with me and make me feel better.
Bring back Mr Easy Rider lol
What could be better than prepping tax docs & viewing #EPL on a Saturday morning? #Bolton 1 v #QPR 0 (1) Well done, Tim Ream, on the assist!
So pissed right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
controlled reaction is always the most intelligent...say it to yourself 3 times before you flipout see if that helps.
golf cart accident :(
Awesome. When will you guys be in Austin?
I think he was pissed I was taking a picture of his pink, skinny, tie.
The band that I'm listening to right now sucks. And it's awesome.
But that video was GOOD
wow. Its actually very very unusual to NOT get on when it has adequate funding
Rant over...sorry everyone...just pisses me off at how rude some people can be...even with children involved
Adele is giving me EVERYTHING right now!!! "...Rolling in the deep"
you my friend. ARE AMAZINGLY TALENTED.
RT : Truly outrageous that 99% of the cookies are consumed by 1% of the monsters on PBS.
Thank you so much!! Show us around? <3
in toggle_visibility(), change visibile -> visible -- safari/chrome might default to vis.?
Twisting at Rubin and Thompson Assisted Living 50 Houston Ave Saugus, Ma. from 1-3pm for a Thanksgiving open house.
Where are you fellas?
Victoria's Secret fashion show tonight......whos in?
I hate my fuckin life
But why does this girl in study think she can sing like The Band Perry.....
#whatayear I have had some good times and some bad but I'm just blessed to have lived 2011 going out with a bang
My high of seeing my #BCEagles win their 3rd national championship in 5 years has worn off enough that I'm sad that the season is now over.
Riding through Mandeville and thought of you It's so clean, has THE freshest air and beautiful homes.
shut up. Only the birds on the joint hurt. I'll just laugh at you on Thursday then.
Matthew! Glad I got to meet ya. Wish the game would've been more eventful for the Braves.
aw. you're such a great brother. love you D!
planning for the trip to mainland China end of the month! Any suggestions?
This Oshkosh construction struggles
the Americans in the front.
you need to call me right now
What's up with these movies coming out that only give the holiday not the date for release? I have a hard enough time with my own bday!!
OK, so had to take a mulligan on the last codebase. That said, Dev Team 3 just finished our scoring prototype, which is the core of the app.
A bathroom would be nice right about now
#relationshipsendbecause of a refusal to compromise...
I Miss and together they where perfect together..
Off to make my brother a sandwich :p
6-120% Locks available for Thursday. Get all 6 for $30 or 3 for $15. Email to get it started
I guess I'm shit out of luck
You got blocked for that, MOB? Damn LOL.
I'm recording it!!!!! We can watch it when you're home ;-) xozo
Share your beautiful photos and artwork with us!
Today's wrkout was a beyotch! Proud of you E. for sticking through even though your shoulder is busted! Nyway, end'n the nite w/ futurama :)
Steve Stricker just made double bogey on No.10. Now 7 over on round, +6 overall. In danger of missing the cut. Ouch.
good call, those for sure too! m
Please no "edged weapons/tools". This means hatchets, swords, knives etc.
#Baller well congrats !
Ed and Taylor's song is gonna be perfection omg
Thanks for the RT, Hope you're enjoying the winter sunshine this weekend!
wow it really does sound like hair! i can't figure out how to record wind... is mimicking the only solution?
Almost on the T R bridge!!!
hi how u doing?
All I can say is try getting a job in the current job market without one. Try a Tech School, less $$.
im sorry! Im going to go see the new harry potter and go to dave and busters with my sis :)
I got tree lmao
I live very close to there. A lot of activity.
It is so heartbreaking to hear about Junior Seau's death at such a young age. Thoughts are with his family and the SD Chargers.
For the followback i can return the lighter..www.realniggazdorealthangz.com
who am i kidding, i won't get anything done today
if only I lived n London/Uk I would totally go. <3
Congratulations! What's next?
your right! there is no need to count down for Tuesday
Sitting with the most precious grandson, who's the stud of the NICU in St Vincent's Hospital in Indy!
were just good.
on the bus lo im bored and i have a full batterie on my phone for one lol
whenever will be fine. We will all be there. Whatever works for u
Peyton manning should be the Jackie Moon of the Indianapolis Colts. Player, Owner, Coach.
it's for real!
Aammmaaaazzzaannggg <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> cool follower.
love your place! Wish you had masala chai!
i didn't send yu off
My Brand is getting bigger by the day!!!
It's true. I'm stll just a midwestern state with coastal ambitions.
Just found a reason Germans better than Spanish. Siri speeches German, not Spanish!
I know, I felt a lot of love from Chris and Brad
yeah, it seems as if there's never any good news....that's life though I guess.
Woot!!! Go, go, go!! #DFWRhinos RT : 422 words left to cross the 50k finish line for the first time in my life.
thanks for sticking us on your locals list; nice blog btw!
Yep. Year 2 at You-Dub! I'll have to check out #phdchat. Gotta some people willing to write my exams and dissertation for me!
when do you get in?
I wish I didn't legit sound like a dog barking every time I have indigestion or the hiccups.
#GoTribe But I was getting better. Now ima go back to my original assholeness
If you express your love on the Feb 14th what do you express on the other 364 days in the year?
Recruiting strong retail mktg mgr w/ social media, e-commerce or trade show background. DM me for details.
lol right i love it!
Almost forgot to sign my agreement for my class on the 21st. Camera, Speed ACTION! an insider's secrets to the real world of acting
just ordered it. Always get the cask ale if available.
Can't wait to go play Capture the Flag with ! See you on Sigma Sigma Commons!
"Kids: if you want to Nail Rick Perry" I stopped reading at this point, because the answer must always be NOT NO, BUT HELL NO.
DATS HOW I FEEL ABT MY MOM U ONLY GET 1LUV HER N RESPECT HER WIT UR ALL BCUZ I KNOW I DO
Between that and something bad I ate earlier in the day, it was not a good evening for me.
Open bar at liquid pool.... getting my drink on...
I can only imagine. It would be insanely crazy!
Lesson for the day: Don't punch cars. You end up with a seriously fucked up hand.
I do like this - great, great find - thx - and I have read some of that book - he's phenomenal - will pick it back up :)
Hello Friday!
Have a safe and enjoyable weekend everyone!
How come no one begs me for retweets I'm way cooler then most of these shmuck "celebrities"
good luck Alex, hope you find a spot to catch on in the NFL
I'm a virtual friend! :p haha
yea totally agree
Happy Friday :-)
Another triple double
Tonight is date night! ...but not before I have to wait a billion hours for the cable guy to fix our box!:(
If I were opening a walk-in clinic, I'd do it in an old Borders store and call it...ready...Doctors Without Borders!
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
You over the age of 18 and burning out at a 7-Eleven = Your cojones have not fully developed yet.
there you go! :D
After 25 years together, my uncles were legally married today in Iowa!
just started an arc for Albert Borris' CRASH INTO ME -- a 2k9 colleague. I really like his spare style.
I love that video!
that was the stupidest thing I've heard all night!
Thanks for mentioning us in your publication!!
The world would run a lot smoother if more men knew how to dance
Just bc spell check reverts to telecom, doesn't mean that is the correct term. It's telecon people! Short for teleconference.
On my way to Boston, plane to North Carolina in the morning...omg majorly overpacked lol
Appreciate the love bro
USING THE PHRASE "KEEP'N IT #1HUNNIT" WONT MAKE YOUR IMMATURE ACTIONS ACCEPTABLE. U SHOULD ALWAYS TRY & BETTER YOUR PERSONA
well did hear the one where the mom screamed? (: that was me & my mom!
wishing that just for today, the kitties could go into work instead of me.
Thanks to Ford i spend more time with my car than my boyfriend. He'll get over it
Foundations for Marketing Research assignment..
You were my best friend. Yeah, not anymore!!
My paycheck has been deposited in my account! I'm buying' some shit!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Thanks love! aka Carl aka honey badger ;) Oh wait....... hahah
Catherine McNeela gives us tools to put in our toolbox for interpreting and acting the song.
They played their hearts out n the loss n the semi-finals. I take full credit 4 that 1. We didnt have a legit offense 4 that type of defense
yes :D
Guess the exact weight of your U-Swirl today and it's on the house for Weigh In Wednesday!
I just want to go home.
This blows. The Braves bullpen is going to mow down the Pirates hitters.
superbowl hangover? Hahaha you Bears fans are delusional.
Wednesday or Thursday. That cool?
GET SOME FUCKING HEADPHONES
I whip my hair back and forth! Whip it real good! I whip my hair back and forth! Just whip it!
So my heart jumps a little when i talk to you, it doesn't mean anything d;
i hate it when your watching a show and it ends on a great, interesting part<<<<
LMAO RT : I hate when people point out my typos. Bitch, you look like a typo!
Congrats D. Durham!!! #sx first supercross win!!
is a lame ass lard & he does not go hard...<3 love youu bud. :))
hey your tweets r funny Lmfaoo :D
Just a brief check-in: am in Mpls now for work this week, and so far, it is absolutely the right place for me to be right now.
||_|!| THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
#Happy30thBeyonce too bad you weren't going into labor on labor day, but good luck with the baby <3
LOVE spring daylight savings. 4 mile run after work is much less painful than before.
's boyfriend video was so perfect
thank you, we realized we have been hacked and are spreading the word to let people know. Appreciate the DM.
Awh. I Love Hollie. But I'm Happy That Philip Went Through!
Finding out there is a chipotle in Chicago seriously made my whole weekend.
Tweet tweet like a bird.
But just cuz I want Boston to win the series don't mean I want them to win easy. I want everyone else to go to Game 7 while we just sweep.
Justin: "Together we can make history!" Beliebers: "And babies" ONLY BELIEBERS!! 3 people follow me right now please. :)
I've got a lot of things to think about..
I miss you, monkeyface!
oooooohhhh now what happened with im???
I was today talking shop w/ Building for schools/teachers/kids. Helpful to hear from ppl targeting your same market.
"Lars shouldn't you be watching the kids?""ahh we're using the body system""body system?""yes.....BODY!!!!!!""oh buddy"
What is her famous song called?
I'll give it a try. Thanks.
BOB DID YOU GET A PUPPY?
": Getting ready to speak at Georgia State University!"
RT : Once someone is identified as a rep of athletics interests (Booster), they retain that identity forever.
RT“: Full moon looks great on the waves of Lake Michigan tonight, I'm tempted to jump right in after my meeting with D.A. today.”
your profile picture is fantabulous
alright bro tonight first night of radio school for me.
RT A growing number of journalists are getting it: solar is getting cheap, solar can scale, blogs.telegraph.co.uk/...
Yes! That would be great
Great day. I'm going to do whatever I want.
Shut up you know I'm still mad
So if you took all the sperm from the major new wave bands ala Twins and then that baby was raised by hipsters you get Neon Indian
Like metals, mesh, migration. Holes in the earth. Open onto several directions.
Follow the crew and a sick producer
Today's a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
I still don't know how visited during Badger Hate Week and survived.
Hawks win 4-1 and close out the Western Conference Finals in 4 games!!! Totally awesome
Did you know I have a replica #dress from the #Titanic #Movie which is numbered? It will be in undetermined.
Keep doing what you do and please reach out to our youth, I feel they will listen to you. We, and they need your guidance.
It's the season for summer picnics and graduation parties. Let us take care of everything so you can enjoy the event.
Last year we spent Mother's Day at Lasertron. Am thinking this year we go see Avengers again :)
Worst part is when you try to wipe it off it looks like u collided with an ice cream truck :D
Jackson Pollock~ The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through.
4 hours till takeoff!!!!
we go live in 2012 Email me at Would love to see what you do and maybe look to align.
Damnit. Come back soon then!
Grant application mailed, now back to client work. Best Wishes to All!
nahh i lose my accent but when ever i go back for a while it comes back <U+E402>
you were unbelieveable at the Grammy's and deserve every 1 of those awards!
GO RANGERS Buster :D
only football
what is this 2 nites now i cant watch any videos because of this tubemogul what is it ?
cant get this david banner/chris brown song out my head
YOUR VOICE IS SO CUTE<3
HI TOP
58.24 400M dash today, not bad for a 34 year old...is a sub 2:00 800 by the end of 2012 possible?
"Never chase them, quickly replace them. mistakes ? i don't retrace them. i just move on and mentally erase them.”
Finished off yesterday with some fun "cutting and pasting," making phased boxes. Added some levity to that sorrowful manuscript work.
Chris Matthews just ripped Santorum for his Dominionism and Theocracy! Way to go Chris
don't knock it til yah try it
pizza and martini's, its like im in college already xD
caution signs @ key spots on the route. I saw 3 folks go down, in < 5 min, at that 1st or 2nd RR X-ing in Natick/Framingham
i love you.
Lesson: Life=People. Life is time with people we love ~ Jim Collins
1-Enrollment 2-Developmental Education Placement 3-Progress 4-Transfer & Completion 5-Workforce Prep & Employment Outcomes
Entomology kit ordered for the boy, girls' horse photos ordered for competition, dinner is cooking. Imaginary ponies are still impressed.
soon! soon! in july, no? is no party w/o you!
got to meet the good peeps ! much love fam
Someone needs to start a parody twitter account for 's hair;
Don't find fault, find a remedy. -Henry Ford
bye issac do u follow
I can see it , it just looks funny .
Discussion at about "gray" vs. "grey". How do we decide? Exact match search volume + insights
It is sad but not surprising 2 hear the NEPHEW of Senator James Inhofe was instrumntal n the planned 'racist' AD agnst Pres Obama
discussing the structure of a #git repository - commits, branches, versions
I ain't nobody though. I don't know what I'm talking about
I've totally done the same thing before! It's terrible! but mine faded pretty quick and no one was the wiser...
ITS HOTT OUT HERE!! BUT TODAY IS FRIDAY PARTY TIME!!
No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or get rich in business by being a conformist. - Jean Paul Getty
Great series, huh?! How was Chicago?
Jason Bay!
how was the last #dctweetup? I was sad to miss it! Looked SO fun :)
Earthquake! What a crazy feeling.
Cool. I wear Nike training shoes for classes, but have to run in Asics. May have to try Nike running for Zumba & Crossfit.
Saw 'Jiro Dreams of Sushi' last night. Wow. That man is amazing. Can't wait to meet him in the depths of the Tokyo subway.
In a very thankful mood this morning - thank yous all around!
I'd say more that Prezi highlights problems also there in PPT/KN: visuals as secondary, absence of design & media consciousness
dude that's crap. That redirected me too'best college advisor'
you guys are amazing. <3
What if Jessie's Girl was Stacey's Mom?
we could have a code red situation on our hands..please say youll come to the rescue tonight!
I just paid $4.09 per gallon for gas. That's a first.
do u have. Textplus account? Cuz there is a guy claiming to b u on there. Just want to make sure he is a fake b4 I report him
follow back? Please!
Lebron is no Jordan Magic Bird or even Kobe he does not have the will to win that can carry a team when needed
yes, I'm doing ok. Baby is doing great. How is brandon? Did I got his name right?
PUT A BLOCK ON LOVE....RUN WHEN ITS NEAR...JS...DONT LOVE ME!....
damn I hated planet! Should go to mei! It's like 10 feet from your house
Post all and any videos you have of Sugarland to show them our SUPPORT!
I'm just loving the comments.
A bus back-up to start a brisk Monday morning? Focus on the good run earlier, Peter. Your office will be there when you get to it.
RT "Tempted to drive to this afternoon to hang out on the terrace. #spring" I would definitely join u if I wasn't in LV!
just got myself a new job #makinbank <3
So the guy i met that I tweeted about the other day... I saw him again last night hahaha.... :)
Oh danm somebody took yo bitch
Raw Elements USA<U+0099> is the conscious consumer<U+0092>s answer to serious, safe sun protection.
Forgot how much I LOVE birthdays!!! So blessed and happy :) could not ask for better friends and family!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
damn wish I could have been there, live it up for me tonight bro
Great night for patio dining! Let us know your favorite outdoor patio spot in #Albuquerque :)
This 1800 man
Out of softball practice. Needs to get some #food!!! : )
this game is looking like ny vs. mia, SMDH.
I really do hope to hear back from very soon with interest in keynote speaking :))
haha yeah I usually ignore it but I thought why not? :D
RT : The 9 to 5 Cure - great read for anyone committed to creating a flexible work/life.
Check out for your Red Dress Party needs! We have a wide variety of sizes and styles + love to be a safer place to shop!
My Galaxy Nexus runs ICS. I like it, tho it reboots spontaneously. Looking forward to the coming OS upgrade.
I know you love me babe(;.
Stoked that from stopped by office today to interview us for a write-up next week!
There's definitely rain n the air n Atlanta. If ur outside u better finish what ur doing by nightfall.
Take time out of your day to thank God for all that you have
It'll be* okay
he's relevant in the same way Skip Bayless is: spews controversial garbage to keep his name on people's minds.
Donations can be made to Japan Earthquake and Pacific Tsunami relief by texting REDCROSS to 90999 for a $10 donation
": #Bachelor and #Bachelorette should have their own awards!What Else? #Bachys" It should be considered under BEST DRAMA EVER!!
- We can't wait to have you back!! You looked like you were having a great time! :)
your mini vacation is over I take it?
your conclusion on prison and politics was profound! I'm clapping in my bed,just scared the dog.
2 hours early to my pst go navy
Cut Copy at #p4kfest is the answer to Daft Punk at Lollapalooza. The crowd is ready to esplode.
Stinky fruit??!!! Can't wait for them to cut into that!!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT !
Iron Steakhouse in Land Park. Much improved and very good.
random music recommendations have me feeling a surge of inspiration, why is it not 5 yet?
And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success. --Og Mandino
Don't know her, but love your mom.
The have had a winning record on the road...15 seasons in a row. How about them apples?
this is me , I can’t even keep my eyes open !
Come see Volture. Doors are already open!
Pfizer rep says sometimes initial ideas don't play out and too many times compounds sit on shelves or in a freezer, now they have a chance.
Messi's third
This weather calls for a great day
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on by tomorrow for our edible special! Donate for one, get the second 1/2 off!! See ya then!!
Eating a cookie dough blizzard !
Oh why hello, hello life I've always wanted. I see you've decided to start becoming reality...
guess Jose Mourinho is kicking himself for earlier comments, huh? Will be an interesting final for sure!
wuzzz up dude
If I had the chance to hurt you, like you did to me, I wouldn't take it.
Laying in bed, feeling like shit. Woo!
That's over wrking the muscles... Not safe my dear.
Just got tickets for Shecky's...yay
I'm great how's your summer (Coach) Jasmine!?(:
it's a poor sailor who learns his/her craft on calm seas.
whats good - what kind of tracks you looking for
Oh man. That was a close one.
cool, one of the top engneers in the city, have yo sounding right.
There's been a guy on my bus holding a Tom Brady picture. He's done in for three days in a row. I'm confused.
#VoicesILove Usher- You make me wanna
Why are people saying R.I.P 2009-2012? Nobody said that they broke up...? They're amazing no matter what..[S]army
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
Tip #207: When you try to FORCE someone to do something, it can affect their ACTIONS... but it rarely affects their HEART.
Brently forgetting diesel for the compressor.
thanks for the retweet!!
Can you elaborate?
Orgasms for science!
3 developer challenges: refine our skill set, preserve ideals &share what you know, says
I've been working on it on and off since Feb. It's a very rough draft, mind you.
"How great is the love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be called children of God! And that is what we are!" 1 John 3:1
I have no idea what that means, but see you tonight!
Drug dumpoff, gun buyback
Let's get this Monday over with
Just try using #twitter today. #football #signingday #guys have it locked up. LOL #politics to
partying :D
thanks! tell your friends! we haven't been down that way in over a year and a half.
you'll just be watching Tebow sittin in the bench. He can't stay on the field.
Stripper booty with a rack like woww
Touched the ground for the first time ever in plow pose tonight! #yoga Must have been the #pilates pre-work.
Our Johnny B Gouda may sell out today. Get it while you can!
#20ThingsAboutMe I fiercely over think.
Holperin recall will be decided on how voters feel about him leaving state in Feb.
Follow me so I can inbox you.
ok, but whats gone happen to me, curious..
It's Topanga's aka 's bday! In her honor everyone should watch Boy Meets World on MTV2 and have a
where is your car?
what happened? Status?
you're so welcome! Those kids were so excited to meet you, I'm so glad it happened.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I appreciate you.......
I wasn't paying attention to u as usual lol :P
Thanks, Tony! I'm aiming for 46 days in a row so I've got a long way to go, but so far this has been a good start.
But first I need to get through this ^%&^* semester :)
I'd love to get a blog and/or wiki started. Need staff to do it + more time!
okay! I love her!
Are they holding a special feature on recruiting violations?
Smoothie sounds good right about now
this day was ok even tho i didn't get to go where i wanted to
I have yet to receive an iTunes gift card. I need more money
EarthLink Offering Cloud, Security Services Bundles Through Channel - CRN
Welcome to the Vikings! We're excited to have you!
oh i thought the same thing and i'm about to make him go away lol
it's about as real as 's
"Criticial" (i.e., crucial): Guess it depends if the research will benefit the researcher's field of interest.
I just love this wonderful,kind,awesome singer named Selena Gomez
Going on 15 hours and still going strong.
Oh, and a #FF to my brother-in-law and great attorney!
WOW IT GOES DOWN IN PITTSBURGH PA NIGGAZ IS GETTING CAUGHT WIT BOMBS IN DA HOOD NO BS DAT SHIT CRAY
Audition for Suburgatory today... Thank you Tim Payne! Just getting in the room is a win.
You deserved every word. The Color Purple is magnificent.
you know it's a good day when you pack SPF & a sunhat in your day's bag. #halfday #nephew #sunshine (cc: )
many thanks! RT : #FF for those who make Indy the best.
happy developers write more innovative code (Matt Zumwalt, #or09) i'm going to bake them some brownies...
I will bring you guys our leftover table top barrels. Then it will be aging instead of sitting.
Halloween is the one night a year when a girl can dress up like a total slut and no other girls say anything about it
That was in most of my reading last semester; still couldn't tell you what it means.
References to awesome things, though! I dunno, I totally got sucked in, even beyond the refs. Maybe you didn't play enough D&D?
“: Thank you to the weird kids that texted me today saying "I see you."” <<<That's ironic
Getting over someone is the hardest thing to do but you have to sometime or another.
Spy photos, sure thing
When people touch my feet <<<< #footphobia <U+274C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
Yeah and I've been too lazy to re-dye it XD
who u goin wit
Just had a lunch-date with playwright/screenwriter Janine Salinas to discuss our new short film Dulce's Ashes!
First pumpkin bread of the season is in the oven! M ...
Tattoo being fixed soon :)
NP jazz music started as an Afro American aesthetic and was embraced by others and now is played by the world.
Play some Ferry
Z Time for a nap. Are you a big fan of the "Ciesta?" I must nap or I can't function.
meh, nothing important, just annoying!
Miss America 2012 where are the women judges
Out of al of our pictures together, you choose that one. WHY?
Check out this month's Inc. Magazine. We're an Inc. 5000 honoree & among the fastest growing private companies in America!!
ok cuz I felt that you didn't fools with your boy
Thoughts & prayers going out to Va. Tech community. Another shooting tragedy today. Senseless.
I think we have Mitt Romney's 2012 slogan.
Filippo Pozzato: I wasted my talent for too long
Are we going to remove the words holocaust and enslavement from books now because they evoke unpleasant feelings
#schools Bullying Prevention Tip #5 - CHALLENGE students to NOT be By-Standers..students involved in helping peers about the issue.
SHOUTOUT PLEASE LOVE YOU
My phone tried to autocorrect "cafes" into "cages." Well, that conversation almost got awkward...
Loving someone so much you do everything you can to make them happy <3
Early flight this AM. TPA-DTW-IND. Busy week ahead, then Pittsburgh and NYC next week.
Fun week marketing. Now time to tackle my screenplay this weekend. Come on, script. Let's do this!
You just made me feel like a
#thechew is all about cheese today, I'm stoked
OUT: Swedish Fish. IN: Aqua Life.
man I wish I was in the b so I could get some with you!
I only asked permission to tweet, and since they're minors, not sure what the rule is for publishing
Wrapped Intl Conf on Future #Holocaust Testimonies at W. Galilee College in Israel! Tks 2 Ghetto Fighters' House Museum, Partnership 2Gether
My favorite part of graduating? Finally having the opportunity to read all the books I actually WANT to read.
Is it wrong to believe in the resiliance of the human spirit.
Every time I pass a hot guy on campus, I wanna say "I don't normally dress like a bum" but then I realize that I DO always wear yoga pants.
The only rapper i really look up to is my brother young chi.Grind effort and dream is crazy.S/O
I know, right? Fear Street books were the best!
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!7
thanks to for coming out tonight!
how is dat..
Kind of unclear to me that Judge's role is material...
Lmfao , tell him he has genital herpes . ^__^
WOW my birthday is in 2 days haha
Spent afternoon trying to manage multiple blogs, emails and twitter names. I need to streamline my identity. Should have made banana bread
Our mission: 1. to reduce # of homeless pets in Oh
North London Wedding Flowers Specialists Pinks Weddings Launch New Website
#OccupyJax General Assembly meets today at 4pm, Community Garden group meeting at 5pm, both by the City Hall.
Damn 2000 tweets. What a "twittererbox" makes me feel like a lil belieber. & oh btw I still luv u ;)
Ballard High School's Homecoming Football Game is Friday October 15 @ Memorial Stadium-want to join us?
tonight at !! Get excited tonights gonna be a good night!
FUCK Twitter... I'm out...
Listening to Andy Sheppard, Michel Benita, Sebastian SPACEWALK, PART 2 - sci fi new age jazz? IT ROCKS!
Get out to tomorrow at in Pontiac! It's gonna be a riot!8pm $12 in advance $14/d
Thanks for the RT Eddie!
Relaxing in bed. Survived another day of speech class :/ so tired :( speeches are kinda scary & being nervous is exhausting. Gn.
We can't offer any discounts when the bats are on MAP, sorry. But you will definitely get free shipping!!
“I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living.” ~Robert Henri
haha dude that video is hella funny i was crackin up
You think ignoring all your problems will make everything better?
Dudes be talking shit
Just added a new Twitter tab! Now you can follow all of our tweets straight from facebook. OR find us on Twitter !
miss my bestfriend! :/
enjoy the most u can :) it's not going to be that fun tomorrow when the pain starts ;) lol
Scott Decksheimer (sdecksheimer) thanks for the follow.
Thank to for following. Have a good afternoon.
Big stop by Rutgers, Louisville turns it over on downs at mid-field
where are you dt?
The only thing more boring than a strings concert is a chorus concert full of songs I've never heard before in my entire life.
RT this if you feel like spending all day in bed...and also if you feel like drinking more whiskey later tonight!
I co-sign that!!! RT : When one door closes, another 1 opens !
Excited for tonight: featuring ! I'll be there with will YOU be?
Mommas got it!
Nothing:/ I'm just watching AGT! What about you? (:
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION.
it's customary for shoe companies to test future shoes in all black/white...he must like them. Good for adidas.
Thanks for the follow.
Don’t focus on the problem, focus on the solution! This is taken from one of the #SwordofTruth series. Easier said than done. Any advice?
Maybe try adding "lyrics" to your query next time...? That might weed out SOME of the stuff you didn't want to see....
Agreed! We have the same problem listing from home and the office. Definitely thinking about it for the next release!
fuckin cunts blew the game. now hope needs to blow me.. hahhaha
i have played my fav song for 3 hours straight
It's been a year since started Immaculatize.com. He is considering following his own advice sometime soon.
It's Gala Day!
hm well.
i love justin ciz his music helped me trough rough times and he gave me the feeling i am loved.
Im writting a song... lyrics and a piano accompaniment
Congratulations Team Triple Crown win girls 18U. Vivianne and Kaitlynn
Ooh baby give me one more chance (I want u back)
Let me get where Im going...
#1stAnniversaryAustin so proud i will always love you <3
Txs for update. RT : author says he misspoke and it will be out next week
Homework <tv.
Checking him out Now. Thanks.
! it's your lion
Earthquake in D.C. Wow!
Thanks for the talk today, looking forward to my first World this year!
#twittermarriage for sure
will be watching tonight! can't wait! =D
RT : ANYONE can be a fan of ANYTHING. There are no rules. <- And no two people HAVE to like the same thing.
Nothing , U ?
thanks man - u are very welcome. So good to have you out there!
If you're an entertainment lawyer who can pitch a project to networks please get a hold of me
cute text.
yeah I need to work there.
Happy to follow thanks for following me!
Obviously Worlds Peace did not intend to hit Harden or anyone else. He was just celebrating.
lololololol. Are you in wrestling for club day?
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that is always tryna ride for free
every technology, new or old has its place ;)
More Vinyl in stock in Amoeba Gold vinyl...limited edition..
Woo get to see tonight!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I've had enough of this concrete jungle
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Butler, Clarke, Coffee, Conecuh, Covington, Crenshaw, Dale, Escambia, Geneva, Henry, Houston,
we are launching in Nashville and want to get you guys on the site! Lets fix some cars together!
Go follow the fam He a Real Nigga and support Our #KrewsMusic !
bout to watch a movie!
my simple compliment: your thoughtful perspective helps broaden mine. thank you!
Wanna go practice #Karate in the garage?
Chasing Red trailer within the week.
Tanks! Much appreciated.
Everything I eat hurts my stomach. Dr tomorrow. Happy to be back on steady land, but I feel like I am dizzy and swaying still.
I've concluded that I'll never be able to run 13.1 miles in one day.
somehow im in a good mood
RT my last post to enter contest. Not the 3 days left post. Computer will generate the winner MAY 15th launch day. Thanks
I hear you on that!!!
Thanks so much for following us ..any allergies bothering you!? ;) Happy Tuesday!
-thanks for mention! Always appreciate the quality articles. Have a great weekend!
"Excuse me. Is this the back of the line? No, it’s the front of the line and we’re all standing backwards. Oooe!’ - Dice Clay
Just accepted an offer for a job that exceeds my expectations. As of February 8th I will no longer be unemployed! What a blessing from God.
Thank you to all my listeners, You've inspired me to keep writing.
alright I'm just go an watch now. Contacts out and everything. Live Tweet session?
Wonderful! RT : FOUND: Family of the lost elderly woman in Marathon, FL they're on their way to pick her up!
hey devendra! INNOVATE!!!! is awesome!
Ush! some people are so dumb!!
quit tweeting dumb sayings
OH my, math city?.. I look up to you Malcolm!
hey hey lil sissie daya~ good morning~ love you always & forever my dear lil sis~ have a zentastic day and take care <3
Until you get to school and everything's blocked. Haha.
How To Buy!
April has been a really eventful month :P
northern lights.
Happy for the broncos though
Reaction of instructor abt "things that go wrong"--the unexpected--can get students engaged. Excitement/curiosity is contagious.
Make Your Friday Better!!
RT : Happiness is a choice.
Working out of the studio today....
“: “Design is not synonymous with creativity.” /by ”
um yes it is !
Great fight, i love it
Awesome - thank you!
I've done no marketing/PR for my latest album yet... still deciding what to spend on. Thx for the lead. Is that your music?
Thanks for the follow. Loving your Santa Monica facility!!
Wow!! just said "He would take Rogers over any other QB in the #NFL, even Peyton,Brees,and Brady.
I'm cooking a big ole fancy dinner. I'm all wife-like today, ha! I hope I don't burn the hell out of it!
Hey, those Serbs should teach DC on how to pass a real budget, especially one that targets the deficit.
RT if you love gummy vitamins :)
Coming 2gether of #ows & #teaparty is GOP/Wall Street worst fear. What we have in common-corruption of our politicians by banks/oil/wealthy
Clayton Kershaw for Cy Young Award!!!
Lots more South Jersey reviews coming up soon, too...there may be some more names you will recognize.
votes are in for . amazing tonight!! can't believe he has gone this long without being discovered before idol
I have no label. on the other hand are a loyal member of a cult.Your rewards are campaign $ and advancement in Party Power
What's happening? A Pants off Dance off in Detroit. Dealwit.
And THAT is why soccer is the most exciting sport in the world. Most dramatic game I've ever seen
We just got a direct message asking where our walk-in store is at. We are at 4197 Memphis Ave. Cleveland Ohio 44144. Between Fulton/F.Prkway
: overheard on Congress, "I think that theater troop is re-enacting scenes from the bible?" "No dude, it's from King Kong!"
Yes, twice! First group got merged into another local group. 2nd group just launched 6 months ago & is now up to 51 members.
No days off.
Omg she said none of her projects have scopes...
“How do you say delicious in Cuban?” - Herman Cain
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount and Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S. 9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17(Thursday), Join us
sis ill be fine i promise and can you bring me a bucket im gonna puck again
My headphones just snapped somehow
Thanks for the follow Billy! Stop in for an #adjustment and talk #food sometime!
Watching a tree hugging film with ralph Nader And my wife
I don't want a relationship where people say 'they look cute together'. I want one where they say 'look how happy they are together.
bitch u socked me :( lol
Do anybody kno a good lawyer that can help u get ur license back
“: Loved the story ...lol Loved the "robbing the craddle" line. Should the police be notified???” right?!?!
os beat yankees dude
Hey!!! My regional TESOL association is looking for keynote speakers for a November conference. Who are your favorites?
i'll try to arrange something for you and the rest of my supporters outside US, can't make any promises yet
Can't wait for tonight!!!!
wow Bob! Great article about photo micrography, thanks!
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 2. There are no "dumb" questions, but many mistakes are made by not asking a question.
“: #Gemini needs substance to back up the style, or she will not be very happy in life.”swagger&appearance not enough
Check out this SlideShare Presentation on LinkedIn : Download - Valana Minerals Wholesale
No more shoppin for me, I promised myself that(:
Thanks for following looking forward to today's run!
fried rice & crab ragoons !
04/09/12: "Love yourself. Just remember that. Stop being jealous. You're not jealous. You're amazing. You're loved. You'll be loved."
Hawks, Sixers, Spurs! Pacers tomorrow :D
I thinking chewing on razorblades is starting to affect my health.
Want to help the environment and #Starofhope. Receive a free recycling pickup w/ donation of can food and/or toiletries
He who sees the truth let him proclaim it without asking who is for it or who is against it. ~Henry George
Not sure works, I retweeted a tweet that said SURE to follow back and yet to be followed. . .
did you go to the gem show? :)
Where and if you enjoy it do it!
The fact Dylan knows the words to Boyfriend >>
nice! i'm pumped to see this Joey Bosa kid on the DL for 2013.
Good morning world, time to start knocking out those lists
like seriously I just want to meet them and talk about normal things not about their pop life you know
word ok, and thanks ;) figured I'd give Bart a break lol
Yep you are so right we haven't played anyone. Or more importantly BEAT anyone!
Nice! Buddy? What color? The police found my scoot this weekend! :-D
There are models and the exact opposite and very little in between here in Cali
Oh no. What's wrong?
I guess JJ couldn't hack it in Israel and he can't in the NBA
Happy Friday = $4 glasses of wine till 4pm!
happy ending? Gotta do it right big man.
Give thanks to the Lord for HE IS GOOD, and His mercy endures FOREVER! Amen!
maybe #webOS could make its way into things like cars and kiosks. Those would fit #HP's desired consulting-based business model.
Thanks for the RTs folks. We know who you are.
YAMATO was the only one I remember vividly making it look good considering he went over the rail with him.
Oh My God. I would literally die! like Id stand up and start screaming and freaking out haha. Im literally soo sorry
I've never loved/hated anyone as much as I do
Potato bacon soup today made by Wow!
THANKS !!! - You should make one; you have the best style of anyone I know! :) RT: you're adorbs...
We met our fundraising goal - thank you! I couldn't do this without your friendship and support. Thank you again!!!
Daughter had her first seizure in almost two years, it was small and she came out of it on her own.
My segment with Steve Dolinksy ("a.k.a. The Hungry Hound") airs on ABC-7 today at 11 a.m. Find out about gems tucked into places!
Can't tell people nothing without them telling others smh. Can u keep things to yourself for once in your life, damn
thanks big homie!!
i am giving taskpaper a whirl for to-do's. i'll see how long i stick with it :)
aww!! thanks buddy!!
April fool!
A2. For anyone nowadays? North Korea! Let's see if I can land a NoKo trip in 20 years ;)
Affection deprived.
RESPECT MEH &&ND WHATS MiNE OR THAT'S YO ASS!..POiNT BLANK PERiOD...
it's worth it tho. A fine timepiece tells quite a story
Park Penthouse: My SD Home Garden cover story is making news Weds 8:15 a.m.-ish on KUSI TV
UK get that W!!!!!! LET'S MAKE THE DREAM GAME HAPPEN!!!!! #Cards #Cats FINAL 4!!! LOUISVILLE,KENTUCKY LEGGGOOOO
Why does Love Always Feel Like A BattleField</3
Reduce then produce. Save energy and money. From non profit CCSE. Http:WWW.reduceproduce.org before Oct 20.
My new school is HUGE! 1,300 high schoolers ! That's A LOT :O
Would you all be intrested in us doing an acoustic version of our song Symmetry, in the near future? Comment and tell us!
Cool! Yeah let me know when and whatsup!
Don't be too excited he's back. Soon you'll realize he's a shit person. Just wait. I know I'm waiting for it. It's coming.
Last night was amazing!!!!! Portraying the role of Effie White was extremely exciting!!! Headed to south Carolina to introduce Shena Renee!!
Point at dad's chest when it's hungry
Hey hope the new album is coming along for you guys, look forward to it!
Shane Dawson is still alive? :o
I'm hungry, someone feed me!
lol. He's the only exception. #alpha males can be single forever
Mr.Magoo made my Mother's Day official by puking on me in the car...-_-
It's in North by Northwest and Cary Grant has seen it.
Mahomies!! Help me convince my mom to let me go to the concert!! #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin!!! <3 please tweet me it!! Help Out!!
656 tweet for
great. Look forward to seeing. Tx
makes me so happy that twitter didnt exist in the 90`s.Made it harder for rappers to make a fool of themselves back then.
Even though I slept over 12hrs last night I'm still exhausted!
shitty I just woke up to Liverpool down 1-0 to Chelsea
#NeverShouldYouEver Eat a girl out when she on her period.
Since I was rudely awakened by that phone call,
I'm so down ;) Mamaw and papaw will b the deciding factors ;) love you!!
I'm really ashamed that this week Limp Bizkit is going to be my third most played artist. Now playing - Limp Bizkit: Nookie. :(
Relationships can get draining !
We met at D's office on Park last week, regarding the tv series, would love to talk you about broadcast schtuff I mentioned
Tom Bergeron never disappoints as best live tv host. ("Len will get his eyes checked during break").
The worst feeling is the guy you like the most likes your best friends and stops texting you to text her. <\3
Three different kinda food within 15 mins. I feel like i can eat the earth. Yummy tum yum
It's funny when your server tells they are sorry but they are very busy... Lol
behold: the genius of
I have no strong talents. I am only passionately curious.
I'm just sayin a gin and tonic sounds pretty tasty right about now!!!
Producers needs to allow and encourage the variety of roll playing whenever casting a character. Test their skills.
#BOYFRIENDreview its capturing the new bieber flavor new style the shift of voice & the chorus makes u wanna slow/fast dance<3
Um...I think we're out of Mango these days...
hey girl! Could you tweet me the pics!? Pretty please! :)
LMFAO. I just did the in the club. Not sure if anyone but me knows what that is.
I can't wait for prom! May 19th needs to hurry up.
Uh why would they start a Twitter account about what to do in life if we already know what to do
Ready for Nosotros? They'll be @ Salsa Under the Stars this Friday!
The rest of #smcatl was good. If you watch #FMC it was a lot of repetition.
The questions you ask today. Don't stop asking them after today. Ryan Vescio
hahaha im just reminding myself that he's been too good.
Whats on my mind is me worrying about them succeeding in life and being able to make it on their own...
i went to Crawford first semester now i go to Mira Mesa , But i AM GOING Back to Crawford (: wbu ?
Wow you all suck, everyone only joined because of
undercover writing. Lol :) sneak a verse in!! Always good to have quality time though.
I am exhausted!!!
I don't remember that. I wish there was a screenshot of Skinner telling everyone the school dance was canceled due to confusion
Little-known #Brewers fact: When tonight's game started, Vinnie Chulk was clean-shaven.
i don't think i could go a day without saying the word "fuck".
Where do you get your ideas from? Do you come up with all your own jokes? What do you think of Dane Cook?
someone needs to sing it to me lol
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be lead by your dreams.
We need to talk the third cover for Harmonics!
I somehow just got my hair to stay in a bun without any hair ties or bobby pins #soimpressed and
I get so excited when I get new hair products :p
2 for 1 Hash Caps today!!
Good game so far keep it going!
Question: What are you doing 7/7? Answer: HOBO PARTY!
thanks for the promo!
Proud of you.
Shill (2/2): I've known her since 1st grade. Rather talented and, I don't think she'd mind my saying, delightfully quirky.
i love u my friend grcey is the one who passed out with u backstage one night who had questions and all that make.
loved Australia!
is a loser
I have been asked to record a song for the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 tragedy. I feel very blessed and honored.
wait a second, thats why shes inviting me to her place ;) wait what? :O
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
We used to be best friends one day, next day we forgot eachother miss my old bf
why are you getting snappy I was just saying
yayyyy! im hanging out with today!!! can my day get any better? lol
It's raining, it's pouring This old lady is running She went to the treadmill and fell on her head And still got up and looked stunning
Thanks for the heads up! RT : WWII the Second World War in Color... Now on #IPTV Iowa Public TV. Check it?
Back to work after a great NCDD Summer Session at Harvard University
Never thought the 1st outside run of the year would be in Feb! But god it felt so good. Nice weather always makes me mad I pay for a gym.
An Elephant a Day Elephant No 176 Upholstery Foam - upholstery foam
Tequila isn't fixing my cold
always ya betch!!! You scoop any frat stars at fox fields?
juss walking in the door , bouta shower & find something to do since my baby don went to sleep on me <3 Goodnight World!
just traded sheet not to long ago....go me
RT : Bjork said it best. All is full of love. You'll be taken care of.
"You're a little cunt"
Now following a builder of #sustainable cardboard computers.
I hate when im sick and my voice sounds like im in a tunnel:/
College basketball >
You all should have your stickers in the next day or two. It's not my fault! Blame the USPS!
the jacksonville jaguars drafted the best nfl rookie names: Bryan Anger and Long Ding
Tony's Coneys here I come for like a week ahahhahaha
#DWTS think you all killed it tonight! Best of luck at results show tomorrow!
bella cant you say hi to mi sister she is your biggest fan. Please.
>> gotta love spring baseball at the 'lab'.
"Follow your hopes and dreams" ......... Okay- But wait- I already follow Justin on twitter.
#DidYouReallyJust flirt with my boyfriend? -.-
miss you guys!
Congrats to #Navy on their 10th consecutive win over Army in "America's Game"!
#TellTheWhiteHouse to stop caring what Republicans think. About anything.
Hahaha! RT @ Matt_Riggs: Why do I keep #dating all these pyromaniacs? Damn you, match.com.
you should re-open #GNR season so someone can nominate a bourbon chicken place
So did you get a lottery ticket?
Will you follow me?
I wouldn't focus on what you should say to them - engage them in a conversation and you might be shocked on the insight provided
OK I admit! Still a #wildgoosechase Still don't get it! HA! What is "FOTCL!" Should I know? =D
Missing warm sunny days in Seattle should not happen. Please remove all Twitter & Facebook post about the weather in Seattle
Check out my new post on www.shoppersmap.com An antique & retro blog.
thx! been meaning to ask: she wears this panda kigurumi at breakfast, but it's not sexual at all. we're not furries right?
Solutions? "Move your kids to the county... really, who wants to stay in Baltimore their whole life?" "Why should you have to move out?!"
yummy vegan Panini @ #BiteNYC , off-Broadway show #4thStreetTheatre, dessert #LulasSweetApothecary fun evening w/ Karen, Tony, Don, & Dave
WOW!!! its hotter than my a$$ in a mini skirt out here,,....
~The Entire C'SM Houston office!
Wake n Brew!!! (Wake up and Make Coffee) LMFAO
thank you!
Learned a new word today: idempotent. Describes a method that causes no change (like multiply by 1). Reminds me of definition of insanity...
C Benson or L Blount in at flex?
Thank You Thank You...
ridiculous bounce pass by Ty
Love that the lawyer is advising Maloof not to answer questions. It's like he's on trial.
If we encounter dark moments in this journey, then so be it. I think the real gift is really knowing.
Go listen to DIEBOMB! Get ready for the new stuff soon!
now updating Twitter through Google Buzz. now if only I can get it to update Facebook...
my friend barry would be very disappointed in me right now. he puts a lot of effort in his mac and cheese. and its delicious. it really is!
Unless your values cannot travel faster than the speed of light in a vacuum, do not tell me you believe in moral relativity, kids.
Congratulations on your anniversary! That might have been around when I met you, eh? (the Canadian ending intentional)
1000's of vacant homes across America in need of repairs equal jobs now America!!!!! No one is talking about this but me.
Ohh, so tired.
Great Organization to consider supporting.
Seems #xboxlive is down. Now must endure the ire of my kids who can't access streaming. Just peachy.
Adding the "ancient "
Nice, I love it when recommendation algorithms are spot on. Netflix recently recommended "Titanic 2" to me based on my history.
LOL it wasn't me it was you!
#WavingMyHand You will see this Tweet, even though I don't have internet, and you will call me tonight.
Praying that Miami loses
Good morning #TomorrowBook followers! Thank you guys for helping to developed our amazing search engine! Remember to add logos today!
If people can't see how Bmore biz prospers from #Ravens success they must have their head in the sand. O's could do it if they cared!
iconiacs for life ^.^
Pretty sure I just saw ! :)
wow Mt Baker has gotten 104" of snow in the past 6 days. That's insane!
I just cleaned my Twitter...lost over 200 followers..less I didn't lose them..I deleted them..bad, bad followers
GET REAL! True Success has a HIGH PRICE that most are not willing to PAY...yet they are disappointed by what they got for what they spent!
Having a party for the #holidays ? Still looking for a caterer? LiLLiES provides excellent full svc offsite #catering ! Msg us for details!
Listening to Rainbows! Most underrated dude in the game.
Headband on deck. get at me
haha that's not a lame excuse. I had to get my haircut though at 7. So I couldn't make it if I wanted to.
#azabbgic2012 - 1st time in 12 years im not there- instead at #mainevent w/ w/ another former int'l N'siah, Marcy Rosenbaum!
HA! Sadly, I had the same fear!
she annoys the living #SHIT outta me.
Just finished up in the studio about to go to sleep for a couple hrs!!! I'm tired y'all!
i just want it to be summer already
I agree with Rashard Mendenhall...he's spot on about 9 11...I dunno about all that "God" stuff though. LOL
blessed and thankful
Out of Freeroll with Top pair/flush draw vs top set...oh well...still got the $5k to take down!
Oh no! Which ones were put to rest? I think we can help on the new pair too! :-)
Dude I'm sunlight wasted.
The entire Royals roster will be on the disabled list by July.
hilarious when Jacob couldnt find a bright spot. The draft was another reason that org frustrates the heck out of u
You are the weakest link, goodbye
Haha, phew!! And absolutely! I has so much fun, and it was great to meet you!!
what do you indorse now big brother?
#FF Massachusetts Libraries:
kk love you very much and i did have to say sorry :D and bye :<3
Lol. She will be back tomorrowww!!! At least i think..
Tune to WSFA-TV Ch.12 @ 5 p.m. for comments on AL's ranking in 2011 KIDS COUNT DATA BOOK, Thanks Bryan Henry!
Just experienced my first iAd on an iPad app. Should probably get used to seeing those.
I was born without ANY limiting beliefs. Today, I let go of any judgments, opinions or misperceptions I have about my acting career.
i am so up right now
On some shit I def shouldn't be doing #ohwell the person I need most is dying the second most important person isn't here
rock for love 3 in memphis this weekend. special guests to boot!
RT : Having a conversation about trust// Had that earlier fam 2day, :-/ lol
same, but I actually have to agree with her at some point. so moms are def ALWAYS right lol
Girls' Night Out!
Tyler's little speech about find me SOBS
The rabbi's sermon was basically an excuse for shtick.
Will we see you at tonight for Kansas City Moving Images - a selection of short films by local and regional film makers?
Shoutout on her bday hope you enjoy it :)
Appearance of the
Part of what makes him great though.
Great brands make a contribution to culture. Lesser brands make a contribution to disease (cancer, obesity, heart attack)
#AskAlexConstancio favourite meal of the day?
Hi! Can we do 7:15? Leaving downtown now. Hope you get this in time, and I'll see you soon!!
It's Friday...
. Yep. The author and I used to work in radio together in the early 90's. He has a YA called PANDEMIA.
oh theyd love that, theyd have a ball! Lol
Thank you much for the RT of None of This (the abridged title :)). Hope it's been a good day for you!
Coming to TLA? Tenn-Share Electronic Resources program, 3:30 on Thursday. TEL news! new free language learning database! new discounts!
Project X is one of the best movies I have ever seen!
No doubt. Fetching, I believe the word would be. Enjoy your evening, my friend.
I can feel my brain doing something here ....
That is awesome. I didn't even used to LIKE ! ;)
Tyrn New Things <3 I learn make for better ways !
So do I. How is that possible?
But a useful fiction, like 'Communists in Congress' or 'voter fraud' RT A "welfare queen" is not an actual thing that exists.
Thanks everyone who voted! Results in October 5!
heck yeah! You should sneak down with him for a few days
Great time speaking to the women of Ginger Creek Community Church this a.m. Still pondering a couple questions they asked....
You get em framed? How much cost? We might be able to hook you up.
I spend a lot of time thinking about where I want to _visit_ next. (and not on pinterest) does that count?
lmaoo! her concert was amazing!! I would totally go & see it again!
Havin been on twitter for a min. Its holloween.:D
Thanks for the info!
Congrats! Been sick all week but if I'm up for it I'll be there too :)
Quit Facebook again. This time for good, I hope. Mental age of many of my friends on it--and honestly, myself--is about seven.
my tits
Tronny is on the move. News at 11.
Than you so much we REALLY appreciate it!
see!..great minds.
#current McCain's wife just looks pretty. Michelle is pumping hands and gathering feedback! What can't the "others" see?
RT If you get a product for free, you are not the customer. You are the product.--
That shits awesome
when ever you ready
Winter #golfing! Where do you usually play?
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come
Ashton Kutcher was at the Kentucky Derby....
Taylor gave selena n Justin a hug
my cousin lost 9 pounds from being sick for 4 days.
Not thrilled to see calling this as a "must-read." Does that imply an endorsement? (2/3)
roasting transforms the product into the finished product. If one tried selling green coffee beans as "local" I'd say no
Excuse my charisma
Is it more helpful for museums to get feedback from visiting students or their teachers?
how you gonna do a brotha like that you don't see this new knee?!
(c) itself was kind of.... bleh
Hey collegiettes™! Don't forget to vote for HC's #homecoming nominees & and our campus cutie Roman Nelson!
bummer ... no peanut butter cookies at my local Mrs. Fields :(
RT : The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: OPEN" Is this the first of the year? Hope this helps them get a W!
How do you like your men??!!
That's dope. What type of business' u trying to start?
I just can't do it I get destracted to easily
Got some news for you steeler news for you guys and girls
#It'sFriday Tel ya coworkers off
“: Alright guys… Hambino sandwich or hot dog at the game tonite?!” ...Garlic Fries!!!!
Like momma Cheryl said, I'm the only one left to go on a mission trip.
Getting ready to be 3 different people at once on a tweet chat. Here we go.
CONGRATS TO JEANETTE IERVOLINO!!!! YOU ARE THE SEASON PASS WINNER FOR OUR TEXT LIST RAFFLE!!! HOPE TO SEE YOU OFTEN!!
What do you think about today's game?
#NationalFibromyalgiaDay My passion in life is sports & politics. I no longer can sit through a sporting event. The chronic pain? Disabling.
haha, that's what abhi, niyati, and I are doing too haha. those old guys killed it
Amazon is so overpriced. What happen to that being the site to go for a deal??
Tornados near Papa Johns tonight but no touchdowns reported, so nothing unusual for Louisville Cardinal football fans
A man loses contact with reality if he is not surrounded by his books. - F. Mitterand
Excellence can be attained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think...
I bet could learn a thing or two from you! Thanks for joining Twitter Thrissy. Words to live by!
Getting ready to play for the CD release party for Maurice Mohan at 650 N Dearborn in Chicago
Business After Hours tonight at AmericInn Hotel & Suites - 9780 North by Northeast Blvd. - Fishers
Getting to do something very cool tonight! Will post a pic later!!!! (: so excited!
Founder versus owner mindset in a startup: which r you?
#mudmelt Ann Pendelton:how to work both of the split narratives of higher Ed-"elite humanist" & workforce prep.
Do they still make Gallo wine? Haven't seen that it years!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men writing inappropriate/uninvited "come on" things on your PHOTOS..it's an album, it'll be there forever!
Love LA, hate the traffic AND the douchebag on the bike who keeps making the lights before me.
If any of you have good art fair build-out images for upcoming weekend - send 'em my way please...
Thank you Whataburger for making my night now Pandora till I crash
Finally got my hair done :]
Great website. Sorry for the unfollow but bouncing on twitter limits, Keep up the good work Seth
Hello. What do you mean by "knock it off?" Are you upset? Tony at tony calvano dawt cawm.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will be at Explora today.
Jury to hear closing arguments now in case against former SDPD traffic cop accused of assaulting females
it's nice to see the stars. don't get it in the city.
That's clear enough. you can get anywhere from Earl's Court, right?
sorry you're dealing with all this drama Bro. Corley.
Thunder and rain, it has arrived. Thank you Jess and everyone who was present tonight. I hope y'all come back to see us again.
Hahaha anyone else watching this Bulls v. Heat game?! Awesome
God loves us too much to allow us to stay tied to anyone or anything that does not bring out the best in us.
Knock It Out
like i said, I don't need to battle her. My spot is solidified! Its just crazy she battling chicks with 0% chance.
Love this! RT : "Courage is nothing more than taking one step more than you think you can." -Holly Lisle
I go in on every track & flow 100% ... I hate when people say" for a chick she ridin out " No as a artist im rippin shit period point blank
Teasing Georgia. Shall I write a song about that gorgeous flower?
cool then
Done for the week
in NYC now! Going to va for a few days again tomorrow cause I have a class on Wednesday!
DID YOU RECEIVE MY EMAIL??
Yum! Enjoying with the Bhavans!
Hoop session 24 hour fitness Manteca ca come thru
Spread The Love! <3
RT : Join us for an Artist Meet & Greet with our new director, Elizabeth Dunbar. Tonight! 6-8pm. Free Refreshments!
Looking forward to hosting a UWEBC retreat on 3/24 focusing on promotional strategies, paid search, and mobile commerce.
Spread the word - #HyattABQ isn't a 4 diamond hotel anymore! BC we have horrid service and a run down hotel
Happiness will NEVER come to those who do not appreciate what they already have.
Like May 11th. You got any better?
YOU ALL SHOULD COME OVER AND WE'LL WATCH IT THEN K
how do trannys figure into the whole marriage issue?
It's all about the squats
Good night :)
pan de sal!!
Which horror film did you see that day instead?
We found some eggs in the outdoor garden.
Anyone using Google+??
I love you guys more than I love food.... And that's just crazy. Xo
and that old nigga snoring
thanks bro
I just wanna take it nice n slow
Why am I awake?? Lol
Are you in the Portland Bike Club? Follow for info on the latest perks and discounts.
As long as I can write in a presidential candidate, the primary resultz do not matter for I will write in Ron Paul name !!
Studying my lines for an Alice in Wonderland show tomorrow. Fun!
RT : World #Malaria Day is just around the corner. In the fight to prevent malaria in #pregnancy, what accomplishments have been...
Yeah I drink so what. Nobody can tell me not to I'm legal.
Tonight's skills development with DNP (Damn Near Perferct)!
On our way to Big Bear! Yay! So excited!
spout partisan political pablum 4 their uber wealthy masters. Taxes rose when nec. even during the Reagan admin
Having a better night. Wrapping Christmas presents with my sister while listening to my nephew Gabriel(6 months) giggling. I love it :]
LIEUTENANT "CRIES LIKE AN INFANT WHEN HIS BF TEXTS HIM REALLY SWEET THINGS", REPORTING FOR DUTY [does 10000 pushups]
Definitely. Dont even get me started on the Red Sox right now haha
The more I change direction, the wilder the road becomes. ~Chao Yi
can you post the studio version on your youtube asap? :))))))
Yep RT : Enjoy watching fans over-analyse close losses... It's baseball... things happen!
I'll stick to the original.
Check out Week 7 of the w/ Tonight at 7:40 W/ on
and The Dowager Countess is appalled that she missed out on an evening of debauchery.
c'mon this is the only way u can show and see real #Talents!!
u got a single u pushing?
How did I never watch RESCUE ME when it was on tv? It's amazing and right up my alley!! Currently busting through season 4!
It felt good to have a week off and away from technology. But, I'm back and in full swing.
Im bout to turn up shit bout to get #Rachet in dis bitch lol
Headed to the gym then the studio!!!!
#BackInElementarySchool everybody was friends, there was no drama, & no reputation.
The timing and structure...
baby boo
About to check out a presentation at VMWare: Adobe Flex and Cloud Computing.
Hang on #Bucks!!!
RT Well that's annoying. Certain Kindle Books only work on Kindle Fire or Kindle for Android. Why not Kindle for iOS?!
I need yo number! So I can hit ya up! Haha
My twin needs to save me -_-
Thanks bringing yummyness to 's exclusive media reception! Thanks again
lol dnt hate on my family boo!!
Rediscovering the Sames' You Are The Sames.
argh - flight has mechanical problems. Will miss my connection in DTW
S/o out to the New Followers. Much Love to yall! , , and
why do i keep running from the truth, all i ever think about is...
RT : “Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.”-Fyodor Dostoyevsky
and you know the Baltimore-Washington area will eat it up
That was then, and this is now.
Reasons why I don't like living with my mother: 3. I have to explain where I'm going and with who... Like does it really matter???
I want to notice me if won't... *sighs* never giving up :)
Thanks for the shout out! We love seeing posts like this.
Glad you found that link useful!
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
Had an awesome time speaking to the women of Azusa World Ministries.
RT : We have installed thousands of #doors in #Denver alone. Don't trust your #security to anyone else!...
how long of a leash does aramis have... im ready to pull the plug on him already. he just aint seeing the ball. sit him.
lbi for the week...
exactly! Lol I did the same thing except I've been laying down since 9:30ish lol imma be hella tired at school tomorrow! DX
Thank you for all your work!!!
We're supposed to have a tsunami drill this AM and in typical island fashion, it's way behind schedule.
baby you light my world like no body else<3
well i got company on the way gnite twitter. be on da look out 4 my first video, aintisentimental its very organized,S/O one nine, great job
Actors! The new acting blog post is up - "Making the Choice."
This is one of those mornings where I'll be picking the marshmallows out of the Lucky Charms and throwing the rest away.
Great win. Now hitting Stacey's in stallis.
www.lynda.com. 25 bucks for a month's subscription.
I had 6 thats right, SIX snack packs in TWO days. Whats the most of a strangest thing you've ever eaten??
No lucky catches on the helmut this year.....
>Thank You, We Should Get You a Photoshoot Together, What Area Are You Located
If this day keeps trying to test me, I'm going to turn into a Real Housewife and rip out it's weave.
What a night this has turned into!?
WM: Can we turn the term on its head & use it to define musics that have become global in their reach/performance/localism?
:) Thank you!
ah :) would be cool... had a lot of random interest in the trip... tho if they buy i wouldn't be able capitalize on it now
I Love LA
Dissertation director acquired. Now for a couple readers and a title...
Aluminum beer bottle are prob the best invention. #cans>bottles
would frontline fundraisers even want u to set up a socmedia dashboard for them?
#fridaylistens Finished Affair by Child read by Dick Hill - excellent narrator. Started Capitol Game by Haig read by Scott Brick - my fave!
Nfl draft - around corner
"I was born when you kissed me. I lived while you loved me. I died when you left me."
gyros from the Parthenon downtown
It's all about the #Bruins and #Celtics baby!
I got my ass kicked by my friend ripley whil playing mortal kombat vs dc universe.
Guess what movie I watched last night???
Can you please tweet our event at on May 8th we'll be performing! Come check us out!
I guess I'll take your word for it. I have had my iPhone since December and have little issues with it, except for battery.
i know! Lol
I haven't paid to submit to show my work in years. Can't stand that model.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
we were always the last stop, and it was crazy. I just left the tap open & kept putting glasses under
That's just depressing.
We are looking forward to it! :)
hahahah why are you not sharing the treadmill?! lol
Goodnight world
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Greek lemon Chicken, tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, ravioli Florentine, Lentil!
S/O to for chatting with if you missed that interview go to www.blogtalkradio.com/lawlessra
Im going to fucking Hawaii..scratch that I meant Florida!..scratch that I mean the Dells
no. so i guess i'm still in book 1 then. thank you!
that would be great! We should have a link by tomorrow.
#Marry the person who knocks u off ur balance & laughs w/u while u gain composure, stronger. Then walks straight ahead with you.
bwhahaha “: RT Marriage = Betting someone half your shit that you'll love them forever.”
: how are you? I hope to catch up soon. Your beautiful ice is featured in our video of the ITLM cocktail ...
Mind if I steal your icon lol?(:
Hilarious real-life diversion! Just what I needed to read!
Oh, crap. Now I can't get "I wanna dance with somebody" out of my head. Flashing back to the 80s!
Beer Garden Sponsors: , Blue Mountain Brewery, South Street Brewery,
Love it when you're on the show!!
i'm pretty sure you are right about that!
Great! So they Tweet independently, but do they all contribute as admins in the museum Facebook page?
If you asked me how I'm doin I would say I'm doin just fine, I would lie and say that you're not on my mind.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
yep here in 33 mins!!! :D
twitter on phone > twitter on computer
Yep. Needs 2 be door to ur house..come on in RT : A4: "Fans aren't valuable if they only engage w/you one time"
love it when people text you "hey" and then never answer back...
I remember begging my neighbor to drive me to pick it up on cassette! "The Downward Spiral" was released today in 1994. VIA
You guys look great! Happy Purim to you and the family.
Hi Tommy, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
A man shall NEVER use emoticons when texting with another man.
in silent lunch.
keep it n check this week Last time we played IU u got a lil rambunctious. Let's do the talkin after we take care of business
#GreaterThanMoment Nice score! You're married now!
even better! was too windy last time lol
Please consider attending the first Associate Member Ceremony on campus in the Butler Pavilion Boardroom on Sat 2/18 at 4pm
Quote of the Day - Dude. #forrealz. I hate everything. So does Alexis.
Oh that's a tough call! Let me know if you want any quotes. I'm happy to help!
Follow Mr. King here
you know it.
the seagulls in Seattle just received warning
Lightning and thunder outside and the first fireflies of summer.
You guys are all awesome! :D
Psst! We're closing. Our founder opened #socialmedia shop & creative team is now Follow us there!
#ff interesting, fun & engaging
YES!!! I could use a few massages at CSA! Less than 4 weeks and I'll get one!
~~Thanks for the follow!
Stop the Ban has a press conference on Tuesday March 8th! Any media-istas out there want more info?
Cubs still in last place, proof again world wont end, info you may or may not like :)
First look at the today since they'll be televised in Texas... Going to be a great day today!
You wear white. And I'll ware out the words "I love you & you're beautiful." .
Did I miss it? I never watch, but this I have to see.
I was just tweeting with about that on side. I actually CALLED him on phone today. How old-fashioned!
u tell them lola, dont have that shit!
Mention u saw us on twitter for a free hello kitty goodie bag with free gifts!! :)
#MBAVseason2 let's trend it my babysitters a vampire lovers!!!!
I spilled red paint on the carpet :'(
awe! wally is cleaning the fuck outta rebel. and rebel keeps trying to run away from him.
Remembering Mahatma Gandhi - 61st years ago today was assassinated
It's hard not to cry... <U+E411>
Very cute owl I must say...wild eyes! Seems she's made a nest on our front porch...
I know one day you'll notice & follow me but I guess tonight isn't my night... Anyways goodnight Madison :) <3
Madonna is a American Icon..Have never been the biggest fan,thou she deserves a Hell of alot more respect than what she received.Well done!
“: GUESS WHAT!!!! #PregnancyProject airs this Friday on #Lifetime. Are you going to watch it?! I AM I AM!!”
A typical Michelle Obama outfit is more than my mortgage payment...By a factor of three!
Nicely done, I really set that one up for you, hopefully I get the assist.
what's wrong baby girl?
Check out #Mullen Boston for PR internships (that can lead to a job).
so what's ur predictions on the matches tonight for
my time was 29 i think idk
hm.. Now you tell me.
You're most welcome! >> : Thank you :)
Narv-Dog and Gamel done for the year, now Gomez on the DL, the crew can't catch a break
thank you
Never feel sorry for yourself
#ImSickOf always being picked up late. & its like she does it every single freaking day.
“: "America's Most Hated Family" - everyone needs to watch it on NatGeo right now” kardashians?
Looking for solid enterprise mobile development 'best practices' info. Hit me...
why have police blocked all of dekalb avenue?
you just made my night <U+2665>
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
drop some food off at a homeless shelter.
Thought the same thing when I heard it, but its true. They have a fancy 6pack sampler box and everything.
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID! This Wed! Apr11 w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!
Ha. I remember that game, but never really got into it (seemed terribly boring). Island looks lovely, though!
Thanks for yesterday's retweets! Great conversation -
you have the spartan hookup
No he left this morning
People that write checks......nevermind, they wont see this anyway
Can I just fall asleep listening to your #heartbeat <3
Talked to a few #smwwdc attendees this week and your metrics discussion received a lot of praise.
Thanks for the feedback! Glad you had a great time.
How does ereader type (kindle vs ipad) affect our understanding of old texts?
Stuck in traffic and I really have to pee.
This just in: A NEW RECORD! More than 750 in attendance at MarkLogic World!
good question, especially considering TSN's lovefest with the world jrs
starts this week......
Like different personalities?
if ur an artist who send ThaCW stuff but dnt support other artist by listens DL or w/e how/why do u expect for others 2 do the same 4 u!!!
I had not considered those, but yeah, that could get ugly real quick.
That's one of my most favorite songs ever!
I want to RT you on my Twitter stream & FB Page. Post your inspiring tweet to (no links pls)
I know bro..
Israel sends an average of over 200 full trucks a day of food, medicine, clothes and other goods to the West Bank every day
coffee and food are great but I wish I had a cab to get home
see how tired Omer is, this is why I wanted Noah to get a few minutes. but if he can't go, he can't go
Broke people make me sick.
I have neighbors like that right now, just throw in a huge barking dog in the backyard they neglect.
If you have some time on hand check out some new music. goo.gl/cP4DW
Wine and Canvas LA tonight at Jerry's Deli in Westwood village! Love this creative, joy spreading job!!!
Arizona adds another weapon that Kolb won't be able to get the ball to.
in bologna - where should get some good bolognese?
Still looking out for Owner/Operators to run under our Quick Fleet authority...
should eat NY Style Pizza more often because that was without a doubt her best performance ever tonight:)
European circus in town - Inside Tucson Business European circus in town Inside Tucson Business by Herb Stratford UApresents hosts Zoppe
has a worse relationship with the truth than I do.
Says the guy that told me to
was his title an oxymoron ?
wow so kind of you!! Thank you very much.
Yes.. Haha ! But your cover of #1 girl was awesome !!
Doors just opened for tonights performance of !! mention us in a tweet in your here for the shows tonight!!
The black angus filet mignon looks delicious! We can't wait to try it :)
In the last two months, Ryan Adams, , , The Black Keys and then in April. Life is good.
Hopespin hopes you guys have a great Friday! Stay safe :)
need a man. now.
I'd like the record to show I've been a fan, since before it was cool... #HockeyHipster :)
I need a ME day nails, eyebrows, facial a little shopping and a massage (:
There's just something about Snoop Dogg's face that makes me super uncomfortable.
Seeing people all over my Facebook graduating and getting out of school, and I'm still getting homework daily.
I swear it don't seem like we have school tomorrow.
Follow Friday... please ask your followers to follow us and support "Banner Day" www.worldchampionfans.com
Ready for summer.
who did she follow? <U+E107> Lucky
I truly appreciate you. Go make it happen today! Tweet cha lata!
beautiful video... great use of social trends to build awareness
Two shoots in opposite corners of state. Will spend hours on road. But the story is great, the roads clear and Ron has good tunes on iPod.
smells like bacon
At the ASALH annual meeting in Richmond VA! Session about Frederick Douglass
Foxes. Heat-seeking missiles. Baracudas.
-- woman's desire / deeply rooted / the wild violets #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
what neighborhood?
RT : Just got off the phone with and (aka my mini me) and I <3 them all
What a crazy Mongo New Year! Thanks to everyone who came out to Beach Club
Just saw the moon, Jupiter, and Venus, all in a row. My day is now complete.
I hear you will be in Seattle this week...Will you be here for long? Will you have time to meet for Lunch/Coffee?
We're on the way! Looking forward to 's Harry Balzer and 's keynotes!
RT : Make this day joyful by filling it with joy. The more you choose to experience it, the more joy there will be.
This shit is getting old...
Chris Paul and Blake Griffin both started tonight for the Clippers. Game is underway.
Need another song! Barbie Girl's almost done!
Check out my tweets from today i have my life planned out!
“: True fact me and nick were the same height in the summer and now when we stand next to each other he towers over me ):”
FYI - don't follow links in any DM's that say "lol, is this you" or "this is really funny"
my sister is weird
HireUp - interview selection turned into a game
Mikey was just on my tv omg ilysm fangirlingggg
since I can't go can we meet up somewhere?
My mom just texted me to ask if I could rig the giveaway so her friend would win. WTF?
You Still Have All Of My Heart. <3
Edvard Munch's famous painting The Scream is NOT up for auction. It is another version of it he drew with pastels that may go for $200 mil.
Thanks for the follow and mention !
that's for sure; haven't been too involved in MD's conservation efforts. i know MICA (my school) has a good recycling prog
My friend, , should have her own show on the Food Network! yummy and beautiful supper last night!
The word BURGLED amuses me
"Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted."-Matthew 5:4
Being weird is more fun when you are surrounded by other weird people. In this, I am blessed.
no we'll go at 4 x
I think its time to change my background
Feel like I'm having a middle-aged crisis watching all this Sex in the City
Which ones are you bidding on?
"Why are you crying?" " I listened to Free Bird by accident."
welcome to Twitter
And now I'm done whining about church. Soon there will be basketball to critique. And my hoards of followers can't wait.
interesting, I seemed to have recovered nicely from not really doing shit. #feelgood, tho I'll prob die this weekend
Twitter TBH. Message me.
cool. Thanks. Was wondering because I had seen something about tickets.
thnx RT : great updates and healthcare msg call tonight.Thanks and David Simas.
What color was your day? Mine was white. (Interesting party question tonight)
Ready for rock to put boot to asses
oxymorons are like that. However I did have a pair of UA fleece pants, black with a tux like stripe. Hm
I'm so punk even when I have sex it's DIY.
omfg, that was soo fucking nasty. some people have absolutely NO SHAME !
why are u sorry?????
Heading over to to check out the restaurant scene & happy hours - , , & Flemings
Our latest venture is set to launch in days. We have been working to perfect it and also figure out a way for you to get paid.
Ready to watch you play some football!!
The very definition of settling down. Ace-quality recovery.
thx for your support and RT :)
I Love March Madness <3
Woman! Some of us hv to work tomorrow.
Went 2 a family wedding today, someone had an idea "lets put goldfish in the water of all the centerpieces" Bad idea!Dead goldfish everywhre
#sxswmygrocerystore Gentlemen: the verdict is in. If you fashion yourself in the hipster set, laminate wooden canes seen nearly every aisle.
Looks like it's pizza for lunch today! Thanks guys!
Happy birthday to ! It's your day bro
RAPE NO LUBE RT SNEAKERHEAD FACT: NIKE paid Carolyn Davidson $35 to design the NIKE SWOOSH logo in 1971.
Nothing much in Language class . Hbu Alex ?
for me?
Hey Terri, how are you?
THE CORNER??!!
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Cleaning and doing laundry,then grocery shopping later,then hitting the gym with bestie..
Nice! Congrats & I look forward to seeing more from with your Superhero PR powers!
breaking out of the new Long Island office for some RnR.
Thanks for the haircut stunting' lyk mah daddy. ;)
#mudmelt B. Berrie, chemist for nat'l gallery of art publishes with both chemists & artists.
Thanks for following!
looks cool but a bit pricey
Is that for real? Or a one off?
i don't think so...
algorithm #fail: news feed recognizes posts about Chinese New Year in English only. Plus no recognition of Lunar New Year.
True, that would be cheatN : Yeah but it's not like boosters are giving UK players prepaid debit cards or anything.
Substance Abuse Conference features recovery: A proactive approach to drug ... - Eastern Arizona Courier
2012 Seattle Wine Awards Results to be announced June 1!
Procrastination at its finest.
also, Y U NO USE LaTeX
Am I dreaning?
Love the iPhone app. Works as it's supposed to and so convenient. Earns my loyalty.
Woke up and still can't fully process what I saw on #NCISLA last night. It may take all summer. Ugh.
Only thing special about this exam is that I do great and it helps colleges look at me
I'm done on here
I want to thank you for the ARC my students will love it! I can't wait to read it!
i just can't sleep tonight, knowing things ain't right...<U+2665>
That was definitely weird. Earthquake in Washington DC!
#imagine Austin:ive commited a crime,I stole *yournames* heart,How am i supposed to tell mom this?<U+2665> -anna
Happy Hour til 7pm! $3 rail drinks, house wine, select drafts! Come visit Jeff on the bar!
Going to the movies with my Husband to see Babies! Woo-hoo!
All of Herschel Walkers family stickers prevent him from seeing through the back window of his car.
Great to have you back in the US. How are you liking ? Have considered using it.
If a person owns a piece of land do they own it all the way down to the core of the earth?
Where words fail. Music speaks
#ArizonaWildcats Feared u were Alien Abducted passing thru Roswell, NM in route . Glad you're a Wildcat again
why?? Was it because of rain?? :o
Choking up a lung laughing seeing Laugh At My Pain for very 1st time w/ on ...
Its official: nobody likes you b/c you call people "cats" : It's official: Arian Foster is the most interesting cat I talk to
all of the girls at the ONE Hooters are sexier than any Hooters employee in the entire U.S.
Join Ohioana's own David Weaver in this event celebrating the life of Ohio State University alumna and legendary soprano of the 1930s,...
Every goal has a process. The process is as important as the goal... so any goal without a process is just a dream. What's your process?
You'd have to think they'd grab MKG. He stands to fit with anyone given his complete skill set.
I should work on being petty, I am the Durham Bulls compared to others who play it like the Yankees.
Thirsty Perch
Drew Barrymore is reportedly set to wed boyfriend Will Kopelman. The two have been romantically linked since early last year
Shout out to MMG
Lets the excuses begin..
On Lilac Festival duty today! It's a beautiful day :)
RT: bullying needs to stop kids r dieing all around the world bc of bullying!! Don't just stand their DO SOMETHING!!
#oomf is really feeling themselves' a little too much, but hey someone's gotta do it.
A kid is drawing "spider pig" from the Simpsons on the chalkboard in the middle of this lecture...and he shows no signs of slowing down
crap. Good married man response.
The kids I am babysitting are so funny lol
i will do the NEXT fan requested track at 75 LIKES!!!!! SO KEEP THEM COMING!!!!!
RUSTYS OLD 50 is up and running this Monday evening.
wait really i thought the outside was just like skin and stuff ??
Wow, great review! Congrats!
Put the brand first. It's been around 150 years. What can we do to ensure it's around for 150 more? Burberry
#schoolmemories saying the pledge of allegiance over the intercom in first grade (:
Cocaine crazy like my daddy!!!!
Happy Birthday
They were good! Great to see you. Thanks for sharing your concerns.
Going deep throat into Evangelical Republican territory (Wheaton IL)...
Cabbies have their own views on politics, religion, and sports, the three most dangerous intersections in the city.
Sometimes you say, "Oh, I didn't get much accomplished today." I'm out to one-up that. I'm going to less than has ever been done before.
Huh! I don't watch TV Sunday mornings. Will have to seek it out,
Bug bites may be to blame for a flight quarantine in Chicago that last for 3 hours yesterday - yikes!
1,005th tweet s/o goes to !
Coming Monday, we're starting a series on succession planning at businesses. Check it out in the Learning Center.
heyy twitter i am back i whent to go eat dinner and see a movie with my vos and bro i got bakc 2 hours ago and i just got out the shower!!
Bout this time last year I was trying to buy a minicoop from a friend. LOL
Thank you #ShineYourDivine with us!
hey! Replace my name right there.
#mudmelt Berrie: take delight in your work and investigations. Be curious....
damn son, you need more agee around. get you out of this camus shit.
Middle finger in the air cause I don't really care.
Rick Santorum loves government programs. Is that the new definition of conservatism?
Don't sweat the small stuff, life is hard enough. I thank the lord above, we got a great big love.
I just know that is gonna rock the role of Effie Trinket...like totally.
headed to the ice rink for a lesson with my freestyle coach.
BIO Thanks Senators Lugar, Conrad for Supporting Farm Energy
Thanks for connecting. You are in my home town of Columbus, Ohio.
Private Event Toy Rep At Your Service! Send me a DM for booking :)
Tell me about what you're doing and I'll retweet it! Are you in a play? Do you have a short film? A trailer for your next movie? Share!!
Weed Leaf THC - Bright Hippie style Cannabis leaf THC t-shirt design
maybe Iris tweeted for me
Are You Against Bulling? :)
what is it?
In life there are winners, losers, and those who learn from being both.
I'm trying to think of a new product or service to offer for a class. What are some societal problems that you feel need to be solved?
Thank u :)
Hello Mac, Thank you
Could we repurpose your Facebook post about the webslam as a gb.tc blog post?
when u head up aint no sucker punch real tawk we boxing thats it.....
my pleasure. thx 4 inspiring me!
thanks for the retweet!
can't wait to pretend its summer! “: you know it! #Jam ?”
lol gey RT : Just played a couple songs from my new album and he loves them #YES Feel so proud and happy #I<U+2661>Music <U+263A><U+2661><U+266B>
whats good bro?
Hey, How Do I Go About Sending You Guys Music?
Crazy Democrat turn crazy Republican Prince Brown files to run in HD 14, in Jacksonville, when he lives in Orlando.
maybe a whistle and flash light then
on my way
If anyone is trying to get into the Fashion Attic right now, I apologize-Meghan has been in traffic for an hour and should be there shortly!
A quarter of America doesn't believe that we went to the moon.
love u too and I am proud to be your big cuzzo
Clinking a glass to more fabulous follows! :)
Hey, I Just met you! And this is crazy! But here's My number.... so call me Maybe! ;)
So close, yet a million miles away.
Monday is the first of the week,/and I think of you all week./I beg Monday not to come/so that I will not think of you/all week.DianeWakoski
Flavor of the week Mediterranean. A little sweet and a little salty vanilla with a swirl of chocolate.
GOOD MOANIN' EVERYONE
I heard you handeled all of the flashing camera's and fans very well. Sometimes you are too kind. Relax today!
At Adega wine cellar relaxing.
Hotel to hotel, girl I could use your company... Full name & birthdate, I book a flight and u come to me
boomerang back
RT : I love that fact that said she would start tweeting more n she's staying committed to her words!#dedicated <3 it
and by books for school I mean my own copies that I purchased!
bc ur a weekend club warrior
Pork & Pineapple sausage only $4 bones!!
pretty damn jealous, have fun! Any good shows lined up?
Three Apparel is at the Abbot Kinney Festival TODAY Sunday, Sept. 27, 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM. Check out our new baby line!
Its so boring without a game system
thanks Katie!
Ouch, I'm assuming that's not repairable. Any chance your car insurance policy covers bike accidents?
“: Imagine a world where we could 'Like' 'Likes.'” Dare to dream. Dance like nobody's watching.
The #UHsb team has taken a 5-1 lead over #SJSU #WAC tournament currently in the top of the 6th inning
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!!
So Happy you are back out doing your thing :)
Or heard the "so glad I can use the computer here since I can't afford one" stories.
Aww. Thanks, gorgeous! You're pretty awesome yourself! <3
Okay my goal this week is to find Justin!
Btw, my Aunt Vivian is so much like Lemon that I experience PTSD watching this show sometimes.
Ok I am online today.. I plan on tweeting away.. I also need to help you handle my
When you find that contest, let me know. Each year, for the past 12 years I have said "this is my last e3 ever!"
Swallowing gold fish for tequila is fair game.
Keep it simple via Give them something to talk about-- the community will answer.
Been watching super hero movies all day
I look forward to the day that I don't beat myself up for dumb-ass decisions.
You see the news in a different light the first time you see your favorite news anchor being shitty to an assistant.
Morning, Panthers @ Jets today, not glamorous but at least close to home.
hey is it hard to play the guitar because i really wanna play but i dont know anyone that can teach me
Gone hunting!
When I roll up when I Roll up
rstrnt & Hotel owners in South FL-when watching yr bottom line, thr R ways 2 save $$ rt away w/ no investment call 561.909.9902 for info
Oo , I be on the 2
going to Disneyland for the first time tomorrow...... suggestions??!
Leaving Kalamazoo behind today after a great time and a Rykse's Cinnamon roll
Probably going to Evike today to get some stuff for my loadout!
I love all the movies you play in and I Love You!!
T.G.I.F. It's HAPPY HOUR time! We're open and the bar is ready to serve you up some Friday night 1/2 priced beverages! COME SEE US!
Sometimes, its better to be a fool to go after what we want & need, rather than to regret everything in the end because we never even tried.
Beautiful bar full of beautiful people.
How to determine the best flights to maximize miles flown per dollar ...
Don't want to leave
Did you watch #DWTS last night? rocked it!
Yes sure just like me. :D
Lmao you are something else, you are really something else ": and ima skinny ass nigga"
Tx for follows! RT : #FF to all my peeps making sure wins.
haha yeah hopefully not
okay, I'm about to. Check ur DMs noww...
it's still work, so all the more power to you. I eventually want to be on "the other side" too :)
#fiveguys is the best burger joint there is. Hands down.
I was to even tho I was mad that we lost lol
HEY CHASE......Me and the HUBBY LOVE U.....Keep it up...!! Especially with The BOW-TIED DWEEB.........!!
sent me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
currently researching and discussing the history of gentlemen's clubs...
#askjosh boston or boston?..
hey this steve the grillmaster for pops new cheesesteak truck telling rveryone im parked at the elcortez making the best cheesesteakd in
RT If you do not like straight forward sincere person the way an #Aquarius is, then pack your bags and walk away
Agree! #GoBaseball RT : I'm a Cubs and Sox fan!
#20factsaboutme 19) I cry alone in my room sometimes
How was everyone's Christmas??
we haven't announced a date yet :) Will provide updates as soon as they are available. Thanks!
sure how McCoy needs to work on his hands. 168rec in 3 years. And one of few RB's that gets split out and run routes.
Why is the replay not ever avail on Directv??
Is there a live video feed for today's stage?
This kid #HendersonAlvarez just turned 22. Yet, he turns that thing over like
:) RT : That feeling of being remembered by your fave artists<3
OUR pleasure..so much fun GREAT people...They'll go far! RT thx for helping the GFTS. U R Awesome!!
oops never mind. I'm all mixed up. That wasn't yesterday's question! LOL
So tired
Indeed. We referenced them throughout the story as her first sports cards.
Thanks for the follow One of my favorite NYC restaurants. Had one of the best birthdays of my life there :)
dig your Dilla T. thanks for playing some Stevie. #Detroit love
"We all dream of being a child again, even the worst of us. Perhaps the worst most of all." The Wild Bunch (1969). My 60th birthday...
Yes!Shopping it is!c;
Ok what time if you do see me
Marriott chief sings praises for tourism
Are you a good speller? We need your help for today's radio spelling bee at noon Call 410-235-1157 @
sure thing, lovey!
Awsome concert not only for families!
they've just tweeted 2 biased, stereotypical stories in a row and I'm about to Unfollow them. Lame.
party party party! fuck yea rave cant wait!
local, state, or national
Wesch: connect it to real life, get students involved
I like it too lol but I look really tan.
Don't want #astdTK12 to end, but I suppose I better go back and apply what I've learned on the job.
Blown save when Wandy gives you 8 innings of 1 run baseball. Are you kidding me? Ugh, Astros.
yeah, uh. yeah. Moment of grossed-outnness
Ha. He wasn't going. He was made to take a pic with his sis. I'm just glad he smiled. ;)
I've concluded it's context. Pics of beautiful women on Pinterest do really well if from a "Woman's brand"! Yes?
dating can be torture sometimes.
I can't remember an #Eagles draft pick that's gotten universal support. Guess I have to thank KC and Poe for that.
Contract Executive Recruiter for Excelacom. Need exp recruiting sales and consulting exec's. Send resume:
haha ive tried maybe hes just busy an ur lucky(: who are they(: ?
Don't fuck up and speak on it like it should be tolerated
yeah i know those other 2. had the album, just hadnt listened to high. we're in 102, but we're doin remedies now. ill let u know.
You wrote a 50 page article! You really couldn't come up with a 5-10 word title better than that?
Birdsall Law has a Google+ page now. Put us in your circles for updates, legal guides and video blogs.
We are ten followers away!!! 10!!! I'm excited!!!
at a time like this I wished I moved to Orlando with my brothers Ted and Antwon........
RT-ing always a pleasure!
Improv is the act of creating, making something from nothing. Sketch writing is the act of perfecting, making something better.
But you have easier access to great pizza than possibly anyone else on earth!
I meant the crazy proclamation about the backstreet boys new music!
Your gifts can take you somewhere, but you need character to keep you there.
what happened?
umm people? You needa ask me before you wanna say I was talkin about you, I haven't talked about your tweets, your the one
Thanks so much Steve!!
is getting ready for QuakeCon. Only two weeks away now!
Open Mic at the Neighbor Stage across from the Black Box at 3:45-7:15. Have talent? Come share it will us! Stage and sound system provided.
i missed it!
From today I'm an owner of Royal Entertainment, world!))
*curtsies* they're SO good too. I feel like I won a big battle. Lol
have Drysol Rick contact me. Encino is my area 818-780-0701 We'll be happy to provide a free estimate.
I was alway prepared to pull the "Are You Saying I'm Fat?" Card if I got in trouble for wearing skinny pants.
Recently started thinking of my as the display of myself as a human tamagotchi.
i'm only into guys who grab their crotch region in pictures. it's just my thing.
Big purple Barney ass.
true...but I still don't trust him as a qb
Feels like punching somebody in the face but I have to keep it
Order up: 'Trekkie' Teriyaki Burger...for all the Star Trek fans. $10.00 or less!
When is it premiering? omfg.
Well said! RT : Betty just got out-Betty-ed by her own daughter. Happy Mother's Day from
Happy birthday to our dear chorusmaster Ian Robertson! DG rehearsal paused to sing him in to the Act I finale!
who cares about chris brown. no matter how rich or famous they will always remain ghetto, will never learn to behave themsleves.
I think I'm in love ! Haha, gross ....
Thank you love ... You too !! <<<< Now following
Also, had a friendly Ethiopian driver on the way home. Recommended the vegetarian options at Ras Dashen. One of my favorite Ethiopian joints
I think it should be the goal to help audiences learn even when they don't know they are learning!
I guess tripping over my curtain this morning can count as bad luck
And we're off and running. Thanks in advance for following us here on Twitter, we'll keep you updated all the way through #FoodDay on 10/24!
hope you do feel 100% tomorrow. I'll let the manly voice slide. :)
Yeah I will :)
Hey, your boy Vin Gerard is following me. What nice things do you have to say for him? lol
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who is late for everything so you always tell them to come 30 minutes before something starts. And I'm still late.
Not bad! Won 80 bucks from the Preakness.
You are what you believe you are,you are what you say you can be !
foreigners travel to get quality health care - to Cuba & the U.S. The issue is whether all of us have access to it
lol yea i feel u on that
so!!! Lol stop teasing me
did you see the news about ?
Sure, who am I speaking to and why is Glenn in parentheses at the end of your sentence?
but if she loves me and cares for me like she said she does she will try and make it work right
It was in the ceiling so I scraped out the bits of nest and pushed them out. It would be harder in the side wall, I would think.
I think I live you.....
follow me Justin please.
I always hated kids bop, they are dumb idiots.
EVERYDAY I WAKE UP IS A GUD DAY TEW ME ION LET PPL DECIDE HW MY ATTITUDE OR DAY GOING TEW TURN OUT
Large Real Estate firm in NYC r making a killin in Energy! Don't get left behind if you're a Realtor. Call for details 1-646-397-9817
bonding day with the pops :)
I am a Bay Area portrait photographer; Newborn & Baby Photography - Children's Photography - Maternity / Pregnancy Photography & Family
Going to the mall with friends!!!:)gunna be funn
Studies by the University of Michigan and Johnson & Johnson show advantages of corporate wellness programs including: •$1,100 a year for …
We are experiencing unexpected server outages and are working to remedy the situation. We will post updates as we learn more.
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!
June 2nd I think
and Ron looks more bad ass in that picture
Packing for some West Coast fun; #DLR, a wedding, and headlining. Possibly a sighting of and
SWEET 16 BABY! Is it too early to start thinking about a #Wisconsin/#Marquette championship game?
Where do all the cocky people go after life?
I use spreadsheets exclusive to analyze & rationalize my feelings.... Are you trying to say something?
Getting ready for the best night on tv #TheKilling & #MadMen. Have 2 dvr #NurseJackie & #TheBigC Y can't they spread the wealth?
... Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I really need a nap before I hit the road tonight..
gives great advice! follow follow for relationship,love,and dating help!!
REMINDER! Grammar is playing this Thursday at DC 9 with Prussia. Kicking some new shit
Uh...is this not why we run? RT Just did my third run for #RWRunStreak. To whole foods to buy cream to make homemade ice cream.
Why are the bears so bad? So angry!
I don't think it's in the Cards to win against the Rangers tonight.
RT Highlights in Sports Broadcasting !
Sure thing, buddy. White 'Tweet that' shirt, correct?
Sometimes when I can hear crying from All The Way Down The Hall, I feel like not going back to my classroom. :(
Saw someone driving a Fiat. It wasn't J-Lo :(
M men with long hair...
When people from my school follow me it throws me off, but makes me smile
Burned the roof of my mouth...
Just go ahead and kill off everyone but Daryl. He's the only one worth watching AND prob only one who would actually survive an apocalypse
FOLLOW ME GREYSON!!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!
. If I were less human, I'd agree. "I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy." - Martin Luther King, Jr
This weekend is gonna be fun wit
Yes! To a creative and productive 2012. Cheers!
You mad ?RT : Caint never get no sleep fuckin with this nigga <U+E231>
I'd like to nominate predictive text as the worst consumer tech invention of the modern era. STOP TRYING TO CORRECT ME P.T.
but i dislike larry ok.
A pre-interview manicure really helps to calm my nerves :)
No matter where i am in the world and no matter where is in the world. The number 21 will ALWAYS remind me of him<21
First half stats ... Shots: Texas 6, Tech 3 ... Saves: Texas 3, Tech 5
Just kegged up my Cal Common. Thinking I'll take the slurry to work and do a little experimenting.
Out of all the gifts I received, my favorite, by far, were the gift receipts.”
Not feeling reassured by all the sirens I am hearing.
apparently she was sick.....again....like every week. #whythefuckaminotcut?!?!?
How can Andrew Bynum have such an incredible work ethic but play like a lazy piece of crap sometimes?
According to its National Cleavage Day? Go figure i am wearing a low cut shirt...
Thanks new followers and
I'll always have time for you <3
once Terrelle Pryor is drafted, won't player's union just file grievance to overturn suspension once he's a player?
yep, that Scott Walker. Unless you are thinking of another one.
the Bills deserve B-lo At this point no Soon they'll be gone to Toronto Along with TO Jim Kelly's days Now are just a haze
So I think I helped. I can't believe any one is taking sides with her. She did it with one of his good friends. Yelling at a wall helps xD
haha yea pittsburgh is the shit
Lana Del Rey - Born To Die, this song has been in my head the whole day <3
Experienced my first sandstorm last night. Crazy wind, no visibility, breathkng/eating sand- head for the trucks. wow.
Why Microsoft spent $1 billion on AOL's patents: Many assume Google helped drive up the price for AOL's intellectual property. But a ...
You play fantasy Chad?
Would inserting a <link rel="prerender"> to the DOM of a background page work for an omnibox/tabs extension?
#ImagineAustin asked:may I? U: may u what? A: have u forever? U: YES!of course Austin! I love you! A: I love u more! *kiss*
Waiting in line at MedPAC, no early entry for press! Doc fix excitement abounds.
RT : Strippers take quarters instead of dollars. Where are they going to put the quarters? Eww! -YOU are BAD!
30000 miles in 2 months! #united is making a lot of money out of me and i need a plan to stay home for a while
I get to see you today!!!
neoliberalism, hegemonic, and ideology all in one sentence! ah, american studies, there you are...
Thx for the follow ur what all indie horror directors dream of becoming
1 in 5 visitors to a mobile-optimized small business site leads to an immediate call to that business (Google, DudaMobile)
Seriously thinking suicide. Can't say this on Facebook cause ppl would make fun of me.
Great Gatsby paper... Anyone else suffering?
False... The Twins blowing a 3-1 lead in the 8th inning is the worst thing in the world...
you taught me to dream big and never give up!
I just miss the metabolism I had when step aerobics were popular.
Feel asleep early so now im up!
Rip out the wings of a butterfly by him is one good fucking song!
Diet Mountain Dew tastes like pure ass.
You got it. I want it. I'm on it.
Meant to tell u I finished Fairest of All-Love love love the ending! My girls n I r eagerly awaiting Annabelle's story:)
Biz Kids Camps are going really well this week....... I wonder who will win!!!!!! They all have great ideas.
better make it a good one then!
Welcome new followers!
,Watergate was Nixon trying to expose Progressives takeover the Democratic Party,Guns are Fast&Furious killers big differ
You're welcome. Keep up the good work.
Best therapy I know other than KY bourbon! RT Remember, wine is cheaper than therapy.
Well said.
My Pleasure! I like to spread Good News :+D Funny thing, just drove by it yesterday & thought it looked so charming!
- where is the position located?
OK....NO! I saw this the other day and can tell you I have no clue...;) am I gonna like it?
i wonder if youd get high if you ate them? maybe she was taking a que from pot brownies and making pot rabbit stew?
great game today! congrats!
entertaining video!
Sleep,gym,tanning <3
on my way to hubachi grill
Today, we would like to recognize Assurant Health for continuing to support & the St. Pat's Parade!
#dh11 #altac #alt-ac Good point. Though is at McGill in Canada. How might it differ in UK, eg?
Being offered Willingham, Lind & Youkilis (on DL) for Encarnacion, who's ice cold lately. Is he leveling out or just a cold spot?
Heading home from school early. Can't wait to see where Mom and Dad are going to take me for my thirteenth birthday!
I have mad love for the dancing hamsters...seriously...lol
How did dairy queen get prago ? Burger king forgot to cover his whopper
If you didn<U+FFFD>t get a negative reaction, that means you<U+FFFD>re standing neutral and you have no point of view
I always have an attitude no u jus get on my nerves
hahaha it's ok :D
haribol, prabhu! It's 'tirtha here in Austin. I'm excited about our bakery co-op :)
Taking drinks and medicine to knock me out, but end up being wide awake... this blows. someone text me till i sleep
awww! thanks for cred. miss my WP buddy and those conversations-will integrate WP into my teaching this summer 4 sure
Got a job interview tomorrow goin to sleep at 11
I can't wait for some good soccer action tomorrow and then the UFC fight tomorrow night
RT : RT : everyone staying up to help a sick friend
47 new tunes coming your way next week!! Disappointed we won't be getting them out in March, but darn close!
Nope, just stole it. Releasing an EP tomorrow on Deep Elm Records. “: #naturalcauses will be my next band name”
Sextip: Don't just lie there like the proverbial dead fish. Move around, change positions, be inventive, and wear him out!
Happy Hour all day! Stop on by 4:30-10p.m.
Damn this liquor
I keep tweeting instead of studying . BUT HEY , Austin is more important then a test;)
I gotta get in as many as I can before this nigga comes around when he comes around it's a wrap
love that store. Drive down from Takoma for it. Wish they had more organic produce though.
#Baseball fans follow us & share pics from the #ballpark!
you can get PDFs onto kindle over USB, too... But the zoom functionality is pretty rough once they're on it
Check to make sure your contractor has a license and is insured @ www.cslb.com .
makes it look so easy. And Jay Cutler makes it look so frustrating.
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
Love > Lust
My daughter wants to go to china to get ingredients for her invisibility potion... lol
Stupid giving out red bags at AA Center tonight but wouldnt give one to my son because we are all sportin the red & black
#aasl11 social media can be used for the power of good, to build a community. Gasper Marturano @ The Learning Commons
LOL! My brother lives in the Mango Capital of the Northern United States. :) I'm sure he'd love those mangoes!
you guys coming back for the holidays?
did you end up liking WHITECHAPEL? I remember you started watching it recently.
Was it on a local channel or cable? Would like to watch that.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
I am proud that the tools given to me have enabled me to be an agent of peace and to hold to my promise of undying loyalty.
just killed it at the 930 club!
thanks for hooking up my bro mark with the sb ticks your the man
Don't worry, they come back (for Mother's Day)! Tweeting from my parents' place ;)
gangster party at the dmv
Don't data puke everywhere -- strategy before data.
of course everyone decides to get loud whenever I wanna take a nap
Need some excitemnet!!! Have been a bit board lately.
My iPhone's autocorrect has learned to spell Yuengling.
#Harbaugh says #Ravens "never hold a walk thru" the term is "forbidden"
Oh Duke LAX night.....
i smell like bbq
RT : True sadness is reaching the bottom of a cup of Potbelly's chili.
The Association of Rehabilitation Nurses thanks for her inspiration and service to our country.
happy birthday Emma!!! Hope ur birthday cake candle wish comes true!!
I'm so nervous
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'- Martin Luther King
I'm in Louisville on location filming "Intrusion Disconnected".
There is film of Aaron hitting pennant clinching home run here in 1957 w/voice of late Earl Gillespie
Just received the best text message ever. Thank you for making my day!
The moment when someone jokes about one of your insecurities and you have to act like it didn't bother you.
Was trying to see if anyone recognized the movie with all those silly lines. Miller's Crossing. Lebo got it immediately
Out and about this weekend? Make sure to check out the Death to Dollars exhibition! You only have a few more weeks left before it ends!
People get mad about others opinions....that's sad.
Friday evening elation. Golden sunshine, family, music....yum.
Sometimes I want to ditch your body in the woods. Yes, YOU. Damn you.
IF & my bab Dont go to my show,Ima be mad cause I wont be able to see my bab!:/
what up bro!
The Worst DJs In The World now playing a taunting jingle about someone who is "bigger than a scholbus".
I drink beer out of a bottle cause that's what real women do.
Congrats! RT : This summer I will be working as a Marketing Assistant at #AmericasLargestWaterpark #NoahsArk!!!!!!
This episode feels like #MadMen had a baby with The Office (U.K.)
RT Another attack on DIY bar #Yerevan. No to #fascism posters burned, swastikas painted on walls. 2 reportedly detained
MAD, MAD PROPS to who built and designed our site. It looks awesome and is functioning flawlessly. WELL DONE.
I have a theory that the chicken crossed the road because of all the weirdos that were watching him
Finally making it outside my apartment for the first time today. Last night was amazing but holy shit am I destroyed today
I just realized that looks a lot like a grown up version of the little boy from Mary Poppins.
Thanks! Glad you like the podcast!
What's going on with the news end of the world may 21st what is that
Mj did his thank 2 all supporters that came outw/ S.A. Films
don't get mad, get even
when I have a bigger apt ;)
gahh they are perfect :P
Good Plan! RT : I'd LOVE to get together: I'm face down working on a deadline for this level of Blaire Sees Bears, play by ear?
Only low life's bring kids into an argument! #PunkAssBitch who says things about kids? You're so grown and mature though right?!
(: Glad ur a fan of his now!
Giving in on socks and boots...brrr! Grrr... :|
lmbo that's not nice
are you drinking fluids and sleeping, I mean more so than usual.
And the triathlon training begins haha
Just Open a New Bailbondsman Office In Broward... 786-445-2171 I'm Here For You..
OMG TAKE ME
$3 You Call Its For Happy Hour Tonight!! Come on Down and finish your long weekend with us!!
I like you. You like me. Stop worrying about them. Worry about us.
They probably will win both.
Lady at #ctia registration askedbif my name was pronounced 'Reesee'. Um, no. Last E is silent. Like the candy.
To all the teachers across America: we wish you a great 2011-2012 school year. Thank you for helping to make #RealChange happen. Please RT
Get ready for your hug! Countin down the days til Orlando.
Thanks for the link. You are so very right. What a great example a museum living up to the words in its mission.
Asked Siri to remind me to do something. Obviously she wasn't listening because when reminder went off it said, "Find some crack".
glad you liked it! Maybe we can get to perform his solo at the apartment?
That's for sure. I heart that guy!!!!
#mn you were awesome!
he knows that i love him more and that he is my whole life and that is how i won
how old is he?
You can now make play lists on #myspace. Oh, and the new album is rad.
the feeling of growing apart with an old friend is a truly sad one
The only way you can counter absurdity is with greater absurdity. :-)
Can some one update me on Christopher drew any new songs i wanna no
Bad day?
you have indeed sir. I think your parenting cannot achieve a higher goal.
(gmail dr) doesn't this just go to show can't believe the "cloud"?
good morning people..
“Love isn't a state of perfect caring. It is an active noun like struggle....
Relaxing night at home.
Oh hell. Updated my iPhone and all of my photos were deleted! $&@#!!!
Great My Own Fingerprint photo shoot in Hollywood - the models were amazing!
The balloon is at 34,000 feet!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Bella Bacinos - Italian (live updates)
maybe you should try rehab. It worked for Lindsay Lohan...
Ok... that's what I thought. Thanks!
Playing Charades with the girl I like... Picked 'Sex & the City'... super awkward!
You still Looked Beautiful! Get ready gorgous big meeting in NYC on the 11th :) SO proud of you!!!!!
OH: Is she derpy cute?
Just tried to pre-order the but the purchase site seems to be all B2B...I will wait until there is an easier path.
Yeah, I wasn't sure.. thought I'd give it a shot.
loved ya then.. Love ya now! Wish the CMA's would acknowledge your talent!
How is it 3:45 already?
ATY Radeon x1600. It's a shit card, but I played the beta...no idea why now it isn't working. No drivers.
*Correction*, Co-sponsors. Still no primary author.
The linchpin of the Council drinking game is retiring? Say it ain't so!
naa dude I just woke up lol
yes, he is. He mentioned that Sen. Graham is running late and Sen. Leahy is unable to make it
I know nobody likes me. I didn't need you to tell me.
#NowPlaying #Beautiful Sinner
Musicians are finicky people.
QoTD: "Men's best successes come after their disappointments." (Henry Ward Beecher)
Follow Us! BostonOnTheRun
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
I asked a question at 10 about the big "X" at the airport. Overwhelming response from people explaining it is a closed runway.
The B52s on the #tvlandawards NOW !
you would never be second string with me :))
Feeling ambivalent about my exams this week... I feel like I might be prepared, but at the same time I'm afraid I'm being complacent :/
visit anytime--love to have you!
Incidentally, soccer fans, I recommend the BBC's 5 Live radio broadcasts. Long live the interwebs.
Works for my dog Jasper. RT "Why can't wars be decided by peeing on things?" -- A pacifist pee fetishist
Down in St. Louis, getting ready for J's #marathon tomorrow!
I'm getting kinda pissed off over this shit
LOL @ "coz ur a fob" ...hahahaa, true cuz, I need to get over it. And look at you with all that strength #POLYNESIANPOWER lol
If she will give you the last dollar out of her pocket,Then she a real woman
That would be so awesome to have both, then this would be a city fulfilled with sports.. We do support our teams well>>
Marty swears I like Jude, omg
Lovely meeting you all
Di grace a god
kebo what up homie u still got the same gmail my nigga?
1st to Tweet "Griswalds" wins a Chrismas Vacation Ultimate Blu-ray Collector's Edition!
indigo in hyde park? Love that place. often go there with my dad when I visit back home
Chill on the hill in good ol' Bayview
Hi Alessandro, is Unify is adding that HTML?
you coming to bvu lunch and learn tomorrow?!?
Man its to damn early for her to be having an attitude
Big ass bags of weed look like im finna take the trash out...
we should too...
Of course, i keep some bad women with me in the back sippin rozay with some hash twisting
thanks for chatting :-)
Epic fucking night. Stopped by tylers and el patio in simi. On the way to Alisa's in camarillo.
Hello old friend! Still got an egg for a profile pix, I see :0)
so how many tweets are you getting about your penis right now
thank-you!
text 99888 and put the number 1 in the text to vote for !
Cheetah hunt bitch! _changeG$
OMG RNG !!! Their preformence was DOPE!
can you please tweet some more quotes soon? I need my ghetto hikes fix.
No ricky, No Pek, No J.J. NO PROBLEM. Some Monday morning greatness.
There's more cheddar there....RT : 23rd right now tho!
thanks! “: So happy you're running! I ... am spreading info about you to friends/family in the 915”
AY! what's good over there?
RT Tonight is kind of like LeBron going to his ex-fiance's home with a bride on each arm.
Girl at Coney Island wanted me to sign my receipt, but didn't hand me a pen. Dumb bitch.
Society would be a lot better off if people understood that responsibility outweighs entitlement.
Why can't LeBron have more contrite and humble pressers like his exit interview? Is he finally realizing how cocky he comes off?
Our duty is to be useful, not according to our desires but according to our powers
I wanna see Jack attack those fuckers with a plant.
Hey, thanks for the retweet and excited you started a IA group! Can't wait to hear how it turns out!
After a little convincing from me and testing the bacon packages for explosive traces, TSA let me (and the bacon!) through.
BIG BLUE 99 yard TD pass!!
Family guy gettin old
This week should fly by quick!
thinking about hitting some golf balls...
Early Morning Workout
It was worth the wait! The Game of Thrones second season premiere was amazing!!
Thank you for sharing my pain. Miss you!
RIP Vidal. Let us know if there's sasooning in heaven.
people keep telling us that. I think we must be at some sort of limit and so when I follow people it I follows them.
What's the buzz? Who is hot right now in alternative land? We have some ideas, but, YOU tell US!
Never again
I'm sure I could shoot 25% against the Heat.
it was a pleasure to meet u too. And don't fret about the screening. It was canceled but next time you're totally invited
what a great idea!
I have finally defeated the chapped lip phenomenon of winter
wanna go tomorrow?
Jamie Moyer has 268 wins now-- tied with Jim Palmer and more victories than Bob Feller or Carl Hubbell or Bob Gibson or Juan Marichal.
Welcome to the twitterverse! :)Thanks for the follow.
Can i be your Nandos ? So that you can eat me ! :DD
that's only because Steve trachsel is out of the game
You know the Brewer game has gone WAY too long when we are on the 2nd sausage race of the game!
Wondering what to do with yourself this glorious Saturday morning? We have the answer: have brunch with us. That was easy.
Great blog post about attracting young(er) audience. We're a museum, but points still apply. Thanks!
When I saw Funny People this morning I quite enjoyed it. Probably the least of the
Peter, I haven't seen you in months!! How is everything? And acting?
Looking forward to watching the Tour of Flanders at 8:30 am this morning on NBC Sports. Go Garmin!
yes it was renewed. I meant how things ended between Charlie & that show.
You should try "Krave" granola! That and special K are my favorites! Yumm<3 LOVE YOU SO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW<3
i been had a tumblr and i go on it way more than i go on twitter!! its so addicting it has amazing pics and it is way better than twitter:)
Can't wait to see your pics! I absolutely LOVE alpacas! :)
no he didn't lol. Is he still there?
For today's #WineWednesday, may we suggest our Bin 36 2010 Zinfandel? It pairs great with our Smoked Tomato and White Bean soup.
Any bands need a New Years gig at Minglewood Hall? DM us ASAP!
Extra frames, fun game RT : Mariners!
You may have hit upon the reason!
#ifiDontGetBelieveTickets ill hang myself
Sorry your worst boarding in months! #flight949 why is the gate area blocked?
I wanna faithful one <U+2665>to</3
Great! Keep us posted!
.... bryanna vera Watch, she's gonna see this.
eagles are dog shit
#ThatDepressingMoment when you realize that you can't possibly fix every broken soul.
wat everybody doin im bored than a mutha rite now.
118 cappers posted today and 7 consensus from their plays off a 4-2 consensus day...Off to Station Casinos MM party and banquet Sat...
Josh, are you currently working on Pinterest with a few of your brands? You may be interested in
Q mal me siento :'(
Total Knockout Kisses!
now following my guy >>>>> he new so follow my guy btw see you tomorrow!
you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . So don't come back for me . Don't come back at all .
What's your Vandy connection?
Let's do it!
Are you participating in tomorrow? If you are, direct message us with details and we might stop by and pray with you!
I think we need to cancel #SOTU opposition response. The setting of the House Chamber is never matched and makes the opposition look weak.
How did I not know you had a twitter? Let's go more brewer games!
One of my best friends live in Lincoln. You know the Schleppenbachs by any chance? -Adam
less than 5 months until The Script :D
Rode 17.1 mi on route 'Work & home', in N/A (avg: 0 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
I'm liking DC's Earth 2 title. Its a new fresh challenge using under-used characters in a new way. Golden Age Today.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you’re ugly too
do you really think sucking up to someone makes you friends?
I had FSU in the final game as well...I swear if you know too much you will never win.
hahahha yeah seems like it ;)
RT : Calling all AU alumni! RT us so we can reach 2K followers by 4/30, and we'll send you AU goodies, so you can show your...
Hell yeah! Through Being Cool would definitely be on ours.
Good thing Rooney Mara's acting is way better than her fashion sense
It's windy as fuck.
I'm honestly working on not caring about my people not supporting. I don't think it can ever be 100%, but I need to get close to that.
get it my niggy
Congratulations!!! Love you!
can get rough when meds take over:-/
Yes I have to work and stay busy. Need the exercise. Wear respirators all the time.
a Palinesque fantasy intriguing !
I know the entire Xena: Warrior Princess intro monologue by heart, holy
I'm sure you're a good reporter, but you and your POS network look really bad with how they continue to hammer
Unreal performance..
aww sounds amazing(:
One more follower and we hit 300! Help us out with a shout out and you will be our best friend :)
RT : : Catch me at Endless Music THURSDAY w/ the ATL
it's not in Omaha, but Benson raised 's film #canyonroad is debuting trailer tomorrow at
I'm officially the best packer ever. My bag weighed in at 50 lbs EXACTLY! Farewell, Colorado! Until we meet again...
WOW 145 cappers with plays on tonights short card and 6 consensus now in college and 1 NHL and is all available FREE
I might be a cuddle whore
me and you HAVE to meet and Rob someday!!! :)
I'm rude. Quiet .. gives fucksless.. speaks my mind mhm (: yup
“: she got to get unfollowed for that shit”not to much
I am sorry but I really don't consider "Apple Ipad runs 12 degrees hotter" to be *breaking news* that needs a push notification.
Its always an interesting day when we are equated to space aliens and livestock! lol
I know! I suck
shower time. :)
I hope it rains. <U+2614> cause its been hot and humid lately.<U+2600>
sure thing!
“: So fun! : Having the best Easter belated bday ever! Champagne tasting w/ @ justinherman &
the have shown winning and grinding mentality the whole season.
Some people are so damn hard to live with, or even be around. Your shity mood rubs off on everyone.
ha your in denial.. mine is clearly dope shit ;)
- wonderful! So glad to hear it -
I get off at 5pm - let's go together.
Its a nice day for a parade.
pfft whatever. By the way answer ur messages. You're so busy being a bloody lamb you got no time to write now? Lol
i just want food and for you to text me more often.
top of the morning to ya :)!!! L
Tell me, where do you stop? Can you comment of institutional preservation?
What do you think about splitting the supreme court into two courts? I want to know!
i am enjoying this.
The highlight of my father's only trip to the Holy Land was at the Garden Tomb.This is his first Easter enjoying this hope from heaven.
Hey, you can talk to Liesje on twitter at
Anyways, about to watch Jedgar.
follow and get more followers
OH: "...like, spread yr cheeks, if you know what I mean!"
“: is my favorite player in #ithasbeenannounced” I'd rock a Suter Ponies jersey all day.
the first things men look at when they see a woman. hands to check for rings,
oh hold your horses. children are one of my top 5 fears…right after snakes and mold.
Happy Labor Day Weekend from the Black Lab Theatre. Hope you all enjoy the extra day off!
This bitch stay off in my ear, talking dat shit I don't wanna hear...
SOLD. Where's my ticket?
I went into The Blackbird to talk to Joey about our grandmother being in the hospital,and he Kicks me out!
That awkward moment at a feminist picnic when they realize no one made sandwiches
hum... i think the wizard is stealing 's thunder...
Jazz also seems to exist in a weird universe of polar opposites...either ridiculously traditional or way out in left field
Twitter, please tell me where I want to move/work. I am at a loss.
ok, but only if u check me out on FB. Look at my drawing on there.
Have fun creating your new line! I'm also starting a new spring jewelry line. :)
Cheers! Keep up the good work!
Be present, Spirit of God, within us, your dwelling place and home. ~RT
awesome, thanks so much! Good luck! :)
Messed up shit today! !
Can't wait for the new season!
Can't wait for Charlotte, NC show with Baylor's Eye and Final Curse! Horns Held High!!!!
Dried apricots. Just not a whole bag. #lessonlearned RT: Q9 #Foodiechats u have a #SweetTooth What healthy option do u choose?
This game is a ridiculous defensive showdown.
you gonna bring that heisman home to Ann Arbor this year
#13 #TheLastTimeIChecked It's about a personal relationship with #Jesus not religion. #GodlyBroTips Matt. 23:15
Thank u sir
He should be...brutal ": If I know Aaron Craft, he will be pretty despondent after the game."
Is that bad I don't know what that is yet..?
Pie (numerical value) >>>> Felix Pie
I'll love you forever
Blow me.
I wish someone would come right now and wash my hair!
shoe obsession; 4 new pairs in the past 2 weeks. 20 year long fan and still going strong!
dropbox was offering extra space for testing that feature. I'm up to 18G free I think.
Miracle pull
school < anything else.... :P
I'm having an #everythingisstupid moment right now.
. I am surprised the percntages are that high!
What A Shame! Such a marvelous artist. A gorgeous human being. To end at 48 is a tragedy. Poor creature.
Thanks to the best vocal coach in the world !! Mama Jan !! love you so much !!
On This Day in 1982 - The first issue of "USA Today" was published.
it was great to see you at Reboot
Just finished watching a cut of Life Tracker. I'm getting excited. It's really coming together!
like they do to the rest of us making us look smart lol
": what song is that?" Me u and Makey..
i had a softball game today and i wore your necklace for good luck. we won, we won just for u prince. Happy Birthday 1-4-3
Foot feels better!! Time to hit the road and do a short LA trip. LA here I come!
great coffee shop on 21st. Do you even live in Nashville? Haha
Tomorrow, it will be either Neon Indian or The Globes.
go to sleep.
MATTHEW HAS MUH PHONE
any other theme that doesn't ship with core
I am currently taking donations for a pair of Jeffrey Campbell shoes, help a girl out!
We would like to welcome our new students to the August session at Harriet Fulbright College!
First annual Phil's Friends Golf Outing on August 4th! More info: www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=120833574598625 or www.philsfriends.org
Happy birthday to The Greatest of All Time: Muhammad Ali!!!!!
More comfort and drive knowing that you have enchanting options
hey hey hey. How are you?
Come up town! At least hit the Trading Post. RT : I'm hungry AF. But I'm at Keuka college.
!! RT niggas be so fake they don't know what to do with themselves ctfu
Don't you hate when you tell somebody you will do somethin an they say "no I got it" then get mad cuz they have to do it. Told I would !
Follow he is doing his thing and lookout for tour dates with Florida legend the original Mr. 305 JT Money!!
well, he'll never know unless he tries!
75% of Japanese women own a vibrator. The worldwide average is about 47%.
“: "I like girls that have small hands cause it makes my dick look bigger!"” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thank you for calling a special session. They need to act like adults and do their jobs!
Thanks so much!! ": "Hold hands, you lovebirds!" ...congrats in tying the knot!"
Discussing the finer aspects of journalism with on the 107th floor of
Never again will I love another man in my lifetime. Love is just another 4-letter word...
Just realized that liking soccer and becoming invested inMLS is like loving art and getting REALLY into Portland's gallery scene.
Great game #Sixers! Only lost by 1
": I like you. You like me. Stop worrying about them. Worry about us."
welcome to tone's house party party
I want to be on the show
“Live by the spirit of faith.”
Hey guys! receive 30% off hair extensions and accessories this month when you log on to Clipitz.com and use coupon code: I076T52ID5
Can't believe my sister is graduating tonight.
Morning y'all. We're still awake. The #100innings of Baseball heads into the 71st inning with Team Lembo 71, Team Rudy 56.
These industry things are always very interesting...
Lmaoo Naw You Only Talk to Me When I Got Food ....
Is anyone getting work done or just watching NCAA Men's Basketball March Madness?
You got all the questions I know all the Answers.. I done took ya heart girl hold it up for Ransom
lol well now you know what to do next time :]
Call our informative sales staff today at (888) 378-5237, or come and visit us in person at 5700 S 27th Street.
Girls these days be trippin
Thanks for the feedback and support.
Heading to Indy tomorrow. Should be a blast.
Don't got much but I take wat ever I get
I went running in my new #fivefingers earlier and now my calves are sore as hell. Can't wait to do it again tomorrow!
Maybe a little sheer sparkle?
Guess i need to spend some time on here. Can only #Follow 5 tweeps at a time due to lack of activity. I will #Follow all back!
Yasssss! LOL RT : well, we may have to get a special booth. We love our
5 days to go for FANSHOES FIFA International fashion show displaying our country spirited shoes, 32 teams partaking in the 2010 world cup.
With each accomplishment take a knee....a humble spirit allows more room for growth <3 <3
Thanks! I really appreciate the advice!
Starting the Long Island wine tour with Pindar. I know I'm spoiled by living in CA, but let's give this a try!
Friends don't let friends do stupid things •••Alone•••
so you're not lazy. :)
I Took The Pic! RT : lol and they knowingly allowed you to snap the picture? Smgdh
- I use both. Have them sync via Google Sync / CalDav. Totally easy and you can use both to update.
We got baseball bats like them Indians and my team pop off like cowboys
when we release everything i'll be sure to send it right to you! thank you for always being there you the best! :)
Is it raining? (sarcasm)
Ridiculous how you can find tons of tutorials to color correct in #fcpx but nada for sound design. Sound > color
I soo dont wanna go back 2 school!!! I didnt do much this summer:(
Ha :-) Yes, a lot of poop around! RT : and a lot of poop!!!
loving the inspiration! Thanks for sharing!!!
you have a nice butt
#conflictparty Boy & Bear rocked it!
My best buddy just posted a pic of the #supermoon on #Facebook. Looks amazing. I'm on a plane so I cannot see it yet but i want to.
I'm just gonna sit here and tweet about awkward things. I have a very weird obsession with Narwhals. I love them to pieces <3
Retired State Police Colonel Tom Foley wrote a book on the Whitey Bulger chase
UL fans welcome
haha that's cool :) lol and really :P ? And let me guess are you listening to Davina :D lol ?
Found in 19th Century Masterfile: The evolution of newspaper advertising, 1897 is Lippincott’s Magazine
Yeah, it's pretty amazing how similarly the communities respond, as least in the article.
no problem sweetheart((:
Looks like we're shutting PDX down tonight. Just make sure your at The Society nightclub. That's all.
Bum ass hoes taking pics in front of the DFACS office
I had an amazing tonight at the concert. Thanks so much to for an incredible show. It's great to see people who just love music
You really need to quit taking my picture. Ha! Glad you had a good time.
German sausage jokes are the wurst.
that is so beautiful :O
A love like the movie The Lucky One
watching the #SwaggaRite ClockWork
Summer = ice cream in hand...log onto www.s2yd.com and check out what Carnival's has to offer
May Andrew's voice live in all of us who value Liberty! Take up his mantle and continue his fight, my friends. Bless you, Andrew and RIP.
Stop time? Now that's a concept...
Somethings need to come back into fashion. Women wearing gloves and hats. Men wearing hats (not just basball caps), more suit wearing too.
Got our copy of 's Monkey Truck today! Such a fun book for preschoolers. Monkey Truck will be released Jan 18th!
Dude... Anyway.... 9 MINUTES.
long week of hard work..now resting my back a little and then heading out.
Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed -Peter S. Beagle
seriously! I tried to watch once to see what it was all about. I would have done better to watch "Grease"
I love it. and also i had to use one of you twitts on my fb MY BACK IS NOT A VOICEMAIL SO SAY IT TO MY FACE so true
cheap timberland online for sale | longking
Great presentation today from Tracey at Ready, Set, Grow Marketing!
Recent studies are saying mothers of children with #autism earn 56% less income. What are your ideas on how to overcome this or...
It'd be hilarious if a terrorist blew stuff up so everyone would read his manifesto, but he had really bad handwriting so no1 understood it.
thanks for the time you gave & me 2day, hope u solved that bug issue at home #huskers, #ketv & thanks !
Taylor reads our diaries. can I please have it back? You seem to have transferred it into music ;)
thanks so much Kristina! Hope to see you soon!!
Yes...Sup pitched great. ~sigh~
Well Dad, it basically comes down to this: I've decided to quit geology and join the Village People.
Watching news stories from Lexington glad we drove home Saturday after the half marathon. Craziness there in KY!
Very Nice post on Jopa and Jaypa.
Breaking News: Foreclosures are stopped indefinetly..
I just sludged thru 8 million Bills tweets to find last week's playlist...nothing. Please post! #whatisthenameofthatsong?
or playing the Nigerian lottery.
haha of course you do
POWTY/JCC kids are home with their family and now we'll be home in time for Latke's birthday!
could u give me a shoutout please??
everything just keeps getting worse
Solo until the end ....
Is it wrong to take a nap when I've only been awake for 2 hours?
in love with your icon
that sounds like the summary of a gay porn.
Love when my car starter actually decides to work, I may survive the bitter cold of Rochester after all!
She's a badass b**** and I love it. “: Michelle Obama was viewed favorably by 71% in a new poll survey; Ann Romney by 41%.
Thank you! The welcome has been so warm today :)
Thanks for mentioning us!
Boo come back to Indy
I didn't know I had unfollowed you. Following back again.
listening to #Prokofiev Sonata #9 - amazing and underestimated piece.
FUN FACT: One of the many British slang terms for a Female's Period is - Auditioning Satan's "Little Fingers." Source: God No! by ...
Damn....catching up on my Ringer episodes!!! This show is so good!!
suree now you wake up, you just missed the twitcam!
Just finished two great estate planning books: “Wealth in Families” & “Beating the Midas Curse”. Must reads to say the least!
Tutorial: Recycled Bangle. Check it out!
I LOVE YOU<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0094>
"Technology is an enabler, the success of your program will depend on its management." - at
Gym Class Gyros
Putting together an informative presentation on ageless design for the upcoming Environments for Aging conference.
nommin on some tea and special k...sadly, my fruit supply has diminished
we can probably get you right back the way you were. I don't want to step on your uncles toes tho! We've got awesome tools!
Im at jordans
lawd, come chill tomorrow
aint noone got shit on the cupcakes i made, i mean paid my lil sis to make! lol i frosted them white with some sprinkles LOL !
corn muffins for Chili and soups!
I have stomach ache ahh
haha yeah, it was silly :)
Justin Bieber is amazing, and just living his dream.. So don't say you want him to die just because you don't like him
"With respect, we're letting ourself into your house to take your tv. But we'll fix it up & you can come over and watch it!"
Thanks for telling us about how you are celebrating Jazz Appreciation Month
I apologize to for my #obesity rant- it irks me like Jose Conseco irks her.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself
I Got a Free Ping Pong Racket - ping pong paddle butterfly
James Schuyler, Selected Poems
I'm toasting this tweet tonight! Luv You Obee!!!!!!!!!!
Now this is cool: I just got an invite to be a guest at an upcoming Wizard World Comic Con! Now to decide which one ...
that's what I'm gonna do . Let's go Portugal ;)
If u miss #BESTOFTHEBEST comedy show
I need some good sex
Seth put Benydryl in my drink...sabotage. Lots of Benydryl.. going a sleep a hallway...NY club..Seth you little.....
I'm such a nostalgia junkie. Just signed up for !
they make life worth loving!!
Enlighten us.
is that a Nielsen stat?
nights like these make me wonder why we even question it .
drink the Starbucks now and the energy drink at lunch. Brilliant(: TY!
When ESPN guys talk more about TWEETS than SPORTS, it's time to hang up the jockstrap!
IM NOT LIVING RIGHT IF UR NOT BY MY SIDE!
rub my head! :D pet me like a dog! lmfao
ryan can youu please follow me ? :DD
were you or brittany on the dr phill show in the audience? Thought I saw you...
she is just like her mother:-)
ohmigod "song poems"
xD RT #Leo's are so hot they turn themselves on.
The sound of the raindrops on my skylight is very comforting.
Friends, is playing tonight at Go to there.
i think i mite bring hoe ass (:
Follow our new account , and you'll be entered to win a brand new Roomba 530 ($299.99). Follow us by 6.21.09 to be entered!
They are the HUGEST regret and waste of time I ever spent in my life >.>
I want a dog so badly too, but my cat would have none of it.
Appalachia has lost its mountain tops: See 3/3
Seeing the same close-minded #SXSW first world, upper-middle class presumption that everyone has a smartphone.
The New York Mega Millions Lottery Jackpot is now at $540 MILLION Dollars. What would you with $540 Million Dollars?
they do when they go against Sonia Gandhi.
Haha! BTW I'll be ordering more slather!!! Love that stuff!
RT : It’s #FF, You Should Be Following:
Early markers of toxic excess is mild intestinal discomfort-including cramps, flatulence, gas & bloating.
RT : People hate on happiness, period.”
I am looking for candidates to perform free Health and Wellness Assesments on, please let me know if you would be interested!
I feel the only benefit of suffering is being better equipped to help others with theirs. Can't wait to exchange hugs. HNY <3
i have back sweat and kind of feel icky.
Can you ask Mitch McConnell if this is good? RT MSNBC graphic. From Jan 09 to Feb 2012 the public sector has lost 584,000 jobs
Did you know? May is National Hepatitis Awareness month -- and >65% of people infected don't know! Get tested May 19! (official testing day)
Calling it a day and letting everyone know that Tango Tuesdays and S.I.N. Night are cancelled next week. They'll resume the following week!
Art of Design event tonight! from 8-12am live ice sculpting, welding, massive Old Milly and PBR cans being painted! Beer,food!
Follow for updates from the game. #Badgers vs.
People are driving like fuckin idiots today
well played, my dear. WELL PLAYED.
Excited about adaptive payments (preapproved + chained) announced by PayPal at
I find the smug look of David Stern off putting. Isn't it about time for a change of direction in personnel for the NBA?
I think Brian McKnights rap name should be Dr. Showoff
I wonder where that dream cam from haha.
Santorum winner in North Dakota, Romney projected winner in Idaho. Ohio still too close to call
Heading to the red carpet.
I have not yet! But thank you so so so so so much bea!!
Well thanks for taking the public embarrassment. :) ps we made you a bttm lol
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts. Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The day the titties stood still ;D
Hello Marketing team.
And anything is better than Tebow.
Her status said [NoLamez]...bt he didn't get the message....
You know the feeling when you really wanna say to someone.... And then the relief when you actually do it
That's the thing, Artest is stonecold CRAZY. Who does OKC have that can rock with him?
very..have you seen the whole thing?
don't:) it happens to everyone<3
Can I visit and test drive an R8? I #WantAnR8 and would like to test drive this week.
A single man can and will kiss as many as possible. Come on it's New Years!
Who else out there feels really great about their cracked I phone?
You guys dropped the ball at WonderCon. Get the merch out before opening! Come on now.
jatlin <3 cause they are REAL
The inconsistency in his rulings are inexplicable. Like it says in the article, seems like he's throwing at a dart board...
Thin-skinned.
Until Big Play RAY can practice...
it was fun!!! my hair and make up looked great! :)
WE killed the 5 on 3!!! Quick that was amazing :)) Great D too!!!!
I had a surge in creativity. Sorry to fill your inbox :)
OK. Thank you!
I'm about to pay y'all in pizza slices for y'all trading advice lol
glad you loved it :)
I feel like korn is in the house!!!! Awesome!!!
Spurs vs Clips! Lesssgoooo!!
next year maybe we'll try the bnf approach and bring everyone up on the stage at once! :)
lets go lol jk well it was nice talking to you cutie:)
Shout out to my network - Booyah is hiring! Check out some of these positions and get ahold of me or pass on to your friends and colleague…
Thanks, and happy Friday to you, too!
I hear he keeps da beast well groomed me likey lol
Why is it that the cat always wants to cuddle into the guy (me) who is allergic to it? Inquiring minds want to know.
Austin's mom "security said there was over a thousand people there" Austin "who's telling the story here?"
thanks Adam, we cant seem to find enough people. Its an odd problem
For Thirsty Thursday you should try out the new
4G a ma'fucka works quick but drain the battery bout time you take it off the charger
bonus points for your "location" ! and thanks for the follow!
I think more glorifying than The Avengers movie itself, is knowing which movies put those actors on the map. Great cast. Reap that reward
See, you can't hate till you participate.
Happy Birthday to !
I guess my dog think im in the bed too early. he got too much energy.
RT : Not so keen on that hash tag. The kind of joke that gets you locked up or deported or both!//#blackoutkorea still lives,so...
Good Afternoon World!
I believe that you will outlive the pain in your heart.
I got Wisconsin losing to OSU in the elite 8 so I'm in trouble if that upset occurs
Oh crap! Now I got Cyndi Lauper's song "The Goonies 'R' Good Enough" in my head. So freakin' pop and nostalgic.
Probably meant holodecks, developers like to hang out there sometimes.
Being a real man, doesn't mean you f**k 100 girls. being a real man means you stay with 1 girl, even when 99 others are chasing you
2nd day of Early Voting.... Punch #21!
Yes ma'am!! That's exactly what I'm talking about.
It is called Everything Cast Iron Cookbook and is about $11 on Amazon. Chapter 1 are recipes for a new skillet. :)
My brother is a good person, and everyone should know that. And if you don't your life sucks <U+E00E>
we at the house
It's not that I'm a nihilist, it's just that I believe human existence has no objective meaning, purpose, or intrinsic value.
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET we have a program to fit you!!
RT !!!!!!!! <U+E420> “: People could say whatever they want about me, I'm still going to be fierce and fabulous <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>”
Yo I ain't sat and looked thru my TL in a good Lil minute.. I'm fuckin up...
tl is boring, i need to follow new people.
haha I wish I'm only 16! But it is my golden birthday tomorrow! 17 on the 17th<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Two strangers completely made my day today. Random acts of kindness. <U+2764>
Thanks for the RT !
Whats good my man!! good to meet you at the Music Video Premiere!!
I can't believe how fast this year is going by.
North Carolina please Vote NO
Robert Algieri: best way for lawyer to improve your personal brand? Smile on your website bio photo!
I can do whatever you want. <3
though, to be fair, they didn't look _that_ much like beating us either. Unlucky today, but lucky at DC and CHV so...
my stomach is ready WoOWOwoWOWo
cool. email me at and i'll send you the information. let me know when you email me so I can check it.
What about the other 5*?
Still got lots to do and the day doesnt end until it's AL done!
I cant admit it out loud because ive spent so long convincing myself that it doesnt exist.
That horrible moment when your contact decides to help out the back of your eye and not come back.
We have some of the best fans ever. #TeamOtenki you all rock! - Enoma aka
RT : #ff The Chicago Jazz Festival is on twitter!! Follow along for all the latest jazz fest info!
Kill me dead, I feel like an overblown balloon with a little bit of water inside. Fucydhvufjf
Orange roughy can live up to 120 years. Most caught are juveniles. Give 'em a break, get something else for dinner.
cleaning my closet to unpack and i didn't realize how much i missed my clothes!!! <3 <3 <3
Happy birthday to the sexiest person I know
I want a man that will treat me good.
Found a pack of skittles!!? ( ) time for a COOLMORNING 2 replay!!! It's gonna be sweet and hilarious! #yeee !!
Who wants 25% off food and drinks? You do. Come to the Copabanana @ 3rd & South tonight between 6-10. I'm guest bartending.
thanks! Ill check it out!!!
should i tell him i like him? or should i just keep it to my-self?
hell yeah!!!
I wanna train in New Mexico because of the high altitude at Greg Jacksons MMA or in Cali
But different lucky #'s. Not real sentences.
It's dripping with so much male privilege that it almost makes me nauseous. And I'm a man.
Sort of. I'm helping with NASA's social media efforts, but I'm still doing my job at , too.
Nah id wait til it come out on dvd. It freaked me out more than pranormal but story lost me!
Thanksgiving planning can be stressful, nice of you to include your dog too. What kind of sweater do you think you'll get?
i am loving the fact this is my first tweet thought i would dip my feet in the waters
I like your whisle you should send it via Bluetooth
are now playing live on at SXSW
Cohen: Derrida avoids cinema because a citational structure of the image is already monstrous, the mechanical reproduction culture of [+]
hahaha hi BILLY
yes! forgotten about AGAIN!
Thanks for being Dianely's fans!
I can screen print anything you need including oversized and all over. Just let me know your budget and I can work with you
The poet Se7en spit some real at the church this morning... Wish I woulda got it on video
I need to motivate myself to loose weight
sick as ballz
I am seriously contemplating getting that half-off Amz Prime membership now. I read a lot, and library K-offerings have long waiting lists..
watching kanye's #runaway. brilliant!
why dont you take a picture and post it on fn awesomeness dot com backslash we rule!
Thanks I'll see if my friends need any extras.
where are you hosting the next presentation?
Am I the only one who thinks TLR is somehow behind this?
Holycrap! Was selected to audition for in Austin. Nerves kicked in just selecting my time slot. Hope I can make it through!
Had a BLAST at last night's Buds Bash!! Thank you to all who came. The discussions were inspiring for a greener environment!
save me!
lol, are you thinking of going to pep?
Only a few rooms left this weekend!! Call now to reserve yours, ask about packages!! 2 adult 2 kids tickets !! 317-578-1200
Dick Clark is going on my dead list
O interesting. Glad someone's writing abt too. We've a lot to talk about at whatever conference we're both at next
This town has way to many bitches.
I'm reading and meditating a bit. I'm beginning to feel more serious about it but it's a long journey I have to take seriouslol
Haha!! Thanks man! I appreciate it.
: I love that I'm #firepants just because of that one time! Maybe I'll bring em back. Maybe.
looking for something in my tax book and LITERALLY opened up to the exact page. Strange
No matter how much of a learning process becomes mundane an monotonous.
Possible album ofthe year contenders... , horrible crowes , , or F**ked up. yours?
CAN I GET YOU TO FOLLOW MEE ?
Pls 4low me when u get a chance. U'll b happy u did due 2 a Feature Film Bidness Proposal 2 STAR
Whatever creativity is, it is in part a solution to a problem. - Brian Aldiss
Really want a cigarette right now but I refuse to do it! #badhabit #notworthit just going to try and sleep!
LOLOL. Three years of Italian finally came in handy 'cause I actually understood what tweeted. :D
RT : [Denver News] Denver man pleads guilty to kidnapping hikers near Nederland: BOULDER — A 44-year-old Denver man p......
Start your Monday off right with 1/2 off slices of Red Velvet Cake! Only $1.50! Hurry while it lasts!
wanted everyone to see my black stiletto's and be jel
Bummer, I wanted to hear more about the exhibit. Join us next time!
Black Friday Specials! Check out www.ruthlesscultureclothing.com FREE SHIPPING
Thank you for the follow. Maybe someone would be interested in creating something about in it's inaugural year?
I love my mom a lot & I'm thankful for her .
. Congrats, that's terrific!
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh! giants won the super bowl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#Avengers Assemble!
You're a true, Inspiration. <3, Shine bright .(:
Hey everyone! Great to be on twitter!
I can't take all this studying anymore. 3 more fucken days!!
A lot of comments for support. Many concerns about traffic flow in area proposed for mosque in Brookfield .
I'll take 'pinched nerve' for 500, please, Alex.
It's so nice to run a report in which all the errors belong to other campuses, but not my own. If only I could keep my kitchen this clean.
Cool. Thanks for the info!
I swear if the packers got rid of Chad Clifton I will shit my pants. In te negative sense
Duly noted. Thanks.
#rejectedpromthemes Your Mom and Dad's Favorite Music
I just got back from Vaca to see that you sent me a DM about a lamp but now my DM is missing! Call me at the store - 412.630.8001
i love fannypak:-)
Happy Leap Day. Go ahead. Take the day off with pay. Tell the boss we said it was ok.
girlfriEND,boyfriEND,friEND. It All Has a END, but noy famILY<3
Going to the Aquarium!
S/O to the one and only for being my one and only... Love ya!!
Thanks Guy - Appreciate the kind words
i dont have school tomorrow its a holiday good friday
Off to work, wishing everyone a great day! BBL.
“: dont sweat the negative people in your life.. time to cut them out of your way...”
You overreacting little attention seeking whore. I think That goes for both of us?
Nothing rader than hearing personal info like former & about to be laid off employees info by your D-bag boss!
is waiting so jealous!
lol ohh do u think u need one cuz thats all that.matters
don't most nouns that pluralize by changing a vowel (goose, mouse, foot, etc) go back to proto-Germanic, or am I misremembering?
All week a $10 or more purchase, gets you a $10 off card from one of the indianapolis dining cards eateries! See you soon
oh god i screamed when i saw austin ! Your trying to kill me or something ?lol
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 3: “Use a strongly visual story. “
settled on lowe's giftcard prequeled by an ecard for mother's day. it says, 'i love you, but i am also lazy, and you can't yell at me'
Maybe it's a hickey?
With all these great resources, is it too early to start a Christmas wish list?
my friend nd jenna went :)
Good luck :)
“: In other news, Nathan is hilarious hahah ”
Australia: basically America, but British.
Just learned that #Yourfavoritemartian songs are on iTunes.... Im going broke I swear
Back to working on a #genealogy brick wall that has stumped me for years. I'll tackle this guy's mystery yet!
Joshua is like my twin, my niggah
what you mean honey?something bad happened to you
Money team, yo!
I'm feeling really good since I've been going. The trainer is kicking my as!!!
Me &&* Brother makin french fries (; they are pretty BOMB if i must say ..
My vote goes to the candidate who can improve the Gross National Happiness.
RT WOW Laury.!.. #NASCAR will never be the same! A Checkered Flag Event-Your Vegas Dining Book & Racing! A Winning Combo!! :)
'This user does not exist' :/
Felicia will be available at the TN SHOW to CLINIC/COACH so get with her if you need assistance.
could learn a lot about advocacy from
hey sorry fell asleep just now,feel really bad now :( just wanted to wish you all the best for exam,goodluck :) xx
I love the taste of your blood baby...<U+2665>
I could have got ya. Working from Waukesha tmrw. What's your shift?
Is that the one who got married? Is he happy so far?
totally posterized that guy. what a dunk.
Are we not formed, as notes of music are, For one another, though dissimilar? ~Percy Bysshe Shelley
My #puppy sucks on my blanket. Too cute
When you give advice, and others don't listen and turns out you were right.
Learning priceless stories. How "lickity brindle up the middle" originated! His thoughts on the "dirtiest" player he ever saw.
I want a warm, scrumptious delectable 100% angus beef burger rite about now
Following certain people on twitter makes me even more confused than my own tweets.
I know weather can be serious, but the CBS Cincinnati weather holding a filibuster...
:) Thanks for the RT!
all good though. Thanks for checking sis
Hotel engineering dispatched to fix the lack of power on the strips in the front of IB Center at
Change the game forever.
I will be unavailable and unreachable at 8pm tonight
Damn I'm in the mood for some Tasty Taxi.
Greg Notess: "librarians are a little different than other people."
Just landed at La Guardia airport in NY
Reliving the donut stick ordeal of 1995 to roommate, as yet unresolved.
ALERT: RT : : USC students think listeria outbreak in cantaloupe may be just another outbreak like E.Coli
you hipster
#PawneeRangers episode of #Parks&Recreation is now 1 of my fav! #mradamscott dressed as Batman crying. Doesn't get better than that.Awesome!
Hi Libchat, I'm Monique, a tech specialist at an academic library.
Once again, it became known that the doping test failed Ar-Truf, according to some rumors, he was smoking grass
If u grew up on Raman Noodles retweet!!!
Guess i'll stay in and watch Hatchet!
wake up
I think the only thing you have to worry about and real question is: do your cats understand that?
Great to see the sun. Feels like the first day of an arab spring!
lucky bastard
Thanks for the follow Loraine "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
BAD CREDIT,SLOW CREDIT,NO CREDIT OR BANKRUPTCY,WHATEVER YOUR CREDIT SITUATION IS,WE HAVE APPROVE EVERYONE,
Oh for heaven's sake! The Word Press spell checker changed constructivist to constructionist!!!
Keith Haring exhibit at the Brooklyn museum was good. Chicken and waffles after the museum was even better
ah, thanks for letting me know. still wise words though!
what's your secret?
When you've hit the wall, that last 15 min at work can feel like an eternity. I've had 15 min to go for the last 2 hrs.
it hurts to be perfect?
My uncle used to tap us on the head as kids and say, " And a Boing for you!" We loved it.
Haha! Those things are smarter than we realize :)
Let go of the Old things so God can send you the New!
was great to see u, thanks for coming !
I know they're all jerks.... and you don't know who he is?!;O
I've decided to comment on the article (compromise?). Maybe I'll tweet my findings.
I never said the game was going to be close, just that Ok St. will get in over Bama
this is a sickening joke that you play with my emotions, so i pray you burn in hell & never find the ocean .
The Akward moment when you though you see at the zoo but it wasn't him it was a look alike I had to take another look :)
Ghost writers in the sky.
I still hate wearing these retainers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
True story: I was at a small zoo out here today and told another mom the same thing.
Our waffles are made with love and care and beauty, plus normal foodstuffs.
I've never pretended to have discerning taste in music...Exhibit A: my itunes library. So Selena may be the gal for me!
Goodnight Planet Earth
More events on The Trail: Food and Wine Pairings at 3 Fox Vineyards; Wine Camp at Veramar Vineyard; Music by Ken Wenzel at Lost Creek Winery
hahaha that was hilarious
It's truly hard to believe that Justin is turning 18 in just less then 2 hours I'm just like wow omg he just grew up so fast like the rest
Just making sure that you received the case studies I sent you, were they what you were looking for?
Bump & grind
"What happens in Vegas..."
nope cause Robert looks like old sucker.
MY FAV WAS JASON AND SAMS WEDDING AWESOME
I'll sleep when I'm dead!!... and when I'm tired, because I want to have enough energy to enjoy life here on earth!
If I could get a S/O from that would make my daayy :))
ps that's me in the Crawford jersey
RT Pasadena Playhouse's new season: 'Sleepless in Seattle'
This is why I never look back at old tweets on my personal account. RT : just realized how boring I am. I'm old and boring.
yes, it's pretty spot on! because, who actually leaves danny's w/o making out with someone?
How about you?
this is always true... and true to all circumstances.. the "self" is always our best foe....
haha i call everyone tht. and same here lol. my mom is big on bollywood!
I just want to be happy.
Congratulations to the students that are #graduating today!
I hate it when that happens!!!
Alright, its time to pull Nova now...
Follow back?
Heading to Chiyu Sushi tonight in Mt Washington-hopin the downtown traffic/83s is worth it!
My cat turns 18 next month, meaning....now, she has to register to vote. And for selective service.
totally agree! RT : I think many of us have had ineffective exp w grammar as students
Ugh, I woke up late.
Okay, is there something you'd like me to actually do...or should I just continue to sign up for things?
Yeah, but this isn't a good thing. RT : Each of the last 12 and 18 of the last 22 runs by the #Mariners have come via the home run.
Since both of my teams are out early, (AS USUAL), I'm rooting for my favorite player Kobe Bean to get his 6th this year
accessibility to opportunity for all must be available to all if we plan on sustaining ourselves into a healthy future of prosperity
Legendary house DJ will be tonight. Care to join?
The sign is in the yard. Let's sell this house!
RT : Love is holy because it is like grace—the worthiness of its object never matters. -Marilynne Robinson, Gilead.
Morning all!! From all of us here on the iCBallers staff, we hope you have a day full of unexpected greatness & positive opportunities!
No shoes, no shirt; and i still get service.<3
Hello Drew Brees! Another proud Purdue graduate! Nice work!!
Mike Brown is a defensive-minded coach whose team has shitty defense, and an "always prepared" coach whose team is never prepared.
I think I still have to start a fire while being interviewed by to get that badge.
#RocRoyal you can bring yo friends and i can bring my friends let the party begin, begin
Happy easter
silverlake farmers market now till 2!!
I didn't realize the fresh prince played for Wisconsin...
Not his second AB...
Mya Hatchette lawyer from Winderweedle, Haines, Ward & Woodman, PA in Orlando deliberately filed my case in a far away wrong Court 2abuse me
NATHALIE ROMAN. If you are reading this, let me know. You changed your username.
will be releasing updates to the Bonamour pre-launch web site today, stay tuned.....
Coming up soon! NS Live with Richard Reed Parry (of ), , on Wed. 2/8, 7:30PM at
why are you always sick tabby! Did I stay home from work??
for my art, I know what you mean. I know you'll make it big :)
"Let us boldly approach the throne of our gracious God, where we may receive mercy and his grace to find timely help." Heb. 4:16
thanks Frank u da man!
A thing or two amiss wouldn't let the party stop, but your failed glance puts it out completely
Surly Abrasive is available online and in-store...
whats good wit it boy follow the shop back
thank for the retweets, have an awesome Sunday~
is the man!!
Happy Mama's day to all the lovely selfless caring dedicated moms out there!!
Students: Goal for 2morrow is get gradebook completely updated. Look for (hopefully positive) changes to your grade by 2morrow PM.
Justin: she's beautiful Ryan: she has pretty eyes Chaz: and a nice smile Kenny: she's sweet. Justin: and she's reading this now." <U+2665>
I second that. His head is messed
": BEST PICK UP LINE: Hey, does this rag smell like chloroform to you?"
The inhabitants of this northern clime are distinguished from those that dwell in southern lands by having a national dress (1850)
I'm more excited about "Rock of Ages" than any other movie this summer. Yeah, I'm that girl.
Samsung Galaxy S I possibly revealed in leaked images
Thats awesome. Where are you at?
Happy Easter everyone!
Beautifully written
Haha yeaa a lunch is early
no, cause theres no one in the house lol no reason to lol
Got that supersoaker. Pussy pop like cola coka. Plus its tighter than a choker. Got you smiling like the Joker ;)
Thank goodness both Seders are over. Didn't overdo it on the matzo, but I also don't want to see food again for about a month!
Good luck
Great men are rarely isolated mountain peaks; they are the summits of ranges
Looks aren't everything
Go U.S. women soccer team!!! Beat Japan on Sunday!
Its Wednesday :)! That means I have late start and early release at school today! But I'm stating to finish a test. But I'm gonee :)!
I love Rubicon! I missed the past two episodes. Plan on watching them on-demand this week :)
Cheese, cheese, cheese, tomatoes, cheese, basil, garlic, thyme, cheese, sour dough, rye, pickles, pretzels, crackers & cheese. & wine.
I've seen that cartoon once and really liked it. What, when, where is the feast?
U go through those times when u feel like ur done with life.... Then.... Someone comes along and shows you that they are what was missing
Thanks for checking. It would be awesome if you guys had an old set of equipment.
Boozy-mocha-a-go! Thanks for stopping in!
Eating the last of my NYC bagels...
Debating selling a ton of my size Medium shirts..
What flavor did U get? I want. RT : I always think of whenever I get Tasti :)
I was wrong - Pocket did save the bookmark, but it says I should retry.
Gaby charged in hard. He was over the ball when Buck was still making his way to it. He had the play and hesitated.
& on top of it i have to babysit
Khan himself is even starting his own school to address some the admitted limitations of his videos.
Dr. Bill Sysak () will be speaking at Beer-Con. Register and listen!
I guess we agree to disagree... If you follow regularly on the #backchannel you will find upbeat news, events and conversation!
Just ate a shit load of fried chicken
On a scale from 1-10, you're a 9 and I'm the 1 you need..
(I bought the first one - and absolutely love it - but that's not quite enough to fill an hour long interview...)
Guess what happens when you have a vivid dream that you're taking a piss.
let's get a crew to go chill in Sam's car hahah
No that wasn't. I couldn't make it back on to post it. So two today!
After 5 days, I've almost recovered from doing pull-ups. Time to do pull-ups again!
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen
I should probs tweet more
is fighting over the electric stapler.
Inspiration can come from the most unlikely of places
oh my gosh! I have been to that French tree chapel... years ago! Good memories. Thanks for the reminder!
Love Google's #StPatricksDay logo - pretty sure they know I am looking at it from PST where its still March 16th though :-)??
we might have new speakers in our neighborhood now "we upgrading?"
Precious in my pants!
Looks at alls my followerss.. thanks y'all
keep calm and carry on. Dawn victor in full effect now!!!
Thanks Ray. Have a good weekend. :)
#Green, A Hard Day's Knight. John Taylor of the Nightside becomes Walker, finds Excalibur, meets King Arthur. & Mab, Oberon & Titania, oh my
hope u had a good xmas, sit up!
Weird, people who listen to you, only to escape from the the shitty main stream news, don't want to hear that stuff? WTF!?
The best part about me having all these weird dreams and shit is that they normally translate into something more. Something bigger.
okey dokey talk soon I know you r patient
"Each day, you must rise with a restless enthusiasm. If you don’t, you are working."
There is never enough time to do everything grrr
Glad you like our names!! RT : And their storage system is called Corral...
Its Nice Outside;)
We should just # & @ mention the shit out of each other for one day, just to see if we'd start to trend. That would show em!
Hey, thanks for the mention! We're flattered! Let us know if you have any questions, we'd love to help! :)
Can I be Frank with you? No? I wanna name change so I can go incognito. ~ Lisa Morgan
no lie-ee-i-ee-i
I hate when mom ask stupid questions and when I give a stupid answer she gets pissed
Thank you $10k donation this morning! Now at $24k... $6k to 30% hurdle!
Really enjoyed the AMT crusader tonight! Stay blessed and be safe everyone. Calling it a night...LOVE YOU ALL!!!
just in case I forget, happy 30th buddy, welcome to the old man club. :)
it's a community of dope musicians/artists basically. A way to share ideas and progress together.
Fact of the day: You don't have to go to church on Ash Wednesday, its not a Holy Day of Obligation
Wow surprisingly my mother didn't yell at me...let's hope edlines not bad tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
u the man! After all these years still doing ur thing!
Urgh, spam Dms need to leave.
“Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.”
Haha , I'm pretty for real so don't ask me ; for real ? - nah dude , for fake -.- Dumb
Try tonight's special: The Mario-Gherita Pizza! Fresh mozzarella, vine ripened tomatoes, garden picked basil & house tomato sauce. Only $5!
I really need to find the on/off switch for my mind cause this not being able to fall asleep stuff is becoming an epidemic.
Study: Less Smog In Baltimore-Washington Area But Other Types Of Pollution Are High
#LasVegas area residents should #text GAVISH to 90210 for #RealEstate info from Gavish Real Estate. Do you want a similar program?
So um I planned a trip to Canada & I'm going with paola :') gr8 <3
A Reminder that Hayao Miyazaki Isn't the Only Director at Studio Ghibli: In the United States the studio is best known for the films ...
Trying not to panic - I can't find my Aussie power adaptor and I need it for my hair straightener... crap
Never thought i would look forward to a game between the Heat and the Clippers
Want to know if you guys received my direct message as requested for the TM prize win? When will we here from Sony? Thanks again.
Though you are disappointed is hope; never let hope fail you! Though one door is shut, there are thousands still open to you.
Need a neww bio!! I need help!
Definitely do it. I'm going to see if I can pull off getting to the show in one of the cities, but I'm not sure yet.
The best man is he who most tries to perfect himself, and the happiest man is he who most feels that he is perfecting himself.
Good luck to everyone doing their SP today!!!
That'll work. He hasn't lived till he tries parking on Farwell Ave. though.
LeBron & D-Wade are really going to have to get Mario Chalmers involved in the 2nd half if Kansas is going to come back in this one.
Who is excited for the new Greene Turtle?? We can't wait to open up and party hard! Can I get a RT?
Do you PIN on Pinterest? We do!!! Search GAP State Street to follow our pins... we would love to follow yours as well!
ESPN Pre-Draft party tomorrow night??
New addition to the terrible rapper bio files:.... "Bio: I'm just trying to be you're favorite rapper."
great to hear from you!
And when you're gone, living you own life, making new memories and meeting new people, I hope you remember me.
If I worked on a restaurant on Valentines Day, I would put a fake engagement ring in every girl's drink.
thanks for the great show at the Reading Comedy Outlet. We love you!
terrell suggs' injury will definitely force roger goodell to consider what the NFL does to prepare players for offseason pickup basketball
Join Las hermanas TONIGHT: Health & Minority Youth at 6:30PM in Marvin Center 402!!!
Really? Did you erase last year from your memory?
Too tired.
Love is a temporary madness.
Winner winner chicken dinner!
Peter Crouch already sent off! Sorry Tottenham, this isn't going to end well.
BTW, that is us-19W towards Johnson City. It turns into i-181 after JC and will run into I-81. N on Hwy 19
Never a hater always a motivator
Tony Parker pushes off a lot
At this meeting atlanta tryna pitch for radio play
Girls like we do nice stuff to them, sweet and shit. We'll guess what guys like that there girls do also .
Looking at freshman pictures. God, I was so wonderfully awkward.
I just followed today so permit me to say Happy Belated Birthday!
RT : ..focus is education, distance learning or career development, follow HIMSS' She's tweeting live at
Congrats! May your experience by as awesome as mine was!! Have fun!
im muscular.... there jus small becuz im skinny -__-
glad you like the new Shack!
If you're a bird, I'm a bird.
Sorry, Laura. Hope you can find something else fun to entertain your guests.
The cherry tomatoes in my salad (From QFC) are less than fresh. But I already put dressing on so I'm past the point of return. Wish me luck.
sweet got next Wednesday off work! To the Davis Arena for a great night!
Do you suppose the fact that people perceive that Romney stands for nothing except lower taxes on the super rich will hurt him in the GE?
yes n there soo sexy right??
Welcome Scott! What brings you to San Francisco?
Yea! Great to hear, thanks for coming out! RT : Fun 80s party last night - will be back! :-)
When your cousins jocks your shit!
I better see in the Cannon caucus room at some point today
Any plans to offer night or weekend classes?
#bro I stay hye
I don't hate you but I just wanna save you while there's something left to save, whoa whoa
thought you'd like that ;)
are you going to respond?
Salute to the following: for staying this the game PLUR
Grave Goods - Ariana Franklin
Autopia at night is the best.. Even though I cant drive and the cars keep dying :P
Wish I could read Paul ryan's mind while he listens to obama's #SOTU talk
You always make me feel relieved. It's a gift, you have.
I stayed at a really nice, really fancy hotel this weekend. The towels were so thick I could hardly get my suitcase shut.
hi, how are you doing Eliza? <U+26BD>
Hi Mandy, Thanks very much for the follow, cheers Stuart
Stoked for #Alcatraz tonight! Such a great show!
just read your take on the movie. Come take a look at what I'm working on at www.iNeverSayNever.com
Come catch us tomorrow in TOLEDO, OH at @ Headliners. We play the main stage at 12pm. Don't miss it!
Great day to be a Kentucky Fan!!!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime He-Man :-) :-) :-)
Sadly I don't have the gym all to myself as I thought I would
Do you have skin care questions you have always wanted to ask an expert dermatologist? Shoot 'em at me!
Twitter is just always fun .
fuck u im doin jus fine without u now u c u made a big mistake so save it im moving on
Thanks, I'll take a look at it.
Driving and shop Tmr!.
true self.
Did a story on a cat today that made it's way to Madison from Webster, Minnesota under the hood of a car! Amazingly it wasn't hurt.
I'm gonna get yelled at for being so lazy, oh well
Beautiful day in minneapolis
One day I hope you look back at what we had, and regret every single thing you did to let it end.
That's putting it mildly. I couldn't believe he was a contender. Political memory is short.
the day he follows me, i'm going to make a cake like that:P
we are BEYOND in love :)
You Are One Of Kind Girl 4-3-12:)
Trayvon Martin Limited Edition Skittles bag o.0
GM twitter world C
"TIME IS A TERRIBLE THING TO WASTE" Aspiring models 4 work send us an email for further info
attending a Lions meeting on Wed. evening. Plan on promoting Bauble. It's a perfect fit!
ill be there at 7:30. You ll get to meet my husband and parents.
but they are playing the Devils now? I feel like their time to celebrate a quarterfinal victory against us is far than over.
Or MySpace?
Good Morning #Hou. What a nice way to wake up.
The rumbling is upon us in Center Line/Warren.
nun how you been?
Hunger Games >>> everything EXCEPT
I'm nuts about handbags!
He is trying to rename me..and it's not working!!
You should only be able to "tweet" from experience!!
You're most welcome !
There are too many words to express how I'm feeling right now. Drawing it out.
m, sounds like we'll have to add it to the list of yummy things to make when I visit... next to fried rice :)
Taylor Swift is getting on my nerves!
You just got #YOLO ed
FA cup started and I'm not sure who I would like to win. Both teams have players that have issues with people that are not white.
LMFAO how awkward, my bffl tweeted that.
Me: So, did you play a lot of WoW in high school? Him: Hell no. I got laid a lot in high school.
Contrary to the opinion of many people, leaders are not born. Leaders are made, and they are made by effort and hard work. Vince Lombardi
Me and my bro are getting distant from each other. He doesn't know it tho.
halloween plans ppl?
having a numb mouth >>>>
38% of people comparison shop online.
do you believe in taxation without representation? Mmj?
Shit got real <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Still not sure whether I should keep this gray hair and look old or pluck it and look bald.
The grass is always greener on the other side, but it still needs to be mowed.
Thanks for the follow Frida...going to have any gluten-free offerings?
I'd expect more after 30+ month relationship than grabbing $40 bucks, slapping me in the face & suggesting I keep paying you
Great quote from Matt Dernoga: "The only jobs plastic bags are generating in our county are government jobs picking them up"
#baddjnames dj scratch n sniff
I'm doing well. Keeping busy. Where are you these days?
It's been a long dayy,
Thanks. I will track it down using my 'research skills' (i.e. will google it).
That's what I was thinking too! thanks :-)
my father-in-law just killed a black widow spider where I was sitting just an hour earlier.
HahahaRT : I'm in the studio holding a new born baby as I do my drops for The #HotInCleveland Mixtape and we're both HOLLIN!!!!
Hearing my sister yell "I am an adult!" to her child leads me to believe otherwise..
Good Morning! Next holiday is New Years and our Anniversary! We were married on the stroke of Midnight on the Millennium on Capital steps!
I'll have to read that one. What was your take on it?
"Love stinks yeah yeah"
What is it to be In LOVE with the one? Is there really a "one"???
Updated Logo and Cover Photo I will be use that for my videos from now on -ProtoSkar
Wearing a fake mustache in class tonight...classy, professional, and absolutely academic. FUN
oh, aqualung
Umm, a lot of people say I'm weird. So everytime I'm around those people I'll talk about blood/death things to freak them out
: #Romney can't wait to be able to use the #Bully Pulpit.
In my sleep deprivation, I bought Christmas presents. This will not end well. I stopped before I used bill money though! :D
The thing that sucks about my girlfriend's period is that it's my fault if she has one and it's probably my fault if she doesn't.
true story! Amateurs.... :)
no sorry, it's a ticketed event and all 200 tix sold out in 2 days! U can try 2 get 1 at the door if anyone cancels.
oh sunday nights, if only monday mornings didn't follow you..
my Bionic keeps losing signal.have to toggle airplane mode and back few times to get back to 3G or 4G. 2nd bionic doing this.
Unfortunately, you are correct. We do have inexpensive six packs though! What are you looking for?
Closer than close! RT : 138 hours to graduation.
Here we go Brewers here we go! WTB Rickey Weeks
re: Rebranding-What are audience #s? My daughter is in college.She & her friends don't watch docs.They read non-fiction books.
"My achilles heel is love"
Happy Saturday Everyone!!! hope you are all doing something fun?!
": This is why #Scorpios are associated with the phoenix rising, nothing ever really gets them down"
chillin! I can't sleep ! :'c
Top 5 sack leaders over the last 2 seasons. 1 current Chief. 2 Former
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
Playing in the shop right now - Stray Cats: Built For Speed, on vinyl.
You look adorable!
I feel like i'm #losing today.
a walk to remember!! That movie is raw!
I guess the Giants like playing from behind
hngjdhs i know but like why is he still in the spotlight?? i thought he faded away like 2 years ago lmao
RT : "Thank god saint Patrick's day is over #toodrunk #needtosleep"
I don't know where you're going and I don't know why, but listen to your heart before you tell him goodbye!
We are so glad you enjoy the service. Happy eReading!
that makes no sense at all! What a holes! I hope he is ok!
Great day of filming,footage looks great...pics..great! Follow us on fb for everything. Last Breath: A Shay Lucas Film for more ...
“: Hustle+ Mustle = Success! I like that math...” yes sir....Fab
get 2 large please! Pepperoni
Looks like will lose his bet w/ , unless #Hawks COMPLETELY fall apart in 4th.
What's up Poo??
what is this all about?
All the Argento continues. OPERA, tonight, in 35
#dropbox wiki thanks - on ubuntu, tomboy notes are nice: can edit and synch w/one.ubuntu.com - says works on mac /win
thanks for the follow. Always learn so much from you!
any chance y'all will add more 6:30 a.m. #BootcampBarre classes throughout the week? Lurb!
This time Natalie tweeted tinged with romance
nba economics class “: Jus got my first check...finally understand TAXES...smdh...time for work”
what's next weekend?
Thanks!! Much appreciated
The neighbors across my studio are painting a room Crayola 8-pack Green. I kinda love it for the garishness.
whatup with that alcohol
Be your own Prince Charming. Rescue yourself from the castle.
STILL PEEING
(AP) -- Romney wins Rhode Island GOP presidential primary.
Is the sky blue, is the Pope catholic, etc.? RT Come on Tweetdeck. Don't fail me NOW!
Inchworms found on my person yesterday: 3. I ran through about 5 gauntlets of them.
It's funny how most music today is about how much the guy wants to hook up with you, when all the Beatles wanted to do was hold your hand.
Breakfast of champions.... Leggo
Wound up spending the day with my uncle from Virginia and my grandma, back from Arizona. Life is good.
I can't wait for tomorrow because it holds every dream that I have ever had...
I'm Sorry I got you upset. I love you
This was amazing!!!!
Yo wanna go to the draft tomorrow night w me and the boys? I have an extra ticket
We are hearing you...
I need a cigarette
Thanks for the RT Jeff!
Yes. It's on Facebook.
Great! See you there! RT : Great NYC Weekend: and NYTimes Travel Show. Looking forward to both!
stinks to be you!
yr blog posts are my illicit bedtime-w-the-iPhone stories. Tremendously enjoy yr writing. Any Belleville/menilmt food recs?
Here comes trouble: mom just showed up with huge honkin pack of oreo cookies.
#nyy #yankees No teams puts a more pronounced shift on TEX than Tampa (Madden actually was the first). If the situation calls for it..(cont)
Making arrangements to host the next East Midlands Young Planners event, the week commencing the 6th November (further details to follow)
I lovee when youtube famous people think they are famous...
I think so - Sunday night and Monday probably...may need to be a +1 :)
All Hail Ales Nos. 15 (bier de garde) and 16 (schwartzbier) bubbling along quite nicely. All they need now is winter weather to lager in.
Loving my new iPad. Think I'm officially (finally) becoming a Mac person
@ school. teacher's like bitching at all of us -_-
So awesome... thought I was was the only one who got those calls!
"Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new."—Henry David Thoreau
challenge ACCEPT-TE--------Z.
Plz plz follow plz!!!!!!! She is awesome and she follows back!
was #winestorming last night, then got sad when I stormed too much and ran out of wine!
4 Kenyans, including presidential candidate, Uhuru Kenyatta, to stand trial at the Haque for 07 post election violence. via NYTimes
Thank you Vivian!
Hamilton. again.
Thanks. It's definitely a bummer.
Yeah, I would probably be filing for an exemption rather than FULL HUMAN RESEARCH REVIEW.
China Cracks Down After Chen Escape - Wall Street Journal
sadly we don't live in that world
RT - I wonder who came up with #ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis ? LOL. - No kidding huh? #TooFunny!
Tonight is the night for season finales, and so far so good.
Thanks for joining us on air this morning, !
im boreeeeddd D:
The Rufus Wainright video stars Helena Bonham Carter as a Librarian!
Under draft strategic plan for #uwgb Weidner Center, mission would be "To delight, educate and inspire"
Love your site idea and a user of it myself. What is your skype or email conact info?
there's no excuse for bad oral hygene.
um I didn't say anything about "fat" fingers...
I won a great bracelet at tonight!
if you weren't #totallyawesome, I wouldn't have said so..,
Dinner date with my sister :]
I love you , you rock
I want some good seafood
I got us lights for
oh i got ya, you aint tryna give me mandi's ticket though lmao
Got AC in the yo #blessing thank you Jesus...
If you want to stand out, don't be different, be outstanding. Meredith West
thank you love your tweets XO
NO I AM NOT TWEETING MYSELF JESSICA IS ON THAT ACCOUNT
RT just for the heck of it . (;
headed to #usnatarchives right now. awesomeness expected.
truly appreciate the support:)
i know i know!! everybody has been telling me, its nice to have people supporting me!
Law enforcement sources tell us it was a small amount of coke and Ecstasy for personal use
Reminiscing on the Nintendo, gameboy & Sega days
If u arent #following my radio show or my company u still can!
OMG I'm gonna do it like right NOW!!!!
Get special! This wknd's special is the RAMON OMELET! A mix of Chorizo, black bean, cheddar with fire roasted salsa on top! Have one. Now!
Who the hell knows what the Hornets ever did to him. Hmm, maybe a dislike of Shinn. But no excuse.
HEY. ~Dana
“: piss the futon bro” #tommyswag I figured as much. I was pretty wet, rolled around outside tho too haha
Idk wtf my neighbors are doing but they need to stop making all that noise
FITzees, you're gonna LOVE our new #PizzaPasta! It's whole wheat penne w/ turkey sauce, chicken sausage, mozzarella, spices, and basil!
The show "It's Worth What?" would be interesting if it was hosted by a robot that very simply introduced items, rather than Cedric the Moron
#TeamTim! cc: RT : What a moment! Welcome to twitter !
I know your somewhere out there...somewhere far away. #teamjammer is here to stay. We ain't going away!
#FF :) shes amazing and a inspiration to us <3
he's a gem! won't stay in England and should go to a team where he can play regularly, the goals will keep flowing..
RI holiday lighting contest announced - Quad City Times RI holiday lighting contest announced Quad City Times The Rock Island Beautificat
you remember when your interactions were showing you when people followed you in July? Yeah. I'm having the same problem.
I JUST #RETWEETED LIKE 50+ OF TWEETS WHY BECAUSE THEIR JUST THAT GOOD NOW U GO SEE FOR YOURSELF AND FOLLOW! HE'LL GET U FOLLOWERS!
Omaha, ne. Next stop Denver.
I know I can be a jerk sometimes, and yeah I can be mean a lot, but you know I tried many times to apologize to you for it.
“: When you meet someone special...you'll know.Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
What a gorgeous day!
Interesting narrative in #Frontline's Part 3: that POTUS got swayed by Geithner 2 B soft on banks; ltr by Rahm 2 toughen up on them.
why aren't there more meeting like this???
"A man may fail many times but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else." - J. Paul Getty
cranberry juice :D
Why wont i fall asleeeeppp
was just messing around like saying he realized he stunk last year
I dnt follow bck people that dnt mention me , so if u wanna follow bck u better mention me
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
finally? Only took me like..uhh..every 3 months ;)
great tweet
and Julia <3 u too!
im not a beef kinda guy. turkey's my thing
RT : The Truth won't change just because you get offended easily.
RT : RT : You're whispering and looking at me. I know you're talking about me, Dumbass.
you literally said "pretty major"
Did you see the 'White Teeth' miniseries? Loved both books and wondering the same thing about adapting her...
I love you so much
Watching the new stone cold Steve Austin DVD. I think it's funny now he understands Eric Bischoff move
I think I will be going to the beach tomorrow :-)
get ready to see me in the neon safety vest at noon, folks
Yoga room, sushi, pinkberry, peet's coffee. Where am I?
Dusted off my bash/expect script knowledge this evening and saved myself an hour of clicking & cut-pasting. Not too shabby.
Out of work :D
I wuda been SOL if my ball wuda fell off somewhere else
Stopped at Denny's to eat hoping I didn't have to wait 45 minutes for my food.
When you know better, you do better.
Hola tweeps! We'll be closed this Monday for the holiday. Enjoy.
says, "the audience shapes the brand."
#bigtennetwork hey. I'm trying to watch a football game. Stop going to commercial during drives.
Two Beagles Bakery would like to thank all our great customers & supporters by offering free cookies tomorrow today. We'll also be...
": “: ": “: love #oomf who texts me goodnight every night”oh me!" oh yeah!”so me?" obv
why? Everyone else is putting shit up..
I love watching Irvin fight! Not a lot to watch when you knock someone out in 8 seconds though.
Justin Timberlake I have always supported measures and principles and not men
for appetizers they have lobster crab oysters tuna shrimp everything but there's break meatballs and now were getting dinner
Inspired by all of the amazing people I met at my first conference
can't even imagine!
love --great insights
thanks for the RT Osonoi-San!
If they can cure Magic Johnson's HIV they sure as fuck should be able to fix Mikey J's parkinsons.
When I write cursive it looks g af.
best PG in the league
Just finished another round of Headshots for Haiti. Raised another $207 today, bringing the grand total raised to $2200
Vincent IT won SEO project in travel domain. A word press site to be optimized for their customers in U.S.
Ouch, Jason that hurts. You promised to help me. Remember cuz I asked first?
look for me on sunday night! ill be the one with a, "Matty Ice=Mr.Softee" sign
Miami Dolphins undrafted rookie free agents sign deals
Finally saw 21 Jumpstreet it was hilarious!
you watch Smash too??
Well your words before were prophetic ... now they are down by 3.
Winter where are you?
Remember when they asked why he changed his name to Meta Worldpeace and he said "just because" hahaha, this fool
i completely understand! I am traveling for work next week for a week. Totally booked!
at a stoplight lol
I just re-read this in context - I was attempting to poorly correlate man-card to clinic bombing... it was all around fail :)
Me, too.
Sadly, Yes. We talked black men women relationships on July 4th. RT : is that the brother behind ActNow Foundation?
This Dm -___- I'm playing hard to get to everyone :-)
At guard, number one, his favorite movie is the notebook...
all in good fun. not like any of us would actually DO it
how are you?
#Orlando. BIG FIESTA planned for November 1. Bring your friends, bring family! 30 years in the business!
...but New Star later with ?!
RT : So these Girl Scout cookies might as well say "Serving size: one box."
Good Morning! Have a great day too! : )
So now I'm obsessed with sequins. Thanks and friends.
My RING was im his dick SMFH!!!!!!
Welcome to from the Twitterverse! Emp #66828 present and accounted for. Have a great Tuesday!
For some reason kids always like dancing in underwear. Maybe we would all dance better in just underwear.
And I still had to miss out on so many other great events. Why is everything on the same day?!?!
+1 RT : Me. RT Any takers for The Avengers being the biggest box office performer of the year?
If you dont dream big, theres no use of dreaming. If you dont have faith, theres nothing worth believing.
COME GET YOUR PICTURE TAKEN AT OUR DOWNTOWN LOCATION!
RD - Keeps $ local w gr8r ctrl than Sacto; Your premise suggests non RDA projects do not cost to operate?
yeah...not many good options. Brathaus and Catch22 have one I think. Don't take Trinity's - they're assholes.
How large of a mirror are you looking for?
my friend just texted me saying "HELP!! IM NEXT TO DIRECTIONATORS!" . hahah (;
Before the madness begins tomorrow I want to thank you for all the amazing recruiting coverage you provide us. GO NOLES!!
good seeing you tonight bro... Goodtimes... Oh and thanks for the track....
Going to orange leaf with Kevin cuz i have no life with teenagers.
Anyone want a tattoo?? My cousin Faron is a pro:o)
Funny you tweet this, we're creating some right now! RT : There's a monthly rebus in magazine.
One of the best conversations I've ever had was with Melinda Emerson, the SmallBizLady; we talked for an hour and 1/2! I'm in LA-She's in P…
i got you bro!
God of War 2 it is.
I don't know how they will be able to adjust this season if he doesn't....
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need . <U+2764> - <U+2764>
text me
I heard they didn't want to hire the hobbit to replace all the divits....
What's up with people buying up all the #missonifortarget and then selling it on EBAY? Humans can be quite bothersome.
HaHa! Loving! it, no doubt that would be a great idea. Rain jackets too maybe? :)
Seem as i always get sick around this time of the year.
Happy Easter miss Piper :)! wish U and your family a wonderful weekend :)!
Nearly blew the sub in my car proofing this mix. Whoa.
these boxes are the smell of the art of print alive and well!
There are no pierogis in Bulgaria.
I didn't have a camera. (not ) had a camera, but has been "on biz" since we got back. Thanks for reminder tho
perfect. Can you buy 5 extra for me? I will reimburse you and split the profits if we win.
Fuck it. I'll just bust out the paper bag.
There's that. We all knew the D would suck, but the O was supposed to be the bailout.
I should be getting ready and not just lying here lazily.
RT Who has the best BLT in Sacramento? I'm in need. And full disclosure, I don't like thin, limp bacon.
You too. Still despise the Knicks.
Sorry. Tis better to do laundry for yourself than for others. Still loves ya though;-)
Was it really simpler in 1935? Think of the societal divisions and distrust of socialist benefits. Roosevelt. Hitler. Simpler?
had a great time at Vanessie Saturday. We'll be back in Santa Fe real soon. Have a great week, friends!
JK Rowling announces new book; Harry Potter fans react - Washington Post
These guys seem right up our alley:
the US just doesnt care enough about soccer
no. we can't. Admin refused to add a Delta V requisition to my contract for next year.
It is not cool to take your girlfriend's shoe off and give her a full-on foot massage...on the crowded train.
we play two back to back!! only like, 5-8 bones, we'd love to see you :)
this is just pathetic; 1st base ump calls Burriss safe n BLATANT makeup call; Manny was out there; who says ragging on blue doesn't pay off?
RT : We're giving away an iPad2 at 5,000 follower! Everyone who tweets is entered to win!
Welcome new followers
Mexican for dinner then off to zoo lights with some good friends!! And I guess well take the kids to... I love Christmas!!
I have been invited to the Jefferson Awards Gala in Chicago! So excited! What an honor..can't wait!
No I'm in the radio play-by-play booth I have nice 35" HDTV right in front of me.
yeah ! Haha its embarrassing(x
Would love to check out , but it's definitely not
Lodi and blue cheese potatoes
Thanks so much! I can't wait.
You got it Mr. Franco!
what up
Ready for brewers baseball watching on #brewers gamecast. Go crew
AZ GOP State Chairman Tom Morrissey not providing vote count - Ron Paul Supporters demand Roberts Rules - event 4 hrs behind
Before he was one of the most powerful men in the world, John D. Rockefeller was a Chancellor Alumni. Who will you become? goo.gl/Iwcpj
If only Harvey were on Twitter. Safe trip to Portland!
lol the reason i got a headache is cuz u think u can f*** wit me
were you looking in the mirror? ;)
DailyHookahTip#138: Always fill the vase 1-2 inches above the bottom tip of the tube that goes down into the vase.
The book is officially available! And, www.davidshorter.com is all the rage!
Great idea. With all the personal finance problems we face, everyone should take a break from shopping & end Black Friday.
Meet and Greets today in Philadelphia...and maybe a Philly Cheesesteak from Ralphs. Booyah!
seriously thinking of taking tuesdays off so I can be home for all the new episodes of pretty little liars coming out
you know he was in jail, right? mm-hm
Thanks for your kind words. I'll be sure to pass that along to our designers.
..just landed at for their 'Tap This! Eat That' beer/ food truck pairing featuring
In the library to survive finals of ur first semester of grad school!! RT : #HeyWendy question, best place to eat a #cheeseburger?
Oh my lord. This guy shouldn't be working at Wendy's. He should be an underwear model.
much appreciated, love gettin the feedback from my fans!
I'm having so much fun!!!
RT "I have an iPad. I have no idea what to use it for, except to show how much better I am than everyone else." LOL SO TRUE
Apparently Dad is planning on visiting me in June. First I've heard of this. cc:
I think I'll just read a book until I get sleepy, along w. my sleep aid, b.c. it takes a while for it to work.
Never GIGI NEVER!!!! unless we get some flan then ill be forced to shush because i have to eat! :D
The iTriage man is heading over to the #ih3 party!!! Snap a photo with him for a chance to win!!!!!
Dear Gmail, I love your Preview theme, but the ads that cut off my messages, they're KILLING ME SLOWLY.
Time to do some yoga :)
Hoping that today will be good. No problems whatsoever.
ugh, synopsis.
soo i was walking in Walmart and they were blasting #unfriendyou! i was like Oh My God! aha, it made my day. <U+2665>
Pls is LAST person who should be Twitter attacking anyone, given he's nothing but a quitter misogynist media whore
Pakcing up the Rock Star... Geez - has a lot of shoes.
Like the page
Twitter is telling me to follow WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU SUGGESTING TWITTER
"Was This Worth It" by will be spun in the 12p hour TODAY on Harrisburg's 105.7 The X w/MoeRock. STREAM IT LIVE on www.1057thex.com!
hey mike. I work at a sports station in gainesville. Wanna call in and promote anything? It's 6-8pm 352-372-3700.
What does the future journal look like? Let's start with platform.
we can decorate them during craft time and then we can make them race eachother for exercise
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway. Mary Kay Ash
That's very true! I'll always have the memories even if Renate doesn't.
That works well until you need to go UP a floor ;-)
dropping name got me a convo w sir charles - he said good things about you dingers, thanks for the heads up
Ellen's JCPenny commercials are making me think I won't ever shop there again.
OMG the 50% off sale! Great last minute gifts for coworkers/bosses/teachers (candles etc). Long lines tho - bring a book!
God teach me that forgiving is the highest level of strength and taking revenge is the first sign of weakness.
Yes, please! Thanks! Re Somewhere I have a record sleeve with a Magic Brain ad. Want me to try to find it?
Looking nice! Congratulations!!
Welcoming our newest members: Joakimlindroos, brenindavs & mitochondria4...Welcome aboard all
I obviously mean very little if anything to you.
Just downloaded Taylor Issues! YEEUHHH Lol Im going to make an Austin Mahone cd!
Ug. It is only Thursday night. Guess bed wins over another beer... That would be the responsible thing...
got anything stronger than tea? *winks back*
Hate being hungry late night.. Or early morning.
I can't even speak.
Have you ever picked up a postcard for a show you've never heard of and then gone to that show? I haven't.
I don't even know what the Vista campus looks like...I should probably figure that out.
mobile video movies hire can u serve me up following so hire my circle of talent appt needed
Is that a for certain yes?
Tonight check out the Centertown party at the Frame and Mat Shop on Washington! Music, Food and Art~Family style!
Thanks for inspiring me! I'll get right on it!
"I spent many hours in the bar arguing with other students about FRBR." -Jin Ha Lee
follow back?
Packing for move. Wife: "How many hatchets does one man need" Me: "I don't understand the question."
I expect most of my London time will be spend in the BL. Perhaps coffee break with if she's working there, too!
Happy Friday every one. lets get the weekend started!
Something provoked the whole globe to lower expectations, damn what's wrong with my generation?
clay guida while it may have been a good fight, dont see him making a challenge for the belt quite like you
sad huh?
I don't tend to migrate north, but I'm doing it tomorrow!
"I solemnly swear I am up to no good."
Hey ppl can u pleez follow me! Follow me, I follow back
lol who telling u this foolishness
How can we get you to feature us?
Why am I craving popcorn so bad!? Ah!
that's the only thing, my place is tiny. She seems pretty happy though.
Ha! Well done embracing.
Pissed the BOYZ are in the city performing and they didn't tweet about it before so I didn't know -.-
<U+200E>2 quick observations: Steven Tyler can no longer carry a tune and Wes Welker's sporting an incomparable 'stache today...go #Pats!
Telling not asking, pointing a finger talking too much, Biggest error is :Talking Head"
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
Want a free 30-minute nutritional breakthrough session w/me? (By phone is okay!) Schedule through www.eating4achieving.com.
I'm taking a hair curler i hope one of the sicurites doesn't take it out and asks "whats this" it looks like a dildo yo.
Just heard you song "In Love Alone"
high school girl keeps looking at me and smiling....
My over-under list is for casino-related tweeps
DADDY STILL THERE?
"Free as in Puppies!" I LOVE this metaphor for using #Drupal. You have to feed, maintain and do parent time.
How ya doin' I loved you on that aston martin song w/ you inspire me baby. I can shoot you a TIGHT video!!
You know what makes uploading grades super fun????? NOTHING.
We are fortunate to have Richard Romano once again writing for
RT : : "Fighting for digital rights is as important as fighting for other civil rights."
No white just yet. You should try these on. Super cute!
Walter Murphy really is the man
you are my life saver!
Petersen: "Given how the profit motive has worked its way into our education system, [an open access] future should not be counted on."
Anyways .. keep ur haters hating.. GM!
Austerity for the rich and government stimulus for everyone else. There, your economy is fixed.
Anything that is unrelated to an elephant is irrelephant.
Still hungry! 3 more hours left at work though...
I'm at Ihop right now.. so after I leave, I'm ready whenever !!
he still didn't show?
Why is the name of the phobia for the fear of long words Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia?
Well we've wandered off by now. Further proof that you do not exist
broke nigga make me sick...... throw up
Cinco de Mayo dinner with and #Twitterless Chris & Chuck!
Cupcakes For All! will be buying cupcakes tomorrow at in Capitol Hill 12-4pm! Stop by, vote, get a cupcake!
Tweet:"I'm one in a million for healthy moms & babies around the world" to Million Moms Challenge-Women are Powerful-we empower other women
@ deanna, this time she tweeted tartness and contradiction
how can you be so loyal, kind, and stay true to the fans? Its amazing! What you do is so sweet! <3 #Love &
oh, I love key lime pie! Dipped in chocolate sounds divine. Did you enjoy?
Off to late-night grocery store visit...must have #BACON for Saturday morning!
Eating at There's a cute little gir singing "rumor has it!" over and over again. It's not annoying yet. Emphasis on 'yet'.
Dear Nato protestors, dont be out here trying to fuck my city up. You start tearing shit up we go start tearing yo asses up..lol
Yep, got it from the AHL store. It should be waiting for me when I get home tomorrow. I WILL SEND PICTURES.
your new social media rockstar for hire
hi brennin! The first time i saw u on x factor i relly think u are talented. Wishing u more success in terms of your career!
Hahaha !! I will send it to her !! Je t'aime ma cousine !!
that show is on? what channel?!
The weather's warming up and we're loving painting in the great outdoors... well outside. What's your DIY Project this spring?
ATTENTION WAFFLE LOVERS: Today we are offering the classic waffle for only $2 at our downtown location.
...true. Karma
Thanks for the yoga and wine last night, ! Most unique date ever. :) Then I ran this a.m.--woot!
Thank you. Can't wait to hear!
If you've got a low car you understand that a blown semi tire can destroy your world.
"British study found eating cheese before sleep produced vivid dreams. Different cheeses produce different types of dreams” THX
WE DO!! <3 & watch never say never!!
#wheniwas14 Three Men and a Baby was the top-grossing movie of the year. Who made Steve Guttenburg famous?
most likely to be trill og
Ugh seriously! I wanna punch him lol
What are you talking about? I didn't change anything? Wow...
First time in 4 years not going to Just unfair I'll be missing , etc
He the best 1 on the Lakers
God Morning (: Have a good day(:
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS
RT for support of marijuana legalization!
hey what's up!! Love what u do..keep it up
she won't take her eyes off it!!!
Put your &quot;Green Earrings&quot; on tonight and swing down to in Chattanooga. We're playing a new tune!
Oh yeah nfl draft yeah
I know it's early to mention it, but tonight (& all Fridays from now on) every cocktail on our list is $5!
what tracks??
still a little incredulous this is only my third paper of the semester
Dancers = athletes with style.
guess I'll finish watching the #saints #49er's game now. lol
At this moment, I'm about 95% sure that I'm going to nap in my car at lunch.
We are seeming to get sicker as a nation. What is your opinion as to why this is?
Press on,Wisconsin, don't let up!You never know how close to a breakthrough we might be!Turn this setback into a decisive victory! Press on!
Amazing office surprise visit from whose amazing shoes I work hard to fill! We miss you, Speer!
congrats on today's premiere. You don't need NBC to give you a star. You were born one. (side note: NBC is in 4th too)
tell him you gotta get to the Ski Swap to sell some gear. He'll understand.
Maybe it's a condition of getting older: we forget about the bears' defenseless inner ears.
Overheard TA talking about students: "I want to send them all to, like, hermeneutical bootcamp."
Asked a friend if he was interested in Cologne. His earnest reply - "Hm i am stinky . What kind?"
did your vegan lifestyle get thrown out the door this weekend? If only for just a day. .
Krazie Bone's Twitter bio: "from the world's most influential rap group Bone Thugs N Harmony". C'MON! Missing words "AND BEST", Krazie
: no j wasn't asking you that. I wasn't asking you that at all. I just want to know why you're so interested in calling ...
Just farted on (;
okay good! Lol
#sschat does this. They hang outside her door and have different codes printed for each class.
Hahaha! I really don't give af!! going w/ what makes me happy!! :D
Thank you Jon!
I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight
I can't right now. I hate seeing Austin upset.
moving to the in-laws cottage on Conesus lake this weekend. Still looking for a house in Livonia
LMFAO definitely wasn't about you ...
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE,,
just left the park. It's coming along well.
“: Urban Meyer said they want throw 3 times for every run. Gotta get that passing attack rolling.” 2 of 3 will be jump-passes
RT Most CLE doesn't hit key brain requirements: Neither intense, novel, scary, interactive, diverting nor emotional.
Sure I COULD watch MLBNetwork & see what happened in tonight's #MLB games and how my fantasy teams did, but Spaceballs is on.
Has Kenny tweeted you back yet?
Im finding out alot of portland dudes is on some downlow type shit
Come on #jimmyjohns don't fail me now!
At the 1st annual Technical & Analytics Conference in San Diego! Am learning about language from USC prof Michael Arbib
Gay struggle is not the same as black folks struggle. U not gay till u show it. U black when u walk in the door dumb ass fuckers
Awesome news is that for same $$$ I pay now in Chicago suburbs for a studio apt, I can get a two bedroom apt in Atlanta suburbs.
Dally really needs to make a Facebook so I don't have to think of clever things to put as our status. WHO HAS TWITTTTERRRR
Count it!
Tomorrow you will need to use your spidey sense to figure out if something is wrong?
TY for the #inspiring #TEDtalk -- we posted on #Facebook too! Also check out our new #mobile #accounting tool,
Watched Network once again! Amazing movie!
holy f... fried chicken overload
Im fina pay city of Memphis u Brng me $20
Thanks so much! That's all i need to hear to keep playing. Best to you, VOo
Mexicans are much bigger consumers of video (via FB and YouTube) than any other country in Latin America.
if this is collaborative recipe making, I'm in! will let you know how it turns out.
Before 2012 I Would Love For To Follow Me :'D <3 <3 <3
The #Oscars are so motivating!!
How are you? :)
all of my followers need to watch the trailer for the movie. "ted" it has mark walburg and mila kunis in it..fucking hilarious!!!!
Thanks for following us!
"It’s as though Mitt inherited all of his father’s noblesse, but none of the oblige."
no that ratchet place lol....just a show about ME finding my place in San Fran :)))
We got The Gold Trigon. We are so awesome.
You damn right... they can't stop Calvin Johnson
This is setting up to produce one hell of a brawl between the #Islanders and #Penguins later this year.
ohh ok thank uu is the group name official christofer drew awareness?:)
I have SO much reading to do today. #ShootMe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
wow she called me daddy n how long we been knowing each other 4 days got damn
will do! Thanks for following (:
Groceries. Check. Laundry. Check. Big breakfast. Check. Dishes. Check. Workout. Check.
is a great thing. Love the pictures and videos.
sometimes i wish i could see into the future at what is come but til then time waits for none
Hope you caught us Rockin Out Autism on News 12 today! see you saturday at ROCK OUT AUTISM 3!
haha ok we'll discuss this further later
Welcome to today's visiting groups: and Bowman's Hill Wildflower Preserve Members!
Hello to my wonderful, handsome, beautiful, gorgeous and hot followers!
i pursue no one that does not give me reason to
Only an hour left of Prodigy's birthday where I'm at..
Not an inaccurate description.
#newsweek Canceling my subscription.
Brazil can not be serious about passing this bill on the rainforest! That will destroy climate and the ancient people still thriving today!
I love it when the South Philly neighbors yell through Severino's mail slot. "Sevy! Sevy!"
Can't wait till.I.start driving
Viola Davis at the #oscars --> wow!!
Oh that sucks n ur welcome. =)
In Greece, world looking more and more like a recent novel.
#WhatUNeedToDoIs Stop blaming yourself for things that weren't your fault and take responsibility for things that were your fault
Thank you so much for following me! It's been my dream to sing on live radio for you! If you'd allow that that would be amazing
sorry primo I don't check my twitter that much...what's good?
Sometimes I let him do the wide shots when I feel like getting blazed in my winnie
Michael Owen has been sidelined with yet another injury. Turns out the door hit his ass on his way out of Manchester United.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mom walks in while ur having sex.
How'd that shit go ?
yeah we won 4-3 in the eighth inning.
you gotta get to the truck, man!
So excited to be following , the actress who brought Effie Trinket to the screen!
is one of my fave celeb apprentice players. Smart. Creative. Strong. Passionate. Sexy. Great model for businesswomen everywhere!
Olive garden w/ the sis
90%Grind 10%Sleep .... I'm sure this will all pay off in the long run!!!
Ya! I'll call you tomorrow or Friday so we can plan!
Amare Stoudamire doubtful for Game 4, ha! So r the Knicks..series over! #nba playoffs
id rather see him stay but i dont see it
ha, odd/funny memories of certain miles.
Save up to 75% on all poker chip sets @ www.eproducts4less.biz
and by the way are you thinkin about the way u draft thursday?
I'm pretty sure the entire desert has flown into my eyes. Working outside is not fun today.
Yoga seems to give great relief to people in tension or stress
#ShoutOut 2 4 all their help tonight! Thanks guys! Look forward 2 working with u. Ya'll go check out their music!
I Wish I Could Say My Hero Knows I'm Alive... =(
same here. Very busy for the last few months thus on twitter a lil less.
What is the gospel? The royal announcement that Jesus is Lord.
this sucks!!
Awesome to see you respond to fans on your Twitter. Keep bringing it! :D
Girls keep sayin they want something start tryin to find him
2 new songs ready for tonight. Maybe 3. Buck's Tavern 9pm
Steak n Shake run!
One day, I want to live in a loft in downtown Austin. One day…. Who knows when that'll be though.
Oh, I'm there! Without a doubt. See you this weekend!!
's Special Engagements cont'd yesterday with WoodKid. Catch the director’s cut of the show today at 2P CT: ht.ly/8G7ZP
"feels like" is listed as windchill or heat index in the API. NA if neither is applicable in mild/fair conditions
Lost time is never found again. Benjamin Franklin
hopefully if you have reservations at this one they will seat you on time
That's awesome!
LOL RT : Instagram can't save you guys from the truth. We know you're black as tar.
Its #fridaythe13th ...no wonder my day is shitty!
TROLLIN. RT Damn didn't know this man people didn't want me in #NY might just get what you asking for!
I can't handle how much I keep listening to this song.
But why solve real problems when you can scapegoat the gays? Clearly wars are fought and kids go hungry because I'm gay.
I like to think we are frenemies.. :)
he also called you a pretty hot babe(; umm I'll ask my followers(:
“: maybe that's what happens when you make accusations in a story without any hard evidence or proof.” blissnorance
soaking up the sun- stuffing face- great combo
(c) Drama happens. People start starting shit with people & other stuff. The people have lifes.. You cant expect them to not have a (c)
summer school starts n 17 min.
•...makes you independent of wrong political decisions.
biggie shouldn't have gone to LA
Vote Victor Garcia for Wrong turn 5 director! -V
you gotta! don't worry I'll go slow.
Still in the frame, the camera defies smartphone onslaught - Business Standard
I look like hell rolled over this morning
Gonna see tomorrow
“: house was just on fire #stupidjames #learnhowtocook” dumbass! Doesn't know how to cook!
Our network is currently undergoing mitigating a major DDOS attack, with extremely heavy load on all nodes. The joke is not funny.
ASAP like Rocky
God i know!!! Hey Cameron can you— NO SORRY MY GRANDMA IS WATCHING.
Look who is on twitter! hahaha what's up man
El golf wang
#Bears RT : Eight teams have five prime-time games: Broncos, Steelers, Chargers, Bears, Packers, Giants, Eagles, 49ers.
Ok ok, you bring with you, and we can ball at Chesapeake, then we play a mile away at the performance lab. ;-)
Good nigt sleep z and M
American flags made in china... Its just wrong
hey what's up how ya been
Great #win yesterday by the #Seahawks! We can still make the #playoffs!! Who's ready to hit that #HappyHour with #Bartab?
Lollapalooza Just Announced Red-Hot Lineup for 2012 Music Festival
give me five dollars.
happy birthday to the most beautiful woman in the world hope u enjoy it
Bike Trip with Yoya | $10 | Doors 8PM| Buy your ticket ASAP! |
Rockies need some kind of mojo on the road, they seem not to be able to let the Bats go Wild....Let's beat those Mets Tommorrow.
Brainstorming session at "Building Cities through Social Media". Each group coming up with 3 BIG ideas!
#ImThatPersonWho thanks my haters for pushing me to be who i am today.
I have a few thoughts on that. I'm thinking of doing a Google+ hangout for more Q&A. Interested?
Don't lose yourself, trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you
country music artist
I really wish The Critic came back. Had the theme song stuck in my head all day
Our thoughts go out to all our neighbors that were involved in the fires this week.
& - We hope 2 C U both at our Shoot To Cure HD Event @ Chargers Park on June 3 at 6pm. ;)
I feel better now lol
Messed around and stepped on my sunglasses...broke them...just copped a new pair...
. Oatmeal made with coffee? That sounds interesting... is it good?
I was just quizzed about my knowledge of hockey by the HVAC man... highlight of my day, sadly. ;)
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Only one more day to save during our Friends & Family 15% off event! Have a great and glamorous weekend
I hear that. Well, at least you can start planning the summer ;)
You stay classy, redneck in Target yelling across several aisles to ask his wife what kind of tampons work best for her.
One of my great disappointments in Avengers was it felt weird that Banner was all hanging in Tony's car at the end. Pretty un-Banner-like.
May or may not have injured myself at the gym today...Guess its time to stop training at 90%+ 1RM for a while
nope. Haha. It was probably something stupid
Each tweet lovingly handcrafted by a Huguenot artisan.
Rumors spread faster then wildfires...... rumors=NotTrue
As an added #bonus, Dance can help keep the body young!
Your getting me addicted to youtube and all this music and groups that are awesome ! And I have HW :'(
I love my babies
raw fruit balls look crazy good. Can you adopt me please so I can eat at your house
my mom & I walked from publix to the STARBUCKS on Old Cutler & 168 th
m, maybe you can use all this research for your future dissertation on the anthropology of crazy New York housewives! Haha!
not to mention you won't get that $6000 laptop
“: If you search "askew" in google search, the page will tilt slightly clockwise. (Try it)” this shit mad true doe
PLEASE wish a happy 17th bday! It would make her life!
National Restaurant Association Show TODAY! :)
We hope you all had a great Thanksgiving weekend!
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo. - Mary Pickford
RT : When one of the all-time greats #JoeHammond tells you your jumpshot is #pure ...what can u say?
congrats! I waited til the last one right before I graduated! Haha
Thanks! Bypass works on any phone w/ internet access. Go to www.bypasslane.com to register for your free account!
Me and are having quite the hard time on our diets..
Ah is in the chicago airport... and I live 5 mins away from an airport :( just need to know which one she's at.
It's either Greinke or Hamilton. I'd prefer Greinke; too many issues, on and off the field, for Hamilton.
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC! Tell us in a tweet: why does the Alice Austen House matter to you?
We have the power to create change!
69 followers!!!! THANK YOU!! You all are the best!! :)
The day is not over and I wish to extend a HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the MOTHERS throughout the world. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
I LOVE PARRY SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!!!!
Final day at work. I'm oddly euphoric and excited about finding my next gig
When ur young you can't wait to become grown. When u grow up u wish u were kid again.
aw, you had to know there would be some controversy in Florida. Absentee ballots up in the air...
lets go to cancun. just me and you.
About a half an hour until they bowl in SEATTLE with the CAIR Project and in HOUSTON with !!
Craving sushi and no one is free to eat with me. :(
I have been taking classes and doing workshops. Where is a good place to do them besides actor key and sag foundation?
Tell me a lie<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Dear cold temperatures, please do feel free to go get bent.
Shpongle eoto dancing smiles more dancing... Oh life is good
"Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge." (Leonardo da Vinci)
5$ho thanks fam. I checked it out nice tracks lets wrk.
I would be too!!! That's horrible!
Last day in Green Bay. Shopping and getting dinner with my mom. :)
It takes more than just a good looking body
Nope, I was cooking my oven. Seemed like a good idea at the time...
I really need to buy a shaver that gets really close because the shave I have now is not to my expectations
You know what? Forget the room extention #, they don't help. Just go to www.shindigtarot.com/directory/abracadabra
I am friends w/couple in AZ trying to adopt a baby & having no luck. A baby would be blessed to have them for parents Plz pray for them.
what a nice teammate! Looking forward to 2012 season. See you in NY 4/13
more likely is that I will just use all of them and eat excessive amounts of fast food!
i'm boutta DM you bout somethin right quick bro.
You're not the only one! All of the #FLAPanthers crowd hasn't in a long time. Kudos to them. Color me impressed!
probability isnt always accurate specially in life. sometimes even if the chances of something happening are in your favor
MUSIC = WIND. You can`t see it but you`re touched when you listen
I just said something super forward lol see his current status and my comment. hah.
Great, a wonderful video of a goaltender daydreaming. I'd rather watch a fly die on someone's face. #who cares
Basically. RT": Listening to skip bayless makes you lose brain cells."
we love a good mystery!
A nigga wit money is just that. "A nigga wit money". funds dnt teach manners or morals. or how 2 give bac 2 those who help u out
no surprise there!
Happy Sunday!!!
at the expense of disrespecting our own people,and unfortunately,most of us are killed by us
i Want more of my mothermonster!!!!
playoffs baby. When it counts.
Oh I forgot, our TGIFs were very different: Perfect Strangers, Full House, Mr. Belvedere, Just the 10 of Us, Family Matters, etc
Sigh. It never stops.
so good!
Football season is almost upon us. Crystal Clear Pools supports the longhorns to victory this season
follow me
thanks for the RT. Marine life needs our help. Animals and children can't protect themselves. Pls peeps we need u.
“Never forget yesterday, but always live for today, because you never know what tomorrow can bring, or what it can take away
Screw you Peyton.
Thanks 4 the #FF mentions Have a gr8 weekend!
next week is the season finale. I wonder how it ends. I didn't like this season too much.
Hha. Thank you Jordan! You always make me laugh!(: haha.
My coochie said hi.......
it was the getting back up after falling...I'm not sure if it was pre order.
so true.
I love Drose, but he shouldn't even have been playing. So unhealthy, healthy body parts bear all weight and stress. This was bound to happen
Thanks for the mention!
I am so excited!!! The prize is pride!!!
I should probably listen to dreamchasers II
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Nothing more beautiful than chasing a dream and laughing at the opposition.
It's hard to look cool on Muni while your earbuds are blaring "Call Me Maybe."
On a train from AC to Philly then flying to Denver in time to register for day 1A of HPT Colorado tonight at 6.
i already wanna go tanning again uh
Never imagined I would someday find myself sitting outside the vet's office with a container of mutt pee in a bag.
You got the swag sauce you drippin swagu unh
Can't believe im going to school with one eye looking like a reproductive organ
Was just swept off my feet. Literally. We're breaking out the fancy steps...
RT : I need help with Word. How do I get the Level 2 table of contents entries NOT to show a page number? TIA.
This "I Love Lucy" ab Ricky being neglected bc Lucy is pregnant & the doc telling her to make him feel like the center of attn is bullshit.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
NIH has 180 patient beds for medical trials. Specialist collaboration from all over the world.
LETS GO CANES. Canes recover onside kick. On next play, QB Stephen Morris to T. Benjamin for Long TD. UVA 24 UM 19 4th (4:39)
has ambivalent feelings for the backroom's physical form. There's hope in respect to ease of movement and work flow, but it is U-G-L-Y!!!
Don't settle for less.. u don't need shows to blow up. Market self right and you'll get the calls and paypa wit it
Based on my interest in the teen comedy Project X, Netflix suggests I might also like the controversial German gay film Taxi Zum Klo!
Joe AND I will be at KDWB 101.3 radio station in Minneapolis, MN tomorrow. Come hang out, maybe even meet him!
#mahopac bound for the weekk. hope some skels come outta their coma's
Haircut! Fuckin legit.
Also phenomenal how quickly the idiot Punch and Judy show can raise the curtain in the comments section.
TheatreSports Team meets tonight at 7pm, our place. We'll bring the chairs, you bring the energy. Okay, fine. We'll bring some energy, too.
Show tonight at Grace College in indiana
Orlando! RT There's only one NBA city where the OKC Thunder haven't won since the franchise relocated in 2008
This day was made for motorcycle rides. Amazing!
My amazing BF got me all the Hopelessly Devoted to You samplers for Christmas.
barf I hope so!
a rowdy teenage girl loudly stood up for me in a dunkin donuts. Her name was Taija and she was not ok with some guy cutting in front of me.
going on a feildtrip to a beach with my class... tidepooling, id so much rather be laying out with a few beeahs
Just FOUND THEM!
And we are live with Game 2 of on SL TV and across the state with Comcast Indiana 81 ... Tune in and tweet us too!
I never knew twitter followings could be such a source for competition.
Please look for Berry Horny, our super tasty summer ale. We reformulated it and we want to know what you think of the new recipe.
RT : The "acting" in a Cinemax a porn is HILARIOUS. So True.........
Cool your jets with the referral campaign. Everybody I know already uses your service. Do you want my pets to sign up?
better than bdubs!!
Hey if you're in Atlanta...I'm on Good Day Atlanta tomorrow morning on the 8-9am hour talking about my book.
Chameleon Productions Presents Love Stinks. Dante's in the U-District, Seattle. $5 cover 21+. $3 Wells. Get your asses there bitches!!!
... Your heart full of joy, For today arrived a Baby Boy, Gods own Son, Was born this morn!
LOL So are you Kristen!! Thank you!!
Really hope gets that #BestNewArtist Grammy ain't no one on that nomination list that deserves it more in my opinion
I'll get my protein the old fashioned way, thank you very much!
I know & I'm so mad at directions cause they are hating on BTR when it's BTRs tour
Thanks! Feel free to email us any events or specials that you would like to see in SFA!
That is like a super hero story Well played. Congrats. Good luck and be sure to reach out. When do you depart?
the official due date strikes in 18 days. So, I am basically a ticking time bomb.
hahahh call me!
reaffirming my belief that you are in fact awesome!
I want chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and a strawberry on top m :)
is lame. $550 for jack shit #fact and he can't afford to pay it back.
Downtown with my beaners tonight >>
Where do you find the most "news"? Facebook, Twitter, or other? Let us know!
A LITTLE too cold for me in New York!
#OTGTIPS YOU NEVER KNOW WHO YOUR AROUND, ACT LIKE YOU GOT SOME SENSE!
how yo u gonna follow me on twitter and not talk to me on facebook
The Band Perry with a Glen Campbell tribute. Who's wearing the country hoola skirt in the band?
If you're going through hell keep going. What idiot would wanna stay there?
Lucky! Crazy! Both?
Join us for 13th Annual Maui Chinese New Year on Saturday, January 28 from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Great food, crafts, and the lion dance, too!
#fcat 2morrow i didnteven study oh well ill study in the morning hope all of u do great c;
Ryan Miller, Director of Campus Life at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, IL
Hopefully will start developing my personal website over this winter break!
Want to keep your teeth white as possible? Use a straw. It helps drinks bypass the teeth and gums lessening the chances of staining.
There's a bomb threat at school today.... Welp. I hope we don't die.
he's a 10
- who won?
“ This is that bad attitude weather”
Hair. Off. Freedom!!!
I give you, the Griswold family Christmas tree. Lotta sap in here! Looks great. Little full... Lotta sap.
todays my birthday. Can you please wish me a happy birthday?
If they allow nudity on TV, we will be like Europe
I know that one! It's the one fancy offices have. I would love it but the coffee has to be a fortune! You choose a flavor...
watching the boondocks in class >>>>>>>>>
Attacking a lengthy #todo list today. Here's to self-driven productivity!
No ine is up....time to call clitoris girl!
Apparently my "mesmerizing" handwriting and perfect grammar gives people reason to believe that I am a robot.
"This is a complex problem," said weed scientist David Shaw in remarks to a national "summit" of weed experts in Washington
RT : classes have been busy busy. Thank you for this terrible weather!!!!---No prob..it's what we do. ha ha! happy spinning 2day ;o)
Legs & Glutes are feeling the wrath of my will 2nite...OUCHIE!!!!
Pizza or not pizza...I can't decide.
i HAVENT WENT ANYWHERE.. LAYING THE ROAD MAP FOR MY COME BACK.....KEEP YA'LL UPDATED
Ok, let's try this. Let's keep our runs separate, on the path, screw the treadmill And let's keep our studies, tweet free :)
Hehe well enjoy your dinner ;) I'll start to study & you definitely are ;) & awh it looks awesome though! You're amazing xo
“: ewwwwwwww what taste! Lol”<< sane thing I wanna know lol
Bass Trombone is not at all something you want me to do Chip. More power to the people that do though . .
Lost respect for Chris Peterson for selfishly voting TCU 18th on his ballot. If TCU is 18th then Boise ST can be no better than 19th.
just coincidence... :)
Look here 'cause we missing 2 rabbits and I'm fixin' to find out who took 'em!
CES unveiled was a blast! Lifestyle Connect is now official...
This makes me especially miss you
Unpacked my bag: I have to get my Sharp jersey dry cleaned AGAIN!!
it's a Chevy I believe
Mike Ditka just said the phrase, "Giving the city of Detroit a bad name."
Processing the #tedxcbus post-event to do list. It isn't over quite yet! Big thanks to for a great partnership.
my son worked event last week for couple wife has 1yr 2live-cancer husband threw elaborate wedding for her-gave her everything!
hurry it up.
3) Do you need a ride to the polls? Call 410-338-4036.
Seems legit
Working waiting on Monday Nite Football. Follow us
She was amazing in The Help - so deserving. Im bummed that 50/50 wasn't nominated. That was personally one of my faves.
the Art of Waiting is making me very sleepy. Don't know what to do with myself.
Thank you <3
"I'm not a native Detroit-tian..." from a caller. Really? Detroit-tian. Really?
Or wat? Cuz...I dnt wanna tell u tha whole story but everyone hates me now cuz of wat I did -____- x(
clippers won!
You are what you Tweet!
Meeting in newsroom right now about potential changes to our coverage. What kind of stories do you want to see in local news?
i'm trying to get my iphone case but it keeps on saying that my credit card information is not authorized .____________.
“: About time to head over to club rio. & rockin it on ” Going all out for our city tonight!
true. I just want there to be opportunity for retail, services, and restaurants, not only the latter.
sorry haven't been on been moving
baggage ; drama ; no real job ; no relationship skills ; no pipe game : exgirl Issues ; no swag
RT : RT : I would like to meet Dora's parents and ask them why they let that bitch go everywhere.
#signspeopleshouldwear "ima wild koon....don't listen to anything i say!"
"well today it's Michelle"
Every time I wear black tights all I think about is it looks like Minnie Mouse's legs
Just had my first reindeer sausage of the year. It's so sunny downtown, even M.A. was in a good mood.
[insert random tweet]
Food trucks at our holiday event in December, coming back for a big event in March. Huge success!
So sad...I love this show, and glad it returning for a Season 6!
Congrats to Ken Hedrick & Ryan Butler (Tulsa office) who both co-brokered a Tractor Supply in Indiana this week!
what to do what to do hum
a Samsung phone from Verizon. It's not an internet phone though, I would never.
need to tweet more.
Got MW3 @ 5PM Today and been playing for 6 Hours Straight
Quote of the day: "We make a living by what we get. But we make a life by what we give." - Winston Churchill
My LulSistah Replace Me Wit My OldFrewd! #.Tragic :(
Akinade: e-book completely unheard-of, strange idea in Africa.
Sparks Restaurant in Bryn Mawr it is brand new and I hear good things!!
Back to LA and excited to gear up for our finishing funds campaign for Gold Stars. I'm so proud of this film!
My Valentine is in australia. No flowers, or shit to walk around with all day.
Good for you. Me too; although some days are more fun than others.
you don't need the lottery, your music is your ticket.
me and Ty were texting about about it and we said you too don't get you panties in a bunch. We should do it though
Thanks! So glad to be here!
Thanks. Am surveying a different group as well to see if standards vary.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the best grandma in the world.. my 2nd parent!!! 86 and still standing strong!!!
Headed to a wedding. Hope they don't mind me showing up in a Rangers jersey and flip flops!
What if food turned into muscle instead of fat?
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS +14 on menu... $2 off all craft cocktails Smitty's in bar
I just saw a tweet that Carlos Fuentes is dead, but can't find any news items that corroborate. Anyone have a link?
4 months till I can go to my ccw class. Gonna be able to carry legally. Yeah boy hollow points
great i cant log into tumblr -_-
In the next hour, retweet #8x10designs.com and pay only $250 for a full website! Times running out
I do not have any leads...I'd say call Allison :)
I know. Didn't mean to imply that, and really learned a lot from reading it.
Main goal for today: Watch #BiggestLoser without snacking for two straight hours. It really shouldn't be that hard!
Thank you!
The nostrils, cheeks, and chin. They can also develop on the chest, neck, abdomen, back and legs .keloidsurvey.com
I'm excited. I get 27 points a day, and this morning for breakfast, I used 4.
Do away with Dry, and Itchy Skin!!! Invest in a Humidifier.
The results are not up. We are hoping to post the winners once all of them have been notified. =)
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Thanks girl!!!
Great meeting you tonight at the DVD premiere and dinner. Driver has to pick up this pace...we have at least 800 in line
Every piece of sh-t every man has to eat every day of his life is personal. They call it business. OK. But it’s personal as hell.
My brain is swelling in this advanced social media course. So many ideas, so little time.
assholes means assholes. dogs means horny. I WIN
9/11 Tribute Custom and Micro Beds are up now! Check it out on #productionvault!
no u don't liar lol but one fluttering and the other watching me tweet and pootin on my damn pillow
Lonely drive to Tulsa! Merr
I'm sure my blood pressure goes up every time I watch The Bulls and The Heat play.
yes it was!!! We need more of that!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 94
Bad day to go to the beach...
Off to one of my favorite events Live In the Vineyard!
I've done it maybe twice in my life.
We added an exta fundraiser that did really well.
With the way he's pushing Verona's Andrew Argall, the heavy favorite in their No. 2 singles titles match, Luskin may have earned the right.
If Tebow can win games in Denver. Manning can win a Superbowl. Wow huge deal and a perfect fit
so now the government can tell us who to marry......when does it end? land of the free only for straight white men. yep that sounds right.
Rookie draft sleeper: Dane Sanzenbacher...a smart, tough WR might find a role in Martz's offense
Cupcake lovers! Be sure to come and check out our spooky flavors all next week!! Boo-nana, cookies n scream, and many more festive flavors!
Mid afternoon dance party, who's invited...me, who's all coming...me.
Complete Locksmith lock and key Service inIndianapolis - Residential, Commercial and Automobile
oh ok, well hey imma go to bed, goodnight, ttyl, peace out
If my husband takes pictures of me giving birth I will proceed to punch him in the face
oh yeah baby, I'll have a mojito just for you tonight ;-) woo-saaaaaa!
glad to see you on board on #ArtsTechSF's meetup page! "Bi-coastal" was the word of Wednesday evening.
yea but without women jimmy lil ass wouldn't be runnin around the house lmao
Starting Monday submit your guesses as to how you think will do. The person closest to his actual score will win a prize.
TONIGHT @ THE MINT LOUNGE "DONT KILL ME WITH IT" SPRING BREAK EDITION W? ON THE 1'S & 2'S DONT MISS THIS MOVIE
and not just political conference calls either.
I think she works at Fremulon with RT : You know who could really use Sarah Phillips? Entertainment 720...
and I love books on war! I know chick lit is huge, I wonder what the male equivalent is...
I've never been happier that Evan Woodington's not on Twitter.
#HighSchoolMemories I had to clean around the campus for leaving the gate to get something to eat. I was hungry. Didn't clean sh** doe.
"Your niece naked is fucking awesome."
Bch deliveries on the lake? Dont have to move!
Just picked up my press pass for Photo Expo. Check in on www.blog.stellakramer.com starting tomorrow for our updates LIVE from the Javits!
our pleasure! congrats! #runnerds RT : More thanks for support around Sunday's marathon!
May Day grafitti on the Steele Bridge thanks to protestors
Funny RT : see ya Clair....never trust a lesbian convict.
So true. : I'm so critical of myself that I honestly forgot that I'm great
Dead ants found in cookie-eating girl's ears
they all cracked up when my boss asked about their English skills and he explained that French people never can understand him
Just got the new miss may I single...dope
Having a bad night
check out www.bubbabrain.com for smartboard review games for the classroom
& Wsj biz ed Tom Enwright“: Besides Rob, most famous Wisconsin Rapids resident = Dick Trickle.”
How can you tell if a monster has a glass eye?When it comes out in conversation.
nice manners! Followed! : )
Ah, I see. The Corona case was all the news when I was there in February. Sounds like it still is. Been going since December right?
Hope you found the workshop useful, Liz!
simply o simply o simply o
that makes me feel better ha! But really not too big of a deal right?
There really should be a tracking system for buses, I'm f'ing freezing and have been waiting for 25 minutes for a bus.
hell yeah nigga
Time for me to run for political office. I am sick of tea-partiers and their stupidity. I am sick of libretarians, democrats and greens
Heading to the conference? Visit the program at booth 1832!
Jordan to the rescue!
haha, ditto over here! 5 cherries....does that give you a clue ; )
Good Luck!!! :D
Sweet, intimate worship this morn with the 'Called Out' students...and powerful words about waiting on the Lord from
Have a safe and happy Spring Break Blue Hens! Bring us back some souvenirs.
hay how r u
haha oh no!!!! I really don't care for the old laptop. I want a new one.
I could go for some Cafe Con Leche right about now!
it's Ay Chihuahua!
RT!! “: Phase 2 of the #MSGTransformation can wait!! Next up: the #Devils. #LetsGoRangers”
Here was our best answer from today's question! RT :Andy cuz its awesome when he headbangs and flips it haha
Essay ready to go now I can just chill for the rest of the weekend :)
No better way to take from bachelorette to bride than with a Burlesque lesson! Let's shimmy, twirl, & pop ladies.
OMGOMGOMGOMG. BRIANNA!! Are you pinching her back to make her smile bigger so that I'll be even sadder?
"Your mothers expendable." Love Howard Stern!
you and my sis has the same spelling name but not the same age.
New handle alert! Did you notice the change in our name? Instead of mentioning us , now tweet at us with the handle
If you down with d #KushCampers RT
Having a glass of whiskey for you right now. Cheers!
Reds pissing me off again!
Our flavors at our Harvard Sq location: Lavender-Honey & Nutella! Come and get it!
You're welcome.
RT : #ScaleConf has been exceptionally excellent. Thanks enormously to and (I concur!)
I want to get a paintball gun and shoot the bike riding idiots who don't know how to bike and act stupid
RT : Every #solopreneur should listen to 's 5 Critical Tests Women Face in 1st Year of Self-Employment...
Getting ready to interview in the Cricket Muve Music lounge! follow Chris and
Hanging out with him today <3 :D
haha the HT is following me too and I never actually lived there. No clue how they found me.
So I just saw this tweet...smmfh RT : Detroit playing...aye IT'S SO COLD IN THE D :)!!!!... LMFAOOOOOO
Freakin Tired! its a Jungle out there......
Why so hawttt?(:
just saw on cnn that arnold and maria are splitting up. weird and sad.
...I accept your challenge of rebellion.
RIP Ryan. You will be missed.
my 24 yo friend committed suicide. We didn't see it coming. We were all blindsided
I guess, but he had fun doing it, even if his good cooking did make me fat in the first couple years we were together.
Like is it the real thing , or is it jus a one night stand! my jam :)
red wine
What's good Atlanta? It's to nice out to be inside let do something!
“: Shortest horror story ever: No nutella left D:” lol I instantly thought of
From Piano Blu: As of Sunday, May 13, 2012, Piano Blu is now CLOSED. We truly want to thank you all for our seven plus years of......
dint sell the ipod yet ima brong the money 2morrow
The fact of the matter is, (as a matter of fact,) facts do matter.
yo point is
I didn't know there was an 18th Street dog park! :-o
I am looking for talented call center professionals. Contact me ASAP if we have worked together previously (Brooklyn & Union, NJ locations)
Now you wanna talk science? Good lord, woman! Pour yourself a drink and watch the Golden Globes. I'm signing off now.
This is so good!
exactly tho a true women wont look for a man to save the day, shell b a bad bitch and do it herself. Shell juss want a PIC
If followed me that would make her so cool and me too.
Passionate about eco-style? Or green and organic? Great at engaging people with your writing? Be part of our team. Msg me for more info.
Why is Michael Connelly so addictive? Reading Black Echo.
Anyone want a shoutout? (:
I love you
I would have dominated that.
Absolutely ! Hope you are doing great!
How Do I Know When He's Online?
I still have this new format for the NFL Draft. This 3hr first not is just a big cock tease.
Tune into 750-AM now to hear a hand of blackjack being played w winnings to
At Peter Luger's. Happy 30th Birthday to my beautiful wife, !
you're welcome :)
Since I'll be at MayDay parade tomorrow, I'm spending the next hour on the couch with coffee & guilty pleasure, Vampire Diaries. #Mom'sDay!
Yeah! they be doing some crazy ass shit! i wish i was one of them!
Dinner last night and lunch today at GT Fish & Oyster; the weekend is off to a fantastic start!
For those in fantasy baseball, Brian Fuentes named closer in Oakland, Casey Janssen Jays closer for now...
Thanks for articulating how I feel about my day today.
I'm bout to win my soccer tournament!!.
Tonight is the night I smile, sing, and bounce to the sweet and sexy music of are you ready Wisconsin?
Coupland Dancehall tonight with Jon Wolfe. Get there early, we go on around 9!
Positive Vibes around me...
Please take the NYS Legislatures advice on Assembly Res No. 01206. Declare May Aviation Appreciation Month in NYS!
ONLY DID WHAT I HAD YESTER. WAS HURTING FIERCE ALL DAY..I'LL GET YA BACK..COUNT ON IT..T/F/S..
um.... just siting here anyone want to talk ??:)
I must still be in conference mode, being terribly efficient today. Brunch, laundry, organizing. Now to pack for a week
I looked ahead to the open road, thought about the people and what they know, and wrote a book called "People Don't Know Nothin"
the day of your concert in NYC is my birthday! but omg if you wished me a happy birthday there I'd be so happy :)
You should bring me some Ice Cream though Lbs :-)
So apparently my stepsister might be on
Thanks so much for the RT. Much appreciated!
Watching tv
I'll be out there next week, we should meet up.
Looking forward to a night of fashion, beauty and fun! Our kitchen is gearing up for the #SpringFlash at tomorrow!
I need to calm my happy ass down & breathe
The Secret World Of Arrietty Blu-ray does indeed look absolutely gorgeous. An essential Ghibli Blu-ray to own. Light on supplements though.
Uh super hero in de flesh even et ma worse im de best fo de finish istretch..!!!!
Just wrote a remix/ reimagined type version of Smile,This Song Is About You!
yeah a waste of my brain cells.
There's a drug deal going on behind my house. Kinda scary don't you think.
Once, we had a mouse in our house, and it managed to bite a small hole through the bottom of my backpack and then eat the edges of my che...
she about to be ready. you still wanna come? or no.
Meeting with AFL-CIO yesterday was a success! Another partner against ALEC on August 5th!
All my btc lovely !
Nice crowd to be in. Thank you!!! #FF back to you. :-) Enjoy it.
aha how did u find it today?
If you love me, love me unconditional.
haha yeah I was so confused!!
Thanks for mentioning Martin! You are right about the quick links, we'll make them bigger soon!
33 point game for #OKC over
I lost faith in humanity when they cancelled Arrested Development (while According to Jim got like 8 seasons)
I tried to convince myself God was absent in my life. However when left to explain the miracles in my life, I felt His hand guiding me.
So I'm performing a musical this weekend. It's at Lakeside High School in Atlanta, GA. Wanna come? I'll buy your ticket! :)
I think you are so awesome!! Hugs to you Uncle Russ!!
how's u
Me: I can't do legal research for you. Patron: I'm not asking you to. Just tell me what the law is. Me: THAT IS LEGAL RESEARCH.
Trying to explain to what "stay gold" means...even after the movie!?!...
Choas in the morning everything should go find in the show
Look for the opportunities in the difficulties, not the difficulties in the opportunities. ~Victor Fiorelli
Man my imagination gets the best of me!
Tomorrow going to focus my efforts on finding solutions to some of the ISTV studio's needs.
nah, we'll see you next week! returns for
RT S/O to the bff for running a 2:04 tho! She out there doing her thang!
We're excited working on a new section of the website inspired by summer reading lists: The Reading Room.
Taking the good ol AFOQT, huh? I remember those days.
Hahah, I read this and was like, OMG. Is Rachel pregnant?! But then I read on. (;
ahh...didn't know that. Sounds like you have a problem then :/
I am neither especially clever nor especially gifted. I am only very, very curious. ~ Albert Einstein #quote RT
Game 7 @ the Garden tonight!!!! Go Rangers!!!
Study abroad in the summer? Interested in a scholarship? Click on the link to find out more info! www.iie.org/gilman
Meeting at work today. We started telling stories of where we were on 9/11, and we were actually able to start giggling a little about them!
Hello Nasty is trendin right now. Miss ya can't wait to be reuinited with ya
who's still up....
Ha! Watch you last nothing!
Thanks for the follows!
I love going to nice restaurants with him <3 .... only because the food be popping.
Goodbye Texas. Great seeing some new + familiar faces @ #sxsw. it was baller... Saw some awesome acts
im in the kitchen cookin
Album art concepts and design continue.
Guys can deff be hypocrites sometimes.. It's damn stressful
Out this lame ass school !
AUSTIN! Conference for 2 more days. Might need a HAT too.
lesson learned..lol
toast is more or less the only thing I've eaten for the past two weeks
i'll think about it :)
Top-of-the-Week Tip: Brave the Cold in This Chic Cape Styling Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer their fave f
Next kids book my own love: Mordant's Wish by Valerie Coursen. Reading it at their school for Read Across Amer week. Charming. Fun.
One day Imma write a book..maybe 2 b/c I have a few stories to tell that are pretty interesting:)...
was here !
I imagine the kids picked out some real riveting films. Lol
their just trying to get their shot on mtvs "I got a baby's daddy"
That's so cool! Way to go!
Just got an email offering a discount on a "Titanic tribute cruise." Um, no thanks.
It is indeed! Spread the word :)
oh well, bad terms or ok? I'll invite him along
Dare I drive in wedges?!
Just saw #americanreunion! Nice way to wrap it up!
RT i don't think grief has a half-life I think it is always there, undiminished, and gets covered over by other experiences.
I've been thinking a lot about the kind of person I am, who I was, and want to be lately.. some things need to change.
- awesome! have a great trip! best question for vets from my perspective is, what advice do you have for a person my age?
you suck and are stupid but I love you always!!
Great show this morning performing for school groups visiting us at TSAC! Another one TOMORROW at 11am!
What kind of women would I be
What is the case for not bunting there? There must be one......
I'm going somewhere without having decided to go; that may be the only way I will go anywhere and even possibly find the unexpected.
I worry I won't see your face light up again!
yeah I'm back I'll see ya if you go to sams lol
And now and shall follow , because it is full of storytellers, and story loving folk.
Cheers to the (long) weekend!!!
There are some people I wisH I could bump my head and forget.
Oh no! I'm flying out of o'hare tonight for wedding! Did your flight get canceled because of weather?
Big signing today for the Niners, Ahmad Brooks is a beast.
Im sick my throat hurts pray for me!!
You OK? Heard you got twitter whipped by some Cheerleaders.
RT No less than 10 games potentially featuring #USMNT players in the World Cup conversation tomorrow, should be a great day
I couldn't take being that close to $6k, so upped my #ds106 kickstarter donation by 3$. ;-)
The Podcasts can't happen until I get the sound files from the radio station :(
So full from dinner!! #pho oosh. Need to shower and get back to work!
Why can't I post in DCUO forums? What is forums support email?
2day is the 1st day of the rest of my life.
Back at EWR and heading home
For orders put NX Order in the sub. line along with your order info for general info. or other inquiries put NX Inquiry in the sub. line
Very cool. I think I'm going on the 13th, but I live in Las Vegas, so I hope it does a long run and I can go often.
also dogs don't cook, clean or fuck me :/
Good morning!! Its Thursday what's going on in the city?
brilliant, Holmes! Tell me, in what school did you learn to be a detective? Elementary, my dear Watson...elementary
I already started on the first. I want it to be creepy ad then deep. Maybe I should try making it a chain thing
Can you modify playback speed? Re-encode video with 100x the frames, play at 100x speed. :-D
Damn this gym packed today
Working on my '90s-era thriller "The Girl With the Soup Dragons Tattoo."
Little people wanting to ban use of "midget". Said it's like the "N" word. Wrong. It's completely different. A midget can't kick my ass.
The best food in the world tonight, i have a special date at Big Bowl followed by the movie The Lucky One can't wait!
((Positive Vibes)) out to Mumbai after the earthquake!
thanks for a great time and great pizza!
What U.S.A city should FuNkY ProMotions start its first franchise in! Give your suggestions peeps! We are branching out!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> wish I knew you better
yes I'll post a pic!
:( its being raining a lot lately here now
lol thats weird. Must be the taste.
lmao only when you're making money.
2011 was a really great year. Besides many amazing things in my personal life, I had some awesome composing opportunities. Here's to 2012!
fam, we have the hardest time with RISP this season, idk why!
Those shots in the 1948 game have made my day.
you should play"Just In Love" ~Joe Jonas
Welcome to the team Seth Rich!!
Yoda is making so many friends in the city today.
fresh can of COPE long cut. #HAAN!
“: Every time I see a fat chick wearing purple, I automatically think of McDonald's Grimace.”
hate medemerge. if i get swine flu i'm gonna be pissed
Anthony reminds me of Vinny.
: ratmobiles, wiener schnitzel and the no-tech : I worry about this group loose in Milwaukee.
Don't go looking for truth on the internet.
thx hope we can help you in the future with some great hotel deals
Finally got my permit, & my mom let me drive home >:D
Ian Stewart and Reed Johnson homer, Cubs beat Brewers 8-2 to avoid sweep - Washington Post
why would that teacher make me leave when I been there for 45mins -___-
Class hasn't even started, and I can't wait to get out and eat some Whataburger. 4:50 can come faster, please!
Sometimes I just need a hug.
me either like WTF answer back Dan
Who wouldn't want to spend the night in a fantasy suite?
: Darien PL's circing ipads started out totally locked down. Based on patron requests, made them more open.
Every time I watch this is it, I with I could have seen michael Jackson live!
I divide all readers into two classes; those who read to remember and those who read to forget. William Lyon Phelps
I can feel it happening!!! Its a good karma day!!! YAAAY! I love these days!
Lifetime movies always show you a lesson and they ALWAYS involve situations about sex or breast cancer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
One of the Pirates of McKinley Lagoon just seized the 69th team spot! Who will take team #70?
You "cooled down" with ANOTHER run? Hard. Core. :)
How can weather reports say it "feels like 8 degrees"?Do they have someone stand outside and estimate what # they think it is?
I don't ever see any of ur tweets on twitter!!
It's not #FF but please check out our friend and please #follow!
It's almost 2 oclock, chea! How will I spend tmrw's off day.....hm???
Follow Me Plz? (:
I wish would stop stealing all my #sxsw tweets before I can tweet them. I'm just going to RT him all day.
Thanks Kelly! Not SF yet. Couldn't find anything, and Sabrina's thing fell thru. Hoping to try again soon though!
Groupon's first-quarter profit brings back some credibility
About to watch the girl with the dragon tattoo
Standing ovation of 800 people in tribute of Sen Byrd.
Problem: 1 Hungry. Problem 2: Lazy.
bombers eating a fabulisous chicken sandwich. Yes more yes yummy
Dreams are fulfilled only through action, not through endless planning to take action. -D.Schwartz
Michael J Fox on Regis and Kelly RIGHT NOW!
GO FOR IT.
I still need to find film for this throwback 90' Poloroids i got for a steal.I always wanted one but now its collecting dust.
so far so good!
Marcum worries: "how many digital special collections we've already lost"; scholars build resources abandoned after book pub.
We still have some great clothes in out 70% off sale! Come to the store and check it out!
Are any other organizations excited about March Madness? Or is just the
So Nebraska's coach thinks altitude only affects people when they're outside. Genius!
srsly tho I want the British D too so share the wealth.
I did not know they made black almish ppl!!!
Ah, the joys of conference planning. What fun would a day be without some type of crisis to deal with?
Goin for a run at midnight.. Hope I don't get shot<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
fuk the feds im tryna drown in dough
Teachers are so disrespectful , fuck that ! Ill be damned if i get disrespected adult or not #YEANIGGAIKNOW badass
Thanks so much for the mention!
Thank you Twitter, for being my new distraction. My eyes were hurting from all the "amazingness" at the other site.
what is?
was the French toast a one time thing?
doesn't help when you hit a guy batting .065 leadoff
happy bday Madonna, yes she is the best!
Reading David Hackett Fischer's Champlain. Up to Henry IV chapter. Just finished the St. Bartholemew's Day Massacre.
Excited for the walk tomorrow in San Diego. We raised $350, so grateful for generous friends and family! Hope it doesn't rain.
hey man i'm doing very good thanks. How are you? Lets work together again!
Vision is not enough, it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps. We must step up the stairs.....
great meeting you last weekend. Let's def keep in touch!
Sometimes the only sane answer to an insane world is insanity. - The X-Files
Did you ever get us tickets to a pirate game.?
Could you light a cigarette?
Playin Resident Evil goin to watch Kurt & Courtney!
All I do is miss you, and they way we used to be.
True that! RT #womencantresist a man who is intelligent....
So I got these dark navy boxers that look like shorts to take out trash / hang outside like no big deal. But weather is totally ruining it..
I don't figure it out until I was like 11
I have so much #LOVE that I want to give and express with that one Women but seems like I can't give it to her. Your Promoter Shocka Shock
Haha your tweets are too sincere. Thank you for the compliments :)
I'm getting "rugged" today. Check it out at ruggedmamiac.com!
This car is going to make me go crazy...and possibly bankrupt
S/O To My Follower
Steps to prevent the Titanic from sinking: 1. Name iPod "The Titanic" 2. Sync said iPod 3. Cancel syncing 4....
I am so not looking forward to that
Sweet find! Thanks :)
THAT'S WHAT I SAID
Grouplove-colours is a great song
hahahahahahahahah! How are you holding up? You are good!
for example, if you've got 3-4-5 coming up in the 8th, wouldn't it be better to use best reliever for biggest threat?
That's true.
just put kaya down to nap, so far she's staying there....crying loudly but staying in bed.....this just might work. =)
I see, thank you!
The best type of stretching is static stretching- a low, continuous stretch. This type of stretch is recommended for stretching exercises.
Hi, Kim! Glad to meet you!
omfg iim sick as a dog
are there projects you have in mind when you say that? I used to kinda be in that world, though a lot has changed since the 90s
Our freaking printer is a piece of crap ! It hasnt worked once on the first try since i've been home for school >.<
"Partnership exceeds any single project" thank you Lethbridge for presentation.
It's April the Heat gotta start picking it up
Looking for Summer Fun for the Kiddos? Here is a great way to have fun, with some education (shh we won't tell!)...
OMG plzz follow me or tweet I love your crew soo much I be giivng you love from Canada
sir yes sir
can you follow for me? still me different account.
U go to the store for a hershy go home with a star burst.!
WHEN YOU MAKE A TWEET JUSTIN BIEBER RELATED AND GET SPAMMED BY EGGS IN YOUR MENTION ABOUT HOW TO GET HIM TO FOLLOW YOU. LIKE NO. SIT.
you got it all cover
New Latin Media Guru Interview with Lance Rios (), founder and CEO of bit.ly/he7MK3
So, I shouldn't bring mine tomorrow? RT Dawkblitz: Saw 3 30 year old douche bottles w/ their gloves on. Why not put the eye black on too
not what i heard . & i dont have rennee fever . I have no fever .
January is almost done already. What's up with that.
what's really awkward is sitting next to your ex boyfriend and his new girlfriend during service.
I wud have left megan pretty ass on the curb cant stand a bougie broad money are most chicks motivation followed by looks/sex
Just watched Think Like A Man yesterday. Funniest movie I've seen in a while
Jake really is going in the Army?
aw :/ no they are touring in 2013 in the states next year though! And 2014. So please don't give up hope! :) so are BTR<3
Just scheduled my 15k mile service The miles add up and a year went by to fast.
New Single Pretty Straight!!
I love grapes
My one year old has started hating baths evidenced by her screaming the entire time. Any advice?
Appreciate the info !
Also look through YouTube; there are some great videos on SQL there. Let's see if I can find one…
a flat what now ? haha
Today turned out to be a very good day :)
I'll be sure to invite the kiddies at McDonald's as well.
I think I have a fear of nuns. I'll blame
In the emergency room with my lil diva
little fake bitches prancing around.. um no
still on the phone c:
"i cant have the music that loud right now, im too full.
thanks for the mention at the conf today, be passionate!
I swear, if #teamXtina wins tonight, I'm gonna be beyond pissed. They were NOT professional last night and lost all respect from me.
Best BBQ in Austin - Franklin BBQ East 11th.
only brilliant if they also include #pitusa and Call Me Maybe.
~I Can Noo Longer Worry About Wut U Doin N Who U Screwin Im On My WorkaHolic Shyt...#NoDayzOff..!
MT : A2 If I ever make it to Mitchell, SD, I'll be eating at the Depot b/c I heard of it via here
Stephen Bell references Kindle project with university textbooks at and Princeton- students gave it a thumbs down.
sweet let me know what you think of the new material!
BRUTUS: "Get you to bed again; it is not day. Is not to-morrow, boy, the ides of March?" (cc: )
her lil punk as self,love struck punk bitch ass dat im not FAT she not skinny her dam self nd she NEVER wil be too so STFU.!!
Wearing RED tomorrow on Equal Pay Day to symbolize how far women and minorities are "in the red" with their pay! www.pay-equity.org
Come on man...respect the process!
Religulous back on instant Netflix. #thereisaGod bill maher/silver fox
It's Not Fun Until The Ref Pulls Out A Red Card
I wish I could make YES into a bigger font
I've been saying it all year. One day will be a high draft pick for the NFL.
nothing to worry about. Like I said completely normal for 20 year olds to look at that kind of stuff.
Seriously?! Some people are jerks...
Somebody had to go..
RT : Are you ready for the Black Friday sale? We're talking rooms for $25 starting at 6am on 11/27!
Nothing ever starts in a state of completion.
I'm sorry been busy latly! D:
wow. she said yes... wasnt expecting that..
We got Johnny Wynn behind the controls and Jerome Bronson doing some instrumental
my body feels 60 not 31
thanks for the follow! :)
The bummer of an afternoon I was having is quickly turning around with the reappearance of sunshine. And music.
Tonight's dinner was brought to you by the incompetence of National Grid and the Halloween Nor'easter. Also known as: canned goods.
we're all bottomless.
This is a rollercoaster of a sports weekend. So many emotions.
HAving fun in ft Lauderdale
Never make eye contact when eating a banana.
Thanks for the mention, Rhonda!
I'm already mentally there lol
Dave Holland, "Critical Mass", The Leak.
she's wearing pearls?
hey u ever thought about flying . and how far you can go !
different world no doubt. This was very cool.
I think im scared of what the future holds
Derek: if u dont cut my arm off im going to cut your head off ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
MetroPCS begins data throttling for select plans
yam family
The inaugural #semtechbiz Berlin hasn't even officially started yet, but I've already had so many excellent conversations with (cont…
Nothing hurts more than not being able to trust someone you love and being stabbed in the back...
No1 txt mi or call mi bc my phone is done for good!!
First time having Dairy Queen. Mad good
What team do you want to win the #SuperBowl ??
parking garages creep me out a little bit...
Back from tour, back to work, practice tonight, gonna shake off the shit from this week.
Watching 16 and pregnant.. Actually one good kid on here & not another dickhead
Saw the Stahl/Chemosphere houses. Next, Eames/Gamble. Then, the Jetson house for packing & wishing I was moving into one of the former.
I'm so hungry but the kitchen is all the way next to me
“: Lazy sunday”. Math. Study. Finals.
FINALLY REMEMBERED THE PASSWORD! YES
I'm engaged to the love of my life! yayyyyy!!!!
You could have started your mother's day early by picking her up and taking her to the park and having a Mother Daughter/ Mother Son long
Let that nigga be too many niggas know about em and what not just let him fool these idiots! & oh that EP we got it on repeat !
I am for an art that is political-erotical-mystical, that does something other than sit on its ass in a museum. - Claes Oldenburg
Swag car
I never lie!
P.f. changs
why not
Rumor has it that Skullgirls will be making its debut at on tonights BSL stream. Tune in tonight people! 7:30PM PST!
what??? Must click and read now...
Listening to #f8. I hope Zuck doesn't turn out to be the villain people think he is b/c he'll soon have enough power to take over the world.
I'm picking up my drugs at CVS!
Follow for a DM...... can help a little with
Dad will be in town this evening for the weekend. I need to spend some time w/ family- overdue.
Lately everyone's like Hey Jelissa. An I'm like (•_•)....Then I realized I had up my government name on fb...
Thanks for following me...following you too!
Happy birthday love! :)
Lets start a national trend of #prankingDelilah. Any takers? Make sure you get past the screeners w/ something legit then let go crazy. : )
That moment u trip in ur heels during lunch rush hour...
it's a petty drive-by mentality to superficially scan something and trash it from afar...
Got my chip tooth fixed .. i was looking like Fabolous out here haha
No problem
oh and btw: happy birthday, celina. i love and miss you. nov 2003 & july 2004.
Check out this week’s journal on Clinical & Experimental Cardiology for a Trends in the Incidence Rates, Clinical Features, Treatment Pra…
hey little one how iz it going for yeah
and just Wrecked the #Fillmore313. It's 9:30.
Allerent Consulting Inc. We will be rolling out our new "Strategic Sales" product in the next few days. Stay Tuned!
I see that!
Out with my boy :))
Time to hit the gym!
why i am so tired tonight??
number 46 is so true!
Wow, what a day so far, I feel like a short order cook in the busiest restaruant in town. Hustle, hustle...HUSTLE! Anyways, back to work!
golf equipment
Quickest school day of the year so far
The Bell’s Rich Jones testifying now on HB 1075 re: Reinstating 6% limit on General Fund appropriations. We oppose it.
I need somebody to watch Hitch. Who's up on campus?
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships Good looks is for the pleasure of your eyes but inward beauty is what keeps you in love with them.
Ariana not follow me ! how r u?
Howie is so adorable
In need of something good to watch on Netflix instant play. Go.
Anybody want to give me Incubus tickets? No, nobody, really? yeah didn't think so, but it was worth a shot.
doh! Ha, well the weekend is nearly here.
The tattoo artist loves our design! Squee!!!
Interest rates for one-year ARMs exceeded those for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages over the last two weeks for the first time.
shit me too what you bout to get us?
While I'm at it, I'm assuming you are the same Ned from the Atomjack listserv back in the day?
^__^ Anyways, don't be a stranger :)
Just 4 mins for me. #problemslocalshave. But I am missing riding with
my pleasure
no stop that
I'll talk to u what up???
People really sending death threats to ticket master on my TL lmao
Have a Good Morning Everyone.
Mvt. 1 of an Organ Suite commissioned for our church's new pipe organ is shaping up nicely.
Well be posting a video update soon! Special thanks to Christian Gisondi who saved the day for us and will be playing bass at our next show!
Sorry to anyone who has to sit next to me for the next two hours in this class, bar smell.
FINALLY about to sit down to donate plasma, this process is long!!
...and then trip to to see Wozzeck, Griselda, Last Savage and year young artists in audition! Can't wait!
I can't tell u how #HOT its is 2day. Have u ever had that feeling like theres no wind just hotness all around!?!?!?!
I'm Concentrated
LOL this morning I DEFINITELY hated it!
no and follow me on tumblr:)
bruno latour and i have the same birthday
And I just sent that from the wrong account.
where da loud smokers at
I would wear my #LNYHBT Teeshirt in front of the U.S. Capital and get my picture taken for my Twitter icon/avatar and Facebook
Pauli D just said Britney's gonna kill it tonight just like she does on her tour!!!! That mean she's performing?????? :D
I so knew when he started to erase their names on the board that they'd crash. i'm a mind reader, what can i say.
You are welcome! Enjoy.
Mavs game with the best fiancé.
Happy Holidays, everyone at HQ!
watching last week's #MadMen again just because.
My mom doesn't want a mothers day preset she said she rather me wash all the clothes and clean my room! Haha!
John McCain almost president of the USA just boarded MY plane
watching my favorite show #marymary on
At #DevIgnition Code as Data as Code Clojure talk "Programs writing programs" sweet
Tired of trying. Sick of crying, Yea, outside I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying.
follow back
Nomming it up at Macaroni Grill... Italian doesn't get more authentic than this. *crickets*
it would have to be after Wednesday. But yes:)
5.27 laser-timed (bad knees)
“: thanks for the follow love” Dito girlie=)
Paul telling me about his trip to Ireland >
Tweet tweet tweet
baseball never ends between our two families. Justcantgetenough
Maybe they were bought out and upgrading before WSOP?
Back to hockey: What the hell? Marty and King Henry haven't blinked yet?
youll be asked hundered more times
if you say cray again I might slap you
Much thanx to and for developing the #envhist app to help us better connect to our #envhist--past, present, & future.
yes?? What can I do for you?
How far do you drive to and from job every day?
Holy crap! This game is so much fun and is killing me at the same time.
According to bathroom graffiti at a Mississippi gas station, both Sheena Easton and Stacey Q rock.
You change for two reasons, either you learn enough that you want to or you've been hurt enough that you have to.
since girls know what "buttaface" means, i'm just gonna say 'ugly head'
Sometimes, I revert to '90's rap. Tonight, it's "Too Legit to Quit".
I am going to the Labor Notes conference this weekend. They gave me a scholarship that covers travel, hotel & conference fees!
We're accepting nominations for our 40 under 40 Leaders of Today and Tomorrow. Send emails to for more information
no if victoria wrote u in spanish or english lol!!!
I hope today is the day that austin follows. I hope he notice this tweet.
Wolfgang Puck is at Los Angeles Ballet gala w/ his feast, and "Giselle" deserves this high glory. LA has ballet!
Florida/Georgia was amazing, I haven't been sober since Thursday, however now I am regretting it.
RT The weeknd puts me in a good mood.
not gonna lie and Idk if its on your menu anymore.. but I get cravings for that cucumber gimlet :)
Couldn't be happier to have him in my life.. Truly am thankful
why Chloe, he will see this and be slightly scared! I thought he was gay tbh, is he from ex facter? Get skype!!!!
I love this guru right here! > I am voting my ass off! Love her entry!!! she has the best one hands down!
Please is all mine!Thanks and enjoy!
Chelsea v Barcelona will determine whether it will be a great day or not.
#TeamFollowBack #WillFollow everyone back after work
Like horny teenagers in the woods, this is fucking intense. (Get it? Get it?)
commiting from memory, so I don't recall.
Sorry to hear that :( hope it gets better. Best of luck to you and your sons!
You don't have to wait for New Years to create new #goals and #resolutions for yourself. Start today!
I'm not even tryna toot my own horn, but I'm a handsome ass african that you should come check out at the darkroom this Sunday!!
RT : Its your 'imperfections' that are usually your talents & gifts. Embrace them.
Kids running around EVERYWHERE!!!!!
SVU is the show.
Hearing the learner/alumni stories always make me tear up. That is why we do what we do
better stop playing with me
Only in video games.
is packing up a Virginia state stone order for Occoneechee State Park gift shop.
As if tom brady couldn't get any gayer, hes now the spokesperson for UGG's for men!!! Secret homo
fish taco *ME
And alexis is cool, guys. Way cool.
oh...and wolski's...obviously
Wish niggas had a verified symbol in real life.
"I didnt think at all-I just said yes. Thats the sort of thing you do at 21, when the world is young and its challenges all look like gifts"
I hope attendees are familiar with and initiatives have much to offer in the way of leadership
Good Morning!
Tweet Me Numbers & i'll match you with a IB or an 1D member & i'll shuffle a song !
My wife just threatened to stop shaving if I don't shave my "beard". Time to see who gives first I guess. #gameon. Your move
Grunge for life.
I was not squealing! Gay-gasping, maybe. Squealing, no.
Watching Iron Man 2 isn't like having to eat brocolli or something else nasty. Its a fun movie.
"We all need some time to ourselves" . . Ha ! I don't !( : , well maybe sometimes . x ].
I am at the Madison area builders ass. Home Show. Everyone is signing up for a free quote from Weed Man Lawn Care!
Why thank you hillbilly for telling me to have a groovy day
Pauly D is 31. And will get skin cancer at 32.
Watching the #NFL Draft?
can't wait always good seeing you all battle
Deaf to bullshit, Blind to fake shit... My life, I'll be damned if I waste it.
Cant stand a liar!
You need to revise the Character style to "Keep with Next" so it doesn't break apart from the following Parenthetical or Dialogue.
u guys are so wrong! LBJ gets crucified because time and again he passes on big moments. Then when talking he makes excuses
used today to get jenkins-based windows test automation, it works well!
I'm obsessed with vintage needlework. Especially weird stuff.
and I love that you love her so much. I hate James Taylor though. Have fun!
Mickey Hart, of the Grateful Dead, chose 's Music Therapy Dept as a MKE organization whose mission is congruent w/ his vision of MT!
Pablo PicassoNo matter how hard you hug your money, it never hugs back
that sounds naughty
#Kodac is going bankrupt?!..I wanted the polaroid glasses..; (i honestly miss polaroid terribly)
Out-of-town beat writers love to depend on lazy archetypes, saves them a lot of time and energy. Still dumb.
Seeing things pretty clear now... A lot is changing.
I don't know why Bananas in Pajamas wore old man pajamas. They were young, hip bananas with bright futures.
These are some very good headphones
I have some tiny little pepper and tomato plants on the counter. will share:)
You may have afresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down
Fuck it, Im on one.
why have i not seen you since you've moved here?
so excited for #glee tonight!!!!! ;) I want to see how Rachel's audition goes
Please Blog the response letter. :) I'd love to read it!
yes. MT : Okay.... It's time to make a maker space....A professional development studio. A space for unschool...Now. How?”
u better stick 2 it no junk n no 3asha!Shawty said y the hell u gonna get that when u have amazin legs!?She got a point loser
I spilled almond butter on my hoodie. MY ENTIRE WORLD IS CRUMBLING IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE.
Wrote a new Banger last nite wit the crew...truth b told something great is in the makings here...
Waiting for #oomf to tell me how i changed.
#FF We love you (and we love L-Z too, it's a space thing). xoxo!
"Always look on the bright side of life." - #MontyPython <U+E326> #whistling <U+E326>
Who will be at Mark Cuban's A-list party? An Entourage | Super Bowl XLV News - Sports News for Dallas, Texas
The Suns rock go Suns
Well night y'all
One security guard is back... Still nervous.
I was at my cousins baseball game and he hit a homerun then he came to home plate and blew his gf a kiss, preciouss!!!
Waiting for a client is better than them waiting for you.
Blazers Acting GM Chad Buchanan just said team may send mascot "Blaze the Trailcat" to the NBA Draft Lottery. I'm down with that.
Wednesday, I'm kicking your butt today. Get ready!
my bracket = sweet revenge beating in New Orleans in the final game.
Thanks for replying. I'm using the latest online desktop player w/the OnDemand function but it auto loops randomly during the day
Tonight on we talks w/ Ben Paul of then, panel discussion on Prop 19 failure. 6pm PT. www.thisweekin.com
RT : Was worried about identity theft, but the upside is, if someone steals my identity, I will know who to come looking for.
Wish I was on summer break. There would be nothing better than knowing I have nothing to do for 3 months.
Scott Buete and Max Ferdinand are working the Spring Break camp at Du Burns Arena today. Sagu and Mike Deasel are at FISC today.
1231 #amwriting words done for the night, and you didn't even know I was here, did you? Back tomorrow, kids! Off to enjoy some reading :)
Long night, havent gotten any sleep yet
just wanna smack a few people .... ur not worth more than that =]
“: I just wanna go to kennywood” agree
can you give a shout out to our Bengals wishing them luck on their STAAR tests? Thanks!
are me and stayin with u at george town?
Thinking about the impact of C. K Prahalad's work on design and co-creation.
Hard On Ah Nigga Blame It On My Last One!
Some people talk just to hear themselves talk, I talk To make a Valid point
link does not work sir
boo on still at work!
ONLY IF YOUR A TRUE FRIEND
Just when thought I couldn't love him or #TAL anymore, BAM! Amazing live event. #iraglass #thisamericanlife go see it Tuesday!
Mixtape is like Perfect to listen when u Boutta go Beat on a Nigga
when she's sick > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks! We will check it out.
Eat a protein packed breakfast. Digesting protien takes up to seven times more energy.
Sometimes, we wish we could just be paid in books.
hey guys..what are y'all plans for today and GOOD NEWS are whole group made honor roll <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Can't decide if this guy's look on the bus keeps saying to me "Yep you're attractive" or "Jesus are you staring at me again?"
I have homework for every class !!!! :(((
Today Was The 1st day Ive Ever Changed Outside Infront Of Everyone But U Kno What I Dont Care I Mean If Juice Went Everywhere U'd Do It Too
Frostbite tomorrow #excitedd #TERROROVERRISING #sosick i love the GARAGE
Hungover after karaoke awesomeness with and friends. There must be a next time sbny comrades!
Really? Lol like when your friend and his girl wanna go smewere and they invite you tlking about"It's gonna be fun!"
Why not mention the botched call at 1B that could've prolonged the inning? Way to go umpires with your human element.
We had a great family day today. lots of laughs and terrific times.
Random ass lock down while in the hall with Katie and Luis. :o
Good luck, man.
I think I've become obsessed with instagram.
Anyone want to see how bad a company FTD Flowers is? Check out their twitter timeline here: via
Getting sick :/
Today's Feature: Tuna nicoise salad w/ basil seared tuna strips, Truffled vegetables, asparagus tips, fingerling potatoes over mixed greens
Let's do a radio show today about your projects, your vision and your passion. What do you have availabl today to call in?
you beat the dream team?
Is this for real
And that was a waste of time. No good news at work either. Yikes. FML.
“: Lake Geneva, WI for the Mom's Day weekend! Chillin' with a Chilean Carmenere” Aww, my fave place to get away w/fam. Enjoy!
might not be able to make it tomorrow night- how early are you thinking?
DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY U HAVE ,THEN UR BROKE LET ME SHOW U HOW TO GET PAID 5 TO 10,000 A MONTH BUT NOT IF UR LAZY
IPhone 4/4S CASES BUY ONE...GET ONE FREE! Buffalo/Rochester direct message me for details
For now.
": Do you think "I can rap really fast" is something I could put on my resume?" Obviously
Thanks. Loved the shrubs and flowerbeds one. Really fun!
If you think the real deals get done at Davos, you're not a journalist. You've been distracted by Switzerland.
TY RT : I admired ur passage of the huge gavel weeper wanted dont' back dn only 2 yrs till dems save the world
I respect ur opinion, but mine is they shouldn't have marijuana!!! It's easy enough to stay away from it!
Congratulations to The King's Council for putting on an excellent Spring Formal tonight!
Last day to try the Alabamy Sammy- buttermilk biscuit, crispy chicken, sausage gravy, fried egg. One of Dave's absolute, absolute favorites.
u can do it bro stick to it it was hard but i did it u can too.my moms like 56 and she did it some how..
thx for a great interview today. Sorry I couldn't make this trip w/ Jeremy, but I will be in NY for Webby Awards in May.
Spent 2 hours of my workday talking to a crazy person. Super productive.
Deloris - this time they blogged greed, avarice, covetousness, and cupidity
December is traditionally a bad month for writing. It's a month of Mondays. Mondays are not good writing days - Anne Lamott
Of course!:) Thanks for finding me on here! Great meeting you.
RT : The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness. YES! Thank you!!!
I love your imagines!<3
How many times have you been on a plane in your life? 1000+?
How can someone say they love someone if they don't love themselves?
Meandering the estuaries & the uncharted islands of the stream within the continent of my heart, vigilant of both savages and savage beauty
“: Chicago. Thank you.” no, thank YOU.
also teachers ability to manage tools and students to keep track of accounts- luv when google or FB sign in helps
God is good all my college bound players will be college players in the fall. football dream was answered by the head coach <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
a ginger coughed on me at the gym today, you can't catch the disease right?
happy mama means happy baby. Missing you!
what time will it land?
Thank you! Have a wonderful time at college! :)
Let me find some #BewVengers down for the cause lol ... Ive got 15 minutes to kill
Lost 100k in two levels in classic nutzho fashion. Got 32k going into 800/1600.
It's actually Monday now!
$2,000,000,000 price tag for Dodgers package (team, stadium, land). When is the break even date?
Haven't used Twitter in ages. Read "eating animals" by Foer. It was so good. Perfect pre-thanksgiving book
Hey there sweet tits.
Dinner date with at white castle haha #truelove <U+2764>
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! For those who asked, here is the article by PJ Thomas on Qualitative vs quantitative research
KEY TO SUCCESS: Encourage co-workers to connect, collaborate & engage in new collaborative work practices.
yes, I'll be around for a #sxsw meetup!
I'm smart, funny, and good-looking. Of course you miss me.
Hanging out with Adanna & Karin in my day off. Loving this time
welcome to the community. Let us know if you have any questions.
um my friend does
back to backs are great.....
nothing much..wats up with u?
obviously cigarette breath! ....we like coffee breath!
Finally learning and accepting #Evernote. I've resisted this for a while…
“: If bloggers were a color, they'd be gold. Thank your #bloggers for their support, honesty, & love of #books” AMEN xoxo
Looks like the Boston Red Sox has a sexual predator problem just like the Catholic church!
#BelieveItOrNot Quaker Steak & Lube has the Best Wings in the USA.
that wat i said! But he said that some of the girls hv friends who parents r gay.
follow back.
Sometimes I hate to be negative but its LIFE!
Lol.. Immaturity? Check.
totally cool meeting you at the expo with ! Thanks for the chat and photo! Rock it tomorrow runners!
Glad we could help! Thanks for choosing to taxi with us! RT : Flash cab what would i do without you?
Time to train...
#thingsifrownupon Low grade weed,leen that ain't acky or hi tec,hypebeast shoe collectors,bum niggas an bitches,lousy rappers,fake people
Ray Davison brings me such joy and holiday cheer.
I wrote my name in the sand, that means I own it!
When it comes to diversity - look past gender... Culture, religion, perspectives are vastly different -
really? i had no idea :)
i need a real long vaca. ...i also need a serious nap when i get home. work 6-3.
Many complain about their appearance, and no one - on the brain.
gonna go to sleep now. Goodnight my beautiful followers <3
I think it's cus I'm always thinkin
fyi - you don't feel an earthquake when you are driving on the JFX.
I do odd things. It just happens. Not sure why. Then I over think it. I get over it soon enough. Till then....sigh.
Good Luck Cody!!<U+E00E><U+E32B>
Can't wait to watch #entourage final season
just sometimes need easy things... and Smash is a vanilla pudding cup after rehearsal...
i love you UGLY! :) youll be the last to know if i died
Oh yea! 11pm and I just sat down with a nice big bowl of cereal.
he lives with us
Psalm 66:5 Come and see what God has done, his awesome deeds for mankind!
Defense finished laying out history of Butt's mental illness... DA is now refuting....
( YOU DID SO GOOD ON YOUR RAP)
I wanna go driving so bad!!! If only my dad would take me like he says he will :/
Ain't nothing wrong with that.
that was an accidental tweet. i keep subconsciously logging into this old twitter. follow my new one -
Michael....you don't know who you're toiling with, my dear!
Love doesn't fade away it finds a new home. So in other words you can't get over the person you love until you find someone else
can't blame the guys, the O's are ice skating uphill in the AL East. Their only hopes is a salary cap, or a division change.
Going to see play at The Dragonfly tonight!
Thank you for the #FF mentions!
The only part of you I wanna see is your back
"Your kiss a withered rose
Things that make you say hum.......When a family gets gov't help, it's welfare; when a business gets gov't help it's a bailout?
Do your users want hard copies of quick reference guides and books?
Couldn't agree more! RT “A person who has never owned a dog has missed a wonderful part of life.” - Bob Barker
Having an unexpected out makes the uncertainty of the future manageable.
Cause everyone looks like Jesus!! Ha!
really? I didn't know that.
#JulietAnUnPopular only has 24 likes on facebook. We need 30 to see the stats. Are there really not 6 people who will like it for me?!
I find it more annoying when people brag about not drinking or doing drugs than when people brag about doing it. But that's just me
similar to the way refs blew fouls on Wiscy Thursday, taking out in 8 minutes? Give and take! Give and take!
Was your little sister with you tonight?
I hate going to bed aggravated -__- ugh.
Getting ready for a great session on research methods at #AERA2012 some great presenters
yes, but Megan Fox was in a contact dispute, so she was replaced with a Japanese love doll. (same acting ability)
So glad you had an awesome time with your family, what you did over there was so heart touching...you're a BEAUTIFUL soul! Love u
what's fav iPad boom box app? I'm advocate of MusicMine
96% of graduates from private for-profit universities had student loans
none of you know stu the way I know stu, not you, not you, not you!!
That's a keeper!
thanks for following me Jess. Hope all is well with ya! Let's write one soon
Ok people,perspective. What happened in Norway is a tragedy, Amy Winehouse it's just sad.
Wiz brings the whole 'guys in khakis are sexy' to a whole nother level <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
What I heard on the bus: "Stateville is not a brothel." Hahahahahah.
it's a multi purpose card, depending on which game you're playing i guess. kind of like her laptop doubles as a cash register.
She just realized what I was talking about. What other Macy's is there? -.- lol.
Way to go #Blackhawks! Huge overtime win!
why do you hate Catholics?
Birthday LOVE! HOORAY!
Time to change my pro pic, I've had it for like ever,(:
Three putt par your fucking kidding me
I got my man Paul George to win this dunk contest! #LetPGdunk!!!
is rocking my favorite shade of blue. I wonder what the color profile is for that shade? Is it cerulean?
He's one hit away from playing, and if on team last year, fans screaming for him to play. We just created our own Jets mess
Give George Lucas long enough, and he will make the Star Wars movies as good as H.R. Puffenstuff.
one of the best goals ive ever seen
Corey: Zimmerman must appear before a magistrate in Seminole County in the next 24 hours.
So..are you following it or not? (Oh my..I am getting really aggressive here lol )
Wow. Scary stuff right there.
Who knows places that are hiring ??
Yes! We're open on Veteran's Day - serving up our yummy breakfast from 8am - 2:45. $5 Bloody Marys & Mimosas...plus 22 local beers on tap!
Last Wed in April is International Guide Dog Day giving thanks to the services Guide Dogs provide to people who are blind...
Honestly, Justin's first tweet was like. "New to twitter but anyways buy my single One Time on myspace *link goes here* " LMAO
Thanks team for searching for the digital marketing definition, even if it does masquerade as activation marketing!
me. tomorrow. At the airport and on a plane. I am asking for a blanket.
You go, girls! RT : The ever amazing will match the first $500 in donations for & !...
Fun Dip! You are bringing back great mem'ries!
that's what I thought. :(
Yes... put your phone down and get to it! Be safe, Chris!
yo like my new name and check out my new youtube
Unlike everyone else in your life, waffles never judge you.
Support our friends!
come 2 miami and visit !
I'm ready for some Hawaii. Away we go!
Folks, Champions for Children''s tonight. Who is going? We'll have updates and more. Also follow #CFC. /
Thanks Tyler!
I'm addicted to #twitter updates!
Hey Said same about Wilson when first saw him in #Badgers drills. Release is high, quick. At 5-11, every little bit helps.
Happy birthday !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Glad you survived, dude. Get that gas during the daylight next time!
That's great to hear! Sorry we could not be there to check you out! We'll be in PGH this Saturday, w/2 NYC singers. Come!
We have changed our delivery rates!! We now charge only $3 flat rate for all orders!!! Retweet this to help out the Munchie Express!!
Recording, Playing, Shedding, Booking, Radio Show, Teaching, Repeat...
Hi cutie ;)
Tell me what you think of my new theme, Got it today. www.thepropertylover.com tweet me your opinion
so... i sould prolly change my team name this mornin... : \
even if i did have money i still wouldnt go wtf lol
OK, it seems to have worked. It recognized my Amazon purchase. Sorry for the trouble, I think the linking to the different types of..
Hard to believe the iPad only came out 2 yrs ago.
Democrats rally, change jacksonville, Don't be fooled by lies.
Matinee show TODAY at 2pm at Broadway Comedy Club - 318 West 53rd St. Last public show for a couple of weeks. Happy New Year to all!
Anyone else hoping for a Baha Men reunion tour?
Rock out autism tonight! Come down and show support @ nutty Irishman in farmingdale!
Jennette can u reply me I loved u ever since you were in The Inside!Please reply,follow,or retweet.
I need to stop buying things from , soon my house will look like my board. Good?
Join an online community. Provide them with valuable info & establish yourself as an expert.
guess what mr. #Ijever Much more talented then YOU are.. stop the talking!
I think #twitterlessmac should get us #Starbucks because I'm having a bad day.
Great day skating around the city,sign painting and now editing some photos !
ABC gives a full season order to REVENGE and SUBURGATORY - both of my favorites! Yippee!
best dream/tweet ever.
That's a complicated question to answer. How often do you see SMS-style language on a resume?
you can tell me everything i don't want to hear because as long as it's coming from you, i'll listen.
random LA party
I know right usually Dok is waking my ass up lol
"Your a big hockey fan and the L.A sharks Are your favorite team? Wtf?" answer from your canadian question... Oh, he mad
Join on Wed, March 7 for the launch of College Links, its pre-college program at at 7pm. RSVP at
killed it tonight very impressed
Two large boxes came into my office today, two small boxes went out.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
OMG my life is over
you will get smacked real quick
Hey tweeters I'm sitting here listening to dynamite
And stuff
finishing up the set list for if you've got a request, get it in now. we're doing a bunch of originals and few covers
I just dominated family board game night by winning both Settlers of Catan and Ticket to Ride.
yay:) Jasmine tweeted me from her brothers page:)
lol you so crazy
marinated tofu in shaoshing, mirin, tamari, tangerine peel and star anise, and smoked it with cherry wood and tung ting oolong leaves
Former Anderson resident here...Only 42 & rainy here in Washington DC... Send those 60's east!
"All we hear is radio gaga"
Now Following & They are so freakin funny. FOLLOW THEM!!!!!
I advised friends to break engagement until they were actually ready and willing to get married. They did. Hope I was right...
I heard the wolf cry at the blue corn moon......
The African Students' Organization at American University has a twitter!
Alright Twitter World Goodnight!!!!!!
what kind of makeup brushes do you use??
The only pro player I have left, former Yankees farmhand Michael Gardner, has signed to pitch for the Rockland Boulders.
im very unpredictable and different so sumtimes im hard to figure out
well you might have. But since you moved to tx you've played with Alabama. And then u stole LSU from and lost wi dem
"Nice men marry dancers. Real men become dancers" ~Author Unkown~ Have a great week!! ;)
I am still painting flowers for you
EXCELLENT QUOTE!!
Ok Can't wait": girl. Love it. Wait till my show airs!! Err body will be tuned in! Move over Shonda Rhimes :)"
Bad news is you aren't here. Good news is i've thought of great new project for us to do together!
Q10 I love to make stuffed mushrooms, they are easy and always a big hit!
just horrible! what a tradition gone down for nonsense...famu band program!
whats up Soja? it seems like you dont know me no more.
Make sure to make your way to the Pittsburgh Cafe tonight for the first Slyder Night.
On our way to Houston
Maid in China.
As rain passed through, temps dropped from 67° to 60°. With some sun this afternoon we'll head towards near 80°
Ya watching the game? And ya get mad when I call him
no that is crazy.
Just upgraded and it was completely painless.
HOME. SWEET. HOME.
A happy wife is a happy life.
Why is everyone complaining? I love WestTest week.
I like your answer, m'dear. That could work for pretty much anything. :)
I read a book today. The kind that uses real paper!
thank you beautiful!
Was it Leslie Nielsen?
reasons the plumber should hurry up: I haven't showered since Mon, I wanna go to Brewed and purchase oatmeal, and I need to pee!
": "Those who say it cannot be done shouldnt interrupt the people doing it""
WHAT MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME & ILL FOLLOW BACK
Power outage in my neighborhood just as I'm headed out to lunch. Yay?
YOU CAN DO IT
..I've been let down, put down, n knocked down. but, here i stand..UP..
love you too. Goodnight. Besitos <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><U+2764>
Who's 21+ and trying to hit up happy hour at game works this summer?
Welcome! RT : Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me.
I'm scooping up the horse poo at the #Minnesota #Zoo for my dirty job! Tune into the !
u was laughing
RT : And now is tearing it up with The Rose. #fun #spectrum12 awesome heartfelt performance
Nice app. So the UI is all SVG with ? Icons look nice. Animation smooth. Small lag when I hit play.
Thanks for the mention!
Actually it's more like the golf course was on me.
The Great Cereal Massacre on W North Ave.
I'm late but just 1day so I'm not trippin
Niall <3 it looks so good!
yes i do!
Outta work flow...
Dear, kaylee! Hi (: we don't talk :( so you should tweet me or Dm me sometime! You
They mean it literally. Google's product will actually search out your Dropbox account and delete it.
What do you do when the only one who can make you stop crying is the one who is making you cry?
Teacher pensions have become too generous as teacher unions are smarter than school boards.
Michael Owen coming to MLS looks highly likely now that he's been let go by Manchester United
Only new bills... Call me the fresh prince
attempting to sleep.
love the bracket - Omaha would welcome Mizzou and KU as 1's (wisconsin as an 8 a bonus for me) - Creighton a 4 in Nashville
Kinda' depressed. I hate being in a place where you don't know what to do...:(
Help yourself before u ask for someone's else help!
Acting out what an octopus and a shrimp would say to each other if they were friends eating lunch. Our jobs are fun!
Happy to see you back!
How do i dye my natural dark hair naturally
I've really noticed the sound quality Improvement on app's HQ mode. Turn that on, people!
I don't know. They've got to want to change their lives. You can lead a horse to water...or was it an elephant?
OK, let me beta it, will give realistic, experienced feedback.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. Babe Ruth
yu already know what is it fam :)<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Lately I have been working on a web-app that converts metric fuck-tons to Imperial measurement.
Ah, got it.
Ah, it's barely December, and the teevee is already prepping us for snOMG. Yay!
he is fuck crazy :)
Moving on is hard to do... but it's time to start taking care of myself again.
If "Death & life are in the power of the tongue..." have u thought about the death or life you've released by the words that you've spoken?
Retweet if you seen at least one of your followers NAKED.
All math and no art makes Julie a dull boy. Or something.
I've been getting bullied . And it hurts. Sometimes I feel like I'm all alone. I hate it. If I talk more about it I'll cry.
Can't sleep..working on two very large paintings..and watching the wonder years..lolololol
cause I didn't go no where
GoodMorning (Say It Back)
May have to wait til next year. Small window this year!
not sure #takeyourchildtoworkday includes 20 month old boys.
hell yea!
More heat towards the end of the week - maybe a lot more, especially east county. 70s/80s today - low 90s (at least) by Thursday.
Foo fighters were good!
I'm happy as a pig in shit
van is packed... tucson tomorrow night and then Gods Country.... oh shit
WHAT WAS THIS, A DARE?
My bad I missed your texts what's good
Awww thanks, love. I needed that.
vs Brock Lesnar in an extreme rules match. It's going to get ugly. Let's go Cena
It's still hot in #ATL, and it's Midnight
lmao girls and their obsessions with pro athletes SMH
Gettin on train so hectic
RT : A carefully bloused out t-shirt is a cry for help.
' chill bro that's my girl back the fuck off _ >_<
Wish u were here laying on top of me :-(
Twitter, I am being pulled in many directions. I want to keep writing, but we have dinner guests coming, and also Godfather 2 is on AMC.
burned 152 calories doing 19 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
no sir. U know u my dog 4 lyfe kehd.
“: Suck a dick bitch” that's my line
#gaddafi #libya Ppl should get out of the house and clean up.
I'm having a very slow day, making up for a busy, late yesterday, getting ready for same tomorrow.
Just want to give a special birthday shout out to & . Enjoy your day girls <U+2665>
When and sing to me<<<
And she has a really compelling first tweet.
sorry to hear that hang in there
im so sorry bc ALL mine alive even my favorite one
Guys don't make passes at girls who wear glasses.
Time for our little ones to suit up again. Our weekly SUN #basketball league tournament is about to start, 4-6pm at SEI - check them out!
I'm making chicken soup, hub made a big fire. hooked rug covering legs. Spring done unsprung. it's chilly here!
Sigh. Why is this even being discussed?
will you be my girlfriend
We're in!
TDM! Leveled up Assault Medic last night in TDM and now I'm ready to try Rush again :)
Dear nsa kids,which one of you is hooking me up with a graduation ticket?
If I didn't have my daughter, I could totally be one of those people that could be missing for weeks before anyone would notice.
Fantastic time at #WGBiz event last night w/ and rockstar
Any aspiring comedians out there? We hear gets wild with Monday Open Mic night, bring your game
Genius!!!!!! I love entrepreneurship!
What luck for rulers, that men do not think.
is told she has a dirty mind but appears all sweet and innocent
I like many things, including this. Sometimes that.
IT IS AWESOME! “: Improv as a metaphor for developing a PLN or PLC - Friends Baltimore #plpnetwork”
Great Skin Tip - Colorful summer fruit are loaded with antioxidants. Load up on any from the berry family for vibrant skin!
i wonder how long ima be limping around for
My beloved aunt died two and a half or three years ago and I remember them delivering her ashes in a tote bag from the f.h.
Tonight Jazz/Funk @ 8pm with Bryan...It's gonna be Wild!!
"I've never been shut down so many times in one night."
Which chavez??? RT : CHAVEZ Goes DEEP!!!!
gets 4! Great year for both leagues!
Thanks! They are also spending Xmas with us in Miami.
There is possibly no better feeling than sleeping on your own bed and eating a home-cooked meal
's 'fortune' album comes out soon WOOP:D
Gonna hop in the shower.
#SoConfused is right! ... Also strange is that we know what's going to be sold at Macy's, H&M, and Saks in the future. Trippy.
Dude. Great #skeptictank podcast with Steve Simeone. Really.
Looking forward to Black Thought 2.0 Conference tomorrow. Catching up on what I missed tonight thanks to twitter!
#FREE 1 Hour Group #Fitness Training today at our SOUTH location (1785 S 8th Street) at 11:30am - limited to first 8 (for members only).
Las Vegas, NV check out www.badsuerecords.com for more info
Darvish 91-95 mph FB, also slider, a couple of different curveballs and a split.
presenting at #CUE?
Im sure you are!! We need to get together soon!
freakin hysterical photo! Did you sample to fried gluten? Where was that?
It makes my panties wet when Taylor calls me daddy.
Great job!
“: #Chicago sports...thanks for the make-good. 4 games, 4 wins. #Cubs #Sox #Bulls #Hawks #Perfection”
oh dear Sam is going to jinks us!!
Looking forward to todays social media 101 panel at #uifall11 in #lax!
morning! It's on Fridays @ 11 am typically focuses on legal tech, social media BUT I want to branch out to more law related...
Never let anyone tell you that you cannot do something. If you believe and you try, you can do anything.
that is very for someone Angela's age. I ran the mile and two mile in track--ran the half mile occasionally too.
We are looking for a photographer for a shoot as well as for shows. We're interested in working with you. Follow
Would've been happier if trade up was for Cam Jordan or #Browns sat at 27 and took Carimi or Heyward. Jordan&Heyward more versatile in 4-3.
Happy Friday! Who's looking forward to working out this weekend?!
Crazy I still have feelings for you and we've never met
A nosebleed is a really crappy way to wakeup.
Go Pacers!!
GRIND HARD MEANS LATE NIGHTS .... LOOKING FO MUA'S, CLOTHING DESIGNERS, BODYPAINTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS TO WORK WITH #DIRECT MESSAGE ME ASAP
Wife wanted to see Hungarian gypsy band so we traveled 120 miles to a 60 and over Russian New Year dinner.
Michael was able to do it :/
After track is over I'm hittin' that weight room hard beefin' up ! lol I can't go home lookin' like a "T" in my t-shirt ! LOL !
Social Media Campaign for Payday Loan Company Starts for USA ...
If you click on a pin then it'll take you to another page that shows the website where the item came from.
tell i said thats a lovely pic and i want some food send me some
Apr 4-6, 1932: Churchill was guest of King at Windsor Castle.
does this mean ill be seeing you at least twice a week from here on out? :)
Hawaii?! You lucky duck. Alright, sounds fantastic, have a fantastic time! PS- I'm so excited for haha
well done
no, just took a break. But im back!
Happy Earth Day! Try our Eco-Friendly soft waterbased inks.
Follow us on vimeo and we will follow you back! Vimeo.com/shadowleft
“: Getting ready for #cfblockparty one word Dubstep”// Excuse me while I scream..... #dubstep <U+2764>
I've texted "oh shit" to my buddy like30 times tonight.
Transfixiated with our new son.
Hold up, will this dispel any rumors that Jack White and Johnny Depp are the same guy, or add fuel to the fire?
with this many runoffs pending (and them being late, in July this year) surprised I haven't heard more grumbling about 40% threshold
OK Game over. Chest palpitations easing :) Time to get my Cinco de Mayo game on...
S/o to ppl wit the name anisa: whether it's first or middle name no matter how it's spelled.
website has been submitted to GIS Directory on GIS Extensions Market
Glad to see I'm not the only one sweating
Praying for after the fire this morning. Just glad that no one was hurt!
I was born in Atlanta & calling your boss "Babe" on ANY day is not SOUTHERN. Seriously??? No one does that!!
Finally free from the Hunger Games. Finished book 3. Now I can get on with my life.
thanks Vicki! Love your profile picture! Must be interesting to be a radio host!
Got a lot done today, but still did not get my book order done. Sigh.
That's it, folks! If you are a #foodtruck and want to participate you will have to set up a booth. All food truck spots are FULL!
“: This fool is quoting the bible after he killed someone #AskScandal #Scandal” true politician
It's good to be alive. Good morning Twitter!!
thanks for the stalk lol
Much needed quality time with to be had today! And chocolate will be involved, at least for me.
We may have a designated Happy Hour, but really, isn't every hour here a Happy Hour? #ATXSushi #HappyHour 5-7
The devotion of thought to an honest achievement makes the achievement possible. - Mary Baker Eddy
I really don't like wearing shorts but I'm tired of being hot in this heat
Interesting approach to the #social work environment - new feature Workspaces that uses Live Feeds. Works with #iPad too.
hell yea it is.
Kona Brewing Co. (HawaiiNewsNow) - If you 're a beer drinker, specifically Longboard drinker, you 'll want to watch this! Kona Brewing Co
wish I could watch it
once the burner is fixed who else wants a cd besides
do you want money or power?
Then those are followers who don't matter. That's my opinion, anyway. I'll shut up now.
you guys ever pick up or is he still chillin with the truck drivers?
#HowLongZimmermanGoneLastInJail some of these are hysterical. "About as long as Favres first retirement" lmao!
aw u can kiss on me anytime lolx2 :-p
Thank you !
Go with your gut.
This bank person is sps stupid go work at a fast food place if u wanna be this stupid
needs to finish packing his camping equipment in time for his 0530 taxi tomorrow to fly off to Boston, then to #FRFF in the Berkshires.
So now a good day has turned awkward....
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. ~ F. Scott Fitzgerald
And closes with the story of my life
Just nominated and for the i date awards... Good luck guy's...
Can't have my love any more
I love my family and friends there the only people I need on valentines day
The woman next to me at this coffee shop is freaking out about telling her parents she's dating a guy who's not rich. :/
I'll leave that to your sweetheart “ My ass is often worshipped. You can kiss it if you want.”
The last time I saw a face like yours I threw it a banana.
let's make it a goal for this year :D that'd be so great.
ATTN: hair styling producers, stay away from Chicago for your own good. You cannot beat Chicago wind!
Where's my bus?
- Little Caesar's on Goshen is now open, and it is oh so good.
that is a good one...
Agreed. Need a another source or two. I know we r supposed to attribute the sources but do we need a works cited pg?
Good morning!!(:(: Last #INDOOR competition for the season!! We gon go kill it!!(:(: <3 you all!!
My boyfriend snuck into my apartment while I was in SAL to leave me flowers for my birthday!
i left it ova my homeboi house
thanks!! Merry Christmas to You to! Thanks For everything :)
My yogurt has a warning on it "protect wildlife crush cup before disposal". i prefer "dont eat yogurt in the fucking woods".
Back to studying for ISSAP
Vengeance for that 1987 Game 7 championship game against the Sidekicks?
Zombies? Beach? 80s v. 90s? What is the most creative theme party you've ever hosted or attended?
At which you point, you became the babysitter, ? :)
I get around - TUPAC
Facebook became boring, & the layout is so different & confusing now. I also get overwhelmed from time to time & need a break. :)
will you discuss why obamacare is bad for country but good for Mass?
Don't say that too loudly; Pat McDonogh may have a heart attack.
Hey my tits are bouncing on the bus and I have the body of a middle aged lesbian so if anyone wants to get at this holla.
is online... Hi Harry!
#loweshatesmuslims you make me sick
Questions surrounding the ROI of social media makes me wonder if people understand what a captive audience is.
count me in that group as well... though last week it was super glue, not sauce.
"let's pretend Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen..." No Marshall, let's not.
good appointment. Only failures in an England shirt. Can relate. And will motivate. But feel free to hate him. Free country!
I just took 2 shots of NyQuil!! I'm ready to party!!!!!!!!!!
Woot stop in we are tweeting in as well RT : tweeting from Sweet Home Chicago!
Hard work is a two way street... U get back exactly wat u put in...
I feel so sick right now
heading to boston python meetup tonite, topic:
why isn't he in pajamas ???
Waiting for the delivery
that's it! Great food, wine, and views
Want your tracks played? Email us @ #TrackRekahz!!!!
You don't think exorcism is seen as weird? Because it is, "standard doctrine" or not.
Goodness! Poor Bates.
For context, I meant why am I wearing pants as opposed to shorts or a skirt. It's 80 deg in chgo rite now
BORED LIKE HELL plz talk to me people
Search well and be wise, nor believe that self-willed pride will ever be better than good counsel. - Aeschylus
Thanks for input. I really appreciate it.
are you listening to Brandon's radio show now?
too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, & too determined to be defeated! #NYR ;)
congrats on the article! you should be in show business, kid.
Exciting, spanking new news! Our feature film "The Exquisite Corpse Project" will be premiering in Hollywood at Dance With Films this May!!
homework on a sunday night...feels like I stepped back into a time machine to the good old days of
I agree except for the pill moment...
All of our various programs at our center are designed to build community.
i miss you. skype?
Dear Cincinnati, please learn how to drive in the rain. Love, Cincinnati.
Men are so slow *sigh
I PASSED YOUR HOUSE
Jan compared Mendeley to iTunes for functionality and then aggregated for collaboration.
IIm so glad...Jesus is Lord and we are NOT!
Portland pop-punk..?
lol is the homie Bryant still an A's fan? Or did he sell out like everyone else and join the Giants?
Love the outdoor furniture. So chic!
That site is HILARIOUS!!!!
Shampooing all my carpets...now I remember why I liked hardwood floors
At least it was Ervin Santana's own wild pitch that kept him from throwing a SCORELSS NO-HITTER. Pretty unique I must say.
Great day curbside today -- actually sold right off the table plus some action inside, too. Still need some food vendors -- cheap rates!
Quick and easy graphics, banners, you name it: Create in PowerPoint, "Save as" .jpg Who knew?
This Q&A was so active that it had to be cut off. How often does that happen! Pls feel free to send ?s, I'm doing dinner w/ Lyon & can ask
Can you like not do that
No offense to Beastie Boys fans but they joined Rock and Roll Hall of Fame before Rush? Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is now officially a JOKE
Thanks for the follow. Great organization!
Rivera is a clown, but we do need a TSA in the airports that actually works, and isn't just corrupt national security kabuki.
Great day for open house -sunshine, mostly clear skies, not much wind.
Me too! I changed my password hopefully that stops it.
BOOM! SO COOL!
Main thought? Chase picked a terrific market to deliver media about #innovation. Watch this space!
Be the girl you’d want your daughter to be. Be the girl you’d want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy.
what sort of "education"? RT : starting a technology focused NGO to help fight poverty & foster education in
go hewitt!
So I guess you won't "say 'cheese'"...RT Am currently so excited for the new imaging technology, I'm fasting.
In the U.S., there is, on average, three sex change operations per day.
12 year olds posting things like "I miss the good old days!"
How was everyone's Christmas?!! We are open regular hours today! Come by and keep the holiday cheer flowing!
"Every time you move forward in a society, there's a backlash to return to the status quo" - Jackson Katz
supports breast cancer eat this titties from the inside
im feeling so sexy tonite.
hey Ash! regarding CLA vitamins, they do help you lose fat but they might also raise your cholesterol. discuss w your doctor!
You know the woman wants her cowboy, like he wants his rodeo.
who wanna text , [ off my ipod ] RETWEET
I LOVE this Texas heat! Although it's too hot to really enjoy it but the few moments on our front porch is just enough for me:))
Can we get some free ones for suffering thru the Matt Killcullen and Ken McDonald eras?
I already miss reading postsecret with you.
Even if you don't have a Tumblr, you can still submit your soupy beard pics! Just email them to and include caption!
People thinking I'm being beat because of all these large ass bruises -.-
Avengers midnight showing!
Of course, as always: dames get sick during rehearsals, I get sick as soon as the show opens!!! Wah wah.
isn't it?! That one will stay with me always.. :)
It's going to be like a train wreck- you don't want to watch but you can't turn away.
Sure but is O planning Swift Boat-level attack on Bain? And you don't think it wld b undermined if O supporters trashed it?
Ur so sweet thanking all the fans in different countries <3
good one still a top 3 team in baseball easily
Writers, do you find it hard when creating new characters to not pull a little from people you know or even from parts of yourself?
Girl in my class gave me a whole thing of sour patch. NOM(:
When he smiles we smile! :)
English language learning via cell phone now available in #Tunisia! subscribers compose *136# to access Najja7ni free!
Why is it so cold.
Due to drought, there's a local ban on 4th of July fireworks. Oh, but how they underestimate a Mexican's determination to blow some shit up.
#TEDXsd11 was so good I just now stopped thinking about it long enough to tweet.
Listen in today at 11am at kcrlive.com! Topic of discussion: the good, the bad, the UGLY, breakups. You tweet, we discuss. #GetBlunted w us
At the 1st show of in NYC with this screening hosted by A great opening wkend begins!
I loved it tonight
My rule is to pick the kind with a cork in it.
My dog needs to chill the fuck out!!
sorry, may the Mavs fester in their own stool while being lashed by razor wire.
which video u uploading
Follow me for discounts on auto repair, oil changes in Oklahoma city. We come to your for a change
Kim Kardashian should star in the whore next door
boy u look good wont u back that ass UP, u a fine mofo wont u back that ass UP, call me big mama wont u back dat ass UP
Looking dance jobs in EU Star Now Article 19, Dance Europe, Dancers Pro, Foundation for Community Dance, London Dance://t.co/pbwaEFo6
Gee - all of his books are about situated learning. Games happen to be a good way to do that but are one approach only.
just saw Taken last night. Liam Neeson is a freakin' superhero.
I agree. I'm not a huge dairy consumer. A greek yogurt here and there. But the inflammation response is no good. So I stay clear.
Gift of Lights at the LV Motor Speedway, thru Jan 2. $10 specials M - W with clothing donation to Goodwill. See www.giftoflights.com
insane money...he needs to sign w/ a team fast so if he does pick Broncos they can bring back B.Lloyd
started a new blog about "life's crossroads" or journey www.crossroads33.blogspot.com
Anyone know the breakdown of % of Male vs Female coaches in Womens basketball at the College level? Just curious
yes I will! What about you?
you are a mean little girl
Interview number two is at two this afternoon.
In Walla Walla for Fall Release ! looking forward to a great weekend!
Pinterest provides inspiration
Gosh darn it... I just bought this... 2 pay... the Wind Blue it Off! :o
There is a gentleman in this restaurant that entered the World Whistling Competition and is now giving a demonstration. I'm impressed.
So these fucking retards infront of me are over here talking about how they do drugs -.- bitch nigga. You're 15 enjoy life don't fuck it up.
all TALENTED individuals u are welcome,"GET IN WHERE U FIT IN!" A 100% ENT. Are u model MATERIAL? ladies can u chew gum & walk a str8 line?
Babe Ruth once ate 24 hot dogs between games of a doubleheader.
ah or have u been RAPED??? Did ur girl rape ya???!!! Lmfao ;D
Want to win a solo ride w/ ? Enter the Ride with Lance Sweepstakes today at www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
When you can't stop think about this person, it's love <U+2665>
Show us a pic of your "Monday Face"!
To me, Ryan Hollins getting playing time is a bigger story than the Celtics winning the series.
Many thanks for the RT!
It must be her luscious hair.
(And I *might* be eating them for breakfast today…a vegan cookie is practically a granola bar, right?)
tweeting u got me retweeted, I feel so used....thanks Maxx, and those that tweeted me!
ew good job
Just #Murdered that Geology exam
Have a book, author, or product you want to showcase? Affordable pricing. Email us a synopsis at .
The team is finishing up Mercedes Benz Fashion Week in NYC! So many great shows covered check them out at project-captured.com!
Geo Bellas: preserving e-data for trial in 21st century: think ESI, usu accompanied by metadata. Documents do not exist
Looks like it's not going to be a quiet Rosh Hoshanah this year. It was nice while it lasted. Shalom Alechaim! Yehi Ratson
#GiveObamaCreditFor... Facebook IPO. He'll take credit for it anyhow.
Hit up the Boom Boom Room tonight for 3 4 1 Miller tappers!
About to watch American reunion with my sister and Sean! Lololol making my last night in TX great :]
Has there ever been PG as good as Rondo who's as bad at FTs?
RT : nope only one class and it was canceled...and no work ah feels good lol-- ah u lucky... Get to slp in
The Philadelphia Eagles have tabbed Juan Castillo, the team's offensive line coach for the last 13 years, to be their defensive coordinator.
I miss my best friend
i don't collect no more all I got is Chicago 10s
see thats all i want! :D All my problems r solved
#Resnick, Blasphemy. 5 SFF short stories & 2 novelettes 1982-1999 explore religion & the nature of evil. Ultimately not very interesting.
Thought playing thriller during set break would be appropo
two adaptations in Tulsa, Providence at a uni in Montana, my first play Guernica at a uni in Illinois
Ready for bamboozle !!! New shirts
come to one of Brake Specialists Plus' 13 locations for your oil change! (512) 795-4066
we got 9 scores recorded for you (3eacz)
I see you tomorrow!
Check out music nuff said!
Lewis turned his back on Doan who didn't have time to react. Definitely a penalty, just not a 5 IMO.
LIve To Give Week 6 - Buy A Stranger Something at Random - www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian Zim.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Getting my hair did! Yay!!! :)
#MusicMonday worth checking: www.liverockyell.com www.thefive10.com www.isomediainc.com www.musicbusinessfordummies.com www.bobbaker.com
The road is so bumpy and if this driver don't slow down in throwing my phone to his head.
Yeah thanks, rub it in. RT and now oakland tied the game? YAY.
The rain is messing with the satellite feed of "The Voice". Bear with us!
total WIN! Did you purchase the Buckeye flavor as well?
that's a point i did not think they'd get. now try for the second one, eh?
Awesome is it a local or national show?
what were you doing over there?
Thanks for having my fellas!!
Playing Altar Bar tonight!!! Gonna be sick, pc4pc?!?!
Have y'all ever heard of this cat named ? The cat is jamming!
rad, will check it out
looking for a good music to listen too? check out Black Rebel Motorcycle Club (Official Page)... awesome !!!
one of my favorites is Hot Diggity Dog the history of the hot dog.
Had a nuts evening
or am I?
Having so much fun in English :/ thank god only 20 min left of this day
Full house for So Tonight! HA! HA! is up tomorrow. Come on out for the last week of shows at Theatre 54 at Shetler!
YES, sorry this one took a bit but hell yeah Ill never forget that one!
the best karaoke there is!
Happy mothers day to the niggas that gotta keep they girl in line lol
I want to hold the hand inside u..I want to take the breath thats true.. I look to u and I see nothing.. I look to u to see the truth
Don't get on da turnpike is bumper to bumper
are you real in voice
starting to watch misfits, good so far. too bad hulu has commercials every minutes. #fuck advertisments.
*raises hand* count me in! Though I'd like Delpo in too. & Ferru. Can we have then play dubs instead? and everyone get a prize?
#nowplaying "This Little Girl" by Cady Groves
RT : Right there with you! #ApartmentLife< Yesir, a house is on my first priority list next lol
The chefs are practicing now for the Culinary Olympics in Edmonton! is tweeting photos of the team in action.
What a betting menu today????
lol never it's just funny.
Ha! Beer 5, "I love you man, you're doing so awesome."
now that chritsmas is over i'm ready for a vacation :)
Minneapolis symphony orchestra...beautiful.
forever fascinated
Grew up in Tucson, Az. so worked at Rillito, Prescott, Az. Fairs, Boise and some at Los Alamitos. Many moons ago n 70s & 80s.
do you think hurrying to college damaged him?
hey stupid fucker you have called me 3 times in a row this morning and it sounds like your old ghetto phone is in your pocket!!!!
BEST show I have ever seen! It changed my life!!
spring valley
SO kind. BIG hope and hugs for you all, we had wonderful doc Dr Rizvi
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, she is beautiful because you love her.
did ur account get hacked?
even better, post a video of meanie doing the cat daddy
everyone should acknowledge there city's brands. big ups to , , , ,
The Pleasure was mine madam, what other games are you into
Hahaha Jeremiah got a twitter.
whats miley cyrus is real user becouse every one is posing 4 miley and i hate it!!!!
Los Angeles fans: Be sure to check out the Philharmonic House of Design open until May 20th
I Alwayz Win
word . we gotta hit the club again soon . && i got some news to tell you !
Two girls wear the same shirt: "She copied my style!" Two guys wear the same shirt: "BRO!"
LOL I NO SUCKS BUT U BEEN OK
Had a great night with - Great performance & a wonderful dinner too! You. Are. Something. Special.
I love how seriously filmmakers are taken here in Thessaloniki. I feel important!
no worries
#weekend is here! I am outta here!
I love you Julian would you mind to follow me !
I feel so bad for Bryan LaHair. His self esteem must be shot since everyone always mentions how old he is before adding anything else.
hey got your direct what am i working on? a role playing game based website expressiaann.com (shameless plug :) )
Looks like I'm heading to Fremont tonight to see the offices. Anyone want to grab food before the rails meetup at 6:30?
Angels baseball in Anaheim, who's going? Go Angel's we need a win!!!
oh I'm very good at that! 8-)
Catching somone in the act... Priceless!!!
Watch for the Child Advocacy Center on WREG lunchtime news -- you CAN help prevent child sexual abuse!
RT : Internship opportunity! Social News This is paid + based in #NYC. If interested, ping me!
CGQ. University Park Golf Club. Urban Room. 7pm.
haha that's what I was thinking!
Tonight we are youngg
That's your story and I'm sticking with it, too! :-)
I NEED ME A FEMALE RAPPER TO BE DOWN FOR WCK RECORD FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S AND A-1 ENT. G.M.S
Sitting right in front of the fan. It's a hot weather!
You make me smile stay for a while
I can't be held responsible for what my blog gets drunk and does on youtube.
I found my #SleepNumber it is a serta
RT Theo Epstein speaks with 100 students from Agassiz Elementary School as part of the Citi Cubs Kids program.
Awesome, can he win some for me!
i swear, ever since bruno got his dog i've been haunted by the memories of my dog :'( good ole coco. i loved that girl so damn much.
awesome idea
at pretty cool party
still no phone. curbing the longest and sweetest to-do list ever. imissyou
I see +105 now as well ... let me check with HKC & Ill let you know.
Happy New Year to you too!! :-) It is going to be an amazing year!!!
Slamming WSP Fishwater as I come back into nola off 2 week trip. One of my fave traditions!
gumby doesn't walk -- he glides.
don't feel like going to stupid rehearsal tonight......;lajtoaiewh kill me
What do you think is the work productivity in Mexico currently is with them playing in the kick-off game of the World Cup?
neither did Coach K until 1991...or Gary Williams until 2002...or Roy Williams until 2005
32 days to SUPER BOWL XLVI! Special s/o to my Twitter favs who are making the run!
where do i do the questions jay
please lead the investigation into the refs who called today's game.
they let the homie out? lol
says it's tick season. Strip down and look around.
Have you checked out ? Follow for info on all our latest job opportunities!
Each day provides its own gifts. Marcus Aurelius
yeah man!!!
for everyone chatting with me() we blew my twitter up and they blocked me for a couple hours. i can respond in a bit! <3 you!
Worst day ever. Please go away, sickness.
I love Mover & Shaker season. Always inspires excitement and makes me realize how much there is to do. Go JP! Go Christian!
Got my tix for night of main event 2. See my boi n battle it out.
Safety bitches Hahahahahaha!!!
S/O to my followers you guys are AWESOME!!
- Thx 4 checking out & sharing the #SM piece today!
Cause honestly I just don't care
I'm heartless! And my past made me that way!
TEMPO Mentor Awards are Feb. 19 at The Pfister. Interested members and guests can register through Feb. 16 by calling (414) 905-0117.
Dumb ass insurance agent got my b-day wrong and tried to make me pay $300 more when I called to correct it. Time to hunt for insurance again
tweet tonight #wildwesley vote for your favorite dancers!
Keep getting invites to the Iota party tonight. Hmm…
Sit down tony lol RT : Tell Tony to
There are high school FED nerds. This may be dorkier than high school MUN nerds
Great bingo night for ! You guys rock.
I need 2 make my way back 2 Whiskey on Saturday's....I miss ur funny jokes lol :)
Hmm..Apparently J-lo and Cameron didn't listen to Edith.
Yay! Go you!
"what do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection? Quarter pounder w/ cheese" -John c. Reilly #cedarrapids I know that's bad but I lol'd
How to Hate , How to Love what's next How to be BiPolar
The one time I decide to use the "Educational Data Gathering & Evaluation" system, it's down.
wasnt even towards u smfh...but o well
Kudos Gamma Rho collegian , named Outstanding Panhellenic Junior at !
You certainly could help by getting FIOS in my area (11738) :) Been waiting and waiting...
No one tweets me *sigh*
okay Phillip Phillips just blow me away
I have a new account which I will use for my new book project
I am so excited, the tree in front of my bedroom window is going to grow pink cotton candy flowers!
It's poem in your pocket day! One 4 you:Keep writing your stuff/ Don't stop from defeat/ Rejections are rough/Makes success that more sweet!
Well. Id rather it that then the alternative. The day will fly by! FYI, dinner again soon? Catch up on Josh.... ?
Ugh, I can't sleep at all. Thanks to my inconsiderate ass brother!
I love 'The Kilogram'. Where can I find/buy it?
Attention every prankster ! Prank this number ! 7013173585 DO IT ! (RETWEET) , , ,
Carlos can fly. Damn
Couldn't be happier sitting where I'm at nowadays.
Time to stop pretending to watch this baseball game, and get to the gym. For Matt Harris's sake-- go Dodgers. :)
Yep, another good one. I have only seen the first season so I have a lot more to go but I like it
The true value of music lies in its ability to ignite social change.
that's probably why god gave you eyes
Just looked at the dates... Is SFJazz coming to Chicago anytime soon? I'd love to see you guys on tour!
Get your dad to put that game on a CD, boo<3
aw I'm sorry
Damn it
thanks for you follow me gonna be gift for me :)
Let's be honest. We're playing the side-stage before Gavin Degraw goes on. But still, come check us out on August 12th at Jones Beach.
well, be happy your not a Cleveland fan. In any fuckin sport
#WeirdFactAboutMe: I eat my food one item at a time.
Amen. RT : From the Opening 41 to closing with Two Step every song is utter perfection
Officially quit smoking as of today :)
OK, Sherlocks out there, answer the following: 1.What is Dudley's daddy's first name? 2. How many older brothers does Dudley have?
that's cool and all, but why are you wearing a deadgum bed sheet..? Haha :3
Yummy FOOD!!! Starving<U+E057>
They don't call me the Crew weather girl for nothing...
I love that I have the kind of job where I can actually be more effective with a buzz.
Just heard your name on Bravo! FAME
I'm watching tv :)
her forehead, it's a bit big, but, she's pretty in all the ways¡
#GoTribe Keep rolling Tribe!
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
It's impossible to be like EVERYONE else, but it's GREAT to be Christ like.
Totally wished Christopher Plumber was my grandpa.
So how about One Direction sold out MSG in one minute!!!!!!!!!:D
That... is so..... radical. Please tell me that's yours.
Follow my other account!!!
The same thing we do every night, —try to take over the world!
Note to self: put on an oven mit when grilling so a sudden breeze doesn't grill your fucking hand. Ouch.
That moment when you get a sweet text & you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo..
cj exam. hour drive. then im gettin the heck outta dodge(:
and besides I will not be able to attend :O(, and it would be super narly to watch via mobile
Just like people, Zipcars get thirsty. Remember to leave them with at least 1/4 of gas or fill'er up for the next Zipster.
Good girls are just bad girls who don't get caught.
I'm also so sorry about your friend. Erin's grandmother kept smiling before she was scooped up to glory...I never forget it!
Wtf how did I not know was back on gh?! Yay
What song is stuck in your head?
I literally JUST left from there. Your turn. There's stuff to do here! Sometimes, when I'm bored, I walk to the library.
Anyone think for $20 a day, #MikeTyson would knock me the fuck out so I can actually get some sleep
a guy @ work say the Tigers were waiting all season 4 Prince to b @ bat with runners on base, I said the season is 2 hrs old
new book Adaptation is a science fiction homage to the TV show The X-Factor #lbyrpreview out in Sept.
Put on Narciso Rodriguez's new perfume & now I smell like a nursing home.
doo it then.. it sounds quite yummy.
Taking my students on a tour of some of my deals-in-progress today to learn first-hand how to renovate a house for max profit.
Linking boosts insight
lets make some hits! Hahah, have you started yet?
A part of me will always love you
Will do!
At chuckie cheese
ya but I dont get on it
you are so talented and really pretty! Please follow me? Thanks :)
Smart kids that smoke weed..HONOR ROLL.
thanks for the follow Jason!
loved the American remake of the Swedish film #TheGirlwiththeDragonTattoo directed by David Fincher. What a great film! Beautifully done.
That sounds lovely. (tea, not coffee, tho)
lol SHE WAS
you're straight I'm sure everyone at that school knows who you are already anyway :)
Just saw the Domino's musical. amazing!!!
that be great. I've been saving lp mailers too. thanks!
Wish we could that everyday >>
~~ Read Tip 2/7 ~~ Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 2: Pause immediately before the statistic to create suspense.
Granted, in the 70's food quality was on the decline and had been on the decline
it's the little things in life that amuse the hell out me.
the classic megamans are the best do not go wrong brother
worst monday morning including no ipass, no coffee, so late. acheived nothing cuz the computer shut off during original cataloging project
thanks for reaching out. I am not actively looking for new ventures as I have my hands full with FounderSync. Thanks.
Great to hear, same w/me, thanks! :) RT : everything is good I hope everything going good for you
by eight and that's how tall your
Christmas is here, am I the only one who's family watches " A Christmas Story" Non-stop..?
Lyrics off the chain always
phone dropped one too many times. On the plus side it's an indirect upgrade since my crap's too old!
There's nothing like being a voter in #Ohio on #SuperTuesday! Let's see how this circus ends tonight.
thanks all my ICM501 peeps for the badge endorsements. Reply if I can help you out! (Comment strings are tough on my eyes ;)
I'd be shot if I did that RT : Been in the shower over an hour
I got one of those, too, when I started a new job. Didn't find it helpful. Different staff = different experience with students.
we saw ya Ronnie...in the elevator..
sweet dreams :)
Do you reset your evaluations after earnings, or do trends carry over?
Welcome to on for live b'cast 12-2 today. Swing by if you're nearby.
And you get what you earn, not what you desire.
is dat rite
they sold out about 1/3 of Rupp in few hours, Rupp wouldn't have sold out but would have probly pushed 20k.
First-class endodontics in 3-D
Girl. Yes. Also I owe you an email.
you can see the light then so can I a good visual for me to have 2mmorrow on the rad bed. Btw agreed on RT of every mention lol!
You really don't get anything.. I trusted you as my friend once and look at you STILL. Seriously, just stop Olivia.
let's all go! Richardsons tonight at 7
My son breaking his toys because his birthday coming up what a mess its all electronics this year for his education so break away..
Just sent our first direct deposit payout to one of our venues. Huzzah! If you're a venue processing credit cards we'll be in touch SOON.
The awkward moment when u get a text from weird number sayin stop textin and u look up n the teach is laughing like how u get my number hoe
Time to let go and move forward....
how hairy will that sexy chest get if you didn't shave?
What a great day and wild ride it's been for former Augusta State golfer Patrick Reed, -6 today at Quail Hollow, hear from him on WJBF at 11
well I mean if you were on that iPhone swag you could facetime me.
please don't put a scorpion in my bed & say it was to "start a debate"
Ew I hate you omfg have fun w/ your bitches. I feel bad for the next bitch that has to deal with you. #
Come join in the #FishFry fun tonight! Gotta love that beer battered and baked cod!
i never said that..
Pick-Up line: HEY CUPCAKE!! I bet you taste really sweet.
Would be pleased to show it to you at GDC. I'm speaking on Monday. Are you free Thursday night?
RT IF YOU WISH YOU COULD MEET THE ICONIC BOYZ.
R.I.P Dick Clark...you were such an amazing man and will be missed.
Just did another 481 words. If I keep this up, I just might make today's goal.
ah crap, SAVES THE DAY - "stay what you are" is still good.
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Heart break Deruler (heart break hotel)
I am back in the 910.
woohh! I can't wait. (:
Thank you boo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> see ya later if I go with jazz <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I've asked Allah to send the reward for all good that I've done in my life to my parents, yet their right over me remains -Dr Abdul Hayy (R)
The Silk Tie likes Chris! Do fashion designers wear ties? thesilktie.com
No. And YES.
no wait i know what gwapo means and i'm from NY...
Probably a bad sign if you spend most of your life powering through things.
I'm not that cool :'c I'm a loser Lmfao xD.
Library Assistant (Technical Services) Opportunity in Los Angeles area! Email me at !
Seriously...very strange.
has anyone ever told you that you're really hot & have an angelic voice ? just wondering. wanna share a cheese brocollli soup?
Win a 32GB Iphone
soon! we are shooting for midsummer. Come see us at M!
Whoa. Just realized I started at five years ago today.
#goodlord Bauhaus Coffee is bumping like it's a club right now. Choosing this spot to work at was a BAD IDEA. #turnitdown !!!!
Why does DHL keep calling me? I gave them my address, isn't it their job to find said address?
The show "Too Young to Kill," which featured an interview with yours truly, will air on E!: Feb 3 at 9pm, Feb 5 at 5pm, and Feb 6, 7, and 8
My Tuscan-vegetable-clean-out-the-fridge soup was luscious. I wish I had eaten more of it.
I'm ok with it.
Also, I will not have regular access to a computer when I return this one to my boss.
So tired, working the late shift & opening the next day sux:(
Thanks bro!!
If you don't know TED, you don't know shit! Go to: www.ted.com It's simply amazing!
Dave, I'd love to hear more about your DC moving plans. Any idea where/what you are looking for? I'd be happy to help you out.
Taking a cab to church -_-
How do you like Rainmaker?
You blind me with your beauty and I never dare to have a doubt.
Join us 2nite as we kick off the 2011 season w/ the vs @ 5 & the vs the … Read more
Yes, I'm the Casting Director for the show- I hire all the actors that speak. And yes, it will be awesome!
re tsa: "it's an anagram. Neat, huh?" Then move along as they try to puzzle it out.
Wish she would act her age
Plan a good outfit or make tea...only have time for one...
Old ass men in there 30's need to stop trying to talk to me!
it's a kinda day.
Happy Birthday! I hope you have had a great day! :-)
One lab left then
i will Get sleepy, Lay Down and Never Fall Asleep
Good morning beauts and gents!!
No, Apple didn't make a mistake. But, this means we still have about a year of iPhone 5 rumors to tough out, haha.
thanks for the follow. Can you see the line for franchising chocolate?
awww okay<3 yew so coot
Tofu, or "bean curd," has been consumed since the 10th Century in China. Any favorite tofu recipes?
No, I just loved it. The ones I'm directing will be shot/released in the coming weeks...
jw are you ever gonna tweet again
When you perform the trapeze without a safety net, you are bound succeed because failure isn't an option.
I'll add you. I'll be on pretty much all tonight.
There is still time to book a great holiday party! Contact your favorite property for more infomration and availability.
Gotta love McDonald's shamrock shakes!
Fishing bound crazy lol mad early
Basically, Billy G made him play point guard when he shouldn't have been. I actually thought he got a raw deal from the fans.
I didn't know old men used Twitter Rick!
If I were a gun I'd be a nail gun 'cause I just NAILED it!
True that Joe and Erick tend to over do it a little on the plate. Great for leftovers though. Thanks for sending her our way!
Got a drink in my cup and I don't give a fuck
Thanks for the follow man! Dig your stuff!
Thanks for your tweet - I love the Bristol - wonderful food, great atmosphere!
Very cool Jennifer you look great on the Talk have fun!!
Dear who ever is reading this, I hope that you know you're never alone, and someone out there loves you more than you can ever know.
follow me,I LOVE YOU,
lol I was not referring to you #dontstressit RT : I don't have the clap Moron
wait do you work at pick n save?
Can't wait to sit down w a cup of tea and bask in 's latest post on the women of surrealism, m.
RT : My clients have called me a star - & I'm an iPhone dev. Does that qualify? :D <- U following me yet?
yes please! DM me and let's hit up downtown tomorrow during the day hopefully it won't rain
good morning back kittie... love watching you on cam.. great day ahead
Did you know #foodallergy can be deadly?Epinephrine is a LIFE SAVING medication! I carry two epi-pens at ALL times for my
I'm here!
In need of a new place
I think I've had Musashi's but I can't remember. So obvs it's not that great. Tokyo is my fav. But they close at 9.
Special needs students benefiting frm virtual ed 2 personalize learning. Join the webinar bit.ly/specl_needs
Don't forget about #CincodeMayo tomorrow! How will you be celebrating? With a barbecue & margaritas?
I WOULD DIE
I figured you would like this RT : Yes! 3 FarmVille notifications!
last time I checked it was only cuatro de mayo. I'm out. sticking to the hood. will i see you out tomorrow?
Is going to get kicky new glasses today. This pleases me.
NewVantage Partners Announces Upcoming Big Data Thought-Leadership Events - MarketWatch (press release)
Shoebox already lets you share on both Twitter and FBook! You can also use via 1000memories.com if you don't have an iPhone. :)
bored you?
i hate school. period. bu i HAVE to go to college or im screwed
It's #TacoTuesday!!! Where are you getting your grub on today?
If you ever want to watch The Human Centipede........... Don't!!!!
Aw is taller than ^_^
just talked to Freda. She really wants us to marry a Jew. Don't let her down!
Let them guns blam bitch you know I am , letter guns blam this a 44. Bulldog it does not jam
Since it's looking like a sunny day outside, let's discuss sunglasses today! Do you rock aviators? Oversized? Colored ones?
Good advice! Thanks!
i followed :( but i would have appreciated a shout-out =(
Hey ! Will and I see you tonight?
No Chit''lol
When people don't text back<
Really sad! Someone hacked into my blog site and now I can't access any of my old posts!
When prospects say "Your price is too high", repeat back "Our price is too high?" and wait for a reply. Useful info will follow.
be brave i will be praying for you and Bella !!!
I need to meet - I need her. It's just that simple
carrots in peanut butter are not like sea salt vinegar potato chips AT ALL.
S/O to the beautiful
YAWN!I should be back in bed, but I'm Punishing myself for not noticing my baby girl was feverish&sleepless most the night <U+2639>
wish i was back in ATL... columbia missouri has no social events
Come on
Oh yeah Nebraska !
How much is it in Atlanta?
is an email address I can send something to you guys?
Any tornado sightings?
love you too girl.. you need to text me when you come in!
Rock on, guys. Cheers!
Uh.... Who is at buffalo wild wings pushin that button?!!!
hey, great station. how about showing a LI girl some luv with a play or two? ;)
Coo coo .
it's funny how girls with curly hair want to straighten it and girls with straight hair want to curl it haha
Centennial's priorities are all fucked up! You care about people stealing, skipping and smoking. But don't care about threatening lives?
the faces I make... Omfg
I know someone like that..yet I'm over here being sweet and I'm ignored most of the time..
Hahahahahaha good one!
Adding Pirate Radio to the list of favorite films. For music lovers, it is a must see!
how was tonight show?
LAST THING THE HOMIE SAID TO ME WAS WE RISKTAKERS WE GET MONEY FAST AND WE GO ALL OUT<U+2755><U+2755> HE SAY YOU SEE IT GET IT <U+2755>
Watching a movie with my boyfriend & brother in-law :-)
- Cool, sounds good. 7:30p $$ for the field. ;)
Yep! I figured out the issue, Cole will take care of it. Did you post that by using the twitter button on the app?
wed or thur night is good for me. We have to get together.
We are pleased to announce the launch of the new website for Dianna Duran Secretary of State 2010. www.diannaduran2010.com.
#HappyEaster (In a small child's voice) I just came to say, thank the Lord for Easter Sunday!
Congratulations on your award. Much deserved!
#ChampagneThursday is just around the corner. Where/How will you celebrate?
I was told I need to tweet more.
you tell them, we may be quiet but they know what's up.
#shoutoutto money money money
you're the worst movie ever.
Too much like right....
media education foundation - we have the same distributor, that's where I came across jdi
Facebook platform going open source, please opensocial die
A-Gon gonna beat Cano in the #HRDerby. Yankees suck! Let's go, Red Sox!
into the car wash we go.. I hope we don't die. :/
I am literally crying laughing at #newgirl .
sorry bruh lol...had to call her out about the opusX
I got so much shit on my mind it's unbelievable
Hey, thanks again for the call today. I really appreciate your input & advice.
Miss my hubby
I want my chinese food!!!!!!
you are killing it with this tour! I was right next to the stage in anaheim and loved every second!!! Follow me!? Xoxo
That moment of anxiety while your waiting for him to reply, especially when it's a huge question.. :/
i had three cups of lemonade [!<(O_o)>?]
What's your favorite part about the holiday season?
My dad hasn't been able to hula hoop his whole life and has decided to boycott #Walmart Hahaha
Kills me that people will fire down and energy drink and fast food then say how an all natural #wiredwaffle sounds unhealthy.
Is anyone going to be talking about journalists signing recall petitions at the #uwethics conference?
Weekday Lunch Specials - $7.95: SoLo Pizza & House Salad, Chicken Caesar Salad, Spaghetti & Meatballs 0r The Parmesan Chicken Sandwich :)
This horror.. The perfect ending.
I Cut alot of Ppl Off And It's Feels Good Not To be Around Ppl and They Bullshit!!
. Not sure I thought of myself as a "leader." Thought of myself as an apprentice.
that's weird as fuck. U think he's telling the truth? That's fucked up.man
what makes a cupcake "thoughtful"?? ;)
red album is hard as fuuuccckkk! Keep that boom goin son!
(2/2) of the docters that his arm is fucked up and he thinks he has torn something. So now he is injured. <EXTREME RULES 12>
thanks for the RT ... we are in the potters hands:)
GRIND TIME!
Today is a great day to be outside. Would you rather be at or ?
these vibes are everywhere
lol I've been pretty good just can't sleep so I got on twitter X) I gotta be up in 3 hours xD haha so how you been?
: CP3 just gave your boy Tony Allen the biz...
; Mine is broken ):
Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts-Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things scare you to death.
yeah yeah :)that put childress team in 1st for sadler and 2nd for dillion in point because james and brad are not fulltime
Mwahahah had a full on, unspoken blinking contest with some guy on the train. I WON
Like! Thanks for the fun times on Monday.
I don't think I want to live in a world where LinkedIn actually can have an influence on someone's professional success.
no rain. All sun. #toeontheline?
Careful XO, my inbox is flooded w/your indiscretions at Hayride. AFriedman, blacked out BEFORE getting on the bus? Senior transport? Uh oh..
Its a great benefit concert with lots of great local bands.
Oh that typo was gross. *who, not and
I agree, it makes me happy as well. Thanks so much!
Something going on pretty much every weekend until August. Let the summer madness begin!
Most times, use "to". "Too" means also/a lot. "Two" means one more than one.
YES. love dat song.
I don't think I've had this many near heart attacks since football season
Anybody home? I was enjoying your tweets! Hope all is well!
Having lots of stuff will not make you happy. Doing lots of stuff may.
Have you winterized your bike?
Why does everyone ask me if my husband is black?? Lol
I hate being tired
What a beautiful day!!! Come on ouit to Cowtippers and check out our daily specials! $Pinnacle Martinis and $5 House Mooritas...
The more people I follow on Twitter, the less I read from any one of them. This is a business model?
Everyone's a little more friendly on St. Patty's Day!
I've worn a black shirt everyday this week.
so, same number? Mrs I can't text anybody.
I wish i could rewind it bck
Kay. so I can either delete this account or give it to somebody else. does anybody want this account?
MEE!!!! :D that would be amazing!
Time is priceless. You can't own it, you can use it. You can spend it. But you can't keep it. Once you've lost it you can never get it back.
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I like alot of girls
Can't wait to go to the gym tomorrow. Hopefully im not as sore as I was today, tomorrow.
gah I love it! Right back at ya retard!
Why he just lie like that?
Shut up. I hate you. I had toast and instant coffee.
the main things you want to try and avoid are saturated fats, trans-fats, radiated foods, and processed foods.
The glasses you see are for decoration only, won't find water here!
better leave them dice alone
Exciting time of year
thanks for the tweet Andi!
Thanks for the follow!
It seems like I'm at that part of the night where I think about my life, direction, boys and music and try to decipher where it's going.
Madonna sang 3 songs with choirs, a matching band, and 3 other recording artists. Eastwood said "it's halftime" and totally dominated.
I will thanx :)
I wish this car radio would work
#cnnnye ;appy new year and peace for everyone
We are serving up our famous Texas Cheese Steak special today at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint! See you soon
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 Cent Wings
sorry it wasn't the VdeC. But damn, I love the Seco. But not as much as I love you too. XO
I'm hungry & upset not a good combo .
Q4 I refused to move for a job, but I was also willing to be more flexible in position/library type.
Hey Austin
i got ya...U got to come get it tho
thanks josh! tell some people, will ya? have a great one.
Webisode audition today...Time to Lock In!!
I am looking for a good affordable #acupuncturist in NYC, any suggestions?
sometimes when I lie to u.....its not to hurt u...its just cuz I don't wanna get in trouble
Actual forgetting would be as bad as the doing. "Forgetting" is just repulsive politics.
Thanks for checking us out! It means a lot!
All of a sudden we're left looking at ourselves in wonder of who or what we are turning into.
Welcome Larry..
Tomorrow night we celebrate the birthday of my good friend and aspiring house dj and producer Gonna be crazy!
Done with youtube and xbox
loll pussy smh -.-
lol aite, and a rain dance, if that's cool xP
Thanks, Cindy! :-) Have a blessed day!
You know, I honestly thought this #Julia everyone was talking about was the "composite" girlfriend of #Obama from his autobiography. Sorta.
I put my 2 weeks in at my job.
But University is more than about football
REALLY THO LOOK AT THAT PICTURE. JUST LOOK AT IT.
Hmm... Who wants to work with me!? :-) Have an opening.
if he wouldn't of ran, nothing would of happened or if it did zim would be in jail right now.
So true! It knows if we still need that validation and passes it on if that's where we're at. Love the TUT link - thank you!
Who would really want to be every man's dream?? You only get lusted after and not sought after.. -___-
The boys who you can have an on going conversation with al day and never get bord :)
not textin the guy u like at all cause u dont have his numbr
i<33 u soo much and todays my bday and it would be completely amazing& mean so much if u could wish me a happy bday
With 18 genres on ReverbNation, why does 'Comedy' has the fewest participants? Does this cheapen my reign as #1 comedy musician? Comments?
Just read your blog about what you learned! Great stuff! You will be missed! And thank you for supporting ! <3
HOLLA AT ME BOO HOLLA AT ME BABY
Drinkin' some Skinny Water! Trying to get work done before the game!
Life is like an onion: You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep
Hot weather in April = lady with her own lawn chair laying out in a bikini in front of the downtown library.
lol its cool you know how our phones get
Did you spell cum wrong?
Just left a gallery showing in North Hollywood with some friends. Saw some odd paintings, hippies and a few sunburnt mothers.
I miss
haha tectonic plates stuck in ur head
killing....a bottle.
I feel bad for the patriots owner though...
Dude, I keep saying that too! Following a pastor is ratings gold! But I'm thinking it would be cooler to follow
no dead animals, it's good karma
I have a baseball hit by E5 that gave my fiancé a ass bruise during BP at Camden yards. What's your bid?!
PLACES in our downtown gallery tonight, come by now for a glass of wine. Istanbul & Libre Commune at 7--come dive in!
RT IF YOU LOVE "MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE"...
You know you are a #DecArts nerd when you critique ballroom furnishings @ a wedding reception. (Is that a repro Federal inlaid side table?)
Pumped for in Vegas this weekend! Excited to see to see the DB guru Greg Brown.
glad you like our T's. Be sure to follow us so you can be entered in the win-a-shirt draw...
Better tv? LCD or LED? What would you buy?
Kiss Coffee will be closed today and tomorrow--Merry Christmas
you were at work
Why do I say yes to work on my day off whatever its been awhile since I worked an event at Soldier Field should be fun
Zimmerman was not drug tested b/c it was a cover up sadly. Understand Tray's fam frustration, but what can be done?
Swimming starts tomorrow
Sorry. I was hacked. I didn't send the message. I've changed my password. Hope you don't get more junk from me.
every Saturday now through March 17, except Christmas and New Year's Eves. 9 to noon. City Center, Rangeline - City Center Dr.
Always on the grind every day, every night with and
“: “: #ThingsThatPissGirlsOff guys. RT” no just you” you <3 me
Since when has Alex Jones' website been considered a reliable source?
Saucy Saturday! Spice Up your Look! #Salon Full Mens #Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color Specialist. #Oakland 5108321100!
we are good. Thanks for the offer tho
you don't understand how much I love this picture.
What to do...what to do...
My tutee is having trouble staying focused on the materials, due to personal problems. How do you keep students focused?
The new iPad's retina display: not impressed
jose preciado @ swtwtr authority is your biz partner? He's also officer?
Check out and follow for our daily dose of undead and horror news, reviews, videos, previews and much more!
That's how I read it.
HOW AMAZING, right?! obsessed. can't wait for more movies :)
Not a safety?
"end user services". Isn't it interesting that customers/users always seem to be put the end?
I have had a headache for over 12 hours! UGH!! Praying that I sleep it off!!!
WOW! That's bad. How did they get hired?
@ the end of the yr i'm thankful for all the positive ppl who hav supported or helped me in my life.
Taking shots !!!
We usually have bumper stickers and t-shirts at shows. We open American Falls on the 25th.
"You have to consume literature if you want to make it" Diana Son, playwright, speaking to our students for our arts festival.
Aww man no more ? :(
Class time
dance recital thing, performing in three dances uhh -.-
Gus Johnson is very happy Stokley coming back to Denver
Just finshed a photoshoot today it was amazing took alot of pictures of my hair today and got folowed by a celeb today,on twitter
Everybody RT the club follow
c Karen Lang hahaha.
#cyclechic: discovered that my vintage #isseymiyake jumpsuit paired w/ #rosherun kicks are perfect for warm weather urban
THX…Your up either very early or up very late. I guess this is normal for people from the land that birthed StarBucks
she said that too
no u don't
hahahah what did you get done?
Why is it so cold out!? Keeping sane - just walked to ballet class. Second paper is nearly finished.
let me know how it is...
Another useless law. Unless we put bullies infront of a Jury of their peers having such useless laws do the victems no good
congrats to and - the once and future new media directors for
I've had men before, he's just one more
I see money everywhere... ¥€$
They're hunting for bloggers using location and timezone searches. If others become 'Iranians' it becomes much harder to find them.
Mirko Pasta- Toco Hills The Masters is ON all week at the wine bar, come enjoy HALF OFF all beer & wine watch this timeless tradition.
Yeah, what a bunch of weirdos, with their imaginations, sense of wonder, and love for fiction and art.
Umbrellas are a death trap for tall people in NYC when it rains... There should be a PSA about that. "Short? Please lower your umbrella."
I see this everywhere in 2012. "Nothing in the world is more dangerous than a sincere ignorance & conscientious stupidity." MLK
Leebron: What if universities had emerged as for-profit institutions? What would higher ed look like today?
you'll have to let me know what you think after seeing this mom's situation. #Evicted It's on tomorrow night.
Thanks for the follow!
No problem. We all go through those phases.
LL Bean's "Boot mobile" was on Boston Common this weekend. AMC was delighted to participate. LL Bean is celebrating its 100th Anniversary!
Lost both games
I need sleep.
Segura: How would we pick people to put them on a committee? How would that committee reach consensus?
I know its ridiculously amazing!!
Sports Illustrated wants folks to choose its next cover - I say it should feature me and my couch
I'm so nervous aslfksf
"It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide on what to do."
lol no problem glad. Everything went well!!!
. i had been putting it off, so glad it's done! Cheap, too bc she's a friend of a friend.
Happy Founder's Day #KappaAlphaPsi!!!
That nigga Blake is a dman monster he just fucked gasol up wtf was he thinking
Gonna nap a bit, then gym…going to this huge family party tonight.
Yo , your followers are freakin me out.
sour cream and onion chips dipped in maynaise. Hahaha
Yeah I know. Lol! (:
Yes. And I have minions.
It was great seeing you too.
it's called companionship. The dogs love the rides and tourist love them--or most---not you.
Love the show but it's a bit weird when you address guys who call in as "honey". Maybe a Tennessee thing?
We are! See you there :)
Thanks:) RT happy mothers day sweetie .
I would love one!! #FollowMeAriana <3
I think I know the LSU plan to deal with What poor losers
Best part of the Halloween 5K at Disney is enjoying the Epcot International Food And Wine Festival after
Maybe we'll run into you at Magnolia Thunderpussy?
! tell you women i NEED to see her !
I haven't.
Can't wait to watch Demi & Britney on the X Factor! :D So exciting!
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. -Roger Staubach
As a hardcore g33k I have to thank you guys and tell you keep forging ahead. No challenge great program/GUI.
In the past we've gone to the Claddagh downtown on wednesdays at 8, but we've been talking about finding a new bar
Can't sleep. Not surprising.
I am currently running bespoke personal training sessions for just £20! Call 0208 940 5577 or private message me and book yours now!
I get to be a Country singer tonight! If you wanna hear some live Country music in Brooklyn, head to the Branded Saloon!
Aww Thx Manny. She was really sweet.
RT : Want to earn some extra money??? We are looking for guest bloggers for our online nursing community. Interested? email...
Q: Russians have sig naval bases in Syria on the Med Sea. Do we need to twist Russias arm if Turks are go for change in Syria?
Don't fucking K me.
of course it wasnt scary for u!!! its ur favorite ride dip shitt!!!
I love BVB they are awesome in every angle ...
oh well just ignore it and hang out with better people
So excited to start contributing to ! Geek power!
RT Why do people thank people for following them? Isn't twitter about following people?
A woman just gave me $2 so that I could ride the bus and not be late for class.
he should creep on this convo. This is the good stuff
Dear people, if you are not wearing any clothes in your profile pics - do not follow me please!
Valentines day is in 2 weeks & the only thing I love is my dog............
We'd like to welcome all our musician and geek friends back from #sxsw. Now come get some copies! We're bored!
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.- William Shakespeare
Xocai gains 128% in mlmrankings. See what it's all about! W.myxocai.com/71376
Man, this mexican has me laughing for days. #sofunny. ;D
We are so excited to welcome Greg Clancy of the to coach us this weekend at our annual retreat!
my traps are sore as fuck from tuesday :s
Boosie found guilty on three charges of unlawful facial similarity to Flavor Flav
I didn't know
I've always heard of it referred to as "black hat," but "black cat" sounds more vicious. :)
It's a great day filled with potential.
???? Just laying here thinking ? ???
To make your life count for something, forget about the failures of the past and focus on the opportunities of today.
twitter is lame AF lol everybody cares about them selves
Okay, no more telling you who is winning! But keep telling people about the contest! I'll be checking!
Thanx ;p I'm pretty fond of them myself lol
Salute to PLUR
We make realities out of our dreams and dreams out of our realities. We are the dreamers of the dream. - Roald Dahl
If there's nothing missing in my life, then why do these tears come at night?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> RT : so obsessed with
C'moon, give me specifics. Tell me all about how attractive this student is. *rubs hands together, leers*
Currently hiring IT Business Analysts in multiple industries! Let me know if you're looking to make a
Some of it is a function of what I calling the tinkling ice in the highball glass syndrome
CANT WAIT TILL I JOIN MY OVERDUE FAM
"If at first you don't succeed, redefine success"
? Vick, A. Johnson, CJ2K, Blount, Moreno. Must keep three. Vick, Johnson and CJ2k? Only ask cuz of possible hold out of CJ2K.
Commission meeting in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
018 is the virt one to get to #EMCCA, 918 is the ITaaS one to get to #EMCCAe. Know anyone who's taken it? Hints wanted
ur great comical relief
Had a good night out with the boys. Mad fun.
hot fire
Marquee erectors required May 2012 and dates throughout the summer. Previous experience helpful but not essential 01636 701702
"The reptilian wisdom of Yankeedom"
You can use KeyMetric to optimize Microsoft adCenter campaigns by seeing which keywords are generating conversions and phone calls.
Good intro? It must grab my attention & keep it: questions; stories; cold, hard facts--but write in THIRD person (for now)
Happy New Year!
Happy Thanksgiving! Hope you all enjoy the time with friends & family!
yelp let's you use yr phone's gps 2 search what you're looking 4 & read members reviews of said places.
um, no. But so cool because it was a complete surprise
But they also choose fascinating topics I wouldn't have necessarily thought of. Up today: case study on Victorian gift books.
I'd be pretty happy with Michael Floyd.
you're almost here man. It's already 80 and clear skies
needed Shaq and the refs. They all have a history of losing.
Just accidentally triggered Dashboard for the first time in years. Forgot that was still a thing.
O.o you listen to that song?
Because it was blocked by republicans. If they had gotten anything done it would look good for the Democrats.
Really enjoyed your final mock. Good trades for MIN and BUF. Would be shocked if Kuechly fell that far though.
absolutely love it and have recommended it for my team and others at work.
heading to Agent Provocateur today and finally buying the underwear I deserve.
Oh, that is the easies! He digs me. Call this done.
You almost don't believe what you're seeing.... Is it bad to hope that it's the real mom and kid?
Sick af & don't feel like dressing up today so I'm wearing sweats . Fck it.
Hallelujah! RT : I love my sat Mornings they are dedicated to loyal older women who tip well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
That's what I'm talking about :)
welcome to Twitter Betty Ann. A particular challenge for US Givens. 140 characters or less;)
need to find my next project.
Good morning, everyone!
Neither. There was probably a fee-for-art requirement. Developers like bronze statues of children & cultural icons
Tomorrow the 20th <U+25CF> Taste of Africa, 6pm – 8pm @ Vandy Cabaret Room. Experience and enjoy food from different African countries!
Link is giving us "oops..." bloody beavers!
#Vikings pull highway robbery on #Browns just for one spot. Wow. Cleveland really is getting paranoid about Trent Richardson.
Jeanie Ward, author and 10 year breast cancer "thriver," delivers a well-written "eye opening" article after her own urgent eye doctor...
Time to hit the pool!
PLEASE , FOLLOW ME (:
now all u need is that mini bar to be free
the weather is crazy if your hot and we're cold. freaky!
Best of you - foo fighters
get it homie!!
Absolutely. DM me your email, we can look at some home games.
Mortensen remains lodged in Goodell's butt.
Christmas in July. Present arrives on a jetplane :)
are you watching the #Grammys?
^_^ hope your surgery goes okay!
I want those oysters! Happy Florida-ing! Wish you were a few more miles inland :)
“: Summer nights, Everybody's feelin' sexy. #RascalFlatts”
+1000 I think the offices should have bunk desks. We'd have so much more room for activities!
Sales are on and both and are down.
1) Your tweets are awesome 2) Everyone knows the *real* 3rd line is, "Petrified elephant feet " ;)
to all you lovely vintage hounds who've been anxiously awaiting our 1st major unveiling, 100+ pieces going online next week!
You hate people in general.
Something Positive Comes Out Of Every Negative. Mine Came At The Perfect Time.
Wow!! Hey super star!!! Americas One woman News crew!! Wrecking Mad-Town with the latest breaking News!!! #awsome!!
yeah, i liked how canter (a friend) was so matter-of-fact...i've always felt that way...esp after reading his book
Movie marathon while writing my senior paper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i'm slightly annoyed now .
At the Museum of American Art's gamer symphony orchestra. Packed. Cosplayers. Lots of older people who might have misunderstood the theme.
you don't follow me xx
Easy to be the best distributor when we have amazing partners like yourselves!
I guess it does make me more grateful for all our good ones :)
Birthday on May 17th just wish had a concert!
The Main Event.
#emiertmw12 want to get involved in your organization? join committee to plan our 30th anniv event in anaheim
I always love when I say goodbye to a bride at the end of the night, her hair and makeup looks just as good as when I started
S/O to all of our followers! We have great opportunities coming for y'all soon!
#New website coming soon!
like legit I would if I could
heard u were going to b at MSU....u get #hangovers right? Want some samples of our all-natural hangover supplement??
If you can't shoot a man in cold blood on a public street, next they'll make us all buy broccoli.
#gwu this week can be stressful trying to finalize your schedule but come in and try the Cuban sandwich at
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction. ~ Oscar Wilde
Come party with me for my bday tonight!! Love yaa!
I always see my self smile now u should always smile just for me.
Fun day at NCMP today
yes, taking one for the team ;-)
research shows that grades do down when the team does well.
Great meeting you IRL yesterday. Look fwd to more collab!
a part of my soul was demolished when that building came down. Pouring out a fire sauce packet for TBell's ghost
Congrats on the success. It's all well deserved. What site will you be writing for now?
You and I might be the only people in America who can say that.
Here we go boys #flyers time
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 83
why not? in one sense it&#39;s the cruelest thing possible but he feelings wow! the power of love lol can you connect with me on im sti…
I just wanna sleep . .
hmm?... well im here in class and somthing is going on n there not telling me wat can it be?... /:
T It Forward - a suggestion from PGA. Great idea! Makes golf more fun for a large number golfers. Any comments?
Agreed! Let's make it fabulous RT : Another day, another chance to make a difference!
I'd love to read a copy when it's 'share ready' as I like to say.
the fact she says hurtful things though just makes me love them more, if that's even possible.
Damn he wont me on twitter nomore..
Alright. Tomorrow's classroom experiment will be using for during-reading Scholar Check-ins
Really touching story, Eric. Thanks for sharing.
you know what that means, bad news for the rest of the league.
I finally got a chance to watch this -- it is fantastic and quite VOLUMINATING. ;)
Good luck; hope it's productive. ^SM
Uhm, can you guys say TOMORROW?! and <-- Have fun today! :D
Every #child has a light inside themselves that needs to be turned on!
again, thanks so much, I appreciate it!
i just did for the first time. too dope. hes a good comedian too
So does anybody wanna take me to playlist live? :D
I remember kindergarten where you actually got to do things, not like today. Now that's graduate school. - Alan Kay
good morning...im currently tired as fuck;)
Happy Monday everyone! What are your plans for the 4th of July? Click "Like" if you will be serving our Crisps at your party!
Glad you could join us!
Independence is happiness. — Susan B. Anthony
My four-year old has a "magic sorry"-replete with Doug Henning hand gestures)-that he claims is enough to make up for any indiscretion.
Best part about #Avengers is that the aircraft they flew looks like Serenity.
Cinthia and Nick
Percy calls the POTUS & threatens to set off a nuclear explosion unless his demands are met = #Nikita is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 8/7c!
Ohh..... Well tell Rachel that's nasty.
#Literature class with my favorite prof. Let's see how this goes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Oh yes, that's so great to hear! We love that kids love our restaurant!! Which location do you all usually visit?
We'll have a bike corral again :) RT : Can't wait to ride my new bike to the You bet I'll be there on May 19!
If I called you a boob, would you hold it against me?
port au prince Pink Motorbike - Kiss ! :P
i need followers people follow me who are big fans of chloe moretz!
Freaky that it's almost April already! Where does that sweet time go?
Heyy Can You Follow Me??(:
Thanks for bringing her in!! Happy Birthday to her!
Cintolo: "In Judge Wolf’s courtroom two and two always adds up to four ... You will see that the evidence adds up to not guilty."
Just looked over finances for the past few months... turns out I'm single-handedly keeping Shell gas stations and Starbucks in business.
I want a Kings/Rangers #StanleyCupFinal. NY vs LA... CANT WAIT!!!
Staying afloat? Yep, sounds like Southside to me.
Drinking at the bar. Played Jumper by Third Eye Blind. One of my most fav songs.
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s good looking. We’re not just saying that bc he’s our CEO. (OK, we are, but whatever).
just buy Little Debbie and make it easy on yourself.
there should be birthday party and we should provide the cake!
U guys did great on a very bet Christmas love u guys
Applications to audition for #LastComicStanding are due TODAY at 4pm!
Thinking about my pre-grad school job helps me stay positive about my current job.
Do Any Of #WildcatsInMotion Got My Phone.? lol Can I Have My Shit.??
RT I'm the kid who could be a lot smarter if I applied myself.
Who should you see for jaw pain? primary doctor, EENT specialist or dentist?
Have a great weekend everybody.. Remember, pick up a pair of 67 boots for the holidays! They make a great gift :)
Finally got to watch He asked for more. :-)
Ok maybe weeding all of the P's was a bit ambitious for my lady few weeks at UDC...
Nice! RT 5th largest crowd in Carrier Dome history for this game vs. Louisville!
The North Korean everyone loves to hate has died today at 70. Too bad he got to live that long. Honor his death by watching Team America.
#TigerBeatLovesASW All The Way!!!
Watching glee from the very beginning :) :)
Nourez I'm more found of the PS3 exclusives and I'm not a fan of the social aspect of the 360
Whoa! Wish I was down there to run into them!
Yeah Bitch
Going to teach myself CAD
I assume it was Tommy H?
I hella just woke up frm a two hour nap
I have to say #Pinterest is a mess. I keep trying, it keeps f'n up. I might be done w this mess.
Look. I'm a Directioner. I don't need a quiz to prove that I am.
Locks frozen here at work this morning. Hot coffee opened the first one. Propane torch for the rest.
Mac Race! (via )
Modern Fam tonight makes me wanna go back to Disneyland
today was a good day :-) now im off to bed.
Leaving work early to catch flight means missing 's infamous "grown up" pinata filled w/ candy & small plastic bottles of booze.
i'll be watching the game on ESPN3 while working the front desk at the Lon Morris library.
feeling good this morning.hope all have a blessed day
"I'm going to do everything i can to stop it right here in the senate...that's not what this country stands for."
:D my cousin so made my day!
hahahahaha that's me
Oh darn, mine is too small:( Maybe next time around:)
Loved seeing you talk about the Pacers and saying they will win tonight! GO PACERS
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. - Erica Jong
.-+.+- THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thanks! You were the first to alert me that it ran today!
Can't sleep now.
wow.. but I was talking to Maurice and they had a trainer meeting Tuesday he said we ain't gettin no bonus fam...
that is okayy! :)) And awesome!! Cant wait!
#thatannoyingmoment when someone buy an item that costs 1$ and pays with a 20..
Seeger: PR is about understanding audiences.
It's good when you can move into 'move along' mode at home!
WOW SO WRONG ON MANY LEVELS : Santorum: Obama's worldview upside-down; Says "radical environmentalists" don't view Earth serving Man
“: thanks for the RT! ^TO” Sharing In It All! ;)
oh, nice! im back this day two weeks! just in time for a gig, when you want a cutting dear?im taking bookings in bodyshock now =)
MT : Reimagine #tzedakah 4 the 21st century. Enter now , an awesome new project of !
Im trying to step my instagram game up very new to it. User name is cippycup.
You are your best source of EMPOWERMENT! You have it all, NOW!! Step into your (you're) MAGNIFICENCE!!
"Get a code sample" is one of the best pieces of dating advice I've ever received.
been crazy busy this week!!!
: Is that word making a come back cause you not the first person I done heard use that
my new twitter handle -
searching for a buyer/ procurement manager w/ heavy contract writing experience $$$ send resume to
I just found out about that a few weeks ago. LOL
congrats bro your team is the first one in the second round
I can't even watch a damn YouTube video without the same ad 45 times. I know why both candidates suck, I've been hearing it for 6 months now
Back amongst the peoples, where it belongs RT : The Proletary is back!
thanks for telling
Totally. You'll get the results at the time you're supposed to get them :)
A #book isn't an insoleted being: is a relation, an axis of countless relations. - Jorge Luis Borges
Girl: ur so random.:) bt i love tht about u. boy: thts me never the same twice always doing an sayin something diffrent.
Chris Bosh obviously should have won the MVP
Ugh, I don't want to do it, but I think I need to. This is dumb, and it shouldn't have happened. We can fix it.
Always glad to RT yours! Glad you do's what you do!
5 Unposter Elements = Introduction, Materials and methods, Results, Outstanding issues or conclusions and Key literature
Ah-nold and his "I survived Maria" tshirt can go cry in his Wheaties.
Symphony Crack going HAM in the lab..
And rightly so!! Go Caps!
nice! i take it you went to the classes?
as we all know, public health hates america
thought you to work at the jail
Thanks for the follow! We will check out your merch!
but like where us it filmed omg
And after that, thats when I put the headphones in, go to sleep and listen to the good music provided by
Like Stephanie. Do an extra rep for us today.
Hi Donny! We are showing darling Sebastian tonight at 8 on KPDX and at 10 on Fox12 :) Thank you for sharing the cute pic!
spending time with adrian
munching on carrots
depends on whether DeNiro and/or Pacino are signed on... it's semi-large budget.... are you coming to Vegas for CES?
sounds like that's the business to get into - or is it?
I disagree. The Dems should bring their messages and platform to NC. No sense going Big Sort on this.
Even if you lose everything, u'll always be me.
Cheers to our artworks! :))
Pencils make mistakes that's why erasers are manufactured!
we are blocked on Broadway and beaver
i want to go home :(
I <3 jeans days ! Always a special treat :)
RT : Enjoy a fabulous cuisine that will make your taste buds asking for more at The Old House Restaurant. 505-995-4530
Who is going to the wine and chocolate tasting at the Silver Spring Drive in Whitefish Bay tonight? Should be delicious!
Love is foolish ... but I still might try it sometime. ~ Floyd
MINK ultra lounge tonight!!.....
you're welcome:D and thx too! <3 hugs! See u later
I JUST MET A CAT I CAN'T FORGET THE TIME OR PLACE WHERE WE JUST MET SHE'S JUST THE CAT FOR ME AND I WANT ALL THE WORLD TO SEE WE'VE MET
Working hard for Brody's party tomorrow!!! #DrSeuss!
Shout out to for the wake up pic on her default... NICE!
I think I'm a little nervous for tonight.
Correct - NOLA attendees can access the virtual conference archive after 7/18
Aaawww! Brings memories when we wre the "Fantastic Four" "Charlie and his Angels"
i think we should do camp shabbat soon with only the camp songs!
No more redbox. You only get to watch 70% of the movie.
And that was 's #FF mad libs edition. Join us tomorrow with your bike!
lol naw it's possible I know some ppl that's real close like that
why is your site marked private now by wordpress?
Can U Please Help Me Get Jaden Smith's attention
I am definitely doing What's in a Name 5 Challenge!
no. yeast is not meant to be frozen.
Did you know - #DorothyHeight received awards from multiple presidents! Do you know which presidents they were?
you should've gone! then we could become international party people<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2><U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Now would be the perfect time for my beats...my sister and dad are annoying the fuck outta me.
Cutting prints and watching the online! I wish I was in the water!!
#owasp Orlando Things I liked: Appsec Trivia. This is just fun! Need fewer questions and more time to discuss answers though.
lol...Girl you know it does!..lol SMH too many darn times. :)
RT : I thought it was on Sundays, now it is on Monday <<<<Tuesday
hell yeah ! & did you do that today ? You look awesome !
sure why not(x
Good Morning loves hope everyone enjoys this beautiful day
hair appointment in an hourish. any style you'd like to suggest? :)
I'm interested! thanks!
Me, too. :( RT : If there were three of me...my to-do list would be DONE.
Parappa vs. Kratos!? If it plays the way it should, I can't wait. Rhythm vs. QTE: who will triumph?
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
Wrote a 300+ line Python program yesterday (which works great!) entirely in nano. Who needs an IDE?
Had so much fun at prom 2011 last night!!! Thanks to everyone who voted for me for king, shoutout to my "subjects" long live the king!!
I'm not shocked , lol
Saturating myself in preperation for a new voiceover gig {for feature film 'The Advocate"} for tomorrow!
I plan to see the new star wars, forthwith, or not
already ;D
as a cute person- thanks!
Uh Oh, Trey Deliriouss.
I want to move. I'm finding it harder to wait for that.
I dont give a shit what anyone says tiny dancer is an amazing song # notsorry
RT : Woke up giving no fucks ....
What a productive day at the Educator Excellence Task Force meeting in Sacramento. Awed by the wisdom, talent in the room.
Did you see that is giving away a Bordy bobblehead!
God point!! But it is SoCal - a little sun wouldn't kill me. RT Would you prefer hottest and muggiest? ;)
How did everyone enjoy their Easter weekend?
Paper submitted with 35mins to go! Fuck yeah! Last assignment of the semester!
im a renegade of Funk!
Hi & of the 3, Denis Johnson is a writer who's long deserved it; yay to SmallBeerPress; many great books & what a wasted chance
2nd Annual Euchre Tournament in VictorWayne County Life - euchre
I can already see how this will go.
Working it out... S/O to TeamTrickyBizness...
if that d-bag goes free. Lots of people will take the law into their own hands from now on
she probably doesn't rlly check her DMs…only tweets<U+2665>
omg me too. Im just glad I'm not at school
deal! When your big race coming soon?
Interesting! I wouldn't have thought of her, but now that u mention it, I agree.
italians lemons: 1 tree, 3 seasons = 3 different lemons
shittiest mood ever. attempting to sleep this away
Kerry walks Furcal on 4 pitches. Command just been terrible all year.
livin in the moment
When will you both be in The Bean? And where are we having dinner?
What fun is a career if it isn't challenging? :)
Negotiating #Pinterest for the first time...
no, im from Brazil ): did you get?
#tastingthetown in the lake houston area was an incredible success! Thanks to all our sponsors,vendors, attendees and God for all u did!
Wish i was apart of those 5000. :C
you still sick? Hope you're feeling better!! Xo
its hard to stay focus but its all about learning how to balance your life
You are 25+ and livin at home with your parents and free loadin. Now
Not kidding, I voted for Geno 40 times yesterday. My finger still hurts from all the clicking!
at wrk just say hey
C'mon #Brewers. We need one of those six-run innings!
Quite possibly prominent fashion designer suitcases in the- suitcases
Today is the day for people to piss me the fuck off.
This guy looks like a fashion mashup btwn Purple Rain era Prince and Bruno Mars. It's weird, and wonderful!
can't wait to hear the results! What's your go-to coffee of choice?
Kuzz i dont trust these bitches.. (:
Thrilled to be cast in the next mainstage production at , "The Magic Bullet Theory" playing a Texan government spook.
Graduation tonight. As you all know, I've been waiting for this moment for forever! Love you guys!
Yes. Im finger painting hahaha
Thanks for standing by me, for all the support & RTs from those continuing to do so while the laptop is being repaired greatly appreciated.
RIGHT NOW #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT / 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga
Thanks, glad to hear you like it here! RT : Pizzas are definitely #fresh out the oven there! Nice vibe also.
Back then hoes ain't want him, now he's hot, hoes all on him... Who? Mike Mains
Appreciated... You moved me a lot!
Im not giving up.
stop that!
So I find out when I cancelled my Service Magic account 2 yrs ago they never removed my info and have siphoned business from me ever since
War #TeamJolene co-hosting with
On the music menu today: örhead sounds good to me!!
awesome to hear :) thanks for coming by!
SHE STARTED iT!...
I'm going to the movies later with my friends Kayla and Joe to see Date Night... I can't wait! :)
Ok old a$$ movies on the set gotta go have a night like no other people!!! Retro inspirations ahead:)))) peace cinema and hope
im multitasking between twitter, survivor, homework, and desperate housewives LOL
*iPhone falls to the floor* Breaks screen. *android falls to the floor* Breaks floor.
new to twitter :) please follow me?!
you're only partially listening to joe if you feel that way.
para-para-paradise; every time she closed her eyes.
sucks off all night
;P Soo? What Time Should I Come Over Your House Tomorrow?
and there yyou go! :)
“: Great session today. #XXIII ” Agreed!
RT Standing for #Liberty in America: “I Want Your Money” - goo.gl/l9f1L #Vote2012 LOL!
Chillin like a villain. Joining the iPhone family soon
Yeah and some indie stores had a limited edition lithograph with purchase. Very smart and thoughtful promo.
Hahaha, yeah, too many condoms.
Haha yes, I think it'll be nice for me to try out a new city. It was a really, really tough choice, though!
hahah well thanks :)
15 minutes to go! Looking for 50 Dream Makers. Show & some love. Call 800-457-KIDS NOW and become a Dream Maker!
derp. no. the butt thing was due to sliding down the huge metal side of that bridge in millennium park. in a skirt.
How was your day. :)
If any policy is wrong as unconstitutional our duty is to oppose. Once that distinction is lost, the rest is expediency, opinion and polls.
thanks, that means a lot. I know right now is really hard but I'm here for you, anytime <3
john phillips and Manuel johnson were also part of that draft class. Buehler is gone.
Nelson Winners -CA- Martin, Treasurer-Johnson, Super South Saunders
I hate group projects with a passion -__-
#FYCchat How did you learn how to teach, solely from your mentor? Research on your own? Were your peers int. in pedagogy?
Oh man, I haven't seen the trailer yet! I should hunt that down...
mr lekousis tryna identify whales.. Hope the loins r in the healin process
Last night at was an amazing experience. S/o to
I actually am following you.. Already
I can't wait till school ends though!
Grill has to go, but I do like this song.
Ahaha Up is so funny..... squirrel!!
Much more than you think. Latest poll has Walker up by 9 points.
Free yogurt tonight at the grand opening of Menchie's in the highlands! 6-8pm
I see what you mean - single-spaced looks a little dense.
we listen. Start talking.
Why does homework have to be so stressing?
Yo mamma is so skinny that she uses a cheerio as a hula-hoop.
hello Lauren! do you work w ? I'm at GSFC and work on enterprise social media and have been to a few NASA tweetups...
Loving this weather, first week at the new job has been good!! SDOE
minus one! Wish I could have joined
Have an awesome day :)
oops..remember to keep it on the down-low, else might find out
Sounds like you need a mental health day dear.
I still freak out every time i hear one direction on the radio... (:
How's everyone's #NaPoWriMo going? I'm a bit behind. 6 poems to go with 4 days left.
I love you Madisonn<3 hope you had a good day(:
what did you finally hit 2,000
Has everyone enjoyed the sessions so far? Y'all are pretty quiet on Twitter, so hopefully you're just totally engrossed. ;)
As it turns out it didn't matter
I really want to go somewhere this summer...
Beautiful evening; sunny and warm today, but not hot yet. Cool out right now. Enjoy it now, because soon it will be hot, hot, hot.
Groundswell for NFL-type playoff...does he really believe that? If so, he lives in a cave.
This man has outstanding taste! RT Everyone follow and my favourites!
that nigga took yo shit and being and gave it back p.s
how are you? :)
I never cared if I gambled just as long as I was there,its my fav place 2 be in the whole world. Tackle 4 m ...
haha alright no van for you :P lol but ok last car question :P what's your dream car that you always wanted :) ?
that was so sweet. Ben has a good friend.
Don't eat fried Rice and mentos b4 going to the gym. I haven't tried that hard NOT to throw up since I accidently saw my grandma's vagina.
hahaha Glad I'm not the only one!
Edwin McCain . <3
a fool wit it..
"Making a difference is making someone better than you found them"
"All things are possible through Christ our lord who givs me strength" Phil 4:13
so it looks like we're going USE_TZ=False on because it already used timezones :-)
did it really??
#Obama you DISGRACE THE USA with your support for faggs and lesbo's .....your a sick president ....sad
i always got your back coc
Crazy day yesterday
WHITEwater RT : I'm gonna need #TeamTurnUp to come out to Whitewater sometime lol
YoU gOttA FoLLoW n ThEy'LL fOllOw BaK x3 >>...
Wondering why #Portland doesnt have a WPS team. Seems like a perfect fit. Portland Thorns?
the psycho bitches!
Love it! RT ": RT : Rams entering contract talks w/atlantas les snead to make him teams new gm
There's a chance w/machines that a virus will be created to shut them all down. But they could prob create a virus to shut us down too :/
awesome ! we'll be back in a couple days :)
Hope to see everybody out at the LSU vs Florida game this weekend!!! -Evan
agreed, go with Bao!
Looking for the perfect company to complete our tenant roster
So sad to not be at c. What was I thinking?
Last year. Lots of people cared.
When you start hearing curse words in your mind, it's time to turn that plate over.
Still high from last night performance & gotta look at this contract now
RT : Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please. ~Mark Twain
Let's go Flyers!
Good Morning!!!!!
thanks girl....
You go out in public and don't shower in 3 days,
Sitting in the Board Room in Mason Hall. My 5yr-old son looks at the portrait of GMU's President and says: "He looks like a leprechaun"
Nice Weather in NY ;)
Ill never write a song wont even sing along
if you use Tweetbot, just tap and hold a tweet and it will give you an option to save links to whatever service you choose. :)
Life may hand me a bag full of lemons but I am plenty old enough to go buy a gallon of Jose and knock back a helluvalot of shooters!
the sun is out. but its still cold out this bitch
Not yet! We'll keep it in mind if we get any car models that start with "O"
We build. We create. We don't wait! Viva TFOS!
now THAT is tweet worthy.
Thanks! You guys rock!
Bmore Mayor George William Brown, city council, the police commissioner & Francis Scott Key's grandson were detained there!
Green Insight: 70% of consumers consider themselves "Sustainable Mainstream"
no one bother texting me.phones cut off.
easy. Castro has WAY more fans in the US.
YO, bring your ass here for my bday and we can make a gang trip to Chick-fil-A. There's one AND a Sonic w/in 5 mins of my apt.
Thanks for the follow.
Bwahaha. Love to see movies of women grabbing for it.
we could have a mtg at relay for life tomorrow! I know would approve!
Looking forward to presenting at MCN Atlanta: Trickle up, Trickle down: Collaboration at local, regional and the national levels.
you two gonna cuddle tonight?
I love a good battle!!
When's the all clear to venture out in my Derby Sombrero!?
RT : "Write your Plan in Pencil But Give God the Eraser" (via )
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 90
lol...OK well let me think about this then:)
good! I was about to cry lol
Were all the AASL awards announced yet? Anyone know?
A part of me wonders who is babysitting Malia and Sasha, and if they're watching the #SOTU too.
#cxo - Hey all, glad to be here :) My is acting up, so I may have some late replies...
Austin Is our World .<3
Thank you, Wishing you a great day!
So #ReadyOrNot Meeks best track off the tape?
HWI...countdown is on...Only SEVEN more days!!!!
Hahahahah what a fucking joke.. Get a clue
Colin Powell~ There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation hard work and learning from failure.
Thank you, Patrick!
wont see my request and i have no chance of skyping him.....
Thank you
try to make it once a year, preferably in the summer. And yourselves?
You're right to be proud! This from a third-generation ad guy always looking for talent. Thanks for State of Union distraction.
ask he will know!
NYC here I come! where can a faghag go for fun drag queen kareoke?
Congratulations love!!!!!
So much for that I quess.! :(
HAHAH I AM ALIVE! I've been watching a movie with my dad lol.
It's not just one bill. It's been bill after bill after bill after bill he's been wrong on.
Are you interested in Helping with ? Contact CoCo @ 202-534-8151
Met some aweseome followers this week!
thats cute hahah! I will suggest that(: tumblr is a smart place to look
On a design binge today - totally revamping the FuseBox site.
thank you!
Today's #writetip: resist the urge to respond to every criticism. You can't debate your way out of a bad review.
Paul Ryan must have failed math class! Sad to say we're both in Wisconsin!!!
If Foursquare created a coupon model a la Groupon for check-ins, would that be a Groupon killer?
RT : You hire for attitude and train for success you cannot train what HR does not catch! <My fave quote from
He can't be worth my time, because I'm obviously not worth hiss.</3
"i may think with my penis but at least i think" gotta love two and a half men.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My time. I don't give it to just anybody so if you get it, u know you're important. Please don't waste it.
are you my cousin?
Diablo these girls tweet the same quote shit like stop stealing quotes from them parody pages
IM RIPPED LOL
Some ppl have all the luck when it comes to love
Nick Stahl is apparently missing. Has someone questioned Clancy Brown?
Sounds like someone is in #Kipcamp heaven.
i love finding directioners on omegle :)
I agree!
Tweeting power yeehaaw!!
Just had a little bday tap session with my little one! Damn does time fly...
dude stop taking out your shit on me. go play some more black ops.
Let's talk! Follow for DM...
The answer to everyones problems ": okay this aint gonna work i need to cum..."
Great Pic I agree.Go Pack Go.
ive had a bottle of champagne ready for 25 years. is it really happening or is oprah pulling a jay leno?
Going to Africa - Senegal in 30 days to shoot a documentary! Getting Malaria shots tomorrow...
I'm shocked at how great all the guys are on idol. What a pleasant surprise.
The show was amazing...big ups to edify2
Check out our latest websites. SpectrumPI.com, CoferInvestmentGrp.com, DouglasvilleB2B.com.
Two can play that.game .
Had a great business idea this weekend. I'm gettin ready to write out a business plan, so that I can start make my own money.
Must be human beings that audience sympathize with.
RT : The way you see people is the way you treat them. -- Zig Ziglar
The adventure begins #sanfrantoday :)
Scott, would love to include you as a source for article on media outlets picking up other outlets' satirical stories as real...
Hell yess! Goo packers!
yeah, this is pretty wild. I only go out for starbucks and sushi on San Mateo Ave.
is an amazing boyfriend! :)
Nothing does the trick like a 2nd floor window table overlooking Lake Mendota.
No school tomorrow
thanks awesome!!! Feel free to tell your friends :)
The story you are about to see is a fib. But it's short. The names are made up but the problems are real.
Im re-living all the pain of losing the most important person in my life.
what up Purrp!
Now THAT is rain.
it's too bad bella never gets an I CANT CHOOSE speech because jacob is never a serious contender
Red Box.
you know a tea has become more like an art than a drink when you enjoy it on a 90s+someDegree night. *sips her hot Constant Comment tea.
Back in Ann Arbor. Time for another "unpack/repack" episode.
I missed my 9000th tweet thanks to Instagram <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol
school & work & stuff. where have you been?
i wishh i could be spending mothers day with my mom. ill see her soon though /:
: The Big V? I get it as often as I can ===> "big V"- I was gonna tweet, no one would get it
I thought the point was to treat women as equals. If not, then I did miss the point.
We got some new shit comin your way REAL soon, yeaahhhhh
Less than an hour away from Strauss veal at !!! Yum!
Adele,can sang she's such a lovely voice
For every person that retweets this status i will throw a skittle at my sister in law while she tries to read harry potter.
Ah I hate spiders!
Just got up and might hang with BF...maybe a good day
Ugh. How crazy is Giroux going just watching this game right now? Brutal.
Awesome!! Loved that film!!
Awesome, old-school, off-the-eyebrows hook. Better in the old days, of course, without helmets
tell spencer keep his head high Bro, as long as he put it all out on the court hes a winner, physically and mentally
from an album the school jazztet did
put a chicken in the pot
It's never good when u don't get a response lol
Guess who's on the streets though. Tip got my license biotches!!!!
Good tips & resources to play with from Table for One session.
Let's bring this back to L.A.
I followed :)
is ready for Rock on the Range 2012. If I can just get Stevo to stuff the audio recorder up his ass we are set.
44-17 MIL this one is over
So your an A&R Consultant? Can I send beats to you?!
Disservice when putting "social impact" concept in a separate, "precious" space. Suzanne #integration of
I got the perfect prank to pull today
Hump Back!
so glad that #letsgetobstinate has inspired you to end your 13 month drought on Twitter!
Scramble with friends is like suppppperrrr duppperrrr FUN!! Talk about testing your vocabulary skills. Wheeww. Very challenging
yep im not listening to him :-)
welp u can sit there n wait, n ill bring her to u..no need to change places...
Tomorrow we go back into the studio. We'll be posting updates on our progress through here (twitter), so keep your eyes open :) We love you!
So ready this! $$$ RT : More tickets for the Pink Friday US Tour go on sale this Sat, the 12th.
chads a bitch
"I wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then"
thank you mam!
After reigning victorious last night in the weekly hold em league, looking forward to watching the Jackets clinch their 1st playoff spot!!!
I just checked it out! Its nice. I was looking at the models etc...too
Bee-U-ti-ful shot, Kay!
Nothing like starting your week with a blue screen of death. I just wanted to charge my ipod... Come on!
Our fund raiser raised $3k for High Tech High Int and had 75 people. Thank you all for the support. we have the best clients!!
Again, what does that have to do with the killing if Trayvon Martin? What's your point?
congratulations on your graduation!
"Harry was attacked by a goat when he was 10." LOL. I would love to see this!
MS VALLEY GUARDS ON THE TAKE?
I'm coming out
well, based on presidence, I figure $20mil to exit BE. In addition, who knows for a friend. That's a lot
See you for the double feature this weekend :)
Time to let my mind wonder about what to change in my classroom/teaching in the new year
RT : #HappyMother'sday ! #Motherhood is the most sacred profession.
thanks for sharing
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 97
but paris hilton is going to be at the kaskade show. the kaskade show that I'M GOING TO.
haha Greg this is not the real jeremy lin! 2 for $15 is truly the greatest trade ever
Scratch that - this is the John Lucas game.
I cut my thumbnail too short so I might as well drop out of college and school some people on how self-immolation is done.
Heartened to know about coop btw Internet Arch & UCSC. ... A silent Dead archive site would be a very sad thing indeed
yes. A taste of their own medicine. ;-)
i love watching abit of devvo at 10 in the morning haha!
i thuggs with the new twit name gucci haven bur
Bo, all good. Just killing time.
so um LEAD is at the student center, not the house... um yea... thanks for the ride anyways
Some of the highlights from this report include the popularity of games by platform and stats on the top publishers
Watch BOYFRIEND Video. Beliebers, Haters, Everybody watch the video. We need to have 5.8 million+ views in 24 hours to break the record.
So, I was going to post on ROD yesterday, but then I was dumb and ate pizza, giving myself a migraine in the process. TODAY, THOUGH.
Of course they do, having the greatest player of all time and the best center in the league, with their playoff experience?
For what helmet?
you dont look that bad haha :p
hahahahah no way. ARKANSAS RAZORBACK FAN.
it's not a freeroll dummy. Booked or not. Valid for 2minutes.
"Bananas have changed so much I don't know whether I'll like them in 10 yrs." -Some guy I overheard who obviously needs more to worry about.
how do you make a trend im new to twitter??
youtube this...debt=money...check out the banking secrets
Wow why can't there be nice guys around here who like the same music as me?
you got it done deal
When reads my texts but doesn't text back<<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
fine fine..beautiful our names<U+E057>
We've spent more time discussing this than we spent discussing how to get peeps to buy our products.
Just a month to go before the jewish high holidays! What are you looking forward to the most this year?
Vegan cheese tastes... vegan.
The positive will immediately be followed by a two-second negative or the lowering of the weight during which you will inhale
who is the 1 person we go after to do that?
33rd during his rookie season.
yeah I'm ok with Zia having other friends too. I'm not crying inside at all... :-p
Thank you for following NSHMBA-NM! Find out more at: nshmba.org
Good Night John Paul!
i like this guy how will i kno how he feels
This should be good... How is everything?
Balling my eyes out. Why can't he like me?
I'm playing battlefield and.......god I suck.
Tweet to us or call & mention twitter & get FREE registration! (248) 581-3942
#Broncos made a lot of stupid mistakes and got beat by a team who I knew would by our toughest team but still proud of our team!
(4-sale) real estate in Costa Rica 4-5 star resort properties. jv 's also looking for funding in costa rica,
HM, Well Im pretty funny in real life...Guess that doesnt count via Twitter! lol
It is not about the loss, but understanding the lesson. Live to fight another day
**0844 880 2010** Globalnet telecom Channel Partner recruitment drive. Exclusive deal! Give us a call for a chat and details.
Cherish the friend who tells you a harsh truth, wanting ten times more to tell you a loving lie.
Commuting by bike gives me a chance to take a good break from thinking about Records Management issues that drive me nuts during the day
We ordered hooligans at my job hope its good, never had it before.
Typo people...TYPO...LOL It's MOT!!!!
You Are Not Your Website
Fine. I reject them either way. Glad not to have to dry clean my coat every time I go to a bar, but now they're going too far.
Getting ready to leave for a fun day at the water park! I'm looking forward to the rides!!:)
Last day of January means last day for $100 savings!!! Call now to book your event!
Get ready for single Show Out ft. to drop May 22
A phantom "illegal screen" foul call on the last meaningful play of a one possession playoff game. Yup, exactly why I don't watch the
Daily GTKY question: What do you always say?
Junior Seau. There are no words. He was a damn good football player and had a sports show on Versus.
RT “ She | Tyler The Creator is my Shit!”
Diversion? I understand now, never thought of it, great perception! Thanks.
It's a Disney kinda day...
Beijing allows activist Chen to study abroad
aw (: same to you best friend !
Heart broken :(
cool. i'll check it out.
awesome on the trip to Ascot. Is ya local Caulfield Mensland making you ya top hat and tails? See ya there
Happy Star Wars Day! #MayTheFourth be with You!
It's official, i gave into twitter. So I am here! woo!!
I know!!! It seems so far away. :/
Bus stopped at Madison Wisconsin... Now getting back on 1-90 East
hahaha. Pretty good overall. Nice moments like that. What i love about his films are those moments- realism
Too much Fez. Everything feels like it can be fixed by changing literal perspective. Headache? Look in mirror sideways.
Some "grown" ass women/men can become petty if they feel threatened by you ---> Keep up the good work.
I <3 THE NEW KIND! I'm also working w/ & on a diff project but am so excited for TNK. Great work!
People are really some simple/closed minded individuals these days...sh*t bugs me out...Where the sophisticated broad-minded people go?!
I'll take you to school. Lol very soon
me too! I own a magic bullet, pancake puff pan, and that brownie pan where they're all edges.
I can't believe I woke up this early... 8:02 AM?! No way! Back to bed... lol. :)
first of all, you did the right thing by hiding under this table
Very cool to see Marty Newey/Paul Thomas (Salt Lake City) at ASTD Mt. Diablo's Chapter meeting (SF Bay Area) last night
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
btw in Greece had great tour guides & the more history they shared the happier we were! Inspired 2 find my Kefi!
glad I didn't send any tit pics
For slow XMPP auth the solution is pre binding, which serves an authenticated connection with page load.
curious to see who uses twitter at 4:00am EST #appointmentlink is it beauty time or time for sleep?
I was wondering that too...Cause it's actually TCACA
I'd be shocked if I found a song I like more than that this year!! I can't wait for it to go off tomorrow!
Just start an urban myth about it. RT : Oh no! Snopes is down! How can I prove an email story to be fictitious?
Thanks for the RT of our Postseason Baseball Media Info, really appreciate an alum spreading the word!
Cute. I can't add a trumpety "Whaaa whaa whaaaaaa" sound so this tweet will have to do. ;)
ITS STAMPED!!!! IS OFFIALLY DJ!!! #MONEYTRAIN next stop harrisburg W.V 3-28-12 red lounge
about to lay sum musik dwn in the lab getting shit done #imherenowthealbum coming in the late fall!
I just ate dis #checkers & now I feel lazy as sh*t!!!
Dear Mr Vending Machine man. Thanks so much for allowing me to be entertained as I watch folks try to figure out the touchscreen dispenser.
I may just take you up on that one day. Can I bring Conrad? ;-)
The answer to everything is..shut up c: Are you..shut up Hey..shutup I..shut up No matet ehat they say you can always answrr with shut up(;
so disappointed in our stay, we always enjoy the #embassysuites but this is embarrassing #Orlando Lk BV
CBB Sunday.. Clemson +7 & Stanford +1 for regular season action. I'll watch for Tourney stuff as the lines become available. Good Luck!!!
Plane Crash Update 3 persons on plane that crashed this morning at Dane Co Airport. Minor injuries. Airport will re-open soon!
check out Elephant from Damien Rice
Poop farts in my butt
Enjoyed my #Shakeology w/ Almond milk this morning. Love drinking chocolate milk & shakes that nutritious+delicious!
Eviction time is almost here. To be the best you have to out work all competitors.
Peppermint toothpaste or table salt right on the bite stops itching.
Not yet. That's why we must brace ourselves! :D Tomorrow though.
So many great new followers! Thx
Seton Hill's summer reading text is the graphic novel Persepolis. Our disability accommodation staff was a bit flummoxed to find out... 1/2
#usdla2011 learning about delivering student orientations via YouTube.
RT More good news! My album is now available 4 pre-order on iTunes! If u get it now u will get it at the special pre-sale price!
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, Kilpatrick's men pushed south on their raid & Confederates in Richmond began to fortify their defenses.
it's not for me, it's Chris who's getting it. I will send you a picture of my new ink when in done.
aahahahahahahahahaha i just died thats so awesome
"You're stupid." "I could be that too." <3 Love it!
Mimosas and painting. Get here now.
"Nothing in this world can take place of persistence" - Calvin Coolidge
Rendón: We need to practice more diverse ways of knowing in the classroom beyond linguistics and logical mathematics.
lol it's in brooklyn, you remember diddy made making the band walk
also rode on a helicopter today
I'm moving out. someone get me .
I love you for my daughter and I'm glad your her idle but moms on #teamgiveup I tryed to get you to follow but we love ualways
LOL. It's all good.
Traffic makes me angry. I just wanna be home
High drama in the NFL!!! Wow
morning love! <3
At artful ink in bohemia getting a tattoo for a cure!! Come down to support cures for cancer
Where's my computer guy when I need him?
amazing win. Congrats.
Travelocity Travel: Cheap Airline Tickets, Hotels, Flights, Vacations ...
I've used comapping for case presentations. I'll give prezi another try. Agree that certain limitations can improve teaching
The final presentation of has begun, "The Last Night of Caroline's Blues" by Timothy J. Guillot!
i'm not sure-but if so it is still forgiven since the Spy is so lovely. and dang that's lame u guys dont get it there
Ah best in show, you are the best movie for a #Saturday night of relaxation.
**Raises solidarity fist in air**
passionate about advancing good causes and interesting projects I'm working on in mobile development and cleantech
#imagine Austin protecting you while a swarm of fans attacked him !
yes! The Blue Bean and a mom car... No one can say no to that deal.
How many since Feb 2008 are still unemployed and cannot file anymore? Claim numbers are misleading!
Thanks for everything Peyton, you trully are one of the best.
grease was right the only guy a girl can trust is her daddy
UofL basketball is finally here, looking good cards
check out my new background. Just finished it:)
Make that face to the teacher that turned his back.... yep your cool _-_
I think it would be fun to do a show about non-profits in the LA area! I'm biased of course.
Well hello there
you can tweet him directly..
I'm having a yard sell tomorrow. Get at me for details.
I ain't ask u to smile u suppose to say it bak!! Lol
ur such an amazing friend xD follow me ALEX DOES U SHOULD TO
all i want to do is apply for jobs and talk ideas. i feel mildly & pleasantly evolved.
56$ for VIP, 46$ for next tier, 29$ for next tier. This being I'm thinking VIP for this one!!
Thanks a lot Aaron Rodgers. Now is playing Boyz II Men over the Derby coverage.
getting better at volleyball (:
you should tweet about this band called poema!! ! :) they are awesome!!!! you'd love them!
Me thinks this year I'm have to go against my principals in order to get a great education
I think I'll head to the French market this morning. Should be nice for photos; no harsh shadows (maybe!).
oh, that is a frowny face :-( did you not locate it?
Good seeing and having the opportunity to catch up with him at the event earlier this evening.
mine are starting too.. :(
Bama lost today. Such a shame. LOL
Having your book turned into a movie is like seeing your oxen turned into bouillon cubes. John LeCarre
I wish I had the energy to do this sort of thing for my 2,000th follower when I get there one of these days! (and may yet)
8/23/2010 The best time of day to Tweet and how often to post on Twitter BusinessBlogs
Wow. Are you serious? They really are an evil empire. "Total Sports Network" my ass.
Anyone interested in writting about YOTT 2012? got an great collection of tees but he is also very musically talented too!
President of comparing business commerce to #Moneyball. You can change #supply chain like Billy Beane changed baseball.
After an entire day of feeling sick and laying in bed, I am now fully awake!!! Goodday tweeps!!!
Shout me out <3 [:
I like the DB jar in the background
if i were a boy, i'd listen yo her, cus i know how it hurts.
send it to me. I'll read it
PIZZA FACT: Fact of the day: Did you know Tarte flambée is also popular French pizza, originating in the Bas-Rhin region of Alsace in...
that's not
Anyone going to warped tour this year? Who are you excited to see?
I'll send you a treatment and some questions if you like. Let's Follow each other and DM emails.
Great lunch with :) she thinks im funny :)
true that! shouldn't have to
John Shurna is THAT GUY. Seven straight shots to win college 3-point shootout.
Biggest grammatical pet peeve: A-whole-nother. e.g. That's a whole nother matter altogether. Nother is not a word.
i can't lie, i'm a sucker for the show
I don't even fucking know what a puss nugget is but I'll go with it
Your love for me got me Up to see another sunny day And I just wanna say Thank you God the Love of my life Amen ! STOP killing are Future !
No Chauncy on the site? Mr. Warmth should have a photo of Sir Chauncy somewhere, I think. Still, a Very Nice Website.
Back from vacation and of course having computer issues- I guess it doesn't want to get back to work.
In December. I'll be very ready by then. Plus we can wear Bermuda shorts and you can wear a visor instead of a fedora.
don't be shy, if you have any questions ask away :P
We have! Looks like a great conversation--wish I had time to participate.
don't trash the 'nati
i hate it here!</3
Ngga . Our parents are exactlly the same -.-
Actually, I think she might have applied for the position, but it was already filled.....
He's blind now and going on feel.
Bout to see think like a man, act like a lady!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
missing when justin wasn't as famous. i wish i could've met him back then.
Belvedere and Grape Soda.
That one felt good! RT : Pretty good win for the
Seeing sounds
Instead of saving money I will pay of all my debt first. Okai Haiti
Have a great #weekend, everyone!
Who wants to move to North Carolina with me. That way I'll at least know one person there lol
Happy Birthday !!!
Dude - you should delete those "working mom" tweets from when your account was hacked.
#YouKnowItsBadWhen you read "nail" as "Niall"....
I know. But that dumbass is still going to p. e.
I'm at the Epic rummage sale- 2436 1st ave, mpls - many records and other arty goods!
Woo hoo! In that case..good riddance :P RT : Don't worry, you still have plenty of fans at Channel 4
Hey my phones fucked up. I gotta get a new one
A developer is proposing an office building at the southwest corner of 86th and Georgetown Road. Old location of a Wake Up gas station.
thank you -a dreary afternoon of working on a cover letter has been offset by the secret underground bases of LMS CEOs
All you are, to everyone, is a girl who is sad. A girl everyone wants. A tease. A giver. A taker. A liar. A fake.
#winenight and maybe
pre happy nootz year!!! My nootz year resolution is to go bar down short side through the five hole then grab some frozen water
Wish we could see you tonight at HOB. Celebrating my 4yo birthday, have a great time while you are here!
People are in such a hurry to get to the "good life" that they often rush right past it.
Hey how bout you just stick to acting like a nice person...cuz the real you is not at all. PS-you are a grown woman!
Zayn and Perrie... not really a big fan of this, idk but im not hating on her js...oh well :/
I hate staying up late. :/
3 hour swim practice
thanks for following!
I need to send letter and poster (:
It comes on 8pm on "regular" TV, but it's taped, not live; if you have DirectTV, you may be able to find a live airing at 5pm.
and I only have seen the east coast anyways so idk truthfully... But you can tell me your thoughts
Totally made my night. Thankyou, I love you! <3 RT “: i love your tweets :) x”
it's a front door. in a HUGE crate. in our dining room. never forwarded our paperwork to the installation company.
killed it up next
That's just paper editions & similar %age also believe paper money will cease to exist & artificial limbs will outperform real ones.
I'll be okay, just a few bumps, bruises & fractures... lost mobility in part of my right hand : ( hopefully it's only temporary
Tweet me when you finish your documentary; would love to see it. Specifics?
As in accomplishments? Successes? How is MKE better today than when he took over?
A3 Standardize outbound comm processes & train employees across the marketing, sales and customer service groups on new core messaging
i really don't want to do my homework..
I miss how it use to be
the Roots are the heart of musical expression thru n thru.
RT : My Aunt: 'Free is the best, ya gotta get things when they're free.' Me: 'Yeh, like Sex..!' ;P
hey! I saw your videos! Really cool!
Is that raw chicken in a bowl in Debra Messing's living room?
it's my house lolol
I just created an avatar with a bio and its so powerfulN
Philadelphia Dining Deals and Events: April 30-May 6 ~ Food News ...
Time for the homegrown Hoosier to show us what he has! Let's go !
How does Florida have 2 hockey teams???
what are you talking about
Hell yea doing the same brody, we gotta chop it up one day so we can blow a log of that kush.
happy valentine's day!!! ....... had a question. what piercings do u have?
You all better go to my show tomorrow. \m/
is on Twitter? The guy who hates bloggers?I guess you have to shlep the shit when you run for office.
dont u hate it when 1 of your friends stab u in the back takes the knife out then just stabs u again
Time to get more ill.
Yes and Iowa is Blue!
happy bday 2 u! u live in a zoo! u look like a monkey! and u smell like one too! :P jk I love u!
Take a fucking tit out..
My iMac's 3rd birthday and end of warranty was March 1st. Naturally, it would flat out stop working on March 6th. Ugh!
Annotated bibs and lit review: complete! Just a little more grading!
but i have no clue what i did with it and i should probably find it....
#ificouldiwould .... tell you..but im not.
Sadly not. If I come, I'll arrive Friday night and leave Sunday afternoon.
you will have a baby to take care of (: I thought you only liked his song boyfriend? haha I didn't know you liked him like tha
TY for the feature! RT Also, check out our new Pooch Pal @ www.poochandbones.com
Was in my moms work office waiting until it was time for my appt. Now waiting in the car till 5pm because my moms manager is a b**ch. -_-
Drake concert or Birthday Bash. Hmm
Tip of the day: If youre tired of standing then alls you got to do is fall down.
It's official! Spending my summer writing for a non-profit in Haiti! Just PR for an NGO? Or an amazing life experience? I prefer the latter.
The only good thing about being an alcoholic is that no one ever asks me to drive them anywhere.
“: Today was a nice day, we should hang more you know you're always welcome to hang with me & Ali ;) x haha”Hehe(:
"Ventura.." "Yes, Satan? ... Oh, excuse me, Sir, you sound like someone else."
I love constructive criticism
hoping i get home early enough to swing past the new pie shop that opened by my apartment.
Racing your global studies teacher on the highway.. #it'snormal
lol this convo is getting way too deep lol...
“: Epic taxi ride right now” hahahhaha
The diff btwn 1st gen college students & defecation is that w/ the 1st, retention is the goal, whereas w/ the 2nd, it's the exact opposite.
Thanks for following! Such an important niche you are in. What help fund co's that are premature for bank LOC's. Excited to connect!
Sometimes the happiest songs can make you the saddest because they remind you of good times that you can never get back...
I'm 100% with of the anti-bullying campaign, but it doesn't have to be another fight.We simply need to learn to love & be more compassionate
what place u at?
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends. But that's better than having many random friends.
awww CUTE!!! (; u guys r so good together
a bro u had work today
If love had a Song/Sound/Voice it'd sound like Beyonce's "Countdown". Btwn the Peaks, Breakdowns, Instruments, Lyrics, & BEY's voice! #DONE!
Upset lost a friend I was hurting and you kicked me while i was down Your pride got in the way Get to beggin bc I rarely give 2nd chances
#raw10 I thought by 2010, we would be driving hoover crafts as cars. I know a Guy who still drives a 78 Dodge. What advancement?
Rosie Milligan Did you know that people between the age of 40-50 suffer from depression more than all age groups, including the elders..
I no yo secrets girl
hahaha that's what I'm talkin about but there a difference between curves bony n just fat
Mayor: Crime rates are going down. But if you don't feel safe, it's another problem. Part of the solution is police presence
Yahoo! is discontinuing Meme... you remember Meme, right? Yeah, that's like telling you the band Len broke up.
Project X was god
Want 2 meet this weekend but have a stupid bar mitzvah 2 go 2 y this weekend wait 4 for me jb we have the same initials ily <3
Deleting this page... Official website soon. See you there
I'm going to check out some jazz at Radegast tonight.
I love <3
This weekend will go down in history as the one in which I followed and then unfollowed Jose Canseco.
I want to go home. :l
What are you storing locally on a netbook that you really need FDE? Or are you just being our usual level of paranoid?
Good morning sunshine(s)! Thank you for the follow !
what's up with the eug this weekend?
Nice action shot in the nyt :)
in science
had an awesome time playing v-ball at church tonight :)
Ah steroid shot....
#glee Jane and Dot hugging. I'm dying right now.
Who's around this summer?! Come in and join us for a tasty meal!
Not as good as me!
Mom: are you gay? Me: why are you asking me this? Mom: I want grand kids. Me.....ok....*walks out the room*
I use to love that song!! Lol! I use to turn the volume up & sing it out like I was performing for millions! Lol!
Happy B-day Martha June!!!
“How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.” ~ Henry David Thoreau
Her Body Shape Like An 8 .. Face Of A Dime.
We will never forget the voice of a true angel RIP Whitney <3
Wow, talk about a turn on
Quoting SuperbHerb: "I skipped #sxsw to go on the #librotraficante caravan." What did YOU do over Spring Break?
We'll be in the kitchen all day. If you come later in the day, we'll probably have more available.
The PAC... like shooting fish in a teacup
do you have a site with more detailed instructions for finishing the scarves?
OMG!!!woman so is it from Facebook to Twitter to Skype???
President Obama speaks to the nation's students today...many parents support the speech...others plan to protest. What do you think?
missed you last night keeley <3 i wanted to call you but everytime i tried to find a phone, i forgot what i was doing lol
Then say “I want to pee, can I go out?”. and you runaway. lol
I'm really glad I waited until the last minute to write two 20-page papers... again
Voice reel!
Learning more effective ways to use social networking.
Waaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh i don't wanna do this ): Thanks, babygirl!
Of course. Pure Rove playbook move. 10 years from now, we'll be ashamed of this period of time.
Laibach are old skool Austrian anti-fascists
Lmao hell yeah...i heard that shit dis morning
that's dope man!
British Governments
I'm watching & chatting about #celebrityrehab - join the conversation at celebrityrehab.vh1.com
It's only a matter of time! The hard work always pays off.
“ Dreams are like STARS. U may never touch them, but if u follow them they will lead you to YOUR DESTINY. ~
My dad made a 2 hour drive in 40 mins on a bike.
: Way to plan ahead! You have to w/ VT. We did off-season: Nov. Still nice, but not very green. Our day was magical. Hope yours is 2!
Spent the evening at Warner Bros. For film screening my wife was in #Mr.Monster. Now the feeling of longing sets in.
Ill wait for minecraft on ps3 for the rest of my life T_T
Buy Throwster, get swanky tees.
Loving the story of Kevin Clash! Thank you!
PLEASE LIKE our new #Facebook page at www.facebook.com/fifeflowers! We've got deals, trivia and giveaways!
We doing it live at tomorrow night! Be there! We go on at 11pm! $5 if you're there before 9pm.
Everyone can pick up a phone to bitch but no one can come visit me or ask how I'm doing? Doc said not to stress. So far, not so Good.
i just took a chill pill. It should relax me......
any specials for MDC students?
i've hit every edge case i never wanted to know about. I should not wind up looking at the AST impl to try and figure my gdb stacktraces
Cuddling right now sounds perfect ... *sigh
make me one pweeese?! I have your bracelet!
signs that the insanely cheap bluetooth headphones purchased from the web are somewhat questionable: instr, chap 1: "Gettin started"
ayye you applying at my work ?
wow. that was fast. thanks for the posting. i really enjoy your blog.
but what about the algorithm? ;)
Switching twitter accounts to
Anytime! You as well. :)
Perused 15 recipes (ARGH) for grilling lamb chops on the parents' grill this wkd. Delicious, but didn't come out as hoped. CC:
What we know is that the card club has been the subject of an 18-month investigation by the state bureau of gambling control.
Typing in a captcha on a website and it asks me to type 0HfkMe. Seriously? What is this site trying to tell me?
happy birthday!!!! :D
THE KNICKS SUN IS RISING ...THE LIN DYNASTY....INSANE
Thank you so much for following us at Inner Gate Acupuncture!
Spurs lead by 8 at halftime.
The Fault in Our Stars, Empire of the Summer Moon, or The Warmth of Other Suns.
Where you at
in general? Or for being cowboys and hippies? Or for tweeting? Wither the mockery?
I agree with that remote admin with ARD would be easiest and least invasive for iPad. Now to find out how to buy apps.
My phone died before the end of #ctlc2012...more tweets to come. :)
Elvis passed all the #cpaexam!!! Congratulation love
Congrats on the recent essays! Your comic diss inspires me. Maybe I'll offer comic assignment for my students. Cool stuff!
Congrats on the funding! If we can ever help, please let us know!
thanks for the suggestions! so many good films playing can't wait to check them out
Sunday Dinner, Scrabble and Pot with the Peanut Gallery. 3 Days Off! No speak of BaoHaus for 72 hours =)
Yeah I just favorited my own tweet, I think it was THAT clever.
If they have achieved self forgetfulness, the impulses generated by fellow actors will feed this forward, moment-by-moment movement....
Ha! I heard she bit that dog 3 times - 3 TIMES ! Sheesh....
My UCLA Extension class loved your lecture. So looking forward to release of ur book: Wired For Story!!! (shameless plug so what)
anyone home??
i live in hell
lol congrats to you girl i just saw that.
bonnies gave em a hell of a fight at the end
she's passed out right noww!
Currently in the lab making a few minor adjustments.
What a story. Absolutely amazing
It'll be like watching The Super Bowl with Twitter comments!
Going to a puppet show w/ Livy & &
Haha I'm right there with you! :)
"He's a 27-year-old overly philosophical blowhard." "So, like you basically." "...I'm 23."
Thank YOU!
Whew. Taxes done.
Good luck
Powerful graphic design helps get results; it’s the perfect combination of form and function....
Rise and Grind!! Send us #ff !!
Book is coming out this week...thanks for waiting.
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever. ~G
I'm on a Silent Retreat at a monastery. Finishing Scags at 18 caused this need, read www.sullivanstpress/publications to learn why.
That moment when you laugh to yourself about you said awhile ago
Just joined Myglam. So excited
thank you(: I feel special lol
Assistant captain.
That pic is my fantasy football avatar. Oh, and thanks again for the interview in 1996 for the Arizona State Press Magazine!
Lots of interesting stuff on twitter. Too much. I may get overwhelmed here!
Say it ain't true cuz baby I need u
I'll be the Bain of your existence!
Say it is in South Austin please, please, please Val from Kyle
#Irene is pouring rain on Washington, DC - the worst will come tonight and tomorrow morning between 3-6 am. Be safe!!!
Today has been a peaceful day.... Thank You Jesus ...
Of course! Do you wanna email it to me or u still working on it? My email is if you wanna shoot it over
Therefore, the Bob Dylan song "Lay Lady Lay" should actually be "Lie Lady Lie" :)
Ok so I got 45 mins
'urban affairs are no different than other kinds of news"
Back to for some commercial decor. #video editing on deck.
We are all artists. These nets are driven by 'illions of artists,doing their thing,whatever it is. An auditorium-a comment from audience
yea I think she also changed her pass so her co-owners won't use the account with her! She's a very pathetic person, latterly
At the vet to get Boo's stitches out. He is one happy camper. Enjoy the weekend.
I can't stand prideful people, get the fuck over yourself.
Do you live in the area? I would like our meeting to be more personable than a phone convo. Fri/Sat evening would work.
what i followed to and i didnt get ANY! D:
I cant wait!! do u know like when they would probably come out with it?
Madhuri Hedge at #ACMGmtg giving good overview of #DNA sequencing including #NGS. Breathtaking to see how far we have come in 10 yrs
100K!!! I smell world tour!
You know it was a rough night when there's a 32 ounce Diet Peach Tea Snapple on my desk.
Good morning :)
I'm Being Forced To Go To Temecula -__- Ruined My Night, Thanks Alot Mom & Dad
Super-ruby-nerd hangout with has begun!
haha really? They are kitchen knives though
thanks! I appreciate it! :{) I really need to text u more often
Thanks for the fab review, Kari!
In need of some new ink...
hey girl!
Zuzu is participating in a Dress For Success program this evening.Very worthwhile program.
Omar Suleiman, Egypt x2019;s New Candidate, Represents Old Order Omar Suleiman, former President Hosni Mubarak x2019;s intelligence chief
"You're...pretty...and smart. So pretty, so smart!" that was funny lol!
I have the best girl friend ever<3
RT RT A real man treats his girl with respect at ALL TIMES no matter how bad the situation or relationship is.
Hey do we know if there will be an L.A. premier for SWATH? I have feeling it's a no but thought I'd ask :)
What are marshmallows made of?????
DTST (Danny Thomas Spit Take) LOL w/ my coffee!
Girls with trust issues <
dang man. I go to get something to eat and when I come back, Carolina is bout to get bounced
She apparently came out.
Mayor Stanton announces imminent end of bus strike at Phoenix Green Chamber luncheon - with vote this afternoon.
So true. I keep expecting that hash tag to be a photo link. Then it isn't.
I think nude photography is a beautiful thing when its tastefuly done. I would like to take some for myself but please dont tell my mom lol
Love live life
Providing #Sales reps & Business with a #Mobile #Marketng Platform that reaches ALL mobile phones, not just #Smartphones -
nice meeting you today. Sorry I was worthless.
Happy Hump Day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
If you don't feel love, it maybe something(s) you need to change in ur life
The start of another long day, but I've gotten one thing accomplished already! TGIF Everyone!
Just heard ftom DOT they tell me that it doesn't look debris fell from any of the bridges they inspected.
this soundtrack though? "n-word" galore! just..
We had a great weekend !!! Can't wait for this weekend!! We have a lot of great things going on this week! #deals, #denver,
awesome post. This is exactly where quora and quora off spring are headed.
Growing Green with us, provides you with with an incentive! Check for the incentive at the Front Desk!
LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali. OFF TO CALI. CYA CHI-TOWN.
cheers to an alum!
Okay amateur photographers, the 1,000,000,000,000th close-up photo of a flower has been taken.It's safe to move on to other objects now.
haha! no worries, fill out your form and turn it in to one of our reps. we like Android users too. you'll still be eligible.
i missed u to and not much here bored out as always O_o and single lmao and u! hows life :D
RT“: Throwin a party friday or saturday dont know yet”<<<im commin!
If the #Pirates take 2 of 3 from the #Phillies it is officially OK to get excited about this team.
YOW don't forget, just wanted to make sure!
Mother's Bistro or Veritable Quandary “: My mom is coming downtown to meet me for dinner after work. Where should we go??”
Guaca mole mole mole!!!!
great you beat it
I appreciate the BF'S concern regarding my allergies to his sister's dog. I would appreciate more if he warned me to medicate ahead of time.
mentions load ppplllleeeeaaaaasssseeeee
Pretty sure Rose from Titanic makes me wanna throw up
thanks, bro.
Why do girls/boys that had a middle class upbringing try to act hood one minute and then classy the next... doesn't work that way.
Pissed and tired
Tierney Fairchild on #turnaround: We have got to talk about race and poverty. #edleaders at SREB Leadership Forum.
First session today on Leading Towards a Greater Impact. Offers a chance to share the great work of the team !
refurb/academic discount/5 finger discount
Introducing Timeline - that bad idea you're super pumped you never opted in to.
i haven't been on twitter in like 30 years omg
I keep playing with my mohawk lolol
Thanks for the link! I have added it to my instapaper!
i love classical music.
we all have that on person who is always there for you when you need them.. unfortunally mine is in ireland
I just differ. Because I don't beg for my right to disagree with anyone.
#PleaseTellMeWhy whenever I get #Drunk it makes me think of ?!?!
welcome to MKE!
BOOKED IT! We start rehearsals on Tuesday :)
Just watched Survivor Series never thought Fink would make me misty eyed. Thanks
Vegas market: 191K SF Rental units 174K Apartment units 427K rentals vs. 390K owner occupied
Stein: we are technologically not there yet. He notices all the duplicative devices we carry.
Law of Success #11 Concentration. Focus on the subject most needed. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
Hey the Elinor was awesome today!!! I'm liking all the changes you're making with the food and decor!!!
- haa haa we played summer time in the LBC last night at the pool party.. lol..
woot! you go girl! (you may or may not need some coffee)
Dedication: MY SON, Hello, my beloved son. You are missed. Dad
lol that's so weird I was saying for everyone to follow me on instagram, your twitter name is my instagram name :p
At the 'local' nail salon this chic is loudly telling us all EV-E-RY-THING!!! Its TMI right NOW!
Ugh, so sorry but I don't speak douchbag. Better luck next time.
If I have to get up and face the day so should the sun
Al's Seafood 1551 Eastern Blvd. Essex MD 21221 we just keep serving those hot steamed crabs are you next?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Goin thru these new tracks... I'm lovin the new sound!!!
Lol that hoe EYE BALLS ABOUT TO POP OUT HER HEAD LOL THEM BITCHES BUCKED LOL
agreed, they really messed that one up.
Just did
I'm a bad kid and still surviving.
Sadly, he got out of it.
sick at my stomach looking at this news coverage... please pray for all those effected by today's weather and the rescue teams.
WTF RT : Guess who's pitching for the Padres in tomorrow's series finale? Soup!
RT #ThingsYouMayNotKnowAboutMe I tend to get shy when I'm around somebody I like...
The Standard has long been an enthusiastic arts supporter -- I'm so glad you're working together!
Seattle - it's much too nice out to riot.
so excited for the play tonight! I hope you're ready for your superfan! :D
frustrated at the moment.......wish i kud have a conversation wid my Granny.... #butIcant :'(
Everyone else at intermission saying "Isn't Syd Lieberman great?!" too. :) Such a treat to hear him again.
Yes yes! Design lunch soon?
Want to be a more powerful storyteller? If you''re Vegas -do come if you can to today's session pavillion 2 at 9:00 AM
The Prince and Me <3
Congrats from the EverFi team here in DC! RT : officially everfi certified!
I stole those too! I'm never going through the regular checkout lines again!
Are you "homesick"? Good to see you are rumbling round the studio, though!
Wow, I was sleeping so hard that when my wife woke me up I asked "who are you?"
On oovoo with Kelly and Laura
I've posted his work before. Love his Benjamin being pursued by a bear. Gordon & I have emailed w/one another. He's witty.
Like Jesus, many believe they will be resurrected from the dead. Unlike Jesus, they don't believe they have a cross to die on.
another day got away from me, perhaps I shall paint this evening....however, it is Friday....
Fun fact for the day: trampolining has been an #olympic sport since 2000.
Join us Monday – Thursday after 7pm for our 7 after 7 Menu! Visit our website for details!
I just have to accept the fact imma be late to work
So tired...i could use some
#3WordsForYou you're not cool.
Honestly, about to make a run for it
uhmm... yeah, so we got this instead of #Muppets and ?!? This choreographer hasn't even been to the movies this century.
so cute!
Movies done, and so is my live-tweet of #Incredibles. Thanks for not killing me.
Shameless plug (but also totally true): Bin Laden's Bald Spot & Other Stories, by Brian Doyle. It's really good. Want a copy?
Big Bands, Snow Storms, & $7 Unlimited Mini-Golf All Day, Oh MY! Check out WOMhouse.com for more details about fun on LBI TONIGHT!!
Ha, good one. Thanks.
I'm about to wrap up #CMLbookchat. If you want to join the discussion, you are welcome to chat books with me anytime! See you next month.
The concrete slab has been poured, construction is progressing nicely!!!
Can I join?! Count me in.
I'm ashamed to admit it, but I liked The Chronicles of Riddick from 2004.
Digital Camera Pistol Grip/ Handle for Canon, Casio, Fujifilm ...
He does take a turn tweeting from the account. They rotate which muppet it is.
Your stupid little text msgs frustrate me & put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day this is why we ain't together...JERK
There's so much more that I wanted and There's so much more that I needed and Time keeps moving on and on and on Soon we'll all be gone
Got a new CakePHP project launhin this week... Stay tuned
Wait... uncle is going to fight Cena? #hardcore if it runs in the family, he'll still be #Rams LB 30 years from now
Does Jaden Smith even have an album?
#socialmedia day everyday? Of course...but when do we socialize face2face? :)
Bored someone should tweet me or DM me! (:
Walk up in a room full of strippers, all eyes on me.
I love that little kid!
Sometimes you feel like a - sometimes you don't.
Another cold night ahead... FREEZE WARNING until 9am Saturday.
went big grip a la huh?!?
yup its packed in the bong
What is in my throat? Get it out! No time for sinus pain.
I need a pill that can just take all the bad memories away. Help me forget when all I can do is remember. I want to not cry, not be sad..
just got home & now making myself something too eat & you
thanks for the retweet
We are going to be pulling inventory from our store and making record bundles just in time for the holidays. More records for less money!
": wise words ;) “: #WhileInARelationship trust has to be there”" ohh well you know...
I second that!
Suggs' injury could also open the door for LBs Sergio Kindle and Albert McClellan I work their way onto the field
RT One away from the 200 follower mark! Help! Shout me out! I don't bite!
I was fixing Ramen Noodles and I broke the plate I was using to drain the water from the bowl. I screamed out FLACK! and my mom was like WTF
i am def. done with you you tlk alot of sh** behind my back i see ! i wish we would have never dated .
Crimes against the English language. #1 in a series: "Uniquely Different." (Headline on a transit ad for a Seattle area casino.)
Awesome side dish to start the week ?! Chop zucchini , lightly coat grill pan w/ extra virgin olive oil and salt & pep. Grill for 15 min
- Thanks for the compliment! I will continue to look forward to your posts.
speaking of starbucks where has my lil bucks been?
eww whatever. I thought we were friends. Punk!
RT : Today marks 101 days to go to the #London2012 #Olympics. Stay tuned for a big day tomorrow!
1 test down 2 more to go.... today is going to be a long day!
It's sad that desperate housewives is ending tonight forever
Angrey Its My Lifestyle Not Just The Mood Im in
Please don't let this be an end to another good frriendship. :/
to be clear, I have a FB account. Logged in, no probs with facebook. It's on that last step of the FB connect authentication
no but huge fan! been to tons of games. my aunt works there, my cousin went there & its 10 mins from my house #govalpo!
Getting ready for our #interview! #newmediaweekly #webseries!
#wordoftheday Bedizen (v) to dress or adorn in a showy, gaudy, or tasteless manner. /// Use in a sentence! Best on read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
We are ready, come on down!
. I just want to know how this many kids got @ least 8/10 questions correct with one hundred pages unread.
doggy nightmares are so funny to watch! i can't take it though. i always wake up the pup. :(
Thanks for the Love!
Anyone from Croatia?
When the wind is at your back, it’s not always easy. Don’t worry! God sometimes comes in the night and all things become clear.
that photo is a little large dont ya think!?!
don't make roofus do all the work now..come on get out there!
it looks like a robot (:
Awww, you're sweet :) My head's spinning, for sure...
I love you! See ya tomorrow night? Yes? Okay. :)
how are you homey?
OH EP!! YOu are a dear and I adore you.
About to head to the office...
Kinda wish I knew who fake is. Even my son followed her by accident.
do the stanky leg
:I just purchased this app but it seems to be one that will be very helpful and easy to use..."
The hardness of the butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread
Google guy mysteriously suggests that I double down on Google+ starting right now. "but I can't say why. Just trust me."
Playing TONIGHT at Friends on 6th St. 11pm!!! Oklahoma Showcase!
Can’t wait for the new music bro!
Late to party, but congrats!
Thanks for the recent mentions and RTs. Have a great day!
Double Celebrity sighting! Just walked past & then a few blocks later
None of the carriers websites have the iPhone 4s but you can pre-order from apple.com. Curious.
it was Dowe NOT DAVE
RT : Chase Deel is so ugly
Why do people keep flagging our Craigslist posting???? @$$
This courthouse blocks Facebook but not Twitter.
I think I've sampled too much Easter candy..I'm wired..I've eaten so many sour patch jelly beans...that I now have no more skin in my mouth!
Stay safe my friend. Keep the family close.
fucking heard that
I'm a couple bands down, and I'm tryin' to get back I gave the other grip, I lost a flip for five stacks
In what universe does and the Washington Post not want war with muslims?
glad I spent all night chopping wood for the fire.
- oink flap oink flap - well I'll be darned!
": i will NEVER Be some nigga's Baby Mama . !"
"Now I'm finding truth is a ruin. Nauseous end that nobody is pursuing."
just sent out the quarterly test alert for our office. yay for hearing my corny voice on 100's of phones....
Open today from Noon-8p. Stop by to check out Project Einstein featuring the work of Burmese refugee high school students in the city.
tuesdays suck. A days do not. so lets get this over with
Hater are confused Admirers
no prob. I just need some estimate ;)
If you are looking to attend a great Easter service tmrw feel free to check out with Erika and I tomorrow at the 9am or 11am
Winter Roses to bloom. Big date January 13. join the party!
SOME 10 YEAR OLD IS ASKING ME OUT on facebook cause he saw me on younow.. supposedly im hot. lololololol hahahahah
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Thomas Nides traveled to Islamabad, Pakistan on April 2-4, 2012....
A Messge of Hope Cancer Fund Benefit and Auction Gala May 7th 2011, 8pm to 12am. Register at www.amessageofhopecf.org
okay god ! :) thank god !
I am going to let everyone know I died through Draw Something.
that's an easy one. Good luck.
Hey Happy New Years!!! hope you had a good one. I went into Boston for new years cuz thats where I live. hope u had a good 1
Pawlenty and Bachman, two idiots, very disappointing!!!! www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Chilling with the bros
Ice cream and French fries wit a fat ass burger early lunch for this long ass busy day
Busboys French toast, maple syrup, eggs, bacon, pineapple, strawberry, berries. Best brunch in the world. Patio.
I am sadly lacking in the hug department right now. Gonna grab a few of my cats and trick my teen into hugging me.
And your Green Energy SCAM to pay off your bundlers & handlers & donors don't need our money either. It's called CRIMINAL!!
(Not so) fun fact: allergy seasons are expected to get worse thanks to climate change. Misery...
God's timing is always perfect!
Always happen to pass along good stuff. Very nice work.
- I hear they wear armor to dissertation defenses :-) I wonder if the same mindset is going to pop up after this Depression
Did you get your free pancakes at Ihop today? You have until 10 pm, so there's still time!
Happy Bastille Day!! Anyone studying abroad in France?
#2ThingsIAppreciate and my cell phone.
We'll send you a bill for the backboard you shattered on that layup attempt tonight, hell of a shot, keep up the good work son.
Use this beautiful weather this weekend for some inspiration.
"I love classic objects/machines that work and never go out of style—my hammers, my anvils, my old typewriters." A good man.
In TIS meeting at ESU10 today.
RT : *mutes halftime show*
Better than "misplaced quotation marks" RT : Lately I find that I am adding too many exclamation points where they don't belong!
Verdict on : an excellent film, A+! Joss Whedon pulled it off; Stay after the credits!
Worst test I have ever taken in my life.
hell yea it will be like friday all summer we wont have no jobs shit to do might as well....
Everyone has that special someone who is always on there mind...admit it.
Haha. Not a goal. Just a coincidence. I'll try to retrain myself if you'd like.
Horseshit call in this #ND game.
Watched Chopped last night and it made me hungry. so at 10 pm i made a meringue. why? guess i felt like expressing the culinary side of me.
Can't release my sex tape because an animal was harmed during filming :(
thank you ! They are adorable babies :D
Remember: Your children get only one childhood. Make the most of it :)
#INeverRead Lord of the Flies or the Old Man and the Sea. Somehow missed out on them both in high school.
Thanks to my coworkers for voting! RT : Congrats to our Rock Star of the Month !! :)
I think alot of us dudes are used to seeing that, but hey those relationships never last in the end so no worries!
I really need to sleep, But i wont since I have another life called Tumblr cx
I ate potato chips and ice cream for dinner. Unfortunately, it didn't make me feel any better about life.
Atop Mt. Fuji for a great time
Headed to bed! Gotta wake up at 8am to help roll eggrolls for a baby shower tomorrow, then heading to Stockton!
Thanks for lying...again.
Im Up idk why
I like the 9" Elliot as well from the Petes Dragon combo!
indeed, he stated that directly I believe "she asked if the friend zone posts were about her. Adam told me to say yes. I did."
RT : Did you know that you can brew your own beer at Hough's in Greenfield? Copper Kettle Brewing Co. is now open!...
check out graham lindsay, joseph huber, and william elliot whitmore.
Downtown watching the game with thedy bean and some friends!
@ POV in a interesting Film Workshop! @ NYC
#summeritis waaaaah. Second wave of midterms... It's just not happening for this girl.
QualysGuard delivers scalability and automation to IT security and compliance for customers and cloud providers
it wasn't bad. Just very out there hahaha
You know me well and all my twitter tactics. Just can't even come up with a good ques to ask...
I love you! do not forget. C:
I love the paranormal field and can not wait for our next investigation :) yay! I am so on fire today lol
Do not feel like working today smh...
It makes me sad that people don't send out Christmas cards anymore. Used to be nice to see something in the mail besides a bill.
Just watched Ramona and Beezus. cutest movie everr. is the best!
I hate people who hate Austin Mahone! :O
I've got 10 more years before I get to see films I'm interested in.
LEG CRAMP LEG CRAMP!!!!!! DANM FEILD HOCKEY TO HELL!!!!!!!!
A bouquet of roses can really make your day.
Hey , did you love life on the big stage ?
RT: ": I have come terms with the fact that I will always have the handwriting of a 7th grader."
People don't know about the things I say & do, they don't understand about the shit that I've been thru.
Fuck it I'll clean my room.
Looking for midlife tips for the "Happy Happy!" Dec This Midlife Thing Mag. Dm me with your best Christmas memories get a mention in the mag
I always start my tours of the archives with a look at the old space in the basement first. Makes the new 3rd floor digs more dramatic.
Every time I make it to the gym in the morning, it's like a total triumph of the human spirit.
Thanks for following!!
Saw #wetheparty at #USC last night it's phenomenal! Thks to for answering my screenwriting question and sharing your art!
I love that feeling when you tell someone something they didn't know and they actually think it's interesting. Ex: and
My band Oracle and the Mountain is playing tonite at the HiTone special guests Sperra and Andy Fleming.
Hearing about digital outdoor with of Lamar.
whose tryna hang out today?
This is true.
Look at serious ways to reduce landfill. Reduce dependency on coal. Increase recycling. Cut costs of waste disposal.
Younger children are most likely to be abused or neglected: 34% of all child victims were 3 or younger.
Needs to stop sending me text messages about her home improvements and start tweeting about them instead!
So jet lagged!
How many of you have tattoos that are quotes??
NJP just received our first copyright claim on a video. Clear mistake of YouTubes audio identification. Will be blogging about it soon.
plus it is the most gorgeous sunny day!
it's my 6 YO nephew's birthday present that has gone missing in the post, I don't want to keep him waiting much longer
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. - Don Marquis
Screw the singing! What about the schnapps?? Lol
Baptized. Went to church. Waiting for the sancocho to be made now. Then onto another fam gathering.
Another hit welcome to the encore! See u tomorrow!
Practice what you preach.
My grandma just texted me. I guess she finally learned how
Fun! Ours was a good one too -- made it worth looking even though we only got to see that one!
Newark New Media Innovation Lab: Meetup #2 Tonight. Hope to see you there. (BrickCity Coffee 6:30)
btw i wont be doing at the crime scene lol tonight so dont wait up hahaha
“: #MentionTo your future husband.”
Its def a great for some #nfl #football!
If my mom implies that I am fat one more time I am going to scream.
Yeah definitely, hit me up! Still jealous, but have fun and have a drink or many more for me!
Happy friday the 13th scaredy cats
Here watching district 9 alone
sweet! what course you taking?
sounds like a blog post!
new office space.
In the time of chimpanzees I was a monkey
Brand new song almost finished!!!
The whole world is at #zonamaco12, students, entire families
Too long!! Who has a time machine?? RT
after the crooked hat stabbing they made some changes.
Dude. Stop teasing. Not fair...
RT : I have a record produced by that I will be releasing soon.
plants means LIFE, thank you for folowing us.
Been There. Done That. Has the Shirt #NappingInWorkChairs :)
#20ThingsAboutMe I mean well. Trust me.
This game reminds me of the Packers-Broncos Super Bowl.
I love you
In class. So fun
thanks nate :)
wouldn't want to make an ass out of u and me. And by me I mean
gotta cover "dirty old town."
In Wisconsin we are scheduled to have 80's in southern part of the state and a frost advisory in the north. Come visit! We have everything!
Blessings to all students, teachers, and parents starting the new school year. May you dive into the joy of learning and growing in all ways
Goodnight, Mr. Schaub!!!
Can't believe all the comments and love Jobs got from everyone but not 1 single mention of Dr. Dennis RItchie?
is off to Westfield Century City Apple Store to check out the line for the iPhone 3GS, not buying, just scoping out the scene
Today we celebrate Heather and Jamie's wedding at the gorgeous St. Paul's church and reception at the stunning Casa Marina Resort!
That awkward moment when an ugly person says "I need my beauty sleep"
If you're watching #tiger rule #ArnoldPalmerInvitational on NBC, stay tuned for all today's sports highlights w on News4 at 6
Close as I'll get to you, Kasia!
On the road with OA 2012. Good times, but wondering, will I ever not run sound for a group from NCU? I need to graduate sometime...
Rick Santorum wants us to "dig our way to freedom." (With Walmart shovels made in China.)
Money talks mines says bye bye
I am with ya on #FridayFail - my alarm didn't go off - yet I still got to work early? Weird.
#tweetyour16yearoldself Go to school for something that pays better than social work....it is too important!!
Let's do itt!
I feel like cooking ._. The closest i can get is Ramen so, Ramen Noodles &Hot Sauce. Ftw;* .... i miss talking ........
RT : And . is having a banner day. POTUS just mentioned a hashtag
Why We Broke Up, by Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman
There's a 78 degree day in the 7-day forecast! Andy has the details on Good Day Oregon
only four variables to play with for any service your archives provides: volume, quality, quantity and budget for that service
My mouth is watering seeing the picture. That salad is so damn delicious. Go back tomorrow and have one for me please!
WRIT on breakout watch...
So not blowing the whistle but intending to and blowing the whistle are apparently the same thing. Wow. I wish life worked that way.
Nothing stays the same...thats the part of the game she forgot about....~ con ~
please follow me!! Love you <3
Yea it was real cool..
Big day for Ian Darke, calling Chelsea-Arsenal this morning and now Real-Barca
come see #rocktheink's official Ninja Lili & the fabulous www.rocktheink.net for details. see you Saturday!”
Super excited about the show tonight at Who else is going?
RIP James and Lily Potter is trending right now. Lets celebrate a real hero instead: Juliette Low, fndr of was born 2day in 1860
#truth I feel like you have to "be born out of something" for long term success.
OH OK HOW LONG U GOING TO WALK
he don't even gotta help with the bills? Lol
Ham-it-up skillet
I'd share if I could!
It's WR399 Graphic Novel. CRN 44287 Once a week on Fridays.
Italian! That works perfectly actually... I'll be driving in from UMaine. Want to say 7pm?
RT IF YOU THINK ELI IS ELITE!?!
GoodMorning people of twitter:)
Ever know it was going to be one of those days before you even walked through the door??
Dude, I felt horrible about that! I didn't mean to get her busted! My bad.
does anybody in pensacola florida know how to do some hair
Slice HD, hint of the day: If you run out of fingers, slide one off a blade and quickly across the red button, it works great! Try it.
That would be nice, we're working on a farm kitchen project as we speak, when that happens you'll have to film here. :)
I love yaoi so much, so happy my copy of Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi came in the mail. I can swoon over cute anime guys!
To make my point dear that you have my heart.
it would seem Apple is not fluent in yiddish...
Welcome to the party, my old friends!
Join Free! We're bringing COUNTRY MUSIC FANS together from all over the world... If it's Country it's here!
Fabulous party at the Strawberry Creek Inn last night. Most of the cast was there. Yea! Rodney's cookbook is beautiful. Breakfast awaits!
Hooray! More Gay merchandise will be sold in Memphis! #MakeMoneyMoneyMoney!
CONGRATS Thanks to I met my first goal 8 days early! 20 pounds - GONE FOREVER.
Thanks for following me at twitter!
Happy Monday! It's like 105F again, crazy hot!
Girl you killin ‘em, my condolence
International #Jazz Day Jam Session at Jazz at the Bistro starts in just 2 hours. Come sit in and show us what you've got!
No, Oh, this is the first I heard this. Quite the phenomenal talent and charmer. So sad!
Event and portrait photography. On sale right now. For a limited time.
and Poe's music is awesome!
The online catalogue looks great! I visited in 2009, loved the exhibitions, and went home w/ a Nevelson-like brooch.
he just enjoyed seeing Shaq get tripped/mocked/not called a homophobe
Especially in women, the skin of the arms is highly sensitive to manual or lingual stimulation.
Oh, great, the Crosstown Classic starts today. Because I didn't want to stay away from Twitter enough.
ah thanks! You coming to Baton Rouge Saturday?
VULTURE BAIN CAPITALIST only helped themselves and DESTROYED everyone else. This should be MITT ROMNEY campaign slogan. It's TRUE. NLD Mom
Happy Thursday. Up, moving about and excited about going home this a.m. After angiogram and single stent Expect more energy and passion.
Shoutout to for doing amazing today on her solo <3 So cute.
I love working out, it makes me feel really good!
There have been two craigslist missed connections about my roommate on two days from different people. I'm not kidding.
I'm so pumped for Jack White tomorrow night. Who else is going?
15 Critical Components of a Senior Leader in Today's Environment sharing the details now at #Strat12 - very insightful!
Mini twister night!
The Lorax movie was so cute!
Lunch with eight Bostonian women is the loudest experience of my life.
is the ultimate bro!
We talk to the main force behind the hugely successful #AnaheimLadyDucks ... Also take a look at the
sounds like is in fine form:)
Your new website looks fantastic and is easy to navigate! Great job!
“: People understand you CAN lie but the truth is the truth. No matter what. You can't lie to yourself.”>>yes!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
RT : We've done ourselves a disservice by focusing so much on our ability 2 verbally, & not visually, articulate ideas.
My guess is that the facilitator did it for attention. I'll have to watch further. Felt sorry for the brother.
I'm ready to be slayed!
welcome to Las vegas trance movement!
Where my pgh bloggers at?
Naomi is yelling out the door saying stop it to the rain! LOL
That's the problem with getting attached to someone...when they leave, you just feel lost.
My parents stayed together for forty years. But that was out of spite.
I don't like when people get taller than me
SLEEVES RECEIVED: A collection of album artwork from submissions to The Wire magazine. Inspiring.
my money is on cold wings at the lunch meeting. i wanted to puke just smelling that crap.
TBD. Ill keep you posted!
RT : They can see every man's bald spot and down every woman's blouse. THAT'S why giraffes are always smirking.
iPhone > Android
Bellevue has played a stronger schedule by being from NKY! Different brand of football up here.
"If I'm going to watch a movie here, do I need to check it out first?" Me: "Um, no?"
I wish we could start over
I'm out of shape and need to lose some weight, but i dont think Dr. Oz and his Raspberyy Ketones are the answer, just saying..lol
thanks. i am too -briana
Thanks for the follow!! I agree, Girl Rockers should unite!! ( :
Emma! These fools don't have good reading comprehension.
Going out on a date with she is taking me out to dinner for my birthday. So blessed to have her in my life.
hell to the yes
Im gonna get a black t shirt..that says i like cheese on it...cus... #iLikeCheese :D
Facebook appears to be down again.
Sledding hill and warming shelter will open Saturday at Madison's Elver Park. www.cityofmadison.com/winter
Good Morning Beauties! Life stands before me like an eternal spring with new and brilliant clothes. -Carl Friedrich Gauss Enjoy your day!
The # symbol is called an octothorpe.
and that is possible. But first they would have to vote to change constitution.
mean!! I miss Selena :(
you making the #dusky trip this year?
Hi Hooligan! Oh what a cute picture U have of 4 UR background. Please follow back. Thank you <U+2665>
I'll sell you my Graphire2 for $300. You pay shipping.
i can't stop listening to secret secret dino club!
Playing DJ at a wedding 2nite. Reception playlist includes MJ, Diana Krall & Willie Nelson. Yep, the bride's got eclectic taste. Love it!
Wasn't there no lyrics? I heard Triumph & it reminded me. Maybe Boston?
if u go online n play a quick gm it will upload ur rosters n i sent u a friendreq my gt is datwork 210..
Shanon appreciates fact #Mitt also doesn't believe in civ unions bc its same as marriage & bc of #Obama's #ssm decision is voting for
You're very talented. Not everyone can grow a posse :)
thanks for asking;) you're so nice. Jeff is truly blessed with a great family and he's a blessing himself. Ttys. God bless.
Perfect for Easter! Thanks...D
Going to miss you too Joanne, looking forward to the Three Amigos all meeting up again in Nashville <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
I hate giving sum1 ur phone # over da phone & they say "uh huh" during it making u have 2 go back & repeat #s. Just listen 2 da whole thing!
My 4 year old cousin dumped water on me yay......... >.<
hey emma!
It's about time I go to an #Indians game. Will be doing so.
Many Koreans use gigantic Samsung Note phone on Seoul subway - massive 5.3 inch screen. Never seen one in the USA
HI I JIST SAW THIS TWEET. Stop reading my effing mind, I'm wearing a dress tomorrow too! So we're taking pictures k bye <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Led Zeppelin cover!! Fuck yes! www.wimp.com/michaelwinslow/
You tell me that you love me, then you go and leave me.Why you do this to me?
omg hahahaha stop!!!!
Wondered more about your thoughts as a Humanist. Like you, I have not been on Twitter long. So far, I like it. Cheers!
My mouse isnt working
you inspire me in so many ways that you have no clue! Ill never stop trying to get you to follow. If you see this follow me
YOU ARE MAKING ME CRY. My voice is cracking . :c we miss that too Alex </3 #ShootUsDown >>>>>>>>
its unfortunate. So are you heading to bed soon?
It's just stupid on their part. I'm not sure if they don't understand how explosive this Sanchez-Tebow thing could be.
Thank you. :D
Man man man....
crazy old people are awesome! Reminds me of Betty white she is so funny!
WANT MORE FOLLOWERS? GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK (:
you should def. order it. I would watch!
I swear to GOD if Jacob Bearchum does ONE MORE "that's what she said" joke...
Raging Waters, San Jose is now on Diversity Platinum! Get a $10.00 Discount per person with your card! Diversityplatinum.com
somewhere along the line I stopped talking about art & starting talking true connections. I may have lost my audience but found happiness.
Yup im done tryin
That's very helpful. Thanks! Keep us in the loop about any data collection, research, or reporting you do re: new D.C. grad rates.
I <3 the update so much.
Wiz khalifah can get it. If I got high
forgot to do a chore -_- haha. It's just for a day. I'll bring you one thursday if I can.
Do any of the Boyz wanna be back on ABDC? Shoutout to Idella.
#RyanKennedy is a young cancer patient whose dream is to trend on twitter. Help hin out and RT
I think I'm ready for what's next.
#Mayweather by decision or late knockout.....hm
Late for 10:30am practice? RT Flight delays and cancelations looks like I'm finally going to make it out of here. Portland bound
Goodnight Cody! Love you!- Eva. xo
Just saw in vegas at , they are covering ground across the country fast!
Was just tsk tsk'd by a girl when I said I have texted and driven before. I said, vagina doesn't tsk tsk me unless vagina wants punched
haha text me
I don't know
I Missed You.! Did You Get A New Device.?
Who remembers the Naked Brothers Band ? LOL
lemon chicken, broccoli, mashed potatoes and corn bread.
No matter what mood I'm in, George Strait always puts me in a better one!
Friday the 13th is the day to attend to see !
check received and deposited. Thank you sir. Lookin forward to the show.
Using 3d printing to build low cost housing for the developing world - Ray Kurzweil
Damn traffic. I just want to go Home and sleep
So far it's been worth the walk! :)
Tw'eeps, ever have one of those nights where you just keep thinking of things that you should/could/would do instead of sleeping? Eep!
#Salute & #Follow him -> RT Still up in studio working hard! Got another session in an hour
Day two of Byron Stripling's residency. We're visiting lots of great schools this week!
Are you attending the Dunwoody Business Expo Tomorrow? Come see Prestige Travel at the Expo -tomorrow 21Apr- Crown Plaza Ravinia 1pm -4pm
Movie marathon Sunday!
sweet. Who you taking?
Wednesday's words from the wise: "An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools." --Ernest Hemmingway
are you up to some cool stuff in LA? Hit me up! I still want to write a profile about you.
CALLING ALL MODELS...STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT OS HAVE TJE FIRST MODELING AUDITIONS APRIL 1st. Stay posted for further details.
Check out my website, cool stuff! www.lisaschicboutique.com
Well, does it? If not, perhaps this 1971 movie about marijuana's sexual secrets will change your mind. More » Post from: TheGloss
Thanks following !
me, too! next time, i hope...
Does anyone have $10,000 to donate so that we can have a Thankskilling party in Poca
I hope u feel better
I'm getting sleepy smh
Thanks for not hustling easy dunk
Just got back from Fabrics where a sweet older lady gave me her extra coupons and it saved me lots of $. Made my day!
I gotta run and finish dinner. I'll talk to Laurie and get back to you.
2011.07.07 #Brewers 5 #Reds 4 | Brewers back on track / take the lead then give some back / Axford rides the edge
Specyphi. What you believe.
8.3 left I'm biting every nail possible lol
Watch this space tomorrow. I'll be co-presenting at a 1-day conf on Twitter in higher ed. #TwSIG Jump in or flee. Take your pick.
good for you! talk about inspiration!
When your 16 month old baby is sick, sometimes a seseme street marathon is the best medicine.
Great to see so many Lori Compass homemade signs on I94
thank you for coming out! glad you guys made it home safely. see you in AL nov 6th? :)
Glad it's open! I've been waiting! RT : Friends checked out Roseangel in Gordon Sq. Described as upscale, casual taqueria.
RT : What u niggas buying that's making you struggle while making 50k a year ---$50K ain't much esp if u have kids cc:
RT Speaking @ UNC's IVCF tonight, if you are on campus, hope to see you there: 7 p.m. Hanes Art Center 121!
The Hunger Games. AWESOME!! Damn, missed the very first part...
Didn't catch the first airing of our ADDAMS FAMILY special on MPT? Make sure to watch it tomorrow at 3:30pm!
Watching Magic City with Viggle Sat | 9PM | Starz Edge Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Back up in 5 hours.
I've built a wall. Not to block anyone out, But to see who loves me enough to climb over it.
It's crunch time, positive self-talk can help. A word from the encouragement lounge for #adultlearners and
Hold up. You're at the game?
Congratulations to for sweeping up at the #grammys ! Classy lady:).
Keep Calm and Love 1D.
doing some stuff for the US dept. of transportation and national park services, but basically unemployed :S you?
Estimated Ivan, morning from the Canyon. Best winds to also ours Insurgentes Ave. Peace and dreams windwhisper....
I'm always losing followers.
Just because you're covered from head to toes in designer labels doesn't make you fashionable. It shows you have money and NO STYLE!
I love the home visit episode of #idol, it give me 'goooosies'. :)
Got a good viewpoint on social networking in the construction industry at the ABC Young Leaders event tonight
Sound editing like a mo-fo!
Have fun tonight, fellers! We had a blast at last night w/ the Bangorians &
Space mountain is hands down the best ride at magic kingdom!
Come to track C202 to hear how we implemented Drupal 7!
yep hes off the friend list......maybe
aamber and Kavah u guys make the happy sign!:)
No brainer, let's go KNICKS!
Haven't seen my friends in a week, so glad to go see them again <3
Great win for Manchester City today. On the road against a worthy opponent. Playing like
don't pretend like you goto the gym bum
Thanks for the follow, Chris! Come check out the band at Plush on Th, March22 along with 3 other fantastic female led bands.
gimme those lights!!! lol
That is an interesting connection, for sure. I hope I didn't sound like I was trying to take away from that fact.
dude, I told you I cut it. I'm like buckwheats mama.
sure thing, love your stuff!
He's guarded Dirk well over the last couple years.
Sorry! Was that your door I knocked on?! I jokes...
Uhm this whole "Money over everything" how about GOD over EVERYTHING .
yes, it does. will make sure that list gets updated.
loving this video!!!
great... soo rt u yet and officially
its game day baby, we open at 5 boo
just rocked the rock test
yep, they r dealing
“: runt the whole thing” lol that crazy talk lol I ain't trying to get tired
haha yeah :p Oh well.
A potential 3 point play results in only 2 points.
I'm sure he would be! :)
If you wanna get a good laugh in come to #TheHutch at 6 tonight and watch me plau outfield and hit... havent had an At Bat since soph year
#StrangeFactsAboutMe In 2006, i was featured in pics/articles in Ebony and Jet magazines. Yes, me, the whitest guy you know (waist up).
'Where is the Halloween Party?'
gonna be the best day eveer <3
Pomegranate vanilla oolong iced tea latte with soy? #yesplease :)
What a great idea. My kids also got a book--I think it was Click Clack Moo--in a Chick-fil-a meal a while back.
Unlike everyone else, David Stern was not wondering how the #Lakers would hang in this series...he "knew" they would.
Hating it doesn't make it any easier to use. It actually makes it harder.
Danny Brown on terrorist threats
thanks for all you are doing!
WOW, ? JEALOUS! My Dream Job is Nice to tweet you, fellow writer.
AGT is weird this year hahaha
How interesting. Not only a horrible actor but a hypocrite. How long have you supported child rape? And those who allow it?
Thats that shit that drives me crazy.
how did u see my tweet
PLP's Freshman year at TU is in the books! He's back home safe and sound and ready for some home cooking!
I sympathize with daily LA commuters. Fuck all of that.
I know exactly what I want, and I'll never stop going until I get it.
self-retraining is probably the only way to overcome problems with lizard brain short-circuits.
Hmm, nice tart acidity transforms into sweetness, almost candied-apple taste? Sounds good! Come visit and we can try it!
Thank you.<3 I know, things at home have been wacky, but things get better. I'm glad things are getting better for you. :]
And without our best player! RT : My team is better than your team. Period.
Hope everyone had a wonderful day today .. anything good on tonight ?
Our calendar is updated, posted album reviews, chose our show of the week! Whats your show of the week?
very pretty color lil miss Shelly :-]
Can't believe you're 32 weeks!!! Grow, gnomebaby, grow!!!
Watching a movie and eating chocolate frosting by the spoonful. Only thing that'd make it better would be if were here w/ me.
Seconded. Thinking same. ": Wow. PBS "American Experience" documentary on Bill Clinton just ended. Fantastic."
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates. #HellOfADeal visit Smitty, Lori, Dan & Robert.
The more you work now to get incredible at your craft, the more goals you'll achieve quicker. You'll also stay on top longer!
Watching some old guy shake is ass while walking, perfectly in sync with what I was listening to... Modern World Christ. Haha XD
can i get an f u FB?
I never have any profound tweets, so let's all just play track 1 of Bat Out of Hell and enjoy the guitar shredding
get to Vegas
I've become such a patient person. It's kind of exciting
Sitting in on the interview committee for a new SLP for my district. What questions would you ask?
Ht = hat tip, as in, "I'm posting this with a tip of the hat to _____"
Nice to get a residuals check in the three figures! Instead of those much more common two, one or even zero figure amounts.
Doing the all night long thing for work or pet emergencies is much harder today than it was 20 years ago.
opens new dealership in Chicago
This year sucks already!
My phones not white anymore <U+E413><U+E421>
I was just served the most measly burrito I've had here. 1st time in 10 years as a customer I've walked out the door hungry.
like i love the fact that we're graduating soon but the thought of it is so weird to me? i feel like it's not real.
“: Another successful #mobileIndiana event. Thanks to and for hosting it. thx 4 coming!!
santorum and bachmann make me sick, who are they to tell us how to live?
Father John Misty: so much of what I don't like about Hipster music. You dance like you shouldn't. Stop trying way to hard.
hej tell Anja to check her work email! :)
do u hv ppl come out to perform?
If I dare. Tonight, I HATE it. Maybe someday I'll like it enough to share. Are all writings this manic? LOL
Tons of unhappy people out here in the Bay Area
Sorry for confusion, iPad contest was extended until week 16. Keep up the good work. I believe you are in the lead right now!
Don't Tell Me To Do Something If You Not Going It
is my fricken idol. Love that # 15.
I talked to my parents &they said I can donate some of my money to help the ! It Feels good. #showyourhearts!
awesome! Thanks for the tip!
It's going to take a billion years to board this plane
I'm trying to finish up the scarlet letter. Then I'm going to read hunger games
Yes. Put it over the trailer hitch and make that the clit.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! So proud of you...new "mac-mommy" - LOL!!!
I'm the biggest iPad hater in the world
LOL....dont worry. It's just the person who runs the College's Twitter page. You are safe.
Farmers Market today. 11am-4pm. Across the street from the North County Mall. Farmers, Food, Friends, Family, Fun. Happy Mothers Day!
I don’t care about your past. All I care is to know whether there’s a place for me in your future.
#Compliment u seem really chill and cool (:
Late night crafting. All of the sleep I got yesterday & today has my body confused, so I might be awake for awhile.
FOLLOW BACK??? pLEASE!!!
Lake of the Ozarks will be a much needed break, for sure.
Two men taken into custody as a result of the stand-off on Lawry. Press release with booking photos will be out in a few hours.
On this day in 1800 Congress approved a bill establishing the Library of Congress. I've used its collection; God bless Congress.
NO ONE LOOKS AT MY WEETS EXCEPT FOR MONKEY!!!!!!!!!
That's code should be used online. Let us know if we can help in any other way! We'll see you tomorrow for the Globetrotters!
Fwd:
Loving the inaugural #Reston #Energy #Security tweet up! We're "getting the party started.
It's sleepy-tea time
salon talk (++), but the physical setup of confs & panels drives group dynamics and learning? it is a Q.
Friend REquest me on ASW Inner Circle? Stephen Samuel Santoro
Got me thinkin RT How aloof and uninterested a parental figure must usually have been for someone to grow up deeply charming.
Just saw a Pro-SOPA ad. Not impressed. Must remain vigilant or this garbage could still become law.
Remember the best leaves early just like Daughtry. Let us know when your record comes out!
It's highly saddening that I'm going to miss tonight's Clippers game due to work. Damn. Why can't I get paid to write about sports yet?
we will habe fun
I've been out of my Twitter account with a few technical difficulties. Last night I got back in to the #NewTwitter, but I miss Tweetdeck.
Happy Easter!
hitting your campus today!
the #RHONJ reunion cannot come fast enough...i've been waiting all week!
Perfect. And to finish...'smallows, whipped creme, sprinkles, chocolate shavings, crumbled candy canes, a gingerbread man.
Ladies & gents OCT 19 is hosting a "Girls Night Out" & celebrating Purple R.E.I.G.N
Enjoy your weekend and facial/massage on Monday!
GROW UP BRO!
#20ThingsAboutMe I dont like my dad . He threw away his life . c;
all giddy less then 60 min till long weekend!
We're still cheering for you, ! We wish we could do everything for every fan too, but sometimes it's just not possible.
Wow - mobile is never dull - thank you CTIA for extending the Awards deadline ;-)
Our waiter said there are 3 things the dog barks at: bicycles, music, and gypsies. It can just smell them & runs out of the shop
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 3
YOUR AVI IS SO CUTE
Clarice is that you????
...hello, Dallas.
you really like them don't you!!!!
Off twitter for 11 days, coping with work & a flu of great longevity that set up shop in our house (& still won't get its ass out.)
Muy buenas tardes a todos! Good afternoon everyone! Have a blessed day!
Talking down to people is NO WAY to get them to look UP to you.
Now that is very true...very true... some seriously lovely food here... love southern BBQ.. yuuuummmyyy.. now I'm hungry :)
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;) <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32C> 1
#1DVDForme because there's nothing MORE THAN THIS that I could get & I WISH you'll retweet this& I WANT that DVD
haha why thank you, i'm honored
o I want one. Great post!
RT : CSR (Corp Social Resp) is great BUT personal passion & purpose is key not just to attract consumers but to grow orgs
West bangin new mix tape on the way bang at me
Cool idea.....let me think about that!
Company moved our volleyball league mid-season because the teams were showing up too drunk smh
A good week to plan. Making a strong start to 2012. Thanks to tremendous support from a large village of people!
Gotta find some fun ways to de-stress. A hike...eat cupcakes...surfing...
I feel like making hot tea right now, a tea party to have with my daughter, shes been feeling iky today so hopefully that will cheer her up.
I would really like to either star or guest star in that TV show, Southland. I know I could portray cop or perp role well.
RT : VIDEO: Africa Channel & African Ancestry at New Orleans 2012 #NABJ12 Register for a chance to...
“There are two types of sacrifices: correct ones and mine.” Mikhail Tal
Working on client projects and such - loving it but I don't get to many events now. How was it?
I get so upset and emotional when I see these chicks on Basketball Wives always pickin on the pretiest and tiniest girl who cannot fight.
re 'political posturing' - only true in era of last couple decades when parties have become more polarized.
ANSWER YOU ARE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!1111
Let's go #ku. Go jayhawks
i dare you to learn how to dougie with no pants on :')
Drew: do u wish those rat finks lose even when they play the pens?
lmaooo Kenny off the chain
ELLO BETSEY COULD I PUT U IN MA POCKET <U+E050> >>>> #parisIsTweeting <<< FOLLOW ME PWEACE!<U+E011>
Signed Or Unsigned,Major or Minor, Music Is My Life.
Two+ hours delayed at O'Hare. Day started at 7:00am. But my crew just had us do a wordscramble. Elementary style.
1 paper, 1 quiz and 1 test to finish before fall break! Time go quickly!
With how fast tweets back after finding a amex synch hashtag, they are definitely using the streaming api....
check the quote ha
RT : S/O to and the whole team! #THETAKEOVER #APRIL13TH IT GO DINNNNEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
Ah crap, here comes the head ache.
Since when is that news?
Which doesn't make sense; his main other language is French.
Really need to fall asleep earlier :P
Roads on Muldoon to Bartlett, Oklahoma and Boundary are fine.
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
trained like when u train a dog to do new tricks....Ariel roll over... lmao
I'm enjoying the latest issue of The Public Historian! Articles on state history as a useful framework, NYC & upstate.
For anyone who forgot caffeine is a drug, I invite you to see my Pepsi-ed children.
It sounded like a bat. Trying to reach my aunt for an update....
lucky girl! full report with pix, please!
sport? Sarah I hope you're taking a study break, because your brain seems about fried right now. <U+E409>
listen fam I didn't bring up the co-ed intramural league I won way back when the towers were up sounding like
RT RT : I'd like to see an atheist athlete thank the cold relentless chaos of the universe after a big game. // lol
#5bestsmells that new shoe smell
Be careful what you wish for because you might get it and it whinds up being something you don't want!
RT : I know, it's terrible. I'm hoping to change that. On a side note: I'm concerned about McCarter's lame duck session.
On May 5th, 1862, at Battle of Williamsburg, General Longstreet fought Union forces under General George McClellan.
#Facebook rolls out its new Timeline Profile tomorrow, some say long forgotten comments made in the past could come back to haunt you
I'll spend forever wondering if you knew
NO WRAPPING REQUIRED! Gift card purchases are 15% off this week. We can mail it to you or to your the person your giving to!
Haha anything other than axe. Axe makes me think of Eminem. Men need to learn some class.
And Lykke Li! RT : Adding to my playlist now! RT : Listening to today, it puts me in such a good mood -ZS
how many days till the Catching Fire movie...???:)
could fly you to mke so we can drive to az lol
Heading home from hot, dry Phoenix to hot, humid Dallas.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a mcdonalds paycheck i bette than not having no paycheck
i knw i have not been tweeting for a while coz i was having something called fun;;)<3!
This. x100 RT : Going from TNT's halftime show to ESPN's is like going from Disneyland to getting brutally beaten in prison.
!!! RT : I can't front. I love when the Lakers are losing lol
Thanks to and the rest of the creative team for an amazingly productive weekend. Gentleman's Rule is ready!
Hes finally happy now =) its a nice thing
Sixers became the 5th number 8 seed to upset the 1st seed in NBA history!!!!!
a nice dinner with a good conversation and maybe a good body rub..............
going to make a Twitcam? Xx
See there, that's called logic.
Such an amazing opening night! Love the cast & crew!! Can't wait to do it all over again tomorrow! (:
Our friend is always unpredictable. One of the most creative, talented, and menacing minds in the biz!
How you know where I'm at, when you haven't been where I've been. Understand where I'm coming from.... Cypress Hill
just had to answer some "Truth about you" questions. I love that everyone thinks I would key a car in revenge. It was a yes, every time!
On my way to Louisville for the Spring Game...gonna be a Strong day
..loved The Descendants! Wonderful flick. That George Clooney is going to be a star one day...
It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance as well, good suh. God bless you too.
about to go air on Power 92.3, interview w Beyonce Foxx just after 7pm....tune in Chitown!
finally we meet! It's great finally putting a tweet to a face. Keep up the good work!
Please help save the Dunk Contest!
REMINDER: Family Medicine Grand Rounds TODAY @ NOON in Gorman Auditorium. See you there!
apparently raven symone is dating the girl from milwaukee who was on ANTM this past season. get it, get it milwaukee sista!
Thanks, will do!
Even sadder that he got noticed by OLIVIA WILDE and you tweeted about him. :D
There is just something wrong about an 8 year old wearing high heels.
Don't have words for how mad it makes me to try to handle family biz & be told they* have to talk to my husband.*cable, insurance, bank, etc
NEWS: mid day host on 97.9 the Box in Hou has been added to the bill for the show. Artists annoucements start tomorrow!
Ultra bar. Good start.
It's a sad day when u mix coffee Patron with milk.. *hangs head* I'm not proud of myself right now
Thank u
I hate when there is nothing to eat at homee. -__-
irritated that there is mushroom in my veggie maki roll. Mushrooms != vegetable. Picking out as much as I can, mushrooms are my enemy
About time to go to the orthodontist, gah i really don't want to :'''(
Or maybe I just scratched myself into blood loss to my fingers.
Yo Ted! Thanks for the follow!
Yeeah. It Made Me VERY #Salty -__- And Thanks For Replying ! Follow Me So i'm not #Salty Anymore ? (:
If it's up to the same standards as the root beer is, then I'm sure it's amazing. Beer and root beer are two of my vices. :-)
yup and Onyx decided to sleep on top of me lol
I hope all the people who were angry and protesting a few weeks ago do something productive today and vote.
Kinda disappointed in j. Edgar....
You mean a professionally trained dancer won Dancing with the Stars? What a big surprise...
I Can Honestly Say Things Are Going Good <3
"Woman Crushed to Death By Midtown Elevator, 2 Others Injured" - right next door to Fluent Praying for the family of the woman who...
Donna, We Love to Love You Baby. You'll be missed. Your music will live on for generations.
Al Qaeda Alex....Al Qaeda likes Antz over A Bug's life.
that's an understatement!!! “: the rose ceremony uncut takes FOREVER.”
Last night got me very excited for #HFF12 - looking fwd to work by
good work bro! you and Kodid are gonna be great parents
im pretty good! :)
Conrad Murray guilty finally we have justice for michael Jackson. We miss & love you michael!! Nov 7 2011
Perfect cuddling weather!
psh, I can say whatever I want, she doesn't even know how to use it. Help her son!
IT WAS AWESOME, even though I told you that today.. haha
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Rio Sanctuary contest! We will announce the winner early next week. Happy Saturday!
your welcome :)
Is Draw Something a real game because I want in!
A.Peña: I use hands-on/inquiry based teaching so my 8th graders graduate thinking like scientists.
Watching the Home Chopping Network.
A: Unwise for state universities to rely on state safety nets with old law - can still be injunctions and criminal proceedings
follow (me) & (Kayla)...now Alix just needs twitter lol =) -Patience
Morning! Have a beautiful weekend!
endorsement deals... so damn ill...
Maybe the Campus Center?
Stupid twitter won't let me tweet
Oh I hope that I win!!!
CORRECTION: #Arsenal best team in all of London.
burger king waiting on you
A tradition like no other: Eating and drinking a lot on Easter.
Listening to Shake Your Rump :)
cuz we love greatness
Good group of guys!
If you enjoy my tweets, please let me know about guest post opportunities on your blog for executive #leadership!
Don't take a permanent action based on temporary feelings.
So glad Im here to entertain the family.
Go like best clothing line in htown :D
I can't drive, smoke, and tweet with my left hand. But I can with my right.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net congratulations to drew brees for breaking Dan Marino's yards record!!!
We are gearing up for what will be our biggest summer yet! Do YOU have friends who want to join us this year? Tell them to follow us!
ill ask Joel lol
Yeah, sometimes seems the F3 gets a bit overlooked, still seems solid in certain environments
Its very frustrating #PullItTogether RT : Dodgers can hit Giants can't . Were destined to lose a lot of games the way we hit
I feel so old
will be opening for M.C. Hammer at the 12th annual "Gathering of the Juggalos". See you there, ninjas.
#bestlovemovie The Titanic . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
And just so everyone knows- those are RIGHT in front of my desk.
Jacob beats my boyfriend in the whole trust/ kindness thing. That's fucking sad!
This Plies got me at work tripping. Turning the Ludacris Soul headphones even louder forget it. TGIF....
Come see us at The CANTAB LOUNGE in Cambridge tomorrow night with our friends SWOON! Show starts at 10 we go on at 11!
The Indian music fraternity came out in impressive strength for its first-ever multi-genre awards ceremony on the 10th.
Ah, good to know! Hoping he comes back for 1 more...or 3 more.
I look forward to it.
Wait 'til the #Castle fans find out--!
I hope wins AMERICAN IDOL!! He is soo good!
hook me up wit that Taylor Gang! Hahaha
We often wonder what life would be like if dessert was served first. Hm.
The problem is that people follow orders instead of dreams...
Just Obama campaign.
don't know if I could ever be, without you coz boy you complete me <3
thank you so much
In pain and then I get to progress reports-_-
With faith, letting go of a dream doesn't mean giving up. It means accepting God has better plans for you. Sweet dreams, everyone.
Today, Savage Garden and Dido played back-to-back on the radio. What have you done today?
I am thinking I will be in Indy the weekend of the 19th. Please tell me you will be around, and we can visit??
These #GreekConfessions tweets are killing me lol
my favorite place the Palace of the Fine Arts.
The ability to force people that talks way to much to be quiet!! Awesome!
I vote for Daniel.
Todays Top Story! Romney drops out of race. Takes a job at Long John Silvers.
hilarious...well done sir
Need to restart West Wing
Nights like tonight I think about what it was like to live in Wisconsin 5,000 years ago
a little late but - WOOOOH LIAM 3 MIL
that's good(: and no problem.(: <3
Excited for #BigOmaha tomorrow! Give me a shout if you'll be there.
I cldnt hear anything bc I was at the gym! I felt so bad for the gators! Apparently they eat little kids!
": Z-Bo bro"i agree
The think like a man movie is going off
its on the 17
...I BELIEVE IN YOU. YOU CAN DO IT. ...if anything just sneak up on stage.
April is #OTMonth!!!! Show some love for our Occupational Therapists!
Pleaze checkout OUR MUSIC VIDEO!!!! supra-My dreams Are our dreams. We're twin rappers..pleaze check it out!!!!!!! Thank You!
Black Forest Cake, deep rich and drenched in the highest quality Kirch on earth. Yum! Hits the counter at 4pm. #Belltown #cake NOT for kids
Watch out! ": That scares me . . . RT : I'm going to crotchet and bake my way in to your heart"
Just wrapped the short film Infatuation. Another quality film with a great cast & crew. I'm 4 for 4.
Class acts ready to reboot Irish economy
fuck it, we just need a ride!
The Music of Mexico concert has been rescheduled to June 4, 7:30 p.m.! Watch the web site for updates! www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
summer starts around june 7th
NFB welcome to Twitter
maybe if my bagel had been been g-free this morning, toady's twitter would be more exciting for ;)
Flawless now is said Shaw-like.
The other thing picking up Rudy Fernandez means is Deshawn Stevenson is out in Dallas. Now accepting apps for new Mavericks tattoo guy
Kids that blame their actions on their parents not being around or on a horrible upbringing <
While @ wk last nite I saw th ugly truth of my own flesh an immediatelly discovered I hv no excuse nt to wlk & live n th image of Christ.
wait I left that folderr with the digits at my house text me por favor!
Just had a test in speech for stage where we had to flutter our lips for a 12 count! Cmon on now!lol got an A ofcourse ;).
Off is the direction I wish you would fuck.
I just need your address!
Watching an #Insanity infomercial while stuffing my face with chicken tenders dipped in honey mustard. Irony.
Loving the healthy options!
I agree, 100%. Grant has a warm spirit, and true compassion for the clients they are asked to help.
that is hysterical.... Lmao
talking to my grandma!
because you should text me instead.
TONIGHT: Said The Whale with Say Goodbye To These! Starts at 8pm.
So Nick Perry is "soft" and has "no motor". Great. But he can't be any worse than Wynn, Wilson, Jones, Zombo, etc
Elejah is my favorite Elena ship, and I don't like DE and SE (At least not anymore). I ship doomed pairings like a boss.
Shit crazy RT : yes it is
Yum.... A great place for a cold or hot drink. Check out Taco Friday's and great soups/sandwich deals too! I Love this place!!
great pool of talent here M,) lots of growth here in the Pdx market ,) let me know, I'll give ya a hand,) J.A
The sleep was glorious!
is a MANIAC!
That or she dont wanna have sex with u RT Silence is a girls loudest cry u can tell shes really hurt when she starts ignoring u
wish they could be
for my new followers: please don't forget to follow for #hr and #hiring information and job opportunities!!! =)
What Do You Like Inna Boy : )
My daughter and I were just reading a Marvel Adventures:Avengers story together and cracking up every other panel - DvL
This is the official Twitter of SECO International, a provider of continuing education for eye care professionals.
it's sold out! Great for you...sucks for me!
The epic 2010 Wimbledon five-setter between and Nicolas Mahut.
I'm off to get my fishing license. Yes, you read correctly. Sunday is "obligatory semi-annual father and son do stuff I hate day."
how are u like 18 something but look like ur 40
That is Jack in the picture, we adopted him and he is wonderful. He had some medical prob but we sorted it out
Tickets are $25 in advance online or at the bar. $30 day of. Over 15 beers available and live music starts at 8pm!!
Do you have a projected date that we all shall meet up
": Mike Letizia: HR should understand the business side of the company in additon to HR side. #SHRM" Impact of healthcare costs on biz
u da sexist girl I seen on so far 4real
20 min on hold is still a tremendous fail though!
More great stuff today: Digital pubs, workflow tools, e-books, apps, CMS. We are changing fast around here. Exciting and exhausting.
Young broccoli sprouts hold super-antioxidant sulforaphane at least 30 times greater then other known antioxidants!
They didn't want 2 hurt people but were capable & they weren't afraid. They were awesome, moved like lighting, & stops without sliding.
What a day! Morning meeting, 3 afternoon events throughout Atlanta, and judged a fashion show this evening. Looking forward to tomorrow!
Some take the next step forward. Some leap forward. Which are you?
O. M. G. I just died inside. *yowza*
GOT FEATHERED!!!!!!
Heading to base camp in April. Would love to hear some stories and tips. Eric
I'm auctioning my authentic Mel Ott signed baseball '37 NY Giants, incl. Chiozza, Ripple, Moore, Bartell, Leslie, others...
I totally care too!! But they're cute and strong:)
- curious....is it better than a laptop? seems like the main consumer need that it satisfies is the need for a new apple toy
So happy the Flyers were eliminated. Not a fan of Jersey, but kind of hoping Brodeur wins one and goes out on a high note.
haha my dad is the exact same way
Pistons' owners selling the team. It's pretty much inevitable the team will find itself in another city. Kansas City, Vegas, get ready.
You're so welcome! Enjoy
we need a guy that can fit with zbo and Marc. I'll package OJ, Rudy and Conley for deron Williams
Tonight's Warriors-Thunder matchup will be one of the featured matchups of the NBA's first-ever Chinese New Year Celebration
In a lot of corporate and legal environments Skype is not allowed.
I am living abroad in Prague. I had sex with two sisters last night after I told them I was from Brooklyn. MLINY
that was a fascinating note-to-self :)
Thanks for the shout out ;)
Wed or thursday will be first day..will tweet the night before
So really cutting the fuck up today on my TL!
My brother originally had to work today so couldn't come up. He got someone to cover his shift& now he's suprising my mom. Shh!
Win a Happy Black Friday Cake! www.blackfridayhaul.com
I hate when people Say "nobody like the lions when they were 0-16" duh nobody like a losing team
Xcel energy getting on top of the power outages...out of a total of 33,000 customer without power earlier today, it's now down to just 1,600
only time he's woken up before noon all semester was for national signing day
FB messages now tell someone when you're ignoring them by telling them what time you viewed their message. BE WARNED.
well why don't you?
Dear Webby Humor Letter Blog
In Orlando..so ready for the water rides.
In LA with the babe!! wedding soon!!! :D
today was quite a draining day... glad that's over.
Watching Egypt events live with Al Jazeera English iPhone app on the bus home from work. Incredible! AJE has seized the moment.
sorry. saving the world from other evils. i'll get to yours eventually. BTW, are you still asexual? If so, might be longer.
I finally understand Tumblr! :')
I'm oblivated from happiness.
It's my jobs to make myself happy and my mate .
a #CLEfood #FF to and for helping spread the word about !
For some reason I used to hate Evernote... just gave it another try and it's awesome! Maybe because I didn't get all the capabilities?
Tickets to the games, please!!
James Gang is ordering some!!
Driving across town to find a dunkin donuts that has a drive through so we don't have to do a walk of shame in clothes from last night
All you need is 5 minutes a day to work on your dream for a better life. Make the time right now & stop the excuses!
Heading to Plug & Play Silicon Valley incubator (graduates include Paypal and Dropbox). Any questions you'd like me to include in mtngs?
I fucking miss my friends . I hate everybody at fucking glades !
this is true. i might just do it myself, although some staff might appreciate hearing it from someone else.
RT Please help save these cats! Feral cats deserve to live! #saveloewscats Boycott ! Pls RT!
Pleased 2 meet u Meredith. Thnx 4 the follow. WE're following u & Would've loved to attend that party.
Almost to #Seattle -- I'm kind of loving that #Amtrak now has free wifi!
Amazing Day
I had it done and I accidentally hit the delete button and ts all gone. All 3hrs of it. So pissed! I don't remember the answers
Zoo Zoo Zoo, Prom Prom Prom!
This whole shop is beautiful.
Take a bite out of child abuse! Visit , , , , & during
thank you pops!
Check Out My Friend Loren's New Musci Video with The CoEdz! She has always supported me! Time to share the love!...
hahaha oh my gosh too funny!!!
congrats indeed! i'll congratulate Fritz on their excellent selection next time i see him
not much. You?
apparently boxing makes you more ignorant than the average bear. You can only sell so many wolf tickets before you get caught.
#cara student Chandra C. secured a position as a Room Attendant at the Union League Club ()! 41 of 310!!
This means Michael Bay is changing April O'Neill's last name to 1st. RT I looked it up too, all the article dates say April 1st
Cabo would be pretty sweet. Assuming it would be really expensive. Getting a tan is an underweighted commodity.
Built To Spill @ The Fillmore
Yeah man... the "Best Day Ever" video is so good. makes some great music.
I see Bootsy baby!
I was calling Mike's phone for 40 minutes straight.
Apps for apes...wtf HLN! You got monkeys playin wit I-pads now?!
This was a great deal three weeks ago. How did people miss it?
. says customers generate 20% of content on Dell's web pages. He predicts it will quickly grow to 60% #scs11 WOW.
I'm making it! Slowly but surely. Hopefully will start seeing significant improvements soon..kinda tired of it!
I like watching documentaries. Especially the good ones.
Beth, I just signed for up for 's Get Yourself OUt There at Stanford Online; let's compare notes.
no, the Dalai Lama doesn't either.
Akib, Max, Vivian, Jeffrey, Serina, Toma, and Chaimaa. But apparently Leo was creeping on mine.... -_- so idk if he has one.
Interesting to see the #ows tag shift from a movement to coverage of a trial...
Support Breast Cancer!!!! Make a donation or join my team!!! Team Boobylicious Babes!!!! Go to www.komendenver.com to register online!!
i love joel
I'll take that as a compliment.
Omg this crazy af bro
Do u have a good cop story - where a cop did s/t 1derful for u or a loved one? Pls share! We r compiling "good cop" stories 4 a project!
Prom girls at the salon discussing when they're going to be washing their hair this weekend. Is that a thing now?
Working on a story about where our donations go when we give to charities. How much goes to overhead costs? How much goes to the cause? 5p.
Plus I think a big time "Hollywood Gaffer" already lives there. Bonus!
": trying to come to either next weekend or April 14th" I'm ready when u r!
what kinda nigga would I be sayin "naw I don't want no pussy"
RT : Words to live by > "Create. Learn. Improve. Repeat." via
And thanks to and staff, it was great to see you all in person. :D
Comfirming, i'll forward it to you, right, a tired, so goodnight baba girl x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
RT : <-----will be keepin her ass in the house this summer...murder rate in Philly is gonna soar...smh
We're thinking about trying to sell out the first #Orioles game back after the All Star break. Who's down? Not Opening Day, Halfway Day!
Producing an instrumental atmosphere to extend the end of one of Jeremy's songs on "From The Dust To The Stars" today, then mastering.
gourmet... #Survivior style!
thanks for the RT!
What did you think about The News?
Chris Carter! My ultimate favorite Viking!
about time
Thanks! Busiest day ever? I may have to change my plans:)
interesting would be the correct word, yes. ;) haha
Romney supporter... and now I'm thinking 'If you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter'
Playing Zork! Woo for text adventures!
No doubt, gotta shout out for spreading the word on yall. I've been working on my list for 3yrs! /Cc
yoooo!!!! Like I wish you could see what the heck is going on over here lol.
yess like this weekend!!!
Bosh is that important I guess. #Pacers can play though, legit TEAM
wah wah wah I stayed out til 4 am and partied like a rawk star and now I am working in my PJs at home MY LIFE ROCKS
If I lived in DC, I'd B a Nationals season ticket holder just 2 watch Strasburg- 97mph 2-seamer w/run, & a hook to follow. Wow.
come to atlanta,ga
Watching 106 & Park on BET is really making me want to go shopping right now. No joke.
Women r 20% more likey to do this than men are...What is it?
DARN YOU TWITTER AND YOUR SHORTENING MY TWEET x{ -shakes fist-
FinalCut Pro is no joke. Finger Puppet series is on it's way!
Ppr steve smith or colston? Don't do me wrong Burns!! ;) love the show!!! Thanks!
I can't wait for Alizee to be a croqueta on my beach!
fuck life. my shoulder hurts like he'll, :/
up north for the weekend... happy 4th!!!
Day 2 of the Texas Conference on Digital Libraries. Follow the conference
you make a good point,new trends in #socialmedia change so fast! There's always something new to learn every week.
why is it ok for some games to be released broken but when a rare gem like #ME3 exists it gets attacked because fans suck?
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Nah. Its that fire? But I was talking bout an R&B joint.
Omg lady. So you get ONE day off a week huh?
That would be cool! Maybe I'll see you then. right now, off to sleep! If I can!
This girl sitting in front of me in Pols writing a note to her boyfriend << Did I mention it says "Hi Goober"...
Exactly right! It's so simple, isn't it? Focusing on results is the cornerstone and the rest falls into place...
I'm jealous. But, if we would have gotten snow, I wouldn't have been able to finish school today. You win and you lose.
I've been seeing bunches of those tractors that the country fellas sing about. Taking up both sides of the road!
enjoying listening to Jai Vatuk...new CD.
In #Benicia gettn ready to c #Rob&Dionna make they big step n confess their luv for one another...THEY GETTIN MARRIED ..congrats n Blessings
Yeahh that's good. There was this one guy I STARTED talking to. It didn't take long to see his asshole side.
RT : THANKS! <--- loved all your designs! So talented!
At EKU Commencement Ceremony: Congratulations, graduates!
I guess this'll be a good test for the anxiety meds I'm on...
We're days away from the release of James the Brother of Jesus and the Dead Sea Scrolls by Dr. Robert Eisneman. Stay tuned for more info...
never could get into parks and rec. kinda like 30 Rock and office I like at first then it gets grating on my nerves :)
I totally understand you...good mood setter
ikr! ): its about how supposedly he stole the song.
This has been a good mothers day...I love Family
Insanity started today. This Fit Test and I have a lot of work to do...
Weird. I was at Applebee's. I dropped off my sisters car at Pep Boys at 1230, then walked to the nearest place that wasn't busy!
#20ThingsAboutMe I appreciate honesty regardless of my emotions.
Go Liz!!!! Space Camp should have a day named in your honor!
Thanks to #Fayetteville #Hastings for hosting my book signing today. Great people. Pick up my book there! A few hardbacks still available.
I'd love to tell all about it on #museumminute. Whaddya say?
#mostinappropriatethingssaid2me I would let you shit on me
Do I look to move to Chicago, move back to Milwaukee, or stay in Madison? I'm leaning towards Chicago.
holy cow - dawks win!
I don't know what this all means, but I'm hoping it works out for the better... (:
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person's physical, emotional, and mental states. ~Carol Welch
#ChristmasShopping is finally done! And I'm packed for the east coast. I hate flying but hopefully #Southwest will be ok
Man its so nice out! I haven't had the opportunity to talk to you all in awhile. What's new?!
I will have to flip between the Mets, Yankees, and NHL hockey tonight.
Finding a dead baby bird on the roof of your car is not definitively a bad sign, but it is definitely not a good sign.
Merry #Krisimas! I hope this is the best one yet! You guys coming to Tampa?
Hm. Skydrive for Mac imposes a 256 character length limit on full path name. Windows limitations go cross-platform :)
RT : What is the difference between an obstacle and an opportunity? Our attitude toward it. Every opportunity has a difficulty
TATER TOTS where the premiere form of currency in the cafateria back in school days! Yall know what I'm talkin about! Happy
Im not tryna go home
it's good it's just that the days are going by quick<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
No prayer is spoken too softly to be heard. (Natasha Isabelle)
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.-Orison Swett Marden
happy Orange Friday
oh I have one! It's in my brother's room!
OMG yes!!!
Wondering if you and your staff might consider doing a piece on tips for librarians and archivists looking to relocate.
Gonna be at the European Wine and Spirit Festival at the Sofitel Chicago 5-8pm. Pouring some premium Greek wines.
Probably top 2-3 clutch of all time.
to be clear, I'm not at British Embassy. RT'd because I used to work for the Diplomatic Service, like to follow former colleagues.
really good!! thank you!
turn on ABC family...
who's her favorite PF member?
Tonight, Chef Drew Dzejak of prepares Seared Diver Scallop Salad & Poached Citrus Shrimp. 7 p.m., Channel 14 / 32.
Going out to dinner with the little brother. Proud sister :'). We are having some bonding time together.
We'd love for you to share your old photos on 1000memories too!
aaron tv version 2.0 in progress
Can u please dm Justin my name ._.
Yeah! They host, we attend. :)
I've never set out to be different, I set out to be myself... I just happen to be very different
Early Saturday morning, my favorite time to create new burgers, anyone got a showstopper? Ooh, also don't miss corndogs 4 Easter tomorrow
The delicious Canadian hamburger photo-op by is making me consider a lunch time run to Five Guys.
“: Yep RT : so even the mascot has as many points as Gasol does? #smh” yay
Same pic and da name was close as hell SMDH
It will be three weeks friday. We are going home for three days.
Keep up the great work! You're well on your way!
At The Emerald Agency, we conduct a thorough and precise interview to assess your goals, experiences, and skills.
Almost to NYC! :) :) afraid if the giants lose tonight what the city will become
Ewwwww I was so jealous that you had the old ones too! You were one of the last of your kind lol.
Sorry, champ.
Fennimore looking for some insurance runs in the seventh with a pair of baserunners and one out leading Mineral Point 5-1.
#Looks like I could be playing a vampire again soon.it would be swell.#I'll start sharpening my fangs!##www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
My fear is my only courage. So I've got to push on through.
AVID IS CHALLENGING.....LORD HELP ME...ALMOST DONE
Hmphh. People these days!
Anyone hate math as much as I do?
TONIGHT MARCH 31 "OZONE BABY' TRIBUTE TO LED ZEPPELIN Roc n Docs SEE YOU THERE!!!! START TIME: 10:00PM
get back on
Well. Here we are. Well, well.
I heard #smb26 was awesome and 's Media guru rocked the panel. Sorry I missed it.
Tell your mom i said good job & thankyou for blessing me with you. your such a beauty<3
Where is your favorite beach in the world?
Very nice lol!
Okay I'm drunk I'm fucking drunk
I hate that false hope one experiences for the microsecond after blowing one's nose - I CAN BREA-- ugh, never mind - congested again...
are you back home :)
#OilersQA Did you ever find that DQ?
Working hard on implementing a fresh & improved new interface designed by Super excited about it. Gonna be a GREAT update.
Sufi masters and others too talk of pain as leading to the Divine...
I'm flying to NYC the day the Hunger Games premieres! UGH! Wanted to camp out for the first show in a loin cloth, with bow.
RT : He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. ~ Muhammad Ali
Books are the ideal solution to the dead moments when you have to wait and need something to do. Yes, you could listen to your iPod but ...
RT : My best moment of the season would be a tie between my first 30 20 game and the buzzer beater vs Dallas.
Im a
Just ran 2 miles with my pupadeus. I figured that if it was time to get into shape, it was time to get his tail wagging too.
we have this thing going on hoping something will spark soon enough! :)
Weekly Ketchup: I Am Legend Director for Catching Fire? This week's Ketchup includes new movies based on TV's The Rockford Files , the Di
#SXSW badge pickup time.
Alex Van Halen and Mike Portnoy!
Obscurity & competence - that is the life that is best worth living ~ Mark Twain
People blow me with their stats on FB.
Who?? Tell them to kick rocks!!!
looking for a positive spin on this and because we can't play USC in basketball this year I have nothing.
Exhausted from work, my weekend trip, dealing with the foreman and their errors. Feeling completely burnt out. At least weather was nice...
Sporadic snow, soothing songs, settling down to bizness of blogging (rachelzpetz.wordspress.com). Dogz Done 4 day.
it takes a hell of a man to handle that...congrats! Maxine was my g-ma's name whom I never knew and I will name my first girl max
This is not how I imagined tonight would go.
hi I'm such a big fan
i'll still talk to you on tumblr i promise :*
Get an Edge on Razor Manufacturers: 8 Strategies to Save on Shaving
In bed. Should be writing. :)
So...did you guys know that we're expanding? Because we are. And the archtitects are here. And it's super exciting!
omgshhhhhh, its Cinco De Mayo tomorrow... i gotta start planning my fake Mexican roots festivities!
Need an oil change? We come to you for a change.
I like #SenoritaBanana better! LoL! You should come!
I fall asleep for 4 hours I wake up and can't even go back to bed. :(
RT : Learn Another Language By Seeking Education Abroad - Study Abroad Programs There are many educational institutions t......
Anyone know how to beat driver 2 Rio level 7 for ps1? #stupid #distressed also I had #pizza for dinner which was
modern warfare 2 is beast but i have to wait till friday
Why is at my house and I'm not?
Five thousand is the largest isogrammic number in the English language. The longest English isogram is subdermatoglyphic.
I was elected by the women of Ireland, who instead of rocking the cradle, rocked the system. - Mary Robinson
Another great day of training for our athletes, #CopperMtn has the best early season terrain!
We would love to see you all this Sunday. It will be a lot of fun. You'll feel like you're back in
thanks thanks thanks!
I need to STEP My workout game up, have a good weekend my man!
So glad you were able to attend #cstweetup tonight Great to see you're on Twitter now=)
great meeting !
You and I were having PARALLEL LIVES this week! Could NOT get math resolvee until I'd charted out each size decrease!
n i know women from previous program n shes kind n considerate n not a stiff lipped academic. also she ll let me talk 2 PA prgram director
Doctors appointment :)!
Memories can't be forgotten that easily.
Youre chosen and selected to be first. Youre not an extra but a headliner! You were cast in this film before it went to production. Live it!
The Myth of Mobile Content Marketing
que paso ?
the sexual tension between and I is motherfucking palpable! FEEL THAT AIR SEX AND DIG IT! FUCKING DIG IT!
Happy Birthday to our talented organ and accordion player, Jason Federici!
#Justice4MJ (Finally Michael Jackson can rest in peace now) We Love You Michael..
Should just pour up and take a drive, lol
Hilarious! It never really leaves you!
lucky! what grade are you in? You're from NY right?
RT : A Southerner knows that "fixin" can be used as a noun, a verb, or an adverb.
About to drive across the US on Route 66 starting in two days. Woo!
thanks for the shout out.
Our pleasure. Happy Holidays!
Can't get your DM from Twitter. (!) Answer is yes! How-to or tutorial would be great. Send a proposal/outline, and let's talk!
good:) just watching American pie:P you?x
Senate considering HB1271 on 3rd Reading
I thought Goodell's violent hugs may inspire these young men to continue the fierce nature of the game.
Are you at this Hawks game, sir?
It is! Just added it to my queue! :)
My main reason for switching twitter clients was 1) stock is very very slow 2) twitter notifications come hours late.
just said, "I got a throat freeze; how does that happen?"
RT : That is a problem - G+ is early adopter stage. many of older donors/supporters are just now on FB
The #Bills have put Fred Jackson on the IR, so his season is over. Sad end to a Pro Bowl year.
I'll follow you too lucky colts land lol
Cleveland hasn't gotten off his back.
Did you know 2,079 #Americans are still #missing and #unaccounted for from the
to keep it real i never woulda left
forgot who said dis but he said everybody wants to be famous but very few people stay up til 5 n the mornin workin
LOL and roller derby! :) shout out from GB
Yep. That's the plan. Even more of an incentive to pay that high priced plane ticket. :-)
Follow my tweets,Is Hot related to Watch American Idol Online
People do not deserve good writing, they are so pleased with bad. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Obama's voicing support for marriage equality makes me feel like Obama & I were flirting for a long time and he finally told me he likes me!
Taping a live set at Ace Hotel w Trampled By Turtles - great players they are!
Today : , "biggest tech co by mkt val." Who would have thought back in,say,1993: "profit margins eroding...to lay off 2,500"
For deserving students from all backgrounds,the USC Mork Family Scholars Program will open doors not only to a university, but to the future
You're right that people ignore spectacle—but what bodies deliver content and what bodies deliver spectacle?
absolutely! Although I don't know if I want to see any of my old geocities creations some scary stuff back then
With Best Pic getting 10 nominees, any chance documentaries will get more?
um-that is NOT lisa Turtle! yikes!
I wish I could have made it down for more parm & pea pasta, but alas, 7 hrs is a long drive.
fans can be a part of the upcoming feature film Katy Perry: Part of Me! Check out Katy’s Twitter page to get involved!
the first ep I saw was the angel statue ep! #omg scared me half to death!
RT : Twin Peaks is making me crave coffee and donuts. Also, very sympathetic to the plight of Tibet.
Sorry for the delays but so glad you like it!
Is it weird that I rather go to the dentist than to the eye doctor? I'm terrified of getting my pupils dilated
whats wrong with that?? ;)
bro lebron is 6'8" 250+ and he's from akron Ohio ask bout that life
Because we are waiting for Joe Crede to come out of the dugout....I wonder if Ventura will just take over 3rd?
Cool buddy, I will DM you my # and let's grab some dinner this week if we can!
RT Aaron and I are expecting! We're so excited to add baby 2 to the family. // congrats!!
Despite that, we STILL nearly pulled it out!
the weekends just don't even matter anymore.
As usual, i agree with : Gloria Steinem has endorsed What I think, as an individual: We need to re-elect him.
Are you serious?
I'll ruin it by posting this, but I have 567 tweets right now.
I cant see Payton no where else
clearly not everyone should have tattoos they only make you more awsome!
how about a nice cigar?
Thanks amigo!
Don't know the song, but that is most ridiculous name of all time. I was flabbergasted when I found out it wasn't a stage name.
Who wants to play WHERE IS WALDO? Tell us where Waldo is and try to up that #vacation #travel experience - no ads pls!
Only one shot at a dream, live with no regrets and take chances. Who know's if tomorrow will be a last day..
ugh are you fucken serious -__-
Go Follow ASAP #teamblackhouse--->
You will have a happier life if you learn to forgive people instead of thinking of how to hurt them and get even with them!
Today I Stepped On A Cornflake. So i guess that makes me A Cereal Killer #ThugLife !
RT : Straight from DTW Airport to the Six Street Lofts venue to setup for tonight's Gala Let's make it happen!!
At RB Rotary w Rotarians sing a welcome song to their guests!
- Larry Brown coming on tomorrow????? Is Toby in Houston coming on tomorrow too??
Lunch Amy’s Bean & Cheese Nacho Snacks, Poland Springs Water
Just a little less than an hour and a half before the final Pretty From a Distance show. You coming?
you speak the truth
"Kids join gangs because they got no one at home and they don't love themselves enough." - 16 yr. old girl in yesterday's workshop
Oh... And Zulegar was ballin' may steal the show at the Spring Game
I know u gon kill it !
at my brothers baseball game. haha
I want Starbucks
If ppl who answer the phones @ Zappos R the most important employees, then R our ushers the most important employees? ~
No doubt! RT Opening night for Cirque de Soleil's "Totem" in San Diego. AMAZING!!!!!
After years of aguing about the Middle East I had my first argument in the Middle East today.
Wow! Twitter has photo sharing. Is that coolness, or what?
Singing at private party outside by the pool;)
Jimmy Conway >>>
Can someone explain what is the definition of the "snowflake generation"?
Since 2011 over 27K fewer families are receiving assistance to help them afford child care so they can work.
So, dudes up in the mirror showing how big their asses is. I wanna do. c;
has internet again!
Getting excited for Mexico but trying in your bikini at home alone is the saddest feeling
Have you ever wanted to play the piano?
#Browns just showed why they are the worst team in the #NFL. Reiff and Hill = better value at 22.
There has been a minor change in the schedule for #WellnessWednesdays & I will be teaching the #CFYoga this week !
Feeling good, having shown my boss some of the UI elements I'm introducing into their admin areas. The "U" stands for "User," people!
I get to see my sweet boy in a week.
they did! Very well too. I thought about texting you
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTl
Time to go cram for finals
I come to class to see your pretty face every day.
kinda I guess
awesome will do thanks
I'm a cat apparently.
Still at work (SMH). Long day. Headed home soon then off to soccer practice. I feel a run to the border coming on (Taco Bell).
ok we'll make to check it out at
lol omg you'e just blowing it !! jk jk
#InCollege Thursday equals to Friday. yeah huh!
Great ending to
Count down to Salsa Under the Stars {{{TONIGHT}}} at the Albuquerque Museum Amphitheater, Old Town. See you @ 7pm!!!
im lost... process of elimination: I know it's not
I quit smoking. Im tired if people stealing my lighter.
re "reducible to numbers", I agree. But point seems pretty clear to me from observing last several years.
You should also try to swing by !
Blame it on the rain
#lgovsm not the content unless it is agreed - the fact of it happening seems ok
RT frustrates me when male colleagues react to women-only code sessions with, "Why am I excluded?" Instead of "Why don't you feel included?"
A problem should not take the full 50 minutes of class to teach.
its just not the same&sitting there mking millions makes you seem out of touch too.
haha, okay. Found a recipe for toasted marshmallow ice cream, but it requires cooking the yolks which scares me.
Tamara at A: there is a limit, the more you segment an audience, the larger room for error there is."
Nothing in that article about Facebook should be a surprise. It's common practice for most sites. Facebook just gets the attention.
okay... and oh yea my bad I forgot I'm not texting you lol
Kyle Kuric proposed to his longtime girlfriend at the UofL Dental school graduation. She said yes.
Happy birthday! MT Happy Birthday to...us! The MoMA opened its doors on this day in 1929. We had 681 visitors the first day
oh my, where's my fainting couch...
Tomorrow's Budgeting Workshop has been canceled due to lack of sign-up. We apologize for any inconvenience.
I did, and I do! I need to relax, remember her words of wisdom, and forget the commas.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you are well!
The Urban Meyer stuff at signing day.
Now this is interesting RT : This article certainly is interesting given the Local Paid Inclusion brouhaha - bit.ly/wQcgKr (read #7)
All I want for christmas is you!!!
DID YOU KNOW?! "A housefly hums in the key of F." YOU'RE WELCOME!
a friend of mine getting married in Long Beach. is already happily married!
I've been at the library for an hour and a half, but if feels like it's been 5.
“: Can't sleep. Watching AGT with the West Coast. Let's go.” Crash time for me, Fred, but I recorded it.
I wanna go to the one @ south padre...is it scary :S
so validating! Thanks.
do yourself one better and skip the actual graduation...
But were all the same cuz on St. Patricks Day were Irish an so on an so on
Thank you for the RTs!
Greatly enjoyed my 100 minutes at #edcampIS; thanks to organizers , , etc. Racing back now for school auction.
I'm NEVER lending out hair ties again. I never get them back.
JP Morgan's lobbying expenses: 1.9 Million Dollars. Trading Loses: 2 Billion Dollars. Being a JOB CREATOR needing no regulation: Priceless.
me too but why does Tamara have to be so cynical
Mom you're obsessed with the Australians.
that's a good one... right now I'm shooting with a 15-30 Sigma which is OK optically. I love the super wide
Nearly 20 years ago, an archaeologist told me that "stones do not move". The ancient animations prove that statement wrong.
Capping off a great day with Debra Moffitt, Robbin Gourley, and Walter Dean Myers!
apparently. I stopped after the first episode.
“: People are game changes - 77 million people turn 65 this year. #tchra” <-- institutional knowledge right out the door.
Woo! Dr. Who! FYI, for Christmas I asked for and received a Tardis.
lol they're rad dudes i hope you win!!
Spring students: What advice do you have for summer students getting ready to go?
um, what?
“: is it one of your personal shirts???” could be!
thanks a ton! Working well
LOVE Guru I AM :D
our new single "Know How To Dance" is soon to be dropping this month (;
every time i see someone talking about OKC i automatically think they're talking about Okcupid.
- Guess our guest supervisors R more popular :) P.S. You can also reach them for free. Good luck.
sorry folks, is closed. Minifig outside shoulda told you.
You know the great Colombian spot. I applaud you!
Back in my old Kentucky home.
Please follow me !! :)
hate drinking something...and it's so cold that you can't feel your fingers anymore. >_>
I saw a tweet with a headline, but I didn't read it. She's a teen mom who travels around speaking about abstinence. SMH
I was blasting WMYB in the car and singing loud &my 3year old sister tried to roll up the window... I'm just that cool
Watching #MIOBI United States!-
what branch was your father in? My dad was in the Army, Pacific theater
this day needs to end
SUGARFAMILY WILL STAND UP FOR
your shoes are always so edgy! ahh love it! you make everyone feel so special....kisses =)
We got somethin for okc ass!!
Overwhelmed with love from my friends.
#SanDiego why are you so nice? Maybe it's because where
I know, but the #Clarisonic is seriously wonderful. The Mia is the smaller one and it is only $149, but #Olay is $28, hm....
Yes, the phone Kony lesson goes to geopolitics, the great white savior and global philanthropy. A great teachable moment.
You guys are awesome!
good one
It was just my imagination
We like the idea of luxury lounginess occurring in our charming little space.
still not feeling well?
CRASH: 99th @ Stark, only one westbound lane is getting by
your trip is making me nostalgic! and reminded me there's a popular dessert in CA called a nanaimo bar, a brownie-like variation
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Where have all the followers gone – long time lasting – they have gone from Mitt to Newt –long time lasting …
are you trying to view or register? We want to help...send us the link of what you're seeing?
wave to me in the photopit
So tell me this did Wade really get all in the coaches face like that and he bumped him???
Remodeling of upstairs almost complete. :)
MIAMI IS ONLY 1 HOUR AWAY!!! WERE BREATHING THE SAME AIR!!!
Not stated in 's presentation: Morgana becomes evil, gets scary-sharp cheekbones; sacrifices Morgause + 5% bodyfat.
Yeah :/ happened last night too. So I just put on a movie for tonight. Hopefully it'll be back on tomorrow.
I can't DM back you bc you don't follow me :( hahaha
Thanks. The templates worked GREAT for the session! Save me LOTS of time getting ready!
I just don't understand. There should be an IQ test to be parents.
I promise to never tweet this much about #TheBachelorette again. It's just that it's the season premier!
Oh you will. I"m sure of it. I don't even know what it would be like. I don't have words.
just bein a guy
I love sunglasses cuz u can stare at a lady and masturbate and she'll think you're masturbating to something slightly above her head.
You are obviously the one who cares--I just brought up another side of the 'legacy'
It's all makeup ;)
Pretty Girl Swag.
Tumbledown tonight at The Mint. Grammy's tomorrow.
Thanks, Kris! Watching!
Yesir buddy! Since 7 g...ready today son!
way to copy that comercial.
followed :) I love ur Background and icon <U+2665>
Totally stunned at the moment. SMH!
dang whybaby why
This old bum at work just told me to get out his face before he gut me like a fish LOL ok
imma look it up fa sho... u tryna roll ?
“Dreams don't always have to exist when the sun is down and your eyes are shut.”
Trinity has $2 Pucker Bombs tonight! 125 E Juneau
will there be time at the March meeting for me to talk about geotagging sensor data using #Processing, #Android and #Arduino?
yo bro! all you need is a van! shes in middle school! no ice cream just pizza!
Working happy hour for tonight. 2 for 1s. And, I'll buy you a shot if you beat me at darts, which is likely since I'm very rusty
same # as the Packers this year
I absolutely adore and completely love you Danorush02!!!
Finally going out to eat peruvian. Once I get back #Insanity and then sleep.
I know <U+E32D>
#organdonation status button shows power of social networks to change lives: Dr. Randolph Schaffer of
Marvin is the Best Voice in Gospel to me
Bass and Drums are the key ingrediant to any awesome band u those two instrument locked on the bottom your in good shape.
Best day of our lives
To all my followers that followed for me deserves a cookie . <3 ilove you guys (:
Isn't K-high good here a bunch? I never get dealt hands that big, but feel like its very thin value and would check.
I can't sleep!
Wants to congratulate his radio partner in earning a doctorate in cold rockin it!
CONGRATS to ur family!!
vs zone that may not be a bad thing
Cutting it up boss!
$49 for a month membership and a 25 minute massage at The Sporting Club or La Jolla Sports Club ($250 value!)
Sister, this story hurt me. : I posted it on my fb ..... Smh sometimes I lose so much hope in our judicial system."
I realize that I am beginning to make a lot of people uncomfortable when I bring "race" and "oppression" into "our" perfect world of yoga
Great way to wake up. Phone rings - "Are you available for the next two days?"
like??? A website has gone live??
I am practically salivating over my planned mid-morning nap
YOU ARE AWESOME !
Thanks Karen! Seems like the photo business is treating you well! Great job!!!
That awkward moment when you realize 4 days of trying to figure out a data snafu was caused by a crazy dumb mistake you made at the start.
Good to know you like & appreciate the work we've done exposing Christianity as a deliberate fraud. We have a lot in common.
oops my bad #mahomie ! better? haha
More than half of 2012 grads out of work or underemployed and the #GOP to blame
Celebrating #Easter morning blasting !! No one will ever steal the joy I have in Christ! God Bless Everyone! #HeIsRisen!!
that shit cray. I HATE those girls.
hahaha, whatever works!
They hate what they can't understand, I'm past their comprehension...
def dude lol damn that sucks thou well wish u where here would smoke u out h8t smokein out bymyself
exhibit. Diverse crowd interested in exhibit-quality & characters. Thanks to Moss, Dirk & photographer Jesse.Come 1st Friday July 3,6-10.
Coming up at 4:15pm CT: interviews about Allen West's divisive remarks.
completely opens up the bracket for us! Good luck tomorrow, i'm gonna be a force to be reckoned with when cals at the line
Beautiful eyes and an amazing smile
#idRatherHave The And1 Shorts Than The Nike Shorts
Bleh dont you just love family
Stands It To Think Now
Cleaning cars :)
Probably soon. Would you like me to retrieve you from the coffee shop when we decide to leave? It'll save you a rainy walk.
Today's strategy to slow all the two legged swimmers in the water with me down - blind them ; )
#incaseyoudidntknow I love your smile.. :*
Hunger games!!!
Sox are awesome..
best. Mothers Day tweet. Ever!
No One ever said it would be easy!
Def cool, in a bunch of ways too: the innovative way of recruiting by , the shout out of my man , nice
Will try to get paper back to you today-- proctoring wrtg SOL this morning so will have time to finish :)
Chilln until the fight tonight..
Consulting Zagat for a place for dinner. Suggestions?
Direct Message me your cell. Camera on deck for your birthday!!!!!!!
If they lose I'm holding you responsible! :P
yeah that was the problem i forsaw ... that he and grimes are both big gamblers and 2 of those is dangerous to have
Come to the CAB meeting tonight @ 7:30pm in the Senate Room. This is your opportunity to decide what you want to do or see on campus!
good for them
Last chance to support launch of exciting new ethical fashion boutique Vaute Couture. is matching donations!
ok x
Just made lunch. Now it's time to do some rewrites. I have over 800 songs so this is gonna take awhile...
Follow the adamouski international art competition if you are an emerging artist and would like to gain more direct opportunity
Carve out some time today to exercise and I guarantee you....it's time well spent and you will never regret it!
The three golden rules of designing for friends and family, by Mike Kapetanovic (): netm.ag/qTpYDb What's YOUR experience?
It felt really good waking up this morning.
Can't wait to try it out - thanks!!
Still one of my favorite Hendrix songs - "Rainy Day, Dream Away"... Thats LA today! Check it out!
Almost my birthday :)
Loved Oprah's Next Chapter with Bishop TD Jakes :-)
The reason I don't like mullets is because I like to party in the back AND in the front.
Aw! And here's to many more! Happy mother's day to you!
thank you and congrats to you as well!
Best time at our retreat! Love my K<U+0394> girls <3
: Thats ok! thx for the follow :-)
There is a single solution to all the problems in this world today, it's entrepreneurship. :)
So much beauty can blossom from brokenness. Read Isaiah 41:10 Hugs to you Kalona!
#nowplaying botch. We are the romans.
"All who hate me love death." -Wisdom
far? i am doing great ,uncle don land.he called some hours ago.
Potential "uh oh it might be 88" Boston Marathon cheering gear to include freezepops and super soakers.
I didn't believe voting for a guy I might want to "have a beer with" was a solid reason to chose this countries leader.
Make a difference today in someone's life!
GCB has been canceled. God will get you for this, ABC!!!
Enhanced security inside courtroom. 4 Travis Cty Sheriff Deputies just at the door to courtroom. 2 guarding the gate to prosecutors/defense.
btw- wish you were here to get drinks with us tonight Haley! come on what's better than #vampirediaries and drinks?
“ RT : I wasnt born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel.”
Before beginning a Hunt, it is wise to ask someone what you are looking for before you begin looking for it. - Winnie the Pooh
Just got an amazing submission to the contest. There are penguins involved. You guys are taking this up a notch! Love it! - The B Side
yay! I'm a customer for life now! (:
Re-eeding?? What is this reeding you speak of?
- No problems, call or email me tomorrow at your convenience. Thx.
thanks for great valentines night out!
I have site visits and board member event planning tomorrow. Sprained ankle at the worst time. not sure how to make this look classy?
In Europe, coffee was once paired with anarchistic political activities.
he is and I know it was random, but I thought you would of liked to knoow :)
#StayAwayFromMeIf you are gonna want me to change for you.
Its not cool to string somebody along and lead them to believe that you care about them.
DeVante Designz Inc has created all new walmart and target Christmas ad's for TV commercials , keep a eye out for them :-)
At least you didn't compare it to MySpace. (Also, I am sort of secretly fond of GC.)
Half of dickinson saw me cry yesturday.-_-
ill be at dan electros guitar bar tomorrow night pm For Open Mic blues jam Join me
Don't forget u can pick up that smirk clothing 2222 summit ave col ohio we movin the movement
Finding that the busier my #socialmedia career gets, the less time I have to monitor my OWN social profiles. Anyone else have that problem?
I'm sorry, but this American freedom stuff is hilarious! Stand up for America, bitches!
Thanks! I'll look these places up. I'm still on eastcoast time so will be very early...4-ish? :)
Favorite Monkees song: "She". Setting my original Monkees lunchbox on the altar today.
EVERYBODY WISH A HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY SO HE GETS LAID TONIGHT FINALLY
T work is rude..must have beer!
haha send this diva a text when your working in Nash !
Keep it up!
fukyoukaren means idgaf because I'm trying to look cool but I really do give a fuck lol
Justin Bieber looks ridiculous walking out next to Mayweather and 50Cent on
fuck i might accidentally clicked spam, i drag the link to a new tab. let me know if i DM you with a link a random spam link..
When one is looking for the internet broadcasting service provider, they should look into the firm for all the features that it is providing
every time someone gets eliminated on a reality show they say "this wont be the last time you see me" but then you never hear of them again.
Hey guys! It keeps getting better! stay tuned for upcoming shows!
Yay it's Thursday! Good morning world! Thursday = My Friday
My favorite visualization technique is imagining a white (or I like to do violet) light around u that is healing and will protect u.
RT : Reform Jews everywhere celebrate a historic day in U.S. history. Thank you, President Obama, for endorsing marriage equality!
Bootcamp #3 in progress...more info later this week...
Im helping PATSY STONE at #Marni right now. Kinda dying.
It was $26.66 with tax. That is the price if you buy it at the box office. It will be slightly more if you order online.
Pretty sure my school is screwing my grades so I have to go to summer school.
ok... twelve hrs painting is enough for today. time for scotch and hockey.
Playoff guarantees are never a good thing! Go out and do it!
Mama's Gun was the best Erykah Badu CD
is playing billboard!?! If they could tweet and help get `s views/comments up to play it too that`d be amazing.
why do beliebers, smilers, swifties and selenators always think i'm into their music because of one direction? you can't even compare them
I gotta change my pic I've gotten so much hair since then
If you are cold at night, let the promise of my love cover you like a warm blanket. Matthew White
Congratulations and WELCOME to our newest member to the Precious Gem Team, SONDRA CASTELLO who signed up on line.
Sometimes that one person,isn't worth it anymore </3
please tell mike mayock all scoring plays are reviewed. He said on Wallace play: "they have to throw the flag on that one"
#ABDC is on(:
I haven't ran into a real man In this city yet only drug dealers n lord knows they dont flock ova here
thanks so much babe! Right back atchya xoxo
#Tigers just beat the White Sux 10-8. Damn near lost this game in the end.
National Lampoons Christmas Vacation
so my buddy is telling me Jack.in.the box across the st are selling parking tkts fr 500
Is the blonde chick for big bang theory smart?
Sitting between two awkward first dates at the bar at Abigail's. On the plus side, got my drink without needing to order it ;)
My comedy plans this weekend are doing 10 open mics then go home and try not to pull the trigger
Booked a worldwide commercial for Amazon Kindle today !!!! :D
"i feel bad but... girl sucks" hahhaha
hahah ok. I'll be here bored to death
f'ing golden
Looking forward to following and tweeting with the DC Seminar folks!
THE BEST PLAY I HAVE EVER SEEN!
everyone follow
my dad passed away. I want u to know cause I know u will understand. Love u kidding.
I love Softball!
Is it just me or is Verne way off his calls tonite ?
Who up fwm
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." - Ron Swanson
Working on a cover of 'The Lazy Song' by Bruno Mars! It's gonna make you not wanna do anything...
Not a hashtag but any text within the tweet. I'm also hoping for some actual text understanding - run matches running and ran.
Well I guess good bye to twitter for a couple hours.
Words they will get a treat!
God I thank you for waking me up this morning, because someone didn't make it
are you kidding me?!?!?! Please explain to me why Travis Orlando went home? #noheart that kid is awesome
Today's tip: When lifting weights, don´t grip the weights too hard. Too hard of a grip can raise your blood pressure.
This classical music bullshit
NYC DOE to close Williamsburg Charter High School. History of trouble. In 2010 charter posted ads offering $100 rewards for new students.
Triple H > ....It's not even close
Hey Anna! Saw that you followed us. Thanks for the follow. We gave you a follow back.
Going clothes shopping again today. You only live once, right?
need to get my driver's license renewed today...sounds less than fun...
Great! Gotta a few more weeks before she's ok for public places.
I'll be able to die happily the day Kanye and Taylor Swift do a song together (btw: I've never heard a Taylor Swift song).
That was fun! Have do done Z or R twice?
1426 Fashion Week takes pride in how far we've come. But, we HAVE FAITH in how far we CAN go. See Nov 11-13 in Ft Lauderdale.
Malya saying we know how difficult life is in the rural areas, so we work to give people support.
Another day in hell ugh save me <3
Time for Hoosiers to vote tomorrow!
Follow Please ?
Curse you, reply all!
Ah I know! I ask him to every day!
God will only take you into a conflict he's equipped you to win.
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
it's downtown near church street. And no it's still open lol
well I guess if you want change, you gotta start somehow. I just wanna get home from the overwhelming B.O. myself.
Any of my #nanowrimo peeps up for some #nanowordsprint s?
“Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.” ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Making Toast by Roger Rosenblatt is my #fridayreads - memoir of helping to raise his daughter's kids after her death. Beautiful, sad, wise.
nahh blood... jokes. its coo tho
What i wanna know is who keeps tigers, monkeys & other exotic animals as pets? They belong in the WILD people!!!!
Good luck to today sitting with over 100k in chips!
Hot City Pizza - just discovered it. Has a unique, sizable beer selection.
Hmm to me she does and plus youre saying a 28 year old isnt buying? yet 20+ y/o are loving her?
oh, I love classic rock! And I love that you share that adoration! Reverb snares, big hair, big guitar solos!
yeah! :D
any contests coming up to win American Idols Live tour tickets? I would love to go!!
if this were a song - it would continue "I'm ready to play..." ;)
Good God!! Be a kind neighbor and NEVER cook fish!!
hm, I wonder how much we can get for a 9" custom one...
okay time for sleep :) Gotta be up early in the AM. Good Night everyone.
alright let's go
Oh word? In there. RT : S/o ! Opening Night for New SportsGrill () 2night! College Park MD!
#ihateitwhen you take a 3 hour nap wake up and your still tired, but it's too late to go back to sleep.
no shit?! Dam I'll go read that.
Off to bedd.
you can socialize on our porch anytime! ASO to the person who "didn't want him on their porch"
Just woke up from my nap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I always have this fear that one day you are going to discover that Im not as great as you once thought I was.
Humans create their own ecological niche w/language & culture. Need to recreate if it's going to be sustainable.
#california bound! i'm so looking forward 2 some alone time with my honey!
Lake Oswego School District Superintendent Bill Korach to extend contract by additional year
my coach didn't play me and I was ticked so I went in the game for the final 3 minutes. Fouled out, 3 were offensive fouls. Lol
I miss you
My friend Zach Fleury says if you're a hipster in Seattle you tweet, instagram, and wear skinny jeans...interesting formula
I'm pretty sure that TD pass also tied P. Manning for most TD passes in a season in a dome with 32
The Sky is blue <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> The Money is green <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> The Weed is purple <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
here i go again...
Thank You To All My New Followers via-(twitter)> Fans via-(reverb) > Friends via-(myspace)> And Likes via-(facebook)...
Casting calls for Makeup artist and wardrobe artists today!!!!
Writers: get published at ezinearticles.com ...
might be kind of long distance runaround.... ;-)
thank-you for the retweet. much appreciated ; )
Next game is tomorrow night 6:00 at Montbello vs Pine Creek
I've never seen a picture of you! You should post one :)
What is 39??
When you’re lost in this crazy world you got somewhere to go and get found. Thank God for hometowns #nowplaying <3 this CD!
country boys>>>>
No no I'm really not that excited to see oh who am I kidding I'm so freaking EXCITED AH<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
raging headache + work = megan in a raging mood
Check the "Events" tab to find the diLasso concert info and RSVP....we're still figuring out Facebook's new Page format.....
Certainly, one can have morals without law or religion. Or can they? (Part 2/2)
Beats make music great.
Remember that time my husband fell asleep on metro, wound up 40 miles away, lost his phone, and had to take a cab back?
I have a shiny, new PO BOX- one step closer to my LLC! Wonder who will be the first to write to me at PO Box 12132 Albany, NY 12212-2132. :)
in chicago-ese that is 'blogger-fy'
Was searching for the #supercomputing company #Cray and found no account. Instead I found mobs of people tweeting cray as #slang. What now?
Food Fact of the Day:April 28,1796 'American Cookery' by Amelia Simmons is published in Hartford. The first cookbook written by an American.
wont take a pic of my 18th century tv
hi! yes, i would love some museum-types to follow :)
are you going to HHI?
Also we are 3 away from 200 followers, let's get all those today and when we get to 1,000 followers we may start doing some prizes!!
Drupal 7 successfully moved from Ubuntu Lucid to Amazon's Red Hat rebuild. I think I installed every PHP module known.
I hate Joe Buck
Making coffee and looking at the stock market.
Sarah legitly said ''can i have a taste of the rainbow'' without realizing it
If you ever want to get hold of me via phone or whatever you can follow me and I'll send you in DM anything you need
Smokin! Just the thing to go with some ice cold 'Rita's.
I bet that one is gonna be filled with
Thanks man . And work with you as in like what ?
Let's hope the Tigers can build some momentum with this comeback victory of the palesoxs
It seems as though every time u scorn someone they seem to get their act together.
So #oomf tells me I was slap the shit out of her ex bf but I really don't remember that at all...I guess I really was drunk that night smh
sounds great!
it was awesome to connect in San Diego! Hope your trip home went well & that you enjoyed
Tired archivist here. Love my day to day work (was born to do it, I think), but geez I need to do some searching.
I just forgot about it. I doubt anyone will do it.
Dreaming of a "4-hand" massage ...
Looks like I'm gonna own my first jets tshirt
It's MY time! I'm gonna "Go Get It"! Thank you for your constant inspiration, God bless you & the entire Atkins family!
unplug and replug the power connection to modem and airport. starts with modem first
Drilling his own river ice pays off for Alaska man - BusinessWeek
Fuck All haters
Happy to show support for Nashville/TN tonight by texting GAC to 501501 fundraiser was great!
I know!
“: a little bit of sandy in the sun” hahahah
What video is everyone talking about? ** The one with Vinny**
Good Morning to All my parents
I live by montwood middle:p RT by where do u live?o:”
Grocery store line: the woman in front of me just drank half a bottle of antioxidant juice & then told the cashier "I don't want this."
nice cant wait to see
why the unfollow, man? I don't make the cut for 167K followers? Ouch - follow me back
It never got cold enough this winter for me to wear my new snow pants...I'm breakin' 'em out today, in late April! Yeah
Hear, O Lord, and be gracious to me! O Lord, be my helper! -Psalm 30:10
that's awesome :) any bird pics?
At Yoshis in #SanFrancisco watching in concert! All I can say is #R&B is alive and well, You Better sang Man!!
Did you know you can refil/reuse an old cartridge? Just stuff it with common fabric batting that costs about $2.00 /yard! www.genxvapor.com
My life is one big embarrassing moment
since you didn't get through are you at least on schedule?
you sent a DM?
Back in the day when football was football
!! That is so cool!! Thank you so much for tweeting!
Just under 2 months away from STEP IT UP!!!
Kat- I saw a cute pair with wedge not sure how high at PAYLESS SHOES :-)
Just talked with Tom Christina of about the Anti-Injunction Act that was discussed at the #SCOTUS Monday; #podcast to come
The Original Funny Facebook Status Updates
and one time it said I sent it to a ton of people so I tell them all sry I didnt send that
: at the door then :)
As an #entrepreneur, when you make your first hires, hire your weaknesses and don't micro manage.
sugar free kool-aid is like orgasm free sex....
Damn everbody barely passing ms.bunting final..
Working on orders and planning for the WINE & PAWs event (April 21 & 22, 2012) that will benefit the Safe Haven program at WI Humane Society
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms, grandmas, great great grandmas, great great great grandmas. Much love <U+2665>
Twinkle twinkle little slut, name one guy you haven't fucked.
#nw best show on earth
Bacon, Eggs N Hashbrowns Yum breakfast for DIN!!! with delicous Orange & Apple split w/ my Boo!
Looking forward to the deals...
Ask us any question and we'll respond with a movie quote.
What do u need help wit hun???
What time?
oh wow. People need to calm down. They can't hangout with anyone without rumor starting.
:) saw that state st has ramps, and I'm sure they will have morels in the next week or so.
Revere the Ride.
We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams. ~ Les Brown
Hope you had a Happy Friday!
the Warner Bros. and their sister, Dot.
Well whenever you have time :)
#65 | Because we enjoy crossing cultures... Art, Music Technology and more...
Please come to the midwest (Milwaukee, Chicago, or Minneapolis)! We need you!!!
"Ohmygosh did you see his butt?!" "No I'm not perverted, Shalyn.." "He was wearing baseball pants!!" <3 #ICheckedHimOut haha
With Dixie the dog at the vet ER. Her allergies are so bad she can't open her poor itchy eyes. They just took her to give her a shot
lmao tell me about it
I was overwhelmed with the turnout today and want to thank everyone for their support and energy.
It's about $35. Sometimes my friends in other countries buy a bunch of hoods w/ their friends & split shipping so it's less!
First ejection as a Brewer manager!
writing a verse
we are very sorry for any inconvenience
“: #ireallywant someone who isn't afraid to get a little physical ;) #Scorpio”
Who even reads bios...
Bill Fletcher giving us laborious history lessons.
there's a show on abc based in colorado actually at the bass pro shop in northfeild and its pretty funny
.: Thr YouTube channel is managing will show better analytics of how people engage/watch stories. Share info.
Uncle Rush Please help my friends get on the amazing race!!! Please repost!!
Rested and ready to get it down like James Brown for tonights Screaming O show at Thee Dollhouse
Hello this is a bit off topic, but who do you think France will need more at Euro 2012 - Yohan Cabaye or Hatem Ben Arfa?
damn shame
Robert Bobb has our children's best interest at heart, we all need to support him!!!!
to see how the mind works is intriguing , especially in the hiring process . So doodle on! :) I'm at the Mavs game! :)))
He just needs some Japanese home-cooking, and Cupid's putting on his apron.
Seriously looking for social media/writing opportunities. Please hit me up if interested. I'm the greatest writer in the world.
Follow Back .
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY DANIEL HOFF AGENCY Thank you Danny for letting me be part of your history as Head Theatrical Agent Here is to your success
Dude! Don't pimp me out to your brother if Your gonna get butthurt! WTF
The way I change my self is a reflection of my social media accounts. It helps me to growth and listen good advices.
On a side note, when an author begins a text with Derrida, it makes me swoon.
I was more amused than irritated -- after all he's promoting himself as a PASTOR.
You know I saw that first!
After all that, Ishikawa pops out on first pitch. Ballgame.
it was great to see you too Matt!!! #blessings Can't wait to hear your music!
ugh we should've done that on our rainy days! Season 2 is the best for a 12 hour couch marathon
Star gazing' on summer nights<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>. >
I'm back on the scene, my favorite color is GREEN!!
I Need To Meet Some New Girls .
Car in the parking lot with California plates that nobody knows whose it is. When in doubt assume it belongs to the boy. Boom, always right.
Me too! MT : I'm told will be pulling up in a Lear jet. That's my preferred way to make an entrance.
thanks for the tip about This chat is much easier to follow now!
well I dont like her!
Feels amazing to be releasing new music again... I will always love my fans.
And now my emotions are up and running, literally running down my face.
#TeamCharon “: If i had a chainsaw, i woulda cut that crown in half.. is my SUPERSTAR! #realwhereitcounts”
sounds like a great day to me!
WMYB was on one station then One Thing iss on another xD
There are some brand new apartment offering great deals.
My fuckin nerves bad right now...forgetful muthafuckas...
In the kitchen going ham again
I attend Full Sail! And, I haven't had time to load some of my samples. I'll try to do so soon. The quality is perfect though
would Ryan Reynolds do a good Bruce Wayne? haha
At least work is slow today #amen :)
Candlelight Yoga tonight?
Wish I was there to go shopping with you!!!!!
Thank you honey bunches : ) love you too! RT S/o to .Happy Birthday Sissy love you (:
TAKEOUT's Tweeting. How 'bout a follow?
you are my light! A north star!
If I never watched football before and people said "you really need to check this out". I would say they were crazy after watching tonight
thanks dude!! “: love the piece on #umbro on today. Good find/awesome video!”
It amazes me how many people walk out of the restroom without washing their hands! C'mon MAN! Not kosher at all!
Reg gas 4.79 in downtown chi and then have the nerve to say only the full service pump has it for $5.10 BP have u done lost yo mind???
nowhere working
Eurydice previews tonight! Sold out for tomorrow's opening!
I'm a big fan of your work. Very talented, keep doing what you do...
Thanks for the follow
Empty inbox ACHIEVED. Finally.
Full house for Cripple of Inishmaan!
WebCamWindow T-Shirt Contest! Take a guess at what we're doing next. HINT: It's big, new and AWESOME. Tweet us your answers! RT Please!
I miss my boo too! :(
RG3, that's one of the robots in Star Wars right?
is never gonna notice or follow me )': ... Hopefully #Someday!
as Mom, and now Laura, can tell you, I don't put salt on ANYTHING!! Never have.
juss listened to Rated R.. Brings back memories :')
You can now :)
Family looks out for each other.
lol thats not too far! only a 6 hour flight! haha come take a vacation out here and get some ink! :D
can i be west virginia? <333
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
RT : happy birthday shoutout to the good bruh , make it a great one~ Thanks Good Brother!
having the same outfit as someone on the train -.- <<<<.
no, link me to your YouTube page. I'll subscribed right away.
I can ride my bike with no handle bars.
What's good Concord?!
are you already at BAH??
Not on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday but on Thursday. . . Thursday.
I remember a CNN reporter left to run a company that stages elaborate wedding proposals. You could do that with gifts!
Thanks for helping build the excitement!
hi there-I have a media opportunity in Dallas working in digital : ) Going to miss the #ATX though. how have you been?
...cheer; raises morale; inspires associates, arouses loyalty; and laughs at adversity, it is beyond price. " - Colman Cox
Go follow my new music page . Working really hard on new material for you guys to hear.
Congrats! You can pick up your free family admission pass at the event. www.kuik.com for details. CU there!
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me
Yeah, Piano Bar is solid, too. It's technically a Hollywood bar, but without the negative stereotypes of most of them.
I think I have to listen to Shaggy's "Wasn't Me" right about now-ish.
Nice to meet you at Immersion Weekend
Tonight!! We are young!! ;D
Yea were you watching it too?
yup, still in love with
Let me guess: Murryland?
So don't sugar coat and mislead about how the Courts EVERYWHERE allow lawyers to bully & abuse Autistic adults & injure us
Follow me on twitter
Corny motherfucker , your such a ass kissing lonely sucker .
A1 tomorrow: Boy hides in box.
here's a question: when can I be a guest on #tmzlive ......
Whoa, science! You can run 10k better/faster on a Sunday, if you get SOME exercise (and don't smoke) during the week. Huh.
The less said about the Shocker, the better
The Somali Muslim community is speaking up against the Type 21 beer and wine license.
lol. The struggle.
That text I just got :) made my whole day >>>>>>
OK, let the games begin! Happy Wednesday! Ha ha ha! I said it first! LOL!
Working to create an intervention to help a homeless client get the care he needs. Best Wishes to Everyone!
Looking forward to chatting with the folks at today. What a treat!
Yikes! I felt my throat close while reading that description. I'm allergic to cheese and bacon and I don't like donuts.
K-rec leagues are currently going. Kronum League season begins August-September.
Harold Allnut is a pretty good mechanic.
#DailyCircuit Chaka Kahn's I'm every woman, Grace Jones "Slave to the Rhythm" and Pink's "Get the party started".
but I don't want you to be playin Jocelin just over the summer & then all back on Mireya when school starts again bro -_-
so glad I don't have to work tonight. I'd be a #zombielibrarian. Instead I'll be a
Just because you can doesn't mean you should. Each method should only do one thing.
new hit single #putitdown check it out :)
Can someone let me know if they can see this tweet? Cuz idk if my twitter is working!;(
Did you watch the Marcus Dupree story? I hear production on Cam Newton 30 for 30 has begun...
It matters not what age you are only the quality of life you have in those years. I know you are well-luvved! <U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310><U+E310>
23ppl from sahs are at same gym as i. Sadly none of them get along with me hehe wonder why
you are apparently sitting next to my friend at the rose garden right now. Say hi!
RT : “: Managers: Focusing on your employees' weaknesses provokes them to disengage. Focus on their strengths."
The worst drivers are old Asian ladies. Seriously who gav u a license
Let It Ride - Automatic Loveletter
Congrats! Also, I'm sorry I missed your birthday--hope it was a good one.
Points here and it is game...set....match
That's nice of them
I came home and literally it looked like someone came in my house and put new groceries throughout the kitchen && its all my favess? Weird..
work it girl
I love
suggesting that everyone writes everything in plain text and version control with #git did not go over that well in that meeting
Richard Fish: "Is that the two cents? I'd be looking for change."
Please please please #Packers move up and get Trent Richardson
just said she'd leave me
has semi sleeves? Who does his work?
Couples have been annoying me lately...
Barak Obama now supports gay marriage. Good, I'm happy. You should have done this a long time ago, and encouraged NC not to act like idiots.
just off of water. i think it's jefferson and ogden?
Looking for a few kind-hearted Seattle denizens to volunteer for a charity auction Saturday, October 9th. Please email me for more info.
Who needs time zones when you are on #laketime Great evening riding!
you at school bro ?
Sucka!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> I have 10 hw passes so I don't have to take it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
pumped for your show in Milwaukee this Sunday!!! The night before my 30th bday! :) Dun dun dun...
Cleveland took Weeden....
In a way though, "Consistently breathtaking" could just mean "doing the bare minimum to stay alive."
Why Kyle aint called me yet <U+E40E>
I LOVE YOU THIS BIG !
sadly, back to the drawing board. re-assess budget in the new year; dropped for the moment. until then! :)
Trying to get things in order for tomorrow's charity event: stop by the Allerton Hotel & donate $20 to the homeless. I sing at 7pm Floor 2.
GOOD LUCK!! "Getting ready for third round. I tee off at 4:54" .
Ralph, thank you for stopping by and Happy Easter everybody.
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed
How come nobody gets knockdown is this mediocre opening fights?....ROOKIES!
in late 2001/early 2002-obviously a time of upheaval here in the states-was considering joining an org trying to build bridges....
Welcome to the darkside! Isn't it fantastic?
which makes my job that much more difficult statefarm as a comp isn't known 4 it's commercials but that's how every1 buys now
Without a doubt. Looking forward to both of those discussions.
I really hope nothing #bad happens from #eating too much
Was up hours ago - just getting started
Just ran into Steve from ! Thanks for spreading the word for us!
Floyd for a first! 1:44 remaining
Hot Hot oo we got it hot hot o we got it Hot chocolate :) M do good :)
Wow...Jake Delhomme just got let the hell down.
<- - this is what the World's Greatest Aunt looks like! :D
Thanks for all your prayers. My Pop-pop made the transition a little while ago peacefully and in no pain.
Why do couples flirt over Facebook/Twitter? Just call your girl up and tell her.
for me it is b/c I'm on my way to do something productive & I can't be reached on phone/FB/Twitter, really free 2 read & think
did I just hear the Vanderbilt could be a final 4 Team? .....
I have my right sleeve tatted but I'd be very happy when I can get it finished ! Unfinished tattoos bother mee.
yeah I told her that you onee and she said "who's Kaylee?" ... This is a problem Haha
Thunderstorms are in the forecast. I better watch out for lightning since my odds of getting struck are better than winning Mega Millions.
Is anyone surprised by that?? RT : ..anyone else notice j-mac is immeasurably cozier w/ ted robinson than with his own brother?
eatin sum african food wearin sum african clothes nd dancing to sum african music nd speakin african with ur bro haha
RT : O yes you will, you taken one for the team
valiant effort there, bud. I'm pretty sure the Torts interview one has a pretty short shelf life, anyway. Fun novelty, though.
I really wanna know what she did and how this all plays out
#cpchat I just received my admin license and was looking for some advice from experienced administrators on how to get my foot in the door?
Heart. RT : You can't A/B Test creativity - to make a good game, it has to be good. -
Easter egg hunt with the little monsters from the church next door. The adorable meter is off the charts.
just got back in the saddle after a hella great summer! how are you jett?
When people are having success.....they don't need to be motivated, they already ARE! :)
what's good with the homie?
Geicho has the worst fucking commercials.
me too!!
Hi Do fellowship programs like genre specific specs like sci-fi or one that would appeal more to the masses?
Goodnight, fools.
The rain is slowing down already.
Did your wisdom teeth come out yet?
RT Tis the Season for Chimney Fires Galore. B4 you get all 'Perry Como' for the holidays, consider an inspection! <--Heaters too!
Ha! I just opted out of that today. Thanks for the info!
You know your San Diego synagogues!! Seriously, what a beautiful building. I'm biased, but it is.
apparently, we want an event management system
Thinking about going to Knotts Berry Farm today hm
Russ/ticular fortitude.....
Going to sleep before 7:30am for the first time in a month >>>>>>>>>>
So glad you enjoyed Dago Joe. O, I like how that sounds. Today we're over by & at 2nd and Lafayette.
that's not good!! Hang in there. Make the docs take that damn thing out
Love how my phone calls people by itself..
HI Jenn. Hope your week has been blessed and you are smiling! Remember God is at your side always! :) HUGS
I tried playing it cool but you've got that
Sushi is awesome!
On that late night creep, heard tht you a freak #Np Yello - Late night creep
Hosting a New Year's celebration? Check out our lighting fixtures that will keep your room bright throught the night!
I'm thinking of taking up tiddlywinks instead of hockey. Does anyone know any friendly Rhode Island leagues?
I'm afraid to follow on Twitter, for fear of an imploding phone. Or worse.
Thank you!
like how to actually make a living ;-)
Thanks Rusko and Bloody Beetroots, for making a 25 minute drive only take about 10
I know I'm a latin nerd, because I just wrote on a paper "Too many gerunds"
Why dont we have better candidates for President?
“: Half of Americans think #SCOTUS justices will rely on their partisan political views in health-care ruling. A good guess
I want to yell, " She's lying to you! He's cheating on you! SHUT THE FUCK UP!?!" but I really don't want to deal with them.
Sweet! When's the race?
lolol I cant retweet your tweets or I would. you got favorited though
Build up in a cooling system reduces airflow and is a cause of compressor failure and indoor air pollution.
G'morning! Good to be here@ #SMBLA!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: The Kerryman - Pub (live updates)
How I do it
I haven't been for years, but I love the Hall and that area. BTW, have you read The Monsters of Templeton? Set in faux Cooperstown.
THANK YOU! So much fun!
CLUB SAGA tonight 18 party 21 to drink arrive early gonna be crazy ill be spinning the hottest joints all night 8779 wurzbach!
U gangbangin on breakfast nigga...smh tht piece n quiet was short lived lbs
patrick...rochelle here. I know who drew p.is. Which catch u refer to?? U saying it was interference?? What???
Give Mom her flowers while she can still smell them...Sis. Hope Moore
Thank you Katie!!
Re-writing my final. First version was way too hard.
freeresortbeach.info New Post - has anybody been.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <c
I've got the new song from and George Strait's new one "Drinkin Man" just for yinz!
Just got to the door for a Honey Baked ham after waiting in line for 45 min.
damn, had been working on Jerry Narron related names all day today
what happen, them niggas ran you out of Taylor so u trynna hide here?
it's going to be interesting next season to see all of the new faces on these NFL morning shows.
plywood, roofing paper, shingles. Or so I assume. I don't really know.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Repition creates expert status!
In Honduras last week. Mini-oasis created by cruise industry - again, I ask myself what the best balance is between culture and cash?
bittersweet graduation though, dont have ANY of my family members here except for my parents and my lil bro..
condol. on Browns loss, please chk out our kickstarter if u can, we would like to "draw" you 4 our fundraiser in Parmatown Mall
Try tonight's Free Play special: The Mighty Mouse Grilled Cheese! 4 kinds of cheese on grilled sourdough served w/ warm tomato soup & chips!
What happened about one hour ago gave me courage .. lmao
THIS UPSETS ME. I'm going to go to sleep now, I'm passing out. Goodnight and sweet dreams. c:
That does make it difficult. But who doesn't like Legos?
Hello, Thursday Beer. You are special and rare in my life.
Start your engines!
Obama's in town!
yes but in order to be a contender hes gonna need to be get some offense. gotta work on a j
to what song? Jeezy?
whats the point in going to school if you're not even going to be there..
DRY HATIN IS NEVA A GOOD LOOK!
>:o) Will we see you at the today??
Come check out the Coyotes Alumni take on the coaches of DYHA at Oceanside ice. Sat 10/22 at 2pm. Proceeds go to youth hockey
PLEASE DO... or a lock of hair... I'd be grateful for either one.
I had soo much fun tonight at practice! Soo HONORED that I was able to play with you & have u as a coach! :D See u 2morrow!
Let's B clear: the Republican plan to "broaden the tax base" by raising taxes on poor is the "class warfare". And all their cand. support it
Some things you just don't forget, like mom's cooking, dad's belt, or your old prison number, but forgetting to buy mac&cheese is just wrong
Timeout on the floor. The game is tied 38-38 with 15:54 remaining
I want to find you at #sxsw and thank you, we love using you - where will you be Saturday?
Boston, Kansas, Las Vegas, Africa, Canada,...stay tuned for the roll call! :)
chile is an open area for us can we skype to discuss how we can help to bring tech into the classroom.
You are the best-est ninja-est. Lemme know when you get dumpling cravings (The govt is totally gonna try to decode this msg).
We're doin the walk for Lupus this sunday here in Denver, It'll be my first walk but we're walking for my sister who has Lupus.
The Met is doing Janacek this week and so are we. Bring a friend or two to Sanders Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30pm
That's really kind of you :) Tell me how sexy they are live? ;) haha
is back from a great trip to Los Angeles
IF I WERE PRESIDENT I WOULD MAKE EVERY ONE DO WHAT I SAY! - PAT FORD*
Arriving at Holton Arms School for a performance for their Creative Summer campers! Hip hop, belly dance, Afro-Carribean and modern!
Last night's example: waiting at Howell & OK nb (no sb bus either) @ 7:35 PM. No bus until 8.
lol thts fine. Ill figure it out. Ill just bring mine if I have to
Aaron, who do you like best on your left - Dwyte or Pawel (day1b seat 10)
Business Tip of the Week: Hold volunteer positions. This is a great way to stay visible and give back to groups that have helped you.
Off to Comcast Death Star on North Avenue to humbly plead for replacement cable box
Have a great Saturday everybody! It's a great day to be a
Oh man! Wish I got to try it. Make it for me next year
You know soda addiction is bad for some when you look over at the car next to you and see a lady drinking a 2 litter from the bottle.
No guarantees at any point in life.
Just got a bundle of Superchunk reissues thanks to and !
I think Peoli is trying to ride the coat tails of the genius that is Bellichick
": If you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them."
Got ma' whole crew tweetin' now!!
you're alive!
If someone is trying to rescue you from cyber bullying they are telling you that you can't handle this on your own.
LAid down for a nap after church and now I'm Just waking up....I missed the whole concert....gotta love being sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
that looks delicious. Enjoy babe & say happy mothers day to my suegra for me
Looks grindingly dull. // RT : Room 301 of the morning Roundtable session at #CITRT. Terrific discussion on how IT roles differ.
sophisticated goons
I HATE NIGGAS THAT'S STUCK ON PITTSBURGH TRAVEL SOMEWHERE I'VE BEEN AROUND THE WORLD
Brrrr It's freezing out there.
Gunna go hard in zumbbaaa w jackie, jackie , ashley , ashleys momm & chelsea (;
sounds like you need a lot of air freshener and hand sanitizer.
I believe in you Day 2 of using a loaner laptop. Cross your fingers that today goes well, lol.
Sounds divine! What are the ratios and do you think that grenadine would work in this?
yeah im gonna need you to get that together lol
What a bitch. :c
Oh hell yeah drinking a #pumking oak aged I'm in heaven
Seriously? That's an easy choice.
Today is the free day at Have you seen 's The World Stage: Israel yet?
what is this TKC Anonymous thing?? Send it to me? I want to see!
Does enthusiasm in social media mean lots of exclamation points??!!!
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. — Isaac Asimov
It wasn't perfect but I want my old life back.
Thanks for the shout out !
Let’s start with introductions. I’m MaryAnn Long your moderator. I’m an independent Mktg Operations Specialist in Milw/Chi
Hi Andrew. Just an FYI...Overall leader gets 50k. Turbo leader gets the Camaro for only $200/buy in 6 times.
Thanks for the follow Be Rad
Killin these kiwis
1 month into professor-ing! amused by the 'did i miss anything important in class?' question
awesome... i shall see you there
well sir, you put oooooooonnnnnn for your city lmfao
Might go for a run though.
After losing key players on offense this offseason how will Philip Rivers and the #Chargers offense fare in 2012?
also, saw the hunger games, good for all it had to accomplished in 2 hr 20 min. however,lacked emotional depth. Jennifer Lawrence was great.
SteelSeries QcK. and made me do it.
No words.
Assist Craig Smith
alright we will! Session tonightt?? Ima buy some bud aswell.
May is gonna be a good month
Collaboration across diff. depts (w/ diff. language) is hard! Calls attention to importance of scholar w/ multiple skills (theory, practice)
Tom Felton!!!Duh who else would it be haha
Causey "Journalism is solution"
burquedesign thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
i feel distant and have a headache from jealous people.. i need new friends!
what is this? on Twitter? and I thought he said NFW!
Get the March Madness iPhone App. It's awesome and clear as a bell!
Just 24 hours ago , I was in your arms <3
thank you!!!
Aww thanks so much...ok good glad I was making sense :)
Lost in a zoo I saw many animals.. Mouse BIRD Monkey haila ! U 2
Bye bye Wayne county
happening? Or wishful thinking??
Nothing to lose
Quiero CAT y lo quiero YA!
That's a lot of PBJ's!! “: The Mega Millions jackpot for Friday's drawing is now estimated at $540 million. #MegaMillions”
You never know how useful Acrobat is until some 'friend' accidentally deletes it.
for hym to ever
Email me and I'll send you some free shit!
I love you more! (and really want pancakes, dammit.)
I just signed a petition condemning this outrageous act.
Huge thanks to all the wonderful people at #Mintex12 today! Many more!
Playin sit & go's on Poker Stars
I feel flu-like :(
A lyrical rhyme for your future use: mashuppy, hushpuppy. You're welcome.
Landrieu just said sth abt black men who "really may look scary."He says "u can tell me to shut the hell up." I wish!
RT 2Tix for Ted Leo & The Pharmacists at Bell House (Brklyn). Friday Dec 30th at 8pm. Reply by 4pm, 1 Tweet Chosen at Random.
Brooke White isn't a too bad at acting...
Breakfast tacos!
UK are you shitting me? :P americaine = horrible / francaise = ca existe? :O
Ice on the streets, fire on the DC Metro... Commuter's apocalypse.
Awesome! I'm looking forward to it! See you there in a few!
why do you think most managers are worse?
Thank buddy =) I will send you details when I have them
I've been super happy with webfaction. You can easily run several small sites on one account.
exactly! I don't share with people who don't share with me.
I'm cool with the argument that you can be healthy and fat, but I'm not so down with undermining healthy eating practices for every1
And he puzzled and puzzled ’till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn’t before.
Since the +#WomenBuild~^~ inception in 1998, #volunteers have constructed more than 1,800 houses, including 6 in #Miami-Dade County.
thank you for the Mention!!! May God richly bless your day!
I'm surprisenly not the jealous type . Cuz if I can't trust my bf , how can I expect him to trust me
"we have laze accuracy"
we just picked up a new pre-amp and a new compressor for the studio. oh baby so tasty!
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night...LAMILL is OPEN today and our coffee clinic @ 10am will go on as planned! See you then!
thank you, but I know I rarely be out around folks to and we are good he's getting big and smart
Transformers 4 was the Business! Not buy a house and I might introduse you to the stars j/k
Ready to leave School bro '.'
wow, impressive!
Not the best day but #BoyzHitABDCagain will deff make it all better
you never tweet me anymore
Love that!
#icantlivewithout music, its my escape from the everyday crappy world than annoys me.
Read poems by Langston Hughes. Enjoyed a lovely dinner party hosted by the College Prez. Prepped for a wknd getaway w/ Paul.
#DjpaulX. Will be in the mix tonight at foothill lounge...
haha. I think its fair to say that those legs have been dia-beating us!
Im in love with Nessa she calls me and tells me dont go make no line's for the 4's cause i got em for you baby <3 shes on point
How do you bookmark tracks in the new pandora? #help!
Putting a lot of work into the site this week. Cant wait for it to go live!
Wangs Wings voted "Best Wings" by the 20% OFF Wangs Wings! Only w/ a
And, of course, thanks to our partners in crime, the very shiny It was an amazing weekend.
he who is on
CAUSE YO JUNKY ASS ALWAYS GOT CHANGE PUSSY!...
Hey, man, it's not like DePaul isn't without its diversity. Oh, wait... Hope you're up to something good!
she was?? Ohh ok. Ok Jeffrey is freaken adorable. He's my new favorite man. Can't wait for all of us to hang out. Tienes tu hotel?
Just played #Madden13 with RGIII OMG! Kudos
who wants to go to AC with me next week? borgata 1600 reentry, wsopc 1600 reentry, and one of the most beautiful cities in the world?
i love this fuckin beat
Great tweetup! Thanks for arranging everything. Great bar.
IF NOT NOW WHEN
Just took my first Contemporary Dance Class with Kaelyn Gray! Ouch! But it felt so good inside!
What he, what he don't knowww
Tune into WIIFM (What's In It For Me). Make sure you let the audience knows exactly what is in it for them.
Millie and Alex
HERO or VILLAIN? YOU DECIDE: 1/31/1606 Guy Fawkes dies in jump to escape the hangman's noose for his roll in the Parliment Gunpowder Plot.
when a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn't mean she's complaining, it means she trusts you.
It was fun to see you. Great place for a "hello".
Did you know that wine was once a truth serum…or maybe it still is…
TOO BAD CAMPPSSS
Scream if you were born THIS WAY!
Did anyone else cry a little tear of joy when Cthulu began destroying Burning Man? Best year ever!
Makes no difference whether a Beamer Benz or Bentley is the car you in
RT : RESTATING Q3: Is there such a thing as phone interview etiquette?
Judge trying to reach Riseling to come back or testify by phone.
Thanks for resizing my photos to create better pictures! <U+2665> your work & the cust. svc. is the tops, I am one happy client. :)
Wow #TweetBot is awesome.
Heard of 'dance like no one can see', but never 'dance like you are writing end user docs'. My lack of dance skills, explained.
Fish baking in the oven. to juice or not to juice, that is the question. Maybe i'll juice something that doesnt require any major effort
Stop. Spackle time.
wat makes u say that?RT Most parents are the genesis and cause of lesbianism.
If your morals make you dreary, depend on it , they are wrong.
i saw it mentioned on quora a while ago, but it looks like it's iphone only? (please correct me if i'm wrong!)
SA reclaimed the top listener spot with Rhythm & Jazz Radio Sunday but Seattle, Milwaukee, Dallas/Ft Worth and Houston are closing in!
Rajon Rondo hits jumper at 3:47, now has triple double. Rondo has 11 points, 11 rebounds, 15 assists. Still 6 turnovers, though.
A touchdown. I just wet my pants.
Omg #serena and dan
will be on June 9th!!!!!
this is their way of saying anything the trucks can do we can do better
Easter dinner: ham, salmon, #pdx farmer's mkt carrots, Gramma Judy's potatoes, antipasto & veggies, spinach salad, strawberry cupcakes, wine
get it buddy!!
TRUTH RT DirecTV CEO Mike White said he looks at NFL Sunday Ticket as loss leader in order to retain customers.
ohh i will!
what you doing
The Holy Bible states "Judge not lest ye be Judged"
I need to know what to do when that time comes lol
no ms paint is for graphic art fobs
Yes, keep going. I don't want to see the Yankees in the WS again. Jinx away!
I seriously JUST had a conversation about that, it's unacceptable!
Listening to someone explain how to play sudoku to someone else whilst also explaining how to use a touchscreen is so interesting.
I really wanna be a dancer. A professional ballet dancer, to bad I'm too late for that dream
Looks like I'm watching a movie by my self cause is gay!
I agree! You look great!
P.s. i am a bit under dressed today ... woops ha
#loweredexpectations RT Yeah so I def enjoyed the avengers more than this fight.
VIJ'S AT HOME: RELAX, HONEY by Vikram Vij & Meeru Dhalwala - celebrated Indian restaurant/chefs in Vancouver. Great early LJ review!
FOLLOW BACK...IM ZACK SCOTT'S NEPHEW..
It is!!! Hop 'n Shop, Wine 'n Dine...what's not to love.
What language is this guy (Griff) speaking?
It's my dads b day today. I am so thankful for him... Adopted us when I was 5! He is truely our Guardian ANGEL! Proud to be a
IM GOING!
“: BIG SHOUT OUT TO kelso varsity!!! Especially and the boy !!! Great job boys” who r u
That's awfully convenient of them. :) Thank you again!
What a great day for Madison's first farmer's market this year. Get the spicy cheesybread fresh from the oven. Delicious!
Study Abroad Myth: I should study abroad my junior year. FACT: The "best" time to go is different for everyone. Visit CIE for more info!
Almost forgot that today is The Dance!
Honored to be speaking at my alma mater, the University of Maryland, today about sports journalism
Can believe its May 1st.
yea did u see the 2 ladys with the odd hats haha!
can u post the link to ch1 of ur fanfic please :) i really wanna read it but i wanna start from the begining :)
lol, Chris Brown a do you like he did rhianna boy !
Ugh. Vegas.
Things that need to stop....bullying
that seems like a good use for Times.
I'm buZzed off my ass right now and everything still seems like boring
I'm sure that officer enjoyed sitting in on the meeting for 3 hours.
Such a gorgeous day out, glad I get to spend all 24 hours of it at work...
I'm a secret truth....
RT : Got my ballot today. Can't wait for the debate!
So long you're gone.. THIS IS THE BREAKUP SONG!! #TheBreakupSongbyAmericanHiFi<3
#21CRadio A2 He said they gave everyone wristbands that lit up in rhythm to the music
but I was an 86er, so the 80s wouldn't bother me I guess! Lol
Refreshing Ped. Pal Foot scrubby "Polar bear smooches" has Tea tree, Rosemary, Peppermnt, Menthol crystals wakes up those tired grumpy feet
We agree!
Nice to see active in the twitter world!
I've decided to end this pain by ending this war with myself. Ive lost everything I ever wanted and im stranded alone it's time to end me.
=) rt “: awww that's sweet but I've finished my run in the show! But they should still see it!”
it's a matter of time if the right grp gets in charge, all of that will change!
We're about to blow your feed up, brace yourselves... <3
No more fish fry dinners or (also fried) potato pancakes. No more!
My number one reply from my cousin when I call him crying is 'its going to be okay booboo, ill beat their ass, dont worry I love you' lol.
Once, I tried to post racial and go to a mall salon. Had to chop 5 inches to repair.
...although watching the video while driving would be more hilarious. we'll see how that works. not too many moms on the road.
"Steve Martin is sending Oscar updates."-Mary "Steve Martin from Jamaica?" -Mandy Whitenack
Tonight, I drove by my old gym in Memphis -- the place where I worked so hard to reshape my body and self-image prior to my wedding. (more)
Gary Hayes Social Media counts, items on various forms of social media, as you watch - and projects into future wp.me/ps3nS-rY
you can have mine then! Haha ;)
RT via : CONGRATS SAC! Looks like we r getting a new sports & Entertainment complex, finally!
THAT was the result of #poorchoices >> RT : I saw you on campus the other day... You weren't wearing pants!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Had to use the restrooms in 30th Street Station at 11pm. I now have several brand new phobias.
Home gonna eat something than off to train some more!
RT? FAVRE ON THE GROUND FAVRE ON THE GROUND LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WHEN FAVRES ON THE GROUND HAHA
Digging out on the east side? Send us some Farwell pics.
Had my world rocked by on Saturday night. Hoping I wasn't the pretty girl in the front row he was referring to...
Great job on the shoot today everyone!
The on Watts is once again on my list. They forgot my nacho cheese for like the 10th time.
~Marcus Aurelius~ Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
nows your chance :-)
I'll never be able to call Ron Artest "Metta World Peace"...that nigga will ALWAYS be Ron Artest...lol
Sounds intelligent to me. :)
and parent trap omg
#LeapYear freakout! Already hearing about watches who think it's March 1st
Goodnight everyone(:
Do you know you just followed Sade's biggest fans since the 1980s?! We just saw her in Denver a few months ago. Welcome!
were good bruh, no worries
If you love something set it free if it comes back it was meant to be
dawn & ericson sit down over tea in sf, missing your voice already. glasses raised, to the cat and his author
Party at Identity Cancelled for tonight please please spread the word...
LOD: organized into nodes & links: every piece of info has a subject, a predicate, & object. ex. [JonVoss][follows][NYPL] on twitter
Thank you for NOT showing the #Gophers during the reception at #mnclassics last night.
Attention Staff and Students due to a change in weather conditions Bramson ORT will be closed on Monday December 27, 2010.
So many creeps
Give us a call & find out why we are the most recommended remodeling company in Texas! 512-453-5858
makes me want to be a taxonomist. well, not really. makes me want to hire a good taxonomist.
Angela!!! When will you invite us back???
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one #GeorgeWashington #quote - Let #TermPaperDom fulfill your academic needs to avoid bad excuses
On the precibus of a great change.. not sure what it is but I can see God working and I am excited to see what this change will mean..
#FezFriday this is Rex the Impossible the Moose in Glendale. It's his if he wins. Yeah?
Well that changed my mind.
One of those days where everything annoys the shit out of me ...
Sorry to hear that your house was broken into, but you should check out our app! Its to help you after a break in!
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.” Brian Littrell
hey lady! all is well. loving SF. how are you? what's the latest?
In that gulf tourism commercial, I don't think that guy is from Alabama. Will post Hollandude top ten albums of 2011 later today.
Have you seen the message I sent you?
My clone army is vast and strategically deployed.
It's ironic that The Glee Project airs on Oxygen because when I watch it, it feels like i'm inhaling Cyclon B
So excited for Daniel Tosh tonight
you hit the nail on the head.
Van Halen is coming to Columbus, Ohio on August 2nd. Oh Yeah.
#AutoCorrect just substituted "Ballet" for "Baller". That's totally un-baller.
MY ACCOUNT IS HACKED!!
Another choke job for Lebron, can't pass that to Haslem!
your welcome ;)
I love pretzels.
Dear guy crossreferencing stuff on his iPhone with stuff on his iPad: you're in too deep, man. Too deep.
LIBRARY PEOPLE GO OUTSIDE WHERE IT'S NICE. GAH. (take me with you)
Seriously I put you food carts through college and no one wants to roll by GK today? 150 people here wanting food later.
alone alone alone.. word ta kat williams lol
I seriously need my PS3 controller, I'm so mad that I left it at a friend's house.
the beat plays.. your hips sway and I understand.. fluent in the universal language of dance
I'm about to watch hangover part 2
Yeah men......we are a family,Big family:)
Lol= This conversation isnt going anywhere and I dont want to talk to you anymore.
it's an amazing feeling!
Autumn evenings will fade away, but our memories are here to stay.
No panic yet for Kansas. Just steady and staying the course with poise. They're weathering the storms. Now need to turn the heat up!
In case you are not moving nearer to what you want in sales, you probably aren't doing enough asking.
We just picked up new batch of "I <U+2764> Chicago Sex Workers" shirts = literally #HOToffthepress!! still warm! Pink, Red, Grey, Black & Brown
more like everyday
Ha, no apologies necessary. I found it to have no charm, confusing story, personality-free star, chemistry-free romance...
“: khart all day. thank you ” yes haha...Get money!!!
is there a reason my evo 4g keeps restarting itself? i've had it since april or may of last year. had problems with hero before. WTF!
I feel like dying
LOL, UR famous ! UR definitely strange but hey, different strokes for different folks! Not hurting anyone so it's all good
.% of our guests are homeless veterans.
I need it. Where do I buy?!
96 D'Yquem is pure peach & honey.
Watch, listen, and learn. You can not know it all yourself.. any individual who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.
BREAKING NEWS: Prominent Orlando Attorney Dan Newlin has been arrested for DUI.
was it a"handy" man?lmfao
Help us to help others! Join "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment" on Facebook. Memebers donate $1 per month to charity.
I hope the hawks win this series and all the celtics just fucking retire lol
A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
Waking up from sucha good dream>>
I need a new Buddy.
just finished watching a bloomberg story about the google founders...feeling inspired.
Great! Stay tuned, shirts will be coming out soon.
This guy is the cutest! Is he yours?
Extremely excited to have a big piece of the puzzle just fall into place.
How does go about preventing teen pregnancy?
O Mysterious one, we also struggle to see your face. In the midst of darkness, evil and suffering.
Commute from the new apt to the office = 18 minutes walking.
Thanks--have a great Thanksgiving
is appreciating the rain. No more event planning! Being here, now.
Among the worst perspectives on human evolution I've not been able to sit through.
yes I did, I was on vacation. How about you did you, have a nice Labor Day weekend? My mother really like Betty Boop.
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Liam:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
Only if they can surf!
Yay. Friday the 13th. Today should be nice.
#Grannyquotes Whenever i'm changing, my grandma walks in the room screaming "TSHIRT TIME" and starts fistpumpin
I agree!!
np. Just let me know specs, info and timeline
Only have school till 1 :) get paid today whoop
Lmfaoooo ": im about to shoot these chinese people talking about some "come owside" and they not here"
Dear distance ; eff you.
how was R5?!
": What others think about you is not important. What you think about yourself means everything."
...the goal has been reached but they can use extra dollars! This event supports BLVD & features ! Seattle, take note.
Good morning! I think winter is here to stay. All outdoor plants frozen, ice in the water bowls, and baby it's cold outside! Staying in!!
Landed in Chicago. Time to drive to MKE.
No, girls dont just wanna have fun. We take it fast, take it slow, we can come undone.
but Joe Rudi did end up playing for the Sox...so I went with just fingers
#sm Tip: Wrap brand message w/ interesting content to form a long term relationship
Ken Raske: Why are hospital re admissions so high? Discharges to nowhere. Without supportive housing we can not combat re admission rate.
HAIL SOUTHERN!!!
What's embarrassing about that?? I also love the jalapeno jam burger and we're glad you did too! Enjoy your day.
Pompey was betrayed by his own people and run through. He could have used a little reliable Asian steel.
I think you're a great writer and editor. Explaining a thought accurately, briefly, and with a sense of humor is underrated
#Coachella2012 lineup is awesome! Now I can only hope the free-ticket-fairy will be visiting me.
Creatively you can work in ways that you never thought possibly. All the highlights and all the shadows right in front of you to play with.
“: I said that first grant!” fuck yourself tulo
hi i am nominated as a free vpn user by TUVPN.how can i get and avail this offer
Hope you're safely in Florida's arms,
I read and liked it and A SHORT HISTORY at almost the same time, before realizing they were by the same person.
Such a great day today. Gonna be hard to go home.
is a loser who takes 3,000 photos and then tweets about it :) on my account... :) #eyeroll ANNOYING.... ;)
Back from the orthopedic... the walking cast stays for another 2 weeks.
#ff Amazing #SocialMedia ! Join us in person or online
Ha!!!! My son hating on
Oh how my long week starts today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>. Cant wait till its over !
Good Luck Today ...
what's your favorite part doing in Lopez Tonight? and. When you gonna have Victoria Justice? rcks means rock
who cares u melt brains :) WOW THERE'S ACTUALLY A SKRILLEX HATE PAGE ON FB WITH A BUNCH OF PICTURES OF ME WHEN I WAS 16! CREEEPPY!
what I realized from watching this guy play guitar: everyone has something awesome they can do, 2nd nature whether its fingers on a guitar,
Just got in Diner Journal out of Brooklyn! Come and get some great food writing and creative recipes including Grilled Turkey w/ Porchetta
Hope everyone had a great 4/20.:)
"How do you have sex with a CAR?" "Mainly just alot of rubbing up against it..." #MyStrangeAddiction AHAHAHAHAAAAA!
Thanks! Merry Christmas!
I think I should create a Skype for moments like these. Honestly, I'm just a lonely guy most of the time that misses my friends.
Good Morning! You cant beat B-Fast Tacos on a Friday or (hint) at your Holiday Party! Send us an e-mail to make it happen. :)
Frosting our peanut butter triple layer cakes with dark chocolate ganache. Creamy heaven.
Im loving all the work that's coming my way yesterday had 2 photo shoots, a music video, & mtv casting call! Busy busy and loving every min!
'hand raised'
My mana be tryna make everybody think she's the victim, when in reality, she's the suspect !!!!!
I finally got on with my phone.
Thankfully, he didn't have a weapon. The bus stayed at the stop (which everyone loved) while we argued. Then he was ejected.
Soo glad to hear that Colin! I will be calling you Friday to ask a few q's.
San Antonio: Clouds/sun & breezy. South Texas will be cloudy, Wet, and Breezy Wed thru Sat. Today: Clouds/Sun, breezy. High 72.
She sent me a nude pic, my reply. That shit is Wack tho.
There is free WiFi at the Convention Center except for the exhibit hall and at the official conference hotels.
I love
hahah love it
Headed to the Cape for the day with Christine and Malfi
Even my existential crises are having existential crises today. Everything just seems open to question. And this is a good thing.
I am writing a children's book this summer...how cool would it be to write a collaborative book with kids as the creators?!
it don't sound like you kidding that much. Lol
he wont
HAPPY HATCH DAY BITCH! Yeah that's right, you were hatched from an egg.
Would love to hear more about your critiques of SCOT
Small screens force us to put user needs first.
Where'd April go? Time is going by way too fast for my liking
According to a “Time Magazine Survey”, 59% of Americans would rather sit in a Dentist’s chair than sit next to someone on a cell phone.
awe thanks. That's me ;D
#FridayListens Audio re-read of THE OTHER LANDS, Book 2 of David Anthony Durham's brilliant ACACIA trilogy. Read if you like
Happy Mothers Day :]
happy birthday <3 i hope it is a good one.. for whats left of it atleast :)
That may have something to do with you being a lesbian.
gnu has this protein I'm about to start taking called gnc lean protein it got really good reviews as far as the help it gives b
I don't care about his beliefs I've just never liked him won't start cause people tell me I should
Finally! A #J345 presentation that didn't default into the Super Bowl. Well done, MADinteractive. Nicely played,
H.I.T interval...#done4!
Another day another ARCH project. #green #green energy
Chillin at The Nick in Birmingham. Good crowd already and no ones even set up yet! -MWM
Me either. I think the Cards are going to succeed in the post season again too this year.
great job in the movie you where my favorite lol it really show a different range for your talents so great job love it
Did you know that less than 5% of lost cats make it home? Even indoor cats are at risk. Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped.
Will do thanks for sharing. Sorry for the late reply!
That I should seek therapy ASAP.
Skunk hunting below the top of Strawberry Hill, south side.
What a great suggestion.. You are so right! Sons needed to hear the speech. You sound like a great Dad and Roll Model:)
about to go play some tennis before working tonight on production schedule for REVOLVING DOOR...
the #rangers coach is an asshole
He hit on my date. I remember that much.
i am to please :)
Can I go even though I'm neither young or professional? RT 13 days til Education Conversation with 4 TIX LEFT
That would be awesome! It would be great to see sympotic studies offering more holistic data on 'elite practices.'
and i can sit here and say ill take your girl and beat the shit out of you afterwards cuz i know i can, but what will that prove? nothing
I hate I phone chargers
Listening to The Score by The Fugees. Damn! Such a classic. About wreck Bikram. 8pm class, day number 16 of 100. Where is Lauryn Hill?
it was great to meet you today! Love your heart for serving & making a difference in the lives of kids!
Free fry friday sucks lol
F U Doan!
Vegan lemon pistachio cupcakes in the hizzy!!!!
If radio stations are having boyband contests, they should be required to play boyband songs 24hrs a day.
Jus ate some Wendy's :}
Hey in Robinson -- thanks for a great haircut! Katie is the best!
Actually it's quite a high E natural. :)
Really? Safety?
Goggles Up!
hip hip hooray! Thanks!
yeah safe house looks good to - this star wars ish is ridiculous line around the block
what game are you guys going to be covering?
See you bitches at training on Monday!
i knew you'd take advantage of the word "anywhere" lmao
Congratulations to the White Cloud High School Class of 2011!! Today is your day- enjoy it!! :)
either feel it or try to kill it
I wish the july 20th game was here in Jacksonville..my wife and i would be in attendance cheering you on..
I've been missing #southbeach and everyone and everything at home! And I'm teaching this weekend in Miami.
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing. Emo Philips
Checked it out. Closest would be the Roanoke festival in May.
In honor of the Miracle Mile Art Walk, we're opening the museum doors for FREE to all, 12 to 6 pm tomorrow!
I thought it said "ripped whores cares"
RT : Korver was wide open and you KNEW he was going to hit that. #CHIvsDET----->EXACTLY!
im gonna have a heart attack! saint fucking iker!
"Good God in heaven almighty....we've got a cataclysmic situation developing..." I would do anything to be there when it hits!
Received my DVD's of #WatershipDown and #PlagueDogs from Amazon today. Cannot wait to compare the two.
People Wonder Why I don't want to Live in the Republican South because of the Injustice of Criminal Systems of Blacks in this Country!
Looking like Heat and Mavs... What ya think?
Concert with at Alfaro's!!!
Cold day in the burgh.
I thought it was an innertube
oh ur one of those kind of girls
When my mom brings up having a guy as conversation as were driving in the car. #thatswhenyouknow #deanaproblems?
but that would put out the fire. Let's keep that flame eternal.
Everybody FAKE #LessonLearned .!
is opening an office in Detroit! Sweet! The city will really benefit from your presence.
Next Ingnite Chicago is July 28th (Thursday) at 7pm, thoughts?
THANK YOU! Why only 1 (not intuitive at all) way to do something so basic? Abt ready to throw this whole Mac in the trash can.
haha well it's all work this month and the next for me. But, the bagels and eggs soften the blow. And some OJ. m
Kobe is going to be so sick if they lose. But I'm not shocked that Denver is not backing down at all cause they are a gritty team
O u doing it now
In honor of World MS Day, please sign up to ride in the Best Dam Bike Ride. The Ride is great fun! MS is anything but! www.wisms.org
We've changed our twitter handle to make it easier for our clients to find us! Follow for #immigration updates!
I love Kaiser!
yall need some beats over there?
we should be growing now
#boycottrush advertisers & Don't be the last to hold on.
This weather is just,sexy
Send me a link to your mixes / podcasts. If they're dope I will repost them !
Eat em w/ chz RT : I have about 90 unanswered emails and I really don't know what I'm going to do with them all. What do you?
Oh man, now i wanna know the rest. It's all about the details ... ;)
'Even tho you may be afraid abt many things, don't be afraid to allow God to do His work in you, looking into the deepest part...
Goof Troop annd Dark Wing Duck was my shyt
is that it? I thought it was like 14 haa
Let us know when the post is up! I'll be eager to read it.
Someone in the office just yelled "No!!!" when they announced Manny Parra was warming up.
One day ill be tha main women worried bout tha otha women lol but until than i hv no worries...
lol - I happen to like Pinterest a lot & wonder why more men aren't on it!
If I get up to 100 followers on this account then I will follow 20 of you guys on my other account!
Why are brunettes so proud of their hair? It matches their mustache. btw i love Brunettes ;)
You crack me up. Drake is the reason for #yolo. RT : Did Drake really just say #yolo in the motto?
Mm m good! Cant wait til Sat 9/17/ I love dumplings & so does most everyone at Single Stop USA
The New Year is approaching fast...
Nol I'm up for today, what yall got up for today?
I'm so bored..
Thanks for the follow!
ALABAMA SHAKES
how rude
np! I need more followers! Help me get to 1k! xoxoxo
Well that kaiser roll was simply delicious.
Nice room! I see you made it safely!
“If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.”
Inquiring minds wanna know just how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
when their voters are dumber than they are.
Damn I didn't know he was that old, but then again all Asians look young. I'm often mistaken for a teenager
Anti-nutrition is pollution in the air water and food we eat.
I'm so excited! Been a year since I've been to a playoff game!
Sleep, I've missed you. I think after a night of trips and falls, I deserve some quality time with you.
thank you
You're inspiring JLin. We need more Asian-American role models like you out there. Keep it up!
Jason Pierre Paul single handedly won the game tonight first score of the game crunch time tackle and game saving block
Talking to realtors about our poor buying choices in 2005 makes me furious. I just want to burn all manmade structures to the ground.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
lol he forever driving reckless, I love him man
Louie got game! ;)
kris, how long will you guys be living there for?
the King.
Off to my last class and piccolo Pete is playing. I'm gonna miss this place
#CanIBeHonestWithYou your blog sucks
Watching More Than A Game
Recommend McFinnigans Pub in SA. If in Austin then Bull McCabe's Irish Pub. Two great places and they love their futbol!!!!!
If you don't vote for The Fray will sing at every major sporting event for a year
only you would run with lipstick on! Oh and pearls! Love it
or more like they take us for a walk! lol
somebody come get me out the house please before I pull my hair out....its that crucial
Thank you to Colin Powell for introducing the one and only joke into the Atlantic council dinner
#ConfiesoQue Sometimes I wanna live in Detroit c:
#Imagine You wake up, Zayn is lying close to you with his arms around your waist. You move, Zayn mumbles:''No, don't get out of bed yet!''
okay love
Hot in the city again...
If I have to "talk" to one more automated customer service system, someone is not going to see Tuesday.
Abt to head to the hospital to support my bro Dez, his son is abt to,enter this world.
Bears goin to the super bowl
I'm so excited to see you guys! =) even my parents vote for ya'll haha!
I treat people the way they treat me. If i'm treating you like crap, you'd know what that means.
Enjoying my first time pitching, yay!
Like this kid RT : RT : is it going to be on ESPN// naw, I don't want all that attention.
Thanks for the retweet!
hope you had a fun time!(:
I didn't know. Duh!!!
You are such a talented golfer!
Lord knows we'll always love each other, & wont admit it but time apart done made room for another
Was that a joke Garry?
Home. Watching 1000 ways to die. The exciting life of a rockstar. Lol.
requesting cruciferous vegetables is an indication of impending spinsterhood. shouldn't food network should warn against this?
Good luck with all that.
#WeWouldntWorkOutIf you absolutely despise of country music
I #FollowYou you follow me(:
I don't care if u cut of my ears.. I'll always love #music~
thank you!
"We can't quite decide if the world is growing worse, or if the reporters are just working harder."
lol hell yeah, I used to quit if I wasnt up by at least 21.
One more at six and I'm done-zo for the semester! <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
You're welcome! What are you likin' most?
please please please follow me !!!!<3
yes thanks pig!
friend me on facebook childofgod169 at gmail
I had to work until right now on my bday. I deserve a freaking medal or something...
About to head to work. Then home. Can't wait for payday! Gonna get headlamps for celica, drawing pens, and keen sandals =) yay
I've already said it, but congratulations! You're going to be a great Aunt.
when your coach puts some girl with a slower time than you as anchor on the A relay..
Aww. I have it on DVD. Lol
I live next to the loudest birds ever. Hey birds, why are you so loud?
happy to hear it! Thanks for chatting, and the nice note.
#playoff game-day in #Denver - Mammoth vs from @ 5:30pm today in West Division Semi- tix available
#wineweb starting.........now. teaching social media.
I use most of this RT : Americans use 16 thousand tons of aspirin each year.
maybe true however when u refuse to spend much money to improve your product u leave yourself open 2 speculation
I love your song s.o.s it's amazing
watching jane austen's persuasion movie montages on youtube
I've been surprised by how many wealthy people I've heard say recently that they have very little to no money in the stock market.
GOOD LUCK!
#ihatewhenskinnybitches think they all tht bitch you skinny wat do u have to offer skin&bones
CIO Quote of the Day, former Frito-Lay #CIO and Hall of famer Charlie Feld: “If you don’t like change, you’re going to hate extinction.”
any ideas or anybody to contact with a studio for First Friday? Much love!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
winner winner chicken burrito dinner haha
Thanks again for passing on the great INDIE contest info! :)
we have been trying to buy another copy of our episode of weird travels. are they available for sale yet?
judges mom had sex with an ass...
Here is a breakdown of this year's #Sponsorship Opportunities for The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism bit.ly/SponsorshipOpportunities
well, welcome! I'm excited to read your tweets knowing what a good writer you are! :)
so bad
Check out Tuesday night's dinner at Nassau County Sports Commission .
Finally going swimming. <3
A6. Just looking around this virtual room fills me with optimism!
O HAI SLEEP I LUV U.
"You do you boo boo" - always cracks me up!
Good. Those are the days that help us progress the most!
okay maybe I'm #latetotheparty or #jumpingonthebandwagon but I am seriously obsessed with
They are definitely going to layoff teachers, but too bad they won't be the bad teachers.
No, lmao she used to sit in front of me when you sat beside me.
Remembering A Grandfather's 'Best Gift' - NPR
“: I feel like she was using me , until she got her best friend back :/ #Used.” ? ....
my outfit today is actually looking good.
I dare you to try, ! u have a much longer drive to get here than me! anyone think we'll end up losing, here?
.my tummy is grumbling ;o
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist all falls down
what if it was HUNGER GAMES meets 50 SHADES OF GREY meets FREEDOM meets HUNGER GAMES (again)? #bookhookin'
I'm in AA now. Justin moved up and skipped his last year of single a. I miss that guy, Andrew. Are you doing ok
stuck in the house all week
Get it done Tiger. The rise back to #1 will begin today
Praying for NYC and everyone on the east coast.
You can start a "jam session" with friends on garage band in the new version
Take a quick shower.
because it's a tidy allegory for the 99%. 100 boys compete, 99 die and the winner gets rich.
One day wit gloves
4 prize packs left
I could go for a knockout drag down.
Damn I go to School in Alabama never noticed how far that Shxt is!.
"there's gotta be somethin in the water 4 out of their 6 kids are gay!!!!"
Call me maybe.
check your DMs!
Really, the kids weren't that ducking cute.
Did you know CACs helped over 270,000 children suspected of being sexually abused in 2011? If we don’t #SAVECACS who will help them?
Well, he more than likely wouldn't see it until tomorrow anyways and I have to go to school tomorrow so I'll just wait.
I'm taking off my toes
#MySpecialPowerIs mind altering dimples (thanks )
It's Sunday Fun Day! No, not really. It's Sunday Productive Day. And here I go....
Yes! Would love to hear how small non-profit makes social work w/little to no $ + time
So when ya friends ask im not cha man just the closes thing ya had to a Boo Thang...
In general, the more difficult it feels, the more calories you burn.
“I will lay me down in peace, and take my rest; for it is Thou, Lord, only, that makest me dwell in safety.” ~Psalm 4: 8 ()
Tell me a joke. Women's rights. Hahaha I'm horrible
New site updates www.DebbieDownerEnt.com
:O My YouTube broke.. :\
How at around 7 I was dead tiered but now I'm wide awake…. o well back to the muzik
#ImAlexsGirl TREND IT
James Hook. RT: : James Hook?
Ok, hopefully I can make a lil some some up in there. let your people know im come with that.
my dad just sent me a picture of his poop... no more for him
I'm sure he has some equivalent chant. Don't all politicians?
I don't know what your talking about(:
the look is useless on flights. there's something in plane a/c systems that turns parents into social imbeciles.
Word's out! We'll have ARCs of our dystopian anthology DIVERSE ENERGIES @ ALA, w/ stories by + more!
nope but I got the bunny ears on it lol
Won the longest drive in the golf tourney this am. Thank G-d for that bloody Mary!!
Thanks! What did you get?
I'm not a bitch, you just don't deserve my kindness.
Good night everyone, enjoy the show. I want a roll! Oh yes, I hope Cantor get's the flu!
RT : Maybe I should watch the ranger game tonight considering there is a mob of blue and red outside my window
what's your favorite kind of music?...
-Heyy do we have to wear a tie n blazer today-!?
check out our artist!!!
My shoes have been untied lately
no se nellitzia! es el que dice FOX :S
i am like slow
Funny yesterday victoria: dont run from me, dont think we cant see u Me: what are u talking bout V: the fish c Me: o it swims not runs
Spun today: My Aim is True, This Year's Model, Armed Forces, Get Happy!!, Trust, Imperial Bedroom, Blood & Chocolate, Brutal Youth
Honored by Fearlessly Feminine Ministries having me speak on a "What do guys think?" Panel. Good job moderator, Frank Ruiz!
still iso google wave invite
Thanks! The presentation got a great response, and your research generated plenty of faculty interest
Thanks for sharing! Interesting. Like yr thoughts on citation as incentive for sharing & curation.
RT : I will be there!
RT : Paid coach may not be willing (or able) to give u 'insider' view. Mentor is a diff relationship.
been on aaron.tv lately?
lets tweet about how you nd the bulls r gonna bring us a championship :)
Had such a great time with the Black Eyed Peas and LMFAO last weekend at ESTATE * Can't wait until this weekend...
RT Tonight! Thrs Night Live 6-9 PM, Jazz in Atrium (Heather Paterson) Sketching in Galleries Michael Lagocki
how am i supposed to write 100 words about an Apple Butter Boil?
thanks for coming to ! Henna Party Workshop tomorrow! May God move!
T minus 13 hours until the avengers.
the only safe place is here now....
I used to be a huge TV fan, but I'm not following many series that I love. Can anyone suggest one?
Truth RT "Fuck the Big East." -
i will coming soon ask i finish exam
Pac/West launched it's Facebook page! About to create a professional profile in addition to my original. I think this is the best option.
Glad I'm not the only one that can't choose a brother.
Dear God. Thank you for inventing the best 2 things ever. Baseball pants. And Lax players. Amen;D
Now THAT'S Funny!
I see what you mean! :-)
Sloan/Harris/Gee/Jamison/Samuels ... sometimes we seem a very far way away.
#midwestfashionweek designers will be live on Fox 59 tomorrow morning Antonio Fermin at 7:45am
We have, actually -- great food!
Dick Head
We're reconstructing our website (which will be up soon!); the menu will be up there as well as a few other internet goodies.
lmfao, at what kyree is telling us on the phone!!
Thanks for sending that pic! Those do look great after 25 years! Do you remember where you got them?
sorry our account got hacked
Home alone:-((
I don't think it's a happy Friday if you need liquor this early :) RT : Happy Friday. Is it too early for liquor?
We hope to see everyone tonight @ Gaston Hall for 's 1-on-1 interview w/ CBS Sportscaster James Brown. Event starts at 7pm.
What a great idea! Select two characters, one setting, one prop, all clipped from a magazine, and GO!
Was good to see some creative playcallin from Wisc and Packer coaching staffs this weekend. Way to show your stones Brett and Mac
I CANT STOP LISTENING TO 11:11 ITS AN AMAZING SONG!
dont feel bad i did too lmfao
Jesus heather, eat a hamburger!
Me like
Hansen says "There is room on our side"
What's better than a fine cigar???
Seeing guys check out Tressa's ass is one of the funniest things.
I don't know, probably. I just wanted to get all excited about the mapping though! Whatchu mapping? What tools? etc.
Playing the Blues Brothers show at Universal.. 1 down 4 to go
has some cocktail glasses to die for
HS Ballers and Parents -- ... Find out what it takes to www.PlayCollegeBasketball.com !!!
More tremendous officiating in this year's playoffs. Kovy has a right to be incensed.
Don't have an #AdWars team? Looking for 9 brave soldiers to join my team, #AllThePresidentsAdMen. Do you have what it takes?
they probably have it at the Japanese market at 17th and U st
Wishing I were in the audience at #wits with , but happy to be listening to it online. A bit of funny is good on a Friday.
Well, wow, the feeling is mutual - good friends and good fans.
love u too(: text me
#Aries MB guy of the day: Prodigy
I don't even how i feel...
Thanks for following bro!
Olivia you're beautiful. <3
These woman on sportscenter cannot talk. Their studdering as a team
Do you need a mentor or a phychic? Mentors think they know more than they do, phychics make you feel better by guessing well.
i was born this way <3
#TrapMusic #RealShit if u can't relate listen to dat weak ass
It's likely for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its inbuilt limits and concerns.
Haven't tweeted my man in a min. <3
You guys are so jealous! I'm at pump it up!
RT : "Get involved in ur miracle." So awesome! Don't just sit around praying for it, become a participant in it!
im not
yep! It's all our fault. Before we started this account, APD's reputation was sparkling. Lol
Mexican food leftovers
Do I make you horny baby?
I have school now
The elbow seen round the world. What happened to world peace?
There's a burning in my chest and my eyes feel heavy. Its ridiculous how much I miss you.
so I someone got a spam DM from you. You may want to change your password. :/
no way. I need the hours. Spend the night with me afterwards!
we are very sorry, but the event is completely sold out. Thank you so much for your interest! It will happen again in 2012!
People can say what they want about Comcast, but all I know is that I'm watching Purdue on ESPN 3 on my computer because of Comcast.
I'm studying social media in #MBU543 w/ We're learning about twitter chat and this is my 1st time participating with
it really did <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Excited to sit at table at IGNITE celebration tonight. Occupy Portland has us taking another route.
They gone PUT Miami OUT!!!!
Cs Magazine has nominated Salute Wine Bar and Cafe as one of the best restaurants in Chicago in the Italian category. Come check us out!
The team behind HTN is filming a new movie starting Monday - get updates at and
no I'm actually not.
She cooking dinner with cho pants.
It is all how you think about it...and it is all up to you
Speaking in New Orleans this week! A wonderful company hired me to train their staff on Mental Management - it's going to be a great week!
Follow me back; assholes!
I see PokerStars is raising the blinds on the Zoom game. Good PR if a player could sit in on a hand with their favorite pro.
Happy International Women's Day! :)
Thank ya old man! Making your debut to the web!
some times a man needs to explore a jungle just to find a woman! Ha!
Up early today headed to a Open Practice session at Ft. Meade Lanes.
was a GREAT show. Thanks for comin out!!!
On summer evenings my young wife and I would sit out front, high on potato wine, and watch the sun skitch its orange skirt over the horizon.
It's getting warm , everyone starts to act crazy
I guess he only wants White males who are rich & Christians. Leaves a lot of us out!!
Ha that's probably because it is criminal love!
the closer to summer, the less I care about school.
I have calmed down. We are united. And no one out there needs to know where I keep my spork.
office remodeling underway, it is going to be a difficult few weeks but will be worth it for a larger space.
I just let out a sigh of relief
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.—Carl Jung
APUSH with , , , , and was a blast this year. I'll miss it<3
RT My students say drop RefWorks instruction pronto, give them Zotero or Mendeley.
my business
Q. Why do they bury lawyers twelve feet deep? A. Because deep down, they are really good guys.
great building materials picked up this week! 20 gallons mocha brown house paint, tile floor heating system, stone tile, all on the cheap
She's got eyes of the bluest skies As if they thought of rain I hate to look into those eyes And see an ounce of pain
Favorite quotation, period. RT : "Be the change you want to see in the world" -Gandhi
You in Times Square?
That way I'll make sure I get to do all the shit I want to do in my life span.
About to see Hunger Games!
Worst singing EVER!!!
After A Disaster Dont Lock yourself Out Of The World. Because after A hurricane Theres Always A Rainbow <3
Today 1848: St. John's Infirmary, Wisconsin's first public hospital, was founded in Milwaukee.
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40, and RnB.
I live in Detroit Michigan tho
Hey guys!!! #mofones will have another factory #weekend this weekend! yay!! all our artist friends making mofones in an #art studio in #LA!
Nothing makes me happier than simply being with you.
Drunk voicemail: someone misses me, the way I look into their eyes, and call them "baby." This person also thinks I'm on house arrest.
So trekking poles in checked baggage seems to guarantee a #TSA hand search.
thanks. updated it overnight - not paying attention obviously
what's baby rocket?
Spanish speaker expects her to learn a new language to date him? What's up with that?
so either january is national let's start rumours month or national let's piss everyone off month.
gah, so lucky. have a nice cup of hot cocoa for me ok? & enjoy your warm-under-the-covers day!
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY !!
Upgraded to exit row window seat!?!
Saw two guys carrying a desk across Ventura Boulevard at Van Nuys. Just a normal Monday.
“: "If the best things in life are free, how come toilets cost money?" -Johnny Rutledge” Johnny is the fucking greatest
Seems cold..But baby no...Doesnt have to be..Microwaving our medal tragedy ~
How will I know if... finish that line :)
you have no idea how many times i catch mine down at meetings
We just wrapped up a great BOSU class! Have you tried this great way to burn calories?
Would u ever be down to star in a music video? Like nothing sexual lol. I'm looking for someone and your perfect :)
anyways whats happening
pretty sure he was. Sounded old, not really the joking type
he will he will. tryin to bring him to columbus, i'll tell you about it.
where you at big bro?
grad show + the next designer superstars + Sarah Burton () + + Princes Reema = ADRENALINE RUSH
I'm a good listener/when I hear myself speak
Who's ready for some Cheesecake?? We're celebrating National Cheesecake Day in the kitchen. Watch live at 9!
Well those could be taken out of context. :)
What's new with you, love?
aw damn wade! no you didn't get hung -_-
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. ~ Aldous Huxley
One Direction Singing My Life Would Suck Without You.<U+2665>
Nice post. Scary stuff, scarier they dont let ppl know about new features that affect privacy. Scariest yet many ppl don't care.
are you feeling better my friend?
awesome. Made me smile and laugh. YEE “: Who cares if you're nervous? You're the only one who knows that. Ignore it and move on.”
How Romantic!
and a shout out to will prob be the last time i get to see her :/ shes moving on
GREAT NAFC MMA show Fri nite @ Milw's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! Congrats to all who entered the cage! Get ready for major league MMA in Aug!
Follow my friend and he will follow you back
Congrats on the goal!
Which one - the guy who won't talk to a female employee, or the girl who thinks she's god's gift to "comic book nerds"?
If you enter a black hole, you end up in a star trek remake remake.
keep Orly luv her fashion concepts! I would totally buy her stuff!
blahh blah blah
I have, they are great! :)
follow he only needs 126 MORE to reach 100,000 followers!!
I wish I could retweet this.
Just got stalked by a guy who wanted to sell me something it Waz a grown man in girlz scout costume D:
oh g i got stage frite today
Woot! We have a couple of ranking lists out. Need to start weeding out those teams not in the tourney.
Thank you! Love them!RT : big thanks to - #cupcakes were a big hit for 's birthday!
UFO on top of Rochester building?!
If anyone wants to challeng me on xbox live my name is (OpponentMrTKO)
And if you ain't know, I go by Tity-Two Necklace.
Its funny as hell when dude stops next to you blastin his system and his cd starts skippin....smh lmao!!!!!
Show just announced: April 18th @ THE SHADOW LOUNGE in Pittsburgh!
I like what I've seen from Nate Tice. He's making a run at the starting quarterback position.
is a fool ! lmao
BOUT TO LAY IT DOWN WITH MY HUSBAND AND HAVE SOME US TIME YAY I LIVE FOR THESE TIMES!
Get 20% off all items for Mother’s Day at , including great savings on cards and gifts for mom.
YAY is right!!! RT : Pitchers and Catchers = reported. Welcome back, baseball!! // YAY
goodmorning to you beautiful
Latricia working gate C38 at DFW flight 1003, that's how customer service is done!!!
Thanks Jordan - I am enjoying the process ;)
Several strong performances but Jean Adams as Mrs. Danvers is exceptional: deliciously warped!
Yay to my big bro (one of them anyway) for visiting me for Christmas! And June too!
my favorite is Love the Way You Lie and I also like Vienna :)
That awkward moment when ur on Skype at 3 in the morn and its the one night ur mom decides to "check on u"....-__-
My class starts at 9:30, but I don't show up til 9:35...
Kings Of Leon tickets at 4P; Justin from Blue October in studio 5:30
thanks! That was one wicked cough, miners lung?
I didn't get into any argument and am still on the rage train :)
Breck has twice been a runner-up but has never won a title.
I liked you till I found out you were a total bitch...
Sometimes I remember all the good times we had and memories we made then I remember all they'll ever be is memories sand we wont have more
I know you mean well...but sometimes I just wish you do what I ask and leave it at that. Not like I haven't done the same for you
#thedictator is my most anticipated comedy by far
Another successful clinic - most importantly we kept the quality of our patients' experiences high and addressed all their needs.
I am in a nasty mood tonight! I don't even know why! O well I guess people need to stay away from me!!
Back in Aruba mode.. Gym then work
Never stop dreaming. You will go far.(:
My.mother just called to ask a question she knew the answer too. Why?
Benny & The Breaks show plus Emma Wright birthday extravaganza tonight at
saw new x men today - pretty good! Hanging at the in-laws tonight..
My pleasure. Nice article!
Just witnessed the Mexican mullet, I'm speachless
Just signed up to attend the Women 2.0 Founder Friday San Diego Launch event for May 3, 2012, entrepreneurs, investors welcome, FREE:
bring me some 2morrow!!!!!!(:
ECOF looks thin...
[cont'd] farther in warmer air, and IIRC, 1998 was the warmest year on record.
"if it wasn't so poisonous, i would totally ride that!" (when talking about hidden penises)
i was listening to future- "turn up the lights" & on the 2nd verse he sounds like a Jamaican lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Happy Monday everyone! We'll announce the winner of #GuessJacksScore at 10am central. His score from Friday was 735
Exactly. PNR data in CRS cloud is best proof that Safe Harbor & enforcement of EU data prot. law are complete failures.
NBC has a really cool story on right now about the raid to kill Bin Laden
where you live pansy? I'll make you eat your teeth
Some Great football today... Are you ready for CES, What is going to be the hotest new product???
did i seriously just wake up to someone walking by my apartment whistling the national anthem??
we on dat new shit..what yall know bout ???
thts messed up.
#FF, if you're interested, the face behind 's tweets:
Mane the Devil trying to mess me up early..but I got the Victory.
the power of #love is much more greater than d power of
2nd thought = I wonder if she does anal....
The joy of eating well and aging well! Choose colorful fruits, veggies, whole grains and lean meats to feel great inside and out.
love the new handler!
currently listening to brilliance Switch Switch by on
Anyone at LAX right now? Delayed flight caused missed connection. Long wait for next flight. Hanging at terminal 7 at Karl Strauss.
I feel that as a graduation present to Kendra.you should do a sex para sometime in the near future.that is all.
Nick Drake
yea I qot the one on my upper bck done ina house for 40 but I cant find a dude that tats out his house smh
I know not what things you speak of woman.lol
This coming Monday the 12th I will be at F. Scott's Jazz Bar playing solo. Come you and enjoy some tunes!
Dirk brick
R.I.P to my cuzn. She left us too soon I know you up there looking down on us kid <U+E04E><U+E411><U+E058>
Take chances in life. You only got 1 chance to live your life. #KeepStriving ...
all I want is a husband and babies
CeeLA, this is The Man you are speaking to. Are you in Montreal for the 2nd show. I am Rhianna's God Father.
doing some awesome Welcome campaigns using
Destructoid Pirate T Shirt
There's another project I got that's pretty interesting. Anthology about an asylum co-edited with some guy named Ben Ethridge.
Okay really i just saw as on my timeline it was a profile picture im mean really lady dang <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
We have gone Pink! Join Team Germain for the Susan G. Komen race for the cure on May 15th!
It took away some of the magic to hear them at Crew should know better.
at the shop watching naruto shes so many episodes behind
Congratulations John John Florence. Volcom Pipe Pro Winner...
You should hear! It hit Leander a bit ago..just opened door & peeked..it's calmed down..electricity only went out 4 a while!
Good night twitter world<3
Got my free copy of Flash Builder 4 installed. Thanks Adobe!
you will find a way !!
Tornado warnings in Kaufman, Rockwall Counties until 4pm.
I really need to stop tweeting and start on this ap!!
Get Your movers today! Prices starting as low as $50/h!!! Disassembly and reassembly is always included!!!
Ballgame! Your boy Timmy won more playoff games this year than Aaron Rodgers and Ben and Matt Ryan and Romo. Who's better?
Whats your favorite song?
RT : "My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness." ~Dalai Lama
Artist Lucian Freud leaves $156 million in will - paper
COCO LOUNGE IS ON CRUNK ALERT TONIGHT!! THE SA SPURS WILL BE REPRESENTING!! HURRICANE CITI ON DECK!!
make my day and follow me?<333
what do you do for Starbucks?
mr brown daughter.
need to get these thoughts out of my head because drinking just makes them harder to forget.
Portland, you make us proud. 'Up the Yangtze' is a hit--we love that a Canadian documentary tops the term for screening attendence.
The first 2 weeks of the year are always the busiest at the gym.
we can fly to never never land xo
I'm disappointed in myself for not knowing about these drinks. What are they?
Hey Rock!! whats up man, hey ive actually looked into getting my personal training liscenses. What about u recommend?
Are we going to count the debt we take out for the Vikings stadium as counting toward the budget deficit, too?
will be tough... Young players, wide-eyed at Staples
Step up and do what others will not do and make the difference in the world by being all you can be and know you did your best~ steve dorsey
just cut a 12 minute interview down to 5:30.
Nice!! Returning to class for your final week?
Ohh whenever you want! :D
I don't see why you talk shit. It makes you looks stupid and needy.
Qupe 2009 Bien Nacido Syrah: delicious, up to Qupe's Syrah reputation. Light on the front, big on the finish with a little bite.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 2
At the for a screening of Chuck Norris' Delta Force (unless I misread that email).
*squeeze* I'm always here for you :D
The Spaces between my fingers are there for yours to Fill In
Already got dibs on the living room couch. But this loveseat's got your name on it.
Im very honored! RT : In final Pos1 vote wins endorsement of with 62%
is happy not to listen to neightborhood fireworks because of the rain.
Can fill out welfare/ food stamp application under a minute but can't fill out a job application
You know that moment when you take pizza out of the oven, and know you should wait, but can’t help yourself? Yeah that just happened.
Checking out the new drive-thru Starbucks by my office. Seems easier to just go inside.
B.C.N. Will be attending the Michael Jordan celebrity invitational golf tournament @ aria city center in L .V. from 3/31 to 4/3
I did send an email to provide details. I would appreciate a prompt response.
we sure do
Decided to just hibernate in my room until I croak. Appropriate grad school plan? Thinking yes.
Oh yeah fashionably late trifecta haha loved it
she kicked my sis out she livein wit my grandmotha for the week my motha wnt her to think n she threw all her clothes away!
I wouldn't have noticed that if you didn't point it out
Taco tuesday!!!
“: Ready for Exchange Professional!!! ” welcome Cindy
Most eyes on the most stories. Free content. Advertiser supported. That’s how to do it, , Pay walls tried. Failed.
I'd rather do homework than read #NYR tweets.
Show me your face u fucking asian....
do you have a computer outlet out there?
So tired. -_-
I mean the school work and teacher not the year
Oh FFS Let's get it together!
hi pretty, miss you!
So, now you have me watching #DrWho on netflix. lol.
Mos Wanted Crew killed it!!
Canada! I can't wait to see you!!
got a couple of notes done...then tutoring and more after class.....
I just want my daddy that's all. Guess you can't always get what you want huh?
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS?!?! FOLLOW & SAY "I NEED FOLLOWERS" AND I GOT YOU !!! OVER 10,000 + FOLLOWERS & IM~~>
#bandoftheday is post the vid and pic on our fb when you can!
never been to co co sala but would try it! Looking forward to Nov. You and could come early for the rally on the mall.
Poking your head in is the best feature of Twitter, IMO. Probably because I do it all the time! :)
Yay! Tweet with us!
class is 2day. $7.00 followed by the best Bible Study with Pastor at 7pm - Auditions coming soon!!!
your phone trippen because you dont know how to hit up your wifey !
#imagine when and follow back:/ like that is ever gonna happen:/ </3
It is hot as shit
hi Sky.
over 40 traders in our chatroom right now making a lot of money on AQLV
thank you! Love to meet you too!(:
Ieen got shit better to do
Good boy
Shots indeed!!
Our NEW Be Belle website Just Launched! Specializing in Wedding & Event make-up! Chk us out at www.bebellebeauty.com
LOOKS LIKE IM TAKINIG OVER TWITTER :)
Bored and nothing to do.:(
states that parents are first line of defense to keep kids safe from abuse
A few more minutes and the demo pit winner will be announced. We have a great crowd at the end of the day!
I wonder what the kid in front of me on the bus put as his language on his application to Purdue. Ebonics perhaps?
huh?? not sure what you mean.
Parent: "Hey, we need to talk." Me: *million things run through my mind, what did they find out about?* Parent: "Stop leaving the lights on"
sonoran hot dog making its ESPN debut
- "wait.. But his is bigger than mine.." to
just show them that you're logged in on your phone. That works too.
Having to convince university police that your bag doesnt contain an explosive.
ok Roenick is really irritating right now
Have fun in KY! Wish i was there or you were w/us! Let's just hope they don't tweet about us!
no but I'm bout to now!
yea she dmed me(:
Just One Tweet can make a night! :) RT #SongICanRelateTo Give Your Heart A Break and Just One Boy
Dear , Please Stop Coming Up On My Pandora. Thank You , Superior Apparel
sure, thanks
Wha? Vit C city, lady. You know home boi is always welcome
Good luck xoxo
#scoremobile is blowing up my pocket with the offense in this #Brewers game today!
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." -Henry David Thoreau
i hope he didn't freeze that friggin chicken again............
Thanks for the reminder!
Damn my charm should be illegal , that's the 5th girl today that gave me the "diablo papi" face
Has indie rock always sounded like adult contemporary and I just never noticed before?
Looking forward to tonight's episode of #BigBangTheory!
*High Five*
You're right!! It'll only be like four days late. Also they eloped, so that means all rules are off, right?
at first i thought would be funny, then i realized his failed career as a comedian trasnformed him into a golf blogger.
I need to see Burnham in concert again :P It's been since 11/11/11 was the last time I saw them in concert
Women want to be listened to. Pretty basic, but seemingly tall order.
<< Sweethearts always win!
I'm spraying it repeatedly with Windex
Colorado has a snowday and I have 5 hours of class straight.
#RIPDonna Extremely saddened by the loss of legendary musician Donna Summer! Her songs of love, loss, & heart will be her beautiful legacy.
Twain: "The inability to forget is infinitely more painful than the inability to remember." Create a culture of forgetfulness.
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!!!
I am woman! I am invincible! I am pooped!
mention me im up & hella bored
that would be my guess. But who knows
I keep losing followers. Haha. Ops?
Submitting press release for www.iheartonenote new member contest.
#SignsSheGetFoodStamps When they say "we got food at home"
Nick from last note felt the ghost spirit here and he had no idea it was haunted!
I encounter realize it's a matter of knowing where to look, not necessarily some certificate. I've been doing research ...
this is so sweet :-)
love drinking cold coffe its yummy
#FF Way honored! My novel, Tomorrow They Will Kiss, scores another 5 star review! amzn.to/9SBWUL Thank you kind readers.
No one has any excuse: Andrew Haigh's WEEKEND is on Netflix Instant! WATCH IT unless you want to see Cuntessa Aubergine (aka me) yell!
No. That's danielle. She is a friend of mine:) my photos are on my twitter.
#PopUps EXPECT DELAYS multimedia #art #installation by V Bonet @ 630 Main & PRIMITIVE POP SERIES by R Robinson @ Broadway/9th
bringing back the 90s!
Going to the Vancouver B.C. and Seattle show! July 27th and July 28th :) x
TONIGHT 9pm BREW-HA-HA WBC. Steve doing standup along w Chuck Booms and Victoria Bussberg
If anyone has other podcasts recommendations I'm all ears. I listen to lots of them geek related. You can never have enough options :-)
stupid football is depriving me of watching on 60 minutes. Ugh
I've never been so pissed.
im not. ;o
We just had a very civil debate on FB. Amazing. 88 comments and no name calling.
It's not too late to book your Holiday Party - there are still options. Think Brunch or Lunch or after work cocktails & appetizers.
Dealing with my caffeine addiction by drinking a pot of freshly ground Kona coffee.. m
Chillin at today. I sometimes forget are real people.
HELP YOUR HEALTH – SUPPORT YOUR COMMUNITY! CSA – Community Supported Agriculture. For a fee you buy local, seasonal food directly from a fa…
It's time we do our part in helping our community. Email for more information!
Q1) Agree this is happening but in my experience it is department and team managers directing it. Dept and project portals
... in vacation mode, seeing Chicago with Singaporean pharmacists and old friends.
Tryin c what GTown gone do 2nite follow Oaks on twitter @ oaksgbgh
Come see me at booth #40 & the Awesome at booth #41(<U+2665>Ha! How did the Universe arrange that union? Neighbors!<U+2665>)
you here this weekend, right?
My feet are so yellow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Do any of the four types of unintentional "innovation assassins" lurk in your company?
clear penalty, no?
Would be holding another panel or are you simply attending?
Yes, I throw pennies away. so what?
Where can we get 'Love Pastry' shirts? I really want one!
everything I pin or comment on she likes it, re pins it and shares on. 2 sec after I made him my friend she requested.
You know today is going to be awesome.
yea boi! Happy birthday :)
Join us for Belly Moves Prenatal Yoga with next wed! Or join me tonight, can't wait!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!25
Still looking for Men of Steel (and some women) for our Fall Premier! Contacta for more details. Auditions being scheduled!
Bank o'Canada removes women fr $50 bill:famous 5 fought to be persons & Therese Casgrain 1st female leader of pol party. Arcti ship instd.
thank you! I'll follow you too! I'm excited to use it! It's so funky!
What up Bro? Hey I'm just chilling at the Crib hooking up these Turntables...
We will be in the South Milwaukee Heritage Days parade today! Make sure to stop by and see us! =)
#AERA2012 co-presenting a communication PD workshop at 8:00. Let's do this!
Francis, instead of criticizing the chef, why don't you post YOUR the 5 courses you felt would have been more representative?
'member Marc, u bragged "when I started with Huntland & they told me to get that monthly check to that elected official, I STOPPED THAT" :-o
Let's go #Blackhawks! It's do or die (again).
Wish this happened more often at other places. RT Kids eat free all day today . One child for each paying adult.
A person who keeps his opinions to himself will seldom be wrong.
Doing taxes. Blech.
I like people to be jealous of us.
I love the sport, I am part of the sport but it is taxpayer money. Where's my sponsorship? I'm a taxpayer. I'm divided on it
Getting halfway done with straightening my hair and saying "Screw it" and throwing it up in a bun.
Last class finishing up with the L-J pretest. This is the 100 important vocabulary words for 7th grade.
In case you wondered--we're home from Israel and Jordan. In November we're going to Israel and Egypt.
can you follow back thx
Miley Is Naturally Beautiful, what more can I add...
Me too!
Im threw fuckin around im off
Wow, request for a belly dancing cake, and an invite to the event! That's a first!!
#stopkony 3 years ago I coached a famous actress for a film about the monster. Shame the film didn't get made.
Schools over in a week, and my whole year has been ruined.
i know, i know, i'm always working.
Can twitters fly?
Vamp up time baby on
Bumping Asap Rocky
#kosher Earlier today I was accused of being racist for asking if a competitor breaking an advertising policy was kosher.
Congratulations! That's wonderful news. :)
Morning! Morning!
Thanks for the tip MB. I don't mind looking like a dork.
Are you in contact with your relatives there?
Okay great! Where does she sit? I need to leave something on her desk (:
Boy Next Door
Thanks to for representing The SCoop at the #naacp #teensummit today!
Hey thanks so much!! I'll go check it out :)
Nobody's replying to my texts. Guess I'm in for the night.
yeah she's probably a cunt
MayDay Inc. doing all the task you don't have time to
Tomorrow back to eating healthy again!
it's a sloppy study and blogs repost it as "proof" with no acknowledgment of that
Everything is always okay in the end. If it's not, it's not the end.
All I found in the fridge was applesauce, but at least it was the cinnamon kind. LOL! Enjoy your comfort food! :)
sweet! Cuz I have a bunch. Just got another one today in fact.
Let's go Nuggs! Get it together!!!!!
No dessert. I am in training for a raft trip.
with jungle juice?
Ha! RT Know what? Komen can still suck it. They crossed the Rubicon.
Out eating with my soon to be husband, <3
not that easy lol .
Finally off work :)
I Think that all the dreams come true,because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER<U+2665>
my cable went out for a second too... Ugh!
I just declared next Sunday "Take a Jew To Church Day" to help them become completed Christians! Love you Ann and Jesus!!!
It ain't wack if they know what they doing with it .
What one girl won't do another one will....
Hittin the mall is becoming a routine activity these days
Wow! The Dekalb county court is truly diverse! 5 languages, 4 men, 3 women + the ONLY Hispanic judge in Georgia cc
okay bye Aubrey , carry on with your day.
off to work,so i pretend to work ,so they can pretend to pay me...
Avoid northern state heading west there's a huge accident
Wants to attend the ABFF, but it is just too expensive
water and Pittsburgh. :) boom!
When iCry its not bCuz im upSet : its bCuz im mad az hell .
A. Peterson (ACL, MCL) finished 1st in wind sprints w/ teammates this week. Coach Frazier said "he's doing great and we're optimistic."
go get it it's there! “: I desperately want to watch Bridesmaids right now.”
I will be there love!!
you read it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
hahah! It's inhumane. RT : only recording 579 songs in one day. you know... The usual. Hahaha
watching Ali vs Foreman. Ali would have beat this nigga without the rope-a-dope.
Wait, can go down?
bwahahahahahahahaha little goon
blerg...time to start filtering SXSW tags
I love that we live in the time of
Had an amazing long weekend with my fiance - and now it's back to work for both of us!
Cameron Diaz turns 39 today. I like her and think she should go without the makeup. She looks more unique that way.
Definitely good to support what they're doing @ the Loft, but it's also opening @ the Gaslamp.
well he tossed the original Sour Patch Kids (Animist orphan squatters) into the sea as well
My students will be interested to hear that #OccupyWallStreet protesters staged a read-aloud of "Bartleby" in Zuccotti Park in October.
Thanks bro! Let me know if you cop anything i will hook it up! Use "Steven" When you purchase as a discount code!
I would be disappointed in you but I have some here myself.
I still listen to 11:11 by ! anyone else??:)
We're cooking up fish tacos tomorrow on the show. Yum! Tune in to get the recipe!
my favorite part was when it was 's solo
You're a cold but tasteful man! I think it was Ben & Jerry who told us that cold weather doesn't hurt ice cream sales.
woop woo! alrighty lmk what you wanna do cause we never went on our chillis date! and im broke but I get paid this fridayo
Back to work now:)
“: im with SD and he is celebrating like they won the superbowl” - Dork.
lets go!! When & where is it??
#amWriting at Drip Coffee House in Dallas.
It's not the right things we do occasionally, rather it's the right things we do consistently that change our lives. -Joyce
Currently holding down 4th place in the Ideablob contest, looking for a weekend bump over the next few days-www.ideablob.com/ideas/4284
thanks, appreciate it
Big S/O to the boys from Thanks for a great show.
Got a reallllyyyy cute dress! :)
my eyes are killing me from all the dust!
Alex Haupt calls me white girl :l
What a gorgeous start to the day! Come out and get a storage unit 50% off for your first two months!
thanks man :D
Not running the LA Marathon, but I am wearing track pants. What do I get for that? Nothing? Anyone? Is it nothing?
A shower, makeup session, and a glass of water.
Thanks Helen!
Chinese company to buy Weetabix
Maybe for you!
stay the fuck from there
Can't be nice to everybody without someone getting the wrong idea.
When sum1continues2 hate, I find no reason2 get mad or upset.If u don't like me remember it's mind over matter; I don't mind &u don't matter
speaking of pushover. Are you coming over tonight?
Can you elaborate on website design? Like HTML? Or UI? Or graphic design?
I love early release days :)
We'll miss you and too! But don't even worry about it. and I are crashing all your events :)
I hate when people say "Your mom" after everything you say
Preparations for tonight's are in a full swing! It's going to be a great night!
haha i figured tht out im doin hw it suck the dick
like this
Be your best self and bring out the best in others.
tickets will be at ticket outlets by the end of next week...check back for the list of outlets
This is cool.
I don't think so. :(
Made mine too! Well done...
Was off the grid this weekend. It felt great.
If you are in NYC next week go check out auction.Money goes to more awesome public and educational programming
By the way... #shoutout to the so delicious. They even have delicious Tofu Bratwurst for all you herbivores.
Today is #10/10/10! Help celebrate its 10th year of supporting classrooms by following them. Pls RT. /via
Stayed up way too late to be awake since 6am. But gotta get as much work as possible done today.
If I forgot who I am, would you please remind me.
she's ktfo right now
why do u work mornings now?
only if he can pitch the 7th and 8th every fucking night
#IfYouKnowMeWell , then you'll understand my situations.
Stuck on jury duty today. They can't pick people from the unemployment roles, that would be too easy.
Giving a tour of the honors program today. YES. I have always wanted to be a tour guide.
What makes a great place to work? What was the best company you ever worked for, and why? Join the conversation at noon
when is cody goin to be on punk'd???
Duck duck goose as a state of existential awakening. I only know who I am when I become goose. Then comes the chase.
At least there weren't any zobies - that we know of...
Finishing up an Information Security project today and head for Bali, Indonesia for the Holiday Season. Happy Holidays to everyone!
I hate futs
I'll send you an email :) Have fun today!!
right with you there.
omg I know. I'm in the same building as Thom!!!
Working on SPARTA -THE SHOW EPISODE N.4 www.syndicateradio.tv !!! LOVE YOU ALL!
Hey Boston. How do you like them apples?
thanks for the lead to The Band Perry. I just didn't know.
hope your Saturday Is sunshine and flowers!!!!:)))
RT: : All people want is $$$ & im so tired of it. For real. <~~ SO damn true, sadly.
I love your twitter name #justSayin :)
What's your play count, dawg? xD
yeah. he seems cliche like that. then he'll buy her nice silicon parts and lots of gold and greek columns for the house...
Eric, the smooth-talking, ladies man, devises the perfect strategy to win over his ex-girlfriend Abby, in the gripping thriller 'Fair Play'.
Happy B day
Cant wait to enjoy some sun this weekend. Makes me want to be a Trendy Fox
Working on news story & need Bodymedia users in Pittsburgh who R running the marathon, ½ or relay. Contact us as
MVC presentation by is the very best so far. Wish every PHP developer could hear it.
Congrats to producer genius for his #Broadway production of #Godspell being featured on the front page of the #NYTimes!
Levi leer Mixtape release & Pastor Troy movie release TONIGHT!!!!! @ #PearlBistro Be there!!! #TeamSelfish !.!
Heavy rain and cloud to ground lighting here at this time..
I hope my bae is having a wonderful day. I'm hoping to skype later...
Who Am I: That quintessential verse that defined who you are as an artist. Every MC has this verse...or at least should have this verse.
There is a term for vocab experts. Vocabularian-Someone who gives much or undue attention to words. who knew?
Embrace the gray!
they all work?
Last night I learned it's possible to play "The Twist" loud enough to make one's ears ring. It's a terrific feeling.
Us too! Let us know if they make it online, we would love to link to them.
VERY well said!
they wouldn't let me get my stuff
I am watching Melancholia. I feel like I am being fucked in the brain by the Tristan chord.
nigga just said he had one of mine. Now its I ain't seen u with no one. Nigga which one is it compulsively lies
RT : Find our Top 100 Best Free #Kindle #Books which is updated daily on #Squidoo. #novel #DigitalBookToday -...
THEY SPELT IT WRONG. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THEM
THERE IT IS AGAIN.
It's safe to say put on one of the best performances to date. New songs are shaping up nicely.
Just telling you the truth,
: You had me at cheese platter.
Twerking to the beat of Europe's "Cherokee"
Iconoclast of the Day: Jimmy, for gamely continuing to crack corn despite the fact that no one seems to care.
lia sophia 's Elena Kiam Dishes on How to Make this Holiday Season Gem-tastic We chatted with the Creative Director of lia sophia, Elena
Oh. My. Holy. Shit.
Hawks showed up tonight
Everytime I see a horrible driver, I wonder how they ever made it out of the birth canal.
How are you??
No problem, hope you have a great weekend--supposed to be nice weather.
I'm ready for ya, come on! $2 craft beers!
Enjoying some seriously sticky Natto & brown rice. M. Pungent and delicious!
Just sent the Easter cards to the grandparents - sometimes I forget how much a handwritten card means.
wow, that is quite unexpected! Email me:
God Is Soo Good He Keeps Opening Doors!!
Note the importance of the Oxford comma in the last tweet. Come on AP
Don't hand me shit then except me to give you gold cause you can go to #teamfuckyourself #teamfollowback ;)
yes that's right. Never know! But I'm so happy they got through another week. They are kicking butt!
Here's where my tolerance ends: neither of them is into soccer... so I'm trying to convert them.
's Hair Is Dope o;
The city that reads!
Hahaha I Have My Reasons And You Don't and You Still Had Chalk On Your Butt#Memories.(:
Plleeaase someone tell me a bedtime story !
with the fudge! The best part.
try to hide your boners when u walk out of class, it's not a good look
Might be taling to you then! Soon.
Light, sound, & smell- keeps ghosts away! My candle making at home is great!!!
My boyfriends in the hospital with a bad case of non-existence.
Ew the stupidest party in 8th grade history
Yes!!! RT : <U+E110><U+E00E><U+E30C><U+E110><U+E00E><U+E30C> RT : Thank you SO much for saving the St. Patty's Day parade!!! I love you!!
You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me. ~ Darth Vader #MarchMad(scientist)ness
Okay so i say i hate when people assume. and i do. and yet i assume so much tbh
First thought-take a look at the work for hire section in Nimmer on Copyright. What cases does Nimmer cite? +
Listening to music and talking to u lol, wbu?
So great to finally meet you in person! Hope to find time to chat soon :) cc
let #pace nyc know about our $1 slice special! Tonight until 9pm! 41 john street
RT : I'm looking forward to the Komen Foundation's logical next fundraising effort: Pink cans of New Coke. (Gold!)
oh stop with the big words! What is this 'homework' you speak of anyways?
This cat want 13 hundred for this car but yet has 13.00 on it
#LetsGo #Mountaineers Beginning of a
have yu talked to her?
machine-gun range gets a steady stream of visitors and will never use that range again. 2 many newbies with too much firepower
We already have Beyond the Codices (updated, expanded) and Book 12 of the Flor. Codex from Jim Lockhart, ready to add. Need grant!
think we are good on noodles , but some drinks would be awesome if you can manage it ;) thank you !
s/o means shout out....
Do I look a fucking mother to you
nah i did a different one.
Thank you!
yea i love that kid no homo
yeaa I feel you me too but I bruised my collar bone at practice today and boy does it hurt lol
Love it! Congrats!
I owe you lunch :)
actually LOVING it!!! Battery life is a little shaky, but overall, its a pretty awesome piece!
Think about it
good work :)
what's your favorite photo community? we <3 , but want to find others!
You can now shop select pieces from my collection on the SUCCARRA Facebook page! Go check it out and tell me what you think...
The willingness to listen, the patience to understand, the heart to care & just to be there that is the beauty of a lady! Happy Women`s Day!
I'm erasing all the unwanted drama out of my life, because at the end of the day all I'm trying to be is happy....
MSR Faculty Summit here I come. Sneaking in w/o a phd... Sessions look very good.
My real one: Stranger note as you walk by, as you are now, so once was I. (con't)
Do you know there are many opportunities for the GIS Freelancers on GIS Extensions Market?
Time and time again we need a little break
No need to see new faces keep that circle small and tight
eva's
Sadly, I'll be out of town for the show, but I hope the kids dance well & have fun.
Fish fry and pumpkin soup w greens...today...bring your Friday face!!
I need a life
Philadelphia's school situation is beyond crisis mode at this point. We all need to present our best ideas now
i looked like shitt
indianapolis dryvit contractors, indianapolis eifs contractors, indianapolis stucco contractors, indianapolis dryvit repair, indiana eifs
I GOT HOES TRYNA BE LIKE ME!! Awesome!!
its time for me to play some
you WOULD like that. :(
you're awesome.
Everybody is looking for something...sweet dreams are made of ________
Attention all Titans Gym members refer a friend to Titans Gym get a free month on us.
i appreciate your support
Where therr's a will... There's a way...
What's Romney gonna do when he discovers that two of his corporations are gay and wanna marry each other? Huh?
RT Among cablers, CNN first w/the news of Betty Ford's death; MSNBC second; Fox third.
I want to offer my love and respect to the end
ah, yeah they is a wee bit of size difference. Woah, how big will she get? I like the name
it is amazing the amount of expensive fetish gear they've concocted for what should be basic locomotion. fools & their $...
I can't write anymore!!!! rewriting is killing me... brain is dead
Beautiful day. Enjoy it
come on over
Fun fun fun!
Now in that stage of guilt for saying some of the stuff I said/did tonight. Completely insane. What a night.
Thanks for including me in the Daily today.
unfortunately CA law requires a T7 growler, no others.
Catching up on some rest this morning before another really busy day preparing for this weekend's opening of "The Cup".
Excellent food and atmosphere. RT : Has anyone tried Bookbinders in Richmond?
#Chiefs sign QB Brady Quinn
People who weren't going to vote Obama still aren't going to vote 4 him after today, BFD. Everybody else better get off the damn fence.
Sitting under da dryer waiting for my hair to dry... Getting sleepy af
meeting Hiro From msr Tonight for a drink!
this guy is an awesome director!
cheerleading competition today :D
WHAT! Are you ok?
Rt @#iranelection Everybody in South-Korea please wear green tomorrow at the football match against Iran. COPY THIS
. Mine too but could be timing. Gotta put it out there while your peeps are listening.
as much as I'm not a country fan.. I secretly agree with you!
And today we added Bottle Tree Blonde to the line-up (we're officially over 200 brews for EABF!)
Philly's clue for the #LinkinParkScavengerHunt will be at Lincoln Financial Field, right? We do call it "The Link", after all.
The page is now linked with Twitter and Facebook. Unity is beautiful!
Silent stats class, this girl come in blasting Chris Brown. No one can think straight.
Just arrived at the hotel in Muncie. Now to get something to eat - I'm starving!!!!
TWITTER IZ ACTING DUMB Y IDK
Unfortunately, no...
okay now-that's kinda wierd...
DOA Sec. Mike Huebsch testifies it will cost $500,000 to remove tape at Capitol and $6 million to restore marble due to residue.
At school was deemed too academic, in real life too creative..
It's such a beautiful day here in Nashville! Loving the weather so much!
Stressin over shit I can't control is
Let's hope the NFL starts back up. I have a need for sports. almost time for it to start up once more.
okey know u think we are crazy sorry hihi.........
needs to do a Loranna Bobbit on little Jesse & put him down a running g arbage disposal
Can I Get Refiilllllllllllllllll
I vibe to piss em off & I know errday
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK,
congrats! You deserve it!
Slice of the week North Ave: BOLOGNESE!!!
so true my friend
My peoples gave me the best bday card w/ librarian jokes. Thanks you guys!
One thing that I hate is waking early.
I followed :)
Chilled spring aspargus soup-YUM!! Lobster rolls for 9 bux! Come see me @ the Y-CAFE. Open to the public 7am-6pm. Come see me!! :)
Fortunately, on Feb 14th I'm going to move to Uzbekistan where Valentine's Day is cancelled. via
shame on how u act wirh ya grown self smh
you're a sweetheart. That's good, the more love he- and you- have, the better!
Philly airport has free Wifi, I kinda love this.Still doesn't make up that I didn't sleep on the flight here. hah.
Hmm...post a new album to the site or go to sleep?
We're still navigating a move toward teams - some led by staff, some led by lay ppl. In reality, we drive a hybrid.
sidenote, everyone should tune into espn and watch my school lose to FSU. just sayin.
Perfectly perfect Colorado weather.
do you want to be in my vid?
c'mon y'all!! Go request DONT BE SHY by on Radio Disney!! Bless ur heart if u do... Bless their heart if u don't! Go now!
Watching 'Blow Out'. Wish I would've sprung for blu-ray.
Simply: yes. If you won't stand up for the serial comma, who will? /sarc
Don't worry bout the weather! We got Hot BBQ/Fried Catfish and the Muddy Udders Tonight. That will Heat Things Up! JC
We have a free shuttle to Dropkick Murphys after game. 2 for 1 drinks before the game. Are you attending?
I can have a vintage-prohibition-speakeasy-jazz club- Halloween themed wedding, right? That totally works...
my pants...
I love you too!
WE R BAGS BAGS R US
thats how we roll nigggaa, we know everything..
it's all good!! watch out... can become addicting...haha
I think everyone should give Jonathan Franzen a break. Hes a decent writer, who cares if he doesn't like Twitter?
Must be tough being a sideline hoe....no playing time
Wine with the Fleishman office, then calling it a day! TGIF
will start investigating; know if they're primarily a specific method?
Breaking: Responding to popular demand Chef Geoff announces opening of new Chef Geoff&#39;s inside an EXISTING Chef Goeff&#39;s
Hi! Its beens so long! I miss you. We need to catch up
if target does not have my book
That's the truth!
Oops! We've been neglecting you Tweeps! Whats' everyone working on these days? Hm??
Hey i am sad never RT`ed me she is my idol luv her:(:
Requesting , , and T.O. time immediately. I cannot wait until June 2.
The Youth Council, and our Collaboration committee, looks forward to working with and youth groups in Mke.
Looking fwd to stopping by tmrw to sign stock of I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL & visiting
Salon Design Tip: Color bounces. try to pick floor and wall colors that are warm. Warm browns, warm grays, clays, terra cottas!
Mitch McConnell today--Republicans will not confirm anyone to protect consumers; they will stand with Wall St. banks. Party of 'no' goes on
Silently Raging In Class....By Myself
All IU has 2 worry about is recent probation/Bobby Knight's shame & sucking for all these years.
My whole sunday is going to be devoted to nothing but homework.
Updated My Profile #swag Im Super Dooper Uuuper tired. #cool going to kick this besh out of my house soon ;D #lol bye
Momma's first mother's day in heaven...celebrating her at
Attn Summer Ball guys! What event is considered the best tournament in ur region - during the month of June?
Either be hot or cold. on or off. those lukewarm people does the most damage bc it catch you off guard
thanks for noticing homie. love you! a miami latina can play a white trash myrtle beach hoe too. see?
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I feel dead. Physically: I smile.
": Bummed "Smash" isn't a Friday Night Lights spin-off." me too!
If you're out of sight therefore you're basically out of reached like a missing chromosome anything that cant penetrate has 2 ricochet
smh lol next is fighting over pub
I have no clue what 20 degrees celsius is. America fails and doesn't use the metric system. What is it in fareinheught?
is not only an embarrassment, she (and her ilk) is downright dangerous.
TRYIN TO GET SOMETHANG GOING WITH THE VIDEOS & INTERVIEWS
Yes please.
Thanks, Allison! Glad you enjoyed it!
Turns out I'm 5th cousin (4 x rmvd) to Robert E. Lee & 3rd cousin (6 x rmvd) to Thos Jefferson.
I refuse to believe that. NO WAY he is dead.
I'm in for coffee if I survive the co. holiday prty
I would be ticked if I got a car that I paid for without even getting to pick out the color.
And some people actually like Romney too and are at his rallies, chanting YES YES YES!
Sen Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) discussing women & the economy v Rep Michele Bachmann (R-MN) on Meet the Press with David Gregory tomorrow.
Smooth all day and all night, too! Half price bottles of vino from open to close, and the Eric Jacobson Quartet at 7:30.
Love this song. Remember it @ Disco!
party in the f of x....
What if the people in the picture change for the better? I just blew your mind.
Jump on our carousel. Your great book deserves a good ride.
Vacations make me horny.
Aaaay I Gotta Rap To You Tomorrow About Grad Night
Livestock is $35 billion industry in
Movie night tonight!
No doubt physicists "observe" tracks on computer screens, but what made those tracks? Particle collision physics of what? Ships passing by..
apparently God knows is going to bust up Pacquiao and is asking him to retire instead of facing him
"sometimes people say my head is too big for my body and I say compared to what"
Shavuoth is next week. If you haven't submitted your 2012 March of the Living application you're late. www.caje-miami.org/mol
what up fam!
Having a gr8 papa day. Hope all dads are enjoying their day as well.
Library will be Closed this Sunday for Network Upgrades. We'll see you on Monday! #SorryHuskies!
"CHANGE always comes bearing GIFTS." ~Price Pritchett... You may have to look past some of the wrapping, but, RECEIVE with arms wide OPEN...
We're out of nutella AND orange juice....I don't know how to function
Yes!!! Please rain all day!!!!
RT To be generous of spirit is to place your trust in the flow of abundance.
Those air Max came out like February been #copped get yo shoe came up hoe
we are having the same issue! Trying to figure it out!
Listening to these people at the homeless shelter gossip about the others while they're asleep. Whadda Friday night!
You this read wrong. :)
I love British people!
If i die before i wake, i pray the lord my soul to take
meeting . Seems awesome! Super thoughtful. Franklyn & Marshall must have vision.
No kidding! Expect some rage tweeting soon. I don't do well when I'm operating in an environment I'm unfamiliar with. :)
Watching the Kim Kardashian wedding special made me physically ill.
Not a mess. Just crazy AF.
“: I wish I had time to get a cupcake from or Ugh!!!”
Time may change me but I can't trace time....
Congrats to on being called up from A today !!
Brewer time!
you have to download it (: it's an app for an itouch or iphone
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA. im dying
doesn't it?!! I just don't feel like going to the store. lol
if you're gonna be a bear, be a grizzly
Forget your password? We have you covered. At sign in, just enter your password and loosing your password or account is a thing of the past.
Yes, I do a lot of commercials. I think the age group is fine. Early 30s for commercials, generally mid-late 20s for film/tv.
Britt! I'm going Sunday with my friends if you wanna come with! (:
The is anyone up twitter makes me weep for the human race
Thank you for adding me. Always a pleasure speaking with you.
The Chipmunks The Movie Soundtrack
all in favor of "Just Friends" booty shorts for Lou and Harry?
Can you say furniture, telephones, collectors items etc available for bidding. We are ready to AUCTION tonight!
the worst part about living in Texas is the big 12 or whatever the hell they call it now
thanks for the s/o
me too. Somke is gonna get this!
Napping c:
Holy fucking nosebleed I NEED THIS GAME NOW!!!
thanks for the RT on the Pinterest post. Have you checked out Juxtapost?
i be the life of the party <3 cant wait till my bigg 18
good, I better be scoring goals like your hitting homeruns!! :) I'm so proud of you!! :)
guess I'm making a trip to VT for stickers.
Tickets are in for the March 10th show, who needs em? $10 for 21+
is this pool party something normal people can go to or just you VIP beautiful people? Also... is there a cover?
wheres that girl version of me at
I don't understand them anyday..and the LibertyUniversity speech should come with maalox....lordy...
it's still sending my phone trippin
Just had a great chat with about reading youth lit.
are the elevators not working again? They worked an hour ago.
Hey lovely!! Happy New Year to you! It's a New Year & that means COCKTAILS! No rush on the editing. Hope you're well too! xo
The policy of being too cautious is the greatest risk of all.
So inspired by at the AdClub CMO breakfast this morning!
Be sure to Vote NO in the referendum to stop the #WisconsinUnion from putting a #GlassBox on the Terrace.
When I Talk To A Girl, Idc About Any Other Dude Trying To Talk To Her, Cause I Know Where I Stand .
i know so many people that go to the same school as you! dont think your off the hook for what you did to me!hunny this is just the begging
Craving hard now.
Muahahahaha almost to cruces. Kevin awaits.
Are u kiddin me! they have a website where u can buy followers...lol isn't that like trying to buy popularity or buying acceptability?
Thank you!
JB when you go in the Italy??
so pumped for tonight at w/ "rockin' with our city like a sold-out show."
Selena Gomez confirmed she'll be working on her fourth studio album later on this year. 'It will be the best one yet."
You just need to write that single “Pour Some Sugar Meat On Me” and the Troub will be blowin’ your phone up.
eating baguette sandwich. feeling like I'm in Oxford. Abilene wind knocks it out of my hand. reality check.
I've been watching talking heads on teevee, determining who is an alternating esotrope or an exotrope. Total nerd, I know ...
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Linked Data: preferred technique for those who know what they're doing
Steve Jobs affected me in many positive ways. Too many good things to list in only 140 characters! :)
shoot, I had my fingers, toes, arms and legs all crossed that I'd win! :)
Going to the concert this June for my bestie's birthday. I can't wait!
oh my gosh. I love Key of Awesome. :D
send us a postcard, we are shipping out the "opportunity kits" mid may. Fit Kits for long and short sleeve being stitched right now.
My pleasure! Looking forward to the soil project.
Congrats to for getting drafted today!
#RIPMCA We can all agree that this is like one of the Beatles passing on right? Un-Fucking-Follow if you disagree.
surprising that they made it that far.we'll win it next year hopefully
wiggle wiggle wiggle!!!!
a friend said he would stop by his son's school on the way home after partying & pick up trash so students will see clean environ
I hope I win lol... I won't though :/
RT :Its not the load that breaks you down its the way you carry it. Capacity is only built when you take on more to become more
yeah. The show's rigged.
thanks love! If you could also tweet a link to the giveaway video, that would help a lot!! :D
RT if you are ready for summer! :) x
Kevorkian is the one that helps you kill yourself, and Kardashian is the one that makes you want to, right?
GOOD MORNING BEAUTIFUL (now can you tell all the stupid people to shut up??)
"bitch it's blow job thirty" great...thanks baby
My party
hopefully your site doesn't crash tomorrow!
I sold 1 of the wrestling games. I can give u the other one for $12
Watching Idol....hmm thos should've ended after Jessica Sanchez
Booboo, you gon' regret this tomorrow. i got you in 1st.
who wanted children, or miscarried or had abortions ... There are mothers who don't know where their children are. There are children ...
You are your own best ally and your instincts are your best tools.
you make my day... Everyday. So hilarious
Oh really dtrix you've never seen such great moves from such young kids... I'm sorry do we not recall ABDC6 and the ICONic Boyz or?
Child-rearing "expert" Bristol Palin says kids do better w/ a mom & dad; More proof hypocritical nut doesn't fall far from the tree.
Your welcome. Aha yes french fry it shall be lol or munchies since he always get lmao
April 2012 Special – Buy 1 Belladerma Beauty Benefits membership, get a second one Free – Perfect Graduation or Mother's Day gift!
Had great first Emperor Concerto rehearsal with today and conductor Concert at #Murphy Saturday night!
You'll soon be able to fly non-stop from PDX to Reagan National in D-C. fills us in on at 6:30pm.
Dear 2nd Amendment fetishists: Today is a proud day for you, no doubt. Using a gun to make a political statement is so effective. Idiots.
Secretary Wilkins - you are a dedicated leader! Thank you!
Planking is so 2011.
your my butterfly sugar baby... Sry had to do it
Of course, there is no mention of the lack of job opportunities for poor #Julia because of U.S. having the world's highest corporate taxes
Yes! D: Just to experience and see the wonderful performers play. The 99' Woodstock was nothing like the 69'.
miss youu too!
Whats for Lunch?
Enjoy, those things are hard to get!
Once again sorry": Oh k. Noprob RT : Sorry I'm fault send :D : what?"
I kept seeing the ads in comics and saw a trailer. Thought Tracy would like it.
Watching South Park with Viggle Tue | 12:01AM | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Eminem? Who wants to see living people after that Tupac shit? Cameos from dead people is the hot shit now.
anytime u fix the biggest ass dinner and everyone decide oh we change our mind lol i say this fuck fam
looking forward to meeting you on the 30th. ATX
4 hours of #Church on CNN & Fox today, Remembering #Whitney We all struggle at times to receive God's grace, some more public than others.
ME BE Helper in your group
Watching We Bought A Zoo :)
Thanksgiving Day Race tomorrow
There is nothing wrong with love its a natural feeling of positive emotion
The BEST thing about Jesus-Burger is that I'll totally be able to get to be the spokesperson because he'll be needing a job!
wanna get paid they say crime pays
Where is the Voter ID I'm a 100% Mail-In Ballot? Your mailing address? Your siniture? The Felony warning for falsifying? WTH!
I hate this
Lmao!! RT : Oh, you want a dude that makes over 100k and is over 6'3 ?! Well, people in hell want ice water..
please follow me? Your amazing!
..hey you
super jealous ur goin to the game by the way...totally not fair
We Found Love is crazy and i love it ! Do you love it ,to ?
Says the violence has touched every district in this city.
Thanks, I thought it was pretty funny when I heard it too. Planning on using it myself.
everything begins with a thought.... cultivate them... write them down.... make a list... and DO..... NO LIMITS
I guess the normal mega millions jackpot isn't enough!
#InstantTurnOn if she rolls up widout even askn u :)
Getting closer to announcing the itinerary for the Irish Ancestry Group Tour.
Me neither. american idol is kind of horrible compared to the other ones. xD
Derby State of mind
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
And the Winterhawks season in ovah
what's good?
When you need juice, you need juice! Thank for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
did I make u giggle? ;)
Well today started off good then got worse, but aye it is what it is! Gonna have to start making this better for Shaquon
Watching a show on broadcast tv - ug. what is this, 1995? What do you mean there's no fast forward?
Watch for bad apples: slackers, jerks and pessimists
I'm feeling pretty good. Hvn a lazy Sunday, which is always nice.
The only thing gettin me out of bed this morning is the fact that I'm graduating next month.
VINNY since Ur on can u plz follow me u inspire my lil 4year old sister and my 6year old bro he started dancing at 5 plz :)
We promise it's tasty ;)
Welcome to Twitter! I checked out your photography site, and it looks really good. Hope everything's going great!
it was a good game except the foul ratio at the end. So it's whatever they won and fought hard so it's not a big deal.
: I thought I was the only one feeling like that!
Thanks for all the new adds, you have been added as well. Hope everyone had a great day today. Time for some reading, and then bed.
We tried, indeed we did!
"At least I don't live with my parents."
Signing an offer letter.
I'm speechless. I'm glad no innocent bystanders were hurt.
- I love this idea. Sometimes the "old" books are forgotten.
THEN I'll listen to all of the songs and it will be amazing. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
hey! Can you let your listeners know we have 100s of new gowns at the Cheltenham Mall in Philly! Thanks for the support!
$50,000 + in lawyer fees........he's guilty and no charges have even been filed yet.
#GreatestFilms Annie Hall, Memento, Citizen Kane, To Kill A Mockingbird, The Godfather, Vertigo. 2001: A Space Odyssey, Some Like It Hot
not playing but he will be there with another hopeful transfer an O. L. who started at md. obrian still in school dude.
ATTENTION WHITE PEOPLE: Rangers Capitals are going to double OT.
Ticketmaster allows you to purchase ticket insurance for $7.
Where is the best place to ride a Jetski in New Jersey?
Love me some Le'Andria and Fantasia!! My God! My God
yeah this is fucked for any franco. it interprets the numbers as numbers :/
your welcome :)
Are you sleeping?" "No... I always get into bed every night and just pretend I'm dead...
the movie??
so is Applebee's, but not nearly as enjoyable.
I'm giving you my heart, just love me in return is all I ask.
You would hate on Flight of the Conchords, you inbred fuck. Can't wait to see you!
A lion does not concern himself with the opinions of a sheep.
Check out our free home safety video targeted toward Moms and their family: www.safemoms.org
Damn whats for breakfast?!
This week's featured vendor is our Homebrew Supply Sponsor, ! RT if you're ready to try their brew!
. Thank you for allowing me to share with the tribe!
Turns out I am pretty awesome with a teleprompter!
Thank you! RT : How awesome. I am definitely inspired. Keep up the good work, y'all!
In my wicked bizarre head, fellow Austinite is my best friend and we drink martinis all day & shame everyone that walks by.
Cant wait for the Show!!!! Hope you are working on a sign or T-shirt to win that guitar!!!
it's perfect! :)
K. Medicine time.
The new album passed the girlfriend test... I am relieved.
has your product ever worked on a Porsche 996?
I love that show, too! I watch it every week with my gram.
YES oh well giant eagle is more dependable
good Easter, ate alot and saw family
Thank you! :)
Very true;) RT : Of course. Wouldn't be Miami without a DJ
obvi none silly!!!!!
It's a damn shame what they did to that dog. RT : Yo rents due mutha fucka!! And don't try that fallin down the stairs shit!!
“: Fuck Off Ma TL Wit All Dis Basketball Talk!” Go To Bed Then
not even @ work yet & already I'm ready to go home
I'm gonna shave off the soul patch! Good news is it can always grow back in a couple of days! :)
all i do is write and record. haha.
they ask me all the time why do black men smoke weed it's the only thing that keeps us sane
Manuel Herrera and Jessica Phillips. Do I win?
The top mobile app operating systems are Android and iOS
hahah oh wow!
tickets to: Spiderman - Turn off the Lights, Fly over the audience, Crash into the Wall - better wear a hard-hat
When did it become acceptable to start making threats via twitter?
would've loved to hear that! Awesome.
Always ready for a #WW ;-)
ugh, twitter is gonna get shot
It is 60 social workers and nurses in this training and only 6 are males.....
I know that it is "closed to the public", but wasn't sure if there were ever special opportunities.
Redesigning your office? A legal-themed chess set would be perfect!!!
Well, I guess since it IS your birthday... *sigh* RT : You going to be the DD tomorrow for my birthday??!? Please? <3
Boy has pburg changed
They better not be done with trades...either that or K-Rod will look funny playing SS
I have been neglecting you, Twitter. You can thank for getting me back into it.
Yeesssssssss!!! knows you're an awesome person to win!
follow me to learn more about the special growth products I have called Complete Length
Giants to the Super Bowl? Will be a great weekend event. Can't wait.
Birthday lunch !! Why? 'cuz it's the best lunch place in town!!
Just started one of my readers with Dragonsong!! Can't tell you how many hours of my life spent on Pern.
“: The Spurs are not calmly beating down the Clippers anymore....they are now beating them down with blunt force lol. #NBA.”
V100 All-Request Cafe at Noon today. Listen to win a nice prize from the Purple Onion or WV Marketplace today!
McDonald's when your drunk is like getting a car on Christmas
Jump starting my personal marketing! Email is so easy...but so passive.
I just said this! Can't complain, though. I'm the only one of the crew who doesn't have to go work in the AM.
Oh...my... It's a good thing the ladies like the double As? ;)
upper respiratory infection here. Went to work for a bit and the dr other than that stuck at home.
Love the fact that is feeling the same way I'm feeling...but I'm the one that did the crying :'-)
at school alone cause i cant find :'(
Thanks for organizing the #ArabTech event & special Thanks to the panelists
No cuts in town? Wtf.....
my favorite person in that show is currently Da. But favorite song is, still is, Lies
school today. only two more classes after this and then im done with the semester!
Sponsorship of Manchester City Football Club will move from Umbro to Nike at the start of the 2013/2014 season.
welcome to Twitter
what the heck does that mean?!
I really dnt knw.. I hope so.
Graduating with a bachelors in criminal justice and just added a #minor in sociology.. Alright alright
thought it would go anywhere.
God I hate the wind! All my cats stuff has been blown to Oz. My house is freezing. Blargh. I'm huddling under the covers.
With all the spider grub outside in yard, why did it squeeze in between screen & window?
Not. Feeling. It.
Ahh a beautifull day for disc golf
AYE Follow Me Please i Did What You Wanted
What a game
Ha, I know. I'm doing a twitlonger about my life as an Arianator :D <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Line from a hs writer w/ : I dream that I can do a kick-flip over seven steps #theworldneeds more
Maybe I was writing a damn #basketballpoem? Now I'm writing a damn
oh crap - a lucie / 'rena semi? Sigh. Lucie may backslide to 3rd grade. Sigh.
Somebody crack a winder in this trailer bathroom I'm about to die!!
Sometimes you have to tell yourself, "I am the best"
ouch. How are your seat neighbors??
The only time I procrastinate is when I have a writing deadline looming... But once I start writing I could go on for days and days...
YES ME TOO!
if its anything like the last time I was gone this long, I'll have furry magnets for a few days
is my favorite golfer coming to #CLASSIC this year? Would love to see you!
Hyped up <3 Powers of Accomplishment IGNITED!! Livin the Attitude~ ;)
Off to check out rings, and then to have Thai food with friends.
Watch this thing on Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the pass could be different"
Jenga&Juice this thursday happy hour at MOE BAR. 5pm. its gonna be raining so get your ass to the bar!
Now that is what I am talking about....You are classic...and a Hawks fan..can you get any better ; )
RT that's the way to go! : Watching classic CM Punk matches. No better way to spend a Sunday.
Same thing happened on my fridg, didn't start a fire though, just wouldn't keep cold. Over $400 to change out a $20 switch.
Love it when does a story on rap.
okay, whatever,, and why do you think i care if its about will or not.
“: If only a machine could combine all four republican candidates together then one giant man could lose to Obama.”
Wow Gunners are falling apart
Hard to complain about great wine, great people & 80's music. Thanks !
what's wrong
It's about time to
2 Ariana I Love U!Tweet Me!I <3 Ur Song Put Ur Hearts Up!U/Me Have Same Tweets I Have 19.5K U Have 19.4K Tweets
o wow lol it's ok
We can all be relieved that POTUS won't be the shunned outcast in the corner at George Clooney's party tomorrow night.
Attn: RT : I think raisins go with just about anything.
fuck haters…just putting it out there
because men work 100% more.
I just couldn't Kat. I turned it off at the beginning. It was giving me a headache.
Thank you! (:
Been writing a couple of articles as I get the chance to. Will be done w/ them soon & will post. Need to add to & edit them a bit. Later!
I can NOT wait to meet my fellow Guidette in Staten Island!! HeeHee! Xo
dear GRRM, 1995 called and would like its web design back
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash with injuries at Hwy. 51 and Gray in the Town of Windsor. SB 51 closed at Vinburn. Use alternate route.
So what you're saying is they are very much like grown men?
Hell yeah. when is school over for you?
kiss my ass
nope! i have no idea what it is about. i guess i live under a rock??
I know. I just thought it was odd xD
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all da mothers out there from UPC! Enjoy ya'll day!!
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -Dale Carnegie
is he packing?
oh hey, you lil baby tweeter
"The solution of the problem of life is seen in the vanishing of this problem."
also to the lady who wanted a longer set: we've got one more song up our sleeves so it will happen.
“: It's still #LakerNation fuck OKC I been there the women are ugly so they could never be winners goodnight!!!”
you moving here? If so, when? I'll be back at CUNY in the end.
Go Eagles!
Thoughts and prayers to Keifer & Shawna of Shawna's dad "Mickey" McIlwain has passed away.
I gotta wake up too a blowjob every morning
I miss my fav sister
Haha its okay I didn't know if it was you until I looked a second time I forgot you died your hair
Thanks for stopping in @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead)
Lawd I'm trying my best to let this couch go but.....
Ok I see ya puttin my life on blast mode on twitter lol
aww that's so cute
Absolutely! Thanks for a sunny greeting and have a great day!
And I mean "believes" her in the sense that he may not have challenged inconsistencies with the evidence KNOWN to exist.
Well whaddya' know---another sale just made my How To Pitch class! Plus, we're building some serious horizontal loyalty.
DealShow is live right now! Go check it out: www.dealshow.com
Y do everyone keep tellin me to whoop my kids???
ridiculous and hilarious! If only they just played their first album and nothing else, this wouldn't have happened.
happy birthday :)))
Put all this together -- and you get the sounds of
Are you hot and sweaty?
And congrats back, We're crossing out fingers for 6!
hey!! it's beeh a while...how have you been?
I can promise it's organic, but I'm not sure about fat free.
your movie is amazing!! <3<3
NOT ALWAYS THERE WEN U CALL BUT I'M ALWAYS I ONTIME. ASHANTI.
he is dreamier
I'm in high school, I think I'm to old for u
Finna lay down & take a nap before heading to Nebraska
I am not going to believe that Junior Seau is dead until national news outlets report it. Haven't seen anything official yet.
I always feel bad when I have to vote for my fellow faculty members to be on committees...
Max, from Orlando-FL God bless you. You have been such a great inspiration for my spiritual life. Hope one day meet you in person
Sun burn on yer back were you cant lay down without hurting <<<<<<
Reggie Evans deserves a bonus man. This freakin guy has been key.
thanks a million man!
I hate that I sleep all day and then get really hungry at night when there's nothing to eat. I just want some jamaican food!
your cut off
That's great that you had such an awesome orgasm, but if you really want to thank me, tell as many people as possible about this. Thanks!
If its made in north carolina, dont buy it!!! Gays have money...lets not send it their way fuck those homo hating dickholes
hey hey! Haven't seen you in forever!
I feel like I'm really being allowed to connect with the characters by watching every mundane, pointless task they have to do.
..The heart already knows What the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart :)
Lik eBush never took a vacation hu?? like 3 years worth of vacation time...when did bush ever lead??
Congrats!! : woot woot! See us at Milwaukee on May 10th at the Harley Museum!
good well I bled orange and black. Getting the old school logo as my first tattoo for my 30th. Keep rockin my dude
How sexy of an upset pick is uconn over Syracuse? I feel like everyone will be calling this one
finally all this brett favre garbage can be put to rest. he is done, now hang em up. we r all sick of your act
Let's play a game called "You know you've got a roommate when..." You NEVER cook, but you're ALWAYS emptying the dishwasher.
Good Luck......remember black men and drugs just don"t go together> haha
Apparently estival & hibernal. Who knew!?
where are you? I'm at a public hearing in Chula Vista?
Me and my moms texts messages <3
happy birthday !(:
LMFAO I love you too babe
#100grand buys a lot of Jetski's ...Wake A Deal Wednesday!
All of our tacos for just $1 each? Yes! Use cardcase to pay! Get the app!
Happy, happy birthday, Trisha!! Hope your day is stinkin' amazing!
Behind every beautiful girl, there is a stupid guy who did her wrong and made her strong
I have five meetings today. Three of them are pre-meeting meetings. Ugh...
We go beat'em by 50!! #HEAT HATERS! #
i officially give up on trying to get your attention its ACTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE
nd I can't STOP thanking u enough 4 lifting me up nd takin time out ur day 2 do so. I appreciate dat A LOT!
Congrats on all of Future Legends success. You guys are doing big things!
Nothing like football and party platters to bring friends together. :)
nm just so bored rite now
I am a Foodie at heart with a focus on #healthyeating. #Savor looks like a can't miss event.
it's not me.
what you doin
Thank you for your RT. We had a blast today with Miss Susan in
At work bored and my eyes hurt really bad. Im not having a good time right now
Welcome David! Thanks for your support! :)
I'm not going to let anyone control my moods anymore...they're not worth it
Happy birthday to my sweet bud
Gays up for execution in Iran? Horrifying. Islamophobic fear-mongering via anti-Sharia Bill in KS? Also bad. Both based in fear of the other
After the #Easter Parade on 5th Ave today, come in and see our exhibition, "It's the Political Economy, Stupid" FREE 10AM - 6PM!
Crazy morning of racing at Great finish
Obstacles are the things we see when we take our eyes off our goals. -Zig Ziglar
happy b-day
Just hired an Account Executive for my company. Growing like crazy!
You should always stop by RT Every time I pass the Southport stop, my brain goes "" and mostly every time I resist
preform in Minnesota on my birthday(:
Tonight's fiddler on the roof show at the anchorages performing arts Center was fantastic.
The Budget Van Lines/Grand Moving, Inc. experience so far has been just short of "call 911" quality.
I honestly can't wait for Miley's episode tonight!
Good morning, all! Happy Wednesday!
Bobby is dead, killed the Leviathan.
Strong winds working against firefighters' containment efforts.
Ideas are boiling. Looks like its time to add the main course!!
For real!! its been a grip! lets kick this week
I like running too much. & I don't get tired quick.
Cool - would love to see your rendition of "Happiness" when you finish!
oh he likes it REAL crisp. <U+E402> Ahahahahaha!
Voting for the More Uncovered album art is now over. We will let you know the winning cover tomorrow!
For #appfriday, I'm giving away 5 promo codes for Builda the Re-Bicycler for iPad. First 5 to get @ me get codes. Have it? Tell a friend!
getting ready for commercial audition tomorrow
Water. Yeah.
The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act would obliterate any semblance of online privacy in the United States.
Omg! Me too! I woke up and was like damn, performin 2day! I acted like he was dwn here or sumthin lol
How is my Academic Profile for College?
Thanks for featuring in the Monthly Noodler! Always happy to whip Noodlers into shape!
At bedtime tonight, there shall be a wild rumpus.
Upshaw: "The wait was a little frustrating at times, but I'm very excited and happy to be chosen in the second round as a Baltimore Raven."
Why? It was meant to be humorous... :)
Landed 2 -4 more tee designs yesterday. Im seeing a trend www.steveknerem.com
Galveston is in the eye of the storm. All is calm - right now. Don't venture outside - the back of eyewall coming in next hour or so.
Bout to spark this bowl up
just wope my son in basketball , he think he got g lol like his auntie b reed
Jamie Alimorad's EP Cornerstone reviewed in the The Noise mag #308 avail throughout Boston & Newbury Comics. Pick up your copy today!
This is the worst feeling ever! /;
Thanks -- am on an email thread discussing XML annotation and someone suggested NLM. First I'd seen it; wondered why not TEI?
A team of highly trained specialists and more hair product than is good for girl.
97X... BAM. The future of rock and roll.
Nashville criminal lawyer blog post . Judge grants gag order in MTSU murder case . ://bit.ly/wo0mJWhttp
ah. Ok. I'll have to look into that
We'll be sharing Guru Guide 3rd edition preview highlights at ILTA INSIGHT next week. Come by stand 35 to find out more.
JUST SAW FIRST FIREFLY OF THE YEAR!!! THERE WERE LIKE 937;729/9/7/ IN A FIELD, THE FIELD WAS BLINGIN'!!!! #I'mFiveRightNow
not much and can u go on touch
Charles Duhigg up now on the Power of Habit
DID YOU ASK ABOUT NEXT WEEK AND DID THE MONEY GO THROUGH OR NOT?!
#Life would be intolerable without #music. And, if i lose my hearing, I will sleep on a speaker and turn up the bass.
Haha, yes. RT : Managing the accounts is not the hard part; it's waiting on answers from other staff.
Don't forget - next drawing for a free race entry will be Sunday, Nov 20th! We hope you'll sign up for a chance to win!
working and trying the whole relationship thing again
I know! This is a fast one. I think mostly because I waited 4 months to tell everyone, lol. ;o)
Am i rude??? Alot ppl say i am
I fear my lifelong goal to be a graphic designer will soon be thwarted by Drawsomething posting all of my recent pieces on Google, forever.
Massage, jacuzzi bubble bath, and wine by the fire. What more could a girl want?
There is news about the "Old Spice Guy" at theentertainmentbucket.com
Everyone Has Been Hacked. Now What? - The attackers chose their moment well. (Kim Zetter/Wired) #m$watch
Librarians need to admit that a LOT of things suck
Just announced! San Francisco musical theatre favorite singer/actor John Cavellini teams up with Tom Shaw Trio at 7pm on 2/25 at Martuni's!
Hearing Protection - Harris Bipod
On my way to the airport O___o the countdown is officially ova
your music video is playing at my mall food court right now...
Lol!!! This old guy at the airport is trying SO hard with his lady on the phone! Lol!!!
Check out tweets.
already have!:)
Hi. How are you doing? What's new? Please hit me back. I may be busy. But I will get with you
Sure thing. We had a good time talking to your class and it was nice to meet you ... I think you asked the most ?s :)
Yo I'm Serious I'm Following The Next 10. As Long As U Ain't That Porno Shit.... Let's Be Real Bro..
Haha okay junior year my locker is gonna be just blown up with one direction shit
Should not have made that move :/
It's go time
Great win for
Neal Nisky and Sully all out. Not good at all. Pens need to dig deep here and maintain their foothold on the 4th seed.
About to hit the road. Playing in Temple, Texas today with and many more!
Cutting investments to kids to "help them w/ debt" is like cutting your nose to spite your face.
Really enjoying without the Joe. is doing a great job, and his guests actually get to speak.
Tried new sushi place for first time with We both really liked Arirang in Bay Ridge and recommend it.
“NarcissTwit” = Someone who absurdly believes all of your tweets are expressly about them.
lmao yeah, I was so #Unwanted, now I get an "I miss you/I love you" text like every other day...wtf is this about lmao
I miss my best friend !! Only 79 DAYS!! :)
My sister is like so annoying
Please join us at 4:30 today when carolers from Park Street School (grades K-6) serenade us with Christmas music. Punch will be served!
Fitness goal deadline is exactly 16 weeks from now. It's like a 112 day adventure.
Especially: that one chick who says you her baby daddy. Lol
meeting at a taking back sunday concert!! In other words meeting your idol totally unexpectedly!
It would be fun!!! Let me know if you need more info!
3 weeks of a lifetime is nothing but it changes your life!
COULD ANYTHING POSSIBLY BE BETTER THAN AN EMPTY NEST/GOLDEN GIRLS CROSSOVER EPISODE?
BRB twitter don't forget to follow me on #Instagram Angelitofrmdabx #Ifollowback and *like pix!!
I hate the Knicks. Wearing my 9's because I want the to sweep
Wow...I just read the story about the fire. You are one in a million! May God bless you! Wish you were the mayor of Detroit :-)
smoking hookah in my back yard all by my fucking lonesome );
Who knew radio Disney actually played current not so kidish songs...thanks Jessie for putting me in a car that ONLY plays am lol
Oh but in case I stand a little chance/ here comes the jackpot question in advance/ what are you doing new years/ new years eve?
Dr. Kreeft is playing himself at chess at the table next to me. Half of his mind is doing what no one else here could
Bed. CCD at 9 AM because where gonna walk around revere? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>Lmao idk but night. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Mid-Afternoon doldrums.
I'm gonna. see you again tomorrow(: <3
is this the right decision? Hope so :/
No marriage
TERRIFYING AND AWESOME.
Yes Kobe Kobe Kobe
I think it's time for that perm, Ross.
Tyler Black pins Necro Butcher after rolling through on a cross body block attempt.
We tried this in Detroit, all the cops moved to an area on the edge of the city. It didn't really help
Spotify, Lion, and Harry Potter oh my!
I swear my phone never gets charged properly.
forever wearing not matching socks from costco
Hi folks. Hope to see you out tonight at Jovita's. Lucky Tomblin Band at 8pm and The VBB at 10pm.
Like Dwayne Wade just said after the win "This is my House" ... Lets Go Miami Heat !!!!!
he just text me saying "I need a hug ;(." I wanna asnwer :(
Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada for the Break That Single show playing the very best of indie music. 11am-1pm PST w/y host DJNateski
Tears are how our heart speaks when our lips cannot describe how much we’ve been hurt.
thank u Jesus...
Pink salts arrived! Tomorrow we'll buy the beef for corning.
*sobs* Why? Why?!! What episode is this?
“: Taken is by far the best movie ever”
Just saw two different kids attached to their parents by a leash in the PHX airport. I thought kid leashes were a joke?
NDC getting those Rogue Green KD's?
What do you do in the medical field? And you will love Zumba, been teaching for over 3 years, met Beto a few times!
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Maxine Waters called it right...the new GOP are demons.
Dear Penny Saver, Stop wasting trees on me. You're just taking up space in my mailbox.
hi Sharon, sent you a reply to your tweet re: #autism via e-mail. Thank you!
I'm such a loser. I'm working right now, when there are hundreds of bars and friends in a 10-block radius. Just not interested though.
good luck in your racquetball match. let us know how you played and if you need any help or advice.
Watching channeling on the F1 grid. Not sure who bounces more.
My former boss in Philly, gd friend, blocker for JimBrown & FritzPollard chairman John Wooden used to say," Sleeping is Overrated".
So sessions hit a three and nothing from ya..iight
I miss the old days when I didn't have to worry about growing up!
and just cooked a delicious dinner yum!
Love the finger puppet cubs :)
Cool so this is Twitter
MT : On CapHill, I reiterated that Rep Ryan's budget draws on flawed theory & balances budget on the backs of America's students.
Lemon Grove Councilmember Mary England signed my Central Comm re-election papers. If ur in the new 79th Assembly District I need ur sig too!
Time for some yoga with ! Namaste
Haha no lie RT : My lil sister trynna follow me on instagram.... I love her but that's heat
Sunny in Seattle and its Friday!! This is real nice.
All day art kinda' day. Teenagers fixing meal now so I can get some work done (wonder who'll clean up kitchen after?). omg
January 3, 1973 - A group led by Mr. George Steinbrenner I buys the Yankees from CBS.
It has been resolved: we intend to cease posting from the group twitter account. Commencing final posts.
The heat are on fire thoooo !
is the best.
This sucks
hate you queen ._. <U+2764>
#IAlwaysWonderIf you smile when you see a text from me, the same way I smile when I see one from you
Most actors learn to cry on cue. I had to fart on cue in a movie once, & they all cried. I'm rather proud of that actually. True story.
Sometimes I realize sitting home alone screaming along to AVPM/S songs is kinda weird, then I get over it.
These airplanes are too loud tho
is Paper an app? Can you send a link? It's very cool!
RT : 96 year anniversary of the Easter Rising. Yeats: "Not night, but death./Was it needless death after all?" (Easter, 1916)
Vick to the rescue!! YES!
im not feeling lucky.
Elsewhere, iPhone is not tied 2 AT&T. T-Mobile (incumbent) in Germany, O2 in UK, etc.
#fridayreads finished Tomorrow River by Kagen -great story & started The Wilding by Percy #fridaylistens finished Passage by Cronin - wow
Shindig will be going down for a bit while we unwrap some new toys. See you soon!
I've decided.. There are no words. Good night world. Tomorrow can't come soon enough..
The awkward moment when you wave at a complete stranger, thinking they are someone else.
. But of course :) I'll just have to wake up a bit earlier
Team USA still holds the Lead at the President's Cup, hope they can bring it home...
Great performance so far tonight. Thanks for joining me !
Client: "How does it feel to always be so happy?" Me: "Great! What's the alternative?" U can't control everything but can control ur mood.
I'm tired of getting my hopes up for things that I know will never happen.
i just realized i had 666 tweets... but not any more because i just tweeted this
Gotta give it to Ryan Hollins he is playing hard...but he's fallen down the past four trips down the floor
haha Nice!!:D
I can have a sleepover tonight
I find it very telling that today's Georgetown, TX Groupon is for a pistol class. Seriously?
whats good new followers, dam its been one hell of a week drama filled but fun. Get money
Awful, but I burst out laughing anyway.
Isn&#39;t Good Boy Floyd Mayweather Great for the game of boxing???
Soccer-cheering for a team you don't like because there is a team you like even less.
based wednesday, get your fucked up white vans on lets do this.
Yo y'all have no idea how much I've been playing Mercy!! Lol
Yeah...I'm an art widow until Dennis's show opens next month. And then I'm an ice fishing widow, & then a pond hockey widow.
Caution! Left brain world wants us to be like them & quit dreaming, To advance & prosper,steadfastly ignore that advice. Marilyn Grey
the only man listening is on another continent, proving my point! Haha
Happy birthday to our former cover guy Sidney Poitier. You are truly a legend!
If my 3.1 seconds in the sack lasted as long as 3.1 seconds at the end of a playoff basketball game I'd be a fucking stud.
really? Oh wow xD
“: you need any more corn hole boards ? I've got a set” Yep. Bring em. And bring Cory too
I dont know whats hotter u or the gun go check out THE EROTIC .com for a chance at 50k
I just don't feel like me tonight....
oops just saw this! My family lives out there & signed up and convinced me. Plus I like traveling for races to make them easier!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 21
Sorry no free beats . But real affordable prices
you with us tonight?
uhh....guess they are engaged again. Love for life back on!
hunger games was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. Better than Harry potter <3
It's sad to say that if he simply used the phrase "boots on the border' more often, his approval ratings would jump 10 points.
Our thoughts go out to all those affected by this terrible disaster.
B.I.G. (Big In God) Springfest is Today!!!! hefner Lake(Star&Stripes Park)...gates open 4:30 event starts a 6p.m. COME HANG WITH US!!! F ...
also why is there Folgers in my cup as I wake?
At the gluten free expo in Chicago! Come see us!
For the day the Prez endorses it, well, you have to pull out the premium gifs.
I do, but I like acting better, more fun...
When are you coming back to or around Clay county or Bradford county!? I really would love to see you AGAIN! <33
good enough for me
#scms12 The inside and outside of software are not congruent
I really dont care if your pissed at me. Its not my problem.
getting fancy for #BJxmas4 and looking forward to some cocktail shrimps.
At the fancy mall.
The person next to me just left if someone is looking for a seat close to the front! I'm by the cameras
Yes I speak Italian, I work in photography around motor sports.
come home so we can go to the country club and drink Perrier and make fun of Danielle!
lol yeah finally
happy birthday!
"Wives may be merry, and yet honest too." -One of my favorite lines. From Shakespeare's Merry Wives of Windsor.
try it now
I'm sorry but the tacos got cold. Didn't realize you were coming late.
"work that ponytail! own that updo!"
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DID OR WHO YOU FUCKED.. I'D GO THROUGH HELL FOR YOU NO MATTER WHAT
No problem, glad you enjoyed the lunch! What did you order with LevelUp? ...The lobster bisque is awesome!
At least he doesn't look like Barney Fife, Pawlenty does!!
26 of 392 remaining after buy-in period...need to find some
3 cars filled with fresh baked goods! The more we get the more we give.
How are you a trail-blazer?
Uploading my work: new #PealeBCLM inventory lists for the 5x7 glass negative portion of the collection.
jus makin sure ya NUT!
I hate when ppl steal my side of the bed.
Is neighborhood updating broken? Mine hasn't updated in at least a week.
Thanks. Just wondering if it would have made a difference and saved costs .Eagle is turning in to a very expensive fire.
Tweet, Tweet, Tweet. Promoting is a good thing. What's the scoop with your movie?
Rut roh - that can't be good. Wonder if you sent it while I was traveling? 4/17-4/25. I'll look in hubs mail pile.
aww thanks! I had a great time!
it feels so nice to hear your voice
"I don't wanna do it with Owchu" well then don't do it with her.
love this! RT: "A hangover suggests a great night, jet lag suggests a great adventure!" ~jda - Get out and eXplore! TTOT :)
Haven't been on in awhile... miss my peeps! Lots of ideas floating around in my mind...
went through my house yesterday and did that. It is fun.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to Mi Fiance and shout out
Is very sad upset angry with herself and another. Crying jags are such fun...
ha ha love that place. Kiss is right around the corner on Columbus. Used to go there all the time
First visit to Matt Court.
One could say that GB is winning against Jean Quan's team. I couldn't resist that one. :)
We are still xfering old users over, if its easier for now make a new account and reupload your content! thanks
Thanks for the Listing!
i am really shocked #OKCTHUNDER hasn't capitalized on the beard by selling them a their arena for fans
Pool, beach or lake?
Henry Winkler ("The Fonz") and Cheyenne Jackson may be starring in a new comedy about the porn industry on Broadway this fall.
I do love it, but you've told that joke before.
Open House at TODAY noon-4; Milwaukee Animal Rescue Center is located inside Southridge Mall!
Yeah, we know $ is tight for all of us, hopefully this a quality NYE option that won't kill your wallet. Tunes will be good!
can u explain the arrow thingys lol
I believe in the infinite evil of AI because Swype has never correctly chosen for or four in a tweet.
omg. someone please record vinnys ustream? I can't watch it.
That sounds like a great teaser for a novel written in 1st person.
just joined that committee last week actually & looking forward to working with Natalie! :-)
I wish you'd reply to me. I love you so much. It's literally insane.
according to I'm an awesome tweeter
During public comment, deputy city attorney asks not to be furloughed ... points out cops and criminals aren't furloughed.
Will be reading books by (R Isleib) 10 new books!
#Imagine Justin buys a puppy u:aw, whos that for? J:my girlfriend u: oh, I bet she'll likee it j:I know she will! ;) he hands u it u: :)
Take that, HBO!
Nap time!
wishing U the Best at the Charleston tourney :)! ~ we luv #Tennis! & we luv our Vania :)!
Fighting hobos in the street
We are looking forward to having you here, Howard.
Someone send me some Girl Scout cookies. Thanks!
Think I finally just found the two majors I will decide between
So many people online....xD
im not phase bye how ur momma raised u
sat may 19th.
it's 25 but I celebrate from 20 to 25. Hehe! Ok'
wait you aren't married or pregnant? no.way.
Oh.. Mah..God, Becky, look at her butt.
I like talking on the phone better too.
Everything, is said for a reason right?
(2) have to go searching for an ATM, withdrawal large amounts, and then go and find somewhere to break your bill just to ride the
just saw a woman running on her toes. Her heels never touched the floor. You would have gone mental
- Love and connection. The only things that matter.
Working out Keeping up with my Sexiness Listen to Yall need to do the same www.whoistrillogy.com
Was your Dad upset when his 30 year old drumsticks broke?
Being sick sucks more than a 1$ prostitute
going great! Don't want it to end cuz I'm gonna have to #paythetaxman too.
Thanks! Sorry I guess we're getting food right now... We need to get over to your place ASAP! Ha
did you take albas shift?
staying under the radar for a bit.. Lol
I love food. dont know what i'd do without it.
well im dead then
The devil will do anything to get you off the wrong track I see it for what it is....
The secret is to be yourself. <3
shipping and asking if she shipped gaylor, her and garrett nickelsen
Loving that I had an opportunity to personally thank & toast (twice) Bruce Sagan for his outstanding support for the arts sector in
he'll get one inning then Bard
Who remembers those little red and yellow toddler cars that you had to Flinstone style drive?..
God won't plant fruit in a garden of weeds. Weeds will alway choke the fruit out. Get the weeds out of your ministry & out of ur life.
Overheard at lunch: "My kid was disappointed that he couldn't come with me to Radiohead because he's three."
& would make such a cute couple!!!
DAMN THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT!!!
I'm just saying u can do better... tell me have u heard that lately? -Drake
I'll be working at the Bay View and Whitefish Bay stores this week... fun days ahead!
Hey shit bags, we're playing in Pittsburgh at The Smiling Moose tonight (3/6)! Be sure to come down and get wild with us!
40404 place your christmas order platters for the office or next family event: cupcakes, cakes, cakepops and cookiees!!!
. total bulls-eye...really.
About to work out
is that tonight or tomorrow?
What would happen if dimensions crossed barriers? Metal lighted birds appeared to Lewis and Clark? Paved roads appear to sacajawea?
working hard, hardly working... Have a sazerac for me...
don't forget to follow me back!
I'm doing good. Busy with life guard training, about to start summer classes, just being busy. How are you, bebe?
((( Like FREE ?, Sell any item free,, www.just-plug-in.com )))
NEW STUFF AT HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET!!! Go check it out! New Pic of the Day, NEW LAY OUT!!!, New Music Video of the Day!!!
... Someday, perhaps ;)
Did you have a good Thanksgiving? Score any killer deals shopping?
Nice meeting you ! Thanks for following!
lol I'm so late on this, but yeah! ;) haha!
Jeez the Independent Film Festival of Boston has the most annoying site ever! Wondering if they actually want people to buy tickets or not..
one bite at a time
always! Too much sometimes.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.-- Margaret Fuller
would love to connect about your great events in the
Seeking # Jr .NET Dev with C#, .ASP, SQL # experience. Please contact
It was an infamous prosecution, grossly infamous. but not theless likely to succeed on that account
You're such and Inge hater!!! #Sarcasm When you are paid 5.5 million.. you are supposed to hit KC pitching.
- Unlike you, Obama's support of marriage equality was simply a campaign strategy to try and acquire the vote of the youth.
United in EPL. Houston Dynamo and Portland Timbers on this side of the Atlantic.
With charity there can be no conditions attached to it. Helping a friend and expecting the same in return is not charity (Crash Course)
Tired of you ...
Wow! The are puttin' a hurting on the #Kings even without Monta Ellis! The #Warriors look energized! Who are these guys?
makes 2 of us xD P.L.U.R.<3
Sometimes we are only giving a few minutes to be with the one we love and spend thousands of hours thinking about them.
don't get me wrong I hate UK with a passion. I just hate IU more lol. I saw uk play in person last weekend. It was crazy good
Pretty Little Liars<3
Taking a coffee break & going back in! Onward!
idk.u wanna go outskies and paint the town and by that i mean act like weirdos in a public place???
boo hoo sad story, new American fad story.
i just feel like bummin at the house in PJs (:
: mattress fundraiser? What ever happened to good old fashioned candy? WEIRD
I love food <3
Call Steve Bliss today at 858-278-2800 for your Free Consultation. San Diego Bankruptcy | Estate Planning Attorney | Credit Repair. We care.
Only counts if unattributed!
Feel free to tweet me as much as you want now, I'm not gonna reply because this argument was dead hours ago. Bye now.
People we can't grow with just #followback. Please retweet us and please ask your followers to follow us.Thanks. - Mature & Childish
Yep! 's made quite a huge leap in the past few years!
ah! That's almost as bad as Muncie not having chipotle or panda express :(
Chipotle has to have the longest lines in Madison
is at home, cleaning and unpacking.
that was gross
Butterflies just mean you are engaged in your activity and care about what you're doing. All is as it should be.
holy shit i'm in korea.
I just woke up from my nap imy & Chase
I have finally reached my breaking point! The air conditioner is on and I am loving it.
Gotta deal with a lot of trippy people when selling cars on Craigslist. Some pretty stange folks texing me late at night.
typical rich girl tweet
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH <U+2665> HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 7
#applestudios #wppi12 best tip - set up your photography biz as an LLC
Thank you!! I appreciate that and the RT. How are you these days? Happy #WW!
Walked Summer... I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
love how informed you keep us here in the valley on the startups of the day. We're in the midst of something very cool right now
Thanks for letting me be your plus one last night at #SDMNOmothersday! Had a great time!!!
just found your side gig. Congrats! Coincidently I tried a new drink imported from Dublin tonight. Will share...
Saw my first Tesla Roadster. Wondering what good a car that when driven at a track would only last an hour or so? Lotus Elise please.
You totally rock and I'm so happy to have you on the team! Can't do this without you!
#youknowyouwakeupearlywhen you're 20 min early for class :|
For single depth relations you're ok. But what happens when THOSE objects have relations / collections? Can be a slippery slope
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: BoHo - American (live updates)
Guilty - EEK! RT : It may be better if you spent less time pinning fitness pics on Pinterest and actually worked out.
Fantastic workshop by Ginny Redish on writing for the web. Bummed they don't have her books for sale here though!
doesn't even know how SICK it's gonna be Come drink, mingle, and get a postcard for a KILLER HEADSHOT DEAL!
didn't they do this last summer?
Makin Some Verses to These Songs, Studio Saturday, My Week is Planned Out
yay!!! That's a positive!
tomorrow will be great!
Can't sleep! Wish I didn't have to wake up super early :-/
I managed to get the groceries into the house but I think I'm done now. Glad I didn't buy anything frozen.
I think I found it. On the page where everything is pushed to the right, the div id "content" has the right padding set to 150px
This tweet is for UK People, what stamp would i need for an envelope being mailed from England to the USA? I'm trying to buy stamps.
Envying stars lol do you.
no problem
so great to see you today! Thanks for coming to Very happy to to have my copy, too.
Looking for guest bloggers! Let me know if you're interested! :)
follow these Atlanta Djs
Walk up to a mofo nd say I lik nd I want ya We can du dis da easy way or da hard way
Breezy Cool Morning in #NYC, but the light is LUMINOUS!!! Good Morning!!
It def need to happen soon
I couldn't be awesome forever... Sorry work :(
The Game of Propaganda - The RR
“: No it's not..” well good, cause I make alot of music especially for y'all.
economics makes no sense to me =[
It was a pleasure to host with you ! Thanks to for having us!
It's humid and rainy? (I'm about to leave the office, haven't been outside for a while.)
I just emailed you about this but I don't know if the address I had was viable
Thanks for the kind words and beautiful pics of our campus!
Sanchez sounds like a grown up Jake in LA.
Boys are so emotionally weak and fragile. If you have to prove how much you don't care, you're clearly overcompensating.
Futbol Club Barcelona!
Planning on having the deck open tomorrow!
love ya to woman!!!
Good stuff dont come easily
Fight with everything you have through the storm. And God will make a way for your destiny. Love all of you.
there is this guy that looks like you in my Psych class!
David copper field ass niggas
Indonesia? Seriously?
Taylor Is Our Song is the cutest trend, aw
Brooklyn Craigslist apartment ad description: "wooded floors." Like a forest?
...their minds are like one-lane roads—they work just fine until somebody approaches from the opposite direction. Tenzing Norbu
Yep that's him! I always watch cause it's my favorite, but now i have double incentive to watch haha
Thanks gorgeous!!!
...I will get her for an in depth discussion watch me ...on a
i just might:) how many do you need?
Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job. — Franklin P. Jones
thanks for the follow!...snort
Looking to buy a new Hawaiian shirt!! Something a little bright and loud!!!!!
so glad the thrashers won for its first game of the season with the capatals,best tough game yet, 4 to 2, WE WON
Only on Ticketmaster does a $22 ticket suddenly turn into $36.30 :/
We try to ask ourselves how we would want our pet treated.
want us to list your brand? please email us at
wow you said you were going to sleep
yea that trip will kill ya
Aah! Hugs to all of them! Happy Easter to you guys!
Both teams continue to brawl throughout the arena until security manages to subdue all four men.
For those golfers out there, you should check out Chevy Chase Golf Club in Wheeling, IL. Had a fantastic round there yesterday.
dear taylor swift i am inlove with you hahah you dont understand ive seen you multiple times and i love you a lot! <3-dave
about two hours to get to my hotel xD
True That!
Well that could work too :) Santa Barbara?
"As the suffumigations of the oppressed stomach, surge vp and cause the head-ac..." Dammit, Thomas. Give a guilty girl a break.
How you gonna say you're attending RTB but you have no money ? Lol
I'm alright with that deal.
Student in my class this morning in a Yale sweatshirt. New Haven's my home town. I miss it. Haven't been back in a long long time.
I hope this storm ends soon.
Ortiz Middle School Marching Baand-Houston Directed By Roderick Kennedy Named Honor Band For The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston
I wish I could tell you. They haven't decided to get extras.
Hello Everyone, How is everyone doing tonight or day?
Hey can I get a WOOF over here? Show some love!
In New York. Filming for Dr. Oz
haha yep, 2nd july like a month earlier than planned <3 so excited now but at the same time really nervous! :P
Dear HR peeps: when the answer to an application inquiry is "You don't exist to me and let's keep it that way," just say so.
Putting everything in God's hands.
Work > Eat > Work > Gym > Eat > Bus > Skeeball > Cab > Sleep
Uhh drivers Ed test today I'm scared
J-lo cant even pick the right man how she gone pick the right winner. LOL
Since it's National Human Trafficking Awareness Day consider participating in one of trips to end modern day slavery
welcome . feel free to contribute to our previous tweets :D
#BeliebersAnd1DAreCool um okay who ever created this you cool...haha ooh i tried to say that w a straight face but I laughed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Jamming to call me maybe in first period >
when you get older alot of these HOLIDAYS dont have meaning anymore....
I have never been as disappointed with the MKE Co Board as I am now. Not even during the Walker years have they failed the people this badly
glad to see you're on Twitter! Are you going to Congress?
lmao or u can just make the sounds under the helmet ha ha ha
nope, but is. I am on the ebooks panel. We're doing a non-fiction shout & share type panel at ALA, though.
awesome FOLLOW ME hahah
Steve Moore is killin' it tonight! Good job #32!
what did you end up getting?
We have the same last name, friends?
followback!!!,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
Okay Chili!
I mean Gore, Jacobs, Crabtree, Manningham, Moss, Ginn, Vernon. Plus they drafted Jenkins and LaMichael James? They're gonna be crazy good.
Lead me not into temptation. I can find the way myself.
Feeling great after a tough bench day and a long night's sleep.
When in doubt, watch Scream.
Got a bit of a heavy heart today knowing that wont be there when I get home tonight..
fascinating that this idea takes you in a Marxian direction, which I don't think was Morgan's intention
how has drabek looked
save me one... 60 more days to go!
Bad call to pull
Your requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdrive at 5 w/ Helen Powers. 978 1023 or
NEW XBOX LIVE ACCOUNT STARTED TODAY ! GAMER TAG: CED NASH
good grades, enough sleep, a social life. You can only have 2. welcome to college
Awesome. There were mixed reviews from the panel crowd about their own departments. Glad to see this is less of a debate in places!
can someone please help some followers? PLEASE. just one shoutout will help
Just woke up. Good afternoon world.
To mistake a subjective view for the objective view is unproductive
i dont know
So Ron Artest's name is now officially "Metta World Peace." Contest: What should David Stern's new name be? I'll buy drinks for best idea.
« « #EverydayIThinkAbout how good God has been to me»»
Shake it for the birds and the bees (and the cats for )
Wow, I think I just had my first passive aggressive blog post written about me!
of course! ill take a pretty pic just for you lol...if you ever make it out to the east coast ill make you one:]
Organizational Readiness Checklist: category, task, due date, % complete, date complete, Accountable members, Responsible depts
oh yea lol. Good times!!!
Good but when i got home and seen you didnt follow me it turned out bad :(
MARA!!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY HUNNY! I LOVE YOU! HOPE YOU ENJOY! & DNT GET TOO DRUNK!
#EarthFair San Diego is So cool! Thanks San Diego & all our awesome volunteers
Hitting Up Starbucks With , Anyone Wanna Join? :)
C'mon Harry loves ya. I just want a follow back………and a chance to get him to notice ne……………
Nap. Then Bryant Lake Bowl with the Writer's Workshop at 7:30. You're invited!
love the #moo trending topic!!
r u at the game?! So jealous! Would love to be watching Andy's first game back
Made it to Alamogordo, NM last night. At least it's sunny...
My first reaction reading this was "huh?", until I saw your response. #grammarisimportant. I think it's meant as an insult..
You've graduated & you still hanging out with high school seniors?
the new dirty birds shirts were made in egypt. maybe they were just mad pissed about the design?
Real drinkers only mix whiskey with emotions.
And yet, having now seen Green Lantern, I can safely say that nothing in it is nearly as dumb as the "adamantium bullet"
just think about it
Most SM staff museums are also doing traditional digi tasks. So, if they are in SM, what are they not doing anymore?
Thanks to for the great snap-shots at #TheRockChurch session. BW and gal-pal - best PR Agency in SD - CIM, Inc
Hate to sound my age but Forever 21 stores scare the bejesus out of me.
": Saw & &A tonight. That shit made my night. I love & respect those 2 women so much.." <3 <3 <3
Phone lines are open - 317-736-0950 - call in and share your thoughts about the past week.
follow me and i'll follow you! cause i use twitter this much! (insert number here ranging from 1 to 99999999999[twitter count max reached]
It's pretty cool that is following me on Instagram now. I think they are hoping for #bathtweet photos. LOL
Having moves like Jagger!
I wanna make love in her parents bed :)
#RejectedPickupLines "If you were a transformer, you'd be Optimus FINE!"
Tenn makes $$ playing UK in FB? No way. They're forced b/c of conf, they'd do same thing we're doing.
Wave game tonight, Packer game Sunday. Enough said about my weekend
this makes me happy. #MCBW RT @ looking forward to hitting madison tomorrow with a grip fulla weird beer.
Thanks to all of the future scientists, engineers & colleagues! You were great!
The best relationship is when yu can be Lovers an Best Friends at the same time
Now I remember why I don't do chains. Potential for ambiguity is high even with data that should disambiguate
I've known it from the moment that we met!...theres no doubt in my mind where you belong
4 her needs...better test if possible. Women do not have Y chromosomes. Our Autosomal DNA test = total analysis all lines
thanks man
Sorry man I couldnt resist. You made it to easy. Ill chill now I know how it is when your team is losing. I grad from IU
Contest is officially closed...Thanks to all that tweeted us! Stay tuned to see who won....
"you so skinny, yo nipples touch" - rotfl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Alaska was a bit of a surprise!
RT First pregame practice of the year!!!! Here we go Hop!
HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
oh beehive.
So yeah, I LOVE the mud!
“: Gunman reportedly wearing body armor kills at least 4 in Arizona, police say - ”BAD SAD STORY
I had a great day, until I got home -_-...
Last Monday classes of the semester for me! #Hyped!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> idk about that one <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
what a very up n down twisting turning ep last night, wow!
Such a darn flirt!!! Gosh its killing me
:) RT : Just spotted an interactive ad on Nice!
good music
My shoes are ruined.
Very true! Had to email you his thoughts!
yea shoot em .
That smell. A kind of smelly smell. The smelly smell that smells...smelly
Today's Family Fun is INDOORS in #BkSq 1st Floor w/ Jr! Free event for ALL Ages w/ bar 21+ to benefit !
You have forced me to act on this one very important detail.
oh i see now..
Baltimore Family Battles Cancer & Poverty wp.me/p17ctE-7z #BGE #Baltimore #Poverty #Cancer #Family by:
I love City but they have got to start playing smarter Football
Thinking about changing our image and name....what do you think? Fresh start sounds nice
MT First day today - Baird's Business Solutions Conference in Boston. Follow #RWBBizSolutions hashtag for conference coverage.
I'm about to jump off the Brewz Cruise.
Missed ya tonight!
please DM us thanks
Ha! That hotel instagram was ridiculously funny. Where is that?
If only. Prior engagements. Are you going?
oh my! What's the problem hun?
I feel like Ryan braun is tom cruise in minority report.
This is not acceptable. You broke mah hart. *tear
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence
If #Santorum doesn't think it's important to protect the Earth, Newt will be more than happy to rent him space on the moon.
RT : Teachers looking for a real-world news literacy activity will be interested in options available through Truth Squad....
Had a great time thinking things through with you the last few days, Rusty. Thanks!
this summer. We WILL do something.
Community Links is looking for sales People, If interested email us @
Your no longer a part of my life or my music don't flatter yourself
do u wanna follow me?:)
Must remember, despite all frustration, to not eat the marshmallow.
Awww <3 to you too girl!
You bet!
tonight you should follow me!
My friend is such a great guy but the kind of men he is attracted to... I better write about this.
it is a bit much but once in a while I think I deserve it.
lol I'm sorry I was being a bitch to you.
Im doing ok just watch the game
Hello Ladies! Hope all is well
This is #HARD!!
I totally take back all those times I didn't want to nap when I was younger.
the great thing about sports is u can always prove doubters wrong next year. Keep your head up and keep moving forward
That awkward moment when the rapper in Cher Lloyd's music video is 7...
Well hello I'm now following you cause said for me to. Anyway how are the traveling accommodations are they 1st class
So far Hugo has won 4 out of 6
hey sexy lmao
Enjoying a Leffe blonde.
Note to self, if brakes feel like they are going out they probably are
BELOW THE BRIM is looking to set up a headquarters in Columbus... Short North, Downtown...?? Weighing all options.
can't wait to hear and see pics!
Poster is up! Come talk about porn with me.
c'mon what did I do? LOL
GoodOldTimes when every girl had cooties
done..followed :-)
#iftheworldendsonsaturday I'm starting a support group for all rapture survivers.
Just gonna start keeping my ideas and comments to myself... I don't want you to think I'm too cool for you or better than you.
Bitch! I told you I needed to talk to you.
I totally agree , I love poms they're adorable . I think Husky's and Wolves are just beautiful & I don't like touch animals
Watching Bridget Jones for the 30th time, and face it, girls -- when life *seems* bleak, just watch this thing & you'll snap out of it.
Sunday, you are cloudy and cool.........I still love you.
keep up the good work
#Fortune500 Searching for PLANT MANAGER candidates in Illinois contact
Come join me, I setup a meeting on GoGrabLunch.com at Sawmill Lounge, Sherwood Park AB
Performing at Strawberry Moon Martini bar Wauconda with guitarist Andy Pratt May 12 6-9pm. Crazy good martinis.
good seeing u tonight! When u DJing next so I can show love?
I'm alittle over it!!! Ive been waiting waaaayyyyy too long for that video smh....
my friend has this gymclass heros bag and it reminded me of you lol. Btw I hope I see you!
Up bright and early. All emails returned.
When Kanye tweets, the Internet explodes
1 A, 2 B's and 1 C to finish off my last semester here at LSU!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
The Tables have Turned And I’ve Finally Learned That this is Makin Up for Every Day I was Gone
Can you be more specific? What song will fit after Zappa/Peaches? (I'm lukewarm on BR)
Game over! Spurs win!!!!
Please say he will be okay... he is to youmg to die..
So I want to make a page that is a Browns player, because almost all of my followers are Cleveland fans..
Join with us as we continue to pray for families across the nation who have been devastated by the recent natural disasters.
-- One of the best I have had (and I've had a lot) is The Moustache Ride Red!
I'll say team Chuck with all the love he gave UK last year.
Follow along w/ #philanthropyweek RT : Often 1 opportunity opens the door & propels a family out of poverty.
#Dateline is so fascinating tonight!
Exactly, that was my thought. No offer, so now deal with it... oh, the little Mets.
Love it. Residuals! RT : American Pie 2 is trending right now. Can only be bc of one man
I'm so happy to learn that MLB has rejected the Dodgers' TV deal with Fox. This should be the final nail in the coffin for those bastards!!
My first day was ok didn't get lost have ok teachers and had fun seeing friends
Uploaded a couple new jams to my site (garettheller.com).
i think i kinda judge people by their cars...which is silly, seeing as i don't even drive, so...
The most effective career plan is always written in pencil.
My colleagues have but they don't have access to her driver's license; police do.
DEADLINE EXTENDED: Capital Area Asset Builders is looking for a new EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR. It could be you! Apply for this job now with cove…
This Nigga Tony Parker Be Ballin.
How so? I talked to u yesterday :)-- RT : so i missed talking to fans :( how sad
Excited for in Milwaukee! Wife is on call and can't come... Will need a date :-)
Yayayay!!!!!!!!! My Bubs is coming to NYC! I haven't seen him since Xmas! Cant wait
U2's 'The Joshua Tree' - can't believe it's been 25 years.
what's wrong with the washer? has water in it and won't drain?
Getting clothes, food & toiletries to those in need.
CABQ terminates contract with independent hearing officer who ordered APD reinstate police officer Russell Perea.
#Jing is a nice Windows alternative to
Txt me asap :O
“: Sitting on a stash of New Glarus....” // Two things I am: Swiss and Wisconsinite.
National MS Fundraiser last night entertainers M. Bolton, the Canadian Tenors, B. Allen. Much love 2 B. Allen hosting the event 4 18yrs
Congrats and the rest of the team. Great job, the 4 years of hard work certainly paid off!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 34
I can do this!! I will finish my bibliography and have my album ready by the time I have to go to school! #peptalk #moralbooster I can do it
Despite having the means, he lived his life in extreme poverty out of concern for the feelings of the poor villagers.
Any ideas for DiY weapons that we can make?
Well I won't do it on purpose but I just need to succeed my exams and that means studying loads and no twitter.. :/ <U+2665>
She likes you, You like her. What the fuck are you waiting for? She might be THE ONE. Are you really gunna let her get away?
I don't know what to wear tomorrow :(
IT WAS A GREAT NIGHT
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Paul Mecurio
>:o) Another beautiful day at the . Love it over there!
well damn, i best get my ass into gear for this niche in the market ;) hehe
excited that I now have access to LibGuides!
GOOGLE US AND LIKE OUR FACEBOOK PAGE SEARCH BLOCK STARZ ENTERTAINMENT
Of all things. Romney telling those people the cookies looked like they came from 7/11. "You didn't make those cookies" What an ass.
Thanks for stopping in today, David! We hope you enjoy your visit to the -- we know we always love it!
Lmaoooo RT : “ im sure zeta love me btw”nope. They are going to assassinate you and curve their symbols in your chest LOL
do u deliver to the USA? If so, is it free delivery? 3abele 2ekol 3endkon bas chway b3id!
RT reminder - come see our bootiful demos and eat dimsum, drink beer, drink wine! 5404 Wisconsin 7th fl park on p3 p4
!!! RT “ I hate when people dont text me back that shit is annoying but its soo cool”
hm. I will look into it. I've just gotten up and running with , however. Thanks!
Thank you!
RT : Keep videos short, timely, relatable and realistic. DO NOT think of it as an ad. Remember to experiment.
<U+FFFD> You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. <U+FFFD> Wayne W. Dyer
We gon dedicate this 'townWayne show 2 everybody that we loss 2 The struggle
Too late 4 for me; Hopefully not 4 others! RT Parenting: Back to School w/o blowing your budget - 6abc.com bit.ly/qH68sk
what'd she say?
Patrick Is My Twin(: <333333
You Are So Beautiful <U+2665>
Chips and salsa for lunch. I'm so healthy.
Yes unprofessional pictures are better because we get to see you in your most natural state!
Together we make stars , we are truly fly...
Have an interest in sponsoring a pro golfer? Contact us via DM.
Loving the storytelling NBC is doing, making #KYDerby138 interesting for mainstream viewers.
If the Orioles win today, it means they hate school kids.
We're awfully glad to have them
true but it is the majority talking rubbish
I'm so excited to hear an update! I have no doubt you'll do great things ...again! :)
Assassins Creed Revelations is my favorite of all the Assassin Creed games.
- I know, right? I'm so jealous. Some of my favorite people all in one room!
Probably because the Tigers already had one of the best, if not the best offensive first basemen in the league.
your not just procrastinating are you? ;)
so awesome!!
Realized I still have a full week of classes and meetings next week before finals, so won't be able to attend. Next year!
Maybe I'll do a light few miles on the treadmill later. Do you workout when you have a cold and are congested?
fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. ~ Dale Carnegie
Not sure how Sean Payton can win an appeal when he's appealing to Goodell. Might as well say "c'mon man, cut me some slack"
RT : #CrashCourse the Music Picture Coming Soon. Shotout to !
Listening to some great classical rock pieces. In love!
Yes, I still make wishes by blowing on dandelions... So what?
is a proud supporter of the United Nations 2012 International Year of Sustainable Energy for All
I am officially planning my new york trip for next week (20th-24th) any recs would be great, we're mostly veggie/vegan
me too... Movie night!
: like 4, it was tied going in to the fourth quarter!
If comcast says "we'll be out between 10 and 6" , can I say "I'll pay my bill between now and sometime soon"?
90s in Boston, wicked wind in Wi, snow in Mn? What?
correction: faithful animal/yeti -- like in Harry and the Hendersons.
I love it here! Only been about a year but its pretty great!
how are you? (:
I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it
OMG!! You are so hott :) ijs.
Hey , you can download our tracks on our Facebook or Reverbnation for frizzle free frizzle! Thanks!
#CharlotteBruse Ohh How I Love That Brand ! :)
At steak and shake with my girll!
Boyd Martin was AMAZING. So glad he's in the lead! Remington is so awesome.
For no good reason tonight, being that it's my night off.
Enjoying the morning storm with the little one and the dogs while mom is running errands.
why did you run away bb and i best be invited to your graduation....
Money the Fame :D
Productive morning so far.. Today consists of Work, practice, work.
hay loser call me I'm on way to Houston I wanna see ya slut
Spots open 8/2, e-mail & we'll send you a reminder! Follow for more updates!
Trianon douche bags are already out at the pool. Way too early in the season for this!
Morning Rockstars! > Kind words are the music of the world. - F. W. Faber
Penske Trucks thanks for your good price on a rental.
thanks for the verification info - i'll cross my fingers
thanks! Btw your presentation = absolute highlight. Loved.
:: Coming up in Sound Off: Should people with criminal records drive school buses? Join us and on Live
THANKYOU NOTE! ThankyouDear Lord, For crediting 24 more hours i.e 1440 minutes86,400 precious seconds today to give me chances of a lifetime
LIKE on FB for your chance to win tickets!
Monday Night Snack after 10pm {Shrimp Fritters, Black Garlic Aioli}
Well, I guess there is always PJ40? Or I can buy the #PJ20 video.
Im definitely going to come for an appointment ASAP :-)
I'll send it ask over to you from my laptop later!
Tell us how you are staying cool and safe during this lingering heatwave.
Hey guess what? you're perfect
Busy Day of #Meetings, Meetings, Meetings!
on my way to visalia with my boys o comedy to make the funny...hide your sheep visalia
Don't even want to text #oomf any more..... Ever.
take it to the head new classic fire!!
Got turned up!
You never had the rights meds, then. 'Cause there's magic there as well!
Ima spit with heat until I get my credit, I'm a verbal martial artist like I'm signed to shady records.
Keeping it classy at Fireside
I miss the #Odyssey already.
how did you get your presentation to sync from ipad to computer during norms retreat? i thought that was very cool!
There's been a lot of talk of footnotes among #twitterstorians lately. Am I the only one who enjoys reading them?
Caps with sound on now!
Remember the three R's: Respect for self; Respect for others; and Responsibility for all your actions
well… I'll send u a message
I just might my left calf is killing me.
"So are you the only white girl in San Diego?" "Uhm..Pretty much."
Few reactions to the fish-oil samples. One: "It tastes like pineapple." Another person asked for seconds (!)
My lips are chapped and until I buy Chapstick I'm not making the "M", "B", or "P" sounds- because they make the situation feel a lot worse.
I like walking in the rain but after i feel nasty cause i'm all wet.
well not yet, but the idea of it alone is quite exciting... Whom is this lovely mum of yours?
Yeah wanna of my videos is on Beta cuz it was submitted to networks for airplay.
still shows shipping soon. I've read you can order it the night B4 and it always arrives on release day. So i still think i'm ok.
The US Coastguard is trying to help four crew members who were hurt when a large wave crashed onto..
what are you doing this weekend? I'm in town let's hang out.
missing you, lady!
Teens, come get your Game On at the library with Xbox Kinect today at 4pm
I was with your boyfriend yesterday. He says 'Hello'
Loved the Bollywood scene tonite on
if you become friends with Mila, hook a brother up. :-P
hahaha literally loling you're too funny
It really is. I'm just like wow, that's all that find me attractive. So depressing...
Now that I can agree with.
Why do people find the need to wear shorts when it's 50 special giant fat girls!
- Where are you going? I'm starting in USC's this fall!
Thanks to for their submissions today! Makes us incredibly happy. :)
"Everything I'm sayin I'm super saiyan like Goku" What a beast!
Thanks for the love and support :) We'll have a very new version of Words Well Chosen up on Youtube very soon!!
I am so frustrated
There sort of doing the whole hound thing like it's the Loch Ness monster. Okay. I'll bite. (I still hate this story though)
“: I hate when people are unprepared to win! Biggest night in Hollywood-if you're nominated, write an acceptance speech!”
Need to tweet more often. Reading new book and loving it.
worthy for sure!!
This is my point: megachurch pastors would rather tickle your ears with rock music and famous guest speakers than preach the truth. Payday!!
Tokyo, steak n shrimp
If Google can't find the answer, then it's not a question.
definitely my favorite line..but I'm a Whovian n00b.
but you laughing though? #MamaIsa lol
RT 20 more views until my next cover video!! #GoWatch --->ttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DyqRpnYsyg&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Good morning! Even though it's cloudy and gross it still feels like its going to be a beautiful day. :)
I love my 6 pack so much that I protect it with fat ;D
hacked and fixed... And people are saying bad things... Lol
My 5-year-old just informed me that when she grows up she's going to be "like a half-vegetarian" who eats no meat except for bacon.
Whose DropBox folder?
myTab founder is having a Cinco De Mayo party tonight. We've an Angry Bird pinata called Pedro. You like that name?
Cool Idea! Bucky grads in ag! : #SO to people reading my messages on the sidewalk about
All Seeing!!!
Alright so I havnt been paying attention to the Heat games and I don't understand why they are doing this foolishness -_-
ah yes. couldn't track that down on slow hotel wifi. I'm looking forward to reading the paper
This nigga tried to play me!
over 3 years now... i lived in ireland for 2 years before i moved here. you know i really like nm! were you born in abq?
It is a scientific impossibility to overstate the awesomeness of the #Avengers movie. ()
So thankful god placed me in the arms of the best eye institute.
Yes it does!
I really don't wanna talk about I'm sorry
Can anyone recommend a good guide to making jam?
are u doin it still
I have the best sistaa <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>“: Making home made cookies for my sissy! ”
lol I know you check mine!
There was like a week ago when I checked... Idk maybe she decided to show up.. Or shell be traveling across seas and taking s break
Where does the day go???
"Scratch a lie, find a thief..."
I'm loving the HP TouchSmart 9100's that we've got at work...need to get one once I can rationalize buying a fourth computer.
Can't Have Sex by Myself ... Nd I Dont Think He Wants To ... LOl
In my <U+2665>, I know who won "Compassionberry" " ...I didn't have a chance 2 beat an ailing Bret Michaels! #littleturncoats LMAO
Wishing everyone a Happy Diwali!
haha I really need to get their music on my iPod. Soon.
Your knife; my back, my gun; your head.
Yeah but it's not the Rolento players fault that the other character is throwing fireballs from a distance lol.
just bought a new area rug that's really going to tie the room together. cc
RT : It's National Library Week – what are you reading? Here's some good stuff to hunt down at your local library:...
My hometown aint too bad huh? Keep an eye on ! RT : Little Rock! From the bottom of my liver...thanks for the party.
I don't even have anyone to pour out to right now.
Buckland loaded a boat with musicans to drive around the Arctic & tell what is happening in a new way. capefarewell.com
I sure wish the MSM...ABC & CBS would quit using Layvron's baby pictures on the news! THAT kid didn't beat up Zimmerman!
Aint Nothing But A G Thang Baby
Why do people just not get it? U explain things to them and how their actions affect people, and they dont get it/care.
Now my life is sweet like cinnamon! ...
Yep yep. When? Also, what are we doing for mother's day?
Happy Mother's Day Ladies, Enjoy.
haha oh be quiet :P
Looking forward to it! xo
He has been sick for a while.... Kidney failure!!!
happy mother's day! que pasa amiga
the south!
And Paul says we don't have enemies all around the world. Huh.
Or do you not think so far...ahead...
There's also World On A Wire on blu-ray here for $20. Oh wait - no there isn't. YOINK! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
sick!!!!! I've been missing partying with the puño.....
good stuff, post was geared towards new member referrals, some CU's & many banks are offer cash to join
Booking auditions is a game of inches, what are doing to get better, stand out and win?
GOOD CALL
Just recieved some advance copies of April - Phyllis Van Doren's Spring Interior Design Report looks great!
i am on my way to your house now
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 276
Everyone in Louisville support your local artists.Buy new album.Im gonna check it out,I heard its pretty tight!
S/O to people who haven't done any homework yet over break !
Sundays over already?
I saw that
The way to combat noxious ideas is with other ideas. The way to combat falsehoods is with truth. Douglas, William O.
Police told the new next door neighbors they can't work on cars on the street. So now, the neighbors are working on boats!
you're right. Looks like your run of the mill action film.
get some good wiper blades $40 and anti-freeze windshield washer fluid
If you got sumthin to say bout me let the shit be known....
Attenuation of age-related changes in mouse neuromuscular synapses by caloric restriction and exercise
Follow my personal account?
Its amazing how when you stand your ground you have to be playing games!
PC > Xbox & PS3
I really like your Angry Birds tweet. It got me lol.
Stocks go up, stocks go down, watching indexes that are painted can't help. Hedging will. Not a science, but an art I am here
The uofl vs Davidson game is being terribly officiated already!
Happy Friday! We have a delicious variety of Belgium Beers on draft and by the bottle!
you are a tweet machine on fire today!
the next time someone asks me why I'm abstaining from sex, I'm gonna ask them why they're having sex. SMH. LOL
THEY ALL KNOW! THEY ALL KNOW! ah foi mt foda.
I hate when I have those random deep thoughts like what do I wanna become when I'm older
Coffee is honestly the best part of my day.
I should join the Air National Guard?
thank you kindly sir! (resumes admiring all the North Korean-esque propaganda in Praetoria)
St. Patrick's Day trip to the WI Humane society.
Happy HTTP Status Code 401 Unauthorized Day!
Nothing wrong with a cheap tester. I just get tired of using a photocopier for R&D. That doesn't advance the industry even a little
Ann Marie is the best congress women we have ever had
A girl with awesome taste!!
I guess sharks aren't so bad after all, If a stranger came into my house wearing a speedo i'd probably attack him too..!!
Vollmann's The Rainbow Stories? Callenbach's Ectopia? Salas' Lay My Body on the Line? Just throwing some out there.
I'm not there and I'm laughing! I can always count on you for having a glass when I am :) xoxo besos!
Me : Go : Go Jayla Me : Get that lol : Get that Jayla, the bigger the better xD lmfaooo i cant
any time my brotha from another motha
nun. On break for school
Hey! is great, not hating on her at all, just a lyric in a song, that is all!
“: If anymore leads get blown at Miller Park tonight, John Travolta might fly in” awesome
Im so proud of u love...yay!!!!
I need to fuck a bitch!
Everything can be learned, including, to a very large extent, to be what you are not. You can learn to be pretty if you are plai
I say how much you need? He say a lot. I say you know people kill for that drug right? I just hope he got the message
RUN! Hey what health and technology advice do you have for zombie attacks?
Guilty until proven innocent
Forgot to bring the video camera. WHAT THE FUCK!
see you soon! Or maybe not?
Cant wait to hear the new album!! :) Xx
Ambition is a start to ur goals. The reality is ur vision is to be obtained with faith in urself with our creator guiding the way!
RT : I'm too cool to be smoking weed
#Nowplaying The Last Song Im Wasting On You - Evanescence <3
Feels great right? RT As of this morning Credit Card debt is nonexistent in my life!
IT'S THAT IMPORTANT
that's short for am juggling and dropping balls at the same time :)
My three keys to success: one, work hard. Two, be your own person. & Three, have a passion for what you're doing. ~Juli Inkster
this stupid website is spammin all of my followers just ignore it, its not true
2 auditions today. One for a kind mentor the other for an evil bad ass. Fast U turn ahead!
I'M SCARED D:
Honda Classic started today and McIlroy is right there again
~~~~~~~~~~Wrong! Not all maybe some, but if men act right then women, would not act up! Whats good for you, is same for her.
*Waves back* Hello.
It's great knowing that the only thing Heat fans get to celebrate are free agent signings and Lakers losses
you should have come to the Derby with us!
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. ~Swami Sivananda
no rain! Picking up photos, counting cash in cash box, securing headphones and heading up to the storage unit!
Wait... its raining in LA again?!
Big meeting today. Boss and I already plan to work "silos" and "echo chamber" in at least twice.
Nice 10 miler this morning in the Cleveland MetroPark. It had a little of everything. Convo, hills, snow, laughs & more.
Anderson, the STUPIDITY & CHEESINESS; the DESPICABLE PARTISANSHIP of the Romney "bullying story" is BEYOND EMBARRASSING....
That's great advice! Thanks.
Watching Veronica fondle a handful of Cheerios for the first time.
Cinnamon challenge complete
AN OTHE R DRINK!
Watching Parks and Rec Season 2. I have eaten at the restaurant where Ron and Tammy have their argumentative/sensual reunion.
damn right we should burn one sometimes together huh
tweet any Tech Sources/Activities used in Social Studies classroom to
what font program do you use on OSX?
RT The IRC's New Roots garden in San Diego is a veritable United Nations of farmers and foods.
It's funny because it's true.
Q re CC Expn: if Coastal Comm says can approve only w modifications, then what? (Thinking of the low cost pub access solution in plan.)
The Grammar Police called. They're all committing suicide.
A big happy birthday to the one and only
Great. I hear the opposite from some.
thanks u! :3
Thx Beth, for your always active participation. You deserve a shout-out!
#SAGawards Outstanding Female Actor in a Comedy series goes to BETTY WHITE! Yes!!!!! Go Betty!
Chronic 2001 better than the OG doe !
Golfing at Yale
AWW UR SO SWEET TELL UR DAD THAT I SAY HAPPY FATHERS DAY
There's an #Evernote version specifically for schools. Has lots of cool features & disc. rate.
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1967 #TheWho made its U.S. concert debut in
Smfh i really hate when people think its okay to act funny one day then the next wants to be your buddy. Foh!
Team basketball is such a lost art today in the NBA. It's two guys playing pick-and-roll or one guy posting up, and 3-4 players watching.
make sure the world spoils you today :)
its always the subtweet hate right? lol after graduation, all will be well, hang in there haha
CONGRATS to Oxygen4Energy Athlete Nichole Wangsgard for winning the Presbyterian Hospital Invitational Crit this past weekend in NC!
Text me...
completely soakedd! never ride the raging river....gonna go get airbrush tatooos and eat lunchh(:
save it for tomorrow night?
: Drat… missed this completely… I'll see you all next time...
I got an email today about it and I think they mail us checks but I think it's also possible to get a direct deposit if you want!
: Anything like Roger Daltrey crying out "Meet the new boss, same as the old boss"?
I'm right there with you, Alexander. Already had the terrible & the horrible. Just waiting for the no good & the very bad to add to my day.
Cadillacs are like rolex watches... For the geezers!!!!
I so feel you on that , *shrugs.. don't really care what branch, just tryna go .
Learning is about seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting & touching.Integrating your senses. How have you tapped into your senses today?
Words hurt. </3
love you to!!! Cant wait to see you lady
yeah you should've answered the phone....
So glad you enjoyed it!
Looking forward to tonight's Audio Tree session here at JIRA! Young Buffalo live at 8pm
She ant me
You got that smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God every day that you keep that smile. You are my dream.<3
": I'm taking Ty he's been impressive." I'd agree, he made the series go to 7, just lost steam
May the best man win.
time for bed hockey boy.
Happy Hour special at #Pirates Hall of Fame Club > Clevelander at #Marlins Park
Thanks, feel great today! Gearing up for B-12 mania over here.
RT Nice! : Jarvis Cocker wipes his arse with the News of the World onstage at T in the Park!
My heart got hypothermia learning since a lil kid
We're shooting a new commercial, getting ready for the start of TRUCK MONTH! "Deal"!
Catching up w/ people on Facebook, watching the playoffs, and waiting for my husband to get home from work... I'm bored out of my mind!
If I'm so fake cum c me perform at Broadway comedy club on Nov 18th in nyc
Today's weather is perfect for a drum circle.
beware the inappropriate lol.
Woo! Finally been confirmed registration for Can't wait to go! :D
Why did I not know Matthew Weiner is from Baltimore?
Good luck to those trying to win tickets on RT : #VanHalen have postponed all concerts after June 26th w/out giving reason
Happy Mothers Day to all of the Moms out there!! You're loved and appreciated.
I wonder who is subtweeting lol
Think is a great move. Takes substance
Just had to do it....I need Jesus everyday all day
Up w/ Deuce & he keep lickin his balls o_O
Shout out to whack ass niggas and their insecurities...BANG
yeah I feel the same way lol
Instead of getting ready i'm on twitter smh
no so i could meet up with he at like nine somewhere xD
We will be going in spring, daughter in UK due her 2nd in march.
So glad you loved 's keynote! Power + Passion? You’re “The Ringleader” – Motivating and vigorous! Compelling!
I COMPLETELY FORGOT ABOUT THAT.
hey Mr. LV cab. Do you want to take a Twitterer to insert coins from wynn?
Magnetite? O.o
Lets Make These Moves Champ
Cool can't wait to read it
indeed, I might be a little smarter than that
My hair really needs to get better.
follow he's an amazing singer look him up on YouTube he's AMAZING !!!!!!!!
RT : Portland City Hall locking its doors as march heads that way
hate studying for exams
we used to be so close an now at the most your a ghost of what used to be.
#FIXVOTING Reducing time for early voting NOT combating FRAUD - combating VOTING by Americans! Need MORE early voting time - NOT LESS!
i LOVE Some Girls!!!
Squeezing in an episode of Sex and The City before I start my weekend officially!
welcome home!
especially enjoyed the 3d maps in but was not so happy about how they were used..
why wouldn't you?
Q: over 40 in interview they ask Wont you be bored in this position-I was at job 12 years! Doesn't this show that I wont leave in 6 months?
I HATE COMPUTERS!
Finally got my XBOX 360 Elite!!! So stoked!!!
Aw lol I had a pit bull she had 9 puppies then she died!
: It should be a good series. If Perkins is healthy and the Lakers play up to their potential it should be a good series.
For the price of 2 beers at the bar, you can enjoy 30+ different beers @ Much Ado About Brew. Get tix before we sell out kgoradio.com/beer
. We will draft oline, but most improvement is believed to come from new scheme. I think our guys r underrated
TELL PPL TO FOLLOW ME LOL
have u read the book?...great movie too
ido was in the room I would have hit him for how he talked to you.
.!-_!~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Kobe to clutch
how come you locked your account? someone messing with you? am i gonna have to choke a bitch?
holy mother, Lauren. Those look AMAZING!
Again for !
Learning about EdgeRank from
Uprooting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
well that's always goo:) I know you Miss tinychat bestfriendfddd:)
#McCall Smith, The Double Comfort Safari Club. Soothing Sunday reading for a bit of decadence to avoid thinking about unpleasant tasks later
I believe in God. I just don't think he's very spiritual.
MT : Says at #DigitalGovU, 4 Things to Remember: "1. Social Media is free like a puppy is free. It takes work."
Welcome new readers from Friday's promotion. New website for us and our novels coming very soon!
i know
sure. its a good idea but 10+ others already at it… and i have yet to find one that makes it seamless. betting on !
POTUS tells fundraiser decision to support same-sex marriage "was a logical extension of what America is supposed to be." (via
Sipping on #water, watching the #Clippers make a comeback. #NBA here at Library Bar&Grill!
Maybe to Windsor, so I can still live in this area but I get TSN. Sick of ESPN and their NBA score updates but no hockey on BML
Graham: The city took the step of being the successor agency bc it wanted a say in how AB 26 is being carried out.
o yea i forgot it was!
If only guys like Hosmer could really get the top part of the order REALLY going.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is when u find out your so call best friend was talkin a hold a bunch crap about u!
i'm learning how to make a bridge [:
if you're gonna hate the least you could do is use correct grammar
oK, I admit, I am thrilled!!!
Plan to come to the #burger bar of course!
March seems to be a bad month for you guys. Losing clients after sticking with you last March :-(
What's your favorite Belgium beer? We've got a few of 'em at half price tonight!
What? Run into a pole again?
RT : coming in tonight to promote the Blackhawks Luxury Box Raffle! Redeem a $1 Bartab drink during the game to enter!
We had a winner of the Miranda tix, but they couldn't go. I just picked another name..is it you? Check your DM!
Ebay of Pigs
Feeling so creative!! But have a headache so I am feeling so lazy too! Inspired =)
I think the dot races might be a little more competitive than this game
The crowd was so into last night and so out of it tonight. This is baseball, it's a 7 game series and we are still in it, come on!
Thanks! Happy Friday :) MT : Follow Friday: Vendor Edition: ...
"It looks both backward for causation and forward for remedial measures." Victor Turner, on Divination, from The Forest of Symbols
I did. Did you find out via his twitter earlier? Lol
thanks for following!
A man's stuff is the most valuable in the world. But when he dies, people go in his home to clear it out, they say: What is all this crap?
ahaha hell yeah. Where you at
I like The Happening.
hell yea lol
The anticipation of how my hair will turnout is the worst part
Here's what we know, what do you know, in crisis situation. MT Great work yesterday on breaking news by
. PLZ RELOCATE OUR CONVENTION
When the mind rests upon the Self within it no longer indulges in material or sensual thoughts. Its gains self-restraint.
Absolutely, it follows. I knows herds of unemployed writers, editors, and fact checkers.
OMM! OH MY MAHONE? I HAVE ONE OF THOSE! He's tickling me right now(:
what back ground picture lol
I can't wait till april vacation I need a break!!!!! Ug
In 09 minutes my TL will become #TeamBreezy & claiming they been with him since " Run It "
I love that you mentioned me in the wet hair tweet.
Me: mom can i go see woman in black? mom: no. your not ready me: im almost 13 and it has dan radcliffe! mom: maybe. if i can see it
girl, that ain't good<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0097>
“: Are you #uprising with us tonight? Rally starts at 7pm! Join us! #LAthtr #DTLA”
to be love by you....
i can go for some bdubs right about now
Who would have ever guess that John Terry and Puyol would have disagreement?
Thanks for the RT!
My condolences & prayers go out to Valerie Simpson, and their daughters on the passing of Legendary Songwriter; Nick Ashford!
Good Luck Today End regular season on winning note
I clicked on your link and a Justin Bieber ad popped up next to the article. HOW APPROPRIATE!!!
The first public theater built in England was called 'The Theater'. A nation of innovators.
#followfriday peoples of interest
Hey it was nice seeing you last night! That should happen more often.
Thank you :)
That pic is from Spa-ghetti Day!
When your teacher asks for a volunteer & somone says "I volunteer as tribute" ha this actually happened in my class.
I want some cake.
Yes RT : A6 Women's Health & Safety!
I was so star struck lol. He was like I heard you couldn't come out so I wanted to talk to you before I left Dallas.
Great song!
WELL TOO BAD CAUSE YOU SUCK AT TIEING THEM <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
RT : Hiring again....looking for account manager to run brand + celebrity programs. Must have 5+ years experience. Tweet me.
been up with the roommates since 4am watching the news- just starting to give us warnings. Everyone check your kits for water & batteries!
Casey Pachall highlighted a record-setting game with a 42-yard touchdown pass to Skye Dawson with 4:26 left to lift TCU to a 31-24 victor
Seeing Savannah tonight <33
Nice! it's cold and raining here in Austin!
I'm watching "Step Up 2 The Streets" on ABCfamily! :)
Thank you for following us! If there was ONE tweet we could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me
I ran into and #courtneyjancocolous today and they wouldn't let me cut for food:3
Or I'm bipolar not sure.
The moon wasn't big tonight at all, maybe I caught it too late. Gonna try to see it again tomorrow.
Fine tuning the tandem for tomorrow's trip on the Empire Builder.
no, not true, April Fool's from NPR- I should have checked more. :)
RT : Chris Brown hits her, Eminem lies to her, Drake can't remember her name = The life of Rihanna.
- thank you sir
PR tip: When you are sending a press release to a newspaper, you DO NOT need to put a Word doc in columns. Come on now.
Wow my granddad old... u kno u old when u talk about nothing
Tonights the big game. Who is going to win Kansas or UK?
July 30th club vain. W.thekeyplayerz.com. Be there
i believe so but they sell it there in Indiana?
Happy St. Patty's Day! Become a fan of HRL on FB by Tues March 23rd for a chance to win a FREE 2 night stay! :)
No, seriously, I'm here and of sound mind, but I have to catch up on my other stuff before I can deal with your not-so-urgent matter. Jeez.
Et Cetera => And the rest, often abbreviated etc. or &c.
''Everyones birthday party!'' Excited for this weekend
we just finished our first tour and we'll be releasing a new single pretty soon though!
on my way to the Vans Warped Tour in Houston!!! I'll be updating the scene all day, so follow me if you want to know about it!!! Peace b ...
Looking at my feed & wishing I was in Austin for #tilts (#tilts2011?) today. Missing talks by , , , &c.
Headed to the Bats game.
Up watching Martin...
When your jammin out to your favorite song and the headphones get snagged on something random.
Throwing down an acoustic jam with YFT in Woodland Hills tonight. Sticks. Check. Bag. Check.
I like to tweet one-handed while taking a leak.
Had a great time this weekend! Thanks to all !
So its decided! My hair dresser and I both want preppy white boys with swag lol
yup sounds good homie
WTF MY VIDEO ISNT WORKING IT SAYS ACCESS DENIED WTF MAN.
Neck: stiff neck
Me too!
I'm absurdly happy that my college age daughter is snoozing on the sofa while I read.
just.. Leave it
Thanks for the RT! Are you watching Delhi/Kolkata now?
*WINNING* #teamtigerblood speak your mind your lips have been sealed to long express yourself and hell with everybody else..
In the past 2 years, someone insisted to me that their professor told them they must use two spaces after a period.
Video Amazing Cup Stacking Skills This Kid Got Fast Hands - cups stacking
Moved my blog off of UT's servers...
The Angels are bowling <U+270C>
thank you all for the MT's during the #jazzday concert last night, we appreciate you!
Happy Chocolate Day everyone. The bake shop at City Tavern is cranking out #chocolate hearts glazed with ganache.
I'm so tired but I can never sleep when I want to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I hope cums his pants on his movie date so his bitch can point and laugh at him >:) lmao
Papa john looked like he was on crutches and they edited them out in the commercial running during Sunday night football.
DONTT U HATE WHEN U LOSE THE ONES U LOVE ?? </3
the guys are tops... glad to have them as part of CodeSquare!
Send questions for the Next "Ask Aunt Lisa Video"!!! I'm going to pick about 8 questions & give away another 2 signed posters NEXT THURSDAY!
you're only with her because you don't like to be alone.
": <3 JOE <3 omg join our marriage :'-)"we can all marry
I finally stand my grounds and now I'm being respected more than ever. Like me for me, not for who u want me to be.
that's my problem with AOP. Nobody seems to know about any other useful application.
Get ready for St. Pattys Day-stop by for our Baileys and Guiness CUPCAKES-Come early for best selection or call ahead
I can. Or how about lack of response.
That's because you're a tool.
- Very nice. It's a great team. Everyone is working very hard to make an exciting show.
I can't remember my first time! Ha!
My bro gave me a Miller High Life... It's not too bad.
“: It’s easier to lie to me than to yourself”
No coffee within 4 miles, and car. I see why crackheads are always walking around.
Firefighter support: Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch receives endorsement from Milwaukee Professional Firefighters Association.
It Just Mean Boa! lol. Wassup?
Happy Friday mate!!! Enjoy the wkend. I'm listening to Forbins from SB IX. C'mon dates!!
We have a nugget tonight!!!! :)
¡Hoy es noche de Carne Tremula! Drop by the tonight for some serious booty shaking!
I MADE THIS FOR YOU!!!
is that the same aide who works on etch a sketch????? :)
ouch. Get better soon. The rest should help.
Are you ready for #chicago June 8 with NJ ?
do you have a iPod?
Congratulations Emilyy.!! so happy for you.!! love ya girl!
Hi! How can I contact you?
I REALLY hate sitting in class with a rain wet shirt...
Inaction is not only the result, but the cause of fear~ Norman Vincent Peale
when is it?
I would rather watch Hoarders than the NBA. It's too much about self indulgence.
Innovators getting ready for nashville and Tennessee area
Happy New Year Ray!!! I wish you an awesome 2012!!!
“: Getting married before 25 is kinda like leaving a party before 10pm #AmIRight?”
Hi All check out our website for our amazing sales on our boog 77 tried and true home based business www.createmoneyweb.com
Today starts 25¢ weekend! Anything at Diversity Thrift with GREEN tag, electronic, clothing, household, is only a quarter!! Don't miss out!
people don't like because of his FAME and LOOKS! But because of his talents, and the inspiration he gives <3
I think I am going to start stalking Paulina Gretzky's #Instagram account...
One more month and I'll be in Lima. Can't wait to try out the fantastic restaurants there.
Thnx bro, those fx you threw on there are crazzy.. can't wait to crack some more out soon!
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> UA Bookstore!
bleh. i didnt get to meet im so sad :(
I was freaking out. Smoking is so unattractive. I'm glad that wasn't you. It was just a stupid person. :)
is awesome because it has a classy atmosphere. i feel like i'm in sex and the city when i'm there!
Wait... I jus saw what ur talkin about. That's a generic tweet automatically posted by Soundcloud when u load sumthin new.
": With all my heart I praise the LORD! I will never forget how kind he has been. -Psalm 103:2"
Cool & rainy in San Diego. First panel on the schedule is Danny Elfman
“: I hate when I'm so happy about something and then my happiness just dies... Because of one thing. ONE LITTLE THING.”
O.. Like Sum for me !
You have an AWESOME job!
haha man I'm boutta go fishing at the river, you wanna go?
100 LIKES & I'll Sing Boyfriend For My Facebook Peeps (;
Don't worry about the people who hate you, worry about the people who love you.
I don't care if you see my messages days before :3 I just want u to see em and have great days and lovely times :3 I LOVE U <3
very exciting meeting today with one of our marketing partners on a viral YouTube campaign t. More to follow.....
Seriously, siting in this class for like 3 hours is a waste of my time!
Went to weed one book, ended up weeding 12 shelves of books.
My phone really needs to stop acting retarded, before I somehow manage to throw against the wall or something.
This organic granola is a subtle blend of aromatic barn sweepings and fresh bark mulch.
Norfolk might to be outta there.
Long day of shooting is over! Time 4 food...a drink and my couch!
RT : We are honored to be featured in the case study with ! Public Relations in Urgent Care...
what about a pool girl?
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
1.29 a taco... You live on mars or what?? Lol
On the road to Canada!
Thanks for the #ff yesterday! :-)
Liking everyone's baby's pics on instagram! Awe ^_^
Thanks Jack. look forward to watching
Yes!! Me too! All the hard work paid off!!
Wow this bus driver is amazing! Shall I marry her? Lol she is giving away gifts and wants to take us to Brazil...
Just about to leave for #Context. Ah, the convenience of in-town cons. See you there?
the only reason people dress up for halloween is to look "sexy". *eye roll.* get over yourself.
hey love :)
Apparently to some people...getting nothing is better than getting something and having to give some of it back.
RE: Aoki's name of course...sorry for the cryptic tweet
FREE FREE FREE WEBSITES LET US HELP YOU GROW YOUR BUSINESS LET US HELP YOU GET MORE CUSTOMERS DON'T WORK HARDER WORK SMARTER studio5one2
Coupons for buget cars rental
Sure! Let us know what you need. :)
Man I miss my San Diego family. I am gonna go there as soon as school is out.
Temporarily blocked from FB again. I posted a picture of a bicycle seat that had a dildo attached. Someone was offended and reported it.
Be of good cheer, the One who sent you into a storm will keep you in that storm, and in your darkest hour will come to you walking on it!
Re: snow showers MT : It happend twice in a span of an hour. Each time it lasted 5-10 minutes. Sunny skies now
Lol it b my co-workers! We need to go to el tequila. do too! Girlz time!
Vegan donuts! I just one. Wow are they good!
“: Fml kill me now.” <~ No, we need our fans to be alive!!
you had a dream you were in world of warcraft? What a nerd
I agree! I can't believe this stuff hasn't gone mainstream yet, very intriguing
Hi Oluwatoyin, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
If you're happy and you know it clap your hands.
He doesn't just put any old words that rhyme in his songs. He takes his time and writes incredible lyrics that have stories behind them
Then they asked if they could have a bite. Rofl
- Text me?
Our pleasure! Have a fantastic day and #tweet4assistance if you need any help or have any ?s :)
Be yourself because everyone else is taken.
We've heard it's COLD! RT : To my NY folks... How's the weather over there? I'll be in your city tomorrow
Today there is one minute more of daylight than darkness. It's a good start.
make up is ruined
Thanks for sharing, Ross!
Where did you find this information? I'm curious to read more about it.
Don't let your fears keep you from living...love
Resistance Training Reduces Signs of Parkinson's - Medscape
No murders or suicides in Detroit last night, none in Wayne county at all, makes for a better day at work!
Also, can we just have Tyrion slap Joffrey in every episode?
If love is the most treasured thing in the universe then why are so many people scared of it ?
is she not there... I will kill her if she overslept
Lmfao.. Why would you do that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
lets do it.
writing formulas for a giant excel-based dataset.
ELECTRIC VEHICLE SHOW: 10am-2pm, Sunday, August 22, Millennium Plaza Park, Lake Oswego (via )
Who really advocates choice for women? Conservative Repubs-to choose total liberty or Liberal Dems-to choose being bound by regulation
So sad with the 2 pm lunchtime at Robeson. That's affecting the students' ability to learn. Please tweetpossible follow-up.
I've depended on numerous hosting services over the years. None as horribly incompetent as Heed my warning...
#sow #hick where ya at?
Tell us your idea about the #power of conversation.
Its time for "Pink the Rink" at #Fredonia State University! Lets go BlueDevils!
IN THE AIR THE MIXTAPE DROPPING SEPT. 1ST
I don't need this fucking world, this world brings me down.
I know and so was I...
do jellyfish scars ever go away? My leg looks like it was in a knife fight...... :(
#Power Plate Sessions with Louis. Your first one is Free 786.287.8487. Mentioned you heard about it on
#thingsishouldsaynoto: my pillow cuz I really gotta do this paper
Good call. I'm sure they have it. lol!
Going boating then state fair :) what a fun weekend, break from work :)
At a packed house party we're going to perform tonight. is performing right now. Al's got crazy eyes at the right moment
Thanks for the #ff s/o!
the usual is going down tonight..skating with the bestfriends<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Don't forget that MYC prayer is in room 6 today! 10AM
:O Oh no! Best of luck on whatever you are doing next. Thanks for helping me meet folks in Yahoo! London.
Vinny Zollo trying to punch his ticket for the dance tomorrow night
I'm All Bored N Shit .
i can goo
Oh.. Napa Hour... A wonderful way to end the work week and bring in the Weekend!
That's just a part of animal rescue. You have to be able to roll with the punches.
#nce11 Conn. Supt: November presentation reframed my thinking on how we use tech. We need to change conversation
RT : If I can't be with Craig Gentry forever and ever, then I don't want to be with anyone else!
Ain't no Hater ova here .... Great game #OKC Congrads on game 1 win #NBA .... U know how it goes if U play poorly ya get blown out
very true. But that makes me even more nervous :)
Eating a cookie in bed, watching the clouds go by. Sunday, I'm in love with you.
Celebrate New Years Eve with Robbie Laws at Beaterville!
lol so funny... I feel like that's something we'd see in
I am feeling a little stressed out. :/
we'll see what kind of beat down delivers tomorrow. My other trainer has a softer side for rest days
I WANT to LIVE in a WORLD where DOPHINS get BULLIED. Touché dolphins touché.
one love BD
Shout out to for his remake of 'NSYNC's Girlfriend video. The Boyfriend video looks exactly the same.
Way to go #Rangers coming up big in the 11th
Just "Liked" Planet Earth on FB. As of this moment, 630 people have checked in. Who knew Planet Earth was so popular?
OMG, Marion Cotillard's white dress with the red trim in Midnight in Paris - gorgeous like her.
Hello, my dear !
this one guys girl friend
2da few singers out there who think they come close 2 my 6+Octave E1-G7 range.Theory training&Be able2sing instead of just hitting all notes
Here comes Sipp, there goes the game.
if you wantt
thank you(: <U+2665>
#WeLoveUandUrDaughter everything will be alright! Lizzie is in My Prayers :) <3
What show are you most excited for this season???
I love it! Making it into my doc design class into the spring.
haha ya it's good stuff
Just because you put a pretty top over a muffin top don't make it a cupcake sweetheart!
my rap name is "Mad Chatter"
The application my son brought home for First Graduate says in 1 spot "shared goal of collage graduation". So they do arts/crafts?
Haha, State Farm Bobby Knight discount double-check commercial is pretty good! He's no , but still funny!
Finally read MY BEST FRIEND today. Loved it! Thanks for the rec. It's on my next Follett order.
Hey - I have openings Tuesday, 11/1, from 8:30-9:30am and 11am - 1pm. If anyone is interested in coming for a workout it's on the house!...
. There is something wrong with that timer, as soon as I change a diaper, he needs to be changed again. :-)
Tell me why alaya nd kalil are burried in the play pen full of toys.... lil badd ass kids
Hahahahaa he is stupid
lmfao!!! That's really funny, its so awful xD I love making fun of myself now.
join da party Kodak
Later on. Who ova deaa' ?
Tonight: Denver Chamber's BAH, Ohio Center for Broadcasting, 404 S. Upham Street, Lakewood 80226 5:30-7:30 I might take your picture :-)
That's funny...I just "cleaned" mine out this week, making an effort to stay on top of it and informed!
Dorito taco to end off the night great (: now just waiting for that txt!
Okay Thanks :)
Just downloaded new book on Hard to use the site, but I now feel like a sparkly, sweet, media princess.
I saw Brian Posehn & Boon Shaka-laka on the same corner of Cahuenga at the same time! It's a star studded nite out here!
Hearing a voice outside in the middle of the night counting down can be disconcerting. As far as I can tell nothing happened at 0!
Saying hello to the readers from Greece...:)
We always call homeruns & if your wrong you have to buy beer. Last year I was right on my only try, that was GoGo in game 162
Wtf like really?
Legal Tip for the day: Exceptions to the automatic stay of bankruptcy: child support, criminal proceedings, and divorce proceedings.
just got done eatting pancakes & smoke sausage!
Eminem kills you in any freestyle, any album, and any written lyric, you have no talent dude, go do drumline 2!
I liked MS&S, but it's probably going to b more theoretical & less connected to events in your daily life than sociology of work.
LOOKING FOR MISERY
do you do roof billboards in Dulles flight path ?
Megan passters just had sex with a girl from kentucky...she is a lez..only in 8th grade
#evernoticed how great sex is when your having it with someone you truly LOVE
;) love ya buddy
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
hopes heart is in Seattle and I know if we had a team here you'd be Seattle all the way! Hope all is well fam?
what happened????
Looking mean! Beat Bisping's face in.
I miss my lil boo thing
Great first hour ... thanks for making it happen! Lots more to come right after the news. Stay tuned!
Its a signed poster and an EXCLUSIVE pic!
Exclusive Lego R2-D2 Is the Lego Set You Must Get This Year [Video] - null
hahah can we remix that song
thanks,you as well ;-)
it's about 3:35 here on the west coast haha and thank you! You too
Manning hits a fly to medium center. Kingery has it, the throw home and Sveum is SAFE! Braggs moves to 3rd, #Brewers lead 5-4!
Patience is a virtue? Working hard to be virtuous.
Thanks for the love!
We're all still alive, guys! We're preparing you some new material! So keep your ears open!
Through the locks without problems
u an alum too? One follow coming up lol
Thanks for the follow! Got any good food news for me?
The internet will help u to an extent. U still have to work ur singles.. hit the road, work it in different cities and b humble
lmao he really changed it to Dont forget the comma
Oh honey, my hat is off to you if that is the case. Gone with your bad self.
#Heat better fuckin' ball tonight..
you can :) part of really believing you can comes from trying, failing, but persevering <3
thanks I will have to show you the original I'm iffy
9 straight Ks at the beginning of a game & 4 straight BBs to end it? Now *that* is original.
that's quite the stat! :p
it isn't but you put your entire sex life all over twitter for everyone to read. Stating my opinion. That's all.
Not a word choice issue either. Just a bad opinion issue.
-cool. Enjoy your weekend :-)
I HATE when people try to make you the bad guy ; the villain for being honest I'm not gonna let people do that to me anymore
Well shake it shake it shake it baby now! Nothing like waking up to the almighty Beatles!
Hiya pal!
follow me
I love being let down by my sports teams. #Orioles #Ravens #Caps the last two just can't get the job done in the playoffs.
This Is It! The last time 2 support EJ during the Spring Drive. & I will bdoing the "This Is It" dance starting @ 8pm ET.
Yes! See you SAT 8-12pm RT : We are excited for the new Saturday morning Farmers Market at #TheAutry at #GriffithPark - awesome!
In 12 hrs I will be out of school lol
They should really put the wonky wheel shopping carts out of their misery.
And that's the difference between the whiskey and you
who doesnt eat there cake with a fork...? I sure do!(:
Thanks so much, Ann! Happy Easter to you as well. Enjoy your weekend,
Rumors swirling that WAR HORSE may be looking to move to a different theatre to make room for a revival of THE KING & I with Kelli O'Hara.
Just got in line for the Exterminator... We're here early & the line is still a little long!!!
That awkward moment when you can always find the opposite gender's bathroom faster than your own..
Damn, I need to get some religious scam going
Hello world, I'm home.
TF I look like wearing some Tom's
Can someone explain to me why everyone is going on about how Cody is single or not???
my little sister will be 3 in October (;
Yes penalty!
yea you did
I think without make up , you still bad as hell <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
im sick :(
It's so funny watching my boss trying to figure out how to use the copy machine lol
You are so welcome! We had a great time and it was nice to breathe in some fresh mountain air. Thanks again. :)
On my way to enjoying the finer things in life.
S/O That's My Better Half..!!* #Real Talk#
#FF App of the Day devs for the week - thanks everyone, and have a great Christmas!
ok bye. But were do u live.?
I'm so confused.
#Brides and #Grooms to-be! helps you bring together photos, videos, and updates from your wedding all in one space
We've got DJ Beach tonight. April starts at midnight, start it off right
Just wanted to say whats up, and Keep it going with Massive, its an awesome Party
A van-load from + from heading out to for higher ed social media workshop #hashtaganyone?
I guess this library card is only good thing I have. So I can still get on this computer. Watch out if I have get back on my feet.
Thanks for the kind words!
looks good.
Just made lunch reservations for my team @ 360 Uno Pizza -- it is always nice to get the team out for lunch off-site.
KETTLE 1'S AND SPRITE S/O TO DRE PABON
I have armyworms eating my mint. Every time I think I have them all picked off I find more frass and another caterpillar.
If you are interested in the business side of sports, follow , and Good stuff.
Ah, Super Bowl Wkend. Hope the game is good, halftime show is engaging, the ads outrageous and Glee is over the top
thanks for getting your tan on with us! Hope you're enjoying the long weekend!
Paille with the gooooaaaallll!!! #Bruins tie it 2-2. This 2nd period is becoming a shoot out.
JLo is that your....?
his 3 picks . He's awful. The d will Will this game for them if they hold on....that's my peace.
Rick Santorum isn't a practicing Catholic -- he's perfected it.
Court this morning lord I pray
totals ! & i SO called that sofa :)
Yes, When we post the AFC South...
Is the KCBS FM band 106.9? All I got over the weekend was Hip-Hop from 106.1 in SF.
lmfaooo snatched the damn bobby pin right out of my hair then still smacked me! #rude haha
Is it obsessive if I have over 40 posters of or am I a real belieber
*mumble ": I ramble sometimes :/"
I have no idea might just chilln in da crib and watch movies and eat ice cream idk
That is lesson learned from carter's mistake of not doing the same after the fall of the Shah of Iran. Iran now exports terrorism.
New news coming tomorrow!
go on fb
Stop by the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Business Expo Hospitality booth next week Tuesday and tell me about your business.
PLEASE! Anybody but that asshole Calvin Borel.
we're around the corner from you!
Congrats to everyone! This is a fantastic panel.
Thank you for supporting. Glad you had a great time!
just send it to me through YouTube or in message here
1830s Boston is a microcosm of US politics. Spend $ to support business, seek foreign loans and add to debt, blame social programs for debt.
Happy Saturday! Visiting with family and enjoying the weekend. Anyone have any big plans?
eww yeah. My cats yaks too, worst is when I walk in it. Ugh f'in cat!!
I'm Tryna get on the train next
Lately, I've been watching France24, the rest I get here.
Good Clean Puddy Cat>>>>>>
#DTHR getting the scoop - > will be in the house on Sunday
": I'm still waiting for the "Once you go black, you never go back" episode on Mythbusters." Bahahahaha
- Likewise! Love your quartet name. Would love to see you perform sometime!
I hate people who just get their stuff handed to them.
The saddest people always seem to be the nicest.
I am potato, to be are fruitcake?
RT : For Lent, I'm giving up not drinking this. — Drinking a Nugget Nectar by : just picked up a 6 pack of this today!
Enjoying a beautiful, crisp winter day in the Heartland! It is sunny, breezy and the view from my window is like a winter postcard!
Stay with it, though :-)
PickUpLine: Do you know what part of the tongue registers the salty taste? Would you like to experiment and find out.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic recorded at Curb Studios in Nashville, TN! **
#quotes The successful person makes a habit of doing what the failing person doesn't like to do.
Keep your eyes to the skies in DC, MD, and MD! #SpotTheShuttle and be a part of history.
am not just meant to survive, but to thrive! and that I shall do! New music on the way!
She Told Me Go Bacc 2 Tha Old Wayz I Told HER o No
do too, where all dat come from, n whose yall?
Thank you for the follow! We are following back too! :)
thanks bro !!!
Hi Sean, this is the CTG Education department Twitter! Nice to tweet-meet you! Victor works for us & says hi!
thank you
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” Maya Angelou
No, I meant for the human. Is putting them on the cat "a pain", not painful. ;)
she'la miss u!!! Let's hoops soon
bold statement, sir. And possibly true.
The latest spammer, whose name is Lance, says he lives in Kuwait City. Someone's bored over at
Thank you so much! I haven't had a chance to watch it yet!
Get it MInzy!!!
that's the first I've heard of them! The album has lots of different sounds. That's still my favorite song
hahaha, you already know Big sis:-) Your heart is too big, thanks for checking on me:-)
Thanks for the mention!!
my order went through o.O
sorry! On broad now!
And the John lennon wall
RT : If you're on your laptop at , check out 's twitter background. I love it! Tweety Got Inspired.
They have multiple bars but they are really expensive. Best to just bring your own drinks in a flask or bottle.
And just in time!! #MARSunplugged! :)
i need my laptop soon, i wanna. use via web! i think id be addicted :3
I agree. I don't have it either. Somehow it seems like these people believe she performs miracles instead of The Almighty!
I think #MKEFirkin is a great idea for your next #beerclub event! Lots of great stuff for beer connoisseurs.
excellent decision my friend!
if UK wins tomorrow Tenn. is #2 SEC. What about Vandy , Fla. ?
I should have called it an "events calendar" though some regional incident data collection would be way cooler.
. insists that several high & mighty people have declared the term "cock-a-hoop" not indecent! Do I have a new fav word? Yes!
true that! good old u.s of A
ohh that's good Hurley! I've had other pals do hydrotherapy.
I listened to a couple of your songs on The Country Network and fell in love with your music. You're amazing.! I love you.!
Jazz concert in our Rotunda starts in one hour! UCLA music students will perform pieces by a variety of jazz legends. See you there.
So , Ariana,peoples laugh at me becaude my skin color please support me.<3
thanks! Our android version is coming near the end of May. Stay tuned through our updates on tapcongress.us and see the site.
Forget Facebook ads. Focus on good, helpful and useful content and update your blog frequently.
i hate that i take a nap than i can't sleep
Damn life so short...fuck it I don't wanna go to court
Coming from a performer/teacher POV, teachers dont get enough credit..next time I hear 'those who can't, teach' BS I may cause a scene...:P
Any negative behaviour a dog does will get worse if he gets told off for doing so
RT : #celebrates GIRLFRIENDS' GETAWAY #afterparty | see you all tonight!
where do you work at?
envious about Mehldau. Hope he throws in a Radiohead or Hendrix cover for you
im back from mexico guys ugh so tired i see none of my friends were active enough to reply to me
Promote yourself, but do not demote another. Israel Salanter
Last Day for collecting March Madness Stickers!
retweeting like it's my JOB! Cause I basically say the same things every second of my life
A part of me wants to watch the second half of My Week with Marilyn, but another part of me keeps thinking about the bland first half. :/
yes!!! I'm going to send u the link so u can register. :)
Seeing The Kills tonight! I'm a lucky girl.
I really can't, but Tom should!
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Pumpkin Porter is pouring at Fatso's - get some before it is all gone!
This is where the British girl quietly slips out of this convo :P
I was just complaining about this the other day. So tired of "Drop 2 sizes!!!!" articles.
- yes & energy efficient too! Welcome to check them out anytime!
LOSING AT HOME IS LIKE WATCHIN YOUR BITCH GET FUCKED IN YOUR OWN BED
?For many people, hell has already arrived
I am.doing good actually thanks.it was good and warm today here 78 #jealous? Haha
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I wouldn't get to chapter 4. This book isn't gonna read itself...
I really wanted it before and I had an opportunity to go to Strasberg, France-- beautiful! But you know how the cookie crumbles
its been almost 6 hours and i still feel like shit
david foster wallace?
I knoow who too!
Chris Rene got a cam on #XFactor he will pawn it for drugs.
When you sleep till almost 4, and you can't sleep that might <<
Playing finish that song at fantasmic..they play sweet Caroline. I definitely said go pitt instead of "so good"
May the 4th be with you! The library has Star Wars books, Star Wars movies, & John Williams music(!) ...all free with your library card.
My opinion better matter I have #freedomofspeech on my side, suckers!!
I miss u to Mikey! This is my last week of school then we can have bust sessions everyday!
I can proudly state,“I worked hard on the practice field, in the film room and at meetings” after all, football is my passion.
follow back :)
Design solves and surprises.
Thanks for the love!
Doug Fister would have been a Cy Young contender had he been in Detroit all year. 7-1 with a 1.79 era in 11 starts.
Haven't worked a Friday in months....don't like it.
Feels good to beat boston baby.
I really hate School... :(
we are exhausted, happy, joyous and tired. And we are taking a melatonin and hitting the rack. Looking forward to seeing you!
6-7 scoops of beans, water just below boiling, 4 minutes= perfect :)
Eveyone should stop everything and follow the March/Rally in Sanford,Fla. It could be your son, your nephew, it could by you,Black Man!
makin a spontaneous trip to u of I for Chiptole
i like your style
Gettin' ready to take my lady out to dinner for her birthday!!
Busted lip :'(
I'm not alone,i know that god is always with me
Still writing: Qualitative Case Study on the Engagement of African American Learners 2 Raise Achievement through Community-Based Initiatives
Joining ' xcllnt "Money Power & Wall St" Part 3 late thnx to v long day at
Free actor profile.
There's snow outside this airplane window. Can't remember the last time I saw it.
Air hockey with a 2 year old... And he's got game! That's quality right there!
The ‘Aquaponics Soldiers’ of Camp Aguinaldo
All I Gotta Say Is Im Definitely investing In One Of those Fitness Balls lol
I saw you at the AMA luncheon yesterday. Wasn't Tony's stunt funny? :)
#2000thTweet is dedicated to amazing people in my life. ! You guys rock!
late night tonight. You're welcome to stream it too. :)
alright ima get in the bed
sorry, we didn't. Got some Yards IPA.
Started morning trip to Denver by spilling coffee on 10 people around me. Not the most popular person on the plane! #coffeeinluggagebin= ...
what's with the drink on it video? Kinda weird! But love the song.
we love ya too beybii :)
I concede private lives indicate character, but wish we all focused on economy, foreign policy, policy understanding, insight, leadership.
Stop being selfish, make the eggs for the two kids, and forget about yourself, find something else!
Riley attacked private citizens--graduate students--who never offered themselves up for her critique. Walker, not so much.
Derek Lowe? Atlanta is paying him to win in Cleveland.
Enter Coupon Code: DRAFT for $4.00 off your delivery tonight. Minimum order= $30.00
#10ThingsILove Jesus, husband, my kids, family and friends, nature, songbirds, chocolate, photography, writing, learning
#NFAIS Key philosophy for Small Demons is to allow users to follow through. (i.e. Add all films mentioned in a book added to queue.)
You should eat makeup so your pretty on the fckin inside
I'm not a fan of remakes. But huge fan of Channing. *swoon*
Chuck Brown - Chuck Baby
no porq solo me vy a animar con vs
yo text me bro
The text I just sent >>> HAHAHA
John Crosby thanks Andrew Taylor Still for the gift of Osteopathy.
thank roomie!! We're on the brink of something great!!
“: 2 funerals in 2 days.....lesson learned never take life for granit” I hear ya buddy! Too many little ones are leaving to early
What is going on with all the flashing lights downtown state st at the inner loop?
Where the fuck is my grain belt?
LOL DUDE. PEOPLE ARE FREAKING OUT. Omg. This is too funny.
Thanks, friend!
Touché - RT So yeah ... was and is a success, I'm drunk eating a Philly cheese steak
Weddings and funerals are the hemorrhoids on the timeline of humanity.
Don't tase me bro.
ABSOLUTELY! RT If they're bringing the Cosmos back then #SportingKC needs an alternate 3rd kit Spurs Uniform
Big weekend, time to pack up and move!
We don't nd 2 disrespect women 2 criticize them. Now, Ann Coulter...well, u might convince me! :-)
certainly would be a validation of his leadership/policies. I just want a new arena. lol.
Not fishy at all! You mean, because it's an election year w/ lousy incumbent, and terrorism is red meat issue?!? Oh, you cynic, you!
Time for screens and short dump offs. RT : The coverage downfield by the Giants has been great.
N/p The One I loved back then. One of the best songs ever
Cheeto's = #awesome!
“That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.”
yes, not for another year
Happy birth day Chuck Berry!
Think your multivitamin is all good? Watch out for fillers. They are equivalent to the packing peanuts used for mailing
Tomorrow is going to be a coffee 24/7 study at Barnes and Noble kind of day.
out of town tonight, but can be around earlier tomorrow afternoon.
i really really wish there was for blackberry
(founder of Internet Archive) giving talk, "Universal Access to All Knowledge" via Skype at
Next time!! “: Very sad to announce Jack is not feeling well, and the family will not be able to attend the twins game tonight”
I would marry every guy in one direction <U+E327>
That ice looked scared girl. I hope you were kind to it after you finished.
I'm going back to bed. It's too early to be up.
Meeting with Gwinnett Medical Center today. Discussing future plans for the Google Adwords marketing program. Program is producing results!
Your advice offered comfort and helped many times but I have not yet bought any of your materials
Hey Dennis! Trying to contact you regarding a Boot Camp opportunity. Can you please call me at ReelWorld...206-448-1518. Thx
-Seeing a couple and saying , "forget both of you , just because i'm single !" -___-'
*falls asleep with contacts on* *wakes up* *goes to take them off* *it feels like you're peeling off a layer of your actual eye* :(
It's 2:30 on Tuesday afternoon, what's your #energy boost "go to" in the middle of the day?
Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez now speaking to the press. Said there was tremendous evidence. Happy with the verdict.
cutting all my hair after graduation. cant wait to donate it!
well i suppose that's a start. did you at least crack open the cover yet?
What little I have goes toward my commute. $4 gasoline.
crazy marked the bush on Michigan Ave NE. That camera has been here for years. Private property and defacing our home!
where should i get cupcakes in LA without driving all the way to sprinkles?
Nah, I just pull my quad muscle every time haha.
Forever on my fly shit
Lol yeah.. no worries, you missed nothing.
I may just decide to stay single longer.... mayb another yr
¦ Books worth Sharing ¦ FICTION ¦ The Codex file [Kindle Edition] by Miles Etherton Michael Robertson’s family has been murdered to...
Would also check domaintools.com
''Omg, I'M SO sAD CUZ I MET DA BOY'Z LYK 10 TYMES MUH MUM ISN'T LETING MEH GO TO MEET THEM." Um stfu calm your tits. I Never Met Them. -___-
thanks for following! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
We are going to be mixing it the week of July 12th so it will be finished by the end of the month but i think we might wait
only 102 others? Sounds like a lousy game.
Chris: Knowledge of creating finding aids and delivering content through finding aids is increasingly more common
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
isn't it too early for a white lady with a sombrero to be making tequila cocktails?
Thanks for the RT! Get your votes in!
#nsn3DSaturday The movie was amazing! Going to see it again tomorrow! :)
congrats ! You've won the beauty kit from Johnson's!
#GirlHoeLyrics hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my pussy eat it maybe;) lol
thank you for trying to get to the truth. The laws must protect all of our children.
Tomorrow night we're playing at Coupland Dancehall We will be playing before our buddy so get there early if you're in the area!
We offer bulk discounts so if you do choose to start your juniors on products call the office to purchase for best deal
South Dakota State is the first NCAA Division I school to extend a scholarship offer to Sussex Hamilton sophomore Brady Ellingson.
The moment I've been waiting for since I got to europe. Off to florence! I'm coming for you!
Thanks for the tweet. Let us know if you want a demo of the GoingOn platform.
Chris, what is the latest on Trust me, the guy is still in phenomenal shape.
You have 9 minutes to get to the premiere!
RT Craving Jiffy-Pop popcorn and don't know why.
Anyone know of a car repair class for women in SD???
Thank you for the follow. Hope you are having a great day!
I'm not getting into that with you.
dude. im sick now! my throat is killing me
music video called cheekies tho, I'm done with earth
I'm glad you came JK
breakfast of champions and partyproofing
followed love :)
For our shows at Long Wong's in April and The Rogue in May we will once again be giving away free Valley Metro goodies, so come on out!
Do you need to hire Business Development Directors? One of our customers just did (within 2 weeks!) with one of our phone-sourced names!
email me i would like to be on the show im in atlanta ga
just stayin busy fe, text me tho. I'll hit u back wen I can
I'm happy you made it home safely
On my way home, cause early release!!!
#Script is almost done!
Happy Earth Day! Go for a hike, jump in a lake, get outside today.
I swear auto correct! Lol I ment welcome(: it corrects it wrong!
“: That's what we want! ” How long are u on tonight?
you may want to send an adult to the #Bing party. These children are slizzerd and need help. It's like a #sxsw frat party.
Where is everyone today!? Did I miss a holiday?
Down time after expo.....sad it's over till 2013
wen u say where is my such such on here dat jus means where u at on here not dat ur mines crazy lol..... I was Twitter talkn
Things to do when you have lost your internet connection: Open the curtains to see if anything has changed over the past 2 years.
where black people even wear Aeropostale.
The quiet meditation of ideas - describing the act of reading. Love it!
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
At another fitting for Vampire Dairies. It was great to get an email asking if I was available for filming. Filming is on March 13 & 14.
Nice next week for cleaning windows?
Is it just me or are the magic hands trying to induce more rally. Guess the pros need to get shorts off. These indexes seem frozen
can't wait to taste your chili. Pretty tad name
Hope to see today!
Just filled up at costco for 3.63! Winning!
Oh my God I will got my wish, I found my camera. it got reinstall into my laptop again, Thank God. My B-Day will be perfect after all!
CCPE wishes all of our students a happy, healthy and safe holiday!
ooking forward to Latin Grammy winning Salsa Legend--Lalo Rodriguez!! At the Conga Room--Thursday, October 21!!
look at the stars. look how they shine for you, and everything that you do.
is seeking a Chicago TW for a short assignment, writing assembly instructions for furniture.
Ate one hot dog and two hamburgers
dude it ain't Mickey D's... it's "Macdos"
The 3 C's of life: choices, chances and changes ~ You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
get some pork belly and you'll feel 1000% better.
The quote: "Genius Is Only A Superior Power Of Seeing" by John Ruskin remind me that we all have unique ways of perceiving the world.
gonna need those barens b4 thursday...
Samsung iCloud Competitor Will Apparently Debut Alongside Galaxy S I - Gizmodo Australia
RG3 is the bomb.... He'll succeed!
Trying to get a hold of my mentor seems like we are both very busy. Motivated to reach the best I can.
Happy May! This means it's almost time for the #ACLFest lineup! Yay!
#SignsYouLostAFight the person your fighting starts taking your jewelry..lmao
Getting ready for the weekly luncheon with
I love you too!(;
at least we are all pretty on twitter
i miss
Felicia Day thinks our web series is funny and cute "This web series about dog walkers is pretty cute!" (Cut to dog=instant comedy lol)
Yoga time
7d on the way
Don't conservatives ever get tired of hating everyone? It must take tons of energy to hate women, gays, other religions, and other races.
North Carolina bans same-sex marriage. Next step? Bringing back slavery.
proud of my Team tonight!
Im in it in it till the finish and a mistress that is fine like.a.fucking parking ticket
with a true Bob Dole moment referring to himself in the third person.
Serving size is same. Only thing I can think of is the toffee coating adds so much volume that you get less in the serving.
it's a great photo!
$15.00 Booster Draft starting at 2:00pm! Then onwards to FNM! Hope to see everyone tonight! Have a great day!
Eminem obviously <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
That OVO and that XO is everything I believe in, I know.
Headed to the Thirsty Armadillo in the Ft Worth STOCKYARDS tonight! Mike Stanley Band kicking the night off around 10:30!! Bring yer asses!
that's me on some psychic shit :)
Please RT "Social Problems" summer 1 is a great class- get done faster on a fun-filled, learning adventure!
Hey hey how are you
Leaving for a Big Party tonite! Fun!!!
denim on black.
happy brithday brandon
age is nothing but a number!!
For Event planners get your wristbands event and Custom Wristbands at NYC Printing 123. Custom Wristbands for events, parties and...
please follow me , I'm a fan of yours <U+E056>
We're always thinking bout you.
Well I'm thinking is losing out on a whole lot of money because was sent home.
She's got a cat tattoo and her dress is blue.
This week: the kids are fighting for the right to load the dishwasher. Next week: they'll forget what a dishwasher even does.
What about your life savings?
the first 5 People to come into Joe's today ONLY & Mention this tweet will receive a #FREE Cheezy bread with ANY purchase.
Learn to run and effective two minute offense when its time to up the tempo
Saw a really cool doormat written in French. In France do they have cool doormats written in English?
I can give you tons more details if you'd like cause it's hard with twitter limiting each message to 140 characters haha
Well yeah, the whole team has... But he was in the MVP race last year.
Too bad for CSU, but now rooting for Murray St. I think they have shot to advance another rd. #CongratsCSURams for making it this far!
Send me your resume and contact info and I would be more than happy to discuss!
Be strong, my friends.
New Life Class watching Courageous at 5:00 pm today! #pizza time
“The devil is a better theologian than any of us and is a devil still.” -- A.W. Tozer
Thank you for promoting my sister and her book. She rocks!
Dualities never really agree...they just have a symbiotic relationship..nothing more...nothing less; hence Love and Lust. Peace!
like reptiles.
*Hackneyed statement* looks just right
Cinnamon raisin bread & green tea to cheer me up.
no one cares what happened ... shhhhhhuuutttuppppppp
Deep condition your hair before a color
What is with the "I complete you?" There is but one source of completion for people and that is the Lord above.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
forgot about Halloween socks yesterday (was wearing sandals), so I'm wearing them today
:) lol yea maybe that could possibly, most likely. Less likely. Or will happen. Hahaha. Till then. Time will tell
It's Going On Now... Stop By! Http//www.IncredibleNetworking.com
Tax Season Update 3/15. More in, less done. Am waiting for those pesky amended 1099s. Odd how last month it was just the opposite.
I respectfully disagree, but will save this argument for dueling whiskeys.
didn't even notice ! Haha maybe it's cuz ur super quiet
The emergent of 2 creators who contribute to a paper is 3rd "band" that is the combination of the 2 authors
Iwanna go see the vow :*
Interesting avatar by the way, as I don't recall you looking like an egg at all when I met you... Times change I guess...!
Hi Pam - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Always happy to meet a fellow Tuscan Texan!
Any Waffle Houses up your way?
ok I will
Read to a Dog from 3:30-4:30. A dog's 3 favorite things: walks, pets, being read to by you! Bacon is probably in there somewhere, too.
Y'all would see I'm smiling
Yeah Betty!
LOL I know
CBS Chicago has chosen to our event up on their site. This thing is for real. So is your calendar. 26 more days, friends.
im listening! #Saysomethin!
- yeah, GPL not compat with AppStore - the Droid app had to be rewritten from ground* up in java #moodle *(pi:-)
boutta go over GM house
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 60.
Hahahaha it might as well be called that.
#mad social vs
This House floor debate on repealing a cost-control board in health reform law is heating up. Upton vs. Waxman in round 1.
thanks for the retweet. I hope someday soon we get to meet in person!
follow me?
#noidata viz1: conditional formatting, bar graph, line graph, scatterplot (for continuous values, not for time), pie chart, stacked bars
“: I LOVE YOU haha” awe so sweet!!!!! Follow mee and i will scream and video it and send it to you ;) jk
even out of character do you ever find yourself saying Bayyybe like Gunther? lol
Seeing as how you've got such a sexy body I don't think anyones going to mind at all Bunny! Wowsers!
okay you went a little too far now x)
and now one #Singoff retweet for Sara Bareilles too! “: Aw, man. Our little show needs some love. :( #SAVETHESINGOFF”
he's getting 13 punches from me already :D
Let's have an NL Cy Young to go with that AL award.
she's wanted to make cookies for weeks.
Yay! I don't have jury duty tomorrow!
somebody will be out of a job tonight
Welcome to The ABP Expo! "Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from 1 generation 2 another." G. K. Chesterson
they ae probably whole grain! :P
i took you by the hand, and we stood tall.<3
- 30 minutes into the concert & I damn near passed out. Taken during the Mikwaukee show on 8/14/11.
So true! RT : Klout is so bogus ... you go on vacation & your score drops 20 PTS ... Really?
What's the other game in the Final Four?
THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY!!!
“: Some people are so poor, all they have is money..”
Well hell yeah I miss my dime piece BIDDIES
“For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life." John 3:16
Homophobia is wrong... homosexuality is wrong... Lets start quoting bible.
Korean Running Sex Ring Nabbed
keep it popping in here
Those little phone calls mean so much <3
But HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone! I'm thankful for all my friends and family for sure. Excited to head to NYC very soon from Philly!
what if the pbl lesson is driven by sudent interests. The "p" in pbl can mean both project and passion
Hitting the road today & tour with Seven Day Sonnet starts tomorrow!! This is what we love! See you all out there!
oh... I thought you meant the corner ;)
Sometimes I just want to go somewhere where nobody knows my name .
President Obama's support for gay marriage is another example of how the Democratic Party is the party fighting for civil rights and freedom
Rt “ I don't "act black" enough for the black ppl and I'm "too black" for the white ones #storyofmylife”
Vroom, vroom! We’re giving away a Ducati Monster 626 at next week. Stop by booth #1117 to enter!
at least you are inside because it is so hot and muggy out. Have a good trip.
He is one of my heroes! When he popped up in The Conspirator, I screamed in the theatre!
why ridiculous??
Ewwww. School tomorrow!
haha - you really don't get it, do you?
yeah that grey can go with blue or red elites. And yeah the 4 are coming out in military blue fire red and black
I love working for ChaCha!!!
Wow, that was impressive, 108 yards... an NFL record!
So anxious to watch true blood 2nite and the dvr is set 2 record the vma's.
Loving this second half...KSU @ MU ..what a game.
In case u were wondering, I'm making it to my first summer class on time! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yay! It's our 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!! Let's make this year amazing!
that song is terrible, just terrible.
chillin' w/ da bestie and we #summertimefine!!! let summer keep on rolling!!!!
Deeply appreciated. Will do, sir. Likewise! ;) - the troublemakers
Well, welcome to Indy, Mr. Luck!
this weekend love?
are you going to the concert with us?
Anyone else tired of the rain yet? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I couldn't agree more
re: children's blogs: cecilia hogan ethics checklist: it it public? accurate? respectful? imp to cultivation? imp to secure gift?
DID HE GET A TICKET?!
who is everybody?? your other hoes??
I just tried to join a group and was told I had reached the maximum # of groups joined. I didn't realize that there was a limit. Has anyone…
we are in Stealth mode for now but will let you know when we have a beta you can explore.
Goodmorning world! Hope everyone has a good day today!
best show ever!
Happy Veterans Day & thanks to those that served for my freedom.. We live in the greatest country!!
Serves to remind you. Injuries happen at anytime. The likelihood of Rose getting hurt didn't go up in the last minute beyond the first one.
My bed at home >>>
Today has gotten more awesome with each hour. Dictionary went live, found an amazing haul of beachglass, warm weather & now Sarpino's 'za!
... Not creepy enough.
Happy Sunday all. Boot camp starts again today.... Yikes!!!
the profile pic is perfect!
"back" for second semester of grad school all the way from Sin City!
"Mean To Me" sounds so good on the radio right now! Come back and visit us soon!
Your income is largely determined by the demand for the thing you provide whether it's a product or a service.
Meeting today with Terry Alford of the Office of Cancer Health Disparities Research (OCHDR). (More...)
woah!! I didn't know anyone else listened to or even knew Dave Malillo
Im sorry I cant be as pretty as those other heartless girls
I mark out at it too.
Yep. ACL Startup party is on the list for today. See you there.
nope, he didn't apologize, didn't say anything. at least he didn't do anything too foolish, either
omg I'm in love! you just introduced me to my new favorite song...<3
we have so many #jonasFansProblems haha
The fight we had last night was my fault, my wife asked me what was on the TV and i said dust.
3 innings and 9 Ks not for Kershaw or Halladay or Verlander or King Felix, but Aaron Harang. And that's why we live baseball.
well good luck cuz I am still sticks on Maths.
08/16/2011 - Networking/Business Development Committee Speaker: Victor Varma, InsureUs Topic: Networking Like a Pro
follow me, i follow back(:
Acting and Spoken Word is popping, but I promise new music soon!
Thank you for the FF!
Are you coming to #Northtoberfest?
I just snagged an ARC of this year's edition - Alice, post-high school! Ah!!!
Everyone eventually leaves, willingly it unwillingly.
wait dissing who??
Done with work! Time to go hit up my favorite local spot! What are you doing tonight?
because im too lazy to get an ice pack for my knee i put my super cold water bottle under my knee... #FeelsGood #Lazy!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
i burnt my head with my hot curlers :-(
One of my coworkers does that cleanse--daily--and looks like Brad Pitt in Thelma & Louise. So frigging unfair...
Being true to God less about cautiously avoiding sin than about courageously & actively doing God's will. Dietrich Bonhoeffer
max & caroline meeting martha stewart in person.
RT : The universe is an expression of the Mind of God, imbued with the intention that all beings self-actualize. We can...
LOVE it!
Everyone has that one friend, who is perverted, you can say Anything and somehow they relate it to sex
I don't know of this is just me but I think Asian people are the most beautiful people in the world, seriously they are born and die sexy!
Gumer's 12 days of Christmas starts Monday! What are you looking forward to seeing?
.: Ever since learning how smell works, I can't help but think about all the poop molecules touching my brain.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." James Barrie
well OK best short film, even michael bay could probably only stretch that to a half hour
hey chica :) hope you're going home to IL for xmas bc that's where I sent your card! miss you.
#Twins have more runs tonight than they have wins this season. Not a stat you'd want to brag about.
My boy should be a true nigga and hook a brother up with some food
Totally late, but check out my niece 's sweet tat! Oh, you young'ns who give me hope for the future.
Came home to find our first wedding registry gift waiting for me! Not a bad suprise
42 days until Orlando.
Is that the app you recommend? I've been using PDF-Notes which is fine but nothing special.
I'm mean to repeat wrong numbers too :o)
To be honest I started to fangirl about #SaySomethin at 7 and I still am <3
It's going to be all about taking care of mum today <3
Rosemarie. Are you poking fun at Haley. U MOFO BULLY.
"RT : free tickets because I talk about still life like I work there.. Plus I'll Breakdance to set the mood right. "
About to make my first screencast for a client. Can't believe I've never thought of this before.
Happy Thursday! :)
So true! I am a Scorpio (DOB: 10/23/62) and that's the essence of my character...
I wish I knew how to make barbecue or teriyaki chicken. Where's is Mom when you need her? lol
just how it goes sometimes... ;)
what did we win?
I had Lucy last night. U r talkin bout the tranny hooker on Vine right?RT : Having my 1st Lucy's experience w/
Tell me by whom you are eaten, and I shall tell you what you will be.
I want to be in the Need For Speed movie. I have driven a Ford lately. Chevy is the King of the road. I've put it in D also.
RT : Canadian govt cuts to Stats Can, libraries & archives show they want to eliminate facts in policymaking, whether for or against
"Stewardesses" is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
Hello, Friday. Good to see you again.
im sick. Ill be okay. so rest will do me good
good point
My comment:- “we often say that ‘money’ is not everything but the fact is that there is nothing without ‘money’
#Angry. : WHAT TYPE OF SUPPOSE TO BE FANS ARE YOU?"
Michigan doc arrested for prescribing 5M doses of narcotics, $5.7M Medicare fraud.
i cant wait till step up 4 comes out!! how many times do you come out :)
Come on Caron!!
when?! AH it's going to be tough for me because I work all weekend and exams are next week :( then the week after that I
you need to start tweeting some more lol
the developer king of Bacardi mucho love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Oh yeah, it's a complete waste of money... Until you win $640 million! Haha
Google Analytics Social Reports Get Backlink URLs, Post Titles
Didn't someone write a post on momentum a little while ago?
Tired about to try to go to sleep, after iGet his phone call
R#pink if you care!
yeah. me too.
Just saw somebody try to hail a bus
Have you checked out our massage therapist yet??? What's keeping you? Heaven knows you have no stress, right?
what do u mean? please say more...
There's alotta girls on this bed
Well it's Haha I was being stupid and forgot to switch accounts. Lolol & nm, you? :) xx
im scarying myself..i dont get why i do this..
The notes never got down to Jackson and Barnett
yea but if u cut yes then I'll cut mine! ;)
Show your mama some love with our Mother's Day Gift Card Bonus!!! Get 15% more back on your card!
Yes, I'm delayed too. Ugh! Looks like I'll be hanging out at K4 for another couple of hours...Good luck getting home!!
Hopeful is good. We are, too! Can we get a 'heck, yeah!' for some economic boom times already?!!?!?
You were so clutch down the stretch in OT. Never a doubt. Good luck on Tuesday!
Nope, Talking Heads. Final answer.
flashblock in chrome no longer blocking autoplay of youtube videos on youtube. what happened?
Havent been on tumblr in a min
LOL. LET'S TREND ' Chris Brown is a Rusher ' !!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
I think i'll step out tonite after school! I deserve it!
I love my bicycle. I don't think I tell it enough.
Why thank you! Hope you found the examples useful - I know I need them on a slow day!
Nice!!! I should do the same RT I have decided that today will be my Friday<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Colds suck. #goaway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Just bought some sand and bricks at Home Depot - Now, that is some major "Manly" stuff right there. Wait, bought some flowers too. Dammit.
We had a great time at #suserviceday earlier today!
This hazelnut coffee is brightening up my monday morning! <U+2600><U+2600><U+2615>
Don your Phidippides gear & come cheer with us from the tent at mile 18 of the Atlanta Marathon this Sunday!
The pattern for Babe Ruth's bat is listed as "template #R43" in the Louisville Slugger's archives.
Made it to #socialbashORL... Lots of great people here like
DailyHookahTip#103: When using 2 hoses, if there's no built in one-way valve, the person not inhaling should plug the hose.
Nearly 200,000 visits to website yesterday! Keep staying connected and talking up #indy!
Congratulations Tiger! Clearing the past and making your comeback!
If you are over age 10 and your sneakers still have lights in them, you need a reality check.
now you tell us!
Marion Barber is doing God's work.
my moma just said that if she saw me crying for a guy shed slapp me and say 'i taught you better than that'...honesltyy i agree with her
Got to talk at the Graduate Methods session of #thatcampva, yay! Now, lunching and dork shorts (not an article of clothing)!
I wish I knew who that was! Haha
learning about polling at a conference. i want to stand up and scream "LIBRARIANS HAVE BEEN DOING THIS FOR YEARS"
Roger Waters: The Wall Live VIP Package sales will close 3 weeks prior to show! Exclusive VIP Party & VIP Tour Packages still available...
Oh, geez... maybe I was. I didn't open it.
Call me and Artist, because I draw attention.
It's the last day of #IRA2012!! What is your favorite memory of the convention? Share it with us!
Im in a deep depression state right now...please leave me alone..wouldn't be on deviantart for a while..
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything.6
I never got the question ;(. Talk to me goose!!!
My pancakes are better, but there's no tequila at IHoP.
#IFYOULOVEME u won't be a jerk
This year I'm thankful that the best WRs in the country play for Arkansas
Please tweet your followers to follow me and spread the word about my services. Thanks in advance.
Thank you!
Wrong place at the wrong time.
>>>New Avi is really nice :)
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing- that's why we recommend it daily.
Hope this is true. Dave Van Ronk is one of my musical heroes!
How was the chili cook off for #LLS ? I was sad to miss it. Did you win?
Gonna try online dating. Profile status- "Sticks & stones may break my bones but whips & chains excite me." Prob get real winners w/that.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Theta chapter at May 5, 1975. Happy Founders Day !
hey justin today is my birthday, can you please tweet me?
I gotta say, is definitely in it to win it.
are you done being mean?
Don't be a hater RT lol can i ask why this sounds like a novel idea to you?
Thanks for joining us!
I was in VA last week & the mountains are so colorful with foliage, the #wine was as crisp & remarkable as the #scenery!
Allison is in labor...baby Claire will be here soon!
I'm not sure what you mean, I shoot Canon (5D) and as long as you have the Composer for Canon mount, both optics work with it.
you have no idea how happy I am you followed me. I need this more than ever!
that particular one did because I had an error so I re-sent it. Usually only once- I use Reverbnation to post all.
thanks Eden! Love you! Tell your mommy I'm unhappy with her :) jk!
Wana puta stripper pole in my room
still remember that day
nothing yet. As soon as I know ...
Lovely story about RAF pilots buzzing sunbathers! RT : Cool!! Great way to spend the day :)
I'm funny
Cleared to run.
Thanks for tweeting!
Is there fun syracuse stuff I can just crash?
At the Cardinals game with the kids and the parents. :-)
thanks for listening homie!
y cause u ain't. Lol
oh you fancy huh lmao
Thank you for the follow!
same to u girl, hope u enjoy this next move!
Iona blowing the 25 point lead in their play-in game
hah. it's scenic. that's about it.
I Loved You, I Love You & I Will Love You.
bruised bone,pulled ligaments&I broke blood vessels so I have blood leaking in my hip<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>No gym for rest of the year!
RT : for the Signature event & I am readying my brain for the download! Great content & terrific speakers- 96°!
Love it! Gleaning insights w/ impact from data. RT : Professional potential indicator of effective sales person at Swarovski
I never got that text.
Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldn't have. And then I end up fucking with someone I shouldn't have....
HEY I JUST MET YOU & THIS IS CRAZY SO HERE'S MY # SO CALL ME MAYBE?!?! [; lol.
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneerof the future ~DeepakChopra
you're right about that! Love that place.
Who has a snow day today?!
Hughes&#039; struggles cap troubling day for Yanks - Error
contingency plan if IJ inexplicably doesn't get picked up?
Shear Da Beard!! ha ha We hope you had a great time! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Thank you! ": Congratulations and beat wishes to and on their wedding today!!"
Danish restaurant ranked world's best for 3rd year
I deserve it?! Well thanks aha. Omg dude you're just making me blush. I look like a tomato right now..
the last episode of EHM was good, but its a degraded version of its first season already...
yeah they r awesome
As always, thanks for the RTs! :)
you guys were amazing tonight! And you guys are so sweet:)thanks for coming out after the show & saying hi & taking pictures
Hey gorgeous lady, where you planning on attending Miss USA in vegas jun 3rd at all? I am dieing to go!! <3
Okay sorry guys but we have to report that Build Day is canceled and we will not have a Build Day this Saturday.
Yes they do! :) RT #BGSD knows where to hire the best interns, don't they?
Just a few days now until we will be serving our "Hill City Hots" from our enclosed food trailer...I'm saving your favorite Dog for you !
lol Ugggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I bored and I dht have a boo
haha.. just sayin..big game tomorrow.. catch those z's and eat your wheaties in the mornin! Gotta beat up Butler
#FF do-over (and a merry happy birthday) to !
We have to understand that we have to take the initiative if we want things changed. That's the game, so stop riding the bench!
it's all good :) just wanted to say hi since you said nobody was
We Miss You Selena.
Arrived in Warsaw mid-day, rainy and cold. Spent the day learning about the Musuem of the History of the Jews of Poland. Wonderful day.
it was refreshing not having it rain or be cold. Everyone seemed happier because of that :0)
beba, you inspire me. I hope my kids are as well behaved and smart as yours
I can't think of anything cool to ask you...
*snort* RT Happy 65th birthday too
exactly lol but it made me laugh
Someone is seriously playing titanic music right outside my hotel room. At 11:45. While I'm trying to sleep. K thanks.
T-2 is saying "You're the best Mom ever and don't you forget it !" lol ;-)
Yolo ; that's the motto , #gtfo you quote everything #drake says . it just means your a follower #be independent
It's funny hearing you bitch about some guy you liked when that was the same guy I had a couple months before you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> #theyneverchange tehehe
Special treat! private label wine – “A Voice for the Animals” Syrah will be available for tasting & purchase at the #ChocoTweetup!
Oracle Announces Availability of Advanced Metering Infrastructure Vendor Adapters for Oracle Utilities Smart Grid ...
tonight at legroom in da building! come in and get yo buzz on!
happy birthday to one of the most inspirational men in my life, <3
Best Jordans ever. The 4's are a close second. RT : Jordan cool grey 11's came out today! yea buddyy
im scared of kittens. LOL JK.
for lunch w showing Scarpetta!
ooohhh thought u was talkn bout me for a sec there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
ok I give up
Special Day @ Nelson house. 1st day the whole family works from home. Cool to think Asher wont remember mom or dad having 'go 2 the office'
how common is this though? I am sure Bo isn't the first or last to do this.
I can't see the emoji lol
I have a 3 for the price of 2 coupon. ;^)
where's mine? lol
Food Fact of the Day: April 9, 1850 William Prout died, he was the first to classify food into 3 main divisions - carbs, fats and proteins.
how the hell are you?!! :)
I love my sparkly toe nails! <3
“: “: I wish was here to turn up with me right now #Awol” Its not a party if Gibsons not there”
Money cannot buy happiness, but its more comfortable to cry in a Mercedes than on a bicycle.
Please email your idea to .
"I refuse to believe we live in a world where that mouth breathing walrus does anything better than me"
Bre you ain't call me !!!
don't sleep on them they in the playoffs for a reason and we need Chris Bosh
Hanging with before the show! Get to Sunshine Studios in CO Springs to see them play! Doors are at 6:30!
I know it's awesome
Damn, Amare is doing his best Run, nice chain and hat
RT : "Insist on yourself. Never imitate."-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Powerful time sharing communion this morning Shouldn't have waited 13 yrs to try it. Very moving experience for everyone.
Sounds fantastic!
Dim Mak Studios tonight, goals: punch a bro, sleep with a lebanese chick, meet a nigga i REALLY don't trust and give him one of my ex's #'s
happy Tuesday! What is on the agenda today?
you gonna try out next season?
thanks lady! Xxoo
RT Happy Monday Hatters! Your goal today? BE BOLD.
Make me your follow friday bitches!!!! X
prayers up boo!!!
Watching "Dancing With the Stars" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
aww yeah you is playing with the 17s yall lost bad??
This is the Nothing is ever right. ...but the rules are the rules.
good one for sure maybe u can join me and Kevin Werner in our ritual Thursday onion texting of best headlines
the WWL news blast had that too! Someone needs to proofread! (Phew, no typos:)
I can appreciate Kobe telling the truth and calling out his teammates
now that looks like a meal!!!!!! yum nomnom. nom.
I couldn't figure out whose it was. Can I go in and credit you? :-)
food coma.
good things come to those who wait :)
Best interview ever? just sang "It's Time To Party" to and me over the phone. See him on Sunday.
I thought you were wearing a headdress the whole time.
what should I do when I don't want to do anything?
and i knew that song before it was on the radio :(
I look forward to hearing the words "Minority Leader " and better yet "Former " (someday).
Ashley: "Tommy accepted my friend request on Facebook!" Me: "Tommy is a shitbag."
I just sent a big message out into the universe. I pray that it's well received and that people will be receptive. All I can do is wait now.
More than 10 percent of children between the ages of 2 and 5 are overweight, double the proportion since 1980!
Starting with the Outback Bowl. Football all day
Embroidered while she munched on a cucumber, of course.
I just lost 20 mins of my life at the Starbucks drive thru for a $2 coffee.
#BieberMemory at the concert, we were going up the escalator & i fell on it & everyone looked and starred. funniest thing of life
isn't it weird to think: she was 2 when we were living in Allison Hall. Time sucks.
Just started following you...hope your wife is okay.
GM Beauties! InnerQuote: "The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity".-Tom Peters
I just did. :) RT : Why don't you text me anymore?
lucky Hope your having a fantastic time !
Barkley in a dress for Weight Watchers, NFLers in Depends adult diapers. My fave PR rule: be controversial. Love brands taking a chance.
i just died of happiness :) made a pretty awesome weather girl. my night just got better
How could anyone dislike Dirk
": Ignore a #Scorpio and they will make sure you never forget them."
“: See you soon! RT Going to be headed out to the event today! Excited!”
q Legal and beautiful
Commercials so-so so far...wondering what's up with Tibetan fish stew
what about female team execs? Keep the focus on women and tell a story that isn't told.
I got a new phone yay me :D
So. I've decided that if I ever buy clothes. It will be only from banana republic. That's my shit. All day err day!
Hey, you've got nothing to be sorry about! Trades are part of the business.
For realz. I wish this was the only thing keeping me from running for office.
hit up for info.
TBS's Conan Blimp flying over Baltimore right now.
Romney commits to, before the decade is out, landing a man in his Swiss bank vault, & returning him safely to the US
and it seems the NYFG's getting their swag. cant be ignored....they will not be impacted by Lambeau much.
Let's go Rangers!
They were probably on an acid trip
Joe will be in West Seattle this afternoon, cleaning air ducts & 2 loveseats...
Hahahahaha. He must be going to the Delt house to see Turtle Man
I want a boyfriend.
IF YOU NEVER HEARD THE SONG HERE IT IS NEW POP SINGLE VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT AT CLUB ZONA LATINA THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!!!!!!
I love this month no drama Justin bieber boyfriend video Justin bieber turn to you! :D oh yeah it's Amazing ps I love that song turn to you
thanks Elizabeth! :)
Hello, my name is Monique, and I'm a coffee addict and I regret nothing.
i start my internship in the morning, too! good luck girl :)
Follow she follows back! :P <3
RobWay selected his twitter name b/c it describes #GOP Way= #GOP ROB from Americans 2 get Their WAY= #GOP ROBWAY!
Join me for First Thursday tomorrow in the Pearl 13th & Johnson with Extreme Training - Special Offers! #pdx events
they don't say it's more beautiful than usual, they're just slightly more likely to notice it
Baseball is the most boring sport....... Ever. #isitfootballseasonyet?
am i the only one not watching the steeler game?
"I stay cool & dig all jive. That's the way I stay alive." HBD to Langston Hughes (pretty much Uptown's first MC).
#hay #i #like #austin #carter #mahone #& #i #also #like #using #hashtags #cause #im #just #cool #like #that #you #jelly ;)
It's not a purse, it's called a satchel. Indiana Jones wears one.
RT YOU CAN GET SHOT FOR WHAT YOU WEAR? THEN HOW COME NO ONE SHOOT WHITE PEOPLE FOR WEAR CROCS
"Too many ontologies are created" like "too much is published". Best if many participants & good ways of IDing most valuable stuff.
If somebody tells you that you can't reach your goals, don't bother telling them you can, show them.
Since Ricketts sold Cubs' soul to Boston leadership, anybody know if they'll be serving baked beans at Wrigley next season???
two things in common. Zombies and we are both quality
I Swear i Have Bad Luck!
they're here...
srry i didn't reply back, i fall a sleep, how r u?
tix to what? gr8 org u have! we do the same thing 4 mentally disabled
I think #Twitter is trying to reinvent the wheel again because everything from Timelines to DMs is screwed up.
Agreed! :) " Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you."
So what did you think of it?
Would love to write songs with you <3
im bout to come up!
no, i don't. it drives my wife crazy.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know your voice is amazing! :D
If you want an independent Massage Therapist, but are not comfortable coming to his location, have him come to yours
Government's business is in governance, and ensure people get the representation they need. - Mofe Boyo of
Headed to Louisville. Meet me at Koinonia Christmas! Tonight 7p in HH. If you can help, set up starts 3p. See you there!
Bernalillo County Sheriff Deputies investigating fatal pedestrian accident at Isleta & Sanders in SW
I want a MacBook so bad now.
Will there ever be an end to music?
tell me who's there
Good job(: I knew you would! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Guys with thick eyebrows >>>>
Rom 4:5 But to him not working, but believing on Him justifying the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.
Cleaning my room. Bobby pins. Everywherre.
You're going to suffice in your own vagina . Yeah it's that big .
#Thethingis u complicate my life, u make me fall for u nd then u just push me to the edge
I wonder how will it taste.
Thanks so much for your kind mention. Hope you like my work. Dr. Doug
“: Srsly. We have problems in this country & these morons are asking whether Obama is a socialist. Sad pack of fools.”
respectfully disagree. Everybody likely wishes they had a 'do-over' at one point in their life.
ppl jus stupid nowadays
Join us at 9&11 am Sunday for the lesson "Now is the Time:God Given Opportunities". Lesson by Rev Pat, meditation by Rev David Belton,...
Bomb dot com
I finally ordered a Road ID. Don't have one yet? Do it now. Coupon ThanksChris5706423 saves a buck - valid 30 days www.RoadID.com
If you didn't know...Mammograms are now a part of preventative care, which means no deductible or co-pay cost with your health insurance...
8 of 10 succeed in that program.
you ate in one of my favorite cities! Don't skip the market!
Anyone else tuned into the press conference right now?
a! We <U+2665> u guys! If it wasn't for u, might still be d
Big sister has a new video!!! OMG, eff work, I'm about to watch this! lol
ha! Flip side: stopped txting some b/c they never txted back. When I ran into them they asked why I don't reach out anymore.
Anyone under 21 didn't get the relevance or know Zombie's entrance music
aww thanks so much :) means a ton!! you deserve way more subbers <3
NYT's Collins: Problems with education are evolution and states' ownership of NCLB. How about the 25 year failure to teach reading?
Then I can't come then. What are we going to do?
We're honored to host the BNI Mountains West Networking Group (Movers & Shakers Chapter), Wed, 12/21, 11:30AM to 1PM. Cheers!
The technology is a tool. Theories and principles are still the same. Need to adapt theories & principles to new tools
Why my old profile still da same
Thanks for the love babe!!! #MuPhi!!!
I'm on a mission #soexcited!
I think I found my happily ever after :)
why Ru moving
Happy Haitian flag day !!! Haiti stand up !!!
What's my name again?
“: #AGirlDeserves Your undivided attention. Don't ever take her for granted.” see what I mean... Told you
Just passed Brian Wilson on union street in sf. He was carrying a yoga mat. Fear the beard!
I need a therapist.
My phone has water damage and now I am using an old backup phone. I feel so antiqueted without a smart phone.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects
I read my horoscope and I can't wait to see what today bringsz
Completed my 4 1/2 miles on the trail and feeling good!!!
I don't have service on my phone right now :(
I love the aggregated congressional tweets one! What a great idea.
- just a messenger - i missed putting in the attribution
R.I.P. Whitney
So today in #DFW the railroad commission is looking to approve a bullet train from the D to H-town in 1hr hmm I wonder how it'll work
Dear people who question why girls go to the bathroom together? Hermione went alone and got attacked by a troll Haha i saw this and love it
who am I to crush any ones dreams ?
battle of the floppers next..
hahaha my sister adopted some girl's pet and the girl sent her a message about it so my sister added her.
I like your bedside comment from last night
you will never notice me or follow me back so sad :( thinking about giving up on you
I honestly don't think anyone knows how much means to me </3 I wish I could explain my feelings for this boy
This salad with 's chicken is incredible! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Yes I can.
- I LOVE Princeton too. Just everything about him makes me smile.!!!!!!
congrats on the re-design. keep up the good work ... love filmanthropy. looking forward to the fiction films.
M&A Tip of the Day-When selling your business, make sure your all your financials are in order. This will help greatly with due diligence.
Thanks a lot to for having me on in Baltimore to talk some #Caps on !
Flipped on & am happy to hear I'm less happy to hear the fashion-ignorant callers.
I'm wearing mr #Rams hoodie over them....no one can tell :)
RT if you like --- it's FREE pretzel day today!! Come to TCA for your pretzel!
3200 at 100/200-25a #wsop34. Dinner break in an hour hope I'm still in then!
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake!!!!
But I need pics of teachers randomly for the historian video :/
I can't be yo super man....
LOL RT "I need some pussy. Here kitty kitty"
We haven't had success with either (unless really small site), we migrate manually. We work on remote site (but both work well)
Really hope this happens RT : everybody drools over LeBron all year as he wins the #MVP. Then he never shows up in the playoffs
RT : Netherlands dep ambassador says women's rights not just nice to have but a global security imperative
#Caffeine #Addicted Best Thing Ever.
Shopping, heading to Clear Harbor RT hey, what are you and doing in waupaca today?
": I will always be a fool for the game I love !baseball !" U love cameras. U don't love baseball, be honest with yourself
where are you! L.a.?
1st audition of the year on Wed. Let's get it crackalackin'!
hell yeah bro.. I'm anxious
I love biology and thick rimmed glasses.
XD Oh dear. Should I be concerned?
No complaining... All smiles... Fuck I look like letting you bring me down while your happy... Fuck out of here
Final playoff game this weekend, GMEN V PACK. I would not be surprised if NY pulls an upset...I just can't pick it. Packers 44 Giants 24
#FlyMeToLondon so i could live there forever please
Tweeps - Do you know of any insightful school librarians I should follow on twitter?
Had a great weekend with my bae
AT&T says they cover 97% of Americans. I'm the 3%
Have you ever had a herniated disk?
#ThingsILookFor DAT PUSSY!! Ok not really..
We have a 6th sense for detecting the people who get hangovers ;)
It sure didn't feel that long - does that mean it's now Saturday? And I can go home?
is Standing up 2 Cancer: Friday @ 8pm on every network!
RT : was the 1st person in line for the iPhone4S in Las Gatos' Apple Store this am. Nice tribute 2 your friend Jobs! URock!
I'd really like to know what McDonald's workers think of coneing...xD
Jesse Jackson Sr. and Andy Thayer in front row at debate.
Zooey, do you really need to use Siri to tell you whether it's raining as you're standing at the window, watching it rain?
follow me ?
what, you're flying to Sea again? =D
“:doing great! It's been to long since I have seen you. We definitely need to hang when I come back to LA!
Looking forward to catching up with you at #ncte! I'm going to follow you around and soak up some wisdom!
Powerful lunch stroll with TU kiddos that've taken over Broad St. Can't wait to hook back up at Penn later
Im To Busy Sleeping Lol.
Free Open bar all day until 5 at Karma lounge 5th/congress. Spread the word! Open to the public! Free massages from 2-5pm!
says Mary has a "tender loving ghost"
The daughter has YET to settle on a costume 4 2nite. The son's waiting to the very last minute at which time he'll throw something together.
More girls talk dirty during sex than guys.
New Specials, Chef has put together delectable delights featuring the beef burger (The Bonanza), turkey burger(Georgia) & veggie(The Lydia)!
never thought I'd say this but I actually wanna go back to school (I miss JJ and Blaise)<U+E413>
oh no. Like.. ass in your face?
yeah just have them put it in a plastic bag like the Canadians do.
Good thing I'm not sleeping tonight. I'll keep one on the yard.
my last night as a 21-year-old, gotta celebrate like one
Feel better soon, sweetie!
Hey Guys! It's great to see some new followers! :) <U+2665>
Good luck to at the Pam Am Games in Brazil!
Fuck everyone that left the #Brewers game early. Don't come back. We don't need u
Yup. It's happenin. You have no control over it. You will now forever be known as, "Gorilla Girl".
the bomb
Cheer loud when you see the most amazing ArtWalk "float" at the Coast Guard festival parade tomorrow. Unique is an understatement.
Listen at work today. More tickets up for grabs before 6pm!!!
Veep! Starring Julia Louis Dreyfus. New HBO show.
1963 - Peter, Paul & Mary win their 1st #Grammy for “ If I Had a Hammer”
Summer and art: what's the best way to get two things together?
I know, right?!
Ready to get off work and get some grubb.
She Snapped:DD
when twitter says what's happening it reminds me of zayne vas happening?
i honestly don't know how you live with yourself. you're the piece of shit for saying that to who is the nicest
Go for the Spanish Fly. One of my favorites :)
Santoromentum?? Please stop,
2 an a half men....the best in sarcastic comedy!!!
Happy veterans day
There is a twitter war going on in Turkey right now, intertwined with twitterbots sending random tweets to be famous
. story about Zach Tomaselli retraction went viral because of the power of social media -
LMFAOOOOO one of my friends say that I pack "guns".... AND HE'S A GUY! XD I didn't know I hit THAT hard or I had muscles. I never noticed...
The Zingaro is on UNM campus right out side the student union building, so if your on campus stop by and get a great lunch!
Good news for the guys : is debuting Tower 20 beer tonight at 5. Get out of the office and go across the street!
How many points did Patty Mills need to win the scoring title?
Funny- because its true... RT : ": I hate two-faced people. It’s always so hard to decide which face to slap first.
jp... It should go both ways... If you aint satisfied wit whatchu got
maybe I learned Lisp too early, no matter how amazing a language I'm studying I know it will never match Lisp's beauty and flexibility
Why did I text her FUCKKKKKKKKKK
Congrats to the Coyotes! Hockey history was made. Very cool!
Pretty sure I just heard someone on ESPN Radio call it "Chez Ravine". Is this some new French bistro next to Dodger Stadium?
cuz #ravens know they stink at it: Doss, DReed, JHarper, Marcus Smith, Demtrus Williams, MClayton. Why waste another pick?
you're cute ily
RT : when we empower our students to lead (and give them room to make mistakes) that is when we're truly serving them.
At cookout y da hell dis person taking so long to order! Ugh
#MilwaukeeDictionary Victims: Victors popular lounge on Van Buren often filled with thirsty cougars who prey on younger men.
Yeah its a straight steezz
its so hot.
And winter break has begun! More time with family and more time on the court
Thanks #Follow check her out!!
lol its ok. He can troll my dreams any night. Yawns lol
Nice glove save by Nabokov with 25.2 left in 1st period.
I forgot I had my glasses on.. I hate blind tanning!!!
Your problem is you're... too busy holding onto your unworthiness. ~Ram Dass
Oka everybody understand this.. Just because you see a light skinned girl and boy together does not mean they are brother and sister.
Ur slogan's so #winning haha
I have never had WHATABURGER :(
finally at gate. jeesh. now five hour flight. will be exhausted and it will only be 130 pm there
Dave and Adrian do not want to hear my rant on how great, Great Wraps is.
Just told a worm with low self-esteem that it look really nice today. It blushed, then passed out.
That's cuz the beach ppl know what's up RT they went awesome the beach people like me
God bless America. RT : America's Funniest Home Videos has been on for 23 years.
How is MONDAY treating everyone?
Just had a lovely visit with some people from NY! Hope they decide to officially submit a recipe for our Drink of the Month contest.
And another chance...
Get some social skills with #socialfluency before your next event or night out
If we get Bennett and UCONN transfer Oriakhi we should at least have the overall #2 class if not the #1 for the 4th straight year!
Bout to get dressed then off to school
how old is she?
"I thank you for this pen and ink ammunition. Thank you for the inspiration."
CAN i have ur gamertag??? PWEEAASEES? i got all the new zombie maps, plus im like 4th prestige! :D
no idea actually what do u suggest
I don't follow racing, can they start the race after something like that? Seems the heat would damage the track.
So unbelievably tired right now, with a few hours to go.
Expect some new tracks to be dropped in the next couple days off our upcoming EP Travellers, and get ready for
I guess were all as fucked as we should ever be than. I say embrace it...
"what restaurant isn't farm to table?"- Thomas Keller. Um most of them are not. I don't agree with this flippant dismissive response
Thanks Sammy!
good morning meteorologist
Abandoning run | For now anyway. Seems wise. | But then.... holding call! |
Playing a little #CallofDuty #MW3 while we wait for The Big Bang Theory to start.
Decided to wait until now to begin travel to #stallis. Waiting for traffic to die down, FTW!
Picked my mom up from the train station... So tired
Britney is still sexy for her age, STOP! Lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
preciate the words of wisdom..no ones too good advice
wants to know what is your favorite #popcorn flavor. Give us a shout and you might see your favorite on the Popped! truck.
for WTF Wednesdays. $1500 bucks up for you including top pay out of $1000. Everyone is invited.
are you bullet proof?
College students, start your Summer off right... come hang tonight Awesome worship & preaching, Jesus + Krispy Kreme
Tweet Tweet?
DS: George Zimmerman was wearing a Steelers jacket when he was released on bond. Figures. Fuckin' Steelers fans killing people...
I have just discovered that if you mistype "to get" in just the right way, autocorrect makes it "Tibet" Not even close.
I've got family obligations and Pebble is several hours from me, what about coming to S.F. for the US Open?
Who dat second half
I'm About To Break It Off With You . Cause I Can't Take The Bullshit You Put Me Through !
My dog is hardcore judging me atm.
Thanks - Looking forward to your updates!
Call to the post
* mass producing tutus*
Noted! Thanks.
Innovative men. Entrepreneurial spirits :
Ur so busy saying why?...but I'm thinking why not.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY! =D
That fast lyfe ain't it! Specially if u ain't bout dat! Do somethin positive n focus on bball or football or somethin! Straight up!
Q: How do evangelicals react to politicians who wear that religion on their sleeve?
W00t soon to be Mr. Kate! Hurray.
why are we moving? is the house haunted?
I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's.
Memphis Music Monday is at it again! Join us and the Memphis and Shelby County Music Commission Monday May 7th for a night of live music!
Food Fact of the Day: March 15, 1980 McDonald's debuts Chicken McNuggets in Knoxville, Tenn. They are so popular a 2nd supplier is needed
hahah people would be like who the fuck is this person
RT "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." - Abraham Lincoln, 1809-1865
RT : This lady just asked me, "Why do the Wynn and Encore look exactly the same?" Why?? Because they're both strip clubs???
I have been eating everything I can jajajaa;)
Oh right, I've actually done that before, but it was called something else. I couldn't tell if it helped me or not
First Degree Murder , You Can Get Yo Degree Motherfucker .
going with sonic boom nail polish... maybe it will help motivate me to get some homework done on a sunny spring day ;)
wow! two giants coming together. How much per latte? $20? haha
Congrats #Rangers. Anything that allows me to look at Lundqvist in HD is ok by me.
www.SaveTodayCentral.com is here for you! The best one-stop site for all the daily deals in Oklahoma City. Click and find your savings!
oh okay,that sounds great!
but I have cramps all the time 'till like the 4th day
How many ppl should I expect want to join in a Google+ Hangout tomorrow 1 pm about #mhblogday? Trying to keep expectations in check.
I'm bad at lit.
if it were Jose Canseco bobble head day I would consider. This is good though.
Someone asked billionaire Ricard Branson "How do you become more productive?" His answer, "Work out"
we're load testing for LanDiego :P
Narrating our adaptation of JC Superstar at Peace UMC this morning
In a good way or a bad way? RT Reidy My bedroom smells like a bowling alley
I don't know, but he had enough attitude to make you think he's been at it 50 years! He mellowed out after a bit, though.
I am so not ready to focus on baseball
Join us tomorrow beginning at 11am for $1 Street Tacos! Beef, Chicken or Veggie - all proceeds benefit the Whole Planet Foundation!
I'd like a large pizza. One slice pepperoni. Once slice cheese. One slice...
yuck I'm watching up haha have you seen Nathan's new video?!?! Omg so cute
I told her she was extra, then she got mad and walked off back to her register and baged this lady groceries. Smh
Moms Cooking Next Door To My Room In The Kitchen And She Has Acuyuye Blasting #AlguienAyudame -____-
News Leonard, Chappell tied for Disney lead Justin Leonard chipped in three times for birdies in a span of five holes to hel
You're Gonna Look So Beautiful Ari!! (: xx
Ready to get the fuck out of Intermediate School. -_-
yeah.. For
Literally had that exact same experience just now.
I am disappointed since Channel 55 no longer airs Jeopardy at 5:30 PM
you're not the only one :c
I don't like being home alone!
Thanks for the RT. ;) Miss you guys!
Ah ha
That sounds about right.
Thanks for coming in tonight!
Mines not its amazing, but like a cop if youu try to stop ull have to taze me......uh!
You're our 700th follower!! Congrats! Will you be able to attend #bloodybrunch on Sunday to pick up your prize?
tea and company
Watching #RAW :-D
Just watched LONDON TO BRIGHTON. Its a dope bt crazy movie.
I hate crying.
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, no...
Such a sexy song. #nowplaying bloodstream by
Just visited your site, Lovely! So exciting for high schools to provide this kind of experience. Break a leg!!
Do you know when? I'm driving back from Jackson, MS this afternoon...
5 free doughnuts from for Drew's A's today!!
and so are you!!
I hope you win that jean jacket on !
Carmelo just tied it, now he'll end it
When driving down the road of life, rarely do you know how good you have it, until you see it in the rear-view mirror.
why thank you...how is the #knee?
God’s power can change things in a heartbeat, in the twinkling of an eye, before you even know it, in a split second, God can do a miracle.
Next up on social media analytics. Looking forward to this presentation as I'm still not used to the new Google Analytics
Sprint burned my ass,now im back to straight talk! I dont have to worry about bills!
In past few months I have gone thru a roller coaster of changes, big challenges in my life. After a cloudy season, skies seem clearer now.
hahah that's cool :) what kind of phone did you get?
potential new bandmates to audition this week- stoked w/ fingers crossed!
hahahaha no you legit don't
what are u doing?
Hope everyone is off to a good Monday!
Today's Feature: Fried Chicken Sandwich w/ bacon, LTO & roasted red pepper spread on brioche bun Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
Did you know a Living Wage is good for the local economy? More $$ in the pockets of residents = more customers for local businesses!
puhhhlease back me up on this.. school food was THE POOP! Every time sum1 brings it up I think of u, we loved it! lol
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for kids with ADD/ADHD can help the whole family handle the disorder.
can you imagine the chaos? German shepherds barking. Kids crying. Sounds like something from Nazi Germany!
Stomach on full
Bride told me the only single guy at her wedding will be her 4 yr old nephew. I hope he likes my dress.
Do people in Mexico celebrate the 4th of July the same way Americans celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
Great #Doodle for Charles Dickens 200th birthday today (did you need a link to google?)
When your <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>has "°" that symbol and you know your fucked<<
David Ortiz will stay in Boston after accepting arbitration
not if Denver signs Manning
Is it positive or negative you be the judge
good luck! you can do it!
And I'll be here by the ocean just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams.
thank you dear
please follow me. My day has been terrible. Hopefully one good thing might happen today.
Oh Emma Stone looks so incredibly glam - love her dress!!
That looks very cool! ;-)
Hi there. Your best bet is to call the hostess to check on cancelations. We hope to see you soon! -Rachel (Stanton & B&E)
the oyster inside of me is deadd
Thank you. Nice to see you here at the studio for
Let ya next move be ya best move.
thanks for sharing Francis!
Networking 101 should be a required course.
It's not the situation that determines the reaction,the steps of a righteous man are ordered by the Lord,,so you and God got this.
Hope not! All this spam is incredibly annoying
Can't wait 2 see y'all in Houston! : Happy
For those of you who said "I wish people would celebrate Jesus the way they do MJ," until I see Jesus moonwalking across my TV, no deal.
#Chiefs Romeo has such a calm and decisive presence in press conferences. He knows his vision for this team and how they will get there.
Oh my... RIP Whitney Houston :( the greatest. She was in an elite group of singers. I love you.
no she doesn't.
hahah... Today was probably the 3:30 day? I don't even remember when I told you that ;) Can we share the assistant?
#quote "Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action." ~ Benjamin Disraeli
People are going to smoke weed regardless.. The government Might as well make it legal and make money off that shit
Off to off-season baseball practice
Switch to the plain text editor for videos. Rich text always auto embeds unless you force in a hyperlink.
No problem!
To be in the medical field is cool; to be in law school is tough; but to be in the world of art is beautiful.
bible cn b a good tool 4good or evil (judging/manipulating) let's be mindful that our conscience is the best guide.
Rangers showing some heart in Denver tonight...
My mother is Officially A Chef :)
don't forget about sword boy. Unless he kills himself..... He did fuck up
a lot of people don't got to jail for murder, & no one knows what he did to make him kill him
Unruly 3.5 year old+being late=ugly Mommy.
so we drive in 5 min to the airplane to dresden,from dresden we fly to Frankfurt and then to New Haven :D :D.
White males get kicked around too.,mostly by white females. It is UNFAIR to WHITE MALES .Nobody gives us a break, we are always the bad guys
.... no RT : People who drink stink too.
be ready to toss the ball around
Sometimes my parents piss me off so much
umm all week?are you working on your birthday? whatever day you're not we are doing ALL of those things. I don't even care.
Hey, the click is ticking on our meetup, huh?
I HATE THUNDERSTORMS.
So sleepy and hungry
RT : if I should have a part 2
Referring to Caleb Brantley?
,and I learn daily from following the great relationship gurus that YOU are
Medical emergency in the stands 1.6 to go lakeland ball when we resume
The 3 religions in which both members of a married couple are from the same religion are: Hindus (90%), Mormons (83%), and Catholics (78%).
Sunday= laundry day ^_^
lmao! you'll get used to it!
Actually, thank YOU!
going to bed mad is the worst
So, I think tomorro I'll be posting some new videos =) hehe
im finna bust threw that window..lol nawl j/k
Follow me on Instagram
No, go away please.
Bubba will be an instant star if he wins.
follow my hubby team follow back 2012 aint over its just the beginning
like the new avi
Grateful to our US House and Senate staff for continuing to support our & priorities at DC visit.
not me. don't do it. i know you're thinking about it, but don't follow me! i bet you can't accept that challenge(;
Go see Hobo With A Shotgun and Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins.
Can't wait to film Multi Ethnic
maybe another KY broad and lick you again. KY is a special place.
:) thanks ..& thanks for listening & encouraging me
if you're in NYC, they have a copy of the book in the NYPL and FIT.
Happy Friday everyone! Feels good to be back on the #FF bandwagon!
so frustrated right now #CantDeal omg!
i KnEw ALoT mORE tHaN u ThOuGHt i DiD FoUnD OuT ALoTtA ThiNgZ u THoUGhT u HiD
happy birthday austin i would of said it earlier but i was cleaning. i hope u have the best birthday ever <3 u
which article?
"Fixed' information literacy vs relational information literacy
I took a nap at 5 and woke up at 10 oops
All our notes are yours
not for Miami....night to eat outside
chillin getting ready gonna go spin at cafe 787 ....I was talking to ur bro about him getting me in DAMN
You know what I'd like to see? RDA training that isn't presented as a compare/contrast with aacr2. Bring in new metadata specialists!
who did you meet? Was it Snooky?
still high from lastnight,cloud 9, chilling wit mad dikes,in the dark fucking with flashlights
I think so haha
yes,getting older, gage, my sister, rich, myself, dogs, little Cesars, pb&j, davinci, committed,
i want kim kardashian
Your getting audited! Lol
#FF modeling wizard
You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind.
Hey and can we make #alternatepurposesforthe223project a trending topic?
Deleting my endless amount of pictures from Legas Vegas just so I can get all these pictures of parent daughter on my camera
When setting up a blog, consider your audience. Keep your posts on topic and packed with good information. They'll come back.
This will definitely help. It works out because with the VA his is all covered.
Valentine's Day is around the corner. Guys, what do you prefer, a Bikini or Brazilian wax?
Not a fan of David and Rachel on #AmazingRace. Talk about toxic relationship under pressure.
Do you people have such bad cases of ADHD that see need to do the wave and Journey sing-alongs while they set up the fireworks?
I don't like the person who picks out your rags it sucks !!!!
Hunt: got caught up in being "even-handed" when 90% of atrocities being committed by Serb army.
Sprint subscribers may be seeing the Galaxy Nexus LTE debut on April 22 a leaked document says. Anyone have Ice Cream sandwhich installed?
a beautifull freezing Thursday in Dallas..have a wonderful day people!!!
Thanks for the follow. I'd love to chat sometime.
Why are my friends so old! We are already in for the night!
negative ghost rider.
Yeah, I know isn't for the band formerly known as Group of the Altos. I'm expanding their brand, kimoslobee.
Why Is Ari So Beautiful? (:
I wanna name this like BeliebInMahone or something but there all taken. Any ideas.?
Thanks for the head's up! We're taking care of the issue now.
bon voyage + don't forget to write! xo
yes sir! We got that win. Good shit team
I'll come!!
What special things are you doing for your #pets this #holiday season?
Had such an amazing time with everyone at Craftacular today! Xoxox
Or this grinder just really good
man people crazy
I just finished the 4th season of #TheBigBangTheory and can't wait for what's next!
Less than 31 Days to the Amazing Milwaukee Race #3!
Getting my Twitter page setup.
Ditto RT You Do????! Awesome! I wanna sign up for that! :)
#coldplayonidol is good.
just saw never say never for the second time.....it was awesome....justin bieber is so talented......love him
no prob & big shout outs to Rocco & his beautiful wife who made out night extra unforgettable!
I am all kinds of sore this morning... No idea why. I don't like this.
A Web site titled “The Pi-Search Page” finds a person’s birthday and other well known numbers in the digits of pi.
I wish these folks would shut up about Zimmerman..he has been charged and made bond..none of y'all woulda even made that bond
hey i just wanna say thanks for being bold and your song "i choose jesus" has been awesome for me in this transition i'm
This may b the only time I may cheer 4 Kane this year
Yes, a celebration is in order! And celebrate you will. This stress/frustration/anxiety? Not normal state of affairs:
I have the worst tan line ever.
Show Jersey why you're the #ComebackCats !! Wake up and win those power plays!!
Lawmaker Demands DHS Cease Monitoring of Blogs, Social Media
You betcha, can never get enuf Back to School advice! RT : Thanks for the rt
The best way to learn somethin is thru experience. Soo imma let you go thru the pain....
I took another month off twitter and today I googled me and saw dozens of my tweets coming up and got all nostalgic... Happiness is twitter
Just participated in a tagathon on Flickr with help from & (I'm laptop-challenged; thx 4 patience!)
i haven't had a proper conversation with you for ages
that pic is hilarious thoight and we would like to make it up to you with a free eat cheap week meal on us tomorrow!
Still not caught up w/ this season, & I hate to say it but so far this season of #VampireDiaries isnt as impressive as the 1st 2.
Panther is a MUST!
So glad you agree! :) Any tips to share?
you got it gurl :D
Is it just me or have u noticed in the gym; no one ever smiles? Just all serious.
Hello Spring...I have missed you! :)
just had lunch with dad at a little chat with Stan and Ryno, told them they have to win tonight!
This liquor got the best of me.
On to equal rights: Fletcher says he supports equal rights for all people. Filner agrees.
I'm the shit. Too bad your brain hasn't filled that large skull.
Now Rugby and lacrosse season has started...my son is officially on an Xbox diet. Yay!
#shutthefrontdoor how drunk were you last night?
Its Wednesday already. Half way down the week.
The Giants win the Pennant! The Mayor (Bloomberg) proclaims Souper Bowl Week in NYC--Mon,Jan30-Sun,Feb5--in honor of our soup for the needy.
From now on, I'm going to refer to shitting one's pants as "shooting bogey."
what is lol
HEY CAT THIS IS REMINDER TO TAKE YOUR OWN ADVICE ALRIGHT.
When did she say that? Sounds like an interesting speech
Let's thank our sponsors w/ tweet love. 4 their help in making #jinglemingle happen. We can't do it w/o U.
Aussies face German Davis Cup challenge Australia will face Germany in Germany in September for the right to return to the Davis Cup worl
I'm going back to DePaul in the fall
How do you keep a straight face on camera when Santorum says something like "America works from the BOTTOM up"?
Definition? RT : Word of the day "BACKSLIDER" LOLOLOL
Milo ! May list na ba sections ?
I wanna interview U RE: UR upcoming country album on my radio show on Froggy 104.9,Frankfort, KY, who is my contact 2 set it up?
love this photo
Aye Aye Aye Aye !! Leave Me T'f Alone Chick !!! Damn !
Cat nap in the grass at the St. Paul campus. Z
Practice tonight! Yeah!!!! A.M
let me follow more people!
Haggaaaaaa..."you wanna date?"
I have a sure fire 1st ballot Orioles Hall Of Famer, Brad Pennington. Can't wait for his plaque, place it on Eutaw Street.
you're just jelly.
Fish fry Friday everyone!!! Come down and enjoy this beautiful weather on our awesome patio!!
Hey! follow me for amazing healthy & delicious snack ideas!
RT : -- / I hear you make those drums sound pretty dang good too. // it doesn't take much!
But I love her so much
hahaha. Thanks sloth
Say somethin, 'cause your driving me crazy. Say somethin, 'cause you're driving me wild! <3
If you love her, let her know. if you don't then stop acting like you do. We Girls don't like to be mind fucked -__-
Best interview questions for candidates to ask. Number two: How would you describe the culture of this company (or organization)?
One of the #GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime has got to be the "Black" album by #Metallica Also have to put #Nirvana "Nevermind" and #Pearl Jam "Ten"
Have to give a shout out to my new follower @ Anyone who has "All hail Nutella" in their profile is a friend of mine!
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading." Lao Tzu
The Diva conference has begun at Liverpool Hope University!
Mail Masters is looking for a marketing and printing sales executive in the Denver Metro area. A highly variable comp plan provides for unc…
A promise among friends means never giving a reason why. #Friends <3 it
I Just Did The Fainting Trick., I've Been So Tempted To Do It Since Tai Told Me About It. It Hurted My Head.! [I Love My Gf <3]]
Went shopping w. mommy <3
Both my parents got bitten by cats, So did I, too bad my brother didn't get bitten by one. Lucky boy
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
KEWL! I just logged in for the first time in months since I had a social media expert doing for me till now.
Stand by what has been spoken to you by the Lord... Regrets will quietly haunt you...Stay on the fight. and watch God work!
A quick cleaning session can do wonders for your sanity :) it's worth it!
THAT WAS AN INCREDIBLE PPV! IM SPEECHLESS RIGHT NOW! I ACTUALLY GAINED RESPECT FOR CENA!
no gala, but will be at afterglow!
The Banana Pudding Milkshake from Chick-fil-a is ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE!! It is now a #Musthave everytime I eat there!
sounds and looks delicious
Hope God bless me with a job this summer.
&#39;s, I hate your shamrock shake commercial.
I only respect Celtic fans as much as that pains me to say
Excellent! Glad we could be helpful!
I'm ready for the best summer of my life idk about you?!
Wow, haven't gotten on here in foreverr. Well hello (; how are youu?
Bensimon: Equity would rise if we remediated university culture in relation to students of color
If you break rules you should pay the price.
Rasta color braces
how funny I was just thinking " man I wanna read tweets" i look & your the first one :)
Awesome! RT : I'm going to take a different path. Shout out to for schooling my daughter!
So what am I going to SMELL TONIGHT? Drama, Mama Jokes, Love Birds Talking, Scary Story's, News, Hot Topics... hum.....
We found dove in a soap less place
Looking forward to some fun shoots with some fun cuties in San Jose from tomorrow through Sunday :)
Confession #8 I always has low self esteem growing up lol I'm serious
Learning a lot at Advice Straight Up Follow Up! Thx and Rob Sniffen!
Anyone could go tonight...
I love Remember the Titans!
Hm... Its taking a while to find our luggage... Uh oh
Learning about GoDaddy's Quick Shopping Cart
is on a quest for soup dumplings! To Arcadia!
What's the etiquette for picking up the phone when you have caller ID? Do you greet the caller by name or pretend to be surprised?
SEO dreams vs reality - Most companies have KEY PHRASES that if TOP RANKED would fulfill marketing goals but they can't afford the SEO cost.
Oxidative phosphorylation. That's what I have to study this week...giving up is tempting. Lord help me.
My hair is gettin out of control
ur welcome we should get to know each other:)!!
haha- we'll see what we can do... RT : Planning on livetweeting from the stage during tomorrow's show, huh...
I love you all!!!
The two NYR series illustrate why home-ice advantage is still critical in the playoffs. If last night's game were in Wash, who knows.
#21 craziest thing u have ever done?
not having classes or finals for three days in a row>>>
Did anyone get to see the sun today?
It's Heating up in Breckenridge! Ski the Slopes is around the corner-it'd be a great Valentine's Day Gift! Couples passes are $198 til 2/17!
If I pull your hair it means I like you, especially if you're naked and we're having sex while I'm doing it.
What is your favorite type of music to listen to #RockTalk?
We do it Straight like daaaaaat, get money straight like daaaaaat.. who want it straight like daaaaaat..2 CHAAAAAINZ!!
it the party crackin out there?
If for some reason our mediafire link dosent work for you, you can download our demos on the "bandpage" tab on our page!
ah those were the days!
great event. Great event and great space and service!
Imaginary friends lol
Is this the start of #bikeschool rerun hour?
When Justin says swag in his song<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
yeah her voice on this song & the beat will go with it lol
“It is not the mountain that we conquer, but ourselves” ~ Sir Edmund Hillary, the first climber to reach the summit of Mount Everest
Ha! Wow.
OMG. THE NEWS JUST PLAYED BOYFRIEND!!! MADE MY DAY!! & then they're showing contestants for a Bieber-off!!<33
Oh wow I'M LH!! Ha! ": Left-handed people are more likely to be schizophrenic."
only we can look good without a man by our side:) we legitt:) #bruhh we are a boss
lls shut up
Congratulations! And thanks for sharing your experience, and insights, with all of us.
Thanks for the shout out!
Shouts out to my new listeners from Spain, Hungary, Thailand & Romania!
And to top it all off, it looks like I'm gonna be out of town all next week due to work...grrrrrrrr!!
I sware I have a eatting disorder... I eat to much!:/
Thanks for all the RT's
I love u jasmine follow me #1 jasminator..!:)
FL Children's Hospital here we come, with breakfast!!
lmao. Don't you put that evil on y'all, Ricky Bobby...
#YouMightBeStupidIf you take things from T#*@$r (secret social network) & put them on Twitter & Facebook Fake T#*@%es you know who you are
Lily Allen Perhaps?
A quickie is not so bad tho
There is free wifi available. We'd love to provide WiFi to MLA attendees, but registration $$ would be expensive.
I should've just stayed home today:/
I forgot I was still mad at you -___-
you got it dude :)
I'm glad you were finally able to get your wishlist gift
Sonic in gallatin 3 cokes for $6 and ours is only $3 at home! I don't understand <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Oh the Oscars briefcases with the winning envelopes are walking the red carpet!
because we were fighting when you tweeted that
RG3 signs endorsement deal with Subway. Who doesn't love to eat fresh?
oohhh thank you very much . I wish the best for you too :)
Dominant political will in Europe will force the periphery to abandon the Euro or their sovereignty.The 2 are now almost mutually exclusive
What's your managers information? For bookings?
"how did I spend $60" haha
Looking 4 female part-time massage therapists and/or estheticians 4 a wellness center in NW,DC. DM 4 more info
Dear#Netflix, thanks for the rate hike, I've been meaning to cancel you and your aggravating home page for a while now.
Thanks so much for buying "Incomplete Passes", Elisabeth! I hope you enjoy it!
Thanks to Outlook and the #PLA2012 app, I have never been so organized (or known that I was already so overbooked) for a conference!
Gwyneth Paltrow....AMAZING!
thanks for the #ff!
got a site for you to watch football on
I'm with you. We longer have news. We have politically charged opinion and celebrity gossip. Nothing like a fat, dumb electorate.
my mom comes in my room and checks for drugs well the smell at least lol there must be a new drug out
fall asleep. thinking bout money.. wake up thinking bout money
1st workout after being sick 4 so long! kinda kicked my a$$. means I gotta get that fitness level back up ASAP. Goin hardcore starting now(;
i think ima fake being sick tomorrow, i really am in no mood for school .
"An open mind can open many doors." -Evelyn K. Lemar
Done! Thanks for following me :)
If you start to miss me remember, I didn't walk away you let me go.
why tf is you whining still i fucking told you i was gon do the shit get off my ass damn
See you in a week, Milwaukee.
Looks like is down.
You should be a professional time waster.
Life is only as awful as the amount of booze in your bloodstream at any given time.
I even want to punch that guy just thinking about that sound
We get it! Love the music humor :-) RT We have 4,440 followers today. DING! (A)
all of the above!
I done got pulled over fresh off of work ugh freakn DESOTO POLICE I FREAKN HATE U!!!!!
The photo grid trend/format is the right direction, but $2 billion & a potential copyright suit...do you think it's a good buy?
thanks for the mention, Stella!
#FF Lady with #Klout & knows how to work it.
All looked at, thoroughly enjoyed and bookmarked.
Welcome & thanks Nice to meet you!
About to join on Heller's gone so who knows what will happen! Phil, Jon & I might get into a twitter war!
I think I'm getting sick.
RT : Perk up at the World's Largest Coffee Break today at 9:30am at Catalano Square (Menomonee & Broadway). Free coffee and treats!
Brand new laptop, windows 7, try and restart new computer, blank screen,
really, should have tried the website and better fix your LinkedIn profile
Great gig with the band last night - thanks to , and Micah Goff for sitting in last night. Killin'!
RT #Quote Life is short so live the life u live the best.
What is your favorite Kurt Carr song?
Interview with about recent Pew study on Youth and Social Networking.
"Enjoy every smile and every tear, cos the most beautiful smile comes after the most painful tear"
My heart is racing
I just want summer
#InstantTurnOn: The thought of Ronald Reagan in a Speedo.
Maybe I'll feel like doing more if I don't hurt when I wake up and hurt when I go to bed.
Starting the day locked out of my computer and on the phone with help desk.
Fuck I hope some crazy woman rips his dick off when he comes to Buffalo in a few weeks. Seriously, fuck
BTW I finished Catching Fire. So good.
what bandwagon fans?? There are so many sports going into the playoffs....
yooooo u seriously need to relax!
billboard rentals
Car bombed.
Well I'll find you that day and slap you silly. :D
look at my last text !
I have put too much damn time and effort towards this. IT WILL TREND. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL so fucking much!
Onward & upward.... great day 2 be in the film industry in Louisiana! :D
re: joycevalenza! Wow Wiki! Love it. No one can talk boring wiki anymore!
Its a girls night its alright without you im gonna stay out and play out without you you better hold tight this girls nights without you
Hanging Christmas decorations with my dad. My mum ate my snack :(
Feel Better, we will miss U 2night :)
Be sure to take a lot of photos of each other now. Your relationship is changing every day.
Gotta walk my dog.
Hey Maria, if it's none of my business, that's cool, but why where there sad face tweets bout you yesterday? you leavin' us?
Lets get this shit up to 1900 followers! #TeamFollowBack I always #Followback ask anyone of my
I can't wait to give Liz the gift I made for her. I'm not sharing what it is cause someone will steal my idea. But it is special. <3
Sounds PERFECT!
omg- 1st Cd Aim & Ignite is amazing! Lmk. :)
What I need is a mobile location service that lets me avoid some people. Like "stealth mode on" They could also avoid me. I would pay.
What am I still doing up?
That annoying moment when you have that little pimple on your leg from shaving and you pop it and it scabs forever -____-
Talk Derby to me, that is the Derby Festival - Whats Happening for Thunder? Plan properly with these details and trivia:...
All of our GW paints are 10% off if you do NOT have a discount. If you do add another 5% to it!
Had a pint of that on Monday. Tweet a link when you're review is up online.
Hating school cant wait till its over and i can chill for the summer
Don't let this weather keep you from Napa Hour! Buy 1get1!
don't hold your breath.....
#SomeWhereInTheHood kids runnin to the ice cream mane like he a celebrity"
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN:)
I think I want to go get some food.
I to the same for my monmy and I'm 31. :-)
I need a pillow!!!
Preparing the 2012 work plan for LMS, training technologies and performance improvement. So far, 81 projects. Exciting!
Wait. Ke$ha isn't even that bad live. Why does everybody I've ever heard say she sucks live? And why did I believe them? Haha
Thanks to my sister that made me listen to City Of Fire You guys are awesome!
i just follow you after u follow me lol
Wow, that was a fantastic set!
you on forbes A+++++++ oh my gosh
What are the odds go 162-0? I feel pretty good about it
#houston ZeekRewards Online MLM Opportunity - Is It Right For You? If you are reading this review, chances are you are either a Zee
Friends in NOHO: join us tomorrow for an awesome standup show at the HaHa Cafe at 8pm: it's FREE!!
Well done boys! A toast to 2nd Leg ending of our XX Tour- a mighty success!!!
OKC raping mavs ... No cags involved this time !!! Go for the sweep !!! no luck needed
Haha I jus remembered the drunk guy at work yesterday who made me give him a high five <U+270B>
Just rode 7 miles on the bike with and worked out a little. Super stoked he is here for my graduation tomorrow!
Academic and Research Libraries talk about their digital projects.
yum. Yum. And YUM!!!
Um Austin says he loves you and that he's sorry and bye.... Yea..,
*there's
RT : Deep cover...RT : Clark Gregg is on THE SHIELD as a serial rapist/murderer. This is strange and upsetting.
that is by far the nicest tweet ever! You made my day!
Move Castle at d up to d 6
a bit crazy.. not as productive as i would have liked...u?
Honey made me veggie dinner, out of this world! Time to work!
fight the good fight, Hans.
The ESA online registration and membership application services will temporarily be out of order on 10 May 2012.
you a Pacers fan or a Heat hater?
"101 Ways to Kill Mr. Cook"
uuuummm could you please stop going to the games I don't go to?
Of course my school lost in all four categories in the Math Olympics. We weren't even prepared for it. :-(
thank you I'm sure everyone appreciates it as much as me <3
RT : Very inspiring and great opportunity, thank you :)
i want volleyball season already ..
"The best part of waking up, is #Folgers in your cup" . . . Cuz who's tryna be up for work anyways?
Thanks! Have a great day!
WHAT IS YOUR LAST NAME
happy mothers day to all!!!!& watching Charlie St. Cloud with my momma's I love this movie !!!!!!!!!!!!
I like dat!!
Uh oo i sense tension with
If we didn't have anything to learn, we wouldn't have anything to become.
I say whats on my mind. I don't care if it offends you. And if I don't like you, trust me, I won't pretend to.
It's the last day of the AIAA-Aerospace Meeting!! We're always happy to be here, looking forward to the next one!
#CrazyzBill says his urethra is burning, and that he may never have a functioning penis again.
following from south of boston
Nothing to do tonight? has a new edition of 12x6 going up at 7:30pm Only $5.00! Come join us!
thank you my friend!!!
I need a hot, sunny day for that. Plus some time to convince the family it's a good idea ;)
wow congrats Rachel!!! So excited for you! Muah
I haven't tweeted on my iPhone until today. Just checked tweets
People don't share noise, they share music. Define instruments that make music in your business...people will share
Everybody loves me you can call me Raymond
RT : :) I like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. Donald Trump
K thanks for the inside scoop(:
whos coming to the parade??
This is all Malarky!!!!!
#nw Hoarders, now I remember why I stopped watching this show. I stopped sympathizing with the ppl hoarding
Some of y'all so called heat Fans Still dont understand The Game of Basketball
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Honey, I Shrunk The Titties
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 22
Not even NYC traffic can play D on Heat. RT : Close call - Chris Bosh got stuck in traffic but made it to Garden before tip.
Thanks. It's going to be a very casual trip. 2 parks. House of Blues. Pool Time. Quick Trip.
Average American work week now between 50-55 hours. So, how do you take time out for yourself and family. explains:...
How fun! What was the piece and instrumentation?
The email I got said that they love hockey and bacon in Canada... So it'll be just like playing Detroit!
funny how he messages me to gloat that he's never been better, while I'm in hell.
getting my senior ring today. holy duck I am so excited aghhhhhh!!!!
Anybody around Naperville wanna party?
One time for your mind, one time...
Frothy mixture is kissing a lot of ass tonight (Romney, Ryan)... I guess appropriately?
Schedule your *I made it through my child's Spring Break* massage today!
Find out tonight at 8:00 p.m. on #NBC #Community why
Awww thank you! RT : Spreading my love! Friend just took his first and LOVED it!
Who else could it possibly be?????
I think we are meant to be.
Aw man you like her. She was a lil flakey to me. Hooked up w Amy in the shower then turned around to fight her.
Treat your intimate #relationships with gratitude!
Went over and talked to the rich whip-its couple. They offered me one. I declined, but those two are my heroes. They made my week.
About to have my first real meal since Friday.
I drink iron city because I'm so 412.
me too!!! except that I want to be on the giving end of the FB. what a coincidence.
When it's not one thing It's the other
I know! Likewise. <3
Omg tmrw is my last day at work after 4 yrs. I'm ending my career and moving on to bigger and better things. Amen
LMAO!! That so funny!!!
Working four hours at the Northwest branch today. Should be slow. This branch isn't known for it's large amount of patrons.
The 's 4th Annual DC Housing Expo is Sat., June 2nd from 10am-3pm at the Convention Center. It's free & open to the public!
“Independence is loyalty to one's best self and principles, and this is often disloyalty to the general idols and fetishes.” -Mark Twain
Am I crazy or does that new Chernobyl movie look pretty awesome? Who wants to go see it with me?
Oh and how we have missed you! Waffles are inherently lazy, but that doesn't mean they don't need love.
RT : Should hve took my ass to ritz tonight :(
“: Daily reminder: make at least one person happy today. #BeHappyMakeHappy” And I won't mind a bit if I'm that one person! :-)
Ima try 2 right the most offensive song that can still be played on the radio. Thats my goal 4 next month lol
THAT PIC LOOKS A LITTLE UM #FRUITY LOL
Filed report with for my #stolen mountain bike. Gary Fisher, orange/black. Buggers left me my bolt cut lock. So nice
Tonites bout to be a great nite!
that's the next step
I don't care what you hear about me...I am not that guy....and if I was I'm not anymore. #it'scalledgrowingup #pissedtweet #longhashtagday!
Augie Garrido feels his Horns need to win Baylor series or if not, the Big 12 Tourney to guarantee NCAA bid. Says hosting op is likely done.
RT : I wanted to #intro you to my new brother, our new #cmgr here Please meet of #teamNIMBLE #freshmeat :)
When is your band performing again???
Thx for coming! RT : Had a great time sharing during sponsored #PzS12 - now headed home!
#sourcefest says a shared sense of community and values help define a local voice. Do DC playwrights have that commonality?
Alabama Crimson Tide linebacker Dont'a Hightower talks about the upcoming game against the #1 LSU Tigers.
I have a feeling if we go to firehouse, a) we'll be the only ones there other than the fucker
CH Reynolds Electric Achieves Select Certification from Cisco in U.S.
post a piccc? (: i wanna see it. <3
We had a shot at this game till Lamar stepped on the court...
The new education tools from #Apple make me want an iPad more than ever
Follow us on Twitter
2 more cuts to do, 20 more pages on script to do, scan some negatives in and finish printing my color final, study 20 pictures, and study,
Alena has a nickname, but I keeps it on the DL.
YES! See you then!
i love roc and roe. Soo cute and yummy.
I live so far north in the burbs that it takes FOREVER to get a taxi. I miss ease of getting a taxi in the city
Of course it's hella nice in south city..and hella crappy up at skyline! I hope that fog burns off!
Going to bed at 1 am...#success. Will I actually sleep now?
“: I have the most fun at the music festivals when I dance in the crowd..Did u get fleas from those dirty general admission folk
I would expect that number to be higher...
still mad that I couldn't go to see ya'll smh next year
The shot is still on the bar. I will have to ask Matty if he has had any new encounters
Hmph. At least I can count on to support my mustachepirations. (cc'ing for portmanteau)
good to see u today too!!! ;)
Thanks for the help!
#Mitt isn't conservative or liberal he is spineless.
Home Gym Equipment- A Great Investment To Add value To Your Home
. I love it Kort!
eesh no riddles my mans, ima have to hit u up to let u know wut happened lol
I know!!!! How have you been?? When you come home for summer break we need to have a reunion
feeling the need to chop and/or dye the hurrr. #indecisive and in need of a change. something i can control.
When God touches you He change Everything. Around you
Boozer stealing money from the bills they over payed for his ass. Premier PF my ass.
Happy Friday all
who Levi?
Thanks Feel free to share your favorite #rhubarb dishes :) yummy!
after your concert in NYC you should have a concert in tampa :)
“: Today's world is totally not age appropriate.”
just watching tv, and u? (:
Kegging my latest session IPA & racking the Orval clone. Then playing with electronics in my control box for the new HERMS.
There is always something to be thankful for. Always always always. Be mindful of that.
I want a nigga that has #swag and knows it I hate guys who think they got something they don't
Without the use of 'roids*
Monarch butterfly just flew into the cafe, buzzed each person's head, one by one, and flew back out.
Concert Update: John Mayer Tour Canceled! Ticket purchasers should refer to their point of purchase for refund details.
Happy Mothers Day
Tom and Evan Leahy band play tonight at 7:30. This duo will make your night!
Stuck in this room for 4 hours straight doing nothing....somebody come bail me out
I remember my first ever football match - Wrexham v Orient, November 1978. Sat in the Mold Road stand and had a meat and potato pie.
Thank YOU, sir! RT : Thank you so much for the follow and the great service you provide
Contrast people created Qwitter and yes, it's a small rails community. :)
Taking bets on whether stands us up again today. Just about halfway there!
what:O
Follow the family!! ->
Haha aw thanks. Please explain this to me! I don't understand hashtags! And if a celebrity doesn't have a check mark, are theyreal
and snooki are the exact same person
I need a workout partner...seriously!
r u on the city hall beat now? I guess congratulations, is that a promotion ?
what's up? Did your folks beam you to outer space?
Finally catching up on the calendar, and then Gmail goes down.
I need a fix
McRegret: The regret you experience immediately after purchasing and consuming a meal from McDonald's. See also: You knew better.
The doctor told me she doesnt want me to lose any weight this month. Does she want me to look bad in a swim suit??
I gotta guy. I'll get some pics & show em to you.
thank you , now for a nap!
#WIFYR, Howard Taylor just dropped by our class. There is no end to the celebrities at this conference!
Even though they have shorter sleep cycles than adults, newborns typically spend more time in active (REM) sleep.
He knows he didnt do his job!! People will be after him now too! Bill Lee better go into hiding as well!
stop by
Thank you!! Really helped :D
Let's get a Wednesday Fish Fry in the books.
i followed you back
I appreciate that every Friday morning I can turn to for the best of last night's #Archer quotes.
Check our Albert Bandura. ALL learning us social! Nothing to do with the technology.
have you heard of him? hes an artist i've been working with he has some amazing plans coming for 2012 music fashion magazines
The riot scene!
#GRE question: For doctoral admissions, is the writing section important? Should more energy/emphasis be put onto verbal/quant?
Sittin here at the hospital waitin for the outcome of a friends son.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Congrats first 20!!! :)
I cnt stand her I like tami
Saturday night delirium has set in.
Grand Tavern in Farmington has green PBR starting at 50 cents early!!
wanna make my dream come true then follow me :D plz
Doors are open! Come out and join us for a cocktail.
Getting things ready for Saturday night. Love having the girls over.
Thanks for the RT !!
Check your DMs!
can me and earl get married now or?
Not enough drugs in the world to stop this damn pain
I love Your Tweets girl!(:
We're a world apart but yet so close <U+2764>
hey nigga, we just met at the club. i want to give you my number why dont you hit me up.. young money. LMAO
They gave up a 4th, 5th, and 7th wtf are you guys bitching about. We still have 10 picks.
I cannot stop myself around the stuff. It's my inner fat kid's happy place.
my pleasure - and thanks for making the trip down for it.
lmao bc you were being a dancing queen last night.
I still don't know the power of twitter in dialogue. We need to change academic culture valuing publications over impact.
sounds good, thanks!
If i was your boyfriend ill never let you go .<3
Ops, that was "I have a headache" for non-Italian speakers.....mi dispiace
"Operation out-awkward " - SUCCESS.
now tell me how 2 decrease the gas!
#w2e is Tim's degree of scruffiness a leading economic indicator? If so, is the correlation direct or inverted.
fredweirdo? Say what? More like sexy, #WHATCHUBETALKINGBOUT?
RT : Just because you have a foul to give doesn't always mean you should #foulforprofit (agreed)
Early #BdayShoutOut to me!!! 12min until my #bday. Yeah buddy!
Friday need to hurry up
“: Not singing the 'you' in 'gotta be you' cause you will scare the birds away trying to hit that high note.” and I
story today i hope! sorry if im annoying, im just excited(:
How are you feeling, re the vertebra? Are you still zero activity??
Hey! How are you? xoxo <U+2665>
Keep the fam lifted up in prayer! I witness 1st hand wht that brother does 4 our youth!! All this extra shh is just the devil!
95 South bound to meet and go see lil Duval ignant ass with
Somebody just threw a wadded up piece of paper onto the floor in our cubicle area.
ditch the keys and locks?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HOMMIE !!!!!!!
Hey #Jetsfans - are ya happy about Tebow coming to the team? I have my reservations personally (and I am a #Giants fan)
I guess the refs only call roughing the passer if tackles the QB. Geesh!
To all "green" artists out there. Love to here your picking inspirations stories. I'd like to include your stories on www.artisansgonegreen.
i couldn't open the link you sent... it said it was removed. sorry!
I really love sleeping in :)
You never invited me. :(
LOVE mine! RT : Sweater vests everywhere are shedding tears.
Don't walk like, "see I'm interesting". Enter room thinking objective.
The winners page has been updated on the website. A few more photos have been uploaded to facebook as well.
ima punch you in the mouth !
Since the Fall TV Schedule is set, I can map out my Live/DVR lineup.
It's so beautiful outside
broke the record for most popular U.S. destination! Over 50 million visitors believe it's a great summer getaway!
+4000 museos, from all 50 states and 63 countries around the world?! #aam2012 is better than ever!
#edtechnyc : It takes an 800 lb gorilla sales force to penetrate #k12, hence why we started with universities.
Any other moms go to (2) soccer games today (after breakfast in bed)?
Learning starts with faiIure; the first failure is the beginning of education.
“: You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.” YEP.
Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got...
thanks for the follow back
If it wasn't Christmas I'd be uploading some M.I.J. right now.
Saw lots of girls in tight mini skirts tonight. Am I living in the wrong town? Where are the earthy girls in Sac?
The devil almost came outta me when that girl hit my car...
The links not working :(
#ICantStandPeople who hate on Jelena and Justin
wow! Or a close Fuck! Acceptable body!
haha all right let's get on it.
Not so many tweets from #cikm2011, compared to
What's a Harriet growler go for, Curtis?
Writing "Platform 9¾" on the back of your van cause you're a smart pedo.
Got the free hook Up, from this honeydip #thecodes #thewords #theways ya that me
yup, looking to do it through youtube...
And on yet another note, filthy black cock.
What is your plan NOT to end up in the 95%?
Tough loss for Marquette tonight, led by 17 with 13:10 to go at #9 Georgetown, lose by 3
thanks for the furniture recommendation! :)
I laugh at all of those gullible idiots.
awwe! Thank you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
#shoutoutto now thers's a good chap right out of wales.
Mkay time to be active. Must go finish these grammar lessons for class, clean then read some more
Thanks, Asher. Can't wait to see you!
just a pawn that is all I am
Manno's Sports now -- Tickets to Muse / SSPU if you're smarter than _Begley at 8. Shouldn't be a challenge. Zing!
question:what choices do you actually MAKE?
lmao he looks like Al Bundy
good morning
RT : We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future ~ George Bernard Shaw
On set today with shooting the new print campaign for HGTV's Designstar!!! Rocking it!!
Hanging out wit timmy later.
Can't wait to see Ron Ron in OKC tonight... Malice at the Ford Center?
Uh oh it's drinking season isn't it?
Time to head to my DVR to watch The Office! Think I'm going to wind down with a Paulaner Salvator. :) yum
I figured as much. But welcome to America...continual validation of instant gratification. Will keep me working forever.
I especially enjoyed a shoot out scene towards the beginning. I thought it was shot and edited incredibly.
wish I was there to support the cause. Good luck today!
Brewers rolling on Opening Day.
That's the way it go
ah, just normal grits. word up. I love that idea. inspired me to have grits for breakfast!
Sorry to be missing this one... RT : we need to lead UP
I wished I could bby ,but I can't :c
It's up, you just have try again, it's very slow.
At least your day can only get better!!
The Casal Aveda Art Show went super!!!! Now it's time to gear up fir the Ward Bakery show April 30th + May 1st!
I realllyyy want to meet:
Omg u r so sweet and cute love u.aa lot
spotify should be set now
It's not your position in life; it's the disposition you have which will change your position.Dr. David McKinley
The missionary position is the position least likely to bring a woman to climax.
SKC with the WIN! Thanks to all my #SpotingKC boys & a special shoutout to !! Living the Soccer Hooligan Dream!
I think I may be the only person with parents that aren't on #facebook nor know how to tweet.
Finally watched Rise of the Planet of the Apes. A+
Soccer tonight. HERE WE GO!!!!!!
yeah you right about that I got a couple that i'm going to grab from you asap. good looking out
#SanfordFlorida police chief #BillLee to resign.
Everytime you retweet me, a little piece of journalism dies.
That's my city right there! South Central LA!
cool and yea cuz I went on a class trip and I'm exhausted
Bringin fire to the Boothe, like i'm an avenger for Abraham Lincoln (you have to be smart and know who Henry Wilkes Boothe is to get that)
While he at work ?
R.E.M. - collapse into now, SILVERSTEIN - Rescue, and SMASHING PUMPKINS - mellon collie & infinite sadness...
I really hate Michael del zotto right now...
Closing at 6 today...to head over to the Lakewood Cash Mob!!! We will meet at 7 at the parking lot on Madison and Carabel!
Christopher Columbus, one of Italy's most famous pastaphiles, was born in October, National Pasta Month.
All these 20th anniversary of "insert title of an album from the 90s here" tours are getting me excited for the eventual 2013 Cantaloop tour
Loving my NEW PLACE!!!
Well , I have disliked Bryce Harper in the past. I've been waiting for a reason to like Harper, and Cole Hamels gave me that
OK will do. Thanks!
lana del rey Is my idol , I hope someday ill be as beautiful and talented as her she sings like an angel:-)
Please Big Brother, drop out. Mark and Bopper are just too humorous to get the boot.
which raises the question, is it possible to find the record for that newspaper in your alma matter's library catalog
So cool! Heard all about your book on FLN on my way in to work. Can't wait to read it. We should chat!
In Miami today and the locals are feeling the cold at 64f, yesterday it was 82f.
Horse cops for tonight? What? Another great investment, Athens. Dumbasses.
You know; grown kids can become a pain in the rear sometimes.
Okay 2010, you completely kicked my ass. Uncle, already.
super soulful man!
Thanks! Congratulations, on the multiple LA Weekly Theater Awards nominations of 'The Romance of Magno Rubio'!
Muni's idea of time is hilarious - it's been 20 minutes since I started waiting for a T that was 5 min. away. Abandoning to take
My thing was when people began calling the tall, slender beauty standard a Eurocentric thing. Lmao, that was so wrong.
What do you think about a candidate who always says "I...I...I?" always says "WE," the hallmark of working together.
college is like American highschool right?
congrats bro ...deserved the win but i hate jacobs!
blocked me on twitter. Does that make me infamous?
is pretending it's the earring factory! :)
might want to check your acct got a personal msg from you with a link that is probably a virus.
Bcuz twitter is like a diary. knowing what you say is being read by someone can help relieve any stress you may have. Y delete?
yup u rite on that one MGK can rap
I'm not seeing enough in my stream!
So jealous of Matt Lauer right about now.
I'm curious about these "baby people." Who are they?
Thank you We wish you many great years to come!
hahaha thanks! Just kidding its all good in the hood.
« Lying to my face is equivalent to spitting in my face. I will punch you in yours.»
What an amazing day, thank you God!!!
I say brunch so white bitches can relate. I like tapatio all over my food
OMG. sounds great. <3 so excited, i think im in love with you <3
I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul-Toby Mac
The wife just mixed up Richard Simmons with Russel Simmons. :|
We love your work too!
Holy crap, Kim Jong Il!
thanks! They were awesome cars.
New wardrobe coming my way!!!
like porcelain baby.
Too comfy to leave my bed.
We had a very successful Rocktober, hope you did too. Happy Halloween!
WE appreciate the follow Kristi. WE Liked your FB page and WE're following back.
“: With OSU girls victory over OU, #OkState remains undefeated (9-0) in Bedlam this academic year." another Bedlam win, yawn
Will we be seeing you at our Launch Party? Thanks 4 mentioning 's guest post!
OMG... :X #madkudos2u MT : Tomorrow I am volunteering as a chaperone for the 1st time. Going to Carowinds w/ 300 7th graders.
Hahaha I will ask around! I am not sure who can design....Design friends: want to help create the Hip Roach?
You only have one shot
It was great to see check in last week!
Vegas or colombia??? Um
stressing out . >_<
auto copped either way, goodsir.
Well we can make it fun! Your ass is coming to #pride this year!!!
Paris, Madrid, London:) Hit these cities
I'm in your next session!
searching for a DIRECTOR of QUALITY with #DAIRY experience @ $120k
Hola and buenos dias to you. Best wishes to you for a great week. Take care and stay beautiful.
Thank you, Candice!
follow me monster .!!
Be good to yourself
Last day of The Boston Marathon expo today! Come by, grab some shoes and chat!
What a great guy! Ballsack
Man Your place or mine? Woman Both. You go to yours and I'll go to mine.
Velvet Red > Feed The Wolf > Velvet Red is a great segue.
Dining with the estimable , Ms. Tmi3rd, and tmi4th . Don't you wish you were me, , , and ?
yes. I was in love with him.
Perfection. Miss you two and Happy 2012!
There are certain colors that don't look good on anyone this early in the morning.
what are some good retro games??
I was thinking about it but ima just get 20's, I'm focused on my sound system right now though
Merry Christas folks! Tis the season to be a blessing!
I hope my friends know I do love Seattle—a big part of who I am. I am just critical w/ tough love.
I fell asleep soo early haha, I just can't wait for summer.
I can't find my iPod. Wahhh :'c
Watching #thevoice -Confused by the negativity, but I know this..I'd buy any of the last two shows of songs sung by !
#Expert Search Processed: #WrongfulTermination - #FTC #RedFlagRule - #Automobile Dealership - #CA (Contact re: Red Flag)
Thanx for the follow!
Los Angeles, California @ The Palladium June 24th Excited like hel !!!!!
ur welcome and have u ever luvd while at the same time ur fallin for someone else
haha!! You're smart!!! You will get it!
Causative factor is not based on symptoms, assessing the patient's CSOE is primary
don't forget your last chance to view #callandresponse is this week! thu-sat 1-5
Even thought I've never been to Bora Bora
"Hipster" is the new "poser".
Reports from #Syria: #Assad forces continue shelling the city of #Homs. Entire neighborhoods have been turned into rubble.
this is actually making me cry...i feel so bad for puck
1 WEEK! :D
Glad you enjoyed the #IDODI offices yesterday. Looking forward to Global Finals! 27 days left!
I have zero motivation to study for this micro exam.
DYK? Alexa Canady, M.D., at age 26 became the 1st Black woman neurosurgeon in the U.S. and is a member of DST ..
Want to see a great Broadway show? Go see the Godspell revivial! #Stuy Alum Ken Marion '66 is a investor.
Handing out FREE today !! What a great way to start the weekend off!!
Thanks for the follow! Yay! Hope you liked Season 2!
American economy recovering, growth, more jobs and still low house prices. So now its time to buy the deal of your lifetime
we've started adding mint to melon soaked in orange water
I'm glad you came ;3
Sexy! Even without your flesh...
tell me i help
anybody know of a good book on local boosterism in the 19th cent.?
text me sometime!
less shortcuts!!
Its so much shit that found out today.! It wuss very interestinq
i know it's only 6 there, but im not in san antonio so im tweeting now because here, its april 4th.
anything new Julie? How was your week?
Hey I'll be at the also. Had no idea another ux firm was in Florida. Where in Florida are you?
vacation reads i loved: THE AGE OF MIRACLES by Karen Thompson Walker. coming of age story, speculative fiction setting
Wieseltier "Spinoza thought himself out of Judaism. There's a history of this, Jesus being the most famous example."
that ain't ever gonna change! I'm just glad I live 30-40 minutes from him!!! :D
meeeeeeeep! 3,900(; ya'll are amazing. we love you guys so much!<3 x
Every restaurant should come with a pool.
Refreshing 2 hear a female rapping intelligently instead of rapping about deepthroating a Sprite can in her mouth.
So I'm thinkin ... Kings Island pretty soon... you in?
I'm not hungry, let's have dinner.
Good morning from Nashvegas! Anyone doing anything fun today?
Make it a point to request for the maximum allowable time to delay the process
well yeah because God gave us free will. But you have to have morals. Without morals you'll only make bad decisions. And that
the way it should be.
miss ya too!
I mad the Jv cheer team for highschool(: can I get a woot woot?(:
it's different then my pc but software I use is the same plus I got iPad iPhone iPod touch .... So I'll manage.
RT lmao (: When Girls Are ALWAYS Sad. <<<< just Cause You Have A Pussy Doesn't Give You An Excuse To Act Like One.
A shout out to our new followers! Hope you're all having a great weekend!
"You miss out on a lot by not giving things a chance." ~Shantara Kennedy
Rain rain go away! We have games to play!
No, already home to A-ville and using a Groupon at Adriatic
Tops on Twitter
please let us know when you serve up the south side again!
Hi! I'm the new chair of a Baltimore scholarship program & would appreciate the opp to chat briefly; I need some guidance!
LOL yea Yea
Happy Veterns Day!!!!! Thanks to all our soldiers that fight for us!!!! :)
she just don't understand..
Ifollowed your friend(: She's perddyy!
I might lol I might not ant no tellin
First African American lit, now Speech. I love my class.
If I didn't have the man above I wont have shit I thank you for everything
Smashed In. Milwaukee Hardcore. Check em out!
They have a signer on #TheVoice What deaf person would pay for a ticket to the finale show of a singing competition?.....#yolo i guess
I don't understand how people can call Xtina the "voice of a generation." They better not be talking about my generation.
Reminder! Today at at 4 p.m., Ron Carlson reads with Sandra Gilbert! He'll be signing Room Service, she'll be signing Aftermath. Go
Sent my no to ur yahoo. Don't wanna post online
Fashion Business Incubators (FBI)
Big game today the one everyone is waiting for vs that team in Topeka ..great day to be a hornet
Well put Michy! I haven't heard it yet.
SHUT THE HELL UP.
You lucky GMT bastard.
#IntDesignerChat Absolutely: it's the rest of the world that needs design!
Separate thought: How can doughnut and donut both be correct?
Another gorgeous day in DC
I get "Adam" as in Prince.
Baseball season is here! Improve you game and learn the secrets of base stealing
Is this your rendition of "Swipes on Swipes on Swipes" ? lol
Everyone Knew That ;D
Perhaps giving him a big hug instead would make you feel better.
Haha man.. between 2 papers, it was 14 stories the past two days. 13-hr day today. RT : Did you write all seven stories?
I feel you nigga, well I forsure wanna work with you niggas & see what we can make. i have protools in my head lol
Miss everything , I really did mess up and didnt even realize , but i'm going to fix everything and never let this happen again
encouraging #lpc to take risks
IN Quotes: "Self-confidence is the result of a survived risk."
I had fun with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Tanner Bananer and Greyson Baby each chose a sister to sleep with lol :)
LOVE your Big Brand theme ! Where do I go to change font on template pages & stop flashing on rotator?
You call yourselve "JMo"=gag-free.
we should next week cuz I don't have basketball after school
What book will you be reading this evening? That is, if you aren't a football fan of course!
I'm pretty sure I just did about 500 pull ups.
lol omg how did you know!? And they sell toys <3
Jarrett: still necessary to bundle skills/knowledge, socialization, facilitation/instruction, and accreditation/certification?
see what happens with a little patience (and a shit ton of speed)?
Did a bit of Easter shopping with my boys, now home for some yummy Pei Wei!
We've been preaching that here from day one. Love it!
Today, I am at the Celebrating Mom! Craft & Vendor Show from 11am - 3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL.
- thank you very much, Michael. I am just so very excited.
im so confused. I just ate a brownie
comes pretty close.
that was amazing.
"How I longed for word from home." OH
Some people understand the road to success & what it takes others dont. Those who dont: Im having a fabulous party at my beach house
man.... twitter trippin then.. what you do to it...? I know it was you.
Thanks Jen! Very sweet words ;)
Dear dc plants, no use trying to germinate in my nose. U r Definatley wasting ur precious spores & giving me the sniffs. Achoo, Aleksandra
Today, the average person in the United States drinks 9 fewer gallons of #milk on an annual basis than he or she did in the early 1970s.
And now for the Top 3...the 3rd Prize goes to Calcula!
2 different stores. 2 different fitting rooms. Mom asks their kid, "will they fall off when you're running?"
RT : Check out the LIVE streaming Social Media Sweet Spot web show today from Booth 231 @ 11 PT/2 ET
Man they aint no rhymes they are short poemd...lol
I got you today. I'll message you once I send them
Good morning. Stoppin' in to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care.
UNI Students Say Cuts Eliminating Classes They Need - KCRG
RT : you should know as for earls i adore lord bergamot by
I can't keep
so right now my newsfeed is like "sarah falter shared a link 27million times"!!! hahaha glad you liked it so much :P
And, if I buy the bike online, will you cheerfully give me free advice on getting it ride ready?
it broke in my otter box
I'm sleepy
Also: and Kim Kardashian. Though that one makes sense.
#DontGetMeStarted and then stop. #Girl If you go #DownTown you better be ready to
On my way to the Las Vegas airport to head home to New York City.
oh yeah - my cauldron brethren and sistern will be in full voice come sat. Burn FCD burn!
Overheard at the State of the Industry session at
I hope every girl finds a boyfriend as great as mine :)
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had 0 followers for the whole year of 2009 LOL
No friends RT : nobody is texting me :/
Let's make it 3 in a row.
Two of my favorite phrases are: "Person of Interest" and "Delusions of Grandeur" - Twitter combines both.
$200oz's of Island Blueberry available.
Spokesperson. TV Host. Narrator. Actress.
nigga that's why is the realist.
Join our tele-town hall, starting now. 877-229-8493 PIN 19380. Bring your concerns and your questions. Let's talk.
Sure, we can do next Sun, 4/22. Does 11 EST still work?
When I wake up I can't never really just go back to sleep smh
Because I can't get enough golf today, now watching The Greatest Game Ever Played.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH <3 ! 6
Hey,How have you been?
bummer. wish you'd reconsider. paul is nothing like the others in GOPs
idk how i feel about this...
How do you know that? Maybe Obama would have loved to have gone. Maybe he wanted to dance to "At Last" with Michelle
If they're not long, they're wrong! ;-) Thank you! :-)
Aw yeah! RT : On the train home with bove, tiff & Happy weekend!
Friday was Club Amnesia. Monday was La Pomme. Tonight it's Club Perks. On Thursday its Club LQ. Night life
Congrats Josh! Much praise to God.
If another person calls me a jonus brother I'm going to kill a mother fucker!
> people who print 30+ pages on printers in the library... Fuck off
Thanks! Coincidentally had a bunch of blocked links last week, drove me nuts. Saw t.co and ow.ly, roadblock at odd short URL
Good Morning Tweepz!!!! Seize the day!!!
well thank you for cheering on the Devils with me! night!
sounds like a fun show
Four major banks control over 75% of the nations mortgage servicing. Wells,Bank of America,JP Morgan and Citigroup.
appreciate it bout to check the track u sent me in a sec
Every one just wants there own house hoe
I bet that if you're going through a hard time, Dwayne Johnson is a rock.
#IfWeAreInARelationship , You Shouldn't Care What Anyone Else Says .
Coming June 1, online graduate level, curriculum based legal, business and financial education for health care professionals.
the show is for two hours? thats long.
#ihavenorespect for guys who think thay r better then u
omg just followed me!! so happy!!! :D <3
Kids dont need to see all that RT : i dont understand people that wear pants around the house.
Thanks for the follow. Working on saving the earth, one artist and art lover at a time.
i posted a cute picture of us on fb. and imma post it on here too.
Jeffrey Zaslow, Author and Journalistic Role Model, Dies at 53
I love your site & read all reviews prior to any purchase. Any thoughts of an app flying around? Keep up the great work!
Standing desk. Pro vs Con. Go.
good morning ;) have a great wednesday
like u try to follow ppl who follow ppl baq tht follow u an this pops up over there>>> This User Does Not Exist
I had so much fun at the high school for the day the only thing is some of the classes were boring after!! & I saw the Guy I like. :)
HAHAHA yes PRE GAMING it!!! lol i am like soo extra hyper now that i am buzzin and listening to the jamss
Ohh and incase u were wondering. I dnt have a pic of my self cause i dont want creepers like u looking at me. ;) Okay.
UNICORNS UNICORNS UNICORNS UNICORNS UNICORNS
Being gay isn't wrong? Since when was it bad to love someone? #isupportgayrights. <3
And a hawk just landed in the #MtIda backyard. That was a little crazy...
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 63
She makes me so HAPPY! Working on the E.p and recording new stuff with the band this weekend O:Im pretty excited!
fountain of our youth to before and become yet again the thought of a race of angels living among us a few the light we will follow to
Hey there, the iPhone app crashes on me after the initial intro screen and gets half way through syncing. How should I fix this?
Just a hunch, but I don't think QB draws = Gopher victory
#XFactor was good. Chris was so freaking amazing! The guy with his pants hanging down.. not so good as well as that idiot girl who sucks xD
I keep thinking I should see about getting guest blog spots. Then I notice the tumbleweeds rolling across my own blog.
Seen Deliverance?
only 4 days left to vote for us to play Edgefest!
Recs2: St.Nachos series-Z.A.Maxfield, The Emperor's Wolf-J.C.Owens, Circe's Recruits&Dawn Endeavor series-Marie Harte
Being in the 20% blog. (go to www.daryldorsey.com)
What is all this devil worship stuff I am watching on the Grammys. A spiritual tribute to Whitney followed by a tribute Satan.
It sucks to be you right now
Oh perfect. I need a new email address to sign up for a geocities account. Oh...
Being truthful makes us worthy.
Just chilling on the patio
on it
I really had to punch on this Mexcan fool at work this mornin, bet he think twice before he come at me foul
lol I might go to bed soon lol it's almost 12a.m
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
in the spring so it is warrrrmmm. michael's visiting me tomorrow and it's freezing lol (¬<U+203F>¬)
It's funny I was watching the Fairly Oddparents and one of the characters for a little bit in the movie is Dash from Danny Phantom
Movies Mall Manis and Pedis running from Lori god I'm gonna miss summer :(
hm interesting! Will have to try as well...thanks!
Oo! Is there a video or was it live just now?
yeah i'm just curious. it's like aziz's best work, and a lot of it is based off that "funny things about being famous" bit
Thanks so much! Wish you could make it!
Bull Durham (see my twitter/blog name) ": What is your favorite baseball film? #MLBFC"
If you have entry level clerical, customer service, call center, housekeeping, data entry, and/or environmental services positions open at …
Who would like a Lyric Video to go along with our new single?
So, we're supposed to fly out in about 45 minutes...it's looking scary to fly right now at Will Rogers.
You mean to tell me Nikki & Victor are still at it? Was he the original singer of I'm in love with a stripper?
done ur turn!
i HATE the word mayonaise.. i hate the food more, but i cringe when i hear people say MAY-NAZE
Jimmy, please send us a direct message with your email address & we'll contact you.
It's not about having the idea. It's about believing in it.
I am soo in love :)
Why you blaming us bitch? I see how it is
thanks for using our clips :)
Just left a voicemail with the White House. Ha!
There is a pedophile next to me in the parking lot listening to the chipmunks.
happy birthday and good night:) jk who sleeps at this Time!!;)
prepping for Austin. Need to watch Slacker on the plane.
Is there any way you can check out an IPad from your division, or preview it at a local store?
i already got it RT : GTA San Andreas is on Xbox Live Marketplace for 1200 points
oh by the way, idk if you like it or not but I just made #ZendayaGotSwag up cuz it sounds cool!!!! :)
Brother in Sonoma says "hot and dry" -- then again, he's... unusual.
I will like to have sex with a black guy!! One day I will do! Thats a fantasy:))
“: the EMCCA exam” <-- Good Luck, you'll do fine!
I am thinking about it. I was just there for the event Sat. It is an excellent cause.
Obama fills in to coach daughters basketball team www.tncnews.com
Packers def will have a pass rush this year.
Watching my two favorite gingers unite right now and conan
Sitting completely still on I-85. Why again did I drive this week?? Think I could get to Macon faster if I just got out and ran!
Thanks Kelly! Glad you enjoyed it!
Hey you guys should tell your friends about us mmkay?
Power your nose, paint your toes, line your lips & keep 'em closed. Cross your legs & dot your i's, & don't ever let them see you cry. <U+2764>
"Be the 4011th person to respond and you win Pens playoff tickets." ... "Sorry you are number 4008." WHAT IS THAT?!
Phones in both AOA offices are back in service. Thanks for your patience!
Fyi: buying a ton of tix doesnt increase your chances, you have more of a chance of becoming president
not sure
I like ur new set, but u can't see ur sign, " THE ROSIE SHOW"... I also love the colors on ur set, my fav. Color is purple.
If I slam this manila folder into the cabinet while singing BORN TO BE FILED I'll totally get promoted to CEO right
Shut up before I Tiger Woods your wife, Casey Anthony your kid, Michael Vick your dog, and Chris Brown your sister.
HAPPY BDAY ;)))* Have a great one<3
YEAHH BUDDY #GOAL! USA. all the way baby!<3
Can't wait for Wensday!! #BoyzAreBack <U+E328><U+E32D><U+E106><U+E418><U+E41F>
“: My heart is riven”thank Lin still hoping to get to meet you in person
Crying myself to sleep
Have a great show tonight at the Hotel Indigo! Is it open mic?
HAHA! Tweet of the day! RT Parents, talk to your kids about grammar. Forget drugs and sex, they'll learn that shit on the streets.
i didnt make it for high jump but i still got the 400 and the 4X4
thanks for the vote!!
In 01 Casey Frank got one of the members of Kerosene 454's #. Him, , and myself called asking for live videos. Weirdos.
Man I need to spend some time at the #Gorge!
: wat would u like to eat n watch wat movie
Dang it's almost time 4 me to take the ACT got be dere @ 8!!! "Str8 Like dat"
I love the feeling you get from music.
Now that's RLD(double)F!
Massage therapy heals injuries, comforts sore and fatigued muscles and reduces stress levels.
ya better!
Leif Garrett performed Surfin' USA on American Bandstand on this day in 1977. I was a young girl in love!
:D You make me so #happy :)
I really never understand why the employers are so gender specific i.e,...Female preference for HR position.What lacks in men?
Read Bernie Miklasz' stuff. You okay Joe?
looking at all the lucky bitches who saw drake !
Wow, that is a great compliment. RT : you guys are hands down the best restaurant in town, looking forward to Chinato
We are running drum circles in Africa and Wash, DC follow us on Facebook,Drumming An End To Poverty.
I got Niggas scared to wear they All White Air Force 1's now.. Niggas know them Shits are Played the Fuck out!
Ready to be done with school, but not ready to move out and go home.
What is the most important trait an #actor can have?
Tony Robbins in Long Beach this week. His show starts this week as well. 2nd event to feature our Registration and barcode apps!
Game Night agrees with the Game that Lil B may be the Wackest Rapper, but he is better than any of us...
stop that! You ain't no good! Lol
Happy Mother's Day! Give your mother a hug today!
It's ideally suited to handheld gaming, IMO, and the localization is being handled by none other than Vic Ireland of Working Designs fame.
RT : When you give to others but start sacrificing yourself they become thieves.
#LintonAndAssociates wants to wish everyone a very Happy Easter!
Wow! The American Dream has gone up in 4 yrs. Well, not really, there's been a 70% increase in food stamp benefits. Let's blame it on Bush.
do u mean a gangsta or a nigga wit a bus pass
just got punk'd
Dont believe that! /:
She -Parachute<U+2665>
Living in a single again next year but gonna have a bathroom for once
Go take a fucking nap.
i need 99 more followers
I guess the refs got paid off on that shit
Great first day of #MissUSA working with sponsors A great group!
The should have Boston celebrities do the train stop announcements instead of that computerized guy. People'd get excited to ride
(: best time staying after skool ever!<3
Can't wait for our show tomorrow with American Fangs and Dev Electric!!!
that's what they said. I told them I can work anytime in the summer besides Saturday. Do you like it?
#np House Party (remix)
DAM followers like tweets of food truck days nearby, Sunday morn links to art news, other arts venues happenings.
I bet got his panties wet thinking about breaking the Noel story. I don't consider a meeting "Breaking News"
ATL SFE IS IN THE BUILDING Y'ALL AIN'T READY
ik but still and yea right when i was gonna buy a ticket it soldout<U+E411>
66% of men like to make the first move in a relationship
I love bumping into Ed, my 8th grade boyfriend. Reminds me that my dating choices weren't all bad.
Ahh, sounds perfect! : enjoying my Glenlivet 15 at thanks to Thanks!
The industry would rid you of your family if it's profitable
It helps when David raises 4x the cash of Goliath.
Don't you have something to do, somewhere to be? ;D
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
Oh yeah. It's Friday, right? #ff Check em out this weekend at Middle East in Cambridge if you can!
Follow #SoSoDef Own
that fugitive dust is belligerent this spring.
peace! If you don't like it, don't buy it. using a tool a carpenter uses doesn't make u a carpenter
i may be from chicago but hey
Want me to email it?
The pics my dude likes on Instagram >
de nada! I had a call earlier w/ the creator of the campaign- Carla, a bright young lady
What an honor...thanks for the follow :)
you gonna bowl with us tonight?
Im Most Def.Gettin Clothing Line When It Cumz Out..! I Kno Itz Gone Be Some #Heat..!
U SuperMom ha
I know you'll find something to do maybe even doing more commercials
Thanks. Was trying to find a simpler, easier solution though. I love the Revert button in my PC version of QuickBooks.
Deandre Jordan offense is an 11 if he's further than 3ft from the basket
We're not here to convince you that we're ready to blow up... That's your decision. Don't regret it when you pass the opportunity though
Thanks, appreciate it!
aye, its hypocrite shawty over here and im proud bitch
It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds. -Aesop
OJ Mayo is about to burst into flames <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
EOC wasnt as hard as i thought it would be but still prob failed.
My cab driver brings me gum. Top that.
NM....recovering from a long night
When u unfollow me I will unfollow u lol
A tad bit hungover, I'm not gonna lie lol
UNITED NATIONS (AP) -- UN approves resolution threatening sanctions if Sudan and South Sudan don't halt violence.
Lol an we're going back to your house, right?
genius. thanks
Miley Cyrus <U+2665>
Getting a new deck on my house.
too far
Lookin' so bomb, gon' find me a honey ;]
I lost a "mask vs. hair" match to so I had to unmask.
yeah man !!
Guys wanted to offer me less that my chip Icm to give equity to CL I declined after consulting with Deeb. Got 3rd anyways for 115k. GG gn
Thanks! It's my first, like, official thingy. I hope people enjoy it!
I think i'm black swannin it tonight...........
follow me and I'll dm my email
I have 80 influential users following me: , , ,
that certainly is a risk factor and I didn't think of that. My admin were often behind the curve.
will do, thanks so much for passing along :-)
Hi, great to connect with you! Please let me know if you would like to read any of my work. Best, Matthew
okay's twitters
The #Clippers have some of the worst body language of any team in the #NBA and it starts with Blake.. Not good coming from a young guy.
be safe
More slide decks and video will get posted on the #eduiconf download site next week. We'll keep you posted.
Memory contestants use story to win, per Joshua Foer. So it should be no surprise that story is what makes a #TED talk memorable.
So I know there will be a lot of #SuperBowl tweets but I CANNOT WAIT.
There are sponsored WiFI hot spots in the convention center and in my preconference room. WiFI in the Marriott lobby.
This just in: Irene lacks birth certificate, North Carolina residents prepare for the worst.
"Is this a hitnrun!?!"
Have a blessed night. Good night :)
On Vacations......almost time to go back home....damn! means got to go back to work!
He just wanted you to taste his strudel
Oh, the sabres must be playing then
And it was a great momentum swing :)
Just got back.
Crimson's undefeated streak lives on. Damn.. Guess no marking out from me tonight. Eric Young is still the man!
a lot is two words babe.
imma kid what about you
I wouldn't have raised Burma--far too tenuous.
Who wants to help me get an ass!? Lol
O MY GOSH!!!! O_O your SO close!! Ah! I can't wait! #MARSPARTY!!!! lmao!
Q3) Each group within an organization needs to curate their own material.
You guys killed at at #Ultra2012 #Miami #UMFTV !!
There's a tall and handsome stranger on top of me--but he's imaginary
Someone bring me coffee.... Ill love you forever.
According to , Dick Cheney consumed the heart of a wild boar in a satanic ritual and will live through the next harvest.
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival screen LAST RITES OF JOE MAY (Dennis Farina, Steppenwolf) Tues Nov 1st!
aw!!! I miss you Lombardy!! My old balcony!! :(
Oh (S)He is So Cute;D
Fucking bitch brings a cat home knowing im allergic to them -_-
Trinity announcer Mike Guetig has been selected to run the shot clock at this years Men's Final Four in Indianapolis (via )
My head hurts so much from thinking
I followed Thanks! click here: www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
I'm drained of all my energy, i'm ready to sleep. xD Night y'all :D
what up! Harlem checking in with you
Good to know, thanks! That'll really add to the festive feel of the conference.
i'm doing very good, wet right now (its raining here) but good. You?
Wow! I'd never ask anyone to do something like this. Any friend who asked me to do this wouldn't be a friend much longer!
ah i cant wait!!! temple run 11 hours staright.? yeah i think so. :)
It's not often you get a request from host of #MeetThePress for a weather forecast ...but I did... hope it helps. Good luck!
Streaming Terabytes of goodness for our clients
Thanks! Been reading yr stuff in the Post. Great stuff!
And oh yea melo has 40
Had 2 share: "Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots." Be good to those around you. Pay It Forward #Friday!
": I wanna go too!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>" omg! My Dreena & Gina! That would be da BEST night eva w Margs! :0
We're in the same session!
I like how Puck says pathetic.
Was going to leave around 5pm until I saw initial weather reports last night and figured 2pm was safer. I'll stick w/that :-)
So the internet is out at work. What to do???
hey i have a question would you mind answering for a new band just starting out??
Teaching with #moodle or powerpoint? #safarimontage allows custom media playlists and creates web link to insert into presentations
For all conversation about "RETAIL" real estate, join the conversation at #RetailRE - See you there.
because they have nothing better to do than try to be God.
Just meditating on God after a long day, God is super gracious. I used to be a slave to sin, now I'm free! AGTG
Thanks so much for that. Inspector Tay is one of my favorite characters, too. Expect a new Tay in the fall.
Again, not surprised. With a sharp tongue like hers I don't get the sense that she is warm and fuzzy in public situations.
Yup, thats a #DCDrinkUp! RT just explained how the #GRAIL spacecraft work. Over dumplings and sticky rice.
PLEASE WIN CAPS
will do bro appreciate it!
Me too, for sure.
Polishing the next FlashCards++ update... should be ready to send to Apple within a week or so
You've got mail...
Rest in Peace Dick Clark! New Year's Eve specials won't be the same without you!!
I'm wearing khakis and I'm the only other person in casual clothing besides the owner who is wearing like a nine piece suit.
Is the jersey shore cast in Italy right now?
How much time we spend with God is determined by how much we depend on Him.
Not for another 5 more seasons.
#TIIP4P Gen. Rick Lynch, US Army "Vision w/o resources is just a hallucination."
Was just talking abt you. Yes! And to hang. It's like 400lbs. I'll find out what time today for tmro.
#psanderettememories when you followed me the best day of my life
NEED new wiper blades? We can help! All stores open till 6pm. Drive safely!
Hiring 2 Front-End Web Developers. looking for someone who is an expert in writing JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and HTML, need to be able to wri…
Line is moving but there's lots of people at the Naca mortgage fair.
Rethinking that noisy neighbor thing...
Stop thinking about your health… and it will go away.
There is a naughty boy in lots of men (like Greg and me) that needs his pants taken down by a no-nonsense lady (like you).
hey I draw stick figures ;) please dnt tell me u fuck the little kitties xD
just sounds like something my girls would say!!
TY and Happy
oops spelled awesome wrong, sorry
I'm beginning to think my couch is breeding them...
That's sad.
Alright, I'm out. We'll come out swinging tomorrow. Don't forget to
An aluminum can that is thrown away will still be a can 500 years from now!
can we get you guys out on time warner chan 36 to be interviewed ?
he's too inconsistent to be a starter. I try to love all denver players but he has no heart or drive
Why do people have to ruin a perfect relationship everythings fine until 1 person comes and ruins it all
Thank you pandora for keeping me company all night
Well, Google Play appeared in a startling (and kinda awesome) way...
Data is a means to an end; it's a means to a better decision.
Damn today was a good fuggin' day
RT : RT : you don't need to defend the Lion, just open the cage.
Celebrate endings...for they precede new beginnings. ~Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Donna Summer too?? Lord have mercy.
-Happy Platypus Day! :D
LOL. That happened quickly. RT : Update: "We've ended our freelance relationship" with Sarah Phillips, ESPN spokesman says.
I want a Krabby Patty! Spongebob makes them look delicious when they show the realistic one <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
No prob. It was tough, interesting, frustrating, and fun all at once. In the end I'm a better artist because of itsoTHANK YOU
Latest HerbalGram journal is out. The Cover article is "Replacing Animal-Based Remedies with Plants." Check it out at www.herbalgram.org.
> Highly educated and experienced Recruiters dedicated to meeting Employer's needs
My shadow days are over
Discover #LincolnPark 2012 is at the printer!
Follow #thatcamp for ideas on unconference sessions! MT Wow, so many great proposals coming in! Keep em coming.
oh yea i hope they dont!
Miss her </3
I had final cut for a time but it was for Mac
not much here and u
France is really kickin it up a notch in the action movie department.
Beautiful Day here in Kansas City.
I will lol
Wow what an ending to the hawks game lol... Wtf did smith do?? N wtf did rondo do?
Awkward moment when neither one of us can spell it.
- Now the horns are hooked for good. Blowout!
Happy New Years Everyone!!<3 *2012*
Our Charter cable is again not working. Hasn't worked right in 3 months. Not in to wasting another hour on the phone either. Terrible!
I was thinking that myself. I see him trying to copy the morning show a little.
thanks playboy!
I keepa bad ass niqqa name
well, im guessing no plans tomorrow. hmu?
Bumping some while driving on sunset in los angeles
Wow can't believe #whitneyhouston is dead...so sad she had an amazing voice
don't you luv my instagram skills? sry for not calling back this weekend- will try tonight before #Smash! xx
Fresh strawberry shakes will brighten any rainy day!
I have no idea. To be honest. And what are you loling about? XD
#somewhereinthehood theres a crackhead tryna sell some head and a cheeseburger for some spare change...
has 6 teams running the Corporate Cup! Last year they won $4000 for the Children's Hospital Foundation.
Gelato too?! Couldn't be happier.
Just watched the pilot of "Whitney" the TV show... it was hilarious!! Definitely recommend
Tell everybody who loves dance in DC to follow on twitter - we will announce a lot great program and concert information here
RT : Can drop a sandwich and make it land jelly side up.
so great to meet you! I will definitely pop by and check it out xoxo
Don't like Carl Edwards right now. That was just wrong. Glad Brad K is OK.
I sure am!
lol to much info
New QB Javelle Allen threw a jump pass across his body while running to the left sideline for a TD in todays Intnatl Bowl
Bitch either you did or you didn't jus DON'T lie
did you make?
Every worthwhile endeavor starts with passion.
I thought I was going crazy when I woke up from my dream. But I'm already there so...
Do you guys know what 's viddy account is??? Or is he keeping it private???:) PLZ TWEET ME IF U KNOW!!:) #muchlove:)
is going to make sure that those that don't have twitter, are getting one today!
I heart the rocks that let me kick them along with me on walks.
I like when the #cataloging rules support what I want to do.
I was there, earlier, coulda hung out
Aar River Gallery in #Westminster presents "Looking Inward": The Art of John Warren, First Friday opening reception tonight from 6-9 p.m.
Thank you for #FF !!
Me and the bro watching this starless ass Bulls game smh
ypo I have a craving for ice cream
Thug Life??? ": As a teenager, Tupac was a ballet dancer."
I like math all I do is get the red mark on my forehead from sleeping lol
Don't understand why second-base umpires hate Michael Bourn so much.
hey there I see you are in town. Did some work on my website so email was down. Let's get togther, yeah yeah yeah...
What's the meaning of the index passed to the draw callback in a script deck?
OMG I WAS KIDDING WHY ARE RANDOM PEOPLE LIKING THAT
Wow, even Richard Evans is on twitter!
Happy International Women's Day! Get inspired and celebrate your accomplishments, ladies!
I apologize. I forgot I was signed in to his account. My bad. He wanted a twitter. smh
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream. Harry Kemp
Giovanni and me afterschool , haa we had an interesting conversation . ! <3
There is some serious design innovation at the Delta terminal at DFW. Anyone know who did it?
I love how Glamour magazine has so much more content! Especially love the real life pieces (Top Ten College Women) so inspiring
There is a (very remote) chance that I'm rocking out to AC/DC today because of Iron Man.
I'll do it now...watch and learn
Suddenly I felt a misty consciousness & I somehow knew that w-a-t-e-r meant the wonderful cool something that was flowing over my hand....
I want one!
call me ASAP 6023215619
4hrs Till youu Go For Canada ,are u excited?(: please follow me.
I never get on anymore haha
it's not even worth it!!
i have learned my lesson.
The shorter my hair is... the bigger my nose looks. Damn this Espinosa curse!
school tomorrow ): well, it was nice not having school monday or tuesday(:
SLIM!!! come visit us in the kuntry!!!
Get references on your HR application vendors! Be sure the one you pick can cater to the size of your company.
lol..im done lets go
#ff some of my favorites
bought my mommy flowers, chocolates, an I love mom magnet and a spa package for mothers day. THEN had them delivered to the house <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
1) Vote to raise debt ceiling 2) Glad to see you finally joined the Twitter. Might want to rethink alias.
Holy shiznitpickles i just checked my voicemail only to find out i have a job offer . =]]
Manimal in beast mode
What cematary are u at? Its beautiful...
Our browser-based version is optimized for Android. No native app—it's tricky because of screen size fragmentation on that platform.
Great example of use of mobile tech: Fresno Bus Tracker using to report on transit reliability.
Omg this is late but i love tht song!! i bet the cover is going to be amazing!!
you shudup slut !
im not gunna lie. i really want to drink
RT : Limbaugh just lost the one of his longest running advertisers, the online dating site NaziMingle.
this more than a rivalry to me. it's pure fucking hatred.
Hey. McVaney isn't in the directory box.
Fucks with a bitch that watches the playoffs.
She thanks you for that!
Oh, fantastic! has drastically changed the way I approach...well, everything. You'll love her!
whoever is doing the morning show at wdae is going to end up making drive of the skyway.
Good Morning World. Make it a productive and wonderful day!
So I guess I'm now a person that irons my Oxford shirt at 7:30am so I can wear it with a fair isle sweater and not look sloppy. Really punx!
tell that to Peyton!
LUCKY. OH MY. SO LUCKY
Sometimes I love surprises
Both scare me.
Nothing but love-your team is its own team. You'll show the true red, white, and blue when it matters. Championships will come.
and hopefully also passion and joy -- if you make it through the turbulance :)
That dump on the NW corner of 30th St and 6th Ave, 1 flight up, was cleaned out. It was a clip joint, selling liquor without license. [1944]
"Like" this post if your are browsing Facebook on a PC right now!
imma hit her with my magic :) imma see her in school 2ma
dude you just need 4 more!! :D
now following brandon ellis :)
& because there are universal truths that can help all moms & moms to be like me.
Maintain throughout each season. Regardless of variety, roses require year round maintenance
We would love to tour through Kansas! We drove through there on our last tour but didn't play... haha
Glam red carpet WOW stunning actress model Miss California, star of ABC’s playing bad girl Lulu Pope.
smart man! ;)
Love knows no boundaries and no distance, miles and obstacles mean absolutely nothing in the face of love.
Push to start
Hi Chandra! Thanks for the retweet. :) Hope you're having a terrific Tuesday.
Lol She is in a better mood now(:
OMG. why am I always hungry 24/7?!? I need to stop eating so much.
What the fuck ...
Of Corse! Lol they tryna make me the Manager Already!
Ah, so I see, now. CakePHP 1.3 does ACL completely differently than the previous versions. Do your own tables and let automagic take over.
POUR SOME ALOE ON ME!
Single most important moving task complete: Cable install is scheduled.
According to a Baltimore sports reporter I won't name, when a team has a 5-3 lead, they are "steamrolling" the other team. Wow.
i'm from australia..:)
Google, you continue to out-do yourself. Love Mashable's quote "the world's collective productively takes a sharp plunge on this Friday".
RT : I use tests more for pre-tests so I have a better snapshot of what I need to teach #edchat <--why test if it doesn't inform?
UCLA's spring game was scheduled for Saturday May 05....yes
Just saw Ryan from , now it's a party! Can't wait for this meet to kick off!!
Tonight's special: bacon-wrapped dog, served in pita w/ nacho cheese dip and a side of spicy potato salad!
Happy Birthday Avril :D
"The Mayor ordered all city agencies, departments, bds, and comms to make data.. available to the public."
It would be a nationwide "ghetto party."
When winter weather strikes, strike back!
One Direction is coming here to Washington next year
Since when is your nickname Nay Nay girl? Lmao
haha that's you that does that!
Hey guys, Sorry it has been a few days since our last post but we have been busy with the website...we are almost there!
g i like this new one better cuz it aint as dark. lolol
I'm giving free skin care evaluations today in the Plastic Surgery dept. today at the Cleveland Clinic Avon open house. Come see me!
don't tell me what to do! ...i mean, next time! There will be so many next times!
RT : this is d - roc biggie smalls friend i just add u on my page--->Word? U shld let my homie know
so much amazing happens when you combine money + creativity + hedgehogs
Not tezting today \(^o^)/
Fucking with my feelings isn't a 'joke'.
Ooh dang! Do you have a cover for it?
Very nice of Peter Gammons to call out baseball bloggers on Boston sports radio. Stay classy, bud.
I can go for custard...custard not ice cream
and the moment you've all been waiting for, Sal wins the pierogie race by the length of a frying pan.
#edu11 Big themes: mobility, from the impact as devices come in, to presentation as we develop apps and mobile web sites, and the strategy
RT : "When you define yourself by your competition, you limit your vision to the extent of your competition."
You are an animal providing AFL fans precious information! The AFL dictionary!
Final panelist, Lydia Loren from Lewis & Clark revisiting the orphan metaphor: abandoned, misused, abused
Ya Allah I wanna Your exceeds expectation miracle !!! Only miracle !!!!.
thanks bro! I appreciate it
ahh geez you're going to make me blush - well we appreciate you taking the time and spending the money.
thank you!
Thank you nielsen for the two bux. I spent it on beer, and no... I won't send you your quiz or whatever this thing is.
#Plano trivia: What pizza chain opened their first restaurant in Plano? *First to answer correctly wins a Starbucks gift card!*
Tied series!!! Congrats !
dude what's going on??? Lol
Facebook=killing positive nostalgic images of people from past who really should have stayed there...admired friends become sexist, hateful.
We've marked a bunch of items down at DT2. Anything green-tagged is 25% off... that's about half the store! Brave the snow and say hello!
“: So glad I'm a #Gemini. #GeminiPride” you are so dead on with your tweets, keep it up
trying so hard not to fall asleep right now
Been honored2work with and for some great people these last 6 years...the name on the front meant something to them&it showed 2day
say no more homie..just link when u can
3D makes EVERY movie better!
Q: How many helicopters does it take for White House aides to go play a round of golf?A: Depends on how many were photographed.
off for a little while . hopefully when i get back on i'll have more followers <3 love you
Almost 70 degrees in February, let's get outside and enjoy it today!
anytime! And rounds like s perfect breakfast!
Not a bad view! Badger nation will be there to join you in a few days!
yeah. a couple times. but usually its just a <3 or like idk.
Headed to King George to be with Pern, & Bushel of whole crabs waiting and doing some party planning!
So PROUD of my best friend for that unassisted triple play <3
guyshh CHECK OUT MY WORLD ON GOOGLE HAVE A LOOK AT MY PICS ... :D
working but that's ok
at HQ working with on detroit's localwiki, alongside a graphic design intro class!
My team flopped out of the playoffs so I won't complain about the Miami Heat.
Hey guys i'm selling my mac book, And it comes with secret unreleased songs.
Go Bonnie :)
": I'm almost pretty. Lol"<<<< you are very pretty
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY 3
Jogging home so I make it back in time for
TeamiPhone or TeamAndroid... bberry is amazing until it dies :/ mine only lasted a year had to order a new one...
“: I just wanna #FHBO RT : I just wanna dance..” YES me too!! Haha
aw haha and that's so sweet! :) *giggles* ": Hey, your birthday is comin up. :) I miss you."
nah, not my fam.....ill get her back...ill jus drive her crazy..thats easy for me to do!!!
Necessary Rant: One of my students wants to make a compromise in regards to her grades...meaning I raise it and she gets happy...
Time heals all wounds.
aww!! We heart you!!!
It feels good to be ME!!!
snow in philly this weekend... im not pleased
Awesome last Friday practice of STRYKE
#ArentYouTiredOf getting in a cab and saying follow that car! But you have to wait for Rebecca Black to decide which seat to take katt willi
Society has trained me, and others like me, to live in fear.
Thanks for the follow! I heard your beat changed. What stories are you covering now?
Nah, Carter has a spare. Just dunno where mine went and it's bugging me. Thanks though
. TY for follow!
what'd you break it in with? Heart and Soul, or good ol' Chopsticks?
#cwebodymedia What does tour Tebet market segmentation look like? Which of those customers is your target customer?
Which dessert did you enjoy on Friday? :)
LMFAO! hm.... Not really :D
just because Sandusky was a former PSU coach doesn't mean 2nd Mile was a PSU organization so how is this relevant? Cont...
happy birthday ttw
Aw hush! Lol
this speaks volumes about you my friend!
Olympic 7s bore me for some reason but I gotta get the 6s
Huge thanks to and for having us out to ATT Altitude Gym last night. Great event and a great Gym!
Cheers 2 - I received #SaulBass book c/o in mail. Thanks again! It's ah-mazing & so #inspiring!
Fine, you better call!
Main Reason: Her appointee to Public Safety Commission: Mike Levy. He is incompetent. She will not replace him.
|#quotes The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?
Pictures of the little brother?
Sorry about the site being down. Again. Its back up now, order away
Time to get some work done.....goodnight Twitter
Drix, you know you love it!
little harsh?
...and this one belongs to the #Reds!
well he was one of the original jailblazers ..
RT OT Rule 1st team score win...#49ers win the toss...
hey OMGWire, are you still looking for staff writers?
Most underrated rap album:
why wont u follow
cool Thanx. Gonna look into that
In short, "Mad Men" is taking a lot longer to grab me than, say, "Friday Night Lights" or "Breaking Bad" did.
Feathered February! One Week until SQUAWK starts! get your tickets now!!
interesting, I wish I was there instead of the mixtape panel
I think I drove off in margarita with your car in my hand but in not sure what happened to your car.
Angela Carter is awesome
are you now comparing yourself to Marat? Really? I mean, Really?
Getting 2 dogs from NM next week from a high kill shelter. Hoping to find both GREAT homes...trying to do my little bit for the homeless...
This #movember shirt is going to be epic!
I love you too, boo!
for sure I'm free! why the 17th?
Haha just txt me
OH : Membase = data corruption at scale
NEW! The Science of Presentations With Dan Zarrella
Realizing the power of language. Infuriated a woman by saying "Uterus" and "fuck" at the OBGYN today. Seriously?
Good morning! We're open at 11am! SW 9th and Alder.
today is my daughters birthday! ! Have a great day everyone!
Jake, are u gonna make it? Do u want a McChicken? -
haha oh believe me I want a day off too but if you take a day off somebody will pass you and beat you that's what I think haha
Okay. Must go eat...later
"Love isn't a word OR action. It's an idea. And—when this IDEA is understood, we express it in the most creative and intuitive ways! —DJ T&B
If & I worked as hard on writing an article abt libraries as playing DrawSomething, we would've easily written a masterpiece
the iPhone app works on the iPad.
twitter on my Iphone is way easier then on the computer..
All I know is that it is so hott!!! Anyone agree?
Just in time for winter! I'll still get some sunlight, even if it's dark(ish) when I arrive and dark when I leave :)
End your day with something to be thankful for...helps you to sleep better.
This school day needs to fly by. I have plans. <333
Most cars have a sticker in the drivers' door that tells the weight of the vehicle
LoL yes draw all the fandom related things! LoL Ugh once I can word it out then I'll be happy to vent, its stuck right now *Hugs*
Are you wondering if #p90x works??
I can't watch this contortionist. Gross!!
no you're wrong. Im right! ^.^
So, I've been getting my mentions hella late, WHY?
Quick question: on a scale of 1 to 10, how often do you go to any page on the Yahoo! site (including the search function)?
Monster Rain...remember...Monster Rain...you will get through this!!!
Had great time's in the BX last night!!
Half the time I feel like saying
im so very sorry 2my bestiieee i cant hit u up rightnow cz idont got a phone nor labtop =(but ill xplain l8r cuz im in class
#MaximumBeadle What does Rex Ryan need to do in the #Jets locker room, to get them back to the playoffs and back on track?
Man we arguing like we still together WTF!
10 days of class left!!!
(Yes I'm going crazy with ticket buying now) I just got tickets for M. Ward at 9:30 Club on 5/13/2012: on
Dear "Nob Hill Corp", your San Mateo & Constitution location makes your use of the 1st two words suspect
lol yeah he IS sexy (; haha
how far did you run man?
After i finished calling for the 1000000000000000th time my mom was like "im scared of how much ur phone bill is gonna be" lol
...BTW...I'm at Mamma Sbarro's(The one we ate at last year)In NYC =)
Thanks! It's about time, eh?
haha- I got some work for u! Work for me! An just hold out for the warm weather! It's coming on Wednesday!
Its time
Teacher:I need an example of an interger(-). Kid: -69 Teacher: What's an example of positive? Me: +69 . Teacher: Enough with it!
the way my cat is adoring me right now really just means he wants food :(
your like an Indian summer in the middle of winter ..like a hard candy with a surprise center.
oh yep I've been pretty good had my ups and downs though
I got my camera today, this is so cool, thank u for doing this!
Hannah Montana
aint nothin like a good high
I have 781 followers and none of them retweet my tweets.
That is wired. I've never seen that. Gross
I need to go to new orleans
Having Fun With Yaheyra And Ebony. ^-^ <3
See why the fuck are you asking me where I'm from. Like if I really wanted your ass to know I'd turn on my location...
u r special ur my kind of special:)
just saw your movie never say never and I must admit I was impressed... Blown away your story really touched my heart.
Goodnight Beautiful people <3
Twitter is still showing my old user? This is annoying.
21+ ICON FRIDAYS: GLOW PARTY SPECIAL EVENT FT DJ REFLEX, , , D-NICE DRUMSET, &
Just got a long overdue cut from at Bang U st. Looking good for the summer heat in DC!
dj just described musician as Chilean Bob Dylan. I should pay more attention when the radio is on.
YES INDEED! Maybe a little Bmore fun :)
Sweet. You need to be the tip of the spear for Paleo promotion.
50 cent beer night tonight starting at 5pm. Time to get out and enjoy this beautiful weather while it lasts!
#HalfNelson movie....interesting
how'd the haircut/grade end up? Twit pic?
No work today! I would be giddy about it, but my sinuses are so stopped up, I can't freaking breathe! :-(
« « Any fool with a dick can make a baby but, only a real man can raise his children»»
#Revenge time..I love this show!
Just found a bug wherein 9,000+ mysterious AJAX requests are fired, for no apparent purpose, in under 30 seconds.
hey Cinders. For a short film possibly filmed in LA.
Calibration is the key to print, we calibrate our printers every two hours or when we change a roll. How often do you ?
Grind4Success= Maturity, Dreamer, Faith, Focus, Determination, Dreamer, Integrity, but most of all HARDWORK
Just found the song of my life!!!! #score!!
You should cite yourself! RT your own report and build that brand! :-)
Can't believe this semester is already coming to a close
Not even bothering to check my geometry grade. I know i failed.
tryna go see that new #americanpie tonight. shit looks like its gonna b great
I'm watching the game right now. I don't have any plans and I'm not sure I want to go out. What are you doinst?
Anyone wanna buy a spectator pass to #MLG Anaheim? I'm not going to be able to go. It's $35, which is what I paid for it. I swear. :-)
Not only am I playing at the acoustic on the 19th, but so is ! Come down and see us play some music for the MTG :)
in Focused learning community meeting trying to find common definition of "mobile learning"
FX is going with a space theme today... Lost in Space, Star Trek and Planet of the Apes. Where the Space Jam?
Find out what’s happening, right now, with the people and organizations you care about
If only.
wow. You're my hero right now. Congrats on Shark Tank!
Are you kidding? You would make more money by selling tank-tops...this is the desert...sheesh!!!
1000 followers! #HellYes special thanks to ALL of #TeamYes Love you all!
got my acsessories for halloween, and i saw lida, sergio, and na'breona at halloween city. love ya'll.jk
Almost 100 (and growing) here protesting the USC master plan and EIR [Figueroa and Expo] before USC 6pm event
i think i have a self-distribution strategy... maybe? more when i flesh it out better
love census indexers with great handwriting!
I feel like crying omg I love him :,)
RT : Confused about Twitter? Ask your VA to teach you and help manage your account.
haha, we think that might finally get BoA some Props. ;)
Remy seems to think he's a pug!
I love my girlfriend
The “best” college for a student is not necessarily the most prestigious, it's the one that offers a student the most opportunities.
Am I the only one who had an out-of-body experience listening to on #Idol tonight? WOWZAPALOOZA!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for calling me today. Made me feel <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> see u tomorrow
District Track meet at Woodlands today!!!
Isn't it obvious that Kim has no skills or talent and she needs to be thankful she's got a man (with a lil' money) and Kandi to help her?
Murray State is a very good team, but profile suggests a 6 seed. Nothing to be ashamed of.
As a wise Jedi once said...*get off twitter & get your rest*
Junior Seau committed suicide? If that's true its very unfortunate & it goes to show that u never know what may be going on w/ someone.
CandySwipe nearing 2 million game plays since its release in December!
lol no just nails
#15peopleilove #2 even though she beats me...
Click www.souncloud.com/djdmannyc listen and enjoy!!
#gumroad is brilliant. Who said all the great ideas were taken? Gumroad.com
Tuesday is ladies day! $10.00 off any oil change, we come to your office, business or home.
It's a big deal in that we operate like we're Belton. That's all.
get the Pacers inked on your bicep, the Kings inked on your head, and the Lakers inked on your ring finger
sounds like fun haha
#AutoRepair When the Car Wonâ € ™t Start
If you're going to Opening Day, leave now.
Are you for Obama's United Socialist States of America?
Hey Jason...thanx for the RT!
give a little time to me, we'll burn this out.
36k at first break from 20k starting stack in MGM 1600 main.
#GABF winner Two Tortugas Belgian Quad preview tomorrow 1 keg goes on until it's gone.
Twinsies say thank you!
Obama strategists are predicting it now. Guess it all depends on what the economy does, and doesn't do.
wait. what? I thought we were open for business. I was told that small business owners would rule the world. weird.
know you've been in bltmore for awhile when you see an unlocked bike parked in another city and stare in awe.
u at work
very well put.
RT : We feature some of the best #blogs in
Merion mercy ! <U+E415> best school ever ! I went there for a tour and loved it <333
just got a press release that began: "hello [first name]." gonna be a good week, it seems.
The Ultimate Fighter sucks this season! I can't wait until it goes international. We will see fireworks then for sure.
today is 'National Train Day'
LOVED IT and loved that her husband supports her also. RT : How did y'all feel about Viola's 'do? Gasp in horror? Admire her ...
As of this morning all City Council members will likely adopt legal opinion of the Law Dept and not include the D3 map.
RT : Well behaved women seldom make history.
I saw the love of my life last week and felt nothing
Thanks to and @ for retweeting the news of the ghost conference with their followers. :)
In their wisdom, the Founders provided us with a 2nd Amendment allowing us to shoot any big mouth, motherfucker invoking the 1st Amendment.
Still some availability for November & December, discounts apply!! orangegrovesvilla.com
ok have fun:)
Definitely and keep Fields as well. He's pretty good too.
Our bird feeder is now attracting cats AND rats. Should one cancel the other out?
Time is never wasted when you're getting wasted.
predicting 18 holes in one! Woot!
Sounds like you're getting caught up in your lies.
Yes ma'am! :) Warrrrmmmm down here too
when you get a moment, DM me where to resend press kit for interview. Love you much!
Lessons from #WMNatSec : Gender bias: women can be labeled as “support” Need to toot your own horn. Make others aware of your resume.
*snort* Keep your snoogers to yourself.
Seven days without ones love makes one weak
Just landed in LA for the week for work.. Already saw Far East Movement
Thx for the reco. RT If you're looking for a great place to eat, The Prado.. is in the park. Excellent food.
HEY TJ! :D
#breakfastclubsmoke is trending! I don't understand the smoke part, but break a leg to everybody in the cast today <3 love you all!
Can someone in the UI/UX world PLEASE explain why apps & websites still read "username" during log in when I'm really submitting my email?
- I got things to do and not argue over this foolery <<<< No excuses for Kobe, just like Lebron
sorry. Some ur undergrads junk article on wind power in the newspaper. We shall respond
return to work set for 5/10. still in shock here. much to do while brain is foggy. Ms.15 with her dad, house is quiet and new normal far off
They say that quitters never win.
OMG HE NEEDA HURRY UP AND COMEE ON..!!!!!!!
I visit you daily, tell you volcano will destroy your island next year, offer free ticket for ship to escape, but you decline? God is Love
In the lobby for a drink. Can't believe how warm it is at
read this
Dark chocolate lovers can try Mo’s Dark Bacon Bar which uses 62% dark chocolate than milk chocolate
watching other artists live shows is inspiring as hell
That's right you will! :) RT: Silly class u preventd me from winning TT. But ill get them next time
Love the photos especially Miles and Foxy Brown
I can't watch it because you linked it from YouTube Mobile lol.
Follow I will follow back
A girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
great post thank you so much <3
#dying [HD] Nightcore - Time Of Dying
“: Lovin watching the bucks on Espn. Bucks v Bulls playoff series would be sweet. #bucks” nice!
S/O 2 for showing me love last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> thanks boo
Indeed. That would work really well with the new HQ building they're working on.
Damn today is beautiful! Suns out, slight breeze, and 70 degrees. This calls for a cold one.
Tweet ya' later!
Late night grind
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” -Vince Lombardi
I saw that haha but I'm gonna change it now! (:
Tickets to catch rock on April 24th go on sale tomorrow at 10AM, make sure to bookmark this link --> bit.ly/zx2DR2
DailyHookahTip#156: Don't light quick-start #coals on the #hookah, light it on the stove to prevent undesirable tastes from your
No problem, have a good day! RT : Thanks for the RT!
I just wanna give a big thank you to my friend, , for fucking me out of eating Panda Express tonight. Sure Commons will be fine.
I HATE for someone to sneeze on me, in my direction, or sneeze with covering their mouths...
thanks for the mention! have a great weekend!
Greco's tips: 1)Assess organization's financial health and readiness to support scale, 2)establish comfort with growth strategy...
Pittsburgh is fucked up... We gotta get it together.
if they're staying the weekend, we shall stalk
": im fina move to Milwaukee.. fuck it, YOLO!!!!"aint nothing here lol
We will be having a Year End Wine Bottle Sale along with a late night happy hour for New Year's Eve!
don't ignore my business card :-)
SPAM. And it was completely unintentional. Just because I have a dislike for doesn't mean i dislike you. :)
next time I want an adventurous cab ride; I'm calling on you. You can hail a cab in Cali from your #smartphone right?
Thanks for the info! Was hoping it was going to be soon.
i wanna meet austin mahone
Yeah, I agree. Thanks for sharing that!
Thanks for the #ff!
makes me wonder what you got in your car Ocho... Or what that squirrel was trying to bury in your floor mat...???
I personally would like as our official glove of the team local company and quality production
I <U+2764> and her boo relationship they so THUGED OUT!!
Life is a total of hurt and love in a big circle.
what prize do you win if you get the most favorites for your #defineentrepreneurship post?
It doesn't feel like Sunday. But I can guarantee that tomorrow will feel like a Monday.
If you still ask about my patentS you obviously do not know me.
If you can't handle me at my worst, you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Home waiting for my baby!!! <U+2764>
Want to buy a prison system? a #Lottery? Liquor distribution rights? a #Turnpike? The State of #Ohio is selling! Get em while they're hot!
Best laid plans... Left early for Estacada and just pulled over b/c the under storage compartments won't lock. Never a dull moment!!
and i missed it once again!!ugh
But that's just because of the bad look people give it
Hi Mike I have always looked up to you in many way whether it was when I was boxing or just in general you are my
I'd be willing to donate a box.
Dividing to conquer today! headed to Jax for meeting & staying put to work on #FAS2012 poster.
I'm alive&i will survive show the world that I can take it
I'm not going to wait around forever
HA! Really? #BadPR RT : works for So, PR 101, "Reuters has a story today..." isn't going to hook him.
Blake Griffin is destroying Zach Randolph in the post.
greet me with a middle finger when you see me!! ill be honest mals--kinda #drunk right now
YES!! RT “: Spent the night thinking about Facebook changes. One thing clear: content more important than ever.”
Merry Christmas!
There are some def. moments in Twitter of historical sig. (Iran elections) & then there are the long-term trends.
Director is the pilot of the story in a lighthouse to keep the actors off the rocks.
damn! I thought Robb Vogel was going to get the endorsement. Second pick was you.
you'd be throwing your tomatoes at them. Still hoping for a Community softball game.
Goodyear, ACT At Thunder Road - PaddockTalk
Only Hoes Out At This Time Of The Night
DS: the Ravens season is over.. But with the draft, free agency, Ozzie's magic & training camp, we'll get to 1,000 followers by next season!
awh thank you ;)
What photo??
My cousin has her prom today. I lovee her soo much, and I'm excited for her. <3
What is the term for plunging just-cooked food, such as vegetables, into ice-cold water to halt the cooking?
Beat in bowling :)
#sschat #edteach #edchat How do you deal with colleagues who are unwilling to try new ideas especially in the area of technology?
#StayAwayFromMeIf if u have absolutely nothing positive to say...
young jeezy#leave you alone.
Anywhere! I would have hit that up today for lunch but didn't want to get out of my car.
you guys were awesome! And I got one of your new CDs! I love it!!!
Sizzlin' Summer Sunday Drag Brunch! Erica Andrews & Krystal Summers will make you laugh & smile while u enjoy some great food! ck us out!
tmrw we going ham. So stop whining.
I have so many funny things I want to say about the kid wearing a Lakers jersey and hat. Dude, Kobe won't help you pass this final.
I miss our life talks
Which is preferable in C#: partial classes or extension methods, and why?
More great Ergen nuggets: The DISH chair also said Monday that if AT&T's proposed $39B takeover of T-Mobile goes through, the doors are ope…
Don't know what I'm gonna do tonight. Last episode of Desperate Housewives EVER. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I will literally be crying rivers.
Just out of curiosity, are your parents siblings?
RT : RT For younger kids, Treat “whine” as a foreign language. Since you don’t understand whine, he will stop...
theres never a right time to say goodbye
I like men, not boys.
How is that??
mission accomplished :)
That fictional book is now more powerful than the man they suppose to SERVE
Saw folks shooting #Dexter on pacific in #sanpedro yesterday. #sanpedro is the new
well it's likee messages from other people, so it's not me hahaa. but thanks (:
I really like your pants, off.
theres a 1 in a million chance that will notice me
No one in this whole bar is talking. The set is just that hauntingly beautiful.
...then I tried a cheesecake made with red berry ciroc.. Superb.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>lol
Music on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno - WM
well thank you-everyone loving the new pic!!! Thx
she was like that everyday for us when I was in eighth grade. feel lucky (:
lol that's why
One of favorite tips on writing...Why this day? Answer this questions and you'll fix many-a-plot.
Ah so full!!
Three more... RT : CALL TO ARTIST: ART Milwaukee is commissioning a mural at Miller Brewery.
we're not that bright cut us some slack :/ lol
todd mentioned said cookware. Im jealous.
Great info about that pirate app!
Last day of CAMEX, come see us in #2521!
Great to meet you yesterday at your super informative talk. Safe travels home!
Mother's Day is a Week a away. Give her something that will impact How she looks & feels: A gift certificate or appt. 904-636-0787
cssmania now charges $10 to submit? whack.
you think that will ever happen and whos this cool guy your talkin about?
Tell us about YOUR experiences with Hieber’s – post here, message us, or email . Tell us what you like, or what we can...
I admire your views and your desire to help! Hugs
Free dessert per table on us this week! Just check in to us on your Yelp, Facebook, or Foursquare apps when you visit.
isn't he so adorable? at first he didn't like it-than we stepped outside in the rain and now he's in love with the jacket.
This could be the little devil who is prankish or disruptive in the classroom or with other playmates.
dam dats one kool ass teacher who finally sees all the effort u have done during ur skoolwork...
fear of snakes
Musicians watching #8in8 panel, remember something Damian Kulash said at the beginning: "It's great, except nobody pays you"
you know I'm behind the scenes working on my performance, thank you so much you will b in the vip every time I go, much L H
Thanks Laura!! <3 <3 Hope you are having a great week. X
In art with damn fool.....
absolutely. Btw, Your work looks great up there. Awesome job!
Chili Cookoff in San Diego this saturday!
Does anyone know anything about Inverse #Kinematics? Seeking a Sr. #Developer with IK exp. Hit me up if interested -
no way! Do tell - who? Do you remember? are they still in the competition? AWESOME
Well done, Steph. Very even tempered and non-accusatory while still getting your point across. Well done.
Hah...I will ask you questions, don't worry. Unless you WANT to do a monologue :)
Hi MU Grads! The GSO is looking to organize a series of 'Coffee & Conversation' to chat w/ grads from all over campus. What times work best?
Rivera reveals that before his injury, he was leaning towards returning to pitch in 2013.
Watching Harold&Kumar (: its the new christmas one(:
4th row lucas oil vs steelers sunday night. I will take it al day
I love how I can relate to every song. They're the best <3
Wider sidewalks for people to walk outdoors & breathe the terrible #LA air? How about subsidies for healthier foods & #diets ?
Solar biomass: using trees, bacteria, algae, corn, soy beans, or oilseed to make energy fuels, chemicals, or building materials.
hey I got to go bye
What's your all-time favorite beauty product and why?
Happy overstuff day. Today is the day u can still taste the turkey from yesterday in your burp
Was expecting to come home to some bomb food considering everyone was feasting before I went out.... Nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
going to be great :)
The Sultan of Buffalo Sneezes #coworker is back from her 2-week vacay. Drat. Just in time for allergy season
also we're going to find a way to blame this on luongo somehow.
the last day of my Tuesday/Thursday classes
well neither can I
can't believe this school year is coming to an end!!! =/...wow it went by SO fast!!!
#6 the first day on the countdown <3
Its complicated!
car payment day sucks
It's actually very interesting. I just couldn't help being a smart-a$$.
Mother Nature wreaked havoc on the roses with these winds - petals all over. Looks like a wedding took place in the backyard.
no, that IS vacuum. I need a carpet broom.
also check out the free vocabsushi iPhone app &learn GRE vocab through classic novels. flashcards out/Jane Austen in!
looks like I found Nemo.
miss you too!
good heavens! Of course I shall… so sorry for the good Mister :(
so very lame
Wow! Hollie Cavanagh opened #americanidol with a terrific rendition of "Rolling in the Deep" by Adele. Well done.
But I'm feeling a lot better--thank you :)
pretty good nap
Where have you checked?
BEST DAY EVER! Clearly Ally has magical powers. See y'all tonight!!
i have JB as A Friend on skype
Sit yo 5 dollar ass down, before I make change ! (;
eat chocolate bunnies and say fuck it like the rest of us bro
#Zipsters, you only need to complete three simple steps for a chance to win a free ride in a BMW.
Hi Please email us at and we'll respond accordingly | Thanks for the interest in
Need to go buy a frame for this photo.
RT : The Dickman Brothers are in Seattle tomorrow night at Benaroya Hall! Matthew Dickman & Michael Dickman Come......
Who is wearing shorts in the workplace today? My hair is frizzing out a bit from this Van Hise humidity.. :/ wa-wa.
What was your biggest surprise moment ever on the show?
K twitter is fuckin up... :/
I Hate My Face
The Daily Aztec is independent from us. But scanning the archives does sound like a good idea!
Could I please have a beta invite code? Thanks!!
Marlies and Carlos say have a good trip as well. We missed you in New York!
id be willing to trade some Christmas ale for #vawine..... (wish id known sooner, there's some in the fridge!)
Goodmorning Austin! Love you(:
So they remade punk'd
Mushrooms always grow in damp places and so they look like umbrellas.
Mizzou is a force to be reckoned with in the NCAA tournament. Anything less than a Final 4 appearance will be a complete failure.
We will be hiking at Kenneth Hahn park in Los Angeles next Saturday July 9th. Join us!! Register at www.nourishedfamilys.com.
This guy is super funny on that kobe interview
Tom Cruise turns 50 this year
my first time doing one on my own. don't hurt yourself...its really rough. lol ;)
Habitat accepts all people no matter race, religion,political affiliation, sexual orientation, or background. We love you all.
Didn't get it wet. Didn't do nuttin to it... Why it acting ?!? Slow, much??? :P
Starting work on a local showing of The Visitor - great coalition working to talk about immigration detention and deportation issues.
I'm not familiar with the show #unnecessaryhashtaggery Also, they should consider shortening it.
ah san diego <3 i truly don't understand how i survived five years away from you. one weekend was too long.
Sunshine and swell times
James Harden got elbowed hard...wow!!!
Woke up in a world where #lakings are 1 win from the Stanley Cup Finals..... Im so going to LA!!
call me
my #WifeWalker also refuses to talk about #GameOfThrones with me.
whiteness creates the false sense of interest whiteness becomes property
I'm still drunk, gotta sober up so I can head to the studio
take no advice from Erica lol.
good question e__e
Man I absolutely CANNOT WAIT for next weekend. The Players is my favorite event on tour.
Sure, you can deal with kids, but can you deal with Skwirls? We hope so!!!!! Best & success!!!!
We are right here and working hard! :)
Thanks for the retweet@
oh ok sweet! Let's chill, it's nice- pretty hot lately!
bring in your wife and kids for some ice cream! :-)
good to know!! With or without chocolate?
This is not a premiere?
Thank You mami : Easy to support the talent you share! Happy Sunday T!
I miss playing in my band so much right now
it's gross, but I feel like it's a different shade of yellow
I use to be in ma twitter bag heavy im so lite now smh
i need to clear my mind.
You're my beautiful girl.
who said anything about a baby?
Don't fall before you're pushed. - Proverb
The #jackdaniels selection is now done as well!! Look for these personal touches at #mgmgrandlv bars and outlets in the coming weeks!!!
I may have given a damn, but I NEVER gave a fuck.
Stop ignoring your pain and let someone help you get to the bottom of it. www.drbradfarra.com
good signing.
I was wondering if yhu CLD follow me todai
and now you want somebody to cure the lonely nights, you wish you had somebody to come and make it right.
! the sheer hypocrisy of it all. and yes, i guess room for boys too, but i feel like shared poison = worse!
lol really at 3:22 in the morning u don't think it can wait until later?
Can't wait for the next party.
damn man I missed out on that session. But I have started 420 already
Thanks, we did! Too bad I couldn't get the kid to eat the Mac 'N Cheese :-)
I really hate when I drop the bottle cap cuz I def dont put that shit back on the bottle
she is choosy or something but the fact that we always want to give her the best makes it
you were blonde?
rejected... at least money takes no part in this for me
Can I wear gold lamé?
i heard you are visiting me! :)?
Are you participating in ? We're excited for Friday's #edemocracy panel.
Anyone know why traffic is being redirected on my block and cars are being searched? Not sure if I should go out to ask questions...
dude. Are you stupid?
Yes a good talk happened last night indeed. I can't confirm the Subway sandwich though. :)
Lupia. Communicating in a partisan environment: like it or not, your science communication is political
it has been quite a while! :)
Watching Steve Jobs special on 60 minutes. He reminds me so much of a boss I once had it's scary!
wish that was here in idaho too!!!!!
no way!!! Are you for real?! :) we like him
Can I get a little goose in my Oj?
the #AHSFX finale was terrible. Made me want to vomit.
I really like bulk product import/export extension for magento... Helped me a lot with custom options and gallery images.
For sure RT : A3: What about Fried Green Tomatos? Or Okra? M....
Its going to be another late open mic. Thanks to all the amazing ppl playing and listening
Carnevor Gift Card + Mother's Day Card = Done Shopping :)
Thanks so much to everyone who attended #Chicago Heroes for #Haiti last night. Great turnout for a great cause.
"bartenders are the new musicians" -
B Shutz: Gold OA allows teachers and concerned citizens to remain inside the scholarly community.
Inaccuracy. RT : What in the world has gotten into Rajon Rondo's jump shot?
#nowfollowing hopefully the guy with the long black hair healed your sinuses...lol.
May is going to be incredibly busy. Wouldn't have it any other way :)
k guyz im out realy tired mabe and will notice me tomorow
why are we calling this number
I can't Drive Slow Cause I feel Like I'm NEVER gonna get to my destination
yeah sounds good! :)
OH on Angelina's dress: She looks like a bloody, dying swan. No, she looks like a tampon.
Planning for 2011 Tax season
that's great!
Nah, criticism and commentary is valid too - especially if it incites other people to make progress. :-)
#drugreactions: Side effects of a #drug can take years to appear. Use medications that have been in the market for several years.
always Yo call me
lol u silly
What's Happnin
Why can't I just meet one really amazing guy?
Feel like a good uncle by taking my nephew to the movies
Its funny cause your a whore and your like twelve.
Ditto! Sign me up to canvass : haven't given to re-elect yet, but will if finally comes out for
#FF for hosting our nearly sold out performance this past Tuesday.
Actually it sounds like your *get up early for work* body clock is working just fine.
Keep up the great work. I enjoy watching you play. lovely family my bro keep playing hard..
Hello I am a student of and am inquiring about internships at in Milwaukee. Are still you accepting?
Are you religious? Because I'm the answer to all your prayers
My resolve to get at least 8 hours of sleep each night is weak. Going to give it another shot tonight. 'Night twitterverse.
That Zumba fitness ain't no joke
the shining will forever remind me of film lit, lol
Writing a novel.
It's too early for movie-making...
We can't tell you just yet. But something tells us if you reread that tweet a few times, you'll pickup on a few clues. ;)
Great turn out at #bashh ! Time to work the crowd.
how appropriate :) !
"Music is the shorthand of emotion." -Leo Tolstoy
Be on the lookout for the latest Prof. Burke commercial which is also co-promoting #TheAvengers!
": “Solitude is a way to defend the spirit against the murderous din of our materialism.”-Thomas Merton"
Wish I could play... RT Starting a summer flag football league tonight
I can't handle this anymore...
Yours is hardly a "fresh" perspective - it's just the same treadworn social conservatism.
I'm going to something called a mushroom dinner tonight. It better be FUN(gus)!
Unfortunately my unicorn powers can't work in these situations. odfjgdfg Why did this have to happen. Ugh. that's so sad D:
We live in the “WTF” generation. [W]ikipedia [T]witter [F]acebook
Q7 Read & save job descriptions for positions you like. Ask yourself how you can get those qualifications via work/study/volunteer
Tonight's Band Night with THE CHEATERS is brought to you by Jagermeister!
Missed you too, Dapper!
it personally...i mean u gotta laugh at life 2 enjoy it.:-) <U+2594>\<U+2581>(<U+30C5> )<U+2581>/<U+2594>
Maybe you're just Hungry?
worst realization
Looking for Youtube's next big star for my show, would love to profile them. Follow and send me their info!
Fantastic speech from POTUS and now time for the GOP rebuttal. Should be interesting...
u guys'll make it, hope u do well, but there are only 3-4 teams that can win it all this year.
Happy to report that I successfully defended my dissertation yesterday. Thanks to many of you for the encouragement & friendship
Well it's time for a nap, than it's off to the taste of colorado. Meeting some friend, going to see the Neville Brothers. Later ;-))!!!
how'd you do?
if this game stays like this syracuse will pull out and win. Cuse wins close games.
32 teams with about 12 players each and only 32 owners is that fair. 50/50 split is that fair?
“: Chase is in town. I can see you parked down the street from my house.” you should check his bedroom;)
I don't need to hope anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed.
"It's all about ass, isn't it?"
Wonder who I'm riding wit tmrw down KennyWood ..
we had a crazy night
Shower time. When I come back the Lakers better be in the lead.
yes (: #middleschoolmemories are the best haha (: so much dramma but never really apart of it this year(:
ok, i will foever officailly never eat another popcicle ever again
I just can't stop listening to My Kinda Party by Jason Aldean!
I never sweat a bish that y I alway keep a towel
4 for me :D
: stop stalking austin mahone. ;D he's a normal kid like you both .... losers ;D
Yes!!! Good things DO happen to good people.
I have used 199.9 mb out 200 mb for this month on data... I'm one lucky dude
Rather die enormous than live dormant, that's how we on it.
Just dance, gonna be okay, down on the floor. Just dance, spin that record, babe, been here before.
All your fortune lies beneath your hat. - John Oldham
On the way to band contest:)
Fuck it im never coming to the movies wit her nd him again
LET'S GO HEAT!!!
Disney's night of Joy. Mercyme, BarlowGirl, Thirday....etc. Sat sept.11-12. What a way to think about 9/11.
Can't wait to see my sister tomorrow!!!
RT : Move in day for class of 2016 is Aug 23rd! #soexcited --> Make sure to follow and !
Np! Thanks for the follow also. :)
#itsawesomewhen my crush looks at me and smiles
Tom was with me at a political function and introduced himself as Todd, todd palin. I'm married to a smart alek.
Busy here already! And people are looking to buy instead of just looking! Great news!
Now, Marie: "My soul paces the afterlife...puff phantom cigarettes...what haunts me is what's left unreconciled."
Yankees activate Eric Chavez; send Eduardo Nunez to Triple-A. (Carig)
thanks and thanks for your interest in the event. Our bishop will be there, I think.
#viennateng and #alexwong were absolutely awesome!
I wish would make me something to eat -.-
My boyfriend needs to cone home sooner!
it to do neat things. Totally new project, so the rules haven't all been written yet. Which is part of why I'm excited. :D
Was at dinner and 2 women were talking next to us. NONSTOP. Sounded like clucking hens after a minute. I think I was happier their food came
ebay is usually ur best bet for older stuff, just make sure the seller has good feedback.
Thank you for the shout out, Alex. We should meet up this week. Interested?
Manhattan..but I'm headed to Jersey now. Will be in the Bronx & Jersey City tomorrow..
Another birthday where I wish you would come up to me, text me, or tell me on facebook to have a happy one, but it never happens.
"Schmaltz, or chicken fat, has a great flavor and richness; it has a deeper flavor than duck fat and can be used on nearly everything."
Have you been wondering about renting out your house for the Super Bowl? What ?s do you have? Send them my way for a Star article I'm doing.
all these ladies are freaking pepas!
The security of "security questions" seems dubious. I always think my answers could be figured out with a little reporting.
It was fun last night! :) RT : Hanging out with at Front Page news in Little 5!
Hey I need to talk to you!
1.You dance amazing 2.Sing amazing! 3.You are amazingly HOT!!!!! Wow #Triple-threat!!!!!! #Inspiration #Rt<3
Those Chincoteague photos are beautiful.
If I hadn't been late to school I could've asked my mom to pick me up early
reasons to whine? perhaps, but there is a constructive way to verbalize feelings that doesn't include whining
Hey , my answer is Joanne
D;
When you start LIVING for GOD...worry, pain, anger ends.... Start living for God and watch how your life changes!
That'll work. :)
12 great fast & furious messages in, I ask about meeting this week & she goes silent for 24 hrs. This is sandpaper on my sanity.
Sorry I'll have to miss the dry run after the #SItweetup. How to catch the next one!
austin has a gf?
Bell bell I am SO happy! lol
Humor distorts nothing, and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals
Ready for this Craig Campbell concert! HH central is about to get started in about 10min. Come party with the best!
are you still in tally ?
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
A Simple Homemade Brownie Recipe from Scratch by Simone Smith
I love a man that can eat pussy right!!
that is to say, #atxcouncil ppds UTPDC contract discussion
#Phraseoftheday - We are in FINAL construction documents, so NO more changes! Ever had to say that before? ;)
Butler opens as a 4 point favorite at home today against the Milwaukee Panthers.
We store no credit card information, and any such info must be reentered each time, so no serious harm could befall you anyway.
“: Barack. Romney is ignorant and fake. RT : Mitt Romney vs. Barack Obama” Obama going down!
I'm a NPR junkie too - esp This American Life and Planet Money. I think we'll get along great!
I meant baseball, to actually have space to stretch out and let it fly. I would if I could though.
Literally just spent the past 5 hours on my floor finishing my label project. My back is in knots :(
heard it was rough for the cinematic quadrupeds. Maybe the Broadway version is the only way to go
Or "Desolation Row"
what time does it start? Screening just ended
You are beautiful. Love.
tears, sneezing, wheezing, and itchies. Bloody
Some of my current openings include: Group Manager; Miami Tourism; AE’s for Tech, Corporate and Consumer; VP, Crisis PR; and Senior Executi…
love ya and thank u 4 holding me down tonight!! Sorry I forgot to thank you on stage, but you and were amazing!!
what's good for Friday bro
#FF - Lily, YOU are amazing. I know things are hard right now, but stay strong. You can get through it. I believe in you.
i do!
well watch that shit.. thats crazy.. it's sad
Lots of #awesome thunder and lightning today. Maybe it'll be quiet?
Good and Sweet dreams remember its not a sweet dream if its not sticky lol
Who told you too be nice?
Ok I see that the use of the word "amazing" to describe the Sonos ad had the wrong intention. I'm just really happy with the results!!
Excited for 's birthday in 4 days!
Now it makes sense! Dem & GOP on was Apr Fools gag. Y else would they be so out of touch? Just let it be!
Honestly, I have no idea. Google it maybe :)
Hey , coming to your party tonight (I'll be the "Blob" particle in Mezz. K-117). Break a leg!
"I didn't think—I couldn't tell if it was a banjo or electric guitar or if it was lightning bolts from heaven." - Hartford on Earl Scruugs
Aside from , a few top #edtech news spots =
Tweet stealing & swagger jacking is for losers!!!
- If the BOSS says New Jersey, it's New Jersey
I am talking to a number of nonprofits and child advocates in the area to maximize the impact of this effort. Website will be up by mid Oct.
Great! It will be the start to a spring of looking differently at our outdoors.
Life is a shit sandwich and on bad days you get no bread
I like your style.
I didn't think it was possible to find announcers more annoying than Buck & Aikman or the MNF crew. I was wrong.
That's good Linde.... We all have them days sis
You're welcome! I'm doing great! Thanks for asking. ;)
not unless you are here.
thanks, Pamela! I got it at the Hudson Booksellers store in the Nashville airport. It might be an airport thing.
Failure is your best teacher.
so they not jumpin me ? Well he must be an octopus then cause I saw a lot of shit up in my face
Happy Friday everyone!
friday and saturday
oh grass.
Bahahahahahahahahaha!!!! I hope you're okay.
thanks for the follow, and yes I agree The Flaming Lips "Waitin' For A Superman" is a gem.
Tv Lcd Color Lcd Tv Portable - cheap lcd tvs
believe it honey! You deserved it<3 you
that sounds about right for Intel's logic. Strange acquisition...
hey how do you know about ? great to see we have a follower from SoCal!
you could text me !
tummy aches have been off and on 4 awhile. We've talked 2 allergist, gastroenterologist. Another scope coming in June or July.
Hour number 30, had a Monster and an oatmeal raisin cookie. Is today still Monday or April??
"You can now set end times and durations for your Meetups." <-- That's great, and I love you Meetup, but why is this just happening?
Haha I made salsa and guac. My grandma doesn't like cream cheese :(
Light on my heart, light on my feet. Light in your eyes I can’t even speak. Do you even know how you make me weak?
#MSC2011 Happy to see a large number of sessions as well as examples of schools from across the USA being represented.
thank u :)
Come on Angels!!
If I had a gun... Oh wait, I do have a gun... #southern ;)
#questionsihateanswering "do you still like " well la duh I do!
is that Dorothy Hamill?
Haha! You beat me to a tweet of the NYT story. CRAZY STUFF!!
Romance novelist trivia? I want to play that!
Stay positive! We have the Phillies...
Girl, just keep working... lol
This guy keeps yelling "2012!!" In class. Like shut the fuck up. Seriously dude.
when i'm dying i have a feeling i'll be all "i wish i could tweet this right now"
I hope there is somewhere that serves it. When I live there, I know I'm going to miss Bojangles really badly!!
1st game at the Diamond this season, guess we're not good luck to the home team as it was a tough game and temp was chilly
Something about that was stated in a WISN article that wasn't in the JS article.
Virtual tours for Real Estate help #Realtors move properties, but the #MLS will not allow hosting on
The best is when he's the raccoon! "I've had, like, ten babies by now."
let me know
Have an amazing Monday! God created Mondays do you'll appreciate Friday! Use it as a fresh start! Blessings! P.G.
No HH tonight? I'd do that too.
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Point grabs the rebound and is left with a wide open net after a shot from Accursi.
Headed out to sell a DISH Network Tailgater, the magical dish-in-a-bubble that points itself! By way of McDonald's. :)
Should Taste Like Water
Miami USA
No, of course not!
fallow back :)
Thanks for the response. Will do.
I've been reading about the emerging trend of wearing head scarves (very '50s). Have you tried it? Good for bad hair days!
my only regret is there were only 7 episodes in season 1 and we flew through them. That show is so god!
there is a wocket in my pocket
Thinking of my next move.......
“: Excited to release our first single on iTunes this week! Keep watching for more updates.” can't wait!!!
Enjoying the new Wild Flag CD. It's as though Sleater-Kinney never died...
Watched #In Time. Ok movie with an AMAZING premise. It was trying to be Gattaca (by the same director/writer) but didn't quite pull it off.
nothing to do but whatever~follow me and i'll follow back~NOT lying
my my that is a sweet setup.
sigh, wow, that commentator completely missed the point. Just wow. So much that could be said, but where do you start
Hungover as Fuck. But a Damn good night!
Is that the Rutger Hauer flick? RT : Watching Hobo With A Shotgun
Yup! We run the buckeye corner haha.. Come visit sometime! Although Im quitting this week lol
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE I wish I could go to your concert!! But I'm gonna watch it online <3 <3
when you play a successful prank on someone
Hiring Engagement Specialists to provide exceptional customer service. Apply online or in person. www.callcarenet.com/careers-details.asp
Now following .....I suggest that you do the same shit! Legendary life saver....The Locker Room coming soon!
You can't wait for life to hand you things. It doesn't work like that. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.
do count as breaking out? They've been around for awhile.
Apparently Gregory the llama is hanging out on the HUB lawn right now, thanks to Stillepoint Llama Sanctuary and CHID 480.
come to our next wine tasting and we'll tell you all you want to know (and more probably! :P)
I'm in the Mother frigging Phx, Az baby!!! Can I get an AMEN!!
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: Early Risers Who Can&#39;t Be Trusted Moving Forward
Long day of work but it's all good #makingmoney #andpizza #$$$
Happy #NationalTeacherDay thank you to all those who work daily to improve the lives of others, tweet us your favorite teacher memory
How does it feel to know that you've seen me naked? (was a corpse in the morgue early on in season 5)
I love #Wednesdays!
is a solid follow.
listening to jason aldean
SEI Sounds of Soul Choir on the main stage...
You can't name a video game that wouldn't be better if Rockstar made it.
Hope you're having an active morning!
Definitely going to be awesome.! RT : Excited for #SXbehavior design with
honey, your not popular, your vagina is.
I'm oddly jealous
I like how no one ever tweets me..... :(
Indie Excellence Awards Accepting Submissions! Books with publication dates of 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 are eligible.
I like your new avatar! :)
Got get ready 4 work in the monring
Just getting off and I check my phone and I see.the HEAT lost WTF.lol
Take a break from basketball. Come to Outpost. It's freaking beautiful outside!
Ivy Champ Men&#39;s Swim/Dive Team Names Award Winners, 2012-13 Captains
Here I come gym. Training commence. <U+307E><U+3059><U+3050><U+3058><U+3076><U+306E><U+3053><U+3068><U+3070><U+305C><U+3063><U+3066><U+307E><U+3052><U+306D><U+3002><U+3002><U+3002><U+304A><U+308C><U+306E><U+306B><U+3093><U+3069><U+3060>!!!
Psalm 46:10 Be still and know that I am God.
but what about the slow weeks in the year??? Some SMALLER shops can be crippled by TOO MUCH OVERHEAD IN ART DEPARTMENT.....
Do you get a lot of snow in Georgia? :)
If your in the #Seattle metro area, go see our friends play with tonight at Overlake Church. You won't regret it!
It's a taping week. Crazy
In coast guard city u.s.a. I see my dads boat but not him. Wish you were here. Come home soon!
I wish Thanksgiving was today.
see I knew you'd make me smile :) lol
Jordan would of took control of the game and finished with a W..
Penalty to Leicester - odds on Flood will get this one
Went outside to my car and regret it because it was so PERFECT and now I'm stuck in this hell hole :(
Wow people love Perfume Seven! 2000 followers mark reached, stay tuned for more great deals!
congrats - I hope your well
Appreciate all the retweets!
I cant wait for the beach.
currently writing one on Detroit. Great speech.
Michelle Obama congratulates the 10 women honoree's for working to end oppression and use their voices to fight inequality and suffering.
Completion by Design college leaders realizing its not enough to focus on #deved - even "college ready" students drop out at alarming rates
Having a fascinating conversation about ham with
what school did you decide on lil cuz?
right?!? Annoying
Way to go John. You are the voice of reason on Obama pretending to care for latinos.
#Vertigo is so surreal. #Hitchcock out does Buñuel at significant surrealism. Especially in his ironies.
Alas. It's been a struggle rooting out the film images from my brain as I read, but I've enjoyed it so far.
After a long day a beer life is good
The way #MittRomney avoids the reporter asking him a pointed question on the plane makes my stomach turn.
Twitter nd Facebook off!! im bout to watch a movie on Netflix till i fall asleep...lol ") that's my friday! =/ lol
" Your my little secret " (;
If College Football doesn't have a playoff by next year, the NFL should create a Real Minor League System for kids 18-20
Also having a drawing I went back to drawing and I was really good was very bizarre
they arent catching teams off guard when they do steal and their jumps must be terrible to get caught at this rate
Indeed. And so many industries out there waiting to be similarly reinvented. Consider #Law for starters.
Thank YOU! Your team is incredible. RT SLELLC: Thank you to MTVIggy for bringing us on to work with them on an amazing show.
I think so, but then again, I'm not the one writing the piece. :-)
didn't mean by me fuck that....I'd pay someone to do mine lol
cant wait till u get here. and its so cold here today wtf.
. All sluts must die, and everyone shocked jury didn't know that.
Maybe if I were better looking I'd have friends that would want to talk to me.
I get it. You follow me so I follow you back, than a week later you unfollow me, so I'm still following you and you're not following me! :S
Just got off the phone with a few partners I have made my decision
cause she believes in ghosts or whatever so they made up a story then the "woman" came back lmfao it looked real though .__.
You playing any games out at Goshen?
bitches are always gonna assume some shit ...
wait, you mean they don't any more? Cool beans! Thanks for letting me know! ;)
Hanging out with , watching play the drums. Life is pretty sweet.
#Oomf Bee On Point W. Her Tweets
I'm excited for dress up day at work tomorrow :-)
I'm drunk. Thank God I'm surrounded by cornfields.
I realize I haven't seen your newsletter lately? Did I drop off the list somehow or are you on hiatus?
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking - “Fourth, Remember happy moments from your past.”
went 2dem meeting last night& they asked who I was with;was a little embarrassed alone;mentioned u &that went over well lol
Uugh... I enjoy writing papers but the last 5 days have pretty intense with a death in the family... talk about taking time away from it all
lucky you :) I haven't eaten dinner yet hahaha lol :) glad to have both my siblings back woot woo!!!
Being Pagan is so cool
Just starting my mock congress speech. Yes, it is indeed due tomorrow...
ISN'T IT BREATH TAKING?!?!
You tell em honey!
Thanks Happy Sunday!
ugh it's so sad :(!!! I'm so attached to all of them lmao
Im just nigga rich..!
I didn't want you to think I didn't want to talk to you anymore, haha. I love you more! <3
well let me know. If its during your freshman year of college ill have my own apt but next year I'm in a bigger room with a
Thank you for the follow!
Thanks Bonnie! She's worked incredibly hard and is looking forward to the opening as well.
the sox are gonna have one hell of an outfield when crawford and ellsbury come back
Maybe we are...
fish is better dear :)
unfortunately the NCAA would not allow me to work while in school. However IMO that should be changed.
We joined Instagram! Find us on instagram by searching for !
i lost my sign when I moved...not happy about that
I ate a lot yesterday.
Memory lane
Tonight I will be speaking USGBC meeting at UM. I will be displaying a few paintings and will talk about upcycling. Join us at 5:30!
Anne romney is using Teleprompter
thanks Hannah! :)
It's from earlier 2day, She was so nice & down to earth, I love her:)
If anyone had a bad day today, remember that today in 1976, #Apple co-founder Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake for $800..
Wear green & SAVE GREEN on St. Patricks day with Comfort Inn & Suites Vancouver. Book online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com or call 360-696-0411
Anybody have a good lead on a mattress? Want to surprise someone who doesn't have one
From the tweets, it appears everyone had a great time at the Rookie Bootcamp last night. I had a MASSIVE group--thx for coming out!
not soon enough lol ;)
Thanks love! And I'm SERIOUS about Barolo!! Tuesday next week?!?!
This school is dirty and smells like shit reason#165218522333 i want to leave this school.
Evocative images of a film set - San Francisco Examiner
Well thats a good thing. you'll be 60 and you'll look like a 16 year old <U+E405>
Busted from WDOP Deep Stack .. allin preflop with 88 v 55 ... He flops a set ... out in 8th place ...
I knew I should of sticked too the plan & never let his ass back inn . MAAaaannnn
I know. I also didn't make it to san Diego to see and
"I'm being haive!" -- 2 year old son, when his mother told him told to behave
"You may be delayed but not denied!" -
Gotta love 106&Park for paying respect to M-Bone. R.I.P.
haha no problem(: follow me lolol
Ack wish someone would sneak a good default while everyone is arguing.
So honored for the follow!
“: Note to self! Always think before you tweet! I forgot my softball girls follow me! #coachingfail” Bahahahaha!
Omgosh this kid is so complicated.. Lol u know
Did you see talking about our fashion show on this morning? Just over a week to go!
Power? I'd be happy if back to back batters could put the ball in play, especially when the bases are loaded.
Guess it's a good thing doesn't work TechCrunch anymore then? ;)
I can feel the birthday aloha all the way in the mainland. Give my love to your precious family. Keep doing amazing things!
Sounds fun. I'm in if you want to go with me.
thanks for the movie recommends!
Playing S today on the A-Z. come by and check it out. tell your friends to do the same. #supportlocalmusic Gashouse Radio
Obama is the BIGGEST dumbass to me.
it's great just been on grind weather is great
i retweeted it
HAHAH yup about you
Wow, sexy twicon, just stopped by to say it's a sin if no one's eating that ass... If I'm not being too subtle.
they're much more than just looks to me :)
Good job drummers - that was a fun party. See ya next year, Debbie!!
#10ThingsIHate: mean people, chocolate, female condoms, church, squash, idiots, brainfreeze, queefs, celibacy and birds.
you can prevent it tho
Everyday im getting sick even worse:(
RT : Plenty of MARC delays again tonight
// Are there any NFL stadiums that provide wifi for fans at games? Seems like a lot of benefits to the idea.
is there a way to specify the resolution for the QR code?
RT if you're happy for Austin because he's living his dream <3
Looks like I've missed a lot being away from twitter and today!
Steak for mother's day dinner :) yum
Tks for #FF - Have a great weekend everybody!
Sorry I missed the gregory green talk. His work is great.
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont Women with raspy voices.
#10 The Crazy Lobster, RiverWalk(ish) - New Orleans, FL
The gods help them that help themselves.
I am so forever alone.
"Is that your sister?" "Um no that's my mom??" hahaha subway you gotta love it
one dollar shipping.. what more do you want
Stunning picture! Have a great journey along the Road to Hana!
Cuz if that was Bob Knight oooooweeee that would of been something to see!! Lol
ok, because I remember "BJ Armstrong" being thrown around when the good Reverend Doctor Deacon Bishop Gibson was drafted.
Ur love pours down on me surrounds me like a waterfall<3
#FREE SHIPPING. Use Coupon Code: MOUSESHIPS4FREE Tis' the season to be grateful!
Watching Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. documentary. Thank God for documentary filmmakers.
GO FOLLOW NOW!!!!! JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING EVERYBODY WHO FOLLOW SHE NOW!!! BE QUICKLY :O:O
Im sitting here thinking bout some serious stuff, and I think I might re-think my #gameplan for what Im doing. #Patience is key right now.
Yup , I guess.
Fill in the blank: It's Friday, and I feel ________________! (It's time to celebrate the end of the week, don't you think?)
I have a huge following Dr Goddess. I will help you get the names you need to sign the names on this petition. I like ur cause.
did you expect anything else lol ": They don't get my name goes with my URL address. LMAO! They are not bright whatsoever."
Keep it 100 for the kingdom...
RIP Whitney Houston
Charles Johnson here: Just remember, you have the RIGHT to remain silent... USE IT!!!
COME TO LA.
Yep, closing tonight.
I guess I just don't see not feeling up to handling oppressions as a sound reason to support media that keeps them going strong.
hey there! thanks for the s/o and the music! luv it
Thank you thank you thank you! :)
jealous u live near there! ive definitely added the dali 2 my museum bucket list. glad u enjoyed the app too!
again, are you serious!!!??? You didnt know what happened and you think Paterno should stay in as coach?
You realize that is a fake account, right? I'm betting his "donation to the troops" will be just as fake.
Indie films always get me :)
We all agree, however, free up oil resources, then bust it on renewable energy sources! we need a plan that works!!!
Today will be a good day & tonight will be even better <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
So far the episode is hilarious!!
An unfulfilled vocation drains the color from a man's entire existence.-- Honor de Balzac
One step closer to adopting my son today. Send us your good vibes please!
Is doing a reading for a show!! #futureactress hm??? Lol ;)
Major League Date with my girl. Love ya babe!
Believing passionately in the palpably not true...is the chief occupation of mankind. HL Mencken
Waiting for the bus. Good bye New York take care of my baby boy.
Hm interesting. That's some opaque data. Maybe b/c boomer academics writing about 2nd wave have come into their own?
Yes I had a show today and then shopping with my mom:) How is yours?
I think #sdcouncil needs social media policy. Who's to say there isn't lobbying being done during a public meeting via DM, etc?
totally agree!
Back to Baton Rouge... The hazy, fetid ambience of the swamps awaits.
Storytime w/ rhythm sticks went ok: This is the way we; The sticks on the bus; She'll be tappin'round the mtn; & freeform w/ Kodo drummers.
That was soo funny. I couldn't stop laughing on my way to work regarding d egg pic wanted to date w/ you. That's why we love you
We've been enjoying featuring the choir today. Beautiful, beautiful voices!
I am starving over here, who wanna get me sumtin to eat. naw im messin
Anyone care to confirm or deny the rumor I just started...OOPS, I mean heard?
Why do we have 9 toothbrushes in the toothbrush holder?! Who is worthy of having a toothbrush at our place?! That's some serious business.
Welcome & thanks to all my new followers! Have a fabulous weekend!
Starting to make some headway on my test drupal website. Going to work for 13 hours now. See you later twitter!
if barfield would have had success - we'd still have helmet stickers today.
lol looks like yo poncho badge won't be earned today
Why is my mustache taking forever to grow back? Why is my body healing so slowly. Something is wrong here
Starving. But all I can eat is disgusting oat meal and ice cream.
I'm Supposed to go Friday night for my sister but idk if I can go cause of lax
Other bitches just front
I may have sent Birg an e-mail describing the difference between nonviolence and compliance. He seems confused.
I can't wait til I'm able to be living somewhere else than here. Soon.
We will be at the River of Lights 12/4 for a holiday special
Britney Spears song "Gimmie More" song sounds like she's saying "Demi Moore"...lol
Learn more about wine or just connect other wine lovers -
just what I needed tonight. Thank you!
Tick....Tick.....Tick..... Is it the weekend for you yet?
A 5 minute video can have a turn around time of only 3weeks if working with a vendor.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Interdental & Proximal and most oral care products.
RT : Greetings from #Tuscaloosa AL. Twin Anchors rocks!!!
awesome possum!
nigggga where have you been??
we better hang while I'm in NY!!!
I love Where the Wild Things Are R.I.P Maurice Sendak amazing artist.
who is it?
Thanks for following! Happy new year to you!
Depends on how much you like suits and vintage drink-making?
Championship games call for CHAMPIONS. Champions don't whine about a little shoulder pain. They take a Tylenol and suck it up.
Even with a shotgun... 115lb ginger kid barefoot in pajama pants is not mch of a cinematic threat...
BECAUSE YOU STARTED IT.
I feel sorry for kids cursing their parents out and treating them like shit. One day they'll realize what family means
U r busy, no worries! RT : I'll try to play at lunch heheh...
BUT we still encourage you all to go to both of those shows. I will be at the one in Atlanta chillin so I'd love for you to come say hi - W
i was at our school's play
Apparently its frowned upon to "make it rain" while contributing to the collection plate at this Catholic Church. Like my money ain't green.
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes I Love U Guys!!!!
i'm going to keep asking but i think i know the reply...When can i get your podcasts in itunes?????
Oh, by the way. If you comment on your ex's picture, I better never get bitched at again, For ANYthing.
Think I want to go to the nail shop today :)
wow. #Adele's voice. breathtaking.
I did sprint tris on my recovery weeks during marathon training, I thought it worked well! Kept it fun too.
& i consider you my friend. ha. you don't even treat me like one.
uh hello?
already gave them away.
were are u at?
nice. Species?
Happy birthday! x
It's our pleasure...nice to hear from you.
I'll be there soon guys.
Today is CJ Day in Oakland. I'll be live tweeting my pitches. Assuming doesn't shiv me during warmup.
Oh hi, new follower
Has anyone tried the new cornbread in Doral? Tell us what you think!
Just getting into #TaiChi does anyone have experience with it?
This is true. Also, Nathan is being facetious in saying my doppelgänger is out for blood.
Lilja called for interference. #isles to PP
I am at a soccer practice but it's not me who is practicing. Hence the tweets.
pahaha devvo will never get old i love you so much aha
Your the nicest , most perfect person I've ever met . <U+2665> I wanna be like you ! , and I don't say that alot .
RT : ADMIRALS WIN!!! 5-3 win over Houston give the Ads a 2-1 series lead. This is one of the stranger games we have seen...
Going to Shunty McShunt's to check out live footage from TLDS's Double Door show! Ooohhhhh
we're cutting it tomorrow night after dinner. I did some scheming though, dont be surprised if your missing filling on the right!
Thank you for everyone who came and supported our production of Zanna, Don't! Our next play is Vinegar Tom and it runs from April 20th-29th!
I know!! I was thinking that this morning! She brought us together!! :) Thanks, #CaseyAnthony!
omg I have to tell you about my night shit was amazing lmaoo
Twitter in 1853 was crazy man. we fake slave whipped so many public figures back then
Choosing To Be Single Isn't Selfish, It's Just Smarter To Be Alone Than With The WRONG Person...
now im dying to know what u have in mind hahhaaha- im like a lil kid in a candy store...
help Spidey get followers?
It's funny how people are criticizing spo for "bad coaching" today and give him no credit when he wins.. Some #HEAT fans r a joke!
#SHOUTOUT NO MORE LAWYERS IN CONGRESS
Down in Miami FL taking in some sun
Love being so busy at work! Planning meetings in Manhattan Beach, Dallas, Charlotte. Going to Memphis and Florida next month.
I cant get over that that actually happened. Im proud of myself for not hyperventilating like I did almost 4yrs ago! haha!
I'm looking forward to it. Excited to meet new people and tackle new things. Thank you!
wht up fake
prayers for those affected by the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair last night.
lol yeah I do , I actually like it . And yeah connie told me .. You like it there ?
If your going out tonight stop by after. We open at 12 tonight. Make sure you say hi.
Later today the House will vote on the Senate-amended
Perhaps breakfast on the patio wasn't such a splendid idea in Edo this morning.
No uniform US #cybersecurity standards; though probably obligation for any business to have reasonable #IT security policies.
Appraisals not Assessments Should Determine Losses in Mortgage Fraud Cases
Have some respect for the people around you and smoke outside.
Well , I missed my early morning workout cause I had a conference call with my pillow... 3pm it is
Realizing tomorrows Monday<<<<
Gorgeous photos!
yay!!!! its okay creepers are good as long as thier not eggs
Thanks for promoting Scrubly! I appreciate it. - Bob
Lets go heat!
Seem likee All i Ever do now is Work ! -_-
I clicked on it and is says wiki not found : (
It's too bad Narveson is done for the year. I hope the crew calls up Peralta! Estrada is over-rated
At work checking out all these cool logs about Portland!! -C
I'm getting a sore throat.. In May?
Aromatherapy from watering my Oakland garden: pineapple sage, roses, Meyer lemon, oranges, and more I don't have names for. Ah time & space.
gucci bags: The luxury of difference is its advanced technology ...
i give up seriously
Lol I'm probably the only person on earth that likes aging. I like the feeling of getting wiser and more mature :)
A great friend is someone who makes your problems their problems,just so you dont have to go threw them alone..<3
thats your only defense sir?
so, about 3 songs in so far!
If you'd told me 20 years ago sexy robots would vie for my attention, I'd have said "Kudos Tomorrow!" FB, why did you poop on the future?
Good how about u
We're off to comic con to shoot our promo video!
happy birthday buddy :)
Just got a medium Punch In The Face from It's really nice.
“: "Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster." - Anne Wilson Schaef”. So true......
What does #ValentinesDay mean to me? Stomach flu in Paris. Très romantique.
Dont ever use someone's past against dem....
you should hear from shortly, but if not, let me know.
Baylor TCU game! A classic college football game at its finest.
good idea :) don't forget to bring all your friends!!
"that is not us"
This girl just keeps talking. I stopped listening at "hello."
"my names copper. I'm a hound dog!" <3 fox and the hound with sis<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thnks. I thougt my neck was going to break lol
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
thank you for providing me with my first Wesley Stokes memory in years. Was ahead of the trend as far as Pacific Islander-style hair
RT : & are setting up shop for #LastThursday on Alberta/22nd. Support your local artists tonight..
I guess I should reconsider my love for bikram.
Bummed out. Lost a member of my family today. I love you, Beagle, and am happy you're not in pain anymore and are relaxing in doggie heaven.
Knowin' nothing in life but to be legit.
I have never lived in a city where bus drivers have to use the bathroom this much.
Good morning beautiful ladies, you better say it back if you know you beautiful.
After 2 hours of no help from & I have to work. I work in a cat hospital with sick cats. 2 hours was just wasted.
So who do you have in your top 4 of #TheVoice?
I get so bored when I get home from work
how do I still have a hangover
Yes, it was good to meet your colleague John during his recent visit to the archives. I hope things with you are good lately.
I think I have the opening shot for the trailer! :-)
I just want to go to sleep.
iPhone 4gs tweeting
My heart is racing like I'm on a first date! But alas, we've met 8 times before dear !!!! Let us rendezvous all night long!
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl - let her see you reading the Twitter stream of #BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl. Dumb.
are you at the Apollo?
I miss the way things used to be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I hate how..... after an argument I think about more clever shit I could of said.
Night Louis!
a little bit sooner than ASAP.
shut up
thanks bro!
Sundays are for dancing!
I'm tired
Today @ 5 PM on "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio, our guest is R&B singer, Une', Go to: latalkradio.com, CHANNEL 1
OMG! Have you read these texts from , this is way too funny.
thank you!!
Mr. RANDY WATSON ladies and gentlemen.
Ah thanks! RT “: Well, was amazing AGAIN tonight at #IronFork. Best table. #brisket #beardsquared”
Gave us all a laugh. RT : Mark is a dear friend and a good sport :)
I'm hoping there is a little burka on burka action
Ever really need to sleep but God is stirring so sleep won't come. Yes it is going to be one of those night.
Thanks for the follow, please let me know if I can do anything for you #VO #voice over
Sorry, I'll wait for the post-lunch food coma next time. Or maybe quote the Necronomicon
LP Thursday! Bring in your records or listen to ours-we just picked up new ones. Happy Hour 4-7pm with plenty of wine to taste or drink.
great! Let me take a look and I will get right back to you! Thanks!
then I see no point to go look at a bridge
Got to class late, wrecked that final, and walked out in under 15 minutes. Wassup lol
#VIP #Follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thank you Mike for your kind and sweet words and shoutout. Have a lovely Week! : ) XOXOXO
tell me what happens if you two start talking ;D haha
Thanks Ty *head rub* lol RT : that packer hat cold
L.A.B.I.S.C Live Alone Before I Stand Corrected
I can't stay awake! O_O i-need-to-do-my-HOMEWORK.
Thank you to all of my new followers! I look forward to Tweeting with you!
Why does the theme from "The Kennedys" quote the theme from "Halloween"? Is it supposed to set the mood?
“Then from far away across the world he smelled good things to eat, so he gave up being king of the wild things.” RIP
HA! Classic seeing the old clip of the AMA's.
Packers SUNDAY Special:$1 off drafts & dumplings if Packers are ahead at half-time. 1/2 off drafts & dumplings if the Packers win!
Looking forward to hearing Furman's George Leventis discuss agile programming techniques.
RT : Possum just walked right into my house through the open back door. Getting ballsier by the day, they are...(#HIWI)
We have heard worker intimidation from for supporting the living wage campaign. Employers do whatever to prevent unions.
#WTH angela: we won't satisfy everyone but we need to take into consideration all the variables and focus on our ultimate goal
Thanks! Been to long -- especially since we are in your 'hood now ;)
keep em coming
Girls from the city go to the country an settle down
Rick Perry's ad "Strong" has 181,606 more dislikes on Youtube than Rebecca Black's Friday video, making it the most hated video on Youtube.
I was an avid player of the game paperboy for NES
what a pair. A spitting llama and an evil leaf hoarding giraffe!
hey have a good wknd?
I agree. Sounds SO #yummy right now!
RT : A #Taurus is stylish, well-groomed, and socially involved.
Merry Christmas, Seattle!
She's straight I'm convinced!!! She's dating a dude named Terrance! Lmao
nah it's not too much and I'll know it all.
PRODUCERS! Send Me Some Beats To My Email.... @
but you don't follow me :'(
Thanks, Cher! The box is due to come this week instead. My mother and I will enjoy it immensely! How was #smx?
. It's time to build a coalition around advancing civil rights, not to bitch.
An older guy caught the ball. They wanted him to throw it back. He gave it to the kid. He just kept crying.
On the flip side, I can't stand the Jim Rome Show. Interviews are fine otherwise nails on the chalkboard w/ the "clone" stuff.
anytime. You can come by both offices.
Currently all of the trash in Center Grove has just begun the journey of their pregnancies. YAYAYYA keeping it classy in the 317
back on baby!! haha
fun. in a super bowl commercial!
"single swag" ok. Good boyz <U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>
Thanks for screening our film!
Congrats to all the graduates tonight ! Your speeches and hard work is very inspiring !
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be able to stalk people lol
I think I wants me a girl now.. Somebody to call Mrs.Wilcox
well im about to log off now talk to you allb tommrrow
Cant wait to go get all that cool stuff I found at the closing gymnastics school in Greeley. Tight wire and mini tramp! YAY!
Good evening all - isn't it nice to be home from work?
dude, time for an inaugural tweet!
aww well happy holidays atleast you working
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
love you too
One down, four to go.
trying to figure out which movie. Gotta be Lion King, right?
Enes with the block! Foul called... bad call. #GoJazz (i guess)
Alright everyone, the Twitter account has 1,666 followers. That number is making me a little nervous. Let's fix that!
javel mcgee look like ice t's son lol
Thankful it's Thursday? Share a story of a nurse you're thankful for
RT : If we do not succeed, then we run the risk of failure.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way, dont put yourself down just becuz of the girls in jersey.
yup - ideally. It would be nice to visit the archives of that place, the Ideal World! Where time is abundant & the coffee is free!
I do enjoy when I have a message from someone that makes me smile. :)
Not exactly what I had in mind... I was thinking more like work, websites, hobby, etc... Not the ugliest chick ever.
glad to hear it! Hope you get a win. We are 0-3.
Well first weekend happens to be a five day weekend that begins now. Cant complain
Holy smoke!
If only the lock button on my iPod was functional, to not only lock but for screebshots, the world would be a magical place with amazingness
loves reading the physical paper even though he's an online person. #mamsummit Me, too!
New Jersey Nets at Milwaukee Bucks tip-off at 8:30 PM ET #nets #bucks #nba (Follow )
400K FOLLOWERS! OMFG! THANK YOU GUISE<3. YOU'RE AMAZING! #MAHOMIES. c:
“: Do you let your friends know how many guns you own? #LoadedQuestions”no
“The best doctor in the world is a veterinarian. He can't ask his patients what is the matter -- he's got to just know.” ~ Will Rogers
My New Years Resolution: finally follow instead of laughing at his tweets via my girlfriend showing them to me. DONE. Ready for 2013.
Please explain lol!
Oh my nose too!! I fuckin hate it when I can't breath through it!! And I can't skip school tomorrow bc of an important test!:(
loves you!
Just checked my followers & see I have new tweet watchers,don't worry I'll keep you entertained,mite even hurt your feelings
check out my new pod cast episode afro deep www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com
I honestly don't get some relationships nowadays.. I think I'll stick with my band guys. <3
Had a great day working with the lady's in they are awesome, can't wait to finish these songs and show the world <U+E00E>
thanks for the support!
Thats why he's making the big money.....
She Is So Complicated. Lol
Heading to a Game 7. Let's Go
I was stuck by myself in serious traffic on the 10 Freeway, with the cars in the carpool lane just flying along. I jump in the carpool an...
Reminder, we're always closed on Mondays, but we'll also be closed on Tuesday the 21st for Mardi Gras. Have a happy & safe holiday weekend!
Amen RT : Every single artist has flaws, but also many qualities. When we hate, we're only seeing the flaws & ignoring the qual
I want some new cowboy boots! My are all worn out!! But that's what you get when you practically spend your life in a barn(:
#BieberGraduationGifts you should ask some fans to make a scrapbook about his past life through to where he is now!(:
My neice Cassandra was just born. My brother told me first and he was crying. 8pounds 14ounces Finally my little chunker is here:'3
Anyplace where I could buy shares of a new mobile app in exchange for part of the profits?
what are you guys wearing for your birthday dinner?
Dear nausea you are free to leave me anytime now ...
RT : It says a lot when the classiest family photo you have was in Playboy.
that's fair -- i'd still say it's a vast majority. 85% sounded vast majorityish.
uh oh armor readie is on twitter. BIM!!!!!
The issue with Adam then had to so with what he was doing onstage, which as things have it was and is MILD compared to
Wheaton and Doctor RT 24 days till Fall Camp kicks off-- ? Of the day--who do u expect to have huge breakout year?
Happy Halloween
should really follow his Glasses. (;
don't talk to me when your bored im not here to entertain you and don't come to me only when you need a favor I don't like to be used
No Notch has said that after 1.9 is 1.10, although I get what you're saying
#SaySomethin i luv u cant wait
Time to receive a deep tissue massage!!!
hey! I'm okay, thanks. :-) got on hour left of this stinky diner. I think I'm getting sick so I'm gonna od on vit c at home
We are back on twitter!
Check out new online movement to inspire every person in the US to commit $1 to fight extreme poverty
At the end they say, "That is the sound of YOU ROCKING!"
Insert clever tweet here
Happy #Monday! Good luck to all the students out there taking #finals! Celebrate when you are done with #bartab $1
your right.
#NewiCarlyWithOneDirectionTONIGHT can't wait I'm going to watch it!
And I know your daddy, he don't dig me, but he never did understand...#springsteenlyrics Friday
why thank you!!
Watching the tigers rip apart the red sox 7-0 bottom of fifth, must be time for #beerandchicken?
I don't have the laptop sorry
Everyone needs to quit bitchin about how bad life is....everyone is struggling and everyone is stressed, life sucks get over it....live it!
Yay! : Lets go together V! RT : I need to check out your Pilates Plus Pacific Beach Studio ASAP!
is it me or did he seem like he was in a bad mood today?
There's no such thing as an easy relationship
Health tips: hyaluronic acid is the new fountain of youth, it's actually why your finger tips don't scar when cut.
I'm showing off my new tattoo. Haha.
Thank you, my WL form is filled out and ready to go! Just thinking about how to make a great statement :)
Nah...did two years there in undergrad then transferred to NYU. Had some decent troublemaking there though.
i hate the fact that when i start rapping to you on ichat you sign off on me.... -____-
I just got heckeled in my local mall for being a Pens fan! Love it! Lets Go Pens!
Interesting conversation today. Do U even know when you're stressed? More info, read my blog: www.eating4achieving.com
Don't you have some electrical tape in your car?
sounds good. The more I must write the more it flows. Like 2 see your piece. Thx again!
For the 8:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Brian Scott McFadden
maybe we can fetch a chicken for you to put into that ramen lol.
#thatawkwardmoment when youre eating goldfish& studying in the bsb when a mexi reunion forms a circle around you & starts talking in spanish
looking for some beats boss?
RT : In Dublin for keynote at #CNGL #localization innovation showcase. Honored to share stage w/ thought/practice leaders
I'm blessed good brother. I heard you were in a wreck. Couldn't find you on here because you changed your handle on me. Lol.
cook that liquid off. Is it going in a tortilla?
FYI, this not the BIGGEST comeback in NBA history. It's Game 1 of the 1st round. Sat down Craig Sager.
no problem ;)
I'm sure we could find the perfect definition on Wikipedia ;)
Just not sold on JG as head coach, hope he proves me wrong.
We have 2 GHUSA b'days approaching (TMcF & Deb) - let's plan a reunion!
wow i havent tweeted 4 the day
Music Flow !
Beautiful in LA!
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 6
#youknowwhatsannoying is when you act like a complete idiotic fool -.-"
MAP testing starts today! NO
I have a son n law?
Some people are offered a life and they go and take it, but if it ain't about dreaming about then don't chase it.
I remember the towers being built in early 70's, you could see them from everywhere, hope we never forget!!
i think i lost my laptop...
well at least now you don't have to tip him
What's up Carl!
thank you for your kind words :)
Spread The Word!! Super Producer Kenny Kapone has studio time available 404-919-6705
someone with a car should come scoop me.. being home on a Friday night is not a fun time..
if bein fresh to death is a crime i think its time for me to see a jury(;
yo I can't wait for that sole to sole album yo you already know R is going to promote like crazy
In a perfect world you'd be able to mark people as spam in real life
Having to get up early in the morning, but being to exited about #TeenWolf to sleep. Yep that's me right now. :))
*sigh* another long hair woman goes down... but at least it is for a great cause. :-)
I did! Sorry its been super busy, coming your way shortly!
I'm thinking about this for my blog post. (Not even articles, actually, and I'm really wondering there.)
WHAT ABOUT VIRGINIA? haha
Great presentation by ! The presentation was very helpful and intriguing. Fans, we suggest you #Follow &
My phone is like my sidekick it goes everywhere with me.
mehhh this made me so happy <3
Crew love >>
and hey ladies my bday party is tonight at around the corner in lakewood 11pm. Hope you can make it! Love ya!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses My sleeper cell has been activated. You know how it is.
I broke it on an icy sidewalk 4 years ago. It just gets worse and painful sometimes and incapacitates me.
Check it out and this goes out to everyone! Few of us been talking and We are celebrating Cody's bday TONIGHT at LINK LOUNGE 2901 fannin
"You're smiling, that means you like him!" I like six year old logic.
did that really just happen or
I'm a music nerd AND a Swedish nerd. HOW did I miss this? Oh why oh why wasn't I listening to this morning?!?
You should totally get your ears pierced! They'll look amazing! By the way, your british accent is amazing! <21
Omg Over Here In Dallas,Texas Its 2:40 a.m!(:
Baltimore: I-795 South is a MESS crawling from Owings Mills to the Beltway.
Hey ! Follow us!
Can anyone direct me to a comprehensive report of major campaign production costs relative to their ad spend, for different media?
Checked out the Tribe Called Quest Documentary #beats, rhymes and life real. Shout to Jarobi White the unseen but felt member of TCQ!
I like that they give it both ways in the song, A to Z, A to zed. For teaching purposes.
She Did Indeed Wens
I watch general hospital sometimes, do is one life to live characters permanent?
I used to have such a crush on Kevin Arnold from The Wonder Years. Not Paul though cuz he grew up to be Marilyn Manson. #isthattrue?
Is the naughty comedian mulling over the idea of marriage? He tells a British talk show it "would be good"!
is it really?
Me and You = Lunch date soon. Please.
Lagarde on ag subsidies: ag activities critical; room for impvmt in CAP; impt sector that needs 2B secured & protected.
If you ask me a question and I don't know the answer I'm going to tell you to google it and act like you're the stupid one
6th Annual Chili Cook-Off today!! I am going to pair our yummy Domaine Haegi Dry Riesling! Bring on the spice!!
a new project with an amazing partner begins. fun and exciting! once again i start with a mental model to develop a shared understanding.
gOiN to MaKe more CheEse....the norm..got to play good big sis, aka MOM to my 15 year old lil sis who doesnt learn from MY MISTAKES!!! ugh
Hahah I saw. You are a diva! Closeups banned in your contract?
Congratulations, Molly!
i had a change of heart lol
only 1% of all the water on Earth is fresh and able to meet the needs of humans. 97% is in oceans and 2% are in glaciers
Too fucking early.
put on your couch she's a hella funny civilian
NC folk-- I'll be back in Raleigh around March 15, until at least August! (I'm taking a breather for spring quarter.) Let's hang soon!
sittin by grandma for a lil bit and then havta get some rest before I head back out to the fields in the am to
Haha you caught me! Guess I gota learn to use that-them-there internet a bit better. That site's just too smart for me.
Awe I feel bad I can hear the autistic or retarded kid screaming :(
patanong mo yung akin. Thanks bro !
me too espically when I don't have my notes for an open note quiz. Fml
In some fields more than others; today more than tomorrow. #openscience #altmetrics arXiv, blogs, all changing dosages.
And now I'm home!
Uh. SSH. Yeah I know a thing or two. Like there are keys, public keys, and terminals. Whatcha need?
Shout out and #FF to these fabulous authors
Romney never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity!
#ilaughalotwhen someone trips or falls or hurts themselves ... Hahahaha I can't help it
Just want to take this moment to give love to all the people who fuck with us and have been there to support us so far, we love you all
y'all should've took me !
want to see something really funny? Go to YouTube type Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one
We are a few days new to twitter! Follow us back! I promise you won't regret it!!!
How did I not know about Google Chrome browser sync??
i just voted for you gies in the #popoff follow me please!!
im at 5th period :P 2 more to go after this.
Kick up your feet and enjoy the sun today! Let us clean your house for 100 dollars off today only! Call 206-714-1140
Going to gym
That's what I call a real Bretzel! öckenwagner lecker!
serious crunchover going on right now.
Goodluck with your xfactor audition Amanda! You'll do great! (:
#20thingsAboutMe when I was 4 I got in a shark attack in Australia:/ but I'm all good now(:
Followers if you dont believe me about blastoff my father booked southwest flight on Blastoff, now im 4$ richer for doing nothing
What's your favorite Rob Michaels song? What track MUST stay in or be added to our new set?
tell me about it. I'm missing them HARD. Come back !
It's like the Black Sabbath reunion. Ha ha. Maybe Slash likes to have more control than he needs...
What you did there? I see it. And shake my head. ;-)
Use the content your museums have to START the conversation, not as an end.
Just realized that Cedar Block is equal parts nutjob conspiracy theorist and pragmatic skeptic. Which side will win? Stay tuned.
Just got back from doctor's office. Son has strep confirmed. Poor little guy. He's on the sofa eating popsicles and watching tv.
Kemba Walker is making a concerted effort to get his teammates involved early against MSU. He knows he cant do it alone.
I'll shooting there too. See you around the pool....
"Sometimes a girl just has to be a bitch, doesn’t mean she truly is one, but in that moment it was necessary." Story of my life at men haha
I did. Finished several projects with her for 2-3 quarters.
can't began to trust anything you say
Keep reading about bipartisan support. Which means, like, one dude/dudette.[smashes monitor]
Hopefully not one of a kind for long...
Hey sun! Glad you've decided to grace #Baltimore with your presence again after a serious hiatus.
Just got my drivers license!
Sunday night! Steaks on the Foreman & a bottle of zin.
Coconut flavored yogurt is the best thing i've ever had...NOM NOM!
Ooolala! RT : We made antelope sliders topped with pancetta, smoked gouda, and horseradish mayo !
Ok I been up since 7am I need to eat n relax my brain is not functioning @ all..its a shame how I really can't function w/ out 8hrs of sleep
This new cast member rocks. For some reason I can't remember her name o.o
Stopped by 16 Handles to get yogurt for later. My second trip today. I know, not your fav. Love Red Mango b did not want to drive.
Can not Keep the New "SNOCLOTHING" American Rebel's T-Shirt's in Stock. Next Shipment March 2012, Orders yours..www.SNOCLOTHING.com
just here to help babe
Gettin all smart-phone-y with it.
SFCaT –SF Cultural Arts Traditions- hired a Marin PR agency to handle the Mission's biggest Latino event, Carnaval. Qué viva la tradición.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Yummy in my tummy.
I hope you feel better soon :)
Hella females who got big titties big asses love the dick but for a wifey that ain't enough those are a dime a dozen.
I'm 99% sure I just saw/heard a mopedder singing "Rack City"
West Allis says "Corporations aren't people, my friend."
I didn't run into anyone I know today. Guess who's wearing the exact same thing tomorrow.
You are a joke. No consistency at all. Are you still hooking up with your teammates wifes and girlfriends?
All i need
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy
More image selections tonight with hopes of getting to some retouching...
Yea.. I get off in a hr.. Bout to be on that same shit!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
When u around positive ppl sumthin positive gotta happen
best. feeling. ever. RT : OMG I see the end of my inbox in all of its white glory!
Nigel Slater&#39;s pigeon casserole and banana trifle recipes
RT "Satan is btr thn nobody; nobody is btr than God; so Satan is btr thn God" & "a=1,b=.5,a-->b&&b>a--" r funny in same way
this day could have been better. grr. anywayyss happy birthdayy hope you have a live one.
Finally the weather at Moses Pointe has arrived. Call (509)764-2275 for a tee time at one of the best courses in the State of Washington.
Tell us about your favorite #Preservation #Archaeology #Interpretation #History projects and programs at creativemitigation.com
It's time for our annual staff training! We'll be checking email/voicemail and will get back to you in 48 hours.
<U+2665> célébrez l'amour <U+2665> - Happy Valentine's Day!
I have yet to read the article, nevertheless bravo for havin' the balls to say the Rev Allholiness Alexie is wrong haha
This weekend is going to be very sunny, can't wait!
another one of those nights (;
When does the S &P downgrade the Kardashians?
People who are content with nothing but lust for everything should <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
well obviously the best night ever was my bday party this summer when I got to see you (minus the whole singing chicken thing)
If it belongs to someone, say their. If it's a location or you're pointing out something, say there. Say "they are" to see if they're works.
The Vow!
RT RT : mark your calendars. RBC Annual Holiday Open House tomorrow 4pm. on.fb.me/rM9AfD see you there!
oh btw, if you need free internet to upload photos, you're more than welcome to come by my place tonight.
thank you for the birthday wishes (:
Simmer down, everyone. We are awesome.
I think any night but Tues
wassup lady how u been
RT : Was impressed by some of the #wonk presentations in Prof Grier's marketing class this week. Way to go
It's a Beary Special Day-- Happy 109th Birthday Teddy Bear! Have you hugged your Teddy today? :)
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 35
lol no hate... I almost cried I felt so bad..
3/13/1789->F. Hopkinson:...For you know they say “a word to the wise is enough”—and why not to the witty?
we need to try and talk more :(
the record comes out TOMORROW! A year in the making... here we go!
Is it weird that I always read your tweets with your accent in my mind?
You're very welcome :)
me to what type of food do you like. i love greek food
Make holidays that much brighter. Help a foster child in need...
MT : Congratulations Mitt Romney. Unlike , people actually remember you from high school.
Support Small Business!!
Thankfully we were upgraded to a different flight. It was super creepy!
Helping to curate our sexy upcoming boom-chica-wow date night in a box for All I can think is my parents subscribe to the box.
back from the georgia aquarium w/kelsey's class.
Yeah she is so fucking mean!!
2. Slurping Turtle Chef Takashi Yagihashi from Bucktown's Takashi, plans to open another restaurant on Hubbard Street
Say hey to our new followers!
I GET MONEY, WAT U KNW ABOUT IT.
heey feel like i havent seen u in madd long
I believe it's healthy for any society to be allowed to say you don't like a book, which is what Bradfield's essay is about
You can?t build a reputation on what you?re going to do. Henry Ford
Happy Friday. Sun for the next couple days = lake time.
a blazer presser is like writing a story with invisible ink
can I get a data visualization of "kabillion"?
Happy 4/20! The day everything goes green
Who doesn't love a free show? Tonight, my new band Low Hanging Wires is playing at baba budans near the university of cincinnati campus.
After many year of hiatus,I biked @ least 15 miles 2day if not more! I feel great & sun-burnt!
;) RT : Fresh out the shower #Teamclean!!
let me know if you want to talk with her--she's knows lots of other business mumbo jumbo words and is a real expert in the field.
bitch I hope u die a painful death u a racist hoe & all yall black ppl that support her yall can suck a dick & die with her
it is the best shopping ever!!! I used to live there and want to move back so badly. I love the whole area really.
threw a bunch of veggies, peppers, and stuff into a stock pot! Cross your fingers for tasty bloody marys!
wing ding head ass boi
Boom or Bust: Cano will be the only Yankee to hit above .300 this year
You know... Mike Smith would be perfect on the Canucks.
Almost finished working for the day woo!
My wife asked me to watch the real housewives of jersey with her...should I run away or do it?
Come at me bro!
I have a theory. :) The work we love most brings anxieties about not doing it justice.
I'm doing fine,and how are you and the team after a good win lastnight
I wish would come sing to my daughter for her first birthday. :c
HA! IDK bout him but I've Bern taking a lot!
4 WAYS TO REACH GOD: look back and thank god look forward and trust god look around and serve god look within and find god
Trust me, there are enough genealogists on twitter to create a trending topic
Sitting in this parking lot that is 95... Except it's 95 North!!
You live in Texas? ;)
Darn - I don't shop there! Will it be more widely available soon?
yeah! paper plates! But if you get the mole, you either get plastic OR you might get 2 paper plates. Superfun place, though.
"Speak kind words and you'll hear kind echoes!"
so proud to be
I'm upset. I think it's time to bake!
I done seen some ratchet shit in my life but THIS SHIT RIGHT HERE?? Smh... These girls need their fathers desperately....
TY for the #FF Love! Have a blast in KY!
I'm not doing shit today ;) x
Reef Commandment # 5. NEVER step on the Sea Oats on the beach or the Sea Grass in the salt water. Both are VITAL plant life 4 beach and sea
not random at all, they've been making waves with their recordings for years now.
Omg. :O that was fucking amazing.
district champs!
Obviously mine. I'm sure she doesn't wanna be on a team with a bitch ass nigga
Riding in the Tour de Cure (Diabetes) on Sun. 61 mile ride leaves fr the Queen Mary over the bridges to Palos Verdes and back.
You're most welcome!
Don't have time for the bullshit today
Any Cooder Graw fans?? Just confirmed that we're going to open for them at Rio Brazos in Granbury on August 4th!
thanks, bug.
Oh, I like her!!!!!! She's lovely!!! Thanks Sahota! :B
I'm Hype birthday in 8 more days (:
come out & PLAY KICKBALL on picture day tomorrow 6:30 Bryte Park! RT if you agree NFL legend Del Rodgers should join!
Absolutely blown away by our team at !
Couldnt have had a better night:)<3
we had time against us and miles between us
And I just took that last thing. Cc
Understandable, considering the imagery. Still shuffling mine...
Wow today I regretted telling that one person but this post makes it all better(:<3
Hot. Sticky. Monsoons. Lightning. Thunder. Yep, officially summer time in North Florida. (thankful it held off until after #theplayers)
son! when u showed me that subliminal line i couldnt believe my ears! thats real talk!
bad day fishing is better than a good day at work.
Dude. Just saw you were following me. Welcome to the twitter thingy. Hope you and yours are good.
thanks for the follow! Love your words of inspiration.
I changed my name to support Elise!
Im in the mood for a hotdog.
That he did exactly what Jermaine Dye did and Dye only got 2 games?
One Sunday Morning
I really wanted to make a GPS joke but gave up after 30 seconds of thinking. Well done.
Cody Ross is the clean up hitter for the Red Sox tonight. Wow. From Manny in 2007 to this...
Have a great time playing with Gray tonight. He may be the coolest thing ever. These kids learn SO fast!
-hey, imu too
thank you, well, talking about garnish cheeses, although queso fresco is more common.
New post on quick, intense, and efficient workouts coming shortly
What the heck is wrong with facebook? Why can't I log in?
That's a homer. Clear as day.
For this Morning i Finshed another 3 Chapter Short Story Called Though You are Lost. Though now it's another Day wow!!!
nice! Glad it worked out
unfortunately, yes.
awesome can't wait for the Cleveland show man, thanks.
I see no snow
Chances are good the #Mariners will lead the AL for 2nd season in row in low-score Ws & Ls.
Surprisingly mine is still around over a year later
#NOIData - Bill Russell: Identify support via party, NCEC Data, models, support IDs, demographics from polling. Transfer data into actions
Just rocked a 6-3 win at indoor tonight!!!
add/like Western Scene...
I always send my baby the cutest goodmorning texts <33
Oh no! what's wrong with the pup??
Wendy Williams said Pooch & Tia won't be on the Game next season <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
PFR not close
Hockey! Hockey! Hockey! $10 tickets to Saturday's Indy Ice game! Proceeds go to Indy Reads (when you buy from us). Call 275-4040 for tix
Watching fresh prince cuz it's the shiznit
When a song actually tells a story >
Somebody better follow me right now damnit!!!!
thank U 4 showing me love my Brother! Right back @ U FAM.
What happens on YouTube stays in Vegas.
Currently down 10-5 to Time to make a comeback lol
Awesome! We're in my room. Door's unlocked. you come too!
#ThingsIONLike girl who claim they gt high standards but mess wit a dude that treats them like quenns lol wats wronq wit em
Hunger Games & Twilight obvs should of won but kids don't read that so diary of a wimpy kid won.
I say nay. Not even for the violence, but for the subtleties -- miss those, and it's a book about kids killing kids.
should Awards a grant of $2000 to help small business owners develop businesses. We need help to hire people
coming along :)
Back in the trap lml
do I?
Great calls with Strategy Financial Group, Filmetrics and Waffil today. Really cool clients. Makes me guilty to take days off at beach!
HEY! RT If you include a middle initial, You're 99%more likely to be a douche-> Are you ashamed to be a 99% er?
fun! i'm getting over this horrible cold so have a lot of catching up to do :/ it's sunny though so i'm not complaining!
I changed it. thanks man.
Thanks for the awesome breakfast and great speakers. Be a choser!
America lost a truly remarkable WWII vet today. My husband's 92 grandfather died. A strong, kind human. The best of the best? Yes.
I REALLY want austin to clear this up. He NEEDS to come online and explain EVERYTHING.
RT My friendships are based on can we get money together if u can't then we can't b friends ! U gotta have that appeal
if you're interested, you can find him here
the #bruins lost ...oh well. #NFLDRAFT starts tomorrow, best weekend of the year.
Thurminator, you talk to Mario Williams at all this week? or did Jimbo hog him?
No bbq 4 u!
That's the exact same thing I said! ": omg so jealous. Mars Volta >>>>> Soundgarden though"
Hello DC!
THIS: “He slept curled against her back, a dark comma against her pale elegant phrase.” - A. S. Byatt
Sad about NC. But glad used Kim Kardashian 72-day marriage vs. a gay couple together for 20-years example, why does it matter?
My mom needs to keep her word. Don't say you're gonna do something if you're not going to. -.-
I don't need to hope anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed
Save an additional 20% off ALL sale items! Use coupon code: EXTRA when you checkout. Don't miss out on this big sale going on right now.
Jesus You are Lord of all! :)
Tablet is sugary and crumbly, not creamy and chewy.
Glad to hear!
I sure you will rock the runway!!
Wud up tweeps its #CincoDeMayweather weekend be safe and enjoy the festivities
ohh I see...well my internet on my computer is a tweak so :/
Checked out the page. Sounds interesting, very interesting! Who are you trying to sell this to? Ford? Chevy? Tesla? VW?
bite your tongue sir.
We have lost one of the greatest visionary and creative geniuses of our time today, RIP Steve Jobs
This one girl gave me a hug out of no where. Smelled like kiwi(:
Coldplay.... Your new tracks are weak
s/o to the profs. who have to read a million papers, correct a million exams and get grades in like tomorrow lol
please follow me please me please please
hi my name is Allison and I'm going to bed crying because Madison DMd everyone back but me.
Just sent my second check of the year to Planned Parenthood. What are you doing for reproductive rights and health?
this friday, lets turn up
I'm tweeting when I shouldn't be.
lmao The Edge of Glory is about edging right?
ahh, wish I was going. I had to back out of GDC this year :(
“: RT if you use a blow dryer, curling iron, or flat iron on your hair.” flat iron!
I don't remember you being a cheerleader?
Let me know which you like?
Coach Tortorella - "If we’re tired this time of the year, there’s something the matter. We still have a month to play."
Can I see your syllabus for this class by any chance?
(c) and i bought ONLY 2 tickets for me and my friend and she is 14 and by the time of the concert i will be 14 to so idk
Glad all you Paul Martin haters refused to challenge me on asking why you hate him so much. Proves you don't know a goddamn thing.
Every minute I spend reading about someone elses success is a minute that *I* am not being successful.
Unless I feel like I really fucked up, I don't kiss ass to no one.
Glee is number 1 on TV Shows <3
When the heck do we get our yearbooks
Chatting with another location about food allergies
#ItsInsaneHow fashion could make people pass up there soul mate.
Like Chandler Jones go up and get by #Patriots. They needed youth to replace a lot of pass rush production with this versatile end
The Giants are out of challenges, amongst other things!
No thanks
Ok what are you referring to? :-) the google doodle?
#Top100Lies "I'm fine"
What is your take on this whole NICKI MINAJ and LIL KIM beef?
Pizza boy must have eaten the veggie pizza I sent to! Sorry, dude. ;)
fun night with !(:
I'm not one to take up too much couch time...I'm a bed girl :)
steel design is a sucky bitch....
Thanks for the shout last week - sold it!!
happy birthday bony tony!
what up Jerzzzzz
Detroit WIN Opening Day 3-2 thanks to a bases loaded Austin Jackson single in the bottom of the 9th! is back!
good luck Jim!
He's gotta camp, but I think he ends up at OSU.
I'm from Edmonds. You?
you forgot to mention they did this all at 830am. Lol
Thank for all for the comments and likes. Please reshare if you can or invite your friends over. Thanks again
Happy Mother's Day Mommy!! I Love You!
I've been told I'm dark and fizzy too! :-p
"slizzard" is one of 's favorite new words.
alas, we are closed Tuesdays! Does another day work?
glad im got ma car cause it showed the fakes from.the real
I should prob never have kids. Today Show story abt kids gettin high on hand sanitizer & my first thought was "does it work?"
Cheers party planning committee !
la people bitch too much about people saying this isn't a hockey town...well I can see why they are so unwelcoming
I'm a lone wolf. I need me time. Clinging just makes me want that person around even less.
Just paid my speeding ticket. $161. Ridiculous. No one goes the "speed limit" downtown. Careful, everyone, on Broadway. It's 30mph, not 45.
Got a tip for a dance audition that fits in a tweet, what is it?
We're still setting up. Check back 2p.
btw is that u in your profile pic?
Should I be concerned that my doctor gave me a steroid to take that they give to animals... Including horses?
Planing on not missing one bell of school until its over
If someone doesn't let me out (DAD) I'm going to take my morning poop in the living room!
Those were definitely some parties. Very intimate vibe. We're only moving forward - and hope you're along for the ride!
I love your cute voice, I love your hugs, I love your kisses but most importantly i love you <3
I know you're not. Too much stress is not good. What degree are you working for? Have I asked you that already?
I changed it using the twitter app... if I use tweetcaster I'm gonna have to crop out ur logo to make it fit
But you went away, how dare you, I miss you.. <U+E023>
Checked #gameofthrones out of the #library! Psyched to start reading it!
He will turn it back on..He keeps saying that he is looking out for her but not the way someone that doesn't care
I'm headed over there tonight.
Yes, wisely and wildly spent! MT : More public investment would be nice too MT
Master of the mix launch party @ Club Amnesia.. Free mixed smirnoff drinks!
Crying like a baby as the eighth banner drops at Rupp!!!!
fine. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
I Believe I Can Fly - I Believe I Can Touch the Sky
it's only 7:00 and I feel tired as fuck.#imgettingold:(
how's closing?!?? loll
Just changed my twitter password. I am not trying to get a free ipad.
nah dawg not yet
Just finished delivering ours...thank heavens, it's over! =)
btw, I smashed that food yesterday. Damn! And why don't u show ur smile on here? I seen it, you should showcase that.
In other news, I am in serious need of a haircut and a shave.
are you in south florida?
Just had an awesome lunch at Chuy's with my oldest friend in the industry. Now it's girl time with my best friend. Great Saturday!
Thanks so much for the support Robby. You rock!!! I hope you still keep up ur drumming :)
Nothing to lose,but everything to gain.
I need to keep up with times with all this new technology! Never knew how far behind I was til listening to the lectures
talking about covering Japanese earthquake w/ cell phone & netbook.
A tip of the cap to you, Brian Matusz
Smelly feet normally stem from too much perspiration mixed with bacteria. Drysol may help to control excessive moisture/odor.
not if he's dea...I mean yeah that's fine!!
Now that's a career change RT Dr. Suess wrote X-rated adult books before writing children's books.
Wholly smokes! THIS IS IT! :-D
I dislike when people make up excuses that only make sense to themselves....
=QUESTION= What types of deals, contests, prizes, etc. would you like to see from us now and in coming semesters? Comment and let us know!
Trying to be good this week, but 1/2 price appetizers all night at and CAPS tonight! Must resist!
Democrats that defect from the President's position on not building the Keystone Pipeline are in danger of getting hosed by their own party.
Three focal points: educate, income, and health.
Special thanks to my friend JD for supporting the book and the gifts she sent me from London & Paris.
Prayers go out to the loved ones of Joe Paterno RIP
See ya Tuesday. We are exhausted!
Groce's best player DJ Cooper is from Chicago, he also helped Ohio State land Evan Turner from Chicago....certainly knows that state
I was told the same thing. I said "You're about the tea; I'm about the cookie."
No. You didn't see the whole thing.
LOL that he did!!!
sorry about that! I must go public! I'll do it in a minute. : )
it's about time u twitted me back! I miss u
It's hard to "HUMP" with a thrown out back but I'll do it for you! : ) HUMPS! xoxo
gym time!
Girll i most defly is r ??
Heard a story today of older Professor who has admin print off all emails then Prof dictates replies for each email for admin to send.
But you're a strong finisher!!!!
That's another great reason to know about you..If I can figure out this tweeting thing, I'll retweet your stuff..Gotta learn
Well, what are you looking for? :)
lol yea i did
apparently, you can't go very far without an alternator. and i always seem to find the most inconvenient turn lane to become disabled in.
And until hubby gets home I am going to piece together some mug rugs and quilt the place mats I am making for my sister.
If people only knew what was playing in my headphones while working out...
Happy Birthday to one of my fave football players of all time !!
when ur parent makes up lyrics to ur favorite song just so they can try and sing it with you in the car and its so annoying
: I would rather have eyes that cannot see; ears that cannot hear; lips that cannot speak, than a heart that cannot love. <333
picking on the defenseless, battery-dead?
Can't sleep.
Thanks for the follow! Where are you located? Please let me know how we may be of service. ~Linda :o)
Leonardo Decaprio was a babe when he was a teenager (: haha
I'm just going to say it: I *love*
« let yo next move be yo best move»
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today
Missouri ruined my bracket but dook losing to a #15 makes it all worth it.
Say it's not so! cc: NO how did i not know Betsey Johnson is bankrupt and closing?!?!?!?!?!?
RT So I wonder what the hell is going on, & what Jim Dever is doing w/that chicken. <<<--Chicken?
No tobacco, day 5. .. check. Not too bad...
my grandma was 67 and senile, regardless u need a FURBY
Holy Shit is she kin to Debbie the pet lady?
I'm bored.... (._. ) TODAY IS CINCO DE MAYO THOUGH :D
you wanna be in the in circle so bad
hope this its for reals misses you Artie
Set Of 36 1/8" Crystal Stud Earrings, 18 Pairs, On Nylon Posts In Multi
tell mlb network that thanks
Having dreams about someone who isn't in your life anymore<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Are you a Norwegian fisherman?(;
freak'n love!
when are you headin back?
thats right and the boss will make you sleep on the couch
! Happy Opening my friends!! What a talented group and such beautiful people.
At 1st game of the #Mavs playoff series. Go Mavs!!
can you give me the quote for my air?
This bus driver is always so damn early . I have to freakin' run to catch it in time .
on with a photo of George Zimmerman's great grandfather - who is part African American.
Hello and welcome to twitter !
we'll be there soon!
Nah Kris...they cant win w/o Wade..coach/player spats happen here and there. Usually look worse than they actually are
The best advice to give someone is not to be a cliche
I hope I get the little girl I've always wanted (: #GoodLuck .
Pre-battle? Hm me thinks experience and the guy wins, thoughts?
Electron valence levels, dinner, Venus fly traps, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, and more...all in one verse
It's been a great day with a great breakfast, nap and a family bikeride. Now to plow through some writing assignments!
I have deep faith that the principle of the universe will be beautiful and simple.
Up in cali so good to b out here bac to vegas on sat
"There's an old Wayne Gretzky quote that I love. 'I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.' ...
did he beat the case??
go jets go you beadle pick jets over eagales love michelle
"Yes Kess Express" today's schedule: All welcome to a GO VOTE Rally at Croatian Club 4859 Eoff St. in Benwood from 1-3 pm, then ....
You're fucking #LAME if all u tweet r "Please follow me" & "Please DM me" tweets! If you were truly cool u don't need 2 ask 2 b followed
I think so too,and our blood line also lol
DO YOU WANNA GO TO THIS ASAP ROCKY SHOW IN POMONA? WE HAvE AN $$EXTRA TIC$$! Bring yo ASS To The Glasshouse and hit me!
I thought sushi was nasty, I guess it just depends on what kind you get lol
#3DAYS till naked teeth :) WOO <3 we wont be brace faces together :( BUT OH WELL YEEEEUHHH :)
we're u at nig
This is not real life
yes...just like in 'Tron'...lol
Belvedere's! 80s Night! 's birthday!
TONIGHT! SETTING SUN PART 2: a Broken Glass New Works playreading! See you there! Studio 2G!
Students get 1/2 off tickets at Brewers games on Friday nights? WHY DIDN'T I KNOW THIS EARLIER
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number so
im very proud of i love him very much, i hope to be married to him one day.
Maybe I should be bold.. Can't I'm the female..sheet I want you to talk to me about you Not money,fame,or anything else! Just you blue eyes
Gotcha...That's Nathan. He should be back soon. That's my dude.
LOL!! We were just there! Amazing isn't it!!!
Worse lic plate "IMMENUR" WTF dude? Am I missing something...
HAHAHAHA LOVE IT!! glad everyone is enjoying it!
and I close my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray I love y'all :)
Your not real you Fucking fake go get a life like for real, is real! And he has a girlfriend and he is not a jerk
looks like we have a case of the Tuesday's over here!!!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend.
I used to spend $45 for 3 CDs at Tower Records. Now I have Spotify on my phone. This is a weird moment.
Put it in neutral and hit the gas!!! Lmao
is on the big screen
Eat ya heart out and
Hi!! RT : in the mix at avant garden this wednesday, then top notch party sat. s/o dj (triple d)
jet set life
The Miz and Dolph Ziggler's entrance mash-up music should be called "Here to Play" or "Came to Show the World". So epic.
MT Judge Reinhardt: only purpose and effect of Prop 8 was to lessen status and dignity of gays and lesbians in Calif
I loved his last line! God IS great!
I sent a letter to the listserve coordinator re #thatdarnlist, first sentence: I find this thread to be completely useless and inane. Snap.
Mac let's not forget so does your music ": real talk! RT “: the business of music sucks.”"
You know you're a huge fan when you get chills everytime her name is mentioned on #ABDC tonight!
RT : The horns in every Chicago song sound like farts. - HA! That band sucked!
Can't sleep. Stress is affecting my health. Going to eat raw today, drink lots of water and have a nice run at lunch. Hope to feel better.
true statement. Not just the Heat, but anyone who plays like they have been, doesn't deserve to win! So Kudos to the pacers
While happy to have an NFL team back in the city, many #Baltimore residents were sympathetic to the rage of #Cleveland #Browns fans.
have you ever tried to laugh without smiling
“: we are going to be old ladys in nursing homes racing wheelchairs #BF4LP” you already know!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
lol I know right.. So ghetto.. Is this like a retweet or wat n can ppl see this lol
TWO DAY SCHOOL WEEK! :D
Would I be petty to stash this other burger for L8er?! #fuck'em
How is it even possible that Obama is tied with Romney in polls ? Romney should be ahead by a landslide 15+ pts !
Great lunch at ! Thanks go out to Molly and !
REEL INJUN + A GOOD DAY TO DIE are now on sale together for $349 with PPR, $249 without. Email us at to learn more.
I wish DVD manufacturers would always use the same cases, so we wouldn't have to have a dozen kinds of security measures.
and the tent?
that's something I ca Relate to. Sometimes you wish they would go back to not talking. Not often, but sometimes
searching thru craigslist and found a RoN Gronkowski jersey. ha
Oh, that's where you are today!
HI I see you
Want to honor mom on Mother's Day? Call her or pay her a visit & tell her you love her. Buying or wearing something pink says NOTHING.
Today, my office was the clothesline. Tonite, I get ready for a northbound train.
However, there is no doubt that the hidden charges involved in the purchase of replacement supplies will fasten you
candy is sweet lol I was sayin "aw" cuz you miss my giant ass lol
Another performance tonight
ha I showed this to the roommates yesterday, its awesome!
Loving wandering around LA casually mentioning that global warming doesn't exist and seeing the horrified faces of waiters and shopkeepers
If you haven't left for work yet....you're late. What a mess out there!!!!
It's entirely possible the most talked about person at the #natbookfest is that guy with the cat on the leash.
It's a 300 yr-old burial ground. Strangely beautiful, really. You'll have to come visit!
Hahaha!!!! Same here. RT : Zero. Hand me the whiskey.
With all these close calls it makes you wonder how many missed calls there were back in the day.
#wmnldrs Stand on the shoulders of those who came before you
LET'S GO HEAT!
Pilot strike grounds 124 flights Industrial action from Iberia pilots caused the airline to cancel 124 flights, affecting many people ret
Carly, I've been glued to twitter all day watching the stream of
OH!! you mean the stupid bitch, whore, slut, hoe, free ugly ass prostitute? Yeah, she's a retard :]
reply to my text message
No idea, I'm watching a stream. I don't get Fuel TV
My first tweet! :D
Monday Morning News: Jwow and I have something in common :) RT Love watching will and grace in the am
In the business center at the Marriott checking the THATCamp blog ... cuz internet in the room costs $9.95
Few more days until the weekend, can't wait!
RT : ": Very good start for your man " Zuuuuussss.
was reading: "He marveled at her beauty, sensuality and sexuality as she walked from him. He just wished she had done it before they met."
Did you take the time to close your eyes and place your lips to mine?<U+2665>
You're amazing!!!<U+E32E>
He makes my whole day better.
VAS HAPPENING? heeyy!! you are AMAZAYN!!!! please follow me :) THANKS!! <3 you!
I agree! I need color in my life and white walls make me sad.
Got a full day of painting and drinking tomorrow. Better turn in!
lol no u not
It seems I have a particulary stupid Breitfart commemorating troll/bot that only RTs my insults into it's followers streams.
“: If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, show me off. If I'm worth it, fight for me.”True tht
Some times you have to step back and say "you win". Turn and walk off with your head held high because you know that you did your best.
be at the football field tomorrow after school. You throw with basler and I'll throw with Bish.
That is awesome! WTG Men!
and if he broke up with selena i hope hes not with some other girl thats just like a no no llol
it's just a gag between us. Random comments keeps her on her toes.
Thank you Tiffany. Ask for me next time you come in so I can come out and say hi.
The joys of living with a significant other will never end.
at least in the mainstream talk ....very true! It breaks my heart!
Do it!
Instead, they pulled their sense of what the 'spirit' of the rule is straight out of their asses, and affected outrage over it.
Unless it is extremely windy O_o
The vinyl buyer at the hvd sq newbury comics really needs to GET WITH THE FUCKING PROGRAM!
naps are my fav
I met Justin's wife today. I tried to say hi to her, but then i realized i was talking to myself.
169 needs to be three lanes!
How did Mattingly handle it last year when Brox started blowing saves? Did he go committee or hand it 2 Guerra
Some people just dont understand when we dancers say that we use hair nets. We're not joking, people...
Thanks! Pop forever!
RT : Amazing that Twitter now gets as many API calls as Google gets searches (both ~3 billion/day according to public statements)
Q4) Planning, analysis, know the audience, be able to press the delete key
But the Less you have, The Less you have to lose...Look On The Bright Side Of Things
Is Megan sad? :(
What do you do when bored?
I'm sorry but physics just does not click with me.
Repairs planned for facade damaged seven years ago
I love Betty White! Bummed that I forgot to record her birthday show tonight, hopefully it'll be on again...
if only i could wear spanx and a sports bra to school...
A tiny five dollars can turn into a big bank account. Get the lowdown by sending an email to
People Be Stupid.
"It's better to refuse than to accept & not go"...African Proverb from Madagascar
Amazing day, so far my spring break has been good af
#belly2 stupid as ever
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious. ~Bill Meyer
Follow ma promo page for all the latest
Thanks, Darrell. Very kind of you.
Martial arts movie night
Like All The Stuff You Said On Twitter And Then When U Saw Gabby U Didnt Lay An EYE On Her ! Neither Say A Word To Her...
that's all you can do baby!! Keep the grind. Miss you much!! One love
You are saved so don't talk like that! Don't walk like that! Don't try to fit in! YOU'RE SAVED!!!
First rehearsal tonight with our new dancers who joined the company - it should be good!
Yes! That sounds great! I need some pointers. And you need to come and visit. ;-D
Sunburned ... Sad face
yes 2 months I just love birthdays ahaha
Wow. The fufu really sits in your stomach like a brick. Not sure how I feel about Nigerian food so far.
aw me too i was born in december the 1st actually lol
“: I maybe late w/this idea, but have you put your fliers in OBGYN offices? I'm dropping off to mine!” yes we did!
it was amazing :) I loved it lol. I am cold right now D:
she always does that
I'm not Jake T. Austin.
why aren't you gonna be able to go home? :c i'm sorry!
is brilliant in Life's Too Short. kills it once again.
#TU finish the year strong! Focus on the obedience of today to unlock the purpose of tomorrow!
S/O to all undertaker fans be glad to see him in action again undertaker4 ever
I love you and i'm so proud of you<3
Mahomies gonna love :)
the view from this airport is magnificent!
Its much easier to eat a steak with a forkin' knife.....
They lost a package I had coming. Like completely lost it. Matt=pissed
follow me <3
Waste of time!!
oh i don't work for them, so i don't know. I havn't heard anything tho.
note that really got to me. He is a special young man and I'm glad he's my brother.
is so pretty, even wit minimal makeup.
Back in 1996 when the president also believed in #gaymarriage and was in a position to do something about it in IL, what did he do?
to overcome them. Life is beautiful.
MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SONG! !!!!
Good morning everyone!
Teacher sees phone "give it!" girl "no!" teacher "give it!!" girl shoves it down her bra "want it now?!?!?!?"
I just want to tell you how it isn't fair. But then I'd be the bad guy.
RT« good morning I love you.! And hope you have a great day.!»
Mom is paying more attention to her new cell phone then to me....I think I will have to kill it.........snort
Congrats to my boy , he's gunna do big things across the pond
Camilla you lost! They had a plan and it worked LOL karma back at you Lmao #BGC some1 got out smartest just saying
5 months ago i thought being friends with your ex is weird and awkward and i never understood why people did it...i understand now :)
Circulating Ideas podcast: speaks, among other topics, on ebooks, subject of upcoming workshop....
i'm having heart palpitations
We're excited - let us know when it does!
come in for lunch and see me and shannah and Dave
are you reading Critical Path too?
just got back from a morning workout! Feels so good lol gonna wash up and spend the day with family <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
so good to see, along with Springer mashing lately
Nice work, ! Looking forward to working w/ as your director of industry relations & social media
Dont wish to have an easy life, wish to be a stronger person
at the Orpheum
#1111 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone plz look up on iTunes. He is an amazing singer. You'll love it!
We generally change ourselves for one of two reasons: inspiration or desperation.
Do you bring work home with you over the weekend or do you leave it in the office for Monday?
And Arian Foster just bowed goodnight on the Bengals' season..
Could it be... more tracking today!?
Crying just feels/sounds so much better right now.
#showbiz you already know ;) Mkay. I need to get some sleep. Ni-night Mr. The same amount of letters in all of our names. Aha!
#FAIL RT : Loudest cheer of the afternoon just came when Sox recorded final out of inning. Royals scored six runs in the ninth.
thanks dude, it felt pretty solid. Thanks for keeping the conversation in the twitterverse tubes alive.
We loves it! Hope you feel the same about Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
You love "that guy...." tweets haha.... and I only smell of pure goodness, duh
lol pulling an all nighter with my friend because of the hurricane!
I learn so much from my students. Apparently, high school kids still say "your mom."
Thanks! Just relieved it's apparently not my fault. RT : As soon as it's fixed we will let everyone know both here and on Facebook.
Lol trying to guard the Masked Mamba
Ha :P
Don't know if it's the new filters on the left, but Pubmed isn't playing nicely w/ my IE 7. Blah.
New generation is to worried about the colors of their parts. That stem as been one of the best stems I've own.
always so damn hungry... i could use some publix fried chicken right about now. lolol
woohoo! Gonna be epic!!! Stoked to work with you Jenn! <3 so grateful you could join us!
Vegas is not my kind of town,---that'd be Chicago. But still had fun last night.
Many of the people whom I follow have started complaining about Twitter and pondering its purpose. Is this the beginning of the end?
Big #ShoutOut to &
Climb high, climb far...your goal the sky, your aim, the stars.
#SallyAdams- "we create who we are every day" #YPABQ "Lunch With Leaders" sponsored by NM Business Weekly
Another Beautiful Spring day in INDY
Kalamazoo what's going on this weekend?
If you are in Real Estate and on Linkedin, let's connect to network
What war started the tiki craze in Amer? That would b WWII, as correctly answered by , plz DM us ur email!
Came home seeing an empty bag of what used to be sugar cookies. You would think after 15 cookies my dogs would be full
Excited to hear upcoming talk on SUG funded project on research support to historians with and
An ode to on tonight's Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. And the funniest.
Heated ass fucked my parents are asshole. And should have mrs.wills thrown at them.
Were's my BFF at dead ass
derp. I guess i shoulda stayed in Ohio.
did the dog have a bony spine, horn on nose with thorny tail? That would have been a dead giveaway to the dog-a-saurus breed.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
thanks for following! keep us in mind if you want to have a live karaoke band ever... my old bad was at SD HOB weekly all summer
Since Louie and William say "bong" Me and Arii say "get a job"
also, i love the god damn swedes.
Can't even describe how exciting the atmosphere here in New Orleans is. Tigers vs The Tide.
yea probably todayy if enough ppl show up.. somebody hit me up already too hoop today
ANY TIME!
You Only Live Nine Times... If you're
There are times when the simple dignity of movement can fulfill the function of a volume of words. ~Doris Humphrey
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F A FEW CLOUDS: 67F A FEW CLOUDS
heii I am a big fan of them hihi :)
Thanks for hosting today's 10th Anniversary luncheon and for your continued commitment to the women & daughters of
: thank you for your amazing support!
Beautiful day in TN looking at #beef #cattle and visiting with friends
haha I tweeted that yesterday, and it was 2 am, and I thought it was like 8, so my phone sent me a reminder that it's tomtom
thanks for the follow and look forward to working with u!
I think the folks at the National Federation of the Blind have some powerful vision for people who call themselves blind. Thanks NFB!
I want to marry him some day and have his last name..At this point i wldnt have it any other way---ms.williams bitches!!!
I am a half guy until I get it under 2 hours. That will be next year. The energy of 35k people is insane
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments
In EMC "Accelerate business with Cloud" with &
Just finished watching Foo Fighters: Back & Forth. My love for Dave Grohl? So, SO big.
don't get me wrong it's a beautiful song.
I drink to make other people interesting. - ""George Jean Nathan"".
Needs a Cuddle Buddy.
My birthday is in 2 days
Thank you Ed!
Llife real complicated rite now but ya boi on his J.O.
Whatever, this weather is PERFECT.
Just watched Raw on DVR. Prediction: Big Show (fired last night), interferes, giving Laurinaitis the win. WWE can't lose top heel.
WarRoomOH: I'm in my own little world, but it's okay, I like it here. Everyone knows me.
All tax credits including homestead are applied before the surtax is calculated.
- true sir! Sorry i missed this, I never got a notification for it. Damn Twitter. Ha!
George Zimmerman is now in police custody.
Time to rest these cords... Need them to be strong 2mo am
The kingdom of God is within you. - Luke 17:21
Truth being brought this mornin' in the church house!
RT Come on New York!! (I hate rooting for them, but I am!)
for how much i only have 300
: A brand new day & a brand new week filled with brand new opportunities & experiences just waiting 2 be taken advantage of.
The best teacher I ever had taught me how to believe in myself!
send a direct message and i'll enter your entry
dude! your email address is spamming me and everyone else! its the yahoo one. I got good news! gimme a call sometime?
: "there are millions of people building the web, but i only have a couple engineers to crawl it."
wheres off season for you?
Everyone is pretty in there own way <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
cold cold rain
Where can I email if I have a question?
on a plane back 2 MIA 4rm NYC. If we were on the same flight, I would've shared my bag of cookies and cupcakes w u. Bad model!
you should definitely come to Houston it's so much fun! Oh and please follow me?
Ok so I can't believe that there is legit 30 days till graduation! That is four weeks..
Laurie Santos just drew a distinction between "philosophizing" and doing real science... Pilosopher says ouch...
1D Get Naked would like it too much. ha.
We have tickets to our debut Vegas show! June 11 at area 170 with Only 8 bucks! We deliver! RT
awww..you know I love you Joe so much as my beautiful friend from Illinois :)
omg iv'e been 2 crowley b4!! thts so cool!! omg i want to meet u!! lol
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING! MUAH
m rabbit.
Considering this Memphis game tomorrow. Hm.....
Always a good thing to have, great bourbon leads to great ideas!
Last.fm > Pandora
z is gonna be the 2nd black person ever in Kodiak.. (Simon was first)
"Humber? How about Humbest?" Love it!
that isn't even fair! What an amazing shot!
per autograph you are getting
post-partum depression.
is excited for things to come.
Seeing space makes Consciousness want to fill it up with all we've got.
I mean, I sent it out to 12 major TV producers and maybe only 1 didn't get returned unopened. Was an eye-opener.
Opened Tweetdeck, said problem with all feeds. Logged out, now I can't log in. Disabled my firewall, still not working. Any suggestions?
We <3 our followers!
I can take you places you ain't never been before.
We Are Georgetown T-shirt: obviously office appropriate. Hoping to get out of here in time to watch the second half. HOYA SAXA!!!
What have you read lately that caught your attention (about studying in US)? Looking for inspiration today...
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Harry: True. You: Wha-..? Harry: She's talking to me right now.
AWESOME soundtrack
#decalove excited for prelim awards!!
My fave is when the footnotes explain the bawdy references.
You don't seem to be very active on da twitterer lately.... #whaddupwitdat?
#IfITellYou how I feel, would you feel the same way too?
Just talked to a lady with a very thick southern accent. Kind of makes me want to eat at a Waffle House.
I know I got titans with , jets with , iggles with and browns with
You fuggin snore
#astd2012 - "I fail over and over again an that's why I succeed' - Michael Jordan. Basketball reference ... Now your talking my language lol
#schoolmemories flicking off the teacher everytime they turned their back!
follow #ethiosoccer in DC!!!!
Just saying. Sheesh, lighten up
Half Asleep in Poop Pajamas
EVERYONE FOLLOW THIS WISE MAN IMMEDIATELY! RT You are too young/ too handsome.
Startup folk: Do you add your investors to your general mailing list so they get to see emails that go out?
My nephew is lying next to me and talking about all the wonderful things that go through a 5-yr-old's mind.
thanks a lot Taylor! We'd love to see you again next time we come through town. Spread the word to your friends!!
Watching a master teacher using an effective metaphor to teach concluding sentences. We all need more time to observe each other. Best PD.
Life can knock you down, it can break your heart
win the lottery tonight and maybe it'll be possible for you
got a $5 gift card for buying Charmin toilet paper at #target !!! Guess who got a new pair of shoes?
I usually wash my hands b/c I like the scent of the soap, not because I want to have clean hands.
Man living at home is such a drag.
Studio Location Shopping. Excited!!!
Maybe I should hire you to do a website for me....
dissapointed in John Mayer's entire interview not just the N-word and black folks insults
But I digress
Keep it 3Hunna
I just finished a 2.25 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
The #newgirl is my new favorite show!! LOVES IT!
Let's keep the peace Oakland.
Respect used to be a joke when we were all young. And nowadays it seems to be the only thing we seek. Or maybe I'm just speaking for myself.
were u asking me what time it was here? If so, in PA it's 9:29
McGee is one of those dudes who will need to be traded around to be motivated until one vet or coach motivates him for every game
Are they ever gonna kick this retarded idiot Ron Artest out of the league? You can call a foul on this Bi Polar moron every play
The Lakers infuriate me as much as the Pirates. Stop playing down to the competition for once.
I'm actually so bad at graphics it swallows my whole day trying to figure things out.
#FF , a student-led nonprofit that hosted a fabulous event at last night!
Networking Group for Pathways/OI Partners clients meets tomorrow from 9:00-11:00 AM. Topic: "Networking & Personality Type."
of will be leaving the station. We wish him well in Boston :)
HILLARY CLINTON IS SPEAKING AT SYRACUSE ON MY BIRTHDAY
I was JUST listening to that song
thanks, I'm actually focused on creative video projects lately, but I might know some good folks for this
glad you're listening to your body
Hell yeah! And we just may win RT : You're alive! Sugar Bowl baby!!!
The school fair Is actually fun (:
RT : Cat/Dog first aid and CPR course on May 15 at Oregon Humane. Free. Register by emailing
so do I. The best fight the best Oscar fought everyone win or lose.
lmao, that's cute(:
Getting on the road back home soon.
What's up with Blazers? Lose Roy forever due to knee injuries and Odom hurts his knee and is out for the year. Call it the "Curse of Jordan"
After spending most of my first 17 years in dance classes, I'm not sure how I feel about going to a class tonight after a 6-year hiatus.
um have you been to a Bucks & Bulls game?
Several people tweeted the wonders of ALA Mobile Planner, searched twitter for info to dl and found none. Why am I not surprised?
I need that suzie in my life right now
Yikes! Hope all is well.
Doh! Sending password to myself (yes, in the clear) and accidentally cc'd . I'm classy like that.
Well crystal when will you be seeing richard?
...it does change and expand the context he can work within pretty significantly.
Love entered the front door, fear quietly exited the back. - DM
Nope. Same reason. I suppose you're an author like myself
could you please follow me I need more followers
Go ! RT : Listen to radio at 7 pm EST on Guests:
1 lucky family will win a family 4 pack of tickets to at the 2011 SDFE. See you there!!!
WALKING IN MEMPHIS, LETS GO GRIZZLES !
HaHa Jack Del Rio reunited with Drayton Florence
Heading to the Center for to get ready for our opening tonight. Come hang w/ us & see student photography in action! 6:30pm
I'm just one of a million guys watching loving some Zooey Deschanel.
Extreme and profound #beauty induces a feeling of loneliness so hard and tangible.
Jimmy Fallon is slow jamming the news with the president AND Dave Matthews is playing , & I haven't slept in 4 days and MUST. SLEEP.
• You can either watch or listen live, or watch or listen to archived games whenever you want. Games from other years too.
ABC Family totally rocks right now! hearing Dublin, Ireland, and Irish so many times in a row is making my heart hurt
It' a gorgeous day!!! I am enjoying coffee, bagel with Nutella and the scent of lilac. It's lilac season. Enjoy your day & take some water.
And now, I begin to learn this twitter dealie ... Yay, technology!
Recapping the President's plan to pull thousands of troops out of Afghanistan. Watch 19NewsNightcast
Going to olive garden in my dance costume ...
Lopez: "I was remembering just a few min prior to the accident her looking @ me & smiling & I'm thinking I'm never going to see that again."
youre my sister!! youre supposed to answer when i call you 7 times!!! lmao
I have no dog in the fight, I'm a Skins fan and a Falcons fan...but the team with the most BC'ers gets my vote, that's NYG.
Mischlers Florist for the perennial sale. And we'll go to lunch. Flower shopping in cold rain is a bummer! Did that last year!
Leather Feather 6/5 Bottom of the Hill As A People 6/7 Bottom of the Hill
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Waiting in the Lobby of to be on with this morning!
RT : 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for $50 at Port of Call every Thursday night!
thank you
Those look delish !!! always loves a tasty little sweet!
Soakn n smokn listening to Pandora :) [Perfect]
back...not bad
I can't wait for the weekend !
lmfaoo, BET YOU HAVE CRABS OR AIDS!!! You know she messes around with her dogs up in her trailer park! lmfao.
I'm at Greenway Pub of that helps. You're the coolest!
now following
What is everyone up to tonight?
we're already following each other
Yaaaay about to board!
God will replace everything you lost. If He asks you to put something down, it's because He wants you to pick up something better.
itz hello I'n my way
I am really going to miss my dads <U+E036>
just got your message, email is ,do you know anyone with credit card debt, story tonight
What you doing in NOLA? I'm from there, so let me know if you run out of debaucherous things to do!
Nothing can stop a determined heart.
Casa Latino is seeking for agents for south bay....pennisula area.
Tickets to the Aims hotel session with the Silver Sun Pickups coming up next!
I kno exactly how you feel
Travel Tip: If you take your pet abroad, check the embassy's requirements that must be met before a pet may be brought into the country.
Thanks for watching,
You got a Audie. Other than that...?
called hyponatremia (low salt) eat something salty, an hour youll feel better
with strawberries growing on them as mignardises?
... All we need now is a sharpshooting elf and a really pissed off dwarf. well and a few giant eagles.
Just started a new gig Co-workers are nice so far, if a littler taller than my last staff.
Thats how u know faith want it she even rt my tweet lnao
Don't usually pay attention to the NL. There's a dude named Buster on #SF ?! Hoping his real name is Byron, a la
What does that even mean? I just want some chocolate.
For good luck, Egyptian women pinch the bride on her wedding day. Ouch!
thunder/nuggets would be interesting to watch...youth vs youth
Our student book review blog is motivating our 5th graders. They've reviewed 150+ books so far & I buy those they recommend
Working out the kinks on our website so we can bring you even more great deals. Thanks for your patience!
#MostOverratedMusicArtists one Direction. Theres plenty more male groups... They just arnt obsessed over by the mass 12 year old girls.. Smh
Dropping people from FB's nice. Think of it as getting rid of crickets...or cockroaches.
Bomb Queen cosplay coming via a friends suggestion
Best baseball game ever? Bring on Game 7!
Hi everyone! If you participate in #gsmc remember it stands for Global.Social.Media.Chat. There is another 1 floating around, that is NOT us
Men plz remeber: DON'T DO THINGS IN THE BEGINNING THAT UR UNABLE TO DO TIL THE END
Too far, lol.
This is why I hate shopping with her.
so whens this wine/blunt nightt we always talk so highly about
I'm about to cry this isn't even funny -.- I love him so much..
If you can't win, quit like I do
Rumors true: Clooney was at WH lobbying the President on Sudan this afternoon.
Get your tushie out here!
I'm watching but prolly same. Think people could make bank with in/out quick. Even after IPO. Remember when yahoo was good trade. ;)
It's Monday, what 2 steps can you take today to move you towards your goals? Yes, only 2. Keep it simple, avoid overwhelm.
when libraries are taken down, their states fail with them
I've accomplished my job as Master Pot Stirrer today. I'll probably regret this decision!
Check Out Fresco Fay On Sound Cloud....Debut Album Coming Soon!!!
oh boy
I know! I think my mom attracts them. she once watched a bowl of salad fly off her counter when home alone...
Yes, I am, crazy week for me....how was yours?
oh the things I gotta tell u gurl that be goin downs lmfao.
I want a tumblr; so I'm going to go make one.
My back hurts, my neck hurts,y calve hurts....... :|
carson daly? RT Still thinking about the Carson special from last night... If you haven't already, set your VCR's.
do you know how long it is? maybe i'll do it in parts. its just my internet is insanely slow and i dont have the patience,
Listening to Albioni....
We need a written assurance from Enda Kenny that our CT rate will not change
Yeah, especially since it's usually a wasted exercise
Paddycake, Paddycake, baker’s man, Bake me a cake as fast as you can! In addtion to cakes, we've got brownies and blondies for only $1 each!
Y'all ever just knew somebody did some shit, but you can't prove it. But there's little to no doubt about what's going on.
so is it gonna happen??
I just hope they understand before anything im a man.
Tomorrow we will be making a very important announcement...life changing...life is powerful
Thank you 4 helping
Sending chocolate because you can never have too much!
if only there were still men like Noah in the world
O another game 7, Grizzlies & Clippers who we got
Need a big night from the
I hope you do too!
To get a letter, write a letter.
cool story, bro. tell it again.
If we show up, is that stalking?
are LOSING. missed the session :/
Also, the house band at 's event is killing it. Manu chao, outkast, nate dogg, and a great snoop cover.
Inland Empire African American Redistricting Coalition is presenting Assembly districts
May 13 - 19 is honored as National Women's Health Week.
i dont need to cuz mines made tht much in one day. Now whos in beast mode? #Mr. Wiggles
Trucks should not have spoilers.
#NeverShouldYouEver make your girlfriend/boyfriend feel like that have competition.
That lady is beast on keys!
would you renew your season tickets for next year if it's like this season?
Don't you mean .... it WILL be? <dun dun DUH>
We're are going to continue giving away free stickers if we can help get donations to cover the costs!
There are few players in baseball I dislike more than Reed Johnson. If he would have scored, I'd have been pissed.
follow bAck
NBA finally catching up to the NFL with stylish fan apparel
Does anyone know any good tubing spots?
Jersey shore, VMA's, Kardashians, on the couch, don't bug me.
i think getting your tweets 2 my phone is amazing! #FollowBack? <3
what would you like to know about the tournament?
just a quick chat (skype?) to get your perspective on the site. do you consider yourself a fan?
yep, come on in!
of course I understand u! I know how hard it can be to study a foreign language!! Yes it's so great I always enjoy it :)
Happy holidays from all of us at Critical Exposure.
Thank you for the follow! Love that your coffee can change lives!
"Sunny, one so true,we love having you." Thank you for the truth that you bring
is so based.
“Media studies... are central to our early 21st century world. New knowledge is emerging.” via Dr. Bernard Luskin,
lol 17 bro time to smoke weed
Cool dad. Got me a whopper for lunch. I may die.
It look so nice outside but the sky looks scary..
why has no one asked if is willing to change his # again? Ben Uzoh is wearing 6 for the
the kind of love Stefan and Elena have together only grows stronger,please tell me Elena will soon show her love for Stefan soon?
RIP Les Paul
Cause you're a freaking ninja!!
Somewhere in Stillwater, Keiton Page is wondering why #Lin couldn't have "turned it up a notch" against the
with such a mild winter, do you think it's going to be another crazy hot #summer?
Just created an account, can't log in. Reset the password twice, no go. What to do?
I've been training muay thai about 1.5 years now. I joined my gyms fight team last week, and looking at a fight in July.
love your songss!!! and please follow back
Feeling funny today.
Wish the #bruins could save some of this awesomeness for the stretch.
Brainstorm: bring the Council's reading & discussion programs to NYS penitentiaries! Could call it "Prose & Cons."
Happy Friday to you!
Wow, Sports Direct @ St James's Park drops the St. James's Park, good job Mike Ashley, way to spend your good-will reserve
Tomorrow is Friday! What a week!
Inception is 17 for Blue ray/ DVD combo at target.
I should just live on my own. My parents are never here anyways so why not!?.
It took me 15 minutes to find some honey roasted nuts. It feels like they jusy haphazardly threw this store together. Bread and nuts?
hahaha it's funny. How'd you take group pictures? We never got to do that either.
Our Not so Traditional, not so fried, Friday Fish Features are getting Rave Reviews! If you haven't checked it out make plans for this week
hahahahahahaha dumb ass !!! xD i miss my rebel
haha people are like starin at me
Wearing your guy's sweatpants >>>>>
and, quiet, too.
blossoms now?
I know, man. I get excited when I see myself, too.
Oh Chris, I'm just getting started.
• Like If 8 Packs Are Better Then 6..(; • Comment If 6 Packs Are Better The 8..
lol yeah you did.
Wishing i was in a hot tub! #Cold <<<<
i almost died cause i didnt eat anything today. But i beat my time but a min. And a half ^.^
so so happy for you!
Ryan Has been watching to much "Babe"
Congrats Margaret! RT : Huge congrats to SUNY-Buffalo's on being the newest Brittain Postdoctoral Fellow!
Saw your last tweet. Check out our website www.stardesignsa.com . Maybe we can help you find exactly what you are looking for. :)
wait...do you groove to jams, or jam to grooves?
No question. It's just amazing that swapping out that one piece made such a HUGE difference.
The language you use of "poor blacks" and "repressed".... Has racist undertones.
“: Im down with the fitness team, #TeamFitness.” all day every day
I'm starved !!!
He saw you. He wanted you. He liked you. He got you. He had you. He loves you. He got bored. He left.
10 minute nap <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Shidd this game a blowout
Second semester is going by extremely fast! Woohoo
About to go outside and play in the snow
"Stewed, screwed, and a neighbor for food" Zombie Housewives of the apocalypse
when the deans love you and don't check your bag but. heck everyone else's
you're welcome hun :)
Blast kills the power play, both teams back to equal strength
"Let's See Today's Plan, Spend Time With My OG, Than Go DownTown After All That, Available To Come Outside.!
i have got 32 #homeless people out of 3homelessness. i clothe and feed #homeless weekly also. PTL!
So water polo star Tony Azevedo goes down in trading card error lore with Billy Ripken and Carlos Beltran (Juan LeBron), among other greats.
It totally a prime spot - lots of sun. I'm not sure I'm ready for someone to sit there yet. Still adjusting.
Thanks, Kelly!
It makes up for the Belmont picks. WTF was I thinking.
are you in Utica please say yes.
So missed my flight last night but on my way home now, tired and excited to be heading home
you need to be specific. Lol
Holy frack, Bridesmaids was hilarious!
I love you too. I needed that!!! had a blast with you. Thanks. RT : I love my sis
For my Mom to make up for this weekend's pages by setting a major scene in one of her FAVORITE places! #NoDanFogelberg ( knows )
Happy for Corey Wooten as a Cats fan. As a Bears fan, I hope his knee is ok.
Oh loll.. Just making sure...
Is wondering why some people on twitter want that professional image and yet they have no picture of themselves or their business.
how u get all them followers lol
Friday at last! Atlanta, have any fun plans for the weekend? Been out to catch a game yet? Still first in our division!
Watching the editing, mixing and mastering process is an invaluable lesson - don't skip out on it. Just sit and observe and learn!
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye — it also includes the inner pictures of the soul
So is any teenager who can sing and has long hair considered another Justin Bieber?
yup I still got my blackberry though
Today is the day Opens for Season Pass Holders! Open to the public next Sat. w/ Dora the Explorer & SpongeBob SquarePants!
Semi-randomly, is it just me or is the gender messaging in beer commercials & other football-time ads particularly objectionable this year?
you make my life so easy!! Thank you.
nice playing tonight! 10 boards is real nice work. Huge role for u at arizona next year. Can't wait to watch the team jell.
#5Myths only hillbillys, rednecks, and country folk are from Nashville.
any movie out that you wanna see?
Submitted The Advocator concept to the challenge to win 10K. It was approved! Looking forward to becoming a finalist.
My bf has perfect date ideas. Go to the mall, eat, go home, eat hot cheetos, watch lion king, have sex, take a shower, have sex, cuddle.
It's only fair to include Seattle to the tour. After all, we're the only city from the challenge excluded :(
Thanks for the Reminder!
I sometimes want to walk around in your brain. It would probably be a musical, like West Side Story.
Follow ,this is not a promo im just saying ,he follows back follow ,him its free
Are you going to verify credibility of that poll? 451 said they'll vote in dem primary, but <350 were Dem.
Well no. I usually have 2 :)
You now know about #studyday but do you know about StudyBlue? Come check out our online flashcards at the tutor desk.
Hello everyone plz follow n I follow back <U+E056>
Confidential to library peeps: My library added a LibraryH3lp chat box to our Ebsco products! We're excited to see how much traffic we get.
See you Monday 6:30pm at the YW. Now is a time to "make it plain" & make it right
Nothing better than chips ahoy cookies, my snuggie, and a Martin episode to relax from a long day of work!
sweet a freakin air check session (in Don Imis voice)
"use protection unless you want her second child to be your first mistake" I speak wise words.
Just saw Justin bieber and Mariah carry's NEW CHRISTMAS music video. ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU. It was awesome;) want it on my iPad.
A sale is not something you pursue; it's what happens to you while you are immersed in serving your customer. Unknown
Niall sounds so cute.
I like that someone updated the copyright in 2010
The coffee from the cafe in Cobb was especially good today, but it did not help me much on my Persian exam.
Whoa what's everyone doing for new years? A year ago today I had the balls to start a better life in a better place with nothing. Lv life!
Wow. Police are so kind and considerate when media and #unm faculty are present
we love the way you look from across the street... Come to tbar!!!
a cigar smoking, whiskey drinking man at the pool staring suspiciously. Please tell me he was wearing boxers & wifebeater.
Note to the world: ferociously banging on your keyboard does not in fact get your notes in the computer faster, its just obnoxious.
He's just a mama's boy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Haha, yeah. That's a good episode- hadn't seen that one before!
This sucks!!!
thanks for follow and YOU have a nice day too
Never tell a girl to calm down. It just makes her more angry
ewwww I took AP world History. that exam sucks.
may I please have a follow back??? (:
Don't forget about Colleen, she's also not on facebook, but she is sharing her crazy thoughts on twitter now
Comm Fish thanks staff, PSC commissioners and community participants. "Amazing level of civic engagement."
Yep....i was ready for bed. Then I saw a picture of people making food.. What did I do? Get up and make a feast at 2 in the morning!
Hey everyone! Go check out 's tour announcement at Facebook.com/actionitem :)
oh, the #heat made the playoffs? I hadn't noticed
You did Sam...before you found love -_-
Seattle, here I come.
Wish I was there with you girls. I know you're having fun! -- chapmansharp (). Wish you were here too!
Alright. Thanks.
Tomorrow should be a good day! And then a three day weekend!!
absolutely! Unbelieveable. Things are coming together.
I am NOT answering that!
#IAmThankful to everyone who has contributed to my success this year...and to everyone who will contribute in the the future. Luv Ya!
Heath Bell is killing me
I need a girl in my life so I can have someone to spend this money lol and find love
Do you use a profile or fan page on #Facebook?
I spent the flight back from DC taking notes on my notes. Now I just need to take notes on THOSE notes.
Okay an I still don't care. I didn't say it was cute.
I'll do it, I have to do laundry and finish a puzzle but I'm good at describing things, can I phone it in? voicemail?
We go threw hell to get to paradise
didnt read ur self-serving story Are you that despicable and judgemental a person as to criticize w/o knowing motive?
Making "Bacon" in Real Estate - helping people sell their home and having more fun with folks who want to buy a house. Can we help you?
#iabaudio Taylor wood talking tap to call
The more followers I get the more I'll tweet!
Hellomynameischristianbeadles is now my instagram. Follow me or pay the consequences.
Tweeting from 100th anniversary camporee. Almost 1,000 girls and families at Camp Dellwood to celebrate!
Shows focus! RT : Yes, there are annual membership dues, and you must be referred by 2 existing members
loved seeing George back and so happy that Chris pulled the come from behind victory and William is finally gone!
Srsly. Or if we're going to go there, do we have to talk about tax exempt status, and everything else?
Jeff Teague almost yoked that
Trying to figure out where to set-up my light box to take photos for Etsy listings. The natural window light has changed with the seasons!
thanks, right back at you! let us know if you need biz cards, postcards, etc., and we'll hook you up w/ a great price.
This is National Prosthodontics Awareness Week. WIthout us, there'd be no dentures, bridges, & lots of missing front teeth! We <3 patients!
Yoooooooo what's good!
oh my God that was crazy
love you !
Uh its an iphone
bo packing is no fun! but totally worth it for mexico.
The person who reads my tweets through his phone, I needed YOU yesterday.
Mixx Friday & Saturday. Book your party in advance!
Thanks For 777 Followers!
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.” - Francis Chan
I'm 4'11, does that qualify me for the job????
Get "Heaven" today on itunes!
:) Thanks for the follow! It's my dogs' & cats' world...I just live in it.
It's starting to look more like 3pm. I'm running a little behind today!
no spoilers plz :)
Love that my former anchor is making friends with my current anchors
Yo..Feel Like Freestylin But Got No Beat On Hand? Then Get This App Called-"Gimme A Beat"
First Tweet from my iPad. A wonderful birthday present from my very understanding wife. So far, so cool.
i try to be there for ppl as much as i can. i feel like im so nice to everybody.
thanks! And it's been about 2 months now =]
vulture is awesome.
-__- I think its awkward on break with supervisors. Haha
Although I did see Rolling Thunder being escorted by Hwy Patrolmen..Pretty cool.
If the cop that shot John T. Williams in Seattle is prosecuted it will be the 1st time in 30 years an on duty cop has been tried. Too long.
Clousers jet landing soon. Should be a solid weekend hanging with the Penn ave peeps from trumansburg.
Taking #UndergroundFilm and #Animation to the next level! #Filmfests roll with me. Let's do it big Yo!
I wanna rub one out with ;)
next time<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#RVA #Pollen capital of VA? I think so!
Oh, sí, April 13, 7pm, Brava Theater. coming to the Mission. Taco USA. Book reading & signing.
New Girl Talk is out!!! Free as usual
No it doesn't numb skull it shows that a computer drafted a check.... you really are stupid..
I hate it when men whistle at me like I'm a lost little puppy. When women do it, it makes me fearful of my womanhole.
To the window to the wall till the sweat go's down my balls
Nobody reads my fucking bio. Stop mentioning me when you follow me. Fuck damn shit. My interactions show me.
No, I always regard going to ALA as akin to the tumbrel ride to the guillotine. I'll be there Sunday... Meetup?
That was really beautiful!! Thanks for sharing. :)
Good reminder for me/ : If we love one another, we truly listen. If we don't, we think of things we want to say -
Riding the digital waves bro!
we are happy to be 1 of the 500 :-)
RT : Nervous as hell
Just saw "The Doctor's Wife" and now I wanna see a book series about The Corsair. Get to work.
Roof closed at Miller Park. Hot like Arizona, which is winning by a lot, BTW
Undertaker is Back!!! Taker--H 3
great to have you in tonight! Stop by tomorrow for night!
good grief
i vote for nap.
You forgot to add, "to bring into work and share with the crew."
Going to KISS show tonight in Va. Will rock as always. www.kevinkash.com
I'm doing well. How are you doing? How is your jewelry business?
That won't help. All of Wisconsin is currently unavailable.
where'd you park?! That's too much money lol
My neighbor put up a "Honk for Vickie's (my Mom) B-Day" sign up in our yard. All day cars have been laying on their horns as they drive by.
4 HR's at Camden Yards not as impressive as Ryan Braun's 3 bombs and a double at Petco
" You said you'd always be there for me, but you're not. And it's because of me. It's my fault. –Simba
im puking up captitalism cause it's being shoved down my throat, everyone else seems to have no gag reflex tho
The top may wobble at times, but faith keeps it spinning.
excellent! Thank you! That's what I was hoping to do. She's coming on on
spotted cockroach number 3... Turns out your spray doesn't work on this one
You tell yourself you don't like them, and yet every time you think of them, your heart beats faster.
from - make open courseware extensible.
Haha wait until u start skyping
Hello! Are you home yet? Lol
Oh it's such a nice day, and I'm stuck inside doing computer work! Goober.
Ok goodnight to everyone! Bye :*
RT : Great ManDate with
Yes I am :-), don't tell ! That's how I keep up with things on the other side of the pond.
Best birthweek ever so far! Finger tattoos, dinner with family, new motorcycle helmet! And it gets better, tomorrow spa day and clean house!
Good Morning Dylan!!! :) <3
Warm weather makes me wanna ride my motorcycle :'(
Thx and I will! Congrats on your success :)
application to National Taiwan U's anthro program sent! u be a fool if you dont accept me honeybooboochild!
you can try Fiesta- they usually have a few for sale
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite former students Have a blessed day!
Wanted to get fucked up tonight since I'm so upset about my ex. But guess that won't happen.
in business and in sports speed kills, I am not just talking about being fast. talking about speed of efficency, though and focus action
Oh shit. Someone farted. If I die...you know why.
Today I'm feeling I A-flat minor. Where's the coffee?
We miss you guys!
Everyone check out tonight at 6pm CST, 7 for us east coasters. I love the idea and think it's great that they're doing it.
Thank you! Good to see you too! How've you been?
so, the day we release our first issue, our host decides to shut down. moving the site over to a different host. should be back up soon!
just to me lol
Taj gibson just peeled his muffin cap back blue
Maybe. Your odds are currently 1 in 3,011.
My thoughts exactly!
have you tried the shrimp toast at son of a gun in LA?
Thank YOU. You know how we love your cookie voice.
If I had a nickel for each time BOTH Tony and Mike were in Studio, I would live in a cardboard box.
I'm tempted to make a subliminal tweet
I like Bon Jovi! A lot!
RT : What Site Owners, Web Developers, And SEOs Should Know About the Yahoo/Microsoft. bit.ly/5yrEg
Finish this question: The one person I would love to meet is __________
Happy Anniversary!
Visit us the fastest growing classified site in the world to market or sell almost anything. Isisclassifieds.com
My mom totally cock blocked me in my dream last night.
The minuteman are an Nit power house now. Loving it!
Behind your tweets lies the hatred and disrespect of a fanatic. Not my thing. I wish you luck.
Happy Birthday, Fenway Park!
Yaaaaay-uh (easy to say, hard to write). Trying hard to focus on work, yet find myself shopping a bit this afternoon.
People change, feelings fade, heart broken, friends leave, friends become enemies, lovers become strangers, you’ll be judged, life goes on.
Want to go #solar? We can help with all your residential, off-grid, water heating, water pumping & gate operating solar needs!
The computer is down, therefore no broadcast
Internet Marketing Agency, Command Partners, Expands Again
#PeopleWhoWereBulliedButNowSuccessful , , , , . They inspire me a lot. <U+2665>
Arg! Yesterday was 404 and I missed my opportunity to post a status code joke.
Lml, Such A Funny Brother.
She be on twitter all day, how she ain't got more tweets then me
This jello tastes like cough syrup ..
Might be able to get someone to come pick them up today if not.
Walmart = fat people in track suit day! I need to start shopping at Target
wow...how very weak..
Cheese Steak! Cheese Steak! Cheese Steak! Are you ready for the Texas Cheese Steak from Memphis Minnie's?
What's up tonight #Akron?
funny! she doesn't find it so funny. I say its not funny. (but it is.) I'm a good girlfriend, and embarrass her via twitter.
I'm trying to almost give away a Honda Car,here in Phoenix and no one is calling.I guess every body has a car to get around in.That's Good
"The key to immortally is living a life worth remembering" - Brandon Bruce Lee
most boring saturday night ever! i hate when my weekend plans dont go as planned shit pisses me off
"You can't intimidate the " - Charles Barkley... "You sure can't" -
RT : Oh. It's green week! Maybe Dwight was conserving his energy?
Searching for a Domain host for my #startup - Any suggestions of a reputable hotsting compant?
No but he was on some super homophobic tip the other day and he got retweeted on my TL. Maybe looking for attention.
Welcme to the home of self-defense products!
Well how about that... I'm being followed by Vegas Strippers ().
<U+266A>How Am I Supposed To Leave You When My Heart Tells Me To Keep You? How Can You Ask Me To Let You Go?<U+266A> ~
Why would u pass on Earl Thomas philly? Good pick but bad time.
Just opened 4 btls of bubbly+wondered abt moon phase. Corks were MONSTERS to get out! RT : "...Full moon in perigee yesterday"
Wondering what I might come back to after 10 days of being away from work.
A whole bunch of misunderstandings and assumptions psssshh #humans lol
Give Me Love. Xx
Took another leap of faith :) love it
oh my gosh, I can't wait till they're over! 3.5 days of sleep sounds amazing!
All I have to worry about is my Spanish final and then I am DONE.
I'd like to see Johnny Damon come to Cleveland. Actually, let's just cut Sizemore now and keep Damon.
Battery on your remote control running low? Press the buttons harder.
Kate Stanford of Google talking SoLoMo with great examples... Mercedes Key to Viano interactive campaign via key chain very cool.
i was in school! i miss u 2<3
the hits? I just saw that some other people I follow arrived in NYC today.
Can't wait to see some of the new #website designs you've created! Thanks for sharing your #skills!
Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic.
Thank you for my gorgeous bracelet, i LOVE!! Definitely brightened up my day!
I seen that the other day, but lord about to burn the house down lol.
Me too! Specifically, the University Archivist for my alma mater [huge state school]. The position's been vacant for years.
Haha there is nothin on tv
As far as I can tell she doesn't seem to like ANY pasta. There must have been a mixup at the hospital.
call in my girl! :(
stupid 19 yr old boy who laugh thinks is cute but ruined her halloween by gettin married
we've been together for thousands of years..
Anecdote from 1 Seattle restaurant Groupon: 2k sold, 40% used in first 60 days, big Fri/Sat crowds. Basically, filled unused inventory
Pierce: Limitations in R5.4 against fee splitting are an impediment to delivery of legal services
Not a problem, it's what we're here for. ;-)
poorly run business for sure. Poor Sanchez doesn't deserve this.
Omfg he really just broke my glasses and then say sorry No.!
jus sayin'. if u gon get all deep and meta on my ass i'm gon point out how stupid it is. fuck yo couch
Where the fuck has alex riley been?
only if i was tan
enjoying life with 2 kids. You?
Jay-Ism # 4 - "A n Individual succeeds by always achieving, not by always repeating"..(Keep pushing yourself to new limits to find success)
Are you celebrating a March Birthday? If so stop by the Front Desk for a Yummy Surprise!
My mom said if I get my grades up, she'll take me to Demi's concert this summer. That's such hard work tho.
exactly. Could he have sustained those injuries from someone else or even inflicted them thereafter? Yes.
wen he first came out his name was meek mills
That's really funny. I reviewed her portfolio and wondered if she was related to you. Totally did not put that together.
so it looks like ORETO the fifth spec written by yours truly RS1 is resurfacing, making a comeback if you will. The Poet of Rhyme & Treason.
Interface is bringing Powershell (Feb 7) and Project Management (Mar 14) classes to Flagstaff, AZ - register today if you're in northern AZ!
Thank you Nate!
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice. Like slavery and apartheid, poverty is not natural. It is man-made...
where are you from? i´m spanish!
Of all the songs about being dumped by Judy Collins, "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes" is really the best.
Treating myself to guava, pina colada, mango and strawberry coconut cupcakes and cake pops for my birthday courtesy of :)
i don't like sewing jeans. specially cause they're not even mine. Like wtf pay me bitch
Couples Entry TWO FOR ONE! Single? Print the bulletin pass!
I know how you feel, noone at my school listens to my music.
This #RARE album is unbelievable ..
RT : Nothing surprises me anymore!!
Just spent the last minute reading Nonsense to my niece. Very cute book!!
I keep having uncomfortable moments with women at work, they flirt a little too aggressively, and im married...
My allergies are getting worse...I have a bloody nose, and a headache.
... Lebron isn't even the best player on his own team lmao.
You won't be seventeen forever, we can get away with this tonight. <3
that's our inspiration for lyrics.
#10tweetsaday its like exercise for your social networking....
seems like everyone who has a firm or a company has some guilt and secrets.
Why thank you!
is this really happening? I swear Ill never be happy again. And dont you dare say we can just be friends.
What fun madness! Thank you to all who came out to World Voices, ESPECIALLY the 150+ volunteers! PEN office is mighty quiet today...
And... D Rose is done for the season!
You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think
you never get over it, you just get to the point where it doesn't matter so much anymore.
The ice cream truck playing the music of scary clowns outside my window is messing with my ability to compose
Just left Tucson on a roll to Austin Texas for South by Southwest
You're crazy! HaHa I'll text you, "It's Britney Bitch!"
aye so i guess my birthday weekend begins now((:
my phone died.
The highest reward for your dedication to excellence is not what you get from it but what you become from it
hope yoiur having an amazing weekend!
UW is def one of the most social savvy schools. That said, it's mostly just marketing. Next step: genuine conversation.
I'm now a nail tech:) love doing my own nails fabulously!!!! <3
i'll admit the yabbadabbabitch part was pretty funny.. even tho he wasn't there :x
The short stubby guy tryed to put Jim Jones out there Monday. But got handled he was terrified.LMAO
Can't keep up wit all this new social networking stuff...
hahaha i love it, gotta catch up soon
R.I.P. Joe Morello
nap time.. long day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
#FF more superb, less absurd.
big nick for sure. Flippin titties all day
how can you see into my eyes like open doors? save me from the nothing ive become. bring me to life
The best thing you can do in 2 min for your business? Check out the "One Idea Two Minutes" podcast on our website or iTunes
thanks guys!
So you know that if you are so complimentary I MUST reply. Awesome, me? Gracias, mi amor.
funny thing about niggas , you never run out of em lol smh
Beards before hoes. Or did I get that saying wrong?
Those that want respect, give respect.
a week and a half away from being able to vote..
Gas station attendant pointed at a zit on my face and said "proactive worked for her". I said "oh really.. College really worked for me"
Me and mah boyfriend are doing great. :D & so is Valerie and Menchaca. <3 Coleita loves Menchacalita.
oh yes. Preparing my liver now.
How many times can I break till I shatter?
$20 for the whole lot of them. Do it, do it!
Thanks, Andy! Glad we could connect in the workshop today. We'll be in touch soon!
Why is ain't tweeting much?
Have a new pair of specs from Metro Eye? Or a fave pair you can't live without? Tweet a pic and show us how you rock your frames!
my net is down at da moment but im free saturday tho,if u gonna be n da studio-i could come thru
RT : “Quality has to be caused, not controlled.”- P. Crosby [Amen.]
should have a new edit of my reel ready reel soon, hope i reelly love it when im done
It is WAY too hot. Ugh.
tacos or burritos?
I'll make sure not to walk in your room. I find displays like that highly discriminatory to those of us with mutant height! ;-)
please follow back:)
you do ya school work
Did anyone else notice that dude in the 'Boyfriend' video wearing a 'Chunky Bieber' sweater? LOL.
Hanging out with weather producer this morning in the Center. Talking about watching today's Manchester Derby.
It's been a busy week. Finally getting back to painting tonight. We'll see if the decisions I've been thinking about hold their weight.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Just left one church and about to head to another one!
thank you for the follow! Love your site! Keep in touch
You, my friend, are lucky.
I would go to see Dali's home in Spain!
Learn about the A. Philip Randolph Porter Museum on today at Noon
No matter what the weather no matter what the weather RT : My friends, are your friends. We can be friends together.
you are amazing. You completely changed the course of their lives.
Playing with Poll Everywhere
Your welcome! And your in the Yay like us! And a night owl like us! lol
I'm with Maddie..talking about your brother lololol
": is going to die of how many times she does hookah." LMFAO , I'm not smoking.
Man im hungry as fuck!!!!!
Nice to hear about another good dining option before heading to a movie, Berkeley Rep or Cal event. Thanks!
well hung.
Getting ready for the tomorrow! Can't wait, going to have to save lots of room for all that food!
#FF for the best tech reporter north of the border:
i am deffinitly a real person,not a spamer,and trying to retire from driving gasoline tanker in the greater phily pa. area
of course :)
Great evening block walking, then meeting friends and supporters at the Metrocrest Democrats meeting. 22 days to go!
eat a piroshki for me...
Good morning, !
probably my favorite April fool's this year!
I spent today looking at my marketing plan. What do you do on a daily basis to market your business?
I like Skip Schumaker at second base for the #STLCards much more than Tyler Greene and Daniel Descalso.
Love that place!! “: Dine out. Fight AIDS! Headed to El Nuevo Rodeo now! #dolmn #FB”
um...where is my invite
Watching Arthur on pbs kicking it old school :)
Success means different things 4 different people...but is a mutual goal 4 us all. Value the path that leads u there, winding roads & all!
He'll be home and done with the military in 1 wk!
sure, you bet, no problem... Now... About that acquisition of my work...
; have i told u i love u lately??;)
The Girl with the Bacon Tattoo
Why, yes, I am eating Nutella between sets of sit-ups.
Any museum/exhibition folk know an out-of-box tool for recording video of visitors answering a question? Have seen one, now can't find it
Oh darn....we wouldn't want that happening now would we?!
Locbit wants to wish everyone a early happy
WOOT RT : Here's an idea: to road trip in VIP party bus/limos.
Big sports news re Dem cheatin' Saints. More with Packman on sports at 6:45!
I don't understand how I'm still so tired. Cannot deal. Cup of coffee #2, maybe skipping yoga.
interrupting yourself while talking to yourself… Quite the paradox, eh?
I have alerted the IT boys to your situation. Have you posted your prob to the chat board on the site?
RT dont forget about our delivery service Fast Food Express ATL. check us out.
Kids are hogging the iPad, can't keep up with twitter feed, feels like I'm missing half the game
Tillman got another force fumble!
EW I DONT WANT HER LICKING ME
NEVER. I will die with my phone and have it buried next to me in it's own little coffin.
voice* QUICK TIME
I'm right here!
Omw to school bumping that
Is this love?
"afraid to get nair in your shampoo again?" wow hahahahahahaha
Always getting the urge to dance salsa when there's no one around to dance with.
Glad to have the Founder of the Northwest Chapter of Keiretsu Forum on the advisory board! Thanks Todd!
Welcome to the machine
Sounds like the perfect Sunday to us! Did you have fun?
I am looking forward to the release of the Rock Dog Revolution cd!
hey, you wanna partake in ?? we're looking for tap dancers!
Dr. Hrabowski, the president of UMBC.
partying and working same old <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Definitely want to visit it one more time before leaving MN!
Feeling some better. Not quite 100% yet, but I'll see you tomorrow. Glad you & Shata had the movie tix to good use!
you should visit his house in Prague…if you lived in that closet you could write like him too!
During the All-Star game when Kane turned into "SuperKane"!! Dominating the breakaway challenge.
Tonight #Infected <3
Q. Why don't Canadians have group sex? A. Too many thank-you letters to write afterwards.
Thanks Sarah! Nice to meet you in Ottawa | RT : Great presentation - welcome to Canada eh!
I literally just want to runaway and never come back.
Too lazy to get up. Fml
He was a television entrepreneur in Boston in the 1930s--we have one of his TVs
at long beach laying down on a sofa with a laptop....end of story
#20ThingsAboutMe 15) I think Dale Jr . is sexy(:
ID eat it... I would make the best oral sex to ur body~ muah #Besos 69
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.” -- Bill Copeland
Lincoln HID can be considered as the brightest idea for making driving more comfortable
Ha! when the video comes out your break is O-V-E-R OVER!
But pops will be here in the morn so bout to call it a nite
o u better smash dat
Macho is at moms tonight. She prob cooked for him and he is asleep in a huge bed while I'm the one having separation anxiety.
We told this little girl that we named the dog at Petland Yolo. Oh my God lmfao.
she sucks bro
First 500 attendees each day will receive "Goodie Bags" full of coupons, give a ways, IPODs and more. Visit www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Go get 'em this week at The Masters!
I've come to the conclusion that listening to a book is much more interesting than reading it. Plus it's much faster!
so he got mad? .. dude he's overprotective !!! :/
Fckk Muve Music for not having Sweet Love on there
noo lexii . Im not idc about that situation . I dont even know tbh . If im ugly them im ugly . Or nasty
Yeah, it definitely is lol
In order to be the best, you have to know your breaking point - go to the edge of it, but never go beyond. ~ Rebecca Twig
Going up to Attica.
NYE is finally here!
u totally forgot about me :((
Nice! RT : Finished a wet & windy 5k race this morning in 29min flat. The charity run is a great addition to #coopthink this year!
RT : Pixel-topia! This video from Washington Project for the Arts Experimental Media Series is amazing.
Earn your career in nursing, psychology or science/math and live within your own agendas by enrolling in online college programs
I thoroughly enjoyed that.
i'm a work in progress ;)
when people constantly divert their attention elsewhere government continues to do what they're doing, like they have for ages
goodnight oh everybody go follow this beautiful girl
eats blue waffles on the daily with a side crusty lips. Secretions
Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! MENGS
i will follow him for his birthday if u follow me for my birthday (july 24!)
excited for lunch tomorrow!
said that id rather "mute" you than unfollow so you can keep ya follow.... lol she's right though...
cough it should be me cough cough lol wut? :D
is it really that much better tho.
I hear you guys got a ton of it!
DanceBlue was definitely a success.
He don't know what he talking about.
NEW MEXICO TOMORROW WITH , , an my girl !
Thank you for screening MY AMERICA at the meeting tonight!
Why thank you! It's the least we can do. :) Also - it's been too long! RT : I love a employment ad with a sense of humor!...
thx, we never made it, but will also plan earlier for next yr.
sent u a dm hopefully. New cell is acting weird.
Save yourself!
RT : having trouble synching my bank account for kickstarter amazon payment system, any recommendations | Kick for starters
Hopefully I get my tragus piercing tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT : Kudos to & , which just scored a cache of well-deserved
Still devastated about Faried, man.
Backstage Romance is rad. Go like them on facebook!
This week is going so slow!
I don't post, I don't email, I don't correspond in any way. I just report them to the hosting company.
It's coo tho. I could careless what anyone says about me.
They were adorable
I am in desperate need of inspiration.
what does this mean Donna?Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade
Current computer skills are key: starting with Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Join us tonight as DJ plays all the songs you like but can never remember the name of. Stay tuned for the
May Adam's service to the world be an influence and example to us all.
Rock n roll again in Berkeley!
Match day!
cool we'll when I'm chatting wit you off here
You got it!
Very excited at what the future will bring! Door is wide open for bigger and better things!!! You never know what is around the corner :-)
I'm beginning to feel like an expectant father. No really, I am very excited about how things are coming along with Ebuxing.com
No Sir, I want a Muppet government!! "Do you think the solution to Kony is the US invading Uganda, setting up a puppet govt"
lol already did it my gurl
Imagine how good McCoy would be right now if he was named starter 4 games ago.
u mean u had a convo with on what you like to tweet? *confused
Posting pics on fb Bs tats be weak af... & ppl be liking them
STEELERS BABY WHAAATTT!!!!!!!!
Yes, it was discussed that curiosity of this newfangled code thingy has a lot to do with it.
I am but i wanted to see if you would bring me something but never mind i guess I'm not important enough too you LOL :)
Don't starve to lose weight! You won't get enough nutrients and your body slows its metabolism to hold onto precious calories.
There will be no landscape photography in #Loudoun today. Water falls from the sky and the wind blows from the south. Maybe another day...
How many seasons are there? Hah. I've seen quite a bit of episodes, but I haven't seen the show in forever.
Who got the Studio on deck?? Get @ me!! I got sum ish on my mind..
Trick or treat, trick or treat, give me something good to eat
hahahahahahahaha whose pitching for us??????
#WhenWillYou just be a real person
Wisconsin and Marquette both play Thursday. Looks like I'll be watching basketball all day. I mean, I was going to anyway, but still...
very nice song!
Relationship > Distance
How is my CCW training different? I don't just teach what you need to get a concealed license, I teach what you need to know to stay alive!
As Mayor, please loosen the liquor laws.
Graduating senior looking to learn about the craft of PR.
You know it's a bad lunch day when you are excited that you packed a cheese stick.
#dhtrial if nic rejected offer with an 8 to 4 jury lock she is a blonde of steel. Gotta give her credit. Possibility of a retrial is real.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! We're thankful for you. :)
bastards didn't even buy me a martini! Pfffffffft
thanks. Will do!
were gonna handle;) ill hit you up tomorrow kk
No clue! I'm hoping they do! * <-- a snowflake
I'm geeking out so much over Pottermore. I'm a Ravenclaw!
More like John Lacking!
Love you.
. Thanks! I uploaded the Hidden Picture Books just to see how it would work on my
stop tweeting every 20s about ur elbow punk;)
76ers won now it's #flyers turners go boys
I'm listening to a little Drake myself :)
I take it all back.
thanks, Larry. Hope you made it home safely.
Proof that TK is a closet NOW fan
I know what you're saying lol I really don't have too much of a problem with most of the modern music
#AintNothingLike hugging someone you care about, and they squeeze you harder and longer.
I hope it's just all in our heads ;). Id like to have a non-acidic stomach again. Good luck! We can cheer each other on!
After chatting with Rebecca of last night, and today's news, I have realised that is basically *everywhere* ;-)
lol, does it make you better?
Thanks Erin!! RT : #nowplaying "Sleep On This" by Such a great song!
pork fries and clam chowder! Yum!
Seis De Mayo is special to me too. Let's go get tanked on Jose Cuervo and salsa.
Definitely get the book! You may never be the same...
Pilot killed in Lexington plane crash was on his way to furniture market
ha! "Hold out hope you should not, tired your arms shall be"...lol
Brady: Urban renewal should NOT be an economic development tool
I'll mention to the chef on your behalf. ;) RT : This weather demands the return of the watermelon pizza!
Reverb = Modesty..Auto Tune =Dishonesty..Please stop lying to me through your microphone. <3 bri
Congratulations to joining the great Copyblogger gang - wonderful news!
He still has it because he's admin on my HCRFS FB Page still!
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
you guys kick some serious ass, just FYI
Dumb bitch in the car in front me holding up traffic, oblivious to the world ...
Come pick me up in the a.m?
i'm almost there. so close to those auditions. there almost here. there almost here
it's time to count sheep! Lol I'm out...
Bridal Shower time :*
guys who talk to you first
Too much shit to do today, but gotta get shit straight with
watching E3 with jen.
your customer service dept is the BEST, Thank you.
Finally finished this paper and powerpoint!
Hey ! Any fun lighting tips for our followers to make their house feel fresh for spring?
Listening to
you should make my sister's Christmas wish come true and follow her please
Thanks. Recommend send your story if you havent done so. He blogs vegan testimonials. They are inspiring and awesome to read
so what time?
my random question for you.. what is your favorite book??
Where's our next great baker?!
Amazon should really build tunnels underneath all of their buildings. Driving in SLU during lunch time is a disaster!
Nd now making so many others dream come true i hope u had an amazing birthday!! Pls follow me tht would make this a reality<U+E32D>
Remember the new OT rules. If we get there of course.
we have them anyways...
Ate here yesterday, now just meeting a friend. Still, deeply contemplating a plate of mahi tacos. (@ Sharky's Mexican Grill - Cahuenga)
a guess what
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
#BieberGivesTheBestBlowjobs <<<<<<<THIS rofl
SUP SUP JEFF ENG!
I got new iPhone, it is cool.
S/O to the girls who are half naked in their twitcon!
A wise german man once said: "Life isn't all about happiness."
Thought for the Day "My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward." David Thomas
In a dining room- draw focus on the table with a chandelier or pendant. Use indirect lights, such as sconces, for dim corners.
we could have had a #SF road trip, especially since I've NEVER been there! Worst.Californian.Ever.
Going to the dells for mother's day with mom. I hate pools but I need to get away for a while :(
It hurts :(
Lucky I wanted too see it! :(
garbage in, garbage out
My headache is really really bad! its at the point I feel like crawling up in a ball on the floor or banging my head against a wall :(
I for one, support striking employees of Paris' Crazy Horse.
Thanks for the RTs and listings!
sweet :) RT : Yep.. I used to do that back then.. in the "old" days.. hahaha
you ain't lying. Lol Michigan has no summers nor beaches! :-0
IL #families to get extra support due to $19m in grants for home-visiting programs. Read bit.ly/pfFJ7e
Follow bACK (:
"I think we should just be friends" is the worst thing to say to your own kid.
Well Spring may TECHNICALLY be a week away, but it appears to have rolled on to The Avenue a little early, come get a burger and a drink!
When I sing in the shower, I sound really good. Then I turn the water off....<U+E40D><U+E404><U+E30A>
Hi Rev. Jeff, I hadn't seen that thank you!
Wish I could! Heading to MN at noon. Missed you last night, !
Very True!
Pour some (shampoo) out for
Holy cow! 5000 kindle downloads at the Seattle Public Library in the past week.
precise wants to call into your radio show please tweet me your request line number thank you.
WHERES THE PARTY #MAY27th??? ---->>>>>>>>> ITS AT THE #AYVAcenter.... for yall women that love to #twerk .
Oh, I'm changing my name to Charity Monday. I needed to add a little white trash to my life. I'll expect my check Tuesday.
“: Trying to talk out of a Tinkerbell tattoo” Bahahagahaha yes please do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thanks so much, Noah. Same to you<U+2665> I hope your day is going beautifully:)
To say the Badger hoops team's play this season has been wildly inconsistent would be understatement of the year. HUGE road win today boys!
O never thought about having no-longer-living fake aunts. Huh. *contemplative* I need to see more Ava Gardner movies!
Reflecting on Tiller's memorial service in D.C. today -- we need to share our outrage.
I want a new droid
people get excited about overhead storage space.
What you are witnessing is the power of the noise of Lakers Nation.
Hi tweeps, been hiding out for a while...I'm back
Somehow I have a Google+ account, and all the people it recommends for me are the ones who have sent me misaddressed email over the years.
We applaud efforts to help #Foster_Parents protect their families from risk. Berry Family Child Care Network
My 3 year old grandson has been sticking to me like glue for the last week. I love the little tiger, but I need some space.. Yelling now.
Special thanks to the true indie brand supporters out there that do blog & spread the word
is visiting us this week! Beware of #DC weather, you never know if you need a winter coat or flip flops!
Saturday or Sunday!
it sure isn't
back to work after 2 weeks off - 1600+ items in my Inbox (rolls up sleeves)
thats no fun
French Laundry is always nice. Bring sacks of cash.
Making all these crafts for my little girl's party is inspiring me to try new things
sorry it's gate C28!
Needa dye my hair like ASAP
Top 5 mega trends after group voting.
Yeah, I hate when punts get blocked, too. RT I hate it when people are deliberately obtuse.
I believe you.
RT : There are a lot of ppl on laptops in here. Do you ever get tempted to stand up and yell #NANOWRIMO in a crowded coffee shop?
Smoking after getting a tooth extraction causes air pocketts that are very painfull. WHY DID I SMOKE
We're happy to support!
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7-Eleven! Starts at 10:00 am. Raffle prizes include:Bike,Monster Car,Juke Box & more!
Not that you care, but I'm about to take IE9 out for a test drive.
Ratatat, writing and studying the history of rock and roll. I'd say this makes for a pretty good night, though its going to be a late one.
I thought 'I am morman' ads were dumb -- just saw a "1 in 4 is aethiest find out why" ad. Now im confused as to which i find more idiotic
#gcyale : Social practices (e.g. Anon) are forming worldwide that resist abuse of these terms to overcome free expression
So glad to hear you enjoyed my book. I really appreciate you spreading the word about.
Parking issues in HTX? Never! “: #bisnow Seeing office tenants putting more people in less space, resulting in parking issues.”
Support your local musicians!
Oh a little bit of everything. Life good for you?
I think this is a fabulous idea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
your fans love 2 watch & listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch & listen 2 ur own stuff
Jacob... I move back in 20 days
New PayPal will consolidate all yur credit,debit,& gift cards,& recognize coupons.Physical cards & coupons are becoming a thing of the past.
FOLLOW US AND WE FOLLOWING BACK!!!! NOT JUST A MOVEMENTBUT A LIFESTYLE!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA!!!! RT!!!!! RT!!!!!! RT!!!!!!!!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 14
haha best video ever.. I wish my grandma was that cool
Ozzie Guillen press conference live!!!!! Let's go Ozzie!!!!!
If you can't decide on having a panini or a salad for lunch...don't have either. Order a Big Glass of wine. Always works for me....
Yup just hit a walk off home run
Hey, just discovered 8BitSeattle! Thanks to you and to Brett for putting us on the map!
Can't wait to see your #MothersDay tweet. I know its going to be FIRE.
#Education Group and #City Council Group Meetings today at 3:30pm, #Chamblins. #GA at 4pm. Hope you can make it.
is coming and it's not and they hurt like hell
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
loved it
SB 364 Part Deux Kehoe and Senate Pro Tem meet with Yee, the author to determine fate big biz appears more on board
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
At shop!!! Big day.
no, no, no... Another weapon for Aaron Rodgers!! Dd is gettin old,Welker fills the void!!
If the world was drama free..
that's what we're hearing from everybody as well. Which one is your favorite character?
Habby Birthday HAve A GRAND One :D <3
Whew. Rondo looks okay.
I'm in love with Kerry Washington.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Headed to bed with my love
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo? Hit "like" if you are.
ah thanks!!
So.. I can mute ppl now lol..†
all the fb people who are posting pics with their moms
We are looking for graphic design help for our Go Red For Women collateral. Want to make a difference? Call Kim: 503-595-2573. Thanks!
Crazy Mary gig TONIGHT 11/11 at Trash Bar 256 Grand st., Brooklyn
That's true. Helps to know where to go.
Arroyo pitching a lot of balls. But due to chain of evidence, they are being called strikes.
We are actually not open on weekends yet, can you make hacknight on wednesday night?
We are looking for "sideshow"/"freakshow" entertainers/groups to perform. Please send them my way! (Please RT!)
in houston?
Fuck society's idea of beauty.! Your beautiful in EVERY SINGLE WAY!<3
We hope our mom had a fun Mother's Day! We wish we were home in Indiana to spend it with her.
What is your Funniest #Poker #Story ok lets here Em.....
what ya rehearsing?
Everything happens for a reason<3
#ff the dude from The Cars
Either you're, single or in a Relationship, there is no in between
Genius RT : mix in some vodka and I bet it would taste like heaven.
Best wishes to friends presenting & performing & interviewing at
RIP Junior Seau - our thoughts are with your family and friends right now. You will be remembered and missed.
we'll be on soon. I know you love Storm Team snow coverage.
woot it's getting close I'll have to post a picture of my outfit so you can see you'll definitely be able to spot me. Lol
Luby's for dinner tonight. Twenty years later and it still kicks a$$!
DWF Offices will be closed today (11/23) through Friday (11/25) for the Thanksgiving holiday, we'll see you back on Monday!
RT : #dogoodsummit = the pursuit of profit + purpose. It CAN be done. It SHOULD be done.
hey Toledo your tweet to your daughter inspired me to send the same to mine. I thought you should know that
however, if anything gets to me along the way, I'll try to sell the tickets and get regular ones.............
“: What did y'all think of Steven Tyler? Thought it was pretty cool.” it was terrible! Were we listening to the same thing?
So much alcohol will be consumed in 9 days. I love my friends.
hmm, should probably tweet something. How about some upcoming iSchool events?
Kendall? She's a senior?! One of my first team kids at AGA! ;)
thank you!
Thank you for your input kind sir, as ignorant as it may be. Have a great weekend!
we miss you Greg!
idk it's pretty hot
I tried so hard and got so far but in the end it doesn't even matter... #Linkin Park
he's a free agent buddy we need him!!!
is their a discount for 2-hour shuttle rides from airport to hotel?
but of course! hope to meet you in real time some day
We're busy getting ready for 's workshop! :)
Re: bball and fball coaches w/ top ten active career win %, what about Ohio St. (Thad Matta and Urban Meyer)?
Good afternoon.twitter first time in a while that i.got some.much needed sleep today should be a good day
Official Celebrity<U+2714> Offical Twitter<U+2714>
So if we were to go on tour this year, what cities should we try and hit?
training?!? as in basic?
A1. I don't drink, so I don't really do that... Let's go with L'Chaim. Everyone loves that ch sound.
just no. he's not some musician for 12 year old fangirls
(AP) -- Person familiar with decision: New York Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni has resigned
Kegel, Gesser and Lincoln???? The star studded cast for Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank continues to grow!
that's right! U tell 'em, pink panther flakes!!! :-)
Convos outside of SM can help- told some active indiv how valued they are & now they're ambassadors
hit me up if you need a bassist. currently in LA
Children’s early development depends on their parents’ well-being and life skills, particularly interaction and reflection.
": S/o 2 for the follow" back at u hun )
a bit
Good song.
that is brilliant!!! i want more!
Good essay about #Amy Winehouse
DERBY DAY NERVES!
I think i am going to go shower then play some bf3.
also whn ppl say: "when u meet the right one, u will change your mind on having kids" ugh, I have gotten that SEVERAL times...
Watching the
Steakhouse then to sinix for BGCZ
uh huh
Highs in the 70s inland, 70 City, 60s coast today. Sprinkle tomorrow, cooler, highs near 60. Warmest Wed. & Thu... temps in the 70s.
Off to go find a tasty treat in the city of DC;-)
Tony Rishell wants in too. Just moved back to Mi. Already attended an event at Skybar
Do you realize we're going to get married and steal all the social security and be rich while everyone else works till 98 yrs old.
I like.
"When you know yourself you are empowered. When you accept yourself you are invincible." ~ Lifford via Teal Butterflies
I'm pretty lame with updating this Twitter, but I promise I'm better at FYEAHFAREWELLFIGHTER.TUMBLR.COM!!
CNet seems to be down, but DFEOJM says it's up. I can't ping it either.
there is nothing to watch on TV -_-'
I cant wait till your new merch is out soo i can buy it (:
Nigga Ross said 1.5 for the transport. This nigga I swear.. He comes at niggas heads on every track..
at rehearsal. ive been sittin here for almost 2 hours. 1 more hour to go. :/ thats what I get for being in stage crew & not the actual play.
Lakers Are Old News! Time To Get Off The Throne!
Just downloaded the new app. Looking forward to the event next Saturday.
U look like ur havin fun who is the dude with the mustache?? hes all like :D lolz
From Capitol command center: No change on allowing protesters to spend the night tonight, Elise Schaffer says.
CHOO CHOO! Good morning! Wake up! It's #NationalTrainDay, friends. All aboard for
“: YAH I HAD A BABY BUT IM STILL CRAZY!!! - Natalie!!!! #snldigitalshort BRILLIANT!”
Being in school tired af <
Well best of luck in your new venture then! :)
What an awesome fuggin night.
Meeting...meetings....meetings....
Got any good stories from Jingle Jam last night?? We wanna know! Text 69822 or call 222-9800
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his job depends on not understanding it. Upton Sinclair (1878 - 1968)
Know your place
knockin beats out for you today lol let me know when ur free!
lol i buy any with AP but i always play Ryze xD did you see the sale going on? xD
Also got g here learning some stuff to be next grad assistant 4 the rams...if he doesn't get hired they aren't so "Smart"
Really paying for that lack-luster 1st quarter.
way too young to be getting married IMO
#StayAwayFromMeIf you are not loyal cant have no judice ass people around me
So I was listening to the new ti and lil Wayne and Wayne bets ti in everything
So happy for Modern Family cast, one of my favorites! Steve Carrell definitely should've taken best male lead though!
it will be a platform. Similar to those CMS you mention for adding content. Yet a lot more simpler, and not as robust.
But still, thanks for the press. Those kids are FANTASTIC and deserve more good press like this.
Great info from and today in #JOUR4953 about campaign issues!
Washed Out next week at the black cat. Tickets were $15. :-( I didn't know he was coming. :-( so sad.
Hey everyone! Our tunes are up for listening! W.facebook.com/cowboysnindians give us feedback!
yeah i hate studying for her tests
“ I'll be VERY happy when brings his a$$ back to wrk!! Lol!!”| bahaha I got you covered.
School is already crampin' my social life <U+26F5>
sweet! Thanks for the idea!
are u going to change the DLC playlist on TDM KC DOM u are forcing us to play modes we all don't play? Pls let us know...
Happy Mothers day Mum, thanks for everything...
Why do I throw away so much of what I later need and keep so much of what I don't?
Eli Lilly has a plethora of opportunities ranging from sales to physicians. Stop by their booth to find out more!
Amazing reading the kind words about MCA from every corner of the artistic world.
COULD I GET AT LEAST 50 PEOPLE TO GET FREE NIKE AIR YEEZYS OF YOUR CHOICE BY NEXTWEEK! JUST REFER 25 BUYERS SIGN-UP @
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow!!
The worst thing someone can do is it pin something and NOT include where it came from or how to make it.
#milwaukee We repriced our retail $ for rock salt!! We are repricing the entire store actually- stay tuned for a BIG CELEBRATION!!! :)
Jet Ski Bash June 23rd Stay Tuned for Details
Thanks a ton lady darling it's actually May 22! Will you be there?!
Y won't this gout go away! This sucks
MISS YOU GUYS!
“: Training is underway at the 2012 Women's JO National Championships in Hampton, VA. Competition begins tomorrow.”
Chilling! Mad bored!
Wow! You look just like your dad!
Go to bed!
If you're jealous of him being/talking with other girls, you know you really care for him...
It's been a great day at the Eiteljorg Museum! Super excited to celebrate at the Contemporary Arts Party!
you should take me out
"Sweet Soul Sister" is an excellent Cult tune.
People are awesome. I'm going to make a YouTube video about how to watch campaign ads before this election.
or if of a lazier demeaner, take a brewery bus tour with us!
In 1860s-70s Republican-controlled state legislatures lifted bans bc believed in equality b4 the law, incl'g Ala., TX, Wash. Terr.
i get love from new york to california
Seattle winter weather thriller, Chapter Two: The Ice Storm.
Tonight ... The moon will shine at its fullest and brightest in this year #Amazing <3
Eric Reda: Artistic Pariah.
I hate myself for loving you.
Thanks for tweeting!
Just ran into my fabulous ex-colleague and friend downtown. What a lovely Friday afternoon treat _that_ was!
I assume you caught Hamilton's HR? Glad you saw him go yard. I have you in for a live hit at 5:20. Feel free to use "go yard".
yessir...cant complain on a 60 degree day in Feb i guess
Did you just congratulate me for reading?
Sure, you got it. And this is only the start. RT Thanks for the Tebow tweets!
thank you, love spending time with the kids! They are having a blast!
Baseball game vs tommorow oh ya ;)
Tyson's punch was wasted on that talentless hack, lol.
Is he actually a homosexual or.
LOL their first 3 (and probably their only 3) games :)
Come on, David.
But I've never been one to kiss and tel #rascal<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It's fun talking movies with Lil Ninja. He recognized Jeremy Renner in Avengers from Mission Impossible. My mini film geek.
I did trust you. I told you. Everything. That was hard. I never told anyone exactly everything. But I told you..and we did stuff.
how often do you play racquetball with your friend? let us know if you need tips or advice.
Happy memorial day!
Friday is my 14th birthday!!!!!!!!! I can't freakin' wait!!!!
Hello ulcer my old friend . ... =(
you still in Chicago?
Yeah rehearsal went great. I'm excited to get to filming
i remember u too lol :)
I took a nap! It was heavenly and something I haven't done in a very long time. How about you???
Lovingg the New Song Moves Like Jagger By !! I can't get it out of my head:)
Listening to freshmen and sophomores evaluate the year and our use of technology. Very interesting!
RT : God's first language is Silence. Everything else is a translation. -Thomas Keating
has the best swag.
it was great! Thanks for askin :)
working tonight dont feel like it!
I moved into a group house in college; one of my housemates was pretty cute; 6 years later I call that same cute boy "fiancé"
caught up in the madness I see
RT pop up shop was crazy... good time chillin with and mike tony from design
taking notes on presenters slides with PDF Creator on TabletPC while participating on iMac
Boy u look like u in pain on dat Avi lol
The 70's looks like a great time. I would have been a disco queen
I do!
stop smoking cigarettes! You're too beautiful for that shit yosh
Well I guess Finley has scored 3 now, but the question still stands, haha.
MY NAMES TYSON!! but im a girl
Thanks man, we actually are gonna edit together a little video medley after Summerfest. And yeah, we're PUMPED to play with them
haha its ok sweetie!! [: i didnt find it stalkerish <U+2665>
You sure do know how to make me mad .
Thanks Erik, I will tell Tiger you say hello.
Happy Valentines day!! Who has special plans?
I know oomf is doing damage control right now lol
WHY DO PEOPLE ASK ME OUT ON FACEBOOK?
The guys sitting next to me at the bar are having an earlobe-stretching contest...???
damn that's my birthday bro! Lol I don't think I can man thanks though
happy st. patrick's day.
I have no idea what Henrik was thinking about with that last goal...
Great to meet you last night Stephanie.
I have a feeling that is going to be the inspiration for my thesis project next semester. Kind of excited about it, tbh!
Ugh, its like I'm in labor all over again but I'm not even pregnant!
RT : Q2: What do u wish u had known b4 that u know now about running a biz while raising a family? (pls rt)
packers > homework
Welcome to ICTC!! :)
Best combo ever: #Twitter and
"Long term success is the result of small victories we accumulate every day." -- Rick Pitino
putting one in the air 4 my Boy Blaylock in 3..2..1 blastoff ..ignition we have lift off only the best rocket fiel YEA!
I seem to butt-tweet.
Hoes always get beside themselves when they think they are doing something!
is gearing up for another fun filled weekend! Contact us for your next special event! (405)447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
FT: May not do entire building tour on first day next time. It could be overwhelming
no more :P
Good to know. :)
YES! BREATHE
#CentralFL, how did your family celebrate #MothersDay?
The peacock looking dress?
yes! I am out with lauren rt nowm
why is the redline so hot? I want to die
yes all 600k people who voted for him today live in Waukesha.
although, what's with general public loving to wreck shots if they see an unguarded camera? You've heard it all I'm sure!
Worth noting: in Burlingame, California, they have people at bars who randomly yell out catch phrases from Storage Wars.
Hm....if the Heat don't win a title I think Orlando's GM should be on the phone tryna trade Dwight for Bron or Dwade.
I was there for you. Remember that.
That game turned into a nail biter, but the win makes being cold and in Maryland totally worth it.
Made a LinkedIn account in hopes for recruitment!
Lionel Richie #Easy Like Sunday Morning
My dad thought it was funny to hang a chucky doll on my door...fuckkk that!!
Congratulations to Christian Kramme! He books a print job which will land him on the cover of a new book!
Mmmyyes. I concur. :]
with every bit of me my man. I believe. But I'm terrified and frustrated.
its gonna happen in 25 minutes
Plenty of seats still available for the U of L-Davidson game.
Hows the tanning going ? Im jealous
Trying to explain to someone who knows nothing about grown men and their hip-hop toys is grounds for dumb stares.
Ariana is so sweet to attend her friend's graduation during her tight schedule. Ari doesn't let fame get in the way of the people she loves<U+2665>
thanks it's a real great spot. Making lots of hits
Milwaukee, your clouds are really screwing up my super moon festivities--namely looking at it and saying "Well I guess it looks bigger."
If Charles Barkely was my college professor, I would probably fail his class.
Brazil is where I wanna live and I will live there
with wedding planning done, on to mom's bday and Sam's 30th in 3 weeks. I love planning things!
haha!! Yep! Should be anyway. Lol
They like who I am but is in love with the person I have potential to be..
what up with your icon? I like it!
Pennies and dimes for a kiss
What would I do without my best friends ?!
I would hate to have the thunder or the heat defend my team
Sorry, no hints yet just keep watching our twitter and LiveNation.com for info!
you will be new Light Heavyweight UFC Champs!!!! :-)
i know how you feel nick<3333
Yeah, a photo via Flickr that they probably didn't get permission or pay to use.
basically the best show ever
What's that RT I learned a BIG lesson today
its amazing how many peoples bios involve: i love music. i love food.
I graduated in 1967 with dbl major in psych & English. It has served me well.
Bring me some :> RT : Chicken wings & fries plus oranage soda
good luck! Thinking of you!
if you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
Hey Mac! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
They arrested someone and now the protesters are frenzied.
These new discoveries and inventions have been, in many ways.
Lets address this: there are Digital natives - kids who have grown up with technology- and the between adults who teach them.
omg well that picture! Look at his twitter it's tylershamy
why is it not an option?! Chuck and Lynnard did it!
squats can cure that.
I got a bad bitch! Yea that bitch right! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Snap the bitch in half.
#Christ is the answer.. #Forgiveness is the #key and #Love unlocks many doors.
Congrats on going vegan. A friend did it a few mos ago & he's happier/healthier than ever.
Summerville, NC. Anyone heard of it?
Congratulations to Forsyth Medical Center on the new Maya Angelou Center for Women's Health and Wellnes. Great for the community.
Looks like I'm watching Harry Potter all night.
I'm not kidding. Either way I am, tonight.
Awww, thank you :)
Wishing I was in Phoenix, AZ where it's a balmy 93 degrees.
they aren't even keeping a hand on him in the video - letting him walk around cycle - cops are way too laid back, I'd say.
Why was Mark Zuckerberg a no-show at today's Facebook pitch to Boston investors?
Don't know HOW we missed your shout out! THANKS SO MUCH! we hope you enjoyed it :)
Is it football season yet? ;-/
Hope you had a wonderful visit!
I decided to do homework at the library because it's quiet. But the guy sitting right in front of me is wheezing incredibly loud. D:
No doubt.
Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results. -Brian Tracy
Hello world
why?? Lol jk okay“: text me”
i never under stood y i cant drink milk
HEy guys anyone read tweet well if u didnt read this go to hoods circle soon to get lemonade for a animal shelter
Most Relationships are like garage sales: At a distance it looks like it could be interesting...up close it's just a ton shit you don't ...
Went over to Southpoint to warm up for tomorrow, and ended up chopping their nightly tourney HU for five hundy. Just what I needed tbh.
Do you know what you want to achieve in life? Certain in your goals?
Shout out to the fam FREEWORLDMUZIC
#MyCelebCrushIs five boys from U.K.....ONE DIRECTION <3333333333333333333333
know you'd do the same for me bro :)
DEAD MAN WALKS
IEP success book available
Guess who want it
"Chase shareholders back Dimon" #yahoonews Of course! To him, 2 bil is like bus fare! Where'd I put it again?
Anyone wanna go to taco bell...? Anyone? Anyone...
i'm gonna go search for gold
They could use actual footage from this World Series Game 6 in the next Buffalo Wild Wings commercial.
Watching (the losers)
"The Last Cigarette Ever" episode of HIMYM is, uh, my FUCKING LIFE.
Mmmmwahahahaha ;-) RT : and I wish you the best as well.
and you're also going to follow me, right ? xo
The last day is always such a
to visit???
see you at both!
Pop quiz: What is virtual memory? Best answer gets a prize...
haha not yet at my next spot yessir believe
Just bought #TheLastWaltz by #TheBand on DVD. I'll watch it many times this week. Doing my part to honor the memory of Levon Helm.
Oh your starting roomers?
I'm going to push a new trend to stay home is when the kids are all moved out! imagine time and money at the same time.
waiting for tone to get donee.
your mom knows and likes me... you could have asked.
Just saw "The Fourth Kind" and it scared the crap out of me!
are free falling, someone please get them a parachute!
Thanks for the RT.
I was only trying to be nice! Dododo. #singerprobz :')<U+E03C>
Lover, can you propose under the sea in a yellow submarine?
Lets make it happen. RT : thanks for the follow.. Hope to work with you soon!
sounds like the best plan. Enjoy!
Following trends trying to be like the next nigga
"I know it so well.. I know the Hustle so well." No you don't..
Studio time with
is it wrong to add a wireless printer to our baby registry? or a ipod dock? or a flat screen tv? #babykendall will use those eventually
thanks mentioning me...I really appreciate it!
Shatter every window till it's all blown away.
Tweet tweet
What if someone like you found someone like me. Then suddenly nothing would ever be the same.
Panelist for Good Growth warns for you to ".. be [FINANCIALLY] 'prepared' for the Long Haul".
Alan Watts~ Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel for love is not ours to command.
We'll be in Los Angeles twice this month, and Las Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend. Who else is joining us in the sunny cities?
Thanks! It's so rude, they could just say ' that's so lame' or something else!
RT Today's Association Chat topic is Content Strategy at 2 pm ET! Join in the fun!
Highly technical, scholarly presentations on new technologies begin in a week and some students haven't yet picked a topic. *sigh*
and it is about winning. The kid wants to go to Marquette. Beyond the game they play head to head, that's #1 UW recruiting rival.
“: How many of you guys picked up a copy of the record today?” I did! It rocks!
fantastic. Glad to hear it! Enjoy the game!
I'd worry about elem reading H G without an accompanying discussion. The ethical/societal issues are pretty intense.
Watching Signs for the first time, by myself... Goodnes i hope i dont regret this.
I hate being away when isn't in a great mood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>! don't worry I'll be back home soon!
good do you miss wowp?
From now until October, BAM is featuring photography from Clyde Butcher and Ray Baldino. Also, stop in to preview the upcoming exhibitions!
Think I'll lay here on the sofa and smile.
that is very helpful. Thanks talking hop bud!
Don't care what I look like,
they're just taking up voter id, as I understand it. Alec into so much more...
Been up all night at work, but couldn't go to sleep till I finished Mass Effect 2, pretty epic game.
work it!!
very true... I have quite narrowed it down yet... I'm really interested in travel, international affairs, and advertising.
Chelsea win by playing Palmetto Soccer
Nice slides of intriguing NOAA work with dataviz & interaction in virtual worlds
he was, but still had the confidence to take(and make) the game winner. Everyone isn't built like that
I so hope that, that someday comes fast! :) Do you have anything in common with him?
Must get on with things before it gets too late! Oh yeah, & I still have not had supper yet. What the heck?
Big things p0pin!!!
. This will be my 5th trip to Lambeau; son has been there dozens of times, a fan since he was 6 years old
Got my eyebrows threaded before work today... Lady asked me why my hair was so thick and curly. I say God must like me
can i have a new phone now or what?
life and happiness is what it's all about!!
Did you start the year off right, with some DeAngelis donuts and coffee?
I wanna bag you like some groceries
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply?? Please? :{))
$ha said she is going to make 2nd offical account! Yay! Follow her
Hey man y do some girls gotta be so dayum ffaakkee
I wish!!!! Things like that require a little more prep time for me though.. Eloping in your future? ;)
I guess i just dont get it. Another lonely holiday...
<U+200E> Hey look, it's a double rainbow ...I'm pretty sure that means you're double gay.
Guys putting Saran wrap on the toilet only works for girls
ohh oops forgot about it...
Newyork apartment rentals & Newyork apartments for rent Search thousands of apartments with the apartment-advisor.com apartment listings.
If you are too concerned about money or fame then how can you be a true artist? Delve deeper into the art & have INTERGRITY instead.
Heda Rose on stage in DC burning it up with Jill Scott's/Raheem Devaughn Band live. Wicked!!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Today is feast day of st mark the evangelist. Will be visiting his church in Venice in less than 3 weeks. Cheering up
d rose isn't playing
Thank you for all that you do for !
Hangin out with daughter and her friend @ "taste of Alpharetta". Its poppin!
->insert funny, witty, or smart ass comment here<-
Cleaning. All day.
THANK YOU.
hello hun check out my blog 4 a free preview of my book hope u enjoy it and get ur copy x
Today 1916: In anticipation of Prohibition, Pabst introduces its first non-alcoholic near-beer: Pablo.
We hope the weather stays clear tomorrow. If not, more time to organize the shop! We will be working rain or shine!!
If we run away, run away, now we won't ever look back.
TOMORROW @ 5! Poet Louise Gluck: reading and discussion in rm 421 affiliated with the Emma Lazarus Exhibit on display in lobby
I can't believe they didn't tell you! I'll have to keep you in the loop next time :] Shes very sweet! She might come to ATL
no love for the #Clippers, but no hate either. Glad to see them more competitive. They need to #DeportSterling though.
#wssmiami "Use the gift giving technique to have your message go viral." Annette Gray
exactly. I'd much rather spend my time doing things than tracking how long I've been doing things.
Derek Landri definitely worth bringing back for another year. See if last season was aberration. PFF had him as 4th most effective DT.
Remodeled clinic eases ordeal of chemotherapy
Ready to go hoop
Nobody wants to take blame for a bad sex session so the right thing to do is bring your A game (both parties)
Seriously, where's the regular season Blues, or the first round blues?
logo quiz will be the death of me.
pain is temporary, pride is forever. Tattooed on my side
I shoulda ate more broccoli as a kid. My chest pubes are lacking hardcore. The old bastards are right for once
The difference between Trayvon Martin & Zimmerman is basically Trayvon had his hood on and Zimmerman didn't! #I'm just sayin'
Sometimes u gotta b thankful 4 the blessings!
Starting LOST.
yes, email it and we will try to have the address changed before it gets shipped out.
right?! but there's nothing wrong with a good laugh ;)
you're right. we accidentally sent that to everyone :( our apologies.
If you're tryna match hit me the fuck up
Odd that makes me go through iTunes to add local music. Would rather just skip over iTunes; barely need it.
LOL hope cameras didn't take pics of u with the sticker!:)
Emily wants me to find Prince Charming... wtf.
Thanks Carey!
how was the bachelorette last night? 76ers/celtics had my attention. were all the guys there for the right reasons?
I agree! I was worried about this as well!
Ready for some playoff football? We are! come join us today. Bloody Mary bar, food and drink specials all day.
It never snows in Williamsburg.
Almost 1000 followers!
I hate to be the one to remind you of this, but here goes: we lose an hour of sleep tonight thanks to Daylight Fucked-Up Time.
That's interesting. Functions as a benefit auction on behalf of artists and collectors.
so do you have an extra ticket for me!!
Time to talk social, mobile and local...
Nice to see at
Be safe tonight. Assign a designated driver. Remember moderation is the key!
The future isn't something we enter, the future is something we create. - Leonard Sweet
you got your own place?! How are you feeling?
#MaydayParadeJake ox you could meet anyone, dead or alive, who would it be?
some people have to learn,some people wait their turn,some people but not me.... I was born a champion!!!
My mom just texted me that my sweet 16 year old dog Copper died this morning. I feel like my heart just got ripped out.
Q. What do you call a witch who lives at the beach? A. A sand-witch.
I won 10 dollars on and instant ticket... lol
#Android issue 23365 (can't run ant test on projects with libraries) killed me so bad. Finally found the bug & workaround!
i fell last night dirty dancing....
You bet, looking forward to your tweets!
OT in FLA. Good luck Devs and Cats - I'm going to bed
Looking good, handsome!! :) miss you a lot!!!
Still not sure if the red eye was the best choice, but I'm home and somewhat recovered after a six hour "nap"
I am such a wallflower.
Crying baby one row back on my plane does not work !!!
Too many kids in in-school suspension, disproportionately black males.
I swear I just heard a little puppy yelp in my apartment.
say sorry!!!
Smaller arts grants awarded for PBS shows
but braces make everything better. just kidding. they rlly dont.
Tonight I learned what Whiz time is... It was funny.
These children learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast women and cheap drinks.
ally! I hope it is all over
We always wish Kim the very BEST :)!
Murray State is good...that PG one of best in country glad I picked them to win this one.
yeah your right x3 teehee kant stop looking at me beautifully gorgeous babe x3
Oh yea! I like how it feels!! Tonight we can fly!
Justin performed on stage with a broken leg and people still hated on him. sad sad people.
i've been up since 7. It's too early. I wanna be sleeping not on my way to a soccer game.
Chilly night with an official low at RIA of 22. Cold temperatures will persist today with highs in the upper 30's along with sunny skies.
Blackened chicken sandwich special for today!
out of a bowl, word, then I had like 90percent odds of winning, but didn't win, if u search ssgmusic u can see all the tweets
Yes, but I'm all for it.
Thanks! I was there, i didnt see her, but i did see Prince Harry
Im looking forward to the Pack Vs Rams game. I just moved to Missouri and im going to the game
U.S. Stocks mostly rose by late afternoon trade, with financial shares taking the lead as investors shrugged off Europe's election results.
Right back atcha! RT : , thank you for the good work that you do!
hey girl
Go buy a frozen turkey and take it to #Donuts for turkeys at
Seriously. He has one job.
1st has Mingo ever elected a female County Clerk? Second, were Diamond's allegations to pass the blame on to someone else?
you're preaching to the choir. I tweeted that link a dozen times.
where did u hear this?
liking early Seatle recomendations, Melvins and The Fastbacks especially, just pulled up Hype...I heard of it but never watched it
2 big guys up front inmiller and schwartz to go with thomas, alex, pinkston and lauvao was a smart move
It smells like the ocean in town today. My favorite!
Wow nice day in austin for flipping tires!
I usually take my tree down on January 1st. What about you guys? :-)
World premiere of Bryce Dessner's St. Carolyn by the Sea up next, inspired by Kerouac's Big Sur.
Being hungry and jet lagged past the point of exhaustion is a volatile combination. I better take a long nap today..
Just passed Running Times self-test for readiness for minimalist shoes. Whew!
if ur using Photoshop pick - psd
<~~~ is in love with the Wordpress app he discovered for his phone. It's the little things, yanno?
I wish I could! Sound like it's going to be a fun night!!
“Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.” <U+2015> George Carlin
I started my first job out of law school 31 years ago today
Why'd I do that? lol...
Thanks to New Girl, I keep calling Merlot the slut of the vineyard.
Moonpies #Talladega media center..totally shocked. Was expecting carrots and apples.
Wow. Just, wow...RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Judge Sets Bail at $150,000 for Shooter in Trayvon Martin Case
Cooking up a promotion for May that will blow your minds
Responded to FIRE @ 1253 Rogers Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 15 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I get jealous way too easily, but atleast it shows i care.
Is the best person ever!
Working On My Mixtape Might Perform Somewhere Pretty Soon-KaeSmoove
You'd think people would remember this little thing called religious freedom, and that we are a nation of all religions as well as atheists.
wait hold on but me and still have to make this trip to red lobster eventually.
solid spring break
Hello everyone! I'm new to this so give me a minute! :)
Bought some SINA call options today with the stock at 63.25. When the Facebook IPO comes next month, look for social media stocks like SIN…
Happy Cinco de Mayo to all of our followers!
We officially recognize all moms today. We humbly, gratefully, & w/much adoration thank them for what they do every other day. Thanks Mom!!
Why don't more women wear dresses like in the 1940's?
We are proud sponsors of a 5K Charity run/walk for ... run with us tomorrow! www.kickitforkenya.com
there is always next year, although you will be missed!
Facebook users can find us at ... facebook.com/Orangegroves
Ugh this is why I hate going to bed past 10 on a damn school day, I feel like they poured Benadryl in mg veins.
check out tom pepe's song cupatea and my first song to see if you like that for violin rap
I know! I logged on the other day and Poof! everything changed. Getting used to it though.
She's right too, at least there aren't any dead animals.
I hate you bro! Leo is going this Friday again :')
Just bought a fish from walmart. Named it Kanye. And, he's gay. Hopefully someone else besides me gets it..
Double woo!
Say girl, say, happy birthday
I dont have pix of them lol
See you there! #GetAmbushed RT : Excited for Saturday with
i just followed everyone on here on instagram
Four days until my Birthday!
I hate mrs dehont Uggh she is so annoying
Still in bed
Yes, I'm good. Thank you. I had to take a break. I might re-activate it one day.
What's done is done. Fuck it
heeyy, so you haven't noticed me like ever :/ & you missed my birthday like 2 months ago
#sportingkc lost today...let the overreaction and doomsday talk begin!
This is what makes twitter & Facebook a great marketing medium in this age of advertising and promoting your service or product
don't worry, it's not
Always a good time -- finish you're studying so we can go back for round 2
World Cup - Blatter concerned by Brazil delays
wait a minute.....this kids a douchebag!
My last tweet was in reference to my complicated friends with benefits relationship I've embarked on with my doorman
RT : Start sending your questions for the artists now!
Thought you would! If you've ever heard cicadas...analogy resonated.
#padres home opener!!!!!
I'm not masturbating but, I'm feeling myself.
we are til 8 if you stop by i'll give you one..#kop now owes me :)
Would anyone be willing to do Bar Louie? Our agency is doing HH there at 4. Let me know :)
Thank you so much to everyone that attended our event Thursday! It was an amazing turn out and we really appreciate it.
Definitely got the Bud light platinum randomly at CVS this morning w/o realizing its like their new vehicle product
Want to help 27 million slaves be freed? Download song 2day. Please do it now! Has moved from #62 to #50 in hour. We want 2 get to #1 2day!
Allways been a bad bitch never been a stupid bitch.
Really happy it holds up on multiple viewings!
Babe is sleeping over !
Moment of lightness in morning news: learning from on that Warren Buffett will sing in China's Spring Festival.
Who is tweeting?
The Vicious Red Relic, Love, by former punk frontwoman Anna Joy Springer, is making gorgeous waves throughout the literary world. Now work…
right now?
its like the toostie roll commercial now bc ill never knw
Happy Holidays from !
Just noticed was my 1,000th follow!
United airlines is completely inept...this "company" is ripe for disruption.
I grew up in New York City, Since I was born on Broadway, baby! Black Jesus † Amen Fashion ,, Celebrate Uh Uh Uh ,, Black Jesus x3 On The <U+2665>
My goodness bunch of weirdos
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. Mahatma Gandhi
Raise your hand if you hooked up at #ala10. No? You have 24 hours. THERE IS STILL TIME.
I felt Tyler Perry thru the T.V. that was deep
How's that gameface coming along? I am abt to begin calling bars to see if I can find a TV on which to watch this epic tilt.
Came in the game like speedy Gonzalez
No one ever gives me back what I give them
RT Work hard at what you love. Never give up. Let your results speak louder than the haters words. Repeat.
Da Bitches We Argue About Irrelavent. I Don't Even Remember I Prolly Was Hella Bent. .
I could reach in 2...from #17 tee.
“Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.” <U+2015> Niels Bohr
then come and eat off our SIMPLE & FIT menu at IHOP !
RT!!! Come Dance with me tonight 730pm!!!
Show this fri, 7/8 at Ye Old Town Inn in Mt Prospect. 8:30 with friends! Come get rocked! Shirts and CDs available.
Because they enjoy the irony? :)
wtf.have you been?
Tweaked elbow has left be doing mostly legs for 2 weeks...Feeling like the hulk is building up inside. I WANT TO MOVE SOMETHING HEAVY!!
Scream the things you could never say.
oh yea man watsup...u gotta get a pic on your twitter bro lol
I did hear these guys at sxsw
solo in NYC right now, everybody workin except me- so what the hell am i supposed to do
Hey, look at our new logo for #MLA13!
I should have bought Willow at Target, now every store is closed.
Hello world. OHC on twitter is back!! Follow me =D
RT : This is the dumbest football team in the history of the world.
last night was amazing!!! Hope to see you guys again soon!!!
Any word on Rice or Flacco signing with the #Ravens before season starts?
I am tweeting from my grave cause Justin has finally killed me.
Wow, #Penguins. Wth are you guys doing?
If metro drops my call one more fucking time....
- great paper! Thanks! And timely - we are in the middle of our first serious epub project.
I can't even process the thought of watching the finale :(
Today was so weird but fun :) .............maybe this week hasn't been as bad as i thought
I'm scary spice
dude, if you want your 90's kick, go watch cant hardly wait. m jennifer love hewitt
where you be
Yea I Still Care About U But How Much Should I When Ur Not My Woman?
Don't think I can make it to Gwar tomorrow, so I may have to make a showing at the HOG meet & greet at 3
finally opening grad gifts and cards...
#Badgers are a 4 seed and will face the Montana Grizzlies in Albuquerque
Goddess of History.
damn she mad -.- she really said "my new boyfriend "... -.-''
2012 Ms. SF Leather is on October 27th! Save the date!
CD Mastering, Online Mastering, Audio Mastering, Mixtape Mastering 48hr Master One Place
You too :-)) RT Hope you all have a day filled with joy and cooperative people :).
When life gives you Mike's Hard Lemonade, you're probably gay.
I have to go to work and I look like I have two black eyes.... Wtf
This series is both awesome & agonizing! Back-and-forth-&-back-and-forth!
Don't see the e-book exhibitors talk, was it recorded?
Have you guys hear the song 'Trouble' by Never Shout Never?
RT : Shout out 2 the ladies! Carpe diem! "The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives u power. U just take it."Roseanne Barr
Wen I get retweed I feel like a motherfuckin superstar
In honor of first parade, we'll be featuring a "Night" image from our historic Mardi Gras archives on our FB page tomorrow
you should make a twitter for Mirror Shane :D
Thank you!
- yeah, well…compared to Florida, we don't have bugs. :) I see ants and moths, grasshoppers…uh…bees/wasps…flies…
Why should you be content with so little? Why shouldn't you reach out for something big? - Charles L. Allen
But I'm tired of rapping off of people's beats,I wanna make my own.
the blondetourage is about to get blonder.
thank you! Hope you're enjoying #peru!
I'm going to be an AUNT!!!! Congrats to my brother and his wife! Naturally I'm going to be the best aunt ever!
#Love Food...good for the soul...
Dont forget 2 come over to Paradigm Gardens this weekend for our Summer Blowout Sale! Most products are 10%-75% Off.
Thank you!
burbank is the best airport! so chill, waiting for my flight to SFO and then on to DC for the screening at Museum of the American Indian
it was Casper
this track "Blue Moon" by is smoking...it's making my work day a lot smoother..
my parents say I can't either! :(
careful. It's like the joke about being the smartest man in the room: You're in the wrong "room."
I know that I am here and you are there, but we still have our love
..with the fan support needed to bring on higher $ players. That's what worked in the 90's & that's what's needed now.
what astonishes me most is that you'd have to pad a resume to get that job...
make two dreams come true but following me nd 1
it is, and the fact that's she's dead serious makes it even better
RT - Smh... somebody just asked me if jacksonville still had da Jaguars....*sighs* I'm go sit back down before I hurt ...
I like that.
-smiles sweetly, showing my dimples- Hello there.
best mussels ever, and great music. see you there
These chicks crazy
I think that the modeling I'm watching now are stupid and is not organized properly they are complicated
Thank you, thank you!
Singing! I knew Barnbaum would deliver.
n u didnt invite me?
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
I'm not sure what I did to deserve this, but I'll take it. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I know I'm not perfect -and I don't live to be- but before you start pointing fingers make sure you hands are clean!” <U+2015> Bob Marley
Happy Birthday to the best linebacker in the history of the game !
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety
are you doing active or all time?
ash.....miss you all!......are you in georgia?
We share the same taste in cuisine LOL
WATCH LIVE: News conference at landfill on search for 5-year-old
Online ticket sales end at noon. A limited number of tickets available at our admissions area beginning at 2 pm. Cheers!
It's really hard to drunk text when you can't see
Watching the news... Two teachers got into a fight
RT : a big dont is to stop adapting,or stop learning. The world is constantly evolving
no more rules...let the music set you free!!!
Tweeting my twitterific thoughts on the matter of my paper slogging atm
we have to make good ole Opperman proud!
#I #fucking #hate #people #I #really #do. PrincessCiera
#nowplaying Truth of A Liar - August Burns Red
We need to sell ourselves and tell our story. -Diane Reiss, professor , on how to keep women in academe.
We've had food trucks driven in but never an oven! Very exciting :)
i like my girls head south and they ass north----> #Cking*
ya da Knicks had a good season i think its gone 4-0 sweep
I'm about to go from ashy to classy.
Simple. RT : Truth, relevance, unselfishness, simplicity, timing - TRUST leads to #likeability -
Don't mind me if I get weak in the knees. You have that effect on me. You do.
I hate I can never fall asleep once I'm up -.-
Thanks, Dan! You sure are swell!
Dave can you start calling the race early I have to go to work?
You can now get your big-ass sandwiches with The "pay with " app, open a tab, order and you're done!
"There aren't many things you're good at, but being a fucking creep is one though." My coworker. Spot on.
we're pretty close to Canada, so come on up. I think we can take a boat there, btw.
Wish someone would bring me tres leches
A brutal schedule. RT : If #Nuggets complete rally and win first round, they would open semis at #Thunder on Monday night.
I had bets on
Hey you stupid fucks......when you go drink at Sauvies, take your fucking trash with you. Don't be a piece of shit.
I was just going to tell you you need to listen to it!
Students who may have a non-business undergraduate degree looking to enter the field of business will also benefit from this program.
And based on his performance tonight, Dwight's doing his best to get SVG fired on the court too.
I been sleeping allday
": Did the celtics already play?" Blew philly out
How fun! Tell him I said hi! Greetings from West Texas to West Virginia to Kunming :-)
Cotto! Cotto! Cotto! Such a close fight. Two rounds to go and it very well could be even right now.
Your library is now open 24/7 until May 8. Good luck on the final papers and final exams!
Avs overpaid! Caps gotta B happy to get so much for a player not in longterm plans. I wish Broncos could trade Orton for a #1 & #2!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<37
On the job search? RT : Google your name + name of most recent employer. What comes up (or not) is more important than resume or CV.
Wood Ranch BBQ on a Saturday afternoon :-)
been to sleep twice today!? Mono, I went to bed at 5am, got up at 10am stayed up, went to work till midnight, and...
N it definitely was a waste of time and #tragic cuz he came in the house too late bt im not mad i understand y
Lets rewind to 7 months ago so i can be esley the good girl again :p RT : okay okay your not:) & dont we all!!!
Hope Griffin is okay
Melloy Dodge needs good used cars! Trade yours in for $5000 over KBB.
The Movie Sensei officially gives #Contagion the Red Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Chrome was being a real jerk this morning, so I am relegated back down to Firefox.
Did u tell him??
Want to easily tell your fans where youre cooking? Fill em in on Antengo a free app with real-time, location-based classifieds
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers. Not me. The guys I date call me back.
Thank You, Sallie! Ur a sweet Blessing! {Hug} :)
Yall sure did keep up the good work
Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! I'm so flipping excited, I don't even know what to write.
Thanks for the Retweet! We are looking forward to it.
Thanks for letting me share DC story. Dave you did a great job playing host!
« #oomf a Freak with these tweets»
It was #Adele with the broken vodka bottle in the hash bar. R.I.P Amy!
We might burn like gasoline & fire, but it's a chance we'll have to take.
that is the best horse_ tweet in a while
Delta Passengers filmed the bird strike that hit the engine of the plane they were on! Delta complaining iPad should have been turned off?
And just realized that two weeks from Tuesday I start the Fruit Feast cleanse. Blinking. Blinking some more. haha
youre the greatest
what u mean no explanation I'm tryna figure out what u mean
i haven't seen the books. A Markakis, Roberts and (presumably) a Jones contract won't break a franchise.
the problem is people are addicted and can't give it up. Fans spend a ton on this game and nowadays extra $ are scarce.
yup I am. Listening?
How To Train Your Dragon can not open soon enough! I feel like it should have opened in Jan! Can I move on to Iron Man 2 and Shrek 4 yet?
Great web site! You mention Quality Management Assessor this is interesting, any more data on this available?
i think i peaked creatively with my UM-commissioned collection of Spanish children's songs...
Its boring!!!
Having a favorite/home team sets you for disappointment 19 out of 20 years.
Fantastic day shooting the diner scene and museum scene getting ready for nights this week - gotta have a lot of coffee :)
Pro-love is your #rapture out of a world of hate.
OH: re: Housing Shortage in San Diego -"They aren't making more dirt, but they are still making more babies! "
good rest for the Big 3, Neal, Leonard, and Jackson.
yhur birthday is 2maro.. we will talk about it then. Lol
I'm STILL at the bowling ally but their playing boyfriend by justin bieber<3
"A general air of tension, marked by frequent bursts of laughter, seems to pervade the throng."- THE STRAW
That picture is rad. I'm completely jealous. Have a blast man!
Just keep spinning just keep spinning
thank you!! I love them they add a different touch and keep me warm :)
#ALLIN ready for the War Sunday Mario!! Good luck and Go Big Blue!!!
following back
., feel like making a dream come true on this fine Friday? It's easy: just wish a very happy birthday.
Follow the beautiful n get a S/O n an #InstantFollowBack!!
I'd be interested to read studies of the types of libraries (public, academic, etc) that are most active on twitter/FB.
That's not very friendly, is it?
ha #bringthenoise and cute crying babies too! “: Are you implying we were super noisy? :)”
The thing scratching my window :(
they slow u down and give u bad reps i feel ya!
Just got off the phone with my daddy #TeamCeltics <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Last night must have been that awesome
Question(no offense to anyone): when the fuck did we start following Justin Bieber? -Damien Wolfe
Check it out! Representing
if says ok then we can!
this pitcher is trying to take out their kneecaps!
We're off to the Federal for dinner before the show, Ryan Roberts Trio with Matt Yeakley.
Apartment fire. All residents safe. This includes my mother. Red Cross called. Fire Dept investigating. Bldg standing but totaled.
lmfao at Herd right now lol
Last tweet for you. I know you don't want to know someone who makes cupcakes like that.
Great show last night! Bollywood was amazing! You and do a great job! Cant wait to be on a show like
I don't mind if your not going to help me, but stop working against me
Happy birthday to my beautiful and remarkable wife, ! I learn from her everyday.
lol I was bout to say , and thanks
LMAO. Im good bro. cant complain. Workin on a new Tape as well bro.
Just ran the Columbus 10k - my first race - in under an hour and feeling great! Time for some serious lunch action.
Nice to see KU didn't show up 2nite. Bad for my bracket but good for big ten.
Are you going to take a fancy photo for it?
The Marlins are going to sign Heath Bell
Well, on the bright side, the REAL bullpen didn't get used. Pomerantz looked damn good.
I wonder the same thing every time I see that commercial!
Leyland on Inge/Raburn struggling "thats just part of the game, they have to fight their way out of it and I'm sure that will happen"
Dudes, how was #Wits on Friday?
Looking forward to the BCBG show & seeing the new Fashion Week set-up.
Your Twitter entry for the Valentines Day Giveaway is in! Good luck!
If your in SAG or AFTRA, please support
So what is your vote iphone or Android?.... so far iPhone leading
Tiao He Cleanse: $43 Intensive full body cleansing became popular bc the synergistic effect of the 6 products created a remarkable result!
What other game would I bring? RT : you better bring your A game to Carlsbad!
this is why ticks are so scary- they can survive almost anything!
I DM you my #
i just want school to be over and brad paisley to come sooner
Addicted to the Adam Corolla podcasts!!!
damn! that foot...she missed it and got all curled up in a ball. my hands are now sweaty but was grt to hear that click of the draw
SHOT"S GO OUT TO ON THE COME UP SHOW ..TUIN IN IN THREE MINS..ASAP!!
lol already did
Damn it Brandon - Porcello not gonna make it out the 1st inning
Nobody is perfect. Thats why pencils come with erasers(:
Will I see you at one of my summer signings?
Song's an island sounding party song called "chuck my money"
C u Next Tuesday!
Lotsa zine events happening in the week leading up to the fest...
not at all
lolz! Lies & more lies
I got a ATL necklace from hot topic anyone wanna see it no ok <U+E403>
Tweeting in Spanish >>>
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to reading your tweets
Any suggestions on good Marketing books?
do you do any other shows ? ;)
lol It is possible that is what I am talking about!
Darmen? Sounds like your barista missed his morning coffee. lol
This is the absolute worst-case scenario that the #Caps could have hoped for. They are being outplayed in the first five minutes.
Just ordered my new Droid X phone - very exciting! I'll update upon arrival next Friday! Thanks for the recommendation, !
haha!:P and thanks!!:)
So happy Michigan won. GO BLUE... WE won the BIG 10 title, well with 2 others but still we won!
I'm a sucker for a fancy lower-case g.
yes I am
man my ankle hurt
Yes, I love him.
when i saw his face i started screaming.
LMAO no omfg, but those are my favorites. I would imagine they'd be making a new one in the future, it was really popular
#RunningQuote: "Running is the greatest metaphor for life, because you get out of it what you put into it." -Oprah Winfrey
working on an imprinted sunglass request. Not only perfect for summer, but wonderful for winter and snow events!
Check out my NFL selections and picks video on www.thechiefsports.com See why I took the Rams, Niners, Chargers, Jags and Bengals
First the Crosby Sweepstakes, now the Jagr Sweepstakes? Come on people. He can still score, but he only has a year or two left in him.
we know you recently posted about biking in #Indy - check out our new MTB series & share if you think followers would enjoy! :)
Money talks boosie will walk
i miss seeing around. her ass went GHOST.
Absolutely. Great moves to give Luck help.
Just finished new stone collection "Metamorphosis ". From Ordinary to Extraordinary!! Coming soon to
"If you don't like what's being said, change the conversation."
We don't even have to do anything exciting or fun...I just wanna spend time with you.
Forgot to tell you how much we loved you on #Torchwood. Great reverse head shot! (scooter guy & son from Minchin show)
Is it weird when I eat m&ms I make sure I eat all the other colors first so I end up with only Gator/Broncos colors?
Word. I'm 3K miles away. RT : Don't take living near your family for granted
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action.
THAT MOVIE WAS SO GOOD!
Major turf war for the last few days. Drive by clawings.
niocee~ I always think of it when its rains:3!
I am unlike anyone you have or ever will see
"I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it" - Jonathan Winters
Stop by registration to get your Melbourne cup horse.
It's 4/20? Happyy Birthdaay Lint-Licker! Even though we're cousins, we act like brother & sister. I love you! Don't get too crazy tonight!
I made a quote just like this in a diff picture about blue eyes but then I lost it then I found this pic and I was happy
Thanks for the original tweet. It's indeed a sad day for the wild rumpus of young readers' lit.
Gnite..Happy Birthday Mom!
Porcello's cut sleeves are shorter than normal.
i didn't find any tickets, but i'll be in NYC on new years eve already. Can we still hang out :)
My boy Nemanja is 21!!! Happy birthday man.
RT : TNT's Steve Kerr on the #Lakers: "This just doesn't look like a championship team."
Fresh out the shower
well i said it would be chippy just had no idea it'd be in my neck of the woods and not just on the court...
Thank you for ur support!
If we do lose well keep it close
Get your cameras out! Super nova full moon Tonight - Brightest and LARGEST it'll ever be ! Best view at 8:35
RT I need volunteers to go through a Community Manager Foundations class I'm developing with Argyle Social.
: " music always catchy make you sing it all day"duh
wanna go skating?
So true! Learning rules.
at dca waiting for blue line
I just love coffee it simply makes me all happy and warm and fuzzy. Also let's me forget the fact that I got 4 hours of sleep last night<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Watching on blogtv. It's been at least 6 months since the last time I watched a blog. I've missed it. <U+2764>
we can say that Ihop is giving away pancakes in response to Denny's free grand slam breakfast offer
It's not me, it's you. Actually, it's the taxidermy of you and me.
I start work tomarrow finally :)
It's ironic that #SecretAvengers is the best G.I. Joe book that's actually NOT G.I. Joe.
Sexy salsa but lame talking by the other football player
Guess who's giving presentations at four Bay Area REI's this summer? Teddy Roosevelt. Just kidding - he's dead. It's me.
Just saw Gwen Ifill from PBS Newt HQ. He's on his way to give his victory speech. We never partied with Republicans before.
dogs in strollers, sitars, pianos; gosh I love Washington Square Park
If you criticized Lebron a month ago for choking in the finals, you better criticize these girls, cuz they just did the same damn thing
Facebook: "What's on your mind?" Twitter: "What's happening?" Myspace: "Where did everybody go!?" (Stolen)
develop more easy-to-use apps for Mac to have fun on Apple devices.
Follow me please! I Love you so much 1-4-3<U+2665>, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoListen. I'm Uruguayan! I Love You
#Heat-Lakers um the LAKERS r going to win whos watching the game and paying attention to the score cuz i am and its looking pretty good!
Looks like the crowds are definitely back downtown. Good to see you all
the "ecosystem" drawing we put on the napkin last night was our attempt at a start.
Going shoe shopping after work today. Do they make light up shoes for adults? Let's hope so! Going for it.
RT : Time for #runchat so you all have been forewarned.
Not awesome: tummy still hates me. - happy happy birthday if I don't make it later!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ? I love you. a lot.
I used to want to be a scene model, but I grew up. It's time you do to. ;)
Got big plans for tonight? We do! #PinterestParty 7PM tonight with Join in!
#mobprocconf collateral surveillance and power asymmetry (referencing licoppe)
what you buy every gun they have in call of duty?!
This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version. Damn
next 1st take, one on one, Stephen A vs. Skip. My moneys on Skip!
I own the DVD.
Finally seeing #ThinkLikeAMan !! Still a sold out crowd, in a few days I will see
agreed. It's baffling that the only formal communication b/w GUSA and funding boards is through a Senate committee
Updating 8 portfolios is a lot of work!!
are you coming to our #Women-Owned #Business #Networking Social on 3/20 ?
all we have is now, the only constant we know and never understand
Stickn to my plan for 2012
The Truth just dropped a Tebow!!!!
Divine cooperation and synchronicity are established in my consciousness, my experience and my expression.
I go to bed with anxiety I wake up with anxiety.. just wonderful
what r the odds that political corruption in Il. Will evr b cleaned up
Happy St.Patricks Day to you too!
More like what I'm gonna do
Emailing, as you suggested, following my ping of yesterday ...
Washington Business Journal named Maslow the #1 #Media Production Company for 2012!! TY for this great honor.
school lunch is so nasty.....
wishin I didnt have to explain this to Joshua!
Madden: need to make sure all criminal justice programs are evaluated, set goals and require them to report results.
RT “: I love you. You are the object of my affection and the object of my sentence. <U+2015> Mignon Fogarty"
So many problems could be solved by many Michael Keatons.
We, The home of the WICKED are so pumped for the Boston Red Sox to start! #KeepUpTheGoodWorkInFL #BostonOnTheRun Follow back??
Appreciate all the followers&retweets :)
I was born a leader the only time I might follow is on twitter.
Check us out on Facebook: Coastal Aquatic Creations
lol, yeah right
im on my way home(:
Results are in! SPJ Awards winners are posted at www.spjsandiego.org. Look for your name & join us at awards banquet July 7!
Me 2! C u there! MT is looking forward to presenting at the 2012 American Studies Association meeting in San Juan Puerto Rico!
Dawn... you made it, welcome!
Final score: Virginia 5 NC State 1
Tosa had a house fire earlier @ 2409 N 63, 1 smoke victim. Nothing going on now, just waiting for
thanks for mentioning Devon! He is an inspiration and it gives the kids at Eaglecrest something to root for!
Fabulous session with on facilitating online learning! OMG!
No class tomorrow. Happy labor day.
You never know just how the story ends or how the story goes.
you dont honestly think im not already following do you?
photo of typo shirt please?
just followed u now follow me twizzler lol rabies
Too exhausted to keep reading tweets. Mentally drained now. Exit light. Enter night. Take my hand. Off to never never land...
T minus 63 minutes.... #Go Blue! Sparty sucks!
okay awesome! Haha I didn't either!
so proud of ur kalbi jim. For record, mama DID serve it like that
excited #edcamphilly on Saturday, always a joy to surround myself with passionate educators, giving up a full Saturday to connect and learn
RT : I don't know how to do this stuff well but I hope you got my congrats. I'm in Showboat w/Joel. He is funny []
Daily Special, Tue 05/15/12 - Roast beef, ham, turkey, choice american/swiss, lettuce/tomato/pickle/onion, on italian roll, w/ FF. $6.09 RT
dude. I saw you today in your car and might I say, you have an awesome car.
Thanks Christy!! I'm super excited about it #BeanTastic!!
IB tests, meaning i can chill all day in class. all day.
You could be watching the 678th GOP debate with the rest of us : tree of life...tree of boredom.
Great job on your spoken word performance #JyreikaGuest. Thanks for being a #FreedomFighter at
Big run by the Illini....need Leonard to go off or I have no chance in this $5 Big Ten game...
Avant made me so mad today.
Now that the dust has settled, I have to admit: I wasn't a fan of the "Swagger Wagon" video. There, I said it.
#Scandal is the type of show you sip some brown liquor while watching. It's that intense.
When I want to do something I always think "would a dumb person do that?" If they do, then I do not do such thing.
Did you see #MySinatra this past weekend? Tell us what you think!
Do you know what always annoyed me? That for all seven seasons of Voyager they wore the old DS9/TNG uniforms. Yeah I know, nitpicking.
Crunch time
Good luck tonight!
guess whose defense I have playing this week :-(
RT “: You were born to be real, not to be perfect."
That guy on the Telly was amazing with horses
Seven more weeks until the Best Summer Ever.
thanks for the follow and support Mickey keep cheering for your favs and check out
Thanks, ! I wore the shirt today. Love it! :)
as yall can see the Lakers fans are all pissed
dated no way? Certain subjects each sex excels. Prefer single sex education any day!
#changeofplans out to walk franklin street verrryy son! mario & luigi bout to do it again, and again ...maybe one more time
RT Why is it always war with us?:"(
OK, brilliant. Something on the theme of #innovation or #crowdsourcing, perhaps?
miami (ohio) has informed b roethlisberger that he will be permitted to walk with other students but bathroom breaks will not be allowed
should be fun. Big show in a bigger venue. Is a gal on the guest list? Lol
hahahha cant believe a frog just jumped in our house and our cat flew across the room like a bat out of hell and hubby rescued from cat :)))
and : Don't want to lose your constituents' support and your seat? Listen to us. Reject SOPA and PIPA.
it's snowing!
Oh good! No worries then.
That is the truth. Another dude killed his uncle by beating him over the head with a hammer. Stuff is just crazy!!
Feeling blessed and surrounded by love thanks to and
Wearing my wedding ring for the first time, doesn't feel like a part of my hand yet
ATT settles class action over termination fees AP - AT
thanks! the updated deadline isn't listed on the web site.
so many hot deals... You have less than a month to prepare for my visit to #NYC u betta
Me too! I miss you! The show was so great! It was so good to see you, Mitchell and Ms. June! Let me know when you do another show!
I have menudo and comfort food for you!!
Nice popcorn maker!
Another part of Florida next time....
Every1 loves Barbara Bush's Wellesley speech in '90, she did not do as well at Northeastern a few years later
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process. -Jim Rohn
call me soon as he start coming tell Cajun to face time me
Milwaukee WI Im down to put my city on the map I see how yall do it where yall from but home is where my heart at so I'm a cheesehead jack
WORKS FOR ME
#thomaskeller favorite simple roast chicken recipe & yet-to-be-released #fessparker #whitewine - perfect Sun night dinner!
Can You Follow Me :(
Tonight is National Night Out! Get out and meet your neighbors tonight...its going to be a beautiful night!
It's Thursday , You Already Know What It Is...
Living the glamorous life -- Brunch at the #RitzCarlton in #SouthBeach Miami!
RT One friend can change your whole life.
thanks! It's a great movie!
it would be great, but i would be hard to communicate. i dont speak the best english. ;)
We appreciate the compliment!! Hope y'all are off to a great 2012!
Random tweet. Lmao =)
Hopefully gunna be gettin some clan matches goin this weekend!!!!
I mean 8 mexicans in the room..
Literally...The Avengers Was The Greatest Movie I've EVER SEEN. & I Plan To See It 30 More Times Before It Comes Out On DVD
thanx to for throwing game 6,We hope you stay in cleveland . Mogotti and only the loyal C-town loves u
Q3. Favorite TV series growing up.
Tweetdeck always crashes on me #frustrating but I love #hootsuite for iPad
Showed my friend a pic of a guy & her reaction was "it's like you looked up the definition of #sexpervert in the dictionary"
“: Need a tip on how to make good music? Make sure there's an accordion in there somewhere and it's gold.” Agreed.
#stopkony I heard #TOMS shoes was gonna partner with #invisiblechildren but they couldn't find their feet.
....three more hours
STOP SENDING ME F4F'S PLZ :)
HELL YEAH. I gotta go to Church though /: when I get back? ;) we finna show these nigletssssssssss up!!!
Holy freaking #HEAT! This is crazy. Make sure to #water your #plants. Stop in at Paradigm Gardens and Cool off!
Thank you! I've recently launched and looking to create a strong marketing campaign. Is that something you can help with?
we forgot to say (excuse our tardiness), thank you for the encouragement. Glad you enjoyed the panoramas!
I had 2 look him up 2 be sure the story I'd heard was true. I agree we have many problems between skin color that need serious love.
I don't think so. I care about it in general, but I'm so sick of hearing about it. I'm glad I'm not a local reporter.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW EXCITED I AM TO SEE YOU!!(:
I wonder if water is grossed out by soda- because its so gassy?
Thank you for the RTs!
Me too PJ!!
what's missing in #grefine for you?
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho
See them now! Scentsy is so great....45+ warmers and 85+ scents. One for every decor.
At the gym and workin hard. Sweating like #whitneyHuoston at an intervention.
what? lol. I don't even know you..
Anyone else think they gave Syracuse the hardest division? Osu, fsu, k state, cincy? Looks pretty hard to me.
marlon perkins' wild kingdom sponsor
Wow I was just wishing for a new Shins album. What should I wish for next?
Dylan!!! Tell us already! We're dying here!. :/
If only you knew, I'd be with you...
mostly with you making fun of me I feel.
Yea that is true. You might have to. I watched Spaceballs as a child so I was use to it. Lol
RT : If you haven't received your #SAGAFTRA merger ballot or have any ?s regarding merger, please call (toll free) 855.724.2387.
Why don't blends sell as well as varietals? -- viewer question
you're more than welcome to marry that horse poop city you call home! :P
Why thank fuckin' god? I think you're giving him to much credit.
aren't you in school ? tf'
You two always make me laugh!
I don't know who that guy was but Kudos to you, sir, for taking the Mick out of the annoying Angelina. Was it crowded onstage w/ her ego?
going viral ;)
my mom told me to follow my dreams thats y i follow & <U+2665>
oceansize is the best band i've never heard until now
Feeling smart for getting registration badges last night instead of today
i dnt think so, i think they sellin mo toma I hop cause my mom was on at 10am and couldnt get vip
i wanna know at what time ya'll going to premiere Justins video tomorrow
Beautiful day in a beautiful city...
already read it. It sucked.
I need a new Draw Something opponent. #anytakers ?
Bahaha. I saw this & was like "so did I..."
And my favorite Wrigley chant was... Brunansky's wife's a dyke. Brunansky's wife's a dyke.
Thank you for RT! Best wishes for a healthy and prosperous New Year!
can you get your followers to follow me plz and ill TRY to get you SOME followers tweet bakk plz
You don't think Saturday is washed up?
Tired of being home alone. It's just me and Benjamin for the night
Only a fifth to a quarter of #kids #apps are paid for; rest are free.
new opportunity starting up in LA... can't wait
gotta love those sticky keys
We haven't mentioned the DCGOP. I think you might be talking about someone else's account.
oh my gosh, I did not mean dad! I meant dog!! hahah
You misspelled my twitter name...
ik tht people say stuff but tht just means there jealous at what they dont have(:
Nah, it was a pretty good time. But times are good now too. Too many people wasting time bitchin
You know you are a fan when you drag your mom to the show with you :)
a) you look adorable. b) this is hilarious.
Survey: 1 in 3 Kids Hurt Playing Sports
or do you not think so far ahead? cause i been thinkin' bout forever
Today I'm going to focus on what I need to do today and not what I wish I had tomorrow. Only in focus is there success. Thanks Uncle Rush
Lmao.. That would be awesome!
thats cool but i meant is that you in your pofile pic if so your beautiful
back off haha it's a great show.
Heidi Klum is getting a divorce.
not really ,don't be using me, but when u trying to go
RIP Whitney, you were the best!!!
Its bad when one manager asks another a question and the response is " you'll get a better answer from him. Not her" & her is a mgr he isn't
was like an 8-9% mixture bloomed we shot a ballistics gelatin w a 308 sniper rifle...still retained shape
anything going on tonight?
baby girl pull yo pants up I only want yo face *we onnat*
#IdFangirlIfJustin caked me.
totally. that guy's a wank!
Mindless Behavior
Are they actually allowed to do that? I mean, I would love it, but didn't we elect Biden as our VP, and not Clinton?
PURE SATURDAY'S at FUSION w/ Dj Equis are no longer in effect. 18+ AFTER HOURS are STILL AT CLUBX. LIVE Friday at ClubX 18+ Shocka Shock
At the environmental priorities workshop talking media/ communications. #smartypants abound!
My company is hiring sales associates, let me know if you are interested!
Commercial break again.
I deleted ALL pics of me, and changed my location
What's on your to-do list for the house?
Q2. Companies integrate mobile w/in multi-channel mix in a holistic way achieve 49%greater sales trans vs. non-mobile mix
Congratulations Skip. Hard work and persistance pay off. Keep it up.
RT um where you work--reliant park!!
how are you? you do?
You're a jerk! I was being nostalgic.
my new goal in life is to get #jesstweet trending
Do not dwell on those who let you down. Cherish those who hold you up!
Decisions decisions decisions. Guess it's a good problem to have.
Whenever you make a mistake or get knocked down by life, don't look back at it too long. Mistakes are life's way of teaching you.
Everyone follow ! Lets make this site the best USA site for !
Hahaha! I guessed 4/5 of the top 5 guys too! :) Let's see who I can get in the wild card. I'm hoping for Erika, Brielle, and Reed!
What is your #FamilyTradition on #StGeorgesDay?
GoogleGeo: "In the beginning there was Code, and Engineers saw this and they thought, 'Cool!'" And everyone else thought 'Huh?'"
I'm saddened that Nutgrabber69 didn't acknowledge my Words with Friends request. He must be busy. Grabbing nuts, I suppose.
75% of consumers will buy your product if they like you on Facebook.
Lol, WE FOUND DOVE IN A SOAPLESS PLACE
will we see you tonight at Aloft DIA? 6pm. open to all! come see what is all about! for men too!
Follow and by Be Human on iTunes ASAP!
I wish you would tweet me:/
lmmfao omg tell him to b safe wit u
JcPenny is on crack if they think I'm spending $80 on cowboy boots.
I look at all the lonely people.
follow back??:)
I feel so warmed when I get a new fake Twitter follower. I'm talking about you,
S/O for the opportunity for our artist Mr. My$ta to perform at ur block party
Good morning (:
Can I be the opening act (singer) for your comedy tour?
S/o to the #LoyalFANS of YOUR #CHICAGOBEARS!!!!!! WE ARE !!!!
Ima start drawing people faces n called my álbum making love faces
RT : Must commit to memory RT : Wait wait wait....a Lesbian cock block is called a Beaver Damn?
hahah nah she's not very Internet "social"
Jake Keefer with another nice stop.
Man, y'all know how to have fun.
Mailing is fine. Did Access Tucson contact you?
and Bobby Moynihan remind me of the original #SNL cast.
That's it! I have decided to go on a Markers Mark Free Diet! Holy cow that drink tastes so good but need to let it go!
I was just lucky to have a mom that bought me the cassette; growing up in the bible belt and all.
"The unconscious is much wiser than the conscious mind"
I always pick up plastics in the area.They are so polluting!
Congrats to Haywire. Just made it onto my worst 10 movies of all time list.
thank u now get the other two to be happy lol im gettin it left n right for not sayin i had a boo i said im talkin to this girl
Dear Ladies!! Happy International Women's Day!!!!
I'm the guy with my hands up their ass.
Can someone explain to me why "Crash Your Party" is not on Karmin's album?
When I have. A drem of somebody that don't even talk to me!I never won wake up!!!
Thanks guys! Those popsicles are so good.
Im so tired -.- Idk why.. Im just super exhausted
Patty Mills has 22 points, James Anderson has 16 and DeJuan Blair has 12. The Spurs lead the Warriors 73-65 with 5:54 left in the third qt.
Im gonna whip your legs off your legs. What remains will just be a cruel reminder of what legs once were. haha #3?
Happy Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Reason 29 to love the BBA: Every year we have an elected board that donates their time to support the BBA.
I can unfollow as quick as I follow or quicker.....
yeah defiently :), we need to sort out ice skating!
Is that a new series or the one that has been around for a while?
Stay thirsty my friends
you're welcome! Happy New Year!
Doesn't MR see that Beltway excuses VP gaffes? I'm a diehard O supporter who didn't want Biden; realized his gaffes don't matter
I'm looking into giving my current site a new look
Dear Cheesecake Factory, your delicious 1,000+ calorie dinners will be the death of me Sincerely, everyone
does anyone care to guess who the winner of original song will be>
500 - tell a friend to visit our Facebook page helping us to reach 500! Thank you
RT : Do colors make you think of social movements? Let's have a colorful conversation about how color can create good....
thnkin about rippin one in car on the way to work. probably not a good idea. i might get left in dripping springs
Virtual Choir Live Streaming from LIncoln Center. over 3000 singers from 73 countries. #LCChoir to join the discussion
im more then in love with him & im going to bed I'll talk to you tomorrow
Who is your weight-loss inspiration for 2011? We are going to reveal ours today...
it's ok u just seemed a little irritated
Sushi is the best, if u ever in Atl stop by Twist Restauraunt on Peachtree.....
because no one is tired yet. (:
smh lmao ask if I can sleep over in a few days
Hella just dropped my phone on my bottom lip -.........-
williams-sonoma is now selling beehive starter kits and chicken coops.
Ahh we now have less than 24 hours left! Hurry up and be Tuesday<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> I need Jonathan/Sebastian to burn down the world<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Words that excite during #GOLF RT Wow .. Or better yet RT Wow wow wow
Steve Jobs was an innovator, inventor, kind soul and genius. We will miss him
hahaha alright I promise I won't quit!
Limone: San Diego's Newest Pop-Up - San Diego Reader (blog)
Huge Boxing class tonight at the gym. Duke is making 'em sweat! The Swittels are in the house!
PHILIP <3 OMG
Some people on twitter can be so fucking annoying..
I don't know how I manage to break things so easily!
Even my lawyer b askin iz it dope!..
Sweet! RT Come on in today to enjoy 25% off our yummy food!
I know it looks A-Mazing! Because you own it!
HE KICKED IT IN!
I tried to turn the movie into a sing-along. It didn't go well. Haha. I though the film was great, though. I'm happy I went :)
Great talk this morning!
I would love to go into hospitality and tourism but in this economy it's not realistic.
Jamal Reynolds and Ahmad Carroll think so #$$$$ RT : Love Mike Sherman, but is taking his advice on draft day the right move?
hahaha not funny!
DON’T use cleaning products on or near your natural stone unless the label specifies that it is safe for it.
Developing your own creative expression through foundational drawing w/ Surle Bachman, Ed. S. at The Geezer Gallery
Just went back up. No new followers. Hmm? #thankyoujesus You show 667 to me! /via
We'll see you then!
would it really be worth the mess?
Spark wants to know -- do you remembering your favorite science lesson from #BackInElementarySchool?
wow I wish I was there!!!
Listened to the new album and had to pre-order. I want mine downloaded by the time I get up for work. I feel like a kid again!
75 degree weekend in Denver, but winter will be making an appearance on Tuesday, get ready!
Mother fucker! I accidentally added someone on FB. I hope they don't get notification e-mails cuz no.
Google search results warn of compromised sites | InSecurity Complex - CNET News news.cnet.com/8301-27080_3-2… via
Appreciate it. Didn't get in yesterday. Had ton of vendor orders, food, beer, stuff' so was stuck. & now $950 4 new starter!
RT A friend of mine keeps rescuing horses SE of Dallas. Anyone in the area who wants to come play with them can contact me.
Everyone follow - she's new to Twitter! <3
Strictest security I've seen - Albuquerque, NM & Columbus, OH last year. Not LA or NYC.
RT Welcome , renewing IBN member! She makes tropical-inspired skincare products! Go Daria!
The rainbow is more beautiful than the pot of gold at the end of it because the rainbow is now. - Hugh Prather
It's puppy time now, right? :)
are you coming over?
mememememememe!!! Ive never had the pleasure of playing :(
Happy Birthday to Ben , probably the nicest guy in Alaska. After Santa Claus, of course. ;-)
going to see American Reunion today! :D
Between the GMAT and the StartingBloc Institute I'm missing just about every awesome thing in May. Sigh.
Good Morning!
whenever it is, see ya there. I'll be in the stands this time. Considering the gym size, that's the same as one row away in AC
Matt Cassel should be paying him too. #Chiefs #Patriots : #Ravens extend Bernard Pollard's contract
Omaha is a great place with special character. Where do you live?
Working on some wabbit - stuffed with sage and pistachio sausage
Like her wholee forehead is like two big ol' eye brows.
Why don't you just let the phone ring instead of rejecting my call?
#nw X men origins
or a fork at a restaurant.
Restorative yoga and wine.
Let's celebrate 3 pointers and blocks with...no defense
beta unavailing of mlacommons at next year's MLA in boston
A resourceful person can see opportunity when others only see obstacles." — Garrett Gunderson
want to shoot for sometime after you're back?
I miss you too !
Chase Hackett...One Round At A Time!
Beautiful! Last night's sunset in Albany had such pretty clouds as well.
Sure thing! :)
#Kiski School faces Westtown School tomorrow in the State Quarterfinals. 3:45 pm at Westtown School in West Chester, PA.
Why do I get homework from trig everyday and I won't use it in my life?
okay let me know when you know :) you have my number! I'd love to go with yall
“Your hidden talents are the things you could do that would make you happy, But you don’t know it yet.”
Completed a 5 mi run, and feeling good. And a long-time-lost sensation: extra energy.
...Minion, I reveal nothing. The wait will be a torture you must endure. ....which makes me happy ;-)
At the Parthenon Public Relation Awards...dinner=good :)
"the appetite of our present materialism depends upon stirring up our wants-but not satisfying them" -Robert Lane
The size of a mother's brain increases shortly after childbirth according to market research
Time to get up
A lack of hope can lead to a lack of sense, so holding on to hope can spare you from making some disastrous decisions.
It's a fine morning to sit outside at The 5 Point, and warm up for a day of drinking with a huge breakfast. And a drink or three.
The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.-Albert Einstein
I need a vacation.
ya i do,me n'my brother watch it together
LIVE LOVE LAUGH!!!
I emailed then. End of sept is what I got back.
that will show him!
stfu and go shave your fanny :3#
Will do! Thanks!
Guys can only go 7 days without sex and that's only cause we forced ourself to get use to not getn any while ur period is on
Q1: Let’s start with World Book Night. Does anyone have good stories from #WBN?
I saw the midnight showing, I'm paying for it today though haha
#Reds take the series from the cubs!
Note to Russ at channel 3: If you can't confirm 2nd death, don't report it. Try sticking to the facts.
Can't wait! Once I get settled and paid, I'll be out your way to see you and (hopefully spring, maybe summer)
Ughhjj I feel so sick
I swear One Thing is like the cutest video ever. They're all so freaking adorable!
Thx for asking Tonito. It's now posted on our site.
you better leave to come eat!
u want go to Atlanta on the 19th son... Meet sum agents and djs and all ... Hit me up son
Pretty decent day considering I spent a lot of it at work, but now I'm on a mission to relax & get to bed at a reasonable time
Damn feels good to be Back home in phoenix!!!
I actually started with a free one (plenty are available), but most have a time limit on the recordings (like 10-15 min allowed)
Haven't had time to put up listings yet, but check the Ball State and Notre Dame employment pages.
so you did hang up..
I should specify: the show, not the movie. Definitely the show.
:( i dont have a camera!:p
Going to see today! Ready for Chi town?
for sure ill talk it up! My bro and co. are interested! Id be interested in doing a couple shifts, dont need a ticket tho!
enjoy! Have a beer for me. Haha
Lets go Charlie Batch
#DontMessWithBeliebers? What the fuck do you think you're going to do if we mess with you, huh? Throw stickers at us?
fail. You never have it...
#game FOLLOW - New song out in a few days
it's a sad commentary on the evolution of force and the unknown ,it's a sad trend !
If you farted in a nursing home would it make a sound? If it did would you blame it on an old lady?
watching danceing with the stars....
have a good day to
We had there all weekend. Pics soon.
sorry for all the posts.. something happened with the RSS feed. Fixed now.
it's a great book. Hint : Ghostly Romance
Had a leetle Q&A w/ Nick and Justin of A Rocket to the Moon yesterday at Warped! Stay tuned. www.thespotlightwebzine.com
I made this feminist media studies collage with DJ, , , , and and it is seriously awesome!
Thank you ! Excited to see all your lines. So many pretty things in one space!!
cool. did you pick a subject area or just from the whole list of dbs?
basically, the term Hollywood Indies blows my mind. &I'm unpacking it, but I want to make sure the term isn't industry standard
haha the love of my life
Taught my son to ride his bike with no training wheels today.
#MontaEllis is a crazy good!
even thousands of years ago. Talk about your time travel!
Was happy the ride to the airport for NYC started with no sleep till Brooklyn on the radio. Then found out why
LUCCCKYYY. they still go to cali tho. I'd like, make my mom bring me to where they are. Isn't austin performing in LA?
Shooting rockets off with in science
“: #unmanlyconfession I sometimes like wearing fuzzy socks when relaxing on the couch...” seriously Please stop
Going sailing in the San Francisco Bay today with my family :) I am so excited and hope I get to see whales and sea lions :)
what a play wallace. What a play
We are very big fans! Keep up the fantastic work! :-)
no D:
Black-owned businesses: create a FREE business profile today!!
I met Anthony Daniels a few times. He's an interesting character. You can definitely see C3PO in him. Have fun!
we're going to see how good #samsung actually is with their customer service. They will decide if I ever buy their brand again. #fixIt!!!
most opera companies do have a student/under 30 program. Some have success with it. Others keep it on the DL. How to maximize?
I think i'm being coming stupid.
#10factsaboutme I can be really bipolar sometimes
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing listenin to this weak ass music dey b playin now a days
every guy has that girl who is his weakness
REMINDER: Classes resume on Monday, January 2nd! We look forward to seeing all of you back on campus next week! Happy New Year!
If I swear realty, can I get knighted?
Congrats , heading to the !
I enjoyed Lorax as much as my nephew did.
": well,I'm still here,it didn't erase Me :-)" ok good!! Only 949 to go lol
"yayyy! lets do 50's for time!"
Catching on fast bro. #OsMagic is a term that carries some heavy weight here in the Charm City. Welcome and Good Luck!
yeah...I'm not even going to attempt to disagree. Touche`
oh trust me, I know<3
Creepiest movie experience ever. MT : Since #thePalms movie theater ... has some serious security issues.. I won't be back.
Hi! Tried using online appt scheduler & am having trouble. Are all appts booked this mo?
RT : Today's Navy insult: "You'd screw up a muster on a one-man submarine."
Rivers sucked the life out of them with that 3.
Lunch with the positive coaching alliance!
Hope 's last day of student teaching is going/went well and she enjoyed her not-so-surprise surprise goodbye party!
It's risky to defy pill labels, but instead of 1 #Advil, 2 combined with a large #beer seems to have ended 2 weeks of a bad shoulder
RT RT : I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
that is exactly why we're best friends. We are attached at the brain. And your the thoughts are mighty dirty.
finally followed me now if I can only get u to follow me
Oh! *blushes* Thank you! :-)
Holy crap so sleepy....
70% of funders evaluating their work, but not always for learning purposes to share with the field
I think I wanna be a tattoo artist!!
how does avon pass some these kids?
no problem
lol pretty girl bad
I don't plan to go for a while (if at all) so you might not even have to write one...
Welcome to Cleveland!!@ Looking forward to a long career here buddy!!
Pujols is hitting a home run tonight...calling it now
Thanks, Keith! And thanks so much for coming to the Idea Forum this morning. It was lots of fun!
Minimal or general to teaching in general - not archaeology specific.
lmfao what songs you want me to quote? lol
Listening to Ira Glass interview Terri Gross. I think I'm in heaven
Avengers time.
Thank you kind sir!
For this last tour he played at the Double Door. But I saw him in a trio at an actual jazz spot downtown (much better).
I will not let fear of failure consume me. I will live out my calling
"a minimal, pulsing synthesizer drumbeat, over which Genesis P-Orridge would declaim lyrics surrounding the concept of discipline"
Also the Espejoa Mini-Dress is amazing. I adore the orange color and flirty shape.
Make it trend NOW:
Have anywhere to go this morning? Fog is heavy! Be careful and drive safely!
lies !!!!! When do yall get outta school
perhaps when asking for my help being specific on the requirements would help
RT : WHY DON'T YOU GO BACK TO YOUR HOME ON WHORE ISLAND? isn't there a whore island here?
Just another #meatless Monday...
On a train, and learning etiquette :)
;I saw your hairflip I saw your short hair I saw your light/dark hair and I will be there until your grey hair belieber F&A<U+2665>
I can't wait for the heat vs Thunder rematch in the
Congratulations on your decision to attend Lynchburg College! We will be happy to see you!
thank you !!
isn't stream of consciousness an alternative rhetoric? Should be fine!
How is your husband?
What'd she think man? Did she dig the bearded bard?
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you. - Maori Proverb -
maybe I should wait to have one of those cupcakes. Might encourage her to stay right where she is at.
All,we do is light it up all night strange clouds ;)
that was - he plays all over with great bands. Give him a shout out!
My fave line so far from "Hands up! Who Wants to Die!" in "He seemed so jolly in his craft, I naturally wished him ill."
I love being on the Montpelier Foundation's mailing list. It makes me feel like James Madison knows who I am.:)
We Philly fans are looking forward to sharing your beautiful soul with you tonight!! Bring it on, sistah!! <U+2665> See you soon!
finale tonight!!!! who will win? or or #TeamPhiPhi or #team Tie
Don't want to start trouble, but made the newest version of Blackalicious look like rookies tonight.
So you love me?
I commented in the also blog today. Can you fix typos? Everyone should be "every time". Also i should be I. Thanks
no I didn't I'll look now. I'm at the playground ;) I got that job at HBS. Also a call today for an interview for another..
with gas at $4.00 a gallon, NOBODYS riding around and getting nothing. [Read that on here. #clevershit]
I'm going on a set up date with a guy who thinks I'm fat. Good times!
CONGRATS!! wishing you many more! RT : HAPPY ANNIVERSARY LOU & CO!! Today we have been in business for 1 year!
Mad Men Recap: Turn on, Tune in, Drop Out - Huffington Post
Getting off twitter…do not want to see the Barca game updates until I watch it later tonight!
Live Your Dreams.
well damn i guess a lot of people pretending they go to church all the time knowing damn well they just went only for Mothers Day.
well I've never seen anyone else use ijs before...I'm not even convinced other people do that
Season 4 Breaking Bad finale lived up the hype. No poker or new shows tonight, just going to focus on doing some long delayed blog writing.
Think of a number between 0 and 20 Add 32 to it. Multiply by 2. Subtract 1. Now close your eyes. It's dark isn't it?
Had a grand time speaking about story. MT “What a stellar week in Pebble Beach at our Stryve Executive Forum!"
Now Monday, Dec. 26th - an extra day of celebrating for many - we'll keep some holiday music in the mix today.
Right! Sorry my memory was a bit fuzzy...
Lord, Please disconnect me from the "He say, She say". Help me to focus on spreading the Gospel, instead of the Gossip!
Come back soon. I got a new place and at has a kitchen so we can have a potluck dinner
Is it wrong to want an #oscars completely hosted and presented by Muppets?
There are certain things I can't get the point of. Bagels, for instance. Why do people like them? -Ned Rorem
"Analyze what posts your followers RT. It will help u understand the conversations your audience wants to have." at
can I get a follow or a retweet from one of the best SP in the AL?!
Great end to the Jessica Daniels class !! Will miss my 3 week comedy buds
Why don't they ask the others if they'll run 3rd party? They're the ones pretending to be "conservative" & for "limited govt", not Ron Paul
dude im so out of shape for this tryout haha
lipid-soluble drugs are stored by physical solution
#SometimesIWonder if Im the only one who hasn't read a page of the Odyssey yet, but still has a 93 ^_^
My future's so bright, I gotta wear shades.....too bad they broke!
sorry you are going through this but you're helping others too. Will tell my cousin to follow your tweets. thx.
Down low!
I'm going to have to start thanking God daily for the Internet memes the #Obama campaign keep lobbing over the middle of the plate.
Wow, hope we never run into #MelGibson down a dark alley.
Do you use Clear 4G internet? Would you recommend it?
beautiful day for the last day of the orchid fair
Sister, 2 dogs, and I all made it to Placerville safe and sound! Quite the drive from SD. Now time for homeade soup and football!
3rd (of 3) shop rejections, kid got dumped by his usual camping buddy, etc. Trying so hard to stay positive & not get weighed down & surly.
Sometimes I go through the grocery store backwards. Yeah that's right.
Getting up at 630 in the morning and spending 150 on my teeth is not what I call a good time.
108 YA BUDDY!! LET'S GET TO 110!!!!! ~ASHLEY
10 followers because I still don't know how this works
#thatcamposu Propose a lunch discussion group on the whiteboard. Already have one for Libraries and DH.
Let's go bulls!!
nephew? ah you're my son
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP AZ
I'm too sexy for Facebook.
it's right before you see the skyline of #Minneapolis :)
The Hunger Games has been read. Done. Now for the movie!
lol i actually broke a glass one before too xP
Don't remember the last time a photo shoot wore me out. Body is in pain after last nights session.
And the winner of our #MadeInNY Craft Beer Showcase is....! Congrats you guys!
"Neumeier creates New Orleans not out of large sets but out of dancers." - Arts Education Director on
first time ien seen u brush since January 27
is a dealer program in the future?
If you're in line for party with , they're saying they are only letting 30 more in. Do with that what you will.
Awe did we miss your birthday? Happy belated!
You're on a roll.
Out of the 8 ppl I will be relaying for, Alex is one <3
the jones drew, and the birthday forte
Fuck what I said
yes please!! And love you both!!!
I LOVE YOU AUSTIN. <3
<U+266B> I discovered Kasabian when I was using on my iPhone
go wings!! 20 wins!!
Just got free little caesars pizza because "I am in a cool band." Living the dream.
haah, hmm... what are you gonna fix me ?
Westbury Christian grad Anthony Collins (South Florida) is currently playing Villanova in the Big East tourney 3 points, 3 assists early on
Hit me back ASAP this is the break of a lifetime...you can email me at !
Gathering items for the bake sale!!!
A2/4 Feeling able in the present (self-efficacy), which none can escape, hope, in belief in others and self
Sorry I didn't answer you before. I didn't have a "live" connection for most of the day. #aallfs is the hashtag for the summit.
Follow me on instagram! AntonyFlorida . Goodnight loves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
“: I want a relationship where you can lay with each other & just talk.. about anything.”
I know!! I was with clay when I got the email saying you were now following me and we started laughing
RUSSIA HAS THAT TOO BUT IS TARGETING YOUNG WOMEN. HAVE KATHERINE BANG AN ENGINEER FROM THE CITY OF PORTLAND BROADCAST HER SPEECH ABOUT
Happy Birthday beautiful! Hope you had a wonderful day!
lol. I'd tell the Boyz I want to have 69 kids not 7.
- thanks for the RT yesterday! Hope all is well... you at #Drupa?
thank u so much for voting!
Melo: "Maybe I need to not take so many shots. I don't know." This is a start lol.
VCU clinched a NCAA tournament spot with a win over Drexel. Which teams do YOU think are going to win their conference tournaments?
is looking for a way to relax--suggestions?
It’s your #successes that define your right path. Listen to them and they’ll tell you what you’re good at. ~
I see her when I want call that viewers choice
Just preordered Nowhere But Up on my Nook. I'm so excited!!!!
I don't get to watch on Thurs. I only find out later on when I check my DVR & it's empty, because no new show :(
Alright my glamorous entourage out there in twitterland....im officially back in action!! Free hair/makeup//lifetstyle tips are a flowin!!
Stop saying you will give 110% or 120%, it is impossible. Give 100%, 100% of the time!!!
Thank you.
Thank you :)
We're back in action from 3000 Chestnut Avenue! Wahoo!
can't wait to see it! have fun :)
What a wonderful opportunity! I follow Meg on G+ and learn so much from her that way
“Social hierarchy doesn’t hold a candle to the power of feeling isolated in your own skin.” <U+2015> Elyse Draper, Freewill
I am in the wonderful city of beloit. Go Snappers!!
I don't sleep. Ever. Hi everyone.
yeah I do .. I was just asking
If you had to choose: Mouth, vagina, or ass for the rest of your life?
Cathal did a great job in round #2 of #SXAccel Fingers crossed for to win! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Our first "heavy" snow today, about 2-3 inches this morning....WOOHOOO!
Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful & while it may seem harmless...it can be very hurtful to the person that loves you.
Heheh ^^ You'll be fine, believe me & I'll cross my fingers for you xoxo<U+2665>
Thank you! Very excited about next season ourselves... :)
Well, it's happened. I'm officially attracted to creepy Glenn from Mad Men.
hey friend! got the shoes @ nordstrom! on sale, too!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind. ~Dr Seuss
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>had severe toothache & found out I cracked a tooth, which is resulting in a root canal & crown next week. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> kill me now.
& i'm probably buying a Trent Richardson jersey the first day they hit the store.
any questions i can give u the answer
I miss you
Musburger... "the Red River Rivalry is turning in to a Red River blood bath". Love it!
my prob is that I remember my dreams, but they are all so boring! Just everyday events. I want some excitement/craziness
Why would you block them?
Amtrak is superior to planes in so many ways. However, other people's loud cell phone conversations remind me nothing is perfect.
tnks for sharing
The Hotel Derek appreciates you! Returning guest should ask about the special rates and inclusions.
he doesn't even have a twitter account does he? I assume if he did Bollig or Sharpie would have told us
Disembodied El train voice, what do you consider "suspicious activity" exactly?
:) RT : It's 4/14. You know what that means. Happy everyone!
Noel Gallagher will be BACK in Oasis for the next album people. The band is KNOWN for it's dueling brothers. SERIOUSLY.
time. Let's do this!
ohh cool mom knows ?
ok. i don't feel like debating lol.
i was going to have a movie night on my ONE free night off for this week and maybe next, but now i dont wanna watch anything else
>: Wikipedia is successful because they consistently build rich content on a persistent URL, of value in link economy.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!69
Aint got to many friends circle is turnin into a triangle
girls with dimples >>>
Glad you posted to the ND forum. Will be interesting to learn more about museums.
When you have a lot of anyone's money on the line, you must ask the cost of avoiding vs. recovering from various kinds of "bus accidents".
Shout out to who just jnd twttr. Awsme bb and good guy. He will hv some ctchg up 2 do with tweets
Aw. Thank you. I have to see what's on those pages now.
I dunno, but nope.
Tell us what you are thankful for!
The thing that is making jazz healthy today is that people are coming out of other backgrounds - from rock, folk, ethnic music Billy Taylor
#Top100Lies I don't have a Facebook anymore.
:) 3> lol my backward heart ;p
you don't know how to fish
Why I be seeing ugly bitchess with a bombb ass Niggahs *smh not right
Looking forward to another week of Champions League Football!
Thanks for the follows!
My friend, who is Black & gay, thinks Obama's support for gay marriage will hurt his reelection effort. My friend is 55 yo & very religious.
#keepyourpantson we've only just began the heavy petting.
wish you guys would come back to Memphis!
Lake Calhoun all summer...? I think so! :)
If you think you want to be down, you've been warned
I got grounded :/
What if we've got it backwards? Maybe mustaches have a thing for pedophiles.
Packing up my dorm doesn't get any less depressing year to year
Thanks for the shout out!
I've got some time to spend with family, and then back to writing when all goes quiet once more. Revisions are so much fun.
Don't have wheels, either; I take the Metro-North. But we're 'sold out.' Who'd think everyone would want to go to prison? ;-)
