I love talking to you
Perfectly describes BETA
Happy Friday #RVA!
why thank you Miss Ellen.
back in the day, Darren was known as Lil Dimes and his rookie teammate was known as Lil' Buckets
Kindle Touch or Apple iPad?
Bets she's the only one reading about pirates and sodomy tonight.
do i get free tickets for hugging u?
im soo blessed that i have my loves ones... god never lives your place his always there with u... i love u god...
Whats going on at the square ?
either you have been hacked or you are sending me spam. Just a heads up
I put a tablespoon of Swiss Miss in my coffee this morning. Increased the yum factor by 10.
cas no1 signs ppl who sings mostly his songs -_-
Hey, are you coming to reunion Kelly?
What does everyone think of this year's lineup? Anyone missing, or is this your ideal list?
1 year ago Chengdu opened its first subway line. By 2020, they'll have 340 km of subway, covering 70% of city. US & its NIMBYs so far behind
Monday Morning! What did you get done this weekend to put your business in a better position today than it was on friday?
How much of y'all barbs noe wat Nicki Minaj is saying in Gun Shot ?
Does anyone else think sayin "goin in" or "gettin it in" is gettin hella played out. I mean dam!!!
#Blazers and #Timberwolves tied at 27 as 1st quarter ends.
what are you going to eat? and watch Maury lol, thats the only thing on right now
Loved our time together today! So thankful for what God is doing in your life.
I love diamonds <> :)
Going to school listen too MUSIC! !
TF: and our old values will come right back to the surface.
Dulles or Reagan?!?
Ah panthers !
I'm around tomorrow...sorry about last week...you got my two emails a couple weeks ago though...right?
I'm ok with losing when my #10 hits winning jacks!
yes sir! Hopeful for da W today. Where'd u pick up da #GreaterThan today?
Automated DM's thanking u for the follow: Welcoming or offensively insincere? #Immuchtoopopularandcantbebotheredwithlikesofyou. Take that #!
There is one in Tampa as well we could have gone to but you sold me out again.
congrats! always fulfilling to see a project launching
Thanks for participating! The sweepstakes has closed and we'll announce the winner of the cards shortly!
EVERBDY SAY CONGRATULATIONS TO MY G VINTAGE TEE SHE MAKES MOVES!! RT : my phone died.still here at cheap jacks
this is true, except for home brewers or home bars. Anything that will help the craft beer industry is a good thing.
Thanks Clay...can't wait to see you guys. Give Amy a hug from me..
hey what time yall coming over??
Back to my regularly scheduled life... for a week.
ok ill stop being poetic and corny now. back to my normal tweets.
Gagas set is backstage!!!' :D I see it!
I think it's naive to see "no elections" as a major weakness. China has pulled 700 million out of poverty, in 30 yrs
what time will you be here? I'd love to see you!
i can't check in for confirm# GK9NA7 takes me to hawaiian airlines site and none of the #'s work. ?
People really piss me off.
If you follow the right folks, you begin to think everyone thinks like you
Busting out the new jordy Jersey today for the draft
What's your fav. type of stuff animal?
for being my sick buddy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
#np Sandro Silva & Quintino - Epic , that's how I'm feelin right now
Been living on college prowler.
Or...you could just come to the gym with me. You have a big match tonight though so need your rest.
yes sir
We can put anything under different cast of light. Give the guy a break;1st blk pres fighting multi wars including economy & GOP
you're cute
The final touch for an updated Kickstarter vid is in my hands, and I now have a nice little nook for live streaming. :)
Please pass along any feedback you get. Or I am happy to share customer feedback or names with you! -David
Thanks for the follow Shelly b (twinpossible)! :)
my man...CANT WAIT!!!
Klinsmann Calls In 22 Players to Face Mexico on Aug. 10 in PHiladelphia - U.S. Soccer
I was a momma slapper today lol
I'll keep trying.
My boss: Women shouldn't pull money out of their tits unless theyre gonna whip em out and shake em in my face. Right Isaac? Me: ......
Nearly ready for school. Autobots, ROLL OUT! xD
Dope, hit me wit a Dm w/ when and what time u want and we'll make it happen
S/O from the united state to London, England
great meeting talking private marketplace and plans for 2012
Every douche needs to see the intro to bridesmaids
DC: First Solar to lay off 2000 workers. As another Obama back, tax payer funded, leftist fantasy company fails. ,)
you always do!
I'm at a grocery store in Ohio with mullets so loud I can barely hear myself judging everyone.
“: Females are attracted to guys they can't have”. I must admit, I don't know what that feels like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
We'll be talking hockey with the Bentley falcons tonight. Audio to be posted as they get set to take on #19 Yale!
guessing 5 or 6. Mitch was going to come by, waiting to hear from him.
mostly good :) how about you contessa? How's Brooklyn? Beautiful winter? :)
Thanks for the kind words! Just living in Nashville and working on a record. No plans to come to NYC... I want to though!
Need some to do
can it experiment?
Ughh gotta to go to school
Trufant is #motivated tonight!
These refs are
Ha guessing you were in the stands? Lots of tweeting!
If they sellout after 5-plus yrs of non-playoffs they can call themselves great fans; til then it's self-proclaimed bullshit!
Q1 Scheduling Downtime!
Fight?! WHERE?!! * WHOLE SCHOOL RUNS *”
damn it's only been a min
I think you should've won all those awards you were nominated for. Good luck next time!
I had ur biz card w/ the twit info
I been on twitter all day.SMH
Cone did it on "Yogi Berra Day". Don Larsen (who pitched a perfect game in the world series) throw out the first ball.
I hate when people compare food to making me want to slap my mamma.
You too! Happy Friday!
omg love it!!!
Will never know unless you try it...uh?
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it!!!!" by Amanda
I want some free stuff.
eating Chipotle in an hour and then watching 2 friends get hitched.
Those texts would have made sense if they were said to my face...</3
My brain mold cracked and fell apart, so I'm trying a different thing. If it doesn't work, then jello it is.
the first too were fine they were safe picks but idk but this guy everything says he should of gone much later
Wow sux to c a hot girl go away
I keep having "wardrobe malfunctions" with my underwear.
Lag Indian opens 900 retard from Nebraska flats I cram 55 from bb for 7900 and Nebraska asks for a count and tankcalls QQ obv
Looking forward to speaking today on and location based services. Hope to see you there!
Good call friend, our facebook link is now fixed. You see this everybody? is helping out and doing a wonderful job of it.
This cold weather up north going into May is showing that "earthquake" is more than just an " " they trying to destroy the planet
Abraham Lincoln's question to the people: "Shall the Union [and] ..liberties of this country be preserved to the latest generations?
Miss it.
wait what the... gonna search for that. I had a lot of msgs come in recently that kind of kicked my inbox ass
The bear in the Snuggle commercials scares the shit out of me
thanks to everyone who's supporting us.
Unfortunately there there will be no INB4 Sessions today, my usual show host, Freqbase, is experiencing some technicals... :/
Confession #3 I have really bad trust issues. am i crazy? no i just show no mercy when my suspicions are high!
THE WORLD I was disappointed, I HOPE YOU DO NOT DO THAT.DO NOT KICK ME HOPE THAT IS ME
My mom really doesn't know how to whisper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> ugh
glad now that i spent a trillion hours editing this article because it's generating some interesting discussion on hacker news & reddit:...
In Worthington, OH today for the Ohio Local History Alliance conference. Presenting a session on collections care & handling.
Wish I could be chilled up with #oomf right now
I know bro..8 years/$160 mil is insane..
Nobodies perfect but your perfect for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
prepares to dj the WTJU dance party at the Tea House tonight, and yes, for the third year running, I will play Can's "I Want More" !!
“: Someone want to tell Tim Brewster this was the Big 10 ... not the Big 12.”how did that guy get fired?
omg i love this fandom :-)
Wondering if anyone has a link to how #OWS is evolving over time. How well are the numbers growing? Courage to all who are participating!
oomf should talk to me more often in real life (:
anyone have ideas for activities/projects when teaching The Outsiders?
The easy part was falling in love with her the hard part is going to be falling out of love with her.
trap is so fucking fun
"nicole how do you spell tow?" Me: "t-o-w?" Julia: oh
Seems like we keep saying the same things over and over
Art Notes: For the week of May 4 to 10 - Palm Beach Post
I'm #ForeverALamb because I've been listening to you since Someday and will forever listen to your music !!!
Archiving my files for back up. I forgot about some of these old freelance jobs. There's some school stuff in here I haven't seen in ages.
Give some luv friends!! Rocks!
lay your body down, just so i can touch ya. hoping that you ready, cus i dont wanna rush ya
Thank God for this beautiful day! Playing some <U+E014> at the
lmfao! this nigga said church folk recruit more than the NFL, NBA, and MLB combined!
okay I followed her
I got a dollar and a dream
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down
1 more hour
right, 2 tickets per game. so most likely we would have to do 2 separate games
Make Money Online with my system www.ebookviralincome.com
Tax break for mustaches? Count me in!
pretty good. TGIF! Wassa up with you :)
": Nas will forever be better than jay z."nigga you crazy!!!!
wat happend to (We Are MINDLESS BEHAVIOR) BUT KNOW ITS WE'RE MINDLESS BEHAVIOR
RT : Start of a great bday..parents came to game, we won, get to stay another night in fla, Monday off, no class
Waiting for the birth of the "Deather Movement." Where is the long-form death certificate?
I'll bring the Loko! “: Throwing a party. Everyones invited”
Thanks again to everyone who made #artrageous and #lincolnpark shine over the past two weeks. Can't believe it's over!
That cut is tight! Now you more aerodynamic!
wish you could have been there. If you want to grab coffee or something, I can give you the full report.
reminder: wordpress sf meetup cancelled tonight. no pizza, no beer, no sexy geeks, no
RT : Just changed Alderaan's Facebook relationship status from "Single Planet" to "In An Asteroid Field".
I really want to work today, but I'm concerned about this place
Great choices - thanks for stopping in!
Today in #JOUR4953 we got the chance to talk with Journal Sentinel columnist about finding your voice in your writing.
The Heat are shipping former #2 overall pick Michael Beasley to the TWolves for a second round pick. Next target for them is Mike Miller
Im Finna hire a contracted Side chick...Finna start passing out apps lol
I pull off your tights & I notice u have no panties. Ur pussy is sweating with passion. I rub my finger between ur lips then I begin to lick
that draw something game took up 53k. On my phone smh
Annies first soccer game rocks! She watched the revs last night to psych herself up
me encantas christian beadles
Philip Seymour Hoffman's in the bar I chose for my birthday.
Two fig newtons is not lunch.
Good fucking night<U+270C>.
Purdue game today
wow you just RT'd the fuck out of me didn't u?
nothing surprises me with TT. I think he thinks RB's are dime/dozen though.
I'd say they all go. Small chance of Teague coming back to try and be a lottery pick.
Guess I'll do these quizzes and then my outline then maybe this paper
Good morning everyone. Have a great day!
But one of the attributes of love, like art, is to bring harmony and order out of chaos, to introduce meaning and affect where b
What's really hood?
RT - At Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio to see the Cleveland Indians play the Cincinnati Reds!
Incredible details from the #freeallthree Iran hikers at #agm12. Watch #9news tonight for more of their speech in Denver
Today was going good then Jake messed it up
#Ladies please cut it out with the stink face look! Its not cute! Step your shit up and maybe the stink face would
Special #ValentinesDay shutout to
Me too. The one we went to today is her top pick
Come on down, its Half-Priced Bottle wine night
Just turned on buccos game and barajas is hitting? And had a homer?
“: Good morning peeps! Headed to the Jon Bones Jones vs. Rashad Evans fight tonight with my bro"
": I want a guy who will see me in sweatpants , messy hair, and no makeup and he says, "wow you look beautiful."" hahahhah
No. I wanted to read the book first. :)
Checking out Microsoft's Vine.
hope you like it! Thanks again!
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there. ~ R. Kiyosaki
Come. Let up celebrate this glorious occasion of the resurrection of the Holy Son. By eating way too many M&M's.
at least 5 times a year!
<3 Let go let God! Let love in! Give love out! Let your heart GLOW!! <3
ha nah ill have it done by tomorrow...somehow. ill blame it on add too though
Am I the only one who thinks certain old people look cute >.<
RT : Peer-to-peer networks shld be part of the ehealth system. Build online networks to get patients to educate ea other
“: WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FUXKIN BOWL IM SO FUCKIN HEATED RIGHT NOW #FUCKINGRAGEFACE”
Wish he could get some run support!
You're one of those " my friend's weird dad "
"i wanna give sumone a good punch in the nose!!
TWITCAM AGAIN! PLEASE!!!
No problem, it was interesting stuff.
Must. Have. Coffee.
Kmsl, jus flying through the air like somes siamese twins huh?!? You is crazy lololol
thats why i did it on twitter. posting it on facebook makes me look like a hypocrite lol
My wife and I shared a nice lunch at Pure in Fountain Square yesterday. Looks like you've already eaten tonight though.
UPDATE: NW of #Battleground 269th St is still BLOCKED W. of Daybreak Rd due to overturned gravel trailer.
Good to hear the thumbs-up? Looking forward to checking it out.
..... No way. Your joking, rightt?
NYU mandatory travel registration site warns faculty "Avoid all demonstrations. . . Feb. 29 near corporate headquarters or protest sites"
The rain may not ruin Happy Hour in DC today. Rejoice!
DSK is despicable. Tho prosecutor dropped case, there still seemed to be little doubt that the sexual assault took place.
RT Excited for East End Fest tonight, Fairport Canal Days and Greek Fest this weekend!
Ok halfway through the Lego store line.
'Mommy loves you': Courtney Love apologises to Frances Bean Cobain over claim ... - Daily Mail
I can feel it in me bones.
I have two printers/fax/scan combo's at home and can't get either one to print!
“To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.” ~Mark Twain
about me..?
Tonight is the night I unfollow a lot of idiots.
just witnessed a middle aged woman learn about the existence of adjustable straps on purses. she was bewildered. completely. wut.
wow racism in 2012? Really? You are a huge bigot
I think I may sleep in here, it's quiet cozy actually. My two fat cats are with me too lol I'm THAT scared lol
Had a hurd day on set today!We`re hanging out in my dressing room,doing some stuff!
at home! lol where have u been??
Marriage scares me. I don't break promises & that's the biggest of them all.
- Thanks for following! What are today's musings?
Freshman Fight Week 2012
probably the same one who chirped at Bruins' Thornton last year. Kane said someone who's no longer here...Dowell perhaps?
M I think our friend is cumming over for a little bit.
My last week in NYC.
OKC, BAL, NYC and now Munich, Germany. Our "Olympic Memorable Moments" docu-series in high gear. Off to Berlin. Series debuts May 7th.
Thanks to Rob Cancilla and Jim Accetta for becoming our newest fans! Feel free to "speak" up! :)
Agreed! RT : True fact: the parenting responsibility I despise more than any other is cutting the baby's fingernails.
All the kids seemed to have a great time with the Accounting related games for 'Take your child to work day'. We're a hit
Mark Melancon needs a hug
The process we went through to create this was a process of our own learning.
Do you love olives? Eight pitted green olives are only 31 calories. A great snack.
Can't figure out how to edit my Google+, says I'm a Male.....
why you mad?
“: Don't you mean your NATNISS braid?” hahahhahahhahahahahahahhaha yes! HahahahHhHhh
Sounds fun!
Need plans
then God wouldn't have given us the tools to do the very things we think are impossible.
Happy #FF to new #dsum12 friends!
it wouldn't surprise me if he goes off tonight!
Major League Baseball does the right thing. 10 teams the playoffs! Gonna be a fun season.
Thanks buddy! RT : that's right way to go Lil brooks.
Reason #4 tolls are good: you don't use hazards for moving cars.
I got it!!! My favorite is definitely Freak or Wake Up, Probably Freak... #LetsBeAnimals FTW
If you are still looking for a place, the Jeffco Fatherhood Program will take men's clothes. Great program, too!
whoops.. I'm sorry.. Didnt mean to!
nothing is every boring with you, is it? LOL sounds like a FULL day!
Panel to begin shortly: shaping of #race in American legal history: juvenile justice, interracial relationships & tribal citizenship
Whats the difference between a knife and a girls argument? The knife has a point!
There is a reason it is called mountains of info to conquer
Wow some body just got caught givin head on class.
I remember when it was 12 of us in one car
have you sent the webcam yet?, I've emailed you my address :)
r u sure about that?
nothing more relaxing and beautiful then the sound of the rain hitting the window as u fall asleep!
Blogger "Lunch & Learn" for Going on tour of Polinsky. April is Child Abuse Prevention Month. Do your part! #Pennies ^ds
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one it got hacked!!
CO Senate now taking up SB172, the multi-state testing bill.
which beaver coach is more (realistically) on the hot seat right now - Riley or Robinson?
thank you so much for coming! it was night to..erm....more officially...meet you! :)
Piping HOT poetry served while u wait at 3319 W. Magnolia Blvd Burbank CA 2nite 6P-9P
Just noticed your profile pic....love it!
JORDAN WITZ IS GOING TO BAMBOOZLE! IM ABOUT TO KMS!!!
Can you expand on this a bit?
Walk By Faith, Not By Sight..
Zelda step on a nice day heading to Portland>>>
Chillin in the studio with a little dog named Mr. B.
The love we have for our children can brighten the darkest path and lead us to the truest kind of happiness!
Aw thanks!! So are you!
Innovators have for enemies those who've done well under the old conditions & lukewarm supporters among those who may do well under the new
They have a BK <U+E14D>
I want to be a medicine man
Just saw Gov Kasich walk by our office. I don't know if he's had a hard week or bad lunch, but the dude looked haggard.
Searches for coupons exceeded searches for Gaga and the Bieber
Re: Kirk Cousins () RT : sure there is. did you check the bathrooms?
Yea! You guys would both give your two cents and then rate the place on menu, beer selection, decor, whatever.
oh good, just keeping busy at work. You?
why you in Cincy????
Agreed! was great! RT : so nice to finally put a face to a name. Hope to see you again on Monday.
I think you and should make a COOL MORNING 3 before you move!! <3
#justsayno RT : Gonna start calling weed "the devil's parsley" so if you guys can go along with that it would make me v v happy
I hate having to be the "mean" one all the time, but Lynn dont be carin what these kids do.
I will dawll !!! Txt yhuu in a bit
Big Victory tonight! Nice shot Kei!
This type of weather is when my car ends up looking like a closet because I bring heavy jackets, coats, sweaters--it changes so much!
Thank you to for being the nicest band ever. Im definitely gonna read some more dawkins books (:
I cannot wait to meet you Shanon! Wonderful! :)
have you been outside? Too cold for you to win.
DUCK DAY!
Yes, EST.
yeah, that one I can't help with!
you're a bird, I'm a bird
Hi! Have a good Thanksgiving? Events this week: Tue, Grad. Studies Committee. Fri, Capstone Posters; Research Colloquium; DHC kickball
Looking forward to starting my Masters program in a couple of weeks!
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you read Runelords? They're creating that a picture too. Vote for actors
You make me lose my appetite
#followfriday for paper/pen/office supply/gtd fetishes
Both Of Us Remix is perfect omg. I really hope and see it (:
Where's my money LMC, where's my money? Me and are about to go Goodfellas on you.
Glad you had fun :)
oh we know Vinny, believe me...
I think I'm gonna get #faded tonight...!! I need a cocktail lol ...
No problem! It's a little bit daunting, but the Nolo books make it *way* easier to understand. Good luck to her!
and match my dress! so that gives you another excuse to come over. Get it together!
"I feel like Eminem..." - guess who said this,
That one song that always melts your heart...
Dear student: "I want to go to med school" is not a reason for me to raise your grade. Everyone has plans.
something else. Lmao And it has to be Kayla. Not kaylaparrish. Hahah:D
Programmers wanted for a number of A studios in europe - contact .uk
And $175.30 later...it wasn't a warning. UGH!
No man is capable of self-improvement if he sees no other model but himself. -Conrado I. Generoso
Trying to figure out a way to set up an online store so everyone gets a receipt for shirts!
had a great moment on a hill in nature! West Coast land scape is amazing....
That via grave shit has me lmao still
RT : level 8>>>>The problem is, level 8 in your world equals Defcon 4.....Scrambling.
Ugh so tired
Gotta run out
Good one ": I hope y'all do it so I can go buy me a sexy piece of lingerie :-)"
At houlhans with jonthos bitch ass
": Sorry to hear of your loss....always thinking of my mom....always in my dreams, too!
Lmfao my daughter just said I am never watchin that movie again its to scary mom never watch that movie when I am in here again
lol it's not what we won, but that we actually won something.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
i really want her to come back she made my day just in that little time she was there
oh yes please! I love my ereaders.
Enjoy it bra. We only got once.
RT : her daddy is a preacher and may he rot in hell, i'd sell my soul to satan for a bucket from your well
let's
You\'re the best !!
Great time with Awesome Genuine people Thank you for being apart of my life.
couldn't have done it without you!!!
Completely random #FF to
I have invisioned a line of men's cologne called "Road Kill."
my uncle jimmy is djing the sweet 16 i'm going to tomorrow ^.^
nice shoutout at
RT - Correction: Last time the #Indians swept the #Reds "in" Cincinnati was 1999. They swept them earlier this season in...
Church RT : RT : I'm 5'9, I'm skinny as fuck, and that's the way God made me. Perfect
Thx , and for sponsoring another awesome #launch event for
So much yelling in our house right now! Let's go Owls!
Up early eating breakfast getting ready for my morning workout!
Ready for a great #photoshop seminar. Thanks for stopping in Jax!
I love rapping Lose Yourself - Eminem :)
#thatawkwardmoment when you take off work for your bday and get extremely bored cuz of the extra time.
Ha good morning
Shout out to for even putting 17 rappers on one track lol
How many of you know what percentage you pay in Fed income tax? Just looked at my W2; I only paid 6%. I'll probably get some of that back.
Go !! I love sharing my birthday with !! :)
So strong they cant register on the charts call me trent lol
Castillo hits a little dribbler in front of the plate. Kearney grabs it AND COLLIDES WITH LANGSTON! Castillo will be safe at first!
idk, don't matter.
It's awesome. Hey, I'm trying so hard to see you Thursday, May 24, 2012 in Fairfax,VA. I Just need tickets and I wanna see u!
Dude fuck you. Like 100 times over. You never cared about me.
still working :(
Thanks for the compliments...we heart shoppers like you :D
...also happens to be next to House chapel, where SC delegation prayed Thurs night. Reporters found it Friday on a press gallery field trip.
oh so you like those gangster clothes...ha...like dickies?...hahah
Can't wait to see tonight's finale of "The Bachelor." I wonder what lucky girl will get the rose.
a cool kid
burton baton now pouring.
I dedicate my #FF to some of my favorite nerdy imprints:
which 3 would that b?
Eating cold sesame noodles, drinking coffee, marking Choice.
"Something does not have to end well for it to be the most valuable experience of your lifetime." - Thank you !
There's always a positive and negative but let the positive overcome the negative :D
Do you really know how fast mold can grow in your home without you even knowing it? You don't think about it really, right?
Isnt It Just A Video Chat Tho
Slept good for the first time in a long time..
it's worth more than the ball. $12.50 these days.
RT : The 2011 March for the Animals will be held on Sunday, April 17 at Druid Hill Park. Stay tuned for more details!
Chancelor Katehi might want to take a page out of paterno's book and start shielding her assets.
Watching now!
...types of adult responsibilities, I'd have so much time to paint, spin records & get really good & promote myself & be successful.
Amazing first concert! 4 more opportunities to hear works by Eric Banks, Mason Bates, Paul Crabtree and Ted Hearne.
Wanting to go see the Keith Haring exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum, will go this week.
The Atacama Desert is the driest place on Earth, where in some areas it hasn't rained for 400 years!
My highschool graduation speech: I would like to thank you, you, you, you, and you. JUST KIDDING. "Thanks Google!"
I Should Walk Gucci Today...
Happy Mother's Day.
Hi! What's shaking in your healthy neck of the woods?
btw, "your" #Braves are in the way of "my" #Cubs tonight. Get out of the way!
I was at the concert when Justin had a laughing attack. ~flips hair.
Money = means to an end. Not the end itself. More money = more problems.
gonna kill it tomorrow against LA already know
getting schooled on with
Even when it's raining the H3 drive windward never ceases to astound me!
So...not rave reviews, eh?
bet the wedding was beautiful, too!
Just perfect RT : Just discovered a bottle of Pommeau. Perfect to sip while watching Miracle on 34th St.
Ended 5-2 on the night after the 3 night winners: Mavs/GS Over 196.5, D'Backs, and Spurs-5.5. Congrats to those who ordered!
My pleasure!
i will!!!! PARTY PARTY!
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+ SECURITY IS STRICT & TIGHT!!!
Finally! My fantasy football team has a "streak" that isn't preceded by "losing" and doesn't involve running naked!
We dated for 6 months. What the fuck was I thinking to let it go on that damn long! ???
Best moment: the Drunk hillbillies at 's race, talkin crap the whole time! Only made me cheer louder! Their faces after he won!
so umm you don't follow back? Lol
Just left gym got my run on
I want a holister model as my bestfriend<3
When you want them, they don't want you. When they want you, you don't want them. When you both want eachother, something messes it up.
How can agencies balance the desire for real-time engagement and the need to vet/approve all communications?
Another good day =)
Need to find out what the clipping path layer was named. I'm dealing with over 16,000 files. All with paths named differently.
I tweet hard.
You'll never forget your first time.
One lie can ruin a thousand truths.
well....wish that was the grand intro 2 chg I could actually accomplish...next? ;-)
I can't wait for drake and Wocka. June 8th
Food for thought: I could go for some baked mac n cheese
I want chicken wings.
And super teachers know that the ladder is like an inverted dome jungle gym with room to climb and room to dangle.
like, it was out clubbing? Yeah, that pork is dirty.
Omg technology is crazy!!!
today, I chose to be white because right now, my hair disagrees with the weather.
If I could just find a Dyer's cheeseburger.....
What were you on before?
and i have done nothing but bum around all day and it's not lookin like its gonna change tonight.
“: #TheAwkwardMoment when you run over your own banana peel in Mario cart.”
I will cut #government spending & minimize gov't bureaucracy. Let's bring back the American Dream!
Just made the best Caesar salad.
...These patients very characteristically plan their intercourses in order not the get in trouble with their work in the days after.
you gave a great talk on under the radar prospects at first pitch chicago!
I bought a decaffeinated coffee table, you can't even see a difference. ~Author Unknown
yup I'm watching it to! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
looks so hip! She is dressed perfectly :)
I need a part time job. Anything will do.
RT : The day before Easter reminds us to wait patiently for Jesus to deliver on his promises.
Be careful getting out of your car when in an accident. Someone has been hit after getting out of their car on I-225 near Alameda.
March 30th The Capitol Steps perform at the Princess Theatre in Decatur, AL. Political satire at it's best!
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour
Vegeta! What is his power level?!?
FLAPJACK!!! ^_^ yes!
sipping on a glass of vino & wondering how your T- weekend is going?
I could never get sick of Mexican food.... #SoGood!!!!
Countdown to final classes of graduate school! One tomorrow, one Monday, and one Tuesday.
RT : Jacques Villeneuve returns to the No. 22 Dodge! He will be racing and Montreal in the Series.
CNN is holding back but their exit polls show the same. I want the campaign to last longer...a Gingrich victory would help!
a little, and did inbound links study look as well? what if library just not generating many links, period?
Accident at the barbershop....it's that rain man. Just glad it wasn't ya boy!
As I instagrammed that, my only thought was "I hope doesn't get too offended here." Mission accomplished. :)
Lou should have been fired
thanks Petteri for the RT- have a great week
:/ oh I'm so sorry. Hahaha at least you only have 2 left though
WINGS!!!! Best part of the day haha.
//><//yeeh i know her since i was child:P
I can't blame for rejecting afters; I went from employee to fan to superfan to stalker in less than an hour. Still a pleasure.
I'll have to do my best to live up to an accolade like that. Thank you!
looking for a iphone ipad database developer !
Followed :) Check out my videos and share with your friends! "Like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
Thank God my car parks itself
I'm packing up and heading your way
I am! I am eating very well! : )
Awesome! RT Support is unreal! @ #WaterWrites Hawaii
Let's land this bird.
hey Dilan, I've faved so many of your tumblrs you post... sorry if you're overloaded with notifications.
but you will wait LOL haha damn I'm funny
that was so much fun!!!! Thank you for letting me come out! :)
Exploring Vroom's decision-making model. Critics suggest it's too complicated for every day use, I disagree, it makes a great wall chart!
HaPPy HuMp Day, Everyone!... Weekend is almost here!
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars:]
Too smart and too experienced to be taken for a ride.
91 cappers with plays posted so far and no consensus yet from their picks with cons. fades ate 17-7-1 last 25..back in an hour
Austin please don't forget about about us Texan fans lol we will miss you!! :'( we love you!<3
Happy new year!!!! 2012 here we are:-) please be safe & responsible :-)
got to commerce, hustled some donks at WWF, played some good poker (#ftg), didn't sleep much, the end.
"I shall fudderwhack VIGOROUSLY" #Aliceinwonderland #exotic ;)
- #ThisAmericanLife and #RadioLab podcasts make every long walk & extended drive much more entertaining. Thank you
Making moves! Don't be stagnant! Call 410.513.9199 about our promo specials!
whoa! neighbor! xoxo
yes nxt Tuesday. :-)
Change yourself and your work will seem different
Wish I was there, too. Seriously. Instead I'm about to go exercise. Boo!
": if dunn hits for cycle, i'll dye my hair hot pink.like to see that happen
lol okay! I want to that right now but I'm so busy! lol Every time I talk to you, I think of Despicable Me!! lol
you're right. This spring is overdue for a dance party! Call Abby. She'd love to go out with you one night.
Window Design Center Joined the Green Building Alliance in the spring of 2011.
It is a beautiful night here in DC
At the hospital with Liv. Another reminder of them growing up ... Getting a test without you in the room.
a little AC? The Roses look hit today. Have a great broadcast. ON WIS!
MASH #QUOTE: Klinger: "I will remember all the good times, I will. I think there were three."
It is gorgeous!!
Everyday i think he will ask me '/.
The new iPad 2 typists seem to be doing a lot better than the first time users a year ago. Much more love for the virtual keyboard.
i'm so addicted to the 1940s census. weird, right?
Cheers to ! Happy birthday!
Speeding ticket+Busted Clutch+lost $200=One shitty Monday!!!
hell yes
She says I'm a
can Justin just perform so I can go to bed?
Oh, how excited are we for ? So very!
You got my vote.
Road trip!!
you just got props here at
For you, O Lord, are good & forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to all who call upon you. Psalm 86:5
I feel inspired
I wanna throw up, and pass out. #Fucktheheat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I need to just buy them all...easy download on the ole iPad
CandySwipe® Now Available for iPhone and iPad on the App Store!
thank you batman!!
Call us today and we can help you go ‘Green’ and start saving money!
Happy #internationalwomensday! To all the #indy women and women around the world!
haha. I'm just kidding my sister doesn't get off till 4:30.
Grrr… hand asleep
Thanks for the #FF this morning! We appreciate it. Have a great weekend!
one day she will learn!
Its so close to #glee time!!!!!
i love that Justin was online when Selena Is Our Love Song was trending...He knows we love her <333
I do tend to talk to myself sometimes :p lol kidding. When's your birthday?(:
18 and you?
WED Dinner Dessert Special:Lemon Ice Box Pie with Raspberry Coulis, Raspberry Sorbet & Fresh Vanilla Whipped Cream
Fat City Bitch. Fat Fat City Bitch Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinky Bitch. VIP Micky D's No Guest List
you probably wont follow, but its worth the try(; FOLLOW ME PLEASE AND THANKS!!
uh yeah! Lol
what's up my guy.....got another sleeper on my hands
Love coming to Michigan, we stay laughing & teasing. Family is the best.
These clips griz game is awesome. Great game 7
but it is frustrating when you know your team has the potential to be the best they can be but instead they bullshit around
Right now, as far as sales numbers go, there's that, the Hunger Games trilogy...and then everything else. ;-)
well, it could influence business owners, but doubtfully in the direction that those doing the busting up hope.
"Mark Cuban is a real nigga" -Lil Wayne
My grandma has not moved off that couch yet. I'm about to flip that shit over!
YUSSSSSS!!! I'm glad I'm not the only one that stans for YLM to save my life!!!
Next time
Tonight 6-9PM @ Jordan Faye Contemporary, 1401 Light St., B-more! Opening Reception of "The Salon Series" featuring Minku Kim '12
Don't go back to Rockville. You should never have stopped there in the first place.
Love to role play, you studyin to be an actress
haha I try to do that
raining day (:
OMG. I was thinking the same thing!!!!
over or under 92 wins for the Phillies this year?
would love to do one for higher ed. Got impression your Penn edcamp was for K12?
People are tired. And sick. Some are on overload. I recognize that 4 some the material isn't thrilling. I'll just keep tryin'.
If U spend your whole life waiting 4 the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. ~ Morris West
Sox's Peavy named AL pitcher of the month
"Congrats to Benjamin Hendricks Brownsburg, IN wins the Finish Line 500 Festival 5K!”
Off to #Bogota!
I was totally thinking cookies.
Involuntarily woke up at 5:45a on a Saturday. WHY?!
Thanks for the follow!
I'd rather see the #Cards hit the ball than get hit by it. Rangers' pitchers - just get it over the plate.
I'll text you when I get there tomorrow.
well I requested him. we will see what happens haha
First Christmas cookie of the season!
Turns out that "Pick on somebody your own size" is actually really terrible advice.
I heart Ira Glass. What a wonderful afternoon.
Can anyone recommend a good mobile car wash?
Don't let show you. She doesn't even know what she's doing. Btw when are you coming to visit me?
But I did whoop his 6ft. ass hoopin tonight
I don't care abt prestige (I work in helping professions) but am annoyed by the pressure to "find my bliss."
We are also patting you on the back! Greatly anticipating tonight's show at 9pm. There will be live-tweeting!
who said anything about getting engaged? Slow down, lady.
Tonight, we r young...well actually im young every night lol
Determination, patience and courage are the only things needed to improve any situation.
"I throw my hands up in the air sometimes saying aye oh where is Nando's?" #1Dcaptioncomp #1DVDforme :D
We are driving to New York. Give us a tweet and keep us company.
So you thought they were your friends, but they really weren't
I hope it storms today
You sure can.
this game doesn't count
yay! Glad you like.
Playing That Miami Fast Life... Shit Going So Hard!
done and done. Can't wait
Love hanging out with my girls! Ready to hit the bars :)
Excellent. You'll be in my thoughts.
TIMMAY! New shirts in this Sunday!
Courtney Dombroski talks about #rawconf, and the great feedback from faculty and presenters.
This year SPADE includes performances by GW Chamahk, Philippine Cultural Society, as well as 5 original dance works!
they call me home wrecker
i'm happy, that's all that matters.
My friend Derrick is making his debut as Mustafa on Broadway today. I'm ridiculously proud of him.
Ah get away i cant believe that i bumped into my ex he said he was sorry but i knew he didnt mean it
Well, we do love salmon and capers, but probably wouldn't want to drink them.
David thank you for your support of Early Intervention through the years.
When my boyfriend falls asleep on me I feel lost as fuck and don't know what to do. -_-
Today is Graduate Commencement at MICA! Congrats to all the new Graduate alumni!
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
FAA had to fix its navigational aid. Some planes need it some don't. Done - u should be flying shortly.
Work at 6!
People do the same thing on the bus, and it bugs me too.
what are you having tattooed on you?!
Sounds like u should read this blog called imboycrazy.com. She's a kick ass single chick who will tell u ur awesome as is.
Yeaaap Hoyas great work. Cincinnati will be tired tomorrow
Happy Cinco de Mayo. Have a good day o!
Thanking God its Friday, and thankful for a new day!!
hello your the best! Loving the work! You go! :)
Ima cook dinner again tonight I'ma b a good ass wife for my baby this summer :)
100 followers on #Instagram ! Thanks everyone! Follow me at :)
I really wanna go somewhere. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Bulls or heat tonight?!
Again, though, it takes time to get a pick into the top 50. Either that, or generally top 5-10 picks. Look at some top 50's
You took the tweet right out of my hand... RT : why you should never experiment w/ multimedia when pitching :(
Why is there a miss america but not a mr. America, gosh darnit all
I understand. We nailed it pretty quick. We didn't need to rehearse long. That scene will be awesome
IT'S TIME FOR JERMAINE DUPRI'S BIRTHDAY @ PLAYHOUSE RIGHT NOW!!!
Just met member of London 2012 org committee that told me Putin owns almost all land being used for Sochi. : can u confirm?!
dusting out the inside of my computer makes me sneeze
Taking a French class @ Yale University, ready to continue my global travels
Been a privilege watching you compete! You have a lot to look forward to, continue to Be Great!
I more <3
Monday you piece of shit.... I hate you... Goodmorning :)
Wa. I wanna stay at Chavez. If HE stays. If I find out he's leaving, I'll leave too.
my heart goes out 2 ppl who lost family&friends in 911. In my thoughts&prayers.2day give all ur loved 1s a hug-i did. b thnkful u have them.
I love Joe Boxer socks.
Good morning :)
The amazing diversity here in Ward 5 is shown right here in the room!
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Bring Snacks From Walmart! Lol
I wish I would have discovered series 9 combination polarizer filters before -so freaking beautiful. It makes clouds look like cotton candy.
And because im not a selfish azz...i follow back..hugz! RT now following
Yay 85 Followers. Awesome! Going to bed! Love you All! BTK OUT!
Are you ready for ABDC cant waitt to see you guyss!<3 #Its gonna be ICONic(;
Which classes are outside? I was thinking of a follow-up post since there really are so many around town! classinthecity
Ms. Ross
representing the ad department at tours in johnston hall with !
Man, I just looked at your AVI. You stood over by me most of the 2nd half. Sorry I didn't introduce myself.
"The U.S. spent $1.3 trillion in the ten years following September 11. On top of baseline military spending in excess of $4 trillion."
ANd the idea began in the south
What has this world come too when me nd my homies get called a nigger smdh
is kill'n it with the #SOTU!
Ah, Dad's great inspiration, "What other people think of you is none of your business." Freeing thought…Thanks Dad!
We would LOVE to have food. LOVE. But the hotel won't allow it. :(
I would lose my English notebook with all my stuff for my research paper in it .
Step On Yo Toes(that's what I call Sefolosha) WAY too strong!! Hahaaaaa
No, infield hit. RT : They didn't give Scutaro an error for the first play?
Holidays can only mean 1 thing for parents: children on vacation from school! How did you encourage your children to learn during holidays?
I'm just tired of all this. -_- and i need to end my rant haha.
rest assured that will be sleeping on the couch for a while.
Girls are more than tits.
Goal! USA 1, Mexico 1. Rogers (USA) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Shea.
Learn how to keep moving with physical therapist Ashley Umlauft tomorrow at our Spencer Branch Library. Information: 715-659-3996.
KG is playing like he's 25... who would have ever thought... anyhow I anticipate to see his name on some sort of "Mitchell" report by 2014
On a semi-related note, why is tweeting about former Ute hoop greats yielding me spammers peddling Russian brides?
Why does Miami have a persistent inferiority complex? Told that we were "bit bold" in calling Miami the "Epicenter of the Americas"
Haha RT : Eddie Money would not have been as successful had he have stuck with his original name, Eddie Food Stamps.
Man playing flash videos still kicks up the fans. When will it finally go away?
Instead of a resolution based on algebra, an explanation of the Goldbach Conjecture based on numbers is required. Check out my basic tables.
I guess in this case - yeah!
Just went over the protocol for entering the White House and meet Mrs. Obama.
In Chino court this morning. It's been a long time, this place has changed. More modern now.
Playing the Slowdown on the big side this Saturday! Only $8!!!
Joe says with utter conviction: A fronte praecipitium a tergo lupi - A precipice in front, wolves behind (between a rock and a hard place)..
Merry ChrismaChanaKwanza to all of you out there!!! From JTP rep Jo-Wayne!!! from G.I. to Worldwide!!!! and it dont stop!!! 2012!!! WOW!!!
Lack of common courtesy in our culture impacts workplace productivity, profits, and relationships.
Man, I LOVE 6AM launches. No...wait...
"The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places." --Ernest Hemingway in A Farewell to Arms
#Blazers G told me after the game that he's been battling tendonitis in his right knee for awhile. Been playing through it.
Staring at the fridge just wishing someone could cook for me
There's a friggin spider outside my house and I know for a fact it will sneak in!!! Eep!
Ready to get my day started. Going to have an eventful day!!!!
Im starving.
Heyy ppl this is a.k.a velia just wanted to say that my big sis is AWESOME and I love her!;D
oh my goodness ... i need help with these gauges they are getting to be a pain in the fucking balls !! :/
If anyone still wants to be apart of the next benefit: Arts for kids. DM us your email and we will keep you up to date!
I better get the job at Dairy Queen. #hopeful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thank you :)
I look like one of those rag dolls with X-stitches where my button eyes should be.
I think Derrick Williams could learn a lot from Paul Milsap. Same body type, similar skill set.
just listen for the code phrase "you look like a pumpkin bitch!"
Draft day....let's hope "Suck for Luck" doesn't turn into "Suck with Luck".
Tuesday evening's show has been moved. Luis and Jennifer will rejoin you on Wednesday for another Tech in Twenty episode. Cheers!
Happy Birthday to our intern Tudor!
#Google search engine launched "Disco" yesterday, a group texting app, perhaps a bit early considering reports of a few bugs.
glad you caught that!
If you have old Blogger blog, Google may lock it from you soon unless it gets put in a Google acct. (I just archived & deleted my old one.)
I was celebrating #420 before it was a thing.
Two of my followers right next to each other tweeting
ok,and that is true
Lmao now it want to come on again
- thank you for following us and RT our Vilsack presser info!
love that album!!!!
I don't know why he changed his music
Thank you, LMFAO for providing background music for every broadcast news story trying to pass itself off as "hip."
I actually really enjoy my background okay...
#Myraptureplaylist All These Things That I've Done by The Killers
Been a pretty impressive comeback here in the second quarter.
omg Ikr?? And then u go in the room and wait another 500!!
Twitter has helped me understand that celebrities good give a shit if the central east U.S. gets sucked up by a tornado
What is a khipu, you ask? A system of knotted strings used for recording histories, poetry, & census used by the Incas & ther descendants.
Drunk n loving it! I love my folks!!
I really loathe Megan. Preach, Peggy.
not me. I'm the one to say, "I told you so, you stupid idiot."
Perfect day to walk to work. Good morning, DC! Good morning, World!
Want another job
. Food consumed w/in premises of La Villita, Market Square, or along parade route is calorie free. 'Cause I said so.
17 And altogether Mahalaleel lived 895 years before he died.
36- i love your username and icon :] also zara is a really cool name, love it!! <U+2665>
No Man that does not see visions will ever realize any high hope or undertake any high enterprise. – Woodrow Wilson
What is kamara doing
I've thought about getting a tattoo but I never will
Y'all aint heard? You better start using protection, they got this shit called "K.I.D.S" going around.
Should have slapped her lol
I do get it. It's worth NOTHING at all so talk about something relevant. Something relevant.
Peep this; Check out Valleylife Radio on reverbnation.com! W.reverbnation.com/valleyliferadio
lmao I always lose
RT : "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." -Bill Cosby
Exactly ! hahah. Thats why google was invented :D
Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoul-stones removed.
You don't know me but I just finished penning article featuring u in upcoming I AM Modern Mag edition. U have fab #marketing story!
Dreary weather puts me in a jazz mood
Ehhh go away school :/
"The Avengers." Lou Ferrigno voices the Hulk in this film. He has played the Hulk in almost every live-action version since 1978.
Defintiely! RT : We decided to have a bit of fun. After all, #Museums are about fun
Can u Follow Me Back Please (: ?
Wow, it's a nice day to be outside reporting live.
yeah girl!
theres no way brace isnt drunk right now
Newly refined: #IRWRHNJ~Ignorant right-wing raisin-hearted nut jobs, who don't know the facts, hate to help others and hate those who do.
Howdy — and welcome! Now please explain Hopkins to me in three tweets or less!
": I LOVE weather like this!" I love YOU O_o...
Thanks so much for the RT - pretty interesting stats - hope you find them useful!
I have never had a bad experience in my years with Wells Fargo.
No matter how much you lie, the truth will always reveal itself..
keep your head up 06! You put your talent on film. Now leave it to God to work everything else out!
What are you doing to connect with your coworkers? #leadership Build #rapport with your colleagues! An essential
Bron at buzzer! This, my man, is why we name a burger in your honor.
no joke I was JUST brainstorming ways to go get a cone without moving my car from the library..
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Now if you could just take off your shirt, and your shorts, we'd be good xD
If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the up button.
wow blonde moment I was gonna be like "I wanna know someone with my name" wow :p
So sorry to hear about your friend!!! We're working hard to educate everyone including legislators about the dangers!
maybe it's time to get new ones.
What's good Ppl...
Ok, I've gotten 3 favorites and I made one Girls day better today....I'll do better tomorrow :/
I can think of at least one thing wrong with the name "Red Delicious" apples.
Going to sleep at 930 was a great idea
it was nice taking with ya tonight! Lol
ESPN MIKE AND MIKE
Feeling a little bit better. :)
If you love follow >> << PLEASE. And if you don't just follow hehe ;)
thanks for the shout out:)
Did you know we're doing the play?
Wade. Roof.
Falling victim to two evil Pied Pipers named Spring and Basketball. Go ! And Bucky!
Risk is a resource. Use it wisely, just like time or money.
dude that would be AMAZING! Keep me posted...
oh my god Leo. You're fantastic:)))))
Woo hoo! We can't wait to feed you. RT : think we're getting again today for lunch.
For the daddio who doubles as a history buff you can stop by and grab Selected Military Writing of Mao Tse-Tung
fun fact: i was born on mothers day on may 10, 1998. pretty awesome present huh? ;)
Saw "Midnight in Paris" but was thrown after the credits when Samuel L. Jackson tries to recruit Woody Allen for the Avengers.
Cory Buckley -- Happy Birthday to a key player in Farmington!!!
is in need of an Analog Design Engineer for Philips in Bothell, WA. If you know anyone who may be interested, have them contact me at joe.…
Hey tweets!
Anita Tijoux's 1977 on deck today. I don't understand Spanish, but this is bangin'!
Love is a suicide.
1. Prepare to feel scared and lonely. Career moves can often involve loss of stature and financial stability.
Nene is my bitch!
In Vegas bout to hit LAVO!!
I miss reading Jake's tweets.
Call me maybe? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
How is er buddy?!!:D I'm so board right now!!
Good night all.
Lunch hour w/ session on museum mobile strategy. Looking at you, ;)
thanks for following me, good luck to your sister in law in the Nat Geo competition & for plugging women in science.
Congrats! That's some achievement! :)
Oh and that's Demings, not Demmings...That last name is almost as tricky as and not Eric Webber!
okay I'm turning around for ya
Just reached 500 followers!
I'll be in the Queen City Memorial Day weekend. Just a heads up, sir.
those guys are too creepy for me
Warned you all last night on MJNA!
Why do people go to foreign cities and eat in USA restaurants anyway? Dont bother with Roma find Italian buds and go to Olive Garden!
When people that have the same name as me follow me for no reason.
Intermission -"East of the Vineyards" by Susan Klein. Oh, she is an even better #storyteller than I remembered!
If only my high school teachers could see me now. Devouring books like a champ!
thanks , I love you too !
What Makes You Beautiful was playing during a passing period, so I obviously sang and danced along
I know....u can't even text back :p
wat do i say about what?
#OneThingIDontLike is a freeloading, smoke all your Kush nigga!!! Never buys, just wait on you to roll...
Helo you look good
So, am I the only one who wishes The Artist could have starred Phil Hartman?
0% of Americans start info search at lib website, compared to 1% in 2005.
YOU GUYS, COFFEE.
Just spotted 1979 Pat Smear on the train. Dude looked really pissed off about something.
Got my fingers crossed that MTV gives us the first ten minutes of #TeenWolf today. Make sure to RT their last tweet if you haven't yet. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
unloading 3 finished paintings today. Pictures to come soon.
RT Thanks for dinner! So good! THANK YOU!!!
ohh no!!! Whatchadoin in the dark cheeks?
follow me please??? & Leigh0320?? :,(
Stats don't record highlights, sorry Clippers. suck it
Hey Twit world. Haven't been on in a while. Been seeing the sights and traveling like crazy! Nonetheless, I miss y'all! #StillTeamJanet&Mike
Thats pretty much what I'm like when riding in the back seat
Getting ready for another #Plastic pollution workshop in Berlin MD with Grow Berlin Green!
Just when you thought you've smelled the smelliest hobo.
i loved it...and i miss you.
I'm not gonna lie I miss you, but what can I do about it?
#imissyouwhen...well never
#Truth x
Sweet! Just bought my ticket for in Boston! :D
any chance I get in on that lab action?
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Rally rally! RT : Time for rally caps, #sfgiants fans
OH: "Enterprises have no business in the electronic identity space." Cloud wins.
Did Woody Harelson really just walk into this movie...?
I am reading your book right now. My mom read it today & passed to me. We knew the Carey side of your family. (Jean/Al etc)
yoo my dads driding your epic video
No, we're not! I wanted to. That's a sick lineup, but I won't be able to make it. You going?? --Brian
happy birthday <33 i love youuhh
I don't like the guy but Santorum emerged as the true Romney alternative in the loopiest primary in history. He should be content with that.
Sorry Felix x) LOL whats your team again?
Lakers should just run pick and roll with Kobe and Pau the rest of the game.
I wish they would have seen this episode before recording the reunion!
By Chaotica, you take that back!
it's classic. one of the best videos that's gonna be out bro.
Hm im so cool I tweet about people on twitter
We only do gluten free and lots of special orders for dairy free/egg free treats. We make everything to order, so easy to do!
thank you also ; ) Love that game, btw.
A pedicure, a massage chair & a glass of wine. Ahh wonderfulment...Yes it's my new word & definition.
hope you are ok!
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
will pass along a MAJOR and concert announcement at noon!
you are cracking me up. Love the hot-cold. I will have to stop reading your tweets or dinner will not get done.
Ah that I didn't know, but I want to hit him in the face for that RT GLEEK!!
Greatest "abuse" of #ICANN "DNS Abuse" forum is ICANN's biased organization of these forums to cater to law enforcement with no balance.
ok sounds good
#Class #actions are here to stay. They started about 800 years ago.
I miss you how have you been we havent talked in a while
Done and retweeted.
How can BHL reach secondary students? Show good roots. Model process. Reveal messiness.
Booking flights all over this land!
Were there any songs on trespassing you didn't love at first but then grew to love?
Open for Breakfast and Lunch - Monday through Friday 7 am to 4 pm at 723 S. University. Ya know, in Bonnie Brae! Come over!
Accept that your content will be picked apart.
Fish City Grill with my wonderful children Anna and Carter
Hello, I'm your fan I follow them back .. I love you too
If I broke the fan, it wasn't my fault, blame yourself sir
Obviously "Sweet Melissa" by the Allman Bros. Likely the only song to START with the word 'crossroads.'
Ecstatic music festival opening marathon. Starts soon.
But most importantly, Happy Mothers Day to the woman that is most important in my life <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
big bruh I just hit you up.
NASHVILLE TENNESSEE!
S/O to my
Same here! It's ridiculous. Even though I know what they don't it still affects me!
I sit by myself talking to the moon. Tryin to get to you. With hopes your on the other side, talkin to me too. Or am I a fool?
At a country club.....I feel fancy.
i like they're accents son that shit sexy
Yes! This bus driver is like a cruise director. He tells us what's at each stop. Awesome!
This sol is about to be taken seriously.
maybe, Mr. Conspiracy Theorist on the AM radio is claiming the panning of it was deliberate sabotage attempt to hide ”the truth”
happy brains, happy brains! never thought this would happen to bob ross!!!
I miss you baby.
Just printed my boarding pass to the time machine taking me back to age 16 for the weekend.
Woah. Maybe Capps wasn't warming up because they knew it wouldn't be a save situation?
So beautiful today <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Preserving information of our digital world is shown in The Inner Light where Picard's inherits the archive of a civilization
Me MYSELF and I
So.....who's going to #Dreamz on Wednesday?????
#2012c19 Lloyd Pratt asks me to tweet the fact that he is now talking about Twitter. Meta.
how about Match.com/mikeporter ?
My friends hate me for no reason. Only ONE likes me .
why you got yo tweets unretweetable
We had a boat captain in my #pathfinder game named Jared, he had overlarge pants and told people to eat meat between bread.
I can relate to a lot of the characters that Ginnifer Goodwin portrays.
I jumped off the high dive & pretended I couldnt swim. So my buddy could steal the life guards girl when he jumped in after me
you are hilarious...seriously?
So tired of the same ol shit-hey if u ever feel things arent gonna change it probably isnt
Cereal without milk is sad.
Finally done packing
": Best session of the weekend! #Mom2summit " No better compliment, thanks!
Luckily the traffic doesn't spill over to my end of the Highland Park Neighborhood. Good luck!
MediaProCamp will be on Sat @ 9am @ Lawrence Tech. and held in the Buell Management Building in Room M218. Free parking will be in Lot C.
We hope to see you this Friday Jordan! :)
Dishes should be cleaned every morning before I leave for work, and put away in the evening when I get home.
#NewYearsEve Countdown: 4 days! We hope to see you at Grazie's #NYE2012 party!
As long as it's not a clout upside the back of the head...
Why? To hear more LIES!?!?!!
we miss you! Next time me and do this you should come too!
loving it!
Really now RT : All of Towson is in the library lol.
I just replied from my blog twitter d'oh! let me see if my mom's willing to watch the baby on Wed... she watches her all day...
would love to talk to about doing a video for your website?
just now gettin home. fuck the F train
I hear out a month. Unfortunate, wish you the best my friend.
I can't wait till 's Ustream!(:
I totally forgot and there's no way I can get off
Primer on Cal football: 1. They're from California. 2. They play football. (Whew, I know, I had no idea, either. Thank God for Wikipedia.)
Uh oh. Does know? You might have to pay a tax or something to him to be there.
i love your singing
I discovered today that in the event of an earthquake, I should really be around someone who knows what to do.
yeahh. so jealous(;
Wher I live is cool though, its 75 degrees. So is that outdow hydro??
On today's SAT Q of the D, just choose your own words for the blank and then look for the choices that match.
your welcome!(:
Today's my mommy's 40th birthday!! :)
Our Resident Social is tomorrow from 6-8 PM at ! Mingle with neighbors while enjoying complimentary appetizers and drinks!
#OffWorkShawty 2 girls & 1 George. Hey, who pinched my ass!!?? (Pointing at each other) Fuck it, let's go drink!!
I cannot wait to have my bed back .
I lobbied for Mal (Malcolm) for X, but was shot down.
if it went dead charge it yo with your charger.
Bout to clock out and head home my job never ends going home to be a mommy and get paid with love the best money ever
[steps out, slowly slides foot back into position] that's how much I like it!!
RT : Rainfall rate in Carlsbad 3/4" per hour. . .that's going to create some minor flooding
That fight between rich & angel doe !!!! >>
bahahaha. What had happened?
Santorum scares me because of his imposing of religious views on the nation to govern and interference with women's reproductive rights.
What's good with you? You trying too give a inspiring artist some advice?
RT : Every day, millions of Americans face a crisis when they or a family member needs long-term care services.......
hey i texted you?
Wow...that was amazing
Yeah, put that guy to work.
AP Spanish Language test tomorrow ;_;
you said you're supposed to eat food not people & I said what if I still get full eating someone?...
haha it will b ok she still has to mind
omg! Thanks for the follow! Means a lot! I would also love it if u could ask ur amazing wife to follow me as well!!
P's gonna show up—watch.
Me-"Gotta get my homemade fly swatter" Stepdad-"Your fairy salt water? What?" hahahahahaaa
No..what flowers? lol
Don't let them get you down. You're a huge inspiration to me! Don't you forget it!
It will be next week during REAL Easter. Tomorrow is a practice run.
Girls shirt in front of me says "went on vacation, left on probation"
yea wtf was that about? Just when I thought people couldn't get any stranger.
The legacy of the #ANC is the legacy of the people of South Africa and supporters across the globe!
God Bless you as well brother
Settling in after work and watching Zuck talk about the facebook overhaul, while I wait for my
after this test im gone sleep in the car
No snow here... so hopefully warmer temps. Send of some sun-drenched Spain when you get there, will ya? x
Just picked up these weird throat numbing things and just my luck, my cheeks and tongue are numb and my throat still kills. fml.
its my crippled daddies birthday :)
": Follow me on instagram "I have wbu follow me
I gatta lead sing for GRADUATION .... Sucks too Be' me!!!
Allergy or flu...feel too crappy to tell the difference. If a zombie attacked now I don't think I would do more than say 'thanks'
haha I know(: it was hilarious I did 2 times cause it was so funny(;!
Hi, Mrs. Westcott!!
New Costume Wicked Widow Wig
Well I have a wedding to go to...</spite> I mean, yaaaaaay! :)
hope you are ready to party man!!
Hahaha, let's go!
Might not go to spaced tomorrow :c
Subliminally tweeting me? Smh yea childish. Just say whatever you need to say to me BRITTANY! No need fa subliminals mami! #UR WORDS
Is it a bad sign that I have a pair of Gmail tabs open composing different emails?
and I'm not there????? How did I get left out of this meeting by the water with breakfast?
Mac D'Alessandro: I have a prob w/ deference for deference's sake. Why should Trayvon Martin have been deferential to George Zimmerman?
not true I'm here. No arrests
In bed (tweeting) with a horrible migraine while I have a blog post, article and exam due tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
The new Google+ iOS app is very well done. I'm impressed with Google's aesthetic--not something they're generally known for.
welcome 2 twitter follow
...which is where my problem lies. Thanks for the help!
not yet but might have to make one
I'm going to try it in Ghave. It might be awful but Ghave is a good mana sink for this sort of effect
It's Derby Day. I need to sound like an expert on horse racing. help me out!
mary wollstonecraft comes to mind
And in other FML news, Dan Gadzuric re-signs with the Bucks! RT : Brewers Sign Claudio Vargas
Gregory loves the #GOP remember Yellow journalism? I do & if you don't google it!
Me too Juliana! Thank you so much for been here! Wishing you a magnificent weekend!
noo im walking around now haha
Seems early for cottonwoods.
sounds like a bit of bipolar disorder :( loves <3
You in NYC?
A big thank you to the staff of for finding my wallet and returning it to me before I noticed I even dropped it! Great service!
Where's the best prime rib place in Seattle?
my tongue “: I can unhook your bra with 2 fingers ;) RT if you can't unhook your bra with one hand you're weird”
15yo son forgot he was dwnlding porn on his phone went off to shower left volume on high np for the whole house to hear
Coincidence is when God chooses to remain anonymous- cheers to our coincidences in life
Thanks for the follow. You guys do great work!
I would really, really love a day off without rain.
Just got an awesome new mug thanks to I love it !!!
RT : Use Lunch break efficiently. Get in & out quickly, $7 Lunch Menu 8 different sliders to choose from plus a side. 11 to 2:22
has substituted cake for several meals this week
Hey can you HELP ME get #FOLLOWERS I WILL GIVE YOU A SHOUTOUT AND FOLLOWBACK!!!!
finally following me!! About time!!! Hope you're doing well!
Goodbye pork pie hat playing in Starbucks at the IMU...
zenned out from a dreamy facial at Whole Body Health
In sri lanka /meeting some interesting theater-makers.. headed to jaffna on wednesday — any recommendations?
Just got a million boxes. It is now apparent to me how much I need to do before the move! Oh crap...
Do you go out of your way to learn about your habits, relationships and strengths?
And I can guarantee, it ain't 40 virgins awaiting that piece of %#%. It's Glenn Beck 24x7.
One work week knocked out the way
"Man imposes his own limitations; don't set any." Bailey
jaja you're still an original
I swear it's not me:/ and I don't think it's kayden either but this is just so stupid >~<
Thank you, my friend. Start thinking about your heroes or heroines!
Hey twitter world. I want to get into Zappa. Seems daunting. Which albums are a good start?
Dear old couple on the train, you 2 are adorable. You look so happy together. I want that.
Awesome Lizz! Good for you... glad that part of it worked out for you. I wish you the best with everything else.
I just went to the concert. I don't even have any words to express my elation right now.
So sad RIP #ChrisMadrid best burgers in SA
Thank You Justin for everything you've done for me. And congratulations on #20millionbeliebers. You deserve it so much.
Thanks. Was fun!
I might kiss you too boy ;) I'm a fantastic kisser. Make you beg for more hehe
Why do people keep unfollowing me? D:
Yeah, I translate that as Nagas in Per-Isis(The house of Isis)
Pencil in Saturday, October 27, 2012, for the 3rd annual !!!
Eating at cheddars with the family :))
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
So excited to read this novel!
lol you and 1million other girls!.. if he ever comes to the town I got you all day.
do u a cell phone where I can call u
Teen dating needs to be investigative and it is the responsibility of adults to teach this!
Art n Ale. Love it “: Like 2 draw or just want to talk art? SKETCH!club tonight at 7pm. Pop in for a pint, & draw a spell!”
I wasnt supposed to be out like that.. Ever. I'm not sure what even happened to us
Watching 's keeks all day while home sick<3
tonight at Linnemans with Lady Cannon. I have to spread the good word and save my voice for tomorrow at the Alehouse
The lighting world especially.
my whole iPad usage/experience relies heavily in #flipboard ... I love it.
haha nice try but no...it fits in ur purse
Hi ~ we LOVE your books!!!
What r the green patches coaches r wearing on their sleeves?
REMEMBER THE KETCHUP!!!
My bestie and I had the brunch. It was great!
's smile is cute and everytime I see him smile I get butterfly's <3
I hate to admit it but the reason they hate you is because of us
Its not hard to make me happy, That little thing did it. :3
's tweets right now are the poster child for
Smooth as a baby- #shoutout to European Wax Center <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Congrats on your first tweet! Keep them coming! :-)
Just saw a spider the size of my palm roaming my room! #itsthetruth #don'tmove
Missed the sunday run to attend a track meet. Hard to make up the lost miles but managed 38 for the week.
Thx 4 sharing thoughts & reminding us why we r so crazy to run a film fest. if ur ever in #SanDiego, pls shout out
lol I'm having a blast but I miss you too
"There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered."Nelson Mandela
Develop business relationships with non-competing businesses in the same field
OF COURSE I WANT IT OMGOMGOMG
“: 45% of dollar bills have been in a stripper's g-string.” Who was the one who had to figure this out?? Creepy.
she stole your man!
Incredibly grateful for all my friends. Even though today mostly involved some disappointment.. God helped me find a reason to be thankful!
Lessons learned #2: Be there all year for your customers.
Then we need to get you & the family (if said family exists) down to Beirut & Malta in 14 months. Are you game?
Join tonight for Fri Night Drinks X Bar in Century Plaza Hotel from 7 to 10. Fun social mixer for TV & film writers!
Hello My Loves C:
Started my 500 brisket last night, it'll be done before we go green I'll keep it off my Menard shirt, I promise!
Ok guys. The real reason Paradise is pushed back is because that's the day me and Cody are getting married. Sorry.
Next week is Teacher's appreciation week. Who was/is your favorite teacher?
I'm not talking to strangers :] Christian was in her music video for "Pour It On Sweet" you should follow her, though :]
I will be speaking on Geospatial Data Licensing at 1400 today.
Thanks for the visual.
Right on - I'll let you know what I think!
she said i kno u, but u dont kno me...ok!
I like your icon
After 5 years or so finally taking an editorial hatchet to the (brochureware) content on our website. Does anyone have a giant magnet?
have fun at the Thunder Run. I bet it will be pretty sweet. See you tonight!
true. Also I got it for Christmas. Lol. So yeah as long as its priced similarly I'll be happy. iPad HD or whatever Tomm too.
I'm your firewall then. I blocked more pill pushers today. One guy's pic was a waist up nude, haha. Was that wrong?
it's so awesome to see your + 's work come together!!! i'm excited to help out w/ it eventually.
yeah kinda feel they hate on the valley for no reason. I don't see a lot of dumb money in the deals that actually matter.
Excited for when #JustinBieber's music video for #boyfriend gets on YouTube so I can watch it like over and over again aha #leggo <3
never get another chance to live.
. Well maybe I'll try to be an early adopter on this front. I have acts with BK and gLatitude, just need to start using 'em.
This political debate reminds me that I'm an ex-Mormon (I was 12), and know a thing or 2 about the cray-cray.
I'm bored.
We do, were introduced through the SF crew. Seems like you're never in the bay area anymore!
One on my cats does that with pipe cleaners. She'll bring it to me and beg for me to throw it.
I'm in Jamul, by Steele Canyon, soon to be moving to Coronado. Where are you?
the peanut butter and jelly cookies were amazing
why?If parents are giving their children love and a caring environment why does it matter what gender they are? Love is love.
we're getting opposite here in Cali
Feeling a bit #restless? “Thou hast made us for thyself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it finds its rest in thee." St. Augustine
RT New Obama Slogan: Change You Can Monitor Closely From a Safe Distance
I still wanna go to the auto show before it ends. I aint been since I was in drew..
My near-immediate reaction to the trailer was "Oh, it's Prey."
NET NEUTRALITY IN JEAPORDY?its about freedom of access-US Senate check out SJ Res 6-wants to eliminate FCC open rules-is anyone watching?
ramping back up onto this thing. to tweet or not to tweet: an enduring question.
#FF We so appreciate you always passing along our event info! Love our Local Tweeters!
me too. it'd be the best diet ever.
Hi, send me some more details about your wine shipping question to . I'll try to help. Thanks, Carl.
Listening to Bossypants by Tina Fey as I walk through campus. I can't not laugh. Aka I look like I have voices in my head. #weirdlooks ha!
dosent work out at all he just pretends at the gym
Hell yeah!!! Going to the game with :) gonna have so much fun
You should see lots of them, they're pretty much unavoidable! Thanx for plugging my site, —
RT : I quit Twitter in protest until they get their stupid link-posting error fixed.>>The clients work (tweetdeck/seesmic)
Thank you for the #ff! Happy Friday to you.
ooh I thought u fell down a well and was trapped 4
Mahalo to for signing the proclamation for the YLD of for next week's #Lawweek!
Madison Pharmacy Associates >> the first Wisconsin pharmacy to be awarded PCAB accreditation for quality and safety.
Yes! RT Creativity is randomness turning into patterns
So far, "Woman Don't You Cry For Me" is my favorite. Instrumentals are kickin.
Awkward...If Komal and I are wifeys and you're her beta...what does this mean?
100 years ago today, a comic told a joke on stage, got NOTHING, and responded with "what, too soon?"
Somebody just asked m: "are you what I think you are?"
hah oh well :p
I don't believe that is what irony actually means
Wow, what a tag -- #OSUOCIOLT! We could make it more dashing wish something like #OSU-OCIO-LT ... oh, wait, that makes it longer.
I love how u talk shit but can't do shit
I think that #BlakeGriffin might be a little hit overrated, it seems that all he does offensively is dunk, albeit he does that very well.
Orientation Sessions for First Time Burners Burning Man is not your typical festival … not by a longshot. If you ’re a first timer, you
#thanks so so much #shoutouts by to ya to hun
I'm just packing bowls on bowls.
It's telling that top results in Goole search points to Wikipedia entries for anything I care about. Easy heuristics. The rest is shit.
I'm going to take my hubby out to dinner tonight. Date night.
It's easy to wish for change and talk the talk, but to be the change you need to walk the walk.
Bronner brother hairshow today....ewww...check me out in the Hotlanta book...
Can't wait for Jordin Sparks! RT: Guess who just made plans to go to NKOTB/BSB tomorrow night???
Well arent you just a badass!
Good Luck!!
not sure what your message meant.
You two are the best <3 Thank you!
Bumpstart 6 layout review and coffee with Mr. Talley this weekend.
If you argue with an idiot, after a while it is hard to tell who the real idiot is
what? the Vince Lombardi Trophy only weighs 7 pounds?
I perpetuate my own stunts.
a little only cause its modern
Hahah you're right. That must be it :)
nothin better than new contacts!
Thanks! Glad you like it. Any APIs you'd like us add? Feedback is always welcome to ^MB
#FF the amazing fan-based Zombie indie
He looks damn good in a suit. I'm comfortable saying that.
No matter how much #oomf has hurt me I choose to still like them. I care enough about them so their actions never change how I look at them.
Jay, how was the surgery? I hope for a quick recovery time.
we want to hear it so fucking bad! Release a song you guys x)
its awesome , congrats
RT The baptists need to pray hard Sunday morning before the game.
Its hotter than da devils big toe
Did Barkley really just say "Memphises"?
I think we're on the same train! Happy birthday!
Went from being in a really bad mood to a really good mood. :)
Finally da electricity is back on but Imma go hit up Denny's while my house warms back up!!
Always creative ideas during coffee w/ !
Wow, there's an app for everything! Thanks for the rec!
Chelsea really screwed up, whats going on there ?
Was it just me or after the show iCarly they gained more fans It means theres more directioners!! That means moreinfection :D isnt it great?
Im a leader doe , follow me on twitter hoe !!
- we're seriously considering it after spending 3 days trying to wipe my system from a virus
Thank you!(:
speaking of peanuts, they give out pretzels now! That makes me upset as I like peanuts not pretzels
omg its awesome its like chocolate! (:
Chapter 2012 Page 86 of 366 Grateful for all the Earthly angels God has surrounded me with...you know who u are!
: when GE makes 5 billion a year and pays no taxes there is a problem.
Today is a GREAT day to be GREAT! Go Pack Go!
Thanks for the RT :)
I jack off in books and give life to words
Blast-off was good. did a fantastic job. Def a solid evening.
How is Google better? Are you an Android fan, and why? Or why not?
why thanks! we'll see how it goes :)
welcome back to America, I guess. Nobody explored Japan the way you did for us.
nigga do you announce play by play for the heat?lol
I understand and we really do and I really miss you a lot and we have some major catching up to do!!!
Q2) Yes. Learning is easily accessible.
And I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues.
And he stood there like the house by the side of the road
CATlanta we in here
I will tell that you want to work with her. How about ?
Have you heard of the 90:9:1 rule of Active Lurking?
Define for yourself really specific goals
I do NOT hope your music is going well, I know it and trust it. Big hugs backatcha.
#Compliment omg so ggaawwggeess C; lol we havent talked in forever ")
The essence of all things is invisible to the eyes but not the heart
How did it go? "One year and we're still here," ain'a?
The Isley brothers "busted" has me dying laughing right now...always gonna be a classic to me !!!
lol just screen print jerseys r out
How can you waffle on your position on gay marriage? I`d say there`s not much gray area.
Attended 's senior discovery day today and got me a scholarship:) GREAT day!
ah yes - morale! precisely why i wander around with my banjo...
Great game this weekend for the Houston Dynamo!!! It was a picture perfect day to open the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
You know who would probably fail the GED Test? The guy who thought good ad placement for GED Testing was on Words With Friends.
I'm going to miss it. I was just talking about the board about 15 minutes ago. Enjoy!
I love you (:
Let's get back to 1k followers team
ha. I'm definitely going to check it out next time I patronize the red and white retail outlet. I'll take pics.
oh hecks yes you know it. Mac's the only way to go
I need to leave my day job and come work with you!!
and I are finally hitting the road. We're on our way to !
Desire without effort is just wasted ambition!
Really? Works for me :) Using Chrome? Referers turned on?
Thoughts on returning to Colts complex
I've officially lost all patience for people who don't show up to rehearsal prepared
Congrats to Ferru. Brutal for Nico.
“: well fuck yall too. ill get high by myself”lol stressed
It can't hurt that bad! You just have to take it like a man! #YOLO ;D
Happy OBL KIA Day! (gloating is fair compared to Bush's "Mission Accomplished" carrier landing 8 yrs too soon)
btw I agree with you in principle. I'm just out of touch. Partly in reaction to DH former job w T m Z. Ugh.
omfg f u
Definitely dropped my phone in the toilet....
To another staffer on the Annapolis shuttle! With no regard for the fact that other people could *hear* him.
We are excited to have volunteers from on our campus today helping spruce up the grounds! Thank you!!
haha boy do i wish!!!! Is that ur occupation
Cold and bored bad combo
your the BEST girl out there, i cant wait till tomorrow :D M U A H!
Wanted to send an e-mail toward your marketing department for a potential video pitch. What's the best e-mail to send to?
If you are in the mood for something healthy, try Veggie Heaven, Flying Falafel, or My Fit Foods. We'll get it to you in around 45 mins!
It's alot of coonery on the Expressway today! Dudes getting out of their cars hollering at females walking like they won't get ran over!
#MISSYOUMOMMA R.I.P. Ruby Jewel Eldridge
are you going to be at the show both days or just 1?
I'm out to network
You'll still always be my best friend.
Smuttynose Pumpkin, Troegs Dead Reckoning, Original Sin Cider, North Coast Old Rasputin, tapped today,...all for you.
webseries webseries webseries :) but I agree, I do miss seeing you as a cook...
#with the space
If you follow me, I think I will suddenly not be sick anymore. I'll be, like, PERFECTLY HAPPY :)
ENJOYING DOING NOTHING FOR ONCE
Thx for the mention
Exactly. I'd be totally on-board -- even with the odd mix of eccentric and steady -- if not for it being decaf.
And had the nerve to change the rule a year later. Shaun King should have a ring!
wah wahhh RT : Apparently Bacon Bacon broke down on the road
The key to a great salad- salt and pepper.
WSOP Main Event #s looking good. I registered at 4:30pm for 1D - as of that time, 1662 registered for Day 1D. 6169 entrants so far...
Bikes4Tacos? that'd be a trade made in heaven. especially since we have a rad old-school-taco-seasoning lentil taco spice mix.
After a 60 hour week, I am having a well-deserved grapefruit crus
lol are you ok talk to me
yeah. That dude is practically Linvincible...
@ kroger wit loafing
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity. -B.R. Ambedkar
so jealous!
i got dared to use a passafirer tomr all day dureing school so geart bhaha ...............NOT
Gracias for the RT. Give Carson a high paw for me. Hope you and Nat are well.
So happy to see the pull out such a gutsy win! No team needs the all-star break more than the Nuggets
More like, get ready for a whole lotta weird.
The 5 Best States for Start-Ups Start-ups and small businesses are the lifeblood of America. In 2009, there were no fewer than 50 millio
good morning, muncie. you're looking quite awful. let's get today over with shall we?
#SHEENROAST Best thing since sliced bread.
I live in a shoe with too many kids and I swallowed a fly!
It makes me think they have something delicious in back that I don't know about.
Let's see your #FlopOfFame photo submissions! Use the hashtag! Bonus points if you're wearing an NBA jersey!
I can't believe I'm actually going to pull an allnighter for fucking Psych exam. ugh.
I don't care real shit I'm fucking chezzed I didn't write shit and I just seen that know
Thanks, Mark. And thanks for your informative webinar!
#quotes The goal here is to build a brand around social relevance in media (with his Participant Productions company).
RT : Just because youll do something for some people doesn't mean they're willing to do the same for you.
bigger than big time
yes! And I think that as a Xicana, there's an intimacy that words spoken is Spanish bring up that English just can't..
BB are one of my favorite groups ever, I'm truly sad he is gone...
I'm probably the worst girlfriend
$17 Estate Planning Package. Completed by local top rated law firms. Contact us for details: www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
How's everyone's #Wednesday looking? We've got $3 Microbrew Pints today so we'll have a bar full have happy patrons!
JR for the win. RT I heard it took you guys a long time to 'craft' those Dennis Farina shirts
thanks Matt. Appreciate it.
For some reason... jelly beans taste better this year than they ever have before. Ever.
Leachman with her insanely foul mouth was the only entertaining part.
Anyone else smiling as they consider 's thoughts on his endorsed candidate supporting a giant pride flag?
yes you have PLENTY of time! :)
Great ideas are those that the only thing that surprises us is that no one thought about them before. Mabel Iam
hard times make a nigga strong
You are hitting lots of hotels today!
What we do in life, echoes in eternity!!
Yo soy de Mexico <3 :D
Hiya Preston! Gonna be a good party tonight!
well I thought I was atleast gettin to the special level :p beats me haha..... So am I ?
no u dnt
Can't wait to see the pictures from !!
You can call it a waist bag all you want, but its still a damn fanny pack!
Top 'o the morning to y'all Happy St. Patrick's day to you.
I think he should eat a lizard on the mound when he enters the game for intimidation or to make the batter queasy.
R Marvelous Re-tweeters.
Waiting to hear about the funding, but I hope to...
Heading a little north for a health class this evening. Hope it's worth the drive. :)
cool =D
Fabrics N Things Inc Chicago Fashion Show Coming Up Soon
I don't know any rumors about u, I haven't seen any pics or videos of u, I don't talk trashy like that & I'm sorry about the hacker spam!
I'm at #Dell building 1 meeting w/ one of my favorite HRBP's Namit Srivastava. So kind of him to help me out!
Which installation is the naked homeless guy taking a dump a part of?
I've been dying to get a reply from you! I'm your Boston covergirl, please notice me iloveyou
will do and let's catch up soon!
Thanks homie!! Salute!
Congrats on the acquisition-excited to see new things ahead.
Aw You Went Back Home??
I hate not having my phone...
Thanks! Just a house show, but out of town is nice.
Fabulous Football yesterday.....Orange Crushed.....What will happen today???
the faster I see u tweet... the more I think you're some 40 year old dude naked in your mom's basement
Welcome to
RT : MKE!! Did you know ur local SBDC offers help for both starting and existing small biz? Give us a call....
whuuutt? Twitter's being a bitch?
My mother heard your voice today and said you sound like Eartha Kitt, she ran into the bedroom to see what I was watching
At the radio station Putin in work..
Love you too!
*minuscule not miniscule
I have a desperate need for a strong Sales Admin for a pet client on the West side. A bit out of my niche but I love this company. Help!
Haters:having anger towards everybody reaching success =^__^=
you should totally dress up as nutella and surprise vincent ;)
Hey will u make me a jersey that says #IBelieveThatWeWillWin with the number 1 please :)
I know! :D thats like jesus giving you a high five!
if I won the lottery I'd share it with you.
had in my hand then decided not to buy: inflatable monkey.
Oh, here's something super-funny. Just leisurely strolling my way thru the rss, loving the posts, no biggie. And...
"He bends down and grips at the street-curbing, as if to hurl it"- THE HARY APE
Thank you! Our history is interesting indeed :-)
:( I hope he or she gets better!
Our first board meeting is today! Exciting milestone for us.
Getting back in the swing of things after my trip
#DMV FOLLOW DA 434'S BEST PARTY PROMOTER HE'S BACK ITS THE WAX!!! WHADDUP
Thanks! RT : Just bought tickets for on July 21. This is becoming an awesome annual tradition.
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny
Follow us on #INSTAGRAM <U+E011>
done! Will you please LIKE my Facebook page: Tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
Wish someone can cook me breakfast for a change!
Heading out soon for and some unplugged inspiration!
Loving the live concert stream on iTunes right now. Still convinced he's the one.
Sure he needs to make it to MSG“: will close the show on YES at 6:25pm with a clip from Aug 2009 of Mike and Pete Fornatale.
Doing a beautiful hike at marin headlands!
Also, Wade was 4/11 at the line...
You all stocked up on the "Louisville doesn't exist" gear again? I need to stop in soon.
Time to celebrate all Naples has to offer - The News-Press
Watching the pilot episode of #Smash. I. Love. This.
hello friend. It's Alex on my sister's account! :D
#13MillionBeliebers <U+2665> Thats Amazing Love You ! You deserve this!
nickname in college plus
When you think lifes bad till you see someone who has it worse than you..... Be grateful.
It's nice if you have kids, though--good playgrounds, schools, great public library. But otherwise, yes, it sucks.
All I ever wanted was a follow from or I wld the happiest person if I woke up&saw a follow!
I would really dig it if you guys played "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
I Think Well There All Good I Don't Know #3 Yeah
did you break your month dry spell?
Better get suspended for that...
The problem here is how they tear down the old buildings to build new ones - erasing our history in the process. Frustrating.
nah can't be doing all that, lol.
I'm not exactly what you'd call a 'huggy' person, but every time I see an interview with Guillermo Del Toro I want to bear hug the guy.
you still at Mija? I'm out, might stop in for a drink!!
Cuzzin.....if u not sippin actavis or at least sum hi tech red!!! #uaintreallysippin ..try again
Well you better start praying! LOL!
I will be in love for as long as I live, for music will not go away.
We would love to play in Holland! Hopefully sooner then later! Help us spread the word there!
wait - what is that?
: Next time for sure -- I had no idea they had homemade ones...yum!
Our Summer Music Festival begins on JUNE 1st! Ready?
So, the President is visiting Ohio State today...
Who wants to be my Valentine and bring me Dion's?
u a sexy ass white girl i swear
you know me too well :)
The NLT Show tomorrow, Ustream 6pm. We'll play some songs, give away stuff, and show you how we made our first record. www.notlikethis.com
I've been up since 7AM and I'm still wide awake! I have so much trouble falling asleep at night! If it was daytime, I'd be exhausted!! -__-
It's official no more game playing.
It's where people who don't know how to use twitter go to have conversations. So of course they're backward & behind the curve.
several times a day people are on Twitter saying "your" rather than "you're". Didn't we learn this in grade school?
hi friends, thanks for all good compliments .... vinay , www.zeustek.com
One hour of sleep. Today is going to suck but I am going to get through it.
how do you know if you got to the first 400s or not?? c;
Happy Birthday!
Follow me! I'm going places!
I just got my first bit of DJ equipment today!!!!
Maybe, if you would say please? Ha.
Haha theres iconiacz in my dance class I didn't know about
CALL OF BOOTY: MODERN WHOREFARE
Friday follow goes to ! I've missed you!
i wana play u in draw something! Haha i got it on my ipod.
Voter Registration Drive today at Hostos Community College today from noon to 5pm in C-391.
I just registered for the 2012 International #CES. Join me in Las Vegas to check out the big bang of innovation! CESweb.org
[Prov18:21+Num14:28+Isa57:19]Death & Life are in the power of the tongue, thus our words help us or work against us. Words=Tools or Weapons.
I like the one that says "Unless you're selling Thin Mints, no soliciting."
Awesome. But I don't know if I'm cool enough to wear one of those shirts! :)
eyy, looks like I'll be up for the weekend
The word weird should be in a different color than the rest of the words to make it seem.. Weird!
writing horror in the daytime is bizarre.
I want to see Beirut while we're in Austin! When do tickets go on sale?
what can we say, we're big soccer fans
Twenty minutes until takes the stage at Stubbs!!
thanks for the mention
Very Cool! :
sometimes it happens.
Spam! my timeline is sleepyy RT : Should I spamm twitter or sleep ?
haha unpaid. most other applicants are journo majors w/a year or two reporting exp. ... but if interested go for your dreams!
South Africa: Next week, academic workshops with 7th/8th grade primary school students!
RT: Harvard to lay off librarians, citing the high cost of journals. Another reason
my mom decided to remind me today that I'm older than Lady Gaga.
My own recipe for beer can chicken. Enough for two meals. Yummy
You should change it to JainieNoFresca...or your real name...JainieMae LMAO
Happy Sunday Everyone!
boo allergies...
#nfais question asked about whether all comments being archived may make people hesitate to participate.
that hotel name fits you well bro
After a long day of watching Rainer Werner Fassbinder films, I've come to the obvious conclusion that he is an extremely German director. :)
after a hard work out I have chocolate milk.
If u let me, here's what I'll do, I'll take care of u.!!
Cubs or Sox?
My belly was a bit gurgly so I opted for the non-spicy chicken sandwich
we love you justin more than anything ,were always going to be here supporting you through all of it,your #Beliebers #FAMILY <U+2665>
Thanks For Sharing!
Excited for Collegiate DECA Nationals! I hope everything keeps working out :) Good job and great effort everyone.
We didn't get all posts up today. Please be patient. There are well over 10 pages of email that I have to get up. BUT I WILL, in due time!
#NHL sponsors deserve a lot of credit. Lots of hockey themed ads, use of marks, official designations. Reaping what they sow.
I think, "That accent/character is preposterous!" and in the same thought bubble, gush "This is one of my favorite movies!"
Yup! New (6 months) - headed by Currently hanging out at #WSJdata weekend - lots of great privacy projects!
#MXpresidentialDebate Josefina: "I'd like PEMEX to be open to private investment, that families could buy public bonds"
Fab! Here's hoping you throw in your lot with us as a customer...we'd love to have you along for the ride!
thursday. We'll chill so much
Note to self- never grow up to be a selfish bitch who has no regard for other people's feelings or futures. Should be pretty easy.
Watch Best of the Bay this Saturday (10/24/09) as we visit the Half Moon Bay Pumpkin Festival.
Hope u r feeling better.....call u later!
OUR WEBSITE IS DOWN DUE TO TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES. IT SHOULD BE BACK UP SOON, THANK YOU!!
Ewwwww! Just remember smiling suppresses the gag reflex! :P
Thanks! Stay tuned - presentation materials will be posted after the mtg, as well as a handful of videos.
An interesting question. RT The premier women's college program in the state is in GB. Think that went into the decision?
Kevin Eubanks ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
If anyone knows some history on my life...you'll understand why I am so excited to start 2012!!! Bring it on!!! Doing the happy dance :)
Coworker made a joke about 'the glamorous life,' now I have the Sheena E stuck in my head. It was quit the jam back in the day.
Sharing a table with the lovely and family at the honors convocation!
Some one is stressing out right now
We don't stop until are work is done!
TY - it's great interacting with you at
Watching the playoffs, or taking a day off after #caps win?
Clearly I have turned into a technology whore.... I have my iPad, iPhone, laptop on my bed and can connect each to my flat screen! Whoa !!!!
Running in 93 degree weather is asinine.
me*turns AC on* Trav:dont touch that! im telling mom! Me:*thinking* what are you 4?! your 18! go get a job and get off your lazy butt!!! -_-
Friday starting at 11am we will be grilling out front with The 86 Club. Fresh off the grill food, delicious smoothies, and music!
can help you. In Austin for SXSW?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha! I miss you so much more now!
Heading to King of Kombat ring girl search at The Ranch (708 W 6th St.) Hey, I have to do my job! Then heading to Hard Proof Afrobeat
I finally got smaller work jackets. Now I look like an underaged boy instead of a lesbian dressing up in her dads blazer.
Working on a music video in the desert!
help me reach my of 500 followers !! :D
Thanks so much!! And thanks for watching...i really appreciate your kindness and support!!! :)
We salute for their leadership & involvement with Sports Tackles Cancer. They set a great example for the sports industry.
That's not to say that if I follow you I'm not envious of your career. Good chance I am!
We agree! There are so many great groups out there on local and national levels.
Yes! So excited for spring/summer concert season!
Thanks Slick!
Great Conversation <3
Math equations kill my brain like a drug
Happy birthday :]
You are hilarious.
Me! RT Who wants to go to the Sizzler?
I left my scarf in to room
People who exclusively update their Facejazz status for the sole purpose of getting sympathy are the scum of the earth.
my bad cuz at work ain't see it
duvet covers ikea
Windows 7 installed on my laptop at work, reinforces my frustration for windows, #microsoftfail,
Big game tonight...
Good to hear you paired up w that Power tandem a la... KD n Westbrook? Enjoy the new padnah and time slot.
Wish I wasn't so swamped this weekend. Would totally come down from Wisco to see you! Good luck!
Who's headed to the Superbowl: Ray Lewis and the Ravens, or Tom Brady and the Pats?
Il take rickie weeks to win the derby
Bout to go H.A.M. sandwich
me and will be seeing your husband in fort Wayne next Saturday! So stoked
"Love is the answer That everyone seeks...#Love is the language, that every heart speaks..."~Helen Steiner Rice
oh any time ..so what amm I going to do SATURDAY??
I can't guess your drawing, as great as it is :( clue please??
When in doubt, Sync to Mobile.
If u do not have the P3 food chart, you probably want to get it... it helps so much with success. Good luck on #HCG P3! :)
can't wait to watch victorious and how to rock
crap....I think I accidentally love new direction
Oopsie, making pasta salad for and may or may not have put some asparagus stalks in the disposal.
i think he just texted me...
so upset.. losing my voice more and more by the hour... and I have a huge show on Sunday...
what the hell, whitney houston died?
The essay gets one thing right. It asserts that code is a means to another end. Something i've always asserted.
Congrats to our friends Bobby Joe Champion and Connie Bernardy! endorsed!
RT : Apple not releasing iPhone5, but reminds disappointed crowd that iPhone4S ran an Olympics, is electable against Obama.
That was pretty cool to see Brees celebrate the record with Gleas
great presentation last night Tom - good panel.
yeah. You ain't never cried?
Life itself still remains a very efficient therapist.
#Khloe said "Bullying and harassment is NEVER a solution". She QUITS #PETA & now ANIMALS will be Bullied & Harassed?
Best radio station ever queenmarathon
use the rules for citing a webpage with no listed author in whichever citation style you are employing....
Juana: they took me to the hospital in shackles. Shackles were removed only moments b4 i gave birth. I couldn't call husband
Why have I been waiting by the phone for 18 min for this phone interview?! Ooohhh that's right, I'm #broke ! #unprofessional !
Thanks for the mention!
Larysa, I would love to talk further about fitness and how I could help you in anyway that I can! -Adam
there's a pile of bananas in my office.
=) RT : Whoa, that looks great! Can't wait to try the new #veg menu tomorrow night!
it was great Meeting you Isis!
Wish I got back what I put in ......
my thoughts exactly.
Celebrating another historic and tradition changing win for the #Buffs with
We're getting farther and farther apart
stop tweeting bullshit
My landlord has decided to install air conditioners in my building alphabetically. Thanks for the awesome last name, Dad.
OH Man cant wait for #REVOLT TV from Congrats on that accomplishment. I need to work there..
She a house nigga now!
Who wants to go throw rocks at trains...
hey hazza.. Do you love your american fans as much as we love you... <3
We always find truth in the old saw “Failing to plan is planning to fail.” Having a plan is much different than setting the famously ineffe…
Wine words of wisdom: ""Wine is sunlight, held together by water!" ~ Galileo
Hit us up lithesome #FF =)
The quote is from the track Made In America.
When you can talk too someone for hours at a time no matter were it might be and talk about anything in the world is the best!
If you haven't done so yet, move your clocks up ONE HOUR! It is currently 10:10 PM!
lol was just finishing :)
music flowing out my mind like blood out my viens lets get it!!
I love it when funtional products are created from unexpected minor material like a simple rubberband
Found my dad in the 1940 SF census. His fam's Castro 3 bedroom is valued at $4750, & my grandma made $1600/year as a telephone operator.
Amendment One Part 3: Battle On The Frontlines - WITN
Congrats on the pole! :-)
WHAT RAY
iight imma send you something in a few
The incestuous relationship between government and big business thrives in the dark.
OK, officially obsessed with "There She Goes" by the Listened to it on repeat and it's all I can think about. Love it!
Great, look forward to talking to you!
I've tweeted once each of the last three months. Underutilizing my personal tweets to run my office Twitter account.
Detecitves have set up a canopy over an area near the tunnel on Rocky Butte Road, appears forensic work is happening there.
It is not necessarily the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent; it is the one most adaptable to change. ~Charle…
What we WILL be doing is educating partygoers on what to do when they are discriminated against...
Spent yesterday sending out resumes. Today I wrote. I'm much happier today.
120k at the dinner break. Table is good, although just got a bit tougher w/ a big stack joining. Three more hours of play tonight.
And Ofcourse hitting up Starbucks between the hours of 3-5pm
#ff #philosophy professor & pastor for discussion on #religion & #science, #theology & #physics;
nicely done
At great America!
our mobile app is Child Friendly! learn how a phone turns into a personal security deterrence device...great for kids!
suck a dick
Yes and are there unanswered questions about America's undeclared wars and censorship of war crimes by U.S. Presidents?
I'm just another girl on the sidelines
How do you eat out all the time and stay so dang skinny!?
Terrell Suggs referred to Sunday's game as "the apocalypse". Talk about overhype!
well are vikes aint going anywhere
Do you have a 74? That's all I'm missing.
Country I am!
Your post on that breathtaking piece of modern literature = priceless. Just finished the book, contemplating the contest.
We mentioned the #Bengals before at No. 17. At No. 21, I think they take David DeCastro, Doug Martin or Kendall Wright.
Bouts to make a mean ass breakfast and sleep
Trivia Time. Created in 2012, what's the newest AVA in Washington State? 1st correct answer gets a $25 Purple Cafe Gift Card
I scared charlie and he went insane, running all over the house-it was hilarious
-_- what is it
I must say I'm starting to catch feelings ...
that club looks DEAD! Lol.
And finally Bucks Account Representative of the Year: James Herro.
Um, maybe because people don't appreciate all that's given to them???
today is gonna be a good good day....
I am so missing my baby right now!!!! ( sad face) what to do what to do!!!!!
Why do retailers need my full name, address and phone number to process a return with a receipt?
Me: Don't you have a contact that you can call at that company to find out what's wrong & how to resolve? : Nope. Your problem
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and help them become what they are capable of being. #BeTheDifference Goethe
All of us forty-something-watching-every-pound women already knew that! It's what lettuce-wraps are for ;-)
Oh I was almost dumb enough 2b offended.Then I read the quote. BTW, FUCK YOU for being stupid. Thanks. Bye now.
I don't understand people who don't throw out dry pens. Why are you keeping it? A memento?
The things girls do for attention these days... God bless, be yourself.
lol so do you want one or not?(:
Shake it out - Florence + The Machine. <3
visiting The Phillips today with her Rare Book Librarians group. Welcome!
I don't know about you but "Mother" by Danzig makes me wanna bang my head and smash stuff......in a good way! Yeah you
2nite has finally arrived!! DJ Dick Hennessy presents "Pirates of the CarriBooty" Competition starting at 9 PM. A$$ A$$ A$$ =)
MT : GOP position: No help on student loans unless Dems agree to cut immunization, cancer screenings, HIV prevention/treatment.
so #Blackops2 looks okay.. its in the future.. so what are they turning into halo.. ? BIG turn off...
I cannot believe I did it when I say I'm not gonna do it but I still end up doinq it!
I'm looking forward to the conversations. Should be fun.
So many exciting projects for 2012! If you need need help building your brand's website, get in touch!
#GymPetPeeves the weights.
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
I tried that, but it said its a "datpiff exclusive"
I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, & that is that I know nothing. -Socrates
that's what I'm saying
a friend of mine is on there, look her up mabel handbags
For the heck of it, a golf tweet: What just happened to Stenson? An 8??
“: This whole block smells bomb #lastthursday #Alberta #koifusionpdx smells so good over here.”
Have you gotten to that crazy-ass wind farm yet? That thing is a spectacle to behold.
I want Starbucks but I don't feel like going to Turkey Creek.
wit yo Boston market face. :) you need to eat some pr food to gain weight!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE JASMINE <3
Succes is the greatest revenge.
Just got a bunch of merch at walmart!!!!!
one day. Haha. So is that your picture? Or did you steal that from google?
DONT CARE IF I SOUND IMMATURE I HATE COPY CATS OK
With alexa yeahh buddy
If it was an emergency they would have called.
Lost Dog Ace/bubby - $500 Reward Ace/bubby the Pit Bull is lost in Dallas, TX.
Tough, tough, tough loss.
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future
a historic stadium,100 years of great players & history + the most loyal fans in sports, unlike the bandwagonners in Arlington
thus creating greater inequality, the social construct of race, and racism.
ah, lol, I'm colombian o:)
Where is this 'party' gonna be at?
Thanks GB, will dark gray work? LOL.
I read this w/ an accent. The word 'rubbish' is just funny to me. "RT Morning what's everyone up to today? Rubbish weather"
I can't find the info. any assist? without, I'm not sure I can
I'm behind on the comics. But why do the chained walkers not attack Michonne? Has she tamed them or something?
THATS BET NOT BE HANNAH MONTANA!!!!!
I thought you had a job that you like? Why you hating on me?
Kathleen Fitzpatrick today. Discussing Planned Obsolescence.
I am so ready, Halloween is my Christmas
Finished doing some exercise now heading to take a nice shower feeling clean is a wonderful thing.
Last time I seen Children of the Corn I was real young && scared as hell. This movie crazy!
“: i'm actually better than ever thank you very much”<--- something someone sippin that hater-ade would say
We are having a special promotion on RC Trackpad for iPhone through Labor Day!
When Romney was governor of MA he did everything he could to block gay marriage debate in the legislature. We won't forget that
lol me too
is dreaming and doing.
We will keep that in mind. Thank you!
I actually like it most of the time, but it's not fun when you still have to do it when you'd rather do something else!
Over and out.
what is all them stuff call so I could find it? :)
EVERYONE FOLLOW
that look really suits you :)
Now: Branden Joseph, Department of Art History & Archaeology, Columbia University #tinnitus talking about Mike Kelley
How was your Mother's Day?
Should I be this really awful noodle stir-fry I just made for Halloween?
Dont Miss The Spring Workshop Extravaganza!
It's a La Chouffe, this evening, with It was great to be at #IIPC12 but it's marvelous to be back home.
I think I'll probably get them off in a few months to a year. I've almost had them on for two years. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
; Hates when people says he isn't worth it .. Bitch, how do you know? You don't know him like I do. <3
Fucken hate when I don't get tips!!!!! D:<
Can't figure this out
Just tapped Fremont Brother Imperial IPA.
I have the most amazing support system. So #blessed. Got great news and ready for and I to go make sure everything is perfect <3
Yeah! Very cool stuff. I work with layers and such already, so it all clicked. Thanks!
I was feeling my self last night i won't even lie lol
73 degrees right now :) feels good
The Boyle Heights Historical Society meets Sat, 4/28, 11:00AM, at Hollenbeck Police Station--2111 East First Street, Los Angeles, CA 90033.
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights
u should go see cabin in the wood.
Heavy rain is done. Light rain/sprinkles for a few more hours. Skies clear this afternoon. HIGH 72. Fog develops tonight. Lows in the 50s.
RT : POTUS words that "If I had a son, he would look like Trayvon Martin" was an extraordinary moral and political statement.
Ya think ima let my dough freeze? Hoe pleeze..
CA budget $6 billion higher than expected in Jan.?? Seems almost unbelievable. Details on #News8 including cuts and proposed new taxes.
Wow! Triple jogging stroller?
Hey tweeps! We're raffling off a pool party for 20 people , everyone must be 21+, RT 4 your chance to win!
Explain to me this... the earlier I leave for work, the later I get there. Not sure how this happens but it does.
have any of you ever experienced Plantar Fasciitis
my band on my braces keeps falling out why,
Wtf is going on my body??
Now if they ever got Christopher Walken back on SNL, I'd watch
lmao damn sad thing is ur not joking
If yu hve something to say then its a good time to keep it to yourself
Eric K is here!
The story is like one from a movie. :)
Facebook the movement
I hope we get snow tonight!!
Slammin. Wednesday. Winky face. Madison i hope you're talking about slammin in my bed.
Today produced my dream weather...sunshine, 60 degrees, and a mild breeze #InWinter in
I love the feeling, as my skin drinks in sweet raindrops, with the dawn.
Ahahahaha U Asked For It Mr.
Dont you wanna impress me , I even got a pretty white dress just so you could like me a lil more )':
you're right. They pay me for my GOOD ones.
can you see me? Smh... Lol
Just received word that THE Brandon Lee Martin might be at BYX Barn Dance tonight!
Just made pizza 30 min. Ago and well it's really burned but since it's a waste of money if I throw it away so I'm eating it
have fun
RSVP'ed to EA's event, so excited to be going!
I need a get away. I wanna get far far away. Can't wait to leave for Indiana..
#3DAYS until you get your braces off!!! You will be able to lick your teeth again!!<33 I think I might just die
Beautiful! Are you enjoying working for OFA? Don't make me totally regret it ;)
Good Morning
tomorrow the lovely and talented will be shooting photos of and me! family photos, yay!
Champieux- successful #pdaebook becomes part of the library's approach to collection development
Francona! We're all alone-a!
Dear conductor, when someone asks a question nicely, there is no need to be rude and angry. I'm sorry your having a bad day.
: Awesome! I'll be 's entrance table all day (near the Your BLO stories area). Stop by and say hi!
The Top 10 Brokerages in Phoenix only own a total of 38% of the $2.5 Billion Golf Real Estate Market. Welcome to our niche.
dang it!
Crazy co-worker just trapped boss into lunch with her. I sat perfectly still as though she were a T-Rex and escaped. Thank u, Jurassic Park.
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
You are crazy. I'm thinking about going on Wednesday or Thursday.
RT A ship in a harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. ~ Admiral Grace Hopper
Happy Black Friday, everyone. Who else has to work today?
What was your previous record?
love love love!!!!
Whats good? I had been sick and tryin to get it. I'll be back in the mix soon
Reconnecting with some former staffers in #Baltimore tonight. (sans )
Just wanted to keep y'all posted on my MTV show I will know with in the next 2 weeks when it will be airing!
Is that a fucking Stargate on stage?
heard that
- bout to go to taco bell '
Thanks to all the great people who have been there this year!
Wow, now Bobby Brown loses his father to cancer.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 71F FAIR
Someone just ding dong ditched me... What are we 12??
cool! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> how did u decide to pick him?
Hey Kristi...hope all is well. See you next week.
I'm feeling something closer to full body paralysis today
MARRY THE NIGHT!!! TREND EVERYBODY!!!
Last tweet of 3: if you need to contact me, go to www.everywebbs.com or email . THANK YOU!
lol! oh! about ready to start up nudiezine 16! how's your Letter To Tsuru coming? <3
Aw, thanks!
the reason to hang in the VIP lounge: Adam
2nite twisted thursdays inside ! video mixin all night, arrive early cause we do hit capasity.
"Time invested in improving ourselves cuts down on time wasted in disapproving of others."
sorry I missed you tonight!!
Like the grass in the concrete the streets is stunting your growth
I'll put that on my list of things to try when I go to Chicago
Since you asked, I'd say your Kickstarter needs refining. It's not clear why the goal is $66k, or how the money will be used.
ah true, my mistake. removed that earlier, I'll be sure to add it back in.
Rented The Vow. Clicking play now!
Out for coffee w the boss- why isn't this a good "break" ---?
If murder is a crime, why does the executioner walk free? _^0^_
You are an oak tree. You will not be manipulated by crying, yelling, lying, head games, sexual withdrawal, or guilt trips
#Castle was amazing, it's true, but you'll get me every time with a group performance of Time of My Life (+ Zooey).
yes i did! you?!
Does anyone need a part-time nanny in L.A.? Hit me up if you know of someone who's looking. Thanks!
Planning around break points in a responsive layout is an interesting mental exercise
Don't forget - I will be at the Wilsonville Public Library Holiday Book Sale tomorrow from 10am-noon, please come by and say hello.
Isn't Pinterest just online hoarding?
Heard Owen Howard's Drum Lore band yesterday at Smalls. Drummers write great tunes (including him)!
getting wowed (again) listening to Rickie Lee Jones. Pirates is one amazing song and album too.
You guys should tottally do warped tour!! DETROIT! please!! <3
In an F-hole is the sound; there lives my habit
Thanks! I'm so excited! The no electronics may be a bit of a shock to my system but good for me.
crazy times john, crazy times
WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE YEAH
just a little salt
Where did the Easter Bunny go to college? Johns Hopkins!
ciao janis! so nice chatting!!!
October 15th #Madison,
DC: Still freezing; Anyone with a spare Villa that I can use for a couple of weeks? Somewhere tropical?
Targeting a specific device for your responsive design seems like a good way to ensure a revisit every six months.
its not even a date! haha<333
something amazing happens at the end of ep 2, i cant tell you what
Im gonna take it back... watch me
oh fuck yeah I'm so ready! and I will get black because were like international, you might burn Mic :X
Wish I was there. I'm a scooter mag in Oregon following CBR. You should contact the organizer.
thanks for calling my attention to this
workout soon!
I don't ever want to know your fax number.
I forgot I had half a blunt in my purse lmao.. I just got extra happy.
When I was young, wilding was drinking a butt load of mt dew and jumping off swings.
Thanks! We hope you can join us this June. RT : looks great! I didn't know the Ballietts were composing!
<U+200E>"There are only two moments worthwhile in writing, the one when you start and the other when you throw it in the waste-paper basket."
Heading to the pan african film festival.
Santana with a solo homer in the bottom of the 7th makes it 2-0
Meeks just got abused by the 85 year old Allen
mmkay what are you doing tomorrow, i still need to dye my hair
I'm ready for this workday to be over already...
Hey, friend. Most of the time I'm in the media center, blocked from social media. Next week is the moment of truth.
Faack I almost died right now :/, fever kicked in like crazy and went into shock :o
2nd day of Daylight Savings Time and it still Sucks...
any chance you're headed to the PRSA Conference this week?
feeding frenzy over for now but amazing. 3 snow white hatchlings :)
So glad you did that, I love Kimberly -- she does a really great interview and edits it together totally pro.
as good as that bean dip was last night, my stomach is crushed right now.
Last week of high school starts tomorrow at 7:20....so much to do, so little time. #Seniors <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
Chicago weather is good today wonder how long it's gon last
Big time playing by & for the TERPS! Please freaking beat UNC!
Be observant
hey. i hope ur tour is going great and i wish the best. good luck in ur 2013 tour.cant wait to see u and the rest of the guys
Thanks NICOLE!
Big Brother 13 debuted tonight...my summer is never complete without watching random people live in a house for 3 months
Encore is lookn for actors for their 10 annv show Finding Wonderland; letmme look
I'm not going to RSA, but have clients going who would love to meet up with you, if you have time.
Finally, after weeks of preparation, we're moving 26 bags of custom blended growing media onto the 7th floor at UCSD for the green roof
I'm just stunnin
Factor 3 is frustrating, but IMHO Factor 1 is a better guide: is the amount apt for legit #fairuse purpose? Not redundant.
She catch some worst dan feelings
oh is he following u!??? I just listen to some of his videos he is really god!!!!!
Braden Holtby became a father today. Benjamin Hunter Holtby is now the son of an awesome NHL goalie.
Are you drinking our herbal teas from your VoxBox? Tell us your favorite flavor!
RIP paul samaha. cause of death: twerking
$100 goes to the best name voted on in the contest. Call 1-877-692-0008 ext 31 or text Name Game plus the name you suggest to 414-322-0590.
yeah i really like watchin so i wanna do it
Beautiful evening in Atlanta!
Great time at The Bitter End watching do her thing!! Awesome Show!!
Getting ready to go out to eat then graduation <U+E056><U+E043><U+E312>
What?! Roger is getting it done!
OK. I can't sleep because of Jonghyun now. >.<
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral Socially awkward people....
Heather Heiman just gave a wonderful talk about e-learning and deliberate practice in med school setting at Searle Fellows dinner
Probert now pounces at his tail when he chases it. I'm trying to get footage, but he's not very cooperative.
I wonder who is this kony person I keep hearing about?!?
hi Michelle :) play me “: Hi my name is Michelle and I'm addicted to Scramble with friends.”
I need to stop nerding out all over and start focusing on football.
thanks for the follow!! :-)
HOT HOT HOT outside
You ca have a piece of my love
Too late for you to want to do anything, let me tell you. 4 AM to 9 AM.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Kid with cell phone in Africa has more access to information than the President in the US 15 years ago.
Oh, you fancy?
RT! Come see DBS tear it up at the 98.7 Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tonight at 8pm!
Saz's Shrimp Gumbo is on special at the restaurant! Boy, Chef Scooter can cook up some good Gumbo!! :)
I'm coming at the end of math so I don't get the homework.
We are indeed! It is a wonderful Sunday for a boat ride... come join us in Pittsford!
My daughter is the same way! The closer it gets to bedtime the crazier she gets!
Yeah, Clark Kent is real.....
I definitely need to work out this summer...
Found and road the M train on my way to work today. It does exist!
Have a great week, Ana.
Hey guy who I still need to switch eyes with and needs to answer to my DM's and needs to give me advice. What's uo? (;
Thanks for the heads up, Chad. Things should be working better now.
seriously? like by conneaut ohio?
I don't fuck with #oomf anymore
Thoughts go out to the family of the firefighter who die din Bucks after being at the chemical fire.
Finally uploading the Avengers in the other window. Two days isn't exactly a record, but it's close.
Solar cells are so delicate compared to asphalt.
Ima try , if my mom quit being a bitch about it =_=
Wait, am I allowed to use one of those maternity parking spots if I'm pregnant with a food baby? Help!
"Happy girls are the prettiest” <U+2015> Audrey Hepburn ....Choose to be pretty today <3
yea I know, I like Josh hamilton so I don't mind.
If all 5 underclassmen are having a press conference together tmrw, chances are they are all making the same decision.
HA! P said something was delivered today but he didn't open it so we've been speculating :)
What is your passion? Mine is music since childhood!
#FF love to some of our favorite women! and
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly :)
It's the last week of school.. and my teachers still want me to do crap.
Thats a lot of NIT berths in 1 setting RT Friday on : #Rebels Andy Kennedy, Mick Cronin, and #DePaul Oliver Purnell
True!! RT : The best part about a picture is that it never changes, even when the people in it do.
Thank you for coming to the conference Larry!
Ain't it sweet?!
Good Friday service is tonight at 7pm. Hope to see you there!
Time for – and a big round of applause for organizing this month!
A recipe has no soul. You, as the cook, must bring soul to the recipe.
wow, yeah they took a different approach, I just want to show percentage of costs that goes to each country. not dollar values
IT'S THE BEST!
pinky is fine lol
I wish people wouldn't hang so much weight on something as historically slight as Junia.
Good Luck - you will be great!
I found out all the girls that like girls live in Kendall lol. That's where they've been hiding <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Is that a Magnolia or a Curl Up and Die reference?
her mind is making room for All that extra crazy lol
I'm out of town anyway, so no rush, tomorrow, Sunday, Monday, whenever
That moment when you realize out of 300 pictures on your phone, only 7 are of you and the rest are of #MahomieProblems(:
I'm seriously about to hit these stupid dogs! They don't stop barking over a damn bug really? Ugh.
I like it. RT: Thinking of starting a rogue team for the #D2L11 team competition. Our own rules, our own points. Who's with me?
and did a great job tho
Glad the #Mavs are starting soon. How many days until Pitchers and Catchers report?
where I didn't see it
yo dude, was thinking about you earlier. let's talk later this week
i need to but i cant relax
Thank you so much for the RT!
Contemplating an uptempo standard to learn. Singing "Blue Skies", "Angel Eyes" and "Stormy Weather" for a show this month at Tula's.
the award. Mick Fleetwood was zero personality, nobody cheered... Just lame. And steve earle wasn't there.
Every time Mitt Romney appears on TV, my dog wants to go outside and poop. Being a responsible dog owner, I oblige.
*Directions on box* "Microwave for 3 to 5 minutes" 4 MINUTES IT IS!
A joke/prank is when both parties think it's funny...never at the expense of that other person..THAT'S what Romney fails to see!
I DONT CARE IF U HUSTLE AND MAKE 30 DOLLARS A DAY END OF THE WEEK $150 IF YOU LEAN HOW TO SAVE #150 ANIT MUCH BUT ITS BETTER THAN NOTHIN
maybe if they were'nt trying to pack us all in like sardines, it wouldn't be such a concern.
!! RT : s/o to my nigga happy birthday bro!
He's not going to answer because he thinks Twitter is a megaphone.
first one of the season?
Favoriting a tweet is like sub-tweeting without having to get creative
never too early for a boner.
idk where YOUR dog is, but MY dog is sleeping with me :)
maybe they will put it back in the next update. I also can't print to my Dell printer but we have HP at school
A cigar and a glass of wine may cure stress at least after a full week of court
Currently watching That 70's Show. Nothing has changed...
Hi sandance i am a big fan
great article, I felt like you were talking about me! Musician in his 20s w/ freelance gig that stifles the music career.
Would you want to talk about, as a guest blogger, what it was like to go back to CHA? We'd love to hear about it.
Don't have time for people that only come around when they need something. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
One more class then my girl Erin picking me and up ^__^
Something that I couldve brought in the day before when I went by his office. Cant wait until its all over
Love that #oldbooksmell ! Using Appleton's Cyclopedia of American Biography from 1898.
so if u want me to live babyy just call an MIA! U should do more musical parodies!
I just think its messed up guys like Kane and yourself had to wait so long for good push, your gonna have legend status in time.
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise
Congratulations to Mario Vargas Llosa! 1st S. American to win lit Nobel since Garcia Márquez in 1982? A lot of catching up to do/great start
My sisters friends dad owns a radio station So we are going to talk to them. WE MUST DO WATEVER IT TAKES!!!!
These tie down straps for our camera equipment might come in handy HINT HINT Teresa
find a bitch bro i know you got a lot of hoes
You're so 2011...
I read them. We could chat tmrw before or after OMD, but I won't have detailed answers to share by then.
My father's a lawyer, his bro's a lawyer, both of my bros will be lawyers, 2 of my best friends are lawyers. I once worked @ a law school.
RIP Whitney Houston
if I get it, it would go on the wall behind my bar, like you're a celebrity or something.
Inspiration and Love...
I heard Gaga would like to drop the "Lady."
Its like ABC with numbers...
Happy birthday to my beautiful friend!
Seattle tomorrow , and Alaska on Friday..can't wait!!!
GROWIN UP REAL HELLA HOOD IF YOU TELL ME, WE AINT GET THIS OF YO FOLKZ DUMMY ITZ CLUB WEED!!!!
Ha Daisy's the real social pro! A wise ween ;-) RT : & by team you mean & , right?
I don't have high hopes for it, to tell you the truth. I'm not crazy about previous script drafts or the current production team
I will admit to nothing.
Is there a delay of game because of bees at Coors?b
I just Downloaded my own song " 2 girls 1 cup" on Itunes!! Did make 99 cents or spend 99 cents?
lol took a lot of hard work.. but it paid off.. thank u so much! And I miss u a lot
Game 5 Today in Memphis #Grizzlies vs
i know it's not hard to do but I love it when I out smart myself!
RT : My life on the road is a lot like '70s Fleetwood Mac, except instead of cocaine it's Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Bought a gift card at for a friend's wedding gift & the number was stolen. Spent at a store last week.
We had a fight not too long ago bc Ry came over to talk to me about how his girl is now pregnant and he was near tears so I
I'm feeling a little too happy for someone who's about to take the 5 hour exam that will determine the rest of my life
Thank you Delta Airlines for breaking my kids stroller and losing my luggage.
Everything is perfect, the only thing that's missing is you.. And that would make everything 10x's better :-/
That can't be true, Nikki probably but Rhianna is like the biggest star in the world right now, no way she gonna be there x
Between the DOJ, Amaz*n and Google, you'd think somebody has something against the indies, wouldn't you?
What a ballgame! Now, let's just hope that Weeks' hand is okay.
Win a $100Jeantherapy gift card through our February contest! (just email a photo of you in JT to )
#HuntCup was the worse sporting event since the WNBA. Jockey after jockey met the ground. However, the Baltimore frat scene is still alive.
Junot Diaz's new book out this September.
When is Jay Park again? I need to mark it on my calender.
words cannot express how much I miss Tu Lan.
well, its nice to meet you.
The only legit way to make it is to become a game changer.
welcome to Twitter SEW #IFMA President Parrish!
Some girls at this school are plain dumb
I'm not! And what happened to you you weren't like this before! What happened! Who or who else
Looking forward to your tweets MT : Today & tomorrow I'll be tweeting from NASI conference!
Who's ready for some parade action? US! St. Patty's Parade starts at noon on Wisconsin Ave. Stop in for a coffe or hot cocoa beforehand!
The 2012 Mayan Calendar was really talking about the shift from Patriarchy to Matriarchy..no wonder men are kicking and screaming
": Never give in, never never never… except to convictions of honour and good sense. ~ Winston Churchill"
Ohmahgawd! Black Ops 2! You will be mine, YOU WILL BE MINE.
Dave van Zeggeren calls for universal symbol as alert for invisible mobile content. Lacking QR, how do we know it's there?
#SK I'm with the movement
and are 100% swaggless, I'm soaking it all up.
Run to him and not away from him.... In Christ, there's fullness of joy... You'll never leave empty handed!
DAMN YOU EOC'S!!!!
FSU: insufferable. Hasn't been relevant on the national stage (i.e. BCS victory) in a decade, yet feels deserving of exceptional treatment
The Golden Chicks Rolls :D
Should I get a Civic or a Corolla?
#NP Nitrous Oxide & Adam Nickey - Moon Dust
PritchettWe are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier .
Is Simply Amazing! <U+2665>
did you get my email
Fucking called it too... It's the City for you.
i think God, every so often, gives us a taste of our dreams so we're reminded of why we want them.
That was a cruel move, putting me up against Stevie Nicks. Now I want you in the weirdest possible way.
Never thought about it like that B4 but when U R talking bout Hip Hop & not Rap *shrug* U may have a Great Point
me too! Thank you:)
I'm not sure they'll ever care. Best audience for creative class is creative class itself.
.thanks Ray..
What's one of the weirdest complaints you've heard?? If any at all.
Cool! I am getting lots of dropped MIDI notes running hardware synth thru a FireStudio project... any pointers?
Tomorrow we go live with new QC program for Fortune 500 client company. Long time in making. Great job team!
Just had a friend get me a partnership with this mine craft server! play.themineville.com -IP Address
when i'm sad/crying i always watch video's One Direction, cuz they're the only ones who make me happy again.
69 for a high in Huntington Beach today...89 in Anaheim...10 miles inland.
she's spoilt! The man I got her off named her Belle when she was born and it just stuck :D
I am developing an artistic photo style right?!
Boston getting washed lets go atl hate all boston only because in from new york
A new GoGo Boy is coming soon! Yes, bitches! Its me! :D
": Damn shame! RT :!I bet if he would of stuck it in the blow hole she wouldn't be taking pics!
your welcome :)
Check Out Official Clipper Anthem "Fresh Like Me" on YouTube featuring #JonnyTee New Single "Friday Night" June 5
What is watching? Did he just say Miami has composure, getting fouled a lot and not complaining? U kidding me?
Dollar for dollar, nobody screws you over like the bookstore
How can you spot a blind man at a nude beach? The walking stick.
Watching Hugo!:D
RT : New home sales up 5.7% in September.
Yep this afternoon at 4:00 PM on NBC
#NowPlaying pachuca sunrise - minus the bear
your so hot :o
Awee My boo said we were conjoined twins Seperated OooO_o WhATevEr thats Means¡
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 45
ICONic Boyz on ABDC >>>>>> Them Not
FOLLOW me on INSTAGRAM ; , or itssnicolee !
haha except for u sexy ;)
China April industrial output rose 9.3% from year ago vs forecast of 12%. April retail sales rose 14.1% vs forecast of 15.2%
noted. I'll get experted up on that.
welcome to twitter pastor!
Yu wayy to sexy to ever be shy!!
this Tupac hologram business has me thinking they ripped this idea off you
Sleep will NOT come. Good thing Make It Or Break It happens to be on!
don't worry, when you DO come... you know the rest!
Tinkercad=fun! Thx for sharing it out!
It be you who doesnt answer me.
n order to have energy all day long, the greatest change I made in my life was to go to bed and get up the same time every day of the week.
Eminems last rap in 8 mile
#cwebodymedia listening to Cathy rossi of PNC bank introducing Christine robins, CEO of body media
blah my good iPod is in the car <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
So tired! I'm coverd in dirt from hunting and playing! Fixing to get in the shower! Ttyl(:
I'm a big fan of you guys. You're like the women's fitness magazine I wish existed.
#ThingsIGetAlot "how old are you? 14? 16?" "no I'm actually 19, 20 in October.." "omg you look so young! You'll love that when your older!"
What is the translation or explanation of the Indonesian word "Jayus"?
Praying with my sister for we just experienced our first haunting in about 3 years in this house ... :(
no sweetie. you were talking about me. so technically it is bothering me. so i say stop talking about it and fuck off.
I feel like skyping! I havent done that in like a year
Thanksgiving is in just 2 1/2 weeks!! Do you try to control your portions on this day or do you go all out?
FRESH SUPER DUPER POTENT FIRE & EVERYONE'S FAVORITE SATIVA JUST IN: Chem Diesel! HIGHEST RATED Collective in Downtown San Diego WEEDMAPS.com
Field goals won't cut it, Cal. Solid opening drive, though. Ducks D must tighten up. Bring on the 'O' Offense
you got this!
Just leaving the - sad not to see polar bears AGAIN but we all still had fun. Bubbles loves the elephants :)
Next up: Gary and I disagree about the judge that gave indefinite jury duty to the racist juror on
should be about a week, if all goes well
It All Comes Down To This ,
Faux News Channel
Watching this Left Eye story and thinking money doesn't make everyone happy..crazy how her life ended!!!
Hates trying to buy pants when I'm so fat
30 minutes left to grab your schooners !!
Dale Thayer aka mr porn stache, remember him from the mets game last year! 16 philly cheese steaks
if that takes it too far, I dont wanna be right. Go deep down the science hole! It's a good place to be.
Good Morning sunshine!!! : Rise and shine time to get to work
TONIGHT is the night!! Our monthly Full Moon Night Time Swim party is back! Richard Vission will be takin' over the decks....get ready to...
Yeah. Very annoyed with how BOE handles that. Hopefully they'll make it easier on everyone down the line.
Its offical... I am taking my dog to prom (: he gone tear everybody damn dress up . ahahahaha ,
Not better, just better behaved.
That's why you always leave a note.
": Should i put my sons sperm doner on child support?????? LbVs!!!" Yeah but then again no. Fucc him
Bad pass Lebron
Hey Gov. Brewer, know where you can stick that finger? Right where you & your GOP pals are giving it to the middle class.
Get out and vote! it does matter and you can make a difference. Our economic future depends on it. Go do it.
lying in bed... almost asleep... shit, I didn't look at today... get out of bed... chiving...
Break that Leg, and throw it at them tomorrow.
great work buddy
I need a 40" automatic die cutter with stripping under $100k...any year/make. Email to .
ThePhantom Yep, in the days of blu ray vs. HD-DVD. now you can get a really cheap player for the price if a PS3 game practically.
Do ur homework the budget slashes taxes across the board. U also need 2 stop spinning UR Liberal crap. USA is broke $15.5Trillion
Perfect Pitch Pete is my goal for 2012!! Whoo hoo!!
RT Raven-Symone came out as lesbian???? *puts on my good draws* HA HA SHE MINE NIGGGGGAASSSSSS
RT : #NameYourFavoriteRapper: Jar Jar-Z, MC Vader, Notorious B.A.N.T.H.A, Obi-Wan Trice, and Artoopac
RT : BE The Miracle in Your Miraculous Life ~ Lori Moreno
omg, that's my life story.
Wow, I was almost certain a corn related jab was going to end that sentence!
The voice SUCKS ahh
Bid light must really taste like shit if they have to reinvent mediocre.
Marshall and it's not particularly close for me
#FF my awesome comics friends (gonna have a girl!)
i can help change that. i have more points to give away than i know what to do with.
Hooligan, and my dark beer. Time to go to the dark side. Bawhaha.
it happens. With that said, I'd feel a lot better if he'd reach back and throw 96/97 every once in awhile.
Britney spears ? Are you serious?
CNN is reporting that former Pres. Clinton hospitalized in N.Y. w/chest pains.
Your appearance was fab as always!
Another long shot but.. Could you tweet (something, anything!) back? Sis loves you and would make her SUPER jealous! haha >:D
Haha, I'm just giving you schidt
Pre-June 2010, with the court order stating that monthly amount? RT : Levi got a lot of $$$ from
RT "Unless we tackle race & diversity in education, we could very well have an underclass of people of color." - professor
In honor of tonights Grey's Anatomy/Private Practice cross-over I will do Ted's Take and will stand in the cold at 10pm
Never miss deadlines & due dates. Aside from the balance due, you might as well incur late fees too.
Simultaneous writing and editing has amazing potential, is still weird
The Chicago #dancemarathon is still going on. Come cheer on Team Vanille and help them finish strong!
Less funny, whatever. I suck at being eloquent at work. Let’s reach consensus: the Big Bang Theory sucks ass.
Sammie just admit it u try not to eat as much at school but at the crib u be smashin
a pre season gun fight...for real
Just in: AP reporting that NY judge tosses defamation suit against Syracuse, hoops coach Boeheim; case tied to Fine probe.
Lmfao #inquisitive ugh
Compassion is the keen awareness of the interdependence of all things. - Thomas Merton
Nice to see you are stepping up your Twitter game!
shoot.....damn near Thanksgivin....
My wife & I were onthe couch,she turned to me withpassion in her eyes.I thought she was going to kiss me,instead she said"You have a booger"
thanks for the follow! Just curious do you encourage testing for lead? prenatal testing? or testing umbilical cords?
your cute.
“: I killed on Leno tonight. Literally. Jay is dead.” If only...
Happy Friday everyone! What are your plans for the weekend?
& , will you be at the game today? Look for who is our game tickets winner!
mid level / executive
is going to rock it tonight on Sixth!
Twitter has become dominant live news source: Kevin Yamamoto, SacBee...PRSA C luncheon
Make your own Monday. Let us know what you like and we build a wine tasting. Sold out show today for wine and Canvas.
my power keeps going out had to restart my cpu 3 times!
done with report 4!!
Im ICONic and im not afraid to say it!!!!!!! One day imma see if any iconiacs wanna hang out lol
that was me
I just realized that iLMM is only about 2 weeks away. Damn, how time flies.
Yes Coast Starlight then EB. Both are Scenic Trips! EB goes through Glacier NP.
thanks! We're excited to take a look!
just listened to solider by lil corey
Well. I made it to 11 a.m. before I broke my promise to myself that I wouldn't drink a beer today.
Absolutely lovesick right now.
Donuts and Starbucks
Wowsers! Low-end #embedded systems with 200 MHz 64 MB and #Javascript and #Erlang. We used to run companies on less!
I personally don't have any at WDW. I forget the rules of getting a virtual approved, but you can find them at Geocaching.com
This has been brought to you by 8am Monday morning, when Mike looks at a thing everyone takes for granted and asks, "wait, really?"
Why thank you RT : *hug*
Hey guys! Whats up :)
Im off wrk early i had fun djing tonight
Taking submissions for musicians/bands to score original music for potential festival short-film. Contact:
ha!! -> “: Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy! But here's a condom, so fuck me safely.”
Watch Rachel learn how to run a cron job...
"Corporations are people my friend."
Miami...LA...and the UK <U+2708>
was so afraid of my #marchmassness he wouldn't work out with me today. 245 on
Smart Watering Tip: Water early mornings, winds calmer, temperatures cooler, minimize evaporation and runoff.
ATTENTION- ALL DAY..
but data is already tied to theaters in the piece...so it should be tied to all theaters in the piece.
Anti-Venom
Time for brunch, Cleveland. Where to go!?!
I don't know how i'd live if it didn't work like this. lol
I should be going to Stratford instead of Taylor since I live like 3 minutes away from it. Taylor is 20 minutes away from my apt wtf?
Rockin some mutha fuckin and doin a lil promo. Help me out and put us in your #FF's tomorrow!
No time to read.
Omg. You obviously dont know how to talk to girls.
This day is taking FOREVER!!!
Seriously. Free food. Openbar for a couple thousand employees. Free car service back home. I fucking love my job.
titties look like hot pockets n shit
A L A N A books BGBGeneration Footwear!!
are you going to be home tomorrow? I can drop them off after work
Freezing outside! But for a good cause! MS Walk 2012!
heyy i havent talked to you in a while.... wats up... ilyjdb
#Caps have taken the lead.
that's a sign u have been in NYC too long :)
115 Cappers with hoops going tonight but only 1 consensus from their picks on the Hornets grabbing a dozen
Tonight is Poole Elem Spirit night. We hope to see you here!
Gonna miss this team big time. best season of my life as a cat fan.
Very interesting!! I heard Dr. Wood speak a couple of yrs ago on this topic, too.
I think we all are if we take the time to be there for folks interested in science!
no problem (: its 9.95 for a month unlimited tanning if you want a package (:
Rip mike paperchasa
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Tell me this reads "Jeff Ireland and the Dolphins are not that bad, and I'll be signing their soon"...
what was your faverate adventure - memory this past year?
yes just search the name on facebook and you can find us!
happy birthday from all of us in Venice and ... be sending you "Life" this Friday.both versions
"Quick Match:" places the player into one of the seven terraces of purgatory, alongside the lethargic, the un-absolved, and the wrathful.
Hear those sirens? They're coming to my house.. Why? Because I was an idiot and set the alarm off.
Wearing shorts today c:
Klout? Who cares? My bourbon index is 100.
I have to admit: that would deter ME from invading the area! Yikes! Hope it worked. :-)
Happy Birthday Luigi! From the USA! Have a great one! :)
Aside from that fest of course
Breaking News: Ozzie Guillen has been suspended by the Miami Marlins for 5 games
AWESOME! You'll have to wear your heels again that nite! ;)
No matter how you doing in life people always gone have something to say but in the end ain't got a heaven or hell to put you in!!
On a shoot at MIT Sloan. I feel smarter whenever I'm at MIT :)
Working on story for 6:30...police looking for a local credit card skimmer. Woman says person cleaned out her account without her card.
hey giants, the trophy isn't a piece of meat... creeps
I have to ask, what is a kettle bell workout?
Ok i guess lol
-- getting sexy back? :-D
that's the good way of doing things lol.
hahahh yes. omg.
thanks for the kind words!
u know is a gangsta
just about done freaking out . ^.^
Love it.
which part? Cuz I thought the all male part was a given.
TGIF! Who's ready for a chill pool day and 2 for 1 beverages...ALL DAY!! WE ARE!!!!
This 30-day inspiration trial is a real emotional roller coaster. I think I'm finally getting used to the faster pacing.
So much attitude up in this gate, yep... next stop NYC!!
If the Caps lose this series, I see a lot if fans hanging up hockey. Its too heartbreaking.
Thanks for tweets re: #Aufbau !
I picked a great time to go yo the blood lab. All the meanies and crazies are here.
same, I'm bored, and you look fine.
where is the “Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass” reading we have to do tonight?? did he say it in class?
- Sweet wheels :). How much is the bike?
Day 2 of the 2011 #eclsummit has started. Morning sessions are up first followed by the Summit Plenary Session with
what awesome photos!!
The gift of friendship is a wondrous thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
actually i was pretending to be serious i thought you knew sorry
mr wizard made it Friday. Ok he didn't really but it still is. That is cause for celebration!
Aw, don't fret. Was just giving you a hard time. When life has settled down, give me a shout. Would love to catch up :)
yall obviously are not as intense as the girls. We aren't scared off by a little mud
drink your gin and tonica, and smoke your marijuanica, I hope I get a harmonica, on this happy happy happy happy Hanukkah! HAPPY HANUKKAH!!!
Anthony Davis' unibrow bothers me.
Heading off to do a photoshoot for HerStory
I liked the weather in San Francisco better, but very glad to be here.
Check out our great deals, Exclusively for our Facebook friends and fans. Add us and check out these great deals today!
Stokley on helping young guys. "If I'm good enough, I'll make it. I don't think helping a young guy will hurt me."
RT If you have le facebook. Do us a solid and LIKE OUR PAGE! www.facebook.com/allurae
I think SB1070 hurts businesses, local economy, and citizens with legal status. I think AZ will see a decline in their economy
i've been without a fully functional phone for a month now so no way i could've know unless you left a message
Thanks for the great content!
Just smashed at mommy house next stop my sista B Love house!
sometimes you make me feel bad about my life lol.
Amazon Prime's lessons for media cos: offer your best customers more, and climb the analytics curve. t.co/RqS33Q2k via
awesome. Let me know!
Districts, despite our constraints, do have the flexibility to reward and recognize teachers better than we are doing it now.
Thank you Mr. President, for supporting equal marriage rights for everyone!
In the worst mood. I could cry.
Jebbus, talk about mixed bag of a day..enough bad news, where's the Scotch?
This is a test message. please disregard...
Springsteen and the choir were just unbelievable. This is history being made.
I think I might be too excited for #BELIEVE :). Follow? I <3 you
After the #Twins 3-1 L yesterday the #Pirates remain as the only team without a 3-1 loss.
lenny needs to come back
Boy1"You can suck my dick!" Boy2 "I'm not gay bro" boy1 "well I wish you were so you could suck my dick!" boy2 "I'm not sucking your dick!"
Lincoln's advice "You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right" is good advice for our leaders today.
#Chelsea is
11-11-11: Take time to reflect today on what's really essential to you. What lives at your core? Anything less just won't cut it anymore!
You have both???RT : weekend??? my nigga the whole week!!!! You only turn 21 ONCE homie!!!! balls to the wal
I'm Chief tho ... Lol, how could you get confused.
Hi there! Happy Tuesday :)
The Bosox can't even make errors on purpose work!
Work like everything depends on YOU! Pray like everything depends on GOD!
Yeah I did good today hope you check out my next video I play dogs to Houston wouldve been a nice one just did'nt pull the trigger
Up writing...
Put our last two cents in over the weekend on the printmaking art book we curated for It is looking pretty damn good.
She likes my jokes not yours
Cleaning my house before my grandmother gets here? #wheresthemaidat?
I don't love her
#WTISD2012 will be held on the theme “Women and Girls in ICT” nice theme & i hope many girls will have an opportunity to introduced to ICTs
Not good enough, again.
that's the best fucking twitter account ever.
I guess that's the nice thing about checking my #facebook late at night...nothin' is happening on the news feed. :P
You're welcome =P
thanks for coming by!
Keeping the beard alive for WBS Pens...
Tweetdeck keeps crashing on my iPhone. Trying Hootsuite...
Let's get to 400 likes on Facebook by Thanksgiving, so we can have 400 reasons to be thankful!
“: seen some of the videos you tweeted, thought they were hilarious, I would definitely buy tix.” Thx! :)
Happy to be here tweeting with everyone!
You can do it!
i wear a 6.5 so why did i buy a size 6 pair of sneakers and wonder why they didnt fit?
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw
what did you get?
Sunday Family Funday - but is not here :(
thanks for the retweet :) you rock.
needs to keep his head up& hang in there. Love yew pauly wally <3
thanks! Hope you enjoyed your evening!
awk cause i'm in the back of the bus... all cause I wanted to sit alone and be antisocial and listen to my music.
want someone who can really understand me...
Pop up trivia #2....what room was it that Joe was referring to when he said "This is where the magic happens"? 1st person w/correct ans wins
Almost to our destination! Need to devise our plan for our beachside pizza truck.
THANKS To all our new followers! Every 100 followers I'll do a drawing for Free Passes and a Free Lap Dances! So SPREAD the word!
Do you prefer gloves or mittens?
Oh how I can relate! RT : Had grand plans for making dinner tonight-- they have been lost in a glass of wine and some ice cream
it's very annoying, hope it's out soon
We're always looking for new teachers to work from our Orlando video studio. :) Email nick[at]teamtreehouse[dot]com
I know!! So far away:/
This is indiana ya we do it big... Up 52-15 at half.
Listening to Howard Stern interview Billy Joel on satellite. . Simply amazing stuff
home , sweet home !
everything happens for a reason
With the exception of the MN State Fair, there is nothing more overrated than St Patrick's Day.
Tweeting so Ilene's photo scrolls down the screen. You're welcome!
thank you so much!
Have any of my followers seen Dante's Peak? The part where the grandma dies gets me every time!
Oh. I just got up now!
You tell me to text you Curtis then your not gonna respond ? Cool <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Diggy video been on countdown for 54 days but MB Finna go harder
The Internet connection in this apartment lately <<<
time for splitting logs, fires, family get together's, unwrapping gifts and enjoying the holidays.
#NHL Stanley cup winners for the Pens conference. Then loser 123 for the others. Cause teams n the pens conference actually win
I love u Cuzzo
oh... Plumb... or Tara-Leigh Cobble. They would be great collabs
The world gets more and more lost with each generation! We can't even recognize ignorance anymore.
Follow my brother instant follow back
absolutely. It's does specifically telling if a candidate apologizes for general "misdeeds" but refuses to articulate+
Ha, we would have been awesome roomies ;p
What happened man?
Oh, you HAVE to love Galsworthy. There is no reason to not enjoy cheerily ironic family sagas.
I think that's everyone's first step lol
Twitter fights!
Checkout our new website at www.slyderfootball.com
She gave head to get ahead in life.
why thank you..but arent you missing a few? :)
#BubbaChinos for breakfast! So good even my cat wants some!!
enjoyed your 2 min drill column. Congrats
you look cute <3
Wearing my shirt and rocking the lanyard too :)
so late with the response, my bad. Done with school yet ?
that is my best guess. Nothing official on that.
I'm ready to mingle! You were the love of my childhood!
#TEDxDU first speaker Barry Hughes Global Futurist
i must have "fuck me over" sketched on my forehead.
looked pretty sexy in his bow tie #1DonSNL hmu <3
Can we be best friends?
aye hit me up
My history students keep asking when we will get to study World War II. It won't be long now.
we appreciate all the business were glad to be able to smog your vehicles
Instead of focusing on what WE know, let us instead focus on what we can learn from one another.
your site is AMAZING! Sally Mann is one of my absolute favorites! Awesome presentation!
The LED light bar is across the front roof...I bet u can see the car from Alaska! CC:
Grey's has gotten SO bad!!!! Ugh!
I was panicking while trying to make it all better. Now that I know everything is okay, I can sleep.
You can have your Nitchskes, Huffs, Butkuses, Lamberts, Singletarys, Lewises and Urlachers. I’ll take Mike Curtis. Tom E Curran NBC Sports
I highly recommend that no one who is not black tweet the following hashtag reference: #everyblackneighborhood Dangerous!
RT if you're
Better than i used to be by Tim McGraw is my song!!
Nice! R u coming tomorrow? Or, too soon 4 a return visit?
oh! Well you shouldve said hi! Didn't see you lol. Thanks for coming. :)
Back pocket, most of the time that's the anwser for me.
You know your in a town full of actors when ur at a lakers game and the only time the crowd gets crazy is when the screen directs "NOISE"
Converting all my ALAC to 320kbps MP3's because of the size of the collection. I need a classic iPod.
listening to lucero. preparing for another move.
Lol were talking about stupid people at my school.
that's wassup bra
Really would like to know if carries the FSN Plus channel. I don't see it listed, but Gophers (hockey) are on it tonight. Odd!
go to very back parking lot in the very back corner
Whoa... just pulled a and went a bit crazy on site!
You are welcome! It has been a great Tuesday.
yea Florida born Vegas raised
Build Day registration is now closed!!!!! Sorry folks!!! Thanks for supporting Habitat again!
end of the week..Have a great weekend everyone!
#HolidayImageTips A cocktail dress is inappropriate for the office, but a little black dress can be dressed up or down.
Tweet me a number and I'll put my iPod on shuffle and tweet you your song :)
Okay, so I know I feel a little under the weather. But now Facebook is showing me ads for a gout study and a rehab clinic.
I've reached my limit i will follow all you back tomorrow :*
Love this://instagr.am/p/mgVUi/
Everything is funnier, when you're not allowed to laugh.
BULLSHIT that Kevin Dineen isn't a nomination for the Jack Adams Award. A MAJOR contributor of the success this season.
Its like hell da bored house
The feeling after barely missing a bus or a train. There is something so deeply disappointing in it. :P
Good for you. Go girl, you earned it
NO RT : ringer n secret circle canceled .....
Time for math?
Creeping on my timeline feels good :L
Great Campaign! Really captures what natives truly love about NM!
i'm unsure how they're expecting me to work after i go into diabetic shock
What kind of phone does your friend have. I love rooting. Mod mine about 4 times a week
Worked out with family, watched #Celtics take the Knicks down & now my #Lakers are handling bizness. Beautiful #LA Sunday. #Life is good!
Thank you for the mention!! :)
stfu, knows I wouldn't do that .
the jkal wants to see it #nofriends either. AfTer work?
Will do thanks anyways though:) You guys are an amazing fansite!!!
From : Rep. Bachmann: Swiss citizen since 1978... Ya know, if Obama announced he was a dual-citizen, everyone would go ape shit.
very important Austin City Council meeting today at 10. watch live online if you cant make it.
thanks 4 following
Great to see you & Maya at the game RT : real excited for the game. Keep an eye out for Maya. Somos Timbers!!
ugh you still have My number
How can I help with PurpleStride?
Well, I'm sure that they exist.... Couldn't it be a patch onto everyone's mixer or amp?
im home schooled i dont get summer break sista
Creative and Unusual Lamp Designs Lamp can not only provides us light but also some
OMG the cheesy scenes just keep coming in this movie.
12....I actually posed that exact question to Jamie last night after seeing the Julie Wojta vosot
I'm just trying to get your anticipation up ha
#ThoughtsWhileRunning - I can't breathe!!
Starting the day at the DAS Symposium at the Linwood Dunn Theatre.
u tell ur friend that i love her nd i aint want her to be subjected 2 sex so culd she please stop tryna gimme that reputation
Preparing for our graduate and fellowship student reception!!!
I miss that too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> I am on a hiatus. :(
what time cause I don't remember this
hey friend
Exciting things coming today.... We Promise!
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up. What do you really want from your company?
Hey! My new opera is going to Belfast! Wanna help? Make a small donation [any amount would be amazing] at support.ChicagoVanguard.org.
No, there's a fat guy blocking me. RT Have you seen the horizon lately?
I'd like to be everything you want. Hey girl, lemme talk to you!
tryna lay it down like me.. Lol
Free Beer Friday: Come up with a new ESPY category and a sample winner! Call in 303-297-1510 or e-mail for free beer!
Today's the day to show up at Amazon Corporate with our cardboard Carnegie quotes in hand. "lending library" indeed?!?
If you were President, what would you eat at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint? Happy President's Day!
Become enlightened USDHHS states 61% child abuse is BIO mom. USDOJ 58% of child murders BIO mom. Dads R single digit N both study
You're most welcome!
Dear United States, you can't hack or prosecute your way to a leakless world. If you want to look good, try not doing bad.
An eclectic mix of comforting food & drink in a warm, relaxing, fun environment...coming to Milwaukee in October 2010.
Lakers and Mavs are in OVERTIME! Come on Dirk!
ha! Maybe 5 is over zealous....maybe 3 is more like it!
Every Belieber is Pregnant Because Of Jerry.
Dude this article is 2009... tariff rates are so high now in many of these countries that many are coming BACK to america!
#ITEC11 Join us for a presentation at 4:20 in room "I" covering digital media with
wow!!! I should have done this a long time ago!!!
Looking to Hire 4 Business Analysts! Let me know if you're interested. Verifying performance data and analyzing differences, producing perf…
Hey there! Has your story on Hijabs run yet? I can't find it on the FC website.
im so hungry ! D:
Okay...NOW I'll finish my final paper that's due at 2.
I cant take this heat. I just can't. I CAN'T TAKE IT! I need some lavender floral water to COOL OFF!
All you sponsorship/endorsement guru's out there: Check out 's partnership w/ California Dried Plum Board...
Mike Smith and Jonathan Quick in a conference final?? That could be awesome
The left is made up of competing parasites. -
u r too silly
So many boxes :o
not sure why the team invested a draft pick in a backup for Ray Rice but they have no talent behind Flacco.
is he staying forever this time?
For me, Evan Christopher stole the show today at Jazz Fest.
Tropicana peach orchard punch is the best juice on the planet
Good Morning! It's a new week meaning we've been granted new opportunities to be great!
Are you a dipper or squeezer?
LB () We're now working with the Latin American Tour, that's a way for us to develop next crop of Hispanic players
umm? hell yeah.
So weird, I was just talking about making homemade Ketchup!
just tweeted it
Nats get another. To the Bottom of the 7th... 3-2 Pirates.
Tonight $100 bottles of goose! (while still available) Shoot us a message or text a host @ 630.235.7357!
Don't know nothin bout horse racing, but the Derby call to post horns sure are stirring. What are other <U+266B><U+2669><U+266A> that make you come to attention?
Create until you craft your own corner of the world
Nervously Comfortable.
Good morning peeps :D
Wednesday always gives me pause to ponder my achievements. Like the fact I'm most likely going 2 live 2 see another Friday. Reasons 2 smile
Everyone's getting rough in this game! Crawford, Toews and Kane! Oh and Torres needs to GTFO!
ugh, I hate people
there's always room for improvement!
HEY iXL is from my hometown of Kearney Missouri! our team was the first ever team to use it!
funny story... That might've been why we were asking ;)
What are you most excited about growing in your garden this year? I am going to try strawberries for the first time, if anyone has any tips!
View is pretty! But I'm scared of snakes, Scorpions, tons of bees too, they come from desert behind us 2 drink poolwater!!
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
You have the power to turn positive to negative and vice versa.
why is it that as soon as I get to school I get a headache?
Also google virtualbox. Lets you run a different operating system within your current one (e.g., Snow Leopard within Windows)
Celtics ! Huge win on the road ! Rondo they had your back , now play smart and win baby
. Sticking it to the man!
(c) cutest fucken thing <3 omg. I was like AW. ahahah.
I Have Not Heard One Thing From A Laker Fan All Series Until Today Haha.. Hope Your Excited , OKC Is Coming Out The West
just read the article in #tasteofcountry; I love "She's Like Texas"
1300 people attending the #Houston holocaust museum dinner, raising $1.2 million! Many survivors attending.
First time in a long time in BORED out of my mind
oh never heared it so what grade. Me in 7th
. . I'm listening to the President's speech and it's not about gay marriage. It's women's rights, education, etc.
research into county boundaries starts with text -- the laws that create the counties as Performance Speech -- not maps.
Gonna tackle a big project, starting right now.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once never opened small stain.
whoop whoop!
Ditto! RT I am not ashamed to admit I would see "Ghost" the musical.
Stuck in windsocket (sp?) is a really good documentary on #OWN right now
just installing twitteroo...
Can't wait to get out of work and enjoy the weather.
We will see japan be more aggressive
Hannah you don't like anything! :D
At the Nuggets Game! Let's Go Nuggets!!! We Love Dj Bedz!
His dad told him to focus on college or find a shop& move out of our garage. From then on Jim pursued his love for repairing cars.
Equipment: a soft nylon slip collar, a 6-foot leash & a 30-foot length of rope is all you need! I also recommend getting a crate if you can.
what does #music mean to you?
you should pit them up against Perkins to see who give you the best cost per egg.
or, you have a new generation of leaders that expect transparency fill the vacated top spots. :)
Tomorrow is Woof Wednesday at Lofty Dog! 5% off food and 10% off everything else! See ya!
Watching #stateoftheunion makes me want to wear a bright blue suit. :-)
To what extent is a (real) reading knowledge of French & German expected for a PhD these days?
i dont think i can talk to u now...
This boy...
i wanna go to tumbling so bad!!!!!!
So great! RT It's good to be fellow #nonprofits doing good in #MKE, isn't it?
Studying is so fun! :D <----biggest lie of my life.
YES! That would be so perfect! Then paul having his own little solo
Canada!(: you?
Oh my, beautiful and Yummy!!! Will have to visit your page again!
I said fuck you if I'm not with you .
I also have not seen the movie.
what? Really?
GOOGLE AUTHENTICATOR is coming for us.
Thank you very much for the list. I will contact them shortly
Bad News #Red #Sox 0-7 on the road. Good News! Canceling NESN will save U money & if they keep losing on Tickets & Parking:)
Pretty gosh darn pumped to see Mr. in Bethesda this eve.
yeah it's just a Hallmark card holiday as they say(: but ew way to be a good friend -.- (referring to the crap person).
Is having the most shitiest evening ever. :''(
30 Rock has lost its touch, but damn the other two are big losses. RT : NBC cancels Parks and Rec, 30 Rock and Community?
I Knoooooo!!! :( My service sucks
woot thank you for listening :)
Be sure to check out this Thursday for Amber live 10pm-1am! No cover 21+
they obviously drugged your food lmao
what class are you in? It sounds fun hahaa
I'm one of the angry protesters and I fight with the swat team lol
What a great day with amazing people. Now if i could just fall asleep.
Yucca plants got full beautiful blooms in Albuquerque right now. Looking good!
that's a great question! It's the easiest way to get to Vegas, but most people don't realize we do that. Great odds fo sho!
you bringing clothes to change into?
didn't know you were in Baltimore!
who sucks at math like me?
how bout i come to your job and kick your ass
After a week off, tonight's Spurs game doesn't start until 8:30. I'm ready to go NOW.
Thanks for mentioning us! :)
Just finished two photo shoots with two great models! Now the editing begins.
Off too KC...
A rabbit just pooped jelly beans on the TV. What is the entertainment industry coming to?
I dont give a fuck about you anymore ..
How come I can't tag some people on FB ??
Hope we hook up on campus sometime. Maybe guest for each other's class.
That is quite annoying to say the least....
Does anyone have a restaurant suggestion for Stoughton, WI?
hey how your day today so far
so what is u doing
are you coming to SFO?
Wishing you a peaceful and fun holiday! Cheers to a healthy, happy, and prosperous 2012!
EU and US pledge loans 38 bil to Libya with what money? news flash the west is broke! Its becoming a joke their treatment of the bottom 90%
when i see you with her, slow dancing, tearing me apart cause you dont see me
#Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100% of their replacement value
Sad to see go from I'll miss the amazing stories and the cutest thing in the office- baby
I cross reference with IRB. And amazingly I start with a free or almost free database called spokeo.
immortals hell Yeah!!!!
So that explains A LOT.
Thanks for heads up.
can't complain. Where ya been?
Congrats on the show. Is it the Scrubs to Scandal's ER?
Another Boring day at work!!!!
Broncos LB Joe Mays hugging in the hallway and thanking him for what he has meant to the team and what he has taught them all.
Get close enough to have fun...but don't get attached enough to get hurt.
Ok, I think it's like a triple play for #Drupal, after weeks of toil, got Entity Translation working for Nodes, Menus & Webform FTW!
If the proxy correctly handles the expiration header then caching should be ok. Older browsers / proxies won't though.
": BLUES SCORE AGAIN! #bluesplayoffs"
The antithesis of link baiting... I'm not sure I want to see what's behind that instagram link.
Straight wasted}
oops sorry i mean WHEN sorry luv ya
work your way up to it. Show a lil here and there
let the pageants begin!! Yayyyyyy
If you look at #Africa, most of the major players are still corporations. - Mofe Boyo of
Cable TV and Movie Divisions Help Lift Time Warner Revenue
Didn't do my science !! 4got about it >_<
#fvsu when does simmer classes start again , you would think I knew by it being my 5th semester and all !
okay!! lol bye
they're jealous?:)
Buying black pants should not take this long
Curious to know if still got his Lotto tickets for tonight?
Never leave a close fight in the hands of the judges...
Watching the Femme Fatal concert footage. This is Britney best album ever!! She's soo hott!
Everyone please tweet to tweet us reasons why Sophies mom should buy her VIP, or else she can't get them!!!! Help us out (:
I just moved this week too.1400 miles away from KC.
Neither can I! I always have to make the little thinger read it to me.
lol RT : You should consider moving someplace warmer, like Boston. 52 today. RT : 9 degrees in Atlanta GA: W...T...F?
If you want to have the rainbow then sometimes youre gonna have to deal with the rain.
hey man you all good
When my dance teacher makes me show her my butt in my bikini bottoms because she says i need her approval
first order of a soldier is to obey order
Agree 100%. RT “: Fans that SCREAM on tee boxes are not #golf fans and should be escorted off property immediately ..”
Yes, I'm fine, but we'll see come tom. U know how it works, you feel fine and then you wake up the next day stiff.
ATTENTION LEADERS! MOST times people leave BAD managers, NOT bad organizations!
I will be on the horn with them and others. This is simply unacceptable.
Call me crazy, but while I hate getting things in my keyboard, I am absolutely fascinated by what's in there when I clean it out.
Ready for some more baseball tomorrow
EU program "blog forever" new tool for archiving blogs
I am surrounded by talented and kind people, like you and Aaron..some of it has to rub off!Hope you are well :)!
Thanks for the #FF love this week!
and exactly 2 months and 9 days from now we'll be leaving for the next one (;
we did good. The program was longer than I thought it was gon be.
that one song that you love but don't know the name <<
Animal Humane will bring adoptable pets to La Salita, giving you the opportunity to bring home a special friend.
you .. thats why Mama finna cook ... aha , Want Some tho ?
Clever, clever logos! Check them out: www.designshack.co.uk/articles/graphics/50-fantastically-clever-logos
not forever! Because junior year>freshman year>sophomore year.
damn it! I missed my chance
i know. poor family
RT : Self-reported consumer behavior on Facebook doesn't match up w/actual behavior, in my expereince.
Brad Caroll is an 18 year senior at Holley and he's running for a School Board position. He's on the air this us now! 98.9 the Buzz
Worked #prettyreckless last night wit the girl from
#TerrificThursday have a fantastic day big D :)
the India Fund Manager webinar was excellent! 20 Family Offices+15 Endowments+12 Pensions+7 Sovereign Wealth Funds attended!
The woman in front of me at Petco just asked if her son's pet lizard could drink bottled water. smh.
fancy seeing you here! :)
eBook prices will remain at this level, or fall, if we don't find a way to add value to ebooks. - Joe Wikert - Margin Walking
Book your limo for Summer Jam on Friday June 11th. Round Trip limo rates available! Free Wet Bar included! www.denverlimousine.com
Long Night ahead of me -A
All done with my #FFs for the day! DM me if I somehow forgot you and I will make it up to you...
Dir. Jarvis: parks have a role in our political and social discourse, the story of America is many voices, not one.
Vassallo, you're on twitter 2 days and you're already ripping on Buster. Nice!
You? Fat fingers?? Bwahahahahaha!!
Omge ah I bet
my fsbo offer was 10% over comp prices but $100k under the overpriced asking price and the buyer won't listen to any reasoning
If I were good at breakdancing, I'm fairly certain my life would be going differently.
would be awesome. Expect weeden, would rather have a right tackle.
Right, I forgot the name of the "new" studio.
must be nice...
You should show us pictures of all the foreign carriers with no where to go :)
It's ok, not your fault. I almost threw my iPhone to my laptop.
good luck man!! #BillsMafia wishes you the best!
#wordplay-o-d-day: ADDICTION: commercially speaking.
wait dude you're in Florida and didn't come say Hi to me ..I 'm in Tampa ... wow! Ariana in Florida
Goodmorning I don't feel good so I'm gunna stay home :) and play blackops :))))
I changed my car horn to sound like gun shots. People get out of my way a lot faster now
this conversation with hasnt had a dull moment at all an we been talkin all damn day smh
OH MY GOD, dying.
Hello Twitter!
should get Aaron Horkey to make Andrew Bird poster for Pittsburgh. Would be real cool of you!
this show is getting really good. i can't wait for next week!
This Sat doing Stand-up at The International Hypnosis Federation Conf in San Pedro. Comedy on Past-Life and Unconscious/Dark side of us all.
thank you :)
Banging out some great pages w on our feature script.
Watching Duck Dynasty…. again… I would pay/donate a lot of money to see these guys shave their beards off haha
im in this mess too!
Lol my gma was crying over the card that wasn't hers told her to read !!!
It's going to hit 90 today...I think it's time to put my snowshoes away.
don't fight it. It's in your DNA.
i dont want to though
Umm, did you get the HGG in the mail? It's to die. They MUST make a leopard iPhone case like the Ipad one!
NP : Ca$h Out Mixtape… It's My Time !
Call the local stations tell them to pull #BoycottRush Limbaugh save money & replace w/ #Huckabee & not hate & bigotry!
lots of cool people. Laaaawlss. ;)
I love Dan Meister
found an electric tooth brush in my cellar. schwag.
man me too lol
Had a pretty awesome day :D
My uterus and I would love to express our delight that the Matt Groening Springfield revelation has knocked Santorum out of Twitter Trends.
Mynas vs The Solid Suns vs Stickman Shadow vs Szabo. May the best local band win
Boys That Can Sing/Dance
I Am Following Him(:
Yes -- I think I might have to stop tweeting and process.
Sounds great! Just so all our followers know, there are no strings attached. It's a fun event to promote good beer & network.
Still 10 toes down
Who you telling
Dear new sub today, you're a wee bit attractive but please stop staring...
just heard o superman on a commercial during the office.. remember how creepy that song was??
There is a lot of EDU reforms going on - my gut feeling is that even with all these reforms, we are going to do WORSE. It is just a feeling.
": God Is Soo Amazing , I Must Say !"
Four tweets away from 5000
Who said he wasn't worth every penny?
that's pretty bad ass!!
's cameltoe is definitely one of the city's best!
heard you're never home
SPORTS CALENDAR
celtics jus caught back up all of the da sudden
-- Be The Difference, Born To Run
My boyfriend just threatened me. If my grades fall. He'll dump me. Because he doesnt want us dating to affect my grades. Im smart not stupid
Haha. I locked in my Mimi's basement with all the lights off.
thats works too..most if the time. Thought Id vibe out tonight. Lol
she ALWAYS has good stories ! lol
Sounds like Rashad Floyd. If so, he's a fucking idiot. Also, he dresses like a tool.
what mall you seen em at?
I don't wanna have kids, because like, why introduce them to all this fucking shit..? I'd feel like an asshole.
Def could've caught the bus and been home by now!
Can't wait for conditions to be perfect
what he should have, is a banner or some recognition in the rafters of Staples Center.
Looks like a full schedule today for the #NASATweetup. Hope everyone has their questions ready for Senator John Glenn!
I did and it didnt matter !:]
Reminder: Labor Day Hours SLU: Closed QA: 10m - 4pm ALL RAIN MEMBERS MAY USE The QA Rain ON LABOR DAY (Monday, Sept 5th)
Gotta get a signed pic from you. One of the kids I train here in Atl is from Philly. Loves u and the Sixers. Watches every game
nah I take the 728 now lol cause I'm to lazy to walk to the metro station
The Bank Shot Calculator is now live on iTunes! Press Release Offensive Billiards LLC Introduces the “Bank Shot Calculator” iPhone App S…
And how that growth can bring beauty to a smile to so many different lives.
&people ask why I love so much Thanks for everything
#WeWereCoolUntil your mouth started moving...
Happy 21st Birthday J-Ron! 21 Boots tonight
ha ha the lover snoring got him caught...stick a fork in me because I'm done
austin mahone is a sex god, lolololol.
you live to far nigga LOL
Would you like to dramatically increase your number of backlinks for better search engine indexing, rankings and traffic? FREE...
oh yay. tornado.
You threw away my heart like it was nothing, and now that my heart has finally let you go you come back to retrieve it
New all time low.. I can see my breath in my car.
3 more days until I report to the MTC!!!
#Romney can't wait to be able to use the #Bully Pulpit.
Amazing Twilight Sleep birth scene last night on Mad Men.
thank you :)
I'm glad you noticed ;-)
What's everyone doing today? #?
Out drinking and stuff. For fun. I could get used to this.
RT -Amazing animals-Great inspirational video-Turning disappointment into joy:From Service...
strewed streamers, streaming sunlight, shushed sunday
I know what you mean! It's a woman's heart,we are meant to love the babes no matter the Species:)
Thank you for supporting the Uni. We love it. We need it. We want to partner with folks like greencorp to do workshops and more.
I'm finna get my season pass to six flags so perhaps we can hit that up...
have a great show Adam! wish I coulda snagged some tickets
Thank you for the live updates
Let that shit burn let that shit burn !
dang girl aint talked to or seen you in a while
Let's.
that's what I'm here for baby, to make sure you're always happy :)
“: All kidding aside, it was a great presentation.” <-- +1000
#beardown RT : And in the third round, with the 88th overall pick, the Eagles do draft a QB, Arizona's Nick Foles.
Ion wanna be a player no more
Quarterly figures give hope to badly-hit Honda
now if we could just get Obama to step down! I'll bet your just sick you wasted your time trying to get people to vote forhim
wat to do rite now?!
Lol, eye see it but none of my ppls use it. Sorry, hopefully I'll hear it soon b4 it goes out of style.
unfortunately not for a bit, looking for a drummer. Know any?:)
oh okay I see lol
Its written in the stars and all over your face.
First veggies in new garden are green apple cukes from Baker Creek Seeds
Happy valentines Mary. Its been a good 4 years
omg really! We haV my bus driver
They still suck.. /: Haha. All I do is laugh at them.
So basically, I drove home from WeHo's kettlebell class last night GLOWING from a great, great class ...
I have been to the ISTE island in SL when I was at UNI with Dr. Leigh Zeitz...it is a cool island!
#letsdothis I am in would love to play
I WANNA MEET YOU KNOWING YOU ONLY LIVE 30 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME ! LOL
weekend one of our shoot, was a success! We're looking forward to the next three!
I forgot to stop at Paola's house to drop off her book <U+E401>
At this point my life is changing. That means I gotta get you bitch ass fake mfs out of the way,
So same size as Kindle.
That scary moment when you put a ring on your fringer and can't take it off.
my man! I went to T.A. Howard as well!
I have on good authority that is currently making it rain at a Louisville gentlemen's establishment.
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
Testing… this should work. bingo players
than you too! love your avatar!
- Good luck with the show! Will catch up with you later this week!
It kinda sucks to be treated like you're the worst person ever, for reasons unknown, by someone who claimed to love you so much.
RT “: Listening to talk about telling the real estate story via video. <3 ” [Thx! Hope you enjoy it]
Exactly. I minored in French also. Now I'm lucky if I can summon a "bonjour." Wish someone had told me about use-it-or-lose-it.
bring those papers for me tommorow pleease <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
we agree!! Glad you enjoyed yourself!
Thx! We do them in house! RT : Kudos to the folks who write the covers for The work is incredible.
Playing Pop-Punk Meets Metal. tonight!!! Come chill!
hey come check us out at
RT : Clarification: I thought Q4 asked for ways to measure agent productivity....
damn fam. It's real out here lol
Sounds good! We do offer classes for all age ranges, so please let us know when you're interested!
oh well hopefull u get to meet them
The really unusual day is a day when nothing unusual happens.
Your so Cupid (:
I love late starts, they're the only thing i look forward to all week (':
Learn from yesterday, Live for today, Hope for tomorrow
see u guys in a little bit!
lot's of bad hair! Long story how I got here.
I wish i lived in London :P
SEND ME THAT MATT
nectar of the gods
Those chips and salsa >>>>>>>
- Got 'em. Way to go Tigers!
It's unfortunate that Susan had an historic opportunity as a woman and a "non politician" to run but chose to use "negative" tactics.
ok Madison
... and only then, could it be true that Republicans are not the problem,
Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession - Portales News-Tribune Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession Portales Ne
Pies & cornbread made. Yay;-)
Our suggestion, build base of local followers. You want to connect to your community. Best of luck.
This week has gone by so slow. I can't wait for the weekend (:
Im torn between the two....bahhh
Watching Fanboys and envying all the star wars merch.
Amen to that!
LOL! Hm.... ;P RT "I'm not happy until your underwear is wet!"
Thanks for RT!
RIP Junior Seau
RT: RT Do you want more Followers? RT&Follow
S/o to sexy
RT @ mikenealis RT : OH: "Peeing on things is like foursquare for dogs."
raise one hand if you hate the
i just watched the finale. i cant even breathe. claire and eli are back omgomgomg. THAT SHOULD BE ME, just saying.
Wonderful. Another solid blue state picks our candidate": THUMBS UP: California Republicans get behind Mitt Romney #tcot #tlot"
Got VIP tickets to BTR.
Been a long week, glad I've done what I needed to do...
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
Froto is a buzz kill!
Amen! “We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.” ~Winston Churchill
#FF Here's some great tweeps to follow this week:
Missed puppy Lucy :) seriously adorable
Gandolfo's in RC for lunch. Excellent as always.
Formulate and stamp on your mind a mental picture of yourself succeeding. ~Norman Vincent Peale
let me know what you thought of Streamclip if that's what you use.
Indeed! Will be at Twilight Room at 5, Merlo at 6pm. Thanks! :)
Dude, who was it? A regular?
Metta World Peace is gonna need a lot more than another name change this time...
happy mothers day Mull
not a big fan of usin the "hey we're still in 1st! its ok we blew today" argument. if we keep losing we wont be in 1st for long
American Idol Recap: Is Skylar Laine In Trouble?
Yes I'm more excited for summer time then being done with the easy part of college glad I got to see you saturday been to long
I just finished my favorite book ever and the ending sucked. Stupid Cliffhangers!
I saw destroyer of worlds as well! Good show!
Sir yes Sir!
Land tries to press play with her fat ass feet
Yet he couldn't wait to leave...: take some time 2 watch Lebron's MVP speech 2day. Totally appreciates where he comes from
Kiss My Swag.
umm yes...you are correct...I also did his eyebrow penciling
What can I say? I'm a classy guy. Dinner, Wine, and Madmen
#becauseofjustin I hate the jonas brothers (: thank you justin
Just take another pill, yea bet you, you will..
Today, let me know the way, go the way, and show the way.
. Thanks to Affordable Care Act, MA plans are not getting subsidized like they used to.
Great mtgs today! and an informal with
Let the games begin
no we def don't. I'm a die hard packers fan living in Illinois haha.
Password reset #tweetthatb*tch! Watch out for these hackaholics anonymous 3rd party apps ya'll!
says access is the key to every story. Interviews are most inefficient. "I just want to hang out. Find place."
Heading over to Travis High School to talk about politics again! Can't wait!
Oh I'm sorry Amanda how was your Halloween?
if you bet on the giants to beat the packers, you got a tasty Greek salad w/shrimp- paid for by :-)
Embracing diversity will improve success
When there are live #twitter events for TV shows, the ratings go up 1% says
Ohh totally!!! We totally were better than rebecca's squad(; or was she on ours?! I forgot!
Would Jesus use sunscreen?
lmao damn just like that huh? I like how you didn't hold back, put me on blast lol
Back in the Tech Center office... TCB.
seriously !!!! I have the worst road rage ever too hahahah
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
bestfriend isn't going to be at tryouts tonight. -.-
I gotta wake up at 6 am for school! :P Wish I could sleep til 11!
happy birthday!
u know admitting u have a problem is the first step...lool
man idk if we can b friends today.
If you're not for gay marriage I don't want to know you.
Which feed are you referring to?
Happy 18th to Mr. !! WOO HOO!! How do you think he's celebrating??
Pink moscato M
I love u 2
Terrace MT: Mickies for breakfast, followed by 70play Badgers scrimmage. Is there a better way to spend a Wisco spring morning?
You're welcome. Cool... Will review email 2morrow. Gotta be up at 2am :-) Cheers!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Tupac the TRUTH.
watched you and play early today
Only a particularly awesome graf. I left them wanting much, much more.
Thanks! Money is always the key!
What's up Twitter and Facebook Gm I'm starting my own broadcast company for the poor and under achieving people let's do this
This weekend is the Youth Competition at the Loutit Library lower level Sat/Sun. Come and vote for your favorite aspiring artist!
Good for Marcum.
why is a pregnant woman risking being at a protest?
Hey Lisa, we just wanted to check-in. Are you still planning on running "Tarkio Balloon" on the site? Thanks!
Noel Gallagher on Jack White: "[He] did a song for Coca-Cola. And he looks like Zorro on doughnuts."
Who would pick on a special needs kid? I hope your dreams come true buddy!
not happening.
I just found out about Amy Winehouse. Wow...I'm so behind. I'm scared to think about global news I'm behind on.
I'll be sure to do that every time I'm hacking some RoR
Braking in my workout bar while listening to reggaeton
I made my basketball team!!!! I'm happy, and now I'm home, after basketball practice, AND softball practice, and now I am very very tired!!!
Nigga that was my life
This is bull shit.
"bread delivery" #standby ;) rt “: Whats going on today? Tents and security...”
I'm an optimist
I love it! Awesome.
ah never mind sun is out. Well there you go that's #Miami weather for you...
sorry i have been busy with junior fire department but i will always have time for you i hope you forgive me -love you bells!!!
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.
ditto. RT : Looking forward to yoga tonight with !
Frustration is like a...
Giiiirrrlll SWV has a new single! "Co-sign"
THANK YOU
nice site! look forward to reading your posts. thanks for the follow.
Those who FEAR to live their dream are only setting themselves up for Failure
thanks for coming!
NO FUCKING WAY! haha too funny =) i came across him on instagram
RT : RT Opportunities to take college level classes on high school are incredible, says
S/O TO HE REAL GOON ON TWITTER
FIRE SPAZ NOW!
In CQ Today: Senate Intel panel backtracks on military intelligence budget number, said it was an error.
ITS NOT EVEN MEMORIAL DAY - SO MUCH SUMMER LEFT
The Shins station on is not not bringing a smile to my face today
Almost there. Fuck this sadness because im beating it.
I dunno lol
i read all those, please, what do you think i'm running over here
anyone at mc today tryna chill?
I had to donate 1/2 my books once (when I moved overseas). I think I'm overcompensating for that trauma! :)
Lost one game. ONE FUCKING GAME. Just wow. So impressive.
Back after class watching The 5 years engagement !
humility is one of the most important tools in learning, unfortunately this tends to decrease as confidence is gained from learning
No one has the right to judge you. They might have heard your stories, but they didn’t feel what you were going through.
Were pine needles involved in that mulch fire?
I luv u guys!!!
Hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. Please follow me back. :-)
a lot of emotion tonight during a vigil for Westerville teacher shot and killed last night. story coming up at 11.
Miss you buddy :(
Kalon reminds me of the scarecrow from The Dark Knight.
First time I saw the view this am. N I was sitting in dentist chair
you clearly missed yesterday's rant about inconsiderate coffee shop patrons using wifi to video skype, but thanks! ;)
Dear , your email blast titled "Pip, Pip Hooray" nnouncing your new chick? Cutest ever!
Listen to right now, LIVE, on right now. (but only if you like awesome things)
Who likes Chic-fil-a more than Nick?
Hot damn. Awesome, Tim. RT : Congrats Tim RT : i am very happy to welcome mr to the verge.
See me in the newly released #musicvideo for the song "Marry Me" by the band !! Available on iTunes now!
had a great time at la trattoria with my osborn drive family!!!
Hail really....?
i'm dying to know why flocke pushed mr. hume down the well.
SO hilarious how many people are texting me asking who we're subtweeting hahahaha!
Hell yeah Boosie free !
takes care of all
FB: why does your uploader suck so hard?
watching draft day coverage. A runningback for the Broncos?!??! I don't think I feel good about this...
I tweet with the thunder
Thanks for the great work and
I miss texting </33
I had thought he hadn't played much against us, but was surprised that it was that little. Nice work, btw!
re : I've seen the truth for myself. But you go ahead; swap lives with one of those children. Knock yourself out.
On the car ride home, my mom and I were listening to old songs and guessing the decade it was released in. Good times.
We have the lowest prices. please come in or call us.
Wow! Beverly Kearney is extraordinary!
Still getting fried over here! Hopefully it will end this week like they say :/
that's what I'm saying! But its whatever! AOE(;
Oh, fuck you, boss.
Sorry for late response - I'm a screenwriter and entrepreneur. Delving into transmedia along with the regular avenues for content.
Sunday Funday - what's everyone doing?
CONGRATS on winning The Voice! Jermaine is amazing!(: love you
Yes, the same concept. We are early in our production, but ping us in a couple of months for review samples for sure
plz fallow me? i think u r so cute
I'm like the honeybadger I just don't give a shit
I want some beans and rice now thanks Cady.
Cigarettes and Alcochol next.
How about them Flyers?
The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought.
I love James Roday...
Those comparisons aren't really the same, especially the Toronto one.
Yes, yes, yes to MLS resorts!!!!
don't think knew you're going to Scotland, too. He looked scared. No beer for him. Missed drinking w/me opp at
: Watched David Lynch's Dune for the first time as an adult. Huh. I think the production team was on way too much Spice.
Tip for WOMEN: Concentrate on keeping your upper arm in close and somewhat tight to your body
Hackathons - encouraging users to build concepts or apps on how to deliver and use content the way they want it
Lol, seriously. That's a deal-breaker!
I'll toss you an email.
That series of tweets may be the peak of my day. I'm calling it. Time to go back to bed.
RT Just unfroze my LA FITNESS acct time for some liftin this week
just recognizing that I recognize. Hello & Godspeed! #HomeTeam tweet.
I can't be here its too early I only come for this damn math class.
I did. WooT!
Great suggestion RT : “: Road to Hana. Let's do this.”. Check out the rainbow eucalyptus trees on the way! Amazing!
STOP BY AND PICK ME UP..I'M ON THE WEST SIDE :)
do u like drake?
you look TAN! & BTW, I like the toilet. Lolololololololol
omg do you wanna skype!?
Excuses are lame.
If only my pitchers didn't have an average ERA of 7.63 tonight.
This jitney driver is big AZ fawk. This nigga is sitting up straight with his seat pushed all the way back.
any specials on Saturday? We're coming up for night skiing!
I hate that Arby's fries are so good.
Happy birthday Don't hurt 'em!
whatever Bitch . & Idk not that long Shit rude
#NFLNetwork just reporting apparent self inflicted shooting death of Former #SDChargers Junior Seau. Team confirmed.
Cards are in the air for our 1-3NLH and double hours are going on right now! Only a few seats left so hurry on over to lock yours up!
Entin: Troubled by class becoming metaphorical. It may not be an organic identity but acts and feels like it is. YES.
Good Morning Twitter Family,Today is Vocal Rush's Last Day Of School. Wishing you All Good luck on your last Finals!
Good one, with the bad weave LOL
“: Hangin' out in West Philadelphia.” born and raised...
#WFUD12 Torres: conservative lawyering stifles journalistic fair use. But fair use is little more than "the right to hire a lawyer."
On-site shredding available! Since the Data Shark is mobile, it can travel to you for all of your hard drive and media shredding needs.
My World Revolves Around
U guys deserve it! RT RT : #mlamobiletech - Nice nod to the RMLs - thanks, Heather and Alisha!
I know I may be late to the party but I just finished watching #BreakingBad.... AMAZING!!!
thanks for the recommendation and helping spread the word about us! We really appreciate it!
tracking for my new album starts next week!! This is gonna be a long process but im so excited to get started!! :)
haha. It's gonna be huge! ; )
Idea: Public officials making over a $1 million should take a voluntary pay cut. What do you think? Call in now: 317-736-0950
When you're good, you're good
Cripes. Making sure I'm abiding by the formatting rules for my thesis is almost as hard as writing the damn thing.
what growth? .___.
"hey man, got any fuego?"
Need more followers!
yes?:) text me!
Um, the Packers run game is non existent. I guess its only week 3.
Ahaha! Congress?! I don't know... I'm not even 18 yet.
Just completed interview on re visit to México City & San Diego Small Business Awards Reception to be held on May 31.
Why do we feel better after we pop a zit or take a dump? Guess it just feels nice to rid the body of excess waste & toxins. Smoke weed!!
There goes felix
Screw that shit
I'm not really sure how you missed the sarcasm in my posts.
THis rain better stop before 6
Thx for the mention, happy 4th of July weekend to you!
Let's get this win #Dawgs!
boy don't I knoq
Thanks! Hope to see you at a #JLB show! :D
2 kegs! House show on Friday night w/ our boys in Last Action Hero and also other special guests! 4808 Scarsdale Austin tx Be there!!
I got you.
Excited to finally taste 's creations tonight with some great friends.
Ugh. Try to be cute but no. xox
u like watching them smear the lipbalm...naughty.;-)
"The Lorax" was punk. Honor the memory.
Thank you!
Hey girl!
RT : Congrats to for top 10 ranking in SEO's Best Social Media Marketing Services Feb 2012
Jennifer Aniston's Wedding &amp; Engagement Magazine Covers Through the Years (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
(pl) 14 million kids will go hungry this #weekend in the United States.
wait a second... Am I socially awkward or is it them?
I'm exhausted from asking you to vote. You are exhausted from voting. 2 more days and it's over I promise. no matter what, sincerely, thanku
I do apologize, though. I shouldn't have jumped you for your opinion. We love Cal here and we see him in ways others don't.
is there an Orange Julius anywhere in town?
Thanks for the FF love. Have an awesome weekend!
haha! actually, I watch too many home designing programs.
for a moment I thought "Kevin Costner" came up as a "person I might know" on LI - but it wasn't him...
I feel you :(
Old habits die hard.
Damn I need a car
Thanks much for the follow.
I Guarentee I Can Have Anyone Of Mi Ex's Bck, Cuz Dey Always Come Bck
Oh hell yes!
I love you madly sing beautiful're super cool # beliberboy: D
Man, I ate like a pig and now drinking like a fish ;)
appreciate the follow and all that fire you have in your belly. you're doing good stuff. keep it up!
Haha. Whose cat is that?
Swartz: Novel's form enables impersonal persons, via the moral maxim.
RT Don't merely seek to do it or intend to do it. Get busy working on it!!!!!
- is right, look at your audience (pretty sure I drank the majority of 2 pitchers last week....)
Me too!
Got a Pentel 205 mechanical pencil yesterday (thx ) @ Contact Supply Inc. Great store & service. Support a local business.
So happy ! made some bonus money!!
Minnesota is quite fab
6 AL Discrimination in Housing 54% of the subsidized housing population consists of female-headed households
going to make cheeseburgers and crinkle fries 2nite. Why do crinkle fries taste better than regular fries?
Though I note that Hastings has about as little understanding of how to fight a war as possible and still be a war reporter. Possibly less.
There's a reason weather forecasters include "X% chance of" in their predictions. None of this stuff is ever fully exact.
In Cincy getting it in right now with the seafood at JT's!!!!
McCoy to Shipley! Oh, I love saying that. Horns down to the Baylor 3 yd line.
Oh yeah, that was for my Red Bull Music Academy event + showcase. We'll prob do another kind of event like that this summer.
We are using medical terminology to describe the curvature in the spine of this book. Gosh, i love archivists.
Thank you. Hasn't been short in awhile. Just gotta get used to it.
Oh no! I wonder if that's to do with an engineering habit of mind... Problem-solution link must be situated...?
Don't forget to wear your t-shirts to the Vintage Reggae Winterfest in Miramar, Florida, February 19th, 2012! BooM! 88degrees tomorrow
damn. No joke there man! Keep the tunes coming and stay outta trouble..trouble, really digging Dreams album, keep shredding
Belated take on NCAA Championship game: grinding game; no future NBA stars on floor. J. Scheyer ineffective; K. Singler was the difference.
"if its not too late for coffee, I'll be at your place in ten. We'll hit that all night diner and then, we'll see."
#Imagine Austin: Letters start with A B C. Numbers start with 1 2 3. Songs start with Do-Re-Mi. Love starts with you and me.<3
I actually posted quite a few thoughts in the #edchatsa group today, but from the Take a look.
#Huguely defense lawyer Fran Lawrence walks in alone. His says co-counsel is still ill. No word on if court will go on.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, living room, dinning room, patio
Dammit ! It is so hard to be mad at someone you love -__-
Can we add O.A.R.'s Crazy Game of Poker, the Gourd's Gin and Juice, and Come On Eileen?
Jeeshhh hardcore advice on twitter.
The people who operate Google maps might have you on camera. Nice shirt.
Is feelin like crap, thanx to my son. Bac n the bed I go
Writing group with , , and Back on the horse. Rock.
hey :-) we're stil cool over here! :-)
Don't teach WWII, personally, but have given that one to preservTs. Fantastic portrayal.
congrats to ur bro and all, but COME BACK!!
take no prisoners!
Ha! ...you know. RT " "Discombobulated" is a big word for people who don't know any big words."
Good - I really like 11.04 over previous versions. I think you'll find it better too.
I no u deserve sumtin good u no ill always be hea to tlk
Now trying to determine why so many are gung ho about supporting when there is no plan on how he intends to offer choices
There is never a reason to cheat on someone. If you aren't happy, just leave. Why didn't he just leave???
A match without a Messi goal? That can't be. 2-0 regardless.
Colors and design would be more effective than signage, by far. And look a lot cooler.
.: "Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results." ~ Patton
completed her food and exercise diary for 09/14/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Barack needs to wake up and fire this idiot TODAY
RT : Love on your mommy even if she left you or has passed on. Honor thy mother and thy father. Be strong my loves.
Oh no!! D: Is she still depressed because of what happened to her? :,"(
both are beautiful, i like the one on the left alot ;) lol
hahaha aight! I'll leave that responsibility up to you Drew! Lol
U have beaten them 8 times in a row? keep it up! “: goes to Centre Thursday to extend our win streak vs them to 9”
I fell ye Maxi One day you'll be able to do whatever you want and it will be glorious but missed are the days I was your age.
User experience in your web design includes easy navigation, creative design, a built-in trust factor, and engaging content.
Thanks Oklahoma City for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
No steamroller here. Just lots of beef and sausage. Have fun and good luck keeping off the machinery.
Family... Genetically trained to love them but fuck!.. even they you still can't stand them!
thanks(: I'm about to go in the class
They're playing 'black n yellow' at a Bar in toledo... Why can't I escape this song?
BOB = Bits of Brilliance >> Gotta do something with that! #BOBcon or #BOBchat perhaps? Or maybe a book.
thanx fam u do the same
why do you like Ariana? you love rap music? You know how to dance?
it's okay:) I understand, twitter usually doesn't let me follow any more people too:)
Come n chk out artists at the Hub Leo Lounge on June 18 SAT. at 8pm. #FREEadmission RT
Nick's storyline on #Revenge has so many layers. Such depth and beauty. Tonight's episode was heartbreaking. I absolutely loved it.
Take any job and turn it into your bliss. -
Trying to write a slide deck on academic quality with Madonna's "Like a Prayer" stuck in my head for absolutely no good reason. Sigh.
thanks you are too (:
RT : Dumbarton House in DC seeks a spring Curatorial Intern. For details visit www.DumbartonHouse.org
I don't mind the fatigue and runny nose, but the constant itch in my nose is driving me completely insane. Curse you, rhinovirus!
"A Lot of Impact with a Little Spanish" now from Dawn Strickland! Great sessions today so far.
Looking like a pitchers duel so far!
When I first setup the R/GA twitter account I had to explain why we needed it... Those were the days... :)
I'm so excited! There's a Wii Country Dance 2. Better get out my boots and hat. Let's do some line dancing. Yee haw!
Indeed, she has been getting presents for 3 or 4 days straight....
Tebow is going to the playoffs.
I need some more followers! FOLLOW ME PEOPLE!
Hmn well I have 2 names anyways so fuck u :p
Been itching for some new music. Tend to go for folk/rock. What recommendations do you have?
im gonna
Alright I'll give you one..you're tweets are hilarious too
True story. What a country!
Hobo with a Shotgun RT : Haven't seen ANY movies in forever - long flights ahead - what should I download?
yeaah she is . she followed the first day i made the account .
Since I had it I ain't been right..but I gotta feel that high again..Shawty Got Work!!!
It's 12:30 and i'm too hungover to get out of bed but too hungover to fall back asleep. this is the worst
You are amazing <3 Thank you
When people try to tell me what to do <<<<<<
Happy 75th Birthday Mary Tyler Moore
": Awwh yay! Jasmen just made my morning:D" KELLIN I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!
The New York Football Giants are so much better then your favorite football team
EROTIC~ To cause sexual desire or excitement :P
thank you so much! Just transitioned to photography full time, let's hope others like it too LOL :)
": the inevitable irony of the music reviewer: judges being judged / reviews being reviewed" just thinkin ths the other day!
TECHdotMN — The state of technology in Minnesota
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
The girl Im stalking is looking in my direction so I'm pretending to tweet. Haha dummy.
Thanks for participating, everyone. We may have a guest host next week... stay tuned!
A syllogism is an argument in which, with certain things established, something else follows necessarily because of them #Aristotle Top.I.25
The music video will be shot in Minneapolis for the song "Last Breath."
Just renewed my football tickets! woohoo!
Prices r reasonable & u may luck up on a special, as they have them often!
Its too early :(
Battle: Los Angeles. Skip it.
About to shower then hop in the bed.. so... bye!
always keeps me in the know when it comes to contemp. music history. That's why iloveujaredcox
i will be, i just have to do my thirty minutes of complaining first lol
Hey Ciara, do you have a facebook account??
Thanks for the follow!
The impetus for these applied programs come from a wide variety of non-academic , but have to be devloped to dovetail w other needs
Penn State leads Drexel 9-6 in tonight's other CAA semi, or so says the announcer here at Garber.
Roll one then I'll light it. Order one and I'll buy it.
#BestTimeToSmokeWeed is trending on Guess Underage Pothead must be in pre-production.
I can't get enough The Big C keeps the reality of life alive!
Chillin... sup tl? (don't be afraid ta speak lol]
fasho wen i get bak in the mil from school ill have to check his work out
just starting ! At my apt. You can come over! Or we might go to jakes in a lilll bitty
i been grown girl :)
Sometimes as an #artist or #writer it's better to keep the comments hidden! They say the curiosity kills the cat?
Fight fire with WATER - LOVE your haters - LEARN from your mistakes instead of running!
So you like Queen, Yoga and cats... Well I like cats too is all I was getting at, calm down tough guy!
lmao ! With a fanny pack
I believe that is worse RT : Choosing what t-shirts to buy/keep is like choosing who to follow on twitter.
pretty good Jimmy. What's up with you?
#Tonight #theplacetobe is inside the for the reunion party. 10pm DON'T MISS IT!
Congratulations Whitney Houston! 8 weeks sober today!
I average about 19 tabs open AT ALL TIMES and that's the best part of my personality.
Raising my glass cause I am wrong in all the right ways....
Honey sweet as sugar but cold as ice!
Beyond tired <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
time for a new (unbiased) survey?
Sure! Best wishes to you in the New Year. If you ever want to have future convos I'm here for you. :)
This was amazing. I plan on looking the rest of this convo up later. Thank you!
YES HE DID! Haha
I am looking over Mickey's shoulder.
For everyone that I followed, Please do follow back,not for me but for this
hmm STRESSED/DESSERTS see the connection? : “: “racecar” is “racecar” backwards.” Hmm...so, it is.”
ah!! What a beauty!!
I Should Be On Feed The Children.
Agreed! RT : Haha! Better to call him Meatwad than... Jason.
thank you !
I think that I'm being slept on...
I have a confession. Last night's Daily Dose was inspired by The Girl Next Door. Don't judge.
#Jeffwholivesathome Touching reminder of what a beautiful blessing this life is. Laugh out loud moments are an added bonus.
Right now Arnold hopes this #Grimsvoth story really blows up.
Road trip! Road trip!
ChatRoulette just became an official sponsor or #Koney 2012!!
Who's going to see From Apathy at BackstageLive next weekend!?
- better safe than murdered in a hole in a cornfield
are you drinking tea leave tea and wearing a flannel?
Invitation Printing. Add a personal touch to the special occasion. Classic and modern invitation printing at NYC Printing 123. Call...
Chek out our sale today on our book only $4.99 www.createmoneyweb.com
Big Idea #2: Post Card Views. Maximum building heights, green space
But can you make it not black and white?
Dreamers know that the world today finds ways to hold you down. But their faith in what they wish to accomplish brings them above all that.
muAh love you baby
Shooter McGavin needs to stop eating pieces of shit for breakfast.
Alot of people riding bikes to work today. I thought Bike To Work Day is friday
Rampage Jackson Quits MMA
Fandom propells collaboration- informal learning in games like theorycraft in WoW. Mechanics of peeragogy? re
I tried googling your name. Nothing came up.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth. — Pablo Picasso
we both do.. but i have them alot
hahaha whatever. i love them all
now is the time. The time is now.
yeah he's definitely filling that dave chappelle void
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
Skype is crap. Too much spam.
True... I had more.
I was really excited for monsters inc 2 until I found out it was a prequel -__-
Thanks! Big brain-dump sent your way. No need to respond in kind.
Under a Match = Total Sooks Move “: Do you know my hometown, major, and honoraries?
am I the only one yelping at US Open? HOLY MAN. I love this game
thank you :)
What is your favourite thing to do when you're sad, that will cheer you up..
RT : I'm gonna have beer when I'm six, and you can't stop me. -o
drink rum and coke with me!!
I sang Seize The Day for 9th grade choir in 2007 and it was my favorite song i still know every word
Ozzie: "It’s going to be a very difficult moment for me. I ask for forgiveness with my heart in my hands, on my knees."
me too! “: Double fisting already. #Oscars”
you follow me don't you? :D (sorry I had to say it, Lol)
TRAB breakout watch....
burning the candle at both ends. gilding the lily. bringing coals to Newcastle.
Nvm...got it
that one part in #NSN3D when you hold your hand out that made me go crazy <33
Career Day at Fulton: 1st little girl I met wants to be an electrical engineer. Yes!
The team also recognized ticket guru Darren Duplechin and student Joey Leon for their contributions to the Pioneers.
thanks so much, Barbara, I really appreciate it! Be sure to share us with anyone who wants to win #freebooks!
In case you haven't already heard, I dreamt last night that Ron Paul was my sugar daddy... and he was addicted to #Viagra lol.
come back hooker ;)
Lumiere place St. Louis, Mo
We'll be hanging out in the Castro after #sextech2012 today and passing out free condoms. Anybody welcome to join the fun! ...
It's I love you
We have SOLMO. Let the games/problems begin. (cc: )
i really fucking hate teachers -__-
having stomach problems is probably one of the worst things anyone can experiance.
#lis483 ... but I knew then and knew now they were doing their best/had good intentions. Still felt rotten! (2/2)
IM SORRY BUT UR NOT LISTEN TO ME SO IM GOING TO BED AND UR NOT TALKIN TO ME NITE
RT McKinsey estimates: if the US closed ed gap between us & better performing nations, GDP could be $1.3-2.3 trillion higher.
Day one of family reunion down. Tomorrow, pictures, science, museum and then back home!
It was just as bad as it sounds. I wish I could unhear it.
haha...normally, but it happened to be a welcome break from the drudgery of work!
impressive! are you tapering soon for any championship meets?
LIVE-TO-AIR until 2am from Dragonfly Nightclub inside the Fallsview Casino with your boy, Nicholas Picholas!
make sure to take paper so you can doodle...trust me driving school is so boring!
Thanks for the !
Already a done deal. Afriad to say I haven't updated since joining though :-/
aw I'm sorry girl! Tomorrow is a new day and God has a plan to make it better!
No i do not
Two dumb bitch sharing a moment is the worst
I-95 is shut down, that explains all this traffic.
OK seriously, I just cried while watching The Hunger Games PREVIEW. Dang hormones. This is why I'm not out tonight.
just say go!!!!
so you should basically bring forth all of your whore-ish tendencies
You can't have spaces in your hash tags
Breaking News: Mayor Corey Booker saves neighbor from burning house. GOP charges he trespassed & woman should've stood her ground
I'm a great shooter rt!
Just catching #BBW and if I were Keshia that crazy bitch Kenya or whatever her names is would be slapped.
just wake up lol
Mrs. had a great time working with you to help clean up RI Ave.!
ROSE'S ARE RED VILOTS ARE BLUE THINGS ARE SO HARD AND SO R YOU #MORE2COME RT IF U LIKE DEM
congrats on #ttmamae - i love the poignant philosophy behind it: a timely indication of where we are and where we're heading
Man v food. Like watching a really bad car crash.
thank you for participating to our HHTA meeting! I look forward to collaborate with you!
back tomorrow #offline thanks everyone for the #FF and the awesome support you guys rock!! thanks for helping me reach 200 followers
its impossible to get noticed by you. #BELIEVE <3
Heading over to the garages
So I could not remember my twitter user name a minute ago
Dang y'all still up lol
You need to allow folks to chat so they find the session engaging and they stay involved
is that dre,snoop,and odb?
where can i get it?
#NP Faith - Dawn Richard
I've kinda been thinking about becoming a vegetarian again :3
probably going to go to the city Sat morning. You want to roll?
you deserve to die for that.
Excellent. Much appreciated! will post blog location details when that gets nailed down.
I just realized that I'm 1/2 way thro high skl... I only have 2 more years ... Then I have 10 years of college ... Wow ...
I live off em!
Hsp salutes steve jobs! Rest in ipeace.
Just heard MiniMubarak speak. His message to Senate Dems is the same as to public workers, "Shut up, and eat this cattle feed."
beautiful warm sunshine........and lots of naked people sunbathing!
Some guys want the REAL thing, and others want a one night stand. Don't be that girl.
Who is the one person you would nominate to be interviewed on our show if you could?
RT : Manny Pacquiao never made those comments.
Love just harder to decide.:/
Definitely not feeling dance tonight
- Yes and it is pissing me off!
Just heard someone say: ”I like the way you say “twitter,” it sounds dirty!
Thanks man! Me too. Spikes were feeling too much like a clown :-/
With this guy, I would highly recommend flipping him the bird...using the hand w/the bracelet of course. But that's just me ;)
Dudethat's the worst pickup line ever. What's next, u'll tell her U used to work as a clown & get makup discounts?
I clocked out at the 30 minute mark. So far,so bad. I must have been really tired.
James Brown rocks Pandora :)
AGAIN Thank you all for sharing memories & thoughts about your MOM! #HappyMother'sDay
. eh? I'd like to meet him. Why don't the two of you stop by the SCDP offices sometime.
What do you say to taking chances?
How y'all doing ladies?!
When the horse goes by you and snots on you bet on him it's good luck!! I did and won
Remember when we saw Sigur Ros live?
So far we have & Pattie Curry attending #SHRMAtlanta from ILSHRM - doing survey of board now.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
It's 4:20 in Amsterdam, & the streets are quiet and largely deserted. Hm.
Can you really start your day off better than w mariah carey and always be my baby? Takes me back to 6th grade every time. Happy hump day
It's the little things and all the Joy it bring.
I don't have fb): show me this weekend! I CAN'T WAIT!
consider it done!!!
RT ASPCA PETA HSUS take HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS a yr donations for rescue, have the AUDACITY to try to justify mass killing
miss you love! You coming to Milwaukee at all this summer?
F U Twitter! x
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I was the agent to lots of soap stars
I got the account unsuspended yayyy :)
Enjoy your weekend!
#TweetYourHeight Peanut gallery
Soo Happy, then I see your little statues and comments
“: The South Asian author panel was one of the best I attended!” Awesome!
ITS FINALLY HERE!!! #SWEETDREAMS!!!! WE GOING IN TODAY!!! #MARKETFRIDAY #INFERNO #AKAs + #FF ;LETS GO
Roses are red, violets are blue, if Rebecca Black wins an award, Kanye, you'll know what to do. #AMA's
With at voiceover recordings
Chance to meet NY #Legend #DarrylStrawberry in NY..check out www.LegendsFantasyLeagues.com
I want to get married to the song Sunday Morning by Maroon 5
what's wrong
Holy moley - they are playing They Might Be Giants' "Robot Parade" on the Simpsons!
i shoot my grandpas AR
it's always raining in my heart.
45 days of school left yay!!!!
I can't deny that I got a lot done, but the caffeine jitters may not be worth it. Must find my balance. Tea is much kinder.
yes for working hard!
I'll take that into consideration on my next visit
send me it's a fan girls life!
doesn't know what there missing!
it's on May 11 at 9. it's in the hofheinz pavilion. agh! i'm too excited!! lol
hahahha is that the original razor guy kid dude
I miss our coffee talks! I hope all is well during your travels.
hi(; why arent yuuu looking sexy hand ;'D
I definitely was not disappointed.
hahaha great minds think alike <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
Johann Wolfgang Von GoetheA general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
Be nice to those #Aztecs - I love them too! Gameday- UCSB vs San Diego St- 2pm at Westview HS. Go Gauchos!
is that because you spent the whole time at In and Out instead of watching the #Rox??
Yesterday was not fun haha
Eyelash perms? Really? That makes me sad for the world
did the Rangers just beat the Devils?
Somtimes you have to put ursef throu hell to get what you want sometimes its a walk in the part but no matter what, Fight for what you want
Things will change, I'm gonna leave the past in its place.
Polarizing breakfast question: does peanut butter belong in the fridge? I think not.
Everything happening with my family is just to much to bear. Idk if I'm gonna be able to make it through everything
I luv day u luv it! About to drop somethin new next month...
I think that old man gave me a sore throat.
Proud of the way you performed this wk @ #TheMasters Keeping working your process!
Sleep well (:
Thanks again to all chapter members whose efforts today helped make NHA's Annie Ross House Plant Sale such a success!
Already working on the first art book. Now a title is required.
We mos def deliver! Shipping will cost you though!
ive watched all the Halloweens 5 times each i swear. Will they please show something else lol
Spurs Got Shooters
Happiest of Birthdays to
Great read: Zygmunt Bauman's Work, Consumerism and the New Poor.
One more exam...
So on board with this idea. MT #UConn needs to take advantage of German invasion and serve beer & brats to the fans and media.
Keep Ya Head Up
it was difficult not having my laptop today... but now i'm good
I wish.
lmao I'll be 35! That's too old
Great writing on HH - keep it up! Why'd you abandon Twitter??
Trying to think of a different date idea??? Take her "streaking" this weekend. Sign up for $5 a person at www.citystreak.com
Yanks can afford to take a chance on Johan&Give up nice pieces who won't get off the pine in 2012. Mets get cheap depth at SS,C,LHP,RHP,OF
no no, your followers, you had more than that like a week ago
More law firm mergers these days, but some expect bloodletting to follow in most recent deals. More in today's DJ.
Milwaukee is the only place where niggas will complain about the weather no matter what it is lol
ha! Good one :)
RT : Audio-only security notices in museum not useful to deaf people in the museum!
i wish u would go back to ur word life days cuz i miss that. every saturday i watch youtube videos from ur word life dayswriteback
The movie haywire sucks
Preds DB Travis Coleman picks off Cassidy, Preds ball with 2:00 minutes left in the game.
thank you! Leaving Thursday morning. I have to get better, fix my back, un-sprain my shoulder and edit before then lol
I'm tired of just being mr.anybody, so baby come with me and let's just make a body.
woo hoo! RT Today we load the limo & make our annual staff trip to the Kenosha time to shop til we drop!
But don't we all just do RSS anyway?
cuz they not gunna be here
Adoramos el show! Thx for the follow! :)!
Days like today I Dont wanna wear clothes at all #tohot<U+2600>
If I could have any car in the world it would, without hesitation, be a Grand Wagoneer. That wood panel is dead sexy, and I'm not ashamed.
I swear that workout was therapy for my soul. Loved it!
your gonna be in chapter 2 im writing it right now(:
I've gotta fever, and the only prescription...is more !
What are your thoughts on the Brain Injury segment on The Doctors today?
lol i dont know where it came from though
Dancing with my dad . Hey
Everybody filing taxes where the hell is my W2????!!!!
You are very welcome! <3
Are you heading to the Nats game tonight? I'll be there for a PRSA event at Red Porch.
It was great meeting and today. Look forward to seeing you all in June for #ROCbeer week
RT Winners never quit and quitters never win
Rules were meant to be broken.
too many snakes in the grass. Especially in Louisiana
wanna get lunch when I get back from my field trip ?
that is pretty cool but tell him "Red" is better!
i miss talking to you..
Stretching out for tomorrow's festivities.
6 student teams have been tagged for the final round of the Teams 3,6,8,15,16, & 19! Congratulations students!
My grandma said I gotta stop getin tattoos at ah yung age
you too? Whats up?
I am on my way to the fire in Columbia Heights. Some members of my staff are already there.
please follow back so we can dm
Closed SHORT $EURUSD for +17 pips profit; 39% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
Headed to Orlando this morning to speak at #IIAGAM looking forward to meeting everyone!
see you soon. Team roots. Happy new year...
my Mentions was juicy this morning.
Since we got together , things change for the better
Slow bus, but at least Frank is here to endure it with me.
The weekends already over :( feels like a saturday
Toto, I don't think we're in...no wait. Yup, still in Dallas :)
ohmygod. When my mom told my uncle my sister is christian and goes to church often.
It's a beautiful morning in downtown #Baltimore!!! Can't wait 2 go see the #Orioles later w/ and
I hate chemistry when will anyone ever use stoichiometry?
i wish i didnt like my bestfriend):
congratulations, dude! You're going to rock it!!
It's all good...it's just game 1....we can lowkey put some blame on the refs they called the game horribly...anyways...
#entrepreneur we want to know, where do you get the strengths to keep going?
Magic vs. Pacers I think I'll nap during this game. B.back for Mavs&OKC
about 2 emcee for the game! puck drop 7:05pm...expecting a huge crowd 2nite, so come out and support!
RT : Got 60 online votes in for & + my 12 phone votes. Vote, vote, vote
Isn't this awesome?! hahaha..I thought of us right away
#Romney in '09 urged #Obama to use an individual mandate to control healthcare costs in an op-ed. #Romney=socialism lite.
I swear, every time I drive on Mira Mesa Blvd, I wanna get out and knock some sense into people
Watching on #Giuliana&Bill on
i need 2 talk 2 u alone
can I just have a juice?
Everything after the album Songs About Jane was a let down :P
German chancellor Angie not a happy occupant of the European driver seat, good observations in the
Haha. That's awesome.
JOLO: Jesus only lived once.
Single and ready to mingle!
Really great start to the WTE weekend. Great group of guys. Seeking forgiveness of clergy partners who I introduced as Cheech & Chong. :)
Follow and like her facebook page www.Facebook.com/nikolinaxi if you want the best clothing jewelry and etc
i like cotton candy
NUI hits athletics, health, defense: Now, techies are implementing “natural user interface” innovations in every field — seemingly me...
Anyone know which bank is offering the document shreading tomorrow. Is it Peoples Bank?
trying out the new Macbook pro....like driving a Cadillac!
Make someone sparkle this Valentines Day ! www.fastfix.com
Best BDay weekend ever!!!
Practicum projects are wrapping up today and tomorrow. Time really does fly.
hope you all good player
Can't stop listening to New Amerykah Pt.2. I think I have a problem.
Hey Fabi - we start taking calls at 8am. Call us as early as you like & we'll make sure you get lunch whenever you want it!!
All the guys on #thebachelorette >>
You guys have fun out there. Say hi to the kids for me.
Me without you is like shoe's without laces, a nerd without braces, and a sentencewithoutspaces.<3
Where would we be without ramen, though?
Feels like 2010 and Jodie Meeks all over again.
Usually by the end of an RPG it hasn't been fun for tens of hours because I've optimized. Diablo is a bit different.
looked into the report you mentioned. We were never interviewed. It looks like a firm that specializes in web researching.
Nebraska plays DEFENSE !!! Im watching them right now wow they are focus every man moving smart.
If Cotto wins I'll buy you all ice cream.
Sherrod Martin's tackling ability is exemplary.
7 1/2 hour rehearsal today. I have no idea what day of the week it is right now...Diva's down for the count! Sleep tight, cherubs. <U+266A><U+266B><U+266A><U+266B>
'd actually put it at less than 0%.
Have a great week. Thank you for the follows new friends:
Day goes from worse to worser.
Back on the grid after nearly two weeks off. What did I miss?
My babe comes home today :D so stoked to see her but gotta put in work right now ;)
inbox messaging, the ability to reply to wall posts and etc
Always with respect and dignity. There should be an honorable code of ethics restored. And its an exciting thing to be apart of.
Don't forget to sign up for wireless AMBER alerts at wirelessamberalerts.org !
Guy on BART this morning is rocking real-d 3D glasses... Is he seeing in 3D squared?
Cute guy kissing his mum
yes! i can't look too much at it, you know, driving and all. :)
salty i really mis him
Happy Founders Day to the men of Omega Psi Phi!!
Save Your Girl Klaus :)
My new New Year's Resolution... Attack every day like Shawn Thronton played last night.
Matt Wilhelm Better and the Best of tonight. Good. job. Well done. Good luck.creATIVE. Our best from
Georgia, A song of you, Comes as sweet and clear, As moonlight through the pines. ... Congratulations
Does online paid surveys really pay because if its true then why these take registration fee in advance!...
from the windows to the wall... “: Aw tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet aw tweet tweet tweet #gotdamn”
It seems like things which require a day, week, or month to raise awareness always get more lip service than real change
After a two week holiday break we are back in business. Tightening songs, taking pictures, looking for gigs. Here we come, 2012.
no u didn't u didn't follow me again :/ and u can't cut and paste dude
Yah! Financing ever so close!
Right. My thing is: if both the offense and defense execute properly on a given play, what is the outcome?
Goes away when you die...
Tell me that you love me, tell me that I take your breath away. <3
jeebus christo there's so many mexicans here. silly family of mine. lol
Rave girls are silly
“: How rude coach. I want more Danny! RT : best part is #lessDanny this year! "”
and that was smokin'
grabbing the slightly right size jeans & not the 2 sizes2big pair
Japanese izakaya( <U+3044><U+3056><U+304B><U+3084>) for dinner. I never get tired of it.
Thanks for the RT, and for helping to raise awareness of #Parkinson's!
Colin Robinson recaptures the narrative in AAUP panels.
OMG now it's the Wheat Thins commercial with Bryan and Stewy! <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>
nun much wbu
RT : I have a feeling The German will have Monster game tonight...
Happy birthday my dear friend !!!
that time i sprained my wrist on the bus it hurt lol
OMFG @ THAT JR SMITH DUNK
Not happy about this trip, I should be at home instead taking care of more important things. Grrrrr!
Happy Birthday to the greatest Bard of Avon & my all time literary fav William Shakespeare. I'm still searching for my Romeo..
haha that's what I like to hear! Enjoy yourself man
Lay the foundation - Is Mobile Marketing right for my company? Do a competitor review
I found about Blacks/Latinos not acting a fool and Asians being more than just 'smart'.
Nice! Did you run the lakes? I miss that route!
Money thats boxing!!!!!! Now to see the fight that everyone awaits to see!!! vs pacman!!!!!!!
Maki doing Ave Maria was simply breathtaking!
#pond5 our #fluentbus will be making party runs all night and can shuttle your VIPs free open bar on board and DJ
#SomebodyLetMeKnowWhen the elections r over!
I'll see you at WWDC - thanks to my BEST.EMPLOYER.EVER !
I don't care.
how it go?
along w/coaches, empowering tchr leaders.
We met today to discuss all of the events we have planned for the remainder of the semester including many functions in the NYC area.
Seems Bud Adams the Titans owner will throw Peyton Manning a "TON" of cash! We will find out tomorrow if Peyton is all about winning or $$$
Life is not a PROMISE!!!!
great! hope you liked it… more to come.
i think i'm getting allergies o_O .
you mean 'first years,' surely?
I appreciate that Christina is covered up today.
: Green blogging is against thorwawayism, for thoughtful, careful purchasing. Celebrates both thrift and aspiration.
Kat Graham, you are my hero.
Who doesn't know that I like Jacob?! Honestly lol it's not a secret..
interesting.. excited to spend more time with it! Glad to hear you're enjoying it. Do you rent or own it?
How are you today Adam?:)
Dancing in front of the window...and realizing the construction worker is watching you.
California love :p
ohhi will follow u Ok
I'm standing behind her,she bending over so I quess I'm playing Quarterback..Yup that's a 10/4
yes, it seems completely nutty
Hoping my books for the book signing Saturday show up at my door today. I'm getting nervous about it cutting so close....
Congrats to on the premiere of her first novel "The Singles" - Boston-based author love!
Wait a sec...is there no H-US-in-the-world?
haha it's ok the fish will be better in a few yrs lol
I heard that when liberals meet in the dark the teach each other Chinese and talk to Iranians on Skype about how they love Obama.
#ihateitwhen the radio kills songs by over-playing them. Example, Take Care.
Finally got storyboards for my next video, going to knock this project out this month! Stay tuned!
Hey there ;) RT “: A big hello to our new followers Thanks"
I follow you on keek, instagram, and twitter do you follow me on any? No but I only have a twitter SO lol
Where will you be for the revolution of evolution?
Guys can be complete asses sometimes ..
Recover from stress w/ chamomile, lemon balm, and passion flower supplements...
I love gobstoppers, they just so yummay
We're hoping there's a QB under the tree on Christmas! Just add batteries.
I had a dream with and in it. It was only a dream :/
Why do we have to wait for full versions of #internetexplorer - every other browser does periodic releases for standards support
indeed; it's a shame I have no cocktail attire!
“: Sometimes, no matter how much you do for someone, they just won't appreciate it.”
Thank you sir, God bless.
Very big news within the next few days! Who's excited to find out what it is?
#Obama issues warning for
Thank you to the Fishers YMCA Dance Recital. Hope everyone enjoyed dancing in the beautiful Paramount Theatre! See you again next year!
what up side kick
merciiiiiiiiiiiiii mon ami, hope to be celebratin a bunch in NY/NJ this summer too, hope to see ya!
Thanks for reading #BeyondTheFrame. You in Chicago?
"Stop spreading my wealth 2 other countries" uh do u realize that spending on war spreads ur wealth 2 other countries?
I know you will never see this but i just wanted to let you know that i <3 you.
Mine && travis's conversations >>>>>>> <3
I'm wide awake & since I plan to be at work at 6am this means I'm so close to pulling off an all nighter woohoo! Haha
Seemingly simple once again proven complex. If you sell things make sure your website makes it clear where to buy
There is no better day then to see a Special Needs student's eyes light up when he/she has a moment of enlightenment!
Sorry I'm spamming your timeline guys lol. Need Liam to follow mw
110897 Hey how's it goin?
And then BTR comes on...... Then kelly clarkson 'my life would suck without you'....... This channel knows one direction perfectly!
This a good #QR codes plan for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
haha u didn't deny it, thanks!!! ;)
So hot.
u lik or no?
Awesome!! looks like Roman is all over a blog, I see a video on #hustle in my near future. Thanks for the sug ...
please #Follow back > <- b/c of my #health horror story, I wld b disappointed that political group would show sick as Undead
The studio exec that evaluated Fred Astaire's first screen test wrote, "Can't act. Can't sing. Skinny. Balding. Dances a little."
I love reading everyone's tweets about the super bowl... Lol
not sure what you mean there
when will you have another U.S concert?
Thank you!
Or should that be B&N? They have Starbucks too :)
i WANT TO BE FOLLOWED
#scdebate, what about the war that others declare on us! Capturing may cause more lives lost by Americans.
ahahaha I has an extra one.
Great rehearsal today. Thank you guys! See you Friday!
I'll email you
Crying at 5am; I got so sappy at the end of Homeward Bound
can't wait 2 see u tonight!
Agreed: myspace/geocities wasn't really social media back then. So: should we just not trust anyone that says 10+ years in social?
you alright bro?
Gettingg ready for school! How fun!?
Where did you see the org-mode expert? A video? If so, URL?
"Children need the freedom and time to play. Play is not a luxury. Play is a necessity." - Kay Redfield Jamison, professor of psychiatry
My heart goes out to each family who lost a loved one in this mining tragedy, my hopes & prayers r w the 4 missing miners & their families.
"I didn't have any accurate numbers so I just made up this one." thanks for the laugh
Allman Pancakes Band
Daily GTKY question: What do you eat for breakfast?
i am SO excited to see
Guys! Follow ! She is a mahomie (:
Why do I have to deal with crapware on my phone?
Charleston never disappoints! Best meal I've ever had. Definitely happy birthday to me!
Thnx Have a great weekend.
Thank you, hand Sanitizer for letting me know there is a cut on my hand.
im not with him ?
Needs to start working out again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thanks! RT : Far too few schools are truly transformational but I love & Big Picture
My mom made some good ass Brownies
Happy Birthday !!
I feel like there's a nap in my immediate future.
I thought for a second this was the last summer I would see my sister all the time. But she's going to the same school as me... lol
Love saying my prays at night
Minter Ellison adds Nabarro partner to Perth base
lol that was amazing none the less
In 2012 I resolve to spend more time at parties bragging about that novel that I'm planning to write.
Happy Birthday fella
come yes please mads
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV :)
Hope you get to see it a 2nd time! RT : Loved Wicked !
Super interested to see how a class of undergrads will respond to the #TejuCole tweets that inspired and are included in his Atlantic piece.
It's National Paella Day! So, watch your neck...
part 2 He also has a strong personality.He actually cares about his fans and tweets them.That's why I'm
FAITHYYYY What's wrong babe?!
RT : If you don't give people a place to vent during crisis, someone else will create a "your company sucks" FB page....
Niggas be snitchin on they own men,now that shit ain't street
Damn what a workout by
Don't forget to follow our resident DJs! and
I didn't say it was a bad mood....but ya I want my damn table at starbucks not that other one! *stomps feet*
If a man had as many ideas during the day as he does when he has insomnia, hed make a fortune.
Someone save me from COCOMO. We got there fast, and it's going slow.
Lol Really? That's cool! :P
Serving up Fish Cutlets filled with Salmon roe, mash potatoes, grilled vegetables & caviar dressing...if you can only smell this.
was I on fire?
It's always good to try new things and engage in different scenes.
"Chipwrecked" or "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close?"
Thanks - happy to help if you have any questions
Deep breath. And go.
Sure will do have you registered an applied yet?
Hospitals need better chairs. My ass is numb.
OF COURSE one of my headlights on my car would go out the weekend Joe is out of town.
Thank you Seattle for your support of The Seattle Show!
ya im glad im not officer 410
youre my husband just lettin you know :)
Having sex at least once per week can lower a man’s risk of heart disease by 30%, stroke by 50% & diabetes by 40%.
Aw thank you!!Can't wait to tell you about it! P.s. love you p.p.s. we need to have a weekend together! Movies, and Jude law
I was so happy to hear of your 1st win as a #Cub. Lots of #Pirates fans miss you!
becky STFU and chris get a life
Id rather be a slut than be in love.. LOVE SUCKS lol
Whohoo, and perfect weather too! RT : Can't wait for my Brady Street on Saturday!
Thanks to this brilliant Sound Hound app, I'm spending all this fucking money on songs.
o ok got it.....get one already
We practice for Patty's Day 364 days a year. Where will you be this Saturday?
Thanks! I got a question for ya..
O God y me y?!? Sea sickness feels like death actually death is an understatement
Highly recommend the crab cakes, lobster and fennel fritters, and sesame-crusted ahi tuna DELICIOUS! It's a must try.
new photo... who likes?
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
He had often wondered what it was
sadly the city government (and state for that mater) like to plead poverty but never act poor for pet projects
I told myslf you were right for me but felt so lonely in your company You treat me like a stranger Now you r just somebody that used to know
Up at 6 am on a saturday???
Ima staart charging folks who come to 239 to eat!....
haha that's sick man! $500k is a steal for comrie!
I'll always be there <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>
Did I miss something? Is this #customerservicefree day? Where no #customerservice will be given today?
Boldness be my friend. William Shakespeare
Can't wait till it's complete!! My associates and I go to the market quite often!
When I'm with you I understand the difference between a boy and a man...--
On the phone with #oomf :D He's funny
The working of our minds paint a portrait of possibilities, but it is with the working of our hands that we sculpt it into reality.
Only Florida, Columbus, Phoenix, Nashville, Atlanta and the Islanders haven't done it since 1997
I finilly have pic for twitter like it it is me an my cousins
welcome bacj sweetie gotta say it wasbgood seeing u..
My behind going to be tired tomorrow on campus.. I need to get off here lol
I know that feeling lol..nothing else will do
I only manscape when I think I will be getting laid
Looks like being in the "smart" ACC didn't teach FSU basic accounting.
one more encore pass of Discovery over DC
Why you gone lie like that punk? lOl! && had to straighten that nappy stuff. lOl!
After further review Leveler is in fact thee BEST ABR album!
I’ve always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -A. Olajuwon
trio continues its "Plays for Monk" CD Celebration at Jazz Alley in Seattle Tuesday and Wednesday, September 15 &16, 7:30PM. No cover!!!
Just when we were forgetting about Bin Laden's death, Obama supports gay marriage. Nice save, Barack. You'll need another in 6 months.
We look forward to seeing you!
Just me, or was that a rather insensitive piece on Adam Yauch's death on 'Greta'??
I'm really glad my dates never end with Chris Hansen in my living room
everyone follow this girll! she's gorgeous, super nice, & just a great person!!! (((:
you a dog
check out my new single , independence girls
Yes please
what about the banana?
Oh no! Wish there were 1 place 2 look for all political, local & sports events on any day. Brite side: more appetizers 4 us?
Ya...I guess this mobile thing is gonna be pretty big.
hahaha excellent South Park ref! I didnt actually pay for them - I finally racked up enough coins to get one color set.
Why not? Just look back at theirs and say "aww" “: I don't trust fellas who keep looking at my dick when I'm at the urinal.”
I probably know more shit then you ever will throughout your whole life. #IHaveTheLooks #AndTheBrains. Bitch ass nigga. Shit..
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason -Buddha
#sdmayornp "I plan to double funding for arts in my two terms as mayor"
#lol I deserved that bro
Im my own keeper.....
nice...let us hope it becomes biggest grosser.
It is a janitorial nfl footballs for sale to tease as a floodplain of some- footballs for sale
Louis is funny AND attractive :) How can people not see this?
Roasted Poblamo peppers stuffed with black beans, cheddar cheese, crushed garlic, Spanish onion and spices...yum!
#WeAreHYPE The Houston Texans will play 5 games on national TV...
I'd love to write a blog post about your group!
Photography & music have the same ruling planet: URANUS
Hey thx for the fun #AOTS now go enjoy the weekend !
hahaha! Put your elbows away!(:
140k going to 5k on dinner break 15 from the $$$.
Dude in the green room was talking about how cool Pinterest was. Totally for guys too
WHOOHOO!!! CAN'T WAIT
S/O to 4 a solid listenin' party, cant wait for #InVitro, footage frm ThaCW coming soon
Yall come n go, sucks that ur gone but love'n make'n her cum..
Well that took way longer than it needed to.
Like this if you want to know what the prize will be for the 500 fan giveaway! If we get enough likes we will share!
All day long you been working babeh, but all night long I'll be working babeh....
that's a #beautiful feeling! Congrats!!!!
amen kiddo, amen!
One Stop #glamour #Shop #Salon #Barber We Have your hair covered Don't forget about #make-up and #eyebrows! # Braids flat irons $75
thank you boo(:
Good morning all! Busy day today. Hope you all have a great Friday!
Aw shucks! That's Nebraskan for "thanks" I'm told.
Sox put Dunn on eBay last month, still eager for opening bid.
#omgfacts I will be on time to work today
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again. ~Andre Gide
Friday the 13th, the day that Mogwai (<U+9B54><U+9B3C>) is coming to town. :)
Gettin my songs together for my V Day customers!! She's gonna love it www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Yoga is where it's at.
may the fierce be with you...all.
I wanna call her boo!!!
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage my eyelashes ;)
FAKES FRIDAY!!
STARTING NEW CINEMA MOVEMENT FEATURING BEES & ABOMINABLE SNOWMAN FROM "RUDOLPH THE RED-NOSED REINDEER" WILL BE CALLED *BUMBLECORE*
nothing I just think my car gonna be dead when I leave work
remember when we were talking about that chick I couldn't remember at the cellar? It was Nikki Glaser.
Thank you very much! I appreciate it.
15th Annual Conference on Vaccine Research - MarketWatch (press release)
continues to refer to Twitter as "the tool."
Cerritos College (SE Los Angeles County) rally attracted about 100 students
Awh I love y'all!
And if there is any doubt about my commitment to Indiana and our Nation then please check-out our website - www.GeorgeForCongress.www - JDG
So awesome!
I hate feeling like this for you:/
for real though should be a hell of a series
I have officially developed a deeper level of obsession for if that is even possible at this point....AHH electra heart <3
Either block party sucks or this is just a really good April fools day joke
Two more days of flamenco! due to overwhelming demand, we'll have the Casa Patas Show on the 11th and 13th of November as well
Impromptu on Valentine's Day? How did you manage that?
And a big congrats to my Tribune uncles, and David Jackson, for their Pulitzer finalist story on catching bad guys!
Beautiful Sunrise, it's gonna be a great day!
Instead of piping oil sands to Gulf refineries, why not build some refineries in N. Dakota? Or anywhere since none made since 70s?
It's what I was born to do, don't have to think it through, Baby, it's so easy loving you, it just comes natural.
Studio sessions cancelled this week, gotta get together new material! There may be a all writers meeting at the end of the week!
Fuckin annoying when I hear or read 'leggo'.
Bump Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Thanks for the follow back!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that tells you like it is , no sugar coatin the facts
I'm going to start calling native apps thick clients
But should I bring my mbp to the sessions...
Welcome to my world.
yeahh...the one I love doesn't love me back ):
1 more person for an Espn fantasy baseball league draft is at 8!!!
15 miles til Miami <3 there's no place like home.
There are other types of workouts... bro.
WHATS UP TWITTER WHAT THE PLAY IS..........SSSSSMMMMMMHHHHHHHHHH
#brewers are crazy awesome right now
So tired of this shit . #almost done
bahahaha. Not here =))
I told Aiden he can count on me. He said "yes I can mommy. I can count on your fingers and your toes." Life with a literal child
I think you're right.
Thank You! RT : Why not #follow some of our faves- , , , , and !
and hell yes its getting colder by the minute!
Balloon Boy can suck helium
Its a nice looking day today....could be a tad warmer though
Sometimes those orders do go thru later...good luck...and if not, I'll party on the lawn with ya's! :D
Beautiful lights! Your pics are making me want to take down my 1927 painted-over fixtures and restore them!
of course not! Ur not that old. ;-)
"I understand what you're saying to me, but it's hilarious."
Anyone have exec contact at #T-Mobile US? I'm getting stonewalled on a cust service issue.
just got back in the house… went to the movies with the fam! WYD?
90s House music, you invade my soul!! Planet planet planet soul!!
Working it Ninja style!!!
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery
um like the 80s are like totally back in fashion dude.
Testing my Twitter to Facebook app
doesn't bother me at all! Love you pey! Your fans can be your valentine(:
Of course, my pleasure. Doing well, you?
Following some great folks:
ROTC students build camaraderie through field training
That nap turned into BED. Lol
Dope as always ya'll!
On my way to.columbus baby
Such a pleasure meeting you at the "American Graduate Teacher Town Hall" yesterday! LOVE the work you are doing! GoGet'em!
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate into eternity. -E H Chapin
“: Carlie Rae, the very best.”--> in my defense I tried to turn it down
Thanks so much for coming to talk to us on our NLC tour today! You're great. :-)
it is so far! I'll taking a bunch of notes and will send them out
EW THAT HAPPENS?
Thanks for the RT hope you and your #bride family and friends had a great celebration last night!
Performing at the Atrium on Sweet Auburn in Atlanta on July 30th.
don't need the twitter app anymore.
Doron Lamb seriously has not missed one three point shot in practice. Dome effect? Seriously he did not miss one shot!
I've been woken up so many times in the past hour, I literally just got physically sick and threw up.
YOU ARE MARVELOUS. :-)
What like 1/2" steel? Actually it sounds like a job for a digital engraver, someone that does plaques.
Can a man who is warm understand one who is freezing?
my expectations 4 a film on the human condition were 2 gr8, I reckon-the fact is, $ def helps in distressing situations in life
So when #Israel talks about attacking #Iran, we sit and wonder how they will do it? Might as well give them the go ahead.
At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
Happy Brain Day? Glad you're still with us, enjoying the snow?
It's a System Of A Down kind of day
your popcorn was a huge hit for my afternoon presentation. Now, I'm eating all the leftovers. ;-)
I know that song and love it. You guys are even better live ;)
Hey how's next week for you? Coffee? :)
good luck tonight at the #RYU opening :)
Feature:ham sandwich with lightly grilled granny smith apples, fried brie tomatoes, and lavender aioli on whole wheat toast. $9
|#quotes Never mistake activity for achievement.
Happy holidays from Lexy!
you at stage coach??
yea i heard!! I was like wtf???
my grandma is singing along to It Will Rain... omfg , all she speaks is Spanish <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
yeah girl! I'm at your work right now applying! Haha when are you free?!
Our office is closed this entire week. We will reopen on Monday, January 2 at 9am. Best wishes for a great 2012!
I'm not even sure I can justify an 8mm film projector...
Arianna Huffington denies she's an ET #huffpost Of course not! She's a Greek goddess, possibly Athena
That is awesome
Feel like there are probably a million people drinking ginger ale in the sky at any given time.
just lost a FB share post due to iPad screen rotation. Boo.
thanks! The app really helps
my original choice was "shut up and learn" :)
MLB All-Star FanFest is a once in a lifetime experience for many people. I think we both know which one you should get.
Finally goin to sleep
Feel like shit today, work is going to drag but tonight should be poppin though
The boys bday party has started! Bunch of 9 year olds screaming and skating in the basement listening to cindi lauper
#ICantBeTheOnlyOne who still likes going to Disney......
my farts stink
great job on the voice who would have thought u go from warped tour last summer to the voice
Sour Gilbert Grapes on owner's part. It's a business. He needs to suck it up & deal - like a man.
If you are a high school player and looking for a personal trainer, we know of one. He will be in BR. $100 for 3 sessions or $30 for an hour
Getting ready for the Flying Pig in #Cincinnati! Not pumped for the hills, but otherwise will be a good race :)
Agree with that land use questions would be great.
Checking out MyHabits.com, Amazon's new membership-only fashion focused deal event website.
feeling horrible #sick :\
By holding the b button at bootup, no?
You welcome:)
dont. know. what. to. do. #lifechangingdecisions are always the hardest...
Breaking: FBI Fugitive Adam Mayes found dead. Two girls with him still alive.
You can do that and listen to public radio too?
Honey honey, I can see the stars all the way from here
#eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty diffrences: digital resources animations,data sets, teaching learning exercises, scholarly resources
It makes my timeline so attractive. ;-P
I feel like being nice to today :3
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Play goes to... RUINED
You Read It as "Non-Flammable" .. I read it as "Challenge Accepted" (y)
I Love How Laila Automatically Assumed My Last Status Was About That One Him [Whose Name Shall Not Be Spoken].,
Local favorite and COBO friend Norm Hazzard brings his casual-Oakland style to the mix tonight. Been with us since the beginning. <3
... "Eat snacks. Keep fresh fruits and vegetables on hand, for late-night and between-meals snacks." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
Dad was in town all weekend. We took a long drive up to Sausalito and along the coast. Saw a sea lion.
AH <3 #SaySomethin PLAYED AGAIN<333 AMAZING & he's still single... and ready to jingle!!! <3333
Is Veganism Appropriate for Kids?
The fire at Tyler Perry's studios destroyed movie sets and films; but no art was harmed.
Eerie fog out tonight. Can't capture it on my phone and too tired to lug my camera outside. Maybe it'll hang around til morning?
I'm so confused watching this damn show.. What happened?
Thanks for your reply. +1 to add spotlight & magnify to your next update.
passed up on a lot of girls. there's only one i wish i hadn't.
Third time's a charm. I really want to get to Mexico.
RT : Meetings in LA and Dallas next week- recording the full EP in one shot, and finalizing the mixtape. Title coming soon!
there's like 12 of us so far we had to commit early to take off work, etc lol
I NEVER SAID I WAS CUTE I SAID I WAS COOLER THAN HIM! xD
"Its growing" hahaha it never gets old
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows. -Helen Keller
It's that time of the year again! NBA playoff time! Theses Florida teans are looking good!
Marc is better defensively than Pau but his offense can't touch Pau's.
"Umami" is a Japanese term that describes the taste that combines sweet, sour, bitter, and salty together into a "fifth sense."
your species!
Yup, Gene! By the way, your webinar series on System have been superb! Thanks much 4 starting a strong SYSTEMS conversation:).
Welcome Red Sox legend, the RemDawg, to the world of #kickassfiction!
With my twinn " he getting his 1st tattoo" im gettin my 9th
Wiz need a Paul Pierce Carmello Anthony type
Foster the people <3
Hot Atlanta Hot Hair Deals at Salon Salon Ramsey 404.454.1494 www.salonramsey.net
Media outlets should not report on political polls they do not conduct themselves. It's that simple.
Hmm.... apple ipad.... not blown away yet.
Great idea!
#ThoughtsAtWalmart why are they muggin me like im about to steal shit.
its freakin rude. k so bye. <--- ur not cool.
Pub. Libs. should foist themselves upon to avoid being foisted upon.
Don't call me a princess, call me the boss
A: Biggest mystery here is what researchers think about policies of publishing and depositories within institutions - very unclear
8yo had a nightmare, standing 2 inches from me in the pitch dark. 'Mom'. I almost crapped myself! That kid is stealth.
"Don't think I won't move on."
Yankee fans have got to be worrying about Beckett...they've made him look bad in the past few years...this year they haven't gotten a run.
thanks :) woo!
I still have an apartment in Madison...
Wow, the New Yorker sure knows how to bring "new" content to its pages. This week, there was a piece on Couchsurfing, which I joined in 2005
Even Insomniacs sleep
how about www.rocketrobinson.com ?
Yes ma'am! Let me know what day will work best for you.
wats up wit ya get back at me
Quick shop at CDG before heading back to Chicago
Viola/Cesario is calling out men as big talkers who don't back up their brags. She's almost better at being a man than the men in her play.
lawd, i haven't played spades since last year at the chapter cookout and not since college before then! i'm actually not that rusty!
Had a great time at the #HumboldtPark #Reentry Coalition meeting today. We're happy to have joined the team.
I miss my friend: Sgt. Steve Abbott. RIP. So sorry my friend. Not a day passes...1942-2001. I muss you.
that's a lot of bad grammar lol.
In the library for lunch, waiting for my pal! :)
There are some other very interesting options if you're willing to add one player (especially a percussionist)
Oops, not everyone was thru yet. RT : Wow, fast 50K. 75% of the field hit the first split at 10 min/mile or quicker!
I have to admit, I would hate to be Holmgren/Heckert during the Draft. They can't win with their picks but they can certainly lose.
i want to go to the zoo!
#NBC just doesn't understand
same totally
Refs need to make the calls on both sides. #Heat 37-29
“: Not liking twitter” from 939 days ago it's amazing what 2.5 years does for people :)
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
.:"Lunch at organic burger joint?" Me:"It closed" K:"That happens when u dont serve ketchup" At --with ketchup!
Shoot me a Direct Message with title or escrow questions. If I don't have the answer, I'd be surprised, and I would find it for you!
S/O family. We are about to begin something revolutionary: Get Money Keep it 100 n God Bless the 2
Was up there all week, back in DC now -- I'll be in LA in a few weeks!
Some days Firefox gets so bad I start to miss Lynx.
Grow the fuck up
word guys
We are about match one #get2philly #
u guys r amazing <3
Follow her! She is pretty chill!!
Shout out to Peraetz for taking the DE question. Others not so confident to address it. #mmtcforum Levin: words on paper not end of story.
what else are you following?
lol I used to drink a lot but I never centered my life around it. I'm a very independent person & have always had to work
Relatively quiet #BlackFriday travel day. Phew
out sick & at the doctor... #Nutcracker is playing in the waiting room.
anything you are passionate about can turn into something great - just start doing it and be unique check too!
have fun!
Agreed! I'll even come east to make it easier on you. :)
So far so good. I still have most of my sanity intact (as far as I know) & have pretty much everything in place.
Free documentary tonight at Krankies about Trail Angels, the kind souls who leave food & drinks along the AT. Fimmaker is a W-S native too!
God makes beautiful paintings.. Today's morning sky is so awesome!
phenomenal job bro! We need you every single game!
Hey Mr. Fidel
Mark was amazing, Aims. Puck will BREAK YOUR HEART.
"Facenectar?" Um, no , it's Bassnectar..
FLIPCAM GIVEAWAY! Just like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV More giveaways to come!
I'm almost out of vodka so it's going to have to be wine but I will definitely have a few for you!
Awesome thanks !
ATTN #tcot #gop #ALEC apologists: #ALEC is not for free-markets & small gov't. (They're for monopolies & gov't collusion.) #brookylnbridge?
Lost Dog Rocket - $150 Reward Rocket the Shih Tzu is lost in Arlington, TX.
What's a "sells position"?
wonderful example of affirming the consequent
I hate roaches most of all. I hate how they crunch when you step on them. I hate how they run. How they fly. How they feel.
Throwing out the first pitch tonight at the Indians game, 7th Inning stretch leading everyone in song! Tweet me if your there!
I feel the same!!! Rage tonight??? <3
we see heroic military dogs, Obama sees dinner.
Apologies for misspelling Matjash Mrozewski's name. I bet if he had a $ for every time his name has been mangled ...
if people in other countries speak English
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up Mark Twain
Thank you everyone for attending the Art of Beer last night. Join us Sat for Capital Beerfest!
“: A mere 2000? You're just getting warmed up!” Quality over quantity, my friend.
UNC Football: Larry Fedoras Practice Style - Keeping It Heel
We are very excited for and his quick wit!
great job ! Congrats
gimme gimme gimme
Bored as shit need a drink
Churrch! Yo cuz I need a Full version of I Want You back...#RealLifeStuff -Next Album. Same Beat. Whole Song. Got My Word
RT if u still listen to Right Above It
sign language and smoke signals
Respect co-creators of content. Don't dismiss character histories they have created.
I will be on a little vaca for a couple of days. Should return on Thursday. Take good care!
yeah I wouldn't make that much money lol
#Avengers best action film since #Transformers!
So glad I'm not alone in my impatience for #destinationtruth :)
Kentucky Wildcats! Best Program in the Nation
What is your favorite pasta dish?
Smashing Pumpkins all day today!!!
Hey Monica! Saw you at the WIN event, but you left before I could say hi so Hi! Hope all is well!
The Friday Thinker is coming your way at 9:30. Be here and be READY!
Gotcha. What was the gist of his talk?
Lost her shoe, freaking out over that, completely....
i'm curious at what you think my professional life is like?
Bout to see the lucky 1 with my baby
great move. Keep us all posted.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Pizza just $12.00 and the Best Broasted Chicken anywhere
Proud to say my Hollywood acting coach is an award winning coach & writer! & his books are the most popular of their type!
ha! true. Were you at the #ScienceRocks event? If yes then you know this audience did not spend a lot of time in their seats!
The City's Church Las Vegas is MOVING!! God has opened a door for us to move into a beautiful church building! Details coming soon!!!
Hahahaha! "bite, bite, bite, your knee!" funniest thing ever.
It's never too late to pursue your dreams or try something new!
why does want to write for ?
Developing some cool story pitches... one about a class examing the Kennedy assassination from a forensic point of view...
OMG I did it again!!! Ah!!! Oh I play hockey to BTW lol
Nutgrabber69 just got a triple word score... in my heart.
moving half way across the country in 3 days
New Brussels Sprouts addiction thanks to ... Guess it could be worse!
Why not just steal flowers from public flower displays?Taxpayer powered Valentines Day.
Is it too late for breakfast? I would definitely like to get in on that.
and , u know both Lyle and I own that patio. Question: Who's already wasted...?
volunteer hours were estimated to be worth $1,116,807 in 2011! Thank you volunteers!
Middlebrooks may be decent short term relief. Has power to spare and could produce quite a bit of runs in that lineup.
I'm not a stalker haha :o
THATS THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE!! LOL I HATE THAT SHIT (I CAN'T STOP SAYING IT THO)
day 1 in milwaukee off to gander mountain to get my fishing permit
Congrats on your new job! Sorry we couldn't get together before you moved to NWA.
P.S. Rdio shuffles on the Facebook Listen button. Shame artists can't feature songs now
We are considering becoming Activist Homosexuals.
Waiting for my Aunt & Cousins~ lalalalalala waiting!<\3
SHE'S SO CUTE
ATX! Were partying in you on Friday night with our boys Last Action Hero 4808 Scarsdale 2 kegs!
is there a taping tonight?!
You will have to thank for your antelope status!
i want my way to much ? seriously ?
There is a joke to be made about the ability of TPers to count beyond 140, but I'll be mature and refrain.
We do that al da time! <3 Frick yeah!
omg so crazy!!! Saturday is so close!
Phone was dead for awhile, didn't have to worry about nothing (x #Goodmorning!
Funny how the night I get back from freshman orientation... I get 5 messages on Facebook say "you are gorgeous" or "I really like you" O___o
Ok y'all you ain't teenagers any more stop kissing like so sloppy, do it right!!!
lmao!! She would!
I didn't start until they played it all the time on the radio lol...I just seen the video today
yup! i'm ready! and zak i always laugh when you say "WHAT.WAS.THAT?" hahaha
I want to CUDDLE AND WATCH #NEXTFRIDAY grr.
Friday the13th lived up to its name! Horrible day all around!
8 am 11am and 3 pm are best times to post
Work out Group Daily Check In: Make sure you take before pictures so that you can track your weight loss progress!
#eli2012 final session on Creative Commons with its CEO Catherine Casserly.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one. - Jane Howard
good morning, time to begin the 5 a.m grind, off to Starbucks with my sleepy eyes.
follow back
Deep. You wanna go deep ill take you deep. You know you f*cked up when you let my mind creep. Deeper than the page of a book let me look.
<U+200E>#vegan Cookies of the day Molasses, Lavender and Spicy Dark Chocolate.
Thank you for the follow! Looking forward to checking out your TR soon!
Public Finance Attorney Adrian Patterson Joins Andrews Kurth
Are there still tickets?
get at me bruh I'm producing heavy material my dude all day
We absolutely want to go. We'll likely have the little one with us, but sounds like you may as well? Let's starting locking in plans.
#karmaloop just got a new look! use promo code NEWLOOK with repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 21% + Free Shipping on orders over $75!
Gonna head offline to watch a movie. I maybe back later but if not goodnight all & sweet dreams! :)
Our outdoor patio is now open. Come grab and bite and see what we have to offer
Fields look good so far at Grapevine
#nytm Interesting revenue model even if the site is pink :)
Sorry everyone... I still have lots of work to do at my sister's house. I might take some pictures? Have a great day :)
I like Mendenhall
I put up a photo I took last year at this time as my phone wallpaper. I miss a real Michigan winter so much.
Aw shucks. I love you all too! As a side note, it is well documented that Midwestern Girls are awesome.
As 2 ur attack on People in Glass Houses should not throw stones. I stand w/
Come try out one of our delicious beef burgers! Black Eyed Pea+Pickle+Pork Belly Has goes with the Sweet&Sour Ketchup quite well!
will never notice me.. and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much :,(
Ready for game time!! At Ruby Tuesdays getting our pre-game eats on. Another table of 5 #BBN fans here as well. We took over
And the only problem about him is that he's not you..
...agree completely, including the necklace....
Good morning! :)
I AM SORRY BUT YOU KNOW WHAT BOTHERS ME? TO SEE A CONSCIOUS SISTER TALKING ABOUT REVOLUTION WITH PRADA HIGH HEEL BOOTS ON!
Thanks bro...that really means alot to me....
I'm still bitter about the time you made fun of my hair.
You win sum you lose sum. But you live to say IM IN MIAMI BITCH!!!!!! LMFAO!!!
Ha Ha! Can't say as I don't have a hash tag! I'm sure there's an easy solution. Sellotape one on?
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 21, 2012
Great idea!
And i need to color my hair. Smh. Im slackin.
I love you. I am pretty sure I don't know every single thing about you, but it doesn't take much to love you.<U+2764>
Rules are made to be broken
All of the worlds problems can be solved with mangos.
lol that's just how i imagined it goin down
been trying to get to watch but she's resisting.
About to watch the Advanced Teen Conservatory Perform at in Evanston!
Absolutely! Addictions come in many sizes, shapes & colors. Change is inevitable, but growth is a choice.
Your always my first choice<3
Sometimes the only thing you can do is shake your head and laugh.
that shit can effect things you didnt even know it was effecting
She gon gimme dat pussy one of deese days...
Hi Derrick, thank you for the mention and for your support. Stay safe!
Check out i think you'd find it interesting.
#thanks bill for follow- InSpotter app
This teacher makes me wanna kill myself<U+E406> <U+E113>
Mine is stuck with me if he wants it or not ;) RT : RT if your favorite went HEEL, he would still be your favorite.
ok kool i will do that :-)
Maybe it should've been "text what significance bananas has to 1D to win floor tickets" haha. not just "bananas". Oye.
This Friday the 13h! 147 Bleecker St, NY @ Bitter End We're on at 7, so come early! Our last show in New York for a while!
Looking forward to Game 2 to TDBank tonight! KG is playing his best basketball as a Celtic. Much more assertive on offensive end then 2008
I have people you have to email them with how many pages you want and the content you need and they'll get you a quote
every song minor threat released was a hit, even though there weren't a whole lot
Thank you L'Enfant for sharing lunch with us today. Lots of first timers today. Welcome to the Ficellenian club to all of you!
Sounds like an awesome night!
Starting my day with two photo sessions at Nisbet Park in Loveland. What a beautiful morning!
sorry little behind ;)
Dang it #Lakeshow :'(
*Fetus drops the beat* If you wanna get with me, there's some things you gotta know. If I knock a bitch up then that baby's...
<U+270B>“: By a show of hands, who misses the trees in the batters eye? #Targetfield”
Everyone get ready! Within the next 2weeks I'll be with bustin out those NEW tracks! Let's go
tell your daughter I have a big surprise for her on Wed. ;)
be careful girls and be safe...take a lot of pictures of the place luv ya
y'all suck I guess y'all already trying to make the lakers win title let the trade happen you bitch ass hoes i want gasol in Houston
your litteraly like 4 miles away from my house right now. This picture is like a slice of home haha
girls in houston beautiful handmade fair trade flats to stand out for limited time for $45 dlls! c´mon help us sell out tis first collection
I dream to humungous heights; You dream in a minute manner
And theres really no cure! #Melanoma cases rising
Man I roasting today. I'm such a baby.
I posted official statement from Mylan that I just received on my fb page, The Allergist Mom. happy they pulled this ad!
Merry Christmas!
Leadership is a way of thinking
NYC is rainy and gross. How do you motivate yourself to make healthy choices on these type of days?
I'm forty and spent a good half-hour today decorating my room with cotton balls.
Boy, am I glad I boiled both packs of ramen.
21 today, now we can all party hard !
A strong lady high five!
Congrats! I hope you're bringing it!
Whether or not you think you can, you're right. You determine your destiny.
Really bored i hate school :-(
Alright! Let me know :) I'm going to bed, talk to you later!
The emerald city is tranny
nice work brutha. Stoked for all these folks
You are correct dear friend! I linked the two accounts, but I still don't know how to do anything in Google+ (sad but true!)
Anybody got a seagull we can use as a prop in BIRDS OF PARADISE - we open Feb. 12th
about to line up for a 20-yard field goal attempt.
Nothing ever surprises me about the power of ALPHA. Just think of the magnitude and impact of the King Memorial after its dedication Sun.
With Magic/Wrecking Ball I didn't like the 1st singles at all. Bad 1st impression, remedied w/ whole album listen.
It's just not right for him to be taking Vinny's place on that ABDC stage.
you already know baby girl (;
Follow me! Notice me!
It was awesome! Great crowd & a great outcome. RT : Great Game! Right ?"
Haven't seen the boyfriend video yet. WHY
Saw the Lucky One yesterday!! And met the guy who plays Victor Miles for the 3 time!! Really good movie!!
Ethan should of bought a Southern Style Burger and a 16oz Ribeye .. ashamed of himself
not yet. We will tweet you when it's okay.
Is there really that much to say about the Titanic? Yawn.
Invite abundance into every moment of every day, then notice how it appears.
Wow homecoming was so fun!!!
end of March
Atta girl, Miss Wisconsin!
Least favorite day of the year, first day with no baseball :-(
Girls who like the same music as you >>>
Band kid: im going to Myrtle beach and you will be in school Me: but your still in band
you mean big big get for Adidas
text me
Discover how Amish Shah REALLY made over $5 million last year in CPA Marketing. This video is something else. EXACT BLUEPRINT!...
I think he's a good, young back, but he's not great and he can't overcome everyone in the league knowing what McD is going to call
Just winging it but prepared.
He was just chillin and snapped lmao just started wresting um
Just went cone-ing! AMAZING! -Alana
eco tip: cut up your 6 pack plastic drink holders, so there's no chance an animal could get tangled and suffocate! #recycle ya'll
The road to success is not a clear path, but remembering that their are many roads to reaching your destination.
"LOVE" is a word that been created by imperfect human to express their inner feelings of lust -rita_amira
thank you, kind sir!
I love born this way ball tour please go to Peru i need in Peru-Lima
Today, All Wild Things are quiet... Thank You #MauriceSendak May your Great Rumpus now truly begin!
Building a #mediawiki server at the new job.
you mean like I'm deferring my maxed-out donation?
JERSEY SHORE TIME!! YEAH BUDDY!
Not just a tech myth, but a myth that fully satisfies modern humans' need to explain this world we live in today.
Did anyone hear about the gun saftey instructor that shot himself in the head while explaining how mistakes happen with careless people
I'm starting a #hipsters jogging blog. They look so silly.
But middle fingers to you cowards
Taking my college English placement test this morning. Pretty stoked on going back to school. Fingers crossed I only have to do this once
all generations are game for discussion!--Hi, should have responded from this acct--if a discussion happens pls let me know.
So excited to finish up the new album!
I'm from Atlanta & would love 2 recommend u to my contacts there. Send ur tour dates & I'll spread the word!
pumped to watch y'all play friday in Houston :D
#1DVEVO I deserve to win because I've devoted my life to 1D.Bought the albums, got them on iTunes, waited in line for hours & I support them
7th hour ruins my day! No matter what mood I'm in!!!
thanks Brad!
YAAY !! I actually want to see it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Obvs I'm not an agent, but H. Cupala put "scbwi grant winner" in subj line of her e-queries and had an almost 100% request rate!
finally opened in San Diego!! Happy New Year to me!!
20 and done.
Cutting out of work early to go to umpire training. Nice night for it!
Don't sit on your legal rights. Equity favors the vigilant. Call us today - 619.338.9500
He that walk with wise men shall be wise
Stop by Los Cabos in the Legends to celebrate our 1 year anniversary! Tonight's special is ALL kids eat free and $1.50 mexican beers!
"Never let a lack of talent get you down." -Dead Man's Bones.
We want to hear your stories! Share with us your latest business success story.
you in town oct 10 -17? Would love to meet up.
Nice double for Bryce Harper
never seen the black but the red is pretty
haha m girl do you know how many tweets I ocassionally get from people dissing you like B use to haha
You like science fiction, me too. Who is your most inspiring author? I like Zelazny(fantasy) and Asimov. I like Farmer too
is back in the office today after spending yesterday working
Girl ": “ I stays messin with them out of state boys...” I feel you!"
But on the east coast is already 16 so HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!
shut up braids
ugh i want to text you that i wanna see you but i refuse to.
you still play competitively or just for fun?
#music :D
In the books whilst my lovely lady is throwing down in the kitchen... Broke but #winning, lol
Watching the best #community episode ever. Well played
what is the project about?
you know how some parties have people entertaining the kids or just whoever is there? Well that's what she's gonna be doing
Thanks Jesse! Today is what, day 8? How long do you think #occupyportland will last?
My legs feel oh so soft ;)
Go ahead. Take the day off.
Good luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon tomorrow. Stay hydrated early.
Time to get some sleep. Good night all
There is seriously too much to watch on Netflix, especially now that they've added all the cheesy 80's shows!
hell yeah!
The biggest story from yesterday is how you're twisting the HHS ruling. The Catholic Church is BIG BUSINESS!
Fear reminds us that something's are worth over coming...
Dougherty speaking now. Enthusiasts make things that they love and share it with others.
You can't do back-flips, you don't know karate! You're White Trash
It wasnt that hard anyways.
All-van singalong to Black Star.
ha ha no I'm not ok it is snowing here and all icy outside :( lol
2 straight days of swimming from venue to venue takes its toll, Hoss
Garth Brooks show was absolutely amazing!!
happy happy hump day <U+2665><U+2665><U+2661><U+2661><U+2665><U+2665>
Thanks for reminding me. I need someone to tell me that every once in a while. :) <3
Just read the sweatest thing from
tweet ur big freedia booty battle video game score to me and !
it's good to know someone misses me! Sorry I wasn't there to entertain you the past 3 days.. At least you have
I look forward to your tweets. My MA graduate studies were in personal learning networks and generations.
This is what makes us girls, we all look for heaven and we put our love first
it was broken trust which threw out the camel's back not a $20 vintage straw hat and the big head it rested on
I don't think MTV even knows what music is anymore!
Why do i feel like pizza hut is doomed?
well, I'm hoping they come in diff colors
Oh, man. Two nights running, I can't fall asleep until 3 hours before I have to wake up to go to work. This is really messing with me....
oh u know doin my thang
#iThankGod for giving us another day to be with our children, our loved ones
Ha. Ha. Double Rainbow!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you`re about say the line on set and the producer jump all over you! What is happening?
back on Twitter??
Andrew Bynum was like "Brown can't yell at me for launching this one!"
not to mention 50 Tyson still goin hard in these streets though.
Joe Watkins, just because you speak softly doesn't make your words hurt less. #nerdland Grace is much, much more.
I love sleepin durin a thunder storm
Michigan pays for students to take the test too. High school is to Industrial Era- college is to globalization/technology
hahahaha no I was just out of words :) there's a rematch coming your way
thats pretty good. i have 3 brackets, best score being 21
just rocked the forum. We must strengthen Medicare, S Security, Affordable Health Care, create jobs!
Don't believe the lies, look me in my eyes, please don't be scared of me
Why are there so many beautiful women everywhere you look? Where are all the beautiful men?
you tweeted and you're not on tour?
we are glad that you enjoyed it!
Just got back from *marching in the Chicago Pride Parade*!!!!!
No such thing as a "hand out" with me. I earn what I need, take what I want, and leave y'all with the rest~iQ
what if I invited you to mine ?
Florida Man Promises Debt Collecting With a Heart - The Ledger
Hey Everyone! If I play a game that asks questions about Austin and the winner gets a shout out will ya'll play? ~Sara
When a movie is good, it deserves to be mentioned: The Avengers.
I really wanted to reunite with Molly today <U+E40E><U+E413><U+E023>
I'll have it up in the next couple of days.
happy birthday el duderino!
I have never sweat so much in my whole life
social media makes you discoverable/ make it easy to find your accounts as possible/ put useful info out there - content that is retweetable
Yes, indeed. Right up my alley. Thanks, Jennel!
Custies are clamoring for treats for Friday's fried all day for 420 holiday
NP. Have a great week.
Holy crap!
Going to H2 tomorrow with my fam
annd i take that back again. Free any time before 5 now.
it was worth a shot. Uh still got that $10?
Just believe in your dreams
i love <3
Daily exercise opening and closing the candy drawer in mr. Smarts room oh luc
Hey, it takes time for the design to show up. We'll let you know when it's updated =)
omg, Jacob thinks he caused my pain when he hit me in the stomach with a baseball...not even lol
I could've sworn I just heard on of the announcers refer to the #Hawks ball movement as "bowel movement." Accurate either way, actually.
Contractors Accused in Home Improvement Scam
Coaching 1st and 2nd grade boys baseball. First practice today. Prayers appreciated.
"i wasnt drunk" "dude you were making out with a pumpkin because you thought it was cinderella
You think the dudes you with is with you?
Raise the standard by living it
no body scan for me... #coachella here I come!
Wow, that is DEDICATION.
Unfortunately it has to hit home, for some people to realize the effects it has on the patients and family.
i get ur messages as a text and i was just responding. now my fb wall is all fucked up
Storyteller Anne Shimojima is driving from Chicago to Indianapolis today. We will have dinner together.
RIP Seau RT : San Diego #Chargers owner Dean Spanos announces the team has officially retired Junior Seau's jersey
surprised you have weighed in on Pep stepping down.
Wow! Lots of people got married on May 15...
Im exhausted, depressed, angry, stressed and just frustrated all this wweekkk N i dont know why!!
Bored & hungry!!!
We will be releasing another update to the registration process later tonight. Please check back tonight or tomorrow morning for more info.
Check out Posh the Salon on Channel 2 tomorrow morning at 8:30!
it was a flop
My sons b-day was yesterday:-) your still my baby at any age xoxoxoxoxo
I quit -___- Spotify is clearly trying to tell me something.
Great day for us traders as we hit our EGT target with ease not once but twice way to intraday trade.. over 10% profits both times
that's true, I've been watchin dc united
what song?
I often agree with KO's views but am disappointed by churlish off-camera behavior. Grow up Keith.
Had a blast last night and this morning with family and friends..2012 has gotten off to a great start!
RT Im not bout to play with playing on the show
at home cleanin what a productive day..... #fun...not!
Glow in the dark frisbe or make-up...? Yeah. Glow in the dark frisbe
sounds good I guess don't be a stranger
#downtownLV is where it at! Check out SO much to do!
Today is definitely a Smashing Pumpkins day (and that's a good thing)
How crazy do you have to be to get beads put in your dick.
It will be interesting to see how physicians will be compensated for time they spend reading/sending social media to/from patients
My daddy's in Lincoln:)
the calls in this game are absurd.
Love you too!!! Dinner/movie night soon? Plus we need to plan our next lady date with
I suppose both. But I'm trying to figure out what I want to do, I'm looking at design, but wouldn't mind looking in other fields.
Originally from Minnesota, joined the military and got stationed in Norfolk. I hate Chicago sports so KC was the next closest.
This just made our Friday!: RT : If loving is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Thanks for following us + Happy Friday!
« I get so sad when I drop my phone, but so happy when I pick it up and realize i didnt break it»
OMG i want the new leopard toms!
Bored af, so don't mind me tweeting my whole life. K.
Love my KSU friends, but rooting for Ark. tonight because 1. I was born in Little Rock. 2. The Fighting Razorback is a MUCH cooler mascot.
#SaySomethin WAS AMAZING <3 OMG. Best. Song.
Writing about SEO - what are your tips for small companies? Cc:
If you say so. #glug glug
almost falling asleep in the shower at 5:10 am. <<<
this constrained product issue blows. I logged in tried to buy the ish and it said sold out after I entered all my info. CMON WTF
do have list of candidates or sitting congressmen who stand behind #occupywallstreet beside and ?
This game probably means I won't be ironing my shirt tonight...hope my Godson understands.
thanks b.love !
"Beyond Belief" -- documentary about two 9/11 widows who determine to help afghan widows.
Good night world, buenas noches... xo
if u can and see this, please follow me back ? :)
hahahah yeah!!! Just living right now!
so i've got many to spare and wine is a great option for a night like this :)
looks slightly underwhelmed an embarrassed at the same time
right!! But this guys house is totally secluded, I could go tanning and not have to worry about tan lines! No one would know
Setting up my banking account after school!
Ha! Thank you!
hahah true that
i told my friends i dont have tumblr....... i got a scar 0.0
Oh! There you are. Haven't seen you *forever! Come back and poof! Artwic's gone. Off to work; come back. Sort of back? Hmm?
Gasol str8 up has sucked these last couple of games faqin soft I'm seeing ! Give McGee & Faried more pts dawg.
Only if it's in a different shower, Nobody likes a flaccid experience.
classic is classic because its 4ever lovely, wearable. Id much rather buy that than a one season wonder.
I keep telling my family that!!!
“: NOT GUILTY”
what happened?!
I was actually happy staying home for Spring Break.
is it too late?
how many times have u watched it?
maybe bring a lawn chair with you?
Sit n' Spin, explains a lot about my childhood, & current mental state.
with u all <3
Watched the ESPN film again on Chris Herron what an inspiring story def someone to look up to. Are all the 30 for 30's this good?
RT! “: Sex songs is the best songs”
Me: "I still want to shave my head"... : "no"
Saw a news clip today about how technology (ipads/itouchs/phones) are replacing paper completely in some schools.
We just might have a surprise for to show them how much we really love them keep your fingers crossed ;]
if ever on the look out for custom furniture in any Benjamin Moore color. Please let us help. Heard good things about you.
u no u like it wen i call u that ha
hahaha....you could say that.
fixed my problem, apparently updating the RPM uninstalls extra pack and that breaks VRDP,
last I heard, hanging with Waldo
Oh damn...starting to freak out for my speech tomorrow now DX...shoulda practiced more (>_<)
You are frickin hilarious!
iPhone bitches!
but to imply claims are meritless rings hollow, IMO.
Guy From Men's Wearhouse Commercials for President 2012!
RT If one more person calls me "Lil booty", imma knock the shit out of em! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> ««fucking liars
Rebels on the hunt for
What am I going to see at Tribeca? suggestions, please.
What is your favorite camping receipe? Let us know...
holy santa claus shit!
#YouWereCuteUntil i found out you talked too alotta girls.
MSP fliers: Are you enrolled in the Global Entry program? Contact me at .
However well it may function, iTunes is intended to create lock-in. Librarians should recognize that as a problem.
Holy cow cut copy is fun
Awesome! We are glad you enjoyed it! Make sure you check out all the local businesses on RepeatReciept too!
TX for MT, NK
Regrettably, yes it was my first time seeing it. I'm catching up with all the flicks I've been meaning to watch :)
Our Hibachis will be fired up for your Halloween enjoyment all day!!
work them long nights
Yes we are use code "listlove" and you'll get $5 off any shirtshop…so the $4.99 ones are free. That's pretty damn cheap eh?
re: nice, man. Most likely it was the black color that you approved of . . .
the msm darling and billionaire's baby at #1? ALL by saying nothing. Great reporting.
please follow !its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY!Tell your followers to do the same <3 thanks! OH! and they follow back!
Like if I should make another YouTube video !
S/O to Robbie Hummel! Great career and leader! Great role model, 2 ACL surgeries and still doing what he does!
haha naturally, or I would've seen you.
The tomb is empty. He is Risen as He said. Thank you, Jesus.
Come here, let me hold you. Have I told you lately I love you like crazy?
Become Mogul Street Promotion Team and get free tickets and promo material when Retweet our comments!!! R/T
“: We should break up into teams. Each team focuses on one part of the selfish conservative extremism that has crippled America.”| Yes!
Then you may need a lawyer if understanding it is important or necessary.
Cranberries on 102.5. Good morning world :)
starting the day off right w/ a hearty band bfast, full set run through, and then it's time!!!
The Celtics/Lakers combined have more rings than the whole league put together. These new Voltron teams will never catch up no matter what.
I think I need some new sneakers, just so I can have an excuse to say: Yo, check out my 'kicks'!
Nate Silver is almost single-handedly responsible for my online subscription to The NY Times.
great great news!
That's why you do the Basa Nova afterwords!
"Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.” -Wilfred Peterson
Thank you for following.. and retweet xD
Someone will have to remind me is on the Today Show next Friday.
I'd go to Digital but it's too expensive =\ Oh well .
it's about time I got to teach you something. Let's say I owe you a few years of advice.
I haven't asked. It's due tomorrow, I'm just trying to get it done.
Watching Napoleon Dynamite :D hahaha
Put in Douglas instead of bibby!!
RT : Calling all fans of and you may not want to stray too far away from your radios...
Your decisions affect the destinies of others. Choose wisely...you are not just living for yourself!
You're either running from or to victory - Bishop Sheridan McDaniels - Preach!
Have you tried any of these design crowdsourcing platforms? We prefer keeping our design in-house.
Goin to see my favorite dj of all time tonight :) can't wait for this day to go by :)
If you're interested in coworking, check out 's work.
Oosthuizen and Petterson are obviously having a contest to see who can wear the most ridiculous pair of sunglasses. Good lord.
both of you shut up
I love your avitar!!! Made me smile today
He's a gamer...I'm sure he'll be good to go!
Congrats to 'Briefcase' actor John Zderko for his role tonight on 'The Mentalist!'
It's been at least 17 years since my grandmother died. My dad is just now reading her will. I haven't met her, but it's an emotional moment.
Fuck! I can't find videos for Warped Tour 2012!! Um... maybe because it hasn't started you fucking idiot!!! Hahaha wow!!! xD
dOENST tHIS tWEET lOOK lIKE a rANSOM nOTE?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
At 10 a.m., CM will offer a $75K reward for information on the killing of two graduate students.
Grown ass women that mind everyone elses business but their own....
No milk will ever be "our" milk.
RT : Big #FF the 13th for - one of my longest running Tweeps. Books, reading, writing. Good stuff. -->thx!
Alfonso Soriano is the world's greatest soccer player.
beautiful day for outdoor fucking
Getting my library card was like citizenship; it was like American citizenship. - Oprah Winfrey (via librarianista)
Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - Corner of W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Los Despoz performing w/
just watched it and I agree. His range is amazing!
Limbaugh is now making inappropriate racial comments about the death of #TrayvonMartin. What a sick man!
Planning a vacation this #MemorialDay? We've got your staycation ideas right here, just ask! Using hashtag
I can’t explain what I mean. And even if I could, I’m not sure I’d feel like it.
James is wearing see through shorts...
One more user name change, just finding the right one: C_Wycks , so put me under !
God I need to go to Mexico and talk to my parents ASAP
senior design project nothin. IP laws
Followed you back!
Appreciate all the Foodspotting posts! Glad you enjoyed
that's very nice of you to say - same to you! Crazy weird beers sound great!
GOOD JOB AUSTIN<3 You done great(:
naw mufukas is not smart out here..people act white
Good afternoon, Twitter. Give a warm Wednesday welcome to
Excited for to open this Spring!
you read Bayou? So awesome
Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.
thanks everyone who came to the Hotel Utah Saloon last night! what fun! sorry for the minor sound issues...
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
OH UH OH.
The wheel a.k.a. my husband is quite the pizza maker these days. Crust from scratch and all. thin whole wheat crust has really evolved.
... just told that I fed the baby to the sea lions at the zoo today...he nodded at me and said ok
Well it was good season while it lasted...
I love sharing good energy
this means one thing..... Lasertron take her down haha
Hey! I've been laying low, trying to stay out of trouble! How have you been?!
Oh my. I didn't realize you were so young! Many happy returns! :-)
Ask me questions!!! Anything and everything, about me, you, anyone!? I'm bored! :P
cuz dem police aint got nuffin on me! :D
If I understand you, you're saying roughly the same thing, but the opposite way I would have stated it.
reminds me of think-plan-do in elementary school
Wow. #coffeescript is sweet once you start learning about conditionals and operators.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+2755>
“Per usual, this was a HUGE hit.” We make the uncommonly good meal commonplace. :)
is finishing the grant to turn over to the Office of BlahBlahBlah (long, inscrutable name—they get necessary approvals & submit the grants)
RT : "One of the major causes for failure is the unwillingness to take the time to set & write down your goals"
Great way to start the day, VCU,elon,clemson,columbia,NIT, SC state at Oak Ridge
When meeting strangers, what do you usually talk about?
i got a new bestfriend! shout out to (:
20 minutes to kill...why is it moments like this that I can think of nothing to occupy myself with?
There sure are! Moms and moms-to-be are welcome. Please feel free to share!
no omg
Enjoyed the Sheridan volley - Always entertaining when you stir the pot with some of these guys- Keep up the great work
Time to end another tweet drought. Greetings, Twitterverse!
Yikes! That's painful... or a genius way to promote 'Bite Me': get well!
His wife needs to be a member of Celebrity Spouses. She needs a healthy support system.
Awe , I Think I Meant To Txt That lol
Rumors have it Dan Wheeler will be sent down to the minor leagues. Thank god.
A part of you has grown in me, together forever we shall be, never apart, maybe in distance, but not in the heart
who's your favorite?! :)
nice! Will re-purpose immediately
Sals getting sick, and andrew is grounded, lol but never Will we say that's going to stop us from doing our thing! :p
Bitch, your body has been used more then google.
you should try on 3rd. Simply amazing baked doughnuts that'll blow. Your. Mind!
is so slow she thought "easy" was spelled "eazy" lmao. My friend need some grammar lessons lol
Back to me being a Mother: I've been doing these words of the day for a while now, & haven't committed to them as I should.
Jews & sex??? Yup! We're talking about it live on www.radiokolamerica.com with !
sorry i have been gone way too long ! new topic anyone heard of the human library?? i want to see how many know about it before i post it.
Can't say I've read it. I do love a tearjerker though.
I feel good. Our goal is very obtainable if everybody does their part. This isn't 2010.
Want to ask Dave how Kurt died
Hey im a Belieber and this is crazyy but heres my twitter so follow me maybe? (;
I haven't been up to much of anything
I usually go to the nonfiction section first!
Wow Hangover 2 is painful to watch!
Yeah??? I know u ain't that simple...add FUNKK n ART to that! Peace 17!
feeling a bit uncomfortable about my own body after seeing Harvey Keitel naked in The Piano
was Colts renouncing rights to Pitcock mutual decision? we kept him on reserve/injured list so long, y not try comeback in Indy?
It's really weird to be coming home from school by 5. Granted, I'm going to do more work, but still.
Fix yourself please.
oh ok well things will be aaaaaok lollx
Wow... What a terrible night this is turning into
So much to do before school starts!
HAPPY EASTER TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY .. Text me . We need to do something tonight or tomorrow
Loving listening to Diller speak: he is a curious person, lifelong learner, and great story teller.
Nothin like a good 'ol game of temple run at 3AM
we'll get around to it at some point today
that's terrible! : (
Oh boy. Rocket city rednecks' Travis Taylor up now.
Haikeet #4: o plastic food box/ yummy compartments munch crunch/ so full, now empty
yes. Extremely pissed.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
brb, trying to learn the lyrics to say somethin.
thanks! you've been up I anything either??
amazed, huh? I take it you aren't an advocate of the low promise over deliver strategy ...
oh! music to my ears. thanks for sharing!! i'm now following!
Last welcome to new followers meant to include ; typo in last Tweet; it's early java still making their way to brain cells.
my mom said i can hit first
I'm wearing a dress to dinner tonight omg.
Ads fall to the Heat 4-2 and are swept out of the playoffs.
Rocking out to Z100 in the car on the way home.... #Idontwannago!
Chris Hardwick "Singled Out was a human fluid transfer experiment."
Off To Pay Off These Damn FInes And Getting My License Back
no one likes you so please stop calling me names thank you.
Dan McKinnon~ Remember your past mistakes just long enough to profit by them.
lls how am i gonna miss u nd we talkin rite now???
#ShoutOut To My Homie 4 Showin Me Sum Luv N Throwin My Beats On His Site Everyone Follow Him! & Me!
Haven't tweeted in a minute...y'all miss me?
you obviously should.
I say tuna. But I do say catfish.
Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts.
Good morning! Happy Friday! How is everyone!
interview on - looking sharp and sounding like the classy pro that he always was!
"I have read your book, an its an excellent read." by author
36 Drafts on Sale for 2 Dollars
have fun you guys! Hope to see you both soon!!
“: Boys, you can keep your "swag". Men have class.”
just hit 300 followers... #sweetness I do need some feed back from each and every one of you... I need songs and ideas for songs!
Sumone always told me I'll make something out of myself.
hooray! We have some baby watermelons getting ready to fruit in our garden :)
my sister used to eat ketchup and white bread sandwiches #mysiblingisweird... am i right ?
norcal, 45 min away from sacramento
31 followers away from a autograph giveaway
my ears are burning.
Had lunch in Detroit with Mrs. Brill and Ms. Andrews.
Nice site. I'll make sure to check in with you now and then.
YOU WILL BURN IN HELL FOR YOUR LIES!
too bad no one else does. . (*shrugs).
haha alright sounds good! I might get cleared to start walking again tomorrow though!
Guys, don't get me started.
i miss tweeting thru my fone. :'[ hopefully i get it back soon tho =]
Real shit, I be wanting to hang out n shit but I don't fux wit too many ppl
just finished your show--find it depressing libs have started talking about ACA in the past tense. Zeke E did last night also.
Fix the problems at the source. Demand reform make it illegal to give money to politicians. We can find a better way to choose our leaders.
I hate being late. No matter where I'm going.
Guess I should unfollow & block him & his disciples!
it's okay I have been watching videos of my future husband!
With #MarriageEquality since 2004, Massachusetts still has the lowest divorce rate in the nation. Eat that, bigots.
yeaa right that's a lie ...
I knew I always liked u
Hurting this morning...thanks everyone for coming last night
Animal Hoarders is the new Intervention, just sayin'...
Ron arrest is a fucking punk
I woke up like O.O and then i remembered i dyed my hair blonde
The calls in this series have been total BS. Bad officiating is what will cost the #Blackhawks everything.
That is the best cookbook ever. I think everyone should have that in their stack. What are you making?
lmmfao I will b waiting!!!!
o yea bitch the only thang dirty is yo big pussy tighten up slut learn to close ur legs & mouth
cause , it was just ..... So much sexiness ! Lol
How conceited are these "coaches" on #thevoice? Dominating the duets, even Christina choosing her own song? Puke America!
no, we aren't dating, I don't even think he likes me like that!
RT Everyone in your life is a teacher. If u see it like that u can drop any negativity & go about your day w/ gratitude!
": Daily #Twisdom, on the great Yogi Berra's 87th birthday: When you come to a fork in the road... take it." 1 of my favs
Thanks! Looking forward to another great WordCamp!
thx for the follow! Really looking fwd to your tweets! Pls let me know if there's ever anything I can do!
hey from wat part of puerto rico are u from im from ansco puerto rico ??
Oceans 11 marathon.
Denver couldn't deal with Lakers size in the end...OKC/LA 2nd round should be interesting..
Hollywood flacks: have a movie coming out? Stick actor in Lakers crowd, hve Van Gundy screen it. (Couldn't stop gushing re Denzel/Safehouse)
A good mentor offers directions and driving tips from the back seat. You still have to drive the car. - Michael Johnson
Happy lovely February!
hey... make me famous... I'm ready to be in one of your movies!!!
Y would U believe #MittRomney in 2004 he believed on gun control, choice and public medical care. Now we he doesn't. We deserve better.
Wow there is a lot of people in church today! Lmao at those pretending they weren't bad at the club last night.
writing this paper for my MIS. Tired ass hell.
Giant fire pit with the fattest logs I've ever seen by the National Christmas Tree. I had no idea.
Searching for the perfect adjective for Bill O'Reilly. Which do you think works more: "rancid" or "festering"?
U don't no what a dog could mean to some one
What memories are you making with your brand's fans today?
My kids suffered severe emotional abuse, psychological abuse, and walked on egg shells. Bio-moms ultimate abuse act was abandoning them.
"We should never b discouraged by the problem being 2 big...we just have 2 do it 1 school, 1 parent, 1 college @ a time." Tim KIng
hosting the 2012 Spring Job Fair today - Come visit for #sales opportunities
have an epic time!
A3. Baked Potato & Steak! RT: Q3: What ingredients are a perfect match for chives?
well good night i guess :// test tommoroww
Actually Bert, Marquis last faced the Sox in '04 the night they won their first title since '18. Sox 3, STL 0.
Doing the same right now!
I like it cause its awesome. We did well with some signings that went under the radar. Plus big Ers is back.
Does ever get tired of the crazy travel schedule & just want to #chillax? Wondering what would he do?
Hey, any chance you guys will attend JazzAhead? I will be there and would love to meet you!
Webinar: Developing a Comprehensive Plan to Manage and Lower Your RealCost of College™ Thurs Feb 17 at 8PM
Awww! Ok well we miss ya. Daniels getting big already. I think it's time for another one. =p Lol jk!!!
I could watch Anderson Cooper giggle all day. Too cute.
congrats on your win tonight. Looking forward to you dominating the x division. Pls retweet.
He provides his own blouses, whether we're shooting or just hanging out.
Pirates in my Toilet. Classy, I know. :p
Instead I walk around like a zombie this week and pretend that inside everything is ok and it'll all be fine. Even tho I'm melting down
<U+2640>If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward<U+2640>
i need 20 more followers plz
Only way out of the forest, burn the #ucker down! - Coach Skerry Townson
Lawn mowers be damned. I'm going for #1k1hr at 10am. #amwriting to the deafening sound of grass murdering
but then he'd hate her for it, and wouldn't let Brienne go find Sansa.
Watching Swamp People with Viggle Thu | 9PM | History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
: Just watched Wiz at #WangoTango Thanks
Murders in the black communities are at an all time high...what can we do in our community to stop the violence?
Who said Lebron aint clutch. Swallow a dick
Just a reminder that everyone has assets
I dont know nun about no sports but ppl sure love Kobe
Love your work on Futurama. What advice can you give to a voice actor with one credit to his resume and a following on youtube?
excuse me. Hold your horses.
Time out .
I'm wearing my new jeans that I got from the mall of America :)
Alan Kay, on one of McLuhan's "pithy statements about everything": "If I can't believe it, I can't see it."
yes. in tues late morning
u know gon act up
Thank you!
I love me some
nice! what do you recommend there?
Join the list ..bum ass Nigga
Thats y I dont fuck with to many niggas.... They want to be fake......
RT Still laughing that the Blues denied for a media credential. The NHL is the best. DON'T COVER US!!! STAY AWAY!
My favorite scene in The Avengers is when the heroes yelled at each other until they realized it was the mood slime making them angry.
Check out our wrestling page: www.berecruited.com/high-school-wrestling. Lets us know if you have any questions!
Yep, 7. You could go to the Hilton Sat., too, to try to interview people. I'll be chilling on Humpy Lumpy Lawn 6:25ish if...
RT : Just purchased Articulate's annual carbon offsets from Carbon-neutral companies rock.
just finished your book! Great read, spreading the word to the family and feel blessed to share health and paleo with them!
And the thunderstorm killed our satellite feed.
no it's sick clean it up or your living with Jenni
Really don't need another bag but can't resist this linen and green leather travel bag
have fun, great day for it
RT #Cancer can appear very beautiful.
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet! (Hey! Are you coming to THATCamp HBCU? Love to see you there!)
Happy #Ravens Friday!
Noodle bar.
not giving a fuck is the best way to live
life is too short so take that time, and appreciate. :)
- I didn't know Pam and Shelbey were both thinking about quitting.
There are very few worse places to be when you're sick than a doctor's waiting room.
The Network crashed this morning. Nothing on the Live365 site accessible.
I was glad to see you today
Came to Htown thinkin I would hear artist from Texas on the radio. All u hear is Atlanta music -_-
Q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist? A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Harry potter is starting im gunna piss my pants..
#Spartacus 8 like always I'll be watching twice! One is purely visual the other is obviously to follow the storyline!;)
Coming to town for Grammy-related stuff? Let us know!
Wow Votto, are you getting paid to throw a fit also. I haven't seen you hitting today, that's for sure.
LALALALALALAAAAAA I can't type.
Tx for the follow>
when i'm here for you it's okay to tell me.
hey - are you following you need to!
Thank you, Dan. I look forward to seeing you again in August.
#ThingsKatnissTaughtMe - people will find you more interesting if you wear fire.
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying. -- Ingmar Bergman
Good morning Twitterville
its cityglamevents.com. Its awesome and cater to everyone rather your a celeb or not. Check it out. Make sure you follow us back
I need a theatrical agent or manager!!! Are you the next member of Team Elizabeth?
Good morning to my team of beautiful ladys s\o the rest of the #brainiactcamp : )
Sundays 12- whenever at Anodyne!!
We have a Recruiting Specialist and a Recruiting Manager open in Indianapolis, IN!
BRAIN EXPLOSION
40 Years ago today, Apollo 11 launched to the moon. Pella Windows and Doors has been serving the Land of Enchantment (NM) for 40 yrs.
Just because two ppl argue it doesn't mean they don't love each other. and just because they don't argue it means they do!
Verizon FIOS: I wait for you. I call you. You are now wasting more of my time as I have to wait AGAIN for you tomorrow!
Bill Cunningham We Love You
The worst part about sleeping in is knowing that I could continue to sleep all day
RT I wanna dance and love and dance again :)
watch a replay of xlv and make plans for xlvii?
Publisher's archives are good, and they may reveal rejected manuscripts. Also: Even archives reject materials for good reasons.
Soo there's this girl Carla ! Bad! :D
Indeed! Thats how we all do it! I'll show him! RT It's okay, Buffalo is the perfect city to drink that depression away!
": I love my dolls!!!" Bring back my dolls
just download the free kindle app. Kindle version of the book is $5
Tomorrow night. Ace of Spades. Were playin with Eve 6, The Audition and Heros Last Mission . come dance with us
If I had money I would invest in solar energy devices.. I now simply use them, which is ok as well.
that must be scaled down from the Hummer
please please please please please talk to !!
Shaun? Jeff?
Driving around in a jeep with
Either way, rad! You go grrrl!
Thank you car for not letting me drive home from the mall.
Agreed! Very tough category. RT : :( Nicole had the hardest choices to make. Over 30s have the best talent imo.
SMILERS RULE THE WORLD <U+2605>
So many wonderful new followers:
On March 26th Venus will conjuncts Neptune making this a day when you will give selflessly. Love in all forms.
Can't wait! 4th Annual just opened up voting & that mean's the show is that much closer. Have you attended any?
lmao, forget about it.
Edge of Darkness was really good. Mel Gibson was fantastic in the lead. Great to see him doing movies again.
Is it worth to prestige?
Copies of SPARKS have arrived! Does listing the bands on my playlists in acknowledgments make me too much of a hipster?
How about "Go steady?" Check box for YES, check box for NO.
oops my bad girl I'm still confused lol are you back yet?? how was it?
Saw a cab driver run in to the Verizon store to pay his bill, leaving his cab open and running on L Street. Fortune favors the bold?
a fist is just one hand praying by itself.
Some people are meant to fall in love with each other, but not meant to be together...
oh hell naw! Dat bitch gon get cut bah me! He needa stop befow I go all ape on him!
Overheard more conversations in French today than English
YES! but only buy them if you get all three and can devote time to them! aka not studying :p
I'm currently performing surgery on my own splinter. :-\ "Scalpel."
go get our free jonas bros cover and our BRUNO MARS cover FREE at www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast woooweeee!
Uploaded my first comic today. Way more fun than downloading. <---- CONGRATS!
Tom Ward Sports Director on NW Sports Tonight talking Ducks/NCAA revelations! 6:05pm
Let the weekend from hell begin...
hey buddy
RIP Patrick longs dumpster kitty depot
Madison Alamia is 's Man nd if She Can't have him than NO BODY Can (: :)ILYShawty<3
Well I'm excited too now!
I am so aggravated
it's opening day and they can't even sell it out?
whats on the agenda:Manager Selection...Hiring the best
I'd wait on you forever and a day.
Happy Birthday!
pure. I think the big question is, How the heck a big corp doesn't have major protection on their computers & files! Lol
I can't wait for your tweets when you start carpool!
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
this is going to be a HUGE year for you and the Rage
San Antonio: Spring temps most of the week. Slight chance of shwrs mid-week. Colder end of week. Today: Cloudy to p/c, high 68.
"No measure of time with you is long enough...but we'll start with forever"
Better late than never, but never late is better :)
I love that song!
The Bible contains 6 admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to Heterosexuals. Gay is Okay!
Oh yes FRIDAY!! I must get my pass!! ;D "SUFFER NOT A WITCH TO LIVE"
a very Merry Christmas to U ! #feelthelove fr
Words of wisdom for : Don't be popped
Help alert! Our Street Outreach clients are in need of XL (or larger) pants (or jeans) and shirts. Thank you for your help!
Haha sorry to bum you out, but I wasn't on that record. I was on the following record "New Again"
when ya gonna make a new standup??
Land btwn 21st & Bridge zoned RS2 when noone will ever build on it; he's 50-ft of RS2, so needs variances; "unique'" property
I have a lot of money cash credit to pay so much, I want to buy, sell, TV,cars, home...FXXXing wanna spend on service, home improvement
do u think so that I should make an account on fb ?
I never watched any of them. I should have known 3 boyfriends ago was wrong for me when he did.
"Creationists make death-threats to Judge Jones after ID-trial"—appreciating history, but why resurrect this 2006 story?
The holiday season has come to a close. How do you make the transition from party-time to back-to-the-grind a bit smoother?
"So where'd you fuck?" - "So, we were scavenging in the dumpster for dumpster bread..." -
I just added a ton of regional blogs to my RSS reader. Do you think 444 subscriptions is too many? Don't answer that.
Happy Happy #2012 to all of my followers!! Thanks for being loyal fans of Kodak! I love you guys!
Good Morning Ms.Adrienne! Nice to have you join us on the O'Dark Early shift! Lookin' Good! Happy Tues!!
Porshe won Part 2 of the HOH, so it will be Rachel vs Porshe for Part 3 and the winner decides who they can get more votes than.
great! Except 'he' couldnt make it cause he's not in town ): but other than that it was fun!
Thanks for the book love!
#MyPastRelationships Taught me who not to be with. Lying fucks like you.
Ms Moyo unfortunately doesn't seem to get that the Goldman Sachs model is responsible for Africa's econ woes.
I sent a message to so lets see what happens. Not sure J would go back but think all the rest would.
Question of the Day: Coupe or Cabriolet?
Feathers in my hair ha
Welcome to the #packerfamily ! I know your dedicated and gonna bring it.
#SignsYourGettingCheatedOn If your women never wears make up but out of nowhere she has make up on.
Good morning! Just like some of us need coffee sometimes your car often needs new oil for that get up and go. We come to you for a change
congrats Marcus! So proud of you!!(:
Read the bit about you wanting to be the next Denzel or Will. Starring in Hangover 3 isn't exactly gonna get you there, bro.
Stellas >> any type of beer
I love you!! Ha what now? :3
is worried about ktbird too.
that's where I wanna!!
Managed to push through an hour and ten minutes on the elliptical. It's 80 degrees in the house. I'm totally drenched.
Ppl need 2 leave alone; her bday was a private event & not a PR stunt. It's pathetic when media abuse your privacy.
So much truth.
Am mis-remembering a quote that goes something like: "...are great, are [something], and because we just plain like you..." Any help? Thx!
you and me both. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
You may be the only other person on Twitter who remembers that band! Well done.
Sweet: RT Enjoy veteran TV actor/Founder of The Actors' Network, Kevin E. West, with comic host... fb.me/1eXqbf9dd
I don't blame you. Shit is ridiculous.
thank you, it means a lot
Hey love guess what..were going fishing tonight :) can't wait
there are two.. the second one is just as tight
1,000 tweets...impressive!! I love you! Cant wait to see you next weekend :) You are the best!!
you're a boring person to follow on twitter.
What would happen? Coalition undermined, bloody war, and high costs.
My heart breaks reading obits for 4 young victims of mindless violence last Saturday AM. Young people need hope. Meaningful jobs would help.
#LifeLove&Music in 2 days(: yeah I'm excited!!
I'm praying beer brewing does not go the way the shaving razor. "Triple hops brewed is unmanly, bro. Ours has quintuple hops brewed flavor!"
Water Street 2-10 and then Hellevate at Mo's! Ya'll should be there!
SO EXCITED. CAN'T STUDY ANYMORE. BYE GENETICS.
where is though?
#ILovePeopleThat tweet a lot(:
I know how you feel :(
Whoa now you just said football twice in a tweet, that should help your football klout.
When you REALLY listen to Ron Paul, you will find he says "ya know" in nearly every sentence.
Making Saturday Nights better one CURRY PLATE at a time!!!
doing a little salmon fishing on the Pueget Sound tomorrow..hoping to catch the big one!
my moms cooking too much. i love you tho.
#NoLie "True to ya word"
Yummy weather
Black Gloves - Young Buck
I've been waiting for a text from #oomf all day
New goal: get toned and lose five pounds
Minecraft for xbox.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she ask you for a pair of #redbottoms on the first date lol
Shame on you for talking reason and sense in to me about going to Phoenix haha... Stupid practicalness :)
blasting Robyn, watching tornado coverage, no roommate, and friends coming over in 20 mins.
what type of bitch would I be to hold you up!?, you need someone to hold you down!
¤ AH ha HA HA ha China good luck with that. I got a big laugh out of that, thanks.
Yes, Tony Kushner's "The Illusion" in the parking garage below the business school.
almost a year and a half...hes gettin big
It's already 9:30 and I need to do my hair, my geometry packet, and study.
oh... so this is what it feels like when all my hw is done early.
on my long & super boring drive I drank a Nos, but it wasn't the same w/out u :-/ #fail lol
"Have no friends not equal to yourself." RT
thanks for coming last night!!
Ugh i wanna go back to sleep
thanks for the follow :)
Why on earth it takes me forever not to be Mad? This is why what I Love about #Myself? I don't Hold Grudges at all!!
would LOVE to see Skip Bayless wear your #Ballsoharduniversity Tshirt!!
Dueling tweets inform me it's both Teacher Appreciation Week and Mental Health Awareness week. Seems appropriate.
Preview Site Launched at www.theaterconnects.com. Be a part of the movement to support theater professionals around the world!
OH: "He's got a great hockey smile."
i will be back ppl - 1 min got to make a store run
I told Sabrina I am going to pistol grip her ponytail and drag her home. Lord she looks sexy!!!! <3
Re-reading 'The Corrections' as a special treat! Recently finished 'Middlesex'-also 'Poser'--all wonderful!
not sure but new update fixes it
Now it stopped snowing downtown.
Did you know parents don’t have the right to boot out adult children living at home without often going to court?
Saw Richard Stallman speak at UMD yesterday. Some good stuff, but the guy seems a little psychotic to me, albeit pretty smart...
Pplz play to much!
Wonder If I should wear this baggy hoodie to school or just change it.
We are also helping w/a media wrkshp to teach 12 undocumented youth to share stories. I will send them the submission link.
#prelingerlibrary is also acquiring the Epicenter zine library from the punk rock hangout zone, bookshop, & library (16th&Valencia, 1990s)
yoga pants tomorrow. And she said every day this week except tuesday!
i must be the dumbest iphone owner ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
this picture makes me super emotional !!! He's beautiful
Pleased to meet you Rich. Thanks for the follow!
Founders Day Festival Halloween tweets! Scary Seattle history...follow for more.
so its that time
Always the Skip•It.
I only give my pets names that I think would also make very secure passwords. "Come here, MaximusVonWeinerheimer1982!"
I beg to differ ;-) RT Ferris Bueller aint got sh*t on my day off.®
wanna get the prom tickets today?
ha! RT : Peyton Manning might have to move all his future workouts to Lehigh
it's true, and was hilarious...": This chick just opened her phone and it was her naked!!! #sundayfunday"
I decided something, while eating my eggs benadict.... Next year, I'm going to the Arnold! ;)
How's the bench taste?
Yes tons of Value Practical Assignments
how come the year i'm not going to be out of town is the year that is happening? :P
is about to take one giant step forward or make several steps back. I hope I make the right decision.
I'm a survivor, I really made it, I will survive, KEEP ON SURVIVIN'!
Pork disgusts me
You got that right!
next time i should lie, the truth is inconvenient .
Have a great time!
New topic - Heart of stone...
Thanks for the support! Don't know yet. Any suggestions!?
On tonight's Big Bang Theory, Raj's sister comes to visit and starts to cause problems for Raj. Tune in at 6:30!
And what's this about a headband?
Team means Together Everyone Achieves More!
I wanna kno if that Joshua dude has a twitter
thats what i thought when i first got twitter
Sign in the window of a store in the Rockaways: "EVERYTHING 1/2 FREE!"
When you're going to #eatlocal & it starts raining, its nice to have the tree-lined streets of #lincolnpark to keep you dry.
Gotta love parents yelling across the library at their kids.
lol well considering I don't smoke cigarettes, I guess it kind of is hahah
NYC is closer to me to ^^
The Heat couldn't get a rebound if they were playing middle school girls.
St louis snow fall may only be a few inches but don't let that fool you, it can be more dangerous travel than heavy snow fall
Watched Penn State beat Kent State today 24-0. Very unsatisfying win as our offense played terrible.
Heaven knows it's a crazy ride it's never perfect all the time it will pull you down and send you flying so hold on tight on this crazy ride
are you in new Orleans yet?
umm the mad hatter on once upon a time??? CAN I PLEASE???!
So was it Bush who is responsible? Seems like not all the snipers are in Tripoli...
we all know that preferential treatment is S.O.P., it's just that basing it on how active a person is online is crazy talk
Standby for updates regarding school closing tomorrow. As of now we are OPEN. We follow all Miami-Dade Public Schools, unless otherwise told
#walkingdead turning up the zombie heat..
Lots of talent in #SWFL — you did not let me down today
Let's Go Red!!! looking to take down Sparty today.
Disappointed to hear that Lamar Smith won't be at tomorrow's candidate forum. The least he can do is show up and answer for his record.
went out 2 tie down the patio cushions...almost became part of the scenery wit mother nature fartin all over the place
"Hey, did you do the homework?" "WAIT! WE HAD HOMEWORK?!"
I'll definitely have a little party that day.
yepp and cool haha and okay bye
The weekend is almost here. Don't wait to plan your next project. Call us and tell us about it. 317-456-7019
Thanks for the RT! :)
:( yes i am a writer!
Haha. Mad Men has gotten too crazy. Me no like any more.
*whoops* i miss spell buddies my bad i hate my computer the keyboard is really fucked up have to get one later...
Yeah, that seems right, by all means, GOP now takes a day off.
learning to Tweet :)
#WhyIsIt People feel the need 2 put LoL after almost every sentence,when they know dam well it was'nt funny & your not Lol-ing all the time
Ued to have the idea that our life on the Internet was different than real life, says Now blurring the line.
Yo someone stole my bro laptop! I'm gonna have to go Rambo on everyone now!
If work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it?
Quote of the night "You're higher than dinosaur balls."
Lady A, last November! :))
looks like t-sizzle is now a member of #balledtooharduniversity lol
I know, right? and I were watching the Lit Party dancers from the balcony and it felt like our honeymoon.
Tell all Nov 20 is open to 21 & up @ TryOuts
stop lying to yourself!!
nope. Haha I wish!
Thank you for sharing these important insights into literacy! Please share w #evsccoaches when conf is over!
#WhenAustin smiles after he's done singing<3 [From ]
Darn you, maytag. how is it you've managed to eat all my left socks?
So true!
I don't do anything in school anymore.. :/
"Simple" is a relative term, I suppose!
Does it break the restraining order if you’re looking at them through a telescope
Pink lemonade >
woah! I never said i didn't like you? I thought we were buddies!? :/
head on over to for a fresh tapped gold medal Witty White Wheat :)
Well that'd be awesome! See you there maybe?
She's a little bit broccoli, he's a little bit surf & turf.
I don't mind her as an actress, but she needs to leave the music scene.
haha u kno I love u :-)
On the east side walking to get coffee and listen to music :)
Leg day. Done. Enough said.
I don't understand how one school can have so much talent...!!!!
I think they'll be scouts watching me tonight! Basketball time!
He thinks I'm drunk all the time.. He doesn't realize I'm drunk all the time - Jeremy wolf kivett
haha. Anchoring will be a blast
This kettle corn is sick. I would totally let it take a ride on my disco stick.
haha I wouldn't doubt that but you know Miami is going to conference semi finals
Thanks for CORE. I learned that Social Contract theory is necessary to any discussion about Public Policy.
I hate when someone tries to be funny & they aren't.. How selfish of them to put you in the situation where you have to fake laugh.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Carrot Ginger soup and Broccoli soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I'm not being picky no more so a new me dis year but not going backwards
What kind of dreams do you have when sleeping in outer space?
I need a boy, Something like this , Decent looking swag , A guy who is mature , not a kidish guy who embarass me .
well come on Benjamin!! This week we are doing this!
right?! I was rather confused when you plopped a bag in front of me. Miss you Mac!
Ontario Provincial Finance Minister Dwight Duncan announced that in co-ordination with the OLG, the GTA will have its own casino by 2017
Thank you, hope this infographic could help!
Monday Madness: Mention this email & get 50% off any glass of Chardonnay on The Local Vine's wine by the glass list! Today only.
hahaha I have a good view of your boyfriends butt (tulow)!!!
Cant wait tell March 20 to watch icary cause 1 direction going to be on there show yeah <3
Angela Park I think grew up in SA but may have dual citizenship
If you were lucky, you knew a smart dude who read books.
I spent 4 hours making crayons and ended up with 2 stubs........I a currently working on my 4rth!!!!!
Kanye West = one of the greatest music geniuses !
i will buy you all the french beers as a start
Something about Summer Thunderstorms and listening to the Postal Service that seems right.
I mark the changing seasons from thinking "all I want to do is have some fun" to "all I want to do is spend 5 more minutes in the shower"
I am learning that a new father's role is to provide emotional stability and not take things personally.
this is the wrong forum for that and i&#39;m not sure who is asking
Sippin on wine I'm fine, the music keeps me up all nite
Most news we received in Alaska seemed to come from Russia & Japan. Normal? Many folks at Emory from AK?
Every Friday we seem to sing, "It's Friiday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday." You win, Rebecca Black. You win.
I don't fit in but that's how I like it
Thank you for all of your hard work and contributions.
We're sorry you're not satisfied with things. How can we help? Email your issue to kimberly at supermedia. com. We want to help
Yo, Yankee fans. Shut up about Jeter. His election to the ASG is indefensible. He stinks! #MLB #All-star #Derek Jeter
100 year anniversary of the Titanic sinking or roughly the time when Titanic II sank?
someone's going crazy with the
absolutely. They don't make good films together!!
He's a paratrooper. He literally cleans all day.
Final from Mayo Field: Century 7, Mayo 3. Brown finishes with 13 Ks. He had 7 Ks in final 2 innings!!
i guess it's fine i guess if you follow me,ill apologize :/
That's fun!
A 2nd half goal by Katlego Mphela has enabled Bafana Bafana to claim a 1-1 draw against the Ivory Coast at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.
"Early to bed, early to rise, keeps you healthy, wealthy and wise." - Benjamin Franklin
Stopping off at Sams Club & Target..got a few small items I need to pick up..
Saw you present at the Oregon Book Awards. Great job!
I Say What I Want & Do What I Want !
Need to consider the CHANGE issues that come into play in adopting a webinar approach to learning
Great Edu Tech meet-up last night, thank you!
Thanks as always - see you in a few weeks. cc
Why is it called Human Centipede, when it's really a dodecapede?!
RT : Just have to say that is one awesome twitter handle Thanks! The blog is Lipstick on the Rim! LOL
new #house tracks up. check 'em out.
give that money to Marlow Thomas' Danny's daughter, give it to St. Judes.
I think I'm going to give the twins my pink polka dot shirt...not like I ever wear it.
adios #karma blindside the students you used to teach deserve better
Personality > Appearance
yes, when we open this summer we will be updating our location instantly right here on twitter, which is also linked to FB!
I know! Now that my apartment is unfucked, I'm ready to take on this more terrible task
Thanks for the retweet!
Just heard Journey at the ballpark. Welcome back to Detroit!
Who's playing #Diablo3 this weekend?
If you have been turned down for a mortgage contact me there are alternatives. You never know unless you ask
All the world is indeed a stage. I've made sixteen costume changes since arriving in Bogota.
promise me on your next run, you break the route out of nowhere and ditch the KGB guards.
Wine tasting was awesome.
#SKCchat I have but one thing to say. Help. The boys need their mojo back!!
We're in Hingham tonight for a "Boston: Inspirational Women" signing at Zona. Stop by. Or, get a copy at Social Graces. Great gifts.
Oh...I thought "low store" was some sort of Memphis slang and as a blues guy, I make note of that sort of thing...
Thinking about me lol
horrible Interpretación de Melissa..!!!!
DIARY - US Company Conference Call/Webcast for Day Ahead - Reuters
After years of terrible un-funny, I'm finally rooting for SNL to be cancelled. This Kel Barkley impression is turrible. Just turrible.
Someone go shopping with me!!!
which ever one you go to - get the sea salt Choco covered almonds. Crazy yum.
you tweet a lot :-P
Do Not Resist Chances: Take Them Like Vitamins.
Was called something like the South Loop Club. I asked for a Diet Coke, guy said "Is Diet Rite okay?" I was flummoxed.
Fun car tour. Went up to Timberline Lodge at Mt. Hood, then down to Hood River for dinner. It's nice to be home again.
O baby baby O baby
I don't care who they are: If you've got two players scoring 70% of your team's points, you're not going to win many games.
HAHAHAHA that shit was so nasty..but hilarious!!..
haha its due the 19 but ya i just finished my nursing packet it was like 3 chapters long. Good thing i waited til 10 tonight.
RT Springsteen #sxsw keynote says judging authenticity by tools an artist uses is whack. "We live in a post-authentic world." 1/2
follow back? :)
#BestOfBothWorlds Follow Me Follow Me I follow Back Thats the BestOfBothWorlds Have A great Day People
I wish it was my birthday, so I could be 18 already >.< #4monthstil18 x
Hey I'm actually out! - at the real show now after bringing the kids down to meet him earlier
I'm not use to being told no
RT : Does anyone else think the Olympic torch looks like a giant doobie this year? [Probably because snowboarding is so popular.]
Group me, duh.
you said yeen have no twitter
You have my sympathies.
I support public feeding (breast or otherwise)!
Today's rally was amazing! I love being a Wisconsinite!
RT : #SXSW PanelPicker voting closes tomorrow! Help support #MKE in Austin & vote for , & -...
Just be glad I gave him caffeine-free Coke!
Ozzie Guillen on was a great interview. #Millar got him to tell stories.
Thought for the Day: "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
Come on in! RT Need to visit soon for some Pad Thai. Haven't been in a long time
naah....with the right PR, it can be shut down quickly. And Star Jones is apparently behind a campaign. Something may happen
Interviewer-"So, How do you draw a girls attention?" Justin-" by saying; Hi, Im Justin Bieber"
What are you guys going to do for you mothers today??:)
Had to throw in some stats. That's my last tweet for the day on our political conversation. Thx for good convo.
Obama also walks the line not ,wanting to incite the radical sectors in Iran by word or deed but will be thought of as a passive pragmatist
dang! I should have had one.
Have taken my dirty clothes to the laundry so now the only clothes on my floor are the clean ones.
#OneThingImSureOf I want b at TSU next year !!!
Forgot to bring reading glasses to work. Was going to go back home to get them, but truck wouldn't start. Had it towed away. Now I'm stuck.
RT if you know who A-Meezy is. <33333333
So excited for my photoshoot tomorrow!!:)
Perfect August weather! 85 and partly cloudy - breezy.
#VoteforMeganandLiz We got this guys!! :D
I do with 8th grade, they like it and it is a good way to teach them they have choices
Looks like the Penn St/Joe Pa incident was left off the list...
8k is done. I am zonked. Asked a lady to take my pic. Told her I was alone "b/c all my friends are alcoholics and not up this early."
OH MY GOSSSHHH that was so hot #BOYFRIEND can't wait to see the WHOLE thing. omg
Do you believe in the power of dreams?
Had a pretty great day. :)
the days when my old Jewish parents start acting like old Jewish parents are upon me
Thank you so much I owe you one. can't wait to see you <3
Omg I hate accepting the fact that Im ugly omg
hey mike yep record store day only a week away! nothing else cb likes record stores thats all!
Twitter just bores me now.
The past week, every time I have typed my name I have misspelled it "Josephone".
BET i gotcha! WHOOP!!
#yolo RT : I wanna RT something.... Should I do it?
OMG! Great Review on Natural Breast Enhancement Products!... Beliebers Are Unstoppable Photoshop CS6
"I ain't a killa but I kill like killas kill, makin killings that kill" -
I'm glad that I didn't fall for the old "Today is April Fool's Day" prank yesterday. Pshh.
It useto be the Hoodrats Now the Models! - That's one of my fav lines www.whoistrillogy.com
Great. Thanks!
#AManWithoutHonor Runs away instead of staying to raise his family.
Typing from Blackberry storm, Really sucks
I do not ,i hate her
No interruption- Hoodie Allen.
u need another #YOLO night. that way everyone is included and not left out! :)
Totally joking.
Please follow me i love You.!!!!
Tease me tease me
Apparently she just came out.
Go to PB tonight! About to get weird with and
... and hope this fragile thing survives against all odds." 'Steve Miler' in The Last Song.
I'm not conceited. I'm simply aware of my sexy lil' self.
Staal must have been reading twitter.
Taking over this here twitter account from Jason and Matt. Which I guess means I can't make fun of twitter anymore.
ROMNEY: THE WIFE & I WILL ADOPT A GAY BABY WITH LONG BLOND HAIR, OK? *NOW* CAN WE TALK ABOUT STUFF I WANNA TALK ABOUT?
In John Edwards' America, You Can Break The Law Without Punishment via
Me too! Whose your pick to win it?
Mike Tyson-Main Event is great. Takes me back to days of punch out on NES. Friggin sweet.
What a fantastic day in #SF! The sun is shining and the people are out. Make sure you hydrate!
2012 Will be a very interesting year!
Good Morning! I LOVE YOU! I really do and sincerely mean it people!
:Should they make airline seats bigger for obese??? <-- Yes, with the option to pay more for the bigger seat...
Cutted my hair.
I made a keek, just to subscribe to you!(; #GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek 2
Good morning faces :-) have a great day. start it off right and end with memories of the day ;)
dear twitter world QUIT TWEETING THINGS THAT CATCH MY ATTENTION!!! IM TRYING TO STUDY!!!! #seniorprblmz #seniorprankweek <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Look out world... another Hinojosa has joined twitter... welcome
Thanks to all of the new followers this week! We look forward to interacting with you on Twitter.
Last song of the concert and last song of the tour. Guess what it was?
Lmfao!! He's so straight up. xD
If for some unlikely reason Mitt is elected, Simon, I like you too much to ever, ever let you come back to the US.
Going home. It's late...
If you drive a porche & I pass you going 70, something is wrong
From an attendee of our webinar yesterday: "What a relief to hear that blogging is not a must-have element to generate new clients!"
I am now following!!!
Music is love. Love is life.
Silkwood shower. RT : Purell. RT : Hugged a reporter yesterday. Still feel kinda dirty.
I drive these people crazy
So excited! Got the an assistant managers job where I work! =)
NC results massively suck, but this is what we're still up against.
“: Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…” ~ smh... this Laker loss has officially shaken up the free world...
Wisdom of the day : Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
on music in "post-industrial" Philadelphia.
RT Still have an info website? Yur customers went mobile years ago - in fact over 200 million of them. Text me: 916-420-6020 to learn more
that kitty could be reading buddies with my cat since he loves cat's cradle
I never leave the house, but today I have to drive all the way to Belgium, WI by 6PM. Terrible news.
Yes sir the Bulls got the dub tonight
no need to thank me really. My pleasure
“: #Browns essentially admitted they panicked & reached for Weeden when Kendall Wright went before 22.” Absolutely stupid comment.
thanks! Note: except the end hill from hell, it was a VERY VERY flat ride. I also ate a bacon cheeseburger mid way :)
I think I'm one of Julia Louis-Dreyfus' horcruxes. Seriously, I am both Elaine Benes AND V.P. Selina Meyer. Maybe even Christine Campbell..
thanks for the tip on !
just read ur about u thingy and i just wanna say ur hella creative!! :D
An anyone tell me the time difference from vegas and FL, cuz im trying not to miss the CrissAngel Chat tomorow... plz help
so i waited one whole night,with my temple run,you still haven't reply.
Dont forget the Rampage lol RT : This hockey game is more exciting than the #Lakers game GO #Capitals!
Time for a nerdy 30 bday party!
an entertaining film about killing dolphins! Let's party!
Thinking of ideas to make for videos, any suggestions?
Rocking a rattail today. Makes me miss
okay I already told hm
lol. Those movie's scared me. All three
Great shot!
Results back. Extensive spread. Upper & lower spine, sacrum, both femurs, sternum, adrenals, liver.
my boyfriend's kind of adorable (:
Ight will do(:
. I no longer accept free tickets for myself.Too many misunderstandings, too much not fun. But thank you very much for offer!
All is well, kind amigo!
Accept no one<U+FFFD>s definition of your life, but define yourself
Banditville jumping right now with them #RVA artist
I see da BLIND leadin da blind but dont say I didnt tell ya so in the end only GODS word matterz i will bet your pastor iz a liar
& like I said, end of shot clock. You can't pass the ball at the end of the shot clock. Especially with the poor 3-point shooters
No problem :)
I'm sure he taught you a lot! :)
We still have a few Birthday slots open for this Saturday...call me (713) 981-7888 for reservations!
let's do it! I'm past pissed off. I love Newt. But O is leaving kicking and screaming! And I mean leavin! Kenya”””
aaaawww...i plead the 5th. but i guess i left that one open.
the girl who touched me yesterday?!?
Another lovely day.....
Excellent! Novel?
thanks man. was thinking of retiring it soon but perhaps not ;-) RT love your WMD pitch on the 3advance site.
the aliens did it.
if ur up text me!
OK. Memphis is off the hook. Don't know if I could live here but it's great to visit!!!
What's the attendance like at #tlld? Hubby just went out and even the hwy is still very bad here.
Metro Center for lunch tomorrow!. PIERRE has been missing his loyal Metro Center Ficellenians! Stay hungry my friends!!!
Hahaha yes, in fact it is the cacao girl. Hahah.
I hate a stage 10 stalker D: RT : is back :') why would she delete her twitter in the first place?! ._____.
Pawn Stars!
that's whats up
come play this weekend. We can make crowns out of pipe cleaners and beads and pretend we're princesses!
Absolutely horrible experience ordering via phone. Rep arguing with me about $31.99+$13.99 being $54.98.
Ima have another bad day for the third one in a row fuckin hate ppl
Thanks to everyone that came to show lastnight and to the WEBN stage you rock. Thanks again......
#TheresNoExcuseFor not knowing what happened on this day 10 years ago.
im late af but school
I take the Candice part out damn phone
this game is killing me
Thank you for your support!
thanks love!
Well? Don't tease like that! What's the advice from Phil? :)
Seems like job hunting/hiring When I was a HR director similar factors affected decision to follow-up on resume. Timing is key
I FUCKING SWEAR TO FUCK IM NOT FUCKING LYING TO YOU. FUCK.
Forecast for Friday Night: Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s. East winds 5 to 10 mph.
Whenever I travel overseas, the coke products taste like diet. I miss my high fructose corn syrup.
I have like 3 friend requests everyday... One for everytime i go on Facebook... Hahah wow o.O
The greatest city Chicago! RT : Welcome to another Episode of #Foodiechats Twitter Show! Where are U Tweeting & Eating from ...
Illinois Lottery: Final winner of record MegaMillions jackpot to come forward Wednesday.
Classes start soon! May 1st for Aesthetics & May 15th for Cosmetology. Call 773-635-1000 today!
I LOVE YOUR SHOW!
Thanks Amanda. We've always got 'our ears on'.
Excited for our show at this Friday night with the worlds greatest bartender,
This Friday. I will introduce you to a bunch of cool cats! Bring as many peepz as you want!
I dabble Mandolin
can I go ? Lol
so wet i need four towels
Place a free ad. Whether you're looking for personals, real estate, a new job, or any number of other things, a free classified on our...
Come on and pop dis Pill I call it Super Love u wit a Super Thug so Let ya hair down and be da Girl I know u can be. #Np Take You Home.
I'm good u?
Great job.
Don't worry - the first one is always the hardest!
I have hit that sweet spot in the MMR rating where everyone I play is a really awful turtle player.
Great reporting. Good to see it being noticed.
what channel is that on. ;)
Let's go get some!
Thanks for the mention!
Anyone want to share their favorite moment of #cda11 thus far?
Next up is Beth on teaching as a solo firm librarian.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
Hey girl! You're the best. I'm a sucker maybe I should fuck her now.
Double header on Saturday! Luckenbach Texas from 1-5p then Oktoberfest @ Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio from 7:15-8:45p. Come on out y'all!
LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE LIKE We :D
A huge shout out to Rick Dean PUBLISHER
so? Every celebrity does. It's not just him.
I keep reading linner as linear.
cant stop listening to
no problem :p Lol yeah it would of been weird cause i didnt read your tweet till after the talent show when everyone left :o
Like i'm an awkward fuck but DAMN she gives awkward a whole new definition
Hi Ryan! Mark Blane here! I dropped off a letter today for you. I wanted to share my story w/ you.
Happy Birthday!! =)
I always heard it was from the Fresh word "poque."
Thank goodness for the because the are unwatchable
1am, pitch black in my house, I grab my lightsaber for self defense and go downstairs to get juice. :)
you're alright :) what app?
I want to be the one you run to, the one who isn’t going to hurt you
Thank you! It was a stellar audience
Jay z needs to start rolls royce music
love the outfit, great shoes!
Re: "Physibles" I've seen 3D printing and touched the results, but it still seems like #livinginthefuture. Crazy times!
- with billions and billions of participants.
Went for a walk in the rain. Saw many rabbits. Couldn't convince any that I was friendly and that they should let me pet them.
Thanks for the RTs today
reactive URL maintenance approach: nearly 500k URLs in OPAC means you can't be proactive
Senator Wyden hilarious @
Cargo shorts?? RT : I'm a college graduate, that feels strange to say.
The LouFest Lineup will be right here in less than ten minutes.
Don't worry about me baby I won't catch feelings..
Person holding "Let's make dog tacos" sign outside courthouse where judge will decide whether dog that killed boy should die.
That should be a real barnburner!! NOT!
Originally there won't always be matches, but as more users signup there will be more posts/matches
yeah, since those are 2 different companies that basically hate each other, i find that rather unlikely.
Aw then why'd Kanye take Kim Kardashian on a date in Manhattan? ;-)
RT Bloggers who want a review copy of THE GREAT UNEXPECTED (Creech), ask
I will finally catch up on all those Nova episodes on my DVR maybe.
Pom juice + Orange Juice, not gonna lie. Best thing I've had in awhile!
Absolutely. RT Great music.
Looking forward to todays discussion about Social media for small NPO's.
The problem with having the Mad Men theme as your ringtone is that on Sundays at 10 pm I keep jumping up to answer my phone.
Urban outfitters ordered candi cords from First of many big orders.. Taking it one step at a time.
It always turns out the same no matter what, idk why i find it a big surprise.
Brushing my teeth again because I ate something I dislike !!!! YUCK <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
i needs mines tomorrow to ;lol
Hoping tomorrows breakfast is pickles and soda
I only just saw this - Thanks :)
True giving is giving when you have very little to give. Love and Light
thanks so much, hope you dig it!
The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments, and is yet willing to learn more.
you know it. It's the best driving therapy ever!
...than the endless stream of left & right spin doctors who intentionally muddy issue to advance own agenda.
It's been gorgeous for this whole week, and I've only sat outside once with This sucks.
Broke the bank account today....laundry machines in
what part?
it feels as if I've been away frm for like a year : (
you have the best last name. :) we will figure out a time soon!
Is Anderson playing yet? That'll get me to watch.
haha I hate
call me back, sorry i missed your call...was at the library
Well......at least I'll have dates to post eventually. But....oh....NO! I have to re-do my header art! AH! #allaboutme lol
I miss you but I'm at a two way stop sign waiting on you to make the first move. Will you go or parallel park?
I know right, I think they're turning those into promo for annual, to be released later on?
Chicago is missing 2 of its best hrs of progressive talk radio! We want them back!
Why are all the access points into Virginia closed? And why the fuck have I been sitting in traffic for 30 min on GW Parkway? Ridiculous
Just get the one on your network and that looks better to you. Other changes are insignificant. “: I need help.. Samsung Gala
Happy Saturday!
RT : Hello and ! Great to see you! We can't wait to share stories and updates!
Took the kids to the zoo to wear them out but they wore me out. Is it bedtime yet?
haha ooh cool well im glad she liked it (:
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. - Seneca
- I'm still a sports reporter at heart. Anytime u need info, just let me know ;)
Half the reports say it looks bad. A few said he was laughing and smiling?
thanks will check it out soon honey
It takes a huge douche to tell a little girl that you hope I cut again. James, Go fuck yourself
i was wondering when u would see that !!! Lmao
be there or be square!
After three weeks hard work, I passed the real estate license exam! :) When I'm not acting, I will be helping people fill American dreams.
We have another week of Giants madness coming up this March - stay tuned!!!!!!!
What's up w Cane & Mac!?!
I'll be not watching them tonight, but I've got good non-baseball reasons. That it will help me forget this tragedy is just upside
I can't stand a Duck
oh good next #DPLA plenary mtg in
I wanted to tell you that your basses are among the best that I've ever played. I own a Velocity 4&5 string bass. Best wishes.
Nice! I just got a very cute bathing suit, comfy pajamas, and a nice bra from Target. And Easter gifts. Hallelujah!
#4wordsbeforesex Thank God it's Friday!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Take your jacket off
Every Tuesday 1PM to 4PM Dance at the American Legion Post #27 on Monroe Avenue $5/person
Charles Dickens always touches things three time for luck. that must have made masturbation exhausting!
in class:/ what about you?
Thanks! I'll take a look at it.
i lost 10.6 pounds on my first week of this horrible diet! i am happy though. here is to getting through another week!
one of the funniest nights I've had in a while.
Landed at ORD - two flights down, one to go
Thanks! Will read and get back to you asap.
Can't sleep for shit
Would like to know as well. RT : Does anyone have info on funding/scholarships for doctoral programs?
thank you kind sir! Throw some green chile on that white widow next time!
Thanks for tweet retweet!
I am speechless at hearing about the lost of Irv, don't know what to say
Actually there is a damn good reason, it's a great low-pass filter that gets rid of people who are not very good.
Step by step, like an infant new kid. Inch by inch with the new solution. <U+266C>
#mla12 #s215 Seated at tweeter/blogger table for "Digital South, Digital Futures" session.
just please fix it soon, I don't plan on updating soon and I haven't been able to use my premium account fully for 2 weeks
I love sending dramatic messages
We head to the #ChicagoImprovFest #CIF TOMORROW at noon! Please don't rain (LA OR Chicago). Play at the #Playground Fri 10pm.
Always use Phantom of the Opera style creepy organs when you want a character to seem evil or really gay and evil.
so damn wasted I just cant think
It's too hot outside to function. Counting down the days till autumn. (FB)
. seems like such a lovely person; luv how she's grown in the competition & really found her
Watching the director of SETDA highlight eMINTS
Q12 How important is a formal branding/marketing strategy?
I miss my girlfriend so much.
very excited to have you join the team!! :) hope you stay for at least 3 months haha I want my $50!!
Bully Ray: The best heel in TNA today, if not best heel in the buisness.
yeah sweety smalla how many evil friendz do u have? I love u
Photography Saturday, yeah! :-)
I promise :)RT : omg are you really from We are defiance?:o <3
Congrats on the W. Only 3 more to go
Does Nick have a brother? You guys seem like an amazing match for each other. Happy Easter!
In them Myspace Days people Took #TopFriends Serious! hahaa
RT explores why governments are making the move: bit.ly/thqKpX
Disney Audition is lined up!
Looks like Fredricks of Hollywood crap to me!
How do you choose a mediator? Go with the ole standby every time or match client/case to mediator?
: is about changing the clock speed of innovation on behalf of our customers
was that the corner who bit. Chung was chasing.
Because of you I believe in Angels
back from holiday now its time to work:(
Hate how i cant control on what goes through my head
goodness, just finished another hunger games video.. i think i'll wait to upload this one though.
Sitting at work!
RT : Headed down to SuperDome to catch a final 4 practice & NABC All star game with Casper Ware rep. The Big West !
Congrats to and the #riak crew on releasing 1.1!
im absolutely out of my mind...join me on the madness? :)
Tip 3 for better marketing translations: Teach your translators about your brand. Provide a starter kit or goody bag.
are u really going to tell me u'd rather listen to AVD than do Rick Ross grunts on the way to work?
woooohooooo! I win! I win! Yay for me!
Of course. We only represent union teachers.
shout out to all the real people in this fake world
Thanks for the tweet :)
No 'You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling'?
Fair point. I might be looking for some justification on #wine consumption. :-) Gas pricing might come into play though.
We're working to connection business minds across the country! RT : You are Inpsiring!
anyone take a gamble on Strettle?
Heartless Bastards
So disheartening that people do stuff like this.
Chef Miguel is making a warm pear and thyme soup for dinner. It is truly luscious!
No headphones and CST testing. Perfect
:) RT Ha, is making a big promotional push on twitter. Bcs what that festival really needs is more people there
At my friends house :)
So tired of this yolo shit. Like damn you just figure that shit out? Didn't realize half my friends were fuckin cats.
Katy Perry and Nicole Scherzinger to join X Factor panel
hey Diotro, still hung up on matters of the heart i see.....but then who isn't, in one way or another, whether we admit it or not?
I really wanna see that movie cuz ur music video is in it :D i really hope i can see it today
Good Morning World<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
sorry meant numbers as in price, not edition number.
Ooh I hope so!! :D
New to us, but missed by many. In less than a week, Hand-Spun Banana Pudding Milkshakes are coming back!
Limestone County authorities search for burglary suspect
TORNADO WARNING: TRIMBLE COUNTY - stay safe!
I know it's kind of undemocratic (lol) to not let democrats meet each other, but in the name of national security I think we must do it.
OH in newsroom: "Hi, this is I was just returning your call about the circuit breaker." We fix all things
Creativity and # of ideas--any arguable measure of creativity--are socially constructed. Understandable not measurable.
Jealousy can ruin a lot of things.
Good morning
We couldn't ask for a more perfect day...unless you include Happy Hour at Crush!!! Join us for 1/2 price wine, beer, & cocktails 4-6pm.
I just ate a disgusting amount of chicken nuggets and I loved every second of it.
I can't promise lol :-)
Back to work!!!
cool! :). Thank you and same to you!
in the soft light of morning my soul awakens to joy I am as good as my love for life as wonderful as I am alive
Thank god I had no school today :D
Planning dinner & realized I am a bit obsessed with curries of late...
Im trying but for some reason ifeel like u dont wanna talk
Craving my new favorite thing, the toast breakfasts at Thanks to for showing me the light.
Hehe RT We all make mistakes. That's how most of us got here in the first place.
"This is the day that the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it." -Psalm 118:24
your shit is awesome!!!
”#Bloggers and honest #SM should be valued +respected by brands. We 'speak' what the rest of the world 'thinks'.”
Keep Japan in your prayers everyone! #prayforjapan <3
Fwd: The KOKO Dennis Show is seeking interns to be a part of our production team. Videographers , Photograhers and Production Assistants ple
thanks for spreading the word!! the more input the better the system!!
I think I just saw you getting a new deal in GB.
it'll do in a pinch.
: Next book will be on family as a system.
Where is the best place in okc to look at xmas lights???
With Sunil Mittal "as an entrepreneur, hire people who are entrepreneurs first and entrepreneurs second"
Job search continues. In the meantime, consulting work will keep me busy...
Chicago. Goose island.
Please let me know if you find out. I'm still reeling.. :'(
Just finished ghostwriting an article on jasper pendants following a string of articles on dog worms. Some change of pace.
No problem. Keep it going.
A teach-in at the capital would be beautiful. Parents, kids, and teachers experiencing a living classroom for a hour
Afraid to ask for help? Mention this tweet within the next 48 hours and receive 20% off your first session.
Don't stay in bed ,unless you can make money in bed- George Burns
MR (): "We try to use mobile, texting, social media as a means to push brand message or interact with fan in some way"
don't got it girl. Papa is clean and pure <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
shut up
#mjc12 #SPJ Journalists from Region 6 & NBNA gather for the next two days in Minneapolis to work on making a difference everyday.
I'm such a writer groupie
you wanna be my bestfriend and follow me?
not at all!!!
Welcome back to winters in DC. :-)
Enjoyed broccoli by the fistful, then got a whiff of my breath:
this is such a great idea for a cab service...I love it! Thanks for the follow, and help us get the word out also. Thx!
Auditions for Allegro Dance Co today in Washington PA 1pm visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more info !
Hey I Already Sent U My Pik I Couldnt Put All The Info Like My Twitter Name && Everything..
I'll be staying away from any bars/mexican restaurants tonight.EW all the FSU pple are down.They need to go back to tally.
Good luck Nu Class on your journey to become a brother of our beloved fraternity.
i sent him a long-ass message...
I need to come up with a new strategy
You HAVE to send me a picture!
#rise&grind Up thanking God 4 being blessed. On my way 2 work. Hope everybody has a great #humpday :)
haven't heard from anyone
lmao, man my son puts on his Power Ranger suit and a sword just to watch that show...smh
which one?
well if its Bretts woman, didn't he pay for her to begin with?????
Someone please get Christina aguileras boobs Omg my boobs look better than hers and we both have kids
You decided to get pregnant not me so why don't you just re-focus your fucking anger towards that waste of oxygen called your husband.
That's unfortunate.
oh can you tell that i haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke.
Waiting to hear Dr Heidi Halvorson speaking on "What Successful People Do Differently"
What are you doing with your students this month to get healthy and fit? - Share with us your ideas and trips!
Ha RT : New coupe off HOE money...now who cappin!!
Go Aztecs!! RT : At Tilted Kilt with and ... Sdsu!!!
Id give my all to have just one more night with u. Id risk my life to feel ur body next to mine. I can't go on livin in a memory of our song
Today was cool it was a regular bday had sum laffs but i glad the day is over
Homemade lentil soup and pizza + wine + BABY MAMA on Ion = excellent Sunday night.
The thanks for the Dallas Cowboy SMILE cookies at #SMILEcon www.smileycookie.com/
on Tuesday at 10:40 pm
I love the new ride :-)
Gotta pull that race card to get their attention sometimes lol
- still in jail.
Psalm 34:8 O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Short hike before dark in Boulder foothills. Nice views, saw nonchalant deer and rabbits; hopefully that meant no bear or cougar nearby :-)
Happy sunday tweeps. :)
I love when a situation resolves itself so easily.
Another gorgeous day in beautiful #albuquerque! 64°F - Ever thought of trying out a #tandem? It's a great day for it.
Nap at 7 was not a good idea, debating if I should just stay up or not..
Editing my D3 lacrosse pics from last week, much cleaner backgrounds than shooting D1
Do you still have the same number..if not I dm'd you my number txt it so I have yours :)
I'm down(;
“: Also , Borderless Puzzle, and Chaibaba at Lava Lounge 9 p.m.” Thanks!
Nice find[s]!
Drag that bitch there.RT RT : Islas >>>>>> <3 <3 <3 <3 > OMG I MISS HER SO MUCH! I Hope She Comes Friday
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I used to work in a slaughterhouse and I REALLY miss that line of work, especially when I get REALLY angry.
is pretty diverse subject wise. Instrumentally-bands, samples, midi controllers. Its a playground for all now
Tonight...ape race at Tap & Mallet. Bruce Lish....you are going down. 8PM
How are we supposed to concentrate on our photos, film and design when the is wafting in our windows!!!!
Today marks my six year anniversary with and -- the years have flown by!
I think so, too. I know people are doing amazing things with iPhones, but some of these are too good!
Thanks. Wish there wasn't a silly ocean between us. Going to try and snooze again. You should try too. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> U!
loving the Guido sensation Josh..lol
Page looks great! We could really get a sense of the restaurant's brand.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>sorry yall.. I was 2 faded with no sleep.. I tried but couldn't do it..
what's good...been a long time
If someone's odor is bothering you, please call our Circulation/Security Desk at 274-0472 and report the problem. We'll handle it.
Had a blast today up in Crestline shooting "Beconing One" and was psyched to have Julie Woods dying right beside me!
Last Wednesday. We had dinner with and her manager gave us vip tickets to tomorrows show! Hopefully, we get to meet Cody!
yhu already kno im playing my shit come and ride my Mercedes shaww girl yhu ride that dick so qood!
What are how to choose winning lottery numbers
It's definitely a nice problem to have.
that was the easisest (and funnest) blog post to write....feelin' inspired- sorry we msised eachother..
Brooklyn was the most wonderful city a man could play in, and the fans there were the most loyal there were.- Pee Wee Reese
Sounds like a Mystery Novel.
"Sen. Kessler my son is umwa, my wife n i are usw ,Forget about who union leadership "TELLS" us to back , we back you,KICK SOME -SS!"
"Like you, I have longed for a memory beyond consolation, a memory of shadows and stone." - Resnais' Hiroshima Mon Amour
Pacman will have an Easy fight with dat dude
Today's Shooting is Exactly the Kind of Radicalism in American Politics I am Committed to Fighting Against
#RememberHow songs weren't all about rolling blunts,sex, and drugs
Happy Endings Cast and Crew!
but - I want to know the "thinking" that led someone to believe there's good in recycling deleted files to others on the network
Man thats a tough day when your line is 9 IP, 4 H, 1 ER, 7 K and get the loss
Not to a political science major! ;p
Every time the puck goes towards Bryz the Wells Fargo Center loses air oxygen from all the Flyers fans clinching their butt holes shut...
Happy Birthday!
thanks Patrick!
Smiles, everyone. Smiles!
if i had a boy when i grew up id name him Jeydon! Yepp.
that's all that matters
I don't know which is worse, keeping your love for someone a secret or telling them and risk being rejected.
That is amazing!
So do I!
RT What is your favorite browser? I like what Safari's done recently with mirroring some iTunes features
After 3 great years, it's my last day at Excited, though, to start at the next week.
are you lying
": Mitt Romney is the real estate mogul in a 70s disaster film who assures everyone that the skyscraper is perfectly safe."
Havin fun with the family! :)) think im going to be out for the day!
Totally! Must be something in that Scientology stuff.
got it!
smells like baseball season.
Gym and sauna time at the beloved dac
:D I'm super excited for your graduation FIESTA!!!!! BAH!!!
Great chatting with you tonight. You are absolutely one of the best guys in music.
Sometimes, I'm like, "What would Lisa Bonet do?"
Thanks so much for your intrigue in my painting! It was one of the hardest ones yet, but it paid off quickly!
I really want one of those hippie vans.
Done with my #cscw2011 talk on social media, infrastructure, and representation. That was a lot of fun! (and now I can enjoy this conf.)
Let's just say my dad wasn't as excited to listen to my CD in the car as I was.
yeah, on second thought, there are too many cute guys in my classes, lol. I don't think I'd be able to fall asleep either(;
Beliebers Do Care About Others. <3
Huge day for #XFINITYSports. Case study for how brands can leverage social media to provide fans w/ 2nd screen insider access
Just watching my battery go down..
.rolled another joint mah boy<3
sounds like everybody good but you
While banging out the script, how often did you and Ridley communicate? How receptive was he?
btw, exactly which person are we talking about here - re: feiring = oil of snake?
Growing fast! (and I used a flat iron) Did U change your hair or is it just growing out?
B warns of airline ticket scam
"Life is like a box of chocolates. U never know what ya gonna get"-Forest Gump lol
phillip phillips has got to win idol. hands down best performer, musician, singer, and ultimately he knows who he is as an artist.
All video at Art in General right now. I like to see a whole space of this!
“ girl cause you fired my ass up . dnt play.” Lmaooo soo!!
I hear ya... averaging 5 hrs of sleep for 12 days now.
: If it's Sunday, it's Tune in this a.m. to see debut 1st clip from #SituationRoom intv. w/
Thanks friend. Same here.
I don't want to pick a fight with you
I'm so busy! I feel so out of the loop! Heading to a great training this morning by Director Dan Neitz! Then off to lunch with the team.
Thanks again for your Match Day support, Christopher!
Amen! RT I'm not a fan of the maxidress or of Padma, but have u SEEN her knees? Girlfriend needs to cover those up.
Every once in a while i realized that you never told me you cared about me but , for some reason i just knew .
Where should we bring the supplies that you need?
I'm Alexis! I would like to meet new friends ) I will waiting for yours messages
hey sissy I love u
Stop distracting me! That site is a vortex of good.
I gotta say, Sara, I gasped a little.
I can't stand the tone of Suze Orman's voice. I'd rather ruin myself financially than listen to it. She's even harder to look at. No thanks!
#WWE Brock Makes Everything More Exciting . . . Just Saying!
Someone already bought our house ! D':
would you be free for an interview in the next week or so?
!!!! “: Yall ever wanted to run outside naked late at night?”
Good morning & Happy friday!!
With #MegaMillions jackpot expected to top $500+ Million, we're looking around the office for lucky numbers....any suggestions?
Brewers must be stealing signs. Or E Jax is a bum. I'll go with option B.
it's a great show :) you should come visit us at #EdiblesRestaurant before Jersey Boys
May 4, 5-8PM: Gender Play: A Game Center Librarian Curation. Held at 721 Broadway, 9th Fl Lobby. Can't wait !
IT'S GOIN DOWN EACH AND EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT WITH OF #MOST HATED ENT IN THE BULIDING. 2912 EVANS MILL ROAD, GA
#OktoberfestSouthlake September 30-October 2nd. Volunteer at www.oktoberfestsouthlake.com/volunteers. Check out the company incentives.
Agreed. Mentoring not considered on par with research or teaching. Sometimes barely even service.
Its not fun anymore.... Time 2 move on.... :(
Chun: These voluntary and involuntary messages remind us that we're connected. Friends care enough to put us in danger.
Digital brand engagemant doesn't mean what it used to. When's the last time you played fetch with a virtual dog or built a Nerd Buddy?
girl did he kill it or did he kill It!!!
Don't tell me you miss me because you are the reason I'm gone
What's on your mind?
#FridayReads A Storm of Swords by George R.R. Martin.
U can connect ur ears to your 'puter to make it sound louder, but it won't actually make da sound louder. U need speakers 4 dat.
Hope you guys are doing better than we are lol!
Snowing pretty good at the moment here in Clarksville.
on the very first page, there is an 'artist consideration' form nex to our twitter feed. Can't wait to hear from him!!!
Thanks for the workshop list. My todo list just gained a number of entries!
. Founder will present “All about Caching” at #DevNexus (March 21 at 1:00pm in Salon C/D).
Man at subway just paid $1 to use the bathroom. What the hell?
of course we are. What else would we be?!?!
in love with your 'you da one' re-imagined,
Hi Alfredo.... Your pooch is adorable! Thank you for following! Have an awesome day!!
Finally trying in Mission Hills
Who cares abt those clowns? I want that Acura.
I just really hate people
When was the last time we saw each other, lol! :P<3
Napalm brain
RT Never put yourself in a situation where you're not sure of where you stand in a person's life.
I hate hella homework.
banana!!! Thomas wheat thins, with just fruit..and an egg (scrambled)
How can you have 6 more weeks of winter when you have not yet had any winter?
Oh my stars! Enuff already with the tears dry it up Jermaine Paul. A back up Singer for Alicia Keys. What are you doing on
Are you able to sync your account on Flipboard for your Kindle Fire? It's not letting me.
he's gorgeous, talented, amazing, irresistible, and last but not least perfect. i didn't say his name but you know your thinking of him. ;)
That actually makes me really mad.
Private Credit score Reviews: The best way to Get Them christian ...
We are going ice skating today. Take that pedometer!
You could just drink the VCU Kool-Aid and stop this nonsense....
sometimes i sit and wonder what the world would be like if i wasn't awesome. THAT would be scary.
J train?
its back under construction
i'm at a payphone, trying to call home.<3
RT : New details in the death of an #ABQ teen-- why BCSO says this was not a suicide & hear from her classmates at 10
Chopin with my Hartley watchmen Ellen
Love your new profile pic! We must catch up soon!
so true. So true.
i don't get his obsession over making girls overcome their fears. i would not make it to round 2.
yeah there a ton to see/hear/do - you'll have a blast!
I smell like cigarettes and dirt and busted cars.
Caleb, where you been? Miss you!
Hi. It's too early for this! !! I'm going back to sleep love.
creeping? i think you should creep on my page & follow me ;)
Damn Wade!!!" DAMN!
p://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP5UzZ9hQng&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Dude. I LOVE giving massages.
Eclipse by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Gets Vampire Back...<U+263A>
Been listening to like nobody's business. So glad that I got the chance to see them last week, and see (: <U+2665>
For all my fans that's wondering if I'm still in the music business.... YES New MixTape Droping March 1 Titled J-Shin VS JHustle Alter Ego
just making sure.
I love occasional accidental IMs from Gchat contacts I've emailed with but never met. Today: "well, getting drunk and making out was part 1"
Sometimes I think way too much.
Dirty bitch , go use arm & hammer
We're soon going live with our new #AAFMiami #website. We're so excited and hope you are too. We will keep you posted on the live date.
i hope one day i have a bieber experience <3 i love you so much. you TRULY are the greatest!
Bought rain garden plants at Out Back Nursery in Hudson (half off if + 30 native perennials!) and got them in he ground just before rain.
Why doesn't wikipedia have an app? Or does it?
While I'm excited about Papelbon coming to the #phillies, I still thing we need to beef up offense
I'm going to try to not tweet as much! It's getting me in trouble!
Ah! Somehow I only spotted Larry David. No matter. The real star was Okay, maybe the building first. Then Seth.
Addictive things.
I got "marked" yesterday. Nice guy! RT : #followfriday and ask him about getting "marked".
Yea sure. I'm sure i can get money. Lets go together!
Had a wonderful night. Or maybe Ive just had too much dopamine & serotonin in my brain lately. Regardless, I love it! & no, Im not on drugs.
At first I was like "this is just a tweet," but then I was like, "wait, this is art."
Amy Winehouse, NASA shuttle program, who is the next celebrity to fall?
Bilderberg group summoned Obama to see if he could be their man. When Obama took office 14 Bilderbergers came into the WhiteHouse w/ him.
i too am irish...we are the best looking people around (:
Our supporters and staff are headed back to the office. Keep an eye on your email inboxes later today for more info on joining the fight!
"I know you like me, I know you do, that's why whenever I come around, she's all over you.
Lost all your weight, but gained it back? Girl, just start again and keep on track.
#followfriday before it ends
Don't forget $10 off all bottles of wine tonight! Who doesn't love #winewednesday?
Happy New Year From Me & The Team! If Ur In Town Join Us 2nite @ "Club West Orange County" 12270 W Colonial Dr
haha I will! Lol I'm not really craving pizza anyways lol
If most dem's are moderates and the gop is out of their mind--then what does that make #cnn? Certainly not middle of the road
DR this summer, next summer any time! Haha
I don't like complaining but thank you for askin
and thanks for being one of the handful of folks on the #, maybe next week there will be more? after they explain what a # is
Never be ashamed of the scars life has left u. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed, u endured the pain, & God has healed you.
The only 100th i wanna be is 'z :)
Awesome stuff, rocked the house at Westlands in #chantilly. 500 happy customers can't be wrong!
are you going to be hanging out with cory
terrorized those SUPER CUTE streets
The extra "m" in your twitter username on your homepage did not stop me from following you. You'll have to try harder. Ha!
New York, it is tired and hot in here
Naperville! Do you know where in NYC you are staying?
Math gets me hot omfg
#OnMyMind I LOVE CODY AND HIS MUSIC AND HIS FACE AND HIS ACCENT! RT IF YOU AGREE! SPREAD THE HASHTAG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
REST DOES NOT RESTORE PASSION #ThisIsHowWeParty w/
The names Bond, James Bond.
Got my English paper and history paper done tonight! what a load off!! #feelingproductive now just 3 more tests to go..
Good luck with that! I'm on my second Dora DVD over here.
NJ Climatologist operates way more hourly weather stations than NWS. NJ weather contractors have better understanding of local climate.
In need of mass amounts of #food Please bring to MY MOUTH in 4TH bell
Working on a new Voices website.
O.O Holy Penny lane, My father bought me a Fender guitar O.O
Thanks for the phone calls everyone! I was not on the train that crashed. My mom was crying when I called her to let her know I was ok.
n/p - but I confess - though you have a great chest - I was torn between the glasses & the tie -> fave photos! (btw: 10)
HRJOBBOARD.COM is leading the way with new job postings for Human Resources Professionals. Visit us today!
i'm sorry.. I didn't know.
"im Samantha I have sex with evveryythinggg..."
Totally can happen. That's how it worked for me and my now husband. Best combo - deep friendship, love and no secrets
Any word on when electricity will be restored to and Talbott?
can. not. wait.
Probably in a couple hours we'll hear.
Dang im tires, but i have to do my nails.
I'll set aside tomorrow night for drinks, if you;re available. The pub crawl wasn't the same without you :-)
When my feet or legs rub toghether.. That means im about to be gone..
Separate your self from the weaker minded they bring you down in every way
RT and win - Mom's rules: where do you think YOU think you're going? Happy
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $56.5 US, $91.9 foreign, $148.4 global. After 38 weeks it's still playing on 40 screens as of 2/5. OSCAR!
SHEEO report says: Sustained enrollment growth, state funding that doesn't keep up, higher tuition and fees.http ://bit.ly/GFTreM
Week 1 of flag football is in the books! Hard fought team win for the WATF squad! We defeated SWD 12-6 in OT today!
Admit it... You miss someone right now. A lot
North Carolina's amendment defines marriage as between two Nicholas Sparks characters.
&#9787; Get DVR Soda Can Cam Prove your Innocence
Watching Ugly Betty gives me nostalgia... I remember back when this show was enjoyable.
If my only choices are go big or go home, I'm going home.
No way. Shameless play for the senior citizen vote.
man whole day wasted waiting on direct tv... but Gladiator and Pulp Fiction are on TV!
please follow me
sounds good!
Is The Color Morale doing another album...?
Stephen Stills is one of the most underrated musicians ever.
congrats for your accomplishment! t it was a challenge but i done it thank you x
Very jealous. I haven't sung my previously well practiced tenor of that piece in a full choir since 1998. I need to change that
oh my gosh, im so sorry <3
Sick days are running out -- next up bereavement days. funeral directors standing by to aid w. fake death certs for family, pets
You Should Make A CD Called " Shawty Mane Is Back" or somethign like that. the song #LADIESLOVEME is amazing. i know ur rap
Hey go follow and find us on facebook! :) it would mean so much!
I just want 1 sunny weekend!!
Lets go to the old folks home, lets get doped up n we will all get stoned... that's my shit
Everyone be making tweets about they #feelings ugh shut up
Our Minneapolis market is having their Great Haircut Sale! Stop in today & get a great haircut for $8.99!
may be lazy to type out #followfriday, but he's motivated enough to tell great jokes when he's at our shows!
Girls gone fucking wild
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different. -- Kurt Vonnegut
Brandeis game with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I don't even know what to say when anyone asks me "do you like one direction?"
what's your email?!
I'm hungry.
Been neglecting my tweeps...making a cross country move is not easy.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Neal Brennan
So sorry for your loss! Praying for you!
Payin my respects to Jorge & Miranda
Thanks for the follow, do you guys have a website? We'd love to check it out
Friday nights is officially movie night<U+2764>
yeah i got it:D i accepted it
Getting pretty sleepy! ;/
#ISTE11 maybe I should leave the bloggers cafe and try somewhere else to hear the keynote
Love the soundtrack to that movie!
little Danny snider traded the house for RG3
see ya in boulder, CO in may. can't wait.
Successful way to end the weekend! Hope & made it out safe, you guys split real quick haha
Ike sound like daddy
if you had to guess, what time you think we play Saturday?
two things i wanted more of: ape trade via Africa, and humans dealing with loss
Need one of the cuse runs NOW!!!
8 plays or places?
fast forward to February 3, then pause!!!
Seriously considering moving. Far, far away
Afternoon Tea Booked!
dinner at BF Wang's and then home to watch the new iCarly!
“ … flight attendants enlisted _male_ passengers to subdue the pilot.” —NPR Fo’ Reals!? How in the hell does the passengers’ genders matter?
Amadou & Mariam, Folila, CD review: After listening to Amadou & Mariam's new album Helen Brown found herself gri..
Help end starvation in East Africa w/ Bob Marley’s Save the Children campaign goo.gl/Z3rDp #beafriend (via )
I still like that song!
And if you love to read, drop by my site htt://www.LisaAprilSmith.com
Omg is it Sept yet needs to be back!!
can I get a happy birthday to my sister shes a BIGG fan, but Im a bigger fan! :)
#Comcast #commercial #audition. Bring it.
smile because you know your fucking beautiful :)
Oh no, this is going to take awhile to get out of my head!
Cnt waiit to get bak to the oc.. I'm home right now in hawthorne nd its hot ass shiit W.O.R.D.
on #Leadership - BP's Dudley says, finally, he and BP are sorry. What takes so long for leaders and organizations to take responsibility?
I know work is crazy 2day so pls try not to end up in the crazy house I don't think a straight jacket will b a good look for u.
sounds great. Fantasy sports junkie - what's your sport? I'm pretty big on bball (rotisserie style, not head-to-head)
excellent. Btw just started listening to the show and it's fantastic! Thanks for doing what you do.
Cool! Thanks for sharing.
People have been bitchin way to much lately
Three weeks in a row of minor #GoogleApps downtime. Concerned.
“: unman YA authors or just in general?” Either!!
Little Clickers: nice introduction of gross motor skills before teaching abstract computer concepts (like drag & drop).
Marketing is important. Referrals are vital. Some people have figured out a way to grow their business in only a few minutes a day.
Stage performance is a huge key to modern day musicians!
Rashon is a loser who mistreats women. He called 2 of my friends the b word just because they didnt want him. Rashon Henderson Fb
Nope, no word on a tour yet...but I'd expect an announcement perhaps in May if things move forward in that direction.
Fucking hate laying in bed not being able to sleep.
Good riddance to the worst year of my life. Hope to never see your likes again.
shit.. half nail came off ;(
Project & 2 Papers: DONE … One more paper to go.
come back austyinnn
Twitter Noob Lonely :(
RT : I want to try and land 200 followers by the time I leave Albuquerque in route to Vegas on Wednesday. I'd appreciate...
come up tonight!! Our patios are open :)
Jenelle Evans Engaged to Gary Head: See Her Ring!
It's a toss-up bt Bernadette & The Middlesteins!
Switching to Media Temple VS
lauren was with the kids and I had to study for the oaa test comin up
now this I agree with. Saad or Dwyer needs a shot. Put them in PV! Teal is done. Bench him and piss him off.
Forever hoping Austin will follow me.<3
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
Now watching "Water Wars" Bangladesh on
I'm so ready to start playing drums again....
Yes. His last day is in June.
#100thingsilove 89; getting my hair done.
Golf tourney tomorrow...so OF COURSE I messed up my back. Geez.
Meanwhile in NH RT : Breaking: GOP voters involuntarily line up for Less of More of the Same
if I find it ill watch it!:L or ill just watch it on youtube! #lesseffort hahah
That's okay. I need a morning person in the office.
Potential Jumbo Mortgage Player Dismisses Accounting Firm
NYC! who's ready for Rhyme Calisthenics #2 NYC? Tell us who you want to see take on the Wheel of Skillz!
did I get them right?:p
Don't you remeber?
Bradley Cooper..um ahem. Yeah he's hot.
It's been a perfect day of college basketball. I love it.
NEW FRESH SUPER DANK IN: Grand Daddy Purple to melt your pains away! NEW CONCENTRATES: Super Berry Queen Kief, Headband OG Hash WEEDMAPS.com
@ the for live show #fb yay
great question! I always feel digitally exhausted and behind the times
wonderful challenge!
I'm a boss 8) I got a free ice cream today :3
I'm trying 2 eliminate red meat out of my diet, because of the use of meat glue as well. it seems like u can't trust it anymore
Ezra Pound – A Painting a Day
TrueRT : Human egos often get in the way of making wise choices. Karma is a way for you to learn a lesson about your choices.
I'm not fan, I'm a Mahomie. I'm not obsessed, I'm dedicated. Austin is not just a singer, he's my hero. THIS IS YOUU !!!!!!
can't wait till I get these braces off!
Let the world come thru Baltimore and eat ice cream.
That was a fun party
love you too son.. you finally got me
even if he can't play consecutive games wouldn't that experience come handy.not every squad player gets a game anyways.
My cat just ran from a fly. A fly that was stuck on its back. What a wimp.
We understand. (: I Love you. (: x
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone says they a have high metabolism... And you can see proof that they... Well um don't.
this year is going to be shit of a year
RANGERS WIN!!!! WE'RE GOING TO GAME 7!!!!!
well I plan on getting sloppy drunk so yea
I'm an nba fan #gosuns but I never get a chance to watch them. Yes I'm a huge NCAA fan #ArizonaWildcats :) now waiting for baseball :)
Every job is a self portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence. Unknown Author
Now grabbing lunch with Trevor :)
On the phone with #Microsoft. Again.
Catherine Snow--ise of Word Generation for discussion of topics is highly motivating or students across domains.
As she wakes in the morning with a smile on her angelic face. I can only imagine that angels must look like this
All 3? :) Here's a #challenge for you ... #4) Let yourself be loved by her. ;-)
The main reason I want the Bucks in the playoffs right now is how epic this comeback would be.
You are always welcome to join. :)
Had so much fun tonight!
When will we finally have ballets w/ non-heteronormative partnering? Why don't we have men lifting men, etc?
Tata over Kell'd takes lead for Maulers
Thanks, you two!
I hate allergies. This is crazy bad I'm feeling
Great weekend to end up like that... Im so no music for the whole weekend or maybe until get better.
": what do you guys consider "too skinny" for a short person like me? (5'3")" Just get soccer fit - Coopers test, 2 mi in 12 min
Robin, you're seriously so talented.
Haha. Sending junk mailers each other's junk in the pre-paid envelopes is another fun one.
Yes, once again, #TeamFred is here to save the day.
Ah, August in Seattle. Time for the ceremonial bitching about the low-flying
I would eat those. Looks good to me.
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe #NickJChat 1
Does anyone have a Rane TTM 57 for sale?
Like kevin durant I got that thunder bitch
beat last year's time by almost 7 mins! My asthma is not happy but gad a great run. You?
Wish we could find him on facebook. Does your friend have a twitter account?
Rep. Turner says conferees might have reached deal on budget.
Haha it was really no problem!!! I was happy to do it! Im so sorry that happened to her. But at least she has great friends ..
Heading home. Then back to school Monday. Have GREAT weekends, everybody!
I don't like those tops but I got my fashionista Beth to help me look good for all the hunks
RT Off to pay bills, have brunch,and exercise! A productive day is in my future!
didn't know you went hard lol
i'd like to buy happiness online lol
ok with that neo soul @ mood lounge with my
RT : Wow.....RIP Junior Seau (damn)
Hell's Belles is finished and off to it's first fest for a hopeful acceptance! Now to send off to more!!
I used to be a librarian...
can we get a follow going into the spring season?
These are the words that inpire me today: Enjoy, Superb, Zeal, Quality, Best, Alive, Energy, Clear, Realize, Explore, Truth, Strong, Inspire
thanks for the love Yoga Rocker!
Join us tonight at Pub Fiction as we welcome to the stage oh yeah. See you all after work!
haha I saw you yesterday babe
New album drops TOMORROW!!!!!! Woot!
Good luck #Vietnamese #Community of #Oregon who are demonstrating a silent marching in #Salem to #Campaign for #Human #Rights in
except 4 influx of awesome essays and funny blogging by striking writers, not noticing writers guild strike.
Holy crap. Invasive, indeed ...
Oh poor posture, you are the cause of and solution to all of my upper back pain.
Well, 20 mins. into the show, we've already played both Hail Marys. So if you tune it, take comfort knowing you already missed it.
#mw3 waiting on the maps lol
Turkish Kitchen in NYC - Delicious!
haha, no, but something similar :)
Excited for my team as they head into Oiler territory tomorrow. Let's get those first two in their barn!!
Thank you for grace and mercy Lord God. Thank you for being my provider
I should have gone to culinary school. The chefs in this town are getting way more stage time.
WAT IS STUPID...i geuss u r
So Avengers was amazing! And fuck dubstep! just sayin
okay. so. i just completely forgot what i was doing before i got distracted. D:
Nice Pic. Who's That Guy? LOL
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
no i said that for a reason
getting excited for the ASHA convention here in San Diego. the 17th-19th. check out the social express booth
you shouldn't have taught your auto-correct shwarma :)
Sometimes,people need to know how to shut up (:
thank you <U+2665>
I ordered my #SoListen skin and I'm so excited and get wait to get it. Everyone needs to get one. Buy#SoListen. Best song ever
That is a hell of a piece—the one you wrote. Really excellent.
- Black helicopters? Did I miss something? :)
The draft starts tonight which means football is almost here! Retweet if you're ready for the season!
It's warm outside, but SNO HAS ARRIVED AT WATTS! Stop in & view our selection of this exciting new collection. Affordable couture jewelry!
#IGoToASchool where I get to learn about my Lord and Savior everyday
Hook us up with some #FF shout outs!
And here come the tears
thank u dahhhling
Friday or Sunday? And where do u wanna go?
that sounds amazing & something i'd be concerned with if was eating...
how about microgiving?
LOL Maury just asked the question of the day "Does prime time TV have too much sex and violence?". No Maury, just your show at 11am !
Shout out to my dude hitting up tent after tent while his party was still trying to find each other.
well liana if yur so sure he will tweet u back then how about u ask him id like to see his reply :)
Plan something special for the knight in shining armor in your life. Join us for Mother-Son Date Knight on April 28th.
Happy Mother's Day to you too!
Great service tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Happy Mother's Day!
I know the #Caps can recover for game 6. I'm not sure whether I can. Oh my heart is broken this morning.
You see a louse on someone else, but not a tick on yourself. Gaius Petronius Arbiter 27-66 A.D, Emperor Nero's advisor
Got my #PLA2012 app and filling in My Sessions Plan… nice!
They told me 2 turn up and I did yea boy
I wished you loved me
Thanks! I'm new at twitter so I appreciate the support! - Nicole
It's funny how certain things: cars, songs,smells take me back. Even if it was bad then, the memories make me smile now.
ha I love it!
up gettn dressed to go.
I helped build the first hut-to-hut system there and led treks to the Everest Base Camp for years. Nepal is struggling now.
i'm setting up a new #ganeti cluster today! happy web hosting clients in my future
girl, you are just having a terrible day today! Hot bath, good movie, bowl of ice cream... Treat yourself, forget the rest :)
I just have so many questions...
Despite having worked in the factory that printed and bound Where the Wild Things Are I've still never read it. Guess I should change that.
Damn you know NBA All-Star Saturday Night fell off when all they can get is Flo-Rida to perform!!! SMH
You ever threaten to hit my sunshine again I'll cut you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><U+2702>
Can you be my hard hitter lil baby
4 ice cubes a week? You totally got this!
": If you carry bricks from your past relationship to your new one, you will build the same house."
i know, Im sure im only craving cookies bc you are not here to make them! I tried to find an easy recipe online but none :(
heading into London today, try to do a little site seeing between work.
"Walk Past Me" & "Maintain" is Wut we working in the clubs tell me Wut u think
Ugh Sundays ...
Hahaha i just laughed.
I need to do something fun tonight....I wish everyone was on summer vaca and didn't have any finals! Ugh
you're right. 2nd degree MURDER
Omg... So we're waiting for our table and my mom decides to sit and well the chair is too big and she couldn't get on it hahaha!!!
Movin Like Bernie is FUN !!!!!
. The bigger story is the $100 billion put at risk
Things won are done, Joy`s soul lies in the doing. Happy Monday and a super week ahead! !!
like what?
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Jonas Brothers Family Josh Hutcherson Miley Cyrus One Direction Taylor Swift Glee y lo mas importantee: YOO (? arre :|
It's so nice to wake up to a bunch of texts and messages. :)
Happy Birthday to !!!! Love you so much. xo
Thanks for the SO!
Yeah, I read the goodbye. None listed there were what I was looking for, really...
You have your REAL friends that are ALWAYS there, then you have the "friends" that bring YOU problems or THEIR problems. I'm god.
Goal for today: fall asleep outside.
Id love to hear & 's voices together. ^.^
Sore winners<<<
So excited for the Hide and Tweet Hunt!!! Will we be getting clues to the prize or clues to more clues?
And I don't waste my time thinking about foolishness.
And today was a day, just like any other.
"If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce."
Dear BART "protesters": As an alternative to ruining thousands of peoples' commutes yet again, please consider #$%*ing yourselves.
Frustration and conflict are keys for healing and growth.,
Glad to be connected! :)
It is clear that if #Romney had to make a living as a singer, he would be among the very poor!
. Andrew, your article about Mofones is inaccurate. They are not glued, they are all made by hand by a collection of artists.
hahah well that can be arranged
that's funny. But its wrong.
Glued to the #VanLAK game solely in support of so he doesn't feel lonely in his #BelieveInBlue endeavors. Go !
Whenever someone is sitting next to me and then gets up to do something I always assume it's because something is wrong with me.
Let me know if i need to come down to the studio
#oomf need to shout me out
Vodka, SunnyD, nice bed, ceiling fan, and Madea. . . .lmao. Cute. :) I have enjoyed similar but sans Madea, haha. aww (hug)
Is off of work and headed home..done for the week
cool how old are u now
No WONDER I never get called back for a 2nd interview.
Happy New Year WGB tweeps! We want to follow more of you in 2012, but due to twitter's "follow" ratio, we need more followers, please help
dwight for lebron would work imo
Nimmagadda deteriorated his moral values from being ambitious to being greedy. He crossed the line and Karma reacted!
I said, "Henry, it's time for bed." He said, "I'm just working."
“: I think I only used the F word a couple times at the reunion "insider"”
your tweet highlights our report. Interested in talking to the author?
Oklahoma names Bradford the starter against Baylor tomorrow
u niggas really need to bless that 'welcome to h-town' beat man
Keep a healthy youthful skin by always applying spf 30 and up even if its cloudy or raining! Sun equals wrinkles and dark spots!
Aww Thts so sadd. :( I'll say a prayer the little baby.
Hosted a read-in today: 700 staff and students enjoying Ducking Gets A Cookie and reading together for
#idgf you're going to school!
Energy, invincible determination with the right motive, are the levers that move the world
Thanks for the RT's! Happy Monday!
everyone's left the office- time for HEAVY METAL
Another show with Michael Feinstein watching. Always grateful for the chance to play at !
dnt waste my time writing nonsence…> honey stop
ignorance is bliss, ignorance is love and i need that shit.
How you doing today , whats new?
Goodnight twitter:D
A monocle? Yes, I agree that you need that.
Gary surprise bday party downtown.
RT ": We can't change yesterday, but we can make the choice to make today a wonderful day!"
“: The best relationship is when you can lay next to each other and just talk about anything and everything.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Eeesh... at that point, I would start asking if it's really worth it to use that/those particular font(s).
RT : I'm excited to announce to everyone today that is back!
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't; and a sense of humour to console him for what he is. (Horace Walpole)
Them Big Boys hit hard!!!! Nice finish from Big Ben
get off my dick, dick's too short of a word for my dick. get off my anti-disestablishmentarianism, you prick. I fucking love you #eminem<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>
A huge ty again to all my #loyals who wished me ahappy 30th! & 2 all who helped me get that bday tweet dream come true <3 it!
Everyone follow a homo
my bad I ain't respond, but I can't call you back.
Come out for Island Night tonight and every Thursday...
Come Like us on
This blows. At my HS reunion and I don't know/remember anyone. Really!?
If you’ve met us at more than one Tamale Thursday location, which was your favorite? Where would you like to see us again?
Portfolio Review panel discussion.
if you dont know what lobbying is you need to get informed especially if you on meds
Cujo Come Home
Come join us on March 7th Loft Stanza in South Philly for our next M.P.E.G. Event
Anyone else w out power in #78704? how long?
and we have 7 study rooms
THANK YOU!
sounds like fun! we're very good workers especially w/ cappuccino
Ryan Miller is injured tonight and will not play for the #Sabres tonight
Whoa... RT : A Baltimore university student killed an intruder with his samurai sword at an off-campus residence.
"I thirst" (John 19:28) Jesus, the Water of Life, dies thirsty.
She wasn't meant for you .
tired of this nigga talking shit about weed. I'mma get him high when he come home from school.
. imy my young prince ^.^
Having a real hard time staying focused in the new apartment. Sensory overload!
Oh Tonia, Tonia, Tonia don't you know you can never go home? ;)
Dude. I've been taking shit about those two for at least a year.
Well, I am recreating a design on the iPad and I cannot use Myriad Pro since it's not on there.
I used to LOVE salmon. I miss it! :-(
: I think people tend to confuse indie publishing in self-publishing. Indie is a small, traditional press like us.
Good Morning Ron! I'm well. How are you doing?
beyond the pale, lies the ass of jasper....so friendly, so inviting. So juvenile.
M.. Why not something people talk about a lot? Like sex or movies or something.
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it. Yes....I'm not ready for this heat, lol
We've had several customers surprised how fast we receive an online authorization form. It usually takes seconds, saves paper, ink & time.
We love feedback! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
OKAY SO IM IN FUCKING SECTION 215 AND THOSE ARE THE WORST SEATS. NO NO NO
yes ma'am...got back wednesday night
We're compiling a book for the 9/11 anniversary. Proceeds go to charity. to "What were you doing on 9/11?"
441996 - icon :10 My favorite number <3 Ur really pretty and u seem cool we should talk more(:
how can you not know #hicktown?????????
hahaha oh my god my dad is hilarious (x
Wetzel's Pretzel!!!! Yum
RT : A4 Lately, I read about job opportunities on Twitter first, websites and email only later.
It's so easy to forget about Twitter...
Who wants to be in my fan video for ??? (:
Thank you much! Definitely miss you guys too. Best group of gals!
That text just made my day, i'm glad he's here regardless.
“ *Fat chick posts a picture on Facebook* "Fresh out the shower (; " Me: "You spelled ocean wrong." omg u know who! :O
...it looks like February out there! Good thing our Friday workout kept us nice at warm!
National Volunteer Week is winding down so join us in a big ol' THANK YOU to all our wonderful volunteers!
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes a common understanding of possibly contentious financial issues.
Mastering driving in oversized wedges.
"Fake polygamy sub shop" is the new "effeminate lemming."
Is anyone interested in playing words with friends? Let's play! My user name is jamiesfc
When the sun comes up im making music making music...
BACK ON DA GRIND!!!
#WackyWednesday when I dropped my toothbrush when I went to go take a pic with you guys so my mom had to buy me a new one!!
It aint no love... not even for them REAL niggas #Fuckem --->
me too Mollie Mae, well done!!!
And now CNN says they've confirmed it's Bin Laden death.
College Night is starting right now! If you can't make it we will have Family Night tomorrow @ 5pm. See you soon :D
": Oh, she wants you? Tell me more about being such a ladies man, virgin." OH WONKA!!! LMAO!
Feeling Cheated <
Collaboration with librarians & archivists could not be stressed more in NEH grant writing session.
Haha thnx. I honestly think that Ivy Blue sounds better though
Get me outta here
good morning Nate! :) Did you sleep well?
First Album coming along great :) Lots on the way 2012.
"We become actors without realizing it, and actors without wanting to." Henri Frederic Amiel
be there soon!!
No, we do not publish that info.
Long time no see, good to see you in passing for 10 seconds! Lol.
most elected officials are. I commented on yesterday. He is so proud to sponsor border security bill.
Hi Avery, hope you enjoy #Whimzle and if you have any questions let us know.
agree! health is the key and x factor in all sports--specifically baseball though because of length of schedule..grueling season
I haven't seen it, doubt he's had a chance to be asked about it/release a statement
Deschutes red chair IPA is quite delightful.
you Stole this from me and mary
Duane Wilson with 25 and Austin Malone-Mitchell with 14 to lead Playground Elite past Nike Team Florida at Nike League.
You're so desperate and pathetic, it's disgusting!
About to watch Immortals. Not expecting it to be good, but hoping it's entertaining!
oh, okay! :) I'm Irene from Spain, you know ;) hahaha
3 new videos are coming to Capes and Claims land! We can't wait!
starting to really want a long distance girlfriend. :)
Saw what Peter Flynn, & cast created 4 "Cool, Cool Considerate Men" # for 's production of 1776, today. Looks great!
Lovely date night!
I heard on the news they're trying to get roller derby in the Olympics
Studying for my Cisco Computer Hacker Certification...
3/14 @ 7 PM, Todd Purdum and Tiki Davies on the John Paton Davies memoir, China Hand @ DC's Politics and Prose Bookstore....
the things we do for love...
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I just found my pair of headphones that I have been looking for
At least Lana won't have problems with Axl playing video games all the time...he doesn't know how to play video games.
so funny.
I sang this weekend with my old singing group the Chamber singers. I am so
Stop by to pick up your favorite wine and check out 2 amazing St. Louis artists on display -Jennifer Hayes & Emily Soderberg
BUT non-PR staff would also like to have a way to participate, be a part of the community.
Guest moderator, Rick Santorum.
Haven't meditated in forever. Felt great to do it again. I'll have to keep on doing it I feel great.
On FaceTime with my twin <3 love him.... can't wait for our Disney Song themed wedding<3
Hi Ally - We're excited to have you!
Did my handspring layout :)
New music up for download! ... on CDbaby.com !!!
good point Stacey!
well, where i'm from we call it a skirt, shirt, and vest.. but idk maybe its different where you're from?? punk. lol
Go play in traffic
Whats everyone's favorite #Halloween Candy? So far Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are in the lead.
Thanks for the follow JOC!
Ho, Ho, Ho. I saw an early B&W commercial featuring the Big Guy -- he was downright terrifying. Glad they softened his image.
You know that terrible 3 am bird? Well it has escalated. It's now the terrible 2:30 am bird.
MAGIC MIKE - OFFICIAL TRAILER HD -
The power of determination RT": There's nothing more rewarding than doing everything someone said you couldn't do!!!!"
real estate investing | I Buy Austin Houses Blog
or did you say "POW" and they took literally? ;)
lol are you serious right now?? Who DOESN'T know that Jennifer Hudson lost weight?
About to go take some snapshots of these characters I recently did, ig i'll upload em in the morning
Are me and isabel really walking 2 miles to get fried chicken? Yes. Yes we are
Great bucket list item! RT : “Now I get to check off ‘helping to save a life’ on my bucket list.” -Gift of Life donor
ARgh! still have one more final to give! : All my grading? Done.”
All we can do is wonder. Don't think they'd ever make this into a movie!
Just bought my game six tickets because
taste like?
Anyone wanna buy some soccer cleats. I have nice ones.
Special6mom-wanted you to know the Onion Boy Scout video was a spoof - pls don't be too offended
Still can't sleep
« Don't you know God is a jealous man. Wants no one before him. Put him first and you won't be last.»
Another fantastic dinner last night. Too many great dishes to mention them all. Thank you and team!
Girls and Guys shouldn't fight in twitter its dumb
guess who i saw at the mall yesterday....
PS I threw that pillow out after arrival - such a minimalist.
they are still on???
I will be live on Kiss FM to talk about my upcoming movie, Jessie, plus my new record. Turn in to Kiss FM! Xoxo <3
#RIP Dick Clark
yeah, I disagree. if a capable dev can hack it with usual tools on usual equipment, it's not special, it just takes longer.
I have a huge crush on ;)
$235.00 to see in Dallas! VIP will be so worth it :)
DEAL!! Tell you what, even if you do like us (which we know you will) SHOTS!!!
they're the cutest! we picked jagger by the way LOL.
they need to install cameras in stoplight and on street corners...
Grind all day tweet all night
Congratulations on your acceptance! We hope to see you in the fall as a Golden Flyer!
11 is my number. 11 is my year. I'm feeling tough.
please save October 13th, 2012, to attend the 4th annual Accessibility Camp DC event. via:
if you don't follow us I'll tell people you're straight.
I need a show about my life #thewoods sampling.
I hope that was a metaphor for leaving the past behind
I really don't think you read his criticism carefully nor accurately.
Feisty day!
Seattle could be cheap, Claire. Are you looking at Airbnb for places to stay?
Birthday Party is next month 06.16.2012 and I have a BIG announcement I want to share. If you have to prep to preach you get a pass lol
I know! We have some "waffle-junkies" hanging out in front of the cart now! I'm working fast before we have a real problem
At least I don't drool all over the fuckin place and spaz out while I sleep
For a balanced #dog consistency in all areas is required which includes everyone in the family who interacts with your dog
Apple preparing Java runtime shift to Oracle
come in! or just stop by and take it to go.
forever worrying way too much over nothing
I Love it when a Lady has a sense of humor
Android or iPhone? What's your flavor?
hope y'all have a great time getting together tonight!
That can be the only explanation for what Fagen looks like in this doc.
At 's house watching Star Wars. ;) <3
Lol throwback she was funE RT : ITS CITA BABY jus randomly burst out my mouth?!?! Rofl I'm on tweak mode this am
things are great, hey do you know of any founder chat rooms? Twitter sucks for conversations, seems like chat is dead
heey you ! Yees youu awesome man ... I love your job! You #workhard you are greate! ..follow me?
yup no place better! #danceonthematress in the South~
Yeah Porter Wagnor Tournament SO cool!!!
Congrats to all the Cannonballers! Thanks for taking us along for the ride.
Damn Twitter.
Sometimes I wonder why I'm not married to Sometimes.
I was sleeping, what did you want?
Had a great time tonight meeting & listening to from at the meet up.
I go to tan connection right in front of Ben Davis. Its the best one I've been to around here.
The #GradStudent dream: working in her office at 8 pm on a Friday evening. Par-tay! haha
I've been trying to tell people how cool our 'scene' is : )
We all saw what Paul did for the Clippers. Their coach was terrible.
So apparently the #Blackhawks lost. Bummer. I really need the #Caps and #NYR to win now.
Unbelievable happiness for the Jayhawks making their way to the Final Four. Now, attention turns to
So the Spurs are up on Sunday at noon it looks like...
Beautiful day in sunny California with
the great Eddie George rocking a sweet bow tie. I also love the nachos at his restaurant!
man... Somebody pass me a brew (or three)
Thanks for the #FF love ! Back atcha...
I don't think i've hated a "celebrity" on Celebrity Apprentice more than I do Aubrey O'Day. Talk about conceded
What is forgiven is usually well remembered.
We appreciate it! If you want to volunteer, too, contact us at . if u live in US u can help!
Look out, and stepping up in the twitter world
u have to be chosen by her to be followed in order for her to see ur twits
Will you run in boots? If so, you might be good, lol! Not much snow here in Indy this winter. Made for a great running winter
#letsbeserious #Americans can never compete with #Asians when it comes to electronics or cars
Figures. Oh well
Ugh! Cmd+Q and Cmd+W are too danged close to each other on the keyboard!
Augusta National: Missing the point As one of only a small group of women in the national golf media, I've been inundated with questions
but it's about quality, not quantity, right?
Thanks for the follow! Really enjoyed your work!
Salina, thanks for following!
One day will RT me & my life would be made. #myidol <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+263A>
#openingday I love baseball!!! Go #yankees....now it's time to help provide #food to the hungry...later I watch baseball.
Friday + Charlotte + Traffic =
Taking my 2 boys by the new campus of The City's Church Las Vegas. Josiah says, Can I be a guest speaker?
AUSTIN YOU ARE THE BEST OF MI LIFE, YOU ARE PERFECT AND AWESOME, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<3333333
Hellz Yeah. Bring the models in
small window.Prince still signed up for 2010, arby for 2011 and then we'll see how bad antanasio wants to keep him after that
Ebony Goddess: Queen of Ilê Aiyê / Deusa do Ébano: Rainha do Ilê Aiyê will premiere in Paris, France, on November 19. More info soon!
yes, thanks we do have an awesome iPhone/iTouch app coming very soon. Thanks for the props! Karaoke on ...
well said
theres also no walmart, or chikfila.
Everything I have to say to you .. is said when I don't reply back to your ignormaous ass message ..
Excellent point!
Whiny baby Carl DeMaio cried to Facebook and had "Anybody But Carl" page tagged as "hate speech." Shades of Steve Francis...
Me and Austin kissed and he asked me out ... Then I woke up </3
I love my team <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Where is a and when you need them? Too much people watching to be alone
Buahah LOVE LOVE LOVE the commercial for Jimmy Kimmel
Thanks for the mention!
Hi Kendra! Its Toni from MarketMommies - This is my new blog (because I have soo much free time :
If at the end of march, looking at 1st election date in May, primary would push it to June
Nice weather brings ALL THE RATCHET PPL OUT <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
no way! so who do you think has the best poke on the island? because i am pretty sure its from the Kahuku Superette! Check my site
I miss my baby boy so much <3
Phantom was AMAZING!! So proud of my wittle baby :)
hahaha the guitar chandelier??? It's fabulous!!!!!
TONIGHT!!! Green Lantern w/ Thee Japanese Schoolgirls and Deadbeats and Barkers. Let's get on with it.
I am so very excited he will be home for the long weekend. I have so missed him.
YaY cant wait, today i am going to see celion dion at ceasers palace!! hopefully i will get to meet her
we have to link up soon brother. been way too long
#Fortunempw Regarding making markets, "be first an be lonely" - Ginny Rometty SVP IBM
Russell Wilson going soon. Book it.
I just want to point out that hijacked my phone tonight.
as in Avatar, it's a cartoon! Oh retail
First NY now Miami! I really need to stop leaving you behind! Lol Meeting 5 of my girls here!
RT : Romney's big win in Illinois is due to the passions he arouses in Chicago's dead voters.
I just want to go home.
No Kevin Harlan, it's not old school basketball, it's smart basketball. Cut to the basket when you are overplayed.
Good Morning Loves! Get the blue out and get the city pumped for the game tomorrow night.
hey, nobody cares lol
Rockin my new #TheSlipOnEdition cool don't have to tie any strings
fire like I’m third degree, and suddenly, we got so high, fire fly
I was super bummed--it was a nice reminder of a wonderful day!
Sad to see Man on a Ledge debuted so poorly.... it was a really, really good movie.
somebody is looking gorgeous!! ;)
hey babe
Last minute news: Clarinetist Seth Kibel will join the crew tonight at 1905 Restaurant.
Wish I could see perform Hammock at the Theatre Project. Alas, I'll be in tech. If you can catch the show, do it is beautiful!
It depends on the use. Normally, I don't have problems but for active tasks, I got sport earbuds.
Id do anything fa my niggas *plies voice*...dat track is my shit...im all bout loyalty
Q1 As a consumer, paying full price for an ebook that is intangible and invisible the second I'm not reading it seems odd.
I'm fucking hurting :'(
Pentecost is my favorite short live action film. My pick Raju.
Thanks for the kind words. And I'm really sorry to hear that. I hope things are going OK for you.
hahahahahha omg. She scares me.
Some one please hit that bong for me :) thanks
So many children in my apt. complex. Go to bed you kids!
Ask and you shall receive. Hope you like your flashcards digital...
I always get hacked on Christmas Day so if you get something naughty from me, it wasn't me.
Don't say I said something with knowing the facts !!
oh ok, thank you(:
- Eatinq my pizza n got dat drank in my cup lolx :-) n watchinq 106&park.!
Hello, I am one of the leading massage therapists in CS. If any archers need their arms & hands works on. Call me @ 208-0211
My entire body is swore it feel like I fell down the stairs what's really going on
I gtg sorry
haha, my scouting report: outta shape, easily winded
Txt me or something. I aint heard from u in a minute
cow shit, really... I like the smell of gasoline when Im at the gas station. Weird?
Sent you a letter on Wednesday! Should be in Astoria any day :)
Really pulling for the LA Kings there. I Love me some Kings hockey, and they Picked up Hextal for the front office, favorite player ever.
but where Flower Tucci @ Doe..the hiatus is too long im starting to think aids
No plans for today...what am I to do...
Working on details for the event. Save the date: Nov. 11, 2009!
nap time like a mud.
tatted your name so you know its real baby ;)
I am sorry I intended to do the"homework" before class, but my Cuz was hit by a car this morning and have been at hosp.
I feel so lonley right now. Nothing in my life ever goes right. I want to die!
p.s. if you want more followers, find yourself a pic to use instead of the egg
Homework was a stupid invention
RT : 89% of people do not believe in love at first sight.
hey yuhr really cute:)
Not surprised ... Not too many are you know...;)
Today is the last day my sister and her adorable children are at our house. I will miss them so much!
Most vivid dream I've had in ages. So absorbing I overslept.
okay I may need to drop Valverde from my #fantasybaseball team..
Crazy women are sexy... For some reason
Once upon a time...
who does arsenal play tomorrow?
Steven would be very disappointed
who said work ON your biz, not IN your biz? i promise to work on my biz until lunch :)
Haha, well, until Twitter releases a Stylebook, I'm of the opinion that a hashtag implies its punctuation mark. ;-)
so true.
i will be here till ol' saint sandy clause come through
this one almost made me get down on one knee lol
Sometimes God disciplines us- not as a way of punishment- but as a way to bring us back to Him- out of love- for our own good-
LOL! : #WORD RT : If you hang out with folks who dumb down the environment, you pick up their dumb arse habits."
that's fantastic!
I will tomorrow at the game!
I love you for your food in your fridge.
#marc12 UMW session delivers da goods! Check out ALL of this in educause archive.
PR winners at #SB46 so far - Indy, Madonna, Tebow, Sport Graphics -- list will change by Sat.
wow lame
love these two!
ck out they, who sound @ avant garden this sunday 7:45, doors open at 7pm--- Paul Connolly and Lucas Gorham/Erin Joyce $5/cover
thanks for playing like you guys have a purpose. Bring that every night and show this city what it wants to see.
don't forget to say goodbye!
Feel like Asian food tonight? Come to Panda Express at 6!
Almost Lake season up there & You guys have a great selection of Life Jackets & Water toys! Congrats on the new store!
What's the chances that Brian Long will block an Anthony Davis shot at the open practice today?
summer planning! any chance needs another waitress?
Pain often restricts our breathing, which amplifies the pain, which further restricts our breathing, etc. Focus on your breath.
right. Like If its tht easy I dnt want it. Cus if u wld giv it to me tht fast, hw many other ppl hav u given it up to.
cute tat!!
Team Trivia tonight at 8pm plus 35 cent wings 5pm-midnight. Come to for a good time!
I honestly don't know. You could try it...worst that could happen, it won't work or you'll be poisoned. Either way. :-P
I'd like to connect with you while you in LA if at all possible.
I don't want the to end :(
u got your playoff this year. Top3 teams all will have played each other.
YES. I love them all! I miss that show! I remember when Drake wa on it :D
Human nature lol RT You don’t realize how much you care about someone until they don’t care about you.
bro, Talk to me when you grow Facial Hair !
dont talk about my cousin like that betchhh
Twitter as teleprompter.... help from the group.
Just got home:) be very careful out there!!! It's only goin 2get worse
there's a secret menu created for Pacific Standard Time artworks at Playa and Rivera restaurants....inspired, nourishing, moving.
I spent the weekend watching every episode and couldn't stop. I loved every minute of it. Can't wait for series 3!
thats why im becoming a music producer when i grow up because I KNOW GOOD MUSIC!
how are you? Sorry i havnt been tweeting you : (
Go niners...I guess
Don't feel bad, I walk into my desk all the time lol Walking around furniture is risky haha
E-mail FX Network and let the network know you want Terriers to stay on the air and that you like the show!
Time to go get my baby a wash...
(: ! NO i been done seen that . Oh lord they so dam sexy !
Whoa. Just felt an #earthquake .
always so excited for sat morning breakfast that i can't sleep friday night. maybe i'll just start making the french toast now.
this gonna be a good one
Who wants to have a Whedon-Fest and go see Cabin in the Woods and Avengers today?
If the stupid cashier doesn't peel off the "save $1 now" coupons, it's ok to slash her tires right?
Hey Ashkon, I own/operate The live tweets last for an hour each week while the show airs. Willing to reconsider?
about to dump a load of tracks up ... check em out!
This fiscal yr in MI, 76% more GenFund $ will go to prisons than to public universities. RT if you think that’s wrong.
These refs need to grow so balls!!
thanks for adding us to your entertainment list! much appreciated. www.bartenderme.com
Hairy llama :)
#Join @ nychunt.com to get the prize @ fulton st n rockwell ave near B.A.M.
Wow, what an ending. Congrats to Kimball, 4A State Champs.
What a tragic loss. KC lost a good one. Below is a link to one of his funniest on air moments. RIP Don. May God be with his...
HTML5 FOR FILM panel at #SXSW -- How accessible is HTML5 for exhibiting video on multiple platforms? Sadly, most viewers use IE.
win games lol ": Damn. Some dickhead just reminded me the #Broncos lost Tebow. What are we gonna do?!?!?!?!"
photo shoot? :)
haven't tweeted for what seems like ages now...
Something has to go right today. Please.
Do you pick him at Augusta?
The people around you must see your success as their success. Otherwise, they're in your way.
Apparently it's crazy bad our there. Don't take the dogs out.
#gwu students make sure to follow GW official research blog
Need a quick turnaround on converting #Illustrator to #HTML5. Any suggestions?
Awhh! I hope everything goes well! Prayers to you and your family!
Under5, or a (U/5):[2] is an AFTRA-only contract term for an American soap opera actor whose chactr has under 5 lines of dialog per episode
Oh well fuck it
You know, silly accent aside, that is a good guy!
Joey Torres of claimed his third-consecutive discus title with a toss of 179'.
Unfortunately, yes. I have a call in to the City Engineer. Fortunately, my car was not parked in front yesterday.
LifeROOTS has 300 followers! Please help continue to spread the word and recommend us to your followers...Thanks!
me too
I remember back in the day b4 cellphones n unlimited plans where the norm, when you used to wait until 9pm to talk up a storm lol. Remember?
ahahah its ok son, LBJ can have MVP. Durant wants that RING instead
The golden rule for every business man is this: “Put yourself in your customer’s place. – Orison Swett Marden
Tierrasanta concerns being addressed at TCC by where are other
RT: Girls don't poop, that's just science. Read some shit.
I guess the luck out tonight and won't get another beating from the
what's up tresha. Yes I am. My schedule is making it hard to but I'll be around. I'll be at Smashburger tmrw.
Lol Yes! But I'm going to sleep now :)
“So excited for the dynamic duo writing team of & hubby David on Nov. 13 at 3p. New Ella Clah mystery. YAY!”
So this is what happens on twitter when I should be asleep... hmm... nothin' much! :)
Eddie Paul spoke about the library - very interesting. It was a conference so I didn't connect directly.
Whos idea was it to creat a 40 hour work week? What a dumb fuck
Looks like a nasty weekend ahead! Not a weekend to end spring break on!! <U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
The Secret Auror's Other Ball. Coming 2013! Can't wait!
is simply stunning
I love more than anything in the entire world.
hell yea...I aint 4got bout our project bro
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Louis: True. You: Wha-..? Louis: She's talking to me right now.
finally, it works both ways. Each person must be. End of sermon. Lol
RT : We have the club rocking w models in the house!!! Copa till 3 am!!"
Thank you! Glad you like it!
Tweet of the Day: Saving is the best thing. Especially when your parents do it for you.
Ok im bored so texting spree!!!! (267) 553-2010
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend that's an asshole but you're still their friend
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward. RT if u got mindf*cked
my name is heyitsconner on it
#20thingsaboutme 6. I'm a huge fan of and I cried when he got eliminated.
We end up hurt because we give ourselves to people who we think we're safe with.
$258.3 billion in USA annual health costs could be saved if only patients took their medications as their doctor prescribed ~PharmaTimes.com
heard. We lead a tough life.
Sitting home nursing a my belly after a rough night. I think I ate something bad. On the upside, I'm watching
Tweet me SWAG and I'll DM your name to
Omg hate thunder!
Thanks, Jonathan just pointed it out to me, too.
Our pleasure! “: Thanks for a great experience in radio ,, and !!”
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a time of 34:32 with Nike+ GPS.
I really just need to hop on a plane and get away for a while.
island oasis tonight before we head downtown.. be there for farwellfighter and since forever and us.. likely outside haha
Thank you Ms Mo! Have to say I'm feeling pretty good today- it's like the bad pain has switched to the feeling of progress! :-)
Bonsai tree sale all day in 90 degree heat is more like bonSIGH.
Sitting in the front row for "Beauty and the Beast" - I anticipate splitting my attention between the show and the orchestra...
what are you democrat?
ah omg i took like such a long twitter break but im back now! what did i miss?
planning for family beach storytime on Saturday. Recent idea: goldfish for refreshments.
Thanks and others for the marketing session yesterday.
Incredible first round of #MarchMadness! Congrats #Wisconsin & #Marquette! Thanks to everyone who came out to Brass Monkey! Awesome Fun Day!
Follow your decisions with action. Whether things are ideal or not success comes in the doing. -John Fuhrman
similar to sonos, at a much lower price point
From Aberdeen: 65% of orgs using business analytics report increase in customer responsiveness (YoY) vs. 33% of orgs not using it
Goodnight Tweetie Birds :-) :-) :-) Im NOT nor NEVER let any asshole get the BEST of M E !
Always unexpect the expected.
#Bulls have 40 rebounds and the #76ers have 26 thru 3. Philly doesn't have a single offensive rebound. Not good
The zen buns are back.
And you?
im so ready for teen wolf lol and i wish dylan would tweet me ha ha
You're the PR guru! That's even better! : )
my friend is one of many people who fell through the cracks in the system. if you want to save lives, start with that.
what are you up to today. I'm shooting until around 8 but would love to get dinner with you after.
Ditto! MT If I wrote a Didion essay about this period of my life raising 2 young kids, I'd title it "Where the Laundry Never Stops"
Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP Every Thursday Night DJ Hump will be Playing a Live mix of Top 40, Hip Hop, & Old School
Why have all the storms lately been going north or south of us? I would really appreciate a huge thunderstorm
Attended a lovely dinner party last night. They were sweet and careful with what they served me, I brought an FAQ safe dessert. Success!
How did he fare after the cheese? Hopefully better than the gummy worm?
Just got my first B12 shot, let's see if the benefits are as good as they say!
AGBANK-H SHARES : ABC Releases 2011 Social Responsibility Report - 4-traders
Shout out to our #QBM11 sponsors you can find on Twitter:
Why California ?
Quarantine me. I'm infected.
hope you find that big rock in the sky..
Yay it's another TODAY! Nothing and everything is possible!
RT : I think tonight would be a perfect night for #wintergrilling. Whatcha think? << I am serious thinking the same thing
your smiley photo makes it look like you're happy about that fishy fact.
Can one of my artist collab with u?
... Nice right now
I'm always looking up videos & tweets bcuz I love all her advise she gives to her Jasminators<33
Praying for you tonight. May God's goodness come over!
I hate English.. Fml
Texas D1 Ambassadors-Morse with a big win over favored Colorado Miners. 83-72. Miners beat Minnesota Pump N Run earlier
Ah I see. "When we have a statement" has become "If and when". YER SO SLY JAGEX. GRRRR we won't forget this.
Yup, how funny! Thanks! How many year did your daughter participate?
“: Don't worry dude, he'll meet my pimp hand pretty soon :)”
every four years in Germany.
Learning about Florida gaming issues in Bus. & Cons. Affairs. What do you think about this? Send me your ideas.
I saw the first episode. 4/10
Working on an #eHealth entry for a medical sociology encyclopedia - difficult to summarize such a diffuse and rapidly changing topic.
28 more days till when??
Thank you! :) I'm very flattered.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me & go to minorityjobs.net Julie Hunting-Tips.html
When it rains, it pours. Just got new logo design and site styling from our graphics dude.
IMM SUPER BOREDD SCHOOL IN A COUPLE OF HOURS!!!! ugh D;
Bahaha, no joke! Can't wait to see you at lunch tomorrow. :)
RT QUICK, MAKE THIS A THING: #TwoandahalfMenstrualCycle It can't be worse than what already makes.
This customer just said " Thanks babe" idk if she meant it, talks like that, but she was in front of her (Seemingly) dude.
Good Morning! Breakfast then Bronx bound!
Wishing good luck on his pitch today:)
my mom wanna come home being all annoying nshit.
On MSNBC, is doing a great analysis of anti-choice state laws and their recent momentum shift.
Just landed in moscou, next flight directly to homestory in 5 hours !
don't let eat stop at Patty's. I think he's eaten enough today.
Feeling some kind of way right now.mmhm Lol
Have you joined ?
I man handle dat pussy
seriously folks let a mess on the mall? That's unfortunate but sadly not surprising.
If your album wants to pretend it's all weird and shit, a lack of syncopation is a legit criticism.
can't wait until the Rampage fight
Wow Joshua #AI can sing!
I had so much awesome shit to tweet when I was half asleep driving to Rochester..... Now I forgot it all.
#bufferule We (liberal) have great ideas that don't con't to hurt the poor & vanishing middle class!
Would make it worth it. Maybe.
running & jump rope
sorry, we won't have it ready til 23ish
Handmade breakfast tacos to order Handmade corn tortillas,ancho potato,chorizo.sliced avocado,black beans,wholewheattortillas,flour uchoose
Thank for the mention! Happy New Year to you!
Dang. Monumental collapse by Mississippi Valley. Would've been nice to see the swac champs get a win
If I told you my gamer tag you'd need new underwear
What local musician used to own Galaxy Hut? What is the name of the band fronted by the current owner?
Wow then she shouldn't be a teacher lol!
? $10tn == ten trillion dollars
same owners I believe
"aye kyle, what did you in English?" "She gave me a 89.5......fuckin cunt" LMFAO
Since using HubSpot, The Murder Mystery Company has experienced a significant increase in terms of traffic, leads, and customers
This would make it all worthwhile: RT : fire Denby, hire Hoberman.
Attm latest wx models indicate a significant winter storm--potential blizzard--from portions of KS, NE and IA thru WI and MI Tues-Thurs
Are you going to kiss me or not #np <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Celebs that have naked photos released... Does it help or hurt their image?
She has been holding concerts inside of me for like, millions of times. How the hell does it matter if I only miss this one time?!
All elements are manually entered: affiliation, author, title, other institutional data, research profiles.
BRAND NEW SPORTS BEERTUBES at FLIPCUPS.com New Shirts and products every week
You should try prank calling
And we'll all float on anyway.
Right now im watching kids hold for dear life as they ride sheep. You gotta love east Texas
what are u talking about school in canada is free
If it wasn't about money football, baseball, and basketball
Nice win by the #giants. Gets them right back on top of the #nfceast. Too bad the #eagles won. Thx Rex.
lol to make such a move. She is beautiful :-p do you know the sex yet?
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
thanks brother plenty more comin keep an eye out
Big Blue Nation
'Don't forget to bring a towel'
no, I don't know where my diploma is. I went to a framer for my degree ASAP lol
Sorry I'll write something more better later
": Tweeting bullshit to the world. <U+13A6>ince 1921" there was no Twitter back then, and you're not 91.
I'm not much for dancing, but for you I did<3
Love Your impersonations!!
Random Twitter question: In your eyes, who was the better overall athlete, Deion Sanders or Bo Jackson?
the bulls have very athletic white players
Not looking forward to therapy at all.
According to neither girls nor John Mayer dump.
OMG no way!! :O that's so awesome lol
Nothing kills a chubby quicker
Weclome ! RK- be sure you follow too. Their converstn has been cracking me up all AM.
Well it takes a lot of guts to do what you're doing with you're startup.
RT The total number of private sector jobs created since became gov has once again dropped under 100k
Stomach aches prevent more studying than they inspire. I got a bit done today, but not as much as I hoped.
I get it lady. You spent 10 years in Africa. Maybe you should announce it to the whole cafe a few more times though just in case.
got a balcony with ocean-view, internet access, wheelchair, and food and ice on the way, sweet!
I didn't make my portfolio until it was a requirement for my capstone. You'll have plenty to share when the time comes
sometimes I feel like I'm hitting my head against a brick wall...over & over.... so frustrating
RT : I hate wanting to text someone, but you feel like you're bothering them.
Happy Birthday Momma Jbenk (:
Thank you! RT We were just introduced to at Stoughton Opera House. Love. Feeling
Vasset is actually demonstrating the exercises in her book, and the rest of the panelists and some of the audience joined in.
The big kid grind starts again tomorrow :)
didn't change it
Who are you quoting?
We at applebees since it aint no Uwm party
Being forced to watch the crazies
That's all I was going to talk to you about. Oh and I was also going to ask you if we were doing anything 4 the weekend? :) !*)
I'm trying to find you! Hahha!
These words are my own ...
if u sign up for it u got to create a user name and password what u can remember. If its taken u got choose another one
lol. Really waddy. Don't do that. I really miss you too bighead.
Please note that my comment on your video is not describing you. That is all.
I wish. Actually, I wish I was Moprah, that's what I wish
mine too. I have never been in a stadium louder than Wrigley at that point. Chills just thinking about it.
Oh no, was it on tonight? We missed it!
pack your bags! :)
When you're with me, it's like an angel came by and took me to heaven.
Is Justin Following is his mentor's footsteps? #Usher sympathizes with #Justin Bieber's problems.
Taking grad students to Patoka Lake in the morning to put on a folklife festival. Bluegrass, Amish toys, hoop nets, & more...
let's get someone to flier the campus beforehand b/c Casa Fiesta is right there. #dcshows #lightsresolve #5bucks Sat 4/21Casa Fiesta
Blichmann is a little backed up by the holidays but it's going out soon I am sure. Cheers!
#TwSIG Use the . Use a small character to let people know you are just between the two of you. Dot before @ opens it up
its okay, just 3 more months. :)
hey spitty spit spit!
meant to say shit. Fucking auto correct
Everythings a GO!
yea so i kno its kinda late but i just watched Devil movie dude it was absolutely trash lol mad i wasted my time
Appreciate the #follow!
Lance Berkman, professional hitter.
“: Underway. Green chips are 100s, not 25s here. Messing me up. #nobeeratirishopen”
that bites
Nice meeting u at Lenox "Urban Outfitters".... "The twin"
awww my bad c u game 3
Cant wait to get a new phone... the voyagers internet is definately not up to par! Perhaps the droid is next
A guy with heart, income, and a pothead !!
I'm in a Google Hangout learning about searching..
I liked the image linked home page.
(you never know what you get)
I know who that's about, text mee
hey baby please,please,please follow me
I just had a great conversation with a co-worker about "medical tourism." What a fascinating, fast-growing industry.
OK, let me know if you need either
yes! I have for a couple years now & became an advisor a few months ago.
Yay! RT A book is definitely in the works. So many stories to share about the lessons learned on the road.
I am not there yet but I will muahhhhh
Ah I just cant fuck with half of the people I used to fuck with.
So today was senior skip day or some shit? Weak. Everyday of senior year was senior skip day for and me. attendance lady loved us.
We'll be there!
Good morning, but I digress
Coffee, or food, is always a plus. I'll have to check them out next times swing by there.
you will be missed.
I don't want to leave my sister but I'm ready to be back home.
also, be sure to tell Nick that I have more followers than you, I'll do his PR.
How do u balance being an artist & _______? Fill in the blank & share ur experience.Tweet back or email
How many times can I break 'till I shatter?
Bubba rocks that 4 button shirt like its his job lol and he def utilizes every button.
RT : Anyone's company having a fundraiser in December? Let me know so I can list in calendar!
#NRAShow starts tomorrow! Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass. Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
We missed you! You should come participate!
no I think it was pallordia? A music channel...and she did a set..u had on a black leather jacket..
I feel bad when someone likes me and I don't like them at all.
The thing that makes Los Angeles unique and special is that the cultural skeleton is not European.
okay so what on Earth did you do Austin?
Experiencing panera bread for the dirt time with
thank you :)
haha will do my friend
3 hours after original departure time & I'm still stuck @ O'Hare...
gets it done first match! keep it going brother
Student Quote: "I like the 3-move checkmate, because I win fast. Well, sometimes people stop me. I kind of use it all the time." - Karina, 7
Agreed! And would add "Finishing The Hat."
I really really do not like u right now.
you do that too??
At what point does ambition become hubris?
all you know but you don't even do that intelligently, you make racist comments, regurg. Talking points or use sayings u've
damn that tweet was depressing
Date night - it's a beautiful thing! We're indulging in perfect Asian food at a favorite SAP UX haunt - Teikoku. Yum!
We are? What outfit is this? >_>
Only joining for a few minutes - holiday commitments ;)
I kinda want to see a show where Sherlock and Holmes are different characters now.
Heey from me and Catherine:D
#Milwaukee's system: Everything is guarded, checked by machine and paper ballots. If you were there, guard on you :)
ain't you a lucky guy!
I cannot wait for Gossip Girl to start!!!! I must know Chuck's fate : D
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it's a brighter day
lmao!!! I didn't sat I wanted nothin b.i. That was I just agreed that was some foolery u tried to hit us wit
how are you doing?
Can't wait for some Sunday night shows.
said it best. "We idolized Derek, we admired Pettitte and we roared for Jorge, but we worshiped Mariano."
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
ready to conquer Riverside Casino tomorrow mornin :)
From now until March 31, $2 of every ticket sold to Lombardi will go towards colon cancer research.
Please let us know if you need help with any media needs - we would love to help you make your dreams come true.
Who buys midevil weapons these days.
Um..Pictures?
1.i love being naked 2.not for long
I have serriousss issues, man.
#SwaggFAIL when yo outfit cute and yo hair is just all over the place.!!
People are not lazy. They simply have important goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them
Like really? Wtf!
Yes please!
From everyone at Enterainment Unlimitied we want to wish you a safe & Happy New Year. See you 2012.
#csa12 Reddy: How Academic knowledges/institutions interpret social difference is central to how the state produces legitimate violence
Sunday Sunday Sunday!!!
And the Vandy bar woke up.
Velvet Underground...yes!
When you are on the #job hunt, what are the sites that you typically visit to begin your search? I would love to get your feedback!
Im most likely going to be home in two weeks. I want to stop in Marquette while I'm up since I haven't had a chance to yet! haha
Need new bathing suits for the summer? Tell us why you deserve a new Victoria secret bathing suit!!
Know of anyone looking for a full time position in Oakland area at minimum wage? If so-message me!
follow please ((:
woof :D woof woof?
followed and hi<U+E057>
Thank you, and yes, all good on my end. I miss you and the gang up north!
I hate materialism, but I hate not having things more.
I would actually like to hear some of my favorite DJ's give up their best tunes of 1970, 80 or 90!
#HappyNewYear everyone! Lets end the year with $1 drinks from #bartab!!
I was just looking at my albums and I just noticed she writes heavily on all her albums. Get it Ci!
Cuz we are scared that there might not be anyone ......
Michigan Tech, GM To Show Off High School Talent
Heading to our friend's house in London for a traditional Sunday roast
Jealous! I graduated HS in '93. I miss those days! I may dig out my old Jane's tshirt tonight and wear it around the 'burbs.
Hey, TAB friends, gotta any awesome shows you'd like recommend this weekend?
oh never mind
When I see really annoying people I think "hey,they wouldn't be that way it someone just punched them in the throat"
It annoys me that cartoon characters always slip on banana peels when, clearly, grape skins are more hazardous.
Love you all
We got attacked by an underwater bear on the float trip!
Talkin to my girl buttons
where the beats @
Once again, #Brewers fans, remind me why we think head-case Gallardo is our ace?
Hope everybody is happy now. You voted the ones who started the recession back in!
Wearing my tam at #GWU commencement makes me feel like a cross between a French painter and the Pillsbury doughboy. :)
Being good at your work is a key success factor,--"Be not simply good - be good for something." Henry Thoreau; Does Your Work Have Passion!
Okay! night Kermit.
not saying its aliens...but its aliens.
it's a serious question!
When people are out begging for money at Food City. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
1800- The US #Congress divided up the Northwest Territories, separating #Indiana from
Trying to make sure my last bite of food is a good one
Always good to have the Wildcats following. Luke Walton would be proud.
now I'm thirsty....
KG is guarding everybody.
Pats have a lot of beef on that DL with Wilfork and now Haynesworth. Great addition...now just need to add an OLB who can rush the passer
Wanting somebody to twt me so bad. Somebody??plweasssseeeee *Bretana*
Google skull kid and play the game :)
Hey it's Kareem's birthday! The party will be tomorrow -- come on up and join in the celebration! Main event @ 1 PM | 7916 SE Foster
I luv Maca's drummer, he has his own fan club. #
I haven't drank just milk by itself in a long time. Wow it's delicious!
I just put the story up my story ppl
Ever wonder what baby meat would taste like? My guess is it's pretty tender.
OK. All the other big web based services we use post system updates when they are having problems. Sort of a good idea.
RT Balanced Budget Amendment - version 1: Fails in Senate by large margin. 21-79
#IDidntTextYouBack because I'm a terrible texter
Here it goes...
Getting tired. Gatta get up n drive back to Atlanta
At a lost. . I really dont know what to do .. smh
Neil Heywood: new details emerge of British business dealings of Chinese woman suspected of murder
Okay TikiDolls, we hope you've enjoyed the pics! Much more where those came from on facebook.com/tikiclothing, everything is #justFAB! (:
Ha how u gone window shop in the metro.
look forward to sharing them. :)
If I had to name a scent that captures my essence, I'd probably call it: BabyMaker...by Zach
Summary Box: Nestle to buy Pfizer unit for $11.85B - San Antonio ...
Today I'm gonna do homework and blast Whitney.
Who is that freak who keeps screaming "Bravo!"
I'm OK with it now as long as it is not falling from the sky.
This show is crazy . Lol
San Francisco State University -- keeping it local :) Classes start August 24th. Stoked to go back to school!
Got a perm. My Afro is officially gone!
when is your show on fri night? And is it same place in #otr?
Assault & Recon! RT“: #shoutoutsunday RT and tell us what your last purchase was from #vitaminshoppe”
Looks like a great team building event! Thanks for sharing!
Stop referring to her like that. She has a name Ray. It's Layla and were taking things slow.
Apple's "Feast or Famine" approach to updates continues! We don't see any updates for months, then they all come at once!
well what do you want to do then? Lol
: Not possible. That #foreverlazy is the best thing. May 27. WHAT IS IT!?!?
#Tebow.....Jets.... O_o.....No Impact on Jets winning, just more Headlines and more Jerseys sold. I think this was all a marketing decision.
You will be working til midnight? I will have read a few good chapters and been asleep by then.
"The "Big Bang" definitely has erotic overtones." :-)
true story
#ThingsMyMotherSays So Long As I'm Alive And Breathing You Can't Have A Tattoo!
Awww yeah! Thanks for the #ff love, former journo who has escaped the beast.
Lunch can't come soon enough!
I think there's no harm in it but it might not work as well.
Awhile back I got an email from the Jimmel Kimmel people to enter to be on the show I don't have a drummer though.
ya, I tried to let people know. It was pre-recorded, but so sad for Kiva! Tech issues are so annoying!
Wishing everyone a good night! Must get grandkids off to school tomorrow - an early morning again - need to catch some z's. Sweet dreams!
That's awesome, and got it on kindle too?
Oh shit! Lol s/o for the follow
“Reality is broken. Game designers can fix it.” <U+2015> Jane McGonigal
Extremely worried about chad... I fucked up today dude. I fucked up.
Help her out! RT : I am thinking about I would like some opinions from someone who is taking this master. Thanks!
Ooh, very interesting especially in the wake of Amy Winehouse's death
I will resume my 2k12 online assoc path To the nba finals around 3 later today
Now accepting nominations for 's campus characters. Go!!!
That looks like a lot of meal points right there... =p
PS, those responding w/ reading suggestions/alternative critiques of Burke, please keep those coming! Grad WS w Arabella is tomorrow (1/2)
Life makes no deals...it wins with your demise!
Lunch will be ready at noon in the front lobby--we'll move into 1100 (games lounge/lecture hall) to eat.
Polar express in imax with ! Pretty excited about it.
Golden Labs bark too much - I actually prefer irish setters
RT : Last day of college... It's been an awesome 4 years Edgewood
Ah... I want to photograph someone completely stunning with my T3i Canon SLR camera!
MEN you should all have dates tonight!
i have to dig into this one! A Mazda RX3 stn wagon with a stick shift i learned to drive on the way home. Pd $500.
Ill Cut Off Every Nigga Just To Be Wit Him
They're = they are. Their = their boat, ownership. You're = you are. Your = your dog, ownership. Just a quick reminder. Good afternoon!
solid article about Rockstar
Yeah! Its fun again at the Garden. Thank u Mike for firing yourself. My Knicks look good. They are having fun again!
Overheard at #OGP2012: "A data portal is a symbol of accountability and transparency." This is dangerous thinking.
. 2/2 bath water so they wouldn't "look at" themselves & avoid patent leather shoes, which might reflect their undies!
Why does everyone keep cutting me off when I'm kind the middle of my rock ballad?
Liverpool have conceded third fewest goals this season. Thank God! A lot of those 1-0 losses could have been 2-0 or 3-0
Gearing up for the start of the school year - all RIT and OPLer's, are you ready?!
aww damn... That's all bad bro
How is everyone doing tonight?
You don't think I already know that?? -_-
If this guy in front of me doesn't quit hocking flem, I'm going to roundhouse his head.
#AWSSummit cont'd: PBS' John Brendsel provides a description of AWS services used and deployment strategy for PBS mobile (1:09 mark)
First time that's happened since 1966. Something is obviously wrong with the world right now.
Go get some Marionberry pancakes at The Fisherman's Porch. (Dad might know about that from Portlandia.)
I read all types of fanfics. Mostly Justin Bieber ones since my account is all about him. I Co-own this account. But yeah.
any chance you guys will have a growler fill station?
Great to meet you on Friday- thanks for coming!
u r not physically allowed to be this much hot!!
Little did we know we would be able to have a lunch-time sledding party on November 9th.
RT BREAKING: Official tells AP: Trayvon Martin's killer to be charged with 2nd-degree murder; is in custody. -RAS
I know, 2 days my love. You should try to sleep. Im going to go to bed here in a few myself.
Wow the Undertaker is 20-0!!! Yayyy. I'm such a kid at heart.
Don't forget to follow the official White Out Twitter ->
Happier than ever <3
Saw ur predecessor's last press conf & ur first. Tough crowd there & even tougher times we live in. But ur doing a damn good job.
i wasn't worried he would be 0 few the rest of the season. i was more joking with all the raburn RT's you had recently
Hour and half left on the costume ideas! Let's hear them!
What? Says WHO?? “: if your not up to date with your taxes soon they will ban your passport and you can't leave the country. WOW”
Absolutely! RT ": "Libraries are fantastic..." couldn't agree more!"
what is your favorite ride at six flagss???
Performance review day. Lay it on me !
Back to the grind after a LONG weekend I won't soon forget! 30 and flirty- love it:)
lmfao we're going to be soo swag when we step out with our bummy outfits #YOLO :x
LIZZIE MY PHONE...!!!
ok bet
shit see if Bryson can buy too, the more the better
crept downstairs at 6am for my daily sneak-in writing time b4 I wake kids at 730 and found 3/4 of them hanging out on the couch
Seven Hours and 20 minutes until the HUNGER GAMES!!
Mr. President - Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid to help with our deficit? We do not have the $ to send outside the USA.
Mike, you might as well give up. Davis is showing to be an ironically close-minded individual right now.
congrats! I am sure it helps ppl, but it needs to be privately funded, we can't afford it
Well 1-1 so far. Today's picks NY 20 ATL 17 and think PIT is going to win but I love Tebow so DEN 17 PIT 10. What are your picks.
There's a giant moon out tonight...and me, without my camera. *sigh*
The more I spend time with you, the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again... Fall in love. <3
Ill Givee Youu What Youu Need... Only If You Say Please. (;
I'll have my answer by tomorrow for sure
thanks. And it's been way too long since I've seen you. Let's fix that.
Did anyone realize that Kate Upton is 19?? The heck?!
*respective. RT: Melvin Gordon & Derek Watt were the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during the scrimmage.
there is a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot...
I know alot of people have been raggin on you about your surgery. I think that as long as you dont hurt anyone its your
I believe I am such a better wife than I was a girlfriend. Marriage looks good on me.
Is the earth spinning faster, or are we just just busier?
So this Ryan Tannehill that everyone is slobbering over must be a different QB than the one I watched in College Station last season.
You won't regret buying a machine that's tied to a table? Albeit, an incredible machine, but not so easy to toss in a rucksack!
What is everyone most looking forward to about #NZWineDay!?
This is fun.
Hearing everyone talk on here about going to their cottages, i wish i had one!
Oh, I'm glad I remembered in time that tomorrow is an important day. May the Fourth be with you.
less do ettt
You are most welcome
yea I wasn't following him either! Haha
songwriter and recording artist in GH
true but I'm going to watch the NBA MVP ! I let the game rec! Heheh
You're welcome! :)
so, then....what's the next project?
Crying just hoping he's next to me if he is dead..life isn't fair :c
Which is better? Sunrise or sunset?
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "I got so wasted last night, I was like, so drunk."
:) im very happy
Chicago Cubs fans took the 2016 news best. They're used to hearing the phrase, "Chicago is eliminated." <3
RT :One time I found myself drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea
Yeah man,,,I'm in.
What does Huntsman have to do for more people to support him?
where are you guys sellin the T-Shirts at and till when
Correction. Not N-Judah. I got onto a different train end route to Safeway.
Cool Yule - Roseanna Vitro & Kenny Werner singing to Celebrate the Holidays - Love and Gratitude--R
One doctor visit 2 to go. Getting closer to figuring out this mystery.
Nothing like a little chicken+waffles+maple syrup to get the spirits up! Thank you for the tweet! Glad you enjoyed!
people wearing heavy coats n rain gear on the MAX make the train twice as crowded. Or so it seems!
Armory Week is here! Better get my espresso IV ready...
i love the song #morethenthis <3
Have I mentioned I hate the new Facebook Insights? So easy to find the most useless info & so difficult to find the most useful.
Nevermind, we just keep passing the same 3 Hoosiers over and over. Go Cats!
"No" can be a complete sentence. “: Sometimes God's best answers begin with "N" and end with "O".”
Yo bro, is the email still the same ?
I hear ya! I'm just glad I'm not the only one who sees it! :)
or thinking we all fit into some mold. or that someone is doing it wrong if not stereotype
your perspective on life is so inspirational. You inspire me every day. I love you pey<21
Happy Thanksgiving to all our sexy friends!!!!!!
Hurricane was a Troll.
Austin is one of the few guys who can wear tank tops and snapbacks, and make them look hot.
": Smiling has always been easier than explaining why you're sad."
signing in #Chicago tonight (Diversey & Lincoln Avenues). Check it out!
Hour 3 "A firework store in the gas station? Might as well build a dildofarm next to a playground."
Went to GETLOW tonight and I could do without the MC's.
I think if i synced all of my SN sites I could create an endless chain reaction.
ALL DAY RT : Bread Cat Swag
Playing some summer tunes for my Ducks to match this awesome weather! Strange Fruit w/MC Sol until 4pm on KWVA 88.1FM or kwvaradio.org!
Is anyone out there submitting to the SAR or DAR? If so, make you sure you submit direct evidence on each event that you enter.
RT Great Offers Buy CE Compass Case Cover Sleeve Pocket Bag Neoprene for Amazon Kindle Fire Touch Nook 2 Simple Touch......
are you a linux or unix based kernel expert?
Bored to tears ugh does anyone wanna go take a jog with me?
Casino bound! Hopefully I come back a millionaire lol
people are insane.
(jen) Delivering three projects to three different clients this week - all great videos. Can't wait to show them off!
If you can do what you love for a living, life will be a lot less stressful and a hell of a lot more fun!!!
hey :p
#TVDFamily #PLLfamily FOLLOW, I FOLLOW BACK!
#Children who haven't developed basic #literacy skills before they enter school are 3-4 times more likely to drop out later.
At the grocery. Couple behind me at the deli may be the most mismatched pair in history. She's outta his league and knows it.
I'm ok it's always been like this so I'm used to it.
Bam! Let us know what you think.
My horoscope told me that I'm getting fat
Today looks like it's going to be a good one! The weather's lovely, the coffee's fresh & the radio's playing !
COLT IF YOU ARE OUT THERE PLEASE TALK TO ME. I MISS YOU SO MUCH AND YOU TOO DAMIEN
shit jay-z and beyonce trademarked their baby's name (blue ivy) so now i have to think of something else to name my next bowel movement. :(
Well Good night sweet dreams ^.^
I am already a friend of China Anne McClain! Give another chance
ya gotta have tickets to ...its sold out! Jo Snow cocktails will be a treat for ticket holders!
really what did he say????
- check 's feed
come visit some we can chat d48 during closing reception
Awwh, marshall!! That was so cute!
lol thx...it was good times :-)
right back to it.....
Prom is today! Skied!
haha glad to have 'round the office! Fun first week
I smashed my finger:(
Once again working all day on the computer doing social media!
think im only american my age who listens 2 charlotte church regualrly lol. been fan since her first album (i was 12) i m such a dork
Tonight there will not be a new show for the Paul and Matty Show!
I dont even give a fuck im gonna hike through the tundra and get beer wish a killa luck
Duct tape is like the force...it has a light side and a dark side, and it holds the universe together. -Carl Zwanzig
It's a gloomy Monday. But I'm full of caffeine.
The Tyrant is dead.
Going to my aunts laterr. Then gonna come home, & pack for Tennessee, :D
aw have so much fun!!
Heading to the new member retreat! Hope they're ready
This day has sucked!!
My mom gunna make me freaking late to school cus she decided to make herself breakfast....
I have a hunch that Andrew Bynum Is gay
Appalachian Granny is baking Lemon Meringue Pies fresh at Acme! Order one today! 614-732-2803
Thats good to hear and thanks things have been getting better. So what do you have planned this weekend?
I love the wY u are don't change a thing
Whew. Sometimes I get worried that you all confuse me with her. You know, because we're both so... oh, we're nothing alike.
a dumb argument about present and future success
Don't forget the fresh squeezed limeade either!
M indeed. A loverly combination.
you can always request a bike messenger. Its cheaper and greener
Yakov booked it. 7.9min/mi. 9 minutes ahead. But it appears from the route map that Dan has 4.7 instead of 3.7.
starting the show in one minute.. happy friday!
we need to hang soon
“: !!! RT : Good morning #TeamFitness. Let's make it a point to be in #BeastMode all week. Let's Go!!!”
Do Justin beiber fans have anything better to do then trend on twitter 24/7
oh my bad Stewart sorry I won't make that mistake again
loved meeting you&Chuck in Indy! Checked out YouTube-SWEET! Your newest fans hope to see you perform soemday!
So many fine girls with leggings in the city today, to bad I'm in school
i woun't dm it i swear
i feel powerful when i make it thru a day sick and all alone.
Great day tomorrow: few auditions lined up & then off to Opening Night of the NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL. See you there everyone!
JOHNSON IS SWAG :DD
do u know what today is?! #NSD!!! (: i get subway for dinner tonight! Oh yeah
YOu wasnt even talkin2 me @ lunch!
You really do.
Congrats to for helping the 76ers beat the Celtics in Boston for the 1st time since 1982
Check out our video feat. www.kylexingtoncommons.org
I'm sleepy as hell and this weather isn't helping.
takin' me back in time. Just heard Posse on Broadway on the streets of
Please follow me..
Family Secrets - my brother was prom king but he always wanted to be...PROM QUEEN! }:O
Thank you<3. ": r keeping me sane right now. music in...world out. #annoyed"
how do u link ur fb to ur twitter?
thanks for the insight. Makes me think of that of that bad guy from the Wild wild west, cant remember his name, hm.
My school is in the newspaper because my has a failing grade
Happy born day my gee
Happy New Year! Here's to an exciting 2012... no doubt we'll have a lot of White Whale milestones!
We're Putting Fort Wayne on the map! Come and be a part of it!
Dear Abby | Even kids need table manners
So many beats in my head, gotta get them out ASAP!!
Wwt is ip twitter
Let's face it, Rick got the empty box.
Wow! Tears r really coming now. Farewell 98.7KissFM! thank you for softening the blow w/another legend in his own right
Come on admit that was funny...I actually eat very healthy.
Congratulations Beyonce & JayZ welcome Little Princess.
dude, the turkeys are out of control. I had a face off with one on a trail in tilden a week ago. he wouldn't let me pass!
Wow- I read the blog before I saw your tweet. & finished the 5LL book 2 mnths ago. Coincidence?
I thought in your books 3 days feel like 20 years
ALA ED reports 25,444 official attendees at ALA Annual in Washington, DC.
My Updated Site: www.leagoldman.com
Ready for the game next week. Can't fucking wait!
I'm blowing up you're timeline? Tell me how much u hate me :)
We will be playing at The M Room Friday November 25th!!!
I have two weeks of school left and than three days of finals and I'm out of school!!!! Im ready to be a senior.
Goodnight, Twitter world!
We just had a free day. Hopefully we go Kayaking again!
Hey gays. <3333
I am so bored!! lol i think im going 2 hav a cleaning attack on my room :/ Grrrrrrrr My OCD kicks in when i clean ;)
you right
thank you so much Paul! :) Hope you're doing good!
just wanted to reach out on Twitter. Looking forward to meeting you in October in San Antonio.
church went good today. guess im just gonna go to bed. im tired and stressed out. no cigarettes and cant go get any
Okay, I'm not doing my exam study, but right now idgaf.
had a ball wit guess i gtta get sum rest cuz im n lil rock tomw
Definitely, considering Swedish house signed a 360 deal w/ EMI last year and everyone seems to know who Avicii is now.
I did not want to put you in a negative tweet cause you're a bundle of encouragement and love
i think i stepped on something that stung me... ow.
I'm glad you liked it. I figure I shouldn't leave anything out when I'm on my Texas game beat.
thank you for telling me the truth
I knew I hated my sister for a reason.
RT: what girl<--- for get it u didnt catch it lol
ndckxksosnsidnsdhgev sorry :c
At DGI's #eDiscovery & #RecordsManagement Conf today. Stop by the DLT/ booth and say hello!
If anyone is celebrating Father's day late, we'll have some great specials tonight - cowboy steak, tomahawk steak & surf and turf!
thanks for the mention!!
#KPUHunstman Huntsman: "put whatever i'm going to tell you tonight in proper perspective, because i'm just a loser!"
LoL me to! :L
One does not simply....Take a nap..
Getting a taste of jazz fest in my living room listening to - wish I was there in person!
hi guys
New metric: Mean Time Between Horrifying Discoveries #devopsdays (via )
what does it take to become the 158th person you are following? It would be an honor!
RIHANNA AND BRITNEY, FUCK YES.
LMAO you won, BYE
ACU nostalgia this afternoon thanks to lunch with and today.
thanks! and Happy Thanksgiving!!
The real Irish American history not taught in schools #edcampss teaching w/o a textbook
haha!!! No alcohol for me on this flight! Hahah
Thanks for contacting us! We'll send along an email response tomorrow. Have a great Sunday!
Finally getting around to watching Downton Abbey.
its chilling with the whites.
New report linking diet soda to strokes. Just another reason to put the sugar and acid combo down!
That was fun! Thanks to everyone that joined us on Turntable!
I don't do drugs.
LOTS of iTunes/Starbucks gift cards & mystery prizes to give away for #b2bexpo scavenger hunt. Come to our booth (318) to get the deets!
Humble sweet/yet definately a man, underneath my shirt, is even more sexy 4u babe..cut da lights off close yo eyes n let Daddy please u!
Joined the Princeton club today with Em. Goodbye love handles, hello eucalyptus steam room.
Os only team in division to win today
27 year old Brandon Roy is expected to retire due to degenerative knees. I'm torn up about this the NBA is losing a class act way to soon!!
Wow what a special guest! RT : We will be there next week! I'm coming all the way from Memphis.
RT Loved Act like a lady think like a man!! hella funny!
Will do, thanks!!
well we will ....I been practicing in my sleep
whatever. ;-) just kidding. What's the Voice?
I'm studying and listening to music.
no worries bud. My beauty transcends typical hetero/homosexual understanding.
SPJ Awards Banquet is sold out. Wait list available if you missed out.
Glad everything went well today. Take it easy and look forward to seeing you play later this season.
It can't go on! It can't go on! What can't go on? This baby's vest ? it's too small for me.
He loves me, he loves me not...HE LOVES ME
- is a jet setting, tech geek with mad-twitter skills. What's not to love.
Try the new Skinny Cow chocolate candies, or a few Tootsie Rolls! They will give the taste of bad chocolates for less cals!
you're welcome :)
*eyes widening with humor* So it seems. *Switching both bags to one hand, shutting the trunk door*
Not cool #dwts, not cool. Don't make me think was in the bottom
DayUM home girl got ass for days you can add a week to that shiiiiiii!!!!!!
Would you support raising taxes on internet purchases to help the state's economy? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
sky is blue etc
avs need everything ... Seriously let's get better!!
It was probably a combination of both. I don't really know how much you ate.
Sharing is good! :) Have a great day!
My sister hasn't come home yet. lucky ass I wish I had friends
I also hate Rush Limbaugh. However, on the flip, I hate Olbermann and Maher as well.
STILL LOOKING FOR 1 PERSON IN THE ROOM UNDER 40 YEARS OLD
PJ, Popovich, Pat Riley made players play their system! Players did not have options!
I am still networking. Looking to have a new position line up by 8/1. Probably optimistic goal, but have to have something to shoot for!
Thanks for all the love on the existing handbag line guys! Just got new styles/colors in today so sorting through and photographing soon!
Nine more hours...
shut your mouth, Michael.
#threewordstoliveby Finish Blowing Me
If I have to risk myself in order to not let you step over me, I will
Hi Sweetheard how are u?
Great! Glad you liked it!
Wise and mature people never mock the misfortunes of others!
..Wine in my tall glass! Wreckboyz nigga Big Shit Like a horse ass!
lol thanx and i was in the process of cleaning up lmao
The girl im baby sitting just told me how she accidentally watched porn last night on her iPad. Shes 8.
read somewhere that it's South Africa and China.
Super horny Right now i need to feel ur p@$&! Slidin down My d&!# u know u like it when i pull ur hair.
Uhh i heard that the #princeofpeace was a nice person.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva & Houston Counties until 07:00 AM
Treat your lover right. Not just once every 365 days. Happy valentines day!!
My pockets kinda heavy so I'm feeling kinda big ! #butimnotarapper lol
Always wear sunblock! I love my mom!!!
RT : it was great participating in #SMTulsa via Live Stream. WOOF WOOF
A good teacher doesn't give you the answers, he points you in the right direction and then let's you make your own choices. - Glee :)
oh lol omg ok imma DM it to u
ha-ha sorry no
This Tweet is BLM Approved.
I missed it too. Hope had fun (I was busy packing for my trip)
If there is anything I am, its fair.
How exactly? They didn't put it on the ballot in NC. They didn't fire Richard Grennell? Well, there is Joe Biden... :)
Thanks for following Great apparel concept. Excited to see what you do in 2012!
yes the private equity guys get really profound as they struggle to provide work life balance advice to their portfolios cos
as long as you're alert and oriented times three, you have nothing to worry about.
I love your support for Niall!! You are so appreciated by the true directioners! <3 <3 <3
At #DecodedFashion today with ! Excited to see so many familiar faces.
This weekend I splurged on some of my fav foods. Had awesome poundcake made by It was amazing...
Forget You!
Popped off a Glock and a 1911 today. The 1911 was bad ass!
MRT Recently heard someone say u can't get nuance on Twitter or FB. I agree completely. That's why art needs u there in person.
Oh errthing im finna go home and bump all the boosie I can download
Let's Go Green Bay! Wisconsin Stand-Up!
A scrub is a guy who thinks he fine~
Hello good sir!!
happy to hear it! stay warm and cozy. BTW, it's Bachelor night, you watching? I am!
Mixing a new jam. Ya heard?
How many times have you had brides want that tragic song in their wedding?
How far from the Peabody are you? Thanks!
No one has ever said "You can play with that until I give it to the monkeys." Maybe Jane Goodall.
Bring mr.back sometjing.nice ;)
good seeing you too !!!
My 13 hr shift money is all going to the courts tomarrow:(
HT Thanks for the tip! Let's start putting together a library of resources...
#gradnation Loving this panel discussion. Best so far - getting great ideas to take back to my school system.
Man I need to eat lunch like this every day shesh
Nothing like starting Easter off with a 10 mile run
Up too early, with too much on my mind..
all I want to do is pee in a water park.
It ain't killin me so I must be gettin stronger!!!!
Every bitch wants to be me.
Temple run killin my battery
Hey Thanks for the follow!
The ads that you see are different for everyone - they are based on search topics, your age and IP address.
Bennyducks has apparently wandered into a lost Monty Python sketch. #totheendsoftheearth or
good because was hard
"Same-sex couples should be able to get married" ~Obama. "Homosexuals will not inherit the kingdom of God." ~GOD. You decide...
Paperwork Reduction Initiative -- what is needed in NYS EI.
Im so tired. I cant sleep.
i just learned schoeneman has a blog
believe it or not, my best material is when we lose.. ha
We self destructed tonight. Gotta get back in form.
Great video! (and nice beard) :D
Happy Friday, tell someone today how much you love them. Don't waste precious time on silly stuff, spend your time wisely.
so cold
Thanks Jorge! RT : Great night at last night.
i'm not even at school -___-
I wanna work with on music with anyone. So if you do rock,country,pop,gospel anything hit me up. I'm always down too collab.
check out
Just waiting for #NFLDraft pick's college coach to say, "What a lollygagger. I cannot BELIEVE he got picked!"
#Its2012WhyYouStill ... because Peter Hook ran out of Joy Division legacies to exhume
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their Quarterlife Crisis @ stratejoy.com for some inspiration! Ur not alone! :)
I'm missing this week's #MadMen so I can watch the 2-hr series finale of #DesperateHousewives. Mad Men, Desperate Houswives. Amazing titles!
Back-to-back threes courtesy of Thornton for the #Spartans. They cut it to five. 20-15
City High playing on #RadioNOW... Mega flashback happening right now!!!
i hate realizing that you have clearly moved on, and i still have hope.
Thanks all for the follow!
Wow, Whitney Houston has passed away... Very tragic.
Pretty sure I just passed Malcolm Gladwell on the street.
well behaved women rarely make history!
theres no point in sitting around and thinking about what would have been, you just have to give it a try and hope everything works out :)
Need The Invisibl Skratch Piklz to reunite for a #49ers tribute mix
no way. It is a style.
You know; a mint julep is probably more exercise-y
Chiropractor,dog fasion disco, being sick and in a massively horrid mood someone please make me smile today since I feel like crying :(
The Grand Hyatt San Francisco will begin work on the final phase of the $70 million dollar renovation
Forist: have to remember that visitors you meet roving aren't necessarily the same you meet at your 'formal' programs
Welcome to #CreativeGood. Any questions, let us know. BTW, how was Tallinn? cc
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
its funny even though im not home for mothers day im still cleaning my place. normally when im home i would clean the house 4 mom.
Voluntold: Being informed that volunteering is not an option.
Post-commencement nap!
I'm pretty much done.
I cook 3 days worth of food at once on the grill. I have my own BBQs
I loved The Artist and think it totally deserves Best Picture.
When was the last time u were tired as hell & had 2 deal w/ someone on some Mr Snuffleupagus type siht, breathing all hard and carrying on?
Super thanks to all the UK and EKU fans for a wonderful United Way Day at Commonwealth! Thank you for your tremendous support!
Missing my tonight!
Neither one of us trusts each other. So we fuck till we bust, till we cuss each other out.
Dark hair and light blue eyes is scary to me...
WAR ON FAMILY!! “: In the U.S. you are 78 times more likely to be killed by a violent family member than a terrorist.”
Singing Happy Birfday 2 Ya ! Ha!
get your butt online!!! Your almost at #500kmahomies!!!!!!! :D
There are moments where Chris Christie is singularly awesome. Then there are some other moments!
Hope you can make it too!
OO: i wear a uniform in the school lol
Oh yea tmobile on they shit, they sent me a new brand new phone in a day for free.
I see a subtweet.
but I'm not watching you... yet ;) LOL JK JK
oh oh oh oh I followed them!(;
good luck sleeping
I think my new #1 way to identify hipsters is to look for people using instead of
like him too! And how 'bout Neil Diamond? “: I'm more of a Tom Jones guy, myself.
I'm in. and my son too. I cant take any more Darling!
Man I swear
What? is on the radio now?? I don't suppose the Grammys had anything to do with that
All the #Rangers do is respond & take the lead!
can't believe you're playing in the Garden! a year ago, I was just hoping your album would release in the USA! #sohappy! :)
Difficult takes a day and imposible takes a week......loyalty
Why would anyone want to suck a dick?
All mankind love a lover. by Ralph Waldo Emerson.
My bestfriend and I can speak to each other through facial expressions.
we love you too.
begins a one-act play, The Last Orbit of Rhonda, written over the last two months as Sylvia settled into Northbrook, Illinois.
why is EVERYTHING happening next week?!
“: Texas Lottery just announced the #MegaMillions jackpot is now $640 million.” Holy crap!
haha oops! I am now!
Sucks to be John Travolta this week! There's a 3rd accuser! And the 2nd one has proof. Full story with the dirty at 6:35.
Every time you think they should be rolled out in wheelchairs they prove you wrong!
Good Morning.
I don't know which one to choose!!!!!
“: Welcome to Cleveland Brandon Weeden!!! Let's win!!”
just txted my mom and told her I want a bowl of Cheerios ?
There's some people stumbling away from the bar at ses ny
HEY JEFFERY...WE LOVE YA UP HERE IN NC...F/S...
Lol! Yeah I have a weird memory like that. Anyway forgot to say congrats on your graduation. Did you end up visiting Cali?
yo girl cedes let me to your profile.. funny huh.
Sen. Lucio reads letter of support into record at UT Regents meeting. Med school is #1 priority for 83rd session for
There's so much shit I have to pay for this month...and I HATE spending my money.
me three
Feel like a failure as a mom. My mom's on her way to take the baby overnight so I can sleep for once. Feel guilty as hell.
Thanks for all the RTs during our Blue Sunday campaign, Shelly!
More we gone get fucked up, no excuses no apologies.
need some help, brah?
I apologize to everyone I didn't call/txt/DM/tweet/fbook chat/oovoo/skype & answer the door for this summer!.
I hate thunder.
I think we have an announcement to make in 24 hours!!
I yelled...unfortunately. RIP. RT : Kevin Costner failed.
and me
Kid1 has a friend with the surname "Yongue". I know it rhymes with "tongue" but I can't help thinking of her as Friend Yawn Goo.
Health Tips: if you don't eat fish 3 times a week or more at least take a daily small gram of high quality low Omega3!
Katie Cassidy is in EVERYTHING.
Who will be our 700TH follower!?!? Hopefully we'll find out TODAY!!! :)
Apparently they're making a sequel to the movie Twin's and calling it Triplets with Eddie Murphy playing the third brother...
Every single day. I swear.
Visit from the clutter fairy! RT : I want a clothesline for Mother's Day.
at least once a week until it gets too hot here in AZ then I move on to my Steelers tank tops :-)
Funny thing is Im down by 12 right now. Had I played finley, i wouldve won already. If I win I'm in the playoffs. Lose I'm out
Don't miss 's live chat tomorrow! They have a big announcement coming!
I think you can
Yes just a little and I'm already taken...lol
via did I really use the word wasteland? Ah well, I hope my presentation was informative, nonetheless.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education. - Mark Twain
BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH!!!!!! A.K.A. Come grab a Maple Bacon milkshake with your choice of delicious burger at the B!
broke his leg ! I sat down and heard it crack - time for a new computer desk chair :(
I DID CNT WAIT TO SEE U GUYS IN DALLAS TX ON JULY 14 WA..SO EXCITED LOVE U?
*Collaborative thinking=brain babies *12 yrs in comedy=pre-teen *I've had a brain child w/many partners.
Eff u and u and YOU!!! Im tired of being the nice giy
" dont worry bout me making money, im n love with a girl that makes plenty of it... She'll be my sugar momma ;)"
probably in a haze Monday and Tues
RT: U ain't nun u say u is u a ckarackter
too many.
What is it exactly that you want? We have it all, for FREE.
Nobody to text...
getting ready for the holidays. we'll have several hundred new releases being put up within the next week! :>)
clay interview?
Get my new camera next week =D
Hey guys! Check out my friends at #foodiechats! They're talking about eating healthy. What healthy greatness do you eat that's SO GOOD?
With graduations across the country, many new #jobseekers are entering the market. How's your #resume look? We have courses that can help.
Memories with "I know my dog could kick your dog's ass..so don't even try me, Duncan is a merciless son of a bitch"
I have not yet seen ANY ripple building a current that can sweep away Autism prejudice in ANY state or federal Court in the U.S.
We need a good album name
Chicago investment manager donating $30 million to DePaul University's business school - Chicago Tribune Investment manager and philanthr
Nice garden! Where is it?
Finally got postiive response from today. Still waiting on results, but finally getting heard. Twitter rocks!
Twitter i know I've been gone. I'm back!!!!
Great bout last night, ladies!
I am on the Black and Gold bandwagon.
Not enough ...
Muscle man is headed to #Seattle for #snomageddon. Are we in for it? I think he may jinx it.
are you coming for business or pleasure?
What is NEPAD in your own words?
RT : You know your dedicated to the gophers when you are watching the hockey game on a 4.5 inch screen
Its time to ride. Perfect weather in New York city. Check out our site if you need a good bike. www.spcarbon.com
starting pitching was atrocious. Rick Mahler was the Ace.
#NowThatImOlder i realized giving head is mandatory for a happy relationship..who da thunk.
You should follow me(:<U+2665>
all I want to say is that they dont really care about us
im in love with this show. Why can't it be on every day of the week!
thx! There's a lot of slang most of us know nothing of its origin. Appreciate the knowledge. Professionals aren't perfect.
I respect myself.
Jews go to the movies on xmas and AC for Easter! Fun night peeps!!
and Lou Ferrigno just appeared..WOW
be careful traveling through all the rain <3
thank for following tell your friends about and
Thanks for the follow Alan and Co!
so NBC would only have what...the biggest loser? Lol...which I stopped watching years ago
Triple X with Icecube>> Triple X with Vin Diesel #
Nobody wants to put this LEGO Millennium Falcon together with me so I guess I'll do it myself!
Fuck anyone who supports the Tampa Bay Rays!!!
I was in town for my home inspection; buying in Summerlin. Currently @ McCarren for flight back to SNA.
This is gon be some real sh*t Im bout to say so LISTEN!! ANY OF U CAN MAKE IT U JUST HAVE 2 CONSTANTLY BETTER UR CRAFT & PROMOTE FEARLESSLY!
Can we get some here at HQ? :)
I buy it for my guitars. And Walmart and albertsons are always out!
“: Your = Belongs to me. You're = You are. Learn the difference before you text me again.” Hahahaha
i love my cat, manny, but i totally agree. CAT PEE IS GROSS. actually, manny just peed on doug's drum bag RIGHT IN FRONT OF US
now it's time for abc 123
The more we make being LGBT everyday normal & people know the names & faces & lives of our families the more they take the leap & support.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
(Aero) Spacetweeps ! RollCall! for #drydensocial (oh god it is early except for you east coast folks)
Senior week at MU...see you on Wells St at 11:30. Tuesday @ Schlitz Park, Wed @ MU, Thursday @ 3rd Ward, Friday @ MU.
Bella Cotton Spandex Fitness Yoga Pant – Black 810 Large
I just had the best dream, a dream that i met mac miller.
Bed. Waken up at 7. Gotta start waken up at decent hours for school.
Today's #fantasybaseball spot start is nick Blackburn, available in 90% of yahoo leagues. For more fantasy help, check the website.
yes I am making more films
A great #existential opening
finally outta the hosiptal & done w/ surgery! now theres only one thing to do. take over the world! lol poppin percs and recording all day!
#FunFact & I were on the same episode of
Candlesticks would be good
Now your just somebody that I use to know
Do the math on medical treatment for your reader. Effectiveness is as important as cost.
I gotta get back to 4 services per sunday
P.S. Sure, Theo said he could write the reporters' stories, but everyone at Wrigley today could write that game's ending.
Had a terrific discussion with some of my 7th graders today about the Sacco and Vanzetti trial! Their observations and questions were great.
Sure shoot me an email at
You irritate me
Jamal Crawford - Portland is awesome! We need you!!
sold me some killer kicks. Thanks my friend.
South Asian fiction,brilliant characters scathing human flaws cultu baggage spanning 3 continents amazon release "Velvet Pavilions" mar 2010
Impossible, Tom's upstairs!
just finiching up designs, should be for sale in about 3 weeks. New Tees, A few Hats and some hoodies. Come out to Massive Sat!!!
Never make your girl feel like she in competition with another girl..
Time to get another
Please pray for me and we were in a wreck were in the emergency room love y'all:( bye bye yellow car
watching behind the music - AKON ;D lol
Oh I know right ;) <3
NOW it's the Grammy's!!! Adele GOT THIS!
Do you know the 10 most common etiquette mistakes? Tune in Saturday night when I join Jordan Rich to discuss that and much more. WBZ 1030AM
Pretty sure my blood has turned to red bull
Me too. I think goals are more tangible than resolutions.
Need to tweet things people care about!! For example, just had a Twix bar!!
Yes. That is Johnny Brennan's Jack Tor...s as Scott in "Family Gay."
what are you jealous ?
Can the MLS become like La Liga or the Premier League already?
It's hard to trust people
lol no not yet bro
World Premier of G-Vo's new music video in 1 hour! Stay tuned!
wow seniors did a nice job with the floor.... not.
thx, Fifty Shades of Grey, now Hustler sent our library subscription deals. we'll pass till they toss in a life-like Gertrude Stein vaheena.
i need a new twitter name
Hey, thanks!
So close to 600 followers, wow :)
not at all, im a Kagawa fan but Hazard was the link to UTD for a while.
is somethn so special...oh boy
Thinking of buying a home without a buyer's agent. Think again! Solid chance you could overpay or even overlook the inspection.
Can I favorite an entire conversation?
show is entertaining but booms is the worst when it comes to any thing sports browns london now down there with lbj not top10
"When this guy smashed me into pieces as a human being?"
At ISTE corporate member breakfast listening to the latest ( & interesting)Speak Up data
I've been trying to put a response together but it's a project, not a blog post. Still trying to make it happen.
no problem. Will check your stuff out!
One hour 'til speaks in the #VCU Commons Theater -- the midpoint of my Week of Geek between & THATCamp
I thought the purpose of ghostwriting was NOT to reveal your identity (?)
just driving back from H-town. Gonna miss the Pachanga.
Hey, tried to shoot you an email, but the address changed? Will be in NYC on Tuesday, and I owe you a long overdue cup of coffee..
Just made it to TX
Glad you could join us!
Join us @ 7p as the "HOG's" own Frank & Tracy both show off their #poker skills in our $65 buy-in HOG Radio tourney!
Great friends are what make my world go 'round. Together we work on healhy living and each other we hound. Now our trim bodies astound!
Time to Slap cancer tonight at the Brickyard for some happy hour!
#lmxuncon12 was the biggest & best one ever! 70 ppl registered from all over NJ, including RU library students. networking!
Ridiculous houses. Heading to sofar sounds with some great international talent
Congrats to #76ers! What a game! What a game !
RT : Is gmail down for anyone else?? YES!!
Some of these shows the new age soap operas just less script & actin...can't be mad I was hooked on All my children soap.
Kind of like the Schwarzenegger-DeVito movie "Twins" but with more hair gel.
Gringrich is at it again! Master of misseducation!
For those at you are too busy to leave the creative environment..call in your orders and we'll deliver, no delivery fee.
I just did! And no one has ever deserved it more.
It's amazing how one person can change your life and always make you happy no matter what:) I love you:)
Made my swimming goal! While sore.
good win tonight ladies. titanic 3d tomorrow then staying at jamis all weekend.
Big East football is mediocre based on Bowl results
I Just Broke Montez Necklace O.O
that's the spirit!
Almost the end of the year and I've completed all goals. Friends with josh, Joshua and garrett again and met an amazing guy, Dustin. :)
strange, I knew you were going to respond in exactly that way! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
Checking out Twitter.
Two more school days to Spring Break!! Can't wait! Looking forward to sleeping in!
Holy F, look at that awesome t-shirt!
good luck!! Miss you!
MFers r just too much for me dese days...
I am multi-lingual. I speak English, redneck, Texan, and a little Spanglish.
"compound marketing = duplication", in a good way “: Don't believe anything they say...about basketball cc: ”
haha bro you look like a cardboard cutout
I.give banging ass advice but for some strange reason I don't pledge what I preach -.- fml
The DOJs #ebook price-fixing case is riveting stuff! Penguin to DOJ - see you in court. It's on!
It's nice to see you embracing social media! When can we be friends on Facebook?
I'm tempted to say that scholarly engagement outside of libs should be required
We're trialing Facebook ads (w/ a drawing) to increase our consumer health Facebook page. Day 1 seems to be off to a good start.
Picked up Mind the Gap #1 by and Higher Earth #1 by today. CANNOT WAIT TO SAVOR!!!
What's the best book you've read so far this year?
Get free leads! Check out our website.
it's been so long since they last did a real deal tour. Guesses on when the next one will be? Ever?
you guys are awesome dancers lol
Micropublishing will play an important role in the future of books and how we perceive our culture, our world, life.
Love that name! So cute! :)
RT : U ready to #SuitUp?! {flash} sale 4/24-eom will help us dress students of w our #PerSuit program!
I like when my friends imitate me. I just die laughing!!
There's an inverse relationship between how much you like a shirt and its suitability for having a wireless mike attached at its collar.
Back to writing about viruses and the people who study them....
Did before but aint nun happen...
Listening to Elliott Smith today and thinking we need to cover one of his songs very soon.
oh morning world (:
Thanks, that's what I thought
are you going to wear a frisbee on your head tomorrow like xtina?!?
Stepmom on abc family
think Inglesias and/or Lavarnway should go to PawSox or stay with big club?
If you missed it....BREAKING NEWS: vs JDilla has something very special planned for Feb 15th at Moct! -- honeynoir ()
I know, right?!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Just wanted to confirm your coming to party tonight!?...
PANEL INFO: Online and in the Audience SIS-113 #OnAud Moderator Panel & Sean Kane
game looks awesome
I'm not impressed with the premium deal. $19/mo and only psd related content? I can get everything from for $25/mo.
watch it Parker.
Pinnacle Flight Attendants Gain Chance To Vote For World's Largest Flight ... - MarketWatch (press release)
can't believe the mets are losing to the Pirates- again!
some pills which pills??I bought Halls earlier works @ the moment& seems like the only moment one tends to swallow the most!
that's the slow class doe
RT : Win or go home Boston Celtics at Atlanta Hawks 7026737032 for guestlist to the I will take care of your needs
followed back :)
RT : We're taking applications for freelance literary publicists! Send resume & cover letter to
Thanks Andy!
Get Straight To It
thats an amazing turnout for those who study abroad. I would encourage all those who want to do it.
link did not work for me...just FYI.
My start-up model. Zero budget. 100% Ganas!
Our authors are using the Authors Advantage program. Don't know if that's available in Asia.
Oh yeah, Noceto. My favorite. You remembered!
Any bands looking to play shows in August? Email ! We've got some shows with open spots! :D
lol thanks :P hot? you can only see a quarter of my face in that pic lol and I have makeup smudges under my eyes
tks for the RT - think of you every time i look at our interior door !
Happy Sunday Twitter Fam!
Recommendations for best Mac screen recorder for Mac (vodcasts and machinima)?
The sparcle in your eyes make me smile, again and again <U+2665>
for good?
¤ The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. Ayn Rand
Enjoying father/younger daughter time out 2nite. Buying gift 4 her friend's B-day party 2morrow. Daughters choice 4 dinner- Johnny Rockets
% discount from My Plumber on all services (up to $100) for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists & Family Members Everyday!
After two #homeless nights, I should have a place for tonight and place to go to via bus tomorrow.
“ They Loving the Crew!”
Was it hot in San Diego today or what? Good thing we offer complementary ice cold sweet tea for our Coopsters EVERY day!
sometimes people call the element a truck which makes me blind with rage, the only plan i ever make is to have good times, and no
The most important adage and the only proverb is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes first.
Day 3 of employee appreciation week: School Spirit Day. Getting lots of love for and 's jersey
Welcome to SlashGenre a site that will give you our take on different areas, from tech to politics, movies, TV, and other areas.
DJ'd for three nights in a row! I love MusiC! Please consider hiring me for your next event!! www.mattriley.net =)
"Happy First Day of Spring" Colorado! Grab a Premium Roast Coffee and an Egg McMuffin for breakfast and enjoy your day : )
Relax. I was kidding kiddo
;) i knew you would :D
Michael from Dallas just got his twitter up and is ready to start tweeting. He wants 1,000 followers. Thanks
the tv i bought from you the dvd player actually works got a good deal on a combo
People of the world: thx 4 following me on pinterest. I havent had time to pin yet. This is stressing me out. Please be patient.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. - Emile Zola
I'm fairly certain I can feel myself getting ulcers from all the caffeine I've ingested in the past 24 hours.
missed you last night, Mr. Remy!
might go to aloe today .
Merck Worth $41 on Solid Growth, Cost Controls
Spot trending now in Burbank, CA: BJ's Restaurant And Brewhouse - Brewery / Microbrewery (live updates)
Who wants to chat ? Anyone ?
Lets Go Sox!!!
just woke up from a solid 3 hour power nap
Texas "Hold Me" Poker is on. Next up...The Spot's Dating Game. Happy V-Day & Singles Awareness Day from The Spot.
The Carter's baby. Spinoffs fall back and know your place.
I want to see a boy sing&play True by Ryan Cabrera.
Man I gotta get start DMing.
lol i showed my actual big sis n my cuzin n they were like u look so pretty! Im like its not me!
free.. Gas is high!! Niggas be on that how many miles to the gallon.. N let's be real its a sponsor lmao
Kmart is the greatest store ever and I’ll punch you in the face if you say otherwise.
#BanzaiLoveYou Went Banzai for the first time yesterday. I am SO in love!
Not at all. And what's YW?
:( ughh You should've took me!
The Colts hired Jim Tressel. Guess this is a good hire except if he sees anything wrong, he wont tell anyone for 9 months
I'm tired.
The worst thing is the partly decomposed cigarette filters after a big rainstorm.
I'm like the best daughter ever.why does my mom need a gift. I'm here everyday.
Students can't support the football team, yet they'll stand in line for three hours for a scrimmage at Allen.
damn africa. You know how to throw a party.
All day ShowTime
Oh look it's still not totally dark out yet, even after class.
People are driving me nuts today. I need a sunny beach vacation. Who wants to join me?
the drive to Kansas would be like a whole day :P
Am I working for free today due to leap year ?!
so sweet thank you :)
“: How did my kids not wake us up until 8AM? A true Christmas miracle!” I had to actually wake up mine!
I cant wait till I get the Saturday Night Extra look of the late evening and its Victoria Secrets new invisible evening wear
I can't believe we have had our antique store open for a year already, wow, time does fly....
Awful Waffle gets the job done every time.
that sucks, I love going to prom, I went to Junior & Senior prom last year, as I am also this year
I'm sticking with my UK bias, but has there ever been a top 4 closer than this? Interchangeable!
Latest bookstore major score: "Radio Free Albemuth" HB Arbor House 1st ed (!!...*but* no DJ)...for a measly 8 bucks!
"The ecstatic love of a young writer for the old writer [s]he will be some day is ambition in its most laudable form."
That guy loved the strikeout so much he had to kiss his gf
I love my bed
Trimming roses..
You'll never know if you don't try. But trust me, it's god! :) RT : anyone use or try taap.it? good, bad, indifferent? thoughts?
People's prejudices can save you a lot of time you'd have wasted expaining yourself.
gah!!!! considering the same. sleep is for suckers.
I fucking love you too.
I just tripped over a midget while at Vanderbilt. That's good luck right?
I've been on youtube for the past hour watching old music videos of the Cheetah Girls...
cool beans !
haha Ikr! It's like,what am I, Jupiter?
Haha, nice! Can iPhone and android people follow each other?
RT : The classroom only does so much. Museums play a crucial teaching role for all ages!
Moving forward with or without
Haha. It don't make it any better that his lyricism is TERRIBLE too.lol. Where you been at doe bruh?
Hey! It's a cross between excavating a mine field and entering a year-end weight loss program! Fun!
I wanted to record it Damn I can't believe I missed it! I just caught the end :(
You were amazing on ABDC (:
Paul Gaston #gened12, mocking epidemiological approach to ed: Exposure to ideas (chicken pox) may result in improved mind (immune system)
I want to! I attemped the other but it looks turrible
2 more missions to complete
Brent Spiner came to our booth while I was gone. Gr.
that doesn't mean all UK fans are like that though. I'm not singling you out, you all do it.
HAPPY NEW YEAR MY DEAR FRIENDS!!! :) A NEW YEAR TOGETHER!!! :::::)
did you win?
Mr.Postman is very sorry about his actions and he wants a fresh start and turning over a new leaf.
Soft shell crab tonight #MelvinUdall would be ecstatic!
Off to the Seattle area. 3 classes today!
This pretty much sums it up lol...although, the music was rather epic-sounding RT Dumbest movie ever created.
i was really hoping dark chocolate Snickers would be better. sad face.
I wouldn't be sad if you brought me a milkshake.
U.S.Cyber Command at Fort Meade Alliance event says initial staffing of command is underway.
I might get a massage for Christmas!!! And possibly a facial! Oh man I'm excited! :)
I love the racing presidents at the Nats game but it somehow feels offensive to the founders of this great nation...
thanks! She is. I just want to be home already. Today is not a good day to correct a missed connect to Boston.
its true needs to realize who he is and accept it is helping him with that
Didn't even think about that. If I get carded next time I buy spices, I'm causing a scene in the store. -JO
You are what you think
Pretty convinced that goldfish is the best snack ever.
got the solar as a gift, but has them.
As long as it's laterally compliant and vertically stiff (or is it the other way around), then it's worth it!
#onewordthatdescribesme nice c;
I bet u could pull it off
hahaha. you know me all too well, Gugs.
Today's been a good day now it's time to go to bed goodnight family
thank you!
When you're dad is in the truck.....then realizes he forgot his wallet... Really dad? you might need that
did you tell her no fucking was in hell?
Finally set up the e-mail list everyone's been asking for! Subscribe to my e-lists for teachers/scout leaders or the general public!...
OK Guys I'm signing off, I've gotta go! If I didn't answer your questions hit me up later or keep watching my videos. TTY tomorrow!!!!
Thank you for the inclusion!
Good Morning! No snow yet, still waiting. Rained all night! :) It's cold and wet this morning...good day to stay in with a fire and work!
Stop tweeting dumb shit
I was thinking (very) fresh fish.
Baby your my "it boy" (:
I don't know, do you think it's the same show both nights?
#MensReproductiveRights on abortion...... you don't have any it's not your body.
Lets go to West Virginia for spring break!
plz follow me!!im a true mahomie
5 posts was put on my facebook profile pg directing to pornographic sites Don't know who put them & don't see how to delete. Suggestions pls
What are you covering in Mexico City and are you still there?
Alright guys, we will be posting a new video each week...so the here is the first! Rehearsing the acoustic version of our song "Beautiful"
yes we sure do!
Yea unfollowed me too. Unfollower is the shit. It shows u immediately so u can unfollow back.
best photographer in the game!
How are you liking Mad Men?
Oh boy I suck, TM103 is trending and I thought it had to do with pokemon....
Are you ready I'm almost with you!
I would say it's hard not to have similar looking ideas, because after 80 years, everything has been used
Never snap the tempo at your accompanist. Tap your leg lightly.
High point today: won indoor league so receiving free t-shirt. bonus.
**bounces happily on balance ball**
you must be on crack
"Why is Anne Kneeland Haggerty omitted from #Glory? Shaw's letters to her show different feelings about men.
Played Shadow Ridge in Palm Desert yesterday. Fantastic course
So much to love in my hometown...and so much to run screaming from! ha! Yes, I am in Boulder.
Sadly, yes!
hahhahah..thanks...likewise!
y? He's a huge liability in the D
O she's a beaut! I can't wait for my first big ride.
yeah you do! It's just shameful at this point. :)
So pick me, choose me, love me. Ugh merideth grey your kill me!!!!!
When I have children I'm naming one of them Finn. I love
187 more miles to my own bed!
You will get the hang of it. :)
Patience is not the ability to wait, but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting.
I love Mitch Albom's books! That Hana, she has great taste! Mitch is quite a philanthropist as well!
Thanks for the RT, we love the bags!
it's not your fault he's a jerk
My pupils are dilated. What a bizarre feeling. I honestly can't tell if I am typing correctly because I can't see.
Legal tip: in any lawsuit involving property do not forget to include the legal description in any paperwork that goes to the court
Thank you for speaking out.
this kids funny ...Pissah
and ill never 4get when we tried to wash Lady after my mom went to take a nap and said if we woke her up she'd kill us violently
Mad that hasn't followed but its ok can someone help while im away please
lol. please do tell!
Our libs would like to become places for content creation-- as a tech person I always wonder "how do we support that?" :)
Thanks for sharing!
Attendees want both good content and delivery
Good Morning Twitter~ Its a lovely day.
I can't stop listening to Hoodie Allen
RT : There are no hash tags or topics that can accurately define how very sad the passing of the historic MCA is to so many of...
Thank you and back at you (smile)
Winter Storm warning extended to 5AM Saturday. Up to another foot still possible in many areas of the foothills and Denver metro area.
Feeling such admiration for my dear friend
// Now that's good preaching! A good book about that is called Failing Forward by Best wishes, Chekesha!
Something to think about...We are either the sum total of our failures or our successes...or a blended mess!
We are looking for student testimonials to be featured in our annual #NU Library Highlights publication...Why do you love clubsnell?
Email my assistant to be added to our fan meet and greet database. We'll contact you when we'll be in town!
Successful night at indoor soccer although I did manage to injure myself
The one on the middle finger! Nice color!
Don't deny my inner thug -.-
We say you should #FF because he's too nice a guy to actually follow through on his threats.
That works. It's either next week or after 6/13 for me. Good luck with the packing & letting go.
& Tim Thomas exemplify the extremist right wing respect of the of office of POTUS when it's not THEIR party's POTUS.
What's the deal afri you still in that league
“: Mitch Barnhart and Matthew Mitchell holding a presser tomorrow. Guessing he's getting a new contract...!” or he's banging joker
the piratebay is the shit wen u find the program that works hahaa
he told me that those days were gone. now im sittin here lookin crazy.
hit me up we can chat
Saw the president. Best Smart Aleck Staff field trip ever!
you are the best (GO FAT CAKES!)
Amazing day reading for the blind at #LARRS. The team is so amazing!! Catch me Tuesdays on 88.5fm in so-cal :)
mothers day flowers from old town florist!
Thanks for the RT.
OpenGrounds &quot;is not a thing, it&#39;s the way we do things&quot;
This concludes the best weekend ever
When you figure it out please let me know, right now the only show that has me glued to the screen is "Once Upon a Time"
i don't know...
I have that affect on women. I apologize.
Off to the GODORT happy hour at The Roof!
Everywhere I turn I see #Wrestling! Mainly in my mind! I see #BIG things coming up! Been in the making since the day I was born!30 Long Yrs!
Tanner wants to play now that it's bedtime -__-
Happiness is another 2 TB of storage...
Mins, hrs, days, wks or even mths over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened
no problem :) les meto una chinga just tell me who :b lol
man my lifes sound track is all the new songs that Confesson Of A Sinner is writing. Our lives in song, the good and bad.
Craving nutella right now :(
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Clearwater Call NOW......
Miller: provide educational opportunities that would not otherwise be there. That's maximizing the federal investment.
I'm digging it too. Puns suit my style.
I can never stay mad at him ...
ur hair gonna be tangled up like a mutha...
Passed our vehicle smog test today! It was much easier than passing geometry.
Don't forget my quest for a nomination in next year's music awards
How many times will digger get ran over today on FOX? LOL last weekend he got ran over 10 times in the first 5 minutes of the race...
aw we love you !!!
"feed the soul, starve the ego" dj.am
I am down for that!
what did u use to reduce polygons prior to zbrush
There is only one way to accomplish anything and that is to go ahead and do it.
so uh, why hasn't cheer athletics called me yet?
Thanks for the shout out!
Our office uses it () & the business UG program (). Let me know if I can help! (Thanks, ).
O'Shea Dumes on the mound for Carroll. Reagan is throwing Austin Hays.
Better get off twitter for now : #TheVoice Please do not tell me ANYTHING about it because I have 2 DVR it!"
Sometimes u just gotta take a break.
Ditto that! RT : Can't wait for Bacon Fest tomorrow!!! OH BACON!
oh its fine :) just sittin around watching tv and listening to some music. Bday party, fun:)
"I've got BOXES full of Pepe!!!!".
I only know how low you can go
darn it! I was out of town and missed it. Hope it was a big success !!!
I tell ya why ricks different this yr. A little dirty secret got out last yr & as a result his exploits w dirty whores r over
How the heck did Jesus fast for 40 stinking days... In a desert?!
She could probably drink most of the #tweetfleet ers under the table!
up by 23 on Duke with 4.5 minutes left! Come to our next game watch and learn more by following today!
I am presenting a paper next week at #ashe regarding African American engineers and computer scientists interactions with faculty.
HOLY SHIT AMY WINEHOUSE IS DEAD?!??!
Hahah c: I'm on hold.
yes feel free to follow and tell your friends to follow hey nice profile picture :)
So adorable!
thanks for the follow! I'm a big fan, and still watch #TheWire reruns! Congrats on your recent success & collabo w/!
nah, he was straight until every song became a duet with J Lo.
I posted a new query on the Ukraine & JewishGen list-serves. Hearing f/variety of people who have enriched my search so much. Happy weekend!
I wish I was able to make it this year. :-(
Casting immediately! Do you know someone in an unhealthy relationship and needs professional help? Email your story to
Hmph, well that's just rude.
im good.just trying to get things together. One step forward two steps back lol
The aftermath is secondary=D
Feels like ice cream shops are the new coffee shop in Portland. What the scoop opening on Williams soon...
I'll be here waiting for you . <U+2665>
What's your most favorite fashion magazine? Mine is ELLE :) (L'Officiel Homme for men's fashion)
I guess they have reason
No Problem. Does that include as well?
goodnight twitter world. XOXO
RIP #DickClark , "American Bandstand" is a huge reason for the success of the music industry today
good afternoon sunshines
I'm not a bettin man but if I had to bet, id say peyton manning will be a
Please say hi to for me!
Whoa. New Google Analytics UI. I heart GA. So vital. So under-appreciated!
that's what my husband's afraid of
Fridays are neat-o.
I've had hiccups for the last three hours!! I can't take it anymore!
My publisher told me about e-pub, but I never asked how it works. I take it it's Kindle compatible?
Cafe Curtains for Kitchen – Choosing Cafe Curtains Design ...
Man no one tweets me back :(
Wishin I had some vodka with this RedBull... Goodmorning Friday
Everest oxygen blowup take three: word from Ted and Summit
The more I sit in these classes the more I want this year to be over...
Hey Pee Wee, kick ass today. You got it. Thanks.
haven't read it yet but its on my list! I just read Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. It was so-so. Did you read it?
Great article, privacy/liability law drag on online collaboration like building code drag on green
See previous tweet.
WOAH. That would be amazing for Benfica.
god klarisa you are a bad influence
Happy birthday! Wish i were in LA. I'd bring you one of my girlfriends for your bday. You seem to like them haha. Have fun!!
goin 2sleep..night night for me&good day 2you. By the way, got my warped ticket..nbd..just goin2a place I've only been to in my dreams!!! :D
Thanks for the shot-out! Much appreciated! Hope you're having a lovely day. :)
See images from last night's vs game at the Pit. Gallery: tinyurl.com/78xkj37
I know but they're doing a song with her on the acoustic EP kellin tweeted about it today
Great rainy day lunch: leftover risotto with butternut squash and bacon
- I finally changed my twitter handle. no more complaints!
Lorsch - A healthy organization has the ability to minimize both politics and confusion.
"Fuck bitches, get honey." -- thug bee
Your sidebar is not your hall closet. Don't fill it with unnecessary junk! -
Josh Beckett is such a friggin' tool
shut up. Lol
Trapped in baby nap jail in my car.
Parkour. My past, my present, my future?
Whole ? of dig tenure/promotion metrics cld be helped if we just wiped out paper journals.When is the last time you read one?
Super bumbed that the air show got rained out, stuipd rain!
I am going to try and sleep. We'll see how this goes. I give it a slim chance of success.
Running on 4hrs of sleep.
#dailyquestion I apologize for not being a phone person...rather would txt! =P
Thank for following. We hope to get them to Chi-Town. Tell your followers from Chicago to follow us.
Game 2 of the #MISLChampionship is headed to OT. Both teams tied at 10
God damn durant
she said it was a mistake
you coming out this weekend Ms.Durant
TV is the devil.
I'm so happy. My steak was just fantastic. I'm really a NY strip guy. Or a porterhouse of course. Ribeye is good, but just not my thing.
Fantastic episode tonight. So bummed I have to wait for next season!
Me too. I stop playing for 16 years. Started the Chapman Stick 5 years ago. I've made progress, but it's slow and steady.
SPECIAL RATE! Come in or call 7322719030, king beds 69.99. Pool, whirlpool, fitness center, HD TVs, free wifi, free coffee/tea service
Dear Austin's future wife, love our boy just as how much we love him or else... Wait, why am I talking to myself?
Going to plan a couchsurfer meeting in Santiago.
not sure yet. Stay tuned for details tomorrow morning
In the mood for some food
extent used , frequency used and how succesful was the training J. Phillips
please follow me zayn <3 u are sweet :) iihhihihihi
you call me that one more time ima block you :P
WAT$ GOOD TWITTER WORLD HOLLA AT YA BOY UM DOING ME
Just landed #Union Station. Window opens at 11:25. Its Ficelle time!!
Richard Heasley, director of San Francisco's Conard House, will present a teleconference tomorrow sponsored by the National Association of …
I love it when it's bright and sunny one minute and pouring down rain the next and then goes back to sunny. Yay for Florida!
I'm 2009 US Women's Grand Champion 1st degree. I'm listed on the kuk sool website
Here we go folks! We're open now for Breakfast, Corned Beef all Day, WP Pub Crawl at 11 and DON"T MISS DEL MAR tonight at 9! Gidddyuuup. JC
I wants some bacon for some reason lol
my mom swears you care about my room being messy
Out here tryin to kill
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 27
woah, autosigning? Scary in some envs ... I prefer to pre-generate certs and push them via installer mechanisms.
I hate this schedule.
": was the first to say Happy Birthday ! I Love You Guuurlie <3" Woot, Woot! (: Now Its Time For Me To Go Night, Night
"NABJ_INDY: See everyone today at the.communications event at 6pm with the comm club"
U.S. jobless claims last week fell by 1,000 to 367,000, a 1-month low. 4-week moving average declined to 379,000 from 384,250 prior week.
I want nothing to do with you anymore.
Doesn't sound like good news for the family story. Is she a skilled genealogist? Would love to read this in a journal.
#np 'Give me all your luvin' Madonna f/ Nicki Minaj and M.I.A.
You know that's what they like!
boy do I love grunge.
Although today is #Easter, it must feel like Christmas for Jim Nantz announcing the final round of the #Masters on
lol..for real
I have so many bruises and cuts i look like im abused...
I figured as much :) NCAA basketball
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
“: totally could of won tht donut eating contest today #pickme next time haaha” I would've CRIED if you got picked
Excited about #kickoff12 global sales mtg this wk. In technical session on #edge #data protection & access architecture
“: Follow <U+2192> for a follow back from me. RT when ur done.”
Charles/Hillis/Bowe/Baldwin/Moeaki/Boss/Winston, active D, great football city, AFC West for grabs. had 18 going, will be wrong I guess.
Not sure I understand the meat illustration on that last slide
“: I get to see and tomorrow!! #longlostbestfriends” best tweet Eva!
nice.... Yea I use to live in BK before moving to LA..... That's what's up
We couldn't think of a better gift! Wishing everyone a wonder-fuller life with your new Fatboy® family member!
If you're a little bit south head to Pub for "Buy a Pizza, get a Free Pint night!" 3807 S Packard, St Francis.
how's it going sweetie?
Holler at me if you want to lose weight before the holidays. I've got a special for the first 10 people to send me a message!
It's a dangerous thing to take on someone else's offense. Christlike love demands reconciliation, that's the ministry we've been given.
"Baby look at me and tell me what you see"
Native of Yugoslavia, lover of , & backpacking, the 2012 L&C Teacher of the Year is...[Any guesses??]
If anyone knows how to prevent this spam in the future, please let me know
Is MIA again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Wow I thought I would be the only one up at this time on Saturday. Guess these drug dealers need to start early .. Times are hard!
Thank you :) “: happy mothers day ma'am :)”
Tonight we play Dan McGuinness with Panfish. Free show starts at 9p. We go on at 10!
Miss you <3
Even the Minnesota defender was shocked that he drew a charge after jumping into the shooter.
POLL --> What is your family's favorite picnic spot this time of year?
I Look Like Straight Felicia Off Friday.
Watchng Deacons for Defense. Never march to a gun fight
Be sure to catch me doing Iowa analysis on CBC One's The Current show at 7:30am Monday morning….'cause I'm HUGE in Canada
. maintenance staff for 6K acres of #Baltimore #parks has dropped from 500 to 50 over the last 20 (?) years.
Rehearsal for the show today was great make sure you come out to the Haven on Tuesday
RT : "I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
I'll be leaving my 'new job' for my old job haha :)
No! Its not time yet! RT : RT : Per the Idaho Stampede, is retiring
Prez Obama sounds like a Scared Baby when he Faces Gop and the Racist Republican Teabagger Party No Leadership!
Wejust orderedsome t-shirts from ! Hopefully they are in time for our show next weekend!!!
Dimitri Flowers leads off with a double for Churchill.
Thanks for coming out last night and supporting the team!!
Congratulations to B on getting the March of Dimes grant. What will he be working on with the funding?
This Saturday in Anaheim, 5 p.m. :) #AmplifyYourSoul RT : How did the event go? :)
RT : Let's give our children what God gives us: clear teaching, appropriate correction, and abundant forgiveness.
": I'm good sweets how you feeling?"feeling? Was I sick?
Craft just got thrown to the ground a.d the ref watched
Are you normally that much of a stickler for punctuality?
crazy party!
Finding some "flags" for the game tonight then off to the park!
Drinking Pepsi Wild Cherry. Yummy.
Ripped my shirt today I'm annoyed. Cute cute
Fuuucccckkkkk these last two weeks.
I don't know why everyone says high school is soo awesome...it's not
now only if the partner cafe was iPad optimized... I need a laptop or desktop to access it.
Cubs win gift wrapped courtesy of Tito Francona
Finally have a laptop with a wide enough monitor to see the LA Times' sidebar ads. Barf.
Don't you fucking touch Zajac.
So many projects before finals!!!! WHY?!?!?!?!
I think the 3 managers I've emailed about interviewing their band are playing Rock, Paper, Scissors to see who has to email me back.
Just returned from the beautiful Rocky Mountains; great trip! Family time, great views and hiking!
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '<U+2665>'They Wanna Change That
So he has a child :-/ i think thats enough to call it quits
Whoa , you gave ipage a facelift! It looks great - congrats!
going back to bed I'm not reverting to this
Im really scared of this movie!
#Bulls stagnant on offense. Guys standing around, waiting for 8 seconds on the clock then pick/roll.
1758 N. Sedgewick in Old Town ;)
that awkward moment when you realize he IS your ex-boyfriend! (and he's suddenly "realized" he's str8!?)
Profit in business comes from repeat customers; customers that boast about your product & service & bring friends w/them. W. Edwards Deming
Lmfao. I love seeing roc at M&G his to funny,
Thank goodness we now mean something different by both "slide" and "projector." Those things were apparently bad.
Great... I am now getting Pinterest spam...
Zero Thought should be the new name of a peaceful yoga retreat weekend led by Nicki Minaj.
be in lake norman on 15th and myrtle beach 17th-20th..so ill def. play tell me how much to send you and when i can draft on-line
You are beautiful cuz.
And join us next week after the Work Truck Show in Indianapolis for great food and cold beer.
Join us to watch MSU take on the Badgers :35pm today!
Got my warped tour ticket over the weekend sweet jesus i'm gonna stalk atl so hard what
I completely agree.
thx! Love that word #superb. Haven't heard it since my dad was in town 2 yrs ago!
ok I'm going .. :/ weird I go to sleep normally around 12:30 and it's only 10:20 xD
tomorrow is our #followversary #excitement <3333333333
Sunday is the cruelest of days.....
These old ppl are too turnt up rite now. It's 9am sit dat old ass down!
Just bid on M.M. Serra. Tea party decadence. Fingers crossed. #filmmakers coop
good luck to everyone running the half marathon tomorrow. you should have plenty of time to finish and get to 930 or 11:15
One of my clients look at me and said "wow you r beautiful"... Oh thanks bt u still hve to take ur meds so open up...lmao
I totally forgot that I signed up for a cookie baking class tomorrow! There will be pics, try not to drool on your screen.
we love you Rudy! You'll get them next time
#lastagetalks Review vs criticism. Very interesting responses.
I now request that I be laid to rest in rosheruns.
Walker wishes Rep Grigsby D-Milwaukee well in her cancer fight
Heading to Lithuanian festival and then hopefully wine in the woods
During this holiday weekend, support your Chicago small businesses by buying your sasquatch slippers locally!
waitt were you that boy that was at fly life part 2 with me jazmine and this tall ass boy??
Is it possible to look sinister while pushing a shopping cart in a grocery store?
I love the movie The Blind Side I remember when it came out and I went to see it as a class trip I was crying at the end It was just amazing
Current weather in Walt Disney World: 68F: Sunny Wind: SE at 7mph Humidity: 93% High: 92 Low: 69
The only thing standing in the way of submitting my thesis is some page numbering issues. Anyone a whiz in Open Office?
Thank you :)
Would be amazing i you notice me :)
Today I left a bandaid on my leg while I spent three hours directly in the sun #bigmistake #awkwardtan good thing I have time to tan over :/
it's never too late to start! the hp ebooks are coming...
love youu more
ha! know that's a good way to start the day, thank you!
Fenty: hard to get to technology improvement in schools when there are health & safety concerns (heating, immunizations,etc.)
I do use that, but it was the night before final projects due. Keeping it basic.
You will know there will be Nikita in less than 24 hours and feel GREAT right away :D
Hi there, Magdalena Solé here John Bennette's friend. I am a total novice to Twitter. Would you mind following me?
milk and cookies at the office
Differentiate yourself from your competition by offering outstanding customer service.
Allies of the BLVD benefit concert tonight at Revolutionaries Cafe in McKees Rocks. Doors open at 7:30.
is there a place to reach you where explanation can be more than 140 Characters?
I always love 's landing page images, but today's is particularly tantalizing.
Also on Friday, bits from the show, special new bits LIVE and there w a giveaway. Show starts at 9. Check FB for details
JAY-Ism #6. "Losing Everything, Just means that you have that much more to gain."
Organic mini facial at $45 and regular Organic facial now available for only $75:) Call us now for appointments and bookings:)
trust my delusions more than you
tacos? im so stoked for tacos and gummi bears
What about Damon and Elena . . . Hello?
hey cuzin how u doing
agreed. I expected better fm them.
Found my phone :D
my mixtape went from chicago to atlanta an rick ross's producer has my tape so he sent me hella beats to listen
I want these dreams of you to stop.
Quicken Rental Property Manager 2012 [Download]
s ~Vince Lombardi "There is only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything."
joke for Gods sake!! Hahahaha!!
lolololol when you don't text me about the suicidal drama queen I feel left out
Omega 3 Fatty AcidsFish Oil Benefits Dosage and Precautions - omega 3 fish oil
Problems cannot be resolved all at once. Slowly untie the knots. Divide to conquer.
i just wanted u to know that u inspire me soo much and im so proud of u:) i listen to UA day and night!
"... if you can't hit the ones ye love then who can ye? that's what them drums is for" - Keith Moon
Sit TF Down
is that your crew of flunkies?
So were Lea Michelle's since she cries every freakin time she sings a ballad...
looking for a CREDIT ANALYST candidate in Sarasota $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Happy birthday! May the celebration continue all year.
i am not Jesus, do not want 2b Jesus, people like him get killed by idiot stupid hog ass licking governors, police, christians, fools, liars
The secret is ours, then.
Great first day at fsop. Kudos to dfab and PC for innovation session. Db did a fantastic job in the csat session
I just hit the like button on your review of the Kindle Reader because I bought one not too long ago, and felt the same.
it will always be funny when my uncle talks about women he's been with.
How come that show Dinosaurs never popped up on Netflix. Who owns the rights to that shit anyhow?
When My Frewds On Fb Do Dee Tbr Or Tbh They Always Say Im Anti.,!
Credit, **Shameless plug**
Welcome to my newest member of the twitter fam !!!
Thanks for the shoutout we look forward to seeing you at #EDC!!
« I dnt sugar coat shyt for no body period»
Q8 How important is it to find a on-campus support group?
Itz funny when some drama goes on outside of my life & I don't care about it, then it gets resolved & ppl come up to me: "No one is mad ...
Agreed! I really didn't see it coming.
Any recs on a yummy bubbly specialty cocktail to serve at my wedding (in nearly two weeks. ah!)???
god I'm so sick of people...
What is the cost of educational predictability?
and it makes your insides shine as brightly as your outsides. :)
love those guys, can't wait!
#FavoriteNBAMoments #Tayshaun Prince's Block heard round the world !!!!!! During the Finals on Miller... Now that's Heart
Saw another teacher tell his students to avoid Wikipedia, but the World Socialist Website the kid went to instead is better?
haha... had a Dick's burger lately?
Butting in just to agree with this. We love you, Amro!
I may be jumping into this whole Muslim controversy a little late, but really? He's going to call himself Kareem Abdul Jabbar?
There's a few of us intelligent folk out here that can certainly understand how it feels. It's the fanatics u r addressing.
there is a continuous tracking mode, but I believe it works as "well" as can be expected! (not very!)
I thought we were never going to leave the room
about to board a plane home! The boys aren't performing well because they miss me so much.
Going to sleep.... my boys
HEY BB KING CLUB!!!! YOU NEED THE DONNA LYNNE BAND IN YOUR CLUB!!! TAKE A PEEK www.donnalynne.com
and purchase your copy on Kindle I will have a second book ( A Darker Side of Things) available in the next couple weeks, and If you would
Going to The Happiest Place on Earth tomorrow
RT : How often do you wear black? Brighten up your wardrobe! A little color can brighten up your style.
Sitting in front of and at #NCRX. I feel like my life is being commentated for me.
Getting screwed already.
it'll be alright #BlackMamba didn't mean any harm by it! Lol
Thanks for the shout-out, Dan. Just trying to keep up with you college kids.
Thanks for the support . Are you attending #innotechaustin tomorrow?
thanks for all the RT love, but I'd much rather have my way with you after a couple shots of Ciroc. BTW nice Images.
With the one price #Jesus paid on the cross, we got forgiveness of sins, peace for our mind&spirit, and healing for our body.
what time zone are you in?
It's official, we've beaten last year's attendance - and we've still got 5 weeks left in this fiscal year - hooray! Bring on the visitors!!
Sometimes stupidity can really bite you in the ass
unfortunately, we can only afford to send contrib. copies to authors whose works appear in the printed edition. Yours is online.
Up in Humboldt with my girl. sad I'm gonna be missing the #J18 #J20 and all the other direct action things planned in DC. there in spirit!
You don't know how hard we've tried to find a male identifying lady bug to fellate... Or how many cats we've fed to ATMs, either
This just in the team over in Lexington is pretty good too !!!!! Might take a look see while you are in the Bluegrass.
Win tickets to our midnight showing of The Hunger Games friday at Baxter 8 Theater with the Interactive 8 at 8!
#FF awesome bands to follow
" I"ll give my life for this. People don't go to jail for soundbites my brother."
So my teacher who always yells at me fell down the steps and broke her arm..
MAKE KONY FAMOUS!
Oh, and to be clear, "cool" is still cool, just "kewl" made me feel old this time.
Will vikings miss getting their pick in, and get leapfrogged by another team? That's -my- question.
Scarcity is a lie that we have all been led to believe.
your welcome(:
Remember to check-in with Fife Flowers and Gifts and receive your FREE rose!
On our way to Hampton Beach for the day. Tidepooling!
the only thing that upsets me about leaving is that i miss services this week
DM's only! A = I want you B = I wanna have sex C = I like you but i'm shy D = Your sexy E = I love you F = Your cute””
So why did Dr. Hansen decide to dye Hansen's tail blue before Blue Grass Stakes? "I'm a little different" Hansen tells
Ok that was gross. I had to throw it outside. I am not a bug person anymore like i was when i was a kid. Good thing my daughter wasnt at ...
Move was successful - now i just need internet and TV set up.
Courage is being strong enough to ask for help and humble enough to accept it.
can you text me
send me pictures!
TY for the mention Peter!
Lovely - john west <3
"you unlocked that badge too?!"
Visit our hotel and check-in on Foursquare for a special treat in the Polo Lounge!!
You know you have the best friend ever when she goes to your dance show and had to miss work <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Tomorrow (Wed.) night the Echo Beach Jazz Quartet @ Cato's, Oakland. 6 to 9. No cover, full menu, in-depth draft beer list. www.mrcato.com
IVY: Add your opinion to French's Zotero group, "Perils of Openness".
It's official our first studio album will be self-titled. It comes out May 1!
I want the words ”forever & always” in curvise on my upper forearm, and idk where I want the ”do us apart” at :o
The Prudential Center, home of the Nets,is set to host Whitney's funeral.Apparently they're really good at dealing with losses.
Score on this PP and start putting this series away
Hey #Cbus friends, what are some of your favorite venues in Columbus for live or local music?
Thanks for the martini, ! I will pay you back in books tomorrow. (Plus it was fantastic to meet you.)
sup ma
I'm aiming for an awesome day. Really.
A company did it for me when I had my page set up. Glad you like it and thanks for the follow, too!
Thanks all for your thoughtful responses about the future of the phone, in say 20 years. Passing all that stuff on to the CNN crew.
You are just so damn sexy!!! Miss you on #WWE!!! When are you gonna do another movie?? {{HUGS}}
we will, and 2day im still going 2 wait for u 2 follow me:)
so nervous
Waiting for it ta stop raining so i can perform on the promenade meanwhile ill tweet every insignificant thought like its impt
Same bullshit as usual.
Donovan doing good job pulling Gorgui away from basket
be inspired, easy... STAY inspired, important! :)
Holy crap, JMcGee has got the folks in LA speechless, how long are this man's arms?
Happy my friend finally got the job he deserves. Happier that he didn't have to leave my library to get it.
Gosh there is so much to say! Maybe can tell you some stories. Anything in particular you want to know?
So all those damn Canadian fans can leave those Tennesseeans alone. They love hockey out there, man.
Stinky dumb mayo.
hi -- would love to talk to you. give a direct message or a smoke signal when u can....
give them pitons, flasks of oil, 50 feet of rope, and a 10 foot pole then let them be creative.
Yeah we came in #4. I can remember when anything but #1 was considered shamefull.
are you watching the game tonight?
that's great. I'm going to check out Does that make sense for small businesses?
thanks for the expert advice sweet pal. I shall turn to Bierhuis.
Item available for auction at our fundraiser March 3: a baseball autographed by Charlie Manuel, Kyle Kendrick, Jimmy Rollins and Cole Hamels
Promoters that promote with out sells facts are WACK!
Judge confirms that prison doctors started forcing Loughner to take psych. meds. on June 2, eight days ago.
If we change the way we view the world there is nothing that we cannot accomplish~Stedman Graham
Inspiration comes from unusual places.
and i wish yall lived in the atl... we coulda been chillin... and maken songs..
Woohoo! This #Flyers #Penguins game is off the hook!! Love #nhlplayoffs. Go #RedWings !!
Waiting for ESM to begin her "Okay, I Got the Neighbors! Now What Do I Do With Them?" presentation. Room's pretty full already.
When is Mario Batali coming to Pittsburgh? Too cool!
Very deserving win for Sporting KC!!
The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Goodnight. I'm really tired & weak-.- blehhh
that's pretty much what I expected. Real leaders lead by example not rhetoric and asking others to sacrifice first.
Movies with my buds.
here we go #Basketball Wives LA
The reason Courtney didn't get a 1 on 1 date is b/c U don't need her to jump out of a helicopter to get her top off.
Crap Reply all error
Imagine a shale deposit that is 400 million years old. it's a gold rush in Pennsylvania
lol well i love u too. :)
Someone needs to explain to me how he managed to get a job as broadcaster...
“: #whywouldyoucheatif your girl looked like ? #youwouldnt”
Gah! So much context!
I agree, he had me with that commercial when he was sucking a lollipop ; )
I bet by just smelling the air you can get drunk.
Looking for venue for 100 people for 4 hour workshop in NYC, pref. Manhttn. Suggestions? Email
45 min sniffing candles is kinda a waste of time
Woke up eyes burnin mind on a mission
Other platforms aren't so rich on chatting so can use whiteboard to elicit feedback in writing but speaking is another option
LETS GO
Thanks for the birthday wishes guys :)
Dinner at Late Harvest Kitchen = wow. The pasta had a morel surprise!
An awesome friend just announced she is moving out of state. Such is life. I'm kinda sad. But I knew it was going to happen.
I have the keen ability to eff everything up
Am i the only one excited about the new winnie the poo movie!!!! haha
Things look great for #TeamBlackBerry. New apps are added daily for the #PlayBook in App World. It's hard to keep up.
NVHomes Announces Grand Opening of Deep Creek Village in Annapolis, New Luxury Grand Townhomes from the $340&#39;s and ...
#InTheSummer I'm always annoyed with the heat, at work 24/7, at my worst.
only in the midwest
Happy to oblige w/ real feedback. I can't exactly say what the missing thing was. I just didn't get that "ah ha!" moment.
Let me settle 500vsDerby debate. # of true horse people = # of true car people. The other 500k combined there to party.
Oh, I can relate! I have a (almost) 16-month old little girl. All the best.
Im not :) just thinkin too hard
Sounds good! It's a plan!
I Pray For you
There should be a vision and message behind every piece of content on your website or blog.
Potential Affiliates... 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin & Hair Care Products. No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients. beautysnatural.com
sometimes someone does it to me or I do it to someone it's an accident
Did oyu know that Thomas J. Martin patented a fire extinguisher in 1872? If you have any Black History Month facts mention us!
Could it b that P is too busy killing the masses & has no time 4 the opponents ? There time will come as well ;)
you bet! Can't wait to start getting #Video on the site!
S. W. A. G. - Saved With Amazing Grace
RT : Fuck love? No, fuck the person who made you think like that
Rihanna Shows Off Her New “Thug Life” Tattoo [PHOTOS] -
#YouKnowDamnWell I'm ready for VEGAS this summer... but the question is.... are you ready?
Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; And all good things are yours.
It's like Christmas, watching open up his new camera and everything that goes with it. He's even still in his jammies.
Your native tongue!
If you're gonna be a bear... Be a Grizzly.
Lol - about time though - I haven't been impressed so far.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered
Ugh...one thing I don't miss about working at Water & Wisconsin! He's got to be 2nd generation right? Or like 90! Lol:-)
was bigger and BETTER than last year!!! Great job. Yes. I was the one wearing a Bacon dress.
I'm not entirely sure about this, but I think using bit.ly will result in shorter links than the default reduction.
At library listening to dad help his 3rd grader. He is basically making him feel like shit. No patience. No positive feedback.
,i am neither i am known as jc
Melissa = nice. Erie? Sounds vaguely familiar. I think I was there once before.
Looking for someone for #wedding hair/makeup,Suggestions?
Dude, my mom saw Michael Jackson's dad!!
#ezzo Good moral distancing, maybe do at opening. More "my project is…" An ethical project, as well as historical.
preach it! i mean....speak it! We are NEVER bailing you out again!
Which camera do I want to use, film or digi??? Hrmm.
Have a great day
My cousin bought me some food
Glad to hear the interview went well. Good luck!
Good evening-how is the kitty tonight?
Anytime. Keep up the good work.
Why is a dog getting mail? It's not a joke! We'll have the answer coming up this morning on the CBS 58 Morning News.
Fun Factoid: It has been scientifically proven that stroking a cat can lower one's blood pressure!
I believe it is owned by which shows why Buffet sides w/ ! gets his pay off!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE? (:
It's about to get real. Go Bucks!!!!
im going al natural wit my hair tomorrow.
Playing some Batman Arkham City. I LOVE THIS GAME!
Oh. I was just going to say it'll be a short work week this week. yea.
haha only for a little. ;)
haha i just love favoring like everything you say Mark! embrace it!
Great work everyone on the #core blasting circuit this Saturday. See you tomorrow at 6pm.
Go Ty...it's your birthday... (singing) Happy Birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! "Aww... you remembered my birthday" "No , facebook told me"
Apparently anyone walking down the hallway at my apartment can hear word for word what I sing in the shower.
idk lets find out(;
Search out a few art directors who do work similar to your photographic style and send your best promotional materials their way
hahaha we're so funny
Sunny and eighty today ;) god I love it here
Just turned in 2 of my finals. Not exactly A quality but good enough to get me at least a solid B in both classes. Last project this Friday!
Girls bitch to much. Damn
Kickstarter is the new Pre-Order
lol you stupid man!
and it was nice seeing you as well! Congrats to
RT : I'm smiling like a fucking retard
BD house caught on fire, wasn't able to save nothing
Having a tea party with this summer. With huge dresses, hats and fake British accents. This will happen.
Do you have anymore screenings to 5 year engagement?
Lady Rose is a DIVA!!!! Love her!
Guess I won't be going to North Carolina anytime soon.
when can we expect you in all in chicago ?
At work today: caramel, white chocolate, pecan brownies. Also the President of Mexico.
remember behind the brand we are still people
- the cake mix I just decided to eat>>>>> uggh my stomache !
yep, too far, alas.
If I wear a mask I can fool the world But I cannot fool my heart
Power will always be held by those who have the ability to make things happen.
Breakfast and college football? Yes please! We are open and we've got BOTH.
thanks Mark! Good summary of Dave's speech conference yesterday.
“All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother” Abraham Lincoln
thanks! Mandatory four cups of wine is ok by me.
that was a wrap thank goodness. I was ready for the night to be over.
Audition today (in like 15 mins) for a Home Depot commercial.
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone...
Incorporating weights into lunges is a great way to maximize your workout, since it works your upper and lower body simultaneously.
my horoscope is right on the dot today.
maybe I will ;)
Retail therapy tomorrow ; )
I love this! « We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.»
didn't you say you were getting her a pony? she's my best friend, I'm going to borrow her pony.
I may not listen but I hear you loud and clear
I bet that , and I are the only 1s who got that obscure #chess reference
“: Anybody else up?”<-- Yes sir! Good morning.
lol hey atleast garlic water keeps the hater away, damm blood sucka.s
What fun!! Enjoy my dear.
Today, my hair looks lighter than usual???
RT : People are scared of change.
Ha! You'd have to actually read it 1st. RT: You haven't lived until you've violated the iTunes user agreement.
CA Asmbr : we need AB 2242 b/c willful defiance is 'too easy to abuse'
we agree on something.......scary...lol. Hey, wait a minute! Throw him back(literally) to Seattle. Just because.......
#inmiddleschool I was fat, with no ass. double no-no.
o lol I think her mentions have been getting spammed lately
I'M ON MY I DON'T GIVE A FUCK MOOD CHANGE FOR NO ONE
Haha, I'm ALWAYS hungry! But yeah, burgers are good. What's your favorite food or snack?
Elizabeth Blackwell was turned down by 29 med schools yet went on to graduate top of class and becom the first licensed woman doctor in U.S.
Although I suppose they do the pink bats for breast cancer, don't they.....so you're right.
As long as you're confident enough not to fall.
<U+0093>What<U+0092>s money<U+0094> A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.<U+0094> - Bill Cos
Gonna be up all nightt -.-
This aint no Funeral folks....its a HOME GOING CELEBRATION!!!
Haha that is fact, but no one knows better than the Flyers that it isn't over til it's over!
WISH SOMEDAY YOU WILL NOTICE ME<3 :')
discovered this wkend & devoured his book #crushit,a super MUST read.couldn't put it down...CRUSH your dreams, live your passion.
Some days my job has definite perks: risotto, fried polenta, steak, and egg sandwiches for breakfast today.
I love you too.
Fucking spawn of Satan
I had a fun Photo shoot today with Paul Stevens, I was covered in vaseline for a sports shot
#Gifboom is my new obsession....follow me..Deven0809
It was always Tim Tebow's dream to preach on a subway platform...
At least you have an excuse. I just sit here and bleed followers. Possibly because I cut them with knives.
Let's go
says that I'll easily recognize her. and I say yes, because of the glow that awesomeness bestows.
Change & uncertainty are basic principles in life. What will you do with them on 6/7/12 at #TEDxAdMo?
deadliest catch, without the crabs.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
Can't wait to see the video!
Damn. That song is stuck in my head.
Now she's on a cotton candy platform in the middle of the crowd.
IL session, prep for meeting on implementing ereader checkout, private ref session with faculty, IL session, ref desk
it's so hot out I just wanna go sit in my fridge :(
oh... That... I'll message you.
it was so awks
you don't understand HOW EXCITED I AM for this possibly happening!!!!
As much as I would do anything just to meet you. If you would follow me, it would mean the world to me.
St pats = night of the living irish.
Fantastic operations & monitoring session from & at #DrupalCon, real meat not just vendor suggestions
LOl then I know why you like me. :) RT what can I say.. I have a thing for dorks
yeah.. this is like the first race I've ever watched. Seems pretty intense.
I wanna be your superhero. /=
A bit of content protection work today, then it is on to reverb!
it fucking sucks bro because she doesn't even know me. His dad likes me but not her.
Did you know you can't ship playing cards to Germany unless they are in complete decks and properly wrapped?
Contrast this with the relatively streamlined administrative cost of Medicare which is less than 3 percent.
It happened to me....“: "Once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale." -Unknown”
Durrrrrr uh my butt hole duraheerrrrrr
not long now =) <3 yummy
Watch out there! You're contagious! You've got an attitude- What are people catching from you?
nice cover up ;)
"#MGD + Rold Gold. Pretzels and #beer = amazing." Solid choice. and Salt and Vinegar= awesome combo!
TEam Follow Back or REtweet me
Awe thanks you too! Sorry I am so late!
just saying some peolpe need to STFU its a song Ladies love me is just something fun you can say some peolpe cant shut up and listen
Some people's priorities are so messed up.
ha, just drove past Redcoat Tavern yesterday & thought about that piece. Perfect bloodthirsty environment for Dethlab interview!
Gdm everyone, up early headed to my sister house for the day :-) six hours, finishing getn things for my bday party next wknd
What you doin in the club every weekend & you gotta ol man
Any one in the Tucson area, To Believe In Ghosts is playing @ Skrappy's tonight $5 at the door and you can see my bro's play.
Awesome meeting with the Office of Targeted Business with the City of Detroit this morning! 2011 is going to be REJUVENATING!
Who wants to do my makeup Sunday?????? Don't u all jump at once...lol
Thanks! I will! <3
If you STILL haven't seen the new video, check it out here youtube.com/watch?v=mWi2iC…
Just saw myself on drop dead diva....ya boi looks good on camera!
Sure don't know what I'm going for, but I'm gonna go for it for sure
Omw To Ben Hill
Hello my name is Remik
In dream, 2 black dogs Disembowel one another In deadly silence.
The New Girl. It is fab.
The 8 a.m. service at was void of Easter hats but had rocking music. Holding out for hats at Bethel Memorial.
thanks for following us!
Give us a call! Let us set up your next event. 1-888-682-2287!!!!!
i dont wanna go back to hell but guess i gotta suck it up
to my surrogate twitter Mother Happy Mothers day <U+2764><U+30C4> Love you!
Beer Olympics Shive party tonight.
Thanks for the RT!
THought I would say hello and brighten you day. Hope I did.
Checking out the Oscar winner for Best Documentary, UNDEFEATED !
The Cards have the look of a team that couldn't get a date with anybody named April !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!
Unfortunately, I do not at the current time.
Writing an abstract feels so difficult. I'm on break. I just want to read Game of Thrones. Follow your dreams, Mary. Follow those dreams.
at an irish pub in south korea and "swing swing" by the all-american rejects just played? WHERE AM I.
RT “: Chuck Norris has a Tebow tattoo.”
#breakingnews lady #gaga has a penis bigger than mine.
Albums for Sunday have included Airto-Fingers, Chico Hamilton-Peregrinations, and Joe Farrell- Canned Funk
Most definitely!
Dear please tear ' ACL and tell his mom to get her shit from my house.
#sxswedu peeps, looking for a great spot for coffee in the morning or a beer after the panels? check out , just one block north
In honor of RED Island Repository Institute, we'll tweet some red things in Islandora-based collections!
"you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule. I probably won't follow back. #whaaaaaaa"
two weeks from Friday we will be donee
Did people not expect govt's case to get tough questions? I'm more surprised by media's reactions to the tough questions.
RT : Locations needed (free is possible): classroom, bedroom, restaurant. For
Winter part 2.
to magnify
Are Mastiff puppies always so hungry?
Did you mean to type, "help edit this paper once complete?"
- can't believe you joined...FINALLY!
Listening to media tough guys argue with actual players about what should be acceptable is really entertaining. Shut up.
going to my first Deaf Night Out tonight...I'm a little nervous.
So, my grandmum is having heart surgery tomorrow, please pray?
So... I am having a hard time telling the difference between my dogs farts and our neighbors pot smoke....
just watched the trailer. That looks awesome!
tolbert has stolen that job #chargers RT : Ryan Mathews waits for his turn: *Ryan Mathews waits for his turn
would do a great Batman!!!
Yeah. I guess I just got eyes for the one dude I been married to for 5 years. To me he's the total package.
The new version of Google Analytics is so much slower. Shouldn't it be the opposite?
The boys look great in the mixed kits. Well done
What's on the bottlecaps?
I didn't know people still did that...? RT "Va. Man Arrested In Murder For Hire Plot"
I don't understand how good stores can go out of business while places like Jo-Ann's fabric flourish. Last time I will ever go here again.
My obsession is becoming beautiful!
So far, the citation number of all of my papers is 15.... sigh... when do I get over 100
Hope you all kissed your mothers for us.
So I got out of a ticket today bc as soon as he pulled up I was crying. Only because I'm so tired. And my 45 minute nap didn't help at all<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hello, Thanks for the #follow!
hope you and the rest of your family have a great christmas and a happy new year!
RT Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it. ~Joe Clark
looking for the #supermoon. Too cloudy here?
Congratulations to ! You won trivia and get a $10 #SUBWAY gift card. DM your name and address :) Thanks for playing!
san diego news stations are positively freaking out over the rain. it's just rain, people.
I am so thankful to have such a wonderful mother! I love you to the moon and back mommy!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
email me Ur resume
Time be Flying... But my time dnt go UNNOTICED
Diet Coke is the worst drink ever. Not sure if there is Anythin worse
...proud of you Brandon ;)
that's a great app.
Working all day today with a bad back, and I'm missing most of the Giants game...should be an interesting day!
You tube search young mantra for all yo music needs
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
a man that you haven't texted in about a month !
#replacebandnameswithlesbian five lesbian death punch
Thank you, Kelsey!
It's time to shop at your community farmers market. Visit Scottsville! We are ready with homemade fudge, Virginia Grown Produce & more!
I'm loving the inspirational little intro on the TV broadcast!
I have been told a designer is in the middle of "April Is Poetry Month" and he's not communicating at all. <sigh>
#GoSunDevils #FearTheFork are you ready to do some pushups?
I know that game-- Toejam and Earl;; one of my faves from when I was a kid! haha
How can one little soda water explode SO much?!
LOVE it
Exactly. The personality thing is huge!
I live in Los Angeles and wish we'd get more depressing weather.. too much sunshine!
Considering changing my name because the bachelorette is so crazy
bad weeknd for kitties in our house: two seperate cats two seperate days accidentally shut in rooms without food water litterboxes for hours
nice job with the call today.. and a great way to start off the season
It seems like people r always pissing me off!!
My life is one big awkward moment.
Long day...UUSC, a wake, dinner w/friends and now at Castle Greatskull for a Preterm benefit. Really cool drone music happening now.
At winter formal:D but i cant enter yet-_-
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
On my way to the theaters wit my cousins and friends. Finely gonna watch breaking dawn: part 1. Yeah buddy;)
We want to know, what is your favorite bands at the current moment?
dishes fucking suck
I'm "loving" ur love lesson 1 on 1 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
amazing day with and haha <333333333 and school with WE HATE SCHOOL. ;/
Never been so nervous to wear heels before. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
Don't remind me! Wash Park is calling my name already, waiting another month is unacceptable! RT Snowiest month of the year... ugh!
"Woe to you lawyers! For you have taken away the key of knowledge; you did not enter yourselves, and you hindered those who were entering."
This is Wife that would gladly sleep on the couch if we had one. hubby is a buzz saw
Sarah, you'll love it. Fabulous show, and they came back twice to do 4 more songs!
you are absolutely ridiculous. Can't wait to hear this story when you find out what happened
lol actually no this one happened by chance
Hate when people get to damn paranoid. Calm the fuck dowwnnn!
Working from home today .... Wearing yoga pants to work is so underrated.
imma call you later today lol
Another weekend where everything cool and fun is happening at once in #CLE!
I think Shane should direct the next Justin Bieber video. How great would that be lol
The nicest summer day I've ever had was February in
Students starting to gather on perimeter of roped-off campus Quad as 4:20 pm approaches for #CU420 .
Tonight, our homeowners assoc. organized a group dinner. I'm so blessed to live among incredible neighbors/friends who care for each other.
Here in the southtown!!!!!
A girl shuld be two things classy and fabulous.
My EP Is Gonna Be HOT
Ok, so this is my first Hooters experience, and while the lady servers are bouncy and beautiful-the service sucks. Pun intended.
Where's my cousin? I want new apps. He finds the coolest apps to download. Did I mention he's 12? Lol
too late now! might pinch some tomorrow and hope he doesnt notice i havent handed it in. he hasnt noticed for 2 years so!
either that or sitting in that armchair
that would be really pretty! and you can definitely pull it off!! YOLO
It's funny how happy 4-digit invoice numbers can make me - "1775 was a cool year! So was 1863! And 1914 and..."
agreed! One of my favs too. Haven't seen it in a while. I think I need to bust it out.
I talk quite a bit of (good-natured) smack with rivals-- particularly cc:
anythings possible with monta... But yeah doubtful
went 2 a shell station w/ a $5 min. (debit or credit) & you can't use the bathroom unless U buy something...crazy
what what what am i doing
We got my mom! She knew I was coming to visit her but she was shocked to see my brother pop out of the trunk! :)
Please tell us more about your Open House on May 23rd! Agenda? Purpose? Target audience? We'd love to help publicize.
I had a awesome time at church today. I pray you did as well!
animals have such sad eyes........ every single one of them..... it melts my heart <3
Pandora doesn't go back in the box hah
U not even fine u just got a big booty lol
is enjoying planning her wedding with family and inlaws
The same building? That's reason enough to update the old C.V.!
awesome I'm studying community disaster resilience in Cent FL I'm interested in disasters as pathways to social justice
Hey Nick! Sorry we weren't able to make it out to the show. Let us know next time you're in DC so we can try to & get there!
Last day & its going by soo slow!
Girls nite with my watchin comedies and eating bad food lol. Who needs men? Ha
"Fly me to the moon like that bitch Alice Cramden!"
Have a great event.
please do...I, for one, am waiting for the pro analysers like you to help make sense of things. #doitforyourfans Thanks
oh yeah? Well it takes u from a 10 to a 150 wow i think i have a news crush lol just playin
I aint never made money just taking a dump. That's some fucked up shit...I may need to consider a career change
Seriously? If you're too cool for prom why'd you go? Shutup. You know you had a good time
Antwon always gives you a special greeting
A winner announced in the one day give away. Offcamerwithtrish.com
i had already thought so, but now we know it! i'll take mine hand to hand :)
you know you've been to a bar one too many times when you've memorized their saturday night playlist.
22 data until we move downtown!!!
thx! you'll always be welcome here...with or without your dj setup! ^dw
more about our individual quirks or something.
Everyone from lowest level up is being informed by this social media- Social Media is made up of bottom-up conversations
Rocking out to G.FA! SGTC! BOTDF fan forever and always. <3
Had a lottery "expert" tell us 36 is a good number to pick in the #megamillions drawing & having you 5 #'s add up to 107-185 is key.
stop by my office...I got a big pic of you from weight room
Any Celebrity Can U Please Follow Me It Would Mean So Much Especially Miley Cyrus, Ariana Grande Or, Justin Bieber
Cops just stopped are practice. Were sad make us happy with telling your followers to follow us;)
oh, man... haven't seen that before.
If this were baseball, at least 2 of Nashville's goals would qualify as "unearned". I hate playoff hockey.
Nicely done Jason Hammel...
Ok Guys, the countdown is on, "Jack Squad" Movie out NATIONWIDE on DVD May 19th, 2009 visit: www.simboya.com for more info, please support
On the board!
Yes or NO . . Is apart of #TeamBoyShorts <U+2665>
What it do? Appreciate ya reachin out! I need some beats for my new mixtape. Can u email some to or call 901-502-4878
I love them old pics:) well not all of them:/
yea, let me know when youre free this week. I always have gym clothes with me.
The website is updated with all of the new classes added to the schedule. Everything is live tomorrow! Yay yoga!
I did, loved it!
The best thing about is he's not afraid of NEW profit models. Business first is why IAC wins.
I just listed you 20 times <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
yes!! I'm on your team !
By failing 2 prepare, U R preparing 2 fail. ~ Benjamin Franklin
I don't even know. Cause she won't talk to me about. The info I know I had to find out from nick. ... I know it's her heart :/
damn near bro. The warranty don't cover the data either.
sir I ended up being at office from 1130a- 10p! What?!? broke some hinges off doors while I was there we have best mixers
#Tool kicking off their summer tour on July 18th.. Let's hope they make another trip to Dallas!
okay :) ill come by
Cool!! Where?
Quagmire says the funniest things when he's drunk. Live for these phone calls.
Heading to the 2012 #NRAShow this morning! Any suggestions on must see booths?
Billionaire Arnault Lowered $15 Billion on Wealth Ranking
lol i just Stalk for pretty girls and say nasty gross shit to them
offline docs in apps has the potential to completely change IT depts for schools.
I'm at the session on Integrating Hidden Humanities into Everyday Life
Japan&#39;s Canon boosts full-year profit outlook
I want selenas perfume!!!!!
I try :) Have an awesome day
... I very much support this thought process. Find pleasure in the now with what you already possess.
Jessica Sanchez has a sore throat when she performed last night.
The last week of School is always the longest and stressful..
copped on RD still haven't had time to play
I love that you still count me as a youth leader
Looking at a light then seeing bright colorful dots.
Tornado heading towards Wichita!
The only reason NFL changed opener to WED is because the Democrats would have been blown away in the ratings by Football
haven't seen one episode...
We're now following 666 people. Interesting....
Fall I love the way the valley where I live blazes with color
Yea ya know football's pretty inaccessible to me; maybe they should cut out half the rules so I could understand it better.
Passion tea lemonade at Starbucks is pretty good!
wait, you cheat on me, you act like a dick, but I "did everything wrong". I will personally buy your plane ticket back to england you prick.
Have a great tour! Rock it, and hope I get to sing with you again sometime ;)
Door hardware is used daily. It pays to buy quality. You don’t want to have to replace it in five years.
Degrassi was amazing!
Next Thursday! Will announce winners on Friday :-)
I wish apartments weren't soo freaking expensive.
the #alltimelow version of umbrella makes my heart melt every time it comes on my ipod!
Gettin Prom tuxedos wit Scooter and Jake
The odds of being dealt a pocket pair are 16 to 1.
voice just cracked during his performance and he wasn't even 10 seconds into it...
finally figured out 'BT'... boy, was I running slow yesterday
thank you for following me! apologies to you newest ones that i cannot follow. :>( i am still dealing with a twitter limit for following 2k!
never let a fool kiss you, never let a kiss fool you.
Nothing like brunch with a bloody!
I'm off on the Rioja crawl.
no club can afford 2 let ladies drink free all night unless they pour #trash liquor,but I do agree ladies should pay no cover
What is everyone up to?
hey my friend I took picture with you at teen hoot!! Follow us? :)
Everyone of those consultants started with small and/or independent shops, now they want to raise the cost to compete, sickening
Still havent been two sleep.! Uqh I need two talk two him so bhadd im worried
Waiting is over! I am preapproved for a mortgage!
Wishing all of you a safe and inspiring New Years Eve that kicks off an amazing and activating 2012! Every day is a new day.
Hanging out @ CELLspace tonight. Looks like it is going to be pretty fun: dance music art, good times...
1st ever Wisconsin Startup Weekend event winners are.... US! WE FRICKIN WON THIS THING!
Roger's on track...he's going to connect soon!
I wish people would stfu about people being gay . Who the hell cares, we're all the same . They don't get punished or go to hell .
hope you guys are going to check out studybreaks.com
Fuck the laws....dirty, crooked, racist ass copz....
Why does Anderson cooper keep giving racists a platform on his show?
of course! I can't wait for the game to start, I know we're ganna win!
It's a Leap Day miracle! How do you feel about the new layout? RT : Whoa brand timelines are here on Facebook!
I used to like Shelley until she started tattle tail on everyone and being a big narc.
"Never shed a tear for someone who's not gonna be there to wipe them away"
LOLOLOL SO IS HAZZAAA AND THEY POINT TOWARDS ARE SECTiON IN THE VIDEO!!!
Tom Izzo will return. MSU's presser at 8:30 p.m. ET / 7:30 p.m. CT on Big Ten Network. Izzo, Mark Hollis and Lou Anna K. Simon will appear.
I shoulda brought you a taco or two
I love this pic too! The Knuck is one of my favorites.
Dr Quinn's man was all tan n sweaty all the time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> lol
was planning on it, but got jammed. Hate to miss.
thinking he is funny/thinking he is scribe #totalleomove #queenlee just kidding you're the man,
Welcome :D
Msg from BSDC - change to schedule for THIS Saturday afternoon classes at Latin Palace - Salsa lessons 4-5pm only.
Just leave me alone
thanks Ariel. I will check out the salon and keep Logan in mind for 4-6 weeks from now :-)
No big deal, #Orioles. Can't win 'em all.
I scheduled some time off in mid-June to come home. Otherwise I don't have any plans. Do you have plans to visit Seattle?
College of San Mateo Enroll in MUS. 665MD AFRO-LATIN PERCUSSION ENSEMBLE Aug. 20 –Dec. 17, 2009 Taught by John Santos!!
so true! How do we get our colleagues to be motivated & committed to advocating? Would love for them to hit on that
goodmorning (: any plan for today? (:
You too Dave...Hope you have a spectacular 4th!
not enough ball movement from the Jam, causing bad shots and TO's... Jam down 68-61 with 2:38 left in Q3
I love your tweets!
very soon, thanks for the support, Sac needs some G.A.! Lol
Dumb shit is not worth fighting over. Shut the fuck up!
I don't need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends I can be certain of.
I be back later I'm just getting off my sis phone so she can charge it
Need to learn to deal with this on my own
Watching the movie fireproof, cheesy but hits close to home for sure
Congrats to : My beautiful, brave wife gave birth this am 12/28 to beautiful little boy, both are doing great.
You're going to love the Bay Area!
Leadership - To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult.
Not gonna be productive tonight like I wanted! Doggy socialization date + 's field romp/post-romp bath is done & I'm pooped!
Congrats to and the #Bearcats on making the Sweet 16!
Done with camp
RT RT : Remember ther is no such thing as info overload, just filter failure :)
As a trombone player, loved the brass interlude in Rock On. #kidrockdso. Great stuff, great show.
I'm tweetin while I drive I'm drivin while I tweet
Where r u hiding?
<U+2640>Smile and let everybody know that today you are a lot stronger than you were yesterday<U+2640>
I've been called a hardcore hands-on practitioner today. I'll take it as a compliment :D
Thank for the mentions! Hope you enjoyed your 4th of July wknd
Skinny = anorexic , thick = obese , virgin = too good , non-virgin = slut , friendly = fake , quiet = rude. You can never please society.
o delicious! ;)
#dreamchaser2 is a Problem!!!!
I woukd like to thank for saving me some bacon maple. They are great people with great beer, check them out.
Looking at Online courses for C and objective C - any suggestions?
I won't be able to look at you tomorrow.
ready to shake & pop at tonight! #greenvelvet at #godskitchen get to the /via
WRGP officially supports the Miami Heat, the official NBA team of FIU student radio!
Procurement Source Solutions, "Your Guide To Government Contract Information"
In the long run the pessimist may be proved right, but the optimist has a better time on the trip ~ Daniel L. Reardon
Do you have pets in your home? If you don't have pet-immune motion detectors your pets can set off your alarm.
Save money on coffee by brewing your own.
I had a great time meeting you last night!
• BTW, you should set your goals higher. I know blogs with more followers than 4000.
whqt do u mean by lockingg?(:
Finally feel ready to move up a level in ballet, now all I need is the nerve!
In The Heart Of Cygnus, NASA&#39;s Fermi Reveals A Cosmic-ray Cocoon
I am super late but thank you for the Facebook support!
my electric fly swatter is at home. it would take me an eternity to catch the fly with my bare hands. i'm weak.
im good chillin out here in homewood at moms how lil mama doin
my baby will be 2 tomorrow..so excited
idk tweeted something i needed to see
History class -_-
Thanks for filling us in. We look forward to partnering with like-minded #Detroit organizations!
hey vicky your so so icky
does anyone have a keek? (:
And so twitter... is quiet once more so now I sleep
#MiamiShared: The kind of #office where no one EVER asks if you've "got a case of the #Mondays."
I think within the next two years I will finally be photogenic
See you soon!
Still can't believe I did that...er, that I know somebody who did that!
how drunk is ?!!
I haven't seen this mentioned much...how the 60 price tag affects choice. 90+ game = $60 spend. 80 score = less sales.
Norwegian Cruise Line Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
Sweet dreams everyone and much love muahhhhh
Photoshop has my computer all locked up. I just need it to print this one thing...
14 more wins for a title
Cowboy-style hats proposed for East High School drill team uniforms.
Hope i make this staff meeting....
yeah makes sense KC fan everything they do is right and everything denver does is wrong. Or do you have a different fave team now
Omg Cece my little sister is so cute!:]She just ran into a pole and reminded me of :]
House hunting with my hot Hubby
that France squad looks very good on paper. Some matchwinners there, good chance if they can click together.
Sunday thanks
:o well Thanks CJ!
Rt “ Wx forecast today sounds like practice run for hurricane: t-storms, heavy rain, strong winds and maybe hail”
nice work guys!...I like your sound...we should talk
Ah <U+E404> im geekin ha
That SVG rafters point---STRAIGHT TO MY HEART.
I saw a vid on youtube awhile ago and did a great job holding off the crayzeyy crowd lol :)
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
just think about that will get you by
he boutta make me get a attitude, smh.
#brackettrashed seems to be trending...love the MADNESS!
If you opened the message sent by my account, change your password and check for any unauthorized new apps.
oh my god ur pregnant! Congratulations love!!!!!
nice! thanks for the link.
Will you ever follow me? <3 x7
Haha, that's funny! Where was Goofy's breakfast.. I know at Disney Land, but where at Disney Land?
Watching "The Wire" season 3, A+SERIES! Black masculinity being defined in extremities of the hyperviolent and über-menacing vs EDUCATED=ILL
Play: Gem of the Ocean-Role: Black Mary-Theatre: The Rubicon Theatre, Ventura County-Callback next week... stay tuned.
Mass Canine Vaccination: Can Canine Rabies be Eradicated in Africa and Asia? - Decoded Science
I won't speak your Jesus Christo.
great! Pictures if you have any also<3 (if you want to share)
what's your favorite club in CT??
HOLY SHIT. They should be arrested for assault. #foodallergy nightmare.
Things to re-learn: InDesign, oil painting, and how to play shortstop.
Have A GREAT DAY!
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms!!!
Very true, very true. Have you seen any IRL test shots?
wanted to congratulate you and the rest of the guys on one of the greatest seasons ever in the history of the NFL.
my birthday is the 26th on january . I love your music love u
Does anyone else think that most the stuff we learn in school we will never use or am I alone??:/
Happy Mothers Day to our moms and we love you and are thankful for you!
We are a group of real people, and I'm sure our over worked staff would love from baja fresh 271 E state st columbus oh 43215
Anyone know of a survey company like Survey Monkey, that lets you send to over 500 people for free? Thanks for the help!
So Im At Home... & Now I Feel Like Havin Company....
lol you haven't seen me lately...at 270...yeah, I got hefty and still got my strength lol
Time to get ready for skool c:
Someone should run away to California with me.. lol. No but really.
what app is that?
Wishing everyone a happy holiday!
With my ugly brother :D
Too funny. My BF is aviation atty and once terrified his seatmate as he absent-mindedly reviewed crash photos.
Man I tell you !!! SMH
“ “ Boy: hey dad I got a girlfriend. Dad: Good job son! Girl: Hey daddy I got a boyfriend. Dad: *loads shotgun*””
strategies. Affiliate marketing or organic growth?
I need to babysit for you when you guys get back!!
I love you too (:
If you think about pain (headache) is just a signal from the body that something is wrong, lots of stuff can correct it.
Allow the most detailed description of what you want to manifest to expand and flow through the heart to make it so.
Hello Pastor Young. Everything is going well with me. God is a great God. Hope all is well with you also. God bless.
Omg. Why is life so hard. Jfjsbdkajjaonxbjckw.
Its In The DNA! Once You Go , Everything Else Becomes Obsolete!
Good news for me though, can get $5 seats to see the #Orioles play up here in NY
My basketball shoes smell so gross.lol
oh man Lee. Hope you are okay. That would be pretty freaky.
“: Behind every great black man......is the police. Lol” naw behind every fast one they wud have been caught me
I think iv seen this episode of spongebob to many times XD im sitting here saying all the words along with themXD
took only one part of my questions! Not the important tax issue
Rockin out to Betty Blowtorch while I'm working. Reminds me of hanging out on the Sunset Strip! Don't miss LA, but sometimes I miss my youth
We do our thing in Dallas but I bring my A+ game here in ATL.
hahah thanks :D
Be Strong Now, Because Things Will Get Better. It Might Be Stormy Now, But It Can't Rain Forever.<3
i approve. but i am an arm girl, for sure. so his arms are the stars of my show.
I hate that!!! It's a curse/gift lol RT My spider senses NEVER fail me
Woot! #Homebuilder stock up after good report from Wells Fargo! C'mon recovery c'mon!!
The Annual Red Lion Run Car Show will take place this year on Sunday, July 15th at Anderson Park in Wheat Ridge.
and I just drove through some crazy shit going down on deering ave
oh okay lol
AvP goodies are here:
Shut up!!
It's pretty quiet here today! RT Today is National Kazoo Day. Find yourself a quiet library and celebrate the crap out of it.
ima have to take another trip to the fair befor its over :)
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
Check out my video!! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Meanwhile, back at the ranch, #Jets backup Greg McElroy looks for a monogrammed and ergonomic pen and clipboard.
Long shot, but I got ideas for a 4-Hour Schoolweek. Message me if you want to do business...
Gonna hit downtown phoenix tonight-then maybe some pancakes and a blunt?
If i hear my neighbors yippie ass dog one more time im going to put it in a microwave.
dont say hi to the future when you havent said goodbye to the past.
Awesome meeting with Adrian Wilson of at the office. Great things in the works for
me too well not the tatt part I used to make my mom sing it every night she still does when shes cooking.lol
Going on a Diet Coke run. Gotta stay awake.
That is the worst feeling! Sorry..
Winter issue out now! Available at both s AND ! More delicious info on it to come in the New Year!
It may seem like a dream; things aren't what they seem. Now begins a new adventure for you!
#Medifast #TSFL RT Meet newest member of #JoyFitClub, David Johnson lost 200lbs & is a total hunk! Soon on !
MSU alumni assn is working to help tailgaters show their location online. This way I can find you so much easier. Yay MSUAA
I haven't seen any tweets from - he must have blocked me!
Club Rejectz n Full Throttle bar Tonite!!!
You know, I just really haven't kept up with the Kardashians lately.
Shooting day 1 of 2 w/ PDG. Thank God for TelePrompTers cause this script is long.
I totally forgot i was on Twitter... D: that's a first
Going to miss #MadMen tonight. Argh. The one show I'm watching these days now that The Good Wife is over.
Mr.Smith,I help young bball players maximize their untapped potential.Would u mind RT'n this to make more aware?thanks n advance
and stage dived! BigGuy2RT : they brought some white kid on stage and after the song he yelled out "B'S UP N***A!!!!!" smh
School? I want to sleep
Only the parts in between and including lovemaking and not lovemaking
Why are there no paperback copies of Catching Fire or Mockingjay available anywhere? This is so frustrating!
Who's going to come up big in the ALCS tonight? More Cruz or can a Tiger make this series interesting?
Just finished up at OCC tonight--feeling inspired and humbled by the brilliant students there tonight.
21&Up Dress Code Enforced Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT ~> "MINK SUNDAYS" inside Mink Ultra Club! 903 E Bitters Dj Mystic n the mix! Drink Speci ...
Are you guys having your own booth at warped tour ?
I TOLD MY MOMS IF SHE AINT #FOLLOWMEBACK BY MOTHERS DAY SHE AINT GETTIN' S**T!!!
Why facebook message me, when you have my phone number for texting.
"Just one mental shift -- focusing on the abundance of your environment--switches your psychological settings so that your life automaticall
new piercing ?? i think soo.!
I feel real panicky & shakey :(
Team bonding at Universal City tonight - good to relax after a long day on the convention floor!
Hey you guys killed it at Fader Fort. Would have been nice to hear Shabazz on Wildfire instead of Drake though
Kinda excited for finals, just so I don't have to carry a backpack.
Superbowl bound - - RT : Colin Cowherd just said he thinks the #Falcons go 12-4 and win the #NFC South.
May the 4th be with you
Not sure if you saw our last message... We have set aside #9 for you! Let us know. Cheers!
Read me the letter baby do not leave out the words stories & cigarettes ruined lives of lesser girls. And I wanna know..<3
just updated my linked in profile, time for the job search to seriously begin. Only 4 weeks left of classes. yikes!
Hmm. Always did personal. Felt guilty asking the uni to pay but maybe I should.
THERE ARE NO PICS AND THEREFORE NO PROOF! ;p
WHEN WE AS 'HUMANS' LOSE FOCUS...WE FIND DOUBT, MISTRUST, ANGER, STRESS, HURT, PAIN THE LIST GOES ON...TIME TO REFOCUS. Marinemomcee
Weekend was not long enough, but they never are! And now it is time to sort the spreadsheets.
When bitches see a bee and act like its fucking Hitler.
I'll be at the rangers game tomorrow :D
Praying for Japan!
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.-Napoleon Hill
Guy at the gym looks like one of Lady Gaga's back up dancers.
RT : YES! Q3) IDs need not only content dev skills but data hierarchy management skills - and perhaps .xml
actually we were all wrong.. Its.. Wait.. Santino??!? What a waste of a spot!!
Have you ever looked at a person and thought, "yeah, you have someone in your basement."
It's a shame the music industry doesn't produce quality love songs anymore. However, there is an abundance of hookin' up/f*ckin' songs.
Heading east on Anderson & there's a rainbow. SOMEONE in Austin got rain!
I was honestly surprised by the changes. I didn't expect Blizzard to give up on some of their old standbys.
Death! Where the damn free beer!
Saw you guys on Ross the other day...you need to wear helmets!! LOL!!
you mean currently ?
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it. The Buddha
Operation: Sound Off! artist Crystal Guzman featured LIVE on Billy Blocks "Locals Only" show @ Tootsies. LISTEN LIVE at www.103wkdf.com!
Is attending "RIT Entrepreneurs Conference: Web of Opportunities".
Very sad.
I don't know about you but if trav's happy I'm happy. It's about time he deserves something beautiful in his life, even if it's not forever
VIP night this evening and every Tuesday night at the Scholars Inn! All appetizers 1/2 price for VIP members!
Basking in the glow of Oprah
Lol...so close!
Follow your intuition in fitness and in life. CG Philosophie.
Thanks! Hope You're Having A Blessed Pregnancy <3
Brent mind be all in the gutter lol #Nasty .
Yeah, that's great. Now come back to LA! ;-)
Going to watch abdc tonight in my boys will be boyz shirt!!!
My marathon was Saturday. My body wants to run, badly. My mind, wants it too. My left leg, says "no, please stop, now!".
Like bread, soup and getting together with local thought leaders to discuss new art projects? Then join #anhkc for Bread Dinner TR at 7pm
U guys are doing great! Keep up the good work! :)
I need a new mattress.
DC: CLub Love, Vince Gray hosted an event for all volunteers. It was GREAT! Come on Nov 2, Jan 2!!
Just let me know when you have left-overs! lol
My college roommate and I once left "Daydream Believer" on repeat in our room to see who would crack and turn it off first
At the beach in sunny Carlsbad, California - breezy 78 degrees! Gorgeous - come visit!
Everyday I'm #Russellin Cards win
don't you be talking about her like that lol
get better! flu & nice weather are the worst!
Well Tina, Linda, and Chris know their stuff! Vanilla is eaten the most of al the flavors!
keeping it classy in your city don't hate
can't wait for tonight's episode! has always been my favorite. I think she may be my favorite of all time :)
First big spider kill of the year was an intense one. I got to send a message to all of them not to crawl under this door and fuck with me.
With some up high and some beneath, they brushed and brushed and brushed their teeth.
's face is melting right now over the #carsonpalmer news. Two 1st rounders = overpayment.
yayyy David you're the best! :)
preparing for tomorrow.
yea ur right, but idk maybe it could be put to good use lol.. Like cheat on a test from someone behind u. u know? Lol o_o
"America I've given you all and now I am nothing. America peace officer forced to release pepper spray to maintain public safety"
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Mon, May 14 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
Trees are sparkling, shops are full & the music is playing. That’s right it’s FREMONT FESTIVAL OF LIGHTS tonight! 5-9 on Fremont.
#Itstimeforyoutorealize that no matter how hard you try, gentleman, I am still a lesbian.
RT : Does goat resemble lamb in taste + texture? not at all.... more mild and sweeter too
i see dis hoe is playing games
It look like a security nigga...
Yay :) I miss talking to ya. How have ya been??
my favorite white girl
Just divided my class into the Three Estates. The French Revolution sometimes teaches itself.
Shopping with my sis!!
need to die from coholposinen
LetMeKnow If AnyOne Wants A Follow Back ; I'd Love2FollowYouh! <U+2665>
When working out on your own do not let the ball bounce more then TWICE after a made or missed shot. That's going game speed!
sounds like Justice crossed with Air. Cool stuff!
Tonight! DERRICK MAY w/ PEZZNER @ Neumos
Just got home and smashed 3 slices of pizza,a sandwich,and a protein shake.The amount of food my body can take in a day is
Question of my year: What if the alien holds the key to unlocking our alienation?
today is the day I keep accidentally clicking on things by ramming my left mouse button into my keyboard. time to clear some desk space.
My pleasure! ": Very happy to have Casey Bond () from Moneyball on tonight to preview the MLB season on "
Looking forward to mtg wit today. Helping #seniors live independantly and safely is what it's all about.
#FF your mother.
What is this better excuse? Cause that sounds bogus to me haha
awesome, see you in the sunshine.
wat info u need? got wat u need
#nf thanks for the follow!
13 steals for OKC. Just 1 for LA. All you need to know.
you've got that right. damn heavy doors! caught me by surprise.
If there's any justice in this world, Bayern will tear them apart. Yeah, good luck with that prediction ;-)
couldnt agree more
Finna check the kitchen out
got any?
the way Roc says Leggo <<<<<< ayee pure Ghetto ! love that dude always
You coming down?
My Last name is Italian :D
Maybe it's bc I DVR everything, but I've seen no advertising for The Avengers. If it wasn't for twitter/fb, I wouldn't even know it was out.
great to meet w/Martin Davidson & team from , lots of room for collaboration in education, exchange & English
When is that video gonna be ready?? Can't wait!
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -John Albert Michener
Rainy night, I'm missing the time of living in the garage with sand bags and duct tapes outside but still worrying about the flood
Just watched Showtime sports w/Laurence Taylor - best show I've seen in months! Great!
We gotta get right back to where we started from
your "Habit" dancing was frickin sweet. You took that song to a new level my friend!
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
um I feel ashamed for watching this because I think she's mentally challenged. I'm speechless wth
It's not that I don't believe you can change...trust me...I do. But until that "change" happens...I refuse to get my hopes up.
Don't know of a free one. Colluqy (sp?) is the standby I think.
No breakfast means im ready 4 lunch
OK had fun last night with my machine-gun-tweet-jokes. Someone give a topic and I'll tweet 10 jokes about it.
Food has been great and if I escape this trip with only a 10-15 lb. weight gain, I'll be glad. I need to restart my running shedule quickly.
Prof Bies: Who has been your moral encouragement to keep on keepin' on?
Rip Miss Malinda Bostick who will always have a place in my heart!!!!!!
So Romney's father was born in Mexico. My question is: Where the hell are all those annoying "birthers"?
I must be honest and say that I've never heard you or Seva sing but I've heard Vlad for years.
Dang that unrequited love. It's lead to much worse, but that's pretty horrible! I think she's getting 3 yrs. in prison.
Hanger steak eggs benedict with cauliflower, pickled shallots, and mushroom hollandaise
Look forward to it!
I just need some time to write my thoughts down with sea-blue gel pen in my rainbow journal, Okay?!
send me one
~unpopular opinion
after I've already napped today, im ready for bed now.
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
Good morning yall...reading lamp woke me up.
everybody go follow zayns_avocado on instagram
Every time this woman opens her mouth, my eye twitches. #coincidence? Nope.
lemme take a guess.. Paramore, In this moment, eyes set to kill
About to take off 4 LA, reading The Actor Speaks. Frances McDormand's chapter is direct and very cool. Next-Marcia Gay Harden. Nifty!
I be feeling like a nigga when I wear my hats to the back #RandomButTrue Lol
Will do. Thx!
is opening A BRIGHT ROOM CALLED DAY on May 29th! For reservations, email
i followed you:)
Happy Friday! After a night of partying, don't forget to brush your teeth :) www.kravitzdental.com
Revealing this b.c am wholly annoyed by this one dude. Few great e-mail exchanges. I advise how I hate the phone; this is already awkward...
Missed the 1st episode of Amateur Millionaires Club? Catch the encore premier this Saturday 10:30pm on MYATL TV Comcast Channel 13
+1 RT : Lame. His loss. Sorry
I realize that i like typing. it's just fun. woo
What's up, friends? How's your weekend so far?
#Cosign : Saw the shuttle. Love the shuttle. Go nasa!
's sister has more followers than me :O lol. n she hasn't even tweeted! hahaha thats funni. (:
Just saw two cows fucking it's about to be a good night! Only in Martinsville haha
Love you, Artie! Watched "Dirty Work" today.
Heh, I'm trying to get to drive me up there to play tonight. He's not buying my plea. #FAIL lol
The Mark Henry Rollins Band
spendy, true. But it sounds like a great topic. ALCTS members & student rates are much better at 219 & 99.
Hoping I dont get trampled on
mexicalicalexico.musicantica.pedro.andrew.ivan.israel.vox...sun so hot i forgot to go home.
Not following? Ask.(:
Ugh.......today is gonna be aggravating as FUCK...-____-
I sware i feel like either you with Miami Heat or you hating on the MIAMI HEAT! One or the other!! Go sit y'all geekn a**es DOWN!
Re-packed for the bazillionth time. Only want one checked bag and one carry-on. The only clothing & shoes I have left are for #CrossFit. Ha!
I don't get people who text back 40min later
for me it turned into an exercise in false expectations & shattered assumptions. I developed a theory too long to explain here
oh..stop.it.
they bring the spa to you! u just relax & enjoy! awesome!
LOL You a fool! RT “: Shout out to ....Keep up the great work!” we be clubbing ... Lol
Who wanna go to la fitness wit me ?
Pizza of the Week: BBQ Chicken - A southern pizza with BBQ sauce, red onions, chicken strips & mozzarella cheese
Good morning world! Have a wonderful week! Don't miss out on our pre-sale offer! Today is the last day to get a 10% off use code GLMLAUNCH
Knock. Knock.
LAPrime wet aged delmonico, great view and food, a good choice for downtown dining
RT ": Ah! 107.9 announces who's going to perform at #BirthdayBash tomorrow!!"| better be excited!
It sticks out all over your mug
but I think they're letting me anyways. Ahahaha. I pray they do. They moved math down to a 370.
All my Denver sport teams are kicking ass so far. Let's go D- Town!
And the Jimmy Fallon passes go for $500!!!
are anymore movies coming out this month?
thanks for promoting our alum. He was like a baby penguin in school, now he is turning into an Emperor Penguin!
Is trying to promote the new Max Payne 3 game? Lol. He does look cool though.
I have yet to try and it's owned by 2 McD alumni-no excuses anymore! I've heard nothing but great reviews!
Gotta stay tru to yoself, God always provides a way out and I did not take it when I seen it n should have. Abundantly sorry. I'm done now
Im going to buy a case that will hide/cover most of the damage. then my mom needs to call Verizon &see what my options are
PAP 2 MIA...back on American soil after 15 days in Haiti! So thankful 4 & the LIFE God has blessed us with! Ready 2 c my fam!
The team will be #RG3 + 40 guys over the age of 30.
Nearly 1/3 of world's food supply could be at risk from loss of
Does get compliment royalties for the heisman promo? He was the first to coin it.
that is so true. I tell my children that all the time. Its important lesson to learn.
wish for a big black penis? Or the perfect life.... Wait you already have it because it's a life filled with happiness(:
This week is not going good at all so far, and it's only Sunday :(
I know bro!!! and we both have good taste in music too. we simply must become friends. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Sometimes I love to meet and greet because he makes me and my bestie so special and happy
I wish I could drive.
Basking in the glow of meditation, reaping the benefits of healthy choices, & reveling in the #GRIZZNATION win!
#chiefs Are you serious?
": The SEC championship game in '09 was one of the funnest games I ever played in..." how was '08?
Einstein would be near the bottom of my personal list... #1 Bagels Forever, #2 Gotham
Is it possible to get a negative score? Cuz I think I got that.
RT : RT : Slow down, Montrose! HPD has a speed trap set up at Westheimer and Hazard. Please RT!
Productive days are such a personal triumph, definately better than those days that lag & I can't even get my bangs right.
In desperate need of corn dogs, a filet o fish, and an oreo milkshake from Baba's...
Carissa is taking forever to get ready. Ugh...
"Here" being the U.S.
Methods For Creating Aquaponics Design Elements.
For the first time in a very very long time, i couldnt fall asleep for my nap.
Shoe choices for the squad? Hyperdunk, Zoom Soldier V, Air Max Destiny, Hyperfuse, Hyperfuse Low, off court Moto+9, Air Force 1.
Mix And Mastering These Mixes For My "Phoenix EP"!
I'm a wiz what can I say?!
'Yeah now when the big wigs around you a defenseless little lamb with an overload of work, but acting like you the shit, fuckin bitch!'
you will be famous 4 SURE, . but 1 thing i defenately know is that you will NEVER FORGET YOUR MAHOMIES =)
We had this conversation, I have my condo reserved in hell already XD
Auto Glass Experts is a clear choice for all your auto glass needs. From windshields to rear glass and expert advice, call 414-409-7263
dude that's awesome :p
Dont start the new year off with last years problems.
A fuck up attitude
Dollar is what I need
you got some serious body guards!(: haha
The server at Raisins in is from my hometown! Small world.
why are you so damn adorable?
Enlime is now at SDF Building Salt Lake, Sector V, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
Crescent, aloft, sheraton downtown, zaza. Game is in arlington but I think parties will be in downtown area of dallas.
I had to double take on that statement
just lost the motivation to finish this paper. looks like i'll just read instead :)
For some reason they have a hard time figuring this out
Today's words to remember: a watched pot never boils. Just let life happen while you're waiting!
They made fries and wings .... oh God
It's Monday, tell everyone you know about us! Our new name will be announced soon, spread the word <3
Chrissie used "My City Was Gone" as lead-in music today as he continues #hatespeech against
So you can now buy Snickers in a bar the size of your forearm.
If you search for God or the devil under every rock, you will surely find them there.
Did you see #Hive11 speaker 's company 500 Startups had a write up in Huffington Post? Check it out
ArikJohnson: Tried completing feedback survey for #SLA2010 - was told "we did not detect a valid survey in progress" at the very end... ...
Today is a very special day, a day to RadiateLove, Smilers proud of what we taught #MileyDay2011 <U+2665>
"For all of us, our Tribe tells us who we are." -Tribal Leadership. Who does your Tribe say you are? How are you creating your Tribe?
In a supermarket in California.
Stop by the Duck Pond on Monday and pick up maps, library hours, your very own library pen from your friendly neighborhood librarians.
Tulo running gingerly after an infield single. Leaving the game now.
the reason im riding to bloomington right now <
Just heard from a sound designer who met his fiancé when she stage managed a show he was designing. Now: using QLab at the wedding reception
Making pepermint chocolate pretzel M&Ms #winning #yummy :-)
Yes! Can't wait for this road trip up north.
Tomorrow I book my flight to Madison for the recall...
No problem! :)
Yes!!! Off this 10 hour shift...finna jus take a nap in the shower lol
My life has been one great big joke A dance that's walked A song that's spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke When I think about
u r so hott i wish i was older
Fiat 500 B-Spec Leads World Challenge Touring Car-B Standings After Inaugural Race Weekend
How did you do? I got my 45 pips.
Old people have these hang ups about soured relationships. If I don't like someone I stay away, I don't go out of my way to ruin anything.
Natel - Make You Sweat >>
Oh my lord. I need help falling asleep. This is just getting ridiculous.
RT : Park Equipment and Bleachers: So, you and your friends are nice and comfortable in your new set of bleachers and......
- Done shopping for now , heading to get some food . ((: text me
hey Justin! your my sisters inspiration. she's an great Singer and she absolutely loves you! your the reason she wants to sing
Someone needs to make that kid at the next table shut the hell up.
is this something internal, or consultant driven?
I need a good laugh. Can you help me out?
I know, I can't wait till you come!! :) hopefully something fun will be going on :)
I'll see you all at #mlgcolumbus too for
Some people's screens are made to be read in different light. Wish mine was! I would work outside more often.
RT : Check out my blog to win a package of Cabot Creamery goodies
Yippee!! ": I'M GETTING MARRIED TODAY!!!!!”
Police nab burglars with aid of an observant caller - Marshalltown Times Republican
hate and fear are often confused
Hey lady, when you get the opportunity would you follow me? I'd like to ask you a question directly. Thanks!
On the phone with the love of my life <333
RT : Grant Co. crews fighting 10 acre "49" Fire, N of Tyrone. Threat to a nat. gas pipe facility.
Tweeting from Beginning #SocialMedia class tonight. They will love #Twitter by the end of tonight!
Now I Think Of All The Times You Screwed Me Over. Now You're Just Somebody That I Use To Know.
But yeah the compliment was nice. Cause some days I def am not in the mood for my hair. We have a very interesting relationship..yes indeed.
Chevy needs to rethink their ads
IM BACK TO 99 followers... DANG IT!
is so pretty. <3 c:
Hey out would probably love the man's version of
I jus saw ur make a wish thing. U truly are amazin n u deserve all the fame n happiness u get bc u give to others. Ur
The only girl for me eye is hurt I bet it's because she ain't seen me in a while
i have three jars!
Detroit is a little chilly this morning but good! Maybe we can skype monday? I have an idea....
Ricky Gervais didn't upset and neither did the #fashion!! I noticed greens, and blush!! Gorge!
o my gosh! you r one of my fav actors in the whole world!! i loved you in war horse. best movie of the year
I will be mayor w/o ever stepping on the property. Goal anyway. Or I will Geaux in to be mayor that day
it was the sla ucla chapter. A classmate volunteers at kcrw and the music librarian was super excited to show ppl around.
Shout out to cuz a bunch of people were saying shit about her twitcon but she's fucking hot & she has the body for it.
NyQuil: The stuffy, sneezy, why-the-hell-is-the-room-spinning medicine.
I've learned something today. Never go to BK again. Their frappes are gross.
"Midnight in Paris" has reached $39.9 million in the US, meaning that tomorrow (Sat) it will become Woody's highest grossing film in US.
a small select family of folks have the new CD Cautionary Tales and reports back say they love it as much as we do - raising a glass to that
I started laughing when I saw your twitcon haha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Just like grits, polenta always gets a bad wrap. Until you try Chef Joe's. Staple order for you?
Sunday Funday at today! We play the FPL stage at 6pm! #Simplified #Sunfest #Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock & Roll!
We're hanging out w/ tonight at First Church of the Nazarene for a free show with Shepherd Community Ctr. Come join us!
Ted Nugent says he'll be dead if Obama wins? That's better incentive to vote than the $300 bribe we got from Dubya.
On early days of AOL, reflects "I spent 3 years convincing PC manufacturers to build modems into computers..."
Q3 Would you ever lend money to a stranger in need? Have you?
those who don't go out of their comfort zone & meet new people <
Incredibly inappropriate straws... This is going to be a FUN night ;)
good! you'll feel better!
How do you only have 5 damn tweets!! Get on!!
Honey, where is my supersuit? I said where is my supersuit?
Irene's was nice too. RT : Wallpaper!
how u make the font look like that?
enjoy your last day of vacation. Hope you're having a blast!
Best season ever? Title going to the last game, CL places going to the last game, relegation too. I think it's been awesome to watch :-)
I might as well get used to this......
Come on giants win this so we can kill the pats
g hill rite foo I am pacer fan and u a Cleveland fan foo
I just read your bio it says your 15 what are you trying to get me put away go read a book and study
Did I just score (for a measly $39) a previously-unknown state of the book I'm editing? Or is there something Very Wrong with my apparatus?
It doesn't need to be so hot. -_-
« leading. succeeding. achieving.»
Congrats to for winning the best (world cinema documentary) cinematography award at Sundance!
Little and often makes much. - Play Alganon
I am reading "In the Garden of Beasts" by Erik Larson, who proves again that truth is stranger than fiction.
Hahaha! That's brilliant! :D
#childhoodtv -- Zoey101!! "I know you see me standing here Do I look good my dear? Do I look good today? Oh I'm just another kind of girl"
Hey , its nice to see the feature in !
*U CANT STOP GREATNESS*
Awesome! We're looking forward to it! :)
Stay Strong. You gotta great chance at being a serious player for years to come in
I haven't seen this much red since Ray Lewis just happened to be at the crime scene, and helped the guy escape.
Not a fan of sombrero guy's copycats, either.
Oh my god you so damn cute. Make me give up all my loot (:
neil peart writes the lyrics. they all write the music.
Brain Matusz NEEDS to prove something tonight.
headphones glued to my ears <3 #jammin'
Happy #AlohaFriday have a fun #MothersDay weekend...
Dear person who through eggs at justin, FUCK OFF ASS
- hey Jonny, happen to know any PHP/Drupal webslingers looking for a full-time gig? Got 3 I'm looking to fill. Up to 80K.
I was JUST bumping her album in the car!
bout party my ass off for new years fuck this shit iam takin no prisoners lol
Ima Be Thee First To Say Ima Stunt When I Get Ma First Car. I Ain't Gon Know How To Act.
quit spamming
I do.
I grew up down the street from him, his sister was in my grade. Went to the same bus stop. I support him & buy his tunes
I cannot stress enough how much I love that cool summer night air
oh ohooooh international love.
Thanks to everyone who came out last night love you and will miss you all!!!!
Ah....I mean, what a stupid reason to get yourself suspended.
Man I feel like I just woke up from a coma.
slow down on the vandy tweets. Syracuse isnt going to get that top spot this week.
Just found out that 's recently opened SCLC files at MARBL have info about the org's anti-apartheid actions. Awesome!
Today I styled a bride at the Bahamas. But I wasn't nervous because I had plenty of practice with wedding Barbie when I was ten. :)
I'm waving hi since you're so close! :D
Wondering what Conway Twitty's twitter page would look like...
'Five Seconds' sounds like it belongs in a John Hughes movie.... jean jacket dance party lets go
Wonderful photography lecture at MassArt by Steven Shore- for him, creating art is about problem solving and facing challenges.
me too!!! I'm so ready to see you and at Wgi!!!
The most awkward place to run into a homeless person is on your way to a Coinstar.
No formal mandate. Lib just collects articles and posts. I'd like to be de jure as well as de facto, but no plans yet.
Ugh... that's too hot.
Maybe... Not sure yet.
Long day mascoto on point.
I miss you Too hit me up boo
Goodmorning young world :)
"Attention and endorphins make a very pretty pair, and wounds make graves for secrets." ::dearestazazel::lovely, lovely::
Thinking of you keeps me awake. Dreaming of you keeps me asleep. Being with you keeps me alive. But most of all, loving you keeps me happy.
Please be Upshaw
Happy Valentines Day !!! NOLA Food Delivery will be open at 5 pm!
nice new branding! ;)
he's Russian ?! ;oo
when you coming
Just starting The Goose Girl by Shannon Hale. #fridayreads Also have The Magicians by Lev Grossman on my list, too. :)
I know it's not Friday, but follow and shout em out #FF when it is
Broke the screen on my phone. No insurance. Will Apple or Verizon do anything?
RT : Downtown Indianapolis is honestly one of my favorite places. It is so amazing
I'm fappin' in daves backseat. He has no idea shhhhh
Had a live reception with MAD Lab Emergent Art Center today via video and VR
Goin to the mal
I sure can!!
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it. Autograph ur work w/excellence-Unkn via << Great way 2 start the week!!
You don't know what's in store But you know what you're here for
Obv u tried something & she shut it down RT : Why is it soo hard to believe tht I can say no to sex:girl sleep in the same bed.
my mouth hurts so damn bad
RT : It's National Nurses Week. Nurses: THANK YOU for everything you do!
our DP, Christian, is now tweeting! you can follow him ! Two days of shooting to go starting tomorrow!
#ihatemondays where there is a test tht u r not prepared for
The unexpected causes reaction, which causes creativity, which causes a decision, which causes change. + or - ? It's up to you...
I dare you! Small fry!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who rapes and murders your entire family.
he isnt. i love him and austin
Joe. What's your gut on this? As a fellow entercom employee. Lol.
8th Ave pizza in southern highlands. So bomb.
Is a company (Sony) doing more harm than good w/Social Media response when internal processes are detrimental to customer sat?
First sexual deviant in the White House. Obama just keeps making history. What's next pedophiles? Beasty peopel?
are super sad we didn't get to hug you!
Congratulations on the Primary win. I'll be seeing you on the campaign trail!
Totally going to all their ATL shows from now on. We need to start librarians' fan club. Bet would join.
thanks for coming out to #DrinkingAboutMuseums, I noticed drew a bigger crowd than
pretty ladies!
Great job to our Pidgeons today against the Calamity Janes!
#Fellowship and #Community are our priority!
Just down the street -where the Wife shot her husband. If anyone needs a soundbite I can tell you how quiet our neighborhood usually is.
Bring me some fucking kettle corn.
A real #leader is one who gives 100% to oneself, one's organization and everyone one knows 100% of the time.
Thanks for the Mention CaseyLynn :)
Might go to the mall
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 0421 the city of #Venice was founded.
Just came back from a screening of 's new film "50/50." Man, he's a great actor. I cried.
Q: Strangest gift you've received? Giftcards are always cool - stop by guest services. T&C's apply.
Come on rain! Stop do the #clevelandindians can play
they just called ur name :(
Just over half the states in the US have an unemployment rate at or below the national average. Hm seems to be a non statistic.
bout to get ready to go.
love u to rach!
This weather = sucky
RT : RT : Very interesting, AOL joins Outercurve Foundation to transfer its OSS stuff. Why not the ASF; licensing?...
aww you moving by yourself
hahaha pretty sure it's run by some BU girl.
Stupid cats knocked over some Hawaiian punch on to my Skyrim guide. I suddenly feel the urge for tacos.
what are you doing to help the situation? do you speak to students, do mentorships, hire interns?
Awesome! I have to finish Thomas the Rhymer this morning and then I'll start F&H. :)
why is the match tomorrow a chairs match not like a tlc or tables? whats the difference between a chairs match and tlc?
Love is like sand. Whenever you seem to have it in your hands, it slips through your fingers.
I will plying from LA to catch that game for sure jets/Pats at the razor..can you say
Went to farmers market 2day. Best sweet corn in the world!
If your dog or cat is vomiting frequently bring in for exam.
To com sono
I am rather sold on the idea after reading that fact.
Lazy sunday!
2012 NCAA National Champions Kentucky Wildcats yeah baby!!
SITTING HOME BORED MOS. DEF GETTING OUT THE HOUSE DIS WEEKEND
dude I am also watching Roadshow. Loving this episode
same ol same ol
I also facebook and also
I hate predicting bullshit right before it happens...I guess thats why somtimes it doesn't phase me
Wow! That is bloody awesome!
H To The izzO V To The izzA
great teamwork last night chef.
having the best conv w/ , I swear she's the ONLY one I can call a real ass bch <3
i love that i have a guarantee on seeing you at every good show!
lol that to much nd I drank a lot during practice too O_o
This student did reference particular countries, just don't want to be too specific on twitter for students' sake.
From now on, I'm going to answer the phone by shouting "Pizza House!"
u are such a weirdo
Who is gonna win Survivor tonight? my guess is Kim or Sabrina
The secret of success is consistency of purpose. - Benjamin Disraeli
If u r not a funny person...then don't try to be funny during #sales presentations. U will bomb.
": ur going lesbo? Lol jk" Pam's trying to connect with her sister in a much deeper level.
Practice 3 at 10am. Nothing better than Football on a Saturday!
I got that unstoppable feeling, aint nobody fucking this shit up bro we just gotta go mia & WORK.
Yay!!! ;-) : Stuck in traffic and snow in milwaukee! Yay
yeah who cuuurrsss ": Holy Smokes Albert Pujols got a hit!”
Agreed. Rough game 1.
Police may have a lead on the killer of the 11 women whose bones were found on Albuquerque's West Mesa in 2009—a box of a suspect's things.
Now that should be fun for you all night.
my teacher compared our midterm grades today to pearl harbor & said we need to bring our A bomb and treat the final like hiroshima
#freeben is in Twitter Jail! lol or :( and also : /
In our biz technological triumphs, no matter how insignificant, are worthy of a tweet. So no need to break the washer.
Yes. Stop being pathetic. This link won't save your job
omg yess! i LOVE one direction!<3
Get in on the conversation with ! 222-9800 or text at 69822! (Standard txt msg/rates may apply)
#Celtics lose, 87-86, in Game 5 in Atlanta. Oh, and #RedSox lost to #Royals, 6-4. See you tomorrow, Boston. Hopefully it's better for us.
highly believable. you said yourself that you bet i have girls all over me at all times. did you just prove yourself right?
Thinking about rolling around w/ blasting the Beastie Boys in a '92 GEO in '03.
meet us in the lobby!
don't tell me what to do...
To avoid neck pains, make sure that you have proper posture while sleeping or working. It only requires discipline to avoid this PAIN!
you too!!
RT : Tonight is playing Centerville Highschool we go on at 9:15 pm DAYTON COME HANG!
The answer may be its the #maineiacs night....disgusting save from Champion at one end leads to breakaway goal for Houde-Caron at 15:21
UCLA's TFT partnered with the Million Dollar Theater in downtown L.A. to revive and screen classic films from the past 80 years...
I can't wait until Pretty Little Liars comes back.
Killer line up for this Saturdays show! Tom will interview the ladies of "5 Lesbians Eating A Quiche"
thanks you!!!
using cell phones in class as an educational tool #tie2011, finally. Copper Station
Thanks, man
Happy #Cinco de #Mayo Everyone!! Let the #Margaritas start flowing!!
one love
Slow down.. head is under construction...so please everyone type quietly!...ty
you should follow me on viddy even though i won't post
this isn't fun, and I didn't even get my lunch.
The Little Vampire comes on tonight...
lahsklkaksjj so perfect <3 follow me:*
I finally finished four years of Undergrad at #MICA!!!!
Tonight I will see The Black Version Mmh that doesn't sound weird at all
#WidespreadPanic in #Minneapolis on Oct 25?
RT : NPR head resigns after calling Tea Party "racist." Tomorrow, NASA head to resign after calling space "big."
Yep, they usually give a list of permitted uses: tuition, rent, transportation, books, etc. Nothing that can make you a profit.
Forgiveness sets you free...blessing those who hurt you, sets them free.
Gonna be at the hospital all day.
I had never even heard the piece before!! Sightread first violin part...pretty nerve wracking lol
A boy with Dimples >>>> <U+2665>
Loved the hunger games!.....just like everyone else who didn't read the book.
Good Morning Fam!! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!!
how on earth was Tevez allowed to hold that up, doesn't anyone at City have even a speck of common sense!
Go follow
I never have either, but the dude's semi-colon abuse is appalling.
HEY TERRI..THANKS 4 THE FOLLOW..TONY..F/S...
a good title might be," the tweets of virtue"
Anyone can train a perfectly healthy person. But can you progress an individual with limitations? Safe Exercise Protocols. MFF.
I love myself
hello! Direct correlation!!!
love it Jenny
haha u never met one ur age before? ive met people on here that are directioners older than me like 20 and 21 lol
Thank U to my good friend for donating to I'm running from 9am Sat-9am Sun 4U
Yeah, that's right! ~RT : We suffer way too much from sh*t that never happens! 'get ready to be ok'! ;^)
Love this quote! "Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants." Michael Pollan
made my morning!
I swear when Nina gets bigger i'm hanging her.
Next up: Kentucky/UConn - remember, when you hear the 2 min warning, get a shot for just $2!
What is with the sudden popularity of Tom Petty? I like it...but odd.
Thanks man. Enjoy your night
appreciate the RT . . . #Salute to all the insights in ya interviews
BIG WIN for the DEMOCRATS. If the person that wrote the PLAN say it is wrong for this day and TIME, PAUL RYAN is bent on being DESTRUCTIVE.
let's get it lil bruh
If you're ever in the Midwest and want to travel, use Megabus. My trip from Chicago to Milwaukee cost me $1.50 & the bus has WiFi!
"Women - when I say a handjob is similar to getting ketchup out of a bottle, that does NOT mean grab my dick and pound on the top of it!"*_*
I feel heaven when I worship! I live worship! The real worshipers know this feeling.
Fort Lauderdale, it's a Beautiful day in South Florida!
amazon US won't let me give away books? i'll do it myself. tomorrow 7/21: Broken Angel free on my site. will tweet when it starts.
But, assuming a stripper was stripping for 5-10 years, is it enough to retire with? In this economy?
lol that's what I do
Question 3: Whats the one thing someone could say to you that would make you wanna fight?
hahaha when taken out of context, about 50% of what PTs say cab be taken drastically different! "Can you turn [patient] on?"
Thanks for including us in your update!
The Fop !
The are having a reverse raffle for grown-ups on Saturday, 4/28. 7pm-12am! Call 964-7440 for tickets and info!
Had a fabulous lunch with ! Gosh I'm gonna miss her! I love working with students. Wish was with us!
Yes it would RT Let's go, ! A win in LA would be sweet.
First day of work accomplished. No casualties.
I fucking hate you!!! D:
Damn i need 2 start checking the weather at night
Kobe had 3 of those costly 6 turnovers. Not sure Laker nation can keep getting on LBJ6's case any more.
One week from tonight. Greg Bryant Expansion at Nashville Jazz Workshop (March 6th.) Give us a whirl.
is wondering whether the internet is the golden calf of opportunity.
thank you, doctor! :D
against so bad teams, but yeah, they're figured out how to pass the ball.
omg obsessing! Going to do some online shopping right now!
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Hahaha love it!
"...good Santorum territory..."
I agree. Im in debt n im only a junior..no credit either!
I like my music real loud real loud!
MICA ArtWalk 2012 is tomorrow! Registration is now closed online, but you can still come as a walk-in.Event from 5-9PM. Tickets $25.00
the response to the queerphobic-ish has been hilarious/horrifying. the exec editor thinks she won't get a journalism job now...
Thanks for teaching my dog to play with a stick. He now picks up sticks constantly. Lol!
Another good day for at Bancroft. I'll post a pic when my buddy's parents sign her photo release.
STILL FULL!
Thanks for the follow. Congrats on the beautiful work with PARIAH!
blistered my own feet walkin barefoot so she wouldnt have to
Ahh Atlanta airport, I see you still have the smoker terrariums in place.
It's baseball season, go Seattle Mariners! Can't wait to get back to club Safeco this year.
I wish we were there right now, but it's prolly dark and foodless.
Today we are at Direct Supply, slanggin our World Famous gyros so come grab one for lunch. Sorry to Marquette, no Cart today, stupid rain.
Do yourself a favor & shut the fuck up.
Well, just broke into my own apt from the outside for the first time. I guess it's some consolation that it was a pain in the ass.
Why would he do that when his boss would just say
Happened to catch PBS's "American Experience" on Bill Clinton last night. Exhausted just watching it. Enough for at least three lifetimes.
I'll Katch A Grenade For Ya
I know how that works, but a visually impaired person wouldn't know what buttons to push to make the text-to-speech work.
I can't express to you anymore how much you mean to me. HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
we have a glut of awesome shit coming through. i'm actually afraid it might break me.
#ff i love , by which i mean the band, and not the women who chopped a man's cock off and buried it in the park.
Those days when everyone seems to be on a different page than you.
- Sry can't make it to #NPFace tonight - hope to make it next month, cheers!
: Some reports pop in & out of council mtgs. I like to stay for whole mtg.
"Without suffering there is no compassion" -A Walk To Remember <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
This is the least stressful LA trip Ive had so far... Please let it stay like this.
Thank You for passing the motion to hold a Referendum on the Glass Box
Louisville didn't have a coach available either.
so many lolcats in so little space!
- might explode if we all post at once
I knew you'd like it! Glad you enjoyed as I did! :-)
Steve Sailor: "those LA blue-collar whites who don't flee 2 Utah will tend 2 assimilate genetically & culturally into Latino culture" Wkpdia
if you close your eyes and open your heart you will find the one your looking for has been right in front of you the whole time 4/4/11<3
your forcing me to go out.. I said no till drinking till florida!
Thanks for the follow!!
so we sharing now...um????
I'm back home skanks
Lexi Martin (theNewMusic3) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
finally caught up on sleep
In the Nov issue of #CaliforniaRubberMagazine, I take a look state's impact NCAA Division I hockey players, and a cluster at one school
so are you
Milwaukee, here I come.
goodmorning twitter. :D
Hey ladies! Its Beverly's Crafts (on Balboa). My ultimate fav is Papertales ( on Midway). Happy crafting!
Thanks for trying out our site! Feedback always appreciated.
Setting up a LAMP server for the first time in a while. Feels good, strangely.
Rock n roll. If tonight is my last night on earth it was well spent. Listneing to tunes by DJ Simo
Come party with me at LE BLANC tonight! $2 Drinks? Hell yeah!
Wish that more women would opt not to wear a bra. The world would be a happier place.
Part of my rosary broke.damn it
Thanks, Andy. I was kinda nervous about it but I think it made me feel better.
Expedited security screenings for service members begin at Reagan National Airport
that stinks. it sounded like a fun class. I can't wait to see your stocking!
If you want the money, if you gotta make it..
cheers to you, good sir.
You're never too old for some Mickey Mouse! Happy Anniversary :)
I am so in love with all of your designs. I would dress head to toe in MK if I could.
you're the best!! Thanks!!
seriously. Like what the heck? Ridiculous. They Need to show me!
Well this is delaying my studying now #dontcare #NHLPlayoffs another 3OT game? If so I'm sure my professor will understand
Thanks for following. How's life in South Africa. Love how twitter connects people all over the world!
Happy to rprt "Digital Archives & Their Margins" a go #MLA13 for Bibl & Text Studies Grp w/ Alex Gil, Zac Zimmer, Karen Bourrier, Alan Galey
ahahaha when u follow me i thing u r zendaya xD
yeah, I decided to go with a combo of Devonthink Pro, Scrivener, & Bookends. Pretty sure I'll still use Evernote somehow
is this vic L
Awhhhh I love you too girl last night was fun<3
Im right there with ya and now its stormin so im screwded RT : I wanna sleeeeepp. Dear insomnia, you suck.
Lmao yup RT : If Jesus read your DMs , would you go to heaven ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Ok so was wearing a West Virginia hat. OMFG I LIVE IN WV. #yee <3
Baby., Yer The One Thing On My Mind That Can Change Anytime(;
I was just thinking that! Pitbull stays fly
Who is this about?
We miss you all tonight! Kind of lonely without the interaction with you through the show. Can't wait to see you tomorrow at 6pm MT!
whoop! Gogogo! Instead of writing, played Legos
Magic happens at #nasi2012 RT : Just had an accidental but wonderful breakfast conversation w/ at
thanks man! Yeah I traded it in for a black 2012 Kia forte!
send me them pics you took of me
has a gr8 1 online “: Late for #sommchat but wondering if can send me a Greek #wine pronunciation guide.
watching my RAIDERS H.
Scanning, scanning, scanning!
Enjoying Spring Break! Finally able to Relax!
omfg are you serious? wait you mean miceli brothers right?
Your very welcome! Thanks for following back :-)
You gotta calm your fucking tits & stop your winning.
i hate the internet.
ok #saysomethin on repeat
Much Respect Fam.
me too girl! i have a whole bunch of finals next week :/ but im in like 7th grade so yahh,IM OBSESSED WIT ROMEO AND JULIET
MY MAN!
Thx for link to Nola project--amazing installation! Wee chance I'll be there in Nov (have to pick up some things, etc).
Should there be an asterisk after Ohio State in the record books as the Sugar Bowl winner?
Arthur C. Clarke: The only way to find the limits of the possible is by going beyond them to the impossible.
This chick shirt says "Let's Get Ratchet!" #StopIt ha only ATL
Of COURSE the children will win - they have no jobs, no lives, and compulsively tweet to "vote" for their boys.
Sign I was raised Catholic: Whenever I see "May the fourth be with you," I want to respond, "And also with you."
Oh yeah totally!(:
Rest day today....this means lots of playtime at the playground with the 2 year old!
your welcome(:
It was the roar of the crowd that gave me heartache to sing. It was a lie when they smiled and said you won't feel a thing.
Santorum: changing your mind when new info emerges is called LEARNING and it's a good thing.
the sky is green, and creepy
I miss being able to climb in the little things at McDonalds and not being suffocated in the little tunnels!!
huh. odd. what would be point of non custom LP? it's the print trade that demands to be bespoke. yes, that cranky is real deal.
If you tweet like a whore you will be treated like one. Don't act surprised when it happens.
We're getting started here at our primary endorsements meeting at University Heights community center.
Im a democrat and watching Sen Lindsey on and he's the first republican that doesnt sound completely nuts to me.
Totally agree with you. Their parents must have been siblings.
Going to see #HungerGames we shall see if it is good
Plenty r not. Plus, once he makes it to lock-up at the courthouse, there'll b lots of fem def attorneys to look after him.
Prayers & well wishes for a speedy recovery go out to Jeff...pulling for ya buddy! GF said he's worried bout the film!...just like him!
++ RT : A1. Video great tool; use SM to broadcast.
Lunch, lunch, lunch...always enjoying left overs.
#webwise role of school libraries in science teaching: digital textbooks in CA w/open content; historically hindered by budgets & filters
I've never seen a team more confused by their own coach.
Question - Besides Fitocracy heroes, what are your plans for investors? Hubby and I were wondering.
Would you like us to send you $100? It's easy, just refer us and we'll send you $100 if we get the job!
Nah I'm not.
It's a & Dave night for me.
haha yeah I did! I hardly ever use 4 square anymore. My game is slipping
i had a really good day...
For some, high school swim season serves as prelude to water polo
I came thisclose to buying a bow tie for the conference!
On my way back down to Mobile Bay.
Lion King Quotes?.
Just heartless! RT : lol not even the Lion King lol no movie ever made me cry
The last Indiana Jones was good until the end.
Interesting...I think when sightreading comes easy, you don't need theory as much. But it does help w/memorization.
2012 new moves... new music!
that's when it was charging. Lol
No. It was tonight :(
Lmfao. Common absolutely destroyed Drake.
Everyone wants happiness,nobody wants pain..But you can't have a rainbow without a little rain..!
No, CYR and I have an open relationship!
sounds like a dee-troit trip is in order.
Good job!
:( you can always ask me!! I'm no where near a substitute, but I'll try to help as best I can <3
Ra.One breaks all box office records: Weekend collections of Rs. 170 crore worldwide
I'll be around whenever you want to get started
i just came on your back!!
Preparing for the launch of on May 17 by doing a detailed walk-through of all the pieces, both on and below the surfaces.
hahahaha I hope it eats you.
I miss your twitter sprees :(
Are you at BMore Fail? I think I saw you on the live feed.
Is some of the stuff on the scavenger hunt spelled wrong on purpose? Oh and Q should donate his iPad to the prize. :o)
it is in production -- stay tuned early may
Dude! I forgot Cody Simpson in that list:O I'm going to bed now. Goodnight:)
Who you got tonight? or
Good 2 see tweeting during hearing on extending DC bar hours to 4am. I support 4am & sending my comments via email.
God doesn’t remove all of our imperfections, but He makes us beautiful by shining through them. -ODB
do you think this is something more than a business decision. Seems pretty clear to me
aha just have to tell u i love that ring u always wear :) #iloveyou <3 :D
Giving up on job hunting for a bit to take a shower!
cats dont understand the threat of knives as well as humans.
I don't consider you a man when you hit a female. Real men express how they feel with their words, not their hands
Usually i like seeing tweets from , but it's really late. Hope you can get to sleep soon, Jmac! :)
Try when you get home is malta still nice?:')
Haha yeah! But I wanna a iPhone:( what day on marchh?
It's just chill, for once it's not about ego, or stats, or even score. It's just a lot of great players having fun.
A true friendship is when the silence between you is comfortable.
Thank you all for helping us reach over 200 fans today on Facebook! www.facebook.com/statethomasneighborhood
hell yeah :) but idk how work this thang lol
Bitch if u cant take the heat get outa the kitchen !!
Haha, that's awesome! Where are you going for #ghosthunting? My thoughts are with you...
Hey! You were amazing tonight! I love your voice! Follow maybe..?? :)
Drumroll. Who's the winner for the most domain names in government? Shocker, GSA. See dataset at explore.data.gov/d/k9h8-e98h
Check out Sunset Mag's write-up on Sonoma Wineries Sunset Magazine
This CarFax Car Fox has got to be the least effective brand mascot in the history of advertising.
where is that?
We are going to go there tonight (hopefully). Any recommendations?
Daly - How many companies would say goodbye to customer to keep an employee because it is culturally right? Southwest Airlines will
It's true! We're so excited!
Did you get hurt while stealing a base?
She's not bout that life.. That's why you're my partner this time. We killing Bryan, Chinoe,& Juanito.
: thank u! That dress is a dream! (swoon, falls 2 the floor) lol
If it's anything like Game 6 of the NLDS, Vince will get nervous/drunk and watch the game there.
AUDITION for for one of our many choruses. There is one for near any age and all meet in Northern Virginia. Call the office at 703-642-3277.
Dude that smells like old man..sorta like their insides are dying
aint no love in the heart of the city.
sorry if you've already addressed this: why can't I put a 7-day on my hard card at a terminal? Charlie ticket is ruining my life.
nice. I'm working the same. But sunday I'm 7 to 730.
Just got done eating BD's Mongolian Grill with and the fam.
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead that is where your future lies. - Ann Landers
I need a poster to add to my wall.That'd be awesome
do you know if Brian Regan had twitter? You two are the best
Eww track meet trmw. I wonder what in running
TWEET ME!
No weekend for me...hopefully I get some sleep.
Hope you enjoy it, ! Thanks to for recommending it!
Most people use their smart phones to do dumb things
I think in the middle ages, women were stoned for serving their family the kind of meal I prepared last night. Blech!
Instapaper Gets a Major Update and a Design Refresh for iPad
To all the really random people that have decided to follow me. #hello. And no, I don't want to "cam".
Dont know if I shuld trust foriegn candy that I cant read. I just ate some, and im not dead yet:)
Good Morning <U+2665> ^-^
Oh, NOW I know! Aubrey O'Day is the little boy from the original The Omen all grown up.
WTF u looking at????
lol, yeah I'm sure a Zombie with Bacardi 151 is a recommended pregnancy drink!
You are right - I fixed that in my later tweets. Thank you for the reminder!
Welcome to Twitter, Luddites!
those "girl quotes" twitters are so stupid
When given new input 80% of the time people would rather defend their position than listen & change. What change are you resisting?
pleez respond...all i want 4 my bday...no party can make up 4 dis!
Did you bring a bag lunch today? Lol
I'm just getting the hang of this whole thing. I'll be sure to comment on the toys next time you order them!
How bout them Yankees! Hm
Be very careful of who you give your body to.. chances are a year from now you'll realize how unworthy they really were
heey wanna help someones dream come true?(:
u havent had the best of it. Arroz con gandules. thats where its at
Anybody in #Nashville know where I can buy baker's ammonia / aka hartshorn salt for #baking? Aside from online?
#CUBUFFS win this game. I'm callin it
she is doing good :) how's honey? I miss her and bj
I must say I feel miighhttyy accomplished today. Gold star for me!
Haha people trying to guess my middle name is hilarious... But it is unknown... ;)
And I do not even know what the fuck nicki minajs issue is. That performance was not ok.
M Jamaican Rum!
aw ok then cool
Optimized local listings boost traffic and revenue - Travel Daily News International
He is acting very unfamiliar right now....st8 to vm I go again..Welp to the bar I go I suppose
Happy holiday weekend all!!! Enjoy the most wonderful time of the year!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Rockin' Mammas out there! I hope you get spoiled rotten. We'd be lost without you!! X
Yes, but Hamilton,Henry,King(strong leg) and Mayo all have flashed at least one critical factor to play in the NFL
good luck. GGIRL WEAR THAT UNDER.ARMER
We purposely spell his name differently as often as possible. With an ego like his, it has to bother him.
HAPPY NEW YEARR <33333 2012 IS GOING TO BE AMAZING
Young people need the influence of caring adults and positive role models in their lives. - Be Positive Campaign
"I never met a North Korean that did not like pornography." - Hank Crumpton, former Dir. CIA’s Counter-Terrorism Center, on
didn't know you had a job lol
We're in 148 row 26... two extra seats nearby!
Been there. Place is cool. Did you take a Royal C cruise there?
Thanx 4 asking. Our wireless in the house (FIOS) doesn't hold the signal well to the computers. Don't know about 2 TiVO yet
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I want you to know how beautiful you are and if I could I'd tell you everyday. :)
Not a very good morning.. Rough start but finally getting better!
Exciting: this morning the team will be moving the Scalar cloud environments to their new dedicated server
Busy busy busy!
haha yeah. But he kinda help start CHK...
This thing called me short
You're very welcome, Jason!
He could answer that better than I. / Same station: today is covering Dems whining over job numbers.
My townhub_com account has been hacked. The culprit is posting and sending spam. I have changed password as Twitter instructed.
old songs <3
I'm a nervous wreck watching the game. It's not like I have any say in what is going to happen.
You never root for your team to lose a playoff game just because times are rough.
They played me hard at work tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Mom's serving breakfast! I'll be back. xoxoxo
will check it out.
Something special sexy wonderful.
I'm finding that being a missionary in LA means doing different things w a lot of diff people
we have plenty of everything! Except jerk chicken.
are you going?
+1 MT : Thanks & all for an inspiring day of
Good call! Well if you all ever want to come to NY my apartment is open...all 300 square feet of it.
Where's my coffee this morning? c|_| dang, it's empty.
Did you have a happy WholeFood-ings?
Got caught in the twilight zone of walking out of a door, seeing someone, and not knowing if they're close enough to hold the door.
Or at least start to till my garden and start getting it ready for spring
#mahonefact Austin's biggest dream is to have tour with , don't worry it will come true hun :)) just BELIEVER
Using smaller loads will help your washer last longer!
hey i love your videos so much. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Dairy Queen - Dessert (live updates)
That was a pretty good nap.
Please use today a day to learn something about your community, our country and our national history. Have a Happy #MLK Day!
sorry bout that
How DARE you.
The girl cookie was cuddling the Tide thing I use to wash and dry my bras. She didn't believe me even when I told her to open the pockets.
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic ...are you a devil in a skirt, or "Trouble in Pants"? Get out on the floor, we wanna see you dance!
A really nice resource for articles in a number of different industries is Smart Brief -
only the most dominant female endurance athlete ever.. maybe that's too extreme?
Use transparent development cycles, let people see what you're developing.
Just left my aunt's final defense for her Ph.D. dissertation & the verdict is in...PASS!! "Who runs the world? GIRLS!!!" LOL
We've met. Can't believe you don't remember. Ha.
Captured my heart & fills it with joy, makes me feel alive, inspires me to give & be more....worth having in my life & pursuing? ABSOLUTELY!
HGTV is my life <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Sun is not shining like a wanted it to! Well I gotta get dressed, I've go so much work to do! I feel inspired :)
Interested in an aspect of culture or some other special topic en español? Tell us! Suggest a special topic for e-tutoring now!
Dont just let someone tell you they love you... they need to show you.
"He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
BUY ONE GET ONE FREE : has new item now!!!
Well gee, computer taken up with 6.5 hours of ftp transfer. Can't really do anything else. Guess I'll be reading Locke & Key.
I'm just not diggin you anymore :/
Today is the First Official TFIF Day for Kids! "Turning Fear Into Freedom" Is Our Purpose for Helping Anxious Kids Ages 6-12. Join Us on FB!
Perfect place to meet girls : library 10 minutes before it opens
I'm sure it's a crazy experience to go from 1 team to another. Thx for the great attitude! Welcome to PDX..You'll love it!
Not real sure WHY you'd post this.
mention my name ? Lol
Getting colder! Currently it's 78F and Cloudy
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. ~ W.S.
TY for the follows this week!
Goodnight world wide web <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Bulls Played hard doe if Miami stars was out in da playoffs dey couldnt play wit dat effort
There is only one Melissa Klug in my world.
Thanks for following me:
I think, maybe, I was a little too young at the time. Because now I get it. Now, my will chooses differently from my brain all the time.
Happy Birthday!
I love it, there's SO much to do ~ I'm excited!! #Acting#Acting#Acting world I heart u!!!!
RT How 2 Get Ya Music On D.S.R.O Send Ya Music To We Will Review It & Send U Our RadioPackages Info
The Beach Boys continue to rock my world. Revisions nearly halfway done! Do I deserve sushi and candy canes? Oh yes. Oh yes.
CONGRATS! RT : We were recently honored by for our work w/
I know not to be selfish enough to block a kid's dream just so ol' State U can win games.
Late nite snack time
As our way of giving back to the local community, 25% of all profits will now be donated to New Mexico Animal Friends.
Chi-town in the house!
I should be a sitcom
Great minds think alike and I'm working on locations for guess what? ; )
WHAT OMG <3
FENCE SAIDS THANK U
My baby's here ((:
Did you ever get the feeling that the world is a tuxedo and you're a pair of brown shoes? - George Gobel
I define #InfoPunk as punk spirited, but genre-free music using all the influences available in the information age.
Just us or was there not a word about redevelopment in the #CASOS?
After 3 N Stafford running away with it vs Brooke Point 47-22
Or goodnight
If you have not signed up for the wine workshop yet be sure to SOON!! This Thurs at 6-9 join us for wine edu & wine tasting at THE CASK!
Can you say complete jealousy!
No wonder you're in a good mood. Summer school and you're done with your politics mock:-)
can you please follow me alli? :D
hopefully after todays incident you and i still have females....
you reminded me of it and it makes me happy:)
bus 13 driver, thanks for not stopping for me when a crackhead driver blocked your path at the stop. I'm sure you heard me yell.
Buying tix to see Oberst in NYC many, many months in advance. Dude, living on the east coast is gonna rock my socks right off.
Marshawn Lynch highlight just gave me a half chub
welcome! Lets tear it up.
psh, Lucy nothing about you is selfish, you're one of the sweetest girls I know<33
i hate studying ._.
RT : Some great insights from a young dancer in Jacob's Pillow Dance's Know Dance Project: "Movement and touch can be... htt
: Well as long as it isn't a bad thing, haha.
i like breakfast !
haha your so welcome! It was a pleasure! I'll hop on the next flight to OK! Haha
if coach cal takes a shit it's a headline. I sometimes wish there was no Internet so I don't have to be subjected to dumbasses
I'm gonna cast a spell on u with my wand made out of smarties!!!!
He's Gucci.
Definitely. Gonna be doing my "prep" in his room until the movie is over. Forgot how good it was.
Awww Muy Bonita! You gals are amazing :D My twin sis & I admire you both.
& Performing live this Saturday for "Sexual LGBT Saturday" ! Make sure u in the building!
Keep the Faith! Thank you to all my friends that stood by me. I was a Victim of Identity Theft 2.5 years ago and it has been a very hard fi…
What kind of world is this when your mind is going into the gutter before mine?
Hate life
'Cause I certainly don't shave, condition, fix my hair, or wear makeup if the furthest part of the world I'm adventuring to is my kitchen.
my niggas #snapped on da shit da crazy part #Javier #snapped but Neva said a word n #skoo #domo how u do
not at all experienced but we loved Rome, didn't make it to Greece. Get ready to walk!
Tonight's performance of Bach's St. John Passion has been canceled due to inclement weather. Check here for more details.
You will find that everything in life exacts a price, and you will have to decide whether the price is worth the prize
hey boo
RT : A total of 29,761 hot dogs were consumed tonight at 50-Cent Hot Dog Night. So fuuuullllllll!|| 4.2 dogs per attendee!
When we've relied on people in the past that's when we've made the biggest mistakes in life.Trust your heart not ur friendly advice.
This new Siri commercial confirms my complete disinterest in Zooey Deschanel.
Best Memo Ever
Playing hooky after exciting meetings downtown...could it be anymore beautiful outside?!
hi sweetie hope life is good always in my heart
Currently googling how to make my butt bigger.
congrats to for being our 100th follower, and for being our 101st (dalmatian) ! 100 followers in 4 days? not bad.
So i absolutly love von smith! HHe is an amazing ssinger
Straight EASY !!!
LOL Woo hoo! As for scoops, we'll keep you posted for sure!
I think there are still many in higher ed who believe that the self-improvement and learning is what higher ed should be about.
Hospitality Night at The Anchor Bar.. Come in for 50% off if your in the Biz!!
I need to learn sign language. so does and and and and
I love way past forever!<33333333
Odot says Johnson creek a above flood stage right now. We are checking to see if foster road closed as result.
please follow back?? :)
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, just like humans use fingerprints!
Challenge: Donate your total comp to St. Jude. Your $$ far out-weigh SGK donations to PP.
Young and single and free
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do ~Confucius
you know life is what we make it, and a chance is like a picture, it'd be nice if you just take it.
Kpop on the BBC's Strand arts podcast. Taking over the world.
I agree they are booth great fairy tales!
that's very touching :)
will be at the #LAThtr awards tonight in Togas, will you?
Hurt my ACL.
Can Jerry York coach football or basketball?
Our Tweets this week will focus on Teamwork or Synergy!
i LOVE #StrangeClouds! <3 i downloaded it last night. love you (: x
niall and ed sheeran were both wearing UCLA shirts YAYAYAYAY THEY'RE ON THE GOOD SIDE :')
thats to long!
but we get a cartel!
its been a while since ive been on twitter wats up
Stop in tomorrow! Watts will be CLOSED on Sunday July 4th and Monday July 5th in honor of Independence Day. Have a safe holiday!
girl just debating about some shit and Idk what's the right thing to do.
The text my best friend just sent me <><><><>
#IThankGod all day, everyday.
omg your birthday is right after mine!!!
By using bing or something else?
knowing you're smiling makes me smile, sweetie. Have a great weekend :-)
Home alone! Blasting my music. I hope my neighbors like All Time Low.
The park chalet in SF is pretty much at optimum sunshine/beer mode right now.
ten years ago i donated a lot of money to the new york city fire department in the name of all the 9/11 victims thank you
RT : If you live in #Austin or want to keep an eye on the tech scene, you should follow
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments
HAPPY FRIDAY!! Back on 101.9 The Mix until 5 am!
Thank you for making my #thesis writing experience not suck.
Fuck It Gonna Go To School Eairly And Go Get A Starbucks Cause Fuck This Im Too Tired .______.
thanks. How did those new t-shirts work out?
04.17.12 -- A day to get all things squared away. Settle your finances. Sign a contract. Organize your life.
Are you into #hiphop #rock #r&b want a career working in music? Check us out www.AzmythMusicTech.com
Awesome dirt is out on the streets 4 in Gr8 times this weekend. Stop by the shop & say howdy! & get ice cream!
Just had the most delicious breakfast at Sugar Cafe-waffles & sausage, coffee, all served with grace by the owner & good friend Kelly Bannon
TY! And sorry but I'l be in Napa Valley on Tuesday. Will have a cheers to and his #trespassing there!
So... excited for #MidnightMadness2012 ..
I'd rather be at #Fantabuloso than going to work. Stupid work!!
Haha it's ok girl! We were a hot mess together haha! Enjoy the CD!
oh no
Sportswomen of Colorado.
im sorry:(
Good par 3 at Common Grounds Golf Course in Aurora, only $10 and no wait to play
what up Fam!
Can I just say Coke zero tastes JUST like regular Coke! My mind is still blown!!!
This would have been a perfect night to go hoop at my not so secret court.
Getting gussied up & excited for tonight. I'm ready to swing dance.
I hope that I can watch the #NBAPlayoffs in México.
Lebron missing free throws<<<<<<<<<<
Happy rainy #LeapDay!
Just remember when I'm gone there's no coming back this time.
HELLO HOTEL AWESOME
can u follow me plz
I like going to partys and take alot of bitches back to the studio and fuck them!! Thats if they pussy clean!! lol
thank you. It was a wonderful learning experience. Looking forward to the next!
Fringe is on Fox.
Ok, Indiana getting warmed up
Tra la! It's may!
no im serious. not even joking!
Too funny!! lol
and on MONDAY at THE FARM // 36 Crazy Fists!
I agree since your degree is not what is showing when you are being stopped.
it won't be any fun following you if you don't tweet anything.
Wow, these Latina's have got worship down. Can't understand the words but can feel the love.
sang to a guy as I was driving.. totally made his day lol
A big happy birthday to mr. !
10 sessions on the books today!..Better get ready clients...because I am coming for you!..
Perk of being a working woman--when 5:00 roles around, I'm done. No homework for me!
I had 3 people wish me a happy mothers day. I am happy. Happy I'm not a mother at this point in my life. I can't keep plants alive.
and I was 345 :)
Low to moderate exercise reduces tiredness, back pain and constipation in women.
A wise lover values not so much the gift of the lover as the love of the giver. ~Thomas á Kempis
I am Spartacus #turner prize sorry couldn't resist
Thank you! Have a wonderful holiday!
tequila & grapefruit juice is awesome... it's going to be my preferred pregame drink for this weekend's #furthur show in PA, got a hotel 2
I went down to record a cd in their studio and filmed a DVD in the auditorium. A wonderful woman name Alisa Asbury arrange it
RT #ThingsNotToDoAtChristmasParty - Your boss. Or their spouse/partner./ Copy that!
There is only one week left to enter the SWEEPSTAKES so enter today!
Happy Saturday! We hope you are doing something exciting with your holiday weekend!
you had an fail .
That Metallica record (The Memory Remains) that they used for the promos fits perfect for this rivalry! Good job Prod Team!!!
I just walked in on a homeless person hovering over the toilet seat in the bathroom. At that point wouldn't you just sit down?
eat all of the food.
Let mqe check my schedule. im sure it will be a fabulous affair!
Try this as campaign theme: Man tries to control nature. Capitalism is nature. Therefore, man tries to control capitalism.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
I'm into women but this old dude gonna say he dnt care he got money for me. Oh my god lol, I can't believe these people.
I should post that on Facebook and tag my sisters and brother. maybe that would give them a hint
Go to Google RealTime and type in #jan25 for a good look at what is happening in Egypt RIGHT NOW.
Lebron choking like always
so hard
I hope so too because I didn't get her anything good.
thnks again for shoutout. you guys rock.
Typo in bio *spitting out code.
I love chu so hacking much.
thank you for sticking around to hear the jams!!!!
": SO HAPPY FOR YOU JUSTIN I LOVE YOU" who does he mean by Justin
The notion of finding a niche in a disruptive time is absolutely key.
I'm not sure about playing today.
if she's such a good hunter why did need someone to talk her through the shot?
lmao love you too :)
Has anyone mentioned Simmel today?
Begin anywhere--John Cage
Photography students looking to build their portfolio? Volunteer photographer needed for the parade, email
Hey Ted! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Funny question at #MobileMonday tonight: "What happens if NFC stickers are swallowed / eaten?"
Back to the stack!
Super productive Sat am!!
Looking forward to a great week. RT : hope you are having a fabulous fine!! The contestants just look great!
watching UVM on TRUtv! Go cats go!
Not missing much. :-) I just moved from there today in fact. Back home to MI.
Still many other American choices would have been better!
I want to get a new bikini
#Betatesting Star Wars: Knights of the old Republic
love the encouraging tweets. So glad I followed. was right, you're the best! :)
Is she rachet <U+E336> That's why I'm <U+E51A>, and <U+E22F> the <U+E518>
<Content Cat Fight! MEEEOOQW! ^ME> Bloomberg fires shots at Rival (Thomson Reuters)
Misogynist: A man who hates women as much as women hate one another.
I HATE SHOWING MY FEELINGS CAUSE WHEN I DO SHIT GET REAL AND IT TURNS OUT BAD SMH
Two adjacent tweets in my timeline start, "obesity and depression..." & "chocolate bacon peanut bark..." Huh.
I used to write stuff of varying quality for but he still REFUSES to follow me!
Delicious Black bears spotted in our region!
if some burros wanna get rolled on I'm down. I'll prob talk shit lol
Well you are tweeting about her to. So take you own advice first honey.
i didnt realize that labor day really meant everyone in nj put on your yellow spandex and ride your bike down the middle of the road, but ok
If i keep scheming and you keep dreaming, we both keep believing and aspiring to greatness, forged by our braveness we will succeed.
Neglect not that the earth delights to sense your empty feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
The gym should charge a separate admission just so I can people watch...some of you individuals in the gym are COMEDY
goodmorning or afternoon to you and how are you doing?
First class=only way to fly!
Really enjoyed the #netbaseknows #sxsw panel. loved your take on using social data. You definitely got what women really want
I'd say harden but that won't happen
im good hbu?(:
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good. ~Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
Yumm #sushi after an #audition...nothing better.
Sometimes there is learning in reflection of failures but other times, there was no redemption & my time was wasted.
thanks for the RT, love your @ sign
If a crush last longer then a couple months then it may be more then a crush
WTF was my original reaction.
Thx. Keep it BOB (Black Owned Business)
Trippin off how I can see Jupiter and Venus from my front porch.
spain tomorrow so wont be on twitterr!
Parks and Rec officially renewed.
that's awesome. He was always super cool. We gotta get up next time I'm in LA
Getting my huuuuur did.
Thanks for depressing us on a Friday! RT : It will cost me $462k to send him to college in 18 yrs. Need to save $794/month.
your picture is pretty !
I love you, Ian! :)) We're big fans of coast to coast. Luv your shows! Listen all nite, while we spoon in bed!
On Adelante tonight at 6:30 on MPTV 10, artist Pamela Diaz presents her exhibit at Latino Arts.
it would mean the world if you wished me happy birthday! I'm gonna be 13 and my birthday is on thursday<3
Maybe he confused your symptoms with that of a
Amazed that does not adjust their trip planner to reflect holiday schedule changes.
Im very Tired of my phone vibrating lbs
Why did the dish and spoon hide their computer?The cat kept fiddling with i.t.
They tryna get college football to copy college basketball... Smh
So, it's a little complicated in terms of logging in, but maybe it would work.
Whew, made it thru Lowe's Courthouse records session, need to have one in Vegas!
I did stumble upon that.
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it.
Somebody just asked me if I was the girl on Lizzie McGuire. That's it. I quit.
don't trip bae here I come !
putazos! I got your back!
Looking for blogging tips.
Love it! We should plan some unofficial group outings to the ballpark this season. I would totally help plan that! ;-)
Best of luck in the future! Hope to see you tearing it up at Wrigley very soon!
Linda Yahr, my partner leaves for Bamaco for a three week Mali feasabiilty study on the 16th of September
Hey Brent thanks for the kinds review. I like your choice of words! LR
- NEW episode of Lila, Long Distsnce coming! Plz RT & Follow the show! ->
Who wants to hang out tonight lol
i cold watch his videos for hours.
the leash is optional...
. "what is the shape of Italy? A BOOT!"
Been running and working out at home so not even using my gym membership anymore. Thinking of canceling.
You're welcome!
If Im not perfect that in no way means my God is not - Marshall Olman
Tonight we're talking about breaking down the silos in #highered -- We all know they're there. But maybe not forever!
I don't get a friday follow? :(
Thanks....we should have another Podcast up in a week. Thanks for the follow.
yep but well just see what happens.
you should see the entire series. They featured Mexico too. 4ooo interesting.
Epic Rap Battles of History
IT IS STARTING!
Another test...trying to get to connect with our Facebook page :)
be on that other ishh lol.. but gotta love him
btw digging the green today! Also loving the ladies' accessories this am. Cute necklace and earrings!
Thanks for your mention. Have a great 4th of July! too.
Hahaha that definitely sucks as well. I went and blocked the person so hopefully didn't show up...probably just look crazy
#YouCantBeToughAndSay i love justin bieber
lol I don't use twitter much!
can i get ur Follow back #TeenWolfs fans!!=D <3
Nicely put! #HCGlove RT In actuality, the hCG diet fulfills all of these promises and more
82 days until a lot of Democrats lose their jobs. The only job shortage I approve of. :)
you should be proud.
I miss you too ! Omg call me son!
Love means nothing in tennis, but it's everything in life.
thanks for the follow, I returned the favor! I am a life coach~tell me about you? :)
god i love them
I think about that question with every decision I make.
kk, u can tell me over like tumblr or text or watever :P
Lmao so many #AlexLovesUs That it can't load up Thank u for blowing up My Tablet :/And I don't Even get an RT BACK IM OFF
Time to ask that question again. :)
Ah kinda getting chills listening to my boy singing some "Harder to Breathe"! Gotta love it !
Last day of a very stressful 5 week project. I have never experienced anything like this. Its ok though, I see the light at the other end!
why didn't you text me
Hi alessandra c:
DOES MTV HIRE IN LA?
More than I am comfortable with.
Last week of classes... Yay!!
hey haha did it work?
RT : Success is not when you blog about your stuff so much as when others blog about your stuff.
I just witnessed 2 mating squirrels in my front yard, with 3 other squirrels chasing them. jealous much?? ,o
“: Great to visit right before this road trip! Best deli in town!”
1st mtg with Exec. Dir. LG Shanklin Flowers. Great leader with incredible vision. I look forward to serving on the board.
Also, their reunion is now about two years behind my band's entire tenure.
At kilwins again with my bro
girl im listeninig to YOU while im getn ready n pregaming before goin to the city. chi city!!!! COME HERE!!!!
that is called "Corporate Underpants" and it is the number one mistake I see when reviewing things heuristically.
you can't be serious...
Let's get some sleep.
Who's laughing now
Just back from CT. Great time. Got some great graphs and pics.
I work in it too, so we understand. Loved idea about trying to develop a campaign based on wife's nest egg loss.
At LAX for the first leg of my multi-city tour d'nerd... Research project mtgs in MD; Campaign for Future of #HigherEd annual mtg in MI. GO!
If money were not an issue, what tools would you use to market your business?
Letter - Criticism was unjust
Wooah! I did it again... Some of us never learn
Loving is what I got...
KEY to SUCCESS: “You can expect what you can inspect.” - Bill Bratton
I think either way it works.
Had #pizzapit and the last two #summershandys for dinner...
Every day a struggle, every day the boundless rewards.
#ThatAnnoyingFeelingWhen you had a 4 day weekend to handle business and you didn't get shit done (>.<)
We were the builders!!!
Seriously, what in the hell is Pinterest and why should I care?
Springfield, Oregon?!? What the frak. 25 years of delicious, perfect, funny ambiguity down the crapper.
The Avengers might set all-time opening record
CREAM STEREO LOUNGE -TONIGHT- 10PM-2AM - NO COVER - $3 BEERS - $4 WELL DRINKS - $6 PREMIUM DRINKS - DJ NAMELESS - 602.348.1722 FOR MORE INFO
Smoke weed? i do that && haa !
Follow Back Becca? :)
27 today...getting old, hehe. =P
Nigga all in talking shit cuz he got out of line and got back in thats sum bullshit n where the fuq is i feel
Welbeck's all fine and dandy but Valencia against Clichy has a winning ring to it.
Haha, so true. I had the headphones out within 60 seconds
they actually played, not synced to computers.
Thanks champion! Cheers!
Now SXSW is a rap it's time for a vacation!..Boom!
that's the spirit ; ) haha
DEVELOPING: Grown man calls names like a child, more to come.
#actors! #ff if you need to jumpstart your career! Put a #reel together with these guys so you have something to show
Our thoughts and prayers are with the #OkState basketball community
or u could use them all @ once
The Hooded Menace invades I-CON! #MenofSteel at the Iowa Comic Convention. See the show in October
That last one was for Mediterra Restaurant and Bar! FREE Dessert with the purchase of an Entree! More on the link!
Why don't you move here so I can fix you up with a nice southern girl?
Good Morning! Here's to another great week in paradise
Now that, I agree with. It's appalling. That's why I'm so invested in Vision Zero, not just for Portland, but beyonod.
Is that a tiny muzzle? Adorable!
my bdayysss on may 14th !!! :D
Holy hell Pham love so so amazing thank you thank you thank you for hooking up nye!!!!!
DONT DIE EAT MY NOODLES.
Can I use my napkin yet?
#Congress: #Afterschool “is very important to me. I am able to work, and know my children are in a safe place” –Andrena
i watched it! <U+2665> you did an amazing job Love! <33 BTW your icon is Arimazing! :] :* <U+2665> xo
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY !!! Wish u a happy amazing birthday love u to death and enjoy your birthday <U+E057> <U+E32D><U+E329><U+E32D><U+E329><U+E32D><U+E329><U+E32D><U+E329>
: Thank you so much for sharing in my pain.
yes, we haven't.
omg! Hahahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> it's meant to be!
why is Evan Turner in the NBA?
Marinating the wings, marinating the wings........
Is it okay to give your dog Benadryl? Because didn't do it or anything..
I know you do!!!!! Ms bacon and shake for break lol
I love weed, but I hate hangovers, and the hatred of the hangover wins by a landslide every time
I love good grammar! (Found you on #YeahWrite)
Hey , , , , , , university Zipsters check out our next tweet!!
it's all POTUS fault. At least the pressure is off the gays ;)
Where the #NJDevils will get burnt in this series is relying on a Greene--Fayne pairing to stop Claude Giroux late in a 1-goal or tied game.
This is the slowest english class I've ever been through.
It would suck to be a midget in a amusement park
Order sent to Athena in CA!
you got me how i met your mother is great! though it isn't REALITY TV
Yea I'm single , naw me & him don't go together .its real this time we in 2 different places in our lifes #Lookin for sumthin new :)
Don't spend two dollars to dry clean a shirt. Donate it to the Salvation Army instead. They'll clean it and put it on a hanger.
holy shit, what's up? Gettin ready to get on a plane to New Orleans
Final round! Let's do this
seems like ur feeling a Lil feisty
Debugging tools for SP events regualr jquery debuggers: Firebug, IE debugging, Fiddler for network communication.
Nice. RT : Leg cast coming off today! So ready for the boot.
idk I do it a lot D:
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander&#39;s Fall/Winter 2012 Collection Focuses on the Geometric ...
yeah dude but I think they moved didnt they?
Khleo Thomas is one of my favorite artists, go follow him! -
Thinking about it, I think would make a great host for the Oscars. How is he doing in Hollywood?
cross is dumb
112- i lovelovelove your icon!!!!and your username rocks :) <U+2665>
Can March be ending already? A: Yes. Bigger Q: Now that we're down to the Final Four, who's your pick for the championship?
Baby boy is home. Christmas tree is up. It finally feels like Christmas!
This month only, check in with us on Foursquare and get 10% off! (Some restrictions apply. Call for details.)
Possibly Kris Joseph/Syracuse (Canada), lost two yesterday when Vandy got beat Ezeli & Taylor (Sweden)
Worst thing I ever did... Showed emotion
Little Nicky Raccoon was assaulted!? I hope he is alright! But you cant blame Yuna, he smells of cherries! I'd have bit him!
last year it did, yes - gave me a very hard time with 5 yr old and was traveling from CA to MA for my mother's death.
yes. what would you ask if you know someone has to answer yes?
ima take a wild guess is the suprise a vid from that day?like vids put together like austys?
whaa? I thought it was great.
Some people tell me I should write a book but I feel that anything that's worth saying can be said in a sentence.
A Pre-hispanic Mexican brunch with good company, now French-pressed Oaxacan coffee and Empanadas de Cajeta & corn Polvorones.
Just a reminder that the Lifetime #Barbie Collector online auction ends at 9 pm EST tonight. Still lots of great deals!
How'd it go, J Harris?
Are we in the month of May or October? Even the Angle of the Sun feels like fall!
Long day!
So, I've come to the conclusion.. I'm too excited too sleep!
me: (looking at mirror) hi josef! you're hot!me: No, you're hot!me:Oh please.... stop it! You!
Hey, your dogs doing the lipstick wiener thing, make it stop
The enemy of the “best” is often the “good
Take a 10-minute walk around the office/outside today during lunch to burn some extra calories and refresh your mind and body!
dont know yet i still have to get my guitar but i will let you know!
Omg i hope you get better!!
Taper? I tried! #Lakefront10 tomorrow. #Ravenswood5k Sunday. Next Saturday. A marathon week!
We can buy our way outta jail but we can't buy freedom
you are probably right. I've learned to let it all roll by.
Just act like break lights are bullseyes.
Got Papa Johns Pizza & Wings for my report card ^.^
where's the best place to buy 'royalty free' footage with dialogue online? getty images is sucking ass. help!
So ready for church tonight
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
feels like it merged with rap in a way
My friend just called an old lady a "bitch" after she yelled at him for taking her empty cart in Jewel hahahahahahahahahaha.
hey thanks for the love!
we would happily get you some #scrapple - ship it right to your door!
A Relationship=2 so can she get that through her head already.
or maybe its just a whole retro-hipster-ironic design thing I don't get. Blinking text would've been too obvious.
"why do pregnant women fart so much?" here's the answer: "baby is talking smack about momma behind her back!"
Its been a long day. I need food and sleep. That's all.
I love my dog son...
May 2012 Travel Photo: Revolutionary War Redoubt in Savannah ...
And now I feel old.
I should probably stop flooding FB with posts from r/metalmemes.
Huh? Why?!
I did not think Steve Jobs' death would affect me so strongly, but it has. I am very sad.
what do you do if you're the Rams?
Why Hellickson over Nova? Is it ERA and the fact that he was up all year?
Can you chime in on Marmol? I want to think he regains job since rest of 'pen is not impressive.
Today's the #LanternFestival, the last day of the #SpringFestival (aka Chinese New Year)! Eat lots of...sweet rice balls.
For what its worth u hosted an exceptional party, i had a lot fun thx miss thouboo, jay, and of course mama ; )
GOTTA GO WATCH MY CUZO LEAVE FOR PROM TODAY.
These fox news anchors could have caught their degrees as easily as an STD from Penn state.
Woo Hoo!!! Congrats to the awesome KCResearch staff!
RT need to get more vocal tracks. either that or more acapellas and come up with more ideas. i have too many instrumental tra...
O, Firefox 4 is fast and shiny... Love it!
Dang.. you're still single?
Royals game was pretty chill
Happy birthday to the king of the bass. Hope you all had a wonderful Easter. I am grateful for your music & it's peace.
show was too funny. cant wait to tune in next week ! lol
You might not think it's a great idea to drink a lot of wine and watch Full House on a Tuesday night, but you would be wrong because it is.
nice & glad to hear. such an important thing and often overlooked.
dude badass! But fuck when colors turn to orange >:c I hate that shit! Pink can't turn orange though c;
Ok, 20 paces and guns drawn at Club Sesso. IT'S ON cc:
I like it! Just don't get as trippy as you were at school.
.RT yep! : .RT : "If you hit a wrong note, then make it right by what you play afterwards." - Joe Pass / Jazz Guitar
Every time I make the drive from 10E-65N-85N I think to myself, "man, I really didn't miss this."
The inimitable has sung it too, so she may know of a cheap #Calisto recording.
Thank you!!! It's been great so far. Come to Old Town tonight!
ARE U KIDDIN ME U HAVENT CAME TO NORTH CAROLINA IN THE US BUT UR GONNA GO AROUND THE WORLD UGHH
10 years in the future. You see me with a ring on my hand. Who would you think I was married to? c:
Omg good thing I came home I totally forgot to turn off the air and left the sliding door open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
On way back frm Vegas. Coming up on the show tom, we caught up with former UW def end O'Brien Schofield. He talked to the team before UNLV
Time for Grilled Cheese
The garage sale is tomorrow morning at the Denver Flagship location...anyone going?
Some people get ahead in life by pushing their limits, other people get ahead by pulling strings.
I hate when people lie to me..
Happy Monday, we hope everyone had a great weekend!! We are interviewing the owner of 1 of our fav. local boutiques today, cnt wait 2 share!
In marketing to public: "writing a strategic plan" or "planning for the future?" Would you RT to get group librarian consensus?
But, if not Spurs, I'd agree on OKC. Don't see anyone else winning West. Lakers more likely to lose in 1st Round than win West.
check your DM
I'll be coming from Washington, DC, but I'm from Albuquerque. When I lived there I visited El Paso several times.
My 'BITCH QUIT LYING' face ('o__'0)
Reading tweets from KanyeWest alongside ppl paying respect to MCA. Reminds me that vanity only goes so far. True class is hard to come by.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I was also missing Ted.
I Keep Calling The Pharmacy 2 to 3 Times A day To Make Sure Prescription Refills For My “OCD” Medication Are Still There…
Today is chickenhawk mauling day! Let's get it done Tigers!
I pretend that I am really smart. I feel that 1 false move will make me fail. I touch the gates of Heaven...
I hear U. But everyone is entitled 2 their opinion. The issue is who gets 2 speak in the media on a given subject.
I miss you and ! I can't wait to come see you guys next year!
why would I take two extra shoe pad thingys bitch
cause noone ever claims orange.
Omg USA going deep. America - fuck yeah
True. RT : "Three can keep a secret if two of them are dead." ~ Ben Franklin
#truelife I just want to finish my final papers and projects and hustle my ass over to
of course u knw I always let u call ur price so u can have sum money n ur pocket.. (family first)
What did the worm want to do when he grew up?He wanted to join the Apple Core (Corps).
Your arrangement lacking some life? Put flowers that have weak stems in shallow bowls of water to get the most out of your arrangement.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions today!!
The Chairman's text at the #CPD2012 shows an utter lack of regard for many member nation's sovereign laws on abortion.
The world spins not matter what is going wrong in your day don't think it stops for you
I Love Your icon
thanks. I hope things are going just as well for you.
If you want to see some Heat slander, you have to check out the Miami Heat Facebook page. MVP slander on there right now.
Thanks for the RT!
You're welcome RT thanks for following
#grateful today
Be sure to follow today (April 2) for top 10 ways to honor Employee Benefits Day
I have a reading at the Museum of the African Diaspora (SF) on the evening of June 29th. Come meet and Twitter.
In thee #amount we trust
Likewise, and thank you for taking an interest.
thanks for the reminder. We'll miss you in
What are you waiting for?
A good bagel and lox makes even the most gloomy day awesome!
Heard great things about your gym from #Keep up the good work!!
Thanks for the RT "US Navy Band #BrassQuintet to Perform... "
Everything ive been working & waiting for has been totally shut down now WOW :(
I know! They should never take a whole month break again! I was having withdraws! Lol
we have several years of photos and we have had same folks on our team for years
oh no! lol.
Get Drunk like a Kennedy
Oh! congrats on your newspaper write up! Full page! You go girl!
guy is playing amazing grace on bagpipes. It sounds like someone brought amazing grace into garage band and clicked the "shittify" filter
corr. music director and cares about the health and prosperity of Austin musicians & #livemusic clubs! Deserving of your vote!
“: S/O to the kids not goin to prom!! #thatsme” #lame!
2day was my 5th day @ the gym this week. Yay! :) (even though yesterday I kinda went kicking & screaming...)
Thank you, sir.
Now Playing: Dogs by Damien Rice
Always interesting to see law professors use computer analogies to better explain the law. We've come a long way.
What a fantastic day.
Ohh Mr. Joe. I hope the dolphins dont steal our QB but if they do it's ok my buddies are huge Dolphin fans & that's my #2/3
yo Ryan, can you help me put and give me a shoutie?luv ya!thx -Ashley:)
If some1 realli loves you they wouldn't let u slip away, no matter how hard the situation is.
Proof ? Why prove myself to you ?
If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price. ~ Unknown
where yhu go??
RT “: "Violence Against Women Act shouldn't include protections for LGBT people because "those are side issues"”
So does a person try to tell corporate that learning Sass/LESS or any other CSS framework is worth their money?
I'm low on motivation and high on fat. How can I reverse that?
Who doesn't? ": I heart Hannah Storm.”
Hehe I don't have ISTEP or NWEA anymore (; But I do have a big math test :p.
I love you :) mwuah!
It isn't your business if he is fucking other women or not!
For my great grandfather, disconnected from his "family" because he was passing for white, this is an important day too.
YOU TOO :DD
you need to hangout, with RokkstarMoneyGang lil lady lol
AGREE! Try indoor gardening. It's just as much fun, if not more. Cheers :)
I wonder what happened to our friendship ):
that's cool haha. U 2 tight or nah
One thing I love seeing is when a player is on the ground, and someone from the other team helps them up.
Nightmare on elm street is some scary stuff! 1 2 freddy's coming for you 3 4 better lock your door! Don't fall asleep! :((
Lucky you don't have to go to school!
Oh yes! mine goes up to 25 well liquid. but at PR we use the cylinders.
If u haven't ordered your #Easter flowers yet, it's not too late. We are open til 4:00today so stop in!
Now I know who sings that song Michael Tilon lol .
YOUR SPIFFY BABES
I'm actually seriously planning on going early next year to visit some people. We can make this trip a reality if you're up for it!
Nothing's better than a good doggy tackle to ruin the pup's training.
Great to connect with you ! Keep on rockin' your poetic magic.
“: real hiphop is not dead it just packed up and moved to europe” but coming back to momma!
Busy having Chorizo translate tweets for me.
My mom's the only persinward earth who still watches survivor& when asked who she wanted to win she said "none, theyre all bitches"
part of the trouble we have is the 6 of us have different priorities and privacy concerns and on one tools covers it all
that girl is sick.
great job meeting your exercise goal with stickK, keep up the good work.
let's spice it up??
it's been a while! stop by the booth and say hi (I should be there in about an hour). South upper SU9115.
So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
Okay....I'm going to stop whining about my day now.
How did I miss this?! RT : If I had a dollar every time you made fun of me... I need !
" u do bronze
what u said to peace
How am i gonna get along with the wife until the show? i cant wait until Pesach, it might be too late by then
just told story about how to get rid of a dead body at
TY! MT : Happy Thanksgiving
My phone only charged to 99% this morning. This is gonna bother me all day....
Doors OPEN NOW! Get down here for the Biggest party this place has EVER SEEN!! T-Minus 3 Hours!
Rant! How come foreign athletes can get their papers to work at the drop of a dime but regular folks have to hide and wait in line? #Money?
Kid Rock must be an Adult Rock by now.
And thats why it's called an individual you are not attached by the side
So glad came and visited me at work. I hope he doesn't care I left myself a $50 tip on his receipt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
The gym is always great and all, but damn I just wanna play some hockey
Been there done that
I'm having a mimosa flavored one now. It's awesome.
T.H.E Grotto Uprizen is formerly BIGG SCII PRODUCTIONS..thanks
Long line at panera so I do my shopping first. Done shopping, still long line. Boo.
-just learning how to "retweet" and "quote tweet" some of my favorites now!
Paul: From Toronto I tweet for TCC Just recommended people follow you. John Plumpton
Many thanks to everyone who came out for the #nyudh #dhdebates talk (& to all who tweeted). Honored to be part of 's inaugural event
I text like it's going out of style, so I've got an unlimited txt/pix plan on my phone. But I just finally got it set up right. I like it!
you've been on a quote jag today. Are you trying to get inspired for something?
I FOUND A NEBULA!! <333
just been busy busy busy!
Shiny Toy Guns performs in a few mins at the #pvhouse next!! Come by & check them out
RT Also all placemarks look alike. Maybe need some kind of word cloud projected on a map instead
You two pioneers. Get rid of that covered wagon! Join the 20th Century! Live the dream!
Go. Away. Fat man.
Perfect drunk text! #saturdaynight no letters missed!
U.S. Senate Republicans killed measure to ended $2B in oil tax breaks for BP, Exxon, Shell, Chevron and ConocoPhillips. They profited $137B.
Criss Cross around the World! Even More Downloads for last wk:#Indonesia, #Netherlands, #Bolivia, #Jordan & #China (3 of 3)
They can brew their Wedding Beer here with us!
LOL! And we saw how that helped his career
It is a very good sign that she made it through the night and active this morning. Hope you are doing ok.
Not non human but SLSA in Milwaukee
Where's the hottest party this weekend?
It's official--you should be the only person to interview ever. Loved your questions! Honestly is my fave, too.
I like to have the latest software and it was difficult to personally keep up with the Master Suite upgrades every year.
How can you expect the unexpected because if you expect it its not unexpected.
That makes sense. They are so 2faced!
don't call it a comeback, i've been here for years
#TimeWarnerCable once again I'm not happy w/ u. None of my shows DVRed tonight! Really ?
I have a hard time believing that George Zimmerman could outrun Trayvon Martin and catch him. Trayvon was younger and 5 inches taller
I know...this has been the longest 2 hours ever! Watching Law and Order CI to pass the time... Go Rams!
Thank you bubble wrap for being the perfect way to test for crazy.
10, one full division of 10. So less players left in yours
A beautiful, amazing, lovely distraction I am happy to have found. But a distraction nonetheless.
Jesus' death tells us two things: that we are bad enough to need saving, but ultimately good enough to be worth saving.
Understand the feeling. We can drown our shared sorrow in a drink next week!
how are you today???
It's TEXAS. what else is there to do?
Obviously meant losing yards, not loosing. Flint hits 34 yarder, Ducks up 37-33.
Happy Friday the 13th! have a good weekend.
Wondering how I should decorate my room...I finally have a bed though! #BabySteps c:
RT : "Every sinner has a future, every saint has a past."
Wow. It waits nineteen class meetings before mentioning intervals.
You can do it!
I can't stand when "grown" men whine n complain like a child!
Rock out with Hans Olson this weekend! Friday & Saturday night 6:30-9:30pm
Today we finished the Active Directory migration in Dallas, did some remote support for customer in Villa Rica, then fixed a network outage.
No Light, No Light-Florence and the Machine
#ReasonsImADirectioner The Boys Are So Damn Hot..And Have Incredibly Sexy Voices
Well, there *was*...not anymore! ;)
Hehe you still remeber her? Oh and anyways shes doin awesome too i talked to her yesterday
Haircut edge up. I'm fresher than a 33 degree can of Sprite!
Met Rahm Emmanuel at Whole Foods Lincoln Park Chicago.
All too well! (she said humbly, recalling some painful moments...)
you be everywhere though!
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble
two days till my Birthday
Great win vs JMU. Thanks for letting my daughters team, Spotsy Sting, play at halftime. They had a great time!
and its drowning out the presenter
just tied camden's 87 my record is better than his still so is all good
Happy Birthday pops!!!!
#fridayreads Linger by Hopefully #sundayreads will include Forever.
Wouldn't it be awesome if it had been on Blackboard for like more than a month in that whole Google AdWords PDF?
we are on bleecker and carmine
RT “: At the end of the day, is just me myself & I”
a desk covered in paper... and two computers (a Mac laptop/Dell PC)... what's wrong with this picture?
Hathi Trust: tools for non expressive uses. "You can read but not understand" which prohibits supervised machine learning
You are quite the world traveller.
Super-secret VIP party @ Zocalo Back Bay Boston Wednesday night from 5PM to 7:30PM. RSVP to
My commute's become my Cleopatra. Is that lucky, or what?
USA,Georgia...
wanna come with me right now?? :)
McNabb should make HOF, or perhaps get a Noble prize, for years of being a classy guy dealing with all those garbage Philly fans.
don't worry, siblings pepperoni and cippolini are too young to tweet
Nice. Congrats! RT : It's official: I'm moving to San Francisco to cover tech startups for / Can't wait!
In honor of my birthday, once again I will be updating twitter for every two drinks I have tonight.
mph winds must have been something to behold!
First AND last name: Ram Hin. Hope to gah that this person is a dude and in gay porn!!!
Phone sourcing is the fastest way to results. Contact us today for a FREE suggested list of target companies for your job 513 899 9628
congrats! :D
ESPN should sue Pitt for having to do extra work during their games to make it look like people showed up.
Thanks for the follow back Tina, love the name Supermom, look like you have a hand full and also love every min of it. (cont)
no problem! Have fun!<3
if that matchup happens you need to skip your first day of work and we need to be there.
Hello everyone :)
Hello St. Louis... 1st time here so nice to meet you :)
Actually working on an album now. I never got back to u about ur beats man but I didnt write to your beats
Here I go, making the Diversity page all direct and emotional.
Altitude took our usual table
If not, there's always TS.tv + ecourses ;) MT : I wonder if it'd be crazy to moove to DC just so I can go to classes
just finished a monsterous Chipotle burrito from the new location near my home in Littleton. Thanks Chipotle for opening one near here!
Thank you for viewing tonight! We pray that you were blessed until the next time Heaven smile upon is our prayer. See you Sunday at 1115!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 60F FAIR
Not a thing, you? Hey sorry I never texted ya back I was in the middle of something then kind of forgot =/
me too. I've been unsuccessful
Fresh, Local, & Delicious! :)
Oh, sorry, technically it was a *hologam*.
ha! Lens flare tool in Illustrator.
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier.
Would you like to join the movement ? Join it by following !
IT BEEN A GREAT DAY!!!
Seeing good friend Riddles show his DJ skills tonight. Should be fun.
I am sure you prepared for Hurricane Irene! Did you prepare the same way for your children that are heading back to school?
Rain, Rain Go Away & are going to beat some Cards today!! Go Cats!!
Thanks for the follow Johan. Follow me on for any concerns. #DellListens!
Nobody is perfect but your perfect for me
Ah! I catch up on tweets and see you're all set with ! :)
Night sexy people of twitter #your beautiful :)
also I get very tired of those hanging metal cylinders that they swish to indicate 'now we are being ethereal' in pop music.
#new mixtape coming soon
Who needs an alarm clock when Bob Hope Airport keeps sending planes ten feet over my house every morning? sheesh!
don't ever scared me like that again I need you around I love you more
Does Connie Britton use a picture of you for Twitter purposes?
#HeadlinerFridays at Greenhouse will be the most talked about party in NYC. || ||
Yay!!! No school this whole week, so that means its time for a jump off mix !
Edge of my seat on Drag race!
Stem Cells Used by Medical College Researchers to Study Cardiovascular Disease
haha nice plug! I will be watching 5/20 at 9pm on my home course aka my couch of #AmericanNinjaWarrior on
Still, I don't blame the English department. Students just need to be more flexible in their thinking about writing.
Good morning, everyone! CEA Conference is over and back to normal. It is the birthday of Hans Christian Anderson!
Made chicken alfredo while my baby took off 3 diapers, discovered she stuck my lost work badge in the dvd player, and didn't lose my mind..
SXSW Gig at East Avenue Lounge Tuesday from 8:00 - 9:15! Be there so we can rock your faces off!
where are you off to?
I'm excited. Both times, it's seemed like a great place to be...now just to graduate haha!
Good ? , do you know? I noted 4K prop are partly or totally tax-exempt. MT : how many are city or church prop?
Q1: we try to go to bed early
great and you?
wonder what else people are doing?
Love those guys are rock solid.
Don't complain about someone not trusting u if you're not acting trustworthy.
same here girl
Yeah I can see him being evil
Class cancelled Friday due to Homecoming Parade. See email for details about presentation schedule for next week.
I should be in Austin about 9pm!
Always working! that and drinking coffee...
Is there a worse public speaker than Dr. Taylor?
And we're looking at ways to bring Handsome Coffee to EE and ARX!
is planning her digital research project and getting herself organized in terms of her NPS internship reading!
A lot of our ancestors would love to live in this time right know. B4 you do or say something make sure it means something.
haha. But it might be a good thing if we agree, I mean you could always use my help. Lol
#Konfront ; with a capital k ;
Wow, that mail is looking really dramatic in black and white.
I've been watching your TL. I hope you're good homie. <3
I've collected $165 for the Aids Walk this week. I think that's a good job considering how cheap people are with their money.
Thanks! I've added it to my favorites. Still sad I won't be driving by it anymore.
I'm Out Y'all
Just saw a pigeon on tv and screamed Kevin, my sister looked at me like I was insane...
Our work is done! I'm out! Have a blessed evening my friends.
You know you're making the most out of your #sxsw experience when the guy at the free food truck recognizes you.
#mscdeng3510 folks: consider your invention processes & how you learned them. Are they still developing? Have they become routine?
Sorry to here. 87 in San Antonio-Low 2nite of 70 Gotta love May in Wisconsin...40 and rainy, likely snow tonight. Boo earns...
Hella happy got my new phone
I Did.!(: Can You DM Vinny Please.?(:
I might be up there
you are too smart for your own good! it worked and you have been tagged on facebook!
I miss my kiddos being babies.
no, sorry I meant TMZ. I heard Nina say on a interview with our local radio station(Portland OR) that it could be over.
Me has a feeling with Tomlin and Hannahan are back fully healthy in a week or two. We see LaPorta called up and Mcallister and Lopez gone.
Matt Moore pitched like a seasoned vet tonite. We are going to need him to like this to have a chance to advance deep.
ha yes thanks. I was escaping the heat in the cool lobby of the hospital.
Is this your plan for me? Teutonic Plague?
haha, my other one, Avery, acts just like
Winner of the Above & Beyond #GroupTherapy Show will be announced tomorrow! Thanks for entering and Good Luck!
I swear I feel the ground move A LOT!!!!
When your pregnant , you don't wanna deal with more kids !
I see a wild finish on the horizon. What a comback for Tiger though.
then why'd you retweet it? And I do..
": ¿<U+0279><U+0259><U+0287><U+0250><U+028D> <U+0279><U+0259>pun <U+028E><U+0279><U+0254> o<U+0287> <U+0259>lqissod <U+0287>i si" ... Yes it is , that's where the salt comes from ... That's deep bro!
Rainy day in Boston...Good thing I bought the
i went to west high they ain't teach me how to spell!
Upper Middle class to rich, yes. it does pretty much nothing to help those on the margin of homeowning.
GREAT picture.
semi what do u think of that name
Unless you have an extremely AWESOME one! which i def have to fill you in on...
MT : Last chance to get your copy of THE KENTUCKY DERBY signed B4 Saturday. Go to to see from 7-9.
Lol at world peace playing football on the basketball court
You should follow your Army (;
Horizon Technology Finance to Present at the 11th Annual JMP Securities Research Conference
It's as if Santorum really thinks Democrats in MI voted for him because they want him to be president...
Thanks for the heads up Joe, we will do our best to give a help.
Happy Birthday to Ruth Otero - A great woman, a Great actress. Come celebrate and see her show Wed night! www.myonepersonshow.com
Whooohoooo! So proud of you guys, professional writer!
Taco Tuesday is never boring!
Thank you, Joe. Doesn't seem real yet. So, so sad.
I've had a pretty good day today. Finishing this night watching the and watching some NHL w/my bros & :-)
race does not affect penis size...google it LOL
y u say i got a spam account thas crazy n weird is ur account a spam account probably is
Life would be pretty boring without a little crazy.
What is your reaction to Hundreds of students demand Obama pass the DREAM Act & also demand Obam leg…
#ESPNWBB idk how you can mention top underclassmen without mentioning
Do u like or dislike Smackdown?
Life is hard but love is sad but God put love life earth a great Thang
alcohol boarding?
Perfect! You are all set!
why just okay? Lol
Ready to fit into those skinny jeans? Now's your chance to save on the F7 Fold Away Gym- Learn About Our Special Offer!
#GOP Billionaire$/Buffoon$ R Betting,Bribing&Buying ALL #GOP VOTERS w #Turdblossom #kochbros Corporate Ca$h 2 DISTRACT&DENY YOUR
Would you guys mind a 5 minute video? #tizfunnyz (;
"Garnett's feet was set so it doesn't matter that he moved his upper body on the screen its not a foul." Yes! It was a foul!
Wow lol RT : #Pisces have more stamina than the Energizer® Bunny. They just keep going and going and going :)
Billy Currington - Good Directions... Amazing song :)
it is a state ID, not expired, and not mine. Just want to give a colleague a congrats drink!
I just love the show #undercoverboss & I'm so glad #OWN picked it up!!!
yes I have! Computers need a reboot once in a while. Who's to say we don't either. Hope tomorrow is better.
i'm shuffling my ipod and not changing any songs.
I'm only mildly embarrassed to admit I think the Hunger Games soundtrack--w Neko Case, the Civil Wars, and Punch Brothers--is kind of great.
No not like that, only as a bad influence friend. Hm the thought of him being a bad boy stirs the imagination! :p
Welcome new music followers!
Waddup Bro.. Been a decade. Who you shopping for these days?
Wow people who work at salons in LA live in a very small world. Cracking up.
Oliva Cigars event Thurs Oct 27th 4-8pm the main event is at Rockville but the Oliva specials available at all 3 Signature Cigars stores!
the cars sound so much better with out all this off-throttle difusser krap....
if you bypass your own router and run the speed test again, do you get better speed?
I've moved to | Totally done with
if you want to buy a custom fetish clip... I'm pretty amazing. Contact me via here. :)
I love you too, babe ;P
I feel like I'm bad luck but when shit happens that's life
did the other team not show?
All comfy, watching a movie.. only thing missing is youu. Early bedtime tonight
Kerouac wrote a haiku that goes "Useless! Useless! Rain, falling in the ocean." Does that apply?
#FridayFightAgainst not seeing your freestyle video
we are very conscious of this. We are also confident it will evolve over time. Our sangha is getting younger. This is a good thing
Small price to pay for no soul
Recv'd 100 press releases for diet experts today. My fav health advice is from Eat. Real. Food.
Looks like it's time to hang the mic up, going no where fast... Thanks to those who had my back, time to move on... Haan
I plan on pr for regionals right then pr for finals the state break all the records of the events I running in
We are committed to bring a significant change to help youth prosper while in foster care & eventually find a permanent home.
Teaching an Inclusive Business Model class at UW's Foster School of Business, and remembering just how alien the concept is for many......
Apartment hunting is not fun. at. all.
#Leadership is releasing the talent, passion and intellect of those around you.
glad u choose to celebrate your special day at CUMIN!
Back in the day if a nigga reached it was for the weapon, nowadays if a nigga reach its to sell they record.
the FED or by use of Gray screen or BIS.
free the west memphis three today!!!
twitters poppin around this time.
that doesn't sound good.
don't know about that one.
ah. That's 6pm my time?
back to school tomorrow ugggghhh
I was taking a flight to Florida & saw. Bunch of girls going 2 a conf. For Mary Kay on plane, they <3'd it, said $$ were good!
I'm basically signing with you at work cause this girl is 19 and a jazz dancer..so strange!
am so jealous! no snow in the forecast here.
ying yang twins radio>>
no question
Energy and persistence alter all things. ~Ben Franklin
Six Ks, 65 pitches through 5 inn for Greinke, who has only made the one mistake on the double by Stubbs.
we are a band.
Come stop by ! RT Having some and catching up on emails and rsvp's. How's everyone's morning going?
I'm not going to show any interest in you if you can't even hold a conversation.
it's also bad when you have kids that wake up without understanding what time the clock says.
Learn the risks and rewards of investing in the future of energy
But you KNOW u want one...
On Doctor's Day, one of my vendors took me to lunch and my boss gave me 2 bottles of wine!!!!
Celebrating my Bday with some of my favorite DC restaurants: , & That's right...I get 3 Bday meals
oh no...where am I going?
Something's gotta give. Change is good right?
I am single but it's not about bein single get your mind out the gutter lol
a model of holiday flexibility
She gets to have all the boys of PF camp with her. :(
I see you're giving away The God of Small Things. Did you read it, and if so did you like it?
Drank some brown fluid they called 'coffee' followed by some orange stuff they called 'juice.' Suspicious of the water, which is crimson.
10-0! That game last night was close. , call me. I have some plays in mind we should discuss.
Streaming performance What a great set
'Rent in regards to percent of sales should be under 10%' Frank White of New Markets
We're reached 59 Facebook Fans! Who will be number 60? www.facebook.com/InnerHarmonyTherapyServices
Q: What is the difference between an illegal immigrant and E.T.? A: E.T. eventually went home!
M pizza finally lol
Thanks! We love the support....and BBQ!
oh no
Got confused and tried to find the "Like" button next to a tweet.
FREDDiE ASS JUST ALMOST KiLLD US OVER A DAMN BUG &&ND SLAPPED THE SHiT OUT OF HiSSELF!!!!..THAT WAS THE FUNNiEST SHiT EVER!..KMSL!!!
If your a true belieber show UR support by following me and Thanks for the support guys #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER;)
First day of classes <U+2639> third semester here I come
Touring has made me come to realize that I have a short attention span.
over to this #Lakers #Thunder game.
Follow my girl
No wrinkles = no makeup = 99.9% white ppl have wrinkles while 52.5% black ppl have craters smh
“: you want to get fingered?? Lol” just like Freddy...
Check out today's film-method.com podcast!
sweet- tues should be good! will confirm over the weekend :)
coolin at work.. watchin time fly by... bye
We r currently looking to contract with couriers. If u have your own vehicle and insurance, please email
I best be seeing you tomorrow. After all, you're in highschool now :D
Are you sweating the Heat?
Mark Pogue is our audition #3 at Radiant Studios with and
The Stones,brew and a beautiful summer night #can'tbeatit
Every time Im in my car and Adele "rumor has it" comes on the radio I turn into a sassy black woman
your tweets have been making me painfully sad lately haha
I sia doh hey mike Gordon thnx for that n he said idk why pool wanna shake my hand I just went to the bathroom n I said thnx...
“: I need someone to come cater to me!”smh!!!
Looking for a #Cleveland stuffed animal maker. Help?
Monday all 8th are $40 no tax...Sour Diesel
RT : The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be. Being alive is the meaning~Joseph Campbell
This is my last month in the apartment I've lived in for five years.
S/O to and good people!
A dream is a wish the heart makes
Hello Tourists!!Breckenridge is packed...DJ Cyn Spinnin at The MotherLoaded Tavern Tonight! Its $3 Whiskey Wednesdays...I start around 9pm!
Every morning as a #recycle artist, my brain races with ideas. It is good to create! check us out www.artisansgonegreen.com
I can't lose bitch im so use to winning....bang bang
I really enjoyed the tarred and feathered part the best.
Yaaay, thanks haha(: you deserve a lot more susbcribers! I hope you get 500 soon :D
and for some places/people giving up that control is a major roadblock
What are you trying to say. Just be blunt!
Nice game for the Pens in Philly. Tune in tomorrow for the Caps v Rangers. Go Caps
me too
just wrote it... it sucked. #thewireseasonsix fucit.. i have other ideas.k?
It's National Library Week, where are my librarian themed presents!?!
“: Just finished a run with ... so hot and exhausting, but we managed to get it done! Whew!” thanks
#AwkwardMomentWhen there's a house party on your street and you weren't even invited.
Snowing in Sandia Park & in Los Lunas, brrrrrr.....Perfect for decorating the tree and watching movies tonight.
did you know cars move on their own?
He Godda Big Dick & Know How To Use It .
Thank you so much for posting my piece
Find out where Rania is cooking from and meet some of the Disney On Ice characters who stopped by on today's show - we'll see you at 9!
watched 21 jump street, lmao good movie, and i won $100 at the casino
wasn't overkeen of AC/DC's Black Ice Album, until this afternoon.... ROCK ON.
Awww is adorable in Bring it On! She looks so different!
Great works R performed, not by strength, but by perseverance. ~ Samuel Johnson
What Do I Do After I like It?
God bless the broken road, that led me straight to you
This video is beyond amazing.
Outdoor filming tomorrow downtown(ish)- in semi dressy attire- temp is looking to be 99 degrees w/out factoring in the heat index. Oy vey.
The language of sharing.'RT' didn't exist when twitter 1st went online. Like giving academic acknowledgment
sounds good to me, sometimes I read it that way anyway!!
heey can you do me a favor? Its for a good cause!(:
“: Well, questionable calls already... Wait, aren't they in okc building???” - u whine about the refs more than anybody I know. Smh
Novacane numb the pain.
Billboard near Fargo: BE POLITE. Shouldn't they say please?
damn that pretty good we were undefeated until our last two district games
Have fun at the game! RT Spending the day in the heart of the city and then Bulls game tonight!
Niggaz tweeting about these Jordan's #concords like they red bottoms
Hit us up for tickets to our show Thursday Nov. 11 @ Soma in San Diego W/ Jeffree Star, It Boys and DEV (fly like a G6). $12.
It was kind of a theme!
why in the world is Lucas in the game right now?
Today I picked up a temp handicap parking sticker and can't weightbear on my L leg, yet I'm signing up for a half marathon. #Ibelieve!
I've honestly been thinking about it. It would make my mom's day, for sure. Heck, her year.
Get ready for tonight's game!!!!!
are you? Today is my birthday and I want a gift like that if I could follow would be one of the best gifts for my birthday
What Channel & When Are The AMAs On ?? ANYONE.?!!??!
Thanks for all the RTs on the video!
oh no! What happened??
Waiting for Pretty in Pink to start at Crown Center.
PLEASE stop misspelling the name of the song in this automated tweet you keep sending! It's JitterBUG Waltz not Jitterbut.
Just landed in New Orleans. Can't wait to see what this place is like on St. Patrick's Day and round 2 of March Madness.
Haha, well I'll be there in one week's time!
I ask my Children to say their Prayers .One Prayed God stop all the Wars except on my Video Games.lol
The question: in a world where knowledge and teachers are nearly ubiquitous ... what changes? We are in THE MOMENT.
I just go w/ laughing at them because it's like arguing with a child who feels like they were wronged on the playground
thank mister wan.
bout to call it a night got a full day ahead of me tommorrow
“: Allow me to remind you who runs shit. Me.”
that is very impressive as well!
Yael's right. I did a story a while back soliciting new flag designs for KC. At least a dozen were way cooler.
ahem like me xD
if it's a library job, try I Need A Library Job (see fbook).
: U know silly!
When youre in Madison, WI, make sure you check out
Donor & frequent WH visitor Barbara Walters to #Obama on #TheView: They say you're cool & aloof but you've been here 4 times & always warm.
This smell.. it's making me go into a dream-like state, my head is clouded, and I can't think straight. It isn't a bad feeling, honestly.
You know you smoke a lot of weed when you come to a point in your life where you wonder if you should have dreads.
S/O to Driving through your neck of the woods.
Hey Algren winners, what role does wit play in your stories?
Let us know if you need any help. We can easily match you with the scholarships you're most likely to win on our website.
oh r u serious?!? Lol
Now I can watch golf for a while. Thank "God."
then another one was hair loss and he said ' well i don't have a lot of hair on my head but i have a bunch in my jeans' EWW GROSS.
you didn't get a ticket!?
Big win in the Little Dance! RT : Leggo UMASS!
Vintage Shins tunes make up for disappointing lack of dogs at Starbucks this a.m.
A cute gray and white cat appeared outside my window. My little tabby was not happy.
well, we haven't made our movie debut yet, but keep your eyes peeled for an Oscar-worth game of fetch.
better make my money lol
welcome. Happy to help.
Peyton wasn't too happy bout that sack
Follow us for updates on the upcoming Thompson Library re-opening in August!
I'm not a star, somebody lied... I gotta choppa in the car...uh uh.
Everthing they're saying is true. Your music is just so real/true/beautiful just like your spirit.
Happy Founders Day to our sisters at ! Sigma Sigma Sigma was founded on April 20, 1898!
Today is the day! See you all at the Rail Club in Ft. Worth!
ha! You're like the fifth guy in my anecdotal survey who hates wedges. and nah, mary janes are cute.
Switching gears to be in the shop tomorrow, fri and sat! Excited about 's espresso in house and visiting with JSJ fans.
I want to be your boyfriend!!
thank you
“: George Karl should've never said JaVale reminds him of Kareem...”. Kareem Who??? Rush??
WatchN Zimmerman in court right now tryN to get out on bail..btw, i want a few million $ while ur@ it..
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. Shakespeare
Awesome, thanks!
I don't really have strong feelings for any of the teams today - but I really hope the best man wins!
Thank you for the RT! I hope you enjoy the story. It's dark and evil.
looking to get ur local company listed in Google Maps our company writes optimized listing that pull urs to the top www.seyboldinc.com
I'm not that stupid dumbass..
omg that made me laugh a lot :D. That was really funny :D hehehe
that should be an incredible amount of fun
Like I'm giving it up for a donut! RT : It's a home shutout! Your ticket is good for 1 FREE donut at participating !
Looking forward to it!
Nasty memories of 9/11 and aftermath - I get so sick of every American on this day. (Present company excepted)
Fabulous night of #winetasting with my Love <3
Words can't describe how much i love you . <3
Buffett'll tough it. Here's to hoping for a speedy recovery and a significant investment towards finding a cure.
Thank you so much. Every once in a while I have to get on my soapbox. LOL
im a cancer and cancers do a lot of impressive
You will! You'll give me an A, right? :)
WERE TRENDING #BoyzAreBack OKAY.
Always good when you find something of pretty important significance to your research and it isn't even 11:00AM.
It's great watching Bill Self and Roy Williams try to undercoach each other
With so much drama in the LBC it's kinda hard bein' Snoop D-O double-G.
is an extremely funny man!
Just saw a guy talking to a fire hydrant, weird haha
I had such a great time shooting the 2008 magalog!
hahaha you know it! Can't wait to putt-putt
Working at a coffee shop. Great way to spend a beautiful afternoon.
TY nothing IS going to stop me now PREPARE 4 THE RUSH
Get your free YouTown T-Shirt at our booth!
{face palm} I feel your pain Honey.
Find ways to reduce your staying costs on a vacation.
Me: "it sounds like you're rapping girls outside, shut up." Neighbor: "sorry, u should come join!" Thanks but I think I'll pass this time.
If anybody is not subscribed to , they should be
I have some travel budget for a tech conference that I need to spend. Needs to happen before June. Any suggestions?
No hate I swear check my block list
I just looked at one #oomfs retweets just now and I realized I don't like to make eye contact when having sex
Would loved to share an art studio with you one day!
goodbye yellow brick road
SundanceAutos thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Probably much higher social & *political* literacy rates in 1776
Save your breath...You'll need it to blow up your date.
hey wtz up
My ticket is purchased!
Bronchitis=inflammation. Turmeric=supposed anti inflammatory. Is a tsp enough? Good science, right?
But the good ones go..
Hmm..worthwhile RT : The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core & building your existence on it ~ D Chopra
Same here! Sorry I missed my name in lights!
Last chance to answer today's question! We will RT one at random! Today's question: What was the first song you ever heard?
Lakers center Andrew Bynum scored 20 points with 14 rebounds and 1 assists in a loss to the Thunder
aye thats how we do in san marcos! Hahah you can get me some chicken E next time we hang bro!(:
He just looked so sad, sitting there gobbling his peaches and thinking about Clan of Xymox 7" that he can't find ANYWHERE
For #earthday I'm #decluttering by getting rid of all my "how to make the perfect #tacos" books" and recycling them. #tacos are innate
Have there been any #Trayvon-esque incidents reported in your local media? I'm doing a research project & would love to know deets, links
It is impossible to win the race unless you venture to run, impossible to win the victory unless you dare to battle. -Richard DeVos
according to one of the root causes of tag mismanagement: laziness
A2: If there is a sidewalk, we'll be running down it! :) Summer time Chi! :)
good night with :D
Good experience Thanks for the conversation.
Austin's turning 16 in like a hour. brb crying
is live... AND it has a push notification bug. brilliant! i feel your pain
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth. #RedSox lead is now 6-1.
did you ever know that you're my hero
Yea it does!
Niall! Why are you always in my dreams?!? (;
LOVE= You La Me.. I La You.. #TheEND# {ItsSIMPLE..DON'T make It HARD}
Greatest of luck, I hope all goes well
Our panelists are Anne Benge, Unisource Solutions, Inc. Kelli Clear HR Dir for Barney & Barney
-- wrapped around / this world's flower / hazy moon #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
it was great to meet you! be sure and check in next time you're stateside!
Is it crazy I want to do push-ups between mixing songs tonight? I have all this pent-up energy...
thanks a bunch!!
fuckkk. i was doing hw and i closed the wrong page -.-
Congrats ladies! Screenshots? RT : It's our dress!
yeah, but the new update fixed that. Me and are in the 140's
Just found the rainbow at the end of this awfully cloudy day
Last day as UTSA's University Archivist today. It was my first job out of library school and I'll miss it.
About to lead the Pledge.
pretty flowers :)
Congrats! :) And good luck on exams! :)
heck yeah I checked it out it's great. Thanks for checking mine out too!
Ha! Our game makes more sense now!
I can't respect someone who gives themselves the name Diablo Cody.
i just forwarded you the dj pack for precise single "it's on me" clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
All you need to do now is trade in your mini for a pickup truck with extra large wheels and then you're set, lol!
Dear Pinterest, When you are broke we can't work or be distracted. Please get fixed! -Thanks Pink Media, LLC
A change is gonna come.
Aw, you were kidding? A-duh. Great song though.
Busy, Busy week coming up!!!!!!!
Holy shit! ESPN First Take is now 45 minutes into sucking off/bashing Tim Tebow. Leave the kid alone and talk about something else.
That's true. So why not do a gag order?
If I barley have time for my boyfriend and myself what makes people think I have time for they ass
US Senate votes today on the President's "Buffett Tax Bill" affects only those making more than $2M/year. - JDG
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like You... But You're A Hoe... Hoes Are Liked Not Loved...
I got your DM and I DM'ED back hope you see it
holy moly-what company to be in! Thank you! Was thinking the other day about how amazing you are and how much you inspire me!
YES! "Pink&Purple" is going to be available on every digital download site (iTunes Amazon extra.)
RT : Schoenthaler: Preserving Dig Herit fr NDIIPP: "fear of loss fr all stakeholders" & “think of the Baghdad Battery”
I have a cat&he's sexier.
Thank you for the follow. I really like your philosophy of "plant and sow". Incredibly true.
Today is my 19th birthday!
Great Bon Jovi concert at the Chicago United Center tonight!
Indonesian health minister dies from lung cancer - Sin Chew Jit Poh
What the lick read?
thank you sissy!!
is my idol too
“: "Restoring the American Dream: Getting Back to Work" @ 8p Sun - how to grow jobs quickly.”
u ain't gonna do nuffin!
Sushi is my new favorite food.
I don't think I can listen to sports talk radio anymore. Everything is always the #bottomline with these callers.
I thought the voice was gonna be she was perfect.well Congrats.!
In explaining #java to me, : "Each time you open a program, it's recreated and not frozen in time." He just killed my Sims.
Dear haters, why spending your time on hating someone when you can spend your time on loving someone?
My talk with >> I love her so much, no one will ever understand. She is my big sister.<U+E328><U+E00E><U+E418><U+E429>
Getting ready for the #WCGAPS Investigation of Casey Moore's evidence review today..should be exciting to see what we caught on video...
What joy it is to pray & to feel Gods love
RT : ah man! im excited.
#1ThingIfindSexy is a great smile :)
Anyone up for some #madwriting this afternoon?
God i hate my sister with a passion... #GoAway #I'mBeingSerious
So very true. My love of traveling will have to take a back seat (although shopping has a new, fun twist!).
just imagine what it will be like in 15 years where there are that many new people that live here. #transitnow!
Firing up Market Samurai - simply the best, most powerful tool I've ever seen for finding profitable micro niches.
You were given this life because you are strong enough to live it.
Just sitting @ home watching The movie Shooter. This movie is big time..
its true that you can unfollow, but ideally no one should have to.
I'm thinking that Roger Goodell was a bit annoyed.
Damn the #brunsl lose
"Where the Streets Have No Name" blaring on sound system at Oriole Park, making me think of
yep... Loser
Told my daughter this over the weekend! So true. RT : "I hold that it is none of my business what people think of me." - Ashley Judd
Be- common
us/non-us split?
Someone bring me food
so is that his nickname u gave him? He must really like milk. Can't wait to c how funny he is
Stupid freaking phone has to ruin everything -.-
do I want to know?
Jealous! Always forget to check in when I'm drinking wine :-)
Hey Ralph<U+263A>
It's all about who you know... *kisses ass to nearest cougar*
Yea looks like a super nice lineup this year. MM headlining though? <
I love it Tyson!!! SO IMPORTANT! Keep spreading the word and feel free to ask any questions! Blessings, Kerry
Happy Holidays!
; once again she assuming. just cause yah last bitch was trifflin, don't put me in the category w/ that hoe. cause I'm ME.
It wasn't easy but we did okay. Fingers were a little frozen but the show must go on. Haha. How was ur weekend?
The jobs keep coming in! Mail Clerks needed in #glenallen #va and an entry-level #clerical position in #fortworth #texas! Contact me!
You look just like her!
Every web page has the potential to rank well in search engines and draw traffic from other sources
RT": he'd cut your balls off. #backfired" touché.
having a wonderful time but can't get my phone to let me retweet what you said! Fun at Garage Bar!
Why am I Twittering? I should be writing. Now I feel like I'm slacking off if I don't keep up with the Tweets. Email part two. But cool.
It ain't cha spit game, it's ya dick game. That got me walking around ready to wear ya big chain <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
OMG. you're amazing.
HEY THERESA...I AM SO ADDICTED 2 ur show...!! U AND UR FAMILY R GREAT....!!!!!
Joe Johnson is out of the ASG, does that open the door for Jeremy Lin?
LOL then again sometimes you should force them if they have a terrible doo :-)
welcome to philly. uh no. welcome to marietta
Itd be a while for NFL!
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and holiday season
BBQ Fried Fish Taco @ Good Smoke BBQ tonight.
early morning start . video recording, photo shots, and pre rehearsal.. see you soon Athens, GA
What happened to greasy spoon joints in downtown Chicago? Don't they know that some people prefer burgers over bean sprouts and stuff?
But in the midst of all this progress, scientists from Denmark are taking the time to ask an important question...
I plan on it.
sex aint better than love
Guess where I am! Stuck on the runway in Minneapolis. Guess where I'm supposed to be! NOT MINNEAPOLIS!
Praying for all those suffering from the effects of the tornados down south.
“: IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO LISTEN TO MUSIC IN MY HOUSE!! #ShutTheHellUp!” then listen to house music in the car!
Alright. Stay strong.
see...I told you Jeremy's albums were edgier than yours josh
Put a condom on your heart - and fuck your feelings.!.
Look at tearing up teh Twitter! I'll give the De Landa a shot.
No joke. $1 billion for a company less than 2 years old. Just awesome.
I miss my boy.
Now I lay me down to sleep I play the lord my soul to keep and if I die before I wake I pray the lord my soul to take.
Ok I have a account n I'm looking for new Co owners so tweet me if u want to be one
I support the coffee and the music choice. Happy Sunday!
Really E! voters, you think #TheHelp is going to win #BestPicture. I respect your boldness.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 20
“: Wow! You alright?” I'm fine. Just mad about it.
...on second thought, some of the crap (i.e., the crap I agree with) is probably warranted.
ha ha. Im finally figuring out twitter. Lmao!
i am fucking bored!!! i got nothing to doo :(
Love you back!
It's my birthday today. For my birthday, I'd love for folks to send me flyers from their bowling alleys!
Sleep crust around my eyes, I can barely see.
Universities are getting Phoenixed -- and the smart faculty are going solo. Cheap faculty will replace many scholars
#Raven nation
Fail, iterate, repeat. If you can hit an iterative loop without substantial failure, you may actually get somewhere.
”The Mind in the Making” by author James Harvey Robinson
Wondering if I am coming down with another cold :(
Ah, now I see, but still can't figure out Romney plan.
Join Swingfest Events attendees tonight! for SWINGFEST BURLESQUE NIGHT @ ROUGE 10PM, a Sensual and seductive venue. see schedule for address
Listening to new demos from - so excited for this release!
On the red carpet again; TriBeCa
c'mon...get out there! the temp is ok.
I was OK until you said boo Reagan. How's DC?
Looking forward to hearing Jeff Hoffman speak
oh okay , so do you want me to like the page or something? :)
Are there municipal elections in your are next week? Send us info and we'll spread the word. Remember to GO VOTE!
Maybe we need a change of tactics, I get them tickets next week, then start saving :L
I really wished I didn't live here :/
whoa Damn girl
u look soo cute in your pic :D
Happy 83rd birthday to the heart, soul & voice of L.A., Vin Scully.
thanks for pointing out WWLTV w/streaming storm coverage.
This club has everything..Ravbots, u know that thing where those scary human like robots turn into ravers,& have built in glowstick arms
word bro, just checkin
Dow says he has faith in bike shop and moving to hub will help
Aaaahhhhhhh.... the smell of fresh-cut grass!!
Teachers speaking out against Castle Doctrine is like saying we don't want our students shot. Not a controversial statement, right?
Happy Mother's Day to the best Momma on the planet!! I love you, mom!!
Birthday party now playing recording of brass band doing "Sexual Healing".
come visit us soon! The cookies are on us!
Hehe yeah :D
This week is fellowships week. I'm tweeting programs that can smooth the transition for PhDs seeking nonacademic work—and they pay.
nah. The originals. Lol. If it was korra I think people would be killing to get em
God has already given you everything that you need to create Heaven on earth. It is up to you to walk in your authority.
Man...really wanted to go out tonight but I think it's gonna be one of THOSE Fridays. 50 more pages of papers separating me from freedom!
On the floor, ugh so close
haha that's class. post a pic of this!
I'm stealing this from #clarkstown schools. Great way to show common core math practices.
Take THAT, Brazil!!!
I know!!! I love U2!! My brain exploded! bahahaha!
Working this week with faculty visiting from India and England on teaching between continents. Synchronous and asynchronous teaching.
Merry Christmas!!! :)
Too bad I miss you more!!!
smh I feel sorry for you buddy but ya ass better make sure dat work done doe
i followed back
RT : Don't miss Chef Justin Carlisle on at 8:48am this morning, making a couple incredible new dishes!
I love all her songs
so would the Rangers, most years.
Yup. Puzzled by the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' phenomenon?
He JUST did that!!! So cute!
It seems to me that good meetings are good meetings regardless of virtual or F2F
Best of luck! I am so happy to have mine, even with it's expensive quirks!
> An Employer's valuable time and money is saved to focus on other areas of business
Zack and Cody graduated, Andy gave away his toys, Hannah told her secret, Phil went back to the future. My childhood is officially over.
#DHOKY Drew Howard or ask Deebo for you're bike back.
Oh Wow! It's intermission of Actors Theatre's TIME STANDS STILL. Such a wonderfully powerful show! -Matt.
Did u get the info for radio show
• We're playing the Giants tonight & seems half their active roster on the DL, with Lincecum wild all over the place.
good session last night #BarsBonanza..Can't give em all of that..but a lil should leak...ha
haha guess your daughter did a good job picking out the ride...enjoy the new #pathfinder !
Everytime something related pops up on my feed, I say Bootstrap in that Pirate's of Caribbean voice in my head
This does not.
yes i know..i thought i would be an interesting fact.
Mosites Hard Rock Bike Nights tomorrow - Free show with KISS tribute Mr. Speed and we are giving away a Kawasaki Vulcan 500 -starts at 6 pm
Alright. We got this guy out. Now lets score against the bullpen.
We're open 24 hrs a day and we can rush deliver our designs or deliver nationwide! You need flowers, we'll get them to you.
#ucda Joseph Duffy building the visual brief
count it
I need one more follower!
I have an audition Saturday that I punked out of before...WISH ME LUCK!! o_0
Yo me and Nephew coming thru. Can u wear a hat tonight tho
Lesson learned: always travel to work with an extra pair of pants.
That's just too funny. LOL
It happens :D
New practice space achieved!
Join us at our free breakfast in Drake Park this morning from 9am-11am for food, fun and community!!
I luv how went in tonight! Thas how u do. Don't stand around look'n at ya pretty website & graph design. MAKE SHIT HAPPEN!
May the 4th be with you.
I woke up SO late
Wonder who all mad @ me
the high schools only number school but freddie is gunna be K-8th so im going back ithink
Can't wait to see the students for the Agency Tour tomorrow! Are you coming with?
Thanks for the shoutout!
let's be clear: #romney and #gingrich are horrendous.
I know it won't end this way, but I'd like to point out that ATM, your RBs (both playing now) are worth -1 pts.
is jump starting 2010 with 4 auditions and a callback this week. www.amandabrookelerner.com
today... is a country day.
This weather is like heaven here!!! because Miami's weather was starting to get ridiculous....
wow um, definitely losing hope since u have close to 18 million followers. No chance of you seeing this.
16GB Apple Ipad with WIFI up for auction tonight!
When exhibitions come off view, the information lives on in Wikipedia.
AND HOW WAS MS. GLANVILLE'S SATURDAY NIGHT.....?
Thanks for the S/O! :)
Kids sleep my time...yes yes
are we sure that Arkansas was ever that good? Best win was.....Texas A&M? Or..South Carolina? Gamecocks best win...GA or...Fla?
you're just the cutest <3
It's fucking beautiful outside :)
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Cauliflower. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Karl Rove is right. Americans should focus on the Economy during this Election cycle. Are we better off than in 2009?
Your done with what?
"[Andre Ethier] I wrote you a haiku!!!" -- didn't know you were an eloquent poet/fangirl, ! Did you, ?!
Get up and do something boring that you have to do eventually anyway. When you get tired, go back to bed. That way you help ...
It's hard to reconcile a hotel bill that's more than airfare + per diems w/ inclusiveness 2/2
Christmas shopping Takes a while lol
97.9 the beat custom car show---> backstage---> I will be there..! Who all goin?
OH: He's really into.. I dunno how else to say this.. amateur cafe fighting
You just cranked this party up by some percentage.
He threw a chair at u and u aint do nuffn.
What email address do you want it sent to?
Was he an asshole b4 he played in Boston or did he learn it there? MT : #Papelbons AlterEgo 'Cinco' Has No Sympathy for
HUGE thanks to #JulieBlakley for designing the Biz Lunch's new, improved social media page. Will be on display 5/10!
I saw--and liked--many of the films leading up to the Avengers. I hated the Avengers though. That's two of us in the US!
no kidding. My thoughts exactly.
Thanks for tweeting the story about our class.
girl me too! fun times last night tho!
Kevin love with the game winning three?
Dropbox API is amazing for web apps, but has no PHP SDK? Personally don't need it, but disappointed to see PHP excluded like this
I have a meeting, but I'll be hh by 7pm, maybe earlier.
Gated Community 4 life.
Oh and I am werk in it out with #thewerks and tonight so even more reason to celebrate! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
And we were very scared of posting any comments when we see uncle added in your social network profiles
Reggie Miller and Kevin Harlan doing Thunder-Lakers game...this is going to be good.
um...it's my Birthday today!!! Wuhoo!
I have an audition for KFC today... do you think it's a sign?
T-34 Harmutty Estate Assam, so good with milk and sugar, great with food. What do you get?
When the heart is naive, the mind doesn't think.
Where do you get a "guru" degree? Haha Come on.... Just call it what it is #ahustle!
First Skype audition a success! Small indie, here I come! Callback in Iowa. Stop laughing.
1. Patrons mistake her for a homeless person.
Ciara - Like a Boy Beyonce - If I Were a Boy Rihanna - Rude Boy What next? Lady Gaga - I am a boy
Let u buy me a drank
ohh we don't have a lot of money so my dad could only get regular tickets, the VIP ones were like almost $900 all together
see you Thursday?
It's official. P90X is out to kill me.
One program organized and down, one to go.
T, I can't figure out how to send a private message on this thing.
Why is it we take full responsibility when things are going good but always blame others or have excuses when they're not.
totally possible. But not today. We are on our best behavior begrudglingly.
I didn't hide a thing. From u
and you wonder why im always gettin smart w/ you . smh and ahaa you spelled 'none' wrong : )
Hawkeyes on the cover of Sports Illustrated...GO HAWKS!!!!!
Lawd hammercy, the clean up is a pain. And "good around" sounds like how Mister said Shug had the nasty woman's disease. Ha!
Thank ya, kindly :)
Waiting for this interview at finish line... no one is here lol
Bitch you get no love, no love, and I don't need you no more.
2) I asked "take-away message" question & appreciated how you & Danny were thinking about the opportunity for action/change
your just wait until you see the house empty and the moving trucks in the front
Excited for #NavyWeek! Stop by Pinkberry Canal Street for a treat!
If your relationship has more issues then your magazine, you need to cancel your subscription.
I RT and followed
Thanks to everyone who bought Ice tickets to help support Indy Reads! We can't wait to see you at the game tomorrow!
Apt typo! RT : Heading to God Rapids today for #2012MAC! . . . On lookout for #ArtPrize treasures for
Gabe! Youre alive! how have u been? Follow me homie :)
How often do you get to do nothing? Isn't it refreshing? Ahh....
can't wait to see you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Beep beep drive home safe tonight
can we consider you the enemy this week?
Time to go home...
Sometimes our hearts get tangled, our souls a little off-kilter. Friends and family can set us right. And help guide us back to the light
I remember that !! I was in 2nd grade
Why do white shorts make every outfit?
I was being serious :P
The Lebron stuff is just getting old. All the stuff (Decision, pomp, etc.) happened, they didn't win. Let's start over now.
Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots
do it :)) ill save them and publish one big post of your pictures and give you cred :)
lol I am not totally sure either but I figured it didn't hurt to ask! :) happy easter sir
...when this happens to the most beautiful human being in existence, you know there’s a chance for all of us.
yup I'm alive. How are you? How's ur mom & Dad?
Not a pleasant day at the office today...
#GrapeFest here we come !
Hoping my Bestfriend did grand on her tryouts <3 love you !!
um yum!
what up boi...how u been homie
"When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all."
Some people have never gone, but never lived in your heart. Some have gone forever, but never leave your heart.
loves indiana weather!!!
Yay! *throws the confetti in the air!* Now we just need and we can have a real party!
got it.
LOVE< LOVE< LOVE it! I have someone you might find really interesting. Can I email you??
JET Terry rockin' his flashy championship ring on right now. That things SHINES!
Ash Wednesday
Burger King is WAY better than McDonalds, with that nasty,cheap low-grade meat. I 'm not even sure if its real meat. #JustSaying :)
I love to stay on top of news DHASATRA<U+62D3><U+5C55>Xpress Money<U+5728><U+5370><U+5C3C><U+7684><U+7F51><U+7EDC> <U+963F><U+8054><U+914B><U+963F><U+5E03><U+624E><U+6BD4>--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(<U+7F8E><U+56FD><U+5546><U+4E1A><U+8D44><U+8BAF>)--
My manager asked me to make sock puppets. I've done them for fun, but is it bad to do it professionally?
Thx for the follow, and keep up the good work!
A base hit by Mark Teixeira, but A-Rod gets thrown out at the plate. Still 1-1, 1 out, runners on first and second for Swisher.
Yeah, that's what I told her. She gets mad easily. She broke up with her other BF cause he wasnt texting her cause his [c]
Saw the Jersey Boys musical a few days ago. Great cast. Fabulous music. Worth seeing. Frankie Valli is gifted!
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve
Justin Drew Bieber is a Canadian Pop Singer, Songwriter and an actor. Bieber is discovered in 2008 by Scooter Braun via his Youtube videos.
is now
nobody better not have anything to say about the good morning , merry christmas texts i just sent out . lol .
Fair really effective under the rim!
As mentioned at the Studio and in the Newsletter - this weekend is... the Final Student Performance of Solo Flamenco!
best new artist = artist that media finally realized existed even if artist had a solid following for years (ie Kid Rock)
Listening to Harold Allen Your North Star: via Cheers One of my fav songs!!
Oh, yes. It will be properly documented. :)
That's not necessarily true. I think Shaq's competition at center was significantly better than Kareem's.
yes sir. Search Ryan Estes Podcast.
I seriously hate the light before the south hills mall!!!!!
Haha that's a good idea !
Karl Hess and Teddy V would be proud of that.
Jack White apparently has had a sense-of-humourectomy. #TCR #Colbert Yumyumyumyumyumyumyum
happy bday can u add me on facebook
Good to know I lost another follower
I cant believe many people grabbed my boobs yesterday
haha. yeah if its still $175 then its not on sale.
Quite. Did you catch Downton Abbey? So good!
"That's almost perfect because it's so stupid"
proposes "alien landing class" for comprehensive learning.
I read your tweet and thought it was you said "TF2" and got real excited. now I'm full of disappointment :(
I was wondering how much was ad-lib, but then again, it's written by Joss Whedon.
Boner and pizza time!!!!
co-sign! RT Rangers in the East, Coyotes in the West. If anyone else wins, DONE.
More New Followers!
Lol.. That's very true!
“: ": I ain't never got used to... Being what I used to.. Be" #dreamchasers 2” you already know!
Making Valentine's Day cards can transform the annual holiday into a learning event
#Foxtrot v7.0 beta has just been released. I'm very excited about using the new #excel targeting features for enhanced data integration.
boy am i furious.
follow me please i love you so much <3 :'D
I can give you the name of a great house keeper... incase you don't want to deal with the laundry yourself... :-) hope you had fun!
for return client It comes with a free cut and style!
I miss watching new episodes of The runs house..
What show??? Just kidding!! Yea..I'll watch it!!! Looking forward to this fresh new look and feel of SVU!
RT : #olympics Miley delight after earning Olympic spot: World Championship silver medallist Hannah Miley......
and good morning to you
I KNOW! And i guess his shirt was all loose and you could see his abbs and im like -____- why cant i live in miami!
Life's to short to hide feelings. So don’t be afraid to tell people how u feel. You never know if they feel the same.
today's goals: realtime server-side video encoding and finding a cheap projector. those exist, right?
I know you never notice but it mean so much and make my night if you would please follow me back tonight<333
dam i wonder if Dick van Dike was really a dike? O_o
Baking almonds with stevia, cinnamon, and cocoa powder!
... semen is not propelled from the penis.
what would y'all say about a girl who is promiscuise a hoe or just shady real talk?
How many times does Boozer get the ball stolen posting-up in the paint? It has to be like 2-3 times. I'm convinced.
one of the best I ever played against played college ball at Panola.
check out the sunrise, it's purple
I got spunk all over my stripey shirt
Is your Transfigurations performance piece eventually going to be made into a DVD?
RT : My Twitter BFFs: Find yours
wars good?
I'm just days away from having my first baby, then I can finally crack open my Skinnygirl margarita bottle!
“: all of thee are legit .#UseATwitterNameInASentence”
OzzieG's apology reads as being very, very sincere.
cant remember the last time my phone was fully charged ..
No do you?
Who the fuc R u and WTF u confronting me and with u came from smhhhhhhh like deadass
praying for you bro
Symantec HoneyStick Project planted seeded phones.
I love coming back on my version of Monday to the weekend crew. See you ! Miss you !! Feel better
Still looking for help if anyone wants to help with my project - would seriously mean a lot to me.
No one has texted me back..nevermind
Thanks for mentioning us! Happy Friday.
Lol, I'm always here. That was a great convo we were having last night!!!
RT Would kill for some vox… Any #squarians out there with some acapellas?
What do you think about the President's shift on the birth control policy?
Any have community conferences suggestions? (I know about #cls11? others going? )
People that catch feelings easily.. turns me off.
Careful man. You don't know what you're messing with here.
season finale
thinking about what I'm going to make for dinner. what are you having?
there is a time and a place for everything
what a beautiful day!
#Skins in #Europe next week!
He's out there somewhere...~
I think the skipped the Miller Lite tailgater of the game again.. my 44th game this year, all I want is to win that
#FF to our new design followers. Looking forward to sharing tweets with you!
Maybe one day a man will do for me the way I have done for all these men in my life that didn't deserve it...
god yo hear gurl! Im okay (; and I miss you
Can't wait for the next episode...we need good tv again :]
we're playing the Bayou Lounge today at 4:30! addy -> 500 E. 6th street
I'll give you a massage if you study.
Thank the lord for battle rap!!!!
What ya think of the vid QoH?
Spring roll recovery plan: drinks. Tonight ?
Republican Congressman Tim Scott, who is a very conservative African American leader in SC is the Guest Speaker.
I gotta unfollow a few more people
glad there not chasing you
aye smell my shirt real quick , it smell dumb , [ In My CJ Voice ]
Support your local musicians!
Marc Gasol is going to destroy Chris Paul
you can take the girl out of Baltimore but...
Meryl Streep received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on this day in 1998. The Bridges of Madison County is my favorite movie of hers.
Twins win.
Waah. I will miss seeing kindred IA spirits at #ias12 but will follow along digitally. Next year in person!
Somebody thought it would be a brilliant idea to put my face on TV. SO ridiculous. My head looks enormous on cam.
What do you mean!? Embrace your culture! Wear your Clogs!
Hi Kelsey. I emailed you an e card. Did you get it? MMUUAAHHH
Need,some skate or die sbs
Can a #pacers fan, or anyone that follows them closer than I do, enlighten me as to how Larry Bird made better moves than getting CP3?
Lahiar why would you swing at that?
I know a lot people who have money, but no time. I know people who have time, but no money. don't MISS THIS Just ask me how?
Anyone got a shovel?
#Tebowgottradedfor a bag of fillipino foreskins
I love Worldpeace, but that was a damn football hit
Tip: If a realtor tries to charge you....run in the other direction. There are plenty of Realtors willing to help you for free
Auto manufacturers rumored to be testing cars made of uncooked pizza: crashes actually feel good and then you go get baked together
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand M... that's yummy.
And I'd be there to catch him, then carry him through a crowd a la The Bodyguard.
have fun!!! Where u headed?
Have you tried our Balsamic Glaze Chicken yet? Come find what all of our customers are raving about!
yeah! i'm not sure yet. it's all up in the air lol.
Beautiful day. 20 miler today at #freestate 100k, course sweeping and helping pace and bring in the last 100k'ers. #dowork!
Give employees an opportunity to discuss evaluations with their manager
did not match a single number out of 3 tickets....
is having its annual Revenue Forum. We'll be hearing from state and local officials about how FY13 will go!
$9 I think. Worth it for iPad and iPhone.
sometimes i ask myself, "Is this right? is this what i'm doing right? Would it affect anyone i deeply love?"
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs- $1.00 off 2 and 3lb buckets
Sometimes, a strange doggy coming up to you to say hi, with a stick in his mouth, is all you need for the day.
Penny Stock lovers I really see " LUSI.OB " really taking off this week. get it NOW
WHAT UP PIMP
Damn don't RIP us. We ain't dead! RT : Only the good die young.
opps meant use to sing opera not see
All the problems that don't get solved at the federal, state, and local level, go to the library
How can I get involved and help the digital initiative?!?
VA #comm_colleges want to see broadening of how performance is measured to include career-tech certificates not just AAs
RT : #InfantMortality #ABC All Babies Count. Babies Should Sleep (A)lone. On Their (B)acks & In A (C)rib
jumping on the #lwn10 train. Headed down to Tamp later this afternoon.
Which begs the question who is dumber: the politicians or the people who elect them?
Just saw a white family with an adopted black 3yr old on a leash. Beat that.
where u at now
Jays/Tribe head into the 11th inning still tied 4-4 #openingday treat
whatcha holding there??
I seriously had never heard of MGK before tonight.
#11DAYS until i go on tour
cool!! looks like fun :)
Thanks! He's in some really good company!
Honey, I fell for you the first time I heard you rap! #truth <21 #FallForMe can't wait!
are you gona watch the Devils game 2nite? Brodeur is a boss! Who is ur fav player??
And test visual, aroma, predator proximity & speeds, Colony size, race, etc. Would be fun!!
Ima kill these dudes on fedz today for cinco de mayo... Lmfao..im sayin it in the most sarcastic way.. but I bet ppl are sayin it..
Is subway even open? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I don't even remember st pattys day.. Yeah that bad lol
How much do I love that the last song I heard on my iPod as I was finishing up at the gym was 'Closer to Fine.'
Gold teeth on a five-year-old. Have a seen it all now Baltimore? Have I? Have I? Or is there more.....
Best day of the year... Let the madness begin!
A large part of virtue consists in good habits.
I thought it was a pretty clean series. No cheap hits or anything. Some of their players made bad comments, but overall...
If that was a preview of the first round of the playoffs, I'll take it. Also
Dear Client: I do not care about your definition of "know" versus "know of." Doesn't help your defense. #youain'tbillclinton
Wow I have some weird friends
MT : Most air travelers on leisure trips, take money out of country. But airport expansion benefits airlines &airport operators
Eating mexican food before boarding was a bad idea.
Has even one of these random twitter 'X player spotted on Merseyside' been verified later?
Happy Birthday Jeremy Lewit and congrats on a great first staged presentation of DDJ! This is your year!
Rip anthony, I miss you brother.
Randomly fracturing your hand
OMG I wish someone would've warned me that zumba class was gonna be a fucking high school reunion. That's one groupon I will be wasting >=(
Come see our new handmade lights! Gene would love to pour you a cold one as you admire the lights just above your head.
Eat lunch or go for a walk?? Walk.
just took 4 big bags of clothes to the salvation army. Purge time!
Some black people are so annoying. A college education isn't shit without home training.
Skipped playing golf b/c I was worried my wife might go into labor....go figure, she's fine!!
Ordered the HTC HD7. Hope its a good phone.
I couldn't play if I die young <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I'm sorry <U+2764> x
if you tweeted me back, it would make my day! i love your show!(:
#ihitmyDougiewhen my parents actually let me do sh*t ...
I Can't Stop Missing You my phone new fav song it keep playing it
When a guy calls Justin Bieber gay i just want to turn and slap them in the face.
i need a girl built like a speedboat
What the
Elvis is amazing.
Special shoutout 2 an eclectic group of friends: love + success
is looking forward to having a Mexican-themed Thanksgiving dinner with Chris & Mommy...bring out the tacos & load on the cheese, please!
Always WINNING!
RT I wonder What happens when your mom counts to 3? --Either I do what she asked in the first place or get my head knocked off
I love you for that.
Yup, go seaturkeys! #Packers!
follow me back lovebug n nbox me on fb
Proud of these PVTV-ers for all their hard work this year!
yayyy! Wait, when is the first day of Spring?!! I can't wait for the sunrise service!!
ok collier... do 2 in one month average to one every 2 months?
gotta be proud of Pops and the squad for that big road win tonight.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform and re-entry. He's the man for the job. Go to www.rossforsheriff.org for details
brilliantly awkward
doing some filming for a friend for a documentary on the fall of the Berlin Wall
Did you ask at the security desk? Sometimes they move your stuff to keep it safe.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F FOG/MIST
Hate it when Scola does it and I bet Nuggets fans will KILL Galo over that gutless try.
What path are you going to Choose? Choose wisely
Where the number three is pronounced tree
I dont believe you....& I don't hug thing with foliage. Camo clad ppl or shrubbery. Lol
time for frozen one to be MVP. NOT...
Thx! URAQT3.14! Hope u feel better soon. While you're home 4 the weekend we should enjoy some Constant Comment tea together.
#FF to ’s #media from Wednesday’s event: + Gillian Flynn. Awesome panel!
one egg short of the omelet
Off 2nite. Back Fri w/my colleague It's that time again, time to raise $Cash$ For Jazz. Have a goodnight & a gr8 Thursday.
I don't trust my neighbors - had some that threw shit over my wall LOL
it's time to stop killing 100,000 animals each year. Reform Wildlife Services.
improve accuracy of song categorization softwares, also very useful for softwares such as itunes. right?
Think globally, act locally... that's why we follow and want to connect w people of
GTFOH,Man looking chic!
Thanks Chad, I'm looking forward to the occasional good idea :)
Mae West: "I've been rich and I've been poor. Believe me, rich is better." - Why we help you build effective websites not just pretty ones.
I really ought to create a press page on the site.
Huskies making me nervous... Come on Dawgs!
#TEDxABQ Rachel Preston-prinz - honor the past, make the best of what we have. Plant trees (local) on the south & west sides of your house
I'm going to miss you! Don't go!
Only two days left in the studio! :) Our full length album is so close to being done!!
Thank U Bun!
Do you know this terrorist? LAPD releases video of man who attempted to burn the Mormon Temple in Los Angeles. Video at mormonlawyers.com
hahaha, I love Daisy! She just needed some time to relax and stretch is all. :)
Going Fishing with my uncle :)
thx sharon! I wish the same to u :)
ok ok ok, if Beiber and Gaga were to fight,, who would win??? lol I think Charlie Sheen!!! LOL!
I wish my birthday wud've been on Monday instead of Tuesday (May 8) so cudve sang me happy bday@ the FamilyMeeting!Oh well:)
Felt good hitting Thai pads today then sparring sesh after!
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:D pretty pleeeaassse! 50
WHOTE PIECE OF TRASH
RT : #Broncos not in sweepstakes for #BrandonMebane, #Seahawks DT too pricey for them
#Marines. A misbegotten, unethical war can turn even the most upstanding individuals into something they're not proud to be. Disturbing. Sad
Happy 2012 everyone! My goal for this year is to make a kick ass web series with a girlfriend of mine and book a series! What's yours?
Thanks so much, hun! :)
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958!
yep... Had to order a part
Thanks Peter! I am looking forward to the gig tonight!
I'm also a good 10 years younger than the other company reps...
I've been working on platforms long enough to know that Apps are where it's at. Having both is better though.
Open our eyes! Bring us back to life again!
SO GOOD! did u notice how there were practically NO cuts?! well-there were like 15 AT THE MOST. i really only counted like 6.
Let's glorify him over lame, trivial stats! RT : For the first time in his career, DWade played 40 min in game w/o a rebound.
Goodnight tweet-harts!! btw i no i spell thangs rong!! its wat makes me, me:)
If youre not on Google+ and want an invite, send me a msg with your email and I will invite you! Its an amazing social media/business tool!
I only watch #BecauseOfAustin <U+2665>
I'm there already , don't gotta tell me twice ahah >_<
UR4sure RT : Or in my case b/c i *want* to be! lol <U+E418>RT We swim because we are too SEXY for a sport that requires clothes
Not even halfway through the marking I'd hoped to do before class. Will do it during office hours if I can. Time for class.
THE MEANING OF BEAUTIFUL IS STAMPED-N-DIVAS
Husband will be on new show to talk about #99spring. Stay tuned....
Pizza time, um!
Double Orca all the way across the sound! We spotted whales on Whidbey
I can't wait for August, i'm so excited to finally go to EKU. :)
Running in the morning?
I went Hot beef.
Give our office a call 858 222 8242. We are happy to quote you a price with the international shipping too.
This day's going really good. But I feel like something's gonna ruin it, I know it.
can't wait to see ya guys tonight. Come down early, we'll be on deep ellum stage at six. Kick some ass!
yeah lol well i really appreaciate it!! Where u from? & have u seen Demi in concert?
the majority of the afternoon trying to make a music dvd almost as frustrating as trying to learn computer coding to fix my website lol
My insperations. CarrieUnderwood and I love you all!<3
Even though the Steelers haven't picked yet in the 5th round, I think he will have a lot potential.
there will always be a song in our playlist which we always skip, but never delete. :3
Look up: Edward Ortemeir white student arrested for holding a one man sit in against racial segregation I. chapel Hill
my grandma called me because she said that in argentina today is grand daughters day lol oh her *3*
just saw it on a Broadway account.
National #biketowork day is Friday May 20. Keep an eye out to avoid
thanks for the recommendation! We appreciate it so much!
-- I can't stop watching your profile pic of justin spazzing-out.
i hate my math teacher. k.
still the best!
Mostly because this team was built to play terrible defense.
Elementary backstroke is the key...:)
Yes, it was a great time, missed you guys there!
See ya later Columbus!
Hailie Jade, I love that NAME !
Now y'all decide Paul Silas shouldn't be the head coach of The Bobacts? #CartBeforeTheHorse How's that workin' out for ya?
Life on the edge,i'm dangling my feet.I tried to pay attention but attention paid me. -Lil Wayne<3
Is it just me or is Herman Cain answering every big problem with First we gotta grow our economy, thats why 9-9-9
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin. -Grace Hansen
Shows inc. 110 in the Shade, Hedda, Liaisons Dangereuses, Man For All Seasons, Pal Joey, Ritz, Sunday in the Park with George, and Godot.
yes! he never tweets... for now. But he should b/c I'm sure he'd entertain us all! he's if you're interested.
I know it's depressing we'll be separated for awhile! Not okay.
oh, maybe i'll do that tomorrow. was it cool??
SAY THAT!“: #np interstellar - " poking a pochantos... in this combat that you are so mortal in #FINISHHIM "”
I have done it for practice. Shouldn't be too difficult. If I can do it. Anyone can.
Another big missed call in World Series just now. Can we dismiss the myth that NBA refs are so much worse than anyone else? To err is human.
Hard to coach if you're going to have season tickets to all Badger bball games home and away for the next four to five years.
Being new to twitter-how have you kept your account protected and hack free? I would love to hear your tips. Thanks:)
Just saw your Style Me Pretty post! Nice work :)
Helping students with presentations in Omaha at a conference. They are doing a great job
THANKS SO MUCH HE HAS BEEN TOUCHED BY THE HAND OF GOD,STILL A WAY TO GO BUT HE IS A FIGHTER,WE PRAY FOR COMPLETE RECOVERY!
Don't forget to download your copies of the Embellish Saga Books on Kindle and Nook and other E-readers. All $2.99 each! Enjoy reading!
Yes - love Newseum! There's also the spy museum where 's sister works and I've heard is a lot of fun.
I won't try to sell you anything, but this nation owes you and your family a debt of graditude! Thank you and your family for their service.
Playing cornhole. I've never played before.
I have more optional guest lectures by visiting professors to go to than actual classes the rest of this week.
May I graduate well, and earn some honors!
Taylor's layup comes up just short, Indiana fans on their feet as Hoosiers now within 9.
#RockConcert is awesome!
hey hey! Want to help me with a new drawing project?
yeah I know
Pickup Line: When God made you, he was showing off
website updated oliverjmartin.com
Just finished "The Season of Second Chances" by Great read! Now I want to redecorate my room... & my life.
and very good it is too
Love the update, but it is lame that some features are now being held ransom with in-app purchase. Downcast it is!
Yes, please! Could you come to this Wednesday at 7pm for the volunteer meeting?
Receive a Massage for 20% off this week. www.celestialwindsmassage.com Deeptissue, swedish, therapeutic, medical, energy healing
hahaha i wish i got more than a weeks notice for it!!
taht infographic isn't 100% accurate. That being said its still a bad bill and Obama said he'd veto it so its dead
So glad that you could make it to our morning event and ! Thanks for your continued support!
Hanging out with Leigh Ann and park almost inevitably ends in slushies and hot tub
Real men wear pink!
ruuth, i also love #newgirl. c: it's dandy..
is a three point specialist. He has Jimmer range.
I love the Netflix/Ten Commandments suggestion. Jodi, how come you didn't send them this idea days ago?
I will complain every day about my allergies until they are gone.
#LA weather icons: sunny sunny sunny rain clouds with red lightning bolt sunny sunny sunny. goes which today is.
Interesting. I really notice it when I switch to my wife's ipad2. The screen is, for me, the only big diff
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone
Studying w/ in the lounge. Happy ?!?!
RT : "In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
Highlight for me: witnessing you geeking out over meeting John Slate!
I totally agree. They halted this initiative at least three times that I'm aware of. Let's cross our fingers.
you got me?
sounds great! I'm grabbing some Ska Modus as well. Need those hops!
its a great song!
For the Whole Holiday Spirit-Holiday Season is Really About Living in the Love-Celebration Spirit Every Day of the Year-Being the Gift.
gchs and warren;)
hey buddy.
come party with us chica!
Goodnight sexy mofos ;)
Heh! Actually, there's another fan in the building, so we exchanged movirs...
I'm in my 4th
is the kid for real or is he gonna flame out???
radio show tonight?
Impressive. Workout & laundry on a Saturday night. Just got back from First time there. Great time.
i have begun using our site for "committee" meetings asynchronously.
rt : "Oh, I like it a little burnt". No, you don't. You just suck at making food.
We love Mardi Gras in LA, but why why why do our kids have to have a week off of school
I am so sad for tonight.
Hope there's more coffee where that came from, them. Do you have plans for Sunday?
We need to create the life we want, with strong positive feelings, into the Matrix of God.
So the #Colts basically traded Peyton Manning for Drew Stanton...
Pls. ask followers to change password due to hacking. Some may have logged in to the fake Twitter login page & shared password
I love spamming people lol. happy birthday boo, i love you<3
“: forte's out for the game. running backs HAVE to hold out, man. it's really that simple.” very true!
Many thanx to for hosting the candidates night
Guys will always be able to make girls cry but if a girl can make a guy cry she must really mean something to him.
This will be a knockdown dragout campaign by Pres Obama and the Liberals. They are fighting for their political lives
Man my stomach is killing me
Due tomorrow. Do tomorrow
He's just reminding the rest of us who really deserves to worship them! You were right, you totally blew it up tonight babe! :)
yes and you met Michael! You should come to his free events
NBA Lovers - Chicago Bulls is hosting Washington Wizards tonight at the United Center. Get the game tickets NOW by calling at: 888-493-0004
yeah Lil brah same number as always right
RT : I'm down for the One Music Fest this year!!!! Tix go on sale tomorrow! :-) cc
lol...for real. But I mean she's just excited. Maybe she'll make it.
5 more days , watch this be the longest 5 days of the entire school year
i didn't say that
I know, been too long. What's good in your corner this week?
Tori, sorry I missed the teleconference had to work. will try and catch the next one.
i have court tomorrow and it pretty much sucks.
Don't miss the Padres Rally this weekend at the Otay Ranch Town Center; and stop by to check out our booth, we’ll be giving away goodies!
#RomanticHorseNames Lion Heart, Fran's Valentine
If WWE built some1 to take center stage at Wmania & put them under to Cena only to say "wait for the bigger picture" Id feel the same way
God's plan for us is often NOT what we expect. If we lived 2000 yrs ago, we may not have expected our "Savior" to be born in a barn
RT : Bostonians, go see Jane! RT : is here at 7pm with the debut of her new memoir, Double Time!
all the knicks fans i know are really just melo/ tyson fans. and i respect that. because im really just a lebron fan. but all you liars. smh
You must consistently work out to achieve your ultimate goal
Don't even joke...
ha! After three beers hoot becomes huit.
really if you want to fight im almost 17 you can fight me not a 14 year old when ur 17 and a fat b**** .
I love how Jason Whitlock's background says "White people think I'm racist". People who read your Lin tweet think that.
Been watching CSI. What a fun show. Not believable in any respect.
No sugar with homemade coconut milk added is how I drink coffee
happy birthday/feliz cumpleanos to to you jazzy jeef...may u have many more blessed ones..: )
This season is brutal! I love it.... Lol
Dang it,i forgot my youtube password and i just created it yesterday!!!:D
Lol really funny! I wish I got wrong number texts like that!!
I'll do a new one titties
Tell me about it. Imagine how us oldies feel.
People who smile a lot may be the ones who cry alone when no one is around.
Jeremy Lin is the biggest thing in NY since Kevin Maas
Okay day at work, and got to kick it with the Mista. Overall great day
My expectations couldn't possibly be higher.
feel better!
of course
Getting ready for the MRS Spring 2012! Attending the meeting? Stop by our booth :) visit our website to see all titles on display.
you're always welcome!
;-) how are you
In lunch listening once again to the funny thing dani, tony and Wally talk about :) aha funny friends
never!!!!!!! You're my one and only!
cant wait to see the liars kick butt!! :D
Yeah Baby ... reading that #AustinPowers 4 is in the works ...
Shout out to my twc peeps in marketing!! Nice cm
for some reason I want a nickname for myself and something bold and sexy:-)
Jared is going pro.. He announced it a couple weeks ago.
great work. Just watched it. A very strong message.
still hasn't noticed me!:'( -le cries-
please follow and let her know that i sent yu to follow her! she openend for cody nov. 19th 2011 and is amazing!
Just looked down and realized there's glitter all over me
Fade me so I know its real.
sonic ice is my favorite ice
I was gonna tweet a bit of lyrics from 'No Bullshit' but i thought that might be a little inappropriate...lol
just starting on twitter and glad i got "plaintxt" as a user name
Hey! We're looking for educators to test a new product development from DM or email for deets
If LA plays OKC, I'll be glad to put on a Lakers foam finger.
thank you for this tweet! #NoKidHungry!
Happy birthday, Kate Hudson!
its all thanks to Mr I am just a keeper of the karma
Nice meeting you at keep it that 100 ur whole career and ur gonna do it big bruh
Ha, yup. Its like a damn Home Depot in there.
damn... But in front of your casaa come on now you can't slip like dat unless das your own cribbo !! ;)
did you get #wordpress figured out?
will be at Red Eyes Coffee 4164 N Lincoln Ave tonight with Rep. Ann Williams from 6-8
Smh, I got three invites -_________- one balloon for each ;P ha, that would be funny.
Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
Listening to Bossie Father God I've been betrayed.. my favorite song..Free Bossie :)
I won't be able to see your blog tv for 2 weeks because I'm going on a trip .. Its really depressing :(
"you completely unscatter me." what a lovely sentiment!
getting stronger everyday!
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes it is a quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, "I will try again tomorrow." -Mary Anne Radmacher
Isn't it something the way that strong emotion usually brings out the best in inspiration & creativity!
this is me, except for three months running now, and the offending word is "digitization" instead of "subscription"
Ay, the things I learn on Twitter. :)
Grant with the Mammoth's 14th goal of the night. 14-12 with 721 left in regulation.
i wave my finger at pretty girls all day long
At least then after that she started eating light. Oh same here! As much as I eat, people would be worry. Lol!
I asked for coffee...15 minutes ago...when I just asked for a status update, he told me he was "pre-wetting the filter."
When are we ever gonna chill<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Getting ready for our pingpong tourney... Bring it on !
Congrats for MVP!
Sweetheart lift your head high don't allow any man to step on your pride.
Yes...Come on down.
If you've got a kid that needs something to do this summer, come to the GVP CampFair @ Eastview Mall & let's talk
Oh No & - We finished Season 1 of Downton Abbey off Netflix! Do you watch is live or have super secret access?
Happy Father's Day to us dads!
NO HANDS
new design looks awesome! Two thumbs!!
Melias decent. Used to be a Renaissance. Area is kind of quiet/dead though. You may be better off staying in midtown.
New Jersey Drive soundtrack>>>>>>>>>
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.
bab were gonna watch this! Your so funny man!
looks like you'll be opening up the #UM / #ULI real estate forum tmw. Good luck!
"Good nachos can be healthy!" by head chef/summer job in high school. Not be the best advice, but one I cling to the most :)
My little baby girl is doin' all sorts of baby talk now.......and she's sayin' DADA !!!!
Hey, instead of watching the wire, come on out to a real school and meet with kids and teachers? We are creating our story.
The tattoo artist called me hardcore because I fell asleep while getting my side done.
You are very welcome! :)
S/o to my nigga he in dis bitch to
Where did my Maybach go?
Lookin super adorable in my new outfit! :)
My English professor was introduced to the phrase "totes jelly" in class and is now using it consistently.
up to all #CraigFans...He's in the kitchen working on Kate's #birthdaycake. Photos of my #MetroCakeBaker 's progress to come today.
Getting pedis with my daughter then date night at Del Frisco's to celebrate 16th wedding anniversary.
No no no no worst episode ever like how can that happen she was suppose to be with Damon not Stephen ,I hate this
Dad: idk if that's cool anymore. Justin: we don't say cool we say coral
Massive lip syncing malfunction going on...
Not sure I feel any better having all this info re: #loubridge. Pretty sure I feel worse.
Today my husband sent me a pic of his aunt's newborn kittens and then told me I couldn't have one.
Welcome back to campus, Panthers! Who's excited about the spring 2012 semester?
Somedays I swear life is like a sitcom
Everyone keeps saying think outside the box but I didn't know there was a box
Hey there man, doing good. Trying to keep life fun and fruitful. Yourself?
RT : Lets not also forget that lGaddafi regime has killed thousands since 1969 coup.
I never wanted to debated you, or earn ur respect. I only wanted to tell u ur thoughts on the Gonzo matter were/are stupid
I'm probably going to sound dumb but Wth is a VOXER ?! Haha
are there any better alternatives for the online thing?
Really useful explanation and code examples, Bess!
I thought we were all working on fixing that by having everyone relocate to NYC?
...but the current LGBT debate among Christians is happening in largely digital texts. How will historians access & write about it in 2112?
ay you still gotta ear fetish???
Thank god #Wikipedia is back! Having to push ESC to access historical background info for Scott's Waverley was killing me.
She Like The Way....I Stay In A...#RalphLaurenCollar!!
"Tonight on #Conan, Apple chose my show to introduce their revolutionary new product to separate fools from their money"
font hate the player, hate my Rita's!
It's gonna be bad news for the bears Sunday.
I'm a sucker for mob wives. Very high brow.
a nigga gotta pay u 2 answer da phone
At the #idol watching party at the Tavern
What does it say about me that I have been with organizations that embraced 4 of the fads.
I think fb has a *very* different function than twitter.
Good Luck at School everyone!!!!!
Agreed. Thought you were a very believable War Horse. RT : For the 34th straight year I've been snubbed by Oscar.
I need a reliable seamstress or tailor in downtown Chicago - any recs?!?
In-N-Out in Santee vote from Santee City Council: 3-1 with Dale voting no
Argh! Had to look it up. Never seen "Gone in 60 Seconds!"
the portion of the male population actually having sex would appreciate it you stopped talking about this issue. Thanks
my dog is so confused by frogs. he'll stand there & bark at them until they move and he'll jump when they do. silly boy.
lol i'm not that funny i know, so wazzup? (:
doctor appointment, dentist appointment, eye doctor appointment z
Great networking event in downtown Indy tonight. Then at Kilroy's for drinks and their famous stuffed breadsticks. Delicious.
i bet snooki's favorite super hero is the hulk cause hes got dat giant pickle
What a wonderfulistic morning filled with glitter fairies and sparkling clouds! Good Morning Peeps! <3
and you ?
Give Your Heart a Break
Let's go! Got class right now but you know imma be streaming the game live
true story. Just a lazy mans drive.
Good morning beautiful people! Hope your day is filled with success and lots of determination!!
Peace out library. You're depressing on such a gorgeous day.
me either
Dropped triplets off for 4th grade field trip to find 3 luxury buses to drive them. Yellow school buses not good enough for 10 year olds?!
The comments by the creepers are the best
Kind of wondering how they decide the Oscar seating chart - must be a nightmare!
i like whatnot
m'gann cosplay is top-notch! right on.
aw! I'll miss you!
These hands are vicious, try me
. Im wearinq HOLLISTER' foe Easter w/ sum converse ! Yay!
Sorry!! Just followed. Hope you are having a good day!!
My diet starts today.
And you will never see another team work as hard as we will for the rest of my career!
#CountryIsBetterThanRap because the lyrics mean way more. And have other words besides nigga, bitch, and sex.
#nwpam11 sitting beside and simultaneously tweeting
Mahalo Mari! I love it! I will be getting off Internet in a little while and taking your sound advice! :)
I'll just say this; God bless moms.
Watching underworld awakening again:)
Oops, forgot to turn my swag off. My bad !
Pretty sure, when it comes to legs, Carrie Underwood is the Tina Turner of country music.
Grad school is giving me gray hairs. So I'll be a gray-haired lady just in time for becoming a librarian.
GM Tweetie-tadpoles, its time for you to grow and leap, or should i say hump into Wednesday. Be great in all you do. Blessings.
And David Cassidy is 61! Astonishing!
It's hilarious that Louisville/Indiana fans live vicariously thru UK. I guess you have to with only 7 championships COMBINED.
i cant wait to get all of this metal out of my mouth.
I WAS KILLING "TEMPLE RUN" TODAY! !!!!!
M homemade egg Mcmuffins! So much better than Mcdonalds!
A3 Also, in my communities, I like to highlight knowledgeable people. "I can't answer this, but so and so knows this subject"
So much love for 'john kramer' it's unreal..
its bad when the sound guy shuts off your mic and the guy who books the show turns off your amp.
#shithagansays I've never said reckon' before
hi all
Thanks for being part of making the Downtown Greenway Opening so special. Look forward to seeing you soon at Hand to Hand!!
Congrats to our new/old friends at : New name, new office, new awards! Proud to have developed their
I used to work for a stunt production company. That fight scene was lame.
thanks cookie! Love you! Make it a great day ;)
When and where? I'd love to come.
Have my tickets already for sky blue home game. Go sky blue!!!
A brand for a company is just like a reputation for any person. You gain name by attempting to do tough things effectively.
#iGetRealMadWhen you leave the toilet seat up!
RT I'm so ready for these opportunities to come a knocking.! Ready to peace out on Milwaukee.!!!
are they confusing you with someone's mom?
aw that sucks! Sucks living without a phone. :/
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me? RT Soy un perdidor
Christopher Plummer about time
" #marypoppins is such a master manipulator" "it's called managing upwards" #disneysunday life lessons 4 #MtIda ladies
BREEZE 's Tonight with Carl Harper on the Covered Rooftop-Nice!!. Find your way there now for Happy Hour!!
Hell to the yeah!
iv followed u you since I was 10 now im 26 can u follw me this time ...lol whats good
hey are you in south beach tonight?
Lmao! " Fighting with Demi Haters makes me horny."
excellent - thanks! ha
Live is so good
hey what's up
Just went on a great casting hopefully the results will make me happy ;-)
Work hard now play hard later.....yeah ok
“The Sun never says to the Earth, “You owe me.” Look what happens with a love like that, it lights the whole sky.” -Hafiz
Memphis is No. 3 for highest airfares - Memphis Commercial Appeal
New fresh salads start today . There great!
I would love to see some #PigsInWigs!
The guy played 19 GAMES as a DI quarterback. 19. Is that a good sample size?
hey, i have as many followers as i do tweeted tweets! neato. it's my golden twitter birthday.
still holding at 13
Plus, would love to see the twitter battle between and
You know what kills me? Weapons.
thank you and same to you. The Sun will come out one day.
You are such a tweeter.
Bad.. meaning good.
wait lol how did u know my name is olivia?? #Creepin lol jk and u know my nick name lol
The Jackson 5 is on heavy rotation on my iPod. You have great taste in music. Thanks for the follow! :)
Have a great day at work.
thats what makes a market. we might both win, I am swinging
please follow me I love you!(:
you do! I just bought two new shirts, I love them! YES, next time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
four shirts left of this printing! be the ones to order the last few! DM us if you want to know the available sizes/colors (:
completely agree :)
my hair color is fading fading awaay~
CA #Business face higher costs but have many benefits..2 biggest are skill of workforce, access to capital. #CABudget cuts are killing both.
This week is going by so slow.....
haha, okay. Sunday at 11 Pacific it is ^_^ Shoot me an email with your Skype screen name!
Ay, Dont It Seem Like Im Always There When It Matters But Missing Most Of The Other Time Is A Terrible Pattern
Thtmomentwhen u walk into the dentist and tht guy from public school just stares. U make it seem like youve nvr seen a private school person
dude you twitter more than anyone I know. What is it, like 30,000+ tweets. Lol
Amanda and I booked a commercial together, today! Very cool.
get ready for a cold front..it is only in the mid 50s in Chicago today...#comingyourway!
I don't know why but I love anchor tattoos.
I don't tweet like I used to, but when I do, I'm drinking a Dos Equis.
Hi Gabe - hoping to connect and discuss a speaking opportunity. Can you DM me an email address or phone #? - Trey
Super scary! Im hiding under my covers. RT : Ah San Francisco! This big thunder + lighting is scary. :/
RT : Static HTML gives you two options: what fans see, what potential fans see.
um, excuse you. i have other peeps.
Apparently my creative writing class liked my story.
Fitting for the Buffet Capital of the World LOL
Enjoyed your highly-nuanced analysis of Canadian football & health care this morning. Please repeat it for the Cablination.
not tonight girl! But have fun! I'll see u soon :)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 261
The Age Discrimination in Employment Act says you can't discriminate against applicants or employees older than 40 because of their age
Happy Passover and Easter everyone. Hope you all had a great holiday.
Woo! Congrats! I can't wait to listen.
Great coverage of from ! Love the design from Sahco and Uppercase
Randall Cobb - quite impressive
Done and done!
Why does rain bring out the grumpy in people?!
I don't use swipe! I ain't about that life!
Is that right? I planned on going to that show. Don't have tix yet.
haha we're glad :)
congrats once again for winning Bay Area DMC...2012 is a big year for Sol Rising!
You're wrong. Painted finger nails are the best. The more colors I can wear on my body at once, the better! ;)
"Who knew that my heart could ever bruise?"
Just lemme get in my zone
He said ...I can't get enough!
Smh lol ima get his ass rite RT : so I said I was gne write yu on twitter cause ya cousin evan cme nd gt a ...
Do you book your next appointment while you're at the salon? Or do you wait until later to call?
Im Not Your Boyfriend Baby by 3OH!3 is a good song
Definitely...with observations like these and the pics to go with, I am so glad to have made your acquaintance.
Good thoughts to you.
promise we got better... and I won't hit you with the golf club this time
U are welcome, precious S! #FF RT'd Me TY
(2/3) in Atlanta, GA who lived a full and rich life, and set the GOLD standard for us ALL.
Our conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute/sponsor :-) RT
Shocking....Stokes chooses Tennessee.
i DONT hate i just strongly DISLIKE!
Unleike what your probably used to, I don't believe everything I hear, and surely not gullable..Goodday
RT : Thanks to for inviting us to health care affinity panel! Great discussion on #Medicaid & #HCR in
Lmao my mom is such a heat up!
Motivated seeing the g40 Rva painters
going to renew tomorrow morning.
u might cuss me out but IKR
GC Tip: Your photos MUST look like you. If we book you & the client can't recognize you, that's BAD and GC won't hire you again.
Tomorrow the world. (today, just a corner of the bedroom & a few dresser drawers that I hardly use)
Beginning Today Sat May 12th #HTSSS12 tickets will be available as well as participating Fiesta Marts & locations! RT
What sorts of things are you looking for in Boston?
[It is] a Legislature based on spite & hatred. If they didn't like someone they wouldn't pass a bill - funniest thing you ever heard. [1944]
no save ur money they suck
I don't want to jinx anything but Pre-season has been going very well.... TopShelfBets.com
Lol you're not forever alone, you're only fifteen.
... your images and that scene are amazing! Difficult to find words to describe that location. Thanks for the share!
Happy Mother's Day
At JFK preparing to board flt to Boston. Looking forwrd to the AIP focus grp at ALA Midwinter!
Neck's slipped disc was feeling better 'til I loaded 8-80lb bags. Anyone strength train/lift w/ same issue? Scared to make it worse.
f you!! Sometimes you gotta bend over lmbo
I FEEL EXCELLENT THIS MORNING LIKE UNSTOPPABLE OR SOMETHING :)
my laptop hates me. it better decide to turn on and work before friday because my paper is saved on there!
This is so easy it's stupid.
Watch out for Butch. That is a heck of a crew cut.
something about sec. leon pannetta just looks shifty to me! don't know what, but just shifty. always has since clinton's administration.
Watching this #nuggets & #lakers game.....
your tweets make me giggle. c:
Q4: Has an PC been to the top of Everest and to the moon? I know they've been to the top of Everest.
great planning meeting for #ravencrest 2012! so excited to be on the committee.
I celebrated #earthday by leaving my car, mower and snow blower running all day while burning my garbage in a fire pit.
"If nothing ever changed, there would be no butterflies"
just copped the sufi tshirt, happy to support transcendental digitalism! can't wait to play with the plugs
When my dad tries to turn my country music down in the car -_- <<<<
wont be a problem... lol... said i took steps needed, right? ;)
So happy my SU student Alexis Sadoti will be home for the holidays
Sacramento isn't too bad. I'm thinking of moving though. Maybe silicon valley or Monterey
As the second half of America Now and Here Kansas City unfolds, we'd like to look back & see what fond memories fans have made.
don't worry even if Sid is cleared he won't be playing in the #pens home opener
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E> what would be the possible usage for this???
nope. I figured what the heck.
Ya know I REALLY like #Princeton ShoppingCenter & even like its RiteAid Rx BUT #rottentomato for charging FULL price on2 clearance items!!!
Maybe we'll make a vlog. Any questions? :P
my bad, I love Tha Coolest nigga with his extra cool ass.! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
“: Only 7 months to go! You stare at Chinese symbols?!” Whatever it takes to get me through til next season!
"You should only go to one conference a year and it's #AZEC11" (it's on video!)
lol.... no it's not... me and her are always going at it, she's like my bestfriend foreal.... but she knows I love her
I want someone new to talk to.
OMG WHY CANT CHER COME TO DC?? :(
It'd be cool to have that as a kind of anti-piracy tool built-in
YOUR WORLD IS NOT WORTHY FOR ME NOW THAT I BREACH YOUR TABLES HERE IS YOUR INFORMATION ? SIT AT MY TABLE
Ozzie Guillen as coach of NFL Europe's Frankfurt Galaxy: "I love Adolf Hitler. He survived so many assassination attempts."
haha. You said, head job. ;)
I will never forget our near death experience with shimmer lip gloss...I won't take it out on you again
TO THE LLAMA, TO THE WALL
Let's go oregon state beat the huskies lol.
Knitworking. Today 4:30-6 in Bistro 151. Wearing bright red jacket! Bring business card and win some fiber.
Thanks! We are planning to add more deals and function soon! Keep watching me:)
Just wanna hang
Agreed cant wait!!
lol im the nanny every day
Coming out to LA in late July. How bout taking your little angel to
beautiful! Where is this?
are you here at sxsw? How are you? I'm on 4th floor of ACC room 18 waiting for keynote
Dear WTF with the following limit?? I've had this account for 3 years. Seriously? It's so annoying!!!
it can't be lol
I want to play a lacrosse game. So bad
I love mindless behaviors song Girls talkin bout
I been on one lately
Great pictures for a loving family. God bless you guys.
How have you gotten yourself motivated? Have you tried joining a local running club and enjoying a race?
Mark Walhberg's new movie "Contraband" comes out today. If you see it consider posting a review via QWiPS and share with friends!
Getty. Love that place.
thanks for the mention :) have a great day!
You better mind your buisness boy, shut your mouth.
Dear T. Boone and Two Okla. Senators Whose Names I Don't Know: FIX IT!!!
are you naming your child "pizza-the-hut" in memory of fat dan green?
i hope so!!!! how is the new job coming... im not staying here for the summer my dad told my mom no lol
hot choc car bomb @ redhead on tues
let mhe borrow call of duty tonight
jst got done wit my hair. Look nice too. ;)
Just helped a lost doggie get back to her owner... Even though they didn't yet know she was missing...
Thx for debate - gotta run!
m i had chix wings- talked about how much i loce chix thighs though lol
nice going to pick on up
mac bots are almost as obnoxious as Scientology bots.
HEART YOU TOO!
"running post-Windows Installer configuration timing actions" is a progress bar i'm actually waiting on right now.
Pretty much
i wanna egg roll !
for real? take a picture gorl c:
Bussin it back to nyc after a great furthur show in AC. Could go for some bathtub gin. Bus doesn't have air or BR, WTF.
Thanks again for your excellent presentation yesterday on HBCU Internationalization #NAFEONATION make sure to follow him!
FA SHO... RT : ugh I kno =\ money comes first
Even harder to believe that in 4 weeks to the day I will be flying to San Francisco.
That is incredible!!!! Looking forward to your thoughts.
4/7: First Commonwealth is hosting a wine tasting event @ the Wine Loft to benefit Go Red for Women. Email for tickets
The Proposal Monica amp Kyle - boating kayaking
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
Great! Glad to hear you are enjoying it!
haha that was in Spanish I just realizes. Good job huffer
I have two words for you.... MAINSTREAM GLOBAL BOOM!! okay..thats three!!
I was so excited that I got to meet Roxy! And yay for friends of friends!
Reference work is knowing plus imagination.
Random thought: Do they still make Fiddle Faddle?
and you know this...
LOL RT!": “ AND JUST THEN I SAW A LIGHT FROM ABOVE..NAW MY MISTAKE THAT WAS HIS FIST LOL” the wood!"
STOP 2ND TIME
So, uh, which dead philosophers should I follow on Twitter?
Red suit, sugar plum, evergreen, candy apple. What do these have in common? There all Christmas colors in our paint wheel. Let us show you.
Thank you martha burke RT : One great thing about the Masters: ZERO stupid, fucking nonsensical, shitty, unfunny commercials.
hi thank you for the follow i <3 u!¡!¡!¡
I will indeed, Kristine!
I guess that person wants a blow job from the heroin addict.
this week comin!! School Tour.
EVERYBODY IS A FUCKTARD!? That is all... good bye!!
Looking forward to presentation about her Haiti project! Can't wait to see it! Come check it out.
thinking about you all time, wait a message from you and note that it's not reciprocal ):
Call backs kicked my ass but sure felt good to dance again!!
welcome home!
Follow my new account ---> ask me for a follow back! Thanks
Girls at the office just asked me what's wrong with the toilet. Won't stop running. I don't know. I fix teeth. Clueless about toilets.
Following in the pace car RT always knew you had a lead foot...or is driving?
Rooting for a "close game"--when your team is playing a Big Game... You should want a BLOWOUT!!!
When a girl says: "I'm cold.", don't be stupid & say "me too."
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If a prisoner is behind in child support, the government can seize his or her commissary account.
Im threw fuckin wit yo no good ass
Wisconsin and Michigan I need yall to REPRESENT!!!
special thanks to my friends over at Alternative Addiction () for featuring The Colony on their website!
Lol this is so funny
Hmm, I'm over it all, now that my gurl's gone.
Thanks hun!! :) I'm down for any time you wanna go
Words make you think a thought. Music makes you feel a feeling. A song makes you feel a thought.
Divine fire would be good! Boiler off. Air conditioner on. Chicago frigid May. Bring on the Divine Fire!!!
how do I acquire as much knowledge as this man has?
okay. Not fair. Hahaha hate you.
So today was a super fun day :D
i didn't really want your number, your friend looks better anyway
That's actually a pretty good idea!
Eatin in the waffle house right now....everyone is so country!
#Parma Mayor Dean DePiero just spoke to my budget class. Great chance for students to interact with elected official. Thanks!
what was that website where you get free samples ?
Ok, I just discovered today is Keith Haring's birthday. And it's funny because I was wondering why his work was posted on Goggle's homepage.
Kuroda takes on familiar opponent in Darvish - Error
I'm gunna take that as referring to the sausage I made for breakfast yesterday morning... hahaha
agreed. : Maryland should be flagged and penalized 3pts for those hideous uniforms. NCAA gotta get this under control
TAKE NOTES GUYS THE TIME IS 9:45PM
was that a #dare?
Ain't got but a few ends/ way fewer friends and even less time to spend/ma/ so fk wit me the long way/ the strong kill the heartache... ...
Adam Clayton annoys me.
I think your amazingly talented your gonna go far even if it's not in music. Your song 11:11 is still my favorite song.
Actually, is correct. Ongoing use of oDesk is my decision. Long term relationships are key, as is ability to grow skills.
Still looking 4 suggestions on getting cash 4 #startup when U don't qualify 4 loan.Your suggestions R greatly appreciated.
my babies are doing good being that they are around all these big ass dogs
you know whats crazy everyone ;D PIMP ME
If they have delivery in Culver City, Calif., SIGN ME UP!!
and im leaving for johnnys
I'm reading Miss Peregrine right now and I'm loving it too!! Great concept!
I'll Let you on a Little Secret.. I am
RT : Deserves a RT and follow! : As a member of Aftra and (soon-to-be) SAGI'm voting YES for one union!...
Kids' Valentine's Day parties were a success!
Sorry I couldn't make it.
Please don't hate yourself. You are worthy of the highest love from yourself and others. Please believe us. :)
Shyt Brian won't send it to me. Hit him up maybe he will send it to u
it won't let me follow you!
You: Sorry I got a bad report card Mom, its probably because the stress that has been going around, Its common u know. Mom: Then why don'...
In your stream, you will see the posts of people who've added you to circles, even if you don't add them to your circles.
I urge you, first of all, to pray for all people. Ask God to help them; intercede on their behalf, and give thanks for them. 1 Timothy 2:1
"I want to taste your cunt"
time travel: the one thing I really wanted and didn't get.
That's my home-away-from-home! So we'll split it. You buy the first 2 rounds, I buy the next 2...
S/o to for following us. You ladies are such an inspiration. Much love. Thank you!
At work on my grind money is to be made
it was ur stupid fault for going on the plane
It just may be. Get it? May be? May? The month? No?
and i hate you rt now lol have fun
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowner’s’ biggest fear. Your house will sit too long on the market. It sounds
when you're not with me
Study hall today I think .-.
1/2 price martinis and food by Chef Jake Brenchley tonight at The Scholars Inn!! Plz rt
I know I'm watching too much Friday Night Lights when I start to tutor in a Texan accent. :(
“There are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before.” W. Cather
I saw Etheridge years ago and she plays a FANTASTIC show. Grace Potter is awesome. Pink Martini always rocks.
Love me? Great. Hate me? Even better. Think I'm ugly? Don't look at me. Don't know me? Don't judge me. Think you know me? You have no idea.
Dices, que soy imperfecta.......
So my twitter is being deleted, im done with unnecessary drama that it is causing my relationship. <33
we love you too!
After last night, my spanish is coming out with a russian accent. Next will probably be british.
Laying here talking to
hello friend. :)
We are a Go for Date Night! And now I must clean my house & stock up on snacks to please the 14 yo babysitter.
WEDNESDAY I MEET FRIDAY I GO FOR MY LICENCE WISH ME LUCK!! Then Seeing the neurologist in June for my next surgery -.-
she lacks the life skills I have
Vary your workouts! An overdeveloped set of muscles could lead to injury since stronger body parts overcompensate for weaker parts.
Folding laundry while I break in my new heels. If only I had Turk to do it for me~
He asked a lot of good questions :)
Another story of people jumping the gun and inferring things that simply aren't true. Sports analysts will never learn!!! #BraunNowBo!
Got high faiths my #RRFR mixtape gone see over 1,000 downloads again. Would be great to repeat #InDueTime's 8,000...!!
Obsession was thick!!!
I've created automated log ons to all those sites (on a protected web page, natch!).
Viral doesn't mean free. In the marketing space nothing is free.
Waiting on call backs.
Way to go generators!!!
done. RT : Detroit's reckless D-line aggression requires a LB like Tulloch behind it or you get the Eagles.
I'll die then, thanks..
six alarms between the two of us and neither of us got up on time
Protip: Choose "Creator". ;-) () RT : In every moment you have the choice to be a victim or a creator.
Grown-up Simba is hot. There, I said it.
RT : #BlueFriday RT this message by 10am and one random RTer will win an Justin Forsett autographed mini-helmet! Go Seahawks!
boom! Frustration of bacon smell with no bacon AND a huge mess to cleanup
Glad I'm off 2dayz :-)
The mechanic at the oil change place couldn't figure out how to start my car. Haha. Gotta love keyless ignition!
You got bugs? I got none! CC
Thank you for the pretty music! I miss you! Please come here! And bring and with you.
lets get this music on the radio!
if you wear glasses only as an accessory, you need to stop.
yeah I shop way too much most of my money is on clothes I can't help it I love to shop!!!
Oh, oh, and Ms. Spalding also covers MJ's "Can't Help It"-- which, I'm realizing, is quickly become the most oft-covered standard in jazz
From the window to the wall! Dayo
YES RHODES REGAINS THE TITLE
Hahaha you made me laugh.
Going to Casa Azteca tonight on a bus!
The number seven is a sign of rebirth like being born again
good thinking. Might as well Get Paid while I'm at it.
tnx I mean job search,social, b2b leads,connecting others to make things happen for them, group associations,3rd party intros?
This time next month will be exam week!
What a beautiful day!! Our awesome back patio is open!! Great people watching!!
S/o to the people who put their business on twitter but always upset that someones in their business
It is your martini shot! Great work this season :)
u started that hashtag not me. I just wanted it to have a little more substance to it. Fat boy.
Watching the Final 4 and sympathizing with UConn and Butler. Classic case of performance anxiety that many musicians experience. Cheer both!
In Italian class I'm supposedly Chinese and my middle name is Lee
No game means not watching Tex AB =positive RT : I'm guessing 95% chance of precipitation in Baltimore at 7 p.m. isn't good.
thanks for thinkin of me
“ #iLoveMyMomBecause she held me down playing best friend, mom and dad.”
its okay :p but ill miss tacobell tho :'/
I'd like to thank all the visitors I've been getting to my store! <3
Thanks for the ReTweet! See you at the M Bar tonight at 10 PM! :)
Today is National Women’s Check Up Day. Take the pledge to schedule regular checkups, and encourage other women to do the same....
Pretty much have to mute the #MLB Playoffs because of this stupid Written In the Stars song that they play incessantly.
We don't! I love them but the landlord won't!
Library peeps! I need a catchy title for a career panel featuring archivists, conservators and spec. libr., to entice students. Ideas?
Going to watch the Thunder game at my dads house! #Thunderup :)
"The right thing starts at the beginning of the day, not after you've been caught." John Crichton, "Farscape"
Listen kid you're not the only one who can yell incomprehensible gibberish at the top of your lungs on this flight here watch
Whatever then, it's cool.
so hows it Going
no it wasnt u sounded great with all of ur songs (:
I'm stupid.
I will exit your life if you abuse my time.
eeekk I'm bored
And, happy graduation. I'm excited for you and proud of you. :)
Just kidding I will never h8 Paola, shes my precious friend. <3
RT It's amazing how much better something tastes w/ just a lil bit of seasoning.
I wish they had a fantasy team for politicians- and they could score it by biggest words used and most promises and sex scandels
Chris Brown needs to be mine already...
Don't think the rabbits didn't.
I'll be there April 12-15th...let's meet up! Coffee or the park?
Wonder Twin Teachers Activate. For evil!
Thanks for your involvement & support, Sharon! Our kids must have learned well from your classes. :-)
keep ignoring my texts and watch what's going to happen!
Where my homie at! I'm looking at getting that apartment real soon. FYI hah
Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze. -Amanda Cross
I don't think I can go a day without saying Justin's name lol
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
really?! .--. Do a M&G in central park one day! Then you could play a few songs and attract a crowd.
RT : Students: nFusion is looking for smart, digitally-savvy creative interns for the summer. Wanna make something cool? DM me.
My boyfriend or whatever ya wanna call it trippin.
Hardcore dance off with hahahahaha
God is drawing the people you need but the people you have are killing them.
LT: I will make my decision at the end of the inning
Don't forget to check user reviews on Yelp, tripadvisor, Google, and Yahoo frequently. Don't be afraid to respond!
Watching #thevoice even though my girl juliet simms isn't on ... #raelynn is kicking ass though!
I Think Im Gonna Get My Belly Button Pierced On My Birthday Hm
Same damn time just came on. I could t help but laugh and think of him, at the same damn time lol
Anytime four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place
Today only happens once so make it count!!!!!
lol you'll get used to it fast, its not hard
in general...
When a girl is silent, it's dangerous. She's either about to blow up, needs a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
Missing puck drop!
is one of favorite preachers!
Not bad at al...
thank you for showing everyone what you're suppose to do when a position player is pitching!
why we can't go to the matinee lol
POLL: Do I tweet too many pictures of food? A: No. B: No, you don't tweet enough!
Losing followers but what ever i guess.
Does anything compare to #MarchMadness?? Go GREEN!
I'd see if you could get Harding
Thanks to our friend for an insightful and engaging webinar on #1to1tech. We'll have the recording available soon!
RT if you are a Chicago Dancer!
lol i'm tired. let me go to bedd
OT w/o any sprinklers going off on the field. Looks like IDOL and FOX local news will be tape delayed
#JuniorSeau ???? SAY iT AiNT SO - so sad :(
bring me a chunk!!! Dirty glacier water adds years to your life and makes you fertile.
Awwwhh! Kay, we're cool for now, Wizard. (:
and no I am not, but if that changes u will be among first 2 know RT : WTH! are you getting married? stop talking in tongues!
looking forward to your tweets! If you or any of your customers lock their keys in their car, call us! We'll get there fast
The deepest learning takes place in the deepest relationships.
Bout to go to sleep..
That was such an exciting game! SO GLAD to know that we won't face the Steelers again this season! So glad the GOOD GUY won
Try the coffee at tropical cafe in echo park.
Celtics won na I got some to brag about at work in the am lol
haha. Well apparently I was so out of it yesterday I put it back in the wrong drawer so the mystery has been solved. ;)
Heading home for thanksgiving!
I need your help guys! I wanna get to 500 #followers LETS MAKE IT HAPPEN! Love U All! xoxo
Love or Hate: Running in the rain?
But oh at least we know that if we die, we lived with passion.
Love how Alex Russo () always does things wrong :') #WizardsOfWaverlyPlace is amazing<U+2665> can't get bored of it ;)
Watched RJ Berger... LILY WENT CRAZZZYYYY! that was so good. an cant wait til the new season of Fantasy Factory :) so excited
Been on my grind so I can Shine
Agree RT!!!!!": i need to be a drug dealer !"
Byron Mullens has established new career highs in scoring the past two times he has played the Bucks.
At #nodesummit? Look for us at lunch if you want to node for a freshly funded rocket startup!
you take it easy now babe
An aside from vital Twitter topics: We got a new practice space dry-erase board! Must be how Metallica felt when Lou Reed joined the band.
Don't lie, no you don't.
Not a true fan of classic incense sticks? We'll forgive you.. Check out all our Gonesh smokeless product! They make great holiday gifts!...
I'll definitely let you know when we have invites available!
thanks!! Don't forget to check us out , www.StMongooseEnt.com
Just opened my swag from last nite's #newgirl party - thanks for the goodies! The bag is super handy & styling too. Can't wait for the show!
Gonna Win
Meeting this morning with an #attorney that wants to
You're a son of a bitch
Tsukiji fish market auctioneers are like dancers! Huuge tunas!
Why should we?
HAPPY YANKEES OPENINGS DAY, MY LOVES!!! #It'sthemostwonderfultimeoftheyear
Anyone that knows the dudes in we practice 2 houses down from them :)
ABOUT TO
if it's an #underwear video, all is forgiven!
2013 Jaguar XJ Ultimate -- An Ultra-luxury Sedan With A Hand Crafted Interior
I'm a fan. The nachos are KILLER
I was just described as an, "Impatient little Cheech and Chong."
One quarter left , #LetsGoHEAT !
President Fischbach says 57 amendments remaining. Take 1 down, pass it around, 56 amendments on the desk...
Today's gonna be a good day, I sense it(;
Just finished a concert at Sacandaga Bible Camp and sat on the beach at the lake. So beautiful here! Kingsville last night. God is good!
was wondering why I got a Facebook friend request.
Mexicans would not approve of a Chilean lunch.
well it will be $THLD. 2 companies in article tomorrow, the other, shush! part 2 of "hitting the jackpot with bio pharm"
that's why I love her so much! She gets my style ;)
most def! Good to see you too!
I love the mural!
Be a person that "gives" quietly. Don't "blow your trumpet in the streets to call attention to your acts of charity".
digging the service but would dig it more if I was wearing that free t-shirt you promised me :)
“To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” — Buddha
I think #madaboutit should be a trending topic. Could get funny
There are some things in life that you'll just never stop thinking about.
don't retweet me u fake!!!
Face down. Ass up. That's the way I like to.. SLEEP.
Rise. Walk. Meditate. Breakfast. Close email and Twitter. Work.
community and 30 rock never caught my attention. I watch sometimes but eh LMAO maybe one day
My Ok Go! station on Pandora has morphed into a 1999 hits playlist. Vive la Y100!
our friendly WMP pool is assigned & you are my draw! 1st place prize, set of Michigan Bib Overalls. Please don't disappoint.
You are a pure genius, Grays Anatomy is one of my favorite can't miss shows but Scandal is by far your best work yet
text me back woman!
Dices' date has a BAD weave on!! Sorry,I am with Dice
oh that one is fab! #drooling!
REMEMBER: Headache puppy does not approve the repettive refreshing
i don't care anymore you can think what you want and go ahead and say what you want but remember i was there for you when no one else was.
Ginger tea.
Addicted to piercings
#Lueke has learned much, but he is not a Jedi yet.
Council member Isaac Benton says there would only be a 1-2 month delay if public decides Paseo I-25 funding. Mayor says much longer.
RT: : "How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" ~ Maya Angelou
LOL! But I'm 10 minutes into I and I'm on the hook. So happy Rocky learned how to read and speak in public.
Leaving Sunday on business/holiday trip. Beijing>Shanghai>Xi'an>Hanzhong>Hefei>Yellow Mountain>Wuhan>Beijing. I hope 3 wks is enough time.
No way!
thats what I like to hear. Il be putting in a lot of work this summer. and contacting some music labels in USA and Europe
What is the hardest # interview question you've had to answer?
Assessments and auditions are DONE.
right the shot gun wedding!
Sitting outside of Manpower?
Individuals with strong EI recognize that they cannot react to time, they must see time as a resource and manage it effectively.
3 Teens in court today for the #WoodburnHighSchool fire - #BrentWeisberg with more
ALERT: Whoa! Too harsh! RT : DPS officers posted outside ready to impound unregistered bikes can go kill themselves.
i'll blush from cyberspace. and give whoever is in the studio a big kiss for me. from SF, that is.
It's time for our annual staff training! We'll be checking email/voicemail and will get back to you in 48 hours.
shhh big booty judy
I just need somebody to love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
that'd be a pool of lime flavored jello followed by a shower of cherry jello shots
y'all niggas need to start fuckin wit da southside I got y'all
I want them bad in 2012 :(
I think I've got 25,000 in my inbox
First up 2nite ChuckD, IceT concert then our #middleofnowhere party w Times have really changed at the dance!
Fingers crossed that the day stays rain free for our client's wedding today!
Won't catch me chasing a nigga trust mines gone b trying see where I'm at
I wish i could spend #valentinesday with my boyfriend.
This lady is a boo
: It's better to pray 5 minutes in faith than an hour in unbelief."
Give yourself for Christmas the gift of renewed health and weight loss. Make extra $200 -$500 p' /wk. Contact me.
she said ew but she'll still come cause its sunset
I love you Seev <3 Come to Arizona please (:
what's conditioner?
IU is shooting 58%, let me repeat 58%!! And they are losing!
you can.... Click on the small arrow at the top of people's status updates & you can hide them!
Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything.
Just lie down or sit in a chair and RELAX
It's awesome. Try the chicken nachos.
my ten yr old. who will be 11 in 11 days..sigh...drama
But hey I gotta accept the reality
IL models need to be re-vamped to include 'desire for info on the move' Competency-based models not inclusive enough
Ugh. One kid is finally getting over the flu & the other seems to be getting it.
Karen! I'm so sorry we didn't connect yesterday! I hope everything is going well for you. Was looking fwd to catching up!
do you work tomorrow??
My mom and I emailed each other at the same time. Mine said omg woke up w puffy eyes, im fugly. Hers said u must take a passport pic today
thanks much!
get rid of cable tv...use Hulu and other online and mobile devices
*gasp* What is that from?!
#Basketballwives Royce father is right... Stop having all those different dudes around your son and grow up...
There will be if I don't get more support for Jerry Kramer for Pro Football Hall of Fame #jerrykramer4hof :)
You live and learn. Everyone makes mistakes, the only thing to do now is to move on & better urself. Focus on the present and not the past.
Haven't heard back from you guys, how long does one typically wait for a response?
Lmao that nigga is uglier than the forever alone guy xD
Today needs to go by fast
The Love Guru and Pizza >>>>>>
Sugar free Red Bulls on me =) RT : damn, if I wasn't so tired I'd come support!
Hey what you doing
Doesn't really matter what we do. There's gotta be one good way to know. If what we're doing works we can do it night by night.
Whens the BAO-mobile stopping by your messenger service?
Good job tonight mediating the F2F meeting! I can tell its gonna be fun working with you!
Yep! Feel free to take the month off, if you'd like!
#FF welcome & thx for the mentions this week!
also get their own tweet because I also didn't forget them.
Got all morning in the studio. What could be better?
TY 4 Follow. How are you?
chillen are u single
Everyone enjoy your spring break!!!!
Hmm.. I may have to rethink my carrear path now. I was never into programing for the money..
#Boehner got a lot of news coverage yesterday, so, as a nation, we are about to suffer. Call it "code orange."
wow- twitter just lost tweets- at least 5 of mine..
YAY! RT: k I'm writing
RT : excited to be on letterman tonight with the extremely inspiring !!! please you tube his incredible speech
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary
Recognizing unemployment one of major problems in global cities, eliminate infrastructure barriers through Internet
Terri's Tuesday Tweets! Transform 2012 - 25% off the early bird price use code TTT25 mpsconference.com
i'm will be ok just have to figure things out
Boy oh boy! If feels like a Wednesday!
u lucky that u can do this for i would love to go ahead and do what u do but no company and no real good place in md
The best thing about my job is my chair rolls and spins lol Jp again
#Genealogy What does this mean? Agnes Cummins, infant, by Robt Cummins, her next friend, vs. John Rutherford.-Br.Promise.Writ, 21st Aug1790
let then be!
Thank you, my diligent twitter friends, for a quick save!
I'm so fed up with everyone around me.
The collective consciousness that lessens the risk of injury in exercise, improves functionality and enhances quality of life...
nice bounce back game by jeanmar
Grab some Mad Mushroom cheese sticks for me! :) RT : On my way to #Bloomington!
wow so what you expect me to do
Giving away a free donut to the first 10 people who enjoy their coffee and donut in-house before work, while studying, or passing time.
#1DPerfectPerformance trend it :)
So apparently aimed to outdo in the contest of "Utterly RIDICULOUS Magazine Covers". Oh look, it's a tie!
#YouShouldNever mess with a Mahomie. I love Justin and have since day 1 but. Come on..Beliebers can be rude to other fanbases.
haha not wyoming, just the dog ugly bitches ;)
Greeted by a francophone architect at #FedEx- Caught me off guard, how nice!; "Bienvenue à Atlanta!"
We've had a Roku for awhile so I never bothered. But I want the new one now.
I can't get this question out of my head...nor can I come up with a reasonable answer. I'm very lucky.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook Everything now.
Armstrong: X-15 was designed to fly fast (Mach 7) and hot, but *not* high
my name is ashleigh
One of us will be hurt, and clearly its not you.
Confused a photo of Giovanna Battaglia for one of Diane von Furstenberg just now & wondered briefly DO I EVEN *REALLY* DESERVE TO BREATHE??
Everybody not yo friend some like u for u or sum like to tawk bout u rs
Thanks for the follow. Will be using Klout to help sort a list of librarians by influence.
it does help but if you don't do a slow increase you will plateau faster with less results
Thats as much as I will say in twitter. I left you a VM Mike call me Ill go into details. Garett also was ditched.
haha! They do look so good! Enjoy your special day!
Seems like the kind of day for a Queen marathon, no?
Thanks!!! Send me an email & let me know what you are doing. It's so nice to hear that your #usfpr degree is paying off!!
Ima thug, I'm a real thug I shot tupac
Tell me what you're considering - curriculum?
wear floaties... (or any safety floating device!!!) these eyes are deep!!!
Did anybody know blind people can text on the phone?
That's what I said!
#raw10 with being a stand-up comic, I try to find Humor in everything. But there is not a Damn thing funny abt all the Trayvon Martins'.
#YEE okay, is there a deadline for it to be done by? I could get it ready for tomorrow or tuesday!(:
Yes! For $15/yr, we'll get free admission, free school field trips & maintain DIA's legacy for our children.
It's all the roach ... ahem ... doo doo, Deepak.
i barley get on this shit
Costco withh momma
Especially considering the #Eagles had a deal on the table with the #Lions last summer for 2011 3rd and 2012 2nd
a little "nostalgia for the countryside" feeling today - pandora app and sun by the pool for some r&r
Now I just need steak bites to go with those
Why do Danny Granger and Paul George fabor each other
Make me not wanna come on twitter when doesn't tweet for more then 24 hours :(
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I like bad boys..tattoos, piercings, scene/emo hair, and in a band... :p
Style with a conscience! #socent #ethical fashion pop-up this weekend in NYC at benefiting
": When someone really loves you, they don't have to say it, you can always know it by the way they treat you."
When your Beautiful, you need nothing/no one to make you feel good on the inside or out! You stand in confident in who you are, as you are
Anyone want to see Joe Rogan with me Friday night in Pasadena? Ticks are $20
2 weekends left observing "my" lion pride. Bittersweet ending as coincides w/ going back 2 school. how you've changed my life!
We open and close doors everyday in our lives, based on the choices we make. Trust in the fact that everything happens for a reason.
Jst got backk from my interview: hopefully I get Tunis job
you are welcome! Happy Friday!
RT : True freedom is not needing to be someone special in other people's eyes. You are lovable & can be accepted. 1 John 4:9-12
you are a true
it's great the people you can meet in nyc airports! great buyer and store/site too. hope we can be friends!
Bo has never cared what the national media has said about him or his program in the past. Why should he change his tune now?
Why are people turning on Bobby?? He didn't kill her! DAMN PEOPLE!
think me & Rhiannon are gonna come visit you!!
#OWS can be discredited when corps get involved since it is a citizen uprising- Greenpeace is treading carefully to get involved
I'll give it a swift one! RT D Scott, PhD Can you kick #LaNina in the #$$ on it's way out for me? :-)
What do you think I should get your mom for Mother's Day?
call me a bitch again
Thanks for having us - had a great time with all of you rising PR stars!
Going out for lunch looking like a doll
You need to figure out what you love,and place yourself according to that, or you're going to end up miserable no matter what city you're in
That sounds great!
oh my gosh, this is why I love you :') <3
Today is the filing deadline for Q1 in Florida. We will have an analysis later today. Stay tuned!
Founder of > has no problem answering any questions or takings of suggestions.. We live 2bring forth a better #LIFE!!
We are having a blast! :)
she is here
RT And the award for "Movie With the Most Nominations that Noone Ever Saw" goes to "Hugo"
happy halloween! Its me mums bday!
will you go to my high school prom with me in june?
Do like bottle or draft beer better, ?
That awkward moment when you're trying to get champagne hookups at a party and your mom walks up telling you to go home
Now it is hard to even get Vincent to notice me anymore. He did a long time ago, but I forgot I take screen shots. Sadly... ):
We hope so, though it's not certain! Thanks for your interest!
I heard we're riding next week!
Happy Hour has begun!!! Join us from 4-6pm for 1/2 price sushi!
20 min and our Sunday is gone ;(
Swimming in the pool is like running on a treadmill...#Boring. Can't wait for open water swimming!
Choose your words wisely. They can never be UNheard.
If variety is the spice of life, mastery is its crack.
just like you
Tell them to punch their-self 8 timesRT : The worst UofL fan I know just hit me with "get over it, the season is over".
we do!! lol
"Eyelid movies."
i dont think it was overhyped. it was just a trade of two below average guys. those happen all the time.
we've always known the music industry is full of the devil, haven't we?
Doug said Turner would start the rest of the year! Liar and he has ruined Turner!!!! Outrageous!
I'm bored out of my mind!
“: I think before moves him and should make a cool morning 3!”
Going to stop working for tonight and just signing off, thought I would say goodnight to my fellow twitters. GOodniGhT everyone...
Everything is temporary.
It's more to make you feel like you're not alone...
gangsta party stove on my waste cook yo ass up gourmet lol
The Love is Amazing ...
oh wow, congrats man!
My backyard smells like funnel cakes and BBQ. There might be a faint smell of stale beer also. Ah is only once a year!
awesome! Wish I could be out there to see! Glad your playing and have fun!!!
Is so bored.
Taking care of Angel and watching Monsters Inc
holy balls are you going!?!!!
what is the name of the city? or town
Happy Valentines Day :)
Hair did!
weird.. you already peer edited mine!
Bryan Cranston... That is all.
Good morning...
I can't help where I'm shingles at
We can help evaluate your mom's condition. many of the conditions can easily be treated.
Time to check out your posture... or check out our Posture Shirts...
If you use people, you only limit yourself to their discretion.
RT : Now if we only had a mountain to ski on tomorrow, this would be the greatest blizzard ever.
Already in a bad mood.
Just watched the Avengers movie trailer - Man, did I love that comic as a kid!!!
you guys were amazing(: forever
Glad u enjoyed! Who hijacked it from my FB? LOL
Off to the park with these rug rats.
Just because it comes in ur size does NOT mean buy it
With your New Addition Bobby Brown button on your sleeve...
Lift up your shoulders towards your ears. Breathe in deeply. Then release on the exhale.
More like they're too lazy to go out and take their own damn pictures.
a little girl said that when she saw selena she was gonna kill and her father said no and justim felt bad.....
Thank you for the follow! Happy Friday - Jo
Admit it, when a guy gives you a compliment you automatically think he is into you.
Happy Belated B Day Bonita!!!!!
It's killing me, swear I never cried so much cause I never knew love would hurt this fucking bad; The worst pain that I ever had
Well if atleats gets out I hpe the #spurs stay in.
#UKnoUrPrioritiesAreFuckUp when u wearing Gucci and ur car beat up
Out on Newbury Street in Boston with friends!!
I want to say today couldn't possibly get worse, but I fear what might happen.
I really need some sleep.
Did you know?...Milwaukee has a sustainability department.
"Drive" with Ryan Gosling... tonight. Media screening. I'm excited!
Looking for hat trick from ether blue or red team
You guys are open to the public, right? Just directed a member of the public there..
Somewhere #tpaw is thinking - and I got out of #2012 race coz I lost to #Bachmann. Worst decision in politics or saved my dignity?
Whomever coined the phrase "DO NOT attempt to do EVERYTHING yourself, you silly bastard" is a straight genius! And I'm a stubborn fool.
It's saturday.. I don't have any reason to be up. Yet I am at 7 am -_____-
Take deep breath, girl...it'll be alright!
ITS VERY VERY IMPORTENT, ARE YOU GIVING A KONZERT ON THE 24th FEBUARY IN MUNICH .... ?????? MUCHLOVE
Hahah nice! so good! Thanks for the mention!
Thnx Chris. Have an awesome & productive weekend!
My Top 5 Favorite Trip Hop/Ambient Groups Of All-Time: 1). Portishead 2). Puscifer 3). Massive Attack 4). Tricky 5). How to Destroy Angels
Free Sat morning?
No-Entry Zone Eased Around Japan Plant Wall Street Journal Families with children, a group most vulnerable to radiation-related damage,...
Aries Moon sext. Jupiter, conj. Venus: A great day for taking action! Shop, clean, take a hike, snowboard, socialize, put yourself out there
Lol I just don't talk to people my own age anymore. Don't take it so personally..
&TheDylanHolland <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8> <--- he's Roberto. Kay?(:
Memorial Mall with my sisters.
I know its not friday but our favorite follower is
Life sucks
What a great American Folklore Society meeting in Bloomington, IN - kudos to the #AFS11 staff and organizing team for a meeting well done.
Dream on bozo! x
“: Ugh...the offseason. I'll miss listening to 's calls on the radio, the band, the excitement” You could take up golf
Some people just can't be helped.
Exercise in the 'now'. MindFirstFitness.
jesus christ i love movie musicals
In Chicago. On a plane. Listening to LSU/Arkansas
will win this and it won't count and it stinks! And I didn't think she should be on the world team but now, she's just wow!
For serious?
I miss you so much :/
Does anyone know why the American Historical Association is not holding an annual meeting this year?
It's ironic that my love for bibimbap and a capella did not happen simultaneously. Fortunately, being a big dork is a constant in my life.
that's why we have opinions, but i do pay attention. i'm just not a fan, if i see change then i'll think differently
thanks all
What's going on with you, Catrina?
Guy: you remind me of my big toe!Girl: why?Guy: Cause I am gonna bang on a piece of furniture in my house! (pickup line I just heard in bar)
Beat LA
Thanks! We're going going to do some iterating on it next week, to track removals, too. Happy to share how.
Lol I love how justin is literally the sweetest guy on the world. Like he's one of a kind guy.
hey meg u wntd to watch transformers rite?
Thank you, Tadd!
not watching your Ducks?
Don't let life just happen to you! Create a Life Plan to make life happen for you!
the consequenses that i've rendered, ive gone & fucked things up again
I had a really good time last night :)
Got a Blubbie t-shirt for my birthday from Lookin' slick!
Is there a free shitter n here?! I need to shit wily willy bad
It's official! Friend and I just signed our lease! Hardwood floors, granite countertops, and a rooftop deck.
Good on ya mate, get your arse here then. Good times to be had indeed!
Great story this a.m. about taking calls on air about RG3 Friday night
Chillin on my way to philly soon
new aaron tv technologies. stay tuned.
Loved all those tweets asking who Paul McCartney is. Well ... I'm still waiting for the answer.
That's cuz my tramp stamp is on my arm!
He is lucky to be married to her!!!!
Ray Lewis is 250 lbs, and Mayweather is 145ish… and that's all 250 coming at you vs a portion of the 145
ps it looks like some bad stuff might be headed through your area soon, stay safe bb!
Hahaha mom just about threw up with the drink i made. Apparently 1 shot to a can of coke is too much for her.
I always want what I can't have. And it sucks!
on the phone :)<3333
email please
You're in my FB friends. Are you following here?
Good Morning Benjamin [$(100)$] it's about that time, wake all ya buddies up, we gettin back to the money
a monkey
I like when you're patronizing in the right way.
Free cancer and vision screenings for homeless vets today at Military Museum in Old Sac.
woah ;o ! Thanks anyways(:
“: Done! Had no idea you were on twitter. I would kill for some of your duck mole right about now”
under that argument nobody in baseball would ever sell because the money will always be more
I sit in a cubicle during the day and try to take pilates
You might have her but I have her heart
whitney houston hits playing tonite...Playing thru the NIGHT!
Get it together, girl.
This little piggy limped 26.2.
We can't agree! He's been awesome with said posture.
how much for the 35mm copy after the screening? This is my absolute favorite movie of all time please consider :)
I want some
“ He loves you when: Missing u is his hobby, caring for u is his job, making you happy is his duty, & loving you is his life.”
SO TRUE!
RT : It's all good stuff. Half of it I think I need. The charging station and drying rack might be purchased here soon.
I think it's hilarious how much the staff at this Davanni's hate each other & how much they don't even hide it.
Have him or her send a resume to and we will do our best!
You really need some lotion
crazy... Just stopped dating someone bc he thought it was too much to walk around car.. Men in my life said he can't be trusted
Austiinnnnnn! Feels like you haven't tweeted in years;o
Danielle he is strong hopefully he will wake up they say surgery went well but his brain tumour isn't right
You think well, of him. RT : Hereafter, when I think of gangrenous rot, I'll always think of Steve Doocy.
Something in that simple song just gets right to my core.
Thanks for sharing!
Lepore says democratic playing field leads to seeming in#civility -- more people participate-- not only the polite classes participate
thanks - i'm hoping it provides a good workshop structure for a new book project
Awesome! Thanks so much and glad you enjoyed it!
Support Live Music Ya'll!! Buy CDs & tees while you're there. Makes the world go round & round.
“: Ive gotten so much out of the DVDs and newsletters. Now to make it to event.” Great to hear! Hope u make it!
I haven't been this happy just because of a movie in a long time. I'm still crying. And I may regret Tweeting tomorrow.
Oh hello headache. I've missed you. I'm not sure if you're hangover or vaccine related but please let me die in peace
I didn't realize that was him at first. So hard to identify him when he doesn't have a wife-beater on
hey folks- check out
Seismic setback - the building appears to need more than we can afford to give. New idea has us considering new construction - are we crazy?
Nothing you could ever do or say could fix this.
It's almost time to pick a page from the Great Big Toys R Us Book & win all of the toys on it!! -Kristin Burns
My first house in the recall signatures was in the boonies, old personalized plate that said "guns" on shed wow, got signature
Ahh.. gotta love comin in to 1st period after a 3-day weekend with the words "Timed Writing" on the board.
Lmfao that was a half asleep high af kinda tweet. ;)
Listening to Gene Harris Quartet "In A Mellow Tone" from Live In London... One of the swinginest things I have EVER heard
Glad to hear it! See you then!
If you have a run-saving defensive SS, and you put him out there everyday even though he has no bat, he saves runs in big spots. Am I wrong?
u goin to summer school?
I am to get my hair like his now.... Huge fan.
why aren't you talking about the fact that inside kicks go away to leaving no chance for comebacks late in games!
Is there a hashtag archive of the MLA e-lit readings/performance?
yep I'm going to sleep now
TIP-UP!
Exactly a week from today gajskxisnsyuaksnfkeoetatatagrnwk!
/: it's late here and I wanna sleep but if Austream will be today I wanna see it! :D
There are TONS of things that secretly bother me
Shaun! ugh how come our texting always gets messed up? :(
Help our new intern ( ) reach his 100th follower!
Why am I awake????
Bro. Frisner touched and inspired so many. He is with the ancestors. Ashe.
Dear #PRSSA friends: RT :... for those who LOVE the 99 Problems Tumblr, the comedic brilliance is on Twitter.
No red jerseys around the hoop when Ohio State puts the ball up
2-man league on Monday night! Time to sign up for some fun. All new format and great prizes. call for info 608-244-4325
Great! I hope you enjoy it. Would love to get your opinion when you finish.
Pam cooking spray will dry finger nail polish
to the name dropping scumbag: i don't care who you've "worked" with. you probably annoyed them as much as you did my band tonight
28% voter turnout in Madison, slightly lower than statewide turnout prediction of 35%.
thanks for the #FF love, have a great weekend!
Tomek Design brings you zenBUNS. Social marketing, a great way to use the web. What do you like about social marketing?
I'd rather hide behind these walls, pretending I don't care at all.
Cute designs at Officeport this Friday reminded us of our old friend Milk, and of course Coffee and TV from our old friends, Blur.
So tired can't even finish this sent...
I have always liked listening to Tribe 8. Thanks for following me back! :)
- hey man! I've been trying to find the link for the Dance Dept subscriptions going forward. Can you point me in the direction?
Oh no
's new song #BOYFRIEND is now out <3 :D
$100 gift card? That's a one-way ticket to margarita paradise! (And food nirvana too!)
re:new taps. I second but also suggest one or two belgians: St.Bernardus, La Chouffe, Malheur
2 Shows officially booked in the next month!!!! Stay tuned!!
I wrote all my songs :)
And if you have any problems, please let me know. As the owner, I am very concerned about complying with allergies and intolerances
Just did the electric slide to wake my self up :)
1)The experience 2)the food
nerf guns are awesome! I have a whole box full. We boys play with them at work. Including my boss! Hahaha.
#BecauseItsFriday its the weekend!
Right back at ya sweetie. Enjoy!
Ok. Which is good < or >?
I'm really irritated right now..
#bbrunch12 It's only Banner after someone cries. Who will it be?
looks like took his site down... Was there an "offer he couldn't refuse" involved?
Great meeting with BR Uncorked founders about an Inherit event in May! Should be really fun.
My neck is killing me... At first I thought it was a stiff neck from sleeping on it wrong...now I'm not so sure.. it being day 3 of this..
Best way to get ready for drag?? Listen to and #HotCouture... Bitch got it stuck in my head
Summer come soon I can't take school much longer.
Most companies plan budget for a year ahead - that doesn't work for #socialmedia - Have to move budgets around quickly
Lazy hands make a man poor, but diligent hands bring wealth
Loco #148 use to be on the UP lines I see, according to some research just conducted by using Google.
Wish I could go! Alas.
you know you wanna follow me
@ you too beautiful!
i dont let that little prince anywhere near my drink....or food.
This is some classy shit in here
sounds fun :)
I concur! Been cooking Passover's greates hits with mom and sister all day.
I am quite jealous. What class?
Did you know that the tallest skyscraper in Miami is the 789 foot tall Four Seasons Hotel & Tower via
why? this gotta be funny..
<U+2665> the sun but we need the rain <U+2602>
I'm not "trynna" go anywhere.
Packers will play better D on this field in Feb. than the Badgers are tonight.
omg i dont mean to be noisy but i saw wat yuur gf send to yuhh :( thats rude/sad thing to tell a girl:'(
we had so many years we should have been in the super bowl. Lots of painful memories. 4th and 26...
cool,did u hear somethin u like
what's wrong ?
cause the lions suck!!!!!
Writing a new intro for TMHF2. Any suggestions on what we should do?
: Thanks! Hope your week is wonderful. :)
Haikus are 5/7/5 syllables, brah RT : Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me Monte
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com come watch all the live hockey games here just register and enjoy your favorite teams play thanks.
Are you familiar with the play BEIRUT? It is a love story written in the heart of the AIDS epidemic in NYC. I'm producing it...
Affirm: I am trying my best, I acknowledge my best work today.
All accidental : Accidental or on-purpose sightings?
We are one order away from 1000 orders on ! Who will be number 1000?
You'd be so much cuter if u didn't have a rapists Mustache thing goin on
Spending Christmas with the family in Illinois. We have no snow but there is good food and fun with the nieces.
Are you on the #KobeSystem yet?
no problem! Happy 2012!
Florence and the machine at radio city!
I agree, I think ignores fits our school. We are a 1to1 middle sch, I do a unit with a school in TX, not encouraged or noticed
I love public transportation. I feel like I'm really helping the environment when I ride it. And I just saw Speed.
Work is a lot better when I'm leaving at 930 to go see and the take the series vs the Reds.
: Thank you for the nice compliment! How is the luxury dog business/
wait, who wants another unit? Naked male or transit police.
Joshua is going home!!! WTH?????
TRAFFIC - CRASH- WB Belt @ Whitney Way - 2 cars, out of traffic, delays
Don't be an accomplice in your own demise...
Judy Hale is in Denver Wed. eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates & more. The public is welcome; small $. www.ispi-frc.org
doesn't stand a chance against Three Lines of Coke.
Our email is or you can come to our store 1237 Santee street Los Angeles CA, 90015
Who doesn't have an open bar at their wedding?!?! WHY wouldn't you??
“: Let's go New Mexico State!!!!!” typical
Thanks. It was weird to be happy and sad most of last week.
me to
"Transforming Education Through Digital Learning" by Meri Robinson & Christina Jerome is one of 60+ breakout sessions at
I'd say do it, just in case that this is a dream as well. I have seen Leonardo Dicaprio running around alot lately.
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on
It's goin down tomorrow nite at Southport Hall!!! 9pm doors
Yes it is your in great company. Some people I know some I need to reach out too. Again, Congrats!!
Purchase at any #IHOP and do the survey on the receipt and get a free Short Stack next visit.
y was it down?
In honor of the December 9 announcement, I'm going full-on playlist for the afternoon.
Come in this weekend to see the new Fall
Libbie/Grove sidewalk sale Sat. Feb 26. Books of all kinds for $1!
one day we're gonna have to plan a night for you to stay over. I'll rent Gears of War 3 and we can beat the co-op overnight
“: When my cat says, "love me," you drop the computer and love him up. #lifewithcats” oh my god! Me too!
while you doing god knows what in atlanta
Hieber’s keeps eco-friendly by recycling paper & plastic, using energy efficient lighting and more! www.hiebers.com
Oh yea, don't forget the bass pro shop hat. I need that
Mariners-Red Sox Preview (The Associated Press)
Happy Valentine's Day! We're doing something a little different w/the dedications you sent in! They'll be randomly played throughout (cont)
Thanks to those who came and supported at our first show! Very small crowd due to conflicts with other events but we had a great time!
Diaw starting for #Spurs. Must have earned the starting job 4 reducing his pregame meal from a supersized meal to a regular meal
Have anyone overcome a social barrier?
Mountaineers need to score a TD! Now!
Oscar Time! is gifting #handmade #pottery earrings to #celebrities #Oscars #GBKOscarsLounge via
It's Thursday another day to make dat money n I gotta pay a dam ticket fukers o well I make enough to pay dat shyt
Just downloaded our 1st unlimited access ebook onto mid.school FollettShelf! Lost in a River of Grass - IA Teen nominee.
Whirlwind 24 hours.
hi emily! You have a, library job yet?
it is a good one. Xxo happy mothers day Pam.
Had to give my dog a bath! Now she is all clean and dry, while i'm wet and soggy. Thanks for shaking on me, love. -___-
I already knew it was a chonga voice before I read it was. I know you so well :*
I am so bored
Damn I've been M I A, cause I'm on my J O B. RT if you relate.
the only Elf thats worth twetting about is Dobby!!! i wish i had a friend like him
So many people just lit up right now
No he is one from my youtube channel.
Loved the ambiance! So comfy and delicious food too! I could stay for hours!
i love you im your bigest fan
You made the alumni section! What are your thoughts on the recognition from
lmao it ain't that bad in da D!!!
Is Ramses at the party?
shoutout to c:
I'm delivering to a McDonald's right now,I was pissed that there drivethru opened at 5am on a Sunday
Hahaha, your face is priceless. :P
we look at your social footprint. MT Looking for a job? Make sure #LinkedIn profile is up to date! Some don't take resumes.
Used a cheap #nailpolish and now my fingernails are yellow! Too much pigment or bad quality?? Could be a mixture, #Quality is key.
Forget the #BigGame the biggest thing next weekend is the Big Bash for the #Bambino Feb 4 in Detroit 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
Mark your calendars! B.Smith Restaurant is sponsoring our event for our fundraiser on September 14 th 2009! See our website for more info! w
Where's my Thursday night? I don't just want it, I need it.
Think of a number 1 through 10. Double it, Subtract 1, add 20, multiply it by 5, add 2, divide by 2, close your eyes, dark, isn't it?
and congrats on ur masters :)
I'm engaged!
same here. Well if you just logg out and push create and account. You dont need email confirmation.
RT : Congratulation to bones for fighting like a true champion tonight good job champ
the raised court.
I Got All The Black Bitches Mad Cause My Main Bitch Vanilla .
Watching Pretty In Pink in the closed Circuit City parking lot in Silver Lake was glorious. Thanks and Sonja.
i could never ever be a teacher
Men like there women secure and comfortable in her own skin
what's wring with them!?:(
That nigga did his mf thang last night...my girl damn near peed on her self!!!
Ha! I agree.
do we get a dm?
A3 #sbchat British Open biggest mktg winner = (Northern) Ireland golf tourism
Matt Kemp and Josh Hamiltion... Unreal. Straight killing the ball
Am I being punked or do I really just have the world record for getting stood up?? At least it's a good laugh w/my friends!
I would love to see him sneeze mid-sentence
Rise and shine back on my grind #MAC$$$
My apartment? Are you referring to 80/20?
Please come to Houston and Hudson... we have an ice cream hungry office
So, my first round draft was essentially: 1.5 - David Wilson, 1.8 - S. Bradford/J. Baldwin, 1.12 - I. Pead
So excited to have joining us in our studio this afternoon!
Well, I may have something for but they wouldn't believe me. So sad.
#Whitneycnn "Let the Church Say Amen" By Andraé Crouch
Would you rather tun through sticker bushes naked or not see your mom for a month?
lol I'm bored
Well to my city whatcha think?
I have a present that I am gonna give to u via
Just let me muh fuckin love you
I never really know A killer from a savior 'Til I break at the bend
Always-late participant? Arrange room to minimize distractions, start on time with something of value, set ground rules. ~ Pike and Arch
thanks for the shout out!
#thingsihate the receptionist in the medical office waiting room asks you why you're there in earshot of everyone. Not your business!!
Thanks for the re-tweet, come visit soon!
#nytm Using technology to solve real world problems. Love.
Thanks for the RT, ! Hope to see you on September 11th!
On our way to the Los Angeles Zoo. Never been, so looking forward to it. Gonna take lots of pictures so John can redraw and put on istock.
I've been given 6 amazing & insane months. That beard was there with me every step of the way. I actually saluted it when it was over.
Sorry, I'e been away so long. Office move nearly complete and off to New Zealand in 1 week!
Iam a peoples person:-)
that made me chuckle:)
woops my mistake. What u got going this weekend?
Hope you're doing well, it's supposed to be a nice day
lets get u back in here:).
Drooling over a fellow train passenger's "Gigantic Origami Gift Set."
And, usually, that is just so the civil rights abusers can get away with being scofflaws and evading civil rights laws.
The BoSox have some serious issues.
*nods* Also, he's a public official, she's a constituent. She doesn't owe him admiration. Good grief.
I read your post & sighed, took another sip of my coffee. Love my guy who golfs, guitars & skateboards! No chaos.
I wonder if the tendency for guys to call other guys, of whom the know relatively little, "brother" began with Hulk Hogan.
On the train heading into the city, eating bread pudding and listening to Ray of Light. All is well with the world.
Thanks! We'll check it out
yeah that hurts. not only wisconsinite, but tribe member
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
That awkward moment when you learn something and it suddenly appears everywhere for a few days afterward
what do you call a Bear with no teeth? A Guuuuummmmyyyy Bear Ha you so silly
Music video on the way, who would love to see that?
RAY ALLEN MISSES A FREE THROW WITH LESS THAN 10 secs!!! Really??
Ah, okay then.
The awesome business people Walker is talking about are #obviously both of my roommates. Can two people win one award? No? They should.
“: You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically.” Love On Top!!!!
If you want a great tan... 55% Off at U Tan through dealoria.com.
This is the last week of Major League Lacrosse regular season, playoffs start soon. Washington Bayhawks still fighting for a berth
#RobDyrdek you just made my day hahaha so funny
why should someone pay for something that goes against their morals?
RT : Al Sharpton RT : Teddy Roosevelt RT : Who was the nigga in the 1st fight that got knocked out?
I so prefer XTina pre Honey Bake.
but still a cutey...at least thats what the girls say
Carl McIntyre collection contains correspondence from fans. #marac #s17 I love letters like that!
Looking Foward to our Performance Showcase Tonight at 8pm!
go after it! “: Early start! HUGE meetings in Boston! #bringit”
I want to watch Battleship!
In my time away from Portland I've lost the ability to distinguish men with lumberjack beards from each other. I apologize in advance.
Forcing myself outa bed
as in do, make it happen!
look at the girl in front of the camera... Hahaha
hey your call. Anytime
Dr.Conrad Murray should get jail time,to send a message to these Money Hungry Doctors in Hollywood. Dr. Murray is simply a drug dealer!!
Who watched Ms. Basia Quartz on youtube? Good is what is not .*>
Creativity, what this generation seems to be lacking.
HOSA Banquet was fun last night (: I only wish it didn't have to end early :/
you're almost with 5,000 followers:) let's go Adam! Never give up! :D we Love u so much!
Y THAT SEXY MAN UR ICON?! Lol you're adorable too sweets :)
Oh my gosh i love that song ! Awesome :)
What's up tweets? Been away a few days, Hope everyone is OK Big week-end coming up!
funny you say that considering half of your tweets in the months of march and april were about me.
Suffice to say J. Kaplan + A. Winslow finished off the Freud Explosion by reading from a ridiculous adaptation of.. you guessed it..
Getting ready to head out to dinner with hubby & MIL... Cheat night!! Can't wait.
Friday's are a good day for brewing! Schedule a brewing appointment for tomorrow!
Really? Guess everybody is feeling that way today! Needing to belong, that is!
is awesome. How else am I going to indulge in the TRON soundtrack?
Though Its Easy To Misconstrue I Am Hood Like You
RT Flying from snowy NY 2 snowy UK now. Sitting next 2 very hungover lady who looks like she's been awake a month. Hi, mom!
RT : RT : Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer. When it says, 'Titanic is syncing', push cancel. Then ...
your wrong in everything :]
So glad I didn't fall for your lies.
hahahaha very funny
#IfWeedWereLegal i'd hav a box of jays not cigarettes ^__^
I was hoping you knew that was about you gurl. (;
I wish I could say for sure that somebody really said it. I *wish* they did ;) Either way, yeah, it's still totally true.
Thongs hanging from my rearview mirror (;
You can watch for tweets , is tweeting about it
Go mobile w/ #prettyprogressive! Download "Live 365" on ur mobile ph, search "UCTC radio" & stream live TODAY @ 11AM CST w/
Bitches fighting over a towels and shit!
clearly it's time for me to send you a friend request on fet.
#Tomyunbornchild i love to spoil you all.
It gets better. By taking high resolution scans of records you can actually play them back digitally.
Innovation and Invention together w/ Comprehensive Immigration Reform to KEEP talent in our country.
So much work left,
Find My iPhone is not available in all countries
Is there any Short cut in life so why millions of people dont believe in working hard
Today starts week 5 of 7 for radiation and chemo. So far, time is passing quickly!
Lmao that's funny. And I bet it was.
Old age is a shipwreck. Charles de Gaulle
Too many baby daddies not enough fathers.
I'll be voting, not dating. lol.
Welcome to the twitter of the Street Muse Project!
those girls are smokin...understandable!!!
To Relieve Headaches: Close your eyes, massage your forehead & the back of your neck firmly w/ finger tips & your #headache will go away.
Waiting for Godot.
yes, we really do (:
V-core is too expensive to chance it being stolen. Only fish oil. Gotta keep up the omega-3s.
they would buy us those cheap ass dollar store action figures or those dollar tiger hand held games. lol wack shit
I really need to find a gym & get my arse back in it! It's easily been well over 2 months
Any good ones you can think of? RT I need a list of Ian Darke's adjectives. So descriptive, rarely repetitive.
"Siegfried" tonight. http:/www.jarrettburch.com
feminist organizing brunch was a great success
Watching zombieland its a bad ass movie so far.
No school for me today .
We decided to call it Circle Time, but your idea was super-cute, Anna!
Getting ready to revamp my etsy shop and try some new items ;)
Never leave the one u love for the one you like
Cullen Jenkins is close to being a Deadskin too
Doing nothing in art feels so good
It would be fun just to go through the experience lol! How are you doing? Long time no tweet :)
feelin so good .... Wanna take somebody on a date str8 afterr school ..
looking forward to seeing you there!
May have to do with time of day that I shot 4x5 Tri-X. Was outside/too bright and washed out. HP5 is super creamy though.
Aw, good luck and blessings to you and Shannon and your family :). From her JLM friend.
Birthday dinner. I'm grateful to the hosts but I hate making a big deal out of my birthday. It's awkward and makes me very uncomfortable. :(
Thank you for the RT.
one built in on your computer....
Looking through these 8x10 #PealeBCLM negatives, I wish I had an office within earshot of Francis.
Damn violetta is delicious!
awesome i wish u could come to lubbock
Back at the crib. Took son to piano lessons. See y'all at #Bcspot for the show.
Finally #Friday whoo hoo! Short work day and dinner at makes me a #happygirl :)
I wanna go c Avengers
RIP KARL MALDEN. GUESS THIS IS A GOOD MONTH TO DIE!
PAULA. No Pinterest! Chop chop!
end of day in work context usually means 6pmish.
Hi Darlings - thanks for the RT! Love your hilarious blog (I am probably repeating myself)!
Big hair fancy clothes rockstar in the spotlight!
Unfortunately I will be traveling, but come by #Rouge, #Zuri, or #WestWing at #MGMGrand for my concoctions!
I will be a busy girl in the spring. On the upside, I'm really getting off on ordering free exam copies of books.
It's snowing !
Never thought this day would come... Brother sister sister bonding time :)
Wow ! What a spa party that was. Boy! Adrienne is a very lucky lady. I thought she was funny with the chicken.
headed to show in a lottle bit... Im going to have fun while I'm sick... That's #dedicationthatis.... #ifeellikepuking :'(
60 degrees? Where is the rain? I want rain.
Thanks for being so useful at Chicago Small Business Expo. You should check them out for the upcoming event.
#Museum Monday 2nd fascinating museum on Sanibel attached to impressive CROW hospital for wildlife-tells story of heal & release philosophy
Pizza and ice cream? Oh yeah. Cc:
RT “ RT : Be a good steward of your body. We are fearfully and wonderfully made!
im the truth my record label put the house on me, that bitch u kissing she just love to put that mouth me,
I almost never know what day if the week it is, but almost always know the date.
you crack me up man! make my shitty day better.
Who's coming to see Seladore on the 15th at the Hard Rock #orlando?
The #KentuckyDerby sits just behind 'illegal roadside fireworks stands' in my list of "things that are so American." Cannot wait.
Stress free, drama free, sucka free...
oh jesus christ a nicki minaj song.
I wish that MvF would come to Long Beach would L-O-V-E Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles..m:)
did you get it
What is there to say? You know the drill! Hes a beast!
S/O to ! I've been listening to the records she has done in the last couple months and she's been doing her thing!
Follow back anybody sells here a follow for a follow goin once goin twice.... Sold! To who? It's all up to u
did you get in trouble?
but ur spanish bro?
Reasons I hate Facebook: People thinking that liking a picture makes them an activist or proves they love Jesus. It doesn't work like that.
I'm so glad I found you in the twitterworld! I hope life is getting beautifuler and beautifuler in the sunshine state :).
Oh what a Sunday!
Save the date - the 2012 TeamDynamix User Group Conference is May 16-18 at McGill University in Montreal!
I DJ'd a Celebrity Females Surprise BDAY Party last nite and from that 1 Party i have already got 3 calls for Party Bookings - Thank You God
Thanks !: Happy Friday
Nature is often hidden; sometimes overcome; seldom extinguished. - Sir Francis Bacon
haha so true! Closet full, wallet empty :-)
Get to see Tim today!! Also gonna show him my Prom dress!! #Excited!!!
I had my earphones in the whole time to make it seem like I wasn't listening.
Haiku has a free teacher account but it is limited- it bills itself as embed the web and is interesting to look at all they "embed"
OMG! What author???
Happy Valentines Day lovers hope to see you at my show tonight. Lorelei MM82 Islamorada Fl Keys. 6:30 pm
Conference: "Normative struggles during university years often reflect important challenges to moral, emotional and academic development."
That's like being out of Egg Nog on Xmas, Like being out of codoms on hump day, like being out of hate during Real Housewives
Ah, the sweet smell of clammy-handed adolescence! Davidoff Cool Water
Follow me Andrew <3
It's all About mining signal from noise. Crowdsource the agency
If you lie down with dogs, you'll rise with fleas. - Irish proverb
Suggestions so far: Stuart Hall on identity thru representation, Ratcliffe's Rhetorical Listening. Thx
When my windows are open I get the scent of roses, same as when they are closed. Yay! Love our roses! Wahoo!!!
“: See i cant take you nowhere. LOL” haha His new tape is 2 hard, Make respectable folk wanna commit felonies LOL
I literally cannot take this much longer.
Wanting a fix, but have to exclude so much from my diet now. I wonder if their vegan flavors are soy free? Hmm...
finish this quote...are you ready?
Sounds like it is down to #Broncos and #Titans for Peyton Manning; look for #Dolphins to close in on Matt Flynn quickly today.
well enjoy your weekend buddy. Go LAKERS!!! P.s. I'm always working -_____-
How do you rate Atlanta as a biker's city? How safe do you feel?A reporter wants 2 talk w you. email , call (404) 526-5488.
I did like .5 seconds into the convo && she just kept going !!!! -.-t
I like the idea of that as opposed to a juicer because I get all of the fiber /
why am i hungry?
No rest for the weary. Fresh off vacation in Scottsdale hitting up for MNF. I apologize to my liver
Mad hit right now fresh out tge casket haah
#20ThingsAboutMe i have alot of friends but there are only a few i can trust.
We WILL be back soon enough!
Bringing out the hoe skirt
“: I'm still waiting for the "Once you go black, you never go back" episode on Mythbusters.”
the heart is a drum machine
Please, Please, Please Follow me , been waiting for ages. Dont make me wait another second?
#WHAT a weekend: DayGLOW, speeding tickets, Jiujitsu seminar, milk chugging challenge #failure & potatoguns.
Lai'Onna L. Miller ! Goodness Words Can't Even Explain How Much In Love I Am W/ Her !! (:
My daughter is an awesome artist...she's 10 years old. Ideas on how to encourage her without overdoing it?
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!! LOVE U GUYS!!!!!!! <3 <3BiEbEr*FeVeR<3
Thank God for my mom<U+2665>
Good grief, if you can't tell the difference between a hoodie and a duffel coat you are lost!
#RickyGervais makes the room uncomfortable ... and they love it.
Awesome big band with a twist. Come get you're groove on the hardwood
Wish I could hit everyone back to thank you for the birthday wish but my lunch break is over. Lol. Back to work it is. Thank you all!
RIP MacBook <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Yeah, those morning lectures are a big draw. :)
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO THIS WEEKEND WITH NO PUB CRAWLS OR SOCCER????
Noticing a bulb/unlit/wearing/an eye-mask/your legs/are canes/been disabled/since birth
When Irish eyes are smiling...
Wish that I could've gone today but am doing Library Legislative Day next week instead. Hope u are having a fab library day.
YOU GOT THE CARDINAL CRAZIES SHIRT? YOU CALL ME NOW NOW NOW
Shaman.....Healer...Living in the Light.....Alter Ego..Mr. Muggins .. Thank you 4 the follow!
Almost 1 1/2 hours stuck in traffic and I've finally arrived at the Ft. Lauderdale Air & Sea show. Jet planes and battleships, here I come!
can't believe I'm rooting for NY team and celebrating when M*ch*g*n alum catches the TD but I am.
Me too! Not yet. I'd love to (of course) & I know he likes my work, but I dunno if the opp. to call me in has come up.
Readers enjoy reading magazine ads. They don't pay to avoid them as they do with other media...Source: Affinity Vista Service
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 10
You're gonna have to fail.
I will miss your Review A Day posts. Thanks for spotlighting such wonderful books.
samesiesssssss! i wanna go tomorrow if he's still here
your welcome boo!
email me or call 6789228118
#wmnldrs. Next generation leaders are courageous, agile, resourceful, renewable, trusting and trustworthy
Bedouin soundclash and Bear Lake tomorrow at the Shelter. Doors at 9pm. Come to the party!
we can hold up the population if you want. Email me to confirm
Yeah, Im sleepy too. Can we continue this conversation later? I find it fascinating, and feel compelled to talk about it
Thanks for the RTs ! We'll keep the cleantech news coming.
we are still here! Continue to keep us posted on your concert dates!
Congrats on the new brand. Love to see when Vegas is represented! Can't wait to take em for spin
Thanks bro
bet bro
lol you said that! trident layers?
yeah. crowd's nothing to write home about though.
it would be BEST for every1 if u had the one and only Psanders<21
Everything that happens to us shapes who we are becoming
Star Trek II, still top 5 all time best finishes, always makes me emotional, something about sacrifice strengths you!
Going to sing for some bratty little kids.
#nowplaying A Perfect Circle - Counting Bodies Like Sheep to the Rhythm of the War Drums
The planker girl was from Suterville, PA, not exactly Pittsburgh. And, I think we can agree that Pittsburgh is not in Ohio or WV.
#whitney is kind of funny! I'll probably keep watching haha
We got a problem with your order, boss. Check your email or facebook.
okay. During p.e. When everyone goes outside, you can do it in the spillout
Cal told this kid no specifically. Just like Selby. Who was a head case?
we're open already. Tuesday - Saturday 11-10. Come say hi.
Thats Great ! Thank you for getting friends to sign up to help out! Good luck with your run.
Enjoying a GUGS burger after a long day of cleaning.
i don't have any faith in ur words, your actions spoke long before u did
Agreed on PD. Learning is a symphony where tech tools are the instruments & teachers are the conductors.
Yes, please! And, preferably before the decade is out. :-)
Your childhood, sponsored by McDonalds.
#GirlsWhoDontWaxTheyCoochie ... Is this really trending o.O
thanks man I really appreciate that and all of the support!
Keep retweeting and tell your friends too! Also, tonight at the Euclid Tavern, late night karaoke with Steve and announcer
Thx for the invite. My hockey team has a playoff game 2night so I gotta pass. Enjoy!
Wow. How do people "stop injury themselves"? We are dogwalkers, not spellcheckers!
yes, much >
Thanks for the follow! Go Mets! Man, my drummer and singer are gonna kill me...
Looking for a good picture of a beer bong for an article I'm posting today on the story of beer and civilization. Anyone?
Too much talk about #RIM's comeback, IMHO. I'm not expecting any major competitive differentiators. MAYBE for businesses, not consumers.
I wish it was so in the class of English, XDD
Thanks for the follow!
talk about it in there, i am teaching both summer and fall sessions online if you are interested!
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in #Pittsburgh 11/10-10a City Council to proclaim Tony Duran Day
You should have gone inside and razed the team. Cc
What gets me through a fulltime job + master's program? #Coffee. LOTS of coffee.
Just arrived @ FX Genealogical Society Spring Conference... 7 hours w/ Tom Jones. Woot!
Check out my new on Facebook, Speak For The Silent
Imma be under the mistletoe with you shawtyyy with you
Thanks for the retweet. My fist one lol
If I was going to steal a truck it would be a doughnut truck.
For some reason I can't stop thinking about him!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
thats awesome, how much does that leave you to pay now?
The new Chicago Bulls dynasty is here!!!
That's when I thought weed was bad D:
Kepler Lucas :One man's trash is another dog's treasure.
And the predictable and predicted attacks have started. No one is defending.
That moment when early humidity reminds you that summer is great but not with that humidity
check out my music twitta!!! www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Sunday is a great day for art exhibits. Enjoyed the Compuesto Partes curated bySD Mesa College #Museum Studies students.
Want to learn more about the Kentucky Derby or check out some Kentucky inspired cookbooks? Check out our book display at the circ desk.
i'm listening to the kooks while i do my homework, what's your number?
Go Bears!
The perfect woman, deserves the perfect man....
Check out SuperNOVAmommy's interview with our Executive Director Sara Duke!
What would some photographers do if they never invented the digital camera? Smh it seems like everybody and their mother is a photog now....
Im great thanks :)
For Italian week, J.S. Edwards will donate a portion of sales on Saturday, November 14, to the Children's Guild of Baltimore.
Today is #NSD!! :D What do you guys usually get??(:
Good morning tweeters! No really, have a good morning.
Thank you for helping me to go in!
damn i got a headache
this restaurant is super super nice! m x
“: I've decided to get into shape. The shape of a potato” cc:
Uncle magic!!!!
I woke at 7 for mine. Got cancelled.
Great! Thanks, Joe & Matt. Hope to see you in Jan.!
so who thinks we can get ALOT more followers?(: -erica<U+2665>.
in one week from today I'll be in NY mastering "MOVING ON"!! I'm so excited doot doot doo doo!!
Dedication: EVELYN M. JOHNSON, In loving memory of Evelyn M. Johnson "MomMom". Gone but never forgotten. I love you.
actually I told him to tell you that
maybe because I just watched it, again, but "Fletch"
Did a gig for a Co. claims sound treatments heal ppl with MS, Arth, even Diabetes. Hmm. Maybe I can get off insulin.The 411.. medsonix.info
#ThingsiLoveToSee the movie Never Say Never
I'm done stressing over you. It's not worth it anymore. Im not saying I don't want you; I definitely do. Im just sayin, I'm done chasin you.
Reposition television sets so that neither sunlight nor lamplight shines directly on the screen. Happy Friday!
What is the difference between a cat and a comma? One has the paws before the claws and the other has the clause before the pause. MEOW!
Bloop. Hahaha I am so bored, that means someone should tweet me! :)
I wouldn't phrase it that way. Where has been his support through all this? He did nothing wrong as far as I know.
Smithers, release the hounds...
Congrats - you answered correctly & quickly - so you will be going to see in one week! We will PM you!
I kind of want to come but I have an event fri night in Del Mar! Darn philanthropy :).
Dang its hot outside.
wheres my december birchbox..?? i don't have enough #patience to wait any longer
Let your mistakes propel you forward.
besides, Lakers will be a tremendous mismatch for the Heat. The Heat have no bigs, and now Bosh is gone. and no PG.
We do our best and thank you for giving us the opportunity to serve your travel needs. Happy travels!
your shoes rock!! Don't change them!!
Looking at the date just makes me upset
i was just giving u a shoutout so people follow u
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Yeap! That's my day today!
Getting gussied up for the Best of Washington Party
Standing in the light of your halo; I got my angel now. <3333.
I like your wonderfully random blog just the way it is.
Love the new pic, even better than preview w/ you over Szechuan whole fish for good fortune. Whose spices trump despair.
Miss Boston just showed up to help out at the silent auction at
NOT EVEN
Ah, I see we have given up on intelligence and went straight to ignorance. RT : wow. You're an idiot.
Thanks for the shout out!
you panel on tragedy was great, btw- I didn't get a chance to tell you. I learned a lot.
I am still at #ccid2012 now hearing about USAID and HED work in Rabat, Morocco thru Middlesex Community College
Can't help but dig Jared Jeffery. He reminds me of my nice friend Clem, only slightly better at soccer. Precious exchange there with Shea.
Thnx 4 Follow... Man you've got the coffee pot on bitter. Stay Loud, people can almost hear you over the big pharma spots on tv
Started reading #GameofThrones yesterday. Got sucked in pretty quickly. Easy to see why it's so popular.
i love me
woah where can I hear that?
Finally an iPad app for Spotify. Life just got a little easier.
you're welcome! Still looking forward to our Mexican date!
*waving back* it's dreary day here at homewood. I'm guessing it's about the same in Elkridge...
o stop it
Everyone there is waiting to see the Muppets, right?
The strong & wise Marmie in Little Women RT : Mother's Day is almost upon us! Who's your pick for favorite fictional mom?
Celebrate the opening of our 100th store! Just say “Happy 100 Stores” at on 4/27 and get a free side with entrée purchase.
Just in from the Ridiculous Bio Files "... is a lyricist who reiterates his words with equally amazing Saxophone solos and self made beats."
Live it up!! The more meat the merrier!
PSA: You should probably run out of your house like your head is on fire and get yourself an adult beverage. STAT!
crashes when I try to close a tab that has a pending username and password dialog box open. Just FYI.
my favorite breakfast food is scrapple. Have you heard of it?
Don'y forget get to order my book Mentally Blind.
Check out Dirty Heads - Viva la Vida (Acoustic)
I recommend The American Antiquarian Society and The Library Company of Philadelphia for this.
Thanks for following me:)
How 'bout Bucky getting Ben Brust? Think there might be a good rivalry between him and Vander Blue for the next few years?
I'm desperately searching for a situation where the phrase, "There's a party in my pants," would be both completely appropriate and true.
lol sometimes i be doing to much
“: Wow Jlo... #amaawards that even turned me on” - was thinking the same thing! She def been the beat so far!
nope Dixie Queen .
Nice. Let me know when you book T-Rac or the guy that yells "You da man" at all the PGA tournaments.
MUST SEE GUYS www.xpressid.net
If we draw again, you are not allowed back.... EVER!
Students and mentors are spending their last day of TKF Summer Program at Belmont Park!
What are you talking about?
Thank you! :) I was uncertain if I should just wait to post one with red hair. But my hair is longer. I needed change! hahaha
#np driving me crazy
Hosted Providence Network for a board meeting Celebrating the success of our partnership & dreaming about future.
I will be Performing LIVE at Plush Lounge Key Club in Hollywood, CA May 25th
gonna be real awkward when someone tells bobby valentine that the red sox can't draft anthony davis, even if they tank the whole season
Well thats all for tonight folks...goodnight! Deuces...
came to Atlanta to win.
RT : Love the level playing field provided by the Web. Everyone is writing a book-even those unaware of grammar & spelling rules.
I just texted you, I think.
Real men are NOT minute men; they last as long as their woman wants! Most of the time they're more than she can handle.
chris mooney's The Republican Brain explains evidence that liberal brains more aligned to science
hugged him and that's when Derek walked in saw us thought the worse and left. We're all good now. How r u?
In class watching august rush
just makin sure
(1/3) Jarrod Uthoff met with Assoc AD Justin Doherty & Director of Athletics Barry Alvarez Thursday as part of the appeal process.
When you’re in love, nothing else matters. Like, I just hit a homeless with my car, and I don’t even care, ‘cuz I’m in
J'la's a country girl at heart.lol
I don't understand the hate for ALEC. He's clearly the best Baldwin.
And the follow up for ESPN2, Union-Red Bulls. Not sure how that can be.
I have experience crafting Linkedin profiles to reflect a person's essence and career goals. Email me .
Put your hearts up is like AMAZING!!! more more more songs plz :)
Can't get right hit a shoot!
Stars r losing. The crap-hawks won on a bad call. Today is not a good sports day. I need baseball to start.
hey get on twitter!!^v^
YES! RT BREAKING: Nick Lidstrom is in tonight's lineup!
excuses excuses, for the "greatest player to ever play the game," don't like what I say don't read my tweets
He didnt fall off at all. if you actually knew what you were talking about u would know that wzrd is just a project. he aint done
Why is there such a push for a ban on texting while driving? What about reading, eating, applying make-up and tending to back-seat children?
I hope tht u get better and ur dream comes true u
This combination of 3 ice creams and mini oreo cookies... The perfect way to end my awesome day <U+263A>
Oh Charles does a Weight watchers commercial wearing a dress on, still with the healthy cocaine abusing rasp in his voice.
Simmons tuition on the rise.. there's a reason to not delay graduation...too late now, the path has been laid.
Maybe they just cook a lot of snock. Like, on a stove.
Excuse me Ma'am, would you like me to taze your shrieking child for you? #ShhhImTryingToListenToMusic!
Is this for Artists in Storefronts? I just turned mine in. I concentrated on the piece, not myself--easier, I think.
dang it
my family outside Harrisburg report Water up to knees in there basement it seeped in from the foundation ground so saturated
- Charo! She & I share a birthday.
I'll get the scout on it! You have an idea when they were thrown? I can have him go to video.
Nova is looking good too!
Benny the Bull spilled some popcorn on me. Luckily, the Bulls remembered where to put the ball in those last couple minutes.
If you tweet on behalf of your employer using your personal account but your employer's computer, who owns the tweet? Do you know?
Congrats Nicole! RT Meet SELF Magazine's New Fitness Director ! (She's new to twitter, too!)
If you are going to act like a journalist, tweet like one or start a blog instead.
Any chance of you coming to Memphis or Little Rock anytime soon?
Have fun - Awesome place! RT : Here for a VIP tour w some Twitter peeps...my first real tour!
I took her back to my crib, what the hell, I can't even get out of my crib.
If you're judging me from the past things I've done, then I probably don't want you in my life anyways.
Damn my celtics y'all need some space jam water lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> As long as we win.
taking suggestions for places to try and get on tap in Madison + any contact names.
lmao if you gonna try tomorrow you better gone' head and go to bed now, and take a 4 hr nap tomorrow.
We are close in launching our new recruiting division focusing in the #MSP #VMS space. We will focus on direct hires nation wide
Supposed to ump tonight!
I wake up early when I don't have to.
takes me back to advanced philosphy in college...especially reality and subjectivity.
For that money, they could've bought Grindr. ;-) More users, arguably more disposable-income …granted, a limited demographic %.
ok all go on
One thing that helps me is to give thanks several times a day, because the more we give thanks the more we receive to continue giving thanks
Please help me to increase my followers :)
Lol ok ok i was just kidding. im a fan. i dident
Dear People Who Are Saying Thank Goodness Football Is Back Tonight: I am sorry you are oblivious to college football
we need to get together soon!
I'm going to chill and act like I know.
Under 21 attendees, got ya covered for FREE at the fest. Rivertown Brew Co & Highlife on special for 21 & Up!
Don't get caught scooping your poop in the cold! Just call us 1.800.DoodyCalls
Catch you all tomorrow
I HATE people who double-book. *cough* Liz.. *cough*
yes send me your info!
Through orientation with group 1 of the new international dentistry students. Got some good questions, expect some one on one consults.
how am I gonna be making 5 dollars an I make 17 an hour now and still in college ha! U wish..
When love just isn't enough.
Since I've cracked open my AP book, I've only used one new highlighter. It's almost gone. Welp.
Thanks! We hope you can stop by during fiesta!
Haha we used to be close too! Lol Post it on facebook and tag me!
To all my Vegas friends, if you want to go to Vanity or Rehab, let me know and I can put you on the guest list and get you in for free!!
dwl, if yuh want a big HEFTY plate, come get it nuh. It fresh and niice
Reinventing the wheel is harder than it looks.
I hope the S reported them as spam, too.
Nope, it originally was Johnny Cash's song, NIN did a tribute to it after Cash passed away
finish bagging my groceries or write this tweet if you know me you know what I chose
So nice to meet everyone! Thanks =)
Epic year 2 Paynetown trip booked
Blessed Christmas to all my tweeps. Thanks for your interest in #SeaWorld, #Spurs , #acting, and me!
I'd love for them to build a Costco on the east side - Hermitage-Mt. Juliet.
Million Dollar Baby and Mame misbehaving at our annual "Name that Tune" benefit! bit.ly/s0boQo It's a hoot!
this month's goal is to use my library card more than my debit card
thanks bud. There's six of us.
Surround yourself with people who challenge you to keep moving in the right direction!
Man what's up wit Boston?
omg I just got an ad for that on Pandora. I think they have their demographic targeting off
Filmed a video for my apartment last night, tonight meet up for , local farm store coming to our hood.
Barbie sets unrealistic goals for young girls; women can't be doctors!
I am cleaning and vacuuming my room, the world might end...
May 12,1942: Cabinet instructed Auchinleck that he must start an offensive in June.
Yeah you do call me hookah;)
good call on gvoice - looking into it now
the ones who call me tia scarlett >>>>
Just in time for the Holidays. 42" Flat Screen TV's for $24.99 per week. Hurry! While supplies last.
"But godliness with contentment is great gain." 1 Timothy 6:6
RT : Listening to Twitter webinar w/ Great to see you on Twitter (best GRI teacher)
Kirsch down swinging. 2 down. Aguirre up.
Yes! Dirty Dancing is on! Reminds me of freshmen year=)
First evening reference shift of Spring 12. Amanda and I are rotating Sundays and Wednesdays this semester. First week. Not much going on.
TY for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase
Order the meal plan of your choice by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Stopped in traffic this guy just got out his car to piss and a cop rolled up hahaha reminds me of that Nola trip
And my mates are all there trying to calm me down, cause I'm screamin your name all over town.
I'll just sit and spin and hope for the day when I can write my name in the dust of Cubeland.
Going to inland empire today by public transit. It is cool, the use a schedule out here and know how to point you to connections.
i think we have the same bday
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
shut me up .
You said that you could let it go, and that I wouldn't catch you caught up on somebody that you used to know.
thanks for the love!
There is no way I could feel worse about myself, might as well go for it.
FINALLY! RT: #Brewers just announced 2012 spring training schedule.
well s'okay if you're not okay with it.
#FollowFriday Follow and RT these wonderful people
#WhatIf I had a chance to meet Michael Jackson <3
Celebrated Earth Day at tonight's Esperanza Spaulding concert: Black gold with a diamond heart. Thrilling!
There is still time to plan a company picnic for your employees, so many locations to choose from! www.mcmenamins.com Check us out today!
lmao yeah ok.... This a road game son... Different then home.
Well, i'll get a lot of solicitations. I"m not sure if I have the time......
i didnt win the drake or one direction tickets but money is still good(:
Oh how I wish everyday was
Im not sure. I'll have to ask him! LOL
Back in the States!! Now off to rehearsal.
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
The B3Brewery is now on twitter. Check us out for weekly status updated on our beer.
excellent! From what I see the #BbW12 program is going to be great! lots of good sessions came in from clients.
How do you know what info he has to investigate with? Are you his editor? Do you have any info other than what KSR told you?
Q to TV ppl: have you ever heard a producer say they have "just the right amount of news" for his/her newscast?
check out my fetish by supaman here www.reverbnation.com/outfitrecordscolumbusohio
Ditto. there is nothing in the world I love more right now than this season's sorbets and pastels
My liver hates me.
Yes, I remember DA and am pleased that you are leading the way to tell his story. All the best.
Out @ Andy's Tonight: Sunday Jazz Jam Session: 11 East Hubbard Street - 9pm-1am-musicians R free & vocalists welcome. GA-$10. Hope 2CU
18 more days!
We are going to see the Avengers movie later today
i got to go follow please its my big bro he cool
Ive stuck with the Raiders this long...Im stickin with the Lakers, no bandwagon for me! I mean we did just win 5 outta 10 last decade! lol
Happy New Comic Day! Stop in and buy some new stuff like Justice League issue 5.
Wish I was with rightnow!
I want my iPhone already :(
PLEASE make the crazy tweets stop! can you please delete the retweet of my comment? I can't handle the tweet drama! :-)
COME TO DENVER, CO I LOVE U <3
This weather is perfect!!!
Haha. I kinda wish Lacee would get the pie to the face just once.RT : huh huh, Lacee said cream pie
Boy You More Whoop Then Slaves With There Freedom Papers Lol Steve Silly!!.
-____- ppl must think im sweet or something.
Kill me I have to thumbs!
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
it's amazeballz
well if youre curious enough to find the answers then you will :)
my family now has 400k people in it.
slip-n-slide into a mud pit, cargo nets, vertical walls, junkyard and tire field, hay bale mountain, slack line, and many more!
Do you like Nick's new haircut? Yes I support Nick in whatever he does and that includes his hair decisions :D plus he's still hot
#InstantTurnOn neck biting, ear nibbling
Watching Groundhog Day on Netflix, like everyone else.
Running is seriously the best thing in the world.
Thanks. Should load now. Working a new solution for our hosting.
it says the app isn't capable for the iPod touch :(
its gonna be a reunion mwahahahhah ok I will :)
*Yes.!* How About Tommorrow When We Get Off Busses
I WANNA GO TO FLORIDA IVE HAD ENOUGH OF CALI FOR ABOUT 3 DAYS
Nicely done.
What does the extra 1/4c do?
Waiting for Ira Glass
My year has started off bad but things can only go up from here
Yeah, a few of my college friends and I are in the [very preliminary] stage of creating a sports blog.
Clear Channel drops lawsuit against Troi Torain (aka Star), who IMO, is one of the last genius minds in media. Congrats 2 him.
parents are annoying twats
Feeling pretty good today, little sore from yesterday's workout but good.
Disney rocks and shake it up rocks!!!!!!!
Durant's gotta do better than 5 for 17. That was a good game though
ya know (;
RT : RT : #WFFConf12 you do NOT want to miss and all of the other...
Get ready for tomorrow's class performance, people. Things you might need to do in preparation: squats, squats, and more squats.
Everybody wanna know if I'm okay .
actually in need of a bass player you down ?
thats a lie
I'm bizarre like that.
Glad to be home
Nothing in life happens to us , it happens for us
This little dude catches EVERYTHING!!! Stuff I have never heard of...
Text it then :p
OK, so why am I awake? This sucks.
last chorus concert was amazing!! shed a few tears during the last song! I love my chorus family so much <3
Just got back from shopping in Columbia with Ashlyn and :)
#FF because he knows the power of pursuit. Witness
#boredwisconsin RT : The most viewers the Recall Cam has had was about 1400. That came this morning at about 9AM.
Game delayed round 2....back to the bar!
Gay bars>>>
Excellent! I hope to see you at the Con!
When people just walk up to me and ask me if you're my boyfriend and tell me we're cute together..
I hear you sister, I HEAR YOU. Whatever gets you through, I guess? This is the lie I've been telling myself for days.
Back in LA. After great conference of linkshare in SF. Impressive number of fantastic client they introduced Pixspree to! Thx
how can someone be so popular on social networking but in person no one likes them?
Shout OUt To All Our New
Do clients need to know that laser scanning is being used on their project? Should we market our services instead of a specific technology?
Ticjetmaster's customer support is called 'fan support.' LAME. Way to be confusing asshats.
Monster attempted to damage Engine room...Success!!!
Tribe first pitch is at 3:05 vs blue jays... The beg of our championship season (via )
Ugh tummy troubles.
Wow, my friends.
RT Aaaannnnndddd, the Sixers win! Congratulating Philly sports teams is getting exhausting!! In a good way.
it's the Sea of Galilee :)
was on point last night. Dope food.
bc there's people there. Lots of people.
haha I hope to be famous thanks ah ok I'm done tlkn to you for the night..
there have been five 2-15 upsets. three of them have come from the state of VA.
I believe my parakeet thinks The Cranberries are a strange species of bird.
macs suck.
: praying for Silas now!
--> Thank you for the mention, Cathryn!
I have straight A's :D
oh yeah, it's bout to go down.
oh gaaaawd my new twtter name sucks soo much -.-'
ok, let's honor Whithey Houston. We're playing a loop dedicated to her today and tomorrow. What's your favorite Whitney song? RIP :(
you're welcome, and thank you! ;)
A spouse is someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single
We fought to the end and we will never stop fighting till the end!
#Caps kill it
u gotta be quick - they run fast haha
Stick to Cosmos.
I've looked up the CVs of the faculty at my school for ideas. A lot of them include their CVs on their school or dept websites.
Now, I'm having far too much fun looking into UTF-8 options. Best so far -- a new hashtag for to use: #<U+262D>
Lil B called out hydraulic fracking
Just a wee bit different than our Alvin Robertson/Petr Gudmussen/Johnny Dawkins days.
The fact that you can shoot and kill an innocent boy...and have you case up for discussion...(con't)
Based on the positive response during Earth Week, from now on #IUPUI University Library will default printers to doubled-sided printing!
my old band did this once, we had to play "beefcake daddy" twice
I knew that was going to happen..
If that was an option, I would gladly take it. I've never been able to make it work that way.
Tebow to NY.oh my!....once you're a jet you're a jet all the way...or is it kneel and pray?
Ah, now I finally understand why everyone loves So amazing!
post a picture of the garden...
Yesterday we played beach volleyball with our professor. Today we're going on rides at Disney world.
yeah omg now I feel really sad but how could the boyz not win if we voted for them like billion times?!!
Dear Nate. Dont swing at any pitches.
Psalms 103:1: Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name. (KJV)
theres still gonna be a huge lump where the undigested mouse is
I'm a republican and I think people should be able to be happy. It's no one else's business. Marry who you want.
on my biggie flow
RT RT RT RT!!!!!!! HAWAII DIRECTIONERS LOVE YOU GUYS :) can we get a shout out?????
Birthday in 24 days. I want sunflowers. A bunch of sunflowers. <U+E305>
thanx for the follow
Yeah. Looks like he's cleaning the grill instead.
We're in the midst of creating epub files; its on the list. There's Kindle & Google e-editions of Cabeza de Vaca's Relacion.
We are the one stop shop for all Denver Dispensaries! We have over 4 years experience helping the industry grow.
yeah I think they will though cause the 2nd half they play beastly and the others can't stop LeBron or wade. Chambers is so good
Good Morning. Thank you. Hope your day goes well.
Spurs can do this to OKC, and to any East team remaining....keep sleeping
Thanks for the support! But i might just delete b/c i don't know if i have the time to keep this running... thoughts again?
Had to delay going home three times because of rain
me to their really cute and cool i love all their songs
We love your offerings! They help us get through many a troubled computer.
Seriously, though. I've never felt so confident in my script or my production. Many gaps to fill, but what we've got so far is just awesome.
Space sickness has passed.
“: I'm sorry. Boston is a racially diverse place huh. My bad!”fuck boston an the east coast, easy on the RC bro! Wefam!
Idk? She's not my fav..
I wouldn't recommend #chi infra texture for women- it smells like a man!
2nd biggest fear: being a rapey locksmith.
Can't wait for
... wow. that was intense.
miss you in Hawaii!!'
Kevin Durant is the youngest player to win 3 straight #NBA scoring titles.
I hope by signs of the times you mean the coming of the Lord. I am so ready! LOL!! Can you imagine it getting much worse?
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! :)
screw it lol idk how to stretch something into 3000 words like I could get all I need out in 1000 haha
I just hope nobody dnt get hurt over sum BS!!!!!
#Cubs until the #Bulls are on......last chance!!!
The new annoying saying: Are you kidding me right now?
Hey , just wanted to let you know that and I will indeed be seein you round campus next year.
Congrats to the infamous on your graduation day! Thank you for everything you've done for me! You truly inspire me.
Have a safe trip.
I feel so close to you right now. It's a force field. I wear my heart out on my sleeve, like a big deal.
Copyedited MS expected today via - wish me luck!
Awww, I'm so in love with Jason Derulo's music make me feel much better.
Thanks Bob! Appreciate the shout out!
I suppose I meant pie crust growing (funding) while the filling (revenue) just aint there yet. I guess it'll make it unhealthy.
stop what you are doing and take a time out!!
Yeah, like I remember being there for about thirty minutes, and the rest is nonexistent in my memory. I stayed up till 5
It's quiet. I'm going to say that I won the battle :)
finally back at the crib chillin.
R.I.P Nick Long, you don't even know the whole in my heart you left.
Buzz into Sydney b. and see what we have new in for Fall. Back to school is just around the corner!
Thank you for making me look forward to getting up early. #uppers are awesome.
Don't talk about'em if you gone join'em ... .
Tourists don’t know where they’ve been, travelers don’t know where they’re going. - Paul Theroux
wow. Um how do you tell what the time is? :D
Our first Friday on the art trail was killer! Thanks so much to everybody who came by! Let's do it again next month!
Will if I need to make so quick money this week in peeny stock " APRO.PK " will be my pick
Gonna miss you guys.
Happy mothers day! I'd be nowhere without my mommy <3
No. But there's a good story behind the laffs. I can tell. Argh.
Congrats to Larry Bird and the Indiana Pacers, moving on to the Eastern Conference semis.
Parker is a better finisher around the rim. No argument there. But Bayless also added that as a second argument.
<women usually eat more chocolate around Aunt Flo's monthly visit, because it helps keep your iron levels up. OMG FACTS!
It doesn't help when people think that just because they have used Drupal, Joomla!, etc they know how to create web sites
on silent library from 2010 eww that chinese mix im about to get sick watching it lmao
My phone is blowing up with event invites :(
The finish line will be 25 days & 25,000 miles later in Grand Rapids, MI, at the opening of the FOE International Convention on July 8, 2012
thought u lived in GA?
A lot of mullets at the zoo today
Congrats! I just insulted a local radio host! Yay for great days!!!
The worlds game comes to seattle and we dominated! Hell yeah!
~ Dislike! How about You?
I think you better call Tyrone! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Bonjour! Up and at 'em. Looking for story ideas. Got any? What happened around Oklahoma over the past few days?
I luv ur crayon art! I think I'll try today cuz it's guna rain...
I explain the truth, I don't argue it...it is what it is...deal with it....
In desparate need of a refill! Must...get...it....done LOL
Are you getting your own?
We have a new server ready - vpn-vn6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
How was your Monday?
what do Jet fans do? Go Blue? why am I asking a Dolphin fan. misery looking for company I guess
Hi Brooks, just wanted to introduce myself. I'm a visual designer. Great looking office!
lol well I ended buying the disc sets til I caught up and now I if I miss an episode I watch it on the net, but I understand u ;)
I LOVE YOU WENDY! SEE YOU AT OUR NBA ALL STAR FASHION SHOW IN ORLANDO, FL ORLANDO SUN RESORT! 1PM! I GOT A SEAT FOR YOU! :-)
Have had a ball in Chi. Heading back to the Land of LA;-)
hey shut the fuck up.
Follow the Law Office of Nicolas M. Geman on twitter !
stalking you guys on ALL channels :) miss you guys cant wait for Vegas
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses.- Napoleon Hill
Now that Ms. Bachman has dropped out of the presidential race, anyone care to wager a prediction as to what her next move will be?
My horoscope isn't 1/2 bad today. Maybe I should try to make the best of it.
I love you Twitter Tweeters. But, I've got to step away from the computer and my iPhone and accomplish something tonight! You're addictive
Know of any Peer Jury resources or examples in D.C. or nearby? Contact us!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.~ Frank Loyd Wright
": ": that's not him, its some old lady Ester he works with" lol! Ester got a mean shoe game
Not really feeling being up this early
I hate myself so much.
ima singer songwriter and I been admiring ur work 4 awhile now we def gotta collab
all good on the west side Sis. What's good with you?
Thank you for your article on Junior. It brought smiles in between the tears.
I said friday night my house!
would love to find out more about you for my athletes I represent!
Starting off Monday morning with snaps of the bomb Loompa Farms Miami White and Chemdogg Thanks to the homie Kushits. Irie!!!
you are sexy(; follow? Please
Keep it going Giants. Huge drive right now.
I hate when I have "free time"
This feelings familiar, I've been here before
have a couple of comps and BOGO's for opening tomorrow! Contact me if you're interested!
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 29
Good seats are still available for Wicked! Best bets for seats are Tues, Wed, Thurs & Sun evening performances, or Thurs Jan 27 at 2pm!
that's unfortunate. I went until 4 am and feel great.
Lls ok boot!!!!
RT : Lixin Fan: "technology is essential to give the new generation power [in China]"
RT Need to find a doctor I do. Very green I appear to be. Download iTriage I must. Hrr Hrr Hrr.
Call the #Lakers that Cali bud, cause they are getting smoked like it by #OKC tonight
At this point in the semester, every hazy good intention is unmasked as an unrealizable dream. Pragmatism becomes survival.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think. Lorraine Hansberry
Monster time..
Good luck! I love you! Please follow me back. It would mean the world and a half to me. Have fun on that stage.
The generation before us is fading. We can't depend on hip hop artists and other stars for moral leadership. Are you doing your part?
Okay! But it's going to involve cold beverages. I hope you know this.
prince is an amazing guitarist and pianist!!! He really rocks out at his concerts...one of the best entertainers I have seen.
Motorola to launch MOTOLUXE in Canada in Q2 – PhonesTabs
hey girly - lunch soon?!
Any time. Much love.
haha :) ahh fun! Lots of theme parks there as well! Sea world, universal, Disney.. But you probably know that already loll
Had a great time at King of Queens. Ms. Kitty Litter was a delight as always. Trampolina was rather spectacular as well.
Umm… wait… what were your talking about?
What a game!
Gotta go to urgent care<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
#ImThatPersonWho will be successful someday
hey Craig! It's my birthday! :D
and you & amy were great in it!
that's it andres. i'm kickin your ass.
yes! Already presenting some of your line to a client!
One thing that i hate. Boring texters!!
try #Pitiona in
Getting my rook pierced in a few minutes .. currently
cool story bro now in what chapter do you STFU[;<3
Real nigga say word
Why'd u just call me hoe
its so funny! i was on netflix bored trying to see what to watch cause all the movies suck -.- I cant stop laughing lol
will you follow me please I love you
how many at KC Cauldrons are there now?
Oh wait.. I can sleep in tomorrow!! Or maybe go to review. ORSLEEPIN.
Did I tell y'all I saw Rick Ross at the heat game yesterday?
Poor Man U,Man City was just teasing yall Lmao
NU UH! Colton got sent home on American Idol! ;-;
Early to bed, early to rise... Now if only I can get the first part down...
Should I be embarrassed or proud that I don't know how to read QR codes on my iPhone?
Mens fitness shoot today!!!
Good to know! RT H.F. is the real deal Holyfield.
Cheese Making Class. Feta, Ricotta, Mozzerella and Butter. Fondue for dinner. April 27th 6:30 pm.
Good lord has completely lost his ability to work the crowd...that was awful:-)
if the rumors are true and a boston fan was killed in the riots, I am very upset with #vancouver come on, that is fucking pathetic.
Dawgs N Hawgs Great place to hang out in #McKinney #texas Horne Wild Wild West Spectacular
First time volunteering for the Special Olympics today, looking forward to it.
"Real" is like True Love.. U can't turn that shit on n off.. U are or ur not #takestance n
So happy and ecstatic to see all oF my
. We've been annoyed w/ GoDaddy for a while, so I guess this is just the kick in the pants we needed to get away completely.
you should bring me food:)
dang! i wasnt expecting that many! wow!
oh, like you're opposed to mind-altering drugs.
thanks for the follow back ms Samantha!!!
preciate it bro will do
I wanna know the deets about this workout
Just tuned into the game the boys got this, alrite alrite alrite...
Showing off: Junior League of Detroit fundraiser offers design inspiration
SUCK OFF BITCH!!!!
You should really write more for this story.
I keep smelling dog treats for some odd reason .
Thanks to our #GPTWConf sponsors , , Mars, , SC Johnson, Sofitel,
oh haha cool!:] I'm just tweeting and doing some HW. Not much really! Lol<U+2665>
Hi I can't feel my legs
Reminder that I'll be performing TONIGHT at 9PM at CAKE at the Red Line Tap, 7006 N Glenwood. Hope to see ya there!
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
no I have not had the opportunity :(
#Jesus Today I am filled with the Holy Spirit and I am ready to be a disciple of Christ!
Alsip test went ok. Maybe one of these FD's will call me sooner rather than later. Id like to be a big boy firefighter sometime before Im 30
I don't wanna be the man of the relationship grow some balls and say what's on you're mind
So we both need a life, hm? :-)
Hey, it's a job, and I enjoy it, and I rather keep it mysterious, don't really like people knowing too much about me.
just go to bed
I need to start P90X back up.
It's May! Summer's almost here — the perfect time to start making new friends with :)
is giving away free appetizers tonight at Sprechers....
u better!!!
Stop taking in stray animals .... Get rid of cable....
totally agree...love how he was 2nd best for 3 months and in 3 days some want him in round 2...
if you wanna hear our song on the radio, 88.7 is going to play it next
I ain't gon' lie..i was talkin to a few different dudes cuz I'm single tryna get to know em..but they got double standards. I'm good on....
This just in from an unnames source - was held back in the 2nd Grade...twice
and NYC get the concept of data distribution. Reach people where they are.
You better meet with your boss.
Heading to for + #ConnectGens Fellowship program. Interviewing prospective fellows.
Weather Forecast Baltimore, MD | Baltimore Weather | Wunderground
that sounds amazing! I'll have to try this weekend.
#imsofuckedup I assumed I'd be cool without my friends while going somewhere else. But obviously I was. I gave them the wow factor. Serious.
Eating lunch with my dad at el nopal
New attacks for running for Gov 3 times, while he is running for Gov for the 3rd time himself
if I am the Raiders just waived kicker - how many kickoffs do I have to do??
GREAT DISCOUNTS THIS WEEK ! FREE LAYAWAY! STOP BY SAT OR SUN CHANCE TO WIN BIG!BUCKS $OPEN SAT 8-8PM SUN 8-6PM HOLIDAY HOURS HAPPY HOLIDAYS
Fun night with friends at Miller Park. And great to see a Brewers win too!
Great story about #flinttown on #RockCenter. Glad to hear the graveyard shift is back!
Good morning! Coffee over here if you need it
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it! Stay tuned...July 25, 2010!
People's questions about my upbringing are gone when my mom introduces the moose head as "my real father."
Brandon Bass just manhandled Josh Smith. Grown man move.
Thanks to #SteveJobs for all the Innovation and Inspiration at Apple. Wishing him good health in his future.
anyy night that includes us is a good night!! #
someone thinks you're doing it right -- have you a shoutout in a comment at Howl Round.
"Everybody's trying to call Rick" (Note: Name was arbitrary, one other was scribbled over, can't make it out, unfortunately)
Great day meeting a lot of association planners in Richmond!
Coffee shop chatter is all about hypnotism and cults this morning. facinating!
oh please you know you aint got shit on my 2k game. thats a joke
The royals are killing me.
Great to "see" you this morning! I had a meeting or I would have come in to talk!! Did you watch on #agt?
And Southgate RT : The last place I'd ever wanna seek shelter is strozier.
Long day its lookin like!
Please follow me Greyson! (:
we are back in the A T L!
If you find yourself walking around downtown San Diego and you are hungry for delicious Mexican food, you should swing by :)
and what's that favor!?
Thanks for the reverse jinx the '06 finals refs are back
ok liar. Lol
For a NYT reporter, RJ has a lot of free time. Also, why were Julia and Frank both wearing plaid in the following scene?
Yaaay! THE Nate Hall loves me. Get jealous errbody
I thought we were in 4D/4G already with the Web, especially since it was just your birthday. What happened to Smell-o-Vision?
You would rather be pissed off the pissed on
Did "Poptones" ever make it on a Best Basslines list?
Saddens me when a family checks out tons of movies and a little kid asks to check out one book and parents say no...
RT : Internet Pay TV Set for 4x Growth by 2020? - Not unreasonable - Google is coughing up $100 million to create......
Smh only niggas , wish I could be by myself
Laptops can weigh as little as 6 pounds!
Among all the charming @ replies one receives, the spam ones stand out like weeds amidst sunflowers--to be relentlessly chopped and blocked.
Namaste… RT : Every single one of us is born with peace and tranquility in our heart. promote happiness.
boi I'm bout to get another one right now.
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Speaking at Robert Morris College at their Culinary Symposium tomorrow. Little nervous...wish me luck!
Just followed everyone back who's following me :)
RT : Now all i need is to put the camera down & join us at tmrw nite! >>what time!!???
you two have fun !!! Xoxoxo
Justin Bieber Check out This WebSite I Made?
think they ought just make it a skills comp and 7-7 flag football game. That shit sucked dog!
Megan from The Next Great Baker is kind of sexy
Excited for this Satuday in Cincy!
New phrase: Conference Twenvy - n. - When a bunch of people you follow on Twitter are at the same conference and you're not.
adding to etsy shop today
I KNOW! this summer we will hang out a ton, i've just been so busy lately.
I'm up 6 in the morning lerkin......
did you show them the door?!?!
No problem, a wallaby bite your internet cable?
It is going great :) how is school going for you?
I Love you Jesus with my all, My everything is your hands Father, You have control of everything, Thank you Father, I praise You..
Dirk better not try to bump with Perkins or ibaka. He will get his ass beat.
THX 2 all who have registered - nearing 50% capacity!! Reg now to ensure your spot and help us make this PDX's premiere networking event!
Strong Sunday Practice to wrap week 1. Broke out the Laser Timer to record 40's for skill positions. Always interesting.
hahahaha, i know!!(: are you watching it?!
Me. I can't move anything but my fingers lol
RT : Rumors that a pool of BBQ sauce will rain down from the ceiling during last song at #TechKaraoke !
That's what I'm talkin' about! Am I gonna have to cover for you this season, too? :-) RT Bring on the Ravens baby!
I love getting a rotisserie chicken at the store picking all thru it and making a big bowl of chicken salad. Small pleasures!
Hearty potato soup, chili, meatball bomber sub, turkey and stuffing sandwich all on special for lunch.
Sitting at Joes with a few members of the cast of The Fabulous Fable Factory. Well that's about it.
why am i watching Jennifer's Body?!
so did you have any luck today
Finally eating lunch in peace. Aww so relaxing now :)
Absolutely! Very exciting for and #CentralFL in general
I got out of my rut by re-listening to Wee Free Men by Terry Pratchett and then a Dresden Files book read by James Marsters
#FF More Divas making it happen
For the next 2 hrs midori trunk show at sugar cafe. Bags, boots, body painting and booze. Pretty sure it's going to be amazing!
Acad/library/design tweeps: Anybody have access to digitized back issues of House Beautiful? Looking for particular issue from 1951.
Advice of the day: Dr. Pepper trumps all other sodas.
I MISS YOU.
Cleaning....some ppl hate cleaning but it relaxes me. Gets my mind off the I deal with daily.
Nebraska bound in 3 hours, stoked to be with ! hope your feeling it in the A.M. cant party without you =P
Dating , pretty
Lansing Jazz Fest Friday-Saturday www.jazzlansing.com
Think you know Baltimore? Play Baltimore's version of amazing race and support a great cause. Details at unchainedtalent.org
- Thanks for the retweet! Have a lovely evening!
Yes! They will draw fab b&w cartoons to go with your stories!
RT : They are Lou-ing RT : Why is the crowd booing? They got the call.
Sometimes you gotta get away.
I can watch an hour of Jeff Dunham and not giggle once
AGREE ME EITHER I MEANT THAT CRAP THAT REPLACED OLTL. SORRY I DIDNT STATE THAT.
we're about to order more sunglasses. ...what colors do you want?
I'm beyond jealous
NOW: Thumbs up, thumbs down on Titanic in 3D, Google glasses, letting your coworkers - instead of ur boss - determine your bonus, & more...
I'm just drunk and think they might they might use a good extra :)
Almost at my sisters birthday bash! Newport Beach! Yummy food!
Why are me and my sibling having this convo lol 0__o >>>>
Gameday! Time to show the #MLS Cup Champs who's boss! RT if you Believe We Will Win!
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long
hahaha how in the world does that happen?! Maybe a heart attack from the stress of having to choose
Went to Arby's.They are laggin on their sandwiches!
good! And oh well, I guess it gives you a chance to listen more lmao... Not that you don't haha
Cuomo: I believe in state's rights"
Getting photograpy tips from Jeffrey Truitt at luncheon
any chance of some sneak pics?
OK #Pandora, apart from the fact they both lack Adam's apples can u give 1 good reason why Adele's playing on the Alanis Morissette station?
all that dick in your mouth, was it good?
Super Hero *Ruben* to save the day! Gotta check out LIVE coverage at Comic-Con starting at 5am on SD6! Surprise Movie Star Guest!
Gotta be leavin' in 45 minutes, and I'm still up trying to figure out how to work these peoples iron! -_-
yes you do! You will love Seattle.
grrrr....one dirty dish always escapes the load.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
thankyou so much :)
World Peace not such a peaceful play there. That's just dirty. Needs several game suspension.
cant wait for :D
Someone who deserves to make the top 100 as a newcomer, and will is NaVarro Bowman, ILB of SF
Loving the seeming/feeling untweetability of the tweets. :D
why did i create a FACE BOOK ACCOUNT?lol ....! haha
Come to our free concert tonight! Quartets by Haydn, Bartok and Brahms. 7:30pm at St. Paul's Church, 15 St. Paul St, Brookline, MA.
This year spring break just feels different ... still haven't quite gotten over the blizzards!
Hi I met Chris Lucas this evening and he said wonderful things about you and #Godspell!! I can't wait to see it!
Stop by for Happy Hour 5pm-7pm! Stay for our $20 wine, entree, and dessert special! Hope to see you!!
Take care of those pearly whites and make sure your kids know how to brush properly! www.ada.org
Save the date - Nov. 14th - , Jimmy Luvs and Klements are teaming up to build MKE's largest bloody mary. 100 gallons!!
Time for a drink 4u!! RT All gators must die! RT What would you do if a gator launched at your kayak?
KALAMAZOO CENTRAL GIANTS VS KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX KNIGHTS THANKS 2 MY MAMA EITHER WAY I WON
u go
Hahaha! Carrie says he was sexy in a Disney way, lol.
"the law firm" has been the top back in New England for a couple years.
those were the days you know
Don't like #Aaron #Rodgers either...
don't you think reports like this kind of game people up who want to do criminal things but didn't know how until...?
#IfIwasPresident I would make Black History month 2 months
thanks for a wonderful date im going to bed
Happy finals week, may the odds be ever in your favor.
I tried very hard, but I was only able to do some of the things. :(
The men. Great band!
...which means its only gonna get crazier from here...
Ate breakfast & lunch and still hungry...LOL. Ready for dinner.
In Harlem wit and _718
This happened last year when I was driving to my hometown somewhere in the middle of Belgium. I was driving a little too fast when a poli...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :-)
RT : Best direction last night: "Say it like 'I was a pole dancer!' only you were a nun.'"
oh for sure ..I'm like Pedro on Napoleon Dynamite "If you vote for me all your wishes will come true!"
bro this just gave me a boner.
Philly skating stupidly like they're drunk.
is awesome thanks for the follow
It can also help the students understand that syllabi are not (hopefully) arbitrary documents.
I hate ugly gurls dat hang wit fine gurls so think they fine too!!!!
what if one is not good at ping pong?
So is The Killing basically Twin Peaks without any of David Lynch's craziness?
Kelis is legitimately one of my heros.
I am comically bad at special reasoning.
RT “The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.” –Tommy Lasorda
Bitch better be home cooking my chesse eggs
hey you're cute(; k bye<3
To early in the year to be wearing boardshorts?.
”The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them.” - General Colin Powell
i'm not saying i agree. i'm just saying it's not a freedom of speech issue
haha :) awe thanks so much girl!!! I wish I got to see you all dolled up! But nonetheless you definitely rocked it.
thanks for informing twitter.
I see zero flaws in that plan
wouldn't be valuable otherwise. Heartbreaking as it is, life is a beautiful truth, not always pretty.
- a startup which turns guys into gentlemen is coming to #Life30 Apr 18
Going to the game tonight! Any good food suggestions?? Also, Merry #Greinkemas to all!
Alice Kessler Harris's presidential address should be starting shortly.
it sounds much more appealing that way
Yoga at noon!
@ any rate I wish she could have felt free to tell more ppl & then receive support..tough thing to go thru & still pretty young
An extra-special thanks to all of our business partners & the participating stores & restaurants that made Shop Your Values Week possible!
In Thompson We Trust. Welcome to Green Bay, Mr. Perry.
Headed to Jackson tomorrow for #msmeca12. Giving an aft workshop on PHP apps. Learn how to install Wordpress, Moodle and more on your site.
My mission is not impossible. With God on my side anything is possible~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend.
congrat and u r awesome. Love u girl
Maybe more.
I can't believe freshmen year is almost over
Send me that pic please!!!
Mount and Do me.
He talking big dollars sounds like a plan
Getting ready for Easter Sunday while studying for exams.....
Dude I got 4g up here
if this headache will go away!!!!
With over 15,000 miles logged in the past 2 weeks, I'm definitely happy to report the thing I'm most proud of is that I pooped in Uruguay.
#NSD!!! imma have a sub for lunch!
I've been writing since 7.. still not done
I moved a bunch, but kind of feel that the high school years determine where you are "from"
Drinking a protein smoothie with spirilina after my aquasize class. Looks weird-tastes good.
Wrapping up 2011...2012 will be so much better!
I'm pumped for summer!!!
Just found old videos of me and doing the cinnamon challenge . god we were stupid . <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094>
Well I just seen the Celtics score and wow....that sucks. It could be worse, could be the LAL right now
Do you have an upgrade license for CF8 or a full license (STD or ENT) ? And your purpose is to maintain the CFAdmin settings?
Does anyone else get scared when a text reads “Can I ask you a question?
This blows.
Packer throw down tonight! Such and exciting game.
Enjoying the #AustinSymphony tonight... What r u doing?
you try too hard to be different.
I'm worried Fields, Shumpert, and Lin are getting too cliquey. I hope they remember to invite Carmelo on their bowling dates
oh goodness, there's no way we can do all that or will be allowed to
ON BEHALF OF THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR GROW COMPANY, WE WANT TO SAY KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BEAUTIFUL...www.shop.completelength.com
it is "snowballing" out here.
figuring out how to use this thing. My neighbor told me I made it on Twitter, from you guys. I was like, oh yeah..
RT : Going to #iPME tomorrow? Stop by the booth and find out how #PingFederate integrates PKI smart cards for cloud apps
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
RT : - RT If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain RT
morning edition always chooses the best music - explosions in the sky and the news = best combo to get ready to
: Either that, or Tom King will have to run as a Democrat for the 85th. Equal time regulations, right?
What better way to understand the inner workings of a European company than to work for one!
Word! :^) RT via Stay up! A smile doesn't always mean a persons happy.. Sometimes it just means they're being strong
THEN PUT ME ON THE SHOW! ;) I promise I'll get the ratings to where Simon needs them, let him know that for me please
its 1234.. but I gotten ave up early
My heartbeat murmurs to mock your rhythm.
Can I forgive 18yo Mitt for bullying? Yes. But his "apology" makes clear he STILL doesn't see what the BFD is about his behavior.
Alright sounds easy enough, thanks :)
I can't believe I forgot to do my math proj... My teachers going to kill me when he sees it's not there... At least I'm not alone! Hahaha
I. LOVE. SPAGHETTI. +_+
Thanks for the #FF's!
Chris Brown
I just got it too...I've never heard a thunderclap that loud and long.
summer is coming (in Game of Thrones voice).
Aww I miss you too love :) <3 DaddyJacksons this summer?
LOL. We'll just be one big happy family! Wait...Sarah, where were you when I came down for Sunday Best auditions?
I loved reading about my fellow Fems. Thank you, Cindy!
that is a crazy statistic..
I see what you did there -_-
Gluten free chocolate chex I see why you cost a dollar more than all the other chex
yeah right RT : Every mind was made for growth, for knowledge, and its nature is sinned against when it is doomed to ignorance.
Time for Jon "Bones" Jones to do some work!
RT : Atl considers audio surveillance to track gunfire. Some neighborhoods support.
#Letsbeserious is the sexiest boy alive!
That is in fact true!
": I love y'all ugly chicks" What the fuck do u mean by this? Cause I know im ugggllyyy.
Have nothing to do on a Saturday. Today sucks.
Dont wanna go to school today;&plus i only have a few hours to sleep;&not gonna be in the mood to talk to people so all my friiends shou ...
Went to a film festival featuring rare/obscure educational films from the 40's-70's
Packing up a new snake bite kit for trip to our AZ cabin and all I can wonder is why it's not a regulated med device.
Have you checked out the December issue of the Ruby for Women magazine? It's available right here in the Bloggy Moms community on my page!
People who ask for re-tweets need to go die in a hole...
When you've had a rough day, ask yourself before you sleep if there is anything else you can do. If not... sleep well.
Zayn's solos <U+2665>
thanks! and will do, hope he responds that would be legendary! hahaha x
shooting feature today, gotsta love the pub!
aww shucks, thanks so much! It's really awesome to see people I've connected with here show up there. :)
Judge dismisses TRO McCann filed against Parent Stuart Payne
I ended up running a bunch of errands in Silver Spring. So sorry to have missed helicopters :-( And you!
ew just stop talking.
#YesArmy How are we feeling out there?
oh ok! Well. I'll be coming from North I believe.. have any favorite coffee shops near by with decent parking?
“: It's crazy how y'all look alike” I know haha people tell us we're triplets!
If I Had The Time & Money I Would Be Out There... :-)
Caps gonna crush the Rangers, bro!
is a networking group & speakers series in Milwaukee, but you certainly don't have to live here to participate.
did you check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
Did i say he was black you reverse racist RT : “: I lynched a man in my sleep last night....” racist
"Pryor said he chose to take money in exchange for memorabilia to help his family." And there's nothing wrong with that.
Three Picks In The First Round...More Defensive Players-
Ok, ok you caught me. So, if Lori doesn't win, will you not vote for Scott?
me too
u cheater reported spam
its been a couple months
Happy Friday, ALL!
#smwcampaign: Are these stats and graphics going to be available after the event to share?
Hurts worst on second day.
Sundays at Fairchild, but it's only free in August
Great point: accepting a post-graduation does NOT mean you stop looking for work.
I just wanna sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
What a beautiful day! Maybe Spring will return some day after all.
Looking for networking organizations in #Tampa. Any recommendations for young professionals?
Five San Diego hospitals disciplined by state health department for patient care problems. Monetary fines total $300,000
Today while cleaning, I put in LOTR:F. This of course means no work was done while the balrog was on the screen.
she's was a total
A great way to celebrate the end of the world! Ole! #rapture ": It's my BIRTHDAY!!!!"
- And this is why I like you.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. ----- Jim Rohn
That's the Panhandle Plains Historical Museum
It was because he insisted he was reforming before he'd ever heard of Luther. You know, I liked this band before they were popular
Where is this man?
Now Playing <U+266A> Tiare by The Surfers
Thank you!
Thanks! RT : Love the hash tag.
probably beaten to the punch but Greeks as EU citizens can live and work legally in any other EU member state..
That was a terrible shot... C'mon now Miller.
what you know bout them night terrors
thanks for the s.o. :)
when does it go until? Is there a list of places that are participating?
This is my song! #NP Anthony Hamilton- Point of it All
cuz its my thinking time lol
Omg what even. Vampire Diaries! Omg
lol my bad doe. But i was just listening to u singing on youtube that bruno mars song it will rain .lol u sound really great!
Alarm clocks: Because every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
"I will come to your house and rape you while you sleep"
“: My car doubles as a sauna when it's hot.”
Well at least you made it! #Instateam members never fail their objectives... unless it's winning Nooks. Have a good flight!
I just keep looking at my phone.. waiting.. wanting.. & loving.
Why is it when I can't sleep I make a dumb Decision by putting on 24....
doing crosswords and wishing wells on chippewa.. know your self? a new beloved? thanks wishing well!
I wish I could mute people in real life....
Babe Didrikson, named athlete of the century, 14 LPGA wins in 2 yrs, 3 Olympic medals, died way too young at 45 of cancer. Inspiring!
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are"
Sunday's are always boring...
Back in NYC. Looking seriously into Live Event and TV Hosting training/auditions!!
Becoming one of our followers on the day you're getting ready to go to dinner with Buzz Aldrin? Epic! Hope you had a great time...
I think I saw Danielle
Watching Smash. Anjelica Huston is the best.
Somewhere in Italy I lost my ability to drink whiskey...
I'm sexy & I know it! Lol, idk why but I felt like saying that lbs
Dont let ur legs fall off cause if they do u wont be able to dance for ur wonderful fans.
So. I have one more Sunday and one more Wednesday(Institute). AH! :)
Love the throwback uniform
“: You got a down ass bitch, better keep her” please tell me where to find one bro
That fab death come in 3's go hard! I like track 2 the hardest.
Why didn't text me back from yesterday...): sad face.
bye bye love ya as a frnd miss u -huggs- bye
e scrapbook so good....
#typewriters looking for people in Denver who use typewriters for my story today
Had a great day with my kids i love those little girls:-)
should I spread it like wildfire it like a disease? Haha
RT : When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
now to finish my presentation for AAM, go to work, pack, apply for 4 or 5 jobs, and leave for MN next Sat. Doesn't seem like enough time!
Praying for an Arts & Enterainment & Media Reformation!
haha glad you like it! :)
That moment when you taste something you're cooking and realize it is going to be delicious.
We're heading off to the dress rehearsal! Will try to get some good pics....
Grand Rapids or bust. So excited to see old friends and new at the Festival of Faith and Writing!
I hate my life..
I already have an electric mower!
Thank you for sharing!
Our Major League Baseball System Stolen Base has Game 3 of 3. We are in for a monumental payday. Game Changers members it's our time.
RT : Children get recess, but what is your favorite adult downtime activity that helps keep you balanced?
So, is there life after death? Also, how did the chili peppers get those socks to stay on their dongs?
manitaaaa dime ready pa el sabado!!!
wud go to Woodstock.
word yeah shits funny as hell
'Tis the season, UPS screws up yet again. Somehow decided to send something to my old address instead of contacting me.
When You're Walking Directly Behind Someone Walking Super Slow And You're Just Thinking, "GO!!"...
Changed up my username, fitting..
Yes please!
My mom told me that is her favorite and hes cute. omfg.
I fckin love verse in monsters in my head
Summer 2012 registration is now open at audiscover.org Classes include DWC In the Wild: Costa Rica, Video Production, Newswriting and more!
thx for the re-tweet.he found out she was leaving last second and is scrambling for a replacement (so is she).house is epic too :)
Seeing you on tuesday is always a welcome relief you didn't give in to your suicidal thoughts on monday.
I don't care what other girls might say Niall is my FAVORITE boy in One Direction!
RT Night I'm gonna dream and hold the love of my life! See u all tomorrow!
It feels so wrong cuz it feels so right, but it's all right it's okay with me
THE VOICE!!! Woooohoooo
Bob Nightengale from USA Today talking baseball next! Mile High Sports, AM 1510
I spent many dollars that day. (I have eaten all the mochi, by the way.)
And Bhi Bhiman found a new fan tonight. Subversive, funny. And he sings about imperialism. Dude, the first round is on me!
Looking for folks in SD who are bringing their kids to work tomorrow, DM me or call 619-293-1350.
cause u bblack
id love to see the pacers beat them
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. ~Henry Ford
I wouldn't even call it a job for that matter.
love this. :)
What a Perfect Day. No better way to start it than by coming to Blifferts Customer Appreciation Party. FREE LIVE MUSIC, FREE FOOD! C'mon by!
Why this weekend over! It is never long enough...
Law degree! You don't need MFA. Diversify your skills. Spoken from an author with an Econ degree.
hey, guys! Looks like you got hit with that icky spam hacker. Might want to check that out.
I hate people who text you first then won't text you back.
It's gonna be a boring day ever._.
That interview was pretty valuable and informative.
I thought you might like it! :)
I love my guy who is graduating from costal bend college today. Made it out of the streets of duval to a cap n gown.
Finally done filming! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
Would love too (:
Soulja Boy still exists! #shocking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Come on #NYR!!!!! PLEASE WIN!!
Sure we're not getting some calls but we has to be more aggressive ...on both ends
I'm doing a series of 4x5 film self portraits with the exposure time being dictated by the length of time that I sleep.
yay! I hope it's soon. I need my albino soul mate.
I love today!
I've arrived in twitter land!!!!! Woo hoo!!
Thanks Paul. I'll work on my Florida geography, but am excited to join the wombat migration southward
You said it yourself: Twitter's not necessarily the right medium. And I have way too much shit going on today.
Marshall to the Bears? Shit! We needed him.
aww feel betterr!! what do u have? :(
I'll be there in 45 min. after I wake up
I swear if fanny pak stays and rng leaves i will flip a shit
Trained to go -Literally
First single dance mix being done for clubs ha ha sounds cool, you will hear it soon
TY I am! Just finishing assembly of beautiful shelf unit for my dining room. Hope your weekend it great as well!
Torn. as a native Kansas Citian/ Packers rival I say no, as a cheese lover I say YES.
ahhaha it was a joke
Lucky. What adventures you've had - and to think you get to begin another as a dad..Hope you've got plenty of java on hand ;)
#truth :D
Starting web design for RandomDistribution.com ready to start bouncing ideas off of Fronz and get things set for the first show recording!
What the fuck just happened!!
it took like 3 weeks or so. the guy was great to work with! i highly recommend it!
In the library I just discovered archival materials of a Baton Rouge theatre group from the 1920s. Totally geeking out.
Looks like we will see you in Barcelona as well. Visit us at the Novatel Booth at 1A55. Safe travels!
I know a good theater that few kids go to. I'd tell you where it was, but then that would change.
just launched Current Weather, launching a blog about Mobile Working, creating app company.
Oh yeah! #nuggets FTW! We're taking this to 7!! CC
We'd be spectacular together Michelle. Xoxo
Thanks to our new followers: , , , , and It feels good to make new friends!
Oh how I love Zang Toi! Hilarious surprise to the end of his African queen-inspired show: a svelte Kirstie Alley as the finale model :)
- Whazzup with your Giants!? Gotta score in the red zone! Come on Eli, I'm cheering for you since Aaron isn't playing today!
Tie game!
I hope I'm not on that list - especially since you never IM any more :(
All I ever wanted All I ever needed Is here in my arms
Hey Roberts, cool neck tattoo. Yikes.
wtf? tearing up a little here.
A rikitikitavay if you don't get it you never will
Saw awesome license plate today: SCUBN8R
I hope you're right.
s/o to ! (: #WeGoinToWurk!
Ugh i hate that I have to be at work at 11 today, but the only brightside is I'm not closing!!
Thank you to the newcomers for joining my fan page ~ WELCOME and HAPPY HOLIDAY'S
include the tip in the price and the motivation for good service goes away.
Pics or it didn't happen.
working man working
Retraction, starting today, I will celebrate for 54 days instead.
do you follow me so I can em you
im sorry but is mine.
so wonderful to have you there!
so, my Friday consist of me babysitting my little brother while my parents go out... fun. :D
And the movie just seems illegal. Right?
oh sorry, definitely u can! I'm not trying to say u can't...u never seen Spartacus movie?
RT : Exxon/Mobil earned $18 billion in profits, paid no taxes and received a $156 million tax refund. Republican math is...
Agree RT : “: Matt Flynn is going to be a great #Packers trivia question in about 15-20 years.” so true
Now I'm thinking go to the launch party. #decisionsdecisions What should I do ppl?
Walking at least 2 hours per week lowers diabetics’ mortality rate.
The guy that played Banner in Avengers killed it.
still trying to figure this out
Bam! Just Like That. $.99 Worth a try + first chapters of The Phoenix Apostles
please follow them too much you love yours fan please ¡¡¡¡¡ <3
If Bonds got off, there's no point in this Clemens 'trial.' Hell, have of'm just want an autograph.
<--- Typed nothing about Diller; was Mum's Day Hijinx!
The voice of Luigi in Pixar’s Cars is lending his voice to vote YES for #OneVoice #OneUnion!! Thanks
Chill I'm the best texter out here lol RT : I hate he texts so slow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Don't mind me, Im too busy watching #deadliestcatch to care what's going on.
Gd morning loves ;)
I Know Right : )
“: (2:10AM CDT) THIS IS AN OFFICIAL NSK WARNING FOR TUESDAY, MAY 15TH. "No Sleep Kidd" is officially and formally... <<< YAY!!!
O says As long as I'm Pres a bit too often!
MJ on my Pandora...Wednesday, thank you. Thank you very much.
I would go to Galveston, TX for Beach fun in the sun.
need to figure out where I'm living later this year
I want chu to DM me
YOU LEFT YOUR FLASH DRIVE!!!!!
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.
We know Twitter kills verbosity - does it kill depth of expression? Always?
I'll try and hold off On the red carpet
Cathy, did I tell you about my word of the day twitter game? Use the WotD in a tweet, add #definethis. I select winners M-F. Fun!
that was my first impression :/
Thanks! just throwin'some new stuff out there and testing the waters.
He's everything any girl could ever ask for and more.
& WASSUP DUDES? READY TO COME TO KANSAS?
That sequence where Pau gave up the long rebound, Bynum blocked Faried's shot and Pau still let KF score: embarrassing.
This has been the longest week of my life. 2 hours to go until the weekend!
Do you want a 3-D TV or laptop? Why or why not? (And if you own a 3-D device, or just 3-D glasses, snap a pic to ireport+!)
How are you??!! We should do a skirt run in CP as soon as it warms up.
Dang its been raining for a week, need to get out for some cycling
this whole 3D printing thing is blowing my mind.
playing in Nashville this season, give me some DP fav spots around here
I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now iy don't know your dreams, then they can't shoot em down
Will Smith Supports President Obama's Call for Higher Taxes on Top Earners
i think so go check!
Time for morning juicing process to begin... apple, beet, ginger, spinach, lemon and carrots.
Remember when MTV used to be tolerable?...(Neither do I) #90's
have a safe trip & let's go freddie jacobson!!!
Babysittin my cousins! :D
Sometimes I just wanna give up, on everything .
Starting the long ride home. We'll miss the Trance Family we met, but we made fun memories and we will all be together one day again :D
haha oh yea?
you are beautiful.<3
#RemarkableRunners Overweight to Endurance Athlete team all had gastric bypass or lapband surgery - changed their eating, exercise, health
It's coming along...put out an EP a little while back (just some acoustic tracks), and working up some new songs for another...
wait wat happen wat i do
Never forget those who perished on this day, and to those who protect us from the evil doings of others. God Bless the USA!!
Hope you're enjoying the gorgeous day! "Get Up, Get Out & Work Your Body."
I can't believe how humid it is today! Feels 95, not 75. I do not miss Florida.
How was the LAM event? I meant to go but had to work on evaluation instead.
Another day another dollar? No. Today I'm trying to #make_a_difference with this gift called
Listening to some Material Issue before my two favorite NFL teams square off in a meaningless game. Ribs and baked beans baby!
Thx babe.. I will.. Have a great morning! <4 xx RT : sleep well darling <4
Evidently Aaron Sorkin (screenwriter for The Social Network and The West Wing) has agreed to write the new Steve Jobs movie
hell ya! Did you buy any?(: you know you did.
on my left playing every pot. Rest of table is soft.
Enjoying the demonstrations #psf2012. Saw an owl, a robot and a volcano!
About 4 minutes...some Be Curly, Confixor, scrunching and I am out the door.
Just realised my Simple Plan tickets haven't come... It's tonight :s
Did u know: one can not pick frozen pepperoni off a frozen pizza to make it veggie....is that on purpose?
no need to apologize, it's all part of the election excitement !!!
Keep trying bro u know how may of these questions she gets?
Have to say we have the best event planning intern on the planet!
Have a happy day:)
Gorgeous day in Denver. Who is going to be grilling up some bratwurst this evening?
#DavidFreese and #AllenCraig for and , throw in Ryan Howard for all I care...let's make it happen
I would love to go to immersion. When is it? Its I'm Seattle, right? I'll be down there July 28.
we do go way back back to like 8th grade :o
Just got the cutest dip dyed denim shorts ever<3
finally in
Follow my boss up & coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!! Keep in touch xx
Gonna finish watching this last novela n then sleep! Good night twitter bugs :)
Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion
hittin up my crib this weekend
Feel like seeing a movie...any suggestions?
I imagine being in a new place can easily consume your time. Is it hard to find work while overseas? Do you look for local work?
when I try to watch it says: "Video is private"
Debating on going back to Vegas tonight...
Heading over to speak w/ at #LegCon12 press conference, calling on Congress to prevent student loan rates from doubling in July!
Shoutout to the new for celebrating their history - we've got a pretty similar one, and it's quite fascinating. Cheers, guys!
haha! What can I say? My childhood was magical!!!
Bad news about Jermichael Finley! How do you think this affects the Packers' Season?
Relax and recharge
Hey thanks for the RT David!
Trusted researchers who do good work can be elevated to reviewer status to help review work of other researchers. #
#VEVOnewfront. Execs from Digitas and discussing high engagement and social sharing for online audiences.
Exploring tablet and e-reader possibilities, ideally a device that also allows for use w/ Chinese dictionary app's... suggestions welcome.
RT : Every morning I sit on my bed, looking at my closet and think "What would Kate Middleton do?"
What do you mean, "just left"?
Did you know Melissa McCarthy is Jenny McCarthy's cousin? #GG trivia tidbit
Happy Monday!!
Saying G'nite everyone. I've got some writing to do.
Looks like Aldridge is back in the lineup tonight.
we're 4 games under and -30 run diff. Its ok to stop pretending like this team is a contender. Day to day can still be enjoyable
You must keep investing in your career even if it isn’t giving you all you want exactly when you want it.
Too hard to get to in the glove compartment... but the little pocket thingy on my driver's side door is FULL of them!
#healthtip: It is best to buy fresh fruit and vegetables in season for your region.
Luck says communicating to both sides of conflict is important
CONGRATS TO OUR ROCK STAR OF THE WEEK!!!! ****CHAD**** and a special Happy Birthday shout out to our Sales Manager Melanie!
Former colleague had names stored up hoping news org would do this. "Penny for your thoughts." "My two cents."
Thanks! And we're great, she's actually moving in with me =) We finish moving her stuff in tomorrow.
"You'll not change urself 4 anyone...!! BUT you wil be automatically changed when you are addicted towards someone!".....<U+2665>
what? even MORE fuckable.
What. A. Fag.
:') okay *Goes Running to your house*
hey, I've been well =)
It's getting to be that time of year when a beanie, hooded sweatshirt and 40 extra pounds of weight isn't enough to keep you warm outside
oh how exciting
I just texted my mentor... What if she's a Flyers fan??? Obviously the question of if she's a rapist doesn't concern me lol
In 1978 James Coburn set a #GuinnessWorldRecord for being paid $250,000 per syllable to speak 2 words for a Schlitz Light beer commercial.
This is the READING room, not for obnoxious conversations or BET Awards.
It's alot of Females who need to feel this way
“: Don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game” deep
Friday's have the opposite effect on me. I move faster and get more done knowing its Friday. But, I still have to work Sat.
Follow me now(:
prime rib
": Football > Basketball #168MoreDays #BoomerSooner" Ill second that !
there's no use tweeting with him. He just doesn't get it lol. It's not worth our time
Any music that just MADE you listen recently? Open to all likes here!
When He's through you won't even have the makes of bondage on your wrists or ankles! Deliverance and healing is pure!
Thanks to the wonderful business professionals at the Huntsville Chamber - biz after hours event tonight - you made a newcomer very welcome!
Great job on the website redesign!
I back in the gym today too. Been a week and a half- yikes!
I am a very complex and multifaceted person... who never sleeps.
Most headshots/most kills. 3 games strait.
thanks! I felt bad about that too!!! LOL ;)
whenever we are having a fucked up day at the office..gonna think about this day..and the groove we had w our fellow #craftbeer lovers
• booing a kid's MLB debut is absolutely ridiculous.
hey, do know if you want to meet us or not. But Cassidy and I are gettin together tomorrow at 12 in the library
my new motto courtesy of : "no boys on valentines day"
Thanks for following! Everyone: This is a great program! Check them out!
No service at Otter Creek yay. Yet another reason to switch to Verizon....
Who's coming tonight to close out the 2011 Meetup season w/? www.meetup.com/Spreenkler
world's #1 home entertainment buying guide says "You'd be hard-pressed to find a better cable for the money". 5Stars Chroma HDMI
thank you Brandon!
What a beautiful day! Enjoy!
#washingtonstategolf There is a new great free golf app out at android and apple app store GolfWashington. Load it on your smartphone.
RT : RT : Congratulations to Dr. Khator, the 2012 Executive Communicator of Year award from IABC....
Pujols went 6/40 last year to start, so I'm not worried about any slow start.
Objection Oriented Programming
I survived Indiana's great sunblock shortage of 2012. Camping in Thrashers Woods after productive day & hitting it early tom.
RT : Neither you nor The Game should return, to be honest. RT : I will not be returning to The Game for season 6.
I do and a bum finger is better than blood on the pants.
New post coming. Tell your mom, tell your friends!
“: Failure is inevitable vikki lee taught that" when you accept failure you become a failure
hi alicce. plz dont feel sad it makes me sad..
msg miami or tampa?
BEA Bloggers Attendee Spotlight: Chicks Dig Books (Jen Congiliando)
This is 1 funeral I really don't want to go to :'(
Teen Titans! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I work at night but I'm free after :)
On my way to bts chillin with bitches and girl LOL !!!!!!! Lmao
“: I'll take goose over ciroc any day...”
Ladies and Gentlemen the people who like to joke with their real life drama:
NAIOP WI DL's had lunch today w Fran Brzezinski of InterstatePtnrs. TY to series sponsor HSI Properties. Mark Irgens is our next guest.
I was logged in as Peter accidentally, I made a comment under his profile!! :-0
Prepare to feel the wrath of
Someone should text me and cheer me up <U+E056>
Even crime wouldn't pay if the government ran it.
I asked him where he heard that and apparently it's from Inspector Gadget :)
Great rehearsal last night! Polished up some more new songs :)
Grrrrr! That works
Work. Homework. Sleep. Hopefully it goes well :))
I have a car wash to be at in half and hour and i'm still in bed . -_- What's wrong with me .
Sounds like my kinda man.
I don't believe in superstition, but I do believe people can be huge jerks when they don't even know anything about someone.
I worry that focus on "measurable" is too narrow.
I hate spongebob , and of corse, my little cousin loves it
oh and by the way, I hope your gf and your baby know what kind of fuck you are for making me want to die. fuck you asshole
Fact: working out raises your self-esteem #truth. Feeling like a hot momma right now haha
Thanks! Keep up the good work.
#Overheard in rehearsal: Clear vowels is the only thing Latin has going for it - don't deprive it of that!
RT : Fre up www.nfl.com/huddle and sb46.twitter.com for the second half of #EpicSunday (lots of action)
It's hard to believe that I've been up for 3 hours already I feel so dead and sound like an elderly chain smoker.
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday & Wellington was there haha :)
another beautiful day! ice cream is on the horizon for me..
In the edit studio with working on the next classic video directed by
So, should I read the Game of Thrones books?
Your life emerges from the greatest mind & the kindest heart in the history of the universe: the mind & heart of God!
Good morning all! Wishing everyone a happy & blessed Tuesday!
yes!!! I say that to people all the time! xD
Sleep with a Pikachu? ": I woke up and my whole body is static-y, what did I do?"
THE MOTOR CITY IS GOING DOWN DOWN DOWN.
Tonight at 7pm with and at the lab at 7pm. Headlining at 8pm in the main room. Happy mexico!
Open tonight 3rd n stark late night stop for sausages! $3 dollar Beef special. Garlic ketchup, aiolis, a grip of mustards!
It has been over an hour since I have heard an update and the site is still down!
#WhyDoIHaveTo be the one to make this work
From North to South Theys all kinds of Fun :)
yoooo...the troops said you killed!
5- Hate it when guy in front of you tries to get to his seat in the middle of an AB? Had a wall of 6 people blocking my view several times
FYI, Delta delays still occurring despite your tweets! Scotsman and an Englishman walk into an airport...it's like a bad joke!
M....skunk cabbage. It's finally starting to smell like spring around here.
r u having connectivity issue?
I miss already.
"Perhaps I will Stay in yr Time," considered. "Cat's Claw, White Willow Bark: natural alternatives to the Ibuprofen."
Repurposing old library positions for new what's your wish list?
: oh--we wish we could deliver that far! But at least you know where to go when you're in NY!
Speaker available on Upstate New York Genealogy - www.unyg.com
what's your other account I can't find it
oh, Miami! Haha :P Come to New York! It's probably about the same!
I want a cup wen she threw
I am blessed...and when I think about my life within the context that the world is not my world...I am humbled.
how do I disable the thumbnail that selective tweets posts to FB? Help! Thanks!
How cool to see all the #CDFI's tweeting !
God bless you and thank you
I'm starting to think... Those who SAY they got game in fact don't.
i live here, come see me.
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
at 7:30 ? That is when Jerry and I will be back there. If not .. Tell me where U R at 7:30 and we will come there. Ok?
– Thank you kindly for your recent RTs and mentions
How ironic - it is breast cancer awareness month - my mom just found a lump two weeks ago, surgery this week, she's ok! Yea!
Think you can sell? We'll pay you for it! Now hiring in Pittsburgh for Sales Reps. www.trgcs.com/joinus/html
we MAY have saw his house.
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy tiffy~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
Disappointed, i hope Denver pulls out some amazing picks tomorrow
Great! Shoot us an email whenever you'd like to submit!
I don't remember that episode of "Sesame Street."
school. please die
wait, seriously...
I guess this New World Order is inevitable... My world is with Jesus Christ!
Kidney stone surgery today....
You've got to earn your love up in this part of town.
hey (groups) when you switched to 'new format' why did you change my privacy settings? chk your googlegroups 'basic access' settings
Ah yeah-
Clearly off harden
I heart my #KANGEN water.
When old besfriends don't reply to your almost once every few month text < damn.
Wait, banana clip, shoulder bare, scrunchie socks and nkotb earrings in. Now I'm ready for 80s night.
Looking forward to a fantastic new year. I think everyone deserves one right!
That's fantastic! RT Hazewalker: 9 days and no wheat, loss 3 pounds as a bonus.
Senior prom at Tenafly High
Using an "unfollow website" or app to call out people who unfollow you that you never followed in the first place. I don't get it.
no but I drank coffee in it this morning. No spills
#TheMorningJones Bomani - what petition do we need to start to bring the show back
That's what I was wondering!
Happy friday 13th!!! <Oh, scary! :)
Parking lot paving, driveway repair, shoulder grading tomorrow in #Brookfield #Pewaukee #Whitewater #Hartland - Keep an eye out for us :)
<U+266C> 1954 Sun Records release the first Elvis Presley single "That's Alright Mama" & "Blue Moon of Kentucky" <U+266C>
FRIDAY! ... what to do this weekend ...
be confident; but be real...
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Layin in bed sick...
Headed to see if DJ P is really playing records on 39th.
Good Night, I have to get my beauty sleep!
I have no idea what I'm doing with myself anymore.
If u want me to do a studio version cover of Boyfriend the RETWEET this!
King james
Nah. Fear of the unknown is a waste of time. One needs to be nimble in these times.
"Karl Rove Group Claims Its Attack Ads Aren't Political" #huffpost And since you asked, Rove has -never- been in politics!
hbd bud! Gl!
omg, so grateful I haven't missed the chance to grab my books after work tonight!! Thank you!
4/26- join us for to support the We will donate 25% of your check and will match it $ for $!
Going to catch lunch, so will won't take you up on ur generous offer yEs, we are go!
Come to the Kennedy's for your haircut! Call 407-333-9411 to find out more and for great deals!
as wade stands there
u have an interesting name!
Cracked screen replacement
your not bout that life
I can not attend the mall Saturday to meet people for tickets BUT remember to be there at 5pm to see the other buttfaces!
oh I might come say hi! :-) I'm still at school just got out
Africa Teacher Foundation Presents AFRICAN VIBES
Had a long day
he's on craack or some.
Do you live in the district that you want to represent? We can ask every day until nov. if you want.
Just stumbled into your blog. Everything on there is GOLD!
These words you are saying; I know them and I didn't even have to look them up first. :P
How big is your vocabulary?
My account keeps saying "Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Try logging out and in again." What's the deal!?
i wanna be a whore just like you! wouldn't that be cool!?!?! .. Lol.
I recently attended the International Retained Search Associates fall conference...overall attitude/confidence was up from our spring conf
yep me to really excited!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!
I get 2 see my love today!!!!! Ahh! So excited!
I was going to vote for myself for jagoff after giving that first game loser stat and getting our hopes up, but I have...
Taking the boat out for the first time this summer.:)) and going to visit both sets of grandparents. <3
love your passion for equal rights. You're right Christianity is about LOVE and GOD. The greatest gift of all!!
- no kidding! We are in a damn dome! It is not slick!
Working on our roof. So loud. But soon no leaking ceiling! Tho stuff keeps falling on the A/C - that can't be good.
Are you a travel agent/agency?
Nunez still has to make up another run from his error
we Gucci ;)
Thanks for the great coffee! RT : Thanks for hosting #smbmsp40!
Steve Blake hits 3 threes and starts trending?
I heard he's releasing a new LP where he whistles the dying song of a near-extinct Galapagos Swallow
there's rumors about harry actually being gay wut
elite tv is interviewing interns for Radio n television producers, radio personalities, and show bookings inbox for info.
good job keep going
freaks me out
Probably piada today!
#Diversity's strength is the ability to #Unite people of different backgrounds around common principles |
Ohh my bad
It's that time of week again, all you can eat for $31. The highest quality AYCE sushi in Chicago. Period.
south of the border?
need you help..... please comment your answer for a big bet!!! how many pets do you have????
Amos St Germain -- recalling Snow's claims that scientists & humanities types work & think differently, can't and won't meet
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
The JLo Kohls TV spots need to stop, please!
I'm about to try Zumba for the first time and I'm doing it in a group class at Chesapeake. This was probably a bad idea...
But who picked chicago to win it anyway right? looks like bos vs heat in conf finals
definitely agree for the long run
he needs to live in fast forward like we do
#FF she is an amazing Actress! she also is very sweet, and very gorgeous, so go follow her she's incredible :)
Peter is so whack. #RHOA reunion
well neither do the other band mates... I think I'm all alone on this one.
"It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know."
theirs a few guys who dont agree with my style throwin it at me, YUP they Cliff Lee wit it now
I mith you. (when typing mith it came up mitherfucjer, I suck at typing when I'm drunk and angry)
More love for new Tweeps
Which local Chinese do you recommend? I haven't found a great place yet.
ThMorUKno: The Book of Revelation is as much (or more) a political statement as religious. (Thru imagery, author take shots at the Romans.)
I won two of three of my pools. Even so, my 2012 men's bracket might not even make my top five women's brackets of all time, including 2012.
Not sure I really needed to see Landon Donovan shirtless in his post-game interview. Other dudes' chest hair is pretty distracting.
Car sales at Ford Motor Company were up 8 percent; Focus was the biggest seller with sales up 78 percent during this period.
guess who's back? this girl!
it was #greatTV!
hey handsome!
#Indy Rainmakers provides opportunities to network, learn and improve the bottom line. It's still up to you to follow through and connect.
no we live in dallas. We just playing some shows in cny! How bout u?
"When I was younger and they asked me to pick a number between one and ten I couldn't even get that right."
Weekend off to a good start. A W for Bobcats
ok i will
All I want to do is watch Disney movies now..after live countdown of course!
. ha. yeah good point.
It takes two to speak the truth - one to speak, and another to hear
RT when some one try's to to explain what the did wrong this is what you get.uh,oh,um,um,ya,no,maybe,ok it was his all his idea.
This evening, be sure to let my playlist help you wind down. Let me know what song is your favorite!
#Ali, Shadows of the Pomegranate Tree. 1st of 5 novel series on Islamic history traces the brutal fall of Muslim Grenada through one family.
meh. not that interested in it...it just says ongina followed by to the right of my timeline. thought id ask. :d
Brian Earl Spilner. Sounds like a cop name. Are you a cop?
AND HE SOUNDS SO GOOD.
it was decent, had a tough session Saturday, but about to go on vaca so hopefully that helps. Call u Thurs :-)
I'm about to rip mine up! which 2 you miss?
k twitter i am back from my nap! :)
I tend to agree. I wonder what engine they are actually using?
Lets go Lakeshow.
ik it sucks. But what u were saying earlier about just……. were u being serious?
You're welcome! I was "listening in" on #edchat and enjoyed seeing what everyone was sharing!
hahaha thanks but no im not, you are and take it i hate my accent hahaha-___-<3
But it's not worse! RT : boesch's plate discpline hasn't improved ….
cost of a billboard
how did it go this morning?
well shut da front door.... Look who decided to join us
Also, is dead?
Draft #2 of EP mixes is in!
Share a smile today;-)
That's funny!! RT : Bring on the unpaid in the final
Certainly! I am just catching up with our standings! This year I'm following more sports than politics.
post ride burrito with my kids is always a good call. plus i like to help a cycling sponsor when i can.
Thanks for checking in Have a great trip!
haha okay:) I will:)
Science class was funny today!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> K.L.'s umbrella broke 1 of the fish tanks!<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>(there were only 2 fish in there but we saved them)
I hear my name Repeating like a prayer Within the chambers of the early morning air
RT Kevin, hey (former) neighbor. Ashley I looked for your pic and hoped to connect. Yes, Let's slide!
WE LOVE AUSTIN !
- I just saw your suggestions now - thanks!!! - I'll be sure to mention u once I check them out!
One more quirky cliched phrase
Coffee and beef jerky
you have a cell phone or something
First a mediocre coffee from Barista Fair Trade, now a soul crushing cup of Nespresso. Never forgetting to bring my coffee grinder again
You call them Haters. I say they're Sand Castle Kickers.
Dear cable companies - it's 2012, I think the technology exists to equalize the volume on all the commercials you air. Look into it.
yes! It's the best.
What are the odds that you reading this tweet? 1 in a million..? :)
that's the same thing ==>Just givng the pussy up
Rightly said, same here.
It's sad how people do cancer jokes. Its cruel. Cancer is no joke. and for sure not funny.
#vsa2011 the closing session already?!? Time flues when you're having fun! What a great first VSA!
Must be nice for Ohio State to get a virtual home game as an 8 seed.
Prom Is Next Week !
The caricature was Bob Sirott!
Stay with your friend if they’re going to throw up. Look for signs of alcohol poisoning like slow or irregular breathing.
State Farm Life® Introduces New Joint Universal Life Product
you doing "Little Red Corvette" or "Might Real" has nuances. Palin is NO Sandra Bernhard! Lol
I would like for everyone else to stop claiming that they have the best mom in the world, because it is well-known that my mommy is da best!
Ohh...a cocktail sounds great right about now....even if it is too early! Happy Weekend to you too~
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind :)
Happy #Easter :)
I'll always protect people. I know what it's like and I will fight for ppl.
taking cardboard load to recycle container
Another Reason to Consider Document Scanning: Reduce Storage Costs.
Apparetly I load offers to my and never see the statement credits!
A fast paced lifestyle can take its toll on the health and appearance of Americans.
they will definitely lol “: Lakers might get swept!”
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Why do you love and ?"
#boxing Mayweather will never beat Pacquiao. Never!
holy poop. Friend of your bros......holy followers woman! I am not worthy!
Rabbit au vin with Swiss chard, baby carrot, confit shallots...chefs tasting menu today for only $25
I almost tweeted a bunch of #FF mentions. You can clearly see where my head is today. :)
Not till Wednesday technically, but it's my birthday week. :-)
Gain clarity & map out exactly what brings u authentic happiness. Retune ur brain & surround yourself w/ things that u love!
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness & love. ~ William Wordsworth
Are you thinking of converting to Mexicanism?
Thank you #CLE for a great weekend. Book with us for bottle & transportation deals. Special Thanks to
thanks, Joel! It was perfect.
Ridin to my bro #WeekendAtBurnies One Life
are you following #NYUdebate? hopefully... Ron Shiffman's got good stuff to say! (and stay tuned for more from him at NVP!)
i swear they rep cali to the fullest 400000000000000000
“: I swear i'm just sitting here waiting for you to call.”sorry I musts fell asleep:/
#20ThingsAboutMe 18) I hate being stared at but I stare at people.
I listen to too many love songs lol
Justin Turri just got hat trick
Customer Testimonial: 311 saved me from having to run around back and forth. They gave me all the information that I needed with one phone c
It use to be about doing Something, now it's about being someone.
Pierce Brosnan iceberg para-surfing on a tidal wave. Forgot how much I love James Bond Movies. LOL
My Speech and Discussion classes: Be ready with your 2 minute Golden Week speeches for the next class. :)))
DRINK. RT What to do when you give a party and honored guest winds up in ER before party begins?
This song nasty but it's funny too lol..I like it ;)
Defense asking for recusal of D.A. Dumanis in Sweetwater case. (VIA )
Thx for the follow. We've seen your wines performing well in a few of our BC clients. Congrats! Cheers!
Emily Owens looks decent on The CW.
Thank you so much for your support of the and 's first Early Bird drawing! Ticket sales were incredible! Stay tuned for more
Here we go aain! RETWEET this for a chance to win FREE Tickets to our show June 15th! with Fuel
Make it a God Day..He Rocks!!
Lmaoo! He's Going To Hell :o
Same deal here.
Thanks, We're all getting excited and can't wait
no, because you'd be the worst winggirl ever LOL.
I hate social networks, can't stand them.
Yea-haw Jester's dead. No he's no, he was a bad-ass heavy on #Justified tonight. Harlan County > Detroit!
Next time I'm on facebook, I'm going invisible. This boy is a stalker.
haha thank you!!
Are you hosting the L.O.L Comedy show tomorrow at the Nile?
this dude in my class was just so embarrassed when he got called on and forgot what he wanted to say
this face :) is a fake smile most of the time
I got so many RT's on the OM&M lyrics lol
it was a little obvious
We appreciate your support!!! ^___^
haha hey;) where were u?
yesssirrr you already know we did it big again...miss you my dude. Get back down here so we can get that taq queso
At the Empire State Building. Security is tighter here than at Tri-Cities Regional Airport
g00d morning there's always time to dance!!
Um is it just me or does the rap parts of beiber's "boyfriend" sound just like the gall bladder rap? yes.
Very proud of the work my #unrbrand students did this semester. Some of them far exceeded my expectations.
The enlightenment of quality control philosophies - from Feigenbaum to Juran
ariel and i went to keith's earlier. lol.
am now lol
Thanks Janet!
Headed to Heart for delicious coffee!
Keurig coffee maker in the office. Add this to the list of reasons why I'm a happy intern here at
lol....for some reason I imagined you punching the computer screen
i need to release some stress man ...... ;)
What will take my students 2-d designs of guitars and make them 3-d. Any ideas o wise brain trust?
“ Life right now <”
Happiest Birthday ! Thank you for being an amazing & for keeping things interesting! May there be a lot more interestingness ahead!
oh, i've seen some hot tee's i'ma cop for June, July, and August! time to step my game up!
Executive Director Susan Danish: "We must develop more #juniorleague women as community & civic leaders"
I love that idea! RT : All 4pm Friday meetings should come with an adult beverage. Make it so.
Lol I keep tearing up when I look at that baby. Darn him lol
i'm bummed that disney made it, only because it probably won't be close to honest about the real walt. still stoked though.
woman I'm panicking
Nice 9,2,6,2 double play by the #Indians to end the inning. Twins lead 3-0 so far.
<U+200F> Thanks for the follow! We appreciate your support.
thanks Haleigh! :D
what are you in the city for?!
Overtime Tune In For Real And Raw Sports Talk In 45 Mins Only On GoMileHigh.Com!!!
Sometimes I really feel like what I have to say is important. This is not one of those times.
HI FRIEND
Yep RT: Great conflict of the Big Dance: I have Mizzou in Final 4. But how can I root against Norkfolk State now?
yes I would lol.
my condolences. Thoughts and prayers with you.
looks like a fab Friday to me
your probably on the plane or in Miami now, but I hope you have a great time! Do they have subway there?
#sect #astrology #STAR night sect "mates" = moon, venus, mars. mercury's sect is determined by whether it rose before or after the sun.
#6WordSciFiStory - Oh My God! Earth is gone!
The only thing that makes it a part of your life is that you keep thinking about it.
That would be very cool. I'm really looking forward to Innocent Darkness!
Happy mothers day, to all the mothers out there!
Apparently Judiciary Square is the hot new dance spot for DC. We're going to have to look into creating a Price Benowitz dance team...
let's this week! Thursday evening Radha?
Ergo. U cant use bond $ for salaries. But by being smart on targeting bonds
“Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about things we cannot see.”(Hebrews 11:1, NLT)
Only one c is necessary in necessary.
Cerus Corporation (NASDAQ:CERS) announced that its second quarter 2011 financial results will be released on July 28, 2011 at 4:15et
Congrats to Sounders! Open Cup champs for 2nd straight year!
I don't give a sh*t - go home and play with your kids!
dude u check ur txt?
The dial tone of a normal telephone is in the key of "F"
My head has been pounding all day long...side effects!
Cleveland is the city that come from so run, run
Back into FMA on Blu-Ray. Epic Winry FTW
We are back in the office today after being offsite for our TBRI training last week. If you ordered DVDs last week, we will ship them soon!
Cool to see #LAPL branches like and using social media to promote reading and community evolvement!
Just gonna be watching 's live chat for the next hour...couldve have a friend over but right now Ari's more important!
SHOWCASE SUNDAYS! NOW LOOKING 4 SAN ANTONIO'S FUNNIEST COMEDIANS & RECORDING ARTIST....COME PERFORM ON THE LIVEST STAGE IN TOWN 210-823-9448
Lack of communication amongst doctors is a huge problem.
this is the girl I was expecting the first time.
The goal is to make school so boring that the only thing left for students to do is learn. We're almost there!
if one direction and ed sheeran did a song together i think there would be to much perfectness for me to handle
Congrats on the new awesome show!! yay!! Go Jennifer!!
I just caught myself singing "kissed by a rose" -seal Wow
I can't believe I actually got my room done ugh looks amazing <3
Don't forget get about the #Earthdaybikeparadepgh ;)
. -- Re: #immigration, we need to get rational about this.
I enjoyed your interview on #vokle! I design custom #qr codes for the #Sacramento region. I may have to check out your book
Already using scroogle, now to disenGooge step by step and see how far I get. Now about that droid, hrm..
Join us for Forensics Today with the South Bend Crime Lab at the Centre Branch on April 5th at 1pm. Pre register online or call 251-3700.
Always be positive
"If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it." -- Anthony J. D'Angelo
Y'all grilling?
Well, wise girls will be #lonelyforever - Love without reservation & listen without thinking and he'll want to stay
"You look like Neil Simon (sic) at a Red Sox game."
What part are you on or are you finished?
Congrats and for finishing the Baltimore Running Festival 5K!
we changed our profile pic. to a GIF!!! lol
UC class of 2016: confirm your admission and apply for housing by MAY 1st!! That's two days away!!
Media archaeology is like an affordance; theory as affordance: making things happen. ~Parikka
..A 14 year old girl broke into Josh Hutcherson's house and tried to cut of his leg because Peeta loses his leg..what?
i went to the gym .. then tbell .. and now laying in bed !
Mom sent me some badass deer salami : )
GET IT
Today is Pig in a Blanket Day. We’ll clean one blanket per family for FREE if you drop off today & tell the CSR you saw this.
RIP Harry Crews. Your novels changed the way I look at trailer courts, amputees, and bathtubs--or at least that particular combination.
Nice. I'll head down there after this beer.
@ 112k at 1st break. Avg 150k. 144 players remain. Starting table already broke. Current table seems decent.
Sometimes a woman is angry at one man, and takes revenge on everyone else ...
And it just jumped a foot. AH.
I'm watching that same shit!
Did your dad dig our burgers?
Greg Maddux and Mike Maddux..wow
My dude I'm so bored ;o
Awesome!! See ya there, stupid! :P RT : Guess who's going 2 Comic Con this year?! That's right, moi!
It might just be me but I find #dueapp 's UI not so much unintuitive as just plain wrong. Doesn't work as I would expect.
“: Just signed up for the retreat that is speaking at Lighthouse Church - The troubles with Jesus May 4-6” Great!
Split firewood and went snowshoeing this morning ... now it's time to write!
idk, just anywhere would be better then where I live haha
how yuh been??
If you haven't heard the song Letter to Me by Brad Paisley, you are 100% missing out.
I'm having the same thoughts. RT : Nice read. Just told my wife today no football for our son.
shoot us a mail at and we'll get back pronto!
Yes! This is also why it pays to follow people in various international time zones.
then why do you still insist on tweeting about it then....
One person can never control the social media on campus
We only got 3 2bed/2baths left so make sure you come in tomorrow
Totally agree, still find it fascinating ... I am someone who always gets suckered into buying ' cute' food...
Sure thing. Let us know if you have any questions.
Day 6: Thankful for cool, cloudy days that are perfect for curling up on the couch with a good book. #gratitude instagr.am/p/SWg56/
So far, Newt is winning the Big Bill demagoguery contest!
Overcast, windy but warm here in Vegas, a great day to write, edit and #live! :D Have a great weekend to all!
Interviewed some awesome applicants today who can't wait to begin their Adventure! What are you waiting for?
Oh goodness what I get my self into...
yup RT : myPOV: Companies have more data than they know what to do with as it is - too few people know how to action it
Just had a happy thought, I'm on celluloid!! In the digital age who knew!? So giddy about being an extra, bumped to actor in a real FILM!
Was great - excellent line-up, you missed some good presentations!
congrats Nina.. Would love to have you come talk to CVC cc
Im like a rain cloud forming in your brain, my lyrics melt faces like the rain in spain
my father in law and dad are both like that!
Looks like I'm the only #superluser not @ PAX: Dev or PAX. Yay for me.
I'm scared I'll never get to hear 's voice ever again. that would be terrible.
that was back in my blackberry days, I am an apple man now.
you're welcome (:
RT : RT : Life is a gift. Treat urs as such ;)
This is like the third time Jeter is coming up to hit.
Where is that from?
thanks bro, I feel ready this week
Pregnant ladies scare me .-.
I Want You To Follow Me So Bad:) PLEEEAAASEE? <3
M Thor. Now casting friends to be The Avengers with me for Halloween.
Okay I'm doing q&a on my fb
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic "Party to Crash"! Now on i-Heart Radio... +750 internet radio stations!
You should come see us at the Battle of the Bands @ The Venue 42
Shoutout to 's_Simmons for making such a remarkable album :-)
Im scared of the dark!
Struggling with the structure of the essay I'm writing, this is so stressful. Also, sick so I feel like shit today and can't even sleep :(
#JPM Shareholder: Mr. Diamond, should board members be also serving on board of NY Fed Reserve Board; It seems like a conflict of interest..
Since four years ago. LOL! I have pictures on fb, lol.
what the BUCK!
Modeling today... will share with new pics soon =]
hahaha you know them ?
pumpkin doe?? where da caramel mochioto???????
Just like that!
good sleepy time tweethearts!
Not sure. I would think not. You could always try though
lucky u i love cheese lol
I can honestly attribute it to you both! :)
Erik from Sir Speedy has a new Marketing Blog. You could be the first to 'follow.' Since he currently has no followers...kinda sad....
I hope you're safe with all of the severe weather going on down there!
Bet low rivers. He calls and leads out 9 river 2/3 pot, I raise big, and he tanks 5 min and then folds 88 face up: (
"Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts." ~Charles Dickens (born 2/7/1812)
Tom Brokaw in the house
Thanks for tips to prep studio for collector visits - Merry Christmas!!!
I'm afraid to say that installing blinds is not one of my strengths.
that he puts ketchup on everything
I always sence when people try to get me jealous.
don't fuck this up
I need a personal trainer ASAP!! How do you loose 20 lbs in one week ugh
What's You Radio Phone Number?!?!?!?!?
Rushers Rule The KCAs
I was at the last game of the season and I remember you came over to the visitors dugout to throw your hat. I was front row!
Can we get John Anderson on Twitter already?!
you are to funnyy bitch!!!!
We can park free, sit anywhere, have a full meal free, and receive all the membership benefits...even if we don't attend regularly.
now begins another marathon broadcast day for Entercom Communications stations in the Central Time Zone :>)
Had a nice night and some good laughs
I believe that our Country's #debt is a national security issue. My plan deals with our debt head-on. Let's make NC great again!
Nice! I need to add that one to our list!
Our daughter learned how to say "Mama"...too cute!
#MyNextRelationship will be fully put together by God...My own doings got me nowhere.
i just beat summer pignic with 3 stars on all levels!:D
At Red Robin!!!
National Coalition for Core Arts #artstds live chat on 1/24 @ 1PM EST re: new #CommonCore standards in the Arts. via
not enjoying this band right now
Im tired, but i dont want to sleep ahah
Appreciate it bro. Can't wait til we're on the same bench together! These things gotta happen every 5, 10 years. LOL
What do pregnant HOES and burnt toast have in common?? If you would have pulled it out a little earlier, Everything would be good.
#nf Go Follow
Seriously I can never catch a break...when is this ever going 2 end?!?!?!
3. Anything you can wrap in a tortilla
That Kevin and Winnie didn't get married on The Wonder Years.
Luv ya in JL. Team Mike
Awww yeah! Raspberry. That's my jam.
I wasn't always this way. I was very negative and a huge bitch. I had to go thru something that broke me to finally wake up.
At the bruno mars and janelle concert
I miss the old J.D... PLEASE COME BACK!!
“: Bobby Petrino is out at Arkansas”
#What2ChainzWouldsay whatcha thank of my necklace?
"would you ever date a fan?" One Direction "yes" Me: WORDS WILL BE JUST WORDS TILL YOU BRING THEM TO LIFE.
“At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet
Having trouble voting? Call our campaign office and we’ll help! (415) 875-9990.
Hello! Yes I am!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you to everyone who has assisted me in my learning. Have a great day.
are you saying you're part of that 52%?
We're updating the website-- FRESH CONTENT is on the way!
It's been almost 10 years since I've had tv & longer since I had a land line. But I worry I'll soon get triple played on my internet rate :o
No way to put it delicately. D Wade and LeBron James really shit the bed here at the end
We Formed A "New" Religion ~
such gross neglegence on your part publishing that Too Short piece. Is this the example you want to set for young boys?
Not a restaurant! I'm semi-retired, chef-wise, so it's envisioned as a pop-up dinner series. Less overhead & stress. :)
RT : can't stop thinking about that chocolate bacon Donut. Turned my frown upside freaking down. Best boss eva
Jeanne Weinkle & Don Leeper are representing BookMobile at #toccon. If you want to get a hold of them, let me know & I'll make it happen!
Out of work early. ^_^
you're addicted to working? I'm impressed :)
This new Gentleman Jesse lp is pretty damn good.
Ex-Arab League boss vows reform, dismisses Mubarak link
Yeah I'm sure the dogs are ok.. #ThatsMyDad and his buddy, they're out in the garage drinking beer & singing along with the radio...
As usual..my band get's fucked over..I guess people don't think we care, but guess what..
Reconnect with your God today- with your heart and your spirit- He is still there. :)
me and my friends are seriously going to do that. And we are going to play on the bouncy balls.
that one annoying person who tweets every 5 seconds and fills your wall.
Just twisted the best stick ever. Might just frame it and hang it on my wall.
Saw BULLY last night. I hope all those ignorant school officials were let go sans pension. They should all rot in jail!!
Its ok I STILL LOVE U
please tell your mom "take care and everything is gonna be fine ;)" from me please :)
You got me. It looks like fun.
Nice surprise Saturday visit from and the lovely
lol u should check sodahead.com ppl put interesting comments about you !!!
he didn't just say that...wow
Ke$ha must have terrible teeth from brushing her teeth with Jack Daniel's every morning.
what kinds o leads and where? always sounds suspect 2 us...
ah, link me! We should do an exchange! :D
yup, but Bulls will miss Deng no doubt, but that's where the depth comes into play. Bulls are an elite team now.
I dunno bro- Giant burning orbs of matter, light years away, totally define my character and tell my future.
I'm going to be in Houston tmrw so we can make this right lolol
The people with the biggest hearts, always suffer the most.
I've been thinking about something Egyptian or tribal.
you're beautiful, and tomorrow is a new day. cheer up and find the good that exists in every situation
I turned down shots & I'm not that hungover. I'm proud of myself haha
Rainy day at the #farmersmarket. One FREE #cookie or #cupcake with purchase.
Our liberties we prize and our rights we will maintain
I really hate cliche sayings… It makes me wonder why you couldn't think of something original… Something that's your own
correction, I watched it and and we're "just in the living room" the whole time.
no question!
Woke up at 5:30 for #blackfriday shopping at Macys, Prudential and Newbury st... I'm sleepy already!!!
Happy Election Day! Go out and use your power to vote... Make it happen... Every vote counts every time.
are ur shoes unisex or only for boyz? because i am thinking of buying and i dont wanna buy a boyz shoe
If all goes as planned, I'll leave for Ohio State August 1st!!!! <U+E41F><U+E420><U+E00E>
#boohoo toilet paper at warren is worse
Shit cracks me up when my dad tries to act professional putting on those fake ass coke bottle frames, that work shirt with 2 buttons missin-
I am great now that I have my #someday and just watched #neversaynever ... hey #getatme ;)
Watching "Contraband"
That's awesome! Keep up the great reading. :-)
representing this morning
I thought the same thing. The Movie is well produced & visually appealing, but tends to drag... some scenes go on a bit too long
awkward as a turtle.
Love that book and the series!
great movie...I got that..I was scared in the movies...what you been doing with yourself...
I just heard about the salted fish crate!!! You remembered!!! What a wonderful man you are. I cannot wait to see it.
It is our experiences that mold us into who we are… during times of adversity our true character will show.
DM us details and links - we would be happy to take a look.
bro there are college games on all day
Working on casting a TV show...work, work, work is never done. Thank goodness I enjoy it!!
Jesus, BIlly, what's the next segment? Reading unintentionally funny headlines?
Sounds like the tenets of the Tea Party? Why fight the association to Tea Party? What's the difference?
#Butler police investigate 2nd crime close to campus in 1 week. Student reported a man with a gun robbed him and stole his car.
Welcome back, Guy... glad you are here!
“: Super rally We are moving WI forward Last in the country in jobs is moving forward? Oh boy! We are screwed!
Looks like the GOP is taking a knee on the goal line.
those cute texts i send you>
where else can you get 25 gb for $3/month? that's pretty great. but a car would have been cool
I hardly know you, but totally relate to your comments!
deserves to be verified, he is so dedicated & works hard, so...VERIFY PSANDERS
I got a python but then I freaked out thinking the apartment management would find out or he'd get out & kill a neighbor so I gave him away.
note to self: don't fouette in the living room.
I had a lot of sodium at lunch and then I was mean for two hours. Does this ever happen to you, or only Gwyneth Paltrow?
Miami Dolphins: Deciphering fact from fiction regarding Jake Long
Allo, evening and just a quick Q -- as monitor's tiny. Um, is that avatar a blue coin?
she had a 2 foot pixie stick a little while ago...lmao
shout out to christine please!
Cool "Yoga at Bears Den" shoot in Loudoun last week, photos soon.
I'm betting on WWP National Squad.
hold me lol
ICONic Blue.
You're killing me Pack
do you have any more pictures of Harry in a beanie? I think it's the most attractive thing
Town hall meeting to discuss water projects will be at the Columbia Heights Community Center tonight from 6:30 to 8:30 PM.
I think the arguments for open carry are more convincing than those for concealed carry.
lol not at all
thx for fdbk. if we don't send results it tough to gauge quality on real world qs. Product is 2wks old & lots of room for improvement.
So far so good! Just WAY too busy in my personal life!
But you love the child just the same ;)
I didn't watch the grammies but i do love
its going show.lol silly man
Donnie - what do you think about Tito leaving the Sox?
thanks for everything you've don for me. I hope we stay friends FOREVER and EVER! :)
Bout to get some ink.
Indeed. Have been a long standing fan, visited twice last year!
Now: town hall on future media - btw happy birthday to
CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER. And Im Listening To One Of Your songs
"Sanctification" is still relevant!
Come see student performances - Live at the Fishbowl, 7 to 10(ish) pm TONIGHT.
Will do.
Yeah, that's good that you didn't get that attached.
Just in case you haven't noticed, IT'S AN OPINION SHOW !!! Unlike CNN&MSNBC , FOX separates hard news from opinion !
If you don't invest in marketing your book then how readers know to read it??
Writing the last few pages of my thesis at with Usher and Foster the People blaring from frat houses outside.
Technically, yeah.
April from had great points. Before jumping into social media, carefully think about your goals and make choices.
That one is on B Marsh. He was afraid of getting hit.
Hm, someday I'll try it >.<
The release of CS6 is today! Who is excited?
S/O 2 <-- Go Follow her to gain more followers!! My loyal followers!!
I hate you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Budget signed...It's a sad, sad day for Wisconsin.
you are such a liar! >;\
Gently reminding people that we can't actually claim #copyright on someone else's 17th-century publication.
Occupy Wall Street is on full view metaphorically and profoundly at LA Phil now for Sellars/Salonen/Shostakovich. Do not miss "Orango" wow!
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION <3
Everyone excited for the 64th Annual Opening of the Beaches Parade tomorrow!? This years theme... HILLBILLY HOE DOWN!
Feels like Wednesday should be Thursday.
Good Morning Farmers, come by & say "Hi!" to your fellow Farmers, our strain of the day is George Clinton.
LOL. But she does tend 2 score 1 here and there on delivery alone. She is definitely a Roast comic....
ITs FRIDAY.
Spending the day driving and tasting our way through South Australia's Barossa Valley.
no I anit
You can do it! Head down, and go.
11:06 pm what about there?
just do it baby
OMG tscheesy OMG are you going to see the MeganGlass? Go to Voodoo Donuts and get the Ol' Dirty Bastard!
RT ": Mercy, Mercy me that Murciealago."
but where's ??
Well thats still amazing that you get to see them! I got seats way in the back, yet it was still 40 bucks.
A little game of Bowling @ red rock! Woohoo!
Witnessing the bizarre convergence of my teenage son reading The Scarlet Letter on his android phone. Technology doesn't make it suck less.
Christmas brings excitement; post-Christmas brings a return to normalcy. Looking forward to both.
GOOD MORNING! :D
Thanks to everyone who joined in the #healthyatx conversation yesterday, lets keep it going today.
Crap day being turned around by listening to the Dateable play Jazz on public radio. *le sigh*
“: Deion Sanders is just an awful human being.” I so agree with you .... Prime Time is a DBAG!!
Ha, a Rangers fan, eh? : ) Looks like May 23rd will be the date, hoping to lock that down and get invites out tomorrow.
Quote of the day from my research: "Really Bro. Oldham, I can't see why Dr. Brewster is such a blockhead."
Are you doing better?
you already have one
I hear congrats are in order!!
Today, April 25 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest, Sylvia Allen | Sylvia's Children | www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
pulled pork>coleslaw>fried green tomatoes>brooklyn summer ale>pecan pie>brooklyn monster ale. it's good to be the king...
That was traumatizing.
All these over emotional girls that post everything bitching about how their douchebag boyfriend dumped them...
Will be there shortly w/ ! RT Playing the Bank bar and grille tonight in downtown Dubuque, IA. 9pm 21+ and free!
you not no baby
now write mine
RT : LM: #Bears coaches worked with players on field today for first time as offseason program entered its third week.
We're open late night and the DJ is getting ready to turn it up!
Hey #indyslis #IUPUI! Nuts and bolts meeting tmrw goes over how get funding for student groups and campus events...#bannedbooksweek anyone?
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
CES CONVENTION IN VEGAS JAN 6TH THRU JAN 9TH BOOK YOUR DISCOUNTED ROOMS NOW AT www.myvegaspeople.com
you in love wit a fat white bitch step ur game up
All comedy situations have to get more terrible, the minute you get over it, the humor is gone.
not as mean as punk
Speaking of bike videos, would like this: #iMedia25 Brands Pioneering Online Video! See the videos that made the cut! imcn.it/Ac8zWH
Testing my Twitter-MapMyWalk.com Connection
3 finals down, 2 to go.
I want tickets to April 22nd Houston TX
All appointment times have been filled for this week. Please call Monday to schedule your windshield repair.
RT : Just so I understand rules: W can use a flag-draped body from 911 in his ads, but Obama can't mention that he got bin Laden?
did I say I would never join Twitter or something??
who u going in on lol....
Happy Mothers Day to my mother & to all wonderful mothers <3
what danny don't know don't hurt em...
you'll be alright, no one can hurt you now.
Most popular "going Bald" auctions ebay
Dentist: Doing anything fun this summer? Me: Agggrraaaagggraararaggaaa
I can help
If Zombies did in fact exist, most of the people at your school would be safe.
Nyan cat is trying to promote itself again with new ideas... No just stop
I cant stop playing family feud on the ipad
I'm visiting! I want to connect you with a friend of mine whos a rising sophomore. I think you'd be a good fit to mentor!!
Looks like we're not going to get a KU-MU matchup for the Big 12 championship. Very disappointing.
Hanging out on the back deck this evening, just finished dinner. Watching Boise/VA Tech on ESPN.
Sounds mighty good Joe!
I hate my bus....with a burning passion...
if we can do nothing else, let's empower the peaceful by watching them stand for what we know in our hearts we all need
Love the discussions on #finecraft! Thanks 2
Si. Last night. Five iPads. Five people. The #target five.
OK. But December was really grim... speaking of, if you want a weekly dose of home, check out Grimm
I Can Never Do My Nails Without One Of Em Gettin Fucked Up !
10 minutes in and out of the path lab, and early to work. Way to be better than Quest, UMMC.
*they come to your room* Mom:this is the doctor *Austin walks in and your mom leaves you alone* A:Where Dose It Hurt? ;] -
That's great. He is making great progress it sounds like. Glee was alright for me. Curious to hear what you think about it. :D
What's up all you tweeters
coming to your studio this morning. Getting the nickel tour. You gonna be there?
I do love firebug. and a couple other plug ins but its buggy
miss u too see you Mayfest 2k12!!
- long time! You must tell me the most interesting radio controlled plane you have built lately!
def head over to elephant and castle in London then. It has both
“Keep on praying for faith, it is through prayer that you develop all your wonderful qualities of soul. -Myrtle Fillmore”
Or Aaron loves Angela?
not that expensive but when you factor in parking, food, drinks, and stuff it add up. I would pay 3x that to go back to GB.
Having a boy who likes you in french class is great when the snack lady comes around.
Congratulations to for great turnout at Moore today for the kickoff
Oh Ryan Gosling, you sexy man youu <U+E402>
umm I checked twitter and FB an now I'm thinking of getting out of bed
Our thoughts reach out to those who lost loved ones on 9/11. We are praying for you. God blessed America
I woke up this morning to - yo raps and Coney island
I wish I was hanging out with my friends right now...
#Flyers have a smooth road to the Eastern Conference Finals. NJ or FLA in round 2.
No... because you know what you're picturing otherwise. And it's even worse.
Hmm... never thought about that. Perhaps there's no publisher agreement?
So done with school :p
So happy to se big daddy berk finally get a ring. Long time stud of my fantasy baseball team.
": South SF has been selected as the recipient of a KaBOOM! Community Build playground project, to be constructed at Orange Park."
A beautiful, powerful night of theatre.
Red Lobster with my mommy!! :))
wow I didn't know you could play that is neat!
Its impossible to be in a bad mood when your listening to Taylor Swift!
Yes, definitely! Didn't realize you were there! sorry I missed you.
sorry I couldn't be there to hear the talk. Definitely interested in hear more.
The biggest social media opportunity your brand is missing
Not this year baby. RT Michigan State had advanced to the Final Four every season they were a #1 seed.
Moving from Hello Nasty to Ill Communication here in a sec.
WOW ...UT College Republican President tweets RT My president is black, he snorts a lot of crack. Holla.
Wow. Only 5 minutes at #Transmediale and I've already been condescended to twice. This must be some kind of record.
My Hannah makes me happy. I mean sometimes its hard to hang but we got a discounted meal so whatevs!
RT if you're a mama's girl!! i know i am lol
Thank you Sir. Have a good weekend!
The Basics class w/ Katie & loved it! Dripping sweat by the end, definitely addicting! Do u have a fav class?
Works for me. I knew you'd be amped. I'd love to see "Helmet" even if it is just Page Hamilton and some hired guns.
Bout to wash these dishes and hop my ass on this treadmill
Sleepin on a couch past 5 months is weak af
when people know how to push your buttons & that's exactly what they do <<
Read that last post. IT is the last straw. We are OUT of there! Bring our troops and their gas home!
But seriously. Craig lange (issac from the love boats brother) taught me how to dj.
Work starts at 10. Legend of Korra starts at 11. So. Upset.
Massive St. Pattie's Show....Saturday...Waiting Room....ALL AGES!...$3 Green Beer.. Lets drink Omaha.
MAKE SURE THAT U GET www.itunes.com search Doin It Bad.
lol Monty Python not helping?
wat u mad for man txt me brittany
End of long 5 day trip - excited to be headed home to Colorado!
Well great.
iktr I'm bout to get mine all cut off n colored
Have you ever thought of doing your pregame ritual with powdered sugar? Im pretty sure talc doesn't taste as good.
nothing much just working, trying to get to this $$!! How everybody doing? How long are u going to be down there??
This is definitely, the happiest I've ever been in my LIFE!!!
It was so fun having the #banjoapp in Vegas! Incredibly efficient!
me too! i dont want it to be a settle red though, but not bright red, somewhere in between haha
Biggest penalty kill of the year coming up.
So go easy on me.
where is #WHENINNY? :)
RT : Starting work on the new album this week. Thank you so much to for letting us borrow gear.
Just saw someone trying to jumpstart there car with a riding lawn mower
we chillin this week? Wednesday I'm free
Can't wait for our Splitsville #bowling event - SOLD OUT - If you RSVP'd we'll see you there!
are u bein sarcastic?
So many cool stuff happening this year&&we cant even go :/
Happy Healthy New Year: users clock 29155 mins or 486 hours of online yoga in the first week of 2012!
RT from Iran proxy addresses being blocked almost immediately - they need more!
Continuing my quiet wish that you stay in Education...
#c2css12 Give oral feedback on student papers. Let them hear your voice!
See me, I dont have 2 dress Hoish 2 get attention. Dats why I hang wit da crew I have now
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions Small people always do that but the really great make U feel that U too can become great
i hate this current state of mind. :l
Seahawks! Arghhh! Still had a good time with
D.C. today and tomorrow. Jersey and NYC till Friday.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Open for dinner 5-7pm. The meatloaf special is selling like hotcakes!
it be really cool if everyone in the world voted for ! it would for sure make chuck norris smile!..haha
Watching tv
send to thanks
It's kind of a weird animal, not widely used yet - but cool for breaking/developing news I guess
CONGRATS I LOVE MY WILDCATS!
When I get mad at my boyfriend, I don't yell at him anymore, all I do is shake my fist and yell, "MCFALL!!!".
Ack! Universal's live feed is down!
Great workshops @ the WA State #Mentors Conference - helpful #fundraising strategies by from !
did you do the thingy ??
I almost didn't. Don't even remember talking 2 other 4. So great 2 meet u! Love y'alls sense of humor!
watch Dance Moms: Miami.
Will ours work? We've got two
Why is my teacher such a bitch...
had last night off = Tube of fig newtons AND Oreos. I raise you gas and a processed food hangover sir.
Haters gonna hate.
no problem..we'll do it some other time
I hate seeing this disgusting shit when I come home .
We're not afraid of the heat - come on down to 12-1:30p and check out the sizzling WIckerbach!
Great night with my friends. Much needed
more accurately maybe is aside not looking past yourself, some have trouble seeing the individual rather than the stereotype.
ha my mom bust it out sometimes too! Funny Stuff...
talking to my frans & I said well I wont have to buy make-up cuz I dnt wear it and my friend told me yea but ur going to have to , really?
Bruce Irvin may be the best LB drafted by Seattle since Brian Bosworth.
Any #isedchat friends headed to #ISACS2012 in November? We are there presenting all day Nov 9!
HOSEA is out, they are gonna break up the couple!! BKLYN, NY waddup!!
How great would baseball be if the only stats kept were wins and losses.
So, anyone have handy a link to post on how Instagram is good (despite faded colors) b/c it refocused attention on the art of composition?
So bored
Walker finding links betw Pratt's paper & Alexander's book The New Jim Crow - construction of racial caste system
Do I have Any London followers ? If your out there I have a question I need answered so let me know : )<U+03A8>
My Day Fry Day.
ill bring the ruffies;)
Just completed Level 1 - Day 1 of Gorilla Workout
Thanks for the #FF love! Have a great weekend!
I have seen a lot of crazy people in SF, but I think I am just saw the craziest one yet...
It's got a yoga studio, it has to be good RT : If it's good let know. He's always scouting out coffee places
yeah, that may be a little too company town.
Just said I was going 2 punch N the face over a Chris Brown ramp. TOTALLY DIDNT MEAN IT THAT WAY! Let the cranky phone calls bgin
Shabbat Shalom Everyone !!
Sadly has been diagnosed w/ stage 1 probate cancer.
How'd you do that one you just posted with your name?
End of the first quarter. 3-0 for the
thanks I'm pretty excited!:)
Pirate game with my fellow minajjsss
Welcome to the Gutta where the lights dim, pu**y boy me no like them
aw haah its ok because its not the first thing i see but its right in front of my ihome so i do see him quite often lmao
A Queen is the front-man for Queen
I dont wanna be at work right now.
Charity Partner spotlight: hope for Heather Foundation supports young women living with breast cancer. Heather Taylor was 26 when she died.
you're the reason why i wake up in the morning <3 LOL JK i have school
could you send me a link to his instagram?
Not enough sugar in my coffee. I wouldn't even be drinking this if it wasn't for you, Gorgeous Iowa State Guy. I blame you.
Taking the time to properly set up your bass pays off,you might NOT need a new bass after all.If you can,t do it yourself seek a pro luthier
Do you like Lance Long to make an impact tomorrow?
LOL!! RT : One should NEVER sweat out Jameson intentionally. You sir, are evil.
Preferences are negotiable. Convictions are non-negotiable. -Tony Hill, 2-time Super Bowl champion with Cowboys.
Metta...Queen's Bridge
Live Love Laugh STUDY
Time magazine cover yeah - remember the National Geographic thing. What was that 1940's? U f*****g people ARE PATHETIC.
Mastering a couple live singles for Joey Stuckey today. Various client website updates today to.
Great work on Raising Hope tonight. Keep on keepin' on!
Happy Monday morning! I hope you had a great weekend off! What did you do?
Nice day out, need to take advantage
The matrix is getting interesting!
And she acts like a celebrity… dude please!
Just found Foucault's Power/Knowledge in the religion section of this book store...
Niggas is childish #RealShit I see why they fuck with bitches younger than them...
Thx Kathy for sharing.
Niall will notice you don't worry and im stupid as hell what are you talking about XD
Lol searched erryone but me, I wish they would have!
Anyone else do this? #retro or no? MT : postal worker called me "old school" for wrapping package in brown paper...
good one but it's So Lebron Ah
Dammit! And I make such good cornbread, too.
The extreme zoom on Kobe made me laugh
Thanks for the #FF love. Have a great weekend!
I can understand that. I use Readability because most sites just do a terrible job of making their content easy to read.
Artists whose work was selected for #SpiritandPlace show, Unclothed: Exposing the Art Nude, being notified today. Show opens Nov. 11.
I know, I know, it's bad. Will be looking to upload a format that is easier to update. Promise a major overhaul soon.
I know. Shameful
RT : RT : We want to hear from you! Share your #smallbiz story with us by entering the #SBW2012 video contest:...
The key to happiness=having a profound level of self awareness.
Margaret Mead "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. It's the only thing that ever has."
I don't get how the pirates strike out so fucking much. You're in the majors for a reason, show me why, hit the ball.
Literally exhausted from entering in 28 pages of a manual order with another 28 to go tomorrow. So this is what cube life does to me :(
Sleeping when you're sick is the worst! And theres so much thunder outside. I think I was listening to the wrong H Hayes song.
The only reason I wear pants or shorts in public is because it's frowned upon not to.
Eduardo Saverin wears too much The North Face. If you haven't lived in Boston, then you really don't know.
Done talking about the Heat. Great win by the Pacers. Good to see they can win one on the road in a big game.
The idea that Romney should be paying more taxes assumes that the government should have that $, and that all taxes shouldn't be lower.
made my whole night !!
RT : New chefs for Mint & Bonvenu.Travis Milton, formerly of Parkside, joins team at Mint, open Monday.
The reality is that we were bottling cocktails before Mr. M. At least that was my understanding when he was here last.
ARTOMATIC opens tomorrow! I had a sneak peek yesterday while on my shift. 9 amazing floors of art! Find me on floor 3 by the tattoo parlor!
no doubt
Not planning on cuffing a girl i cant see myself with in the future
If the effort that went in research on the female bosom had gone into our space program, we would now be running hot-dog stands on the moon.
Good morning everyone btw
LA traffic reminds me of 28 Days Later. Not the zombie aspect, but because 28 Days Later I reach my destination 2 miles away.
You Rock! See you in Vegas ;-) Love what you're up to www.seeyourvisionart.com Check out www.CCOR.tv
RT : Congrats to the #USMNT on an epic win. Proud of Do work against Panama, boys!
I may be reading during baseball tailgate like a nerd, but at least I'm not stuck in the house grading
it's seriously the worst.
I have been watching OWN and I am really digging what Oprah is doing with her network. Check it out and let me know what u think
It's me birthday~~~ 50!
If one comes, I hope you continue to live-tweet your experience. #StaySafe RT : Standing by No tornadoes yet…
Who are you most excited to see at #BuzzBeachBall2012 June 2? Foster the People? The Shins? Sublime w/ Rome? Flogging Molly?
love you!!
The panel has concluded.
Congrats to you & Executive Sous Chef Bill Crouse who was selected for the Buy Local Cookout hosted by Gov O'Malley!
how is it that you two always manage to attract creepers
Hopkins launches beta today
no! I gotta watch that!
lmaoo kinda ! Aha.
thanks so much for coming Ali, it really means a lot. Hope to see you at a show soon! -Peter
Night Twitter.!
oh Steveth how we miss you. We shall be back soon with no promises of being the amazing rockstars we were again
Excellent choice! - The B Side RT : playing fireburn in my class
Watch tv. Play fifa. Or take a nap. Im really stressing out about this decision.
also when the steelers win sly will foloow one of you. GO STEELERS GO. hope to talk during the game but not sure
yes very sad...but many as you say would prob.be nice as well, but ...you don't want to deal w/ other if sick sometimes.
Christopher Paul Curtis is the BEST! He confirmed that the poem "Ballad of Birmingham" was what had him set Watsons there instead of Florida
My mom is so funny with her iphone lol
this is exactly what I didn't want to happen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
im feeling thrown in this bitch
I've been meaning to go to a game. But seeing the women play at RFK "back in the day" was amazing.
the trick is to laugh at yourself before anybody else does. That's how I've gotten rid of the fear of embarrassment :)
forgot to add
Theres no way im sleeping tonight
u remember the movie "Outbreak"? WWOD?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GIVE US BACK 'WORSTS' --it truly is your gift to mankind. You're leaving us unarmed in this cruel world
Next week! Colorado Legislature!
WHEEK WHEEK! RT : We are officially starting the 1st annual #BlogPawty!!! *dances around in a circle*
Boots FlashMob tonite at 6pm @ 9th & F St. (behind Portrait Gallery). Call time is 5:45pm in front of Spy Museum!
DJ El Toro () on right now...listen up, people!
Oh my gosh, did you take that pic - in all of my days living in AZ - I never got a shot like that... thx for sharing :D
Tulsa killed my diet. I have never eaten so much junk food in my life.
Nice recovery 4 miles in Cheviot Hills to start the day. Not counting Fri's 100 yd dash, I have 2 more easy runs before my race
I knew u wld say dat Ur bitter cause weed giving dat pussy a run 4 its $ may b u should put it n smoking form & bag it
As of 7:00am we are open for business and there is no rain . About 400 sellers are here and are ready to bargain!
On today at 10am, hear OHC Asst Dir David Pettyjohn talk about nominations for the 2012 Oklahoma Humanities Awards.
Wicked Tickets Go on Sale in #SanDiego - I saw it in San Francisco...fabulous!
Wouldn't be holy week without my cadbury eggs
hi sweets! Great to see ya! We had on #mediachat and it was awesome!
no you have them call me. 202 246 2353. they're the ones who wanna talk to me...
for sure, thanks again for the free music!
PickUpLine: Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Don't leave us!
hahahahaha!!! there is something in our attic also, how weird is that!
I love it, but the appropriateness of my sense of humor is questionable at best.
Me: Kids, what day is it today? Them: Star Wars Day! Me: Why? Them: May the 4th be with you!! -- I win.
RT : So thankful that is my Governor.
yes (so far)
I can not wait to see the concert! ;)
my brother is getting me fucking tight like really dont get all up on my friends like that
At the ortho!
hening .. O.o
“: Loving the weather right now #thunderstormsarethebest” Doing Laundry?
what's the difference between bribes and campaign cob
BE COMFORTABLE IN YOUR OWN SKIN EVRYONE IS BEAUTIFUL
Except with much less hair.
New surroundings
Good luck in the semis this week
you go boy
Happy birthday to us....Happy birthday to us...#Kforce is 50 today! Happy b-day to our fellow Kforce offices!
Yeah I definitely agree!
really really really doesn't want to write her statement of purpose. She has no idea what to talk a bout. Ideas?
Pulling for Green Bay/Aaron Rodgers now - enough of the Brett Favre stuff. How many Super Bowls did Favre win again?
we can't wait Tasia!
Missing my baby boy.
#poziam You act as if sex is the only factor... What about IV drug users?
All of those things sound lovely. Have a great day!
For some reason, the chips and salsa at are REALLY good today! :)
Happy Birthday! Thanks for a great season!
And yet the political scientist in me says that corporate interests can't be ignored for long ...
ok- u r ok! Thats all. xxoo
i'm sick of the sleepless, never ending nights. I just don't car who's wrong or right... #SickOfYou by
go fist your self
A tweet so nice you sent it twice
DONE!! Follow me back??
Whitman, Price and Haddad! RT : Let Rockstar Games make the Running Man game.
Welcome new folks Hope you like the film
What's the probability of me getting head if I flip a coin?
Plant Manager position in TEXAS $120-140k + bonus
Say a good prayer before I go in this building today
John and I are obsessed w/ ours! It's the best. RT : Really loving apple tv. So easy to use
magic! Yes, red..where can I find a purple one?
I got Ohio myself DB. The troubling thing is I haven't seen anyone on Temple but I haven't gone looking to hard either.
hahah thank you!
"god will not send you into a battle you aren't equipped to fight, as yourself" - wisdom from
i love reading the five to drive blog, it's just amazing.
#oomf swear I look like Trey Songz....I don't. lol
Unless someone is paying attention & acting on your metrics they are just numbers!
NO! you cant do your hair flip anymore </3 im sad.
Damn I just got sleepy out of nowhere
Baltimore Internet Marketing Agency Becomes Newest Certified AdWords Partner
Tom Barrett is leading with 53% of the vote over Kathleen Falk with 39% with just about 5% of precincts reporting.
We need your music! main focus is to be a free outlet for undiscovered artists and their music so email
ah yeah, I love video
I knew keeps track of profiles I visit often, just check out the new "Close friends" feature. Would love more analytics like this.
u hit that hoe
that's right c: I don't.
Chuck E cheese : (
Now hiring promoters...dm for details!
...Our school has enough money for IPads but not enpugh money for something half-way decent for lunch?
Apple announcements: the bigger the hype, the less they changed.
Right? They dont even ship things to logical stops. I tracked a package from Dallas to ABQ that went to Denver first.
Apologies for the suggestions you need to lose weight or gain inches lately...
I know at least you still communicate, I love you stay bless
>I can sneak you in- :D
ok I'm done, :) follow me on this account
I'm about to go and sit outside and just sit there I got Alto on my mind
"Know the official post office abbreviations for all 50 states without having to consult a list."
"1 year subscription of Newsweek! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> It's good to be informed!"
In Gig Harbor! Leaving At 5:00am Tomorrow For Cali! Getting All My Girls Presents:) HMU! I'll Be Posting Pictures! :)
I hate skl I hate teachers I hate stupid people that choose to teach but hate and refuse to teach so they fail every1
U can tell I'm from Jersey I eat my subs with chips :).
We actually bought some of the chalk board spray paint. Great minds think alike!
Late night General Tso booty call.
he sprained a knee ligament. Not too serious compared to Achilles tear
I need to learn flash photography and now!!! any good tips are welcome!
Speaking of , why does it have problems with Chrome? Has anyone else seen this?
My Man..Frank Lucas voice...lol
why don't you 2 go get a room! #booyahijustsaidthat & should of heard what she was saying bout u last night
"Vision without Execution is Hallucination!"
that's true I forgot you have, still should be a good show though
which soccer teams did you have in mind?
CEO Kathleen Feely "The big difference of Casebook is that is uses person as object, and family relationships are the center."
If someone is sending you mixed signals it's because you're not the only 1 in the mix. Do better!
Did your ice cream truck driver wear pants?
when a close friend posts something about trust -_____-
Maryland what up!
this was alluded to by at #androidopen today. That design is about being true to the soul of the product.
"Sent in error". Sure. That's why their support site had an entire FAQ on it. Liars.
lol you got it right. I drew it on DrawSomething. Add me, TDGofficial, if you play it too
Towson will have a larger crowd tonight then at Byrd stadium. So much for edsall putting people in the seats....
Be careful driving down to Wildflower. 3 people got tickets on the drive down today.
Why is EVERYTHING broken today? Woke up late bc of power outlets that died, Eyetracker isn't working, my login at work stopped working. Ugh.
im on it!
Listening to the new Andrew Bird for the first time
Sipping a Pegu Club cocktail: 2 gin ,1 lime juice, 3/4 Cointreau, 1 dash Angostura & Fee's orange bitters. (Pain relief for snow shoveling.)
In french tomorrow is #GYHAB Music video but in American is tonight! - xo Demi.
Ok we can wait :)
I want it so bad
15 minutes until the webinar begins with and ! Feel free to use #ContentQs for all questions
when is the next big conference in the Atl
First tickets sold of AN APOLOGY!
Renear: how can a byte stream have a modification date without being a different stream? #kodm #heraclitus?
For a limited time, Newbury BerryLine has Passion Fruit flavor! We also have Nutella, Oreo-Peppermint, Maple-Almond and Original.
WE THANK YE...YOU DO KNOW WHERE IT CAME FROM, RIGHT?...T/F/S...
RT : So if we're going to make it up, why even call it "news"... >>>Hm.... I don't know why. Why not call it "An Opinion?"
Im not hard to miss!
good luck guys!
Sorry, my last tweet sounds closer to home than it actually is. Bear spawned live music taping culture as I know it. Not a personal friend!
Excited--Heather Sharfeddin's newest book is out. Go Windless Summer!
via - Bitter Democrats Claiming To Be Undecided Just To Watch Obama Sweat
Behind your image, below your words, above your thoughts, the silence of another world waits. ~John O'Donohue via RT
ice skating with the best friend, shelby :))
If the group I got added to is any indication, Facebook now caters to the 40 to 55 demographic. Weird.
you will love it..i worked really hard on that movie
The Packers got knocked out of the playoffs by the Superbowl Champions!
Stay posted for an upcoming improv jam this Sunday!
Did everyone just wreck?
Thank you for the #FF mention!
can you tell me who I need to contact at the CJ to have the station listed since we plan to broadcast the Bullitt east regionals?
Trust me, it was never perfection. Anything involving you is never perfection.
Might be on youtube. I had the 12 inch
10B: PEOPLE TO PEOPLE; HEART & SOUL; ADELANTE CHICAGO
you got me calling her mole!!
I cannot see any way in which NBC continues to give these shows chances. Network TV is a business, after all.
Alas, is having Twitter issues.
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
yup!! Come say hi!!
This is an awesome picture!
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
Governmental mandates cause separation and national division
OH.MAI.GASH.
I really want to see a video of covering "Have a Holly Jolly Christmas." I always think of him when I hear it.
What happened?
"It'sThatTasteful" just made me shoot boiling hot chicken bouillon out my nose! ROFL A barge?
Back in Memphis. Missing Dallas an Fayetteville
Scared to show your face? LOL
you have my prayers! Text me if you need anything while you are here! 9132085566! Hugs!
Thanks Seth! I'm technologically challenged! Just followed you! Check out my tweet on my new police brutality case. I rep a sergeant
Jennifer Love Hewitt Keeps Not One, But Two Winter Trends Alive! Looks like Jennifer Love Hewitt is entering 2012 with some seriously sty
& should produce a film adaptation of the book Irma Voth. Could be a masterpiece. Quizás.
Staying super focused is the only way during the buiding stages. I miss you tweeps!!!
yes defff call first. Don't want to interrupt them watching tv and smoking
hey Alex! You'd really make my day if you dmed me! :] <33
Made a paper airplane today. Thank you training week.
trying to get this project done
I hate it when you and your ex break up and then he acts like he doesn't care and then tries to get back together with you when you have som
my lord!!
how is it u want men to acknowledge u...not in a derogatory manner--yet you're wearing a glorified glam diaper...underwear?
Breakfast Burrito and an Arizona. Sounds good to me
I want you to play basketball, too. More specifically, at the RG, with the and against other teams.
"When everything feels like the movies - Yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive." ::goo goo dolls::iris::
Everyone keep and her family in your prayers today!
IN DA STUDIO WITH! I LOVE THEM!
thank you so much!
and that only! Haha I get you
Great night thanks to all who came out, killed!
Yeahh haha and with all the new friends I've met I'll have to start all over 'cause they'll act like they don't know me.
NINE! NINE! TWO THOUSAND AND NINE! I am going to bed.
Happy Birthday to today! I hope you have a wonderful birthday!
Now that is a second effort! Nice run after the catch Mr Gaffney.
really again?!? First I thought she blew on her song and she is just nasty to poor tony! Down with xtina!
I thought april came after may.
dedicating my first hash-tag tweet to
Most likely <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
nice picture lol
I also picked him against so a thanks may be in order on Sunday.
great job today as usual sir! SRO ;) thx for hug IRL too! -CV
Almost wrapping up party at Luckys #Dynamo #Party Next Hudson
New Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers website: www.JohnnyLive.com
yes omg yu have no idea.
Like my new background? BTR crosses The Beatles
Cleanin up my act little by little
Hey Mr. Bond...thx for the 5. Where in Houston are you?
U.S. #NationalGrid Training in NYC with instructors from Delta State Univ.
I hope that someone discovers oil sands in massachusetts
I did not!
Heading to my 5th game tomorrow. No better deal in DC!
Thank you so much!!!
I&#39;m gone praise my way thru this! Yet will I trust him!
No but I will now! I was able to order with IE (I know, I was surprised too!), didn't work in Chrome or FF. thanks!
Born to be somebody!
Two weeks away from the election! How are you following it?
Holy crap i just realized it 5am :O
I watched my kiddo's play last night, sadly they weren't very clean and didn't make it to finals
never worked out before. So far I hate ha but I'm gonna try and stick to it
My giant pink post-it for Shared Authority: That orgs realize good ideas can come from anywhere & anyone.
My boyfriend is amazing and set an alarm to wake up at 530 to send me a good morning text <3
There is some hot trade up in the DMV
oomf needs to start talking....
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health. Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that.<3 HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
#nowplaying - Dear God.
I forgot to text you last night, (wed), I am so glad you got a nap, but MAN we missed you!! One day soon we will catch up!
NETFLIX ON MY PHONE!!!!
This weather makes me want to go back home and curl up in bed
Oh my God, this boy literally has his pants belted UNDER the cuff of his azz!!! Why are his boys allowing this?
we still gon b here for a few more days, but at least he doin better faster den dey thought
We're doing great! Stay posted for some exciting announcements in the next few days!
#OnlyAtHirschi is to accurate!
Graduate School is a Means to a Job via Know what you want, work toward it, be active.
Great. Look forward to it.
even though i didnt admit it today always makes me feel better when i'm sad... i luv tht girl :D
You got that nasty bounce RT : bounce little kitty <U+E04F>
JONATICS TILL THE WORLD ENDS
cool. Do they have twitter or any way I can contact them?
Yeah looks like there are only a couple of Cameron Crazies that showed up.
I hate it when ppl don't talk to me until they want something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
aw thank youu! :)
Is there a way to trigger tasks so they start upon completion of a different task?
oh absolutely
I'm just being petty and want someone to buy it for me, or cook haha
did Arod say something to Cabrera after that last hit?
It IS a neat little place!
if they're losing air...or if when you turn they start sliding or slipping
Words 2live by. RT : from Tw bio: “Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.” B. Franklin
When your parents are in town and start talking to their friends -___- and your just standing there like Do You Have A Hot Son/Daughter ?
because they think its cool (lies!)but true you have a point. Lord blessed us with a heart right? So why not prove u hav one?
Well, you have to figure some jackwagon would figure out how to spam on Twitter, right?!
Taupe with a glitter coat. <3
I feel so bad for everyone who doesn't have an iphone..
can any of you guys break dance? Lets see!!-Diana June 2 , section 110, Row BB Seat 18
After the game, the king and the pawn go in the same box
Where is the sun?
how does wed work? Xx
Hahahaha! Is your neighbor approximately 57 years old? Who blasts Simply Folk?
#NP n Drake "No lie" TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!
GO PATRIOTS! fuck u giants
It's 1thing to admit u did stupid things as a youth & to realize it was stupid. It's another 2 laugh about them as adult. Shame on u Romney
Everyone is in a relationship but me. But me.
I hate girls
OOH OOH! It's free Thursday at !
I define p0rn books as Penthouse Letters--i.e. an absence of story outside of the sex.
about time! What kind is it??
4 and a half....ugh. Ive been laying here for over an hour. JUST LET ME FALL ASLEEP ALREADY!
its ok to dream big but please follow them if not its in vain!!!!!!
..good cause for concern ... JM is a Chevy guy
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was So lost.
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron Big Pun. Oh wait. He's not a player, he just crushes. A lot.
i got a cell phone now
This is walkin wit 2 cups in here hand like she at an hotel...
I watched it! & aw. I think it's soo good! :) I loved it <3
Thanks boo (;
The kingdom of God is within you.- Luke 17:21
the only one worth following
Ironically, I seem to usually use it when I don't care what the heck someone is talking about.
Coal miner kid made me cry :( He needs another chance.
Rémoulade: Classic French sauce made by combining mayonnaise with mustard, capers & chopped gherkins, herbs and anchovies.
you ready to die? Lol
and even on websites formatted for mobile! When I first discovered that my mind boggled. Any theories?
I donated to St. Jude's last Christmas. This year, they spent the entire donation mailing me photos of bald kids and asking for more money
Am I the only one to just now learn that not only is Fuel still a band, but they're also on tour?
i left my phone in my room, and i swear if i dont have a text by the time i get back.. i will be
I'll definitely order and buy it if Rachel is going to do a book tour here in #Tampa so I can get her autograph!
Good question. Hope to have an answer soon.
Me: Ah, my hair is actually straight today! Rain: LOL, no it's not.
I do what I can! =) Your going to make your own music app? Sounds interesting! Some new twist?
lets beat that nigga ass
Can some one please tell me why I just got all dressed up at 2:15 in the morning with absolutely no were to go :|
Check out Passport to the Arts
It's the first Tuesday in May, but not Election Day. IN's primary election is held on the first Tues. AFTER the first Mon. in May or 5/8/12.
Also in the forthcoming second edition: an essay on "Time" by Valerie Rohy of the University of Vermont's English department.
Hooray for ALA Think Tank and new Twitter friends!
Lol...When you coming to fuck wit me?
I'm waiting for your friend Jon to tell me where Los Angeles, Japan is.
You're very welcome!
enjoy yourself!
you knucklehead!!
Glad to get on board. Thanks for the shout out.
Left school early! #HeckYes!
We could get the marble fun started early, by spreading them out on the ground just after last call.
trailer is looking great, are you as excited as I am...Way to go...great work on screen.
THINK THIN bars are Cartesian.
Does confirm that sandusky's legal fees are not being paid
The former. I'm on immunosuppressants for life now.
It’s #LunchTime, what are you eating? Build a better salad by choosing romaine over bib lettuce, which adds a hint of vitamin A.
That would be more stark trek episodes than exist...
I need to follow more people in different time zones..
Fanfiction...The therapy that the Lord created for disgruntled viewers.
I swear, it was so unhealthy. haha
Living here makes me feel like everything in my life is an actual movie
Must mean im German, still having fun though.
Try living in the area - coverage's starts at 7 AM and goes until about 8 PM
Lmao it was mad real last night RT : oh I would've been all on the bikes lol
Someone took a risk to leak the positive test to the media. why did they take that risk? We know someone took that risk.
where is everyone watching the Saints play tonight? Are you still excited eventhough the starters are not playing?
LONG TIME COMIN I CAN FEEL IT...
See. Just like that
Im Gonna Make A Beat Called "Nicotine" Since Im Like Wanting A Cigarette So Bad Right Now..lol My Bugler's Is At The House Smh Dammit lol
Men will be men and Girls just wanna have fun!!!
I hate this episode of jessie so bad omg
follow me back, #mahomie? :)
ahh ok yea David fincher is an amazing director. What movies r u looking forward to this yr?
To the Chilean librarians. What an amazing rescue.
Okay. Good to know it was just that one site. The demo looked really promising.
#ARMA112943 on metadata relities best session yet. Make sure to review it online when available.
Thank you for following
I couldn't agree more.
thanks! we agree.
What's the water for?
BITCH your idol is nothing compared to mine .
#edusaforum what are US HEIs doing to improve Int'l student experience in US? Improve housing options. get involved in volunteering
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Ready Ta Go Home...Dats For Sho
Only 5 days left to order your Christmas desserts!
Thanks man.
But seriously though, this sucks.
Tell us how you really feel...lol RT : Jerry Falwell was a fuck, a total loser fuck.
com — New York Times readers found an unpleasant surprise on page A11 on Thursday
#ImAStanBecause even at 39, eminem is still killing it.
Egads! I need to try, thanks!
Come on twitter friends lets make a car that runs on water and pee. Gas price problem solved
Thwre is a 60% chancw that it's already raining
We are alive and ready to enjoy #SheHeChat!
noo clue lol do u know when u'll be there? I wanna make sure I see u guys.
In the office at FLF. Just had my first staff meeting.
I really dont wanna be here right now
I'm coining a new word-- fauxclusivity: ritualized velvet-roping simply to suggest that a product/service is special; see Pinterest.
IU just can't seem to get rid of me. Two years after graduating, I just signed up for another course :)
This account is fucking embarrassing I'm taking over.
So true. Welcome home.
...and the the fact the "HE SCOTT FREAKIN DIAMOND" a Rule 5, A guy with 1 career MLB win! Dude, he's not Verlander yet! :)
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else.
Fast car is now playing at the bowling alley
Interview at 11 Friday
i wont trust me(; nd he has a small wee wee!
I love the song we are young with a burning passion!!
I want chocolate!!!
You're so dumb. LOL ;D
Now they're counting to 49. What's with all the random numbers?
Motley Cru on the iPod? Must have been one of those late-night, wine-induced download sessions.
Hmm... Yes it does! #postworkouthungrytweet RT : The $10.95 Steak Dinner Sounds pretty amazing tonight!
RT : No enrollment for anyone on #CHIchat today. You heard it from Mention #CHIchat and join FFC today!
Surburds is better than the city. More peace
Hope had a good day in SA, y'all come back now, ya hear!...seriously hope someday you visit Austin & LET ME KNOW. haha
omg Alex finally followed me :D but still nothing from Robert ;b
That was happenin'...I'm going to have to check out more of him!
You can pretend all you want but what is rewarded is the tangible manifestation of your work.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ZACH.<3
Both finals done. Final papers done. College done. Now that wasn't so hard.
Feeling creative
Omfg I dont know if its how I'm standing, or my new face mask but I can't hit..
so much going on in our lives today, the "unwillingness to work" doesn't appear applicable. If anything, we work way too much.
Happy Holidays!
Being fake is NOT cute. Be true to you! That's all that matters.
Thank you to everyone who joined my classes here in Singapore, thanks to Jo for organizing and True Yoga for hosting me!!!
hes never gonna come to Boston though:(
UPDATE: We are currently set on dog food, both canned and dry. Thank you to everyone that has provided supplies!
i dont see it D: poo!
I hate being by myself , I start thinking to much shit >_<
: Just trying not to get sick between stresses: gs, church, work(not bad), fam, the norm.
Having 2 dogs, 1 for a pet and the other one for dinner
E I. CAN'T. WAIT!!! I miss your face and can't wait to play!
#BieberFact Niall from One Direction screamed when Justin Bieber followed him. RT if you're gonna scream too when he'll follow you. <U+2665>
i dont even think i can do this. smh
i think your so pretty i wish you would follow me
what wit the awwhss?!
Thanks Rick. Great site BTW
thanks for RT Amy!
MAN!!! It's beautiful out!!! I wanna go bike riding along the west side and Battery Park.
The heat are havin a bad game
Nice! George Perez, a GREAT #Avengers artist.
"At the center of our moral life are the great stories of those who have said no." - Susan Sontag -
I remember I cried when I saw Veil of Maya. Then I passed out from dehydration then awoke shortly and started dropping bodies.
I'm sorry ... I'm lot exactly
We're sold out. Thanks to everyone that stopped by! Enjoy your weekend. We'll be out here tomorrow.
love how Stevie keeps up with his cats. The home of Stevie getting lose. #weareuk #bbn #chasing8 UK
follow back??
that's all you!
i bet she was shamelessly shoving food samples in her mouth, am i right?
I can't believe ManU is going to win the EPL. Choke of epic proportions by Man City.
My luck with you/ is horrific as of late. Maybe I need to visit the Fremont office again.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie .......
tomorrow fair bitch i cant wait!!!!!!
#GIANTS Superbowl champions!!!
Tooniiiiiiiighhhhhhtttt! We are young. So we set the world on fire! We can go brighter!
Hi : Found you through Another LevelTen person. I've seen some of their Web design work. Sharp.
Or as sad.
YAY!!! Can't wait to have a big old piece! I know it's gonna be delish!!!
I'll be there! Halfway through the book & it's great MT Come listen to me talk about energy at Boston Skeptics in the Pub April 2
No you didn't! It wasn't the whole thing!!! Lol. And you didn't like it on Instagram.
Excellent point ;)
I can't wait until I'm skinny and have really long hair.
you are BEAUTIFUL<3 I love you! Please follow!?(:
Serbia has second longest canyon in the world after Grand Canyon: Djerdap Gorge (Iron Gate)
": bouncing jackson on my stomach hehe hes a little chubby baby" I wanna meet him
i dont like it when people spell my name wrong...especially on facebook chat when my name is RIGHT THERE. sorry but
I really can't stand the teeth whiting people in the mall.
Just finished up at the gym
Got absolutley no hw done this weekend. Oh well #YOLO except if your a Hindu.
Haha I don't think anything will help make this night less miserable.
Btw hai twitter (: sory I haven't been on in a long time :/
Sugarland is NOW the latest to be blamed for the Indiana State Fair Tragedy.Who's next the animals in the cattle barn?havn't blamed them yet
I can't even right now.
Is this the work of Sauron or Saruman? One coffee ring to rule them all, and in the dark roast, bind them...
it's not great at all but has lot of value internationally
follow back please? Im new.
I wish I could wear hockey jerseys all year... Most comfortable shirts ever. But with temps hitting 80 time to retire em til fall.
Insightful questions here at the smarter supplier management session with and
You are awesome. Thank you for the RT
Travel Mugs Custom imprinted with your Logo. Design your Promotional Travel Mugs to fit your style and personality.
I worked last night til midnight than worked 9am today n just got home I'm shot I will be dreaming of making bloody marys and damn mimosas
gonna watch PLL at 10 because i was driving here when it played the first time:/
Even if we can't be together in the end I'm still grateful you were part of my life at one point
#ThatPastEx you can never get off your mind,no matter how bad he treated you /:
Thanks for the follow, Keri.
watching #ThePlagueDogs, and taking notes for a comparison later.
Hearing the Angels being introduced with the Darth Vader theme in the background is hilarious! Yankees..you are the Evil Empire...come on!!
thanks for the follow as well...glad our name keeps coming up!
I hope the plastic men are not large...
Good job tonight go rangers!
ant that the truth bro!!
Next year man, next year. In the meantime your boys aren't winning anything....
Have you ever thought of doing a duet with another artist? If so, who? I LOVE YOU, AMY. YOU ARE MY IDOL AND A GODDESS! <3
what you did was no worse the what John And Ken did. You just publicly vocalized your opinion about them. Rude and uncalled for
Aged cougar = pterodactyl
#stouturday ... Why have I not thought of this yet?
Amoba Records Sold out OF HOOKS C.D.S and RECORDS more comin soon!!Cheers Yall!!
will kitten mittens be on display?
Watching crazy clouds pass as I work in the Coolum, AUS library. So much to do, so little FOCUS!
If I talk about my fears, do I give Fear legs?
“: thank YOU for watching/listening!” I Listen EVERY DAY!!
crazy huh? Nvr met the guy before.. Funny we almost even wear same clothes! Lol
- You're right. Nothing beats conducting a physical survey of the door to get the right info. Leads to additonal svcs too
coming to Tennessee Feb. 17!(: I'm mad exited <3
I hate the #Dutch but Seedorf is fantastic.
follow back pls
Mason Co 32 Montgomery Co 26 at the half.
My new favorite local museum--the Musical Instrument Museum. Thank you!
Can I have a follow back?? :)
"As you exit the aircraft please be aware that it is extremely cold in Chicago. If you have a coat put it on now." Back to reality!
Good rebounding, no foul trouble, and Sammy has to shoot well
Patricia, we had a blast in LA! RT : Look like you all had so much fun! LA Tweetup!
How many places can say they are by, for and all about artists?
Wow this class is so boring:/
Your keg is magical, 102% capacity? That's my kind of keg!
#biebermemory literally making an hour long video with Bri talking about ourselves & said we were gonna send it to Justin......we never did.
Good one, Todd.
ik! :( I was too busy being "fake" I didn't realize I was loosing the corn
people who think you're pretty great! :)
he did!! Omigosh yu are so lucky!!!! Just on random??
BandSoup compilations coming soon-- what genre would you like to see covered?
Worst. Life. Ever.
On the back to NY
Congrats to Big 10 Pub A's rival Dexter's on their 26-4 win over Harmony Bar. Now tied atop the MSCR Bay League standings.
A, five rejection emails in one day, I believe that is a new record for me.
didn't even hit me up though ... -_____-
- how bout TJ Rodney and Tyler. We been battling for years. Bring Amile wit you when you come. LOL. Good luck wherever you go.
Wow, Joe Scarborough is pathetic and so are Geist, Ford, Jr., and Barnicle for going along with him. No wonder I quit watching Morning Joe.
wish my wife would tweet when she is mad. Easier than guessing.
The last 4 teams to beat Oregon all had great quarterbacks: Kellen Moore, Andrew Luck, Terrell Pryor and cam newton. LSU? Nothin.
Been dying for a new mix of that song but the original and Duke were so perfect I didn't want to mess it up! lol
if you are a cop why are you talking to me without my lawyer present?
text me. now:)
There is a lot of music being ruined tonight...but The Cult is the worst thus far.
Does he have nothing else to do? Hahaha
Stay Tuned for COOL MEET-UPS At The Spa Bar! Got A Meet Up Idea? Give us a shout and let us know about it!
#sciencedenial Keynote by Sean B Carroll; panelists wilson da silva, john hawks, robert lee hotz.
oh boy! You know how I like things, zesty. Ps: Consider the door off the hinges. #wide &
You know it! See you at Mardi Gras?
yes! I knew of you before the movie and thought that scene sounded familiar. Was that an original piece?
Hey, Seth. That's a lot of followers. You must be doing something right! Enjoy the CO winter.
wow I never see you on Twitter. How are you?
LOL, im like the store Forever 21 :)
People WHO. Not people THAT.
no they aren't.
totally agree! Did I tell you that his last twitcam when he was in Australia. He answered my question. I still remember that!
I've been clicking the follow button a lot today lol
I'm with you there!
GLOBE 6 adventures: Airline tickets
Ha no apology needed for that! We have to hang again soon!
wait a minute , she talking *walks slower* okay she's going to the office *sprints* lmaoo
On the freeway, going to seattle to pick up dad from work....yes, its 12:30am
Awesome #Bangarang last night at ...props to
That #bomthreat at the #USConsulate in #Tijuana turned out to be a false alarm say TJ authorities
#TRUE RT A lot Bitches Say They PRETTY & PAID But Neither PRETTY Nor PAID
Other than a payroll tax hike, how would you "protect" social security and Medicare, Sir?
lol.... Ok buddy
Scrolling thru stations on my drive & heard a killer mix on KISS LA. Brought back so many memories.
I hate when the DJ don't play enough rick Ross stop playing that slow shit.
i missed ur hugs (:
I love 80% of Sleigh Bells songs, and the remaining 20% I loathe. Curious.
Best wishes....
yes understand, not including you but all the rest. :)
ahh... working on a team with everyone jockying for attention from the team leader.... nice
#Cubs Castro was 2-for-2 with a RBI. I'm pretty sure this was because I wore his shirt today. Keep it up, Starlin.
could be :)
quite a game - bracket busted - congratulations
It's gonna rock :)
I am hip
": Today is my 2nd anniversary!"Congats Bethenny and pls be nice and kind to him today we love you
Anyone interested in making us some cover art? :)
Love our walkers! RT : HeyLupus, ur starting 2 weaken, more survivors have failed your plans of destruction. WE WILL DEFEAT U
If followed me, i would probably cry from being so happy! It would make me the happiest person ever! :)
call me
Realize that everyone does not have the same beliefs and opinions about controversial issues. You win some, you lose some
:) Hey,How are you?
I have my AP Government test on Tuesday and haven't even attempted to study. Should be a jolly good time.
whats up with your lions tonight?
Can't lol sorry
have to have the obligatory salad :P
why r u up SO early!
music helps me escape the reality of this shitty world
Thanks! RT : Listening to the Orchestra ,, we have some talented musicians in Cincinnati! The best out there.
Love is much more polished now but Blake has a upside...I would take Love. He really knows the game.
New season of "Storm Chasers" starts this Sunday!!! I'm so excited! I can't wait!!!
“: We opened the 2012 year with a new award for best product in Builder magazine for our EcoClad XP." congrats!
thanks Quico, this is Julio and as you know I'm loyal follower of your music and great environment you create with your mixes
...love her so much and don't know what I'd do without her. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Thanks Maria! Hey, how can I find you on Facebook? I use that way more than Twitter and I'd love to keep closer contact.
Ladies book club tonight...join us and find out what we're reading next! Upstairs in the brewhouse at 7!
You're-My-Life <U+2665>
#teenwolf fans who's ready for Teen Wolf tonight????
#oomf Got some nice, fresh taTs! lol {}
Great photos!
Our CEO just spoke at #girlscouts100 in favor of "Council Service Fee" proposal! Go, Ruth!
My oldest & best friend unexpectedly died a year ago today. We had such plans. Still seems unreal.
New York City Comptroller John C. Liu to present the Lunch Keynote Address at the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conference, Oct. 3rd. NYC.
South Falcon lost 49-61... 3rd place game is tomorrow afternoon.
im on my phone,, but im bout to check it
Don't you DARE say it's an exaggeration!
If I could create and sell a 25th hour in the day, I would be a very wealthy man.
people talk about this #deanslist, im just glad i made it on the
Aww... Thanks, it is pretty hefty. I could email yas
Family, friends, ph(f)ysical health, food, football - 5 of the 6 great F's of life. So much to be grateful for. Happy Thanksgiving..
ha I tweeted you at da same time! thats crayy! but yes I am alive..guess I'm a loner! haa
well stranger things have happened! Although I do have full faith in the Hornets, just wish Emeka Okafor could play tonight
No matter what my personal hang ups are...I am always there for my clients!
I usually get there 1st then Pippin wants to be wherever I am.
did u know that if u grew or killed ur own food & never ate anything processed u would never have 2 brush ur teeth?
Black girls with blonde hair
#supernatural is one of my top 5 tv shows, got Netfix? 100 episodes are on there.
Why? Note that feels that published results of publicly funded research are not "another matter."
Crap, I missed the show!
welcome. Glad you made it in!
You're watching First Take too!! Love that show. Highly entertaining.
good! my wireless keypad lets me do the same, essential when I am doing archival research < adding citations and the like >
At San Jose for McSweenys readings
Working on homework with my sons can be do rewarding :)
I have two letters for John Brenkus and ESPN's Sports Science on the 3D assessment of Bubba Watson's shoulder rotation......B S!
Snoop does it again. Young Wild & Free is da jam! Check it out.
Blueberry Kisses!<U+266B>
love you boo boo! You talented, sexy thang u!
did you submit that? I'm not seeing it. . .you should have gotten a confirmation email if it went through.
is like the most awesome guy. Juss sayin :)
good luck man!
you tweeted some truth there.
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
I just seen two squirrels fucking
who the fuck has the attention span for that?! and if anything, they'll see the other vids and KNOW that NY put in effort
you jump,i jump...remember
true that.
Yay! The Welcome to the Jungle vinyl single was my 1st "real" record. Played it on my Fisher Price record player. I was 10!
So sick of constant Windows Updates. I want an iMac.
aw, have a wonderful time. Love you and miss you pretty lady. Xo
This girl just sed "does chinease people be on welfare?"
Tammy Baldwin invokes President Bush's name in her announcement. When will liberals stop campaigning against Bush and start owning up?
Couldn't decide whether to have red or white for dinner.
RT : A4: Unique. Knowing your strengths. Local printing company offered to print resumes for FREE for the unemployeed!
learning a lot about the politics of having to wear the Salvation Army uniform. And that church gossip is universal (duh).
eh...guys can't.have enough hats!
Q6) What if you really don't have a dream and never had one?
I tell my girl when she fuck me better fuck me good, cuz if another girl could she gon' Fuck me good
Going to bed. Night my peeps(: I hope you all had a good day!
July 4, 1776: the day that we <U+FFFD>unfollowed<U+FFFD> King George
just wondering... what do you think is the ratio of non internet users to bad miami drivers? Food for thought.
Soon as I turn on the game, jake gives up 5 quick runs...wtf?
Add to that the fact that Abe Rosenthal made an affect/effect error in his recommendation letter for Tony Lukas's fellowship…
": RT - I want OD tixs! I love the #Padres because... They made my 4yo tell me we should take the day off and go to the game!
Kali it was so nice seeing you!!! I'm going to miss you so much! And thank Victoria for planning it!!
Going in for my interview at Crossroads
who likes my profile picture i might change it again
..being taken wow
RESTAURANT WEEK! Come enjoy a 3 course meal with a glass of wine included!
So many travel plans, so little time (to get my passport lol)! <U+2708>
Birthday TOMORROW :D
Ok, is that snow flurries I see?
In so much pain. I don't want to be at work today more than ever :(
Me too!
I dunno what bazinga means, but you should come to Nocturne sometime. With me. It's been ages. Maybe this was just some quote.
RT : FoodieGems is looking for passionate #Foodies to guest blog for us. Interested? Send us a DM
We're so glad you enjoyed it! :)
You are very welcome, from both of us. You bring a much-needed element to the hood, and you will see us again soon.
Why do I alway turn the music down in my car when looking for street signs? Like that is really going to help me see them better
DIAMOND-TIP MICRODERMABRASION FACIAL services now up at Thread and Sugar! What are you waiting for? Call us @ 559-761-0669 for appointments.
TONIGHT: Find us at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street, 10pm-2am! Bring your friends, have a drink, and sing nice and loud!
I know what you mean. The cold is so stupid sometimes
Record YTD sales for Subaru Canada
Hell no! Ima boilermaker! Btfu! RT : you kinda look like UGA, are you sure your not from Georgia
Man R.I.P cases boi shonte damn this shit gotta stop . But fa now "thats just the way it is" -tupac
Calipari john? no way! not the least bit interested in that option. hopefully he doesnt change his mind :)
Netflix having Twin Peaks available for online viewing is helping me get *so* blessed little done.
Please,Please follow me good afternoon beautiful
thanks for the #FF !!!
Are you on the plaza? I think I just saw you, I should have said hi!
Canucks announce they are leaving the nhl because they are going to be the new Canadian Olympic dive team.
feels good to stay up and not have to b anywhere tomorrow. no work no school no performing arts classes for the kids. just chill.
I did that last week ~
I would like to invite everyone to the ribbon cutting opening the new Twin Falls Resort Lodge on Wednes, June 15th, at 10:30a.m.
I know that was meant as an insult, and that is why I'm giving you "the face" right now. but don't fret, I didn't run it anyway!
Jealously a mother fucker to be honest. There's no such thing as "haters", their jealous to be honest.
That's not even all of them! Lol Those are the finales! #Phew #Tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
My daughter loves "Labyrinth" and will sing the "dance magic" song with me....this makes me happy
In a great mood!@!@
Look forward to seeing you there!
I think they are .. :) id never put em in a dangerous situation
While loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
Thanks for the interest. We're on it.
placing reorder for another happy client on imprinted pens. Thanks Dan V!
Hi Tye! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks!
thats the definition of a fake! lmfao.
Type in Google's search bar "do a barrel roll" and hold on for the ride :)
Do you Instagram??
it was indeed! I learned a great deal and was inspired. I am grateful to and the community for their hospitality.
You think Chael will taken down Silva? Does the winner get Jones next?
Uughhhhh ... need to do homework .. but I am pisssseeddd !
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it RT what an impressive, exciting public diplomacy #SIS419AFG presentation -- wow factor multiplied!
if you feel like a loser just remember one thing.. you were the sperm that one the race that really counts
end of regulation time in game three - for the third consecutive series the sharks go into overtime in game 3... lucky threes!
They are little ones. I'll be in touch via the website.
on dancing with the stars?
been busy...did casting workshops recently with Jeffrey Drew, Kevin Mockrin, Adrianna Porcaro, Todd Sherry, John Barba, and Jeffrey Gelber!
Note to self: Don't put new Wideleggers in dryer on Dewrinkle ever again ...
I DONT CARE WHO WINS EITHER... MY DADDY'S TEAM ISN'T PLAYING SO IT DONT MATTER.. LOL
go finish your drafts
#sdcoh_xmas11 Live tweeting ht from Golden Hall!
I'm just chilllin at home
If you listen to One Direction, you are not a hipster
honored I'm in the list with Justin!
not sure if this is tweet like but could everybody were following be the best tweeter and follow us back..thanx a million
So much on my mind . Can't go back to sleep.
This loneliness is what's killing. And no I'm not afraid. To die.
don't worry, that was about me!"
Maybe it just has to be more than half. BIA so far removed from my situation, I don't know. diff tribes=diff rules, too?
i think is watching porn.
what channel is the game on?
where are you, I'd like to meet you.
Unfortunately, I won't be at the fest tomorrow. Have fun, and be sure to get some crawfish bread.
You too, Robyn! Hope all is well! RT : Good 2 see u! RT : Trade show display specialist
No answer at Access Media. A great product means nothing w/o service. If you need me, I'll be trying to act out an episode of Grimm. ^_^
“A one-page breakthrough starts an avalanche.” - Nancy K. Haddock
and I'm just meaning them wanting to talk to me, not what started this fight in the first place
I didn't know I had a boyfriend?
Hello Joe! Nice to meet you.
Isn't it though?
No, shows that I'm tired of letting you and your damn group of bitches say shit and i ignore it. I'm done. So did it again.
That moment when you look at your dildo in disgust! I'm breaking up with you bob!!
Life without music <<
Well said!: "The supreme accomplishment is to blur the line between work and play." - Arnold Toynbee -
Yooo Is it cold outside?
Huge Furniture Sale!!!!!
have u tried vistaprints?
Was Alicia made a partner or offered partnership?
Finally got my wristband,let me know if they make a black one with red font on it
Louisville could loan FSU the money, thereby making Cimarron our bitch.
I will totally come over and eat them if you do!
"YOU HAVE A REPUTATION, EVEN IN ENGLAND, WITH MY ASSOCIATE AT " -- // I'm famous, bitches.
Veronica just found, then stole, my Chilly Willy stuffed animal.
The Christmas season has the potential to revive the music industry, but will it?
RT : Texas is 46th in per pupil spending BEFORE 5 billion in cuts to education.
no problem
Parking passes are up but yet Press Reg still isn't... What is up with that ???
At daisy dukes watching ppl dance lol hilarious!!
It's almost Halloween :-) EXCITING
Dessert was filling. Wasn't it.
He said, "hey are you gay? Can you come out and play?" and like a fool I went and said "okay!"
thanks for sharing it is just what I needed
anyone wanna bring a bag of goldfish for me tmr?
Thanks Joe!
Yo check it if you have received a compliment from me within the last twelve months via twitter,chances are I was lying
- saw Ambassadors cleaning up W. 25th street this A.M.: removing graffiti, trash, sidewalk cleanup, etc. Nice work.
To BE Honest ! *(: They mad b/c they cant see Prod lmfaooooooooooooo
They gon say they hard Imma say im harder They gon say they grind Imma grind smarter
Have a drink for me - miss y'all!! xo
You sure?
I ocassionally catch myself looking at 's facebook and thinking, 'wow, he is good looking'. Then i remember im his twin.
what brings you to this area of the city?
haha I know when it happened, I just kept thinking of that Scott Peterson who also killed his pregnant wife. DON'T DATE A PERTERSON!
HW: Write a 6 page paper on a topic of Psychology u want 2 learn more about. How am i supposed 2 write a paper on something i dont no bout?
It seems like everyone around me getting sick. I hope I don't get .......
I wonder where is in the world. I'll be in NY very soon so I definitely need to see him :)
i want to meet you.
Thank you for watching our video!! The Official Movie Trailer and more music videos are coming soon!!
chinesse chicken? Like from china?! Lol :p but awsome! I had chicken for breakfest lunch and will have some for dinner haha :3 jp!
guys must be all over you then haha
not to sound corny but to me, music is like a time machine.
Across the State, the Cincinnati Reds will be without their closer for the season after he tore a ligament in his elbow. Ouch!
Being the lone female in a house full of boys, & yes I include my Husband, means I'm vetoed when it comes 2 movies, Justice League<NO!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 1
nah he was cool haha
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
MAGIC - in Hollywood next week - our cast will blow you away and LIFT YOU UP - this show is NOT TO BE MISSED! www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
your segments with are always "entertaining".
“: #iconathon process wasn't just democratic, it was FUN.” Agreed, let's keep this movement going!
Hi, VCU from Mary Wash.
What are you doing with yourself next year? Get the book "so you want to be a contractor?" and start changing your life.
what a great idea...seriously wishing for some right now...
any number in particular?
The "What The Kobe's" are crazy.
lol thats no good, im up too :/
Per attorney Jody Johnson, Deion Sanders "has not been arrested and no protective order has been issued against him."
Expand your sense of possibility.
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay, 1971. How's your invention coming along?
I'm proly at your Girl's house twistin up and blowin stank...
Waiting for the crime scene people to get here, let's see what they find...
Christian single "Somebody Greater" Mp3 going out to radio in 2 weeks!!!!
right back at ya ;)
Don't like Lana Del Ray very much. Can't say she interests me, like at all.
I can't even sit straight, I'm too geeked...I need a drink
can`t wait till friday! putting on a show for al the kids at my elementary school:)
Working like a boss <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0094>
yeoooooo how'd NY go?
“: u ain't trying to go no where”// I am !!! Now book my flight
Finally....I work with someone who whistles when they talk
i funking love this movie
DR anthem collab last night " and just killed that performance! #cmtawards"
Sometimes the journey is the best part
Florida Avenue Grill: biscuits and gravy and scrambled eggs. I can die now.
Summer camps for my youngest are booked (including new option from ). Love crossing stuff off the list of to-dos.
and now one of the buds on my favorite headphones is gone
Hi there PluralMarriage
I love that has an automatic echo. Everything he RTs or favorites, so does some other guy. He has his own personal follower.
In 1983, I played "Cooky Puss" on my shitty college radio station so often that the program director ordered me to stop.
You have to live here to understand that its pure hatred. Not only that, its also Cal vs. Pitino. To go to the championship game. Wow.
In grading All the President's Men quizzes, I just realized that there is an untapped viral meme in something titled "Chappaquidditch."
dendrogram! (not as good as constellation)
Hi, excuse me KTLA 5, you already made me miss Family Guy & now Friends w/your "Breaking News." IDGAF about your news, NOW PUT ON MY SHOW.
Executive session. Hah!
need to to colleets house to help her with yard stuff at 5p. What's up?
thanks!!! I wrote it with amazing writers in Nashville. + psanders\dylan I knew it would be cool ;)
So frantic, so excited, so much sunshine!
If her legs aint shaking while eatig her pussy please kill yourself...
"..Final Fours are measuring sticks” - Izzo
I just wish sometimes people would prove to me how much they actually care.
we come to PGH for a show at 7p in Cannon Coffee in Brookline on August 20th!
WHAT IS IT
When there's jelly in the middle of a doughnut that makes it healthy right
thanks Phil ! Sometimes duty calls ! Good meetings at least ?
too bad these brothers allowed the n-word to seep into the script in a needless and reckless way! Too bad!!
"Some folks got all the luck, me, I got corn to shuck"
Thinking about a "get sauced" party with where we drink and you get some delicious BBQ Sauce. Where to have it?
And people gonna talk whether you're doing bad or good
is not hungry... but kinda wants to order Chinese and have it delivered at 1am... because she can. ;)
austin sounds like a unicorn sliding down a rainbow on a hot summer day.
CELEBRATORY PINEAPPLE.
Good Morning World! The Dead has arisen, the sun's out (for now), going to see my Pipster, fine day to be Steeler Nation, fine day, indeed!
Gone too soon, but never forgotten.
that makes two of us, your treat
said 'new authentication mechanism in Office365 and no CMIS support' how about #CMIS support for the mashup web??
Speaking this morning on "How to Maximize your Fundraising Potential" Come see me!
I only use the menu to switch between newsfeed and my wall. All the other stuff I ignore or it shows up somewhere else.
I just can't take my eyes off you. And I can't take that's one more mistake for the square peg in the world that's round
I've heard that the new DCFC is kind of a departure, right? Everyone else...more music suggestions plz!
And then people from school follow me and then I'm restricted lol.
I totally sat across from him and did not put it together. Silly me.
please follow me?<U+2665>
Got a couple bottles&Vip Tables to Suede in Old Town Tonight $250 gets u No Line,No Cover,a Table& Bottle for ur group call 60-2348-1722 now
Thanks for the shout out!
Who is this outsider in the neighborhood with the pounding bass in their car!?!? . damn spring breakers! #getoffmylawn!
Why is everyone so needy today?!
I'm gonna look into it
Gotta add the ghost of Heavy D to the "What's Good" podcast.
The is honored that so many students were able to experience and the video is wonderful too!
Omg my eyes itching like crazy..huh
so many dudes tryin to get their dicks wet. fuck off.
QOD: Some companies are asking potential employees for FB passwords for background checks! Invasion of privacy? Would you hand yours over?
So Excited That School Is Almost Over . . Whoop Whoop !
I wanna spend my days tweeting Riley all the things he is to me, does for me; and makes me feel
I wish I could meet again and get another photo since my old one got lost :,(
Judge Stops Block on Planned Parenthood Funds
I feel ya homie.. I'm still grinding wit this music, n making money..
My family loves Dell! needs followers. Congrats on your SMaC certification.
Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine. 12:00 p.m. Rally - Daley Plaza, 118 N Clark St
reddit got hyped up about holographic Tupac at Coachella. Came home and saw vid. Gorillaz has done it for years, and walking was wrong.
RT RT : :-) we actually kinda do hope and I get some love today on
I can't stop thinking Jst amazing isn't it
. We hope to convince people that we have more in common than we have differences w/use of moral language telling our story. Join us
YOU ARE VERY VEEEEERRRRY WELCOME
Thanks guys! And u 2 are without a doubt unrivaled in your passion and knowledge for and good taste in film!
m, fo real, oh really, that's how you feel?! Aha
Holaa #hunters and waddup :) Missed ya guys. :)
hello, weekend. good to see you again so soon!
On social media & religion. Dalai Lama has 3+ million followers & follows no one. Pope has 20,000 followers and follows 90.
MSNBC has John Heilemann and Joan Walsh up against some moron from the New York Post. One side is winning...easily.
Got dem racks
thx for the recent follow! What's crackin'?
elbow 2plus hours of hell
Aw shucks! Thank you both.
if babies are free, I can take all 3 of my daughters and the wife! She puts up with me reading a 2 line back page snippet in June!
If your daughter is thinking about being a stripper send her my way. I like to fuck them before they become real whores.
What music do you use to cool down after jumping on a trampoline?
Thank you very much.
#ARE4 vignettes you win this round (and the last) but mark my words- you will be downloaded.
I knew someone else would come along and say it for me. ;-)
If u having girl problems I feel bad for u son I got 99 problem but my chick aint one!
today is no longer Thursday it is officially JERZday
DELONTE WEST!!! WHAT UP?!?!?
So tell me dear: can your heart still break if it has already stopped beating?
House shopping is hard especially when my son says he needs a pool and grass area!
how about a weed brownie? With frosting?
The Gaga festival this past weekend was amazing! There was a great turnout and the bands were fabulous!
#RedWings making up for losing to the Blue Jackets. Already 4-0. I will have to turn alerts off on my iPad at this rate.
can i get that 10
Wow! 1.222 Follower! Thank you all! :*
Love u guys!! RT “: Lamar is the BEST!!! How sweet is he?”
You're right : the fish soup at Junior's is amazing, particularly on a rainy day
R.I.P to Alycia who went to ruskin & passed away»
I really do like the #RedSox throwback uniforms.
Thanks Kirsten! Will do!! :) see you soon!!!
Am I white enough to safely wear a hoodie?
what a beautiful day in #philadelphia Sad it's a less then 32 hour trip but so happy to see my awesome family
FOLLOW MY FLOWER
Does anybody remember the Colts before Peyton Manning? .............. didn't think so
How about both are great RT : Hm..I'm doing ACC..but thx! RT : Best thing about the Pac10 tourney
Good Morning everyone. Happy Tuesday to you!
Everyone go follow he's amaizing
YES. She sounds wonderful.
When do you arrive & depart? Tues & Wed best days for me...mid mornings or lunch.
RT The 2011 #USW Convention is just around the corner. Join our Convention conversation by using the #USW11 hashtag.
Poised Creation believes firmly in helping the non-profit organizations of America flourish!
Merry Christmas Eve!
Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes.
If you have access to Kirtland AFB, come join us tomorrow from 10a-3p at the Mountain View Club for a JOB FAIR!
I know omg.
RT : If you're gonna hoe it out, do it right.
I think its great #obama supports #gay marriage. But what happened to illegal #Israeli settlements and closing #gitmo??
RT : Everyday isnt a good day....but it is a blessed one.
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WAISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE
she will write it so it will be on her account :)
RT : Let your #best be for your friend... ~Khalil Gibran #quote /via
Fort Worth, TX has announced all public schools will close through next week (May 8). A student has been confirmed to have swine flu.
People use to laugh at "e-mail", now everybody thinks "e-mail" is the coolest thing now, its like the nerd in high school that became rich.
as is our boy here. Colton put together a nice little family
KARAOKE at Vintage Tonight!
I'm actually starting to feel better(: miss Kyle like crazy though):
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> these drivers Ed videos <<<<
I gotta to take it easier at the gym it hurts to sneeze <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
QoTD: "The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm". (Fred Dehner)
damn that sounds painful
Watch for the Summertime Dropouts Lyric Video/Visual for their single "Full Time Cutie" out on YouTube Tuesday! It's super cool!
Bottle Pop
i know i didnt think i was going to be able to get you away from them, looked like you were having too much fun haha (:
hi David. Maggie is at the manns for a few days.
What a beautiful day for dog walking! Amazing!!! What a fabulous job to have! So lucky we wake up everyday to hang out with dogs!!!
Welcome and thank you for the follow!
Can i parlay Orrock/Smack?
At Haitian Embassy yesterday and Thurs. Greater Wash Haitian Relief Committee has mass data base to find needs n fill them
Owen Wilson did a good job channeling Woody Allen in Midnight In Paris.
a yr and a half. You still in school?
Citizen activists , Ian Trowbrodge and Diane Conklin on talking about what it takes to take on City Hall
u dam rite
I just got back from a nice walk and lunch with Jenn and Heather, its nice to get out of the house before noon sometimes.
Back to Baltimore I go, great time in Miami
and vice versa. Many ppl are in the wrong relationship b/c they choose fear.
where!! O_O I. Must. Find. Store.
Really #Starbucks? I'm a dark roast drinker..... But if I wasn't, how could I ask the short blonde for a tall blonde?
is my one true love. RT i'm stalking all your boards by the way..... :)
Ok now im hyper i think its bcuz of 2chainz
Poor Dora doesn't realize that Swiper is really boarder patrol.
thank you! Hope you had a great day!
Would you trust your soul with a man or a "god" would couldn't save themselves?? Me either! That's why I trust in Jesus! He got up again!
Why did you make that so weird.
So #Irene is tap-tap-tapping on my windowpanes, but she's way bossier about it than Suzie Snowflake.
and sydnee!!! CRAP CRAWLERS
still cant believe what went on
Lmfao! RT : #HighSchoolMemories when shit got real when tried to act like she was my mama!!
depends on how you measure. Westbrook has better bounce. Rose faster with better body control.
#thatawkwardmoment when you go to sugar grove and a druggie starts talking to you and then a shirtless kid runs over and knows him
Im about 3sec away from fucking somebody up i promise to god somebody gon lose they life.!
Time to watch Pokemon.
Listening to #SaySomethin in class, getting in trouble but I don't care, I'm so proud of you<3
Covering veterans day parade tomorrow
#20ThingsAboutMe I love Reality Tv!!!!
With Hamilton's four dingers and one double, he has 18 total bases, the second most for one game in MLB history. Shawn Green has 19.
hehe - yeah, I have a long way to go to catch up with yo_bj
your welcome. How much you got?
I'm writing this all down to let you know, I gave you my very best.
agreed, circles in G+ do seem limiting. If you post publicly, what makes G+ 'better' than Twitter or Facebook?
the eagle has landed on twitter. He's my mans follow him he's funny as hell.
She's so beautiful <3.<3
Just heard an excellent discussion on Horror movies post 9/11
THANX FOR THE FOLLOW..MUCH LUV :)
Check us on Jay Leno tonite! RGExperiment
Hanging out at the Lenox Square mall!
But what if someone with 5,000 followers retweets us, but 4,000 of them follow us anyway? Our gain is just 1000.
EXCEPTIONAL, I'd say! ;)
Hm... My turn... are you looking at this? Exacly :)
Speaking of that food drive -3 non-perish items for (get it?) gets you one free med coffee! All locations til March 31!
woah no way!!!
Sounds like a challenge <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>lol
its reciprocal bro.
I have gum. Wants some? RT : P.S. I haven't had anything to eat!
Lula Washington Dance Theatre joins us at The Hillman Center in 3 weeks! Check out their performance in the blockbuster hit AVATAR!...
It's been a month since I lost my bestfriend. A month exactly. James I miss you. #RIPJames #ILoveYouJamesPatrickOHanlon <3
“: :) you can see our new offices! I'll be out during lunch but here the rest of the day” cool, gettin my har did at 12
Hot damn! You're on a roll!
I don't think I have had wine from Côtes du Forez, where is it located?
Caught up the last two weeks of #Grimm. Still enjoying it very much. More backstory helping it too.
Soccer game tonight against cave with my favorite people <U+270C>
give us what you got! it could earn you a FREE ticket and we need em NOW!!! :D
First mobile tweet ever, mark this milestone!!!
This Kristy is jealous that you are going to a KY game!! Have Fun!
LA? Why the tip?
Hello Beth, Describe how much fun you have being a Political Coorespondent at "National Journal Online"?
Comcast profit jumps 30%, with mixed results at NBCUniversal
more F bombs (and $$$ shots) than the AVN awards #MTV Movie Awards
I'm running a beta version of Quinoa right now!
“: im headed to the studio now. Get it in my G” >>>> hell yeah...
armored cable
Acutally excited to visit tomorrow. This back pain has GOT TO STOP! Help me #IOH!
THROW THE BALL OVER THE PLATE; HE'S GIVING YOU A GODDAMN OUT
anytime if you decide to call ask for George
Always in good spirits...
Blanco - day one to day 59 days after it leaves still
Missed playing the freeroll by 5 minutes was waiting on Reefer to send account validation, Good luck
"We may not be perfect but love is..."
Thanks for the RT
Terres Rouges 4 September :D with and :D
idk yet said she wanted me to go somewhere with her but she never said. Let's go to BIM
Occupy does not support any particular political party. Instead this movement has focused on the things that bring people together
Taplin: a student deciding not to be on Facebook is a political stance-not exclusion. hm. are there any students not on Facebook?
Lunching it up with some mashed taters lol
Is Audi racing the R18? Cause that might be fun to watch. Well. It'd be fun to watch anyway :)
Observing the proportional gender imbalance at the tech related presentations
Im fucking tired from doing dryland in the wind. LOL i hard literal dirt in my ears. Gross.
just when I thought Kobe was doing something honorable or not selfish for once, he throws in a snide comment like that.
Please marry me Taemin PLEASE :'c omg
Thx RT : Thanks for the follow, welcome to my TL! :)
Captives is a great read but I think Games' The Web of Empire is a better fit for the context of Global History
Just saw Bridesmaid...better than Hangover
Thank you for the invite. Definitely keep us in mind for the next adventure!
My last tweet for the next week is gonna be a good one.
You are getting blocked. Hop off my shit.
I'm really sleepy but this hoe swa they hard I really hate broke hos like Android they mama do fake taxes.
I'm looking forward to the advance premiere in NYC.
Except I just settled in.......and no dressing. So sad......lol
At #Intel attending #TitanOfIT event by #NMBW NM Business Weekly. Healthy spread.
What comes easy won't always last, and what will last won't always come easy.
Today in science Logan was being so fucking absurd he was taping his pencil and making the table make an absurd noise
I do-do all the time woopwoop
AND OMFG I JUST CAN'T EVEN
god bless the American dream. playing on Pandora and not a care in the world
yay thanks! That makes this descision even easier!
#Fake people irk me...
Oh cause it would be cool to get to watch it
Holy crap people still say that's what she said.
hey bro... When is your B-Day?
You shouldn't try to get over someone, by getting under someone else.
how buy i find Notes from a kitchen?. can't find a site that is selling it.
how is my brown skin girl doing this morning:)
A writer is a spectator, looking at everything with a highly critical eye.
best of luck too you, miss ya!!
get rowdy at the prom after party and have a literature group in the corner with bongos and Ish.
I want a mudslide & some dessert
When the hell did James Loney learn to play defense
I can't wait to see Men in Black 3
OF COURSE the cardigans come on the second you step into ikea
you back in Chi?
such an amazing time on with !!! I am so ready to get home!!! only 30 more hours of driving! ha
new money from strangers!!
First xkcd comic reference at #thatcampphilly. Probably not the last.
Nope, I took over a pretty crappy team and traded most of my pieces RT : Is this a startup dynasty?
I don't know what to do with all this extra money.
I understand, its a chilly 50 degrees here too.
<3 RT : OP forgot to tell you...GOODBYE COASTLINE, so god <3
North Carolina decision is making us people who don't discriminate look bad over here
I judge people who ask where the bus goes as they get on it.
I love it when the statues get close that fit! If you're gonna dress 'em, do it right!
Who knew relay for life would be soo painfull hahaha 3rd degree burn and cuts all over my hands from opening a coke bottles, ima sissy!
Tranexamic Acid spray will stop bleeding on contact – we make in a nasal spray for nosebleeds. Call 412-681-6400.
Waking up this early for school, to sit there and do nothing. Waste of time
me too! Ben is too much of a guy's guy to have three girls
When is there not a delay on at least one line?
Aint that something :) i use to be in your spot before.
update from TRNE...New campaign to connect Dwnestr to NYC via Lowell Jct! One seat ride to NYC!
stop being on dat nigga tip
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
Spoke too soon...
Nothing like sitting on the couch all day checking fantasy scores with the roommates. Life is good..
we search completely differently than we did 10 years ago, yet the search engine is essentially the same.
You too!
I've got the drive but I won't try anymore.
how was it?
haha I have a black one, but don't want to trade LOL!
That last move bey LeBron is legitimately unstoppable. Increidible.
You have opportunity right now, on this very day, that you'll never have again.
it was awesome. I'm pretty sure I saw Aaron tapping his foot and clapping to the beat. Great to see them support Donald.
"'Eveything is made of light,' he said, 'and the space between isn't empty.'" ~ Don Miguel Ruiz
I salute the people who aren't afraid to keep shit real (-_-)7
Cuttin JBoogi loose on chef duties tonight for Tuesday night family dinner!!! Stop @ the bush to get a taste
I'm so hungry I feel my legs shaking
the roof lol u
i HAVE N0T BEEN 0N HERE iN A G00D MiNUTE, BUT iM BACK!!!! MWAH T0 THE NEW F0LL0WERS! Hi, iM MiA ( :
Thats better :) cu soon! RT : haha I forgot you had a twitter!!
I hate to be in trouble for something so unnecessary...
Thinking an early morning drive in this Bay Area fog + would be amazing.
i feel u
Likewise, Peter! Happy New Year! RT : Prosperous 2012 wishes & #FF!
i posted the blck and white xDD
While didn't have the kind of PB I wanted, it did have beautiful avocados. Looks like I'm making guacamole instead of PB cookies
LOL(: Looks good
ugh thank god
Someone has jokes! Lol RT : Carlisle on Jackson "I don't know how long he can go to Montana and meditate. Or smoke peyote."
Girl: What does she got, that I don't? Me: My heart.
Memes trivialize politics, distract from issues - Manitou Messenger
Good morning, sweet n lovelies!
hanging in the dells with my bestie justin.
Oh, and I hope you guys don't think any less of me for using the term 'swag'...
Tyler Geving Portland State coach on Final Four tonight at 6:40 on NWSPORTS tonight.
TAX CUT ALERT! All employees now pay 4.2% instead of 6.2% for Social Security tax. Hooray!
check your email - RH shirt news!
flips Marshall McLuhan on his head. Well designed apps approaching point where message is the medium.
Absolutely not. Thanks, and thank you for your service!
Pain Management Clinic Turns to Medical Marketing Company to Boost Visibility
Amazing food (duh) by of for the #plazalife event!!
Touch down in Chicago. Mayhem to start shortly
Jonas Brothers making new music? O.o Whaaaaaa? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Great chat with this morning...that place is going to rock!
Over 3 dozen of my Apps not compatible with Lion without upgrade including Offce, BBedit, Parallels , AfterEffects and more....
I gotta say it: I wish made that CISPA roll call after taking such a public stand. That's missed vote disappointed me
it's the party of the year! people get trashy as all hell. it's my favorite event of the year but this time rules are strict.
Right! I could get my family doctor to say anything to back in the day...shameful!
I see scripts in advance as part of my work. Take it from me, there's some good TV tomorrow night.
These white guys have red necks, so are they red necks
Just one of those days.......
But I dunno. I kinda don't really like Plano. Ahah
My life is better when I hear your voice...I prefer it live, but sometimes have to settle for voicemails :) miss you more.
Who needs an alarm. The birds seem to be right outside my window.
Love it! Words to live by...
your so sweet to your fans <3
Hey man! Definitely interested in rockin with my fellow Chicago Detroiters. Let's chat. Thanks for the intro!
Jaguar Land Rover Celebrates Success in New York
I put a dollar bill with UMW on it at the Griffon restaurant in Charleston, SC. I did it two years ago and its still there!
Thinking out loud: Wonder if after Coples said he knew playbook, Rex tested him today _ and it didn't turn out well for No. 1 pick.
That's awesome! DM me if you ever need accommodations again :)
I'm playing tonite at Champs in N.Versailles w/TNSB at 8PM drop by and catch a set or 2 I'm in best form of my career!!
"Guys this isnt bath and body works" "WHAT? IM OUTTA HERE" ..lmfao my science class
Sitting in the Pittsburgh airport. Flight delayed an hour. Hello NHL GameCenter Mobile.
Nobody can b who they are without being judged by some people. But Ariana believes we're all most beautiful when we're ourselves!<U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
someone just asked if u have to be mexican to go to mexico............
If Kentucky offers him, Torian Graham will be a great fit on next year's team. He can fill the outside shooting void left by Doron Lamb.
Major omgs are going down this morning.
#Oscar : Neil "doogie" Patrick Harris rocks.
lol but yeah
would love to see teams like and
Gonna finish #myfavoritexmasmovie tonight- Diehard 2 with my wife.
Buwahah. YOU'RE WELCOME. ^^ Lemme know what 2 other pages you want! :)
The first fight goes to Nor Cal's Isaiah Gonzalez who defeated Team Take Flight's Art Alvarado at :26 into the 2nd round by TKO (strikes).
How awesome that was born on star wars day! Per molts anys and may the 4th be with you :D
Not only do we promote u, we protect it! We keep close watch on ur public activity to make sure u hit the mark! Call #TopFamEnt 4105139199
Those 2 minutes of me yelling just fucked everything up and it wasn't worth it
I see u Ken dawg!
Sometimes there's nothing more exhausting than trying to come up with an answer to "How have you been?"
RT #iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo the whole crew that came out today - nice work! Where were you at ??
roflol "Please get someone to tape that if you do"! Hope your good bud, congrats on movie! Darnit, got that song in my head!
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
We just need 43 more HR FENers to reach 1,500. Get your friends to join us :)
Great call... It is indeed! Cc:
this is Daniel the "dude" that sang animal on the voice thanks for the tweet! Would be amazing to jam with you someday.
now it's your turn to rap (:
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack
I like girls they r cool
Gonna be a long day on the job today..but worth it!
yall must have been pretty bored in class today...?
well it was my 3rd time in a week to see &
Also, have some very good news, now have a new colleague taking on the metadata work.
Happy New Years Austin! Any plans for this year? (:
His teeth throwing up gang signs. Lol. RT : James Harden got pumpkin teeth... Damn
Argh! I guess so.
yessir! I'll hit you when I get off work tonight mann
"What works good is better than what looks good, because what works good lasts." Ray Eames. On the one hand: ? On the other, Eames.
Attending "Stop Managing Too Much with Too Little” with Pat Wagner of Pattern Research.
Katey!!!! Thank you. Can't wait to see ya soon :)
wait, what?
I've become the kind of person who can't find their glasses, then realizes they're already wearing them.
i think should follow us [: <3 ~dannah
What is this Feeling?
Ugh hope its a nice day tomorrow ... :]
Hmm It has a very "planet of the apes" feel to it because it's half submerged.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year! I hope 2011 is a great year for you <U+2665>
Going to Fanfara Friday? We're going Blue or Red tie rather than black tie to support your Cards & Cats!
Gorgeous morning! Makes me realize how much I'm going to miss Boston.
surely "what is the context of this [text]?" is the starting point for a user considering any resource or collection?
HACK A GRIFFIN!!!!
at the apple store with my aunt....i hvnt tweeted via web in years lol
USPS site is a HUGE fail. 1. cant sign into account 2. Cant request new pw 3. Offered online help/chat-got a message that its offline
What are you being for halloween?!
i love you, and so does my best friend Shana, i just thought that you should know that. :3 <3 :D
Brand New Web-series been launched by group of Acting Students check out Pilot and Episode 1 of
Trying to keep sober @
Idk why but I always seem to eat lunch like around 2
hey pplz my sis needs to do a famous person poem will you help her out plz
what's my new band name?
Try #Digg for your news site to help optimization
PCAK has great partners! We need each one. Today we salute #KSP & Post 1 in Mayfield. Awesome response to our kick-off planning in Paducah.
My second tweet was about the death of Osama.
me and Elliott are :) hahaha!
The atmosphere here today is incredible! Let's go
miss you kinda
Can we just skip Thursday and go to Friday this week?
talking about challenges of scale in digital collections: data size, number of items, and researcher expectations
Hey,what's up,Berry? Playin this weekend?
#summerreading: A Thousand Plateaus, Archaeologies of the Future, We Have Never Been Modern, The Nick of Time...
“: Vin Scully, the greatest broadcaster in sports history, just announced on air that he'll be behind the mic next year.." YAY!!!
You're nasty. In a bad way.
I feel like every Greek god statue has a small penis. I wonder if that was the humans way of getting back at the gods.
thanks :3 “: OMM THE VIDEO YOU HAVE YOUR ICON AND BG FROM IS HILARIOUS!!! I LOVE YOU MUCH FOR HAVING THIS ACCO...”
Is possible to like someone who barely knows english? <3
always good to sell you
So excited to be at the #gwawards with and the rest of the team!!!
two experts in one session tonight : breaking down social media & helping us with dance writing!
Warmer temperatures coming for the workweek but make sure you grab your umbrella!
And don't worry...if you missed out on seeing the Captain America version, we've got it frozen in ice for now but he'll be back!
Well, today is not going as planned, but I got a few things done, at least. If only certain things were not hanging in limbo.
Sweet dreams, friends.
What a nap! Hw time -_-
Drinking Sangria coolers and taking Apple tini shots, watching some scary movie on FX. #Chillin'
#askvinny If I ever meet you in a random place will you give me a hug?
just waking up lol :P
But if Cubs want city amusement taxes to help pay for Wrigley renovation, this won't help.
Leavitt, he had only 2 loosing seasons in 12 years coaching a start up and he actually wants the job
About what time might Ty Segall go on the 1st day of the fest? I have to work and don't want to miss it!
walking outside and instantly debating whether or not to wear underarmour to our game/practice.
...Minus all the picks RT : Freeman: "..... (Rodgers) almost reminds me of Brett Favre in his three-time MVP years."
Nice... iOS 5 will be free starting Oct 12. The new friends and family GPS tracker is a little freaky though...
Stop complaining about your problems if you keep making the same mistakes over and over.
With legend man chillin and visiting the homie
in noelles dreams she thinks thats the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Please RT benefit Saturday 9/17 11 am American legion #381 Todd Allen Herendeen will be there :) doing a new single
New posts up the past few days and a whole lot more in the queue, including some great new guest writers! Http://www.thecollectionblog.com
RT : Entire Republican party is one huge display of ignorance cc: /Yes..this is just ONE of MANY examples
Going to the Avs/Red wings game tonight! Hopefully we can sweep
totally cool, I know!!!
first time in a long time I lol'ed during the show.
You can't have enough white styrofoam boxes crammed in your fridge on vacation. Why grill when you can eat out 2X day?
Thanks bro!
Wish I could take a weed break instead of just a cig break right now
.awesome is king stephen
Watching Giuliana & Bill with Viggle Tue | 5PM | Style Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Off work now time to spark up :)
Love it!
Rain, Rain, go away. Please come back some other day!
I should've known from the beginning.
thank you Jill!!! So nice of you:)
If only you knew what he REALLY did Friday night...
I agree-just saying that,e.g.,Jewish law allows divorce,but Jesus explicitly repudiates that and other teachings in the OldTest.
I wannabe the girl he gives his hoodie to. Cuddles when its cold, comes up behind; catches me off guard & whispers you look beautiful
Proud to announce that we are now partnering up with please show us/them some support by following. Thank you
No, thankfully on paper. I think she gives them to sts, who fill in the blanks on the slides
RT : We are setting up in the white tent to the left of the entrance. Come get your drink ticket!
Oh, try raise the travel cash for study abroad on our website. Tons of students are using us to fundraise & save :)
Brandon Snyder > Darnell McDonald. If Pomeranz can save the bullpen, I'll gladly sacrifice this one.
we shall see!
RT Austin Has Our Hearts!
Leaving Chamblee HS...go Bulldogs and have a safe and fun prom!
We'll keep the light on for ya! ;-)
No Dan Wheeler and this game would have been over at 9.
Def understand that concussions are a big deal, but unresponsive is a pretty strong word to use when watching from tv.
where u at was yo number
awakening, sparking, light up, create interest in, focus....
Allie, I think Peter was just mad that aren't following him back. He keeps bringing that up. HaHa JK Pete
another NY gathering. Apple Affair 2.0
Cann i get a RE-FILL!..ayyy! :)
ohh ok that makes sense :) yeah it could be them, but what makes them so special that they could pose a threat to Klaus? Idk :/
but little sisters(:
I have 6 pockets on me right now and I'm not even wearing real pants!
Dream team! #twinsies :)
If only people were asking one another "What are you reading these days?" with the same frequency of "What are you wearing for Halloween?"
Happy Halloween!!!
SO TRUE
Spent the morning with my face in the computer. Did lots of research. I think I pulled a brain muscle.
what Brooke u gonna come eat me? xD yea itll swell up if u dnt it looks lk bitches pushed u on ur face :o
Sometimes Brodeur kind of just runs and slides around like a middle-schooler playing a street hockey pickup game.
"My Bio Says I'm Single"
If I ever hear from or see you there is going to be a misunderstanding.
Thanks ..reposted now.
LOL at how many people I've cut out of my life. I do it like its nothing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
That's probably a good philosophy. I get some pretty awful emails that could have used your anxiety.
ahahaha dave how is this possible? Lol :p
Wait...Who's Vickerus married to? :o
no kidding dude. Wanna do your thing, make your own rules.
I want to steal him!! :D lol :p
NEVER!!! RT : Too old to breastfeed? A controversial picture sparks a heated debate. Local reaction On CBS 47 at 11
I'm so upset that reversed their animal testing policy. I love their products, but can't feel beautiful knowing animals suffered.
Ooh! Ben and I saw it yesterday and really enjoyed it. Let me know what you guys think!
did I ever thank you for your compliment? I appreciate the recommendation for
then make only 8lbs of super delicious.... leave them wanting more
yes sir
Kids growing up need to take a class dedicated solely to creativity! It is so important to the development of humans!
tomorrow is sunday
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21 + EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
You're annoying
I actually wish I was going to catholic school so I wouldn't have to see all you obnoxious people for 4 more years.
yo bro up at ASCAP. U got some dope kicks tho!! Haha.
YO ANN BABE
Morning Cannabis Community! We keep fighting for our rights to safe, legal access to #cannabis Medicating is a right, not a privilege!
Don't miss #entrepreneur ": Thomas M. Borger speaking at InnoTech Dallas 5/17. Join us! #innotechdfw"
Although I am happy to be hired to get stuff done, I prefer when the clients let me make the design matter
I wish it was warm out :\
Scheib: Dutch male sex workers emphasized the money they made, while the women spoke about loving their job.
At work...and it's kind'a boring <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
God is going before you making your crooked places straight!!
Last year on this day, #PopeBenedictXVI performed #Easter Mass at St. Peter's Square in #VaticanCity. |
we ran Resin as soon as it was available... We will always keep room for some drAft only releases...
high class problems...
After certain conversations, the Quiet Storm on Foxy 104.3 is not the best choice selection of music to listen to *sigh*
yeah it nothing knew. Been hating people since 1996
Breakfast Networking Hour 8 am – 9 am. Registration for breakfast is required.
Coming soon, a classic love jam for all the #Beautiful ladies, "I wanna be your man!" by fea. Roger & Zapp! Wow.
I miss the OLD woe is me.
Heavily Tattooed Ladies With Red Hair Wearing J. Crew.
It's always this that.
Playing in a $50k tournament on Fulltilt in 2 hours, should be fun
So--you were right about Spaz staying this past year. Can we get rid of him after this year's 4 win season?
big sale at Dillards...I brought home one skirt. And I can't wear it until summer.
Kobe is a
love the picture!
Only way I'll watch the Oscars is if zombies start attacking the audience.
I think it's time for a hair cut!
High five!
Whew! Starting over is gonna take some time to get use to.
Excited to see American Reunion <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Hate when people like Ugly dogs
It's snowing outside my office window; today has officially turned to crap.
did you get my boa xfer? Confirm pllzzzzzz <3
I would love to! Wanted to read it anyway.
Just had an epic feast
Is the country equivalent to ?
"Knock You Down" is like, one of my favorite collaborations and love songs. I mean, really... I could dedicate it to anyone ;)
I been dry for a hole week :/
Sure gonna miss you while you're gone for 2 months at bootcamp
Greece and private creditors work to renegotiate debt. Credit default remains possible if investor participation is too low.
nothing really just work work and more work lol busy
zeke read my twits.
We Still Dream's CD Release w/ This Day Will Tell, Coming This Fall, & MORE EVERYONE NEEDS TO COME TO THIS!
Question: is Hershel a Vietnam vet?
HDA's Amy Zimmerman moderates #disability & the #law panel at today
tell him about it
All cleaned up now
I am limping to the subway. BC I fell in the middle of the street today. Lol shut out to the Spanish kid that picked m up.!
The LSU-Bama game from earlier this year disagrees ": This could be the worst game I have ever watched! Most boring! #SugarBowl"
BIG thanks for the follows and shout outs!!
Just did
I know right? it's from the Seen and Noted section from last week...
yay! The race course took us to our farmer's market too
please follow
let me fix my hurrr
Blood sign being thrown up RIGHT in front of the camera... UNACCEPTABLE for my children. *turns off tv*
I was just randomly asked to answer a few questions by ESOL students from - what a such a courageous homework assignment!
yesterday bitch
If you are going to be stuck on a plane on the tarmack of PHL for 3 hrs, there are no better people to be next to then the people around me!
LOL! Reminds me of Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, Partying Is Such Sweet Soiree "Sugar, precious..."
Dumbest day of my lifee.
Finishing the evening with The Princess Bride. Anybody want a peanut?
ugh people are pissing me off #bored someone
reunited with and it feels so good.
any news on ? I'm really hoping to see him do his thing this year...
Only a few more hours to get your recipe submitted for the Grill Cookoff contest. Voting begins tomorrow.
Saturday ceremonies for #2012AUGrad are finished. We'll see everyone again tomorrow for & commencement ceremonies.
Head over to to win a prize package from
who the hell is sleepdilla? ask me and i will tell you?
How about shopping for sex toys instead?
administration=conspiracy,extortion,pedophilia and now scatology
Something about Detropia project doesn't ring true. I question if their realization truly came mid-production.
What's up with Chicken at GT Fish? It is delicious...
Heidi & Bryan's wedding tonight at Morris Chapel & The Reserve was a hit! Awesome shots. Loving long veils!
don't be afraid to send all your redsox shit you won't wear up here. Haha jk good luck w the Os. You deserve a shot !
no food cravings that I remember but thanks for sharing the article!
but understanding their excuses and finding ways to change their minds is how we get recognizing to happen
Made real progress getting single-sign on working on #Teradici zero-clients with and #VMware View.
Mobileux camp is September 15. Hope you can make it.
Come on by! Have you seen the new office in Northwest #PDX?
Took me an hour and a half to learn 5 different things.
Had a wonderful weekend, spent it with the people who really and truely matter... My friday night started it all.
i know right? omg
Its finna b hot as hell
God only got one book published, and look how good he is?
It's Wednesday ! Have a fantastic day!!!
Unlike Fed, where losses to folks like Canas live forever
NKY 3rd grade students increase reading scores to 82% up from 77% NKY is on the move in the right direction but we need equitable fundin ...
Any restaurants/wine bars/wine shops celebrating #LanguedocDay?
On a positive note, I'll get to keep that personal day that I was going to use to see the victory parade.
They kicked your sister's bicycle
Come on #CLIPPERS GUT IT OUT!! Let's move on to Round 2!!
#Didyouknow Yunnan Pu-er Teas were found to have the ability to destroy cancer cells? - Yunnan Natural Medicine Research Institute
Buildings swaying, trains are all running late....be safe everyone & get home!
almost got a heart attack watching dexter... finale's gonna be off the HEEEEEEEZAY!
#NothingFeelsBetterThan getting a text from someone you care about <U+2665>
Subway n then the bed
As a father of a 6 yr old girl, I relate to this post on a deep level. Great post!
Keep on dreamin' even if it breaks your heart.
seriously? you have to pay for this??? not cool & quite sleazy.
I hate being in HS & curfew! :( I'm jealous.
contemporary katy selverstone
everything is good, getting ready to shoot the pilot for my web series in the next couple weeks. How have you been?
In the last session, policies were made to reflect practices. That might be the case here.
hiding in the bushes. ready 2 sneak attack the man w/kisses when he gets home.
i hear that RT : I'm gonna be giving the Keurig a run for it's money today... Now off to a staff meeting.
My neighbor is trying to get me to go to his gym....its as if hes calling me fat hahHhaha wtf.
G'morning tweet peeps or G'night whichever one it is have a good one, enjoy it!
A new label affliation may be coming soon. Keep it locked!
Which means I get to see Speedy:)
"this is how we do it" acoustic. Done.
Damn for da last 3 days alot of people been talking bout FB's
good talking to you last night homie! Enjoy LeBoom!
- it seems that their entire network is down at least from Comcast .... traceroutes stop at Comcast in Texas. GIANT Bummer!
That guy painting with dancers was so awesome on
You sir..look like a monkey. :D
the hatred of many working and middle class ppl holding on to any privilege they can is just as deep
most interesting day at busch gardens today... wow :) lol
Just got done checking on tasks running in my pc.
All Aussie directioners on my timeline are like 'HARRY'S NAKED!' and I'm sitting here watching spongebob... Because ayitm ISNT ON HERE
they keep deactivating & reactivating their account -__-
Aqua Teen Hunger Force. #1 in the hood G
Saw #SafeHouse. Not my type of movie. Enjoyed date night w/friends though!
Put your shoes on, & your feet down. Your feet smell, damn ratchet.
If I can't see the new twitter does that mean I'm blind or just technically challeneged
Thanks! RT : We heard our good friends at cleaned up at the recent Addy Awards! So there's only one way to celebrate...
:D RT <3 oh my God. Thankyou. I love you guys. c':
And someone's sitting down black pastors who speak out/advise people not to vote. Would love to hear those conversations.
my ipod fell on my face :(
Get on what exactly? ": lmao she's a waitress at the club I'm at every Friday, I'll get on sooner or later lol
it is?
potential game winning field goal?
what raido station was one dirction was on in the usa?
Sara Underwood just called and she said she wants to get under my wood, say wa?
Summer theme song I predict to be. "Drunk on you" by
Steam Train?
Thanks, Christina, good company to be in! ": #FF ”
twitter fans: get 15% off your next order with shopping cart page code "ripmachoman". good until 5/28/11!
looked through the book "1001 albums you must hear before you die" and saw no entries for Dave Matthews Band. All is right in the world.
I am thinking that my granddaughter may be born tonight or very soon :)
Pizza of the week: Veggie Deluxe -Onions, green peppers, mushrooms, fresh spinach, sliced tomatoes and green & black olives.
Life is starting to bore me.
whats good pimp
We've been crunched working on a documentary. :(
Thanks for helping to spread the word.
So there was this chick right. She was a bitch. The End.
“The great Emperour of Ethiopia hath bin outed... and the grand Turk hath bin strangled” - James Howell, A Winter Dreame, 1649.
too cold to clean the windows. darn.
Just got informed some douche kids are still trying to be bullies to my lil bro again. Told him to punch them in their face. Other sugges?
Thanks Ash! Great job!
consider your awkward moment destroyed. We're ashamed at our poor etiquette. Forgive us please? We think you're great!!...
people respect us more after our win though.
follow me please:) xoxox
Ungodly noise woke me up at 4:45 & sleep has evaded me since. Gonna be a long day. Thanks rats.
Generally, yes.
good - am here in BK mourning MCA w friends - what're yr wkend plans?
i meant that I was here for - but sweet!!!! Love u guys!
Good morning, good morning! What did you do this weekend?
#TheAvengers was awesome!
I'm so butter, Fabio can believe it.
5:45AM - on my way to the Cherry Blossum 10 miler. No - this is not an April fools day joke. What have I done? :)
what about the person who is broken about being more holy than you? :)
Most people want good characterization in their stories.
in seattle plz?
Vegas First Friday Art walk, who's down?
Outta site....Outta mind....it always is wht it is!!!!:-)
Why you be hatin on the romantic stuff? :(
Ugh. So sorry about all the mishaps. We'll let the manager know.
I miss #FVSU , one more year after this one !
Ha! Thanks for the love! xx
hurt where ? Cali !!! good home nothing new . lol
hahah right?.. but na he dropped a video right after that explaining... but he was good as fuck at that lol
#RiversCrossing tomorrow. If you live in the Cincinnati area, come hang out with us. 930 and 1115 AM.
do you have any creative ideas for me to get harry to follow my twitter if i were to see him :/
Looks like today is my last day of work for the year! Super efficient me has finished up all work early so bossman said wrap it up today!
you rock
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven <3
you're sleeping over?
i really do wish i had that something that'd make me "extraordinary".
#thingsaboutme I'm a guy who likes when my girl is clingy
Luck is what I need!
I mean really, how inept can we be? Some $6.6bn flown into Iraq 8 ago may have been stolen, according to a US official investigating fraud.
noo it's from mean girls ! Duh
Aye Bro Why Marlboro Methol Light???? I see All the NewPorts Around All The Drink
good to hear. Just checking in. Back in Philadelphia in May
Indeed, it would be less unseemly if he were a railroad coolie instead of one of his era's most dominant pitchers.
It goes dwn inside Bar Wed. (8800 broadway) No Cover. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party!!!
no because it's a Monday! And happy early birthday girl!!!!
And I'm gonna try to look less anonymous soon, but yeah - I can see why it would be hard to find me. :-/
Arrive in May--Kevin can hook you up! RT : I've been flirting with putting those on my list
Spreading myself too thin....gotta make some sacrifices!
The most unnerving thing is seeing someone with a blind people stick crossing a street wile you're driving.
lol i was already on the court & I still do, had to fingure some things out mane
im just sayin, you should have let her have it
For every fact you THINK you know there are a million facets you will *never* know
If you really tell hundreds of people, we will come there soon! You're amazing :)
First wine of the evening is a 2010 Chateau LaMothe de Haux White Bordeaux
Have you reviewed Catching Jordan yet?
Honey BBQ shrimp paired with a honey-moon is delicious
I was greeting one of my friends so sweetly. I was all like: Hey loser and then they were all like: hey shit head
"You don't know how hard I worked. I sold crack to kids man!... They overdosed..."
How do we as Jewish educators find depth with a millennial generation used to short sound bytes?
Wow, Luongo just put that puck in his own net, 2-0
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 105
I can't promise I'll always no what to say or what to do but I can promise I will always be here even if its just to listen.
JUST ANNOUNCED!! The Holden Young Trio will be at next Friday May 18th in #Denver!
Oh, no! Didn't mean it as a game. Meant it as jealousy--audiobook holds me back from reading faster or more often.
Happy #Tuesday everyone! Shine on!
Are you GOING RED on Friday in support of Wear Red Day? Together, we can fight the No. 1 killer of women by creating awareness of our...
Last one-in your bath add rose petals,lil'honey,lil' perfume w/lil' piece of paper with the name of a man you want to attract.
Presidential candidates have a position on global warming, but do they have a position on the UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championship)?
#20thingsaboutme 10. I love to eat. People are always suprised about how much i eat cause i dont gain wait. lol
Watching Alvin & The Chipmunks! (:
Bout roll in the Benz and blast #WIPEMEDOWN ALL DAY
Beat The Buzzer is coming up at 3pm! Turn HOT on now!
Times Ben hard lately but today is the day it will get better
I learned alot from these fuck niggas. Good times they fuck wit ya bad times they dont fuck with ya! #WonderWhyHisHeart Cold
Yes Sir! We do. We love the guys and had a great time touring together recently in the philippines and Guam.
Typical generic rap song is on... Christian mom "what r u listening to, turn it off, it offends me" Kid "profanity"
Uhhmm sites.I usually edit on phone but I think u can try pizap, it's not really a cool site, but atleast you can edit there:)
Hate the pins & needles feeling when your foot falls asleep!
Registered for the California International Marathon, already looking forward to getting out of Chicago in December
I know I'll never get the hair back in my profile pic, but that jacket is somewhere. $100 reward! I think it's in Baton Rouge.
#LetsGoHeat ! RT“: Tough to sleep after that 1 but woke up with a fresh mind to get better..”
Zizi and Elaine both presenting "What if the Internet Did Not Speak English?" at ICA 11
"We rarely out-perform our self-image." - Maxwell Maltz (Psycho-Cybernetics)
If you weren't holding that iPad I would've thought you were Amish.
Facebook will KILL Instagram.
To the next person who tries to argue with me over $2 I will say, "m'am, your greed killed Donna Summer."
The Hometown Tourist digs Maryland, archeologist tourism in the Free State about 1:40 pm Friday
: would love a wave invite if you have some to spare... [ stscdr (at) gmail.com ]
get a one way ticket to palm springs and eat there when we drive back
that's awesome BJ!
Wait... I thought this was the replay...
Cool to see in the commercial!
haha I'll see what I can find. I've definitely been slacking on the free swag so far.
Don't say "stop hating" when u do (hypocritical much)
Sad dat ppl don't take care of there self evey time u feel sick
Thanks!,RT : Very pretty and not overdone!
Vote for us on Urbanspoon. Just made the top 100!www.urbanspoon.com/r/43/1547488/restaurant/Town-of-Lake/Off-The-Clock-Bar-Grill-Milwaukee
Busy day showing homes all over Portland and spending time with daughter.
Nick Mohlmann w/ his 2nd double of game w/ one out in the Mineral Point 4th but he was left stranded. After 4 innings, Fennimore leads 5-1.
We're $2K away from taking 1st place. Help win the #culturesofgiving donor challenge!
Oh yeah, I saw "Revolutionary Road." Very depressing! What kind of movie are you looking for?
Panera bread is my life. I feel like I'm always here.
Is it bad that I'm high right now
That is no joke! Everyone wore their crazypants today.
Had a great nutrition meeting/sampling at My Dinner Kitchen last night! The food is outstanding!
was 88 Eric Lindros was my hero
no, I wish... I probably won't be there till this summer
Dustin's at the doctor now. I hope he's okay :/
I will my friend.
Sound on #americanidol is bad tonight. Mix has vocals too far back and speakers are phasing. Sounds like in a tunnel
We are playing at the Vans Warped Tour Music Showcase this FRIDAY (the 29th) @ the Marquis Theater in Denver. Tweet us if you want tickets!
Seriously WTF with twitter unfollowing people for me it's pissing me off.
To some of us that haven't yet met them! <3
"BITCH, I'm a mother fuckin' monster!"
Here Comes The Quarterback? In A Custom ... - Internet Safety Rules
all the pain you kept inside you even though you might not show, if I can apologize for being wrong then its just a shame on me.
hell yea that's my shit lol
Listening to Waylon Jennings live at the US Festival in '83. Great, but not as fuzzed and phased as his live stuff from a decade earlier.
My nickname for today is Big Daddy Smoke
are you dating emma? She's pretty and very lucky. I hope you're happy:) because if you are, we are too.
I wanna go on a date.
seriously so great to see you - Outings w/ a baby are no simple task. Lydia is a glowing mother!! You're just tall.
Snownami in Philly - or is it Snowmagedon?
Soldiers Return from Afghanistan and Pay $2,800 for "Extra" Bags ... Thank you Delta Airlines!
Damn R.I.P. Whitney
oh you know. surviving school. trying NOT to sleep through the boring lectures. wishing one of my profs wasn't so awful. but good!
Schedule post
Great, look forward to talk to you in detail. Thanks a lot.
;) awesomeness! have fun !!
Sing me a lullaby. Lol jk
your icon is so cute ;). how are you? xoxo.
KS: Chuck Berry's Cadillac represents his agency and approach to the business of music
Forgot shit was goin down this weekend!
Small talk is easy when the weather is nice. Just mention how nice it is and you're set.
Day or night?
I dunno about Portal as the current
u said u were going out of town for 2 months. I guess u changed ur mind?!?!
Kris = My heart
my phone died! ill try doing what we talked about!!!
Shes The High Priestess
I've been having one of those days for about 2 years now. It sucks.
god no. Im the "man of honor" on my sisters side. So maid of monor but with a penis.
Great tribute and “: RIP MCA..."
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions. -- Lou Holtz
. I agree! Has to be a conversation.
im dating him and da words below are my signature cause im on myy phone . *I Love Aaron*
At the "Genuine Ken" screening with the rest of the cast and even Whitney's lovely parents:) Can't wait for you guys to see this show!!!
I seen you cuz, very unscumbag like. ": Damn I'm around nerds for all of 20 minutes and I think Twitter simpin' is cool ...wtf"
I think you may have hallucinated it.
picking up my favorite pup in the world!!!! Mr. Wilson from getting his hair cut. :)
Wow. Actually exactly that, yes.
Is it weird that I sometimes find people with a little rosacea kinda #cute?? Who doesn't love rosey cheeks??
its weird how you can go from knowing everything about someone to barely speaking to them..
I'm watching here.
Shout out to the ROTUNDA Building 7th floor CREW for buying 9 containers of BESTO PESTO. PEACE and FEAST.
Some people may not agree with my choices, but that's the point.. They're MY choices. Don't worry ab what I'm doing & take care of yourself.
It's funny how people didn't bully me before, and now they do. hm... :'(
WHEW HEW!!! doggie duty is over... for today. Children out of school early and Tory can now take care of her little mutt... (lovehimthough)
How was it?
And you should know that I missed you so, so bad
#FreeFoodStamps mean deep freezer sales about to sky rocket
cant waiitttt;) bring him to the dance fridayy
also... 4/4 is my birthday, an announcement would be a superb bday present.
I Bet You A Turtle You Won't Tweet Me.:)
Well... We have to do duo impromptus is forensics, I thought I was done after singles. Shit...
yu're my look crush , he's my sex crush .
I've been a fan since Clueless,Road Trip was awesome and your new series is GREAT! Question:Amy Smarts boobs scale of 1 to 10?
#NowPlaying "Special" - The Game
subbotnik In Soviet Union, practice or act of working voluntarily on a Saturday, for the benefit of the collective
good luck! If you want to move to detroit I could put you in touch with investors, but I'm sure you don't want to do that :)
Fuck it, forcin myself to sleep even though im wide awake..
Headed out to do some anti-black-Friday activities, including some geocaching!
Ask about Richie & punch him in his vagina
DWStweets Romney thinks corporations are people—and now he says banks are feeling same pain as underwater homeowners.
Gonna forget all my worries thru lots of rotations of a circular plate and jumping around like a monkey at approximately 133 bpm.
Nyjer Morgan quit on that ball. Dive, you get paid millions. BUT I will take it!
I feel like sobbing.
Nov 27th - Old Fashioned #Christmas celebration - Parade 12:30PM followed by activities and Santa - 5:30PM tree lighting at City Hall.
Ok so TUSD is being really stupid they want to cut the music programs from schools and the only thing thats keeping the grades up in the ...
What makes sports great? Screaming yourself hoarse with your wife, mom-in-law and 54,088 of your closest friends at the Dome! Win #Twins!
If you are in Chicago make a point to go to the Art Institute's new Modern Wing, and pack a lunch. It lives up to the hype.
Listening to some Soulja Boy and acting gangsterr. I'm on that #swag ;)
all head exercises lol
Happy Earth Day!
are they good? I just want some because they are called Yoko's.
RT - Im dancing n my miami dolphins jersey n pannnnntieeees !! Hehe
And then there's me,a brown skinned chubby quiet ignorant tall azz nigga(for a 14 year old)
Good Afternoon Stinky Fans!!! Hope you all had a great weekend, Today is National Zucchini Day! Enjoy some bread and Stinky today :0
FYI: DEREK JETER KNOWS ME AS: MRS. MORGAN'S DAUGHTER HE DONT KNOW ME BY MY GOVERNMENT NAME
should've led with Clippers....
that is really unfortunate. Simple subtraction and she didn't know the answer.
Dostoevsky, by far.
god i want shoulder tats.. :-)
Happy May Day everyone! April showers bring May sausages.
I need answers DAMMIT LIKE
It's quite effective.
Well at least you've got standards.
Fantastic dreams about animal-like creatures,.winged turtles,singing cows,, robotic-pigs and rabbits...
dang mad respect for #daughters nas! but is it aite if some of us are still on STILLmatic? haha!
There's no need to blush. Unless u get to see whats under my zipper... ;)
"The way i look at it if he pokes me on facebook he wants to get married and have kids with me"
RT : "It<U+0092>s not what you are that holds you back, it<U+0092>s what you think you are not." - Denis Waitley
I agree. Costa Rica has got nothing on the
The PBWIFF is taking a hiatus. Check back in 2013. Thanks to everyone who made it our first year a success. Stay tuned......
My cousin just told me to write to Ellen and tell her my story
Been absent lately as I took 2nd job, the 1%er who employed hubby got caught w/ hand in cookie jar and job went bye-bye.
I'll have to check on the "live" part.Will it happen at 10pm Friday? Are you ready for the event? :-)
has #swagg like no other
you're welcome: )
Happy 235th Birthday America!
I'll be sitting here for ever following all of ' followers, LMFAO. Tell your followers about me! <3
Paragon Shipping Announces Availability Of Its Annual Report On Form 20-F
What a great luau celebration. Welcome to the #SWE Hawaiian Islands section
think positive lil ladyu got your closest&bestest spending time with u on your Bday! The world cant go on with TinaB being sad :(
My mango addiction is getting out of hand.
I'm fucking pathetic
Renfields tonight at 123 Pleasent Street! Come and get molested by the Fiend!
Reading #unlimited it's amazing
Thanks Qui I'm trying
Just Finished Designing The #BrickSquad Special Edition #HoodPromoDVDMagazine Cover
Happy post-holiday unMonday!
Mission Pack Space Food Sampler with Astronaut Ice Cream and Space Food Sticks
You remember "the chew rule" too?
Listening to #FrankSinatra this Sunday morning....on my way to work. :P Oh yeah.... #HappyEaster!
Amen, sista wee! That perpetual dumb/wide-eyed expression. Ugh. I can't wait til that show is cancelled five weeks in.
Has never been so excited to go to sleep.
": #halelujuuer !!! She got her own car she got her own house ! #hoodrich for Eva Eva."<--and that's why I love my girl!
Thank you....and I have no idea...try searching by name Gary Christopher...
Finally found my prom dress!
you know we are :) (kendall) oh yeah
About to play temple run.
Jeff Narvid, director of learning/development , -- Learned that sometimes REALLY smart people don't get it... or maybe they do?
Makes perfect sense!
Favorite Josh friendship: Josh & Victoria Justice.
this Champ life is good
Practically gave me heart phailure
NO i haven't watched it yet!!!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1O,O followers... Follow --> () and she will get you up there instantly!
Judging by the savages ripping bed,bath,beyond apart, NYC is done for
Jesus taught that although John the Baptist was not Elijah, that he did fulfill the prophecy that Elijah would return.
To all of our friends and customers, we hope you all had a great easter weekend.
Damn i dont want to go to school but fuck i hate missing shit
Turns out that quality time with the flat iron this morning was not time well spent.
No :( how .shxidjjed. Just how. Patriots, come on )':
Yeah go ahead. Lol
#thelyinggame And how long has Sutton known? Is being a sociopath genetic?
Celebrate the flavors of Fall with our Pumpkin Spice doughnut!
Busy reference desk shift. Folks still looking for textbooks and lots looking for language software must add to purchase list
Keep an eye on Channel 4 News this evening for some #kegride coverage.
Who do you feel is most talented in today's music?
Hey dude, how'd the half-marathon go? I stumbled across the line at 2:26.
we are both going to a wtp date! amanda on the 14th and brooke on the 16th! :) we both have vip too! :)
I didn't know you were offering premium themes... Links?
Maybe if I put pants on and actually went out and did something today I'd be less pissed off.
need 5tb data mobility solution. cost effective access that will grow 1tb per month, then weekly by 2013. frack me!
Yay! RT : Great class at with ! I really needed that.
There's a college in Maine!?
Nordo! Can I still call you that, even though it's not your name anymore? :)
Likewise. It's hard to believe Adam Yauch's death was less than a week ago.
i still turn to you. <U+2665>
wish I knew you were in Baltimore, I would ha ve bought you a pint to go w/ that crab cake!
check yo email. i sent u like 16tags. use them all wit dif beats or save sum and throw away the rest. w/e u wanna do wit em lol
This is funny! Live documentary!
2day is all about driver license, license plate, car registration, n dealing w/people who apparently don't shower b4 starting d day
without obamacare I have to continue to pay for their medical care. Can you propose a fix before throwing out this one?
Check in to on Foursquare during the game tonight for a free coozie to keep your $1 Beers cold!
Started Run with at 11:16 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Head of Miami Dade schools-we need to be learning tech and information. A school librarian can help with this!
what time u get off?
Seriously. I thought I was a slow writer in English. Four paragraphs in French is taking forever.
Would love to see some more beautiful pictures of Lyons again. Anyone interested in posting some?
My heart fluttered seeing the preview on for the new season of #SweetGenius. Sweet Genius Host = Robert Blake in Lost Highway?
Great weekend w/ family in Fondy. Had a fantastic Saturday dinner at Schwarz Supper Club & visited Lighthouse Christian Church 2day.
You think you're smart? Your friends r smart? Get your best peeps and join us Wednesday night for the battle of brains. 8pm, Geek Pub Quiz
watching Game 5 of the 1986 NLCS Mets/Stros on MLBN, Doc Gooden/Nolan Ryan, what a game, what a team
#OoooOhhhHhh RT : Dying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : *eric griffin noise* that is all
Gorillaz - Do ya thing
#AskObama Can you lower trademark fees for small businesses? Maybe from $375 to $50 dollars for one year. Innovation starter.
Every so often, someone asks how Mark and I are related.
can the BOGO passes be gifts? Can't figure out how on the website -- "assigns" tickets to me.
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x10
. won't be the same w/o Beadle or Cowherd. They're the best thing about ESPN *tear* cc:
is still lol'n at Nick's quote of the day, after vacuuming the stairs, "When you walk up & down the stairs, do you just pull your hair out?"
Beyond bored. Somebody text me or something
maybe it's an Anaheim curse this year.
Its time for bed. I'm leaving in the a.m.
Looking for a #TacoTuesday in #SanDiego What are your favorite suggestions my beautiful San Diegans!?!?!?
I'm not loving the Jordan bashing from Dani with Kalia #BB13, of course...we love throwing j/j under the bus....sheesh
hey gorgeous
The Giants need to run the Annexation of Puerto Rico. Best play in the book.
not if u have the MVP on ur team! Dwade will never win a MVP!
Plume huh
This weather is tricky
Frederic Haber from Copyright Clearance Center. The C not a registry but a licensing agency "we hope we can help"
Its Only A matter OF Time
I'm bringing my Mom tomorrow morning! So excited!! See you soon!
just a way of saying we appreciate your interest and support and you hitting us up to chat.
Thanks to actress/author Victoria Rowell and attendees for a wonderful discussion at today’s Lunchtime with a Soap Opera Diva!
That sounds yummy! Enjoy RT Oatmeal with fresh blueberries and egg white spinach omelet for breakfast! Yumm!
You know someday Blanket Jackson and Apple (whatever the last name is---gwyneth paltrow's kid) are going to have a sit down and say WTF?!
Reach the climax .
what is twitter fox
The Wine Lover site & the units behind it are for Sale. If you have interest contact me
That would put a smile on some Google engineer's face.
Heavy rains predicted here. Good 4 the grass & clear the air of pollen. But apple tree in full bloom will probably lose most of its flowers.
This #EarthDay, US needs to unearth her natural resources: gas, #oil, #shale, #coal. #EnergyIndependence for America! RT
Chillin' in the apt … still trying to figure out the best way to organize my time. ;)
I think Stephen Hawking and Howard Zinn are my favorites.
Last song on radio before I got out the car: Flyover States - Jason Aldean. First song that pops up on Pandora: Flyover States: Jason Aldean
Daymond is ALWAYS telling people to hold up so he can say "I'm Out"
Im looking for Plays that are ready to be produced. Put a package together, fund is fully financed. let me know if u have something.
Surgeon in the elevator looks at me says nice big watch Doc, I said TY I'm not a Doc but yah its Dolce & Gabana with Sworovski Crystal
What a joke! ": Gets paid to write about sports ----> RT : Wait, "fighting ducks"? Really?"
and I love you, Tiffany.
"He's definitely thug-not"....hahahah
looking for another marathon to run?
Iris needs work...but it's a start. It was created by Dexetra in 8 hours. Hopefully they keep at it.
fuck you, how was i supposed to know timberlands would ban me from the club
Im'a wise young man. Getting wiser as time passes.
Unless you're a Laker fan lol. RT : Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!
we should compare notes ;-P
Let's keep in touch... would be cool.
Fuck that!!! Rofl :) go get the laptop! :)
Congratulations to the 10 Lucky Drawing Winners for the Free Ebook 'The EZ Guide To Successfully Achieving Your Goals'!
thanks Kassi! Unfortunately not, but I hope to meet you soon! :)
Family vacation is soon coming to an end. It was great having you all visit,whoody,pops and pig! Love you all!
use incremental affirmations "I'm in the process...
Exhausted after 8+ hours at the Book Festival--and more drama with our car!--over the past two days!
Oh wow - you are close! Thanks for the follow!
[7 - 1] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 5th inning. Houston Astros 7, Milwaukee Brewers 1
thanks for following me back :)
One's playing with Legos and I'm jealous.
Findlay sounds like my kinda place!
. Not at all...Research Reports are an essential tool that's missing from most software; software is individually based
City facing cuts on all sides - McMinnville News-Register City facing cuts on all sides McMinnville News-Register It calls for reducing t
Thanks for the Love :) We also have cake plates, servers, dessert trays, and cupcake stands! #Weddings &
“: I'm BSHU at the yard tonight” That's a lot of responsibility but I'm sure your representing us well.
Learn from the expert about how to navigate and understand healthcare changes and health insurance Order your book today 1 888 272 6110
proof. so they would have to prove that he was legally responsible for whatever they end up charging him with - we will
We need more spontaneous dance numbers.
Wow. It's a good thing our talk about microbes and carnivores didn't take any musical digressions!
Doh, I didn't think of the kittens! Or the puppies! Back to the drawing board...
amazop[;;; 1mk - HAPPY HUMPDAY FROM SHAYNA my in-laws cat- what is it about cats n computers-why do they love to walk on them??\\\WQQ2ERRD
Big things happening in Private beta. Getting a lot of good feedback.
We have a 42" LCD TV up for auction later tonight! Go over to www.DealShow.com now to get in on the action!
I'm in a workshop today with just in case you didn't already know .... She is brilliant:)
On 3/15/2012, City Council passed an ordinance installing safeguards against predatory tax preparers. Be careful as you finalize your taxes!
Getting ready to see Bat Boy (again) at
lol, sweet. I'll try to be #DTF more often then! Haha “: #dtf lmao!! Its ok I'll give you heads up next time ;)”
Just live free
Sittin here with someone who tellin me use to run the street hockey game . Dual sport athlete
A fitting rage.
Headaches are REALLY getting old! :(
Gracias! Love you! RT : Happy V Day!
DWIGHT HOWARD NEED 2 TAKE A PAGE OUT OF LEBRON'S BOOK AND TAKE HIS TALENTS ELSEWHERE F" BEEING THE MOST LOVED PLAYER
considering both of them are adoreable gingers? Yes, yes I am. ;D
Lol. Going to WC just seems like something you would do...
Felt so good to lay out by the pool! Round 2 tomorrow
Netflix on my ps3! Life=complete
CONGRATS! What's the position?
My window just broke.
Happy Birthday ! I love #patd and you! Hope you big 25 kiss amazing!!!
Yeah, are looking to get into producing and engineering? and I are partners
#Buffalo #NY native PAUL SAFY, JR. to guest star w/ #Rochester #NY native TERESE GENECCO at The Iridium NYC this Tues 2/21!
guess what I'm eating?!? WHATABURGER! :D you jelly Sarah? :D
#twittertools FollowCost: How annoying will it be to follow “username” on Twitter? Follow Cost measures how much people tweet.
It's beginning! Angie Kelley from gives background on
crazy bitches.
The truth doesn't make sense, the truth doesn't seem to make sense.
From what? ):
#Madonna put on a great #halftime show :)
We're coming to LA for a mini-tour at the end of the month. Stay tuned for details!
when i fall asleep i feel you with me. until i fall asleep and you are with me..
RT If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence -
I need that instruction manual on how u twisted that man put another one on top..trill shit
i'm an observer, sit back and let people discuss/argue is the way to go until i figure out the best approach. ALWAYS PR. duh.
Haha, sassy end to your pitch, very nice. Good luck! Great idea!
"Don't waist yourself in rejection or bark against the bad but chant the beauty of the good" ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
My pleasure - have a nice weekend!
"Heaven and Earth shall pass away" means they will not always exist as separate states. ACIM. THAT is what's happening in 2012 :)
I'm about to fall out of my chair 'cause of how tired I am.
Journalism, like other peculiar defects tends to run in families.
This morning I've got yummy House Blend and Costa Rican :) New artist Rafael Picon is amazing.
Thanksgiving is over, but our giving thanks certainly is not! We signed the lease and will be moving our studio in December!
glad you liked and are looking forward to the others. I'm excited to know a Ukelele player. :)
I'm watching The #PaulyDProject tonight on !! Of course :)
Love a productive monday where it's nearly 5 o'clock before I have a chance to look at the time, the best is yet to come!
Great afternoon of meetings yesterday w/ a potential PHC advisory board member & then partner. Exciting developments!
Happy Friday! Buy one Egg McMuffin and get another for FREE!
i just want to get as far away from here as i can
714 S 4th Street, 4th and Gass. Still downtown and so glad!
Mac miller and twitter waiting on
MT : Felony bribery charges added against #SUHSD boardmembers Ricasa & Quinones. Time for them 2 resign!
just inbox me ya number I FedEx to lol
right back at ya! Are you a #modelUN fan? #delegate?
Anyone have any thoughts to share on outsourcing a CTO?
Scoop up some for me ha
Clients are back from sailing on the new Disney Dream. Say they have turned into Disney snobs!
RT follow me thanks. Find me @ iamhealthyhair
awh man :( I wish I could give you a hugee hug smelly!
What to do? Ontological crises (a little deliberation and technology) or the joint session?
follow me back:)
rigging it hard for the#cHeat to win huh?
they said the wait was 30, but we just sat at the bar.
at least you're cute
are you still on the bus ?
So what's the alternative? A lot of people only have debit cards, & don't feel safe carrying cash.
YES! LOVELY meeting you and other WONDERFUL #GlutenFree #GF Peeps
Here's what I think: Apple will introduce an iTunes store for traditional print media.
the beginning/is for those that sleep
BOUNCE THAT BOOTY LIKE A SOCCER BALL !!!
ok now to the ranting!
There's some really serious lightning outside. Kind of dangerous.
#YouWereCuteUntil someone tagged u in their Facebook pic.
Already out. Made the 2nd best hand 4 times. Aj<a9 on aq9 to bust. Final shell Tom.
Dare I say...a "rapper's rupture"? And "danger"—how?
Your avatar is gorgeous!
Camping Lets You Experience What It’s Like Being Homeless Without Having Personal Commitment To The Lifestyle…
congrats on the new gig! Naughty!
It's like you know she with the roc , J.Cole ...
I can care less about there expectations.
Excited to be moving into my first house in Plainfield! Living with my brother is a different story lol
Rolling blackouts hittin the office today, I guess its just a foreshadowing of my weekend ahead in #ATX and our inevitable
goodnight handsome<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> love you!!<3
Thanks so much guys for playing freaking outta your skin at the ! Best live performance I've seen in a while :)
RT : You know what's awesome? Open Source.
I just want to stop feeling this way
RT : Josh Hamilton is 16th player in MLB history with 4-HR game; all 4 were 2-run shots with Elvis Andrus on base.
that was after it came out on the PC :)
Early meetings mean back to back I guess I could get used to this.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. ~Aristotle | Couldn't have said it better ourselves!
Baby I'm ready to fall, but what about you??
After class tonight someone told us......"That was so much fun - your energy is infectious." This made us smile ear to ear!! THANK YOU!
me too
Going to be heading to good ol' West Virginia soon
Who's Still In Lawrence?
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen. ~ La Rochefoucauld
Chachi got OWNED. Ouch
#ThoughtsDuringSchool i wish i was rich
Happy Reshaping! What are you doing today to be healthy???
Literally not worth your time
Bought my cousin the best squirt gun today .. Then I bought another one so we could have a squirt gun fight lol
classier than a box. That's my personal preference. Haha
Not sure what Diablo is but it must be something good! Congratulations!?! Sounds like a brand of tequila....
Clearly you are not playing on your phone, with only your finger.
Huge baseball news - no no-hitters streak has been extended by the Mets!
Happy Birthday to my 1 only child Wendell Russell Jr. I love you son and today we will create memories at the Zoo.
Now you have my attention. :)
Is up drinking water. I haven't smoked since July I hope I pass this
"It's not beautiful but somehow beautiful I find myself in a beautiful place I believe I'll lose my soul" Why isn't it getting easier
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page ill follow. Back
"Half the #Truth is often a great lie." - Benjamin Franklin
Don't play hard to get, play hard to forget.
I really need a vacation... So tired
naw... but dammn its time for me to go back to class
dang. mark your calendar for March 8th :)
lol, i'm having so much fun w/ twitter! my profile is @ the japanese gardens in bsas, and my background is at the beach in bsas!
Do you mind if I join the fight?
Taking a bath
ok thanks...let me know when u hear it
Faded way to long, I'm floating in n out of conciousness
Good morning Jennifer. Remember me? This is #karma! 7 year itch?!? I guess the 3rd time around isn't a charm for #J.Lo... poor thing...
Work up this morning not expecting to end up in a hospital bed
Need to find something to do tonight!
I'm here-text me after you're settled. I will probably be at Yay!
Im cashing in on my weekly nap today. Too tired.
Schneble's public speaking idea: students create paper bag puppets & then present in the 3rd person.
But first, they must be allowed to do their job. Carjackings kidnappings & killings have resumed
Ring in the New Year with me at Ginger Bay Cafe .....December 31, 2010. Live performance Mystic Soul featuring Gumption Band.
Thanks for using it. We'll see if we can speed it up!
My advice to restaurant owners, start with the most popular social media websites around – Facebook, MySpace, Multiply, etc....
maybe they could just let you borrow it for a week or two now :)
don't take it to heart
There is nothing more terrifying than stark whiteness of the blank page.
Iroquois senior Montez Buford signed with Rend Lake Junior College in Ina Illinois this afternoon.
Author Shonna Milliken Humphrey speaks about her new book "Show Me Good Land" at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today! 12-1pm in the Rines!
sounds like my ideal day! Plus I'd probably be knitting...
About to watch The Addams Family and blk out!!<U+270C>GN
Thad Matta looks like he's playing
is back from a FANTASTIC trip to Montana - Glacier National park. Yah for National Park vacations.
But I assume the Rays favorite it Luke Skywalker?
hahaha and you did. I didn't realize how old that episode is!
#np Life's too short gotta live it long
just finished what may have been there best ever. Now it is time to check out
Holy -- what the hell happened to twitter while I was away? "New-New Twitter"?
Ugh! I just want to watch the rest of My Life As Liz, stupid slow computer!
remember those boys on the stairs? yeah, i miss them too.
Hey fans! and Poison announced their show here today! Tickets go on sale next Friday on for the...
this is such a beautiful picture, I absolutely love it :D
": #BUILDBrands #ONEofONE coming soon....Ladies Pay Attention..."
drop to the floor make that ass shake make the ground move thats an ass quake ,roll my weed on it thats an ass tray
I just got my free appetizer in Bricktown thank you for the nachos!!!
Walking to janaes, it's so nice out ( :
. on the power of #SocialMedia: "You shape your own voice. You create the image that you want people to know..."
much respect my friend
Planes? They don't wait! On the road now, headed north to Green Bay...
[talking from experience] When a girls pics are all her puckering a kiss = her trying to hide her chubby face #FACT JUST SMILE!!!
Great job on teaching us #marketers about 'The Change Formula' at
A guy who really loves u, sees what a mess u can be, how moody u can get,&how hard u are to handle,but, still wants u in his life.
seems like a nice enough fellow.
pan noodles with steak or the chicken noodle soup :)
U knw dem boyz #SK and dem girls r
you're not Canadian
We recently launched new Variety of Music page, visit www.tncnews.com
indeed I should.
Thanks for the mention!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..IM NOT GOING TO STOP TRYING..BUT I DON'T WANT TO SPAM YOU!!:(
I told dude I have a power strip in my bag too. That's just good *Camp etiquette though.
ILL send them to you love!
Really, it's a glorified calculator for cite. It's only good if u have an idea of what the answer is sposed to be.
Colleen better not be driving...
Many thanks for following - glad to be able to learn with and from you!
Tom Sheridan at Gathering. Politics is about passion. Need policy, politics and press. If your hair's on fire, don't pretend it isn't.
RT : RT : RT : We're proud to announce our new Webinar sponsor, Rimm-Kaufman Group
The awkward moment when you open the test and can't even answer the first question.
Between 14" of snow here and Internet blackout day, it's gonna be a quiet day today. . .
is anyone using Windows 7? Pretty solid system...
how u gone #FREE some1 u dont even know!!!! u dont even know what jail they in, u aint putting $ on they books! #STOP tryna be down!
phew wee ! :p
pickles needs to learn how to rotate. That selfish bitch.
Ha no worries! We're chillin at the table at the far right when you walk in.
#FridayFightAgainst cancer my friends auntdied when she was 10 with ovarian canceran it'sreally sad please pray for her?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Since both Claver/Freeland were drafted more than 3 years ago, rookie scale no longer applies. Have to use space to sign.
Sorry about the site being down, its back up now.
Next charity coming soon! Stay tooned. Invite all your friends to follow and help us help others.
BTW, follow for more Latin Music Fest coverage than you can handle tomorrow.
Sometimes life sends you these little gifts disguised as mishaps or mistakes. I think the answer is to embrace them use them.
I don't love that multiple pigeons keep landing around me and/or sprinting in my direction. Like roughly a million of them.
Is it just me or does Pitbull look like a pervert?
who song on the radio?
hit'n corners hard... fuck a lost cause...
Everyone is beautiful in their own secret ways <3 You just have to care enough to dig in & find it .
shout out to for saying yes lol.. I love you!
what is the one piece advice that you think is invaluable for a new band?
Some Kinda Hate.
I may just have to stop in sometime this weekend. Thanks for the welcoming.
WHAT UP FAM! FOLLOW BACK
via - Real-Life Stranger On A Train Less Interesting Than Hitchcock Version
oops. I meant to say gross. Better options were available.
yes I know nothing - picking up Need more info for sure
If Christ rose again he'd be ashamed of Perry and the way his "followers" oppress & hate gays. There's nothin christian about it.
first hand knowledge?
Back in the gym tonight...felt good.
I just keep listening to Red House Painters.
no mad planet?!
Listening to "Siberian breaks" by MGMT. go listen!
Thankful for people donating blankets, hats, gloves and scarves- even some beautiful hand-knitted ones!
“: good morning!!!”GM! have a nice day!
This is by far the best weekend <3
Early zoo at the with Fitting isn't it?! Cheetahs and flamingos!
when companies don't have a plan for using social media
RE Saudi's id'ing gays & tomboys: independent, in-depth, investigation by a voluntary Committee of Sheiks?
cold? This time tomorrow cold beer will be a luxury for the ultrawealthy and the survivalists.
has genital warts
followed him, he seems cool! :)
why do i know every word to "my humps"
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1960 #RoyOrbison recorded "Only the Lonely."
Digging jazz and reading through 's blog today. If only my music history teacher had based her class on The Rest is Noise.
Renovate Paint and Design - get a free estimate before the holidays: San Antonio, New Braunfels, Fair Oaks, Schertz, all areas in between
Up to early for a Saturday
An issue of me doesn't have arms, but you can take me wherever you go! Way better than a hug!
Good thing you walk to work :)
": Thrilled to hear that 90210 will be returning to the CW for season 5. Congrats, everybody!" oh Shit!!!!!
I have, but don't know them and am turning them down!
I have actually met "Da Truth".
Just realized because of the early call time I'll get food twice before breakfast is stopped...meaning
Missing my teddy bear at night
Thanks!! We tip our hats to & !
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a victim's life spiraling out of control.
Do people think joining the mile high club by yourself still counts? Perhaps why they still sell stroke mags in the gift shop though?
#JoshHamilton should always hit 3 hrs a night, I expect more
Jeremy Lin is done for the season with a torn meniscus in his left knee
I miss you too!!
Good question, but he really dun fucked up on that post.. He must have lost it.
This explains why we have so many stupid leaders
but yet i still have to go restroom
Woot! My 600th tweet!! Preparing for #Italy by listening to a hilarious Berlitz conversational Italian CD during my commute. Learning lots!
Hafner starts off the bottom of the 9th with a solid double to center field.
no offense piers but perhaps u are pissed? I find our us footy so dead boring lol
#Smash is so inspiring. Now to find a celebrity with a peanut allergy to understudy.
I do that to myself all the time! haha good luck!!
thanks for helping promote
Department of monumental expectations and minute allocations-tech depts of most schools. Go to cloud.
Snow in the mile high...not gonna stop me.
I fucking hate this school....! We need a bomb threat...
RT : Just got ebook for #SAP #HANA Essentials #ebook from Looks AWESOME. To tomorrow > Thx for mention!
heck yes I remember our Philly road trip. Name as many colleges and universities in the state of Nebraska, GO!
Why does think I need a Brazilian wax?
please can we do that share recipe thing?
#EveryDayIThinkAbout how great God is and how incredible it is that He loves everyone no matter what! I am so grateful for His grace.
Its a good time
Feeling crappy, woke up with a #summercold :( thank goodness for Aleve-D!
thanks for the invite lol
Keep your eyes open...
I'm sorry; I was simply using you. For jerky.
i mean, it was aight... i just thought it just missed slightly what they were going for
That's so crazy! I seriously saw THREE on my way to work today.
OMG! I have so much going on. Some of it good which is awesome, the rest overwhelming. I'm exhausted & nowhere near done. Time for wine!
what's up ?
Happy 4/20! May the smoke be with you
Excited to hear you will be speaking at MAC 2012
The day I stop loving her is the day I stop breathing.
. = They are whatever we want them to be. DISCUSS.
thanks u all!!!
hw does he tweet
I have a blister on the back of my ankle and it's rubbing against my cast.
fails to mention who did the study.
I FEEL ALIL BETTER 2DAY ATM, HOPEFULLY I DONT FALL DOWN, BUT IM HAPPY AND ANXIOUS, AND A BUNCH OF OTHER EMOTIONS
I think the main thing we can do is protest the damage being done. If you have kids, opt-out of state tests, demonstrate...
As long as we can be crazy together im down....
haha thanks. they err toward frida kahlo sometimes but I love em anyway.
WORD!!! RT : I know may feel a bit bullied atm. But we appreciate it =')
State Police in Puerto Vallarta carry assult rifles across their chests. Just sayin.
Ken Burns' "Jeremy Renner's Arms"
just got back from Africa, and watched your fight against Ortiz! Discipline is paramount!!
“: #np ring the alarm x beyonce thinkin really? Is a nigga worth all that???” I'll be damned if I see another chick on his arm
Can't believe you bail on me when right when I get off!
Grades went in today so im cool , c/o 2013 : )
Fire still out of control, luckily I got in and got my dog out of the house. Hopefully we have a home tomorrow morning.
Problem is, EVERYONE is a draft EXPERT! LOL
anytime :D
I've been drinking rum every day since I got here.
Excellent! Glad we could provide it!
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Chipotle always wins. ALWAYS.
that's what you get for talking shit on Mike Aviles
That's pretty awesome (auto-pilot). Unfortunately the images aren't fully loading before switching states on my pc
live my life with no regrets i try 2 show respect but u dont give it
RT : So afraid to love you, but more afraid to lose. Clinging to a past that doesn't let me chose. - Sarah McLachlan
tell me you're not going to root for Tom Brady and the Hood!
Sterling Archer>>
My grandma is all like "Oh Dain shouldnt go cuse he will have more opportunities to travel when he's older."
Good afternoon to our new followers:
how naive we r 2 thnk we must know all WRT U.S. international matters. #wikileaks is wrong to publish & lacks wisdom. What good will come?
Were at a were fab location of course people! What do you take me for?
Can't even relax on my last day of break. Shit
Hi Minna! For exhibit, I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about Africa. May I get in touch by email?
If u follow us make sure to follow the person who unified us :) She's a lover of and she's
taking a well needed nap
Silver Halide Film: Life Expectancy 500 years Gives the highest resolution of microfilm mediums
Come dance w. me haha
when that happens to me, MASS DELETE and 'if I need to know i can find the archive online' . V relieving, tho a bit scary.
Well behaved woman rarely make history.
im a perfect kisser :) ask ya hoe
Thanks so much for following me! I'll be watching for your tweets!
Thanks for the kind #FF , and right back atcha!
My team didn't win the entrepreneurship completion but we did a damn good job!
Countries that celebrate #StGeorgesDay include England, Canada, Herzegovina, Portugal, Cyprus, Greece, Georgia, & Serbia.
He's a linebacker for Baltimore Ravens.
God, I love you and everything, but stop playing with your white laser light
So tired tho
Anyone else awake at 2:30 am? Just me. Okay
When you loose trust, and can never look at that person the same way again.
Rough day already. Would love nothing more than to cram about 5 cupcakes into my face-hole, thank you.
New Pitbull - Back in Time only on NOW!
I do. But you act like we ever get out of work on time.
Whattheheck.. colton got voted off on American Idol.. Hey Jesus, i'm on my way :p you got big things in store, just trust God <3
I'm in a period of enlightenment......
how we didn't get caught, I'll never know
Why does this ProTools bounce countdown feel like its moving slower than actual time?
The age-old theory in warfare is that the best place to be is the high ground, from which you can see and attack your enemies.
Taking and to SNL this weekend. Thanks to boys for hooking us up!
vote for Indonesia so Austin can have a concert here :')
someone got robbed at gunpoint Monday morning in Utica square. Guess its not so fancy after all.
": good luck."~Thanks good brother! 06!
You should have given him a good boot in the old piss pump.
time for sat studying
hey that's on my todo list as well ;)
will be on Conan tonight at 11/10c
Our Clark County Store is bursting at the seams with BRAND NEW CABINETS!
10 miles! Keep it up and hopefully you'll do awesome in the C-bus marathon!
Been thinking about you lately. Hope all is well.
LOL, been there, done that. so embarassing :/
How about TNT with a 'Mic'd Up' segment with Bynum and Gasol on the bench, while their teammates are in the locker room?
The folks ( in particular) stocked our fridge with like 12 varietal microbrews. To future clients: the bar has been set.
Go ahead girl, be used by God! ;)
RT : S/O to ppl that's loyal to me... just never Fuck me over in any business and EVERYTHING will be good. #FenessEnt the company
Obamanomics is a Ponzi Scheme. Spend now and leave the next generation to pay the bill.
Foo Fighters are playing. I'm having a 90's day. Now all I need is a poncho
Ha! That is pretty crazy. "They" certainly have some interesting marketing tactics..
this night is sparkling don't you let it go
Coming from 85 and warm to low 70s and fog
Heard on : Inmates will get brunch on the weekends & holidays in IL prisons. Thoughts?
Great open house this past weekend
All of the drums are finished for the new album!!! Woo hoooo!!!!
Shut the fuck up about the damn bad girls club DAMN , it's a Fucking SHOW .
Use Code: NOEL20 and get 20% off your order! Happy Shopping! www.cafepress/cajoneswear
Looks like web and email host for my site is down. I'll post again when service is restored. Alternate email . ::sigh::
I love you
What's your favorite movie?
im not good enough for yo family anyways...
...how u been bro...we gotta catch up man !! i know you doin big things !
I hear ya. Tomorrows gonna be a woosey for my gallbladder! worth every bite!
Thank you .
i'm sick of thdominat0r. what should i change my username to...
Are you doing a Cash Mob?
I've had twinkly eyes all day mate :-))))))
It will be interesting to watch National attention to Assisted Living regulations
IT'S OKAY. I'm still about 4 states behind.. BUT I'LL BE THERE! ;)
Never Dutch oven the ride office green room with Rachel. Every Scott that works for the ride WILL walk in all at the exact same time.
Alexito is houngry. Who has my breakfast!!??!
Tip of the day: if you tell someone that you love the shit out of them always remember to let them know that its in the least shittiest ...
Any other day of my life I can't STAND sleeping with socks on but when I'm sick, it's like heaven! Sweet dreams.....hopefully :) nite!
Wrapping up "In Plain Sight" in the South Valley. Man it was cold out there but good job guys.
Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor! Happy travels!
HATE AND LOVE THERE REALLY IS A THIN LINE THERE
bailey anderson from the dance crew rng <U+270C>
I'm jealous! I can have all the salad I can eat, but no wine for over 20 years now, and I still miss it, especially w/ dinner!
Glad to hear you both are kicking it into high gear before the holidays!
I've had an ad for a $79 Fender Starcaster electric guitar open all day...staring at me...judging me...waiting for me to rock...
S/O too my new follower
its ok, they will get it next time, hater
Came to the conclusion I cant spell commission...lets try this again. HappyHour 5/3 530-730 @ Clydes ChevyChase Be There =)
This last weeks in schools are probably the most stressful days for me
How many porters does it take to valet a car with a manual transmission? 3, apparently!
Thanks. Now go rest those fingers.
What is even happening? It has to be a midlife crisis just because of my age? Then you may as well call me BiPoLAr as if
I know that you meant to follow me back, just reminding you. hehe
i really don't know where we stand....
sitting on my throne and lovin it
I know! I was very happy to discover this after I spent hours looking up stuff on Viva after the Lions Love screening.
Want to know more about the arts in Cville? Follow !
I'm done with West from Appomattox, and will be more than happy to pass it on to you tomorrow.
especially when its someone important to you
Good Friday morning everybody! Have an awesome ass day and weekend!
Hm. You almost had a cocky moment there. :P
Thnx 4 following! Check out AgooBiz to connect w/ #SmallBusiness users, sell your products, #blog, & reach more markets.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed lmao i wanna see whose down to name them
I WOULD RUN AWAY OKAY
..who's your tour manager??
Angélica will air on PuertoRicam Panorama 6abc-TV this coming Saturday at 1:00 p.m. Please, let your friends know Thanks
oh forsureee well let me know when you'll be this way and we can set something up.. I'll draw you up something nice
Jamila's here.
thank you! Can't wait to get these in the webstore
I totally forgot them... Was on the bus and realized this. Was in a rush! Bringing them in Friday.
If & 's Internet Title match gets put on the pre-show, you can bet I'll be yellin #areyouseriousbro ?!?!
Started reading Tina Fey's Bossypants on my lunch break and almost didn't go back to work.
so, Sprint it is? lol
Don't get me started on Passages and how they can brainwash families
Football then a long ass practice . Then we are getting shit faced :)
why not haha
Fts ! Take Yo Ass Home Den Nd I Was Just Finna Get Her Back !
However that lead singer that Slash uses, is not even close to doing Axl Rose or the GnR songs justice.
LOVE FOOTBALL SEASON! LETS GO GIANTS!
Again the whole 5 star restaurant....
Tomorrow is already successful beyond my wildest dreams! Thanks to EVERYONE for the amazing help! Especially w/o whom GAAD=nothing
Very cool newsletter Michael!
Well your a bitch and no one likes you so go away!
Fitness membership is cost reduction and peer support one of the most valuable and successful.
I absolutly love my secret buddy #bestever :)
#Believe you can and you're halfway there. ~Theodore
Give the ball to Ezeli, he is not playing around, got some nice post moves
Sitting here with my friends celebrating my birthday:] Its so much fun.<3
#SLPsnQs We determine eligibility based on clinical judgment (based in formal and informal ax)-- then ask insurance if they will cover tx
S/O to he be rockin with us
not a lot they ran tester trials to see if it would work and I caught it before they could run anything else
whats the highest price your willing to give up for RG3
Just preordered the Kindle Fire. And bought a subscription to Food Network Magazine. That's right -- it's a day without shame.
So far the day has been great. Short school day, tan, YMCA. Eating mexican with family in a bit, then gonna watch a movie. Horror, <3
i think i fancy crying myself to sleep tonight, while watching nick is actually quite healthy you know :7
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Watching glorious amounts of Law & Order.
The Movie Sensei officially gives Crazy Stupid Love the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
: Of course! And I hope that your weekend is mcwonderful! ;)
that MUST be it! ;)
Go on fb , it's better .
I can only process in Keynote these days. Not sure if that is good or bad.
running is perhaps the least interesting hobby one can have. i am glad you are fit though!
Strike that. We now have not one but two performers for #EqualityMD's #SoYouThinkYouCanDrag event on May 20th! Phoenix and Josie. BAM!
haha, true. ;) im so nervous for my party tomorrow :/
you have no idea! Manischewitz macaroons fly fast in my house!
Yo I wish I could brotha man, but my stay is brief, so I'll be with my fam mostly. If I step out I'll hit u guys up!
I came, I saw, then I cleaned it up.
I just waned to say thank you so much to my new and old followers... if you want a follow back just ask... :)
Good news we had 26 new vendors wanting to be part of the 2012 market. Bad news we only have 10 openings. Look for old faces and a few new.
Connectivity, performance, battery life, recovery, backup, privacy, info security, safety, IP, access, trust, consistency =Barriers
with particular emphasis in representation of major commercial and investment banks in secured and unsecured syndicated financings,
Dear God you are sexy #FF and its talented creators and its host
Thanks for the follow!
School shall blow huge ballz tomorrow.
it's u was mine since u moved frm Vegas lol
I miss you too babyluv </3 I hope it works out too!
you're not coming down for convention next week are you?
"You know the guy...always wears his sunglasses on the back of his neck and a Got Beer shirt." Yes. Yes I do.
Great time #running the Paradise Valley trails with today. Although He sure had to stop and "tie" his shoes a lot???
what the heck! where is the next challenge! i hope there not tricking us or something!
congrats! And I wrote a blog and mentioned YOU!
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE
I'm going to regret putting on eyeliner today.
Mortgage mess a concern for BofA shareholders – and protesters, too
#SomeoneWhoCan give you a challenge when it comes to some sort of competition
I'm not afraid to express my religion !
#SOTU Highlights: has renewed fire in his belly, Biden can't sit still, and basks in his own ego
Getting pumped to host today's NGLC webinar. I told the speakers that I'm really just pretending to be Terry Gross. I wasn't kidding.
Full of sheet;((
Any curve or anything?
Thanks for the tweet! See you at the parade today!
Barb, thanks for the RT!
yeah they hit on me too.
hm I wonder who it was
M god
Maybe they should have had a Tom Brady hour on ESPN, also August 3rd birthdays rule!
Yes prices are for 3 nights
RT : If a prominent person in Cuba had praised America and had been suspended from his job, Americans would be outraged.
who was the bird?! Yuo told me but I forgot
Yea, I tried. It sucked too much. When you want a real drummer, give me a call 414-3429-3973
Next google product I want to see: google law
very good :-)
I want to leave school so bad.....
A story to be told.
Would love to hear it, but unable to get there. Do you have any word on archive/synopsis/recap availability? BTW, take care.
we got our wish! is going to be brining the heat on 3rd down & getting the #Packers defense off the field.
Elegance For Less!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Can't believe I'm just getting into bed... this has been one crazy week.
Sometimes the path your on isn't right or wrong its just forward.
i hate when girls curse.... lol
I wish I was in that special someone arms right now
At a conference of tinkerers.
we would love to, but our schedule is pretty hectic. Maybe,..maybe.
Yeah Donatos guy, my mom named me Click.
being healthy is what matters most twitter can always wait..
Will do. Thanks, Hoenisch!
That pic is awesome!
hey check us out. :] we are new to Vegas and are starting to get a good fan base here.
Give us a call for any summer cleaning you may need!!
If I was in Motown, id donate my couch to be set on fire after this ass kicking.
Just went to Sonic and I'm so effing drunk right now that I can't even keep ice in my mouth! Hilarious to everyone BUT me!
Gym time, time to work hard
That's not distracting or noisy at fuckin' all.
Turning on mail subscriptions is 1 thing. Turning them off very hard, & no more forwarding of 3rd-class mail when moving. Discouraging.
RT : Awesome lesson with !! He's the best at finding an audition song. //Thanks... Singers like you make it easy!
fa fa fa la la
yo bet I will
Or were you asking about the Isagenix home base? That's in Phoenix.
RT : If I drink Alcohol, I am Alcoholic. So if I drink Fanta, am I Fantastic?! ;)
Just checking out my homeboy 's motherland. Really loving it here.
Addiction: willing to be miserable the majority of the time for that little bit of high
Keep shooting,and go hard to net. Play smart,tough, and with Bruins pride
where you at?
Call me maybe gtfo
Before god come I want a family (: >3
WEEKEND! RT if you're coming to TCA!
oh my goodness, those were the "bomb", lol :)
Have you ever gone to the dentist complaining of pain in your jaw and joint? headaches? earache? or just soreness when eating? Is it TMJ?
#RT if you're a REAL
However I don't recommend blowing it up.
Tank top Tuesday with the boys
hopefully one day u can come to Boston:)
h.miller and i are doing well here. nice little rumble though.
well... umm... here's my number... call me maybe?! hahaha
someone needs to pay for me some sessions.
so much on my mind is keeping me awake
Thanks, Catherine!
crap quality but thanks hun.
First boot camp session of #thatcampphilly - data manipulation for non-programmers
don't listen to my friend he's a liar
Writing this morning at Starbucks... First time in a year.
me 2 my man! Hey if I'm not doing well at the tables ill just hot the strip clubs!b
Help Stop the Downward Spiral: A Special Note from Imam Feisal with Exciting News: www.cordobamovement.org/blog/
#whosgonnalose - Cleveland at Kansas City - Tie vote! 2-2. tweet to break tie
Thanks Nic. It was a fun night and I felt privileged to be able to read Zach Bohannon's work.
follow me thanks!!!
I don't k ow that even he could help.
I need to stop taking naps!
no doubt. Same to you too. Big 20!
because people in other countries walk a lot. We drive everywhere. I love that. But I also work out a lot and feel awesome.
What's keeping you from reaching your goals? Remember that you can do it!
Price of gas
- not one of - the greatest!
Got all your messages. Thanks so much :D
Highly anticipating the release of 's CD this summer!
So grossed out just found out artificial raspberry in food is beaver anal glad and they put feces to enhance straw berry icecream..yuck
great, can i have your contact info? thanks
Most welcome! How are things coming along for the 2012 season?
at #webwise! why aren't you here?!? you missed my amazing talk ;-)
Plant some perennial edibles into your #vegetablegarden & even your ornamental borders
What i can do is, make you happy!.
We all know you're still eating that Halloween candy. Come sweat it all out today at Anytime Freret!
: Just to F'k with you cause Im bored..
Get rid of Sarver and get rid of
Excited for game 7?
Welcome back! Thank you for checking in on Foursquare.
LA police pursuits: why run from the cops, you are going to get caught, dummy!
I can go with a no-TCU clause. Those suspiciously horned toads defeated us on our own field.
you are right. I will be more adamant about making sure I tweet more. Especially about #twitterlessDotson lol
#First20SongsOnShuffle #3 Champagne Showers by LMFAO... We light it up every hour xD
!! Merry Christmas!!
RT It's not the size of the roaches. It's the fact that they can fly. #PalmettoBugs [#HIWI]
I assumed something similar. So that's not an option.
. Amazing. Just... Amazing. Bravo. Thank you for the solid laugh on an otherwise hard Friday.
yea i kno . I see johnny gonna go live up there !
Job interview today... Wish me luck!
And it's been six months! <3
Women's Voice: June 19 and July 10 this year! Don't miss 2 great nites of music by heavy-hittin' local Divas! Go to www.nmjazz.org for info!
// love this post!
Ain't no loving my man shoo bop shoo bop o
Thank you, sir!
working all weekend. Good thing u didn't visit. But I did venture to
Is following me! YAY! Thanks Lexi :3! Always look forward for your after night tweets ^_^
Thank you for putting your life on the line everyday. Your efforts will never go unnoticed. You have my undying gratitude. :)
check out as well. Offers more opportunities to earn money by taking photos of place :)
or as I like to call it
I'm 19 under my birth certificate . D: my mother lied to me !! For 19 years ..
MLK was a visionary. We need more like him. #mlk bgr8now
the train is so much better without students like you get over it
O_O of course xO foul play..... No problem of course i know how
need to step up our game people get more votes recruit people, make more emails, use cell house car phones just vote your little hearts out!
. 's Street Smarts - my fave part. Send #biz Q's to
Ready to get to work? New Samples and Drops are up now on #productionvault!
Foam rolling massages away fascia buildup in your muscles, to help prevent those areas from becoming injury trigger points.
have you guys hired for your Chief of Staff position?
Many Thanks! Mindbloom strives to inspire all to make positive changes that lead to a life they want to grow
"I just think you could use a lil sunshine in your life" "Ugh! Cheesy much?!" "Only after hero moments"
Beautiful day in #Denver for a #Rockies win and to start off the weekend in a great way!!
I love free lunch.
What is the #1 thing you want in 2012?
Move forward.. that's the motto .
Love Is getting harder to find D:
I would say that you don't need legitimacy to be credible and perceived as truthful, my prob with her article is misdirection
You're tied to a rocket?
Today was a long ass day
Dixon is on fire!
Maybe Peyton Manning will reconsider
Merry Christmas all! Wishing you and your family happiness and lots of peace.
Captain America -- (guessing the Final Jeopardy answer before they read the clue, naturally.) Category: Comic Books
actually the best gift you could have given her is a lifetime of adventure.
All work is done on my end for now so im breaking today and laying on my tail!!! Get at me...
Thanks man. I think that tweet makes you officially awesome :)
I don't care what yall say but Vicki is a sexy mfer....... The light skin Vicki
The problem with rental properties is they don't regress the price. once they charge a price its only up from there.
Mr Pringle many birthday and well wishes to your father... Hope all is as well as can be...
is planning to surprise the IRS next year by filing my 2010 Tax Return by sending a singing telegram! Ha!ha!.
Dinner was bomb. Went to black out town. Ready to leave !
What a great night!
speaking of Cartman, I cannot sing "O Holy Night" in anything but his voice anymore. Ruined for life
Not much support. F that. Y'all suk
Always! RT : Time to party?
give me a ring 770-990-2194 so we can make arrangements before you get here in ATL for the bday bash weekend
yeahh I was skyping with myito and he showed me her she had an older sister.
follow me? Please;)<3333
Thank you for all the new followers, we will do our best to provide useful information to aid in earning athletic scholarships!
hahah oh jeez thought i wwas special
i wont sacrifice my happiness for you.
social media democratizes "expert" disciplines (journalism, video, photography) and lowers entry barrier for creativity
what is it called?
I got the funniest looking sunburn today.
When you start thinking about dinner this evening, think about trying for fast dinner delivery to your door step
I adore Old Navy jeans! The Sweetheart are my go-tos. And no capris here, either.
I'm afraid that my daughter is growing up to be a Guitar Hero groupie.
I miss that water too lol RT Did u kno the bay area has like the best tap water in the nation?
PRICES REDUCED!!The DOLLAR TABLE has been restocked!New merchandise up. Blow-out Sale Jewelry is marked in half! Stop back and check it out
I hate this phrases when couples used to their loves : aye papi,papi, aye mami, or mami and using these phrases in public
Very neat! Do you see them often?
haha yeah I live in the apartments right next to canyon ridge and seriously we need to ha u goin to Johnson too?
"Give me a hero and I will write you a tragedy." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
thx for visiting us today Paul. We're so grateful to have u as a guest! We can't wait for more tips on how to get a job in Seattle
Wow! We received a lot of exciting session proposals for Mobile Learning Experience 2012! Thank you for your submissions.
Got new summer clothes so cute thanks maw maw and paw paw and got new bestfriend necklace thankies angel :)
This Thursday night, join us at the North Face Reel Rock movie with every ticket supporting OB Denver's Scholarship. outwardbounddenver.org
miss my Tiny!!!
Anyone need a photoshoot?? Get at me..
Busy #CincoDeMayo starting w/ #Avengers in IMAX & then private show w/ & then watch beat
my dad hasnt paid my phone so i couldnt be able to text you Dx <U+2665>/>
aiit ill let you know
we all miss you
yup! Sorry gotta go get ready for Junior Prom! :D
You know how you know someone doesnt love you, its when they replace you, like you were nothinng
It's cold
He bidged! He budged! Ristopher Crobin! Today's the day!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>“: Baby Ima make you strip, strip for this.”
lmfao, I was subtweeting an underclassmen on my tl
I stand by my prediction of 7-9 ... Possible 8-8 . Time will tell
sumtimes u got let it out
so tell me about it?
Translation is hard...even if it's from one dialect of English (tech-speak) to another (nonprofit-speak).
MIA this week-end? ;-)
thanks for following! ...really appreciate it! ..looking forward to following you in Vegas
If a person comes on Qiyamah with 70 debts to Allah it is lighter than coming with a single right owed to a fellow human. -Sufyan al-Thawri
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out..
Excited for it to rain today!!! Not in the mood for hot LA weather..
A dumb bitch ain't worth a pot of piss...
haha I know I got ya niggas lmao Ugh
thanks for the s/o!
I feel so pretty today ^.^
it's time for me to blonde again. I'm thinking a Barbie themed Birthday party. I can't be Barbie as a red head! Book me ASAP xox
"Please don't lick me!"
If providers of E.I. must become pt of an ins. netwk. & negotiate a rate likely less than the DOH, isn't this cost containment?
way to go!!
We must come to realize once again that the form of church is not the issue, but the way we relate to God, one another and the world. Neil C
#YourCuteAndAllBut You're personality just isn't...
You're quite welcome. Thank YOU for listening!
Feel better soon
thank you so much! xx
Bored at the busstop :/ there's nothing to do!
when linking your G+ account to your website, is it best to use your personal G+ or the business page account?
man this is different
Do you miss The ICONic Boyz already lil mama?<3(:
Kate's Joint's punishment for making inferior bloody marys? Let this be a lesson to other places that want to half ass their drinks
It’s a subscription based service. Opt 1) Subscribe, 2) Find a friend who does, 3) Wait for the DVD.
sure do
yikes!!! so how's it doing? did you have to have it prepared?
Wannabes on KUT Austin at 2pm central time tomorrow (Thursday). Stream live at www.kut.org
Dear Kate, I just checked my schedule and I'm totally free for Valentines day! Just throwing it out there haha
fuck you Colombia is not what the media claims it to be its a beautiful country with heartwarming people
I want it
Anyone else going to the SFIMA Summit next Friday?
Haii follow my other account <3
Check out and his art work.
lmao both these men at my work names are Roger, they be walking around talking about some "roger that". Lame! lol
Coming up on WCJS Radio, The Jazz Queen Show - 6 pm EDT
"Human nature involves creating cultures and creating ourselves in response to them." -Hazel Markus
Matt Barnes should take notes from Gasol on how to finish properly.
you stay away from me with your cough
Kacey's Kristmas Ale is our pint of the week here at the brewpub! This is the last chance to get some this year, so come on in!
I kno she was way to the right she needs to scoot in
Ben and Jerry's Red Velvet Cake Ice Cream :)
he looked better in 17 again than 'the lucky one' guhrosssssss
Working waiting on this whip to get fix
man shut up. RT “: Already boring.”
that would be very nice, thanks britt :)
how did you and Austin meet???
I just know how to burn in the kitchen (how to cook). Gotcha' again didn't I? Keep following me and you'll learn R.L speak. Work it out MJ!
American Idol sucks now
Bitches play the back, because I'm the front man. ( ;
We will see what we can get together.
Tweeted to myself back there. Probably time to call it a day. Watch this page for another daring but geeky episode of PGWW.
deal. let us know how the music is on that cassette.
i'm feelin that!
wuts gd my g,i c u!
probs reads my tweets, laughs, and keeps scrolling
Just had to google "how to make a grilled cheese sandwich." A commenter equated recipe's existence online w/ a "how to boil water" entry. :/
Was that not the most awesome part?! I literally stood up outta my seat when I saw that. Bad Ass isn't even the word.
pink haired girls and late night conversations.
Favorite comeback team/player/coach?
oh, i see more trips in the future. :-)
he mad.
May the Fourth be with you!
:D Ah acting is awesome! :D:D:D
Need web, design, video or mobile apps? Let me know.
#NP YC ft Ace Hood- I Know
Greet the day with revived energy, a fresh spirit, an enlightened outlook...
I have a dream!
and I didn't know your mom was dead..I'm sorry
And for mis spelling misspell! Lol!
what's wrong my love ?
And we are underway here from Magness Arena
Claiborne's low Wonderlic score scared teams away from him. The CB said he only answered 15 to 18 questions on the 50-question test.
Now is the time, now is the hour; I am the magic, I am the power, oh!
Words cannot express my deep level of excitement for Anchorman 2.
Looking at the full public Twitter feed is a humbling experience. Links to barstools and thumb screws. Why are they there?
I convinced the screenplay was no more than 40 pages long. Awesome!
this florida weather is just great
Joined our SMS list yet? 1 Free Keiki pass if you text 'TERROR' to 99000
Fuck off, yeah?
Paid over $100.00 for books last semester, one of them we never used. The bookstore gave me $18.00.
: Is it admiration for the promise of youth, or is it ageist? Should age of author be a factor in judging books?
That's right! I couldn't remember - There were recent grads who took the trip too :) It was a pretty cool event
RT : HAVE YOU SEEN MY VAN? NY plates FAV5347, 2002 White Ford Econoline E150 van. Last seen @ Los Angeles & Washington in LA.
Yes I'd watch RT : He would do a great job on Saturday Night Live.
absent from the body ...present with the Lord
Hard to believe its been so long since the towers fell.
Great article. Right on the money.
I found it extra intriguing considering I work for Prison Fellowship! ; ) thx for posting.
Yes that would!
Not really sure how you can avoid design decisions or solutions in a critique.
how do you call that? really - wow
maiden voyage in a new le creuset -- Oxtail Stew. As cooked (apparently) by the butcher's wife. Coda alla Vaccinara.
but seriously I need to call you tonight so I'm gonna. I need to talk about a doggie I might take in!
- meant to type If you want more, just LMK, esp. young entrepreneurs doing big things in #NYC, #LA, &
If this was my first time ever seeing Harrison barnes, I'm not agreeing that he's a lottery pick. His game is lost.
Its tomorrow the sultry "Stacey Brooks". Rsvp early......hitting the stage at 8pm!
Still at work..FUCK
I do feel bad for community banks. Lots of good folk there. I think cu structure is main difference (owned by members)
find out how #healthcareworks for #kids and get your questions answered about the #ACA at a Tweetchat going on now at
did you know that 1 in 6 #cellphones have poop on them?? Ew isn't it just gross. Wash your hands people...
show us
I think my mother just broke up with me.
HA!! Freda's been enjoying The Parkers rerun on BET all day.
I love getting home from Taco Bell to see they forgot my cheesy fiesta potatoes, which is my favorite. Way to blow it T-Bell.
alright mom :P
will you be in Camden, NJ with GNR????????
Happy birthday praying you receive health, wealth nd prosperity enjoy your day from a london
Heroes! RT : RT : Visit The Bills Store &get 20% off pink products
By the time females reach 21-25 they secretly want they're ass to be eaten out or played with.
Doesn't it? Made me hungry!
Two weeks in Israel.. gonna be so legit.
Not sure which "it" you have in mind.
r u working? I am in sec 125 row 20“: And we're back in the game! #mnwild”
We're playing well lately (knock on wood). Last reg season gm 2night. A win would secure our best finish in school history.
I'm at work, why you still up?
“: The dogs are in the enclosed pool area. Garage side door is open.”
Pathology Quiz Case 3: Diagnosis - Archives of Otolaryngology
You'll be jealous. Meet the Makers and food pairing at !
Dbrown shot this image! And where your high yella ass been anyway?
of course! You already know OKC tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Whenever I delete an app on my ipod, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting deleted.
well hello!
opens the fridge, well looks like I'ma make some burgers, hotdogs, and bar-b-q steaks... tommow.. :)
There a torn ACL bug going around pro sports this month? Damn...hello interim title fight!
thanx for the follow back(:
We are packed! Get down here NOW!!
You're welcome.
I'm a nervous Nancy over here!
eat dick
surprised he doesn't have both those things saved as frequent search topics
What I read didn't say how old she was. Said they adopted 2 children from overseas.That he lives a monk like existence?
no, I haven't tried that one. You like?
It's hilarious how much i hate my job actually, hahah
RIP Dick Clark, a true pioneer. Thank you for using TV to spread new music to the entire nation!
Damn tha HATE is heavy lol RT don't nobody want you retarded skyscrapers b...
Who's who? Where's Waldo?
Looking for an affordable family law attorney? Call us today @ 619.338.9500!
"Acrosonic Tonic" is on air from 3-4!! Requests are welcome!
I hope is rocking gear all week in AZ.
I want a cookie.
congrats on the new job at ICA
People say that love is in every corner……gosh! maybe i’m moving in circles..
The waiting game....need to get home and get some rest, then it's 100mph
Having dinner with cousin who just returned from Japan after the quake. Her stories are terrifying. So glad she and the babies made it back.
big plans for all the soccer tomorrow?
Nothing sucks more than that moment during an argument when you realize you're wrong.
The Wynn Deal dying was rhetoric from Wynn. This was planned all along.
Old Guy Fly, you getting too old with them brittle bones haha
my price would be flight club lol. Offer something reasonable bro
Karyn Purvis' book The Connected Child-great resource for adoptive parents.
Interesting, Going to ask myself. =)
The original Audio Dock had a power switch; it doesn't have a standby mode, just keeps sucking power.
Had a great day today but wish I could've been there with y'all, too! Sorry to miss the fun. xoxo <U+2192>
NICE HAT ROC its asome ur so cut prodigy
you guys deserve everything you get and more!! America just can't get enough of you!
At DCA, headed to Seattle, Fairbanks and Wrangell-St. Elias Mtns for ten days. Woo-woo!
Nothing says "fun" like sitting in a Starbucks parking lot, killing time...in Hawaii! I should be on a beach!
Highly relevant in your current position, too, I would imagine. Or, you know, not. Sending good vibes!
analysts mention every candidate _except_ , despite Ron Paul being very strong throughout the
Imani: I'm doing it ALL weekend....
I think I might have just accidentally killed a ladybug. I could cry...
oh my goodness!!!! Thank you so much for sharing! What a doll!
I wish I were more articulate. That would seriously be my one wish if I had one.
So Hatfields & McCoys comes on History channel starting Memorial Day, for three nights. I think I'll watch it despite the major violence.
Once again, thanks for your RTs. You're completely awesome!!!
I hope im fine when im old.
What's your favorite hidden gem in Lincoln Park?
if you want some to test with I have several. :-)
#neon11 "nice hat asshole...who are you?"
Spoiler: I'm pretty sure he's against it
We're located at 3037 N. Broadway across from Chase Bank! We just opened Wednesday!
Yeah I have 2 jobs I have a summer job working at a camp and then I work at a cafe I am the head server and some times prep cook
We've raised over $1000 this month for charity! We're so grateful for your support.
I'm dying to see the show!! Can't wait to go see it!!
. screw you #Hertz, I will NEVER rent a car from you again. You suspend people because of their religion.
Contact us today and we can go over questions and get an estimate www.bluelaserdesign.com/contact.htm ask for Will
Just saw someone jetskiing on lake erie! Really? Not THAT warm!
Go Giants!!
Launching New Redline Large Format Semi-Automatic Die Cutters in USA, via partnership with DiecutUk.
#uglyamericans is an awesome show.
#DASER Comfort "The lack of elegance in certain species is used as proof of evolution. Nature doesn't always use the smartest solution."
#69Factsaboutme 66. I cut my own hair.
Although I guess I don't have to wish that on him. He already look like trash
Just bought my kit. Can't wait for its arrival.
That's beautiful & tame compared to others I've received.
Sweet Congrats on your new job. You are definitely going to bring it ;).
Watching the news is so depressing. SO I turned on some cartoons :)) much better
I see at marsh!
#uksglive Researchers concerned about Journals as a Brand - to brand their work
Sleep is for the weak.
Chaos in the world brings uneasiness, but it also allows the opportunity for creativity and growth.
I just learned Kano is on twitter!
looks like you got hacked too! time to change your password...
#FollowFriday Black Friday Shopping
how did you do at the marathon?
Nail time in the backyard c:
Everyone at the + show last night knew something truly special was happening.
you sound like a broken record.
hate to be that guy..
Seriously... Shut every front door in America!! How the heck did it turn like that... My jaw is to the ground. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
LOL still listenin' n just turned it up LOUDER Happy Friday!!! : TURN IT UP! We can't hear it! :)”
Elin Nordegren’s New “Dream Home” is Just Like the $12 Million Mansion She Knocked Down -
#PEACE, it's what we need in this world!
I feel very fortunate to have the luxury of being able to fire "shut up and draw" clients.
sweet, we'll get something nice roo
Those who are following my tweets & other info should know that I have been going through some rather difficult times lately.
Alex just got hit in the head at Kid's Club, and now he thinks he's an explorer <3 :) I love kids haha
lol! Most definitely. I wuv you more!
RT ok plan is, have dinner, do computing homework, business studying and ill do more of the maths revision exercise!
I thought I'd turn on some news this morning, but I accidentally ended up on #foxandfriends BIG mistake!
had a blast!!!!! THANK YOU!
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code yyqsj)
thanks for the mention.
New assistants excite Deans
I wish i was jeremy lin
State of Sundays on Area with all of the sets from Ultra is making me extremely happy...not hating this drive at all!
yea I remember seeing u use tht. Oh and I guess I would change or get rid of the tracker ball on the g2. Pretty useless.
Another 1st grader on reading and #WRAD "I love to explore and I like anvetrers."
Finally started watching Friday Night Lights holy crap man
10 Laps to go - in the lead
yes and yes. Nothing like Rumchata and directory services.
Once again D. Rose, Fucking animal!!!!!
Our pleasure! RT Merci, danke and dzieki to for sponsoring the Business Language project with the Grove and Optima Training!
ACCEPTED the comedic role of Marsha, Queen of Diamonds in "Nightwing: Edenspring" an Independent Film based on the 1960's Batman TV Series
I had a dream I woke up to breakfast...Then, I woke up -_-
i would just like to say ahead of time..... WELCOME BACK TO KENTUCKY!!
PregameWinners are drinking only the TOP shelf liquor and Champagne! Celebrating the New Years cashing in on the bowl games!
Please excuse our temporary site outage. We're working to remedy. Thanks!
you're a loser, because you never get on twitter, haha did you know you're one of my best friends?
Tks for keeping up w/trivia on Twitter team!
bounty hunters?
Bomb this guy Alex!
Mine and 's dance to Yeah by Usher ;D >>>
Having a better day today :) hope you're day is going well!
GOOD LUCK!
Thanks! I have to thank EDUCAUSE, especially Teddy Diggs for editing and guidance.
can i be ur bobby darin?
Super bummed the BVB / FIR tour is cancelled....
The white ppl in my in my Lil gated.community say they dont like..how when the president just like
No matter how impossible, unattainable, or unimaginable something may seem..if it's meant to be, it'll be.
great job tonight! Thanks for all your hard work and dedication to our community!
Headed to Sonic<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
omg i went running today.. and realized i drink too much wine =(
Love it!!! Congratulations Sarah!!!((: I'm happy for you and I hope you had an amazing day! You and Matt are adorable!:D
your twitter game sucks
Prince Ama is one of our featured artist on Break That Single. Come and support this amazing artist at the Feakin Frog 12/11 6pm-9pm PST
Just read the majority an absolutely MLP fan fiction. Now off to bed. :)
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>>Duke lost to The Mighty Badgers one time in basketball.
good stuff.
its gonna be ok bby
Have a blast tonight in Shelbyville #Indiana! Two can see a double-feature with popcorn and soft drinks at the Strand Theatre for only $15!
. Thanks for the follow. I dig your stuff, especially AM (intro)
Samberg is officially out of ideas.
Was that your brother in the DailyMile photograph? I wouldn't have recognized him since I haven't seen him in *at least* 5 years
PLAYBOYS ON TAPE // N WE ON BLUE RAY !!! ASKK
I should be leaving to the Avengers midnight premiere with my brother, instead I am stuck at home sick as fuck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
waitin for sean to tweet saying he's marrying me :L :L
<3 you mean the world to me babygirl(;
Go time.
almost a slam!!!!
Beatles + Gramercy + Tribeca + Comedy + Diners = Heaven on Earth
I've been fortunate to see every state but HI, and I must say that I rank CO a close second to AK ;)
have you heard about ? will you be in town around then?
hey dudes you guys rule! Let's play a show someday would be awesome to play with a band that influenced us... Hah
Diaz...The digital ecosystem...students may have many devices and mobility is just another way to learn.
Retweet if your counting down to #abc's
: gah! love you're #Glee version of #Savingallmyloveforyou tell #RyanMurphy to give you more songs... #justsayin ^_^
hey :) how are u hun?
Alan Wagner I spend 40 daller at champs this bitch and Chris did not pay me back so she said I'm going to pay u back
Go Ed!
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams
This tweet is so can see a reply to his tweet up on the big screen at #ascd12. Btw, if you see "Deb" from Pasco HS tell her Hi :)
Rinage enough tweeting today:p and answer bbm! So umm guess who was here?(; I love you wifeyyy<3 bbm me??;*
Haha, from another photog doing similar (minus the beer) - love it! ;-)
What is your latest vintage find?
The media is hyping Mourdock but everyone I have talked to today has voted Lugar, both independents and Republicans.
Hey Andy, did you write tonight's episode? Exec produce? What?
Bitch put some ice in her mouth and said she got a cold head game
Thanks Raven baby if u don't know what I'm talking about, ask me, if u do, Thanks again sweetie. Much Love to ya. Mmmuahhh!
it's really good!(: all you have to do for mine is have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you support /love them. (:
RIP: Former First Lady, Betty Ford. Condolences to the family.
<3 no problem :) thanks for staying a follower even with all my rageful tweets
“: Can it be put into an aerosol can so I can squirt it into my mouth?” working that
Mercy Aur helicopter just landed next to McKenzie Park in Chula Vista
Yeah, it's fine & gets the job done. Glad you're not at the Smart Russell Square, which was really horrific
#GOPClownCar Mittens the Mormon would like to apologize for the story of his assault on a gay kid getting published. It won't happen again
Happy Earth Day!!
Currently listening to: ELIOT - Pictures on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Whenever I watch the clips of "Boyfriend" that have been released, I have to remind myself how to breathe. Holy crap. -Sam<3
Time for a nice cup of coffee. :-P
that's an understatement
Today has been a reminder to never take life for granted and to tell those you love that they mean the world to you. It's never too much.
seeing in like... a couple of weeks! so excited.
Hey you hey it's ranging I look like a wet dog....
A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1897 the 1st intercollegiate basketball game using 5 players (Yale vs Penn) per team was held. Yale won 32-10.
Thanks for checking the folio!
An irritating thing i see on my TL: IDGAF i have no fucks to give blah blah. Really cause you seem depressed all the time& cry like a bitch!
Nice, what are you gonna do for work?
thanks, thanks, thanks and thanks
OMG I have 863 followers! I <U+2665> u guys!
None of them i guess. More like gets mashed with "Nothing But Love."
THIS is a team of destiny. can't be stopped.
RT ": SUPRISE: new #cover coming soon, like this weekend :P"<-- codyiacs hes back #finally :) Cute new avi by the way
You two should follow each other. Problem solved. :)
We can't wait to welcome you this evening -- Tobasco and Tea Tulia are awaiting you :)
take one and bring it to me (: haha
thanks! Great job last night! We had so much fun
Great week in Wisconsin conducting a focus group testing institutional mission statement and goals.
Please let everyone know that there are apparently NO spots left in the Pac 12. :(
technically it's 11/1/2011 so not too much fun?
Bradley, thx for the mention! Susan
pretty wild eh?
Before I lose my phone, end up naked, high, drunk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish all a Happy Friday!
where have u been Justin all ur fans miss u WHERE IS JUSTIN<U+E058><U+E403><U+E407><U+E40F><U+E40F><U+E40B><U+E406><U+E413><U+E411><U+E412><U+E410><U+E023>
thank you! i got through and figured out what i needed.
Like getting picked up 20 minutes early.
Sunshine is nice! Cheers!!! RT Can it get any better mayb if it was a little warmer
The new Apple TV you will be able to control with hand motion and voice...not good in a house with an Italian wife always yelling at the TV
": “: i think the love sydnee has for niko is so cute” awe" Its not as cute as the love sydnee has 4 me tho.
I am feeling such a strange mix of -- this is no great loss -- and -- But these characters were just starting to click
Had an ight time at the high with my niggas
Let's all enact a plan to insure a #HappyandProsperousNewYear! Bring it on. ... 2012!
«Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.» – Oscar Wilde
you like her dont u lol
At the beginning of Casino you can clearly see the cut where they replace Robert De Niro with a dummy. Be sure to look for it.
Um, and has this song been released yet? RT Pretty cool to have done a song with a Laker champion!!!
finally people understand corey hart. His finished line this year 25hr 26R 27rbi
Like I said Miami got to worry bout gettin past the pacers
It's rare that someone can read a paper, no visuals, and hold my attention as completely, intensely and elegantly as Stoler is doing.
My favorite part of that movie is when Joe Pantoliano gets slapped full bore with a slice of pizza by Robert Davi.
still not a super majority tho. While I might not like what and how...we both know how hard leg. is to pass at that level
yay!!!!! Also, did you see the #Elementary trailer? Looks awful.
Just sitting down at #nvsa for Andrew Staffer's presentation on NINES.
Deadwood, Sons of Anarchy, The Killing, Breaking Bad, Justified, Thrones... New golden age of drama.
i tell patron truths i tell u heney lies n u believe all i can see it in ya eyes -Drizzy
ill go on the second or third verse
FYI - The poster printers are back in business. The CMC (Room 2250) is once again accepting posters (both glossy & satin)!
How can I still not fall asleep after working 8-5 every day and playing a full soccer game.
hahaha yes. I'm the one with red hair NOT in glasses. I'm the vocalist! So glad you watched that haha
that's what my sister said!
Stu Alumni get together next month, im on the Alumni committe!
Closed SHORT $NZDUSD for +156 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 71% SHORT
I wanna RT this
Can I get 2 more handsome guys to follow me??
Think I'm about to call it one. Gn.
he was simply making a thought and you jumped down his shit for no reason.
I lava you! Joe was a terrible janitor. Im glad he's gone. now we have a cleaning company come at night. like a real office.
me no speaky.
that tweet was meant for you.... Hahahaha
Thanks, Casey for voting. I can't make up my mind.
Oh yes! I <3 Grey's Anatomy! :) I have seasons 1 -7 on DVD and can't wait to get the 8th. :)
and you didn't invite me over! :O
Luv ya ryte back muah ;-) RT I love u my vamp sisters! fly high n suck good! :)
I don't believe anyone who says they live with no regrets
Cheers to one of the most beautiful days in LA ever.
S/O to Groove2fly! Great job on the new single! Confusin Me!
No Pro owner owns a Fran for the $. It's an asset, a toy. The prob is now MaGoofs need Kings to turn profit for their livelihood
<-- Handle With Care<3
That was a song they were just playing for the outro on Countdown just now.
is every one bots? its like make more friends here and get a free laptop here link link LINK. is anyone real? :|
The world needs thoughtful filters, Humans will replace algorithms. Curation will make you smarter, read more voices
The costumes are very flowing and lovely <U+FFFD> and there is humour in the show too, which is delightful. 10% off code SHENYUNFANS
“: Under Barrett’s reign, MKE dropped 31 spots in recent Forbes list as best cities to do business. Wisconsin is 50th
#hkittle is certainly saying her piece.
Anyone know a good blog designer that has a package with a lot included for thirty dollars?
A couple of us are going to be on woodensteel.tv tonight @ 10. Come hang out, and ask us some questions!
“: Block party flow !” -- where at
Just followed FUTURE UNITED STATES CHAMP! and also current INTERNET CHAMP! woo woo woo you know it! Bro!
Hot for no reason.
We're not old, we are well seasoned.
im just plain sick of being ignored cause im a guy
So cute! He's dancing just like momma Z
"Training yourself to stay in the present moment. That is a very good use of the rest of your life." -Pema Chodron, Getting Unstuck
he ain't take his bag wit em?
Stop freaking talking about Obama, Bachmann.
: hey:) have you seen the avengers? Is it good?
Idk about you but I wouldn't wanna go to school all oily..
You're not alone Tom.
One more day until summer. <3
It's a perfect day to each lunch in the car.
She got hype but I only heard one song, it was aight RT : Who is Azealia Banks??? Is she that nice?
Nothing stops them! :)
congratulations!!! how exciting for you two!
Harry is so beautiful.
Today is a kind of day <U+2665>
Chilling in the house of reps right now.
You're breaking the cycle. No words to express how difficult that is or how rewarded you should be for it. Well done.
appreciate that love his music have every album in my phone... Kayne for president stay up Peace..
im seeing paranormal activity 2 this weekend. im bringing blankets.
muah! Miss you love, come out to one of our events sometime! We re-open at Hydrate this Friday!
“: MIke Bibby at the helm let it rain 3's and penetrate and create. #RiseUpNYK” You mean the ghost of Mike Bibby?
Turns out, there is a point when one can eat so may Indian snack foods they must recline. Stupid punjabi mix.
Happy Year that's New lol
sorry sir
Some of you guys will have a great party at Ken's tonight. Enjoy ! I am so sorry that I will be missing it. Flying back tomorrow.
The heart and soul of the company is creativity and innovation
“: lol smart and fine.......u special aint it!” aw thanks good sir !
Most people are fake but that's okay because I liked playing with Barbies as a child, this should essentially be the same thing.
My balls are covered in jager lmao. I'm such a faggot
Everything gives you cancer nowadays.
In lunch with everyone :-)
Me too! I ALWAYS try to mess with them.
I just realized there's so many hot mexicans at my school (; #choppinnn'it(;
im following u ... i think ur going crazy
Hey twitter besty.
#WhyDoHoes talk about other hoes and front like they aint one.
heard it was dope but haven't seen it
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!! <3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY:) with #swag! :)
Is it this backseat making you itch?
Hey girl, I'll save your life but you don't have to privatize your public schools to thank me.
up next. Sound check sounds so good! on in the 11am hour. tonight!
thanks for following us. We would love to see you at one of our upcoming music supervisor sessions!
Here's another random thought: If you want your children to listen to you, try talking softly to someone else, works every time:)
celebrating Sydney's End of the Year Celebration of Girls Scouts with...
Why is #chia a superfood? Because it delivers the maximum amount of nutrients with little calories.
You scared me today. No more doing that!
I take it back now that I'm laying down. I drank too much. On a Tuesday? See, I told you.
Primanti Brothers in Pittsburgh. I know, I'm late.
it is a great video!
is the most negative #brewers fan I've ever met.
SHE writes teen boys perfectly :)
yeah, I did! We're your cousins over not too long ago??
THEY SAVED THE BEST FOR LASTT. HYFR.
My dad told me UPS and DHL were hiring warehouse positions in NKY but I can't seem to find anything about it. Anyone know anything?
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever !!!!! www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php
I know the feeling. I really would love to catch up and hear about life for you out there.
get my outline email?
46B should be enough to start countering all those millionaires who are trying to destroy our education system by privatizing it
I'm still trying to get in contact with some of them. Stay tuned.
I just love the new season of Celebrity Apprentice! Gary Busey makes me laugh in every episode. Can't wait for next week!
At 16, after hitting driver while TW lays up with iron - if Phil makes this birdie Tiger may WD
none of you are good enough to win it on your own like
Cats fed. Busy planning day and to hit my backed up paperwork.
I have literally been thinking that same thing for the past 5 hours
Haha I'm going back to my Arrogant Bastard. I like hoppy bitter stuff.
Fitness is the key to winning tennis. It will help your footwork and your mental game.
I'm hungry
We need to hurry up and learn about southeast Asia. I'm so ready to go HAM on that unit. Learning about China is boring!
L&O:SVU got renewed, Alcatraz cancelled. Mom's 1-1 today on her shows.
The Book of Poems of That Traveler is doing very well its looks to me. The next Poetry Novel is even better.
Lol we ll see RT : miss you too T hopefully I get down they're soon to see ya
haha~thnx. i haven't seen them in awhile.
Not even on YouTube?
Broken Phone.
I love you and i'm ready too!
Medical emergency 400 blk E Baltimore St, Red Light District.
Played two hours of basketball today. Forgot how much I love the game.
yeah! RT : you know want would be great, to take #exfmpresents out on the road and bring to Ireland/ Europe
I have absolutely no idea what that means! :-)
you better slap that home wrecking slut!!
yes, having read the book, it makes it easier to understand what is happening in parts.
lml that sounds god (:
Find out why Seth hasn't been in touch with Piper. Get ready for today's BLOWN OFF- it's up in 5 minutes!
Yeah, SNU has to be close. I can't complain though - SNU and NTS both treated me well financially.
[quivering lip]
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is ready to die any time.
You know the words. So sing along for me, baby.
Councilman from Memphis says only one public housing building remains in the city of Memphis. Wow!
Oh my gosh, I do!
I never realized I was so influential with regards to cricket!
i know I was really getting pumped to feel weird after #GBDSCSUYT with you. But November for sure!
happy made up holiday from a bullshit company that prints dumb words on wasted paper day. fuck you.
Take a bath, woman, for fuck's sake!
Harvest season is approaching! Stop in at Paradigm Gardens for all of your Gardening Needs!
DrawSomething would be perfect for the insomniac... if anyone else was awake to play.
He's got a kid but there's another one with a kid, the one who wrote her letter, he's cute, too.
I thought I've seen your reel up on tons of auditions. different reel?
Do u got SWAG ?
One more stupid love song ill be sick..... What song is those lyrics from? FIRST ONE TO ANSWER GETS A SHOUTOUT!!!!
Hi, thank you for the retweet :>
How is this?
Tell us your favorite baseball memory. It can be from your childhood, a game you attended or just a baseball moment that you remember.
You've just been hacked by the fucking amazing :D I love you, my merchbitch!!!
up to you;D where ya from again?:)
<3 thanks for watching us!
In 2007 Alex Rodriguez became the 1st player since Roger Maris to lead in HRs, RBIs, and runs.
Makin mad coffee at
Do you do interviews as well? I have a story I would like to get covered?
watched Anton take 20-minute lesson inswoord fighting at local medieval festival, chilly sunny day
Next time im goin for A++++PLUS RT made the night absolutely wonderful! A+++ on hospitality & service!
I think the women in his life were much more interesting. From Katherine of Aragon to Catherine Parr, they all were fierce.
discovered that I had about 200 text messages pop up in my in box. If I had not answered you, I am still going through messages.
The situations I get into.
IM jealous i always wanted to visit Italy.. trying to get a passport for this feb!!!!!
Herman Cain suspends Presidential Campaign..... but vows to not go away..
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
Happy International Women's Day..
Oh of course, but the overall message is what I'm referring to
I don't believe the new #blackberry bold ad campaign is going so well as the phrase "Being Bold" to them means taking pictures on your phone
Why do I even put the Brewers gamecast on? It only ends with me being depressed and turning it off 15 minutes later.
Defend voting rights, register voters, get WI IDs. RT So, that was fun, now #wiunion, what else would you like to do?
so u hate good days??
#toothbrush tip: Choose a brush with round, soft bristles that fits your mouth and replace every 2-3 months!
For YOU I would, but...I don't want to taint my hands with that filthy burgundy & gold. Some of their failure might rub off on me
if not its not a government job.
sorry, it's your bussiness with your ugly soul
awww, hes not a puppy anymore. not that it lasted long cuz dat nigga was always huge. lol. idk how much more he can grow.
"I Left Town" by Julie Doiron. On repeat. Ad infinitum, ad nauseam.
- a friend just reminded me of Dr Octagon.
“: "where them sexy boys at!?" obviously not in st louis.”
figuring out language to address issues- for example it's not complex instead of It's easy!
Sorry for all the trouble and thanks for your feedback. It doesn't look like you are in our system...
“: it'd be nice if you followed me and maybe too? #please” yeah you should follow us.
I want to Be my Teacher i Learn way More Faster than in School Lol Jason Can youh Be My Teacher(: :)ILYShawty<3
Come on yankees lets tack on a couple more
You always fall for the one that won't fall for you
Jefferson County is and so are many of our departments. Check out and our followers.
thanks for tweeting my video for 's "the Stache."
"I know cooler heads should prevail, but am I the only one who wants to see this?" -Rodger Sterling
No hw for me tonight I don't feel like doing it....oh well
haha oh boy! You gotta keep me posted in the good ones!
This seems, to me, the basis of a true equality: I am better than no one, yet no one's better than me.
Salute to the Flight Club Movement ya dig! We are creating a dynasty that will change the lives of alot of people.
Glad to know you disliked your situation as much as I did.
I only date short term these days anyway. Keepin it simple.
Checking out the live ice sculpting on the field house mall!
@ the dentist waiting on my root canal procedure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#thatawesomemomentwhen you see on 1000 ways to die!!! Haha cement is a bitch isn't it :p
Only about 55% of Americans know that the sun is a star! #that'ssad
No, thank you!!! I'm sorry I couldn't get you that many followers. Over the weekend I'll try again when more ppl are on(:
lol I still remember jamming to "sexy back"
I WILL be finishing this bag of Wheat Thins.
Hooray--they are gone. Ah, the power of Twitter and cc:
#FF my favorite die-hard Lakers fans !!!
And a part of me wants em to.
85°F Yeah Buddy! Happy Monday
door guy is here! crossing my fingers for a successful installation!
"The sardines in this can are not eponymously packed." May I say this, or does 'eponymous' entail something being named for a proper name?
Protest Mayor's cuts 2 the library! This Monday. Central library. 9:30am. www.savethelibrary.org.
“I believe that every single event in life that happens is an opportunity to choose love over fear.” ~Oprah Winfrey
^: Spring Break is right around the corner! What are you doing?
I lied I'm turning 19 and I forgot. :/
thanks for having us at the concert, what a great lineup!
Best christmas ever!! My parents got me the cut out. So happy.
We are looking forward to seeing your room! We love working with you!
Let's go Bulls!
but for real, Ne'Aisha don't subtweet me no more, mention me for now on
#Atlanta #Norcross #Lawrenceville #Dakalb tune into via smartphone or net
Want to "Think Abstractly?" Join us for our Part I of our Western Roots series at 6:30 on May 17th for a discussion of American...
Finally caught a break! Locked keys in truck - $85 quote - reg cust is a locksmith & happens to show rt then..2tacos&Fries = best barter EVA
With the 99 rebuild, the pier renovation & add ons, a possible basketball team & new arenas ... We're in there.
Picked up my 1st batch of veggies (lettuce, asparagus, green onions, spinach) from local farms subscription. Goal is use up everything.
We're all born to express, not impress
trying to figure this out
Welcoem to our new followers!
Ah! Basecamp is down! Anyone else having this problem?
The only way I can achieve my dream is to wake the fuck up
So the power went out at school! Florida weather! it always rains we got a bad storm
I never imagined My place I call home, can be such a hell hole to me.....
Because it's my favorite letter of course! That's why!
ask, access, analyze, attribute
Ma, I made it…Top of the world! - White Heat, spoken by James Cagney
X-POSED BRIK
Hey buffalo united this isn't street ball ,so stop be scummy
Playing some BMad mixes at my cousin's graduation party. Everyone is loving them! Great job
thanks for the mentions! cheers
I wouldn't never want to get burned again ever.
Everything is fine on Cloud 9!!!!
Waiting to be convinced that community managwment doesn't work i#octribe # w2e
thank you so much . I dont wanna be annoying but i think twitter didnt work you are not following me :/ <3
goodmorning world! I'm having a soccer game today, soo.. leggo!!
Summer Heights High... Gonna pee myself.
just fine?
oh yes, definitely agree. The toilet is a good place to spend your saturday evening. :)
R.I.P Austin Arnold </3 I didn't really talk to you but you were a great friend to many of my friends. R.I.P
Angie hurt my feelings . She just threw it away.
Thanks for continuing to @ me Adeline!
While browsing around for interesting design ideas
I'll believe it when I see it. NBC would have to be stupid to pull that. P&R and 30 Rock are two of most popular comedy shows out
glad to hear that! Good luck :)
love the pics!
Misreading signals, attachment issues.
beautiful dirty dirty rich rich dirty dirty BEAUTIFUL DIRTY RICH
If they really wanna talk to you, they'd write to you first without any problem.
Jagr looks 25 again. He loves playing against the Pens.
I'm following!! Hoping my chances are double!
SYP: Does trivia at The Old Toad offer prizes like a smoking donkey or a Show World cert? I think not. Wed at 8pm. Cya there.
and I spy
I had Michigan St. in the title game losing to #UNC. My
I swear you watch to much Martin.lol RT : Ricky Fontane, Pretty Ricky what they call him
I dont! It's pretty messed up!
ready to fail gym tomorrow? ;)
c u's in d morning :D
I thought more people would be happy about this.....WE HAVE 305 PEOPLE IN THE FLASH MOB AND A FEW MALE DITECTIONERS! "Yay!" -sarcasm-
Lol well sheesh! Tell me how you really feel! Have u ever actually watched it though?
I need a social media dictionary! I dont understand what RTLAMOFU means & many other terms.
Taco bell trip at 10:15 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> wishing my BFF was with us!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
. That's tough 1. They'll announce close to 18K, but will be closer to 17K. Pacers didn't help themselves by laying an egg Sat.
Watching Leaving Las Vegas and searching the bible for the word Songbird.
Brushing my teeth with a sandal
I'm drunk at a freestyle concert. It's awesome.
All gay people will raise gay babies ? Oh yea just like all straight couples raise all straight babies ? -____-
I'll be your trainer/agent
UTH invited by the CG of the Bahamas to speak with students visiting Miami from Bahamas on the subject of cultural/ heritage & eo-tourism
your a beautiful singer.(;
That would be awesome - just create a new account and upload video? Anything else? #FollowBack homie !!
yeah. It's kinda creepy.
you going to Orlando?!
Well... #WA got the highest "access to political process" score, but it was only a D+. Come on, America!
#BroughtonMemories Fights in the cafeteria
I hate seeing dogs I can't have :'(
No goalies on the board huh?
Bash at the beach>>>>>>
ah yes. We couldn't remember
sorry my statuses have been depressing youve helped me alot through all my troubless , i lovee youu!<3
You are foolish to compare understood risk involved in a contact sport, with a team that goes out of their way to hurt someone.
I need a challenge though! What do you think I should try to take photos of? Looking forward to your ideas!
Still have duck tape on the windows from the hurricane that hardly hit in August
Another pathetic Lib attempt at 'humor' about someone on the other side becoming ill or dying. Should he lose his job?
"An idea is just the beginning" - listening to Innovation seminar
RT RT : Everybody does dumb shit in high school. Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay & assaults him
Thank you so much for the "We Are Star Dust" Symphony of Science by MelodySheep Tweet!! Awesome stuff we are! :) ~*~;
There are no failures – just experiences and your reactions to them.
I flew through that series! Loved it.
Wait til we bring this shit back to L.A...
Rt it... I hope she does DM you... I know it wwould make you so happy...
watching spy kids 2.
just a joke about the
Don't acquire undersized, inefficient 2 guard. Really difficult, isn't it?
The wind was definitely not blowing hard today. And how does wind blow away a box braid?
It's good to see Microsoft campaign case studies that finally include some data beyond no. of impressions. Customer voice....
I sneezed out the compulsion.
Some defend "n.i.g.g.a" as being Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished but most who use it on a regular are doing nothing of the sort!?!
its actually decent
Damn good ass finish. That was a pretty good fight!
haha I want to go see The Lucky One lol:)
Sometimes I overstep my bounds but if anything I just care too much. All my love
Short review: Decent flick, but next time - more muppets, less humans (except Jack Black)
Scott Walker = Sociopath -- Rebecca Kleefisch = Train Wreck
Excited I just purchased my first 3A toy, Desert Sand Bertie, excited to learn more. What is the edition size?
Well that sounds reliable RT "Poll" showing Walker up 9 was a one day robo by IL Manuf Assoc, who gives millions to GOP
nothing just woke up, you?:D
Every time I see you...
The first half of the book sparked great discussion! We are discussing the second half at the end of March.
Chelsea Kane got 3rd place on Dancing With The Stars. She deserved to win it all.
BAHAHA #mlanet12 RT : I can't wait for you to stuff my bag! Wait.....
400 followers!!!!! Thanks y'all for the help! ( ) RT
Ortiz loves stickin' it to the Twinkies. Which sounds dirty, but is actually fairly awesome.
does mike rice tweet?
Some things happen just because. Others happen because you got smarter.
I hate when it's 1942 degrees in my room and I can't cuddle with my pillow pet cause it brings too much heat. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Don't let your doubts control your future, control the future of your doubts.
$2 soon to be
Dang Sick Burn
cool!!! Make sure u post them I would love to see!!!!
Going jeans shopping always feels like giving up.
Swarthmore peace collection very helpful. Took over 200 pictures. Not bad considering it was only 2 folders
Ima just keep tweetin random stuff til i get to a reasonable numba. if u followed me it wud mean the world:)
yes i got a 2 hr cardio session I'm about to put myself through at 10 but I love the results !!!!
I Gets High ¿
Looking forward to Terry's Beef Brisket at DCTNG tonight!
Hey buddy, what's your current email? Would love to send something your way :)
Ladies! How would you like to sit at 's table Thurs nite for the #NFLDraft Party? is giving away 4 seats!
Man I just love Mondays.
lol....it still is! Calm down daddy.....
that satement was in retaliation for a snide comment to me in a Dominicks parking lot, no Finn wasn't with me
hahaha i bet its awesome- let me know your results!
good luck with edits and I hope to talk with you next week!
Women always have the last say in an argument, because when men talk, it’s the beginning of another argument
Great time at Paramount for a screening of the ballad of buck trucker had a small role in! Just the beginning of great things to come!
where yo phone ?
So Why Put In The Effort? Lol
I love seeing this kind of collaboration and awesomeness happening in Seattle!
hey!!! I miss you so much!!! How are you?!
Don't miss out!! Winter Wellness Workshop starts in a WEEK ! Contact either myself or Fit Lincoln Park to reserve a spot!!
Niese just owned Sanchez.
I believe we are going to win.
My new commercial agents, Niche & Greta at Bicoastal, are totally understanding that I'm vegan & don't want to support McDonalds.
Traveling is the vehicle which allows the soul to soar beyond physical understanding.
More ways2use Klout? I can't even login right now. Noth'n but error msgs. Y'all have NO Klout right now!
Just ate cereal and it was good(:
ikr! She's amazing!(:
A lot of girls keep their feelings to themselves because they're tired of pouring their hearts out to the wrong guy.
I just wanna punch people with neck tattoos in the throat. Back of the neck is ok. Side. Trashy.
WOW...commercial success-no contest, but lyrics? U have an argument.
He didn't know what to do when I made him move to FL after 34yrs in Brooklyn. Him: "Why is everyone so SLOW here!" LMAO
I figured I just had bad luck, but I checked the stats and discovered that I've lost 53 games of solitaire! SOMETHING is wrong here...
also on Barns and Noble.com and also on most other bookstore web sites too. The Book is called The Book of Poems of That Traveler.
its somethin bout drinkin apple juice at home....it juss taste weird
Gotta piss but dont feel like getting up .
Will see you then!
Also twitter needs a breathalyzer attachment - I got it, I'm in control. Capitalizin' words
“: "It is abnormal for a Christian not to have an appetite for the impossible." - Bill Johnson”
Saw WinterWonderSlam last night w/ Don't miss it if it comes to your area!
Visited for 1st time today. Am hoping to get back for some 'learning to sew (machine)' classes soon.
Unreal. Disgusting. Sick. Awful. I want some of that 40 mill for what this guy is putting me thru
whats for lunch?
Lets network: Blackberry Pin: 21AAAC7E
Friends shouldn't always be negative when you're happy..
you do the same:)
“Man is not a rational animal he is a rationalizing animal.” — Robert A. Heinlein
woke up in a great mood (:
RT : What am I bout to wear tomorrow dude.
Ok negrito RT : Perfect, hol dat down for me :) RT : I was cleaning my room and I found you YEARBOOK!!!!
So the tbell bathroom I just went into has automatic lights. Get classy one time!
#boysfavoriteline "oh you gotta boyfriend ? You act like you can't have friends "
At the after party, still no hummus.
In honor of our Centennial Celebration and our recent academic performance, King County has declared September 30, 2011 Franklin Quaker Day!
that fool can't make up hiis damn mind
Been in a great mood today. Wonder what the world is coming to.
Everyone welcome Mr. Chauncey Billups to Twitter!
ohkayy :) that's fine thank you
#thoughtsduringschool I Wanna Go Home
In order for you to open up more completely to a new level of yourself, you need a working relationship with your inner child.
Bitch im on GRINDMODE!
Watching Backstage Rush again (:
But this one part scared emma and i. It was really funny cause we curled up into a fricken ball.
ugh my friend
#Feastpdx is so excited to be working with ! Don’t miss all the amazing things #Oregon has to offer, visit traveloregon.com
Is Baylor the most overrated basketball team in the country? I think so...
Guy Pearce has joined the cast of Iron Man 3. Scarlett Johansson will be back in this one also. The movie is being film close to me
thanks very much, Christine, much success to you in all of your endeavors!
RIP Paul Motian.
Can someone tell me how much time there is left in the Mavs game?
Christians will over pay for a well prepared plate of chops because worthy is the lamb.
Testing the #lottery theory that one cannot win if one does not play.
no problem<3
Lmao! the huge pants i have to wear for dance! -.-
lol. u sure u dnt got bieber *beaver* fever!?
Lol at bitches who follow you because you follow back & then think you're not going to unfollow them.
Lol I love the way keith smiles. From ear to ear
sounds like you are really into history. Check out Newark Holy Stones.
#np Last to Know - Three Days Grace.
please follow me nick ily<U+E022>
What a week not feelin good :/
shouldve thrown some hot grits her!
Hi !! I'm Lindsay. I lead a 10th grade girls group at FCC. We are SO EXCITED you're here for the summer!! Can't wait to meet you!!
I'm in. Lets do eeeettttt!!!
A tip to any and all web page designers: NEVER have music start playing automatically when I visit your page. I hate that shit.
It really is.
only dial-up at home makes loading everything slow! I can't watch videos either. So when I can take laptop to wireless I catch up.
One last thing: the whiplash I suffered in 1995 which resulted in me throwing my neck out in 2003 has flared up again. I am in great pain.
Because Melo Sucks. He can't get his team out of the first round of the Playoffs.
So cool, dude. Congrats, again.
This game is pretty much over
Total attendance for the National Public Health Week Film Festival hit 590 last night! Thanks for coming, everyone!
Update: Tony Gwynn triples bring in 3 runs giving the #Dodgers a 4-2 lead over the
make me
6 hours of work tonight & 6 hours of work tomorrow then I'm headed for St. Louis!!
Yikes! RT : bring me some food lol
I would like to place an order for a case of this snake oil. RT It's just come to my attention that I'm a snake oil salesman.
That's because peanut butter cups contain the 4 main food groups > fat, sugar, salt & chocolate
#GiantsLoveJordan i like that one.
Ah so exhausted! Resting up for NYE :)
Helping out Hearts & Hands with their monthly grocery distribution to an average of 300 residents.
just landed at LAX!
In #libraries, bookends aren't usually used in pairs. They don't sit on the park bench like old friends. Library bookends are loners. Rebels
compelling themes for novel
stare su twitter ascoltando I FEEL SO CLOSE TO YOU di cody simpson un sogno
Enjoy! Wish I was there! :)
I'm surprised #SuperMoon doesn't have corporate sponsorship.
Watched the whole kill bill.... again
Um what project?
We have a few favorite apps, but AAC is not an area we specialize in...we have colleagues who do!
good point. Although I prefer blue moon
should be #teamfollowback so everyone would be happy(:
is there a way to swipe between conversations in the mail app? Having to go back to the inbox after each email is a deal breaker.
nice stuff! We'll have to talk this weekend.
Revenge = the best drama on television
Blazers trail by 12 headed to 4th. Looked very good at times, but turnovers have hurt.
Spinning some Bloc Party in remembering they are putting out a new album this year. Can't wait! "A Weekend in the City" = underrated.
Started off 2012 by having a great dinner with the wife and the little man. Can't beat that!
:D No problem sometime people just need a reminder! :P
Spamming twitter is like my favourite past time now.
Is there a reason why everyone is insisting on being extra annoying today?
Of course parros won that
A little bit Hunger Games, a little bit Buffy The Vampire Slayer. - at
I just don't need the oomph of a MacBook Pro. And I can't remember last time I used the optical drive.
..!~_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I knew it!
And did you hear about how she handled the kid from #makeawish? Not a fan. Thanks for making me laugh today
thanks for checking in with Glenn, and congrats on your Superstar status!
At cassell........sneeking on the roof...my friend is pissin on the school saying I ate school.....I hate the teachers xDDDDDD
ive had twitter for like 3months and still dont know how to use it smh
Well we will be on a lot more :)
hell yeah!
oops. Didn't realize bitly links are case-sensitive. Thanks!
It's OK to buy Kindles AND Nooks AND iPads.
We're chuffed to announce as an official sponsor of #THATCamp Games!
lol I hear that
venting about everything from SIUC till now this song cold and deep at the same time everybody should feel this one here
um...have you seen back to the future: part 2?? That IS the future. Period.
Ugh I am very disappointed in the bears, all I got to say is Frank Omiyale is useless, he is by far the WORST offensive lineman in the NFL.
"I don't vote, I just rely on God" has to be one of THE MOST ignorant things I ever heard. We have to put in work, even with our faith.
Hungry And Tired <<<
Thanks Mindy! It's great serving w/ colleagues like you!
yep... i collect random candy wrappers ... !
you make my day by posting the realest tweets bro !
:D RT : Haha no hitchhiking is not in the plans... :-P cc
Fuck. That sucks. Is your 360 completely busted or did I read that correctly and you have a newer one?
Whn we discuss how 2"provide" quality Educ., R we assuming their is always an active & ambitious, and engaged "recipient?"
I wish I was graduating kindergarten in 2 weeks instead of high school
Directioners aren't just fans there family.
Mr.Quarrels was bout to get some words too ! # Ugly self "/
Yep, went 18-13 in his first season (2007-2008), then lost the first two games of his second season (2008-2009).
#smx target competitors fans. Target competitors negative keywords.
Have two new student films lined up to shoot.
Is so much beeter than Anthony
Looks like buying elections works for who spent $50,000 on this MMSD school board race.
So my trash can ended up in the Bermuda triangle and my car got booted for parking at mcdonalds and going to kiva juice. Lame.
awhhh :( I have them too. Like when the weather keeps changing, they get bad.
i dont know what it is, but you always seem high when you tweet
KARAOKE at Vintage on Prospect tonight 10pm.
THINK PINK but dont wear it. - Uncle Karl
Haha :) I'm looking forward to no school for a while, but ill miss everyone!
To all my vegans friends. I understand that eating meat is disgusting to you, but so is the warmth and stench associated with a hummus burp.
Hi I'm Mandy and I'm dying of hunger. Someone bring me a dozen donuts and some OJ. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Good look OG
Text Columbus to 82672 for updates from the campaign!
I missed it. We're lap-sitting?
who names their kid Metta World Peace anyways?
hello tyler(: im raquel
tea was lovely!
“: Stevie G different class to any midfielder on the pitch.....still got it! Doubters pipe down!” Seconded
Thanks! We are excited to get our new designs out soon & appreciate any ideas you'd love!
Nice to work w/ you guys. Even though I didn't really see you.
AAWW IT LOOKS SO KUTE AND I LIKE THE ROC ROYAL ONE TOO U SHOULD TEACH MHE HOW TO DRAW BUT THANKS
2: i am obsessed with choclate 1: i am a big time rusher i cry when btr win sumthin cus i am so happy and i am sensetive about btr follow me
Not failure, but low aim, is a crime. - James Russell Lowell
Hey! Berkeley wants to use one your tweets in our new social media flyer! Would that be ok with you?
It was very nice meeting you. please reach out anytime
Sprinkles cupcakes line is down the block! FINALLY in Chicago (on Walton) and people can't get enough!
Hi Jason, just read your tweet. I'll look into what happened and get back to you today.
ainevano it was after midnight. aisus...
So I may have given myself a concussion by accidentally slamming my head into my towel rod... Now I have to wake up every 2 hrs..
Andrew ( ) is behind the bar enjoying a Strongbow and pouring shots. He also is serving EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9.
I'd rather skate against Iron Maven.
caged :) mtv one of the best and real show love it
Reinventing urself starts with u. Grab a piece of paper and fill it up with ideas, then ask god to sign off for approval.
Finally At San Diego <333
party having a blast #WHCD weekend
Please keep Lanae and her family in your thoughts as they work through tough times.
Woke up in a great mood till i realized im missing the carny today,oh well...
hey internet. Who is cooler: Harrison Ford or Jeff Bridges?
I bet Skittles profits are through the roof
will be speaking to in November about personal branding! Thanks in advance Laura!
So the boy comes up here & asks for keys for a Chevy. I was super confused until I realized they were sitting on the counter next to me. The
do you still have my number?
the lions on the move
share some lol
you're very welcome! hope you're well enough to enjoy a BIG turkey dinner on Thurs :-)
Come celebrate James' B day tonight at Shank Hall 9PM
: Do you really know what "je te mange" mean? Basically, you're telling your friend that you want to eat her. ???
I deleted mine this is all I have now & instagram
42 Wallaby Way Sydney
Not a fan of all the shaky stuff in west conshohocken.
Gilbert who?
thank u
Get your signed copy of inkBLOT at A&W Collectibles Tailgate Author SIgning 3714 Richmond Rd - Keswick VA Saturday 10-2pm :)
it feels Good to have Resses Again ! :D
smoking butts, drinking, wandering Texas. Good times.
Men in collared shirts with puppies. I love you, Chicago.
What do you do when all of your motivation is gone?
best thoughts for Dad
getting ice cream cake then going to watch final destination 5.I'm scared.I know it's not scary but I get scared either way. DON'T JUDGE ME!
When JR plays great we're an incredible team!
I may or may not have encouraged it. ;)
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>by the end of the week I'll be free of the bs
going to watch Kevin Na at TPC.. one of the strangest approaches to golf you'll see, takes forever and curses after warm up shot
Took another look at the last scene (thanks YouTube!)...it was Karl Mayer (Richard Burgi), who I mistook for Paul Young.
Philadelphia Eagles plug several holes at once by drafting Brandon Boykin
the werks this Friday at the Madison! Come with us :)
3 years without a dentist appointment, zero cavities.
I hate it when people try to tell ME what I said.
Thanks for the follow and congrats on the Conan show!
Beautiful! I loved it!
just 4 more days ... I feel like its been months ahha
Why is the time on my received texts off 3 hours when I'm in school ?
someone should let Bo Ryan know.....
Great inspirational speaker Eva Self said - if He is in your dreams, your dreams will come true. I thank God I was able to hear her witness
letters of recommendation are the bane of my existence.
Going to be playing with Final Cut Pro today! Anybody have any tips for a beginner?
Ugh time to get moving
Knowing that Austin is having the time of his life right, now makes me happy. I love seeing him happy :)
Happy Birthday!!!!
boozer was the only starter to not miss a game this yr. PF is ok for now, #bulls need another G who can create his own shot
no idea what you're talking about...
Hey!!!! check it out... www.fashionplumes.com and u can buy these at our salon too :)
Excuse... Excuses... Excuses...
Nelly is here!
Honestly, do you have time for frenemies? I know I don't....Should we just go ahead and cut those energy vampires out of our lives?
Bill Gates donated close to $100 million to fight AIDS in India
I LEAD U FOLLOW RETWEET THIS
We may only have tonight so until the morning sun you're mine <U+E022>
red bull and red bull!
He still should have had water instead of beer, DUMMY! RT Charles Barkley just said Nuggets better then Knicks
Good luck at the BAFTAs tonight!!
If you know how it feels to have your own insecurities pointed out why would you ever point out someone else's ?
Hahahahaha RT : Hey , the Vikings got you a present.
The Star-Ledger Business section has a new Twitter feed. You can follow me and my colleagues
gotta watch the shit that I blurt out
Congrats! We cracked 20 last yr. Celebrating on separate coasts, which is more the result of circumstance than a plan.
how do i delete an account?
Jacob Nielsen on several divides: economic, usability, empowerment.
So proud of Norfolk state!
finally became sufficiently worried about delicious to sign up for
Love this podcast did about Twitter. #AWD3302 students, what do you think?
Handled like a pro!
Thank you Chris Lytle
Rest in peace Betty Ford you lived a long and exciting life! Thanks for your service
can u plz follow me i love you. u and danielle r so cute <3
Your team is awesome. Thank you for all you guys are doing for
LOL. Bitch, you think I'm serious?! XD OMFG HAHAHAHAHAHHHA. Bless your heart.
Dr Richard Horton of medical journal, Lancet, outlines their concerns over the regulation of medical devices by private providers.
Is pretty concerned that I am forgetting everything I learned in college because I'm not using it. I'm getting stupider by the day.
Happy for Roberto & team. The good guys do win sometimes !
You never cared about me .. oh well its super bowl time <3 !
“: Ed Miliband: there are more pandas than tory mps in scotland”// Let's keep it that way.
Eating beef stew while walking, after drinking for 12+ hrs, while wearing a white shirt, may not have been a smart idea...
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our Annual Conference in June!
thats cool... fri is the main event anyhow. im gonna swim in the alum meet - come watch!! ill leave those youngsters in the dust
Boo. One of those relationships. Last time I went through one of those it def made me stronger. You'll be better for it!
ha. Well I do talk ... Crap
wow. really?
wow that's pretty cool...hopefully no crazy there lol
...she's better looking than EA too...
Off 2 Tan and take some test shots after Talk to chas later
are you in Indy for Playboy party tonight?
that would e been bad!
LOL But, agree.. most of the GREAT scary movies came out of the 70s and 80! haha
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at SPARKY'S... & at AREA 31
Uniforms, embroidery, screen printing, 954-245-8380 - Servicing #Pembroke Pines, #Davie, #Weston, #Miramar, and the rest of
cutting it pretty close there =)
This guy is crazy RT : Jets-Eagles Super Bowl?
p.s. when can we have a pool & BBQ day? :-) Dublin or SJ?
cuz I'm a perv but i'm also a real man with some wisdom and life experience.
Read my tweet!!
damn peopleont know when to quitt.
"Nah uh Mr. Jackson!"
She took me to New York to have my voice evaluated by a great teacher I wouldn't have any of it without her
You can't undo the past, but you can try.
what time? I have a meeting at 7 and need to feed the dog and put her outside after work or she will go crazy.
Where's my sequined glove?! So excited for tonight's Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour with Cirque Du Soleil
Just shipped 3 flavors of Y2C to www.lisasglutenfree.com for blog review. She will host a contest to giveaway 3 containers Y2C!
the amount of anything being mainstream is irrelevant.
haha I know .... It's top secret ....shhh don't tell anyone lol miss u
Anyone? Anyone? Talent needs representation. RT : I think an agent that specializes in toes would be fantastic...
We want to thank everyone for coming out this weekend! It was a blast :) Book your party today for this weekend...it's only 4 days away!
Still trying to decide what feels better, gym in the #am or after work? Let's see how it unfolds this week.
Open our usual hours tomorrow in case of candy cane overload. 11-10 at Bayview 11-midnight at North Ave.
Would you like to talk to me again or are you just waiting for me to make the first move??
they are so simple ,
I love pasta in the morning.:)
#ISupportSameSexMarriage if it makes the people happy, then i'm happy :)
How deep, do you want me to go? Do you want me to speed it up, speed it up or go slow...
It was frog disection day, I smuggle in a live frog & switch it with the teachers demo. #BestPrankEver until she stabbed it with her scalpel
That parcel wasn't your book! Finally got it from post. Never came?
it won't be the same w/o Leah and Holly so you might lose a #1 fan
I only insult those who I love.
yes! thank you :D
where is your bruise?! maybe were twinns... 0_0
I'm glad that Lambeau is still rocking Jock Jams after all these years.
I'm having trouble processing the fact that Jason Giambi's career is still going
...rounds of virtual tweet shots.
Fear and Loathing In Wonderland #IfHunterSThompsonwrotechildrensbooks -Andrew M,
did u get my last tweet???
Hey guess what? I love you :) with all my <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Yeah RT : Coming soon to the former home of , bringing good food, beer, wine, and cocktails BACK to the village!
Figured as much, I just wanna see RiRi RT : So we went and seen the movie Battle Ship, its ok iight wasn't all dat...
#NBC - you have wronged us by cancelling #Kings. Has it been so long since you've had one, that you no longer recognize a great show?
still ill :/ atleast im a tiny bit better :(.
Just use my guestlist tonight tell them Travis Sosa! nightclub for free admission! Only
Sure did! 6 am :) RT #GoodMorning! How are you all today? Anyone get their workout in for the day already?
#FF awesome writers
i know but who were they? :p
Do u know when the ABC upfronts are?? Dying to see how many eps we're getting!
we're excited to be working with you too!!
Sure! Happy to add more Interests to the site. I'll DM with more info.
im the #luckiestgirl :]
On The Communications Blog by - Want to Change Your Brand’s Identity and Platform? Do it Thoughtfully : wp.me/pZXZB-45
He isn't even saying anything that's bad, but I'm still nervous....
How is Limp Bizkit a trending topic?!
Penny and Emma from Beth of Chicago, IL After our 14 yr old lab etc. mix died, we were looking for a laid back companion for our remainin
you are beautiful & one of the sweetest people i've ever met. you don't deserve hate. infact, no one does. stay strong. <U+2764>
Hey there Louisa-- when is summer coming this year?
No joke, I actually just dug out/used the textbook from a PR case studies course I had with and forever ago.
steve carrell is my new favorite person
ok got it.
Goodnight ladies , Say it back please ^.^
Chick-fil-A has a hidden location at NYU... not impossible for a non-student to slip in!
Hey Ladybird!
Just got blood bones and butter. Cant wait to read!
Monte thanks so much for saying that. I'm sure this will get cleared up eventually.
QUE BUTT<U+2665>
Carey Price had to hurry up an swallow...nothing new to him
If you base your voting decisions on a single issue I seriously question your judgement...
kind of admire the woman eatinf from a coconut on the plane. i'll stick with peanuts?
Thanks Michael. We appreciate the sentiment.
Absolutely! God is worthy of all the praise!
and that's what matters
Week 2 on the 2-1-0 Mic Pass is (Big Rob) Tune in to on 98.5 The Beat! prod by Follow us!
I'm a cookie addict. Loud and proud. I can't beat it.
It's counterintuitive, but I appear to have less cervical pain the more I play golf. Can I start deducting my rounds as legit med expenses?
ok lil bro dang
TRAFFIC: Crash SB Stoughton Rd between Cottage Grove Rd & Buckeye - car in ditch
lol, please share!
haha(: it tickles! tweeting on me.. HAHAHA!! stopp it:D
Thank u! We definitely will! ": You are all beautiful ladies! Enjoy your day of beauty!"
10,000 was the goal. But at least get 1,000 followers. Only 300 more!!! Come on people!!!
Tell Will & and Jaden To Follow Me Because I Am There Cousin They Just dont know it Get Them To Notice Me And I Can Prove it
It's Van-tastic Friday! Tell us how you'll use our new Zipvans and you could win $15.75 in driving credit. (Keep it family friendly)
omg! I told to put tooth paste in an oreo and she did! yeah! :)
Q2: Too complicated for my taste.
My mom just texted me "No Dick Clark jokes!!" I texted back "I never knew you liked dick so much."
The future you see is the future you get. ~Robert G Allen
me too. condos can be a pain
I know but forreal, you always do...
Nick Cannon is trending.....hahaha you suck.
Hi Ian NY loves you! Safe travels! Will you be doing any meeting with fans at all in NY?
Whoa! 100% pure Alpaca wool yarn!
Yo homie come fuck wit use at Saturday or Sunday if you still in town!!
you look very familiar for some reason i just cant put my finger on it. do you stay in chicago?
don't spam me!
I've got #coffee and a #WIP here too Donna. Let's do this.
omg good luck :)))
When im sleepy, im too honest
Thank you! It was amazing!
Does that mean u had respect for it at one point?
haha that makes me feel a little better.
Just booked some studio time to record our new album. Oh hell yes.
We are a full service law firm helping residents of San Diego with civil, criminal, and family law issues. Free consultations! Call us!
Ok, so I wanted a shot of espresso in my chai to wake me up a bit. Wow. Probably didn't need it at all.
This panel could use rep from the endemic brands like garmin, fitness peaks, etc
30% of the profits from Tim Green's Unstoppable (sports story bout surviving cancer) will go Center for Survivorship
It's lunch time! What's on your plate?
way to go b&w hobby. we were too busy drinkin' to answer poor
People you should follow! :-)
Cardiologist appointment today. I'm only 6 years late. Shouldn't be a problem.
I'm Brook and I approve Salem Creek Greenway I just finished a 7.04 mi run with a pace of 9'09"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
$200.3 million opening weekend. #TheAvengers earned it. Well done cast, crew, , and Joss Whedon.
Dmb- you and me. Makes me think of him <U+2764>
Ok. I'm sure it says that somewhere and I missed it, cause I wouldn't have waited 2 months if I knew that. Thanks though.
I'm holding down the fort for you! After this, I'm done for a long time! :)
Let's do this
Hey fellas! #Follow Weist-Barron go to their website for #acting classes. br8k legs, happy holidays!
not sure; including devs, designers and web producers, easily 50+, mostly doing nat'l prod. work
When you have friends that are so fake it's not even funny. You really don't know what to do with them.
hi beautiful
In midtown with my godsis & her hubby being introduced to Nashville night life.
Thumbs up for 's JCP commercials
Larry Cote, previously Associate Chief Counel at the Drug Enforcement Adminstration, has joined the D.C. office of Quarles & Brady as a par…
was he anything like he is on Kitchen Nightmares?
how come you didn t come to school today ?
I LOVE DOUR
working just fine now, thank you!
All females wanna good nigga, some betta get em while there around fo they miss out on happiness
we presented this morning so now its time for play :)
thank you for joining us!
KG. love watchin him play
The lion king has me bawling my eyes out , whyd you have to be such a jerk scar :'(
": Having to pitch against an old team and knowing everyone on the team #awkward #sorrynotsorry #pitcherproblems"
been on a 70's show itch for like the last week and thought, i know who ima follow! My favorite person on the show!!!
Tumbleweed tonight for Bday dinner but the real fun will be on Saturday morning! The Stampede mud obstacle run!!!
": "Forget the past cause you can't change it...and forget the present...cause I didn't get you one" - "
you're so luckyy! i wish i lived there, america's just so cool<U+2665>
that's my show..
Let's Go UCONN !!!! #ilovewhen I am right....UCONN is going to slay Butler!!
*sneaks about campus*
top headlines all about #poverty today. Check it out!
Happy to connect with a fellow Coloradan, Kevin! Hope things are great for you up in Denver.
Visited their Facebook page. They have the fans, sure, but there is almost no consistent engagement. So, how valuable are they?
Im about to be super busy.
hahaha "these are a few of my favorite thingss"
So what my life is a party.. Why shouldn't it be? I party and you watch. We both get pleasure out of it.
probably just wasted a lot of money at rodeo drive... (:
RT if you love ranch sunflower seeds...
roosevelt and western at aceso's
I woke up early for my moms to say happy mothers day & I ask her " you want some breakfest " she looked at me & laughed & sed " Stop" lml
Something for app developers to think about: Instagram might have been free, but they ended up making $28.57 per download.
That was so embarrassing haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
: Different question? What of unquantifiable things. As method?
Was hopping twisted my ankle now I need first aid lol but foreal who wanna take care of me n my time of pain lol
Thanks! I needed that.
Check in with SPG Creative & Marketing next week to see photos from our Photo Booth at SXSW!
hey!(: do you still have my # ?
YW! thanks for putting some meaningful wine posts together!
i dont care what anyone says. y'all my babies. <3
Prince has the best falsetto I've heard, but The Shins' James Mercer also ranks among one of the best. Mercer's range amazing.
“: U-T ed board meeting makes it clear a nonpartisan candidate clearly has no shot at their endorsement. THIS IS SAD!!!
They had to do, I think, with the riddle of his existence
Awesome! Would love your feedback!
heard u got dem sounds
You want to grade these papers instead. I'll totally trade you.
MUST<U+2665>Follow my friend X
lol it needs to be june bad.
I <3 my new boss. Seriously, he's great so far. And working for a CTO is very VERY cool - I'm learning tons! And yes, I know I'm a dork. :P
PLEASE FOLLOW ME (:
I am more likely to get struck by lightning 500 times than win tonight's jackpot. Thanks NBC news for bursting my bubble!
Follow us back?:D
It's definitely not Mizzou's year. They got lucky this year. :P
Prayers 4 safe journey home 4 all #gc2012 delegates Well done good& faithful servants We can agree that u have been faithful in your service
Eventually, with global warming, people from northern Europe will have to live underground, where we'll evolve into Morlocks.
It's 10 minutes to midnight. Perfect time for a jackhammer and street repair.
good advice although not all interview subjects are suited to an ECU.
Life is an uncertain journey. Trust the Lord in all that you do and you will never be lost...
I gotta lighten up like Sammy Sosa and live la vida loca
Miss who?
I bet knows who can pitch a tent! Hehehe...
As is Georgia, and I agree it certainly isn't all money. Learning process overall is approached poorly.
Old magazines in the waiting room.
I think nothing really happened you're just getting us all excited, am I right?!
Our free Brown Bag Lunch talk on the Battle of Hampton Roads & the 1st meeting between 2 ironclads starts at noon. Come on down.
Long day! GOOD DAY! Good live show! Huzzah for Thursday!
Oh, you put out golden tickets so people can meet you ? I'm deff getting up from my bed to go purchase some chocolate
Damn, I learned #SaySomethin lyrics in 2 hours. :D
yes I don't Noe who that is but bye
When someone is eating something I secretly wish I was eating & they offer me the rest.
seriously tho guys, i need you to pray for me lol i took a huge exam today and i need to do good. you too, please help hahahah
leah you need to stay off my twitter. foreal.
Thanks for following us! and for your tweet :)
Liking this new rotation
It's only after we've lost everything that we become free to do anything
We have a Barbie doll. Bratz dolls, and a clown that puts 50 pounds of make up on. Oh and vampires. Awesome
i vote to bring drew back. She deserves it.
I remember the 1st season. Stopped watching after that. :-(
make it a vampire baby, because we also hate twilight.
Balk, not ball. Damn auto correct.
2k followers!!! Thanks that Follow me!!!
Thank you for the birthday wishes. :-)
Thanks, I'll make sure to check out that exhibit when I visit the museum.
He better heal cause he will be very needed this season. Chicarito!!!!!! Man United!!!!!!
Art walk in DTLA then EXCHANGE LA for the After Party! Dirty Disco, House, Mash up, body painting & showcasing artist and art. FREE ENTRY
We are getting excited for vision expo, are you? RT this!
It's been so long but it's great to have the crew back in town. It's a beautiful day and I am OPEN tonight.
So Freestyle ballet stomping to death metal goes down ok on the streets of santa maria ... fuck it, they stare at me anyway
My dad signed the permission slips and I'm going to Washington, D. C. this summer! :D I can't wait!
oh stop it
accepting donations for a memorial bench to be installed in Lisa's hometown of Mesq...for more details: www.fortheloveoflisa.org
Much cold weather in North Texas today! Anyone else braving the horrible weather?
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other - Erma Bombeck
whats up sir!
don't tell us the bill #, just tell us what it does and how it screws us.
I will be doing some Clubing in Buckhead southern party life
ratchett, haven't heard that in a minute
": - zero - I've been outta shooting for five years. Did you think I was still shooting weddings?"
THANK U lil mama
Happy Pi Day everyone! #3.14 #math sucks
Give it all to the one who's life saved mine
Where can i get your book?!? I cant find it anywhere ! :(
Best way to ship shoes? Ideas? Suggestions?
how you know!! lol
Likely Epitaph: Here lies John so drunk He fell from his boat and drowned Embracing the moon.
Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoosiers!!! Great win. Showed some fight and finishing ability I haven't seen out of this team in a few years!
. ! I simply love her! Thank you
Supposed to be working on a my last group presentation, but I'm too drained to give a fuck at the moment...
I want a #17 Knicks jersey.
I hate that I call my barber and he books people before I get here.
COME GET YOUR PATRIOTIC JUNK PIERCINGS!
I suggest packing lite and buying there...cooler fashions & U won't stick out as an 'merican...
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 32
Is in need of some this morning to get me going!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I forgot Mothers Day. Or she would at least try too.. hahaha.
Spring is Here, Air-conditioning & Refrigeration System Tune ups now available 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs :) -- Clint Mcfarland
Wah. I have a headache, and I need to be pleasant in 2 hours.
i cant wait to get off work
BAHAHA. Now you just sound like a southern Italian..nothing good ever came from the south.
Gong Hay Fat Choy! Happy Chinese New Year! It's the Year of the Dragon! Wishing you Happiness, Health, & Prosperity!
Jersey Shore <U+2665>
National poetry month!
Fri 24 Sept 3pm - Iskra Fileva "Do You Know What You are Doing When You Act on Reasons?" Temple U Center for Humanities, 10th flr Gladfelter
...ME??? Trin, where have YOU been? I looked for you last time i was here in the #Twitterverse! No you! How are you?
Baby, I just wanna be back in your arms. You make me feel safe, and I know everything will be okay. I love you. <U+E022>
(c) watch you fucking slowly die omg you wanna fucking hurt and animal I will hunt you down you fucker cut your fucking fingers off (c)
Spark plugs #replaced. Runs better, but not fixed yet. =(
RT this if you are in my #CodySimpsonFanVideo!
the best of both worlds~ and still some time~ left on my hands
you so dont get
just followed me, #YEAHBUDDDY!
ab to do her musical tho.g w the bomb squad We had a great day of filming!!
Attended Sgt.1st Class Petry's Medal of Honor welcome home ceremony today at capitol. MOH recipient "Hershey" Miyamura also there.
Bay View badly misses Bella's. :( Any new place with a decent carryout veggie burger would be appreciated.
Our east coast datacenter is suffering from an outage due to hardware failure w/our upstream provider. No ETA (yet), but updates to follow
Im Not Bipolar Or Mean , Im Jus REAL
Are you still coming to tonight's game? I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple #NewPal students at 6:30pm.
DEY cant beat tha Fuckin Saints either blow out 2013 belongs to
Accidentally just ate a booger. The cons of biting your finger nails.
lol no worried im good
Shoulda known! Good luck dodging Garage Buyers!!
Music from the new club is so loud the room is bumping. Like old Borgata days.
sorry dudes the bill is full but come out and support local music!
I just seen my second grade teacher Mrs. Sacca from Allegheny! Omg she remembered me too!
Must do science review book. Dont have the energy to go downstairs.
"Jesus died like The Triumphant God!"
#SouthFlorida - check us out on #Facebook - browse our catalogs, view our twitter feed, and #Like us! New #holiday catalog just added!
who would u suggest we trust? R U running?
man I thought you had me covered and you were gonna do it...
This is how to 'do the right thing' RT I Apologize To The McClain Family....Please Leave The McClain's In Peace.Justice In Court
Going on an international trip? Need $? TODAY is the last day to apply for International Grants! DUE tonight
Too many choices!! Teaching writing or founding fathers? Hmm
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>Where all my skaterz @?
I didn't think the tweet was that bad. It's sports, get over it.
I love it when Monopoly says it's my birthday so I get $10 from every player :D
I love this review, and am sitting here laughing out loud to no one but my dog. "Ladies, when was the last time...". Nicely done!
grrr i wish u could come with ellee here lol. shes coming in 3 weeks.
I just said excuse me to my cat? Wtf...
“ Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become. — Unknown”
Everyone is entitled to their opinion Jay but everyone also knows that UK is 1 of the top 5 teams. Acknowledge it Knight
underused phrase of the day: subtle as a bull in a china shop.
": If I go to jail for it. Feel like it'd be ok. Like yeah i raped her but... it was Alicia Keys i mean *shrugs shoulders*"
RT Baby I'm yo docta, I could be yo rocker, swaggin' I'm not braggin' but I swear that I could rock ya. ~ Justin Bieber
People need to learn to delete their history on the computer.
Honestly if u have money u won't be throwing out prices and brands u just look like a joke
You remember when Elisha Cuthbert was hot? Yeah. Me too.
This girl rang me up one time, she says "come over, nobody is home", I went over, no one was home!
she says thanks :D and thinks you're very kind :D
We'll be each other freaks :)
. She knows very well about the plague. #Opwatch #Exposed #NYPD #FBI #CIA #Bahrain Spam
Wow!! I Passed 1,000 Followers!(: I Love Y'all And Your Tweets!!
Most uncomfortable morning ever? Yes.
He got mad belts
Somebody is craving your presence. Somebody loves you. Go where the love is.
well, I am off to bed. I guess "nite nite hope the bed bugs don't bite", has a whole other meaning at sea! Enjoy the sharks.
right hand!!! DM me your number! :)
nice! Looking forward to it
When my boyfriend makes me feel stupid and shitty in front of everybody <<<<<<
especially with me being a foodie & constantly seeking non-chain restaurants, I'd say that the algorithm failed
13 hour drive from CO back to wisco w/ 6 family members... Let the fun begin
I'm ready for Miami!!! This trip will be hella fun!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
I didn't do my work because you said it was optional.
LOL ;) RT : What a memorable conference already. Prepare to hear "This one time, at #DevLearn..." for a really long time.
Let's see where we are today. 54 hours of exporting clips...
keep living like theres no limits <3
I gotta see cuz my stupid math teacher called my mom and if I do I was gunna see Isabel
If your insurance broker has not informed you, I will here - premiums are on the rise. Expect carriers to push for 7%-10% increases.
That made me laugh so hard! God I have a sick sense of humor.
what up Coach! Welcome back, ill give ya call later this evening.
PCP in the studio!!
leaving my house in like five minutes but where the hell am i gonna park?
Russ Feingold and Bobby Valentine may well be the same person.
nope didn't get into AZ. Thinking about Louisville but want to talk to you first week of December.
that's right!
Haha all I was thinking about was SIDESHOW, and DA DOUCHE. Funny thing is, Bob actually looks like a Simpson character.
Good morning tweet hearts!
Bigger and better things are just around the corner. Your passion, and talent are going to take you far.
Terrific! Be sure to let us know what you think :)
I'm having heart palpitations like this is really uncomfortable and not good.
Thank you. We love what fans like you are doing by supporting LGBTQ youth!
I want popcorn.
I support a patient-centered approach to healthcare reform. #NC09 #NCPOL #
#BecauseOfChrisBrown Light skinned is back and they don't know how too act.
Will there be a party at the Compound for Amanda Knox if she's freed?
great meeting you and your team at the tradeshow. Will try to make it to 1 of your business events
Hicups, I hate them.
he squeezed lewis earlier. You just can't change midgame and call pitches balls that you had been calling strikes.
they keep roaring past my house. Great sound.
King Hank is in gold-medal form. Not in our house!
We've got some FREE tickets to "Our Latin Thing and N'Klabe" concert this Fri - msg us if u want them. 1st come 1st served
Don't wanna go home. -.-
haha(; well thanks for everything(: ill catch ya later alligator!
I'm honored to be named 1 of 's Humane Advocates for earning a perfect score on 's most recent legislative scorecard
QFT. RT Dear world: I hate talking on the phone. I will not call you. I will not call you back. Use email like normal people.
yes : ) Same & Gotta Be Faithfull Uk.
Old school Britney songs >
I been good wbu
Sweet Indy finish even tho i dont follow the sport.. Sux Danica came so close...
Great night at and Stella McCartney
Ok, come by Thursday around 10 or 10:30 am... will make a special treat for you then.
had minimal lesions so LP wAs next so all within 2 yrs stuff happened I demanded answer got one lol
Yeaa! Never gets old.
How many of you are listening to #TheMikeHellerShow on right now?
if you want then to work... blackberry, if you want them to love you then iPhone
"Everything seems to magically appear when my mom looks for it…" -MOM, I LOST ONE DIRECTION.-
It's 1/2 Price Margarita Day at Moe's today! Get your #TropicalDrink on!
One of my favorite details: Mays went pro in HS w/ the Chattanooga Choo Choos of the Negro American League. One of my fave team names ever.
fine then. I'll tweet a different tweet.
“ no prob. Remember nobody and nothing can change that. You were created to shine. :) amen 1st level of enlightenment
-- yeah, I would love to see that.
“I ask for trust. It is a lot, I know; it isn't easy to give. But it is all I ask.”
leaving tomorrow and i still have to pack......
After a long day, back in the house to discover...the dogs raided the food pantry! Sigh...well, at least they didn't eat my shoes :)
And a hearty congratulations to you as well! Thanks for the tweet out!
thanks again - looks like a great book (I also started following the author you mentioned - )
ROCK N ROLL IS NOT DEAD!!!!!
The prize to the one who can tell me why my son texts me at work to ask what's at home to eat WHEN HIS FATHER IS HOME.
#SLPsnQs For kids with goals in many areas, i use a table (goals down the left, dates across the top) put right into the elec med record
one of you niggas download the dreamchasers mixtape for me.
EVERYONE follow <U+2665>
Whoa ; 6 Miles sounds awfully sweet! Congrats and enjoy!
Thanks so much, Deeone! Enjoy your energy & support! Have a great weekend... to both!
Good morning everyone have a great Thursday!
I know, right? No one has weeded our Internet books section in ages.
Foolow me ? (: please<U+2665>
For those of you who like to wait till the last minute; we have a gift for you! Come after three today and get 50% all desserts! Merry xmas!
Wisconsin is not broke! Except where Walker broke it.
Girl. You are the cutest ahha :) But I dont think Niall has time to come to the musical.. :/
Nice. I actually caught that on 's feed earlier. Where is the fest at? Take it to the limit, then give the limit the finger.
thanks for the RTs. Anyone know a good joke to start us out?
Don't forget to buy the boys' tour DVD.
the way he talks / moves reminds me of Jamie Kennedy in Malibu's Most Wanted. Except even more annoying.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. ~ Vivian Greene
Awesome! Hope you enjoyed! We were probably done with the Archives Crawl by about 1:45 or so. Had a great time.
Going to school. Boring. It's a monday -.-
RT : AMAZING day in the desert! Back at the hotel & I hear is next door at W Doha. #tedxsummit cc.
Regular M&M's are still the best.
So I've completed my one and only sit down final. My next two are both take home essays. By far the easiest semester of finals ever!
Rolling up some Betty White OG (:
What the fffuuu... there's a manicure / pedicure place in my hood that plays BSB?! I wanna go!
I have some good shit! Come over!
I know nothing of horse racing, does this mean u just made lots of cash? Or just get to experience the joy of winning? ;)
My only wish is to die real-
lovvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeee u :D
well that's what I think about my pc haha
#yobitv And...here comes the stereotype part of the show. Apologies in advance to everyone is about to offend...
Me either ;D
Leaders talk so much about being innovative & focus on user centered design but when it comes to learning they forget about it.
Stopping by tonight to see the Melville #Price exhibition!
#ALLIN #CLIPPERS!! RT : no one believes, but we believe! #clippernation . You can take the Spurs
Beach tiñe with the baby and the puppy and others. Whoop whoop!!!!
Shit im so scared
going to scrape some resin
If this #archives thing doesn't work out, I could always be a private investigator.
Thinking bad boy is better than good boy
totally agree. Roku, DirecTV, Comcast, Amazon, even Netflix I think would be interested
oh you fancy huh? nail done hair done errythin did ;)
Finished mowing just in time. Bring on the storms.
I think I lost a tweet. RETWEET: Mostly, I
Why do you say "If I'm louder would you SEE me?"Doesn't make any sense.....
Did pop give you the pictures from your event.??
lovely, really.
Who me? What'd I do? And I'm still waiting btw.
Didn't know that - wonder if when they became friends correlates to Matusz's forgetting how to play
#coldageddon is right on the nose! Well done.
hey just picked up a amazing fox, and feather vest from Saks by Prabal G dying to sport it around town!
#twtbizcard lets try this again
Portrayal of a penguin's digestive system is rather simple. Let's not talk about scale.
It's been a lazy Easter Sunday. Besides resting and experiencing an attitude of gratitude for the "generations of me", I watered my roses.
Just arrived to #sxsw, Where are you?
Some other time grasshopper Lol
I seriously dnt have any patience!!
Portland sucks RT : Downtown is so pretty at night ...no matter the city.
well, im about to chill..... made enough moves for today.
That's a flagrant
": not going to school tomorrow dm me lol" alright i did
what you doing? (boston accent)
L'Hotel Ritz opened in Paris's Premiere Arrondisement on June 1 1898 with a reception that coined the word "ritzy". #SEMI-MONDE Feb 6
I accept ALL invitations to connect on LinkedIn (Open Networker, Lion) No IDK Please send invitations to
one cold imported beer coming your way at Hawaii tailgate.
maybe I'm the only person that doesn't watch any type of sports lol
I do not care about Kevin J Cause it is my Birthday! :D Happy 19th to me! :)
next gen AMRs 2.0 will create local virtual swarms of meters and using event-driven approaches will reduce cloud MDM complexity
Like what-re: FB interesting ways to catch ppl's attention about events...
Loyal Girls Are So Hard To Find These Days
it did! Their salsa was decent as were the fajitas. But now I have a list of Mex rests to try. :)
You wanna talk. You wanna talk about it? There's an elephant in the room
Yep definitely missed the crap out of Chicago. New York, you're cool sometimes but I do not ever want to live in you.
Do you think animated sex is hot?
nah he's not here in person just in their game. 4 player max per game.
they aren't bad, they seemed to have incorporated that extra padding from the adrian peterson commercials where he is a scaled lizard
Las Vegas Prospect's 16u beat the Pumps 16u to show there are still the best 16u in the West
Music store #Rockawayrecords just played "The Doors" and now "The Emotions". The feel and soul of these artists and records.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Wild Member, ANNIE H! Hope you have an awesome day!!!
Just got my car! Yayayaya
yes and some of us just stay there!
oh yess ! you should stop by Reign saturday :)
One day your little games are gonna catch up to you.
If you have to ask, it's not a date...right?
thanks for the lunchtime food for thought! more burning questions & things to mull, but i trust we'll get another chance!
T-CAP...I should be taking C-CAP!
Your RI Riveters are playing in Vermont today! Be supportive and wear red at home!
Damn for getting Selena Gomez stuck in my head. But not really, cuz that's like the best song ever.
My mom keeps joking how my dance team is conforming me since they're making me dye my hair one color and take out my piercings.
Are other sex workers planning going to the town hall in LA tomorrow? Or do you have points you'd like us to get across?
How bad are things getting 4 #LALakers? 4 white giuys on the court @ 1 time last night. And 6 on the roster. Could be a long short season!
Thanks for the tweets lately :)
Ang's argu seems to be that poetry can be politicized only by doing work not reducible to the norms & messages of any given community.
just reading skateboard magazines. On a
"Amen Pastor! Pres. Obama wrong for saying what he did bout dem Gays." *under breath* But I am still going to vote for that Negro.
Thanx, dear. I'll have *tons* of time open, so I'm going to have some side matters first, I think.
How was your day?
Hair stylist #Vidal_Sassoon has died in Los Angeles. I wonder if beauty school dropout is about to play...
Very disappointed - not responding to my emails and taking my money without any respect to helping my issue. :-( Sad.
there is the "Vlad Teppes, the true story of Vlad the impaler" filmed in Romania, where he is a hero
hahahah yes! toasty!
don't despair... We will be back tomorrow for your waffle needs! We will tweet and FB when we are open.
I did bto
Calling all dedicated fab chicks and dudes who are determined to get healthy in 2011. Special pricing for u! www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Huge house djs the are back LA are back and at new club this Thursday. Huge night - The EC Twins are amazing live!
RT : some days should be put out of their misery. - Amen, sister.
#returnonmission -- love it!
Huge undertaking ahead.. My Portland to Coast team signed up to raise 18,000.00 for the American Cancer Society. Any good ideas?
Omg yeah so niley was old news.. Cause Miley loves me(: me and Miley make mogie(: haha or biley! Miam is no longer.. Miley hearts me!
Halo mahomies :D
I WILL :D
we agree!
#ghettocrayolacolors preacher suit purple
Hi there HollywoodPlaza
and also #coeurdepirate may be my new favorite french music
A brand new app, Zwoor, provides real time insights of attendees, speakers and exhibitors with social media channels.
Why are honest vendors so hard to find these days?
Headed downtown to the tribe game with dad.
No fixed monthly account feeAnd ways to save every day
LA is definitely the best place to be. 90% of film productions are here.
That's a good one, but have to put them n tier 2 “: UCONN might have a case otherwise I'd agree #ncaabb”
New Faculty Orientation scheduled for July 11th in the Alumni Center. Contact the Office of Faculty Affairs & Diversity for more information
RT : Don't know whether to wear shorts and flip flops or a snow suit
J.K. Rowling, you are brilliant.
What's good, Cleveland? ;>
YES! : If you are looking for real world customers to test out your products. Try a public library. Ask me how #sxsw #disruptsu”
Getting ready than OUT for the night.....
Sunday Funday Football!!!! Join us for Drafts and Wings Soecials and a Heck of a lot of FUN!!!
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommended it daily. — Zig Ziglar
Come, bring the whole family for Puss in Boots tomorrow at the FFL at 2pm! Bring yourselves and we will bring the popcorn!
Whoah. is following me? Awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#gmail down: innocent tech outage or first stage of an alien invasion? Hope it's the latter so I can cancel this afternoon's 4 meetings.
Good Morning! I'm having trouble getting started on today but some whipped cream on the coffee did help a little.
Just listened to the Young Love webinar from Booklist. I love those webinars! Very informative about what young people are reading.
also luv signs cause it scared the crap out of me when i saw it. as do most m night shyamalan movies.
- plus the cost of the ink stamp pad for their little paw print signatures.
Very sad to learn about the tragic death of Amy Winehouse. She left this earth to young.
Nothing better than a happy family #salute RT : Lucky to be in love with my best friend.. Being happily married.
Hate #Cops? You'll love ! Our new shirt this week makes fun of Cops in the most obvious way.
No I don't get the Chicago game tonight! I need to watch incase they get knocked out!!
give me tude about the drive thrus at work one more time and see what happens!
“: Number of times per year that the average person has sex - 127.” looks like you're way above average..
last name luce but I always win!!!
follow me
My bed...is so comfy...
<U+0093>If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.<U+0094> - Dr Wayne Dyer
Negative Christian stereotypes are changed one person at a time.
Thanks Luke!
thanks for the mention! Cheers!
Save me from what I'm going through!
OMG. Someone is posing me on a Datin-Website! :O
CS Lewis's surviving BBC radio address
Thanks for helping to spread the word about the new single!!!
Katy Perry going to lose a lot in legal fees on a lawyer who doesn't know trademark law. TMs are only good in 1 industry.
I love you :)
Bless you!!!
Guy at work just took his Kindle into the bathroom with him... I'm not gonna get to pee for a while
Autocorrect just tried to change my "hashtag" to "hashish". Be careful, folks.
Thank you !
Right!!!!! We're starting it soon.... or whenever you want! But, I am going to sleep. :) talk to you tomorrow! :)
Three peaceful approaches to marriage conflict - Peaceful Litigation Settlement, #CollaborativeLaw,
Haircare Tip: Sleep with a silk/ satin scarf or pillow case because cotton absorbs moisture and causes breakage.
First day of college learning in 10 years... first, groceries and gym... ugh.
preparing to speak at the eahs class of 2011 graduation. lolwut
It's National Hot Tea Month, come by to see our delicious selection - enjoy!
an L7? Pardon me but I'm a total square :)
You guys rocked today! Thank you so much for coming out and getting things done!!
Taking control is finding strength to let it go.
thanks for following!(: have you checked out yet! go give them a follow and listen ;D <3
hold a spot for him, I'm sure he's on his way
this weekend bout to be one hell of a weekend though
hopefully traffic will let up soon
I don't have a single but does. Hit him up.
It's 10 o'clock and I'm writing. Must be because of Daylight Savings.
I'm so jealous :( I'm gonna let my natural grow out so I can get some highlights
oh god dammit anni! take a picture of what's IN the bag not the bag!
anybody need a place to stay for the super B...let me..know....i know some great hotels...ha...ha
I'm so proud of myself for getting 7 new tumblr followers in the last two hours<3
ATSOC in studio! #Liveperformance on in just a few!
Allergies are not doing me well this fine spring time >:0
what your into lesbians too I would of never have guessed
#travel 75 degrees in Las Vegas today, perfect! Have you booked your summer trip yet?
Can't watch it tonight. Looking forward to catching up over the weekend.
Happy Easter everyone!! Have a nice day (:
HUGS to you.
yumm(: I love pop tarts haha
Blows kiss back :) btw i followed !! can u please follow me back! <33 i LOVE u
competitive group: Union Rags on top. With clear trip, he's best in my book. Gemologist and El Padrino and Take Charge Indy next
The sun is shining– it's a beautiful start to this Tuesday morning!
And Cassell did play the 2008 year, got his 3rd ring
Eli Manning is in the same class with Brady and Peyton!!!
BLARING THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL!!!:D
thx! RT : I've recorded an hour-plus that way, just make sure you have enough memory to save the file.
Road Warrior (part miracle)! Packed for 1.5 weeks of TFOS meetings: Paris<U+2192>Roma<U+2192>Milano<U+2192>Catania<U+2192>Taormina<U+2192>Paris<U+2192>Boston… All in carry on!
no dont be mistaken that just kills me inside a little more everytime it happens
Seriously doe, I have some pretty cute girls that follow me ^__^
We're also still looking for students to give us program feedback in the JAMS Student Open Forums Tues/Wed a.m. Tweet us for more info.
Flashed Gingerbread onto my EVO 4g. 1st nothing worked. Now, it's pretty awesome!! Liking the feel and flush of it. thanks
I don't know that I understand it... but it's just one of those things.
|#quotes A business is successful to the extent that it provides a product or service that contributes to happiness in all of its forms.
In House With SWV: Singers Talk 'I Missed Us' Album, 'Figuring Out' Nicki Minaj & Story Behind Coko's Nails
I love but haven't watched - need to check it out soon!
Agree. RT For all in JetsNation saying this is a lose-lose SB. Disagree-It's a no brainer 4me-Jets fans 4 Giants! Go Big Blue!
You should try googling "do a barrel roll" ... ah, good times
Ha ha ha. A little limescale never hurt anybody.
what do you guys think of our new video!? did anyone spot themselves?? share it with a friend!!
We need talented high school students to join our national editorial board. Join us! www.polyphonyhs.com/edit
Texas: I am in you
now operates the largest combined organic and biodynamic estate in #Champagne following the new purchase of 14 hectares.
Would love to see on DWTS! She could WORK those tiny outfits!
I'm down with that...
Happy Easter to all our fans!
Late night tonight, playing guitar, magician and acting, whew, gotta love it!
Life is nothing but a series of crosses for us mothers
Watch this bitch, Like this bitch, then Share this bitch: "Imma Read"
Kamara is ready for war tonight!!! Let's go!!
*How Neat... I'm Impressed.... How Did You Come To Be So Blessed???*
Found *another* horrible #QRcode today... was truly interested to see the content, but instead went to a (non-mobile) 500 error.
That trailer makes me want to jump out of bed and watch The Dark Knight. Unfortunately, I have school tomorrow.
hey tom! my friend or E, makes AMAZING MUSIC. hip hop, dubstep, and everything amazing. please check him out on youtube
Angels Gate Cultural Center is having an opening tomorrow starting at 1:30pm.
Second, if anyone quotes a figure that you can earn by game testing which sounds too good to be true, it<U+0092>s because it probably is
I guess I could fine a friend in my life but I do miss my man I wise thing could of been better
#Arsenal would you defend already??
Does anyone have a fave sale alert site they use? As in, enter an item, get an email when it goes on sale.
well I'm glad you had a good Christmas sir
Library with my girls.
Listen to the Technology Cafe Radio show tomorrow - 10am on NewsTalk1160.com or 1160 am in Atlanta. Learn about the power of video resumes.
Happy New Year 2012 from Barefeatz and Dani Sapphire!
It should. It'll just be hot. But I like it that way!
There's a lot of dudes who sell drugs that are just not good at it lol
Our #holiday e-blast drops this week. DM us with your email address and we’ll make sure you receive it!
Just finished book "how to win at the sport of business" very insightful look into success process Easy to describe, hard to do.
my 8 counts, the dance & the cheer, pretty much everything -,-
Lmfaoo sounds interesting. When you say sexy people, who exactly are we talking about?
Unfortunately, Monday isn't good for me. :( I really appreciate your help! I think I understand it a bit better though.
hello ur cute
I hope you had a great Thanksgiving today too!!
Kristina,you always look fabulous...!
Great weekend at Too Broke for Stugris,
$15 Open bar from 10 to 12am (includes cover) this Friday with DJ Wizz Kid.....$5 cover all night too...
I know its hard to remember
is frustrated that she can't see the MLK Google logo in Canada.
I think you should do a duet with
alllllllrrrriiiiigggghhhhttt.........why am i still in this house
Tyler perry play "madea gets a job" is
2010 was a really great year. This was the year I became a Belieber<U+2665>.
I'll never play in the NBA. So I must learn to be extra funny.
TWO more days 'till school! :D
One more sweet dust storm photo!
Where is the sun
Lots of May birthdays coming up!
No prob thank you
Thank you everybody who came out today to help support Sponsors of Hope! What a success!
idea of a community that came out of nowhere, yet everywhere. It is everyone's class
They say retweetin Poised Creation is cool!!! ;)
Nice camel toe by Katie Perry
Finna have ti watch the Rose Bowl
I'm finding it hard to give marriage advice considering the fact that I'm not married.
I'm so tired of fake ass bitches!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all you Moms. You reflect the Light of the World to so many! God Bless you!
haha. No...the chick that made it pretty much got that idea based off of me
Loving you forever, can't be wrong Even though you're not here, won't move on
Hey and hook up with a producer account! The event will be groovy and #refreshboston will love u
I love you early Friday weird Milanos.
I love how they have a typo in the first sentence. It's a university, innit?
You are welcome. Hope to see you again next year!
it's the Chaos Communications Camp
if love is meant to be there's nothing you can do to stop it.
shit! You beat me. I'll be there in a few!
3:51....still up but I need to be sleep tho
I miss her. Where u been ma!?
me too! I'm surprised he didn't. I think he unfollowed me bc we fought abt Charles Barkley. Lmao
that led me to sports... And why do you keep calling me pretty?
Hacker Smack to WBC turns to Media smack from son of Phelps. Does this amount to #Godsmack for Phelps Family? #God hates mediawhores?
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little.
#Pittsburgh Steelers fans could be the nicest in the league
I will back you up with a vengeance
ew no I look retarded in those ones Ill put em up as twitpics and people can vote
i love how people call u bieber its kinda funny.
that's a shame, cuz its a nice spot! Anyway have fun! I miss house parties!!!
RT A *Real woman needs a*Real man that don't talk about it, Be about it, Put that work &nd still shows his woman*Real romance!
Haha. Aren't you supposed to be a supporter? : In defense, it is awful to be on TV. He's less polished, but...
And then stay for the Comedy? show! RT Another fantastic review of The Show is in! Come check us out this weekend!
aww that's exciting!! Are u here for the weekend? Aww I wish I could see you too I'm leaving for nova soon
Anita D., a student here, says "Costa Rica is the best place for geography students because there are no street names or numbers."
congrats. ill make sure Russow marks that down for your participation points this 9 weeks
It's either that or a nap.
I love waking up to my stuff strewn across my house like my coat in the hall and my purse on my bed. That means I had a good night! :--
Thank you to the Westchester Country Club for attending Lombardi during the Wednesday matinee !
Yesterday was the AWESOMEST DOPEST COOLEST DAY EVERR!!!!!! AH!!! :D
Pay Per Visit Email has been using ViralHeat to "listen" to social media on the Internet. Seems to be working well for us.
1215am, and my 3yrd old nephew finally arrives at home.
Well, I've been busy in the past year with Better Wine Guide. Sorry to say it didn't make it.
Okay is it actually possible NOT TO #LOVE #SEX . . . ?? #Sexy #Followers please #retweet this and let's see where this goes!!
You're doing a great job!
Don't have Friday night plans? Check out Miranda Lambert and crew at the Target Center tonight! We've got your PERFECT tickets!
the Pussy and Cock Fest 2012
Oh, but you need to get your sleep! I used to stay up for Austin, than I got such bad headaches and everything I use to
Probably not, unless you work close to wornal/stateline/holmes!
loved the Onion piece on Steves :)
40 oz?! I didn't realize you had it in you.
larryanna I can here it already
#JPMORGAN #ENRON #AIG #MADOOFF gangster has a brand new face faction of FederalAgents pretend to help as they rob u sensless
We are excited to meet admitted student's this Thursday! #Ursula #Burns will speak followed by bowling and Happy Hour!
All these workouts and salads deserve ice cream!!
Thanks Marina!
Congrats to 1st round Virgina Tech draftee David Wilson! Now a NYG! Turn him into a great one NY!
This seriously rocks! Constantly getting better too! RT : Are you working too hard to implement standards based grading?...
This migraine can merrily go fuck itself. Really.
Thanks to all who participated in the Q & A today! It was fun! Check back frequently and share this with your friends who are car fanatics!
Uh...strawberry?
Everyday is a Big day because everyday is a gift from GOD!
Best compliment I've ever received...from : "oh! your terminal is so pretty!"
the high contrast gmail theme is quite nice :)
you wanna be a dance mom?
Always trying to find a way to get a dime for a nickel
Doin it up 3 more cuts for the next session
where'd that come from?
Alas, my city didn't make the top 10 list. And am surprised that DC isn't on there as well. Oh well...
Love that! Passed it along to Claudia for Drakeapedia possibilities too!
Who says the N Word more KG, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton or me after dropping a beer. Mitt Romney thinks it so much his head is gonna explode
<U+266A>I Shoulda Listened. I never do. I fell in love x2<U+266A> ~
Happy August!
Sick mg with attitudes... It's ok when you playing but when some one is playing with you its a total different story...
Come visit soon! Maybe for the Alumni College? RT : Reading and getting all emotional. I miss :(
these hoes love you till you broke man "CHILL OUT "
retired geek, now a tattooed, white trash, bartender ;)
Hey, you're pretty cute. Too bad you're an a**hole.
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives
You're a little cunt.
#nowplaying #inthemountaininthecloud get it. its amazing.
Following this 2-day journey on Catch Up Book, you are going to be in a different place!
wheres that vid u said u were gonna post? :)
if this is rob I'm in love. Thanx for the follow!
“Where there is love there is life.” <U+2015> Mahatma Gandhi
Reality that helicopter was flying outside, it woke me up & realized my room was freezing cold (not very James Bond like at all).
Thanks for the idea of my next blog post . The use of social media in defending a criminal case.
Left it in a car. I'm investing in creating a chip that beeps when your away from the thing you lost.
Good times tonight and even better convo
WA senators and threw workers under the bus and voted yes on #FAA deal rewarding Repubs
Me and were twins tonight :)
uh..... No! How much money do you think I have? Lol!
We will b ready RT : For those keeping count, 108 days until
My kids are inspired by current events and organized an occupy mommy and daddy's room w/ a Tent City... I agree w/ Bloomberg.. over the line
aight sound good when y'all comin
that was a target purchase in college. I've cream bowls double as German potato salad bowls. :)
Dry shampoo seems all the rage right now. Skipping the suds now & then can help save your color. Have you tried dry shampoo? Whaddya think?
way hotter! you love them irishmen!
Good Morning Beautiful Creations
miss ya buddy!!
I realize that a lack of education is a huge part of the problem, but identity thieves are getting away with it so easily.
Jr Smith just need to stand still and shoot
"Part of me was afraid of what I'd find and what I'd do once I got there. I knew the risks, or imagined I knew."
Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare. I hope you enjoy your stay with us
Rich Beijing citizens commonly pay large amounts of money for robust car air filters, because the air in Beijing is ridden with pollution.
S/o to that cow i just saw taking a piss like a male dog
thanks for the good Red Rock times last night and for validating my career.
Follow me. <3
You know you are an adult/super sick when you don't mind the taste of cough syrup and are looking forward to your next dose.
Ion even got the energy to tell yall about #future last night, HE PERFORMED GREAT, its the organization that was fucked up that made it bad
my jobs done(:
First day back to work today. So hard leaving my little one at day care this morning. :(
Trying to please others never works out because you're still unhappy....
#nisoEbook LaRue secondary market for used books disappeared with ebooks; no such thing as a used ebook
hello hello hello
Nobody can manage time. But you can manage those things that take up your time.
Thanks for the follow Amanda. Hope you're doing well.
hey i am just getting ready for school and eating right now !!!!!
"women...can't live with them, and they can't pee standing up" Rube Baker
In the mix at EDEN tonight. Yizzur!
haha..dude..senior year in college..bat flew into the Apt..being seniors (and guys)..we didnt deal with until 4-5 nights later.
I will NEVER forget that. Then wrecked urself before chuck sun. Memory serves me right... windbreaker - collar popped.
Meg Kissinger at says idea 4 award winner on mental health came from worst place: an editor. But woo-hoos
I've been ruined forever when I read "milkshake" because of kelis' song. The chorus is now stuck in my head!
lets make it happen! I also require taco access before 11pm.
What are you guys giggling about? Liking each other?
I hope my friend & former colleague, , gets the #shortyawards for best social media manager.
RT Good news in the ratings! ’s (9.4 million, 3.2) Up 7 percent! Congrats to ABC for launching a solid hit drama.
hey ;) I've been doing 9-5 work at Edibles, it's a nice change. I posted your M-Day cupcakes, my mom loved em
rick ross is ma nigga
Tweeting on iPhone4 while updating iPad's software (finally) while reading the Jobs biography. Take that Apple! Not an iBook, a real book!
bank of america refunded my (erroneous and fucked up) overdraft penalties today!!!!! ya. glory. joy. power
Thanks for the shout out. We appreciate it!
Of course- I already have my stilettos and feathered head dress picked out!
REGISTER NOW TO SEE MILLIONARE KENNY RUSHING LIVE IN BALTIMORE/D.C
thanks! looking cute :)
Awesome Ascedia Happy Hour at . The Tuesday $2 Pizza Special rocks! We'll be back :)
90% of the world's children live in developing countries.
loaded on fuse music
Lol my boy is funny as hell. Love him to death
That's right! RT : Just saw #horriblebosses for the first time featuring my homie , her feet dont touch the ground!
Tonight!!! Single Lady's: Speed Dating + Aftr Party at Capri's Lounge Boynton Bch. Music: Dj Chevy. Presented By: WebaMQueen
nick jr money stupid ol
Let me just shut off my phone... Peace<U+270C>
In life you don't have friends, you have acquaintances and all you have is your own family. There is no such thing as friends.
Do students using laptops create a socio-economic divide in classroom?
Nah, working and then moving in all weekend.
Dream out loud.
Universities can ask politically impossible questions: Amy Gutmann #delange8 YES!
I could really go for a massage right now. My back on 10 from last week's workout..
To cement a new friendship, especially between foreigners or persons of a different social world, a spark with which both were s
same stuff, different year
And season one, episode one up next!
very true. You don't get much, but sometimes it doesn't matter
#thatawkwardmoment when the teacher is doing the attendance and yells out SWALLOWS! after your name lol
Oh great. Now the flu shot doesn't work well. And just when it seemed we could have our cake 'n eat it too (I have a stomach ache).
Music makes me high
I want to know if this neon hitch character is actually Marissa from last year's Glee Project. Kinda looks like her.
Real love is perpetual. Jill Harrison
When was the last time you made the playoffs?
RITVO: Art in and out of the canon - Yale Daily News
It breaks my heart to leave you far behind and it breaks me up to leave so suddenly…
Quoting the entire toddlers and tiaras dolla makes me holla video w/ and friends. COUPON QUEEN!
": I'm up! I'm stoned! Headed to the airport to pick up 420 like a muhfucka. [Fwo]"...HELL YEA!..N IT BEGINS!!
accidentally hit the plaque jackpot (plaque-pot?!) today...will upload soon!
stomach wants food...
I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.
Thank you! back atcha -
When your boyfriend keeps a smile on your face >>>>>>>
WTF is going on with #Twitter right now? I can't access anything.
Would love to! :)
I swear to god if you don't study with me and tomorrow shits gonna go down
- say it ain't so! The world will never be the same without ShitShow!
Never been there but looks like we should! I'm sure would enjoy the candy shop as well.
You don't want to. Global is a piece of work tonight.
go Vikings!
I like Diablo3 and plan to keep playing it, despite some of my negative feelings. Which I have't even fully resolved yet.
We are compiling interviews for an upcoming novel that focuses on the homeless in America. Got a story, message me. Please retweet this post
Addendum to previous tweet:
Why wait for the weekend to be wined and dined? $10 off wine bottles and a $10.95 steak dinner makes every Wednesday worth celebrating!
But they having breath test at the door. That shit weak if i did go i wud wanna go a lil lit
About to smoke a bowl and watch my #phish dvd
Really wants a Guy to prove my theory wrong cus it Just seems to be right no matter What! One Guy.... that's all I need! :/
sounds like Chuck turner! MT“: Speaker suggests holdin hands across 93 so tht if riders cant ride drivers cant drive
Today in 1974, the Winter Garden #Theatre on #Bway was evacuated due to a bomb threat.
TEETH in my pants! or her pants! Human centipede in my pants!
Prepping for our 2011 Production - "Broken Vines".
Universal Studios later..... a bit excited..
Best part of Kindle and Nook copies finally being available- you guys can read the first chapter on your devices for free! :D
I have nothing but good things to say about Solid service that I see myself using again soon.
you around the city ;D I mean British boys are great!
I love how quiet and peaceful it is in here on Friday mornings.
Also, it's depicting a completely unrealistic ecosystem. Penguins and lions? C'MON!
Fantasy Baseball draft is over. Let the 2012 MLB Baseball season begin!!
about half the conversations I have with authors/publicists/agents/editos start out with "There are some GREAT blogs, but…."
I don't think I have ever screamed so loud at the tv in my entire life. Seriously. :(
yes i do. Hahaha. I'm going to my friends. Ttyl!
Thanks, Andy!
Lol..nah..just the playoffs..too many tweets.
OMG I WANT SOME OF THAT AHAHAHA! So much better than helium.
Our favorite new-performance curators have a comedy show lined up tonight at our favorite comedy venue ! 11pm-3am!
- where do I get a #19 VT jersey online?
This day we celebrate the women who made us who we are and the women who made them. (: generational love
Does anyone know any good freelance Drupal developers? Someone who freelances full time rather than moonlighting?
#DASER attendees and followers, how are you continuing the conversation about the intersections of art, science, and culture between events?
Yup that's me. I'll add that to my bio now thank u very much xD
Have a need for small claims? We can serve your subject anywhere! DM me for more info. Good luck!
good morning #Bestie:-) Work has been crazy, long as they pay me I can deal with it. Dating game is ova before it begun
Can I borrow your phone charger this morning?
Good morning!!!
Anyone know where Chevy Metal is playing tonight? In NOLA??
Saying good bye to my We Keep Moving family & all my new family from Chicago #msconf 2010...see y'all in Dallas in 2011!
If you go to the appleinsider (.com) you can find out about a lot of the new stuff going on with Apple and their competition.
Bad things may happen, but good things are on the horizon.
I feel like "it" is a very important word because without it our ability to name psychopathic clowns would be crippled.
ninety ninety seven. The year of the finest.
no but I just saw you silly! I haven't seen the others since Jan!
Great time at CMA fest performing with artists like , dancing at the Stage and meeting people from everywhere.
"Home is not where you live, but where they understand you."
Interesting.... is working on their first graphic novel. I'll keep an eye out for when it's done or posted as a webcomic.
Her presence on sideline is great business for soft pretzel vendor RT Holly Rowe needs to give Baylor advice on boxing out
Heck's naw lol they started fighting at lunch and im up here like YES! YES! YES! YES!
RT : The state of Tennessee is ready to errupt.
yeah that's true for me, too
It's so hot outside... #sweaty ;)
Couple in front us at Black Keys left way early. Likely dirty bathroom sex in their near future.
i'm like gas prices, high for no reason.
I'm not Libra but I LOVE the hair!
just got an invite to play 18 @ Hywan CC in Evergreen this Saturday...I said YES!
Amazing. Hoping it all comes together for you!
Name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have.
Seriously? Working late at our office and can't find a single beer in any of the fridges and the keg is empty.
Leading worship Wednesday night for a Junior High lock-in at Rhea's Mill Church w/ special guest ! Love some junior high kids!
Those "I love you more" fights..<U+E022>
we are called to patient endurance
With Pleasure Aaron. Out looking at flowers.
Realizing more and more everyday, what fucking animals we all are.
Hanging@ Temecula Beer and Wine Garden.. great band!
what's your mp3 email address
No thank u
Farming &amp; Agriculture: Meat Quality Grades
just read your bio on wikipedia - VERY impressive! I have a new role model :)
The meeting is free and questions are encouraged.
Oh SHIT! I just heard FUTURE ON LION KING
If you give me the right feelings, I can rebuild your shattered heart.
Redirecting ALL funds... Ya boi is BACK!
hate omegle. hate life. hate everything. except Austin, he's the only thing keeping me going just now.
man I got u when u hit #Anchorage if u smoke!!!!
thank you we will email you the details!
I can't sleep
Haha aw, I'm glad you're feeling better though. I watched the second half, Klaine SL was eh but liked the Pezberry. Thoughts?
Appreciate the new followers! RT us & get involved with A.Y.S.!
Who's pools open??! wants to go swimming!
thanks for your thoughts. I agree a bit pricey
OneLove and Respect Bredda! More to come!!
From birth I was cast upon you; from my mother's womb you have been my God. Psalm 22:10
Let's go suzanne bump for auditor, and state senator creem for senate. Oh yeah!
+ Me taking over Philly Fringe with "Meet Me in Paris" ?! OH YES. upcoming writers/directors.
Clean your cellphone with antibacterial wipes to prevent chin and cheek breakouts. Oh and your phone at the office too.
I couldn't sleep because I was so excited. So proud of the clippers! Tomorrow game 1 are you ready?
FRIDAY - Whew! One down for the Wildcats. Now let's focus on Iowa State. WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS ON THE UK-WKU GAME?
#burger king was giving out free fries today??? I'm sure that was a hot mess
You have the best show on TV right now. Love it!
I love having a new job!
Off to church. WV style!!!
#SCtop10 Carlos Gomez 8th inning HR sprint around the bases. He was home before Bernie Brewer got down the slide!
"OUR GENERATION doesn't ring the doorbell, we text or call to say we're outside."
Why would they be threatened by his success? I just don't get some people.
It's mutual! (Regan here on the Twitter mic.) Feel free to send us info about your bks and events and I'll post.
A Northern New Mexico College student called the police to report that someone had broken into his car and stolen his radar detector.
opening night of All Through the Night at the 63rd street Y theater
Sorry Michael! We wish we could, all tickets are sold through the lovely folks at the Josh Beckett Foundation.
Just left my good friends house. His grandma is crazy and can't speak english. Haha
I hate vectors. #mathproblems <U+E421>
Satanic sex cult? Huh? Is there some news story out there?
wow... I just sent you a funny text to lol
In about a day in a / my new screen name
Last night was ridiculous. Haha.
Oh ok. Where are Nanda's parents?
thanks for the retweet! I am in a funny mood today. That is way better than being depressed! :-)
Honcho lifestyle tip #2 - Work for the weekends.
Read the entire Belgardiad series (David Eddings) on flights to and from Dublin. It owes large amounts to LOTR, but enjoyable nonetheless.
nice... I totally agree
I vote Ecovative
yes sir got my tix already
"Never let me go" Highly recommended. Amazing photography. //
What? Didn't we argue 4 months about my contention that #webOS wasn't free software? It's always been closed. iOS=webOS=Windows
heading into work @ 18th/alabama, blowfish (rest.) at 12:30pm then back at work
Sky jerome Simpson.
I just wanna fuck
Thanks good brother!
Such a good feeling to know we may not be homeless next year!
sorry buddy i was gettin bored with twitter
Im good how are you?
Ironic how Red/White/Blue represent freedom... Until the lights are flashing behind you LOL
Good follows! -->RT So glad to connect with
pissed I couldn't do sxsw this year cus of work....how was queens??
i have always been told practice makes improvement beccause nothings perfect
Catch us THIS FRIDAY NIGHT at Western Front in Cambridge!
OK, the big question is, how well did the North Anna Nuclear power plant hold up during that earthquake?
Mark Diaz will launch some kind of crowdsourced agent rating company at rezzidential.com ?
Are our speakers happy? Senwosret says yes, she's about a 7. De Graaf says he's a "above average"
#BOYFRIENDReview U did great job it's amazing J!!
I'd rather have Foster than Mccoy.
I tell you something n you carry out the convo like you never heard me... Uh no. Answer me.
"To be exceptional, you have to be an exception." -
Hate Bitch Niggaz !
Bailout Side-Effect: The next President will be in the business of evicting Americans from their homes. Republican Trojan Horse?
Senior project speech tomorrow,
Oh to be young again...
#mlanet12 Free wifi in all meeting rooms and in conf. hotels. Strength, bandwidth, etc. unknown. No wifi in exhibit hall.
congrats! I'll be sure to look for it!
Tonight was just perfect, <3
Trouble on board several flights involving unruly passengers. What's going on in the air? Stories at 5:30 on
Playing on my brand new android phone! Got a Samsung Epic 4G and am loving it so far!
Quick update for my #Chicago followers: #Bulls up 74-52 on the Cavs midway through 3rd quarter
Tracking piano for a song
Is the word ginormous sexist? I can't decide.
Its getting closer . . .
Talking To Sweetie Tweetie! :D
follow 4 follow?
i wanna laugh!! o_0!!! O-O
With the 235th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Matt Capps
RT : did I see that you used 'yall' when thanking someone for a RT?? My work here is done./// shhhhhhhh
We're open until 3pm if you need a break from the road. Stop by for a bite and get some work done!
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo is that I don't trust people who never talk, and I don't like people who talk too much.
I love you too
thanks for the follow! the new web site will be up soon! i got that goodness for your scissors! :)
Words cannot express how proud of my team I am right now!
Having conversations with random women about the pros of colored jeans
“: My birthday is in two days....” mine is in nine
No on the train today. Not a good start to the week.
Rick Santorum's non stop hate campaign rolls on, fueled by the ignorance of of brain dead zealots.
Oh, Portland! We meet twice a week, every week, but we never have time to hang out.
FB just switched me to timeline and I'm fucking confused.
Dr. Collins from says this is a win win win for investigators, companies and most importantly patients.
Exhibitors should be sure to follow up w/ booth visitors with links to their social media pages to keep the convo going!
"…and the weather's so breezy, damn why can't life always be this easy?"
ha - true.
That Dr. Phil episode was intense
Finally it's lunch time!!!
It's almost comical how many people are upset OV likely won't have a hearing. Give me a break. Seriously.
"a time to touch his robe and feel the healing surge through us, a time to ponder and a time to wonder..."
Time to execute Order 66 on your sister. Lol
it'll be nice, hot, and cheesy........ If ya know what I mean.
no.... da 99¢ bag of hair dat be in da corner store now
ice that shit up kid
Getting ready for tonight's vegetarian class. The Provencal Potato & Tomato Gratin with Olives & Thyme is going to be dynamite!
I’m not a national news huffpo elitist like you
Bad day:\
Spending all day and weekend on Hurricane #Irene communications. We'll be doing our best, but this is team's 1st one!
ha I go to Warped Tour on Wednesday, and my nine year old brother is giving me money to get a BVB poster...he already has 3.
Shout out to: for being my 70 follower!!(: now shoot for 75!!(;
Looking for Web/iPhone developers! Check out my blog! I have tons of ideas, anyone interested in making some iphone history?
IF U FOLLOW & THEY FOLLOW BACK
no, forreal though.... they really ARE slow. *hangs head in shame*
#wiunion Craig Spaulding handed an etch-a-sketch to Ann Romney at Hubbard Diner (or tried her handlers snatched it. How fitting!
whats it called?
we need to smoke :)
That's because most Obama supporters don't know how to use computers except to play video games
Did you have a chance to come for some chicken and waffles? :)
You Know They Guilty If They Can't Look You In The Eye...
Happy Birthday Hannah! RT if we should trend! #HappyBirthdayHannah!
wine and c++ on a Friday night. It's all the rage...
Sitting on a park bench pretending to feed imaginary ducks, is a good way to keep people from sitting next to you.
has too much work to do to be out drinking
SAME HERE! :) : Can't wait to see the pics that gets on his trip w/his daughters at Ixtapa.
Tonight, the end, doors @ 9, $5 cover, plays 930 or 10. Be there to get rocked!!!!!!!!!!!!
IF JUSTIN BIEBER, KATY PERRY, & MILEY CIRUS CAN HAVE THEIR OWN STUPID TOUR MOVIE IN THEATERS, WHY CAN'T ?!
Happy Mother's Day, moms!!
Tried to throw a cup into the bin and spilled coffee all over the carpet
I'm off tomorrow so happy for that <U+E057><U+E00E><U+E41D>
1 more paragraph in this freaking essay and im done! ugh to bad my brain is fried!
I think she is real but a lil dramatic.... Sorry but I think that's her personality sadly
so, after a 3 month hiatus, we're coming back :) details to come! much love twitta peeps!
good stuff, right? thanks for checking us out - see you on Thursday.
We were just talking about Waco's Tacos and wondering how it was? Since you're the new Mayor... how is it?
“: Game 7 at the garden #gardenmagic”
Goddamnit why do I wanna call you so bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Need to up my twitter game. Had a good weekend with some friends. Now back on the grind for GL to in AC for
where at?
100% not women
Do you think Junior Seau said owww when he shot himself today?
Ditto!! RT I saw Smash's in Wicked - I could tell then she was going to be a huge star.
I have good news there are already admissions-first early adopters. I will be presenting on this very topic at eduSummit.
burning out! :/
Segment w/ on was awesome. #tenmindfulminutes ...tho I usually only need 5
luck be a LADYbug
Punta Arenas, Chile!
I love how every girl loves One Direction just now when they came on the X Factors OVER a year ago.
Jesus came to give me life... Not religion
- Finish watching the movie now watching everybody hates chris....
Tip for my readers. #languages #kids #education Parents should check out More than Latin. Many languages on their site. A+
Great hang yesterday with ! Thanks for all the support!!!
Jojos ugly self never texted me back
hm #SpaceTweeps must be more flexible than I thought.
2nd day of #LegalTech, our new remote videoconferencing is getting lots of interest.
Thanks for the link!
Im ridin around with that dezieee !
You don't really know a person until you know them both rich and broke, their high and their low .
UC Davis students speaking 1st: system not working. Chancellors deserve pay cut. Education is right. Regents r 1%.
I'm wearing a tank top, sweater AND hoodie sweatshirt. More cowbell won't cure this fever. Two more sales. Then I can sleep.
What?! Awesome! That's been on my dream list!
I'll be in Chicago this weekend! Anyone want some mod work done let me know asap!
Bingham Tavern, giving it a try tonight.
AND SO IT BEGINS!!!
Sweet Dreams!
Eye-opening statistic: 4% of the U.S. K12 public school school districts contain over 50% of U.S. students.
Wish I could have made it to Bamboozle to see and The Hangout Fest to see :/
because I saw Austin's poll for his next concert & I saw Tronto, Canada so I screamed yeah I live sort of close to Tronto!
Appreciate the RT! Thanks.
I'm doing great, busy as usual. How are you doing ?
20 more minutes. I hate school. #summervacation or #spring break?
Historian, archivist, tour guide Jennie Benford will discuss cemeteries & what they say about the way we live. 09/25 12:30pm.
God sent me an angel from the heavens above<3 #ILoveYou!!!!
I mean.
On/Off...RT : “: No one did no matter what provider. RT As usual, I had NO service in the stadium.”/U did
nah, connecting to the UK
Huntsville al turn up!!!
Nothing like talking #nbalockout and #socialism over the nailbiting #ALDS final game with haha
We can only learn to love by loving!
De-Existentialism (n.): The only "meaning" to breed like rats and the only "choice" to survive for the sake of survival...despite itself.
Start with the value to your audience, not yourself.
Hi my lovebugs!! Miss u more gorgeous girl!!! Hope ur well!! xoxoxoxxoxoxo <3
#BBN other than the new prints I mentioned, also have Teague, Lamb, MKG, Wiltjer, Harrow and one or two of Davis' UNC block
Adam Lambert is the perfect way to start this gorgeous day.
I want to be friends with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. How cool would that be?
lmgtfy. Shaking my head.
It doesn't beat my hair, I'm sorry Colton but my hair was all natural ;)
Re: Grenell, credit to Romney camp for practicing the hate they preach. Previous campaigns would sacrifice principle for talent.
thank you for the
Yes!! I love it!!! looks good on you!!
I hope Justins okay <3 I really hope she didn't break his heart <3 If she upset him I'm going to cry <3
Ran a 5k this morning, thanks for suggesting the c25k program so very long ago. Finally followed through!
I think I may still be drunk from last night. Interesting. Now the question, drink myself down? or nap and suffer through?
It's because there isn't any engagement. They just need to grow. Question is, how?
I'm feeling the same way. Great keynote; bad time to get sad news.
ah lol! You do love a good shimmy! :)
RT : Heh. Newt's team just sent out a blank email titled: "Mitt Romney's Top Conservative Achievements."
Lalalalala why am I up so late ?
:( can't have to see ma Montepare. Sunday dinner? --“: Want to meet Melton tomorrow for lunch?”
I KNOW ITS SCARY. The sad thing is that it will all disappear into a big check to Uncle Sam come next tax season.
Record label just emailed me mothers day artist liners. Way to be on the ball guys!
So Rob Lowe was right... lots of people dressed for the funeral in Indy today.
#random #shoutout to the #Csquad!!! is here to stay!
Happy #FF How's the Boolean Empire this fine day?
Check out the awesome giveaway over blog! So freaking cute!
There's no getting back to good..
gotta hold back .
The minute when your past catches up to u and all u wanna do is cry in someone's arm
can't wait to see you!!! Happy Birthday again booski!
RT : 10,000 books have been donated. Can u help us donate 15,000 books by 5PST tonight? Read & give. Takes 1 min....
Do undergrads still try to be clever by ripping out the middle pgs in bluebooks?
Now that is so very true. Your mind can be your worst enemy.
Yep. 42k tweets is a heckuvalotta tweets, oh dude of awesomeness!
oh ok
Space Solar power? There are markets for the power yes, but once again, how do we pay for R&D or launch costs?
I answered about 20, but I put "propane" for all of my answers.
Best week ever! staff received the Managing Director's PhillyStat Excellence award which was presented by ...TY
yes, my program prepared me to do single-subject design research which is very useful in our field.
ill see
Sounds tasty. I love a good blend. Cheers!
Everything we have worked so hard for these past four years are finally on their way. Just a few more days, a few more sleepless nights :D.
Know thyself, be yourself, live life but not being somebody else.....
lol love u to my wonderful cousin lmao am still drunk plus just woke up
Are you ready to rock? We're all ready to go for Light of Day in memory of Danny and Clarence at the Stone Pony tomorrow night!
shouts to those who made it to the show... i appreciate the support.... also shout out to for his #TMM RELEASE SHOW AT
": "Unanswered" will always be my favorite Suicide Silence song." One of the best SS songs! RT
LOL I just realized it's Friday
Even when im bored and have nothing to do , I still don't try and do my homework.
thanks for the mention, still trying to get my Twitter legs under me. Appreciate the support.
and shout to any 'related' 12-yr-olds... B-\ ... RT: Happy 12th Birthday D'angelo's "Voodoo" one of YT's desert island LPs
personal finance blog
talking to someone and them not hearing you <<<<
Please please please please follow me!!!!!!!! #followmedylan I would FREAK OUT if you followed me!!!
the swo youth rally was powerful. Lets live in the light and not be night crawlers!
Good morning people.
No Way! That is awesome! You guys are now besties!
that's awesome! Where's it at?
See you soon! RT : Heading down to Hillcrest for grub time today - Taste of Hillcrest Draws in the Crowd | CUR8EUR...
Where are you sitting at the Chairperson Luncheon?
Problem with most of the recent generational comparisons: they need to be longitudinal. Of course people differ in different life stages.
There are reasons some businesses are hugely successful, others “get by” and the less fortunate fail
Dancing to The New York Grove :D
EOI will be closed Saturday & Sunday to be w/ our family & friends for the holidays, and will re-open Monday 12/26 at 8am. Merry Christmas!!
There are no rules when it comes to love; I just let love surprise me!
More than 6,000 emails in my inbox. I think I have a Or an organization problem.
Hello! May I study with you? Need an apprentice? (Being tongue-in-cheek, unless you're indeed taking students)...J
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success
A trumpet players "trumpet player" for sure !
pshhh where was my invite?! I was all ready to sing some Rick Astley and Gin Blossoms. At Muzette or Fast Eddies?
": Bill Walton is a great speaker. #scedc" Agreed, you could hear a pin drop in here!
I'm in a freakin annoyed ass mood. I hate when ppl stereotype me. The way this old hag just looked at me almost earned her a roundhouse
are you going to release a list for sour fest tomorrow?
Tips On How To Get A Flat Stomach « glamdollteaston
Awww, a million thanks for taking the time to look over our press and to say SUCH nice things!
The greatest arguments against evolution are YouTube commenters and trending topics on twitter.
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam tomorrow, Thursday from 7 to 10.
So #LiNC has ended but I'm spending the weekend. Anyone down to clown?
Woo! The Blackhawks made my day! Just found out I won the Dave Bolland bobblehead! Thanks again guys :)
Hey Or C) Big Ten and PAC-12 being left out of title-game mix too often.
It's ok! I'll push past it. Thanks :-)
I think I have some free drink coupons that I can use for those Starbucks Espresso Shots, so that should help.
already I got ya pimpin
riding back from T-town
Check out ’s late night happy hour tonight from 9pm-12am! Complete w/ $4 appetizers & a full absinthe bar.
Next up, the amazing Vicki Clark!! I just love #juniorleague consultants!
ha yeah lol she used to be a pro wrestler her name was lady vendetta or some shit like that
ikr :') i feel bad cuz i havent been around for a while /:
its always good to find that local connect good shit fam! Not for me no ...
me neither.
a real woman loves her mans doo doo
I just might do the same u might b on 2 somethin
it's an outbreak. same thing over here.
Nice TD today bud! Boomer Sooner! Good luck in the playoffs.
#Knicks down 8-1 in first minutes of the game and the team store is 40% off of everything.
Tomorrow is another busy wedding day and Fashion show in the evening.
oh, why? me too :/ but i'm always here to help any mahomie <3 so tell me, what's happenin?
RT : Our galleries are closed as we install the summer exhibitions, Post-Industrial Complex and Vertical Urban Factory
Headshot Tip: If your shots look like everyone's else's, they'll just blend in. Demand creativity & originality from your photographer!
Worrying is the same thing as banging your head against the wall. It only feels good when you stop. -John Powers
It was a tough decision - $17 puppy or transformer cake, $21 huge cake or the cake log. LOL. Poor guy is getting a log for his bday. :)!
I posted it on my FB, too. xo
Speak girl! Lol RT : yes. Like them loving God is the only thing that's gonna keep their husbands around
that is so totally true about lol
We Have Some Exciting News That We Can't Wait to Share with you all!
RT : Did I miss someone explaining the terrible decision to slot Girls against Mad Men? I am irritated on behalf of my timeline.
Thanks Tom. Tell Jenny I said hey. Dont eat all that chocolate at once
Tomorrow!! Join us! RT Colts rally 2day @ Monument Circle 11-1p. Our friends will b there 2 announce campaign goal!
your Julia the great <3. she follows me :) so shes famous
Sounds great!!
Watching Buffy, and noticing that the locker rooms at Sunnydale High are always rather dark. They should get on that...
Thank You :)
A little studio time and a little concert this weekend. Should be rad.
your welcome for nutella
- done and done. put me down for 4.
I would like to work on music with you!! Follow Back. I think we could come up with some good stuff!!
Violet wants 'beans'. Off to Luche libre taco shop.
I did! I was watching her. She looked so pissed. I truly can't stand her.
Your song Bezz in the Trap is stuck in maa head <3
I aint even hungry anymore...
James Sims!
yes! I may/may not have been super-sad to find the nearest one to my ZIP is in some mall in Jersey. the breadsticks...
I wish u were back workin with me
Golf is a funny game and today seemed to go my way, so it was nice to get off to a good start
this sounds So shady...
I have a bad headache.
Amy Goodman is the Chuck Norris of Journalism
is Re-writing Where I Live and What I Live For.
My Crank Session Coming In 20 Mins.
You can ease away from non-fiction with anything by Erik Larson, or I recently liked The Night Circus or The Tiger's Wife.
giants played good but how about the amazing mets baby start the season 5-15 now a game above .500 without wright or Davis
Just cataloged an LP single of Zappa's Valley Girl. Like, totally.
Hehe hi there ;)
A restaurant could say the same. Disease and problems usually happen at the farm not the table. Somethin to think bout. :)
Wish u were here - DW and Tony Stewart are passing out food and supplies at noon as part of the Feed the Children program.
are you coming to the rager !
Also very disappointed by the end of development for the desktop app. Won't be looking at a boxee box, instead an AppleTV replacement
"We're no Instagram, we have revenue"
join my religion! - eugene
We're sending support to our local partners in #Japan to provide water, food & other needs to survivors: www.medicalteams.org/Japan Pls RT!
why not take the State Governor that has the best fiscal policys and health care system and promote that person for president???
Getting To The M.O.N.E.Y....In All Uppercases....
love that quote!
thanks boo :) i'll hopefully be seeing you soon. what days are usually free?
…cont) on Bahrain.
I hate when I can't fall asleep ): it's almost 4:30am and I'm not sleepibg
It's never too late to give someone a second chance.
I guess not...
How is it that there are so many muscular, attractive, clean cut young men in Boston? Is it the universities?
S/O to for helping us out with our website.
Good job girl! :) RT : 92% on my psych final! #winning :)
Congrats on your retirement.
yea! Just Rick. He's got his video/still guns ablaze!
. PS didn't tell you they are switching to a per-hand-participation rake pay system for their announcers ()
GUESS U DIDN'T KNOW THAT IT'S A FREE AFFILIATION - Check it Make 20% Retail Sales - Plus 10% Downline Sales! Unless someone wants to...
Ever have those days where you just feel gross?
Fall Back to Beauty Event is happening! Shop, recieve gifts and amazing services!! See you this week :)
I miss u more
I'm California dreaming. #dreams #dreambig #AnythingIsPossible if you have the drive.
Joining tonight at Adding a wrinkle to the brain.
Besides, your longer features deserve blog responses/round-up links. Not just tweets. :)
There was an Old Lady who Swallowed a Fly by Simms Taback: Keep your mouth closed.
that is rather disturbing. But I'm ready!!!!!!!!!
i feel like shit, thank god i'm staying home from school the whole week omfg. going to sleep, goodnight ~
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
please follow me ur an insperation I have to say more so ill make another tweet
Hey jola Hey
haha I'm sorry!
I updated my iPad. I think I like the changes.
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love. .
Great to see you this AM! PRT : Catching up with with coffee & conversation....
aha you know better trickka
i fucking hate siblings.Didn't talk to my sister for a week cause she's a bitch. just started talking agian.less than a minute she ruins it.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. ~Oscar Wilde
Q-How old are you? A-I am 15, 16 March 2 (:
"all of the things we once held as truth are paying it forward; they're demanding proof..."
Macy,Kate,Aubrey,and Aly are the best friends any girl can have.There so funny and my bffls!Luv u guys!:]
Where does one procure espresso in Columbia from around now until 11 or 12?
In order to be optimistic you gotta throw the negative stuff out of your life.
shoe me
aw well im glad your better!(: im just sitting in english class :/
“: HEY LADIES”
TONIGHT! You can TIVO SNL but you don't wanna miss live Comedy? At The Box Performance Space (2nd and Gold) Tickets are only $6
It's a fucking travesty that NBC cancels something promising and intriguing like AWAKE, but renews migraine inducing trash like WHITNEY.
": Now there's no WE babe , There's just YOU and there's ME baby <3 #ThinkLikeAMan"
If only George Zimmerman had thought Trayvon Martin had weapons of mass destruction we wouldn't be having this conversation.
ignore me.. Cool
octopress! highly recommended, at least so far
Get out the scrote
ignorant people piss me off...
yep :-) happy Easter you two:-)
This a video for Saba Restaurant. Give us your reviews.
warning! Do not attempt at FOH. Good way to loose a job
well ur wearing it well I'm sure...I'm sure u burn adequate calories lamenting the Mavs season..lol
loved the term "twitter bankruptcy" you used at
Bring your favorite male/female pet to the game Sunday. We will be filling the ark located outside the stadium.
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore, but because you realize they don’t...
Ok Dan Uggla, I see you
Well, Pill wasn't a pitching prospect who was rated higher than Clayton Kershaw either. Can't remember where I read that...
Newt tries to get the tiny mouse vote.
No Will Ferrell during Weekend Update?!
I'll go watch a movie ,maybe wrath of the titans
Now acc to CNN Romney and Obama about tied???..polls bouncing-not to be taken seriously until Labor Day
possibe t-shirt time if we can get flowin. kids #ultimateskel right now
:) yeshh can I steal one from you 2 :)
RT If you want to follow people that can make a difference in ur life then u must follow - a true difference maker!
ron swanson just ate 15 deviled eggs and april ludgate avoided meeting a new person by claiming she had the swine flu. they are me.
I'm Tight Right Now Yo -.-
"Such a strange sensation when the reality matches the picture in my head so precisely.".
i heard that lol dont get messed up to bad
Just set a new record... Biggest diaper blowout yet! The things I share with you guys!
Why Is It So Hard to Quit Smoking?
Wow, I think you made a bad decision about where to go for dinner. G'luck!
We're all still waiting for our Hogwarts letter.
Your were given this life because you are strong enough to live it <3
RT : Glass half full: I’m proud that my verbally advanced 2-yo daughter could tell the doctor EXACTLY how the Lego got in her nose.
It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net
Looks like you'll have some comments in Pres Rhet today on the "Mission and Moment" essay.
yes exactly!!!
I'm having ice cream cake later!
Shared sacrifice is the name of the game - think about the community
No need to worry, I've made it out of the Higland Park area without beign shot at.
Thanks for the follow :) Xx
if you have a pool or at the lake or beach its pretty much a given you can start when the sun starts shining. stay hydrated :)
I'm literally right next to you and witnessed you tweet that. I feel pretty cool
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: #YouTube actually lets users choose their thumbnails so do it carefully and thoughtfully.
A lot of my friends weren't even in our class. Also, I hate being reminded of old animosity & my general apathy toward classmates
am I buying books in Pottermore or doing homework? one guess.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company. - George Washington
watching a Modern Marvels episode about stone and rock right now...no shame...
All about thursdays, or "what am I doing for the weekend" days....that could really be any day tho
wow!!! Yeah count down those school days! Goodness!
call me, maybe?
Atetnding a webinar "Making #Volunteer Engagement everyone's job ! Looking forward to learning more.
We're recording episode 9 tomorrow with another possible "special" guest .. Please submit any topics, challenges and such for the episode..
Did U know mushrooms absorb water? Even from the air! Instead of washing them next time just clean them with a damp cloth.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I think I used to live with someone a long, long time ago.
I got to try it a few weeks ago--delicious!
aww ok babe thanks and ill be safe! Love ya!
lol I eat boys for dinner
I would be excited too! Good luck! You'll do great :)
b/c they feel like they're not a threat and are only around them for sex...
So excited to see you featured in Apartment therapy my friend!! :)
shut up ^OH I JUST DID;D
20 this week !
That's EXACTLY what I ask the hundreds of students who ask me that!
Given your high cheek bones, I'm surprised you're not tweeting in Apache.
Good coach. RT Apparently Darryl Drake ran the length of the field to chest bump Alshon Jeffrey after he caught a TD.
My day just went from good to bad my mom is in the hospital and she doesn't look like she will last til the weekend so back to Georgia I go!
Cubs/Cards. Nuthin like it.
sad part is this is what we'll be chasing tomorrow
Facebook is like a longterm relationship and twitter is a romp in the hay every once in a while.
Takes chutzpah to avoid paying US tax on fantasy-valuation payout billions. Yeah, but what has America done for him *lately*...
After hearing #easierasus, said "yeah, it's about time for a new Room For Squares." Flattered doesn't cover it.
You don't DM somebody talkin bout "good morning baby how are you my dick hard AF" especially to somebody you don't een kno. That's creepy.
Oh thanks. That's music to my ears!
Load in @ 10:30? Your kidding?!!!!
I Just Wonder ...
Busted guy taking pic of lamb testicles What's up with that?
Just want to fall asleep but I have so much on my mind.
omg ik right I love listening to old songs! They bring back so many memories I swear
I don't think so. lol
lol cuz it's so late where u are...
got my cool greys
how was that not a full double?
I have a QUESTION for all the peeps who got some of the iconic boyz to follow them (HOW DID U DO IT..?)
yeah haha something like that
I had no clue you have a twitter! Haha.
Some things are better left unsaid..
So, "Battleship." It's very loud, very big and very dumb. Very, very dumb. But I can't say I didn't enjoy it. It's also charmless. Enjoy!
your prettiness transcends generational gaps. Clearly.
Hurry up, Rocco, mama's waiting! (And all your SPJ aunties & uncles.)
#NP GZA ft Method man - Shadowboxing
#subwayfitchat I think putting a Subway sandwich at my feet will motivate me to do sit ups. ;)
lol them fake bull ride go longer the eight second lol
Halfway done with work. Haircut time after. Shopping. Then Red Lobster date with my mom. Sneaking a nap in. Then Rangers/Caps game 7.
People never learn
So basically if I follow you on twitter I follow you on instagram :)
should of went the extra $ on Infante...smh
Planning's on for La Calaca Masquerade Oct. 29--can't wait to see Austin's most over-the-top Calavera Catrinas this Halloween!
Where are my parents? It's 7:30
No one is perfect that is why pencils have erasers
right like she just woobles around!! :D
nope it isn't, but it's cool. Lmfao. I'm retarded. I shouldn't have got it, I'm gonna be in so much trouble.
That awkward moment when my shoe makes a very believable fart noise in class. I tried to make the sound again but failed.
pretty good. Editing a wedding. Just heard a rascal flats song I can't get out of my head now.
Boy Bye, Not Wit Them Shoes 0n ... Haaha ( :
Wow, congratulations!! I can't wait to read the sequel. :)
Do you like #ROC beer? Tomorrow at 10 on , we'll be talking with and !
you are kinda AMAZING. and by kinda, i mean TOTALLY.
Thanks for following me Cameo Rena, Scenesbyjp and Mrkbathurst and everyone else!
okey dokey sounds good I work saturday morning till three and after not doing anything so forsure :) just lmk
Hope you feel Better :D
Ugly people with high standards <<<<
Had a dream I was Tony Soprano's son & Sean Astin's brother, kidnapped Bobby Kotick, and was stereotyped as a suicidal Nazi
That song still ruins me. I hade a huge love/hate with it. (cc: )
OH hahahaha I thought you were calling us dicks
u think playoffs next year?
Am I a bad person for laughing throughout my holocaust class today?
thanx for following me... if you want to you can follow my husband!!
Hanging with bestfriend Tracy!! Going to platos closet
The Republican plan to trash Medicare is becoming THE issue in the race to replace Chris Lee. Watch this race! Dems can pull an upset!
When girls like watching sports>>>
Tea is good. Naw, I'm just cold af
Best way to get new biz? word of mouth. 2nd best way? public speaking gigs.
Got me thinking like im 75... I aint even see thirty
Gina, are you here?
<<< But I'm trying to tone it down... Lol you however don't have that knob lol go for it!!!
I don't care if you think it's sweet ..the song "Christmas shoes" is awful.
IMHO it fits right in line with RIP. Classic Megadeth sound, no sign of the 94-2004 sell out period.
RT : Good morning from Crewe. We will be live from today from 7am EST/12pm GMT.
Well put, but as someone who has to eat this stuff, I just want it to stop. "Look! I put a thing in a thing!" Aaaaugh.
Thanks! I didn't mean to be so conceited with the name, but all variations of 'heidi' are for real taken.
whats the word over there? We're getting 503 errors
headed to B St??!?
I love mine because I can listen to my audiobooks while I'm mowing the lawn!
Thnx for the tweet. Happy to already be a follower.
"Value the wiggle."
I would like for George Martin to stick to ONE lie *ahem* I mean story.
Found mean girls dvd. Game over
99 days until
Lol my girl tell me that too
I dont want to get up for work
speaking some real shit
Risk is the wrong word. Possibility, potential success, next adventure, new start, training for rapid changes, hope.
so gay hahaha
Holding it down on 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!....at least I think.
great video man just saw it, nice job man
We are working our butts off thank you for being patient with us it'll be worth it! -Zack
Congratulations! This is an inspiration for others in similar situations.
good morning babes
I hate world history wit mr burney .
Hey man we miss you here in Wisconsin. Everyone is proud of you & how hard you work at your dreams. Always remember 1-0 everyday.
Whenever it rains theres always an ugly girl that puts on facebook "Kissing in the rain <U+2764>:)" ok nobody wants to kiss ur ugly ass
I know there are a lot of Rick Barnes haters out there right now, but lets be real, our next big after Chapman is 6'7".
We can use one or two for a rejoin...Make sure you tell me who to source. Thanks
can you please RT?? tomorrow its my birthday It will make me so happy that one of my inspirations wished me a Happy B-day :):)
Yo Rome they choped up the jungle in Sacramento WTF. I'm on a budget can't aford to be an insider.. SMH..
:o how did i play yu for going out with a gurl -.-.
Sadler - important to be authentic & transparent, focus on what u do well.
All nighter to prove people wrong
Lol girl this stuff on point!!! Ima bring it to the house next week!
ill be waiting punk!
Why more college-aged ppl now use Twitter: RT It's more acceptable to post every 2 seconds on here than to do the same thing on fb
Anyone in KC area interested in an Epson R200 printer... it's free!
RT : Eric McClure is awake and alert and communicating to medical staff per
i need some stripper friends and some gay friends!!!
Enjoy 50% Off at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Whoops. That should be "extinction level event". And extension level event isn't the big a deal. ;-)
Picking up some Irish Soda Bread at Con Pane & saying hello to my friend at Slaters 50/50, out raising $$ on a rainy day.
Misses her freshman students:/
I don't know how people like cut their wrist. I would probably like faint or some shit if I ever did that. Let alone it's right on your vein
S/O to our amazing guests!! This past weekend was one for the record books, we can't wait to do it again this Fri & Sat!
Hey IRAN has the largest JEWISH minority of ALL islamic countries (25000 people)
if it doesnt want fit you make it fit!^o^
"bust out"
what is “bimbang”? And what's matter?
Why shouldn't they? News channels r looking 4 front runner, so far they can't see 1. They have 2 report, it's too cloudy 2 4cast
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
Some people will never understand what it feels like to truly love someone
oh okay hah
wore my hollyhock necklace last night. It looked smashing.
After a day like this... I need a drank and some blues guitar!
going offline now for a while cause i need to eat and do a project due tomorrow, tweet everyone later :)
Ann, thank you so much! I hope you know that means an enormous amount to me coming from you!
RT : I hope that all works out well. I really would love to take my daughter to a pro womens game.
just watched Herzog's #IntoTheAbyss, amazing doc.
I wish we'd been able to work something out, but we didn't discuss it until too late. We're sorry and assholes.
I'm from Oregon; I don't like pumping my own gas.
just watched "silent disco" I can't believe you took the other part out eitherway i'm now gonna throw a imagination party.. ...
right back at u
Hi Kim! Professor Hecht said I should introduce myself so you could add me to the list. Thanks!
yes but we are currently experiencing some bugs. Should be fixed by Saturday for Droid and apple
can't wait to watch you "vibrate" RT : custom cupcakes $5
ah :) okay! Thanks fellow Mahomie
Heard a colleague say in a meeting today, "universities are no places for innovation." Ideally, I think, they should be.
miss those lonely stoner nights. . .
hot rod is such an inspiring movie
$0.79 for sparkling water at Trader Joe's is definitely the highlight of my weekend.
Looks like a great movie! I'm in San Francisco so unfortunately won't be there.
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend, Nick!!!!<3
Promoting a book is officially the most awkward thing I've ever done.
thank you
is she going to do playboy or is it all over for her?
This game makes me much more confident. At least they are trying!
I think it's time to start charging prospective employers and clients to interview me.
Cyborg chauffeur pulled over for turning left on red, trying to drag me into the driver's seat. Let me finish this tweet, Gamgam!
Wake up !
....Is the loneliest number since the number one?
because my twitter have a problem , i unfollow you and i follow you again , try again :'/
can you ask B if he wants to meet me for dinner tomorrow?
The Avengers was a good azz movie in 3d
damn girl I saw on YouTube dancing to I think shakira u were shakin it like CRAZY!!!!! (:
I am an interior designer if you are open to working via the web
I can't wait time get my little dog... that's all I think about.
lol a skirt with a pink top
Catholic Hoops league would keep ND football independent. Otherwise, ACC offers best academic mix + lacrosse!
Hey lady beside me, I told you someone was sitting there. So MOVE. No? Jerk.
hahaha where you at im with des we on our way I your place
Too much? I find most women (my wife included) do not give themselves enough credit & rely on make-up excessively
hahaha that's good!!
you're too cute.
It's sort of like "backwards emphasis" - the error brings attention to the subject. I hope you were being serious :x
I should have known someone already had that covered.
you like where you are ranked?
really glad to be here in Austin for #SXSW ...enjoy the #copyblogger party and networking
#CTIAEnA wonder why people are quiet. They are all connectors.
that's illegal.
LET'S GO
YOUNG LOVE MURDERED,THAT IS WHAT THIS MUST BE.
good morning alli ;) i miss ur videos, youre really positive ;))
Always a pleasure to see your pretty face!
Cowboys may be 8-6. Yet these Texans lose to a 1 win team. I guess makin playoffs first time in 11 years is progress.
Going to look at new cars.
absolutely love this write-up! & you must meet such a sweetie;)
Today turned out pretty ok :) had fun at the mall with my besties!! Missed you guys! Needs to happen again :)
Yes. Still a lot of filming left to do. Footage looks good so far. :)
Quality time at home with family - priceless.
It sounds like my neighbors are blowing shit up. Wiki is freaking out. I don't blame her.
I actually made my ex boyfriend take me to best buy and buy it for me. >:)
I saw your mom today... I'm sure you can guess how that went. -_-
Have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned, but just how it's meant to be.
at least enjoys insomnia whenever its productive
TOTALLY AGREE!!!
Nice move coach!
Almost ready to perform the 1st act of the play all the way through. It's a 25 pg monologue, you understand. Christ.
hahaha. see I'm masochistic enough to like that post-yoga pain.
I don't care if it's uncool, if you have an amazing Mom, you love her. Mine helps kids at the Boys & Girls Club & is an incredible artist.
great to see you today! I hope the taco did not disappoint & you are doing well.
Sad to be leaving SXSW. So much to think about. Met smart people and witnessed magic.
I can feel something really good about to happen.
Will Pearson lead the content revolution? Content not as an artifact, but as a service, both personalized and social?
Gonna go hunt for food. Be back in like some ood minutes.
Nail, eyes, an toes on my agenda today its a must gotta keep it cute !!!!!
National Peanut Brittle Day! “No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.”---Channing Pollock
hey there. :) I'm god and you :o
ooh! I'll be at Preakness on Sat also.. and am strongly considering #WineInTheWoods for sunday :)
Ahh.. Well, you're talking to someone who was terrified by a chipmunk at #Yaddo . #TotalCityGirl Can't wait for #Djerassi tho!
Been hard at work all day on a Sunday. Went to Peoria skate park for Davids skate sesh gave him new bearings discuss new graphics .
Thanks for the shout out and for your support!
I'm talking about your dog...
good point MT : Genre writers shd give marketing bootcamps to lit fic writers. They understand importance of interacting with fans
Viva #Mexico y La Batalla De Puebla. #Taco De Mayo! Come get your Mexican fix with us!
Watching the lion king. my fav childhood movie of all time. :)
i need eveyone to follow join the movement
Touchdown Green Bay!!!
will you dm us your email address so we can arrange getting your prize to you?
Romeo Santos ft Usher "Promise" someone sing this song to me <33
Ok that's it. I have to get this 50 Shades of Grey ish. My curiousity is piqued!
Back to getting zero Facebook notifications a day.
MAN FUCK INDIANA
Liberal learning inextricably tied to technology
Working at in 58 minutes... Hopefully a cup of Tanzania Peaberry will help me combat the wind...
That awkward moment when your old teacher tags herself at a bar.
I had lots of bestfriends and now I have just 1 because my bestfriend cole left and I will never see him again and I had a big crush on him
That's a good way to do it. I might go that route.
i got an extra one if you really want one :D
Don't confuse being "elite" with becoming "extinct"
lol no one follows me
Tribune deserves a fair and comparable contract!
This is a season of pruning and promise.
Welcome back to school. Hope everyone's classes are doing well. Get psyched for Fall Rush '09 next week!
Will do, but I'm thanking you now for "thank me later," LOL at one of my favorite phrases. Cheers!
LOL!! that must be it:)
RT "On the forf of thuhlie". Yeah, that's it.
Can I just go ahead and do a lay-a-way investment on whenever SocialCam goes ipo? Youtube is so fucked.
We do have the technology! Never a question of "if"...only one of "when"....:)
Pretty proud of what we accomplished yesterday w/ !
Bo my bob!! Hahahahah
THX for stopping throu C YA next time u in INDY be safe!
Stop Coming To My House
Beaming Stars Community Center & B Hulk presents LaDo Fitness Program.... Our program is a Youth/Adult Obesity Prevention Program..
ACROSS THE UNIVERSE had a great concept, but I felt it unraveled and not in a good way the second half.
thanks man happy you like it I'm going to try to realy push my self this year
Totally been there. It's bad when it is a member of your committee.
Well... Thats Another year I didn't miraculously get drafted into the NFL.. Bought a new suit and everything smh
Also witnessed a lot of vile happenings in British prisons this past weekend.
I might have felt better about the move if he had taken Pat White with him...
Indeed. Maybe the next one will do it. Microsoft is getting there, slowly, but surely. I'm cheering for them; Apple needs competition.
more will over time. I tweet for the council so personal accts are going thru withdrawal.
hola star grat glasses as usual :)
Wherever I am, there is joy and laughter. -Louise Hay
You and find that dog you were lookin' for? What a night for ya! Glad we had a chance to catch up.
Golf time!
I worked out an acoustic version of #JimiHendrix 's "Burning of the Midnight Lamp" in open G. I can hear harpsichord in the open strings.
Got my printer to work -again. Now I can print all the esl exercises I need from home. Life is so good!
But more barriers> users have to register for 1.library 2.amazon/ebrary/ebsco,etc 3.adobecontentserver, before using
Hate feeling anxiety. Not a good feeling...
Just in-between
Happy Thansgiving to you too!
RT : All of 's tweets are getting me to excited for this summer's olympics
www.actorsintensive.com - One-on-one private & online coaching sessions for actors, writers & directors. Take your work to the next level!
so confused right now. But still love you and all of your random tweets ;)
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 24
appreciate it
ah cool. I've got a Samsung fascinate by Verizon but I had it since last spring.
things keep falling through
What's most depressing about #DoomsdayPreppers is that the fate of human existence will be left to people like those in it.
Happy Valentine's day Twitter! :) I hope everyone is loved today! Kisses 2 Xo Babes
YO we play tomorrow! Showbox... We called hussle club. Wanna come?
Over 600 followers today! Keep it up guys. Can't wait to see everyone in the Fall. We have a great schedule to release.
The schedule is out!! March 24th needs to hurry up and get here
definitely saving it to faves. to trainwrecky not too.
Yup RT : My neck hurts from all body rockin yesterday. Thanks
If I had a dollar for every time I said I like that dress on the bachelor this season I'd be broke as shit
Thanks for the kind words and the great company. Cheers!
How about a reality show called "The Decision" Every week a player announces where he's going or a team announces a trade.
ONE DIRECTION HERSHEY TICKETS NEXT YEAR :'D
Beta bros betta be in the number, especially Grayson, Cook, et al.
I went to a track meet today ok 727 that's my track team
im so confused D:
I'm so excited for you and your trip!
What if ceelo and performed Remebering Sunday i think i would pass out
You be the bird, I'll be the feather. We'll be the best of friends forever
The problems seen in your #life are just #challenges to overcome. Enjoy life!
In further regards to previous post, clearly the 17 yr old in this piece hasn't heard of Burning Man or the myriad other music fests...
RT : There are many heroes around the world who stand ready to help Earth in the coming struggle. Meet the members of......
Alan Schwarz's reporting on MTBI Committee; suicides; Omalu and Congressional action (i.e. analogy to Big Tobacco) was catalyst to lawsuits.
Hitting the restart button here. Get onboard and help us offer greater opportunities to girls and women to play high-level soccer.
Miami beat the knicks and now watchin clippers and the grizzlies
#raw10 People say, 'Birds of a Feather, Flock together'. I keep telling my Girlfriend, I know she's a undercover Freak!
King Yellowman WILL be at the VintageReggaeWinterFest
ABQ Sunport good times watching people do stupid things.
Yeah sometimes you don't mean the things you say, but you ALWAYS seem to fucking say something you don't mean.
Amazing concept car at TED! The future is near w this one! Congrats!
for sure! Will be trying to live tweet when possible
He's like the guy version of me. :o aha
omg, I'm with you. Like, honestly, what on earth was that performance. She really is the worst.
DM us the details or your contact info and we will see if we can help you out!
working, law, investing, organizing
Setting the #Saints over under at 8.5 this year. Any takers? I'll take either side of that bet.
what's the first part of your number. ? I have two for you and need to delete one !
Just don't go on whoever it is it's not funny
I just finished a 2.10 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
What part is false? That the lib bub is fact based? Until the right buys evolution and climate change they are useless
Super excited about the Packers draft. Brought much needed attitude and intensity to the defense! Thoughts on the Bears?
.I feel fuckin lazy but I don't want to be out in the cold & i have to bus it home. On the real it's not on my agenda & won't end up on it.
Good morning world!!! Have an amazing day!!!! Xoxoxo
Sorry. I hope u do well I am #praying for you and your family
Like I don't know that was about me hahah.
love San Francisco. Enjoy your chowder. I'm having a pretzel in NYC today.
Honestly.. i could use a blunt right now -.-
- That's the hopeful plan, Stan... Oy. :)
Oh same here. I can't not watch it. HACK THE PLANET
Thanks for the general yesterday. I Learned a lot and STG is an awsome place with great people!!
Did you get our email about the blog?
"I need a clone" May be possible. Wouldn't want clone of self though ... I'd want one who was strong in my weaker areas.
to someone else for example tylerXD
Thank you for initiating the #FF!! Have a great Friday :)
My pretty angel you came from above
Glad you're home. Sounds like it's getting dicey over there.
So sad that my frostwire isn't working :(
Y'all will do great. Wish I could be there
Take me far, beyond imagination
You played me, but thats not the worst part. The worst part is I believed you....
Morning.!! Wish me luck on my performance today
Oh yeah P.S. lolol happy 050809 Lilly. ;D
I can't wait to try it!!!
Oops, we're sorry. Good morning ! :)
... Alert them to put it on a car. I really don't enjoy McDonalds, however .......
11 Months Old
whats up nick
I don't think I have ever needed coffee, a back massage, or ice more in my life
yeah the more I hear about it the more I'm convinced my bangs gave my lazy eye l o l
i miss my dad.
Get ready - Portland Pinbrawl 2012 is happening Sunday, April 22nd! More details soon...
Dig it....Marine Corps' newest recruiting tool: A Dunkin Donuts on base, first in the area opens today at Camp Pendleton.
Mother's are amazing that way. Thanks for sharing a geat vision.
Headed out east for early Easter!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!! :) it would be a dream come true if said happy birthday to mee!!! :D
Oh yeah... Who could forget. Summer session starts this week, too.
thanks for the follow!!!
90 degrees? Loving this t shirt and sunglasses weather! Plus only 3 more days till Vegas!
Thanks for the RT. We agree!
Water and green tea help detoxify and rehydrate your body and clear your skin. 8 cups of water and 3 cups of unsweetened green tea a day!
but that pic is beautiful. I wish I could teleport!
Time for to rage quit in like 10 mins lol
Maybe my boy at FORMA can help wit your campaign. He beat your frenemy Norma Chavez. White boy in brown seat, he can help.
love that you're tweeting Cindy!!
With all that chew, I'm surprised how many teeth major league players still have.
Workn on this marriage thing makes me really think nd I dnt lik bein deep wit myself
The winner is: ! Congrats! Thanks everyone for participating and we love you all!
I wish it was Friday already!!
Lucy is on too!!
LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?xx can't wait to hear them!
Thanks! RT like the SD trade up. we agree on dre to DEN. nice work
Thanks again to for a great golf outing yesterday!
Super interested in what two T. Rex's having sex would be like.
Anyone else admiring the speed of Clemson?
I'm A Gigolo Spendin Lots Of Dougghhhh! RT I can't stand a nigga who acts like a gigolo.
Amazing Grace and Chuck ...on SONYHD
Dexter Pittman is trending, someone take a screenshot of it for him. Might be his biggest accomplishment ever.
i swear if i end up going to whetstone next year i will cry tears of joy
I really hate the fact that all the Celtic fans on my timeline look good though .... Well besides one and I zipped her tweets quick fast!
or need to rap to that instrumentals
Defense looks beast. Tons of blocked shots...
I actually didn't and I regret it.
it's tonight.
I can't believe those prices! $100 for a bicycle in 1895!
#Remix Rihanna- Where Have You Been (Hardwell Remix)
Create a Blessing Today! Be a Blessing Today! :)
One day we want to hang out with just because he seems like a rad dude. :) We also feel compelled to cook for him. Bizarre.
No Kansas fans our hotel yet but I ran into a couple Ohio State fans though. Real question Oklahoma Joes or Arthur Bryants?
The shit I put up with smh
Just because I don't tell you I love you, doesn't mean I don't. Sometimes it means that you mean more to me then those 3 words explain.
I do love how Gmail reminds me when I've said in an email that I attached a file but forgot to attach it.
No Big Ten or Atlantic 10 team has won the Old Spice Classic, until today. Dayton or Minnesota.
the gas tweet, ask Margie about the evacuation of concourse B lol
lucky. I had some earlier today though. (:
this is very educational how rag gossip newspapers get their information and ruin people lives,
I'm not hungry
It's cool. I'm in the front of the line and she's in the back. If she blows will go 1st
I'm ready to see my sisters this weekend.
thank you!
We're hiring. #Project #Manager position is open! Are you an energetic PM with #magazine experience?
Almost there!! Get to start pre production today!!
Double Technical Fouls. Wow
damn, than maybe I'll do that.
Anna! Genius! Thank you!!!
thursday = wine time w/ and others
Cinco De Mayo Idea: Make homemade quesadillas with , and boom - happy kids.
Do work Andrew Larkin! Good luck on your second day at the combine!
no joke! Hahaha you should hear me sing his song, "Dirt Road Anthem" i'm so good at it, i should sing a duet w/ him ;D
RT I leave for exactly 2 weeks from today. I'm so ready. /// bro we still need to get together..
That's your oldest joke!
hand sanitizeritas, Spangsters...you know it's that thing where smart people like Steven Hawking turn into gangster rappers & make it rain.
Rainy days are quite nice every once in a while
How big of an ICONiac are you? (:
i have total snow envy right now!
Not sure yet, but I'm jealous! Where in FL?
if I made her big titty ass squirt in the pool... I shud have cuz dats big titty money lol
Let's Go Miami Heat
'hang on a little bit before you get excited.' -
BUT YOU LIE
Yea I know, trying to find a bright side<3 And it is here too! Like 107 degrees two days ago...
Daddy I want another pony.
"now get out there & find me a hot guy" LOL(:
Can't wait for the new album, you guys are some bad chicken tacos.
thank you for the forward. I love my radio peeps. In fact I'm married to one.
Haha glad you agree!
Santorum could be dropping out? ://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2012/04/10/report-santorum-to-drop-out.html via
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me without cause
nah, there's none down this way...many friends back home go there all the time...they love it...
#Gates may be "old and fat" according to some source, but he is still THE MAN.
It sucks in Madison! Windy, cold, and snowing :(
#oomf finna feel that fire under they ass
Nice effort by to make that catch.
"your cuteness is natural" aww best thing said to me all day :)
Haha that's hilarious!!
that's a good one!
Happy Friday! Who's using their Wrecking Balm today?
jobs bill is lies, it takes 2 to 7 yrs to get road & bridge jobs ready
Roger Waters announces live performance of THE WALL at Yankee Stadium on July 6, 2012
hey i was wondering if you could give me a birthday shout out, my bday is tomorrow, and also thanks for following me. :)
#Headshots - Should look like you on your best day, not overly done-up or unlike how you normally look. Use the app to find a photographer!
what channel :))
Thanks! I think it will be a good time :) Did you see my tweet about reservations?
Paddlock your style
Bah! Rear trailing arm bushings shot on the car now. Ehh, know what im doing this weekend.
U the wifey type beautiful
5 Coolest Things. SR71 Takeoff. Forward swept wing aircraft. DC8 aircraft for flying science @ 500ft. 600 rocket launches.
#InTheSummer I use to go to bed 4 am & wake up 1 pm.
We're getting slammed with a winter storm. Stay off the roads if you can but be extremely cautious if you do drive...it's wild out there.
Soo excited cant wait to see what you guys throw down!
never thought that i could be replaced as a best friend . people change over the years :(
Lol “ I need to find out who I gotta screw to get a degree”
I KNOW I AM WATCHING IT LOVE IT DO U ???!$
burned 248 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
On police scanner 47th and Schafer mentioned much
and no we will not be open for the #mariners games
Thanks for the follow Mark. seems like a great company. Video and Microtargeting interest me the most...
yeah me and ashley got in a pic together & she said she liked my shirt :)
Show Tonight at THE GRAPE ROOM in Manayunk. 105 Grape Street, Doors at 7, $7.
Did you see Steve Stucker's award this morning? Yeah, we're proud of him, too!
#DemiOnPunkdTonight yes i am so excited to see this episode
Visit my colleagues , , at the #SLA2011 event in #Philly! They’ll be at booth 1131!
Yes RT : In a virtual world we can evoke assessment that can't happen with paper/pencil. Builds rich audit trail. Dede
Thanks buddy! I'm free at last!
It's surprising how many accredited doctors snuff off the science. It should be the only thing that matters
yeah bruva. check the news.
Like the VacantHouseBand on Facebook! Let 'em know you liked it!
Go Kansas!!
To the people who coming back around because you know I'm almost done with school, #youainshit. Shout out to the ones who stuck around!
didn't I just see u there ?? :)
create a focus group, team up, ask for 30 minutes of a doctor, present case to prescribe the community
follow back?(:
Everything finally setup with Ready to start swiping
These refs are terrible. Every replay shows Davis getting hammered with No calls
Washington Dc in the building
Save Cuillier giving Data Ethics Checklist for data-based reporting in opening session of Soc of Pro Journalists Denver conf.
yea yea
Show tonight in columbia, SC. Last show in the Carolinas for a while. Back to FLorida in the am. :)
So ready for football season!!! BBN4L
I still don't know why people hate on How about you try selling out a show in 22 minutes. Its not easy!!
Like really? Noone ruins my Sundays
will you really
I own 2 season tickets to UK football yet chose to stay home and mow the lawn. Mitch, are you listening?
Baby in the office, baby in the office
Boycott these co's 'til they leave ALEC: Johnson & Johnson, Kraft, UPS, State Farm Ins, Bayer, Walmart, Pfizer, AT&T, ExxonMobil PLEASE RT
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I was there, so don't try to change the story.
those too!
well, gonna hop off & c what i can give away/trash. #lovetodownsize :) ttyl
Elaine Smith: A Lifetime of Serving Others Dog-loving nurse founded Therapy Dogs International, and leaves a wonderful legacy carried on
How'd it go? Jealous you are home for today's Eagles game but can't complain about the 80 degree weather here. Saw Wepner..
ctfu hell yeah he be makin everybody look so short
are you talking about that Zohan piece of garbage?
can't wait to work with you!
#MyCelebCrushIs A Bad Lay.
cute kid
Dreesen did save Elway's cell number.
MTV's Real World is coming to US Open Sandcastle Comp next month in IB.
Ready for something new in my life...time to make decisions and changes!
I'll have to see if there's a podcast.
In my world of Cinco de Mayo for a b-day NOT going to Mexican food is a special occasion! Headed to 3 Foods Cafe with the fam to celebrate
Be sure to pick one that matches my monocle and smoking jacket.
sometimes I really wish it were true... nice stick figures too by the way!
Dammn rite im sleeping on yu niqqa give me my pillow!!
Will do! Much needed break. :)
Thanks for all your support ~ We are so excited about #TEDx Youth Day in #Miami ~ November 20 ~
that "awkward moment" will be moot soon enough!
Some talent still left in the draft pool...Kellen Moore, Chris Polk, Broderick Green, James Rogers, Alfonzo Dennard, to name a few.
I feel SO much better now. :)
Movies with my baby!!
Are they announcing regionals already?
yes when you get 1 msg me your gamertag
Your shoes are oddly fascinating. Flats first, heels top out at platforms in late 20s, & gradually down to flats again.
you do realize i could have gotten her right?
#Secretlust tweet!!! Somebody feeling a certain way huh? RT : Embracing your sex appeal is a beautiful thing.
Lmaooo selena looks like justins mother..they don't make a good couple nicki minaj love u
t-minus 4 days! is in for a HUGE surprise ;)
Nothing much, Just got in from a long day of filming. I'm eating dinner now. How about you?
Make sure u nominate exile for all eligible catagories at the Ohio hip hop awards. This year were gonna make noise!
I'm finding out that twitter is mostly for smart phone people...don't have one, just a laptop...oh well...
#20thingsaboutme that 3 in AP euro was the best of all my APs. i thought that test kicked my ass.
"Job creation is crucial for the survival of cities." Joan Clos, ED of UN-Habitat.
Forgot I have a bruise on my cheek, I just rubbed my face, HOLY SHIT OUCH.
Aw are you cold?! Well that's what you get for wearing booty shorts to a night game ya dumb bitch!
You said you loved me, but now you flipping like reciprocals
Come get one mouth watering burger
Not in the mood now...
Hi, remember me? You used to smile when you saw me, hug me for no reason, talk to me for no reason & love me for who I am. I miss that.
What's your favorite part about KC?
New from Comcast! Internet Essentials: $9.95 Internet service for qualifying families with kids who receive free lunches...
congrats to who is receiving my last pair of am90 infrared (2010) for completing a mjace challenge lmao
Let's go Lakers, put these people out of their misery!!!
Hey #college #students - bring an awesome #speaker to your #campus for your next #event, #conference, or #lecture. Contact !
What's goodie my G
Hooka and beer with the best in my porch
and more! Call to reserve your space @ 212.594.9616.
“The object of Art is to give life a shape.” <U+2015> William Shakespeare
Grambling is tear Southern up this Bayou Classic!
Leave her alone....
eh, it was better on paper than on screen.
so yea small balls & anger issues I guess the world balances himself
Tim Tebow will be in the top 100 even though I don't think he should. Hopefully he is on today's show
Wonderful to see you, as always. Thanks for your support
Congrats! I had to get involved in ending the reign of legal ignorance over craft beer.What's brewing? Please drop me a line.
Eric Cantor is a traitor. Putting Israel's interests before the US. If a Dem did that all TV talking heads would be screaming. But IOKIYAR
Get Markakis out of the 3 hole. He is no more a #3 hitter than Andino at this point.
Hey I'm performing in Fort Myers @ the Laugh In Cafe, Feb 3-4. Tell a friend. Great weekend to you! -Mexican Wolverine :{///
I'll link to my review tomorrow. The Brazilian origins of the dance and the music should make this really unique.
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will
wow! #soulmates? (we like your name!)
I got you a little something for your birthday but I cant wait so I'm probably gonna give it to you on Monday ^_^ lmao(x
When you are having casting for a video in Miami let your Miami base twitter fans know!
Today could not get worse
I posted late on Wednesday's post. Had to think about what I posted but it's a done deal now. Praying it helps someone :)
Yum! Can't wait!
maybe it was perfect? :)
Just met Leroy Butler
What's up cuzzo?
yeah, that's what I was thinking too. Just thought I'd double check (:
Chad Kroeger, "HERO" OH YEAH...where is my SPIDERMAN?????
CC looks good so far!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
More than one woman told the whole truth about his life ..
hey sweetie how your day today it's raning down here even the way yoou look you could make the be better buy looking at your pic
Bella's dress was hotter than Kate middleton's
How bout #WeGotSweptLikeBitches? RT : Need Lakers templates in tweets?
I need to come toTarget more often.
Delayed choice entanglement swapping does spice up the psi discussion re: retrocausation Be wary of oversimplifying 2 ensembles
aww. I do! I like the zippers too. They're real pockets!
Kill me now.
well, because I'm a Moose.
lesson learned just now - it pays to stop coding, step back, learn a good way and then get back to it.
#fridayreads Finishing The Long Goodbye by Raymond Chandler (SO GOOD!) and rereading Kindred for !
Walker texas ranger could kick Donyell Marshall in the head while playing piano in
Hey! Rey gave me his glove after a game last year so don't bash him, even though he does suck hah
I was just saying...
I keep having dreams about Disney land o.O it's weird
MBUSA announces teams for
Tattoo tuesday at secret gentlemens club. Come win a tattoo from counts tattoo shop. 2$ beer. 4$ well. And me!!!
People seriously need to find new topics to talkk aboutt
*runs in slow motion* no *jumps on to the pancake* I just saved your life! now get the Kings to sign me
Please follow us. I know we can make a difference together. -Mitch
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Right. I can buy him not remembering - life is long, and he probably bullied others - but it clearly happened.
Thought rain would make me sleepy but maybe not. Just yawny.
This is not good news #Brewers place Chris Narveson on 15-day DL with tear in his left Rotator Cuff.
yeah, i love you too.
Does anybody have a tablet or iPad for sale with camera! And also looking for ipod! Send pics and price in here if 304-612-2469 texts only
What da hell bobby
in dallas?
tank and i spent 8 un-needed hours together waiting for a battery to charge that never worked. awesome.
Baking and Easter dinner preparations, mow lawns, clean house, opry mills mall perhaps. Good thing I woke up at 7! Here we go!
which thunderbird are you playing at?
RT Habitat_Restore HabitatWC's ReStore sells used & surplus building materials at a fraction of original.
That's fantastic! RT Our FOT tree is 12 years old now and gives shade to our block.
hahha, I'm totally turned on by this “: Zac Efron accidentally dropped a condom on the red carpet at the premiere of "The Lorax."”
psh celebrity apprentice is a great friday night ....the drama between Lisa and Diana has sucked me in!
Life gives us brief moments with another...but sometimes in those brief moment we get memories that last a life time... -
Mikey on the track #music #FOLLOW #qm #
Awesome pick! Good work! RT : Excited to welcome Nick Perry to the Packers. Good football player.
Power out on Amtrak 173 Boston to New York. Stranded half way. Temporary?
I'm balding but I believe a girl will love me for whats on the inside. Problem is, I'm also balding on the inside.
debuts today on FoxSports. a baseball talk show for kids, hosted by kids.
I am going to WBF we should meet up there.
thank you!
Best. Weekend. Ever????? xoxo
Spinning with Linny
Fall TV stuff. Some looks great, while some are turdly looking.
We need ideas for our 2012 list. Know dates for any events/festivals/food celebrations coming to the 'Burgh in 2012?
This had to be one of the fastest weeks to go by.
Voter turnout for the #wirecall primary was around 30% of eligible voters.
everything that dont make since about me, makes since when im with youu <3
I've been living with myself all of my life, so I know all of me. So when I watch me, all I see is me. It's boring.
Its might funny how yhu didnt wana pay me no attenion and ignore my call but now yhu wana blow up my fone and call me werid
Justin Beiber. Do I really need a reason?
I'm editing a piece and not sure how to explain the changes I made. "I broke up the excessive dependent clauses???"
MAN i missed on twitter bc i was doing my last book report :( i am sad now
So, just how &#39;nontraditional&#39; is Jessica Simpson&#39;s baby name?
we can't wait!! RT This Sunday Long Beach Patchwork Festival from 11am-5. At the Marine Stadium Bay shore. Super fun event!!!
DONT INSULT MY INTELLIGENCE
-I strive to help protect people, &when I get the calls that someone didnt make it, it hurts, but you keep fighting
i gotta say, is putting forth a solid effort to make a splash. dope video.
yall need to holla at black caesar lets network for the tone
Just got home from a 1st date...It went well!!! I look forward to the 2nd!!! #first date
Jus never been dominated in 2k how LeBron is doing us right now lbs
"Without a Father" needs extras. If you are interested please let us know at .
Sitting at SoHo House W-Hollywood working away, June gloom in LA this morning, with 15 dollar Americano's...good times
and co. thanks for dialing in my cronus cx on a very busy black friday. rides so much better.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody
lol XD thank you captain obvious no but seriously i'd care god forbid something happened to you.
thanks for following! (:
I'm exempt from my Spanish final
Tina you just dont tweet enough, what are you actually on the phone with real people or god forbid outside? Love You.
im tired of it
ok. Lol. Bye.
“ “ I don't care how old you are, if you don't respect me i'm not respecting you.””
Word to the wise: never smile after eating oreos.
santa clara...u?
this was spectacular and much needed! Starting cooking young increases your confidence. Esp. As a male.
via : If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others -Haim Ginott
#FF & to get a special PROMOTION PACKAGE which includes Radio Airplay & PROMO for your Music
omg!! Yes! I forgot about those hahaha
Who's comin to MyStudio tonight for OMARIONS Official Mixed tape Red Carpet event with special CONFIRMED Invited guest CHRIS BROWN!!!
Yay for a great night!!!
Small job outside of Athens. Anyone headed that way?
": End of an error. RT : Source: #Dodgers sale has closed. McCourt era has ended." Lmao point made
This book is getting interesting.
TODAY'S ZYX'S SPONSORED BY
man went to supa ghetto as apartment party not even a house party and got robbed out of 3 dolla cause we paid and wasnt there but a couple
if anyone was ever this excited to see me I'd probably die. you're a precious man. SEE YOU IN NEW YORK, BABY!
I know what it is.. you ain't catch up on ya sports center today? too busy watchin reality shows? lol
that's a wonderful thing to do:)
Can't wait till I can drive:x
Just switched my saved GoogleBooks to Life is so much better with good metadata.
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!!
Defeat is my common enemy, I hate defeat.
congads bill the brewers superfans always behind ya. Good luck
:* Glee club was cool. Rapped Bohemian Rhapsody instead of singing it.
guess WHAT dudes. THIS SHIT WILL NOT STAND.
« I'm too nice to the wrong people. I need to stop believing there's good in everyone»
this sexy toe is out...... love you austy baby ;) lol.
Via: Leadershipfreak If all you care about is making the numbers, you don't care enough.
If you are a girl... Let me be the first to tell you that you need to go ahead and read fifty shades of Grey.
O Well I Aint No Hater I Jus Talk Shyt But I Do Give Props. Wear Her Legz Like EarMuffs N She'll Love It.
Chesapeake Finsh Line Tower!
people do less dangerous things, while using social media and get in trouble less?
Was that in the script?
PUT ME N THE LOOP BADNEWZ FT DRUGZ PRODUCE BY THE PRODUCER .......FIRE LOOPY IF U AINT HEAR THIS THEN U AINT IN THE LOOP!
lol that's how they do it I guess.
just float it lol rookie of the year was my fav movie for awhile pitchers got a big butt lol
just breathe you got this
We are still waiting for our Fanzy winner to contact us from March. Be sure to check your emails!
hahaha great idea, "Don't forget to bring a towel"
tell gab I said what up!!!
Watch: Jackson Loses His Cool
Amazing fact. “: Great trivia question and answer on the Colorado broadcast: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all hitters, ever.”
“: With the win tonight, the have been officially eliminated from the 2012 NBA Playoffs.” No!!!!!!
S/O to my gurl Lakecia Benjamin for blessing my tracks so awesomely today. #master#StackinBeatzMadBlood POOF!!!
Fair enough. At least there are free and inexpensive events around town this time of year, too.
I love golf, #butgolfhatesme!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Aww, Cryssy, I'd date you. But I'm married. & straight. But I still luv u lots. Maybe I'll go into my lab & build you a man...
“: A walk to remember has to be one of the greatest movie on earth hands down...” hey thats our movie!
phone died call me back when your done with your shower
All dat fake shit gotta perish...
You are very welcome! Thank you for the follow as well.
gonna try not to stab myself during this last conference call of the week! so tired of talking to vendors and consultants.
Random words idea came from great book POEMCRAZY. Author used for prompts and I've just taken it a bit further :)
Cop me one too please!
They're on it. You should hear from them shortly.
Sucker Punch, the ninjas only weakness! If you hear it coming, it's the last thing you'll ever hear.
#edchat committed as a principal to support learning, aspire to philosophy that the good teachers should not be stressed.
Based on the people around me, I'm guessing the destination of this bus is the bowels of hell.
Thank you so much! Wow - 9 yrs flies by when having fun at
when you look me in the eyes, i catch a glimpse of heaven. <3
That's the thing: everybody THINKS this and THINKS that. Better chance of Bazz to UCLA than Noel to G-town, though.
okay chris jericho is getting a little carried away with his jackets
RT OUCH!!! RT : u dnt even kw wat house music is RT : Coming to sing 4 u RT : I miss house music
on 300 shares, lol! be patient, it will hit my short term target of about 3.05 in my opinion, and might exceed it.
Don't quit your day job. The circus isn't as appealing as it seems.
Thank you!
Enjoyed hearing you in Baltimore 2 weeks ago! Looking forward to piece on Freeman! Go Curley Friars!
You may vote for UP TO 8 members at large but you do not HAVE to vote for eight.
ugh, not what I wanted to hear as I walk into a meeting!
its raining and thundering!!!!!
RT Pride and Prejudice, one of my all time favorites. I've watched this '05 version at least 50x (no kid!) #<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>JaneAusten
#FF my partner in slime
where's the petco at? Might need to head back to DMV..
just installed 1.5 and it crashes repeatedly on startup. NOT PROMISING.
Ted Mondale -- Vikings making substantial contribution to creating venue that public will use 355 days per year.
Johnny Bananas & Camilla hasn't tweeted nothing yet? Wonder if it's a sign? WONDER
fo.low me
you're right - I love mandolins!
Can't see this link - could you repost? Thanks!
Slow down, and stop making silly fouls...
As always you are more than welcome...lol ;-)
Someone just waved at me as I drove by them and I couldn't tell who it was. Lawls.
Looking forward with optimism, ignoring the rear view!!!
Second to last #INDOOR copetition today!!! Gonna be awesome!! Especially the 2 1/2 hr bus ride.. lol(;(;
The only thing worse than finding a creepy-crawly in your home is finding just the leg of a creepy-crawly in your home.
I need to clean my room for this weekend.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
RT : You did the cause proud, !
Rossi-Snook "we are providing access it's just mediated" to #YFF Collection. Some teen thugs preoccupied w/darker themes-some not!
dee brown from Illinois may be faster just could never figure out the change of speed thing
Life's best lessons are learned at the worst times.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Have a great day bruh bruh!
The tournament buy-in will be $250, with an additional $50 for breakfast buffet prior to the Tournament, cocktails & silent auction follow.
U no men have there periods too
Tip of the day: meatloaf can be served with egg or without egg.
Wish would invite that pig over for a BarBQ! Go Casey!
You should be able to use your Transvip voucher # whenever you arrive to get to your host family house.
heading to walnut in a few.
I Said I Was Sorry ..
thank you! I hope you did too! love you! <U+263A>
Good Morning Austin!(: I Love You Please, Please, Please Follow Me!(:
#nowplaying This Is How We Do It, Montell Jordan
That awkward moment when you're not lying, and you ACTUALLY LEFT YOUR HOMEWORK HOME.
People who like fish on their pizza are weird!
Any Quality Assurance Peeps out there looking for a Perm Position? 312-616-7974
Happy mothers day
Thanks Linda, it would be a pleasure to meet you.
On route to my 3rd library today. Gushed about it WOOOH so much books.. yeah #bibliophile..but heart #libraries so
#bestfeeling When you are having a crappy day, but someone tells you that you look nice or look like a 'skinny-minnie' ...I'll take it ;)
lmao yea that girl would be hella fine
to be fair, she's probably collecting a fat paycheck from abc basically for being famous for being famous...still i'd take fb stock
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Haven't used a desktop since my internship last summer
Linda--For your house-hunt, are you looking to buy or rent? I am happy to help you and have quite a few resources. --Aaron
Ok, for real - somebody get an update on Mariano.
Thanks for the Twitter love!
About to hear at
I've Loved And I Lost <3
it's tough dating a liar, but I guess it's tough dating an actor, too
That hurts!
Thanks for the links-I'll look forward to joining on the wiki. For 2nd year in a row, I have a conflict & cant attend
Who's running the Joe Kleinerman 10k in Central Park tomorrow? Should be about 38 degrees at the start gun - brisk but not freezing!
you better keep your fingers crossed for no rain delays or cancelled flights!
Congrats on engagement Mae. Who's the lucky fella?
follow for chances to win prizes on friday!!!
just as long as u won your part <3
“: What's good on tv?” MLBtv will you be able to ride this weekend?
You're so welcome, Emma! :) Thanks for the #ff. Have a great weekend!
Who need more followers? Retweet this and tweet me 'SWAG' and gain 1OOO+ followers! ( Must be following first! )
The boyz are gonna be on shake it up!!!
Awww, I love Adam.
Making spit balls out of construction paper and flinging them at me. How cute.
Clean, low cost, abundant-energy. A day when you cannot say, "Clean your plate, there are people starving"
#iPhone4S or #NexusS ? I need help deciding! :S
To all of you who followed me during my absence, thank you for your follow. I’m excited about reading your tweets and being back at Twitter.
Yeah! RT via : Help Wanted: Telepath; you know where to apply.
I just tweeted 200 times in the past 40minutes...
Feelings hurt!
working on some changes. Will back up soon
The 99% think like the 99% and that's why they are the 99% bitching at the 1%. Be the 1% by thinking like one.
remember tonight exactly a year ago! Fucking
I'd LOVE you guys to do a feature about cruelty free cosmetic products. It would be AMAZING
Last few days I was at hospital for my wife, back in office today
SexTip Guys, if your girl starts to lose the mood during sex, return to foreplay for a minute or two to get her back in the mood.
Lordy - email jail since 8:30 AM. Makes for an Antsy Dina!
beer curation winding down yet? There's still some mellow fun to be had at B&O!
you furnish the pasta maker, i'll bring the wine... we can gather the girls and make a night of it.
Allegedly we've put a man on the moon, yet the Facebook app still sucks.
“: Merry Christmas to you sir! Have fun tomorrow at RAW!! :D” Thanks :-D
#imagine you and Louis are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you. you: not here. Louis: then let's go to the bathroom ;)
your story inspires me, thank you!
I do not wear curator pants. I wear Hammer pants. Wait... these actually look like something MC would have been into...
Glad u njoyd it! Givn God all the Glory. I had a great time with you guys!
#ihavenotolerance for stupid drivers!
I hear hammers and crowbars! Demo is going smoothly!
Christmas decorations in the office! I have my own personal mini stocking hanging on my cubicle wall. Haha...love the holiday spirit! Cheers
We've switched to showers mode--both rain and snow. But virtually all valley roads stay wet.
with the case jack out there u can't fold fifth, wp Mike
and you will!
I gotta take a risk take a chance make a chance and breakaway
!!(: I'll keep your secret. <3
Just checked out the ratings in the App Store - average of 5 stars and well-earned. Great way to get addicted to fitness.
Dr. Love thinks that a relationship between Daniel Simmons and Beautifull Smith has a very good chance of being successful.
Such an adventures night..got lost downtown and now in a random parking lot with a flat tire. Right ?
I can't write this paper.
RT Much love to the #Lobos on winning the #MWC tournament!! Everyone's a LOBO...WOOF WOOF WOOF!
how was the concert?
Follow and I will send uUR name to the crew, JUSTIN, Cody, peyton and the members of one direction ! No joke (:
Boom! Yeah!
thank you Caroline!!!
Guys were so glad to say we signed our first artist and there debut album will be out January 19,2011
YAY!!!! Sign up for the mailing list for lube! :)
hah. hipster? lame old dude.
You and your locked tweets! <<< lol
Over/under on the calories in this? "Tim Hortons Cafe & Bake Shop debuts deliciously decadent Caramel Chocolate Brownie Iced Capp Supreme"
Hopefully I can double the 50,000 words this month for #nanowrimo!
Listen up! RT : Tourist lessons: if you're going to get drunk to the point you don't know you're name keep your ID with you.
: walked in to the office past News Channel 6 van, front door crowded with bleach blonds smoking cigarettes; Sammy Moore's ABC hearing!
I'm with !! #PeopleAgainstThePats... Go Giants!!
Goodmorning everyone ! Its a great day for some fun! Cumm see me..... topnotchescorts.net
"Pakistan" means "Land of the Pure". The Capital is Islamabad, so that could be the Muslim you mention....
RT : Sic Saturdays @ 240 E Pittsburgh. It's party time fun craziness. Extra bass weekly. Guest Dj Kosmo tonite no cover
Yw, sounds like the perfect tour guide? ;) I've driven thru CO many X & thought "If I ever have chance to live here!?" Now, I do
Sex and sexual compatibility is VERY important, but at times thats what WE ONLY focus on #RealityCHECK its NOT EVERYTHING
lol u ready
So excited for mother daughter din at tonight w/ Bring on the grigio!
Dana Point, CA just for the day. Or, wherever my cat permits me to roam.
Somethings are better not being said.
Track meet today feeling good !
quit protectin those tweets. You got some retweet material
have a great day luv
Capes are a liability!
My husband would probably agree about the golf, but I've seen him eat haggis batter-dipped, deep-fried, on pizza.
the power of media!
We can leave the past behind!
Happy Holidays to all
admit it, this is my appeal.
Do what you want im just saying... words cut deep.
Increase Profits Selling Jewelry at Craft Shows With Gift Boxes Selling handmade jewelry at craft shows can be more profitable with the u
Love that Brittany brought her grandma. Hate the girls that made fun of her for it!
Received and replied. Appreciate it man!
#3WordsForYou I Miss You
the one and only Daniel mori!
i would follow but i'm over my limit): but can you follow me please? (:
It was great! Im back home now but going BACK out there in a couple of weeks!
Morning run in Vegas = awesome. I might not like the people here but the building facades are grand to run through.
And Im not cocky I just love myself
Hell yes!
$3.70 more & you can cop a nick sack is all I'm saying.
We've got a lot too learned but god knows we're worth it
Now that's real hustling. Work hard to achieve your dreams, no matter how big or how small! :)
Dont trip! We are not going out of business. Got some cool changes underway. As always we are available online but also in some new shops...
I am curious as 2 how u heard of me I really like your pf info mayne #POSITIVETHINKING is #VITAL in every-day life! Thats gr8
Females Can Be Players Too .
Yeah, my mom bought it!
but not impossible
In order to ensure he misses a start it would have to be 9 games which is just crazy.
Feeling pretty in pink!!!
why must the "e" network people always rhyme when talking?
pretty sure cats have a similar system for morning food distribution. Inefficient and poorly distributed.
that is awesome! This years #Shareathon is even better than last years! $1,000 just to tweet!
nothing what you been on?
Nah. Just commercials. On TV, web vids, etc.
I am feeling a strong connection to this lady! "I'm clueless, but competitive." The Moth,
I don't think of her as riot grrrl but as a great musician.
bring me some! haha
Do you play Bioshock or have you?
Go to sleep, Ace.
What do you think about the moves #Spurs might make today ? Gary Cahill, Parker, Adebayor maybe?
please follow me!!! i'm your biggest fan please
and I just witnessed perfection.
OH: "he should treat me like a princess damn it I am Rapunzel!" haha drunks on st pattys day
Chernobyl Diaries: for the generation that missed the Blair Witch Project
No thanks, I don't enjoy listening to teeny pop songs by high school girls, that's so 90s...
thanks much. I've decided to try to popularize the term little "b" buddhist--who's with me?
Yes we will
I was gonna tell you my dream but it wouldn't fit ):
And pining after death seems like a lower bar?
#Boxing #Quote Boxing is smoky halls and kidneys battered until they bleed. Roger Kahn
what's wrong with it?
I can just picture WWE '13 right now; the object of the game will be to get your Superstar to trend Worldwide on Twitter.
your gonna love it it's amazing!
best run of my life - love this weather!
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
Doing great, love the hat, I see your into the holiday spirit.
You are the best thing that's ever been mine.
hard workout + warm weather = nap time
where have u been at
what's wrong wit yo phone
that was colorful.
Like when teachers think an entire class "hates" them because of one upset student. Nice example, thanks.
Thanks Ralph! We'll send you some answers later today.
Lol .. Why you say that ?
Somethow twitter reminds me of the days of CB radios -- comback --
Even though I've read the book now, I still love the movie dear John. Movies are usually so great, even if the book is better.
Regular sized condoms are so little, aw
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
Follow back plz?
VIP Bottle Service, Table Reservations or to be added to OUR Guest List Call Or TXT (602)465-4148/(602)229-1110Ver más
who has facebook?
malia fullerton: most particip asked to reconsent for data submission to dbGaP said yes, but 90% said being asked=extremely important!
Blehhh all work no play
The lights were too bright at the Chinese restaurant so the manager decided to dim sum.
Looking for an Aussie actor in Boston Ideally would be 20-40, w/ a comedic and punk edge. Tattoos and spiky hair welcome (not required).
Wonderful Amazing Gyrotonic session. Thank you !!!! <3
hahahah okay! It's like a superpower. It's magical.
i was waiting for you to reply lmaoo im sleepin now shhh lol god night(: gl on ur finals mines r coming too -___-
Glad you were tweeting about the other Karen.
Big shot for us 62-59
A good weight for someone to be at may be different than yours. Focus on being healthy & performing at your best not the number on the scale
I finally fucking made it. Thanks for letting me know, dude.
who produced such great television?
re; I was representing for you son! Hook em' horns!!
My resolution for 2012: the maximum supported by my display and graphics card.
Like us on facebook!! www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
right here
I love the phantom and now we are no longer related
Happy birthday
vs Pacers no, vs OKC o Spurs, SI :-(
53 days until Vermont.
then come see me!!!
And my 7 year old. The arc of history bends toward justice.
How are you MAJ?
If u can't understand why looks so bad on this - across the entire "family" of platforms, then u really just don't get it
My God this is unfortunately so very true. Not one dr ever asked how I was doing
Federal Agents raid gun shop, find weapons.
#MuddButt RT Kobe got the bubble guts
no. I took the picture.
I can't believe I just locked in a 30yr fixed at 3.75. It is like they are giving $$$ away!
#teamfollowback n I follow back bitch!
hahah I've never drank by the pint in the states actually. so London is still winning. lol
Congratulations to them. I thought I was getting an Elf-Wire email but it was actually an email sent to like 9723832879232 thousand people.
#theysaytrueloveisblind but you really gotta have some vision problems if your asking a 400 pound woman to marry you
USF Talent Show tonight at 9 p.m. in North Campus. You pick the winners through text voting. Go support your friends! :)
right on, will keep an eye out..Peace!
#littlestar making the cups kiss
I need a nickname
Eli in the Superbowl is teaching our youth that any #MouthBreathingDummy can make it in this country, I won't allow it!
ICYMI: #sotu2012 proved #obama2012 is stronger tax cutter (for 99% wages) & deficit fighter (against 1% loopholes) than
today is going swimmingly, coffee is sort of working. i'll call it a win
I want my girlfriend to be out of dance. I wanna talk to her already!
i realize that education is important, but is it really necessary to make us wake up at 5? i'm more of a night owl (:
Caller just labeled me the Newt Gingrich of local radio because I do.not sling mud. Hate the analogy
:) RT : I'm going to next weekend. Love big bots with spinning blades.
Once I accidentally pressed cancel during that second it says 100% before it actually finishes when rendering a video.
10 Often Overlooked Marketing Strategies Philip Kotler defines marketing as “the science and art of exploring, creating, and delivering v
Who is that?
haha idk i had to say it..
thanks for following!
Enjoyed listening to 'Repeated Measures', thanks.
I agree on both accounts. Estrada is always up for the challenge. How has Peralta control been this season?
You gotta put your "I hate college" song on youtube so I can share with my friends! THAT SHIT'S TIGHT
you don't wanna call nobody else
wat can i say ......something says one thing.....nd he says another...which one to believe? # confused O.o
A pixie cut may be in the near future. Not a fan of hair in the face
Liked Josh better
already u still in sa?
haha yes! We will discuss details and the plan tomorrow while doing hair :)
Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort. Full effort is full victory.
Thank you, how are you today?
Thanks for pointing these resources out! I'm still getting the hang of Twitter and am figuring out how best to manage data.
No doubt. Haven't decided what to get. Carrying a Ruger LCR for the time being.
We could incorporate dusting into Jules's first birthday party. Party favor is a new dust rag.
thank yew :)
why do my check-ins keeps getting retweeted? you weren't here with me!
me too I hate when Stephanie Carranza doesn't text back ugh!!! “: I hate when people dont text me back!Now i know how it feels. :(”
Happy to have run into at the #berkeleymunch tonight!
I'm done with all the recording but It's not complete yet. Still working on the cover
check out single
Transformers 3: Dark of the Hoe
I had time to rewrite my blog from a casino in Macau. Posted earlier. Had detention time with some unsavory and suspicious guards. But...
Such a fun evening with a lot of fun people last night. Always guaranteed a good time in the Lower East Side.
who isn't down for a warm squirt?
First job interview (possibly) happening in 3 hours. If I could sell anxiety on Amazon, I'd be a rich man.
please follow back chanel
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you're a Texas girl
15's photo shot was AMAZING w.my bestfriend <U+2665>.<U+2665>
oh no! I hate being sick. Hope you feel better. Hope wasn't contagious!
I will for the man who brought us Forrest Gump
I don't get the love affair with Josh Smith.
hope your Tucson days are filled with otter pops, maruchan soup, disturbing solstice rocks, and Bob Key
Share your time and talents with people in need & the life you change will be your own.
Yes! ": Looking forward to playing at Curio in with and on Tuesday! 9:30-midnight"
To make culture authentic again, need to create shared moments
Smh They just don't know or care that in order to be a good teacher u have to be a good student. Nothing wrong with learning.
It's happened a couple times since then.. Would love to see #Loyola pull off the upset
If only I had $ 1B. I guess I wouldn't be tweeting about this stuff, if I did ;-)
thank you so much for stopping by!!
but Britt is cuter ;) lol
Lunch reading: 10yrold has comics/sports, husband has Ideas section, I have Globe Magazine & 8yrold studying Toys R Us insert. Peaceful.
Latly iv been kind of pissed off because everybody sayin lil wayne spits raw
Thnx! Panhellenic, National DG have been useless. National DG said I could "fax". Right.
We're on our way to #SXSW! What should we check out?
I realize there is no point to trying to get anything done in this heat. Looks like nothing will get done until the sun goes down :/
Daytime #curfew laws allow CVPD to search, question, and deter any juvenile without adhereing to constitutional safeguards.
My co-worker at my new job asked me if I voted today in the Wisconsin GOP primary. I politely said no and laughed uproariously inside!
hey girl! you work at the Rocco Altobelli in St.Paul right?
2 more classes, 3 final exams, and 8 more days until my freshman year of college is finished!
Hey Twitter - We are both SINGLE!!! :) hehehehe
thedcdon hot show Intelligent. This is politics. I learning today. Hasnt happen since Tim on Meet the Press.
haha . ya everyone does
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Know A Mans Past...And You'll Understand His Future."
- I'm reading "The Jolly Mon" to my daughters first grade class next week. Gonna bring my guitar & teach them the song too.
Saw JEFF, WHO LIVES AT HOME tonight.enjoyed it! Duplass Brothers are pretty awesome!
· just signed your petition!
Prom tomorrow!
So overwhelmed it's ridiculous . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
At #Jets rookie minicamp. Draft picks, UDFAs all here. Scotty McKnight also out there.
Been a while since I've been on this Twitter thing. We should definitely meet up though, we could skype in lol
Oh, and... 10 days left.
If you make a tongue sticking out emoticon face with the colon and a "p", please refrain from communicating with me. Kindest regards.
hahaha-- semi erect = Broken Arrow
Hiring right employees can be like winning the lottery.Hard to know who will be a good fit til they’ve been working 4 awhile
Microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Yepp, but i was like "damn! Who dat? :D" haha. Gay thing is i won the talent show for a school i dont even go to =/
Now about Aquarena stuff--any plans to digitize? Seems perfect for a grant project; the history's so fascinating.
yep, about as subtle as a Mack truck (a.k.a. ).
. should do more morning shows.
Coming Soon
is it time to go yet
that's funny
"We apologize in advance!"
smart woman:)
RT : Are the BAFTA's on live tonight?? worth a view? or stick to sunday night on E Entertainment of the kardashians?!! LOL!
she's so different now :o
Love to hear more about what you are up to. Drop us a line?
Love...joy & mischief! RT: What's at your core?
I<U+2665>MYBestfriendEvaVillanueva:B
I love a woman with class...a lady.... but a freak in the bedroom....
Your twit pic is adorable!!
wonderful to reconnect with familiar friends & meet great new people at #TxLA12 today. like everything, librarian spirit is bigger in Texas!
If you aren't outside enjoying the weather in Fort Worth then you should be.
Thinking about the future today--equally exciting and daunting task.
*JUST ANNOUNCED* 7/9 at Bad Fish Bar: BETWEEN THE TREES w/ Mark Rose (Spitalfield). Local support TBA. $10 online / $12 day of show
you are the bomb
Wise people know & understand the difference between talking to someone & talking at someone!
Totally just passed a lady who looked like Kris Kardashian
The Grammy Awards are bullshit u know!!! They're just a group of old-bitter-men but Mtv awards… ppl gets to vote…………………………………………………!!!!!!!!!
Ravenclaw! What did you get?
Seconded RT : Happy birthday ! We going to Chuck E. Cheese?
My Life nd This Loud Got Me
working out is for pus# Retard strength is all I need. 3 days at the gym a week supplies me this...
How was Avengers y'all? Thinking this evening I may want to go see it...
It's hard to wait for something you know will never happen.
wanna come run the rock n roll with me in New Orleans?
you did, or what happened?
I said I believed you.. Damn
hey Adam.... You want to set this up....
Miss you guys and the wee one - hugs from us Capitalinas xoxo!
The self sings alone.
Your work is amazing.
This fly in my house <<<<<
Woke up thinking about you
omg im so sorry
I'm a music fanatic!
Burberry Prorsum Resort 2012 is brilliant. Really digging the Dutch wax prints. Gorgeous!
yup! Licking watermelons!!
#2012 is going to be a year of correction and order
hahahah that's great and in a band really?? Cool ;) my day was kinda boring hahahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Today is going to be excellent!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I know I missed some of the dialogue. And I saw at at midnight so my emotions were intense.
Susan Bennett speaking about the : "It made me realize how proud I was to be a journalist"
Hey, Valya, thanks for the RT! I appreciate your support.
amen, brother
Try teaching footnotes, to students who have just been taught parenthetical citations. Why do I do it?
thanks, Julie!!
That was stupid as hell you can't even compare the together RT : mafuckas said future better than meek mills.
No need fah twitter bumpin . . Just know ima throw dem hammers ! #Squad !
Thx for the mention.
Hadda good tweet but forgot it.. sorry niggas
sorry for your loss. Didn't know him but found him hilarious in the NASL documentary...
Beyond annoyed.
yeah, the packing is hard! I've been thiking about it but haven't started yet.. need to stop slacking.
Thanks the video helped
Fingers crossed..Here's hoping for a road through Baltimore..
Anyone have a goal suggestion to increase intelligibility in a 2 year old? Mom wants more specific goals Smh
Everyone is beautiful in their own way, your way just happens to be in the dark. :)
I dream of a Christmas season without all the ubiquitous Christmas songs. C'mon how many tmsXday can anybody listen to "White Christmas"&C ?
It must have gotten us confused.
You're in college, show some respect.
Pearl is making the leg she's kneading (mine) quickly resemble raw tenderized meat.
But how are YOU today.....why yes, it IS a pleasure to meet me ;)
I love Michael ha!
thanks for answering quickly ;) did you get food?
We have a mutual friend...HOLLY CHASE! Big fan brother!
True That!! I'm so on the verge of just dismissin the person cuz friend or not, church is my world just like music is urs!
I'd triple it..then slap her!
I'm reminded of how much theater and excitement Madonna brings. Fun half-time show!
Just realized that I put a Cyndi Lauper song in a playlist labeled "Modern."
2003 Nissan Altima S from North America - Comments
No one knows how much I fuckn love The Devil Wears Prada but my gf. I'm sad and pissed cause I missed them at the mall!! Ugh.... :(
Woot Woot Has joined the Family! He even found us on FB! Have u? There are a ton of great videos!
Ah gotcha. Cool cool. You still interested in getting things together with Nick and I?
working on a buffalo applique
hey Carlin heard you like to sing well hope your voice takes you some where
He may or may not be drunk/methed up/a simpleton.
So ima let Starship Troopers put me to sleep lol #bugs bwahaha
All I want for Christmas is a follow from
Watch Kentucky-Kansas final or write baseball stuff? Harder question than it should be.
Not looking so fresh in the pictures from last nights event with
I want a tattoo ....
Count us among the sane! RT : Thanks 4 the mention....
Silver Tongues is amongst my favorite films of the year
Havent been on twitter all day
You cant trust everybody...
I rather see Dylan O'Brien..
WAL-MART! F--K YEAH!
Hi guys
When/if u come to minnesota for tour u should go to the mall of America cuz then I actually have a chance of meeting u
When football-lingo isn't your primary frame of reference, "star receiver" sounds like quite a grandiose job title.
can't wait to go to sleep
Nothing like finding out your aunt scored you 2 bottles of Surly Smoke, 7 months after release!!
You're welcome :)
RT : If you thought day 1 of was great, wait till you catch Jamie Monberg's URL to IRL session at 9am....
im bout to tweet my ass off in a minute...i gotta go pee right quick
I mean !!! U need 1000 because I can't follow you !!!
Certainly understand!
WWDC jacket has no pockets to hide work blackberry at #cocoaconf ...
white chocolate on the top with vanilla in the middle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
just hit a milestone - 1,000 names arbitrated on the #1940census. yeah!
1 seat has opened for tonight's 5 course asparagus dinner with Diana Rowan and Daniel Berkman performing. Who wants it? :)
- He should do it right before the election in front of the American people on an issue that would benefit them.
Trying to find strippers at this strip mall...
A birdseye view huh? Nice guns U got there.
…and try remember that it’s winter. (As if it were yesterday.) And if on a winter’s night a traveller...
U want mi burtherlz
seriously man I feel for ya. Imagine being in a hospital having open heart and having us scouring for drugs after your case.
chilled with all my family (: & you ?
I know right. I feel really bad for those kids. They're prolly gonna have all kinds of psychological issues when they're older
I love My Baby
Hey Mr.Mahone!! Why arent u following me ? Huhh? Lol, Please follow me back <3
Cell phone catastrophe earlier this week. Need you to DM me your number. Will meet you at Dodge City.
Liked the #SNL intro bit about #OWS. Almost felt old school for a sec. "Dine out" indeed...
hey girl, awesome chatting with you today! Remember to burn that CD when you can! Love you! =) <3
Don't know why is that....
This is from an iPhone
My top 5 (I love old school BTW)... Metallica - Orion, Megadeth - Good Mourning, Tool - H, Helmet - Unsung, Anthrax - Only
lol, sucks man!
Love watching #NoReservations on travel channel.
It's a sad day when America makes war on its own citizens exercising their constitutional rights to protest.
My guy best friend is awesome!(: lol. You know who you are(:
this is sum fuckin bull shit
Thanks, Dave! Just so you know, you were with us day we celebrated...margaritas on our dock w/ #Rays on radio :)
Seriously... OK, I'm only halfway under the covers, now... :)
Please DM me your email address.----Answer is yes
Thanks!! You too!!
i appreciate it homie!
Yes , i do realize im probably not talkin to anyone bt it made me feel a little better ^_^.
It's GORGEOUS! You'll love it, when are you planning your vacation?
Old school!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 2002 Rodney Dangerfield received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
OH, :o Then I don't go to that school xD
#thatakwardmoment when everyone in the class turns to stare at you when the teachers starts talking about slavery because your black.
Kill Bill
Nature sighting: 11 baby quail scratching, with mama and daddy on high alert. They already know how to dash from cover to cover.
On the road
nun much. Chilling :-) #allure tonight?
Bill Maher Chris Matthews Ed Schultz ought to be locked up together, naked, in the tower of babel.
Have you all heard about ? Please follow them for updates on their very valuable programs.
There are some nice live miles 5 recordings from 1960 w/Coltrane-Kelly-Cobbs-Chambers.
*knee slap*
yes im a girl and i play Xbox, dont spend 5 million hours on my hair, and most of my friends are guys... dont judge me :)
Had a blast last night at Ri'chard's...thanks to everyone who came out!
Church w/ my best friend in the morning :)
Mighty Shock Performance, SD Magazine 30th Year Gala - at the Bali Hai Restaurant
walked into my parents watching the hangover
great times at XS last night w/ mf superstars!
Check out the free show on Sat. at Voinovich Park. Modern Electric Chris Allen Craig Ramsey Many more all day.
One day, but not holding my breath.
Watching Man vs. Wild getting mentally prepared for
no worries, I'll have others. :)
Is it raining in downtown L.A.? Threes! STILL alive
God bless Texas!
that's because you murmur speak louder!!
not a smoker any more, so I don't have a lighter on me usually.Have one on both keychains, but sometimes they're out of reach.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed is gonna get alot of people in trouble and alot of secrets revealed lol
OK, so SOMETIMES the lack of proofreading is a good thing: Message from "PayPal": "If you do not update the account will be Lemeted."
: Tweet your questions for Moshi Monsters CTO Toby Moore at Londata I tonight using
All the cool kids sit in Starbucks and work on sunday afternoon...
yes, but it's uber-nerdy
RT : Akin Gump named "Corporate Team of the Year" at the Legal Business Awards 2012...>>Congratulations !
She looks so good, somethin like a princess
Great idea! RT : What do you do when you have nothing to do until class starts? You give a tour of to a group of...
anyone wanna nice tweet from me? RT this and send #yay to me!
me:fat ass ; Nick delauder: stop i think i might go home and kill myself . godd tht boy is hilarious
I love it when I know something I'm not suppose to know.
Lets make a love song using our moans #sweetestsound i ever heard
So good to see you at the Chamber luncheon, Lee Ann!
Omfg... I now realize just how incomplete my life is. #carbonfiberishot btw, a friend is selling his F430 in case ur interested ;)
I just stacked a cutting board and a vase on top of this fool lol
Quick week! It's the weekend!!
Think money at all times & you'll always have it
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
These boys are really playing cod and I'm just sitting here all awkward lol
if we're on a Tego track "Los Mate" :)
Agreed, but the history of increased access to #highered has always been tied to economic opportunity.
i was skateboarding :o
I feel like going home and playing on for a while. Oh, and I still feel like Duck Fat fries too.
Harper ran faster than anyone ever has on that HR.
I also had a mealworm in 1 of my mom's homemade canned green beans. Bean fell off the fork, split apart, and TA-DA! Mealworm.
I'm saying yes. So please ask me!!
Looking out there at the kertoppled Big Dipper all upside down, pointing to North Star which is blurry behind the smog. I miss my farm.
my other teammates said it was harsh but.he cant use the computer excuse
Someone needs to tell the #Brewers pitching staff they aren't pitching batting practice.
Jeepers Creepers why is there no trilogy yet
well actually I don't have to wake up early. I just feel like being tired. Bye.
He is the Holy Spirit, who leads into all truth.
I'm headed to NYC in 2 weeks...are you going to be in town?! How's the new gig?
Half my heart is the part of a man who's never truly loved anything.
Coming soon to a print book near you: LE JAZZ HOT is going to PRINT! No date yet, but have the cover art!
I agree. I hate drama! Ya can't get on Facebook anymore without seeing it!
thanks for the follow ;)) I followed ya back!!
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Nor for the rest of us. Glad you decided to take to the razor. ;-)
#IThankGod for all of my talents, abilities, knowledge, opportunities, fans, friends, family, and salvation!
Thank you! I will try my best. :)
LMAO. "well roll me in butter and call me a flounder."
And also follow my co-worker he needs to get to 300
Our pleasure! Follow us back for fun coffee tid bits. Look forward to connecting with you!
& I Refuse To Tag & Mention Da Person Im In A Relationship Widd In Every Tweet Or Status I KNOW We Together , Lol I DNT Have Prove Nun
Finished my last paper and turned it in. I AM DONE!!! MLIS Complete!
be careful
Barenaked Ladies acoustic on VH1 morning buzz?? God I'm old.
& When I Asked He Said Now , Then I Ran !
Next week is bike to work week! Watch for our demo rack out & Look for more locations and more info starting Monday!
#PropBets #superbowl number of references to the enigmatic Steelers Nation
#YouKnowBritneysALegend when she's 30 yet still looks sexier and younger then your fav thats either 19 or 23...
Thank the lord
lol I can't wait till school is over
"next time you encounter a moth you're on your own"
I can't believe I'm havin an argument with my phone
Discussing world problems w the elderly.
At times this season, Spurs have allowed opposition a lot of offensive rebounds. Jazz have 8 tonight and lead 43-42 with 2:56 left in half.
Falling asleep to Aaliyah >>>>
just noticed a spot opened for the photography course I wanted to take -- score!
Not tonight, unfortunately - but will definitely see you at the next dinner, or at least at the May #SocEntDC #HH!
Co Founder Mary Brown of Team Umii just completed the Maui Marathon
like when I was singing You and I to you on the bus back from Coronado xD
I fell in love with music because I knew it wouldn't break my heart.
So much I can do with menu for photoshoot with #avantgarde concepts
G'night! I hope I don't die of nausea from the lack of sleep tmr.... I'm nvr procrastinating this much again. Last day of practice teaching!
My honey is bringing his mom to Nashville tomorrow. So much for our diets. It'll be cake, pie, cobbler, pie, cake...every day. But YUM.
TRIVIA THURS: In only 9 weeks after its release, this Weinstein Co. French film became the second most successful French film of all time.
Just saw a See you @ Alberts! commercial which immediately made me think of you running up to that guy at Showplace 16, haha!
they said they notify me in a couple weeks
Tell your followers #FF for the day is
good answer! Send food pics :)
smart idea! i have to do my graduation speech!
that was pretty hammer
is taking his AFTRA lunch break LOL!
So gla you find us "interestingly cool"! I'll DM you for a call.
good one!!
wont be here for that!
that justin bieber can rap and we will post our music on youtube soon (:
Thanks for modifying an improved version of the "We" thumbnail for 's twitter account.
not to Worrie I'm still not finished
Jeremiah Johnson. Went back and checked the replay...since there was time.
But you go to all the good places!
Today it's all about a dolla' oh! Wait! We do fat everyday! Silly rabbit!
Several of you are saying that geeks more accurately understand the actual terrible state of the world.
"Seattle's Best" = "Seattle's Average and Burnt" but it does the trick
ayee, cuz I wear leggings! Shit be looking nice on me.. real niggas can agree!
Just posting that picture with '70s filter made me feel way less pathetic about my night! Thanks, Instagram!
Customer panel: Lisa from – we changed our comp plan to more accurately reflect rep comp, which our sales team loves
Is Bud Selig going to start fining teams when they win against other teams? Because those losers probably got their feelings hurt too.
Happy New Year from Young Rembrandts, Greater Cleveland - West
Many an opportunity is lost because one is out looking for four-leaf clovers.
I like this! It fueled something just now! Thank you!
Work done under compulsion is slave work.. A truly wealthy person has no need for such things.
God is always so faithful!
I'm sure i'll still run into some people though
I'm from #Indiana, Richard Lugar was a great senator...sad to see that we've instead nominated a crazy tea bagger...hope a dem can beat him
Marketing research is going to kill me
Started reading The Hunger Games last night. Finished it. Yes, it's that good. Can't wait to read the next one!
Jody Inglis, AMC's Washington DC Chapter Chair is doing a great job getting people outdoors. We met today to discuss their wonderful work.
If this was Miami they would have got that
Alli.. Has...laurens....eyes...holy...efiin...shizzle... Please be a song lyric!!! /;
I hear my cat purring but I can't see her..
And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil:
You're welcome. :)
waking up & going to sleep next to who you with has to be the best feeling
Some of these females being looking a H.A.M. HOT ASS MESS!!!!!
You can and you will
Congratulations to last week’s mascot winners! Remember to vote for your favorite mascot each week at www.CapitalOneBowl.com.
they been Skynet my brother it's just a matter of time when the takeover hits....
I heard someone say Texas, omg I cried.
ha! man, i hope not! that would ruin all my street cred!
I feel like I've seen way worse on here than what you tweet.
Wow! I receive that! Sir this tweet just raised my soul and spirit!!!!!
lately when I get heart burn i feel it in my shoulder too. That's not normal...right?
it's star wars day!
Hate feeling this way! My eye opener. :(
how'd you know we had a wing?!??!! Psychic!!
Being of the previous generation....I'd say...yes.
NOT impressed with from after on affordable housing. Can’t find cred info on why she is a reputable resource!
You can do that? That would be cool.
dear radiohead, i hope your drum machine breaks.
I don't really care what you think, the voices in my head tell me they like me this way!!!
My baby having his first job >>>> I'm proud of his cuteass :)
Sakura! Perfect / weather in Seattle for / three days in a row
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!
Who in Vegas ??? I got dro online
Purchase tix to see 4x Grammy Nominee Little Big Town -- www.childrencoloradofoundation.org
elway may be inexperienced but as a bronco fan i think the interview process was thorough, just different than the nfl norm
Just landed a role in Knights of Glory, filming this month in Baton Rouge!
Tonight in 1991 the #Twins won the #WorldSeries over the #Braves after beating them 1-0 in 10 innings in Game 7.
Heading to Waianae Harbor to go swimming with dolphins! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>
People would not ask you to pray if they really didn’t need prayer!!!
Love Discovery Channel's new show "Curiosity." It is a wonderful program! At last a fact based cable show that feeds my brain.
C'mon Kansas City, Kansas City make my day!
There are times where I wonder if you think you might be better off with someone else.. But them I remember what you told me..
that's good shit. 2nd is legit. I'm looking into my first powerlifting show in September and I'm scared as shit for some reason.
Watching Star Trek: First Contact with Viggle Tue | 5:30 | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
CST helps promote empathy, produce results and achieve greater satisfaction through more effective and strategic
So I know never uses this shit but WOO! Party time
Kimberly and Beck's SINGLES MINGLE SUMMER KICKOFF!!! Save the date: June 9th, Nola's BBQ!!!!
Signing off...drops mic
I was exhibits coordinator & a visual collections archivist before that. I love IHSs photo collection. Are you in exhibits?
:-) follow me please
Just saw that it's Word, not Excel. Try Control-clicking on date and see if your Mac date format is correct.
Hi jordan follow me back pls :)
LETTING GO
thanks! I'm actually updating my linked in as I wrote this
He is not currently on an NFL roster. He's a free agent. If he did sign somewhere, then he would win.
31k Project will only be here until Sunday, come see it while you still can!
Note to #Steelers fans: the bogus penalties aren't just called against us
. says that homeowners across TX are seeing insurance rates rise while coverage goes down
What are some simple steps you take each day to support your local Economy? From buying food from your local Farmers Market or buying your …
Do it!
Is having a blast at the tech rehearsals for "The Producers"
Yess :) ..SECs is there RT im wit it, i dont sleep either...u gonna see ur bff?
It's a crisp 68 degrees out here at HQ; perfect for Christmas season and holiday music...underwater of course.
how about pete mackanin or is he to laid back
Catching z's 4 the last day of ces, I'm at the lg booth, managing staff, great show!
Cone or dish not enough? You need a pint or a quart of your favorite flavor! That way you can enjoy Sebastian Joe's whenever you want!
Thanks for the follow! Would you like to build mobile app for your service?
Wow, haven't thought of that one in 20+ yrs. I remember it being like Police Academy w/ cowboys. I look forward to yr review.
The killer in me is the killer in you
UX peeps, if u don't allow for short-term overrides of parental controls, u undermine the whole concept of parental controls.
The San Diego Reader did an article/interview with us! Pick up a copy if you are in SD!
I hope I can!
YOU'RE awesome.
thanks to for following our tweets
I agree Don...I'd really like to see Thabeet get some run in 2nd half.
Silent thought is, after all, the mightiest agent in human affairs. ~ William Ellery Channing
even watching, yawn.
Hi Ben, was hoping to connect w/ you and Brian directly. Is there an e-mail that I can best reach you at? Thanks!
I half expect to see Andy Rooney asking, "Did'ja every wonder what it's like to be DEAD?"
Here Kitty!
Laughed so hard in the lucky one... never seeing a movie with hope & lea again!! hahhaha
u dont even go out anymore
Aha , he dont never be doing anything(:
Don't letThe #Holiday's phase your sexy with this amazing #workout! RT : SAN DIEGO: Halloween 10 Class SALE conta.cc/ozSBPx
no he ain't!
I prob went to high school with him
Who shoots competition?
needs a naughty girl get at me if that be u ~_~
i want a tattoo like the one you have of the palm trees outlined in the box. where can i find an up close pic of it!?
POLL: what do you think of our new slogan?: "Copy.com: we've saved more asses than a donkey rescue farm."
Styling and profiling :)
Watching with the granny on
on my way back to the south burbs now. Was at McDonalds annual charity gala.
I'm not sure if I should be happy or jealous... while we figure that out I hope you have a blast. See you when ya get back!
I couldn't tell...
#Seattle #SuperSonics, aka , are damn good this year (9-2). Still highly bugged Schultz, $SBUX, sold to snake Clay Bennett!
Headed to West Town :)
I do what i can
ha. I was thinking you were into Elmer's or something. :) you a pilot?
Cocaine dealers are always sticking their business in other people's noses.
Wow chrus is 23 now. I love that man
"This sure enough's a bizarre sight in the middle of this shit."
It's great they have such a diverse musical selection! I'm adding these picks to our list.
I'm really craving some bw3s
Oral history, interviews and videos part of the process; these resources also fed into Reiff's UCLA class
goes google
My Phone Is Broke_
i wont go to a bucks game.
Emergency trips to the vet are never fun. I'm relieved my doggie soul mate will be fine, but the meds are $$$, which sort of sucks.
you're both gonna shame me into doing this...
Very nice! RT : Right here! Freelancing, ghostwriting and working on my next literary project!
So...Romeo and Juliet. In the movie, I've just now realized that they play Prince's When Doves Cry. Where the fuck have I been?!
Coming home to Baltimore where we harbor our dreams...
YEAH THAT'S MAKES UP FOR EVERYTHING LOL
Sixers!!!! A win is a win is a win!!
Jaws first time seeing it in theaters. Only wish Jurassic park wasn't in pasadena.
Clippers can't be serious.
Thanks so much for the #FF! :)
RT : Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.~ Sally Koch
RT : #Aquarius like to approach life like a scientist and in an objective manner. This is why it is not easy to come close them.
RT : Tonight 7PM ET on : 21 Jump Street's in studio! Plus, the best app for this St Paddy's Day pub-crawl !
Lovin' the beautiful weather in CLE this week!
I really like your pants.!
Lady, Nymeria, Grey Wind, Summer, Shaggydog and Ghost
me too girl
Hey I Heard You Like The Wild Ones ;)
great day to be a DUCK bro!!
Why do women wear so much make - up now days i like you
Diablo I announced on 15 may! Hell yeah. :)
July 4, 1776: the day that we <U+FFFD>unfollowed<U+FFFD> King George
let's do it. next week good?
more apt hunting in the mission
I have been officially "diagnosed" by UNC Chapel Hill
Thanks for the write up! Much appreciated!
haha! :) Why oh why doesn't the Confectional deliver? sigh.
I don't know what to do.
no longer following people who dont follow back> :P
Baseball: Danny Perman scores off wild pitch to give Canby 1-0 lead over Clackamas heading into the 4th.
Nice to meet a fellow storyteller ! I look forward to many writerly "conversations"!
Congrats to Todd on 24 years of service. Amazing!!
Fuck off #fuck #off #fuckoff. Yepp, I think that about covers it
Why does Birthday Cake play so much on the radio? Like there are other songs in the world
I'm great what about you??
all she did was hug me..
Saw #contagion last night. If you like #apocalypse stories you won't mind it. But it was a bit heavy on the cliches.
keep up the good work. Sounds like your stock is on the rise.
Yes! Bagels for sounds delish!
Finally, a day to myself! Gonna get ready so I can catch the bus. To The Bronx! :)
Just the thought of eating ruins my digestive system for the morning.
+1 RT : The best form of contraception? Think of Rush Limbaugh.
It's too quiet in here for this to be Harlan.
Sourcing supplies today for our big #stopmotion production! First to Home Depot then then Forever 21!
Not believing in yourself should be a sin. Compliments of Leemire again.
No frickin' way there is a photo in the world as cute as that one!
on my neck but I'll b good if u in union I would like for u to link up wit my brother he's nice also
Ok. So 1 too many ppl have pissed me off on the road today.
My teacher is always talking to her imaginary friend named "class."
Great morning Friday ! Be great , stay classy and....laugh your arses off my friends
You GOTTA try it!!!
grew up on a commune with a ghost called "the captain".
The Gov. 2.5 Most Energy and Courage Award goes to Ted Nguyen
She on that shit, huh RT : I wasn't even done talking to Darcia and she hung up the phone on me. ??
apparently u never seen Bruce Leroy then lol
Of course. Email me at my twitter name at gmail and I'll get back to you.
To the world, you may be one person; but to one person, you may be the world
Hey. Thanks for the well wishes...it was an amazing day. I learned a lot & the students were inspiring.
Good night... Body still sore from my workout...
auto correct
im so exausted..
Yay no school tomorrow or Monday but I actually want to go just to see my friends
Im dying to see in concert!!!! Love him. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
a very helpful lady @ your call center sorted my problem out. Thank you! It took me too long to get through though. (US)
I'm sure ... Heading down now and will be around thru Tues.
Watching The Voice love love this show.
thanks. I feel it makes a statement of sorts. That statement is "DON'T YOU FUCKING LOOK AT ME!!!"
none today! Lol!!!
Woo Hoo!!! :) RT I watched your videos in youtube, now you've got a fan from Spain ;)
It's been a good weekend for movies! Saw The Artist and Pariah and both were fantastic! Go check them out!
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." (NV Peale) I have to get to work. Have a great day everyone.
I'm following ur every move
I just emptied my Deleted items with 4821 emails. WTH. Who needs that much communication?
Relegated?! More like promoted to Italy, dude... haha, excellent use of the term tho RT lamo got relegated to Italy
Another Sunny day with 80 degree weather
right now :3 we'll go get you ;p
Heaven on 1 block of the UWS: from a class at directly to dinner at Om-yum.
Im tryna do something tonight
Put on MBDTF and my roommates had no idea what it was. What the fuck. Seriously. What the fuck.
The weather is terrible for #earthday2012, but more quality time to reflect + debrief on an awesome weekend
Traditionally, April 15th is Tax Day, but this year you have two extra days. Like if you already filed.
That's why I hate Words With Friends, and Scramble With Friends. But I still play, hoping to one day be victorious
- Hey, anyone know which address for 3rd ward is it? 195 Morgan Ave or 573 Metropolitan?
I eat my dessert before my dinner.
Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good. - Lao Tzu
what's up bruh no text back
I think I've found a new fave restaurant to add to my list.
Thanks Hope all is well
Robot just knocked over my Coke :(
can't go with you on that one. I collect electronically
Will I be popular if I do?
not everyone is a media whore
I do......airana plzzz follow me..this is like my 9th time tryna get u to follow me..PLZ
He is well! Sittin right here with me on the couch watching Jay Leno:)
where u at gal! I know you aren't sleeping! lol!
What does compensatory mean? I do mean compelling or to compete for example in a competition
My boys are pretty stoked that we are front row for the show tonight.
A 35 year study showed that 86% of workers with disabilities were average or above in attendance, performance, and safety.
Think I need to call it a nite too. Chased a lot of squirrels today. *Yawn* Great #petchat tonight! Thanks !
Shouts go out to theis #LYRICAL #ASSINS Bars Fully Loaded
is hot.
I should never be allowed to be home alone with a computer and a credit card. Never.
and wat we bout to do
I'm Pretty Sure I Fell In Love With Right Now #JustSaying lol
yeah I'll warm you up(; and I know they were good
i think thats called being considerate?
#11:11 I am living in Heaven.
HAVE A GREAT DAY YOU STUPID FUCK
Could I plz filter my facebook feed like this >Recent>Photos>Tattoos. Yes, I wanna see how the dragon/eagle/skeleton/cliche is coming along
What. A. Day. Thank you for your help ...and thank you for your amazing music #allbetter (:
Unfortunately, we never got to visit Los Pollos Hermanos during visit to Albuquerque. #breaking bad
May the 4th be with you!
great version
woah never had so many RTs....
Thanks for organizing it" Props to for providing equipment for 's #MLKDay cleanup in Grantville."
think everyone in the UK is excited?!lol
how did everything go?
I was thinking about it... Have you been to yet? It's such a great space!
I've a hard time imagining that any single person adds $8.7m in value to an organization to justify that size compensation.
Just saw a guy at the tigers game wearing an orange and navy cmu sweatshirt. Cool!!!
sorry to here that....what's going on?? Is it bad weather there?
mehhhh I miss you too ):
assuming they sign one or the other...who plays SS? #RedSox revolving door
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." Vincent Van Gogh
Where should San Francisco's pesthouse be erected? I would not want to have a lazar-house on my block. I suggest Oakland.
Something tells me created the #aea playlist that plays during the breaks.
that is a bummer, but plenty more to come this year, including 2 chances to potentially see Donovan and Beckham
Got to hand it too Senator McCain being truthful,refuting "Enhanced interrogation techniques, putting himself at odds with Repubs.
Are you in South Africa or the states??
The working man loves talking about how he's a working man.
Finally dawns on me. It's not about managing software or troubleshooting extensions. It's about managing client EXPECTATIONS!
4/20 U all ready know what it izz !
thanks David hope u r well
bout to go on a run n of course i manage to get icy hot on the spot where it burns the most
Hey should come to school.
WTF? u only gone live tonight. lmao
The Teddy Stoddard Story: www.knowledgesafari.com Have you heard this inspiring story? Click Blog!
UV cake vodka tastes like cupcakes and low self-esteem
You almost had a great game Kobe. Almost...
So honored to be performing with Dr. Ron McCurdy and the Langston Hughes Project on February 29th at Purdue University!!!
my love is your love and your love is my love
Thanks! And thanks for the follow too :)
dang! I was a block away, I should have stopped by at that party lol sounds fun.
#pssst #ohmy director of photography on Inception and other Chris Nolan films is on twitter!
I would just swallow bacon right now. Down the hatch! Who cares if I can't chew it! BACON!
I got a freakin temper problem...I be needin to chill...bt man one of them john wood girls tried to take me out early in the 1st half
NOW we're getting to the heart of the matter... War on Drugs = bumper crop of cheap prison labor = Slaves, (redacted)!
Glad you found some! I looked everywhere for a comfortable pair that fit well and finally found them at Zara
I dont want to drive you there
Heading out to participate in the EDUCAUSE Southeast Regional Conference in Charlotte. Come see me Thurs. @ 3:30 pm
I know, I just like the idea of stealing it from you!!:)
goin to see #TBRays at clw airport. hell yeah.
chris brown in the right by my side music video. oh my god. your sexy af.
one day!
Today is opening day :)
#schoolmemories always revving my engine at other kids in the parking lot
I need a boy toy....
You are indeed very lucky haha, have a safe trip!!
Thanks for spreading the Aloha!
absolutely AMAZING show last night! Wow, just wow.
tomorrows friday!
Must be my edumalocation RT : hence they are called by different names! good job!
well ur house full.ah stuff so wa u expect
Feel like scratching someones back up. I mean that in the nicest of ways ways ;). VICTORIOUS !
Look at the details and contact me if you want to join.
Will the WR3 behind H. Ward have any fantasy value this year?
confusion... Why a period?
RT : Most Zipcars will fit your bicycle with the rear seats folded down.
Do you want me to send it to facebook or twitter??
Yes! If I can resist eating it before class!
Worked with a friend who is a math ed prof and helped get his students tweeting. He required it. Got them hooked, I think.
....all bad...and u wonder why u wake up angry and wasted with bull shit ass niggas. Lol ;-)
I should have worded it better. What you're saying is basically what I was trying to say. We're not a complete wreck.
Go on and take it. Take it all with you. Don't look back at this crumbling fool. Just take it all with my love.
Stunning performances by Spencer Tracy (Clarence Darrow) and Fredric March (WJ Bryan) plus lots of familiar character actors
Great tips/tools for those studying for the #PHR? Would love to read them! Thanks!
I have a headache , anyone have sone Tylenol ? Just laying here hoping for this to go away. Damn
Chris Rene is my favorite with Stacy Francis on
Because they've been torturing me since 1974 ... All they need is a Stanley Cup and I'll be quiet.
just got on Twitter and heard about the fire. OMG! So sorry about all you lost. Glad to hear no one got hurt! Prayers for you
minimizing my potential losses and hoping to get out with something asap.
can you believe it - DC 3 winning number tonight was triple zeros! 000 a bunch of people WON
they did win? Ok thanks
president of adelanto teachers union pretends to not understand that the parents union is using charter as leverage.
New York City audition for TV pilot and then doing commercial... Taking a bite out of the Big Apple today!
So great to see you, ! We, at , are having a great show at
How to advertise with ProjectMag?
Ah fuck. :( i cant let this get to me.
I've done a lot of trash talking against Philly, but good series fellas. You faced a monster from New Jersey. Let's keep it rolling #Devils!
Visit Traveler outside of Gate 11
how bout RT Don Larsen, who threw a perfect game in the 1956 World Series, is on Power Alley right now
thanks for the follow back love! :)
thanks for doing your part guys! <3
Interesting battle coming up
thanks! It gets better, stay tuned. ;) /
#FF who published a poem by our Assistant Managing Editor in Fall 2010 and by our previous Fiction Editor in Spring 2011.
Ah, wtf I had a HUGE typo in my first tweet -_-
amusing how all the people who wanted to trade soriano all offseason now singing dif tune after he hits a few dingers in spring training
oohhh cobalt! - strong colors are so awesome!
Any ideas for my tumblr url ??
it's the T-Virus...
I'm sorry I can't make everybody happy, but the only person I strive to make happy is myself.
Whaddup?!? Thanks for being here!
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 4935
You will wake up to reality when you graduate lol smh youngins
#WorstTimesToGetABoner at a funeral.
Okay! I'm Too excited! I meant Best Dressed is
3 day passes sold out already.... really?????
Work out time.
I got a bottle of wine, a bag of chips, a bag of candy and sum altoids at cvs for $8.95
Where's the BBQ?
Wow! I hope you don't have a worse travel story than this. It sounds like it's been horrible.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 15
Meh. GM of the Year Award*
yep a i have never copy one person tweet :)
If you are going to do something in politics do something controversial there is no place for timidity in politics - Cicero
#bitchyHOTDOGS #backABS #hotdogBACKPACK all words to describe #xtina in that train wreck of a dress! #TRENDIT!
If you have renters insurance, you can add your phone to your policy instead of AT&T. I can tell you more if you're interested.
Aw! I wish I could've gone out with my big! But don't worry, I'll be here this summer! We'll have plenty of big/little time!!
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Whenever I look at the weather outlook my brain always does it in Harris Telemacher's (Steve Martin) voice from L.A Story.
I'm a witty mother effer in writing; in person, not so much. Stupid staircase wit...
And addictive RT : Ambition is attractive
If someone is placed into a regular class with an aide, should they not be held to the same rules and expectations as everyone else? -shrug-
“: Home alone fuck a McCauley culkin” that's the best time, when you're home alone
2012 Tax Season. Follow us on facebook facebook.com/frankmartinezpa for continued updates. Offices Miami and Orlando Tax/Accounting/Notary
my favorite night is Thursday.. With :-)
Lmfao I love this ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
10 minutes left with Jim Lehrer at #INConversation. I could sit here all night. Too bad he's the headliner for tonight!
get silly with it ;D
We will be closed Thanksgiving Day. Sales and service will resume normal hours on Friday. What is your favorite Thanksgiving side dish?
what do you get?
smh makes all the sense in the world
Apologies for my snarky tweet earlier, totally user error.
This bitch that just walked in class is a coke head. No doubt bout it
I love afra.
for your interest there is a special symbalooedu. Love to get your feed back!
Its in the app store. I have had it for months.
. The only person who asserted independence today was from the Romney campaign.
hahah if they unfollowed you because of that then they obviously do not know whats sexy.
Hm... School :p
I will take the good with the bad.
Wow. 12% of Mississippi and 14% of Alabama likely GOP voters think the POTUS is a Christian. Which he is. That is seriously alarming.
thanks, please follow me back and Like my music page! on.fb.me/qlwZTB
h and n are effectively unnecessary if h = 1; we know nothing about f, so c would be 0 if f is (and only if)
San Diego!!
": Play of the Game: Bo's T"....turned it around for sure.
my middle name is Antonio. Wonder if that counts? However, I saw both versions of it, and won't be camping out that day.
Even if I get the error the first time I try to delete it?
great reading program!!
On the real
Don't watch a lot of NBA but that is just how I feel!
Why burger king jockin micky d's swagger?
Oh i know he did that was a very sad scene :(
I miss you! And that sounds perfect
Blood stains.
Cold & Snowy nite in the Derby City !! Now if I could only find a Snuggle Bunnie hm !!!
Realization of nothing lasts forever.
Might name my kid 'Lorne' with the hope he/she has even 1/10 the success of his namesake.
As of 11:30am, there are just 42 tickets left for tonights Guitars & Stars concert. Get them while they last at !!!
click the link then push play..
thanks for the RT, Tina!
thank you my love
trust me ive tried!
sucked, the usual.
question....what is dry soda?
Thanks for the follow. Be sure to check out my blog, which will soon fill with reviews and recipes. Happy Friday!
TRAFFIC - Interstate crash/delays are clear - Previous crash NBI39/WBI90 @ Stoughton Exit
in all seriousness- does Roenicke know Aoki is left handed?
Spring has sprung! Happy first day of spring!
Wow, David Letterman grilled Herman Cain.
So, when do they play?
you people are so abrupt . So rudr *angry face ! Suaalll "
We're definitely in the minority but I'm with ya. RT I actually like the UMD uniforms.
Brazil Tourist Board set to select new EBT agency by June
I will become the very best manga artist!!!!
Who does Grambo think the Chiefs will go with in the draft?
hunger games pg13 tamagotchi audio version
haha nigah when you back in the studio...
wow. I love watching things fall apart. It's like a fucking train wreck sometimes.
is just about done with a damn fine looking EPK. I'll show you mine, if you show me yours...
You won't be loved by everyone and you certainly won't be respected by everyone..
...continuing last tweet,
Yep. It's now the "Writing Tab," it's like a bar tab w/out the hangover.
wat sources? is there any proof you can offer us?
Comment of day: is startn to look like Jesus with no haircut!
Boston? Portland? Pittsburgh? DC? Noho? NYC?
I can remember being wasted, 1 row up from the warm up circle screaming "GEORGE, GEORGE!!!" he wasn't too pleased.
right?! We are so blessed! Soaked up the rays today on various walks :)
Stevie Wonder is beast!!! Amazing piano player and singer he rodent let being blind get in his way he is amazing!!! :) <3
Today starts Cupcakes 4 a Cause Week. Come in for delicious cupcakes-funds benefit CancerCare 4 Kids. $3 got2b coupon while they last.
Robin Williams hoping to become the next Joker?
toured an island and almost hit a deer that ran in front of us & saw where the clothing optional beaches are. We did not partake.
I can't wait to see you this summer in Cincinnati!!! I love you Cody :)
High as a kite, flying so high..
HA. How funny!
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.
isn't that place the best? Zero ambiance, but a 10 on taste
I'm back in Des Moines. I traveled 12 hours yesterday. It was a long day. Had a fabulous time at the beach house!
Wasn't it always? :)
maybe show them the transcript of the #lrnchat #designjam we had last week :-)
This weekend I'm partying like neva b4...Working 12days without a day off
Fabulous dinner in #EggHarbor, #DoorCounty last weekend.
What #content on a #lawyers website will make you click them vs others when viewing search results?
nah. i run shutup.css on most sites so i dont see comments.
Any tips, tricks, or advice for producing high-quality recordings at a low price??
Magic- on getting #Beckham to re-sign for TWO years. I still can't stand #BruceArena, but Becks and
I love my iEverything and I love Apple, but geesh! Can they stop with all the repetitive commercials? Esp. annoying Zooey Desoemthing.
S/O Doing big thangs! Don't sleep on this team of allstars...RT
Listening to Effington on our way through Effingham, IL.
Problem Child (:
Fun queston! When did Cyber Monday start?
You think your voice is normal until you hear a recording.
there's going to be a sequel to "Twins" called "Triplets" with eddie murphy? really?
The 2010 Winter Olympics opening cermony is amazing!
best post ever.
BOOM!!! Duff Fricking Mckagen may have just locked up a CCA for Best Jungle debut. What a positive cat.
A vintage high waste skirt with a funky color top “: What is your signature Dj fashion style?”
I could clean my room. Or I could pretend I'm still 9 and imagine the dirty laundry is protecting me from the lava on the floor.
A busy day ahead for me!!
Becca graduates from on Sunday. Congratulations #Iowa graduates, high school, college, elementary and pre-k!
That is the most lawyerly way possible to say you couldn't possibly care less.
congrats to twitter peeps on their MLA awards!
Sad face indeed. I, too, have 4 finals and a papel!
Thank you! We are working hard to expand the community, we really appreciate your support and help in getting the word out!
My valentine is the sweetest! deserves a apple!
Kalantzis on NewLondon: we were never interested in technology, never interested in machines; we were interested in meaning making
I like honey bunz
Now everybody on Chief Keef dick? O
no, I am awesomo...
Would you like to win a gift certificate from us?
really, cfb post season already have a selection committee; they vote every week
Yay the next episode of 1girl5gays is a all nude panel!!! ;)
haha ok black de...I mean Evan;) ;p lol
Dr. Lupo was in Redbook, the January 2012 issue on the topic "Don't let winter make your skin look old". Get your copy and read up, now!
follow us today!!
I've listened to my playlist too many times that I skip most of the songs
Conquered two fears today: tarantulas & diving head first in the water from 20+ feet up. Erasing a fear feels more cleansing than I expected
Good Morning peeps! I talk weight loss and fashion with www.discoversd.com. Check it out!
1&2 no outs. Kemp on deck, 2nd place hitter up, Mattingly bunts down 2-1, effectively taking the bat out of Kemps hands
RT : If uk can offer choice of electricity n water over a single national network, why can't u do telecoms the same?
Some people prepare for an upcoming storm. Others keep people from believing the weather reports. Everyone will get wet either way.
Do you know what would make this better? . . . Butter.
#iLoveWhenYou tell me im beautiful everyday
NJ, NY trip has come to an end. Had a great OG launch Thurs and Sat. We'll be back in a month.
My door is gay...
good luck!! What's the gig? Career change? We're doing well. Reading scripts! Thanks for checking in!
Can't stop listening to cd! LOVE him((:
.#ClearChannel owned By #
Lol she said gone beef it ip move tramp its the 15 I got my food stamps...
how could you tell if it's butterflies or indigestion?
Me and my friend were flipping we were so excited …we're trying to get autographs ahahahha
Yu may not make it out of the 1st
yes, it was the blood orange cocktail. Could you please remind me of what else was in it?
“: "Are you as bored as I am?" Read that backwards, and it still makes sense.” *boredom now eradicated.....wow*
the EADitor google code project gets as many hits from India as the US, i think because outsourced coders find snippets in google.
followed me! Love ya dawg
what do you call a fish with no eye?
I'll need both the Why & Why Not of your proposal. Please note "that's how we've always done it" does not qualify for either.
Hot people...
"The Data Model Resource Book, Vol. 3" by is currently the top #dw book on Amazon not co-authored by
dear wisdom teeth STOP HURTING ME!
This is not letting me consentrate in school /:
Luckily, there is so much to do in Baltimore, I don't feel a post-vacation slump.
Driving down the street, and some kid blows a stop sign and almost hits me. How do these people get drivers licenses?
sierra nevada and dogfishhead, life and limb, birch and maple syrup, holy and moly!
Hung Over To tha Fuckin Max :(
I'm definitely a runner. I run from everything but I'm trying.
Thanks for the #FF love, !
While the prestige of the league took a hit, it'll be fine.
You know it! Just bought my MLB.tv subscription so I can follow along this season :)
6 am power lifting followed by Thornton then class then practice.. Man this is catching up to me
Rise and grind!!
Boyle's softball field >>> everybody's in the area !
Still time to #BeThere to celebrate mom! Happy Mother's Day!
Don't be afraid of show to others the way you are...
Warm but windy as fuck
I love Klotter!
I ain't scared
read the previous tweet...I'm only jk.
JESUS IS THE ANSWER!
Someone tell my computer to stop crashing.
Super excited to be launching tomorrow at #demo2012! Hooooo ha!!
Really enjoy the final episode of #thefinder but how are you gonna end it like that!? Come on Fox you have to bring the show back!!
you have lots of girl crushes...
i know pretty bad that you had to do that but thanks anyway im ok
At chick fil a! Winning! Lol.
Hey, I was No. 2 at #THTH location and family before me shared the loot with me, even though they didn't have to
more like how messy your roommate is... #sorryboutit :/
Bottling a couple barrels of Syrah today.
You need to care, man--you really do.
I finally read that Nikola Tesla piece everyone's been posting. I'm not crying, dammit.
JOB: Smith is most proud of making the site geographically functional.
RT : Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. & just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
When am I gonna see you guys?
miss yew boo boo. <3
Someone give me something good about being stuck in traffic because I'm coming up with nothing...
Does the NAACP #ImageAwards have a Best Educator in a Socially/Economically Challenged School/Community category? Best Community Activist?
look daddy i can fly....what your child would say when you have one. ;)
I'm def way cooler online
How about or ?
Hopefully i'll be able to clearly hear again.
Well, he is YOUR dog.
I sure hope we don't play this lazy ass type of game all series
Just because i moved on doesnt mean i wont be here when you change your mind..
Glad my niggas are around to look out for me.
You've got that one thing...
good morning angelica, happy thursday to you
I'm craving a Kraby patty
Don't wanna go back to school tomorrow #blah going to bed ! Nite twitter =)
what was that redbox comment in response to? I could make a joke here but i won't! See I can be nice :~)
What a great day working on new products and loving the outcomes! More #bras style coming soon.
morning Sarah! How've you been?
We haven't done much twitpiccing. We're processing and uploading photos now. Check www.ict2dc.com in abt 1hr for pix.
Just an FYI that is out foraging this week in Cancun, so you might not hear from her until the weekend.
Having #Nostalgia watching The Lizzie McGuire movie! :D tweet me xoxo
u can't just tweet to some bitch with an English degree. I paid 90k to light that bitxh on fire!
Hour ONE of the write-a-thon for 49 Writers. One cup of coffee down. 50 pages of revision and a magical ending to come.
This dude is on the UP and UP.
God bless Emma Stone.
Have you seen The General? Another terrific one for him.
I'm in a mood 4 tacos :P
love ur blog in general but oversimplfied to lump as together as outraged. Perils of trying to be serious on twitter!
Thanks for taking pizza seriously. RT : thanks for the RT!
Just wanna watch marvel movies all day
When spend our day decimating and trash talking political opponents, we ignore scores of children who are being sexually abused.
I wonder if my painting student tonight would see the humor if I showed up with a big pad of newsprint and some fingerpaints?
Lead actor Gene Pietragallo to be honored in #Pittsburgh 11/10/11 10am City Council proclaiming "Tony Duran Day"
Streaming the town hall in just a few minutes! stay tuned for a link... (via )
I have enjoyed pussy like a fat kid at an ice cream shop....
That was supposed to be www.newyorktimes.com i cant spell to save my life.
The differnce betwen a succesful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowldge, but rather a lack of will. - Lombardi
ha ha full of yourself much? :)
who knows where I can go to sell old electronics?
happy 4th of july weekend to everyone!!!`
Looking for a all in one solution for leads? Contact us now for more details! 866.460.6611
CT/NYC haha It was just a day trip to Atlantic City
Get your friends together and take a party cruise to the Caribbean or Mexico for the time of your life. Prices slashed! www.FreeXpedia.com
Paying my senior dues tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
And we're back. Thanks for thanking
Thanks for recommending us, we had a great show! We're singing at the next Thursday - facebook.com/capitalhearings
In the past day, the word "hate" has been tweeted 145K times, but the word "love" has been tweeted 628K times.
This is only my second game, so I'll keep my smart ass mouth closed. =/
Put me down as a yes I did.
thanks for that
why am i singing rampin shop in my head? who put that filth there!
#BecauseOfNicki I have this moment for life :-D
thank you, appreciate it for sure sir! But just the beginning to bigger things to come...
Thank you to all of the Veteran's past, present, and future for your service, bravery, and love for our country. Happy Veteran's Day!
THAT MADE MY DAY LOL.
Work topic of the day: cock rings :)
You forgot to hash tag #justkidding RT : My hair has officially become unmanageable... But this pony tail is going to be worth it!
I did it. I finally broke down and created a baby animal board on Don't hate.
One more minute for Halo Reach. I've been listening to nerd conversations this whole time..
Royce getn on my damn nerves cry to much
100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
Luna bars are great to snack on! Less than 200 cals, low glycemic index, 70% organic and around 12-11g of sugar depending on the flavor.
I think I have a secret crush on now!! All b/c of the interview! Of course knows how to interview!
You feel this is a smart move?
Haha...thanks bro!...others would disagree...lol
Making some more white edelflower sangria. Super refreshing for hot summer days.
yayyyyyyy can't wait!!!
#AnyoneButTheHeat I'm going for whoever comes out of the west. Except the Lakers. Hate them too.
#Austin Nothing to Ask?
Eric daze and Dennis savard
Togo cups @ the bar. I love
and need to get a job at the zoo
sniffling for a few months has officially begun, yay!
Feeling contained....time to get out
I vow to love you, and no matter what challenges might carry us apart, we will always find a way back to each other.
its best if we dont talk for a couple of days......i feel like im to up in your buisness and you need your time alone :'/
FYI RT : Education is a $1.8 billion market, #NSVFSummit pitch session -
Hhahaha! I'm trying to step up my game over here!!!
Feeling like a rebel: left the faculty meeting half an hour early. But now I'm at the dentist, so I suppose I still lose.
Congrats to on her election as President #ALA. New York is very proud
LucasFilm grosses 9.5 billion dollars annually in Stars Wars merchandise alone. George Lucas, Why would you make a 4th Indiana Jones film?
I can't wait for summer <U+E04A>
Didn't get home til almost 4 this morning...had a great time!
Hi there :)
- Staten Island wishes you best of luck in Boston. Even this Yankee fan. LOL
check out our website efgcreative.com - new brands will be posted soon
Moving can be stressful but this not falling into place ish is nerve wrecking.
I thought that dude was gay?
of course from a distance!!! Also wanna see a bear and wolf and fox and hippo and tiger.. Oh wait!!! ;-) heehee..
screamin "OVER MY DEAD BODY" like its not a possibility
what!? 2 weeks
Thank you so much for picking my book for your top 10!! You made my day! :)
You are lucky man: not only are you AWESOME, but you appear to have a stunning bride!
all nighter ... Classes starts at 8 and im done at 9 tonight ... Painful.
We R 1 happy family! Follow our projects:
: will do thanks alot
Does your app work with podcast players like ?
“: I'm Hosting Club #720 Saturday.... #Milwaukee” - does he mean Apt 720?
So.... if we were to do a cover song, what would you like to hear Embrace the Embers play?
I love finishing a hectic day by taking the scenic route home.
Im so in love with you
Thanks for playin
The head shaking and body language is fascinating!
Had lots of Glenlivet 12 (standard), but came to like the Islays like Laphraoig. When free - whatever. Those tunes are classic
The Current Analysis Customer Experience Management Webinar - Just started. We hope you were able to join.
Good morning [:
Publix, if you're out there and you can hear me, I love you.
Let's goo goon squad we doo work and well I guess haha
Laker fans beware of the bitter ass "bulls fan"
On bus in MD. Not sure where I'll sleep.
Yaay! We reached 400 #Followers!! #Follow us today! We represent #actors, #models, #dancers, and #musicians!
he really didnt know i knew it was all a game from the start so i played the game an ended on my part
#foxandfriends is the worst
There's a time and place for everything. Except when you open your mouth.
hell no!
Yes! You were great!
OMG I HATE THOSE THINGS. AND THEY LOVE OUR HOUSE.
thanks!! He even signed it:)
you should see the old Westinghouse site. It's like a dumpster for everyone that passes by. Really terrible.
Yea I get lonely like everybody else but then I'm reminded of the fact that no one can luv me like i luv myself
~Striving, striving, striving for a better tomorrow~
- #hater. - #notahater ..... Have a nice day ladies, I need to tan.
My throat is so swollen :(
I can't even man. Dude I just WHAT EVEN. and I was 394th follower he now has 425 or something kvlfnklvbdmvdklsvdfb
Oh my God it's gorgeous out. It's actually fun, and not horrible to bike.
Does Hallmark make greeting cards for Record Store Day yet? Seems like a new market.
God-Morning...Miracles happen everyday, we are all living witnesses of that! #thankful #believing #Grateful - God Is...
the year of the dragon
They are more mature than u younger girls
Punk'd in 5 :) this is going to be so funny.
Last 20-miler before the Eugene Marathon - 3:15:01, 9:45 pace, felt good. Thx to for the great fuel last night!
LADIES FREE $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED & KITCHEN OPEN 21 + YOUR SAFETY IS OUR
Tell all your friends to follow us! - Lee
68% of audience says social media insights extremely or very important part of customer engagement strategy. Validating!
that is the BEST drawing I have EVER seen of !!! I hope he see that!
Such a busy day ahead of me. :(
Just don't
I'm sure it's good.
I hate annoying neighbors, !
So long term upside, still in the group with the other 3?
Getting iced mocha lattees is starting to become a serious problem can't function without one.
yup, chinese food for dinner.
Finna get ready n goo to da doctor..:) gotta keep da baby on point!!
I am a powerful creator of my own life. I take back my power that I have previously given to others and know that I hold my truth within me.
Should have grabbed a taco
Not Just You in my pants ;D
Hi Did u know we are offering an anti-Valentine's special on 2/14? Single ladies receive a free 'Bleeding Heart' cocktail!
What are your plans for winter break?
Im slick still mad #oomf said i look 30 lmao
Do it for baron.
Fiiiinaallyyyy! I can relax & be a bum tonight
Practice tonight at 7 at the SM Middle School. Be there or let us know why you can't. We need to work and work together.
Creative lighting requires a careful balance of the different sources of light as well as an understanding of their direction and control
Have a blessed day everyone! :) Love you all!!!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes around San Antonio TX.
where do we get to watch the dual?
True to that!
O bloody hell!!! 95 with heat index of 108??? Really???
I hope thats not true of all females
NIIICCCCEE!go to the clubs in SanFran they b too on ;)
how you feel?
did yu have that baby yet ?
Thank you sis. Happy Mothers Day to you ladies as well
#FF Collecting KISSES for CHARITY in MPLS for 12 Days of #Kissmas - Thanks for the support!
Lottery tickets secured! Come on random numbers!
I know everything is going to be alright. Real talk. They can't tell me anything different.
he lose
oh yeah, that makes sense!!!
going through a root canal at it is the #worstfeeling ever!
Time for primwe at CBS...here goes.
I want food. Line too long at Union RT : As soon as asks for a pass rush, he gets it. What else do we want folks?
Oklahoma has about 3 million people and the most TALENTED of them are at Whiskey Chicks...stop by tonight for some LIVE music!
yo get ur lil ugly friends n check to cuz i kno u they think i know them
#MyNextBoo will definitely be , i could only imagine :)
Could the rebels have played any worse? That was ugly, no fast break pts, no dribble drives to the basket, not much of a game plan
My late
lololol good times .. (:
Unfortunately, it was cookie dough. Is that also a member of the vegetable family?
My new years resolution is to go into Brooks Brothers and buy clothes and not be looked at like I have 26 heads.
Season three Avon has to be one of the dumbest criminal masterminds on TV.
she would be the perfect cat! (she is not.... the perfect cat. She also yowled at 6 AM and woke us up on Weds.)
At AVENGERS screening the kids behind me kept asking their dad when Batman was going to show up. Dumb little bastards.
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!! :)
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
Amazing music is happening right now!!
Righttime Medical Care Attends National Urgent Care Conference
if you got a man that love you....... retweet this
O Lord, come open-armed to redeem us!
Indoor/outdoor Spring Awakening. Bigs news shimzz news. I'm disappointed in them. It's mid june wtf are we gonna do inside
Zach: Move your fat head! Me: It's not fat you fucker! You know I'm sensitive about the size of my head!
Unexpected B-School Bonus #9: "Collaborative learning" during finals week.
- I thought I was alone too! Omg it's so good!
Thanks for the post!
Ron Carpenter Jr: The most common trap on the road to significance is the detour of importance.
Nunthorpe! Im sure i have heard of Ramsey, what year are you in ??
it would be funny if you got pulled over :p
Hearing daughter with him in his post game interview made me smile and even laugh too, even after that crappy game
Some people look old and tired as shit sad part Is they ain't even old
I'm open to to playing ball....
#PLL pretty little liars soon! Can't wait :)
Leverage social to drive mobile traffic - let your users review you - friends trust their friends reviews more than ads
I'm starving and I want some alcohol
that was "Graffiti Bridge," of course.
Thanks, I'll check it out.
for what? I saw your post a while back.
#ToMyUnbornChild I am going to teach you about how watching porn sets the standards too high. Girls are only so "perfect".
Hey, Carimi is one. He had exactly 100 before getting hurt
Question from : do you know if the dell inspiron duo has a thing that you can put DVDs into? Thanks :)
Setting up meetings with potential sponsors for Gourmet Airways! Getting it 'off the ground'!! lol
Happy Holidays to all! <U+E022>
Sandstorm is the most obnoxious song. fadskljsjfskldfjsklfdsk
You work for ESPN?
For a guy that supposedly loves to read, Hurdle sure doesn't like to read about good strategies.
New Nelly track on the radio! Could this day get any better?? Oh yeah, my hands are up...
do it do it do it (:
Have now been sitting at same spot for last 10 minutes. Really feeling like a creeper now. Am praying that her get together ends soon.
Not convinced that was a strike 3 on Ryan at the end. He held up, should be ball 4.
I hate this tablet .
sour hour
i doin good so wat u ben up to?
It's #Wedding season!!! Book your #transportation with Local Motion for a stress-free, relaxing big day! www.localmotionofboston.com
awww :') your so kind ha
sonic boom?
Up and at 'em!
Wow a new one
No problem!
And it's only Monday <U+E406><U+E113>
you had me at dry heave ...which was towards the end. So I got that going for me..
also its nice to know u can tlk bout someone behind their back but not to their face well it was nice knowing ya
RT : Hey everyone, glad to have come across #revideo tonight. I assume this is a weekly chat? • It's turning intone one!
80/20 Sale in full effect at our Brew City Summerfest booth! Everything is 20% off while it stays over 80 degrees.
I know it's warm but still...no linen, no seersucker, and no white shoes or accessories until after Memorial Day. It's the law, people!
Had a great time at listening to archival description lightening talks this morning!
Thank you so much!
The DSA reported that in 2000, 55% of adult Americans had at some time purchased from a direct selling representative.
Flo, glad to hear about the Hindi vegetarian seniors-wish I had an organized group of them around here!
Heading out to hillsboro farmers market. Thankful it's only sprinkling.
Although PTSD, Bipolar, Anxiety, Depression, ADD, & Insomnia are not qualifying conditions in WA State relating symptoms & conditions are.
Michael Listi (Huffman HS) threw 6 scoreless innings for Prairie View A&M against Southern Univ. in Baton Rouge this past weekend.
Dinner, ice cream, and Movie night with girl tonight, that's all us old folks can handle!
I'm right there with you. Coffee is an absolute must every morning or my coworkers pretty much avoid me like the plauge.
Cool. Not on tumblr yet. You can get the print from us or Society6 (bigger / heavier but more pricey).
Intense acting and fight scene today for thriller film I'm co-starring in. Bruised but so satisfying!
Stop it with those spams.
Who's to say I'm not a ninja already? :o
Didn't say u were dissing the O's. Just applauding the under the radar look so far. I like it that way. Love your work, Dan.
i'm not even stressing about finals next week. underachieving to overachieve..
don't think missed them... right?
Good morning
1554 from : What's your fav #beer? SD's beer scene explained on at 6pm.
Triple stack
Alright "Amen Corner"
no problem <3
Where we're you when everything was falling apart
maybe someone knocked and ditched? like ding dong ditch?
6 thats more than the number of school days lol
why am I physic? Haha
What do you think are any positive role model on reality shows--since you've studied it all? Bear Grylss? Les Stroud?
She loves to use MY towel to dry the dog...#smh lol
I like both of you.
follow the links, we are in the atlantic division
Alan Belcher, hats off to you. Well done. Highly entertaining fight.
#Goodmorning , No school today , Gonna have a busy day >_<
just saw your live broadcast on I see you have texting gloves too. I love mine.
I really love this new song from Anthony Brown. I feel like I heard on it. I didnt make that up did I? Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Show on april 7th at the troc, getting tickets this saterday. Hit us up!
hahahahaha i gotta tell ya what happened, but i have to do it in person, or on the phone later you'll die
what time we hoopin today
wedding season is here! just found out offers free registry shipping in store. great way to save $ / make easier for couple.
What a bright sunshine
Work right after church
the book "With Winning in Mind" has a chapter on it too which may answer some questions. Sorry for so many responses.
Resting, I can't believe I still do work on Sundayz. Launching some really cool new sites.........updates soon!
I have never heard that.. Lol wonder how it helps...??? ;)
You ain't ready for a man.
It does. Only if the tattoos are of trash cans.
: That's three minutes of my life I won't get back. Read further into the piece and the guy becomes nuttier.
In europe.:)
I've been awake since 2:30. Today is not going to be a good day
This just in: tweets another sassy, sassy tweet. We'll keep you posted as more develops.
Sometimes I think I'll never meet my idol but #NSN , I m optimistic and defeated I will not give to get what I want<U+2661> Te amo
Christ almighty, I got exactly what I wanted last night and it was even better than I could have hoped. I'm in trouble.
dont let the sharkies get ya.! please.
nope I hope ur happy
Happy so much right now is following me. Happy day
Hey NYC alumni: if u are in the Brooklyn area be sure to check out Ned Snider's ('99) mural on 4th Ave. b/w 32nd & 33rd st. in Sunset Park
The answer isn't that EITHER kids need to work harder OR we need financial reform. Both are true.
No food in the house, not getting out to go get something bc the sun hurts, so I'm starving. Someone bring me something.
Sending my scholarship application to Lane.
love you (:
I'm in FL on biz and it's literally 1 degree warmer here! I miss home.
HE IS SO SEXY
haha for sure, I won't forget neither lol
I want this to be heard across the whole twitter, "tweet" good night
I am a huge polaroid fan– this site makes digital + polaroid work together in a fun new way: poladroid.net
I'm so ready!
Who got the wheels tho I'm tryin too get my blessing today
I feel like there's a story here.
Pound on my Muffin.......
Halo Saturday or Sunday Get at me for my free VIP guestlist (guest list closes at 11:30)! Inbox, RT or txt me 919-432-4635
Thank you, Adam. Awfully nice of you to say.
shoulders and biceps.
exited too! Happy you're dropping the beats for the fashion show... Loves ya!
yes thank you lady for the genius tip!!!!
I love you too <3 xx
I'm so sad D; I have to chose between going to New York or meeting the ICONic boyz in the summer ;/ I cant choose!!! Why me?!
23 down 27 to go June 21 here I come
hahah did I what?(:
Eating donuts and drinking coffee with the other "Squat and Gobbles" sitting at the donut store counter.
--know how to change and stop it from happening. :-(
I second this. RT : I really want to hear the university plans (if any) of engaging surrounding low-income communities
Waking up to cake pops and Starbucks >>>>>>
Thanks for sharing this, Great summarized tips!
The same guy that went on dates with both of my roommates just messaged me. Again. Ain't no way in hell that's gonna go down. No sirree.
Text messages back to back..so u emotional now fuck yo feelings..
Just ate a whole boxx of cookies#depressed;I miss you brian rip!!
Working tonight with and in the social media space! Please say hello and welcome them to Twitter! :)
World, I am taking the word "literally" away from you until you learn how to use it properly. You're all doing it wrong.
Travis just needs to retire...please!
Fat or Fit...Go beyond your BMI to find out how healthy you really are next time you visit your doc...
Hosni Mubarak is set to step down, I wonder if i pitch a tent in Washington D.C. if some of our leaders will do the same?
Follow This Guy is the real deal. Tells it like it is.
Thanks! We had a blast working on it :) /cc
Hi, #libchat; this is my first chance to hang out with y'all while I work on closing the OHSU library. What's the haps?
thanks Joey!!!
I usually just avoid war, horror, and lots of action movies for that reason.
Women get 77 cents for every dollar a man gets. Damn it, I was wondering why I only came home with 23 cents!
Have fun, Matt! And happy Cinco de Mayo! RT : Thanks again to for helping us get to attend Farmhouse Conf.
can't wait to see you again, bestie!!
ok, now we can't quite bring the farm to the library, Mr. Midwest. :-) but we're trying to get the therapy dogs.
time for us to get you drunk
Thanks bro, she's insane,.
Who has the best pastrami sandwiches around town?
I thought I was the only one that felt this way! I feel super-smart!
No longer single.!<3(;
Happy Halloween!
At NatGeo Titanic Premiere
No doubt! We're at Sat 4/28 and already working on June & October shows. Keep
Just completed a bit of readme-driven development this evening. Feels good. Looking forward to actually implementing it. :)
": Lazy days >>>>>>>" I wish! come take my spot on the farm this weekend!
when people say "more fish in the sea" they need to stfu
LOL!! No, you'll only be crazy if you start referencing similarities between you and a spork ;)
Good night --
thanks Nick. Back at you!
New movie coming out 'Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter' #wtf missed that in history class
I can't be defeated, for i have never won
Well that explains why my objectivity dogma pie never sets properly.
Dude! Need a manager? I watched your 2 vids. Still needs some work but I definitely see some potential. Lemme know, bro!
So hot right now
RT : Discover La Jolla's best kept secret for date night. $10 for $20 from !...
ok pink it is!
Your not average, baby your below that!
Holy junk people, what is this? National Ask Shaina Out Day? Calm down there gents!
I Want To Send Fan Mail But I Wouldn't Know What To Write :( <3
Expect a Kasey Kahne breakout with his new Hendrick team
It is extraordinary how potent cheap music is. ~ Noel Coward
thanks for the RT
thx for this
would love to know more. dabbling in p90x and it's helping. I can fit into my old jeans again.
by James Wood. There’s a passage that I think can apply to how we experience film as we get older, too: "I know from my own old books,
1000?? Whoa, whoa. The only way to get that many points is if you can pull off our glasses better than I do.
Mr. Bennett!!! :D Oh that is AMAZING! I can't wait for Mr. Paulsen next podcast with him!
It was disappointing, because I really enjoyed the first one and thought they had such a good thing going! Sigh.
just finished room 317. im crying so hard. it was perfect & flawless in every way possible. omg.
Traveling with Dad is like being on The Amazing Race without the prizes or product placement...
My life plan: MAKE MONEY! LOTS OF MONEY!!! Backup Plan: Spearmint Rhino Stripper
15% OFF THE ENTIRE SHOP - #BLACKFRIDAY THROUGH MIDNIGHT ON #CYBERMONDAY!! Enter coupon code "HOLIDAYCREST" at checkout :) Go #EtsyCREST!!
America was founded on the double standard: A bunch of slave owners wanting to be free. – George Carlin
GOT SOME NEW MUSIC TAKE A LISTEN AND FOLLOW ME AND and
Looking for books on Paul Morphy.
I hate how all the popcorn doesn't pop!!!! FFFFUUUUUCCCKKKK
Oops. I added you to a list, so you're in my TweetDeck, but I didn't follow you!
awww very sweet :)
What do you look for in a girl?
Just how pathetic has John McCain become?
good suggestion :-)
Tea that helps our head and heart. Tea medicates most every part. Tea rejuvenates the very old. Tea warms the hands of those who're cold.
I took a shower and returned to 14 texts holly mother! ;)
im hungary..... n im tired of eatin these lame ass rappers....... pizza sounds gud for todsy
Joey Crack what's good Terror Squad in the House
Hello twitterverse! Here again. Do you like it? ;-) I've been busy...just like everyday. I hope you don't forget me...
WTF? Concert ended so long ago we're about to hear the first replay already!
"Illinois owes the largest downstate ambulance company (Advanced Medical Transport) more than $750,000."
I think you mean #BCP Benjamin.Charles.Parrish.
MIT has made a camera that can take 1 Trillion frames per second!
Thanks for the mention, we hope you can make it!
non-trivial thumbs up
It ain't in our blood too!
she so bad but she so gay . damn
Which is less fattening beer or wine?
Dance Moms! <3
“: fine but you're still taking me to Mexico.” you're stern, but fair.
information is about sharing otherwise it just clogs the system says at
Disappointing people because I've never seen Star Wars. They're disappointing me because they haven't seen The Godfather.
That's my dude!! Good Luck. Keep up the good work
my mom just told me I don't fit into my pants anymore. thanks for the update bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I can't imagine being in Nikki's life and what a treasure it would be to know him personally,I"d miss him too <3
do you have suggestions for places to visit while I'm in Cork, Ireland next June?
Yep, 's #instagram profile photo is the best I've ever seen. Although, to be fair, that's not many.
Good times Friday, hope you had a nice Holiday
What? U've never seen a silent movie style theatre troupe or drag kings? Sat May 26 is ur chance! n
when i saw that tweet i knew it was fake. no way you could lose that amount and still be alive, LOL!
just let me know im also a good singer
TONIGHT - Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
and I don't see why. There will be changes regardless, so there will be ways to draw the lines that result in the least change
Modern mommy dilemma of the day....how many bags of groceries fit in a Mini Cooper? A lot with some creativity!
Prince Harry is so like ah<3 but i think Prince Harry Styles is better.. <3
Working from my cozy bed this morning, stalking all of you on twitter :)
I only watched it like three times. Then proceeded to get caught in a 2pac loop on YouTube.
Check out our new website that we just finished. www.assistedlivingathome.net We had a great launch party and the client was really happy!
Proud of myself I woke up before 7 to study with a classmate who said he would be here by 8...its almost 9!
Qtron Bass effects pedal and the MXR envelope filter are good ones have for da funk...
Ten toes down
Good thing I never met SK. Could have been dangerous...for both of us ;-)
Are you being harassed by debt collectors? We want to hear about it! Know your rights and put financial worries behind you.
Sarah!? Orlando over us? RT : Disappointed I will miss but at the same time not because I will be in Orlando...
Wives of U.N. diplomats tell Syria&#39;s first lady to &#39;stop being a bystander&#39;
….this time the games aren't as easy
thanks for the tweet
Thanks for your enthusiasm! will decide what to order, but they may be open to suggestions ;)
Starting back at work today. I'm definitely not going to like getting up at 7 everyday. :(
Abby's going on a trip to Great Britain next year!
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained
Of all u guys that threw out the first pitch who had the best stuff
how do you know it's Monday? Me and my wife just cut promos talking to our kids about how they have to eat dinner
Vancouver police look for person who threw acid in a woman's face by Esther Short park. They hope to talk to victim today. Was this random?
lol hes a jet now i have to. But hes still a dolphin for life
3) If you are suspected of committing either of these crimes you can be held until your immigration/citizenship status is verified
so proud of u bb<U+2665> can u make my wish come true and tweet me HI or follow me or something?!!!!<U+2665>
just had the best Paella with chicken and shrimp at work cafe OMG gonna get fat!
BIC Draft Party! "Here We Go Brownies Here We Go"!
I wish you nothing but the best
They're absolutely beautiful - I'll see if I can get some pictures to post.
ok what do i do after that
Come find me round town, windows down, blasting 90s music. Still tryna get a beach group goin, if anything, its a suburban BBQ kinda day.
i enjoyed yhur company saturday && dnt let it be a whole nother year before i see yhu again !
your behind the music documentary was poppin Salute
lmaooo he is he not wearing a pinky ring today he's smooth with everything he got all the arab teachers going crazy over him
Mike Scifres (chargers) and Michael Irvin are officiating this #Pac12Tourney game. Haa.
"Crushed ice hockey"
it would be nice but even we need our beauty sleep :)
Lovin' Vegas baby! AVN is great - full of sexy ladies! Can't wait to party at Piranha tonight! Swingfest give-aways tonight at the party!
so are u going to take the job or what?
Rise & Shine & kick out the Glory-Glory .... So many ways to be grateful!
dear channeling my inner
nt nasty to me
The boxing world lost one of the greats... Rest in Peace Smoking Joe!!
set not disappointing at all
- Very cool! =) Thanks a lot! We're trying to do weekly giveaways on there so definitely check it out. Enjoy the game!
i wanna know gabby . Why you think im askin ? This is gonna ruin my weeknd if you really dont tell me
- I am following you. How weird is that? Send some good tweets!
You are so kind. Thank you. RT : #FF A #MustFollow An Absolute favorite. Have a Fantastic weekend :)
Thanks Cara! We're so grateful for your support. Keep up the good work in NYC.
That is sad :( I've been updated on your life though... I'm sure that doesn't sound creepy at all to you.
you really don't care about me.
I miss when I was little, and I didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair; I just did what made me happy.
Second tweet RT of 's second tweet: "Just had a medium lunch. Please RT."
I love colleges that send you
Or maybe he does.. *sighs* wht to do what to do
You try way too hard.
Yeeee S/O To The Best Taco Shop In Town
The fiancee has appleTv; trying to sync it with iTunes - I am convinced (again) those of you Apple users have no clue what computers do
i guess you won't be snowboarding this weekend.
It's laundry day.....
Go follow beliebers
She a playa
check our locator, free for download on iPhone and android, or on our website
Dirk AWESOME
Hahaha, I have the running ability of a sloth with four broken legs. Well..hopefully a little better than that, hah.
Not watching the fight tonight - but got some money on it. Going out with a VERY good friend tonight.
Also need a good deal on a sax mic clip if anyone has/knows hit me up
AMEN!!!!!!! BUT you should do the religion. Cuz we might not switch 2morrow
Developers who think they can live in a dark cave and only come out for food are fooling themselves.
meant point guard not every guard
well..he will need protection
Happy #Monday everyone! In honor of the quickly approaching #summer, what are your #travel plans for your break?
I just did like minutes ago. Maybe I typed your email wrong hold on
Shout out to my family...
la bodegita , google it
A special s/o 2 the people who talk behind someone's back. Bitch
A woman asks little of love: only that she be able to feel like a heroine. ~Mignon McLaughlin
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination- Oscar Wilde
haha yea! :D
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. – Thomas Henry Huxley
does anyone else think it's super awkward to have someone serenade you?
Let's get this #tweet machine cranked up!
Chew with your mouth closed
for the new books shelf?
My two favorite guys are going to be at my game tonight #oneluckygirl :)
Uploading The 6kness
Amazing! Hot product that I will most certainly be using!
#WTF? [Tickling was outlawed in some ancient middle eastern countries because it was thought to be an aphrodisiac.]
One gas-powered lawn mower running for an hour puts out as much pollution as 11 cars, says EPA. Wow....there's no standard 4 mowers?
The moment when you get and text and it isnt him:(
Was shopping at World Market when they started playing some Eddie Vedder/ukulele song. Exactly what I get for shopping at World Market.
What is the reason way Andy Rooney is still on 60 minutes? What purpose does he serve? I can't figure...
#remeberwhen nba live was the shit
I hear vitamix makes a mean peanut butter
Surely we'll see the 'slirt' before this debacle ends. 'Slirt' = sleeves - shirt
Im feeling much better n im at school wif :)
They are.
#sincewerebeinghonest i trend to get follows so Ill become a half-assed celebrity
hope I win!
RT : what flavor? beef or chicken?
Did you see that FLES teacher Yanira Umana from Arcola received her National Board Certification? What an honor for LCPS!!
in Canada
ha. well, I guess not that literally.
no problem, you can go back to unfollowing me now
I know Zimmerman wasn't a cop, but these kids already know that they wont be treated fairly by 5-0. They already think the gig is up.
Happy Monday! For all of our gardeners, here are some growing tips for broccoli. We hope your gardens are looking good!...
A big win for US Soldiers coming home from war. Fucking VA should be ashamed it took so long to recognize these kids need a support system
Counting down the days
O i see so u gone b up 4 awhile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Yer that is true
your new single 11:11 is amazing I love it
Really wanna go eat sushi:/
and I are having a Knoxville trip today...watch out!
<U+E326><U+E51F> RT : here's to the kids who have their own concerts in their room.
I'm totally THANKFUL for ALL of my teachers for teaching me all that I know now.
Plan your work and work your plan. . .
no words is an Understatement smh
It's always a treat to see someone care about something other than themselves. I admire her very much
Donald & Peta...yum
take a look at what you did,
Tune in to our conversation about the foiled bridge bombing plan on 90.3 right now.
Sorry folks... the reason for my announcement fell through for the moment. It's postponed until at least the last week of March.
great night with the ladies at #Mavs NBA Basketball 101. shouts to the ladies i escorted to each station... good night tweets.
Spa pedis with mommy for Mother's Day!! #m #feelingood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
OK the holidays are over and we are done with charity work. We are looking to book our talent for a job, looking for casting notices
yep! THE best #chessmover of all time!
do y'all have tickets yet?
in the back... U here?
are u getting a 1-on-1?
thanks for making me laugh.
Any Game of Thrones addicts here?! ...last night's episode, ...how could they!?!
- great quote!
I hate; very early wake up
So True! RT : I don't understand fruit snacks, because fruits already were snacks.
thanks for the follow! :)
Robert Downey Jr. is attending George Clooney's fundraiser for Obama? I thought he was a Republican.
Ok its 4-4 and they have Burnett coming in
If you're in D.C. today, stop by Planet Pet in Adams Morgan. They're having a silent Auction to benefit our cause!
Thanks to Croft and Associates Architecture for donating Open Arms meals to children w/ cancer who are spending day after day
Extremely bright future especially if it stays Garcia/Baffert RT #7 "contested" much the best in the eight belles race 7 cd
: Thank you for posting the video of James Franco singing "love you like a love song." I listen to it and I'm
neither #rangers nor #giants is even the biggest brand of its nickname in sports
I miss my ex im looking at his face in my class but ion want him to know
thats so sad :(
all done!! relaxing and food then #PhiladelphiaFlyers time!
Never tell them u saw it on tv they will still have no clue what u r talking about
Aint nun with bein coo , everything aint always about sex you knoo
LAST DAY to ORDER Appalachian Granny's fresh, yummy desserts before Christmas! Order by 6 pm today! 614-732-2803
RT : The Derby on Mexican day is America. Let's roll.
Order Now Pearl iZUMi Women's Peak II Trail Race Train Shoe,Cool
What would your touchdown celebration be? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
2 problems... 1) #Marine discharged for FB post about Obama...WTF!! 2) THIS is a top news story. Most of us think our boss is a JACKASS!
The price of greatness is responsibility. ~ W. Churchill
The best shows of TV AND
Mental Warfare
i miss you :(
Our S.O.W.: Groppi's Hot Italian sausage/fresh mozz/fresh oregano! We now have Sprecher Cherry cola. Word!!!!
Tattoos are no longer symbols of rebellion, they are products of insecurity.
wow that just ridiculous -_-
I hope you always happy. you deserve it. to do this, I'll be always by...
BH Trivia Q: What year did Guy Buford became the first African-American to travel in space? Ck www.AmericanLegacyMag.com for the answer
Aww...Thank you Michael!
what were you expecting ? Lyrics as deep as Thom Yorke? ;-)
she thinks they're cute, but is very allergic so no piggy cuddle time for her! :)
Night followers
great minds think alike!!
we found dove in a soapless place
good point but he just annoys me.
: BREAKING: Big fire in downtown Johnson City on East Main Street at Capones.
Hello! Glad to be connected. Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing Happy Holidays from 2U
It is a beautiful March day in Illinois! How are you enjoying you're Sunday?
use a service like Instapaper and make that your homepage at the office?
#ThisisEpic- all of the survivors in Chile! Headlines Chile Celebrates Miner's Miracle!
Realizing how lucky is for having an hour and a half before class..
voting is from sunday to thursday so vote as many times as you can and show support!!
Not viewing video on savebluth.com on itouch-can ELI post actual YouTube URL?
Need to go to sleep NOW. Off to FL in a few hours. :)
hm. MAYBE i'll start using twitter again more regularly. i don't really have anything else to do...
20 piece Chicken Ring from White Castle at 1am. Enough said
I've been following my instincts for years. The cops finally arrested me for stalking. I have to stay 200 feet away from my initial reaction
heyy you wanna help me out? :)
Just took a bite of heaven. Cheesy gordita crunch with Doritos shell = pure and utter bliss. All credit goes to
Excited about the weekend!
Hey Charles why dont u have a twitter account?
thanks for pointing to this. Just finished it. Making copies for 'the decision makers'.
Have a great evening folks! And a fine gig, if ya got one!
follow me Desmond1598
lets go Syracuse ..I am bleeding orange all day! Go #Cuse!
Whole City Gettn Shot Up 2nite
Stay focus Rude Boy n Rated R Roulette n the mirror Let U Or Inside Edition showed ur tattoo Howard Fast Book Deal
lol cameras. People. Skimpy dress.haha
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere sweatshirts alone are okay to wear outside of the bedroom. Aka, in public.
Awesome! Wishing you continued success!
seriously. King of all deuchebags!
then sometimes I walk into Walmart just to get lost.
I enjoy inventing small tasks for my son to do. Such as: put the yogurt in the fridge, hang your coat on the hook, bring Mama a Magic Hat
you need a cool name now like ;)
So hungry.... Too bad I'm sitting, waiting on batting
#wordoftheday Maffick (v) to celebrate w boisterous rejoicing and hilarious behavior. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3
Don't forget your $200 raybans. Oh thanks babe. Good call. #fuck #sitting on the table.
RT : Adopted/Foster kids need the intensity, frequency and duration of what they missed in their infancy.
Haha she knew my tweet last night was about her haahaha
progress stalled today. I might have to move at a slower pace than I used to, but this could be good for me. Slowin down & lookin around.
Yoga session in 20, right? I found Jordan doll yesterday. Not so flexible in 1990.
All the shit goin down in the world and I'm thinking about my golf swing. That either makes me very zen, or a douche
MORE #TATTOOMUSIC COMING YOUR WAY
Ugh I have a bump like rite up under my eye.
When you love someone and then they rip your chest out <
nothing much punk this dude kept my Xbox hostage <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Im cold
Aint nobody checking for your garbage a lot of intuition I aint never finished college.
Hopefully everyone is ready for the party! We're getting some great raffle prizes! Everything we raise gets donated to Hunger Task Force!
$50 treatments for "Spa Week" beginning Sept. 13th! Call (425) 643-5772 to make your appointment!
GOP middle class: Your party wants you to have freedom to own guns & wants banks to have freedom to foreclose on your house. #ButNoSex K?
it's a good thing you were there. It could have gotten ugly.
#AmITheOnlyOneThat gets those moods of sadness & you don't know why ?
“: >>>>> #bestsongsever” well thank you!
We will be tonight in Frederick, Maryland (MD) at Olives restaurant on Market Street. Our Djang'olives show starts at 9pm. No Cover.
Shorter #SOTU: I killed Osama...(some other stuff)...In conclusion, remember I killed bin Laden.
Okay! RT : Come hear me read from my new book, PITCH, at the Loft in Mpls Wed 7pm. Launch party!!
another class at 6...till then im chillin like a villan
Woooot! Have a great shoot!
|#quotes The future of our country is not found in our boardrooms, but in our classrooms.
did you do a podcast this month yet?
Again takes me to and fro, 7am-7pm
Us artists are bright eyed & bushy-tailed today in the Convention Center, here from 11-6 through Saturday. Bring your pals!
I'm sure Moseley hasn't forgotten it either!
Should you see an entire thing it looks that it is always lovely.
I love that movie!
happy birthday mommy planet ^.^
When someone says #imFromJERSEY I usually respond with oh I thought I smelled something.
Can already tell its gonna be a bad day.
Stay off Woodward after a Tigers game
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E41F>
of course!! I suggest that froyo be involved in this date.
im back
Get outta my life
Nice run, Bill & thx for sharing the college financial aid video.
Hillis saw light work today and is questionable to start, given how that's played out, I'm leaning more out than in
hmm trying to decide if I want to check off chicken or beef on the invitation to my wedding. I probably won't even have time to eat it!
the photo is not coming up
i'm jealous of everyone who is drinking a CBTL tea latte right now. mostly because they're probably in california.
So excited for my first spring training game tomorrow! Wahoo!
email me your addie and I'LL come pick u up and I think we can handle the little mister as well!!!
RT : ... , a vehicle for PR? DH will inevitably reach beyond the acad; that's a good thing. Just monitor judiciously.
ah, the crazy things I kind of almost miss about Vermont.
In ATL. Let's get it poppin.
Are you getting a bag?
Great show this Friday the 13th with lots of fun guests.....Two very special HOMAGE TO VETERANS! Stay tuned.........
what u doin
Ferdinand A Porsche dies today at 76. He designed the Porsche 911.
The number of men and women age 65 and older cohabiting outside of marriage nearly doubled between 1990 and 2000.
you werent an old lady that time ;)
Happy Mother's Day!
IVY: Creative Commons is a way to restrict use or access of your work while still remaining open.
Lmao just saw an interview about lady complaining how expensive Jordan's are that's whats causing the riots in the black community
Check us out on Facebook!!!!
Generations inform our frame of reference" "technology (as a word) has no meaning"
just remind yourself that in less than two months we'll be on vacation together <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
When you wake up naked next to the prettiest girl ever.. Her sleepy sighs remind me of the ecstatic highs I made her scream last night.. ;D
Im calling at 10! Cody is my idol! Hes so amazing!
happy wednesday, everyone! (: how are you all today?<3
Seussical is coming up! Come see it March 2 or 3 at 7:00 in the evening! Tickets are $1.00.
Like I said many times, the markets are a leading indicator. Trade the tape and the facts, not the rumor or news
Relax?! We'll try... Om. RT : Daily #SHOUTOUTS Hope you have a Relaxed day! Make it happen, take care
turning my phone of so nobody can bother me!
So had a good tyme now tonite im hittin up rio crown club come join vegas popz
Morning Farmers, swing by for Thankful Thursdays & pick up any two top shelf grams for $30 donation. Our strain of the day is Island Dawg!
#GhettoCountryLoveSongs Take Another Little Piece of My Heart (and i'll pop a cap in your ass)
Lane Kiffin is a cool dude. He hung out with my buddy Kevin and I and answered all of our questions. Really down to earth.
Going to gay school!
Thanks Hillary!
lol! Since our chat the "fanny parking" has taken place in other potentially fruitful areas. Thurs/Fri is #Hutton day.
: I've traveled moderately. Can't say I'm a big fan of Baltimore, but I live here so I make best of it. Snot the best place.
Bourne: IRs are too institutional. Need to focus on sharing between institutions and act collectively.
Question for our baseball fans: What would be a fun baseball themed Flashmob? We want your awesome ideas!
So, I'm up 4 no reason. Da whole house is asleep & I've been up since 4:30 w/ nothing to do. I'm catching up on my dvr'd shows. Mawn'n yall
is sad. a real gentleman. always had a kind word for the kid reporters. which you are now, right?
It's official DEAD ISLAND coop with the whores been waiting 2 play this game let's see what this game all about #xboxlive <U+E11C><U+E307><U+E113>
Want to send a special s/o congrats and good luck to all my friends at new voice who are nominated and will be at the grammys 2m! Also Jason
Voice of an Argentine angel... Modern meds / surgeries have kept my heart beating for 22 years. Thumbs-Up, I passed all physicals!
hey for the winter packet do we do all the problems?
can't wait for the day to be over with.. so tired :/
When u first opened u offered limited entrees prix fixe to introduce community to ur quality--maybe repeat for new diners?
125 more followers till I get to 1000!!!! RT!!!!!!!!
Your fucking annoying . Shut the hell up .
Who wants some facts? :P
Ugh, I hate those days when no one wants to answer my fucking texts
This is weird.
Is there a game out there to re-tweet vacuous tweets by athletes? I'd hate to not be in on the joke.
Can you #showyourheart to me?
Set the tone for your day claiming yourself love. We're created from the highest source, YOU ARE, WE ARE ONE WITH THAT SOURCE. PERFECTION
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out, and strike it, merely to show that you have one. ~Lord Che
You know it's bad when I can ID a fire truck or ambulance just by the sound of its engine from years of living here with Kenny.
As soon as you feel it start, do a double dose of zinc lozenges for 2 days. The cold will go away or be no big deal. Fact.
For the fifth night in a row. It's time to move Rickie off that leadoff spot.
RT : Getting to the side of the stage where your favorite member is going to be <U+2665>
Ain't nothing like a good Sunday dinner!
there are USPS boxes throughout terminal 1. Check a directory for exact locations.
Been waiting for a text
Saddened "big nut bars" no longer a billboard at Citi Field
thanks, i really do try. lol jk, it comes naturally. (;
can you somehow make it possible for me to transfer to mcarthy?
I think the fail were the visuals in regard to the martians ": Disney just didn't know how to market it. Huge fail"
I always see you around school but we haven't been able to talk much. #MissingYou :/
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The concert is June 28. Let me know the week before the concert if you can come. I told my friend you may be coming.
RT "Nothing will keep you awake at night like a client who trusts you." --Tug McTighe
Congrats for winning Best Legal Solution & Best Political Information Resource in the 2012 CODiE Awards!
Right now, me and my 8 other teammates have classes. The classes are always different. This weekend class is over chassis tuning.
Ima make her work tonight
we need to lol
I love creating website & graphic stuff. Anything creative keeps me happy. Just need 55 hours in day it seems lately lol
Sign my yearbook? Hold my ball sack?
be thankful tomorrow that i don't own a gun.
Same last name! We hired her this morning...we look forward her starting. We hope you come by for a bite some time!
Come on Rams...let's go!
thank you! A week off makes me smile :))))
cant find the H&M return policy on this shoppin music
Exciting New website we created for United Capital being unveiled December 8th on MSNBC’s #dylanratigan show. Check it out!
Ready for a bubble bath and a glass of wine. :)
Happy Mother's Day!
Sunday Night call in show from 6-8pm tomorrow will have The BIG 3 in studio - Rakes, Troutman, Willis. Be sure to tune in!
Ladies Thanksgiving is approaching, make sure you book your hair appointments now before I'm all booked! (813) 910-2770
Had trouble with Cubase LE all week, but finally got some recording done today.
Who's in Miami for Spring Break this weekend ?
Good mornin pplz...its tuesday, u kno wat that means?! Neither do I, get inspired to do somethin wild n spontaneous today....legally tho lol
Blowjobs are like family, your always mad when they cum...
thank you sir !
I'm definitely a huge supporter of stealing towels from Hotels and Motels, but God Damnit, you'll never see me steal from a Holiday Inn.
i don't have time to slow down and deal with your personal issues. too much goin on, sorry.
Very excited for the Super Bowl because the Packers aren't in it
RT : And that #Wazzu-UNLV game will be broadcast on ESPN.
Great meeting you last weekend. You may like following where I post things re: looting and museums.
San Onofre nuclear plant in California leaked radioactive substance yesterday. Amount undetermined. Reactor is shut down.
thanks again, those are really nice words! And any help you can give with LA will be much appreciated. Logistics are daunting!
I dont need a fucked up relationship to ruin me been living life wit my bros alec brandon dj josh and all my friends.! Fuck love
I'm down!!
THESE PLANS MAKE ME JEALOUS! PLEASE LIVE TWEET EVERYTHING.
It be kinda cold if you could reply to a text in the lock screen on the iPhone
Students: Want a summer internship? Email with subject line "Summer 2012" & attach your resume. We'll review all!
Like, did you even have ur smartphone w/ 3 different twitter apps? Don't hide that in a bush it belongs in your hand. Always.
You're in the mode now... it's pretty much fait accompli now.
It takes two to get one in trouble.
I thought you went to deady, lol well idk but when are you having your ceremony?
Girls claim hate when dudes are assholes, however when we tell a girl what we really think, and say theyre beautiful they find it creepy..
Don't speak when you're angry. Don't promise when you're happy. Good night world.
Welcome to Twitter little sis :) Follow
I love how #deadmau5 is not underlined with a red squiggly on Word.
Sad to read tweets of people that get more pleasure out of #Ducks losing than their own team winning. They wonder why they are little bro?
DAMN DAMN DAMN
i've been gone awhile twitter,but shes back. let's all kick back and listen to some ? I'm thinking awkward breakfast time.(:
So glad I work at so I can get some from - It's been a sad winter without pops!
ATX !! Playing Dirty Dog tonight on 6th with some really great bands! Doors are at 5 so come pregame with us!!
TravelTip #6: Write yourself a note about photos you take. It's hard to remember the details of all the places you saw when you get home.
see Cameron, KARMA... the Giants won... they heard you say you hated them... mmmmhmmm... :-P lol
Up and running, www.josephgehart.com
Kentucky Derby, Cinco de Mayo, Fight night.. So much going on!
I am thinking this is going to be a long, chippy series. I love skilled, bloody hockey!
FREE SHIPPING UNTIL MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!! but as my lovely followers, get 10% off any order all year round!! use coupon code "FOLLOWTHESMOKE"
Escapism #black keys #arctic monkeys #madison square gardens
Are you following these Art Institutions on Tumblr?
hell yea! I got a couple spots too let's do it!
“: Dinner? Save the calories, let's drink. #CTL”
So proud of my Aunt who was the 911 dispatcher this morning when all the calls came in.
ok, I just noticed that my tweet basically copied Chris' tweet. It was unintentional, I swear!
Do you live downtown? Any recommendations for apts near the circle?
we'd love that data in GeoCommons. Let us know when you've uploaded/registered it /cc
oh u not going to follow me anymore...lol...dont let that show fool ya...i knew you before ur head got all swole nucca.
#pizza for #dinner. :) m
That awkward moment where all the water splashes out the toilet when you shit a rock...LMAO! That reminded me of Rasputia.
HA. Think i know math? no!
You look like your like 5 :p I just realized that. But you do!! :)
Heavy rain blasts metro, shuts MSP - Minneapolis Star Tribune
come to the Bing lot 4-6 and party. Open bar. Lots of free food.
thanks Tiff! hope you can make it out!!!
That's correct
Welcome to our latest follower, writing coach Susan Rich. Follow her at !
You're screaming and cursing and angry and hurting me. I'm smiling and crying, apologizing.
Just applied to This was a big one. REALLY hoping to screen this thing in Austin.
#oomf is such a beautiful individual ..
As a note, because of the sold out crowd, we are opening check-in early at 7:30 a.m. at 's Wealer Auditorium. Come down early!
Omg Im back on Twitter for the 8484738 time :)!
Wishing all of you a healthy, happy and successful Tuesday.
morning boyfriend <3
One more hour to follow and RT for a chance to win a copy of Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close by Jonathan Safran Foer!
...and right now this top shelf is taking full advantage of me smh
Getting ready for day two of the ISS show in Fort Worth.
We hope you enjoyed our event! Anything in particular surprise you?
THE SKYS THE LIMIT, SO WHY SHOULDNT I LIVE MY LIFE IN IT....
everybody follow my band
About to board the huskies plane back to pdx on Alaska. Boo!
If you're thinking about it you're doing it wrong. At least, that sounds like something or whoever would say.
Never! Let's Go Celtics!!!
Yes. We need to get together Friday night or I'll miss you completely. Can't have that!!
Thank you for the FF! :) If I have not said it enough thanks for the support & friendship, I appreciate it and am blessed. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
About to start breakout session three: "In the Web: How Moving Towards a Linked Data Model Can Revolutionize Libraries"
Oh. hell no. Guaranteed way to end up on the "People of Walmart" web site. ;-)
Home from the World Vision conference and now... back to the grind. At least I like this particular grind most of the time. :)
Joe Wieland MRI: No structural damage to the elbow, but going to the DL.
#AtlantaBound !! Feels so good to be home =)
"I chose, and my world was shaken--so what? The choice may have been mistaken but choosing was not. You have to move on."
New class! "Introduction to Joint Mobility" -- perfect for helping aging issues! Sat 2/18 10am. Call Sierra Fitness 520-577-9000 to sign up.
The #Oakland A's owner looks like he cut his own hair. With the crowd on hand in Oakland it wouldn't surprise me if he did
It's too pretty to be inside. I'll buy lunch for anyone who will come kidnap me from work. I'll reimburse for gas too.
Congratulations and Welcome to Penn State Comm student LIBBY GRAHAM! We look forward to following your adventures this summer!!
<---------- Let's talk about the children of zion excuse me if I start crying- Canibus
I’m chilled to the bone / not from a blast of winter / but from apathy
Pat Williams, who brought Magic to Orlando, wins NBA Legend Hometown Hero Award. "If good enough for Walt, good enough 4 the NBA"
How long does a flash mob practice before they perform?
This Moscow traffic jam is so bad, people are getting out of their cars singing "Everybody Hurts" in Russian.
It's like both but slightly more fire. You should make the trip to their show 2night!
Family party (y)
pbbbt. a lawyer who doesn't "read" the fine print... ;)
RT : I'll up my donation to LIVESTRONG to $100k if I get 100k followers by Nov 9th. I have just over 13k followers now.
Remember where you are and where you came from, You up there doing it those haters will always subside
Tuesday, May 8: Liverpool v Chelsea, 2pm, FOX Soccer
$1200.00 for a upstairs two bed one bath. This week only.... 858.776.1312
Do a "face check" [expression] as you deliver the assignment, and then tweak accordingly
": #StuckInThePast" I hate when that happens to me, I always think about sad things :(
The #lawschool class I was scheduled to teach today on procrastination is postponed to tomorrow
Made it :P lol
is trending.....more bitches for him to fuck now
finally getting caught up on the vampire diaries!
:) RT I bet U Thant thought Happy Birthday was always about him.
There are no north south routes available between Seattle and Portland at this time (via ) I guess it's not just raining here!
Also, "People have seen me in threesomes on TV. I have nothing to hide" (a Jersey Shore cast member re: possibly running for office).
Love this quote: "Hollywood’s a place where they’ll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss, and fifty cents for your soul." -Marilyn Monroe
Dnt say one thing then do the other
too many relevant lyrics in these songs. should I switch to a dubstep station? =_=
We'll be open w/a GREAT new exhibit! RT : First Friday Happenings in the village of #zionsville Oct 7 5- 8pm. Art, music, food...
"Living dangerously" according to mom means driving on a 1/4 tank of gas
do u love us new York fans? Come on go crazy lol
I want oomf to come thru.... never got that text back tho.... *shrugs*
Someone text me.
I wosh I could make it!!! When im back in LA its on!
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. Fine, fine artists threw down at the Tower Theater tonight. Whew.
Going to warped tour this year. #excited :D
Anything can happen in this perfect weather. That's what scares me.
The Angry Birds are preparing to land! Head to the Space Needle for free giveaways and lots of fun planned!
little girl at the park:"if a bee stings you, you die... & the bee dies too." lmao
O MAN! I can't wait for our illustrated message this Sunday - THE FAN! It's going to be off the charts! ALWC Fam- invite someone!
Just had a veggie burger and milk shake at Teds Bulletin, and hit up an open house, can't wait to buy some of DC
If anyone sees a white Nissan lic #L55 7111 please call CPD 911. It was involved in an assault on one of my colleagues
IT WAS SO AMAZING. <3
What the economy needs is job creation enabled by gov investment in crumbling infrastructure and green tech. NOT job killing spending cuts!!
thanks for the congrats!
What a time to embrace your Punk -there R good people screaming in the streets ,none more peaceful punk than that
Shoot me an email to and we'll connect.
My friends are insane haha. Love that school. So much... And pretty much all the kids in it..
I fucken swear I just wanna punch the fuck out of you!
No. But I'm intrigued....
Absolute!!! :D RT New Year's Resolution countdown! #1 – Never settle for “it’ll do.” In fact, never settle, period.
Thanks, ladies! You rock!
Dancers if you are have any photos from this competition season, please email them to me! I am putting together our banquet slideshow :-)
Something very strange came in the mail today. A package from a laboratory I've never heard of in San Diego.
I love Widline too yall!! :D
I'm so proud of Austin. He works so hard<3 & he loves his mahomies so much.
Sorry for anyone experiencing troubles on #SportingExplore. Our gaming engine is creating errors. Trying to fix before end of match.
compared to what? #wiredwaffles are all natural and have the caffeine content of a large cup of coffee.
@ Midway waiting 4 a twice-delayed Southwest flight to #Indy I could have driven home by now-or at least been to Chi-town burbs 2 c friends.
They took my rings, they took my rolex I looked at the brotha said "Damn, what's next?"
No relationship in life can be any more successful than what we are willing to learn about ourselves through it
RT if you think should put more in their magazine!!!!!!
Prize-winning film&#39;s Cuban actors to seek asylum in Miami
You hurt me once, it's okay. You hurt me twice, fuck you!
Things have really gone south with the Bobcats…Coach Silas, Tyrus Thomas have more than words…altercation!
So. Bored. Maybe I'll go sexually harass an intern.
okay babe <U+2764>
going to bed happy i got 1000 followers!(: and I love youu <3
Brilliant! I'm sending that fact out immediately on Facebook, as soon as I finish up on Twitter. Great meeting, by the way.
Sending love up above to our announcer Dave who passed two days ago. We will miss you!
How bout a beah? Cwertinley. Gulp gulp gulp. Ah.
Do not let things that happened in the past stop you from getting what you want out of life. Have the courage to go after your dreams.
National Princess Week is almost over and nobody has given me presents
Hey your live feed of US Open on Time Warner in NYC is unwatchable. Looks like a reel to reel home movie. What up?!
I know all of you are all so interested in American politics. If you had any questions I found those unbiased links about the reform bill.
Good luck in the #mobbies and thanks for following!!!
got the gmail xobni invite but firefox plugin not working. help!
Good Morning and a happy Wednesday to everyone.
My phone was stuck most of the day, so texts were sent & twitter notifications came in only after I rebooted. #oops #phonefail :b
ah ! I can't wait .. now work won't be so boring !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Huge void now in the long white tshirt sales industry RT : Rumor is Bubbles won the lottery.
Tomorrow going back in the studio, let's get the creativity back out:-)
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 CNG for a new car!
TODAY: 's 1st Annual College Radio Awards, 5:00pm. Student Center Basement at the UClub
I think that Powell's is where God lives. It's too wonderful to be anything but. And no sales tax!
aww serious? thanks so much! our EP will be out soon we'll have more videos! check our website for updates: www.icicledust.com
yeah I know! You could thank me to lol
how was Nero? Il be in town til like Wednesday def would be up to go out one of those nights
This is a good game...
My interest has been piqued! Which exhibition?
hey the fact I stay in Scotland! :( <3
10.0.1 trying to connect to d/l apps, but getting 403 forbidden error. Are you offline?
Would ms. of Woman in White count as awesome? Going to look at this afternoon.
Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it.
great website thanks for the follow!
swear aint that lame
wht school you go to lol ?
On an flight still on ground in Boston. Captain says they replacing control panel. Not sure how safe I feel. At least next to exit!
On an unrelated note, that's some nice penmanship! Haha
I Notice A Lot But I Choose Not To Say Shit !
Our phone support can get very busy at times. We apologize for the wait.
Slow things down, speed them up. Not enough or way too much.
so I tell you leave when I mean stay
we got some runnin 2 do for the party tonight then mani & pedi's..
Commercial food waste to be banned
I married my husband at 11:30 on the morning of May 16, 2010 in front of the Georgia skyline. And it was wonderful. It has been a dream.
Woahhhh why are you hatin on Brady Quinn? #stud Plus, you can't hate AJ Hawk's bro-in-law.
Been away a few days guys but I am BACK!! Prepping for #MissUsa getting my team of artists ready!
totally! How've you guys been? Ready for the weekend?
u talking about picking the shortest drive thru line?
how u been ?
I was a dreamer before you went & let me down.
Beautiful girls! I have 2 myself...they have Dad in their back pocket I'm sure!
#Greek Festival of the Birth of #Apollo, who yrs later, went on to beat
oh yes. i was outside because i came back from running! I wasnt waiting for you lmao (:
#ThingsIwantTheMost BAND MERCH! lots of it.
passing Bristol Motor Speedway
Man I was looking forward to tht cup of fruit...
More coffee. Then to the grading races
can it be tmrow already .
Make it a triple threat with a girl and that'll get some serious viewers ;)
fantastic concept and user experience!
#orphans8 Jeff Capp talking about an amazing collection of nitrate films that Gartenberg Media acquired.
Thanks Grant for the RT!
ok we all ne to #stopbullying because what if that was ur brother or sister or even ur friends was getting bullied u would want to stop ...
On OS X, Screenshots are saved to the Desktop by default.. Instead i think they should be under /Users/<username>/Pictures/Screenshots
#braves are still ahead 2 nothing at the top of the 6th.
Please offer "lite" (low cal) pizzas. When this catches on, it will spark a lite-pizza war. Remember,lite beer was a joke at 1st.
Psyched for #Bamboozle. It's gonna be unreal. Can't wait to see
ahahaha aw. Lend me em after pleasepleaseplease so I Can be healed and not have sex with non good guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#YoMommaSoFat when she fell over, she rocked herself to sleep trying to get back up again
So I need to give you this money...
I'll take y'all's word that 5mins was not accountable for. But that's precisely y twitter and blogs call it 'Fergie time'...
"It's amazing how I can pity you and hate you at the same time. I bet there's a German word for it."-Lisa
shit I been good just trying to lay low and shit maybe me you and can chill one day man hmu
if you ever watch "make it or break it" you'll see me ;)
i thought you loooOOOoooOveeed me girl
That is awesome! I'll be there to buy one for sure.
Buckeyes moving up in the rankings
Perry remembered the billions he'd cut from the Federal government. YAYYY!
“: Good training session followed by a chipotle with and and .......kind of #LeftUs”--> NOT
Good new for #Pens fans is that Crosby and Malkin did not play their best games by any stretch of the imagination.
Today makes me feel really good about working so many years at my store.
Yahoo! layin off 2,000 ppl. I hope the one's who come up w the homepage article titles go 1st. But sad for those gonna b out of a job
lol. I'll be on the lookout. what web host are you using? Thinking about getting something for my portfolio website.
Thnx for the follow. Um, I'm a hot guy.lol.If you would like to bring that attitude on a radio show,will email credentials
I will give it a try again. No bad here, my mouth just hates me and attacks me sometimes :(
Check out Preds GameDay Updates to follow tonight's game on Facebook!
AMAZING story can't wait for the next chapter!!:)
I saw your post cuz and responded :) thanks!
Five tweets to that elusive 1k number <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> 4 it!!
Deep throat time if the hour
What do the following co's have in common? P&G, GE, IBM, MTV, Fed Ex, Microsoft, CNN...they were born during recessions..
Great reception last night at the beautiful Hotel del Coronado. Thanks to all for attending.
Vinny c: what do you like in a girl?
After listening to 98.5 & WEEI, people want Adrian out of here. They want a light hearted guy with power. I think we had a guy like that...
So pumped RT:: man, this is gonna be awesome #headingoverafter and #beatsonrepeat"
really!? Who are they with?
You guys ate 70 sandwiches today. Hungry crew!
see this is why I just stick to band guys and skip all the bull shit xD
War! what is it good for? Absolutely nothing huh..... singing happily away on my way to work
#ThingsThatILike people who find something nice to say about someone rather than finding something mean to say
Wishing I was taller ):
Thanks for the RT! Will you be at #sxsw?
Laid something down real quick on tumblr foxy. Don't really know what I'm doing with this audio software, but it's somethin'.
S/O to my nf gud afternoon
Follow Us at the original Account !!!3
if Indonesia wants to ban let them .. they dont deserve a great artist like that anyway !
2012 ESBC Girls Rosters will be posted Tuesday Morning......
Look at shit through each other's eyes but don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh they can all get fucked. -Eminem
$35 ALL YOU CAN EAT AND DRINK!! Watch the Super Bowl at The Tavern Downtown and Cowboy Lounge and enjoy all you can eat of wings, pizza,...
Next school year better be > this school year
o my god my cat's ear just shocked me O.O
UCLA in week 10 (study time). NCHS has free coffee and donuts all week 10am-2pm. 6339 Bunche (behind the elevators). Come by!
ANOTHER DAY ON THE GRIND FROM SUN UP 2 SUN DOWN MY BROTHA DA EARLY BIRD GETS DA WORM BITCH IM FEEDIN U BREAKFAST
...I will change the world. Even if it means one person at a time. Chicago play exposing truths about bullying & teen suicides.
We don't use words like rad or stoked nearly enough.
(conspiracy or incompetence) it usually depends if I am the one who developed it.
LPU Breakthrough VII Puerto Rico: powering through limiting beliefs one at a time! Then we give back to the community!
Way to go #Houston #dynamo!!! First win for the first game in the new stadium!
Anytime tell me "oh hush up!" That mean she know I'm right lol
just laughed out loud. "Hi Ed! How are you??"
Glad you kept it! I've had to re-write a post w/ Wordpress before. Automatic logout victim. Back button can be helpful, too.
Everything lost isn't meant to be found
"South Carolina is where the primaries go racial." ~ Joy-Ann Reid
leadership is about igniting passion in others - are you trying to align people with your values instead of getting on board with theirs?
that is the saddest blackout story I have ever heard.
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." ~Henry David Thoreau
- i don't think he looks like him, lol. no.. not really. #yourecrazy. <U+E105>
Thanks for the prompt response. Not exactly the answer we wanted, but good to know.
BlackBerry is guaranteeing $10K revenue 2 any app that reaches $1K. If you r below $10K end of year 1, they pay u the difference.
I should give up on people outside twitter.
Take me on a trip, Id like to go some day Take to NY, Id love to see LA
I'm always amused when ppl describe people living their lives as pushing a gay agenda. I guess I push a married woman agenda
Jalen did not need to say much...Skip could not take what he dishes out
We're manifesting a kick butt DAY!
"Dissolve our broken systems with the collective cry of our lives!"
is the bestfriend ever to ..... What he did last night was just showing he had Austin's back.
haha! thanks! most of the time they don't even phase me because I'm so used to it.
I love apple
who were you workin with?
- bra you want that song you made on a MIXTAPE ?
Just signed the consent form for my index finger surgery next week. Downtime: 4-6 weeks. Thankfully my middle finger is unaffected.
Good morning #dsum12, lookin dapper. Ready for the epic finale to this event ?
re: international blogs - 1/4 of the blogs I read are international, most of them from Brazil though.
So glad you liked them. Next time I'll try and make extras for you to take home. :)
lol not you! Haha love you cambrea text me!
listening to that still. can't wait for the cd! by the way, can we still donate?
I'm soo ready! I'll definitely be there! I submitted my Q's n I'm pumped! I'll be wearing my CA hat.Omg it's gonna be like X-mas
Past Champs of the ... Notably missing is two-time "just missed" - OUCH. is just mean.
so is this King Sexicano twitter account is real?
Now following The
Congrats on the top-secret TAM webseries, can't wait to see the trailer tomorrow...
Will do...nice to talk to you as well. Hope to catch up again sometime!
might get something published LMAO
Your Best Guess: Percentage of #ToddlersandTiaras kids who will go on to be famous actresses like their moms want them to be?
jerbear is a sad bear :(
The measure of success isn’t if you have a tough problem, but whether it’s the same one you had last year. - John Foster Dulles
Yes! 37,000 words. Now I am going to play Assassin's Creed.
JaniceLachance: Lovely stay at Nottoway plantation last night. Great way to decompress from
gross there are "directioners" at school. oh god, the only songs they know are One Thing & WMYB. just leave
RT : President Obama: "National sovereignty is never a license to slaughter your people"
*sigh* Siri's the best.
yea ppl my age and younger don't know nor seem to understand how important it is
Dale Hunter out as Capitals coach.Capitals are going to let Alex Semin walk and plan to cut ties with Dennis Wideman. Changes
RT - The Miami dolphins should get some inspiration from this dolphin tale movie
Insane that there were flurries at Snoqualmie today too! it's a temperature roller coaster
NO I MISSED IT IM GOING TO DIE!!!! One Direction on SNL ... oh wait I have DVR never-mind then :)
Beat will be up within 10 minutes!!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 9
Drake & Nikki Minaj, that's right.
I do what I can.
but we have MM here:(( is that not refreshing enough for you?
Biggest fan in Arizona will be watching! Lets Go Devils : Who else is on west coast watching G5?
My heart goes out to you. Teachin' ain't easy.
Either of the ones that are still open you'd recommend more than the other? I can't even find a working phone number for Banadir.
Heading up to the mountains ..ski day for Corey ... so exited.
and this is the first time I can tweet in class without looking totally unprofessional. Thanks #ds106radio for keeping us real.
RT Perkins is gonna look hella scary with a Hannibal Lecter nose mask.
they were 8.5 but they sold yesterday! :( We have a ton of shoes though, come check em out! You'll find something you like.
Yeah you probably have an important meeting tomorrow...but just blow it off and go out tonight...
careful, fangirling-while-driving sounds dangerous!
great idea for an opt-in to be notified in advance of maintenance events. We're on it!
Question mark
Dominion Virginia crews say they are investigating cause of outage which began at approx 5am this morning. 2500 without power now.
getting subway :) want some
How is your evening at Kittichai? Are the cocktails flowing?
#ff these amazing people
follow me and ill give youu a shout put help me get to 400
Anyone looking to unload some tickets tonight? Looking for anything on the lower level
i have a headache..\:
Waiting for that call from then I'll know it's real.......Friday that is<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Welcome to my world ! Btw. I Followed Back!
Happy National Cleavage Day!!
Today's school assembly sucked...
was so ready tuhh k.... bout h..gott on dahh bus dame
i feel so singled out on this UK and US Directioners thing drama, im glad that other Directions dont have this problem
THE AVENGERS made $640 Million this weekend. I picture James Cameron telling Joss Whedon "You got the juice now."
3 important days in life: the day I was born, the day you were born, the day when "I" and "You" become "We"
#nw time travelers wife with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yeah ill lets you have te red one (:
Just taught TEI workshop at #yrlrc. It was lots of fun!
having a love affair with gray literature
i wont give up on us, even if the skies get rough
waited over a season for Avery to come back and now she's gone after two episodes. I'm really sad.
yes! why'd we go to Ripken stadium again???
that's the first example of a good girl gone bad
Just back from DC to find oil all over the garage & my car bone dry. Just 1.5 weeks after my #valvoline instant oil change! #Frustrated!
Easy, healthy breakfast for dogs- scramble an organic egg w/ cottage cheese.Serve room temp.Total nutrition & delicious www.wholepetdiet.com
#JPMORGAN where did the 2billion go we know its not in #Madoff's pockets #losses is code for embezzlement
Great! Can't wait to see them!
Well, at least I know now that my day can't possibly get any worse than 's
follow back? :) please
Aww, I was a TG for and I know the feeling.
i'm really really proud of you for putting that video together. thank you =) <3
We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project ATTEND!
Its not even fucking May in Colorado & I already need the A/C on & there are fucking flies and bees out
Boa i do not want kids. They annoyin n always. Invading my space boaa.
David Murphy making it a one run game!!
Is she retiring for one days to stand in line to buy some Air Jordons?
From you're friends in ,IL USA
conspicuous consumerism, looking younger than what u are, storing up dollars and other valuables ; in other words, pure show, superficiality
I never like the new Victoria Secret models.
I really don't wanna hear about how much you love baseball and how you were so good. You quite. Obviously you didn't and weren't very good.
Question: What will you do this week to bring you one step closer to realizing your dreams, creating your legacy, and finding #freedom?
If u ain't a real nigga - then I expect yo ass to hate!
It's crazy how life can be... At the end of the day no matter what you did or who you where we all end up the same... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Am I supposed to be taking stuff seriously right now? If so, thats not gonna happen :D
With my mom working at home and having her office next to my bedroom I'm gonna wake up most mornings hearing about bodily fluids..
what of it?
POOF Again. have a great day everyone <3
sorry for the jersey honey
Lmao!!!!!!!!!! RT Kobe's teammates shouldn't worry about getting the flu.. he probably won't pass that to them either.
Do LS's have a better schedule than US/MS?
Totally not listening to Jonas Brothers right now.
I don't even retweet! I'm a sorry excuse for a twitter user!
"The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation!! In Shaun of the dead, some survive."
i do follow you.
Hmm, I'm unsure if this the right link? I'd be interested in reading the article if you can find it!
Standing ovation for mr and mrs seau
Truly. We must celebrate AND commiserate when we're both back in town. There's a time/season for everything.
I Learned To Play 'One Thing' On The Guitar! ! :D
on my way to Chicago!
Retweet if you think JC transfers get it done at the next level!
makes sense in a must move time
have mercy. We can't hang out I'm gaining weight.
Checking in: Are you on track with your 2012 goals?
The post-movie Warning appears in 34 different languages. Man's got to know his limitations.
I need something with Buffalo sauce on it now. I don't care what it is. SOMETHING.
Thanks for the RT!
RT : I love seeing all the cool #art at my school. It's so cool that people my age made this @ Las Vegas Academy...
nice to see you here! Look forward to more of your amazing photos!
I am the first person to say jump into the pool to get used to the water. However I always go in one toe at a time. 5AM the pool calls.
Hi A! how are you? miss you tons, where you at next ?
Officially resigned from UCSD MCL yesterday - last day will be 8/20, unless I can find a way to continue doing virtual reference from Oregon
first tweet and watching harry potter will you buy my tuition to hogwarts?
send me the track!
Can you tell me what I did wrong for you to be acting like this?
RT Get Your Very Own Money Making Review Site and Start Earning Cash TODAY! - #FREE Set Up! - tinyurl.com/6zt74br
you bet we will! We're opening with C'mon DJ!
Sure hope so! RT : tex is back book it
The signature latte & mocha mexicana are 2 of the best coffee drinks in this city. You should make a point to stop in soon!
Kolb deal done time to lock up to a long term deal
doing my hw & watching a walk to remember.
"You look like you want to raise awareness for lupus today. Am I right?" -- Oh yes! I am ready!
u first pls?
no problem, there's quite a few bonavita on Twitter including cribs, vegan food, grocery store, and a high school.
thank you for that pic. We were in the front and sobbing thx for sharing
You Left The Best You Had ,
Happy December !
Hard not to raise the question of race when FL woman gets 20yr in jail for protecting herself from abusive husband.
do it sir. And congrats on the degree big guy!! Persistance truly pays off. We proud of you bro
Jameson, tears and a sin wash.
Wired Waffles wiring the campus! For when real life needs a real wake up!
2012 Resolution #6: When the heat is on, slow down in order to speed up.
I have yet to get my voxbox ):
its a Kawasaki, for dirt riding
Welcome to the twitter world, Pauly V!
I believe in fairy tales and serendipitous encounters...
I changed my number so I can have a fresh start
Any instructor interested in screen-capturing their lectures (w/audio) using Powerpoint (like a whiteboard) + a Wacom tablet, pls contact us
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Arizona Business Leaders Need To Condemn Extremism After Latest Shooting
Any #reprohealth questions for the new year about how to stay safe?
Seriously?! Snowing again in Denver. Enuf already, God.
Never noticed that. It is my favorite white.
Josh 2 more hits!
Nope, sorry
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 2
I love you <3
thank you very much!(:
people always do
Wow, I didn't mean for my costume to be that slutty
please follow me! It'd mean the world<3
baby sis I miss and u can follow my love of life
why Frank keep putting you on front street. i think u & Wanda need to rost his ass...lol
Dan - what's the best email to reach you at?
I have 1 tweet...
this isnt good
Yes! didn't expect the feeling of emptiness w/ her so far away. Glad she's there, can't wait for her to be home.
#thumbs up
At #ARLD12 having breakfast and about to start!
uhh YES. Miss you so much!!
That's fixed in Fringe. :-) It's still in production though, and rumored to get canceled fairly often.
I'm truly blessed to have the friends I have.
The world ends in 2012. False, my cheetos expire in 2013.
I went ghostin'.
working:www.myspace.com/sethnathan
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week - any #Arlington establishments offering specials/discounts for Teachers?
The picture, unless it just would have made sense if I weren't already stuck on the idea that it was a collar!
i have to get ready for school.yay.
Brainstorming for our video shoot tomorrow with ! Keep an eye out for our awesome videos...coming soon!
time to amp up my swaqq XP
I am Motorcity Cartoonist Rawfunkateer/Electric Otto! I am Detroitexploitation Cinema! I am Detroitexploitation Funk!
Okay, will do!
haha it just keeps getting better!
I did! :DD Could you please follow for me then?? He's a super great singer
lol exactly, not really mad, but gotta be upset with a hometeam loses
Hey bitch that cut me off. Your kid may be an honors student, but you're a whore.
wait , foreal ? And ooh . . the difference in time zone -_-
Who's a TRUE BELIEBER ?!?!
So many bands following me... O-O Listen to ALL the music!
D'oh! I was hoping to chat with you today at #neasist09. One of these days... Glad you enjoyed it!
finding stuff out about yourself from other people cause everyone talks behind your back.
The previews for "Sparkle" look like they show Whitney Houston at her best. I am exciting!
$3k, two pizzas, and some garlic bread
to cart but never check out
you have nothing on the line. This is what I'll deliver if your bullpen continues to be Collective Koufax.
LOL #ukropsfail MT : tell Martins employees not all 30+ women are moms & don't need to be chased thru store & wished a happy day
And yeah, Dems aren't going to switch their vote over this.
FEELS GOOD TO BE UP PRAYING WHILE MOST OF THE COUNTRY IS ASLEEP! THAT'S THE WAY TO A PRODUCTIVE AND VICTORIOUS DAY! GOD BLESS
Still Waiting .
noo i think the world want to know how we do it
It's because...I'm Dracula Bitch!
bueno, let me see if I get this bullshyt by tomorrow
I guess weather guurl --> was right about ehht being windy today lmao :b
do I get to pick the winner on Dress Like Dan Boniface Day?
Thanks Pavel, look forward to meeting you soon!
#UNM 's Washburn: 1 in 3 #Native #American women will be raped in their lifetime. Staggering number.
so happy that was finally named to the NBA All-Star Team. It's about time. #RipCity,
i think the code was select start ab LOL damn thats been 20 years ago. makes me want to go get.
when is that again? I have a wedding the 7th
Oh. maybe I have been involved, I shared the link to support SOPA on google's page
Thanks for the #FF mention! Have a great weekend :)
RT : Great catching up with today. She amazes me! See you in Dallas
Excited 4 , but I'm sad that it's the season finale. Can't believe it's over, but we're having a party 2 commemorate! :)
Just bc you're a dirty player that plays for the Celtics, doesn't mean you get the last laugh! Oh wait, yes you do. I rigged it for Boston.
it's all the same. family/friend/son/daughter/... many seek wisdom with no love for it, just the power it grants
Happy easter to the whole world
champagne cocktails, "Breakfast at Tiffany's", and "Some Like it Hot" a fun night in with my girl Julia!
Thanks for the props! Be sure to tell your friends!
since he was to chicken to be in the room with me when i had my c-section
Good luck tonite fella ! Please please please BEAT THE cHEAT !!!
That's a wrap! Thanks !
How can we promote the incentives for data management?
A girl is complicated
it was actually.. thanks to my Creaclip purchase :D
I'll reserve judgement until the MSG renovations are complete. They're building a glass walkway over the court...
Going to be on VoiceBox KALW 91.7 w/ playing some of my favorite female vocalists of the Bay Area Friday night
420 is okay, but I'm more like 24-7. Wake and Bake fools!
At the APG Round Table
Dude it's the display. It's all about the display.
Got an invite from a fellow writer to join his posse on the lead boat for the lighted boat parade tomorrow night. Can't wait!
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>to a speedy recovery my dude.
Nope Cutch was out. Wow, crazy these umps make these calls in real-time when it looks so close in slow-motion
When does Roger Federer play in Italy? Do you know the time in States?
Mayor Taking New Step on Smoking Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to propose legislation that would require residential buildings to adopt w
because we didnt hang out before I left and you haven't texted me!
I don't get it what is with all the extra stuff in peoples tweets?
things are going great! Thanks for asking! How are things with you?
#nccetl process for policy doesn't keep up with how fast world is changing
well, i'm certainly getting my fill of thunderstorms during my visit to oklahoma. however, the golf ball sized hail? do not want.
BTW, have you given more thought on your 30th adventure?
A professional locksmith will be able to pick the lock on your door without causing any damage to the lock itself,
lots of talent in those tiny little hands!
Hey there Lulu! Great photos btw
What's better Blow, Casino, Goodfellas, or Scarface
dang i still cant believe this gossip they put out about u keep doin u my nigga
Yes! RT : Just got some awesome stuff from Nate Robinson and Isaiah Thomas for our Portage Bay Cafe Fundraiser! Yay!
Secretary of State. I am a bit disappointed that he came out for Romney at the git-go.
smh, I give up on this one, too tired
Webster University Albuquerque is closed today due to weather conditions. Safety first.
I reiterate my need for a masseuse or someone with a bottomless well of painkillers. Until then I have 1 spot in bed I ain't moving from.
I got chu
come to our cafe for Italian paninis and coffee. We are near 101 Stewart (at 1st Ave) We're here til 4p
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.Anonymous
I just want to go home and sleep.
#IfOnlyICould call you mine.
Thanks Al, do you know if or if not, Obamacare was funded?
Thanks for the follow guys! You do rock!
Spent 30 min trouble shooting a template inheritance problem only to realize I created the page with the wrong template
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened. - Michel de Montaigne
we have the best guests ever! :)
A life making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing at all.
it's ok. And good idea
I'm not big on drinks or cigars. A large dinner is more my speed! Newspaper articles about me confirm--I'm a foodie.
Why Females think just because they broke up wit they dude over something then turn Lesbian gone change how her relationships once was?
When in Rome...
More keywords....
-- Buddhist service / the butterfly too / voiceless #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
as much as you'd like. I'd love to get your input!
Deadly debris, like ghostly death shrouds killing unseen in the dark depths.
OMG like you see it? Be safe!!!
:O MATT, HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT!! I KNOW I'M COOLER THAN THAT MATT!!!
are you taking Travis County Commissioner questions? thanks
loving the weather!!! going to be a good day!
Pain is temporary but a P.R. on race day is forever... Until you break it again! La Jolla Half Mar. Victory!
I totally agree. I'm bummed that our session (104) competes w/ 's -- really wanted to attend it.
I think the coolest feature is the when you drag the windows to the side. It's so nifty
These ain't jokes! Just watch, when we win, I'ma tweet you everyday rubbing it in <f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Hey...Baby that's life!!!!
and have fun on !! Don't die but please
sorry I couldn't make the Data Science meetup - was busy with FIRST Robotics judging duties. Are slides available?
Happy birthday Twitter- u started at #SXSW in 2007 and have grown up so fast!
I should probably get some sleep. Have to be at the airport at 5:30am! #newyork here we come!
I can't wait til Saturday tho (':
#whatif we spent as much energy defending our "enemies" from unfair attacks as we do our allies?
Do you know anyone who actually does Whoonga? Is there a street trade in retrovirals, or is it just smoking whatever you can find?
We are human beings beyond our professions. We need to reach out versus just responding. Cavender
Have a question about your landscape? I can't possibly charge for Q & A! Spread the word, free answers, always!
I need to know where to send the book so message me your address, bozo! ;)
Max Lieberman, I started as Technology Coordinator in February. Hope to tweet some of our own upcoming summer workshops too!
when you get to austin get tacos at torchys it will erase the the awful thoughts of I-35.
So, no pants, but the whole nine yards from the neck up? Cane or no?
That awkward moment when you're talking to yourself and start to smile like an idiot, because you're so hilarious.
sun burns on your a$$ are no fun ! i can't walk or sit like a normal person right now ...
Texting and driving are two attention grabbing tasks, don't text n drive; the life you safe could be yours or that of another.
#quitterconf friends: I am so excited where my life is heading. Thankful for the 1st conference. Never dreamed, dream would begin so soon!
Great bounce back win by the #CUSE tonight. Still hard to believe we dropped all the way to numbr 4 though. Nice W either way
Rant about stemcells.
Like it!
Someone DM'd & made my day by saying that my positive attitude is infectious & they found themselves smiling as they were reading my blog :)
I think I'm officially burnt out on school!
Brainstorming bars for a NYC literary pub crawl... any suggestions?
little bit tougher... but he WAS going up against bosh and haslem... but he had to get tougher
Today marks Satori World Medical’s 3rd anniversary! Thank you from all of us at Satori for your continued support!
Chocolate ice cream looks like poop
Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall - but don't rush to pick him up either.-Proverb
Canon t2i... I must have you
Roses are red, violets are blue, believe Gaga will follow, cause dreams do come true.
um where r u??? I'm headed to meet gabe now!
I don't think you actually like coffee if your order can't be contained in a tweet.
I HATE the Yankees, but if you don't feel for Mariano Rivera, you have no soul.
Great to have your follows. Appreciate it:
I have put everything in Tupperware to protect from the ants....time for bed..if anyone needs me I'll be curled up in a plastic storage tub!
been celebrating my Birthday and working. :-) What's new with you?
thanks for letting your followers know about it.. pic came from www.pdxhistory.com definitely worth a look!
RT : Digital formatting can play havoc on poetry, where formatting is everything. #tocchicago”
No problem. Good to meet you!
Booty shorts Dx
Join us May 1st for an event benefiting #LLS!
Lol ive had discussions about this topic on a bronx tale: ur only allowed three great women in ur lifetime- i thinks its ur mother, wife, &
Watch the "spokesman for the great wholesome majority of American teenagers" in this clip about Dick Clark. Was he the antithesis of...
UPS just delivered my beautiful Native American flute. Time to compose that melody for my Potawatomi song!
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick was named the NFL Comeback Player of the Year by the Associated Press. BOW WOW?
oh the flowers lol
I was he'd make up his mind please don't lead me along
We have a great group for the Movement Workshop this morning!
will be downtown 2nite for a lil' bit. :-)
same colors. Both great parks. Both close to water.
#GoTribe Hopefully D Lowe can pitch like he did last week
Witness Protection Program? Is that why I'm in Carrollton?
Just looked in fridge and realized I could have made my own egg and cheese this AM. But that's not the NYC way, kid.
Avila a little lazy there these little things add up to loses
Trot is a great baseball name. Sounds a baseball name out of the 20s.
As a member of the 1998 #Padres after a W.S. sweep by the #Yankees. Ron Ron : "I thought we did OK."
stay strong <3
I'm having trouble viewing images on your site. Never had this issue before. (I'm running Chrome on a PC, if that matters.)
Dip, Murray isn't fat.
actually I'm at home...almost got me though... Speaking of that. Do your best Jagger :]
Electrifying tidbit in legacy fa: Many poor women do not want their children but luckily they were able to purchase one of the babies for $2
Rwanda coffee is out in full force. Anyone have a favorite thus far?
I'm glad he did a deeper cut too, not Crash or a radio hit. He is a DM clone, but ridic talented!
MSFT "zuned" themselves by being years late to the party. WP will do it again. Ok products, way late.
I really gotta start packing cuz Friday gonna b here fast
I might not be perfect, but I'm focusing on living my values every day.
is there a signing here or something what the hell are you guys doing here
There is only one success, to be able to spend your life in your own way. ~ Christopher Morley
The Five is discussing Jonah Goldberg calling people idiots, so I can only assume I am dead and am now in hell.
Oh no! Were you able to get in touch with someone to help you at the store?
yeah and well whenever I got bored, i'd go 10 secs! I love fighting. what can I say :p
I prefer Carson Daly's New Years Eve show to Ryan Seacrest's.
Got home super late from soccer...
on the computer right now
My goal in life is to eventually role over and die. I aim to perfect that.
Anytime man. Go get 'em tonight! Will be listening in of course. Rock on bud!
Soul meets soul on lovers' lips. ~Percy Bysshe Shelley ~
God is good!
Seager deserves "Night Moves" or "Turn the Page" for his Safeco ABs. AND HE BETTER. (yes, I know Bob's is spelled different)
painfully sleepy, but it's moving-cleaning-packing-working day
8283: You're really pretty(: And you seem really nice!
Thanks for the follow Ann. Look forward to reading more about your traveling experiences!
Ooh, this train conductor's got an attitude. She might even be more bitchy than me.
listening to Italian music while packing.
I've gotta check this thing out.
where are you? I'm dying a slow death in 138
Come to tonite @ 7pm for Karaoke and Spoken Word.. Amateurs encouraged! 1287-D Glenwood Ave. #ATLANTA!
:) Glad I could brighten your day.
oh really
what boyz follow you doe
back to class in the morning...
“: Anything interesting?” it's raining...does that count?
Isn't it good that married people's marital goals are not about convincing anyone other than their spouse.
when I heard thy weren't starting Tebow the gate I was like that's stupid dude gots skills.
shit chillin making money same as always
CONGRATULATIONS to on winning the #Lisagor :)!
Everyone is getting sick with this weather! Feel better CLE & bring back the sunshine!!
Thanks! Stay tuned, it's coming on Friday!
RT A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way. ~ Mark Twain
they're all close, but I was very surprised how good franceour was. I believe he lead the league in assist
Time Warner Cable is looking to add local stations to its iPad app that would enable customers to watch broadcast shows on their tablet dev…
Feeling inspired. I need my keyboard in front of me.
if landlords allow padlocks. Fire hazard/safety liability because someone can lock you in
I'm plotting, PLOTTING, I tell you!! Fingers crossed that I can see it 12/01...
Today in 1999, 'Looking Forward', by Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, is released. A major CSNY tour follows in 2000.
We don't need a #CIA. We need honorable conduct and accountability. Secrecy is dragging our economy and diplomacy down.
I'm putting out a new mixtape tomorrow, called The Sepulveda Chronicles, I'd appreciate everyone's support!!!
Good times and a great show last night!! Thanks for comin out metalheads!!!
whats a good online store for bathing suits
I saw her there yesterday! really working for her money!
my entire timeline is people talking about A Year in the Making. hahaha.
Happy Hour 3-7.. Get $1 Domestic Mugs.. $3 Well Drinks.. And $1 off all Drafts..
Right? I don't find the idea of digital scrapbooking at all alluring.
Z goodnight y'all!!!
When my mom calls the house phone & asks if I'm home. No mom, I'm at a strip club. -.-
DJ Harsh has signed on to be our featured DJ at our upcoming EPA Chicago Event event featuring Shadoan Productions!
I wish I was off right now bc this pollen is killing me
Well a week in Cabo San Lucas was just what I needed! Now back to reality ;)
Wondering where the next Cube session will be EMC World, CloudExpo or Info360 perhaps?
I had a good time with my beautiful niece at the father daughter dance.
#FF n #TheSecretCircle as we hope they bring it back for season 2!
yeah and then when some make need picks, they pick guys that aren't even close to being best available at their position
Libguides and surveys and exhibits, oh my!
individuality>all
Look for all the amazing vendors working show on March 27th!!! Check out the tunnel of love!
in Tosa a bit disastrous today. Out of food, store a mess, waited too long for food that wasn't well-made. What happened?
Would love to see a Giants/49ers NFC Championship game.
is almost an hour late picking me up for the airport. And so begins #sundance 2012.
do you know of any dragons that have written autobiographies? Specifically komodo dragons?
Thank you! And hey: I haven't had anything coherent to say publicly in months. So, you know. Trade-offs. :)
How Madison can play the piano.
what's a gaff?..
“: night-night twitter!” "Right behind ya, though should've been in front"!
HOLY SWEET MOTHER OF GOODNESS! LESS THAN 2 HOURS TILL MY WORLD 2.0! :D
RT : Phil in the last group Thursday (1:53 pm). Paired with Hunter Mahan and Peter Hanson. Solid group.
According to the Journal of Immunology, caring for a loved one with Alzheimer’s can cut a #caregivers life short by as much as 8 years
Looking to a big day today Valentines days luck !!!
Amazing! Glad you enjoyed, sorry about Thursday :)
Thank you!! How was your show? Sorry I couldn't make it! ^E
FUCK EVERYBODY is how i feel right now. 3 more weeks and I'm out of here <U+270C>
Get your jam on tonight as comes stops by to do what they do….make you feel good all over!
Pet peeve: people who say "Santa Clause" when not referring to the 1994 Tim Allen movie.
Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking. — Chris Pullman
Plane/Train tickets at the last minute. How I roll.
Talks discussing font and mise-en-page as evidence should include images, no?
Happy birthday We hope your day was filled lots of love and lots of baked goods. Hope you have a great rest of the day!
only time I heard the word chubby in a scouting report was when felton was coming to PDX
At the meeting Clavin Harris tonight! It's gonna be sick!
There are three kinds of people in the world: the wills, the won'ts and the can'ts.
back at ya bud...now you have come out here
LAX to JFK. Thanks for a pleasant flight , but I can't wait to be back in NYC.
Warm nights = night biking + bug teeth
how r u?
Best Animated Short Film goes to Fantastic Flying Books :)
THANKS! It's so annoying when people tell me this, because THEY'RE the dumb ones! & this is how I feel w/freshman in AP Euro!
Forgot to ask you about the puppy! Hope she is well.
One week until #seattle ....can't wait for a well needed vacation with my love
It's a total eclipse Celebrity sighting! Just passed Dan of
Now stop drop and roll Justin Bieber is on fire;) Shawty Mane
I'm in love with a kid who Loves Candles,Eats Goldfish,Loves Dancing, & likes to ride Tricycles in Walmart
that looks rather...dystopian.
LOL! You know I will save this pic and tweet it out everyday!
Why does Former Ut Gov Huntsman speaks much trash about GOP off camera but gets ' mealy mouth ' on Mornin Joe before TV cams?
She act interested in the game for me.
I'm ready for some #FSU football.
I'd love to be in films that are just so far removed from every day life. James Cameron, call me!
WOW! The photos are incredible! We were so happy to have y'all—glad to see it was a good time!
Loving cartoon Fridays and #fridayreads great week with #friends, #family and a super duper kid xoxo
honestly when i saw it flash on my espn bottom line i thought it was a type-o but thats the genious of andy reid lmao
THANKS GUYS FOR 800 FOLLWERS. LOVE YOU ALL. <3
Now there's a crow near the dead bird and it's spouse. I don't like the looks of this.
Thanks for the follow! Now how do we let people know about Loop through your fantastic search tool?
I just felt like another hashtag was needed. lol
Cook pasta 1 minute less than the package instructions and cook it the rest of the way in the pan with sauce.Mario Batali Iron Chef America
We'll announce the winner of a free day in an Audi tmrw. Any more PDX Zipsters out there w/a haiku for their fave Zipcar Audi?
Thx for the RT and the kind words :) The staff and I will be back at it tmrw in the a.m. so stay tuned
If I get one thing accomplished today, I will consider today a success. Also miraculous.
good looking fam.
Keep feedback directed to what needs to be done to make it better next time
let me here it first!
Hahahaha! I love that part! "Chewbacca masks!" :D
Wine is buy one get one for 10 cents at safeway. I love being an "adult"
Has anyone ever called you Mr.Witzigreuter? I wanna know!
Trav likes slapping my ass in public.
Thanks for that follow bro. I know we're friends!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay no thank you, i would not like a free hedgehog.
OH MY GOD. I just read your Larry one shot thing and I was CRYING. magical<U+2665>
Re: Obesity- See Bonnie looses 90 lbs, finds life and runs a marathon. I chose to break the cycle.
The coolest invention for your drink since ice! (pun intended)
Will s one more thing announcement be an #itv? Doubt it, but it'd be cool if it was.
I don't think I do.
Eating pizza at Beverly Center next to Scott what's his name music producer in recent financial trouble. Seems nice enough.
The Even Stevens Movie...i knew it'd be trending :,)
Effectiveness is the balance between planning and execution. With too much of either one, you won't accomplish much.
With handling image download after shooting Richard Chai
What did you ask? because I said tour and then ricky was making fun of me saying it.
hey any reason to visit DET
I've been away too long! Getting ready for NZ vacay, fall arrivals, office move.
Glad you could make it! RT : Thank you for organizing such a great event last night!
Might have been his ancestors, can't recall.
Working some wetlands rehab today and Swop Shop with the kids. Today will give my germaphobia a run for its money! I love South Africa!
announcements coming in next few weeks!
it's just for college orientation
the awkward moment when i wish you didnt have my tweets sent to your phone. im embarressed.
You may be an appropriate candidate for hair restoration surgery as well
Does anyone want to help me carry 120 liters of paint?
I'd love to see Carmelo post up a lot deeper...like on the block or right above. He catches the ball way too far out.
My blog is part entertainment part insight. I like to think i know the game of football and hockey. We try to give the people what they want
The law seemed to have been written by chavistas to cover their backs, and so far, has +/ double '"justified" killings' in FL.
The worst thing is when you realize how little someone actually needs you in their life
Loving her
RT : sometimes there are things you just shouldn't google. //And certain sporting goods stores my Catholic mom shouldn't google
Thanks for the RT, ! We'll have the new stamps in your store by the end of the week!
I <3 film festivals. Having a great time at Indie Spirit Film Festival as a filmmaker!!!
Okay!! Tweet me a <3 If I'm cute. Tweet me a -.- If I annoy you Tweet me a :) If we're friends Tweet me a :3 if you LOVE me to death. GO!
twiiter is a bit strange I do not really get it either
I so wanted Dallas to win! :(
would love you to have you come by and check out our selection!
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply
Thanks for following all
Hey twitter world. How's life treatin' y'all?
House holding moment of silence for Don Payne
you started school already ?
RT : Transgender folks may identify as heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, pansexual, polysexual, or asexual www.tgguide.com
Hopefully at the end of pneumonia and an ear infection that's rendered me nearly deaf in my right ear. Not hearing everything ain't all bad!
somehow i don't believe that. on a different note, catch up phone call soon please?
Skye's favorite Christmas song is the barking dogs jingle bells, she crawls and barks it's awesome
it's amazing how much confidence can be generated from the purchase of a decent fitting bra not bought from the sales items at Target.
you smell so good I'm going to lick your skin off.
Really?? Rain all weekend?? I hope Salt Lake side is sunny so I can go swimming!!
I had no idea Jasmine V's mom was like that tbh :/
snow... where did you come from???
56 pitches in the 2nd inning?
Houston rocks... How y'all living down there? Just hung w Mei for NYE
Does any other mom of two boys confuse their clothes, how does 6 months= 2 years when folding?
Damn is sexy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Ha ha, I like sneaking things like that into my byline. Glad you found it and enjoyed it.
You're not going to use that old 'For Rent' sign like your grandparents did back in the day. Are you?
Is there a Masters Limited Edition version of Biom coming out?
Looking forward to Crosby explaining to Pens fans why "the best team in hockey" goes home this week.
How could I ever cheat on you? And a surprise will be coming your way <U+E112>
Got Nerlens! Go Cats baby!!
You would vow to quit playing golf while in office?
I saw these!! Lol what's up with Louis and zayn's hair<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I wish god would remove all the front teeth of my enemies so by their smile i shall know them
Tomorrow night, join us at Outdoor Divas on Pearl for some great cooking lessons with 10% of your purchases going towards an OB scholarship.
All clear so far one of MPD's finest walking with us.
actually its two squirrels. Or website www.wherethehottiesat.com
I made that one up off the cuff. Pretty good huh? haha!
I always have done
I feel like an old man. I still the the CJ delivered everyday. I'm old school like that.
21 c family? DC Metro @ CP: Both parents on Blackberries and 2 yr old in stroller playing on his iPhone 4
Beerie O's good 2 eat..
it is indeed.
everyone follow
I'm a sucks for a female that wear clogs and tattoos on her thighs
Men fart an average of 17 times a day, and women fart an average of 9 times a day
I love the way Ari handles hate. She just laughs and comes up with jokes. She makes the haters look pathetic.
it sure is, let's take advantage of this moment to blog, respond, anywhere and everywhere we can! We can come right back at em!
no problem! And once you have a resume you can get an agent, they find auditions for you so your chances of getting
we will! hey what is your number? :)
Loving your backyard!!! :)) hugs girly!!
What a gorgeous day it is going to be! Crazy that it's technically still winter & temps are in the upper 70s. Loving this no tights weather
In the Costa Mesa Comedy Competition tonight, come on out OC peeps. Westside Bar and Grill 8:30pm.
God did away with all my fear. It was time for someone to stand up or in my case, sit down. So I refused to move~BAMM.
Omg lam lam dancing is so cute
who knows When will give him that extension he deserves before he pulls a lance briggs
Alexis is serenading me. His voice is actually pretty good!
Live tweeting from my temp job desk! The barely audible fleetwood mac on a the radio is keeping me going through these doldrums for now.
We're close friends & associates. You can bet we'll all be crossing paths soon. Creating the super-team!
Only broke ass people takes pics of money & post it on facebook...I know, cuz I just posted one lol
When I talked to a school official at UH and mentioned economic hardships and such, was told they could not help. No money no more school
Sorry i havent posted in so long ive been on vacation out of the country. Hit me up and lets talk business. 818 661 8712
My pleasure! :-)
Love all the #spottheshuttle photos. Great addition to memories of seeing Discovery close up last summer.
Who else is going to the Montgomery Street Fair today?
Its online only. :))
saggin pants... No swag
Hey #swsea11 teams: Are you still up? Are you still working? If so, where?
I've always considered it a hammock.
i saved the text she sent me cause it mean a lot to me <U+2665>
but it's still cute lol
My bed is so comfy
Listen more, talk less
Thierry Henry is just gross lol
Going to church
Go to my reverb and listen to Just Wanna Be and Problem
loved your look tonight on #E!News amaze balls!
First and last exam tomorrow
Yeah tomorrow night my man!
Been in Milledgeville for under twenty four hours and I already feel like I have scurvy
I am an award winning author of historical fiction. I present at writer's conferences. Who would I contact? Thanks Ellen Brazer
what are you talking about
Wow! Cinco de Mayo is on a Saturday...Trillist just sent me a Cinco Bunch alert...oh, it's going to be ugly & wonderful at the same time!
Love the throat coat! I'm not a tea drinker & it's on the short list of ones I'll drink when not sick.
Thank you so much! RT : #FF great organization for all Nevada Museums:
Just watched 'The Lincoln Lawyer', a must see.
I hate my life :\ I want to be anyone else .
caprese salad with locally grown basil & tomatoes oh so good.
OH: "that's a nice yarder" by my girlfriend while watching
and you my friend!
The next level in music is music!!! Learn to play somethin!!
Still contemplating the library job situation in Pittsburgh and wondering if I should prepare to set up a second household somewhere else.
I'm working out of 30 Rock tonight. I think I just scared the entire 4th floor with my laugh at that. SPORTS!
early bird gets the worm.... since i waited thinking the stadium would accommodate a ton of fans, i missed out on the #LoyHopkins game
Real love NEVER DIES!!
Open Saturdays! Need a Make Over!! Great Cuts UpDos $75 #Weave #oakland #uptown #salon #barber 1738Telegraph 5108321100 Walkins R Welcomed!
Just watched #ChristmasVacation Even more entertaining with age!
This lady is changing her toddlers diaper in the bus. Wtf super fucken gross.
King james U16 in championship of platinum bracket
that's the truth
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!
Third week third Friday... No Ustream again today. . .
Today would be a good day to take up smoking.
Your hand explosion in the teaser is key to the entire RHYTHM of the thing. Great working!
Please check out my shop! xo
#whattoeat a peanut butter sandwich or tuna hmm decisions decisions
Its never too early! RT : Is it too early for a brat? I need to pace myself, and there is plenty to do.
“: Girls that touch and hang off their boyfriends constantly annoy me ” yes wtf?!? Insecure much?
Going over the pictures I took today of Bart... They are pretth good. :D
I'm still tripping off of #oomf, that was hilarious! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Good day peeps! #DTHR Jumping on late!
i saw the video of you talking about your gym! cool stuff i can tell u leaned up
It's almost like state fair food. lol And I didn't intend to like it---I was just being adventurous.
omg my medical excuse note isnt gonna work WHY DOES THIS SCHOOL WANT ME TO STAY SO BAD UGH FML
NEW FRESH FROSTY NUGPORN DANK IN, GOING FAST: Bella Romulan, X OG! Full menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com. Have a Happy Friday!!! ;)
My sisters are so annoying -___-
Cigaretts and jack dill, last night was mad rill
Going to the store? Need chips? Get breetos.
Taming my inbox. Emails be organized! *waves magic wand*
TO ALL: I AM ABSOLUTELY NOT UNFOLLOWING YOU--ACCOUNTS DISAPPEARING FROM MY TWITTER ACCT.!!!
I'm actually waiting for you to decide on the vacuum. Ours just broke and I also am obsessively researching.
Yay! There will be pics when it's all done, right?
thank you so much! I'm Going to need it haha & I hope you get to experience it as well!
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mom's! Jah bless!
SAP HANA Versus Oracle: Scenes From the Database Wars - Midsize Insider
come on turkey is always number one. Then Mashed potatoes. Stuffing. Biscuits. Chocolate pie.
this is tylers sister right now! never knew my brother had a twitter, so i'm just gonna mess it all up :)
Anyone on Twitter grew up listening to King Tee, DJ Quik, Digital Underground, Tela, Goodie Mob, and The Poison Clan?!
Mr Kenny has had too much Christmas cake
Honestly I just don't care...
Nearly 80% of all child welfare cases are due to neglect. Join us in praying on Blue Sunday, April 29th.
oh, how original
Good Information, Thanks!
Working from home really is fantastic. Oh, how I missed it last month.
#ThingsThatShouldBeBanned Preteen girls in shorts that say Juicy or pink.
You're GAY ;p
I hate how i wanna go to my best friends grandmothers funeral on friday morning but my parents dont want me too
When the music changes, so does the dance
Had two fab gym workouts today. Ardys- see you at the salon tomorrow to get my beauty fix on! Goin out this wknd! Hook me up girlfriend! :))
Native don't want it
Thanks to all of you that came out to visit with us at the Albuquerque Home Expo at the fair grounds. Great show!!!!! TheBlindManNM.com
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
Chelsea Handler in a movie = automatic not ever seeing it. Ever.
tomorrow or Thursday? Haha
Did you know Honduras was the murder capitol of the world?
going off le computer for like an hour. if you happen to fall asleep i wish you a goodnight and hope that tomorrow is a good day c:
lol @ Stay-At-Home-Spouse I knew u would be working from home before 30.
We're looking to do a show in NYC this summer. Anybody know of any good bands to try and book a show with out there?
ok cool
What the hell is minaj wearing
Sorry to see that I misspelled the name of Restaurante #d'Berto in O Grove, Galicia. Enough Twitter, back to vacation now. On to Baiona.
": Im passionate about my paper-" ... U in H-TOWN DAWG
Apparently I was more outdoorsy than I thought this year. Thanks to I've got a good #reidiv to spend. Running gear it is!
Went to a bar with friends to watch BBall and eat fish tacos. It's karaoke night. Requirements: Being tone deaf and shameless.
Follow back?(:
I remember years ago Hopslam would be available for a few months in Pittsburgh. Now I am on 4 waiting lists for a case
not tired at all. Fantabulous mood <3
moving does suck especially when u live on the 3rd floor!
Austin Rivers 2012 #NBA Draft Pick? Brandon Roy Esque?
I wish i was in the valley of a mountain surrounded by nature right now.
ahw thats good :) and yeah i bet! but the idiots rescheduled me for 2:30! so im not going to my aunts till next sunday!
Being sick in May.
Lionel Hollins looks weird in his suit tonight. Either his head needs to get bigger, or his shoulders need to get smaller.
They're seeking public input about the color. Make your voice heard!
I could find you! Cause you changed ur name! Hahah deff not chop liver, more like filet ;)
2 hours in and I haven't had a "That was an amazing performance" moment.
Are you UStreaming? How can I find you on there?
Hacked by love kendork hahaha loser
Hi i think your an amazing and beautiful person and I hope someday I could meet you, you should come to Louisville Kentucky
cause of him I bet..it's always the person at home lol and i'm not in architecture anymore I'm tryin to go into communications
Whatup my peeps
damn,damn,damn
#Happy420 what would my coworkers think if I brought some brownies. ;)
Choose only one master - Nature.
your uniform! Bitch
Remember her raspy breathing & they didn't edit it out every time she would breathe. It was obnoxious.
RT Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. - Henry Ward Beecher
Working on new recipes that make your mouth water! Stay tuned for the launch of our Artisan line of e-Liquids coming soon! www.genxvapor.com
Hey Kyle - finally a sunny day in Venice Beach. Will you be watching the Champions League match anywhere in the area?
Shows a protest vote going on among NH Dems
And punk'd tonight too yeah I love JB forever!!!
Once in awhile, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale. Night!
The need to make marshmallows is much more pressing for me than the need to make sausage. Though, I do want to make sausage.
Only the strong survive.
Toasting to The Greatest of Mysteries...
love it!! I couldn't sleep and my brother either he had to wake up at 3am and go to work.
I realized why my Audi Q7 doesn't have a trip computer...17 MPG. Ouch.
I can walk, but I will crawl there.
RT Once you have feelings for someone, it will always be there. You may not like them anymore, but you still care.
thanks for the shoutout
How many lifetimes do you guys have? Didn't you just have one of these Saturday?
its a called Facebook use it.
“: FOOLLOW ME PLIZ” I'm following you now, pretty!
Artists for Animals auction November 2011
what's going on? :/
try singing it in Spanish. Don't think you've done that before.
I'm in the library all day :/
I went to Z-Best for the first time today! 's mom is hilarious!
Man, i hope you aren't shooting Hornitos, though i am willing to pull you out of a ditch off san leandro street
Thanks Mellisa let me know what you think when you do!
Ickle me, Pickle me, Tickle me too.
Are peple just realizing we don't a line up like Texas'? They are the closest to a "perfect line up" you can get
You are my hiding place; you will protect me from trouble and surround me with songs of deliverance. (Psalm 32:7-8)
Headed to #Florida on brief vacation. Might try to catch #selmatomontgomerymarch for photos.
The lady in the football jersey was giving it to Erickson. Said what they did to Paterno was unconscionable (sp?)
Music and DJ is jammin' Party
Falling asleep with Blink 182 in my ears tonight :)
Great day! Can't wait to see my boy tomorrow! Text it up :D
Military to seduce Le Pen voters Iran unlikely to oversee bribery probe Exclusive: North Korea's nuclear drones
See I had to remind you.. the hard way. :)
I've never seen him play hard, good riddance
Right now we're taking calls on the single life w/, BG love advice columnist & author of The Singles at 1-877-301-8970!
f..k crazy
ok :)) then again I suck at guessing. so :D use ur math skills xD
i know right i luv my city
Don't. The fact that you feel like shit is a *good* sign. We've all been frustrated with our kids. You ok?
Now that I've done the #20ThingsAboutMe I think I should go to sleep :)
Fat Patty's is so good..
Just came back from the Chiro...feels so good to be an inch taller than when I went in.
Theres a whole in my heart where you used to be
FB, Twitter, Pinterest, email, website - lots of places | RT : Q4: How do you promote your blog posts?
Phrase I just read in a news story: "Rumors have pointed to ..."
I love the fact that my neighbors decided to mow their lawn right when I start working on stuff. Thanks neighbors, I appreciate the help.
I love "pyro" off of that album.. listened to it about a million times I think
Just assimilate and accept your brave new world, already.
WOW didn't think that Texas couple could look worse then they did the other night. I was wrong. Apology really? A****les
Played my last undergrad performances with the Gretsch Guitar Ensemble and Elmhurst College Jazz Lab band last night.
In the Moorland Spingarn Research Center, filling in on a Southern inclusive pre-60s labor-oriented youth movement. #SNYC, not SNCC.
Thanks for the Tweet love Jered! Best Tweet I've seen all day. Happy to hear you love our app.
It's tricky, When the name is at the beginning of the tweet, I consider it akin to an unspoken phone number or something.
JUSTIN BIEBER<33333333
#thingsithinkaboutwhiletextingyou ohh wait I don't have your number
Hoping to make a 10 year old, U.S. Airways fan very happy tomorrow!
have fun sweetie cause I'm finna get fucked up 2nite & 2morrow
Last day at my office job! I'm going to miss you, endlessquantitiesofteasididnthavetopayfor. Bye!!!
do you actually get stickers? Is it free?
Damn Miami Vice (the movie) is on. Just threw a loop into my Caps/Lakers rotation I have going on. Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxx=badass
Can only imagine if with Lucroy RT : In 26 1/3 innings,Wolf has allowed 38 hits and 12 walks. Way, way too many base runners.
thanks to you both. Great job!
I can confidently say the same thing.
you're staying til thurs no?
Sorry Tony, can't resist: We'll ALL be sweating when we realize what a WASTEFUL #boondoggle the folly-trolley is. #youvoted!
New ProQuest overview: everyone wants CSA back.
: Sweet. New perk of the new account: make my friends think I'm trolling. Haha!
Can't wait for shorts, flip flops, swimsuits, parties and bonfires
yeah, wish you could have made it out. Next year though!
OK I need a drank now, she got her lover in a 2x8 closet. The husband dumb. Now you not know somebody in your house?
I don't know? What? RT : What in God's name just happened in Cleveland?
Almost done wit my daughters prom dress for her 8th grade prom..
Hey North Korea. Quit focusing on your failed rocket and worry about bringing back home.
New M. Ward record WANT
Merry Christmas everybody
Good morning friends
Let's go Heat. Daaa-Le que tu puedes!!!!
I texted you a LONG paragraph and you reply with: "oh lol" Why dont you get hit by a train and I'll be like "oh lol'.
Up early today for my shoot with the amazing Bjoern Kommerell!
When people yawn, do deaf people think their screaming?;o
Dude, why is Nike making shoes that look like snake skin ?!?! aaaahhhhh creeps me out!
Watching a dvd and the trailers are Jonah Hex, Nightmare on Elm Street and a lame Lost Boys sequel. When are we gonna get some new ideas?
:) RT : Another sign summer is almost here, Buckingham Fountain is officially turned on for it's 85th season today!
...and by study you mean program your calculator amright?
Reading my own poetry is weird. I kinda don't like it.
I haven't seen this much red since the Christmas episode of American Dad. Seriously, seriously dark and bloody.
Quest for Quality please visit page and click on like!!!
Had an amazing time hanging out with Andrea Lacson!!!!!!!
Heard someone using a dial up. Isn't that strange?
Idk when to get a job...
As of right now, we expect all performances of Wicked to go on as scheduled. For updates visit www.popejoypresents.com
Going out with 18 other girls tonight to celebrate the soon-to-be- Mrs. Culver. Columbus, you are about to be owned.
whoops, totally didn't write it correctly on my phone...
“: I'm trying to bring out the best in you”
Red Cox lead 4-3 -__- Still early though.
*hugs* and sympathy from here. May the little darlings not be too hyped from presents and candy.
“: Make sure you are building sociability into your applications. - #idea10”
I wanna see this so bad! Loved the movie!
GOP controls congress with the Filibuster, the minority controls the majority...
Excited to begin my new journey as assistant wbb coach at Cleveland State University! So many great ppl to thank
"we dont care that Chris Bosh is gone" -everyone on the Miami Heat right now
Pretty sure I came back from spring break even whiter than before...
I'm still stoked from the outcome of the Lakers & Spurs game.
Studying for my license renewal! These q's are tricky!
Red Corolla with paint coming off and an empty egg container.
we just met at #obscuraday at Arclight. I know that I know you from the twitters, but maybe from a THATCamp too?
I think it depends on your ability to gauge interest or lack thereof and go from there
Tyler to his mom: "You want to try mopping?"
you just want to live four more years within walking distance of a Dunkin Donuts
Setting up at MOTR right now!
Just keeping you on your toes!
I hope you are keeping company while everyone is gone in Italy. You both are the ultimate
Heck Yeah!!
Thanks to the North Shore Connector, the T is harder to catch than ever before. Now, even more delays?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think
"To thine own self be true". That Uranus. I should know. Im an Aquarian :)
Gonna go chill with the boys.
you too! Yay team!
I fucked this white girl who got a pink range and She drives fast in a slow lane. She got a neck tattoo and All her clothes are new<3
RT : Michael Jordan was cut from his high school basketball team his sophomore year.
#emorydisc Speech-recognition systems getting much better at realtime captioning.
LOL of course I'm happy!!!! And thats the problem, I can't go to sleep!
me to and just ask I am an open book :DD haha.
Eww.. Kaylie I'm trying to sleep and dream about beautiful dogs ;) stop telling me you love me, that's what Justin is for.
I think I need to change my Twitter Username, again. ChirpTwerp is more appropriate for what I talk about on Twitter & of course, Follow Me!
The DBs gmail account currently has 666 emails in its Inbox. Somebody write us fast before the demons get us -
Go Seahawks. Need Eagle and Giants loss to keep my Boys looking good in 1st.
One Good Thing!! Americans REALLY hoping now for change!
Not really, lol
Police Pursuit on Ventura Boulevard in Studio City....YIKES!!!!
Update: Iron Fork tickets are SOLD OUT and no longer available. Hope to see you all there tonight!
they "give you" 5. But, pull you over for 3.
Oh man there are a couple Peter Sellers and Gene Wilder movies on Netflix that I haven't seen.
btw, hope you're watching Kareem on jeopardy right now
Delicious carb loading dinner at Villa de Roma in South Philly with ! Ready for 10 miles baby!
Lmfao for real I would be embarrassed AF!
okay shhhh this part goes hard.(;
No s/o but cute to da twr who had "if ur happy n u no it tweet a friend" umm
what they do
200 words and references to go!
I hope you had a great time at Campus Visit Day!
A little bit late to the party here, Gambo. Hahaha
good good! I had a lot of fun! She is the definition of humble and good character
May we wake tomorrow w/ renewed passion 2 #serve & b #generous unto one another. For #service & #generosity together can create
of course.... im a professional smoker lol
There should be a web site where you could vote to predict what the NYT most e-mailed articles were going to be, and their staying power.
Hope you'll share your #4c12 stories, and other literacy stories, with the DALN booth near registration! We welcome #cstheday stories too!
I'm just saying you can do better,tell me have you heard that lately?*
Us, too! RT Record number of participants in our graduate student Teaching Certificate Program this year!
pretty sure "bring it on" would work well
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 10
Thanks Linda! Other people have told me it should come out next week. Hopefully I see you down there Maile!
We are a team of students at BU, tell us what you think about our new product idea, feedback??
#nw Ocean's Thirteen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
EPA says Xenon-133 is radioactive noble gas produced during nuclear fission that poses no concern at detected level.
thx for tweeting! Come by 's booth during the Innovator Spotlight to play w/a prototype of our new mobile app
Well. that was a fun teaser..
Got some amazing pieces back from the cleaners in the nick of time for #modernvintage tomorrow. Beautiful stuff! Join us at !
What percentage of music on the radio is absolute trash? A. 110% B. 200% C. I wish I had a pet Velociraptor
thanks for the understanding and support
Eli Manning Saturday Night Live Search @ webXbeta
"21st Century Media" Mark B.N. Hansen from Duke will speak Friday 10 am undergrads & 1 pm grads & profs ATEC conference room via
thinkin about hittin this #Braves #VSUAlumni night :) anyone else??
Anything worth doing is worth getting someone else to do
Patio weather in Austin Texas! gorgeous day
Annoyed that #congratstocoachk is trending
To encourage baby to crawl, put her on her belly on the floor, and put a few toys just out of her reach. Motivation!
Not sure I am the best person to help you
Come on Packers!
Sheila Jordan sings at the NYC Blue Note November 14th !!! - C U There
Bahaha!! I want to be an elf too then!
#ThingsMostPeopleLikeButIDont POPCORN! Get that shit out of here!
": CHEATING = calling, texting, hugging, winking, seeing, kissing, having sex, and flirting with someone else b.s odhee
Prom is tonight doing last minute shit, What about you? Did you get those shoes?!
Life is great!! Share in it...
Have you ever made shakshuka? I'm looking for a new recipe/spin on it.
i should shower. i guess.
This was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.
.... so are we still banging?
.. What is your go to order at Genuine Joe's?
Everyone follow !!!! He's amazing & super talented.
Mama Mahone is my mom when I tweet her I say mom!
Nah, can't afford the new sky-high prices!
Trying to make it to Twilight Lounge...
omfg i got a 2 year subscription like 6 months ago Dx
its in Charleston so you should
#SOMEDAY <U+2665> follow me please it's my biggest DREAM (:
When the 100 Mb Zip drives arrived there was joy in our hearts. 80 floppies!! Today the 8Mb storage cost 8 or 9 bucks.
some real good quotes in there. Made me laugh.
ha! Field trip... Hmm what kind of field trip?!
media fuckheads be really trying to make a story over something that happened way back-leave Metta alone!
What my nigga jacob said..
Off to a lunch meeting at Trying to decide what to have!
Why is , the journalist, stating all rumors??
#Newt "Lets give the education responsibility to our parents" - yes lets. My parents know so much about fractions.
Best practices in chat reference, rule #47: When you intend to type "Oh, good!" to a patron, please do not accidentally type "Oh, god!"
Follow me (I follow back) <3
Is there any juco right fielder we can still sign... Corey hart just is horrible
I know. Most of their songs are workers' anthems I think. Wonder which song the Republicans found that they could use.
Don't you wish you could go back and hear your favorite song again for the very first time?
- Have faith in yourself and in the Power of the Universe.
Stressful day
You don't have anything mentally.
& New Jersey won so the Flyers are out?? YUSSSSS
Thanks for the follow. Checked out your website. Wishing you all the best - it's a very important cause.
#PickOne Would you rather Austin giving you his guitar pick or announcing your name to the audience during his concert? <U+2665>
yeah we do :)
Def one to watch! RT : Ought to be a good matchup between Eaton and W. Albany's Rachel Proteau (5-10 3/4 PR) at state.
Okay seriously goodnight. xD
Waiting in line for tix to Washington monument for 2nite.
Was Kathy Nickolaus workin' down there today?
I'll make her breakfast. Yeahh maybe that will be good.
Surgery day.
Time to clean I guess
GIRL YOU GOT THAT GET RIGHT
Looking for a new e-magazine publishing platform similar to calameo or issuu. Have any suggestions?
Sitting in my house which is full of family & friends waiting for the Mayweather-Mosley fight to begin
who does she think she is..
hey bill :-D
Loving life
Jazz Wednesdays Returns to ENSO
Damn it feel gud az hell outside I should've walked ova my bro crib
idek e.o i forgot . but im wearing it now & thought of you .
Has there ever been an 80%+ free throw shooter who makes it look harder than Leuer?
Nothing more appropriate than watching Mommie Dearest on Mother's Day with my mom.
how much does a gym personal trainer usually charge per hour?
Getting your life together is easier said than done. YIKES!
Thank you to all of those who came to our anniversary party last night We had a blast and hope everyone did as well!
Follow for the latest news updates about the highly-anticipated film.
Im losing my mind loving you . . but in some twisted way it is so so worth it,baby.
have 2 Clemson games on DVR, UNC/FSU. Watching this weekend. As of now, I'm not high on Brandon Thompson, Andre Branch. You?
I got lazy with the fashion y'all.lol
Our president Kevin Holtsberry will be on The Spectrum on in a few minutes discussing the SCOTUS oral arguments on Obamacare
Watching the Titanic <3
Bama! Yes, I liked the whole Article and/or list. I thought it was accurate!
Yesterday was fucking crazy, I was laughing like fuck and having a fucking great ass time. I needed that shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I need a commercial for youtube Lets get together and discuss specifics and $$$
Thanking god <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
we don't even have to break in, we can pitch a tent on campus
This is reality. welcome to real life, yadeli. Grow the fuck up and forget him. because he obviously didnt love you. Yes. Your right.
yeah, except my pension is like totally off the chain...
Getting sleepy.
Today is ridiculously beautiful
get a jeep commander!!
A good wine is one that is pleasant to the individual who drinks it.
We're glad you love it as much as we do! Thanks for the praise & God bless
My friend Brittney loves me. She made me a custom shirt and ordered it <3
This Friday from 8-11 in lower Herrick there is going to be a dope film event featuring 8 films made by oxy students
Why do cats stand guard at bathroom doors?
RT : Watching "It might get loud" why does Jack White have a lil JW following him around in this film? WLL. PLAY IT LOUD
YES! RT : Why aren't there Dunkin' Donuts in California? I want a coffee and a so-so jelly donut. Yes I know it's 7:30. So what
Happy Anniversary!
Hey and are you guys on?
I know....depressing :(
Enjoy a puppet performance of "The Three Billy Goats Gruff" for ages 3-10 @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 11 a.m. Arrive early to get a spot!
It is what it is.
So upset that Sarris' is on fire. Hope everyone is safe.
those are all great:) and what kind of books?? :) xx
How is it that I am still SO tired even though I was asleep by 10pm? This coffee needs to kick in ASAP
Can't believe tonight is my first walking tour of season. Time for some great food, stories and fun!
Today, I dance Solea for you my friend.
That is awesome! I respect derby girls 100%.
Only One:D
Hey moderators, remember the guy who finished a virtual tie in Iowa and ran away with second in NH? Why not ask him something.
Fuck fat ugly bitches that instegate and provok problems you should all die
That is true. But don't cross us. RT : Each person whom a #Leo calls “friend” is treated like royalty.
UPS brought "Deadlocked" the new Sookie Stackhouse novel today. I'm so excited I may have to learn how to read!
Follow for funny tweets about love life friends and fun. She follows back!! So GO FOLLOW HER!!
P A BABY IAM HOME
any pics of the new stuff? Still have some Moms Day gifts to buy and that tree sounds interesting
#goodmorning I got my coffee, my banana and a little AM #buffy ;) #decent I got a lot of free time today lol
Alright #FSU I'm a believer!
that's what I thought
Party by myself old main 4th floor hallway...
what is Ur background when did u graduate with what degree?
Thinking about giving students a pass for the day if they send me a picture of themselves with a puppy or kitten.
When someone's sneeze is obnoxiously loud and annoying >>>>
How did we get the nickname "Bill" from William? I think "Yum" makes much more sense.
Thank you and for bringing me soup!! You guys are the best!
Good morning #ROC!!! Here's hoping for a nice warm day!
45 hard cardio, abs & planks thanks Shaun for the fitness inspiration u rock & Happy bday!!
I love having a son. Yesterday we made chocolate cake and today fake dog poop for pranks.
I just saw it! It's so pretty, and so simple. Awesome :)
Clear Channel Radio is no more -- say hi to the newly renamed Clear Channel Media & Entertainment.
lmfaoo her green vibrator named elmo! lmfaoo .. i love her!
#HappyMothersDay! There's no better day to treat Mom to a tan :)
I want you. Nothing else, just you.
What are you snacking on today?
So , you say your my "bestfriend" but then go behind my back talking about me .. bc that's really mature . Whatever , bye .
You are insanely funny along with Fred. I feel so lucky to have you two doing a show about my hometown. Thank you!!!!!
See first that you yourself deserve to be a giver, and an instrument of giving.
Whole Body Health's Dr. Eydi Bauer on 91.7 talking about gluten-free benefits
The guy from the Beastie Boys died?! Looks like I'm gonna be playing Fight For Your Right for the rest of the weekend.
thank u a lot sweetie:))u should text me 812-679-1479.my birthday is tomarrow
I am on a couch. It is fun.
Just this and that, don't claim to be great myself either, but trust me follow more writers here and you'll see.
I can't wait to see my black lab :)
Just finished #c25k week 2 run 2 with #GetRunning – 29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running. Next run: Friday 13th.
My class this morning is about decision making.
If you want to join #conchprobs, we are focusing on Ch 1-6. Although, it has turned to an odd fixation of my footwear.
so when is the new contract party in AZ?
that awkward 5 second lap dance yoi give someone, while getting to a seat in a movie theater.
Nicholas Sparks called writing painful. We find your writing painful too, Nick.
just received another great review. $10 says this gets filtered out within a week like all of my other reviews. why why???
if you send me an ipad, I'll check out your app. I'll also send you Ben the cat. I think you need a cat.
Please join me Thursay March 10th from 3 - 6pm at PS 90 - 220 W 148th St for a tour of this magnificient transition from school to condo!
I'm centre of attention at school ..:: I have a feeing I'm gonna be POPULAR
Jus secured a liquor sponsorship for my Vegas listening party, AWESOME!!! Tequi, oops I mean "Anu~Sun Rises for everyone!!!!
I just want it to all work out,
If Twitter is "people writing about their breakfast," then it makes sense for a business to hire a Hemingway to write the hell out of it.
18th c. fun fact: apples were peasant fruits b/c you made noise eating them and showed your teeth.
RT : Dig out the ballot from your desk - vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger! Every vote counts!!
you are so cute when it comes to soccer or football
We open today regular hours.
did you know that when you dream about someone its because that person misses you.
Was a good Fight Night Thank u!!! :-)
-Dinner w/ and she couldn’t stop raving. Might make the switch for myself and #salon, can't wait to place an order.
Removing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
hahah best burrito ever.
Name one person that isn't or hasn't gone BLONDE
nice and nothing in the floor talking to people cuz the teacher don't come :)
look 3-fold @ 1st year QBs: stats, wins, playoffs. TT beats Cam--& everyone else-- in 2 of 3 - save Brady&BigBen
Happy Sunday to you! Ask your followers to follow us on Twitter! Have a Great Sunday!
contact Lael Bailey thanks for including us!
pretty picture
I just realized they may be records contributed by German libraries. Damn my Anglocentrism!
first morning in the outer richmond and it isn't even foggy.
i'm the biggest G you met niggeh!
Anyone have a way of getting tickets to SNL for this Saturday? :)
Feel like crap.
it might get LTE. Super fast speeds with the iPhone.
He did close it out with professional, clutch fashion though...
only if Baltimore or DC was a choice ..
okkay or i could come to eastern but idk how much the greyhound ticket gone b??
: #TheSubmission by #AmyWaldman is the On the Same Page title this year #OTSP is a partner this year.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
love song 1!
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 7
thanks for the follow. See you in Columbus on June 2nd?
The speed and power of Chelsea's counterattack is scary
after work something can happen
hey best of luck to you and all the others have a great time
yea dnt b all worried lolz
starts shortly. 7:30 to be exact, though we will wait a few before we do the red carpet.
no he was just threatening me
Tomorrow we will be putting pinball machines into the Shanghai Tunnel.
Sorry, I meant hip. And ur right about hard courts - but then again he made a little bit of $ on 'em - that & the grass.
Momma needs a house, baby needs some shoes, times iz getting hard guess what imma do??!!!
Teaching over for the year; summer writing already underway. Reread of book begins tomorrow, 5 a.m. to target problem areas
Jst bc Im looking a female, dsnt mean im checkin her out. Maybe I jst like her hair/makeup or her outfit or her shoes. Its nt always an ass.
how bout u take a break from cleanin bongs and come up to Dallas for a weekend
dude, come to Florida. What the fuck!
Trying to decide where to have lunch? Head to 1927 4th Ave. in Bankers Hill....Problem solved! See you at 11:00am...
i really need to do my music tech homework. ugh so many essays. i have so much work to make up because of chicago.
i'll trade ya lol i got my first one at 16, that also included drivers school for -> 4 very long hrs...
Damn...Went HARD in the Gym Today. Fuckin On Swoole. 190lbs Here I Come wit Big Gunz, Chest, Back, and Shoulderz...Yeah
Bulletproof vest fits well
I was told by a well known Comedy Teacher that I should write for you . If you want any new writers please contact me. Thanks a lot!
My shoes broke halfway home!! i had to walk home barefoot!! >:(
Join us in a few minutes for a conversation with historian Robert Krick. We'll be taking your calls and tweets!
OMFG. THANK YOU.
Define the difference between illustration and logo.
SOMEBODY TELL THE WORLD KAT STACKS IS WITH STACEY FROM THE WOOD....;P; CAN I JOIN IN THE TWEETS..
Got a wine thing I'm working on for March 18. Limit 20 people. Everyone invited, including effeminate lemmings. Details soon.
Hey #Gophers, you owe the #Wolverines (& buckeyes) three hours of our lives back! Can't believe I watched that.
ya but someone else gotta give him a ride home
The Cleveland Browns by far. Not only are their uniforms hideous, but so is their team. Perfect combination.
goodnite. school in the am -_-
Stop tweeting i trying to sleep thank u!
I want to go home already, expecting to record another story
Feel free to denigrate marketing folks like myself. We're possibly worse as we trade in crass manipulation rather than simple BS.
Anybody use for sources? Currently doing a 60-day free trial.
So pleased to have seen another excellent #Interregnum at ! What's better about that place than Interregnum and the faculty?
So it went from haha to lol and lol to lmao.... what's next ?
Next on tap: Covering Business w/ & Bradley Fikes ...
Successfully took Memphis on a plane. He was a rock star!
sometimes you can get them cheap - its something to look into
you called it
im a smart cookie
HBD ! God bless you ..... I love you you are a great guy Thanks for everything hahaha :)
Doris Betts, acclaimed Southern writer and longtime UNC professor, dies
#brewers are playing!
Graham Zusi is listed as probable for tomorrow's home opener with a calf strain.
That's so sweet! Thank you (:
if you've ever seen 'the pick of destiny', you are into them. Plus jack black has the #1 album right now!
You are far too kind, but thank you :D
time really flies sometimes.
If upper cap isn't too high, this will not be a very large problem. High earners would face diminishing marginal rates
Driving by the old Coliseum site in Hinckley. I miss the old times in Cleveland.
I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and you realize what you could’ve had this whole time.
#StevenTyler singing live on American Idol!!!!!!!!! <3 Love him muah!
Come see the Rhode Island Riveters take on DC Rollergirls on Saturday August 14th, doors at 6pm, bout at 7pm! www.providencerollerderby.com
Love Universal Studios. Of all the theme parks I rank that one at the top!
I guess we won
If anyone would like to visit SF, this is the fuckin' week to do it.
You're saying I should hop over that fence and pickle the Beast?
Dream big. Sing loud. Laugh often. Feel everything. Judge less. Care more. Listen intently. Smile with your eyes. Fantasize. Dance around.
“: At work. . .On twitter. . . AT THE SAME DAMN TIME! *drops mic*" lol
World Series last few years 15 to 25 million viewers. In 1978, Yankees vs Dodgers drew an average audience of 44.3 million. Ad Age
Right bro it's like why rehearse for hours for this random stuff
Thinking of ordering this sick ass band tee I found online ! There is so many tho !
We'll be posting pictures of 1D when we go to their concert on May 28th! I'm so excited.
tbh, if abdc were actually based on votes iconic boyz would have won...
Somedays just suck more then others....
Guess it's not the day for my jib test :) MT : Heavy winds...Gusts up to 30...storm sails or keel mercs. Bring a change of clothes.
so... (yes, I'm wasting my precious 140 on ellipses and parenthetical sides) I just change the url, and it keeps all posts, etc?
wish I could be on #TopChef so I could try all the yummy looking food... time for a #TopChef Atlanta!
Dreams are just like wine, and I am drunk with mine.
I'm pretty much a pro at ice skating;P
haha i got back at 4 !
are you still in NO? what's your plan tonight?
Fiat 500 #SuperBowl ad just cracked me up! It's the big game, laughing welcomed.
“: who be crushin on??? Do I know him???”aha was that to me too?.(:
Thought of something interesting to do tomorrow.
Whatever the case, be sure to tell me how awesome it is.
one direction ;)
Giving a dog a bath who fears water<
Glad you liked Steenbock's - just returned from vacation, nice to come home to good news! Will pass compliments on to Donovan.
I'm not ugly. I could marry anyone I pleased! But that's the problem - you don't please anyone.
Today? I talked to him yesterday
Noogra Nuts is the best game on android
like a month or 2. not long.
Did they cheer louder for #Luck, or ?
thanks brother !!!
Bradford Cox is friggin fantastic
I should rape you hahahaha ok no! -.-' (thats what a guy told me today! It was something awkward... Lolz o.O
If this rain keeps up it will be flippers, mask and snorkel time in the morning!
I just don't get morning #traffic!! Why people??
oh baby kirk! #suckstosuck Heath Bell. #Mets win!
I want to pull all of my hair out when people drive slow. 55 on the highway is just stupid.
Thank you for following! This will be great for keeping up to date on everything my Angels are doing. Best wishes always.
Good luck in chicago tonight ! Wish I could be there. Break legs.
Dude, in all honesty. Fierce by Abercrombie, throws their game off badly,;)
#20thingsaboutme 1.I'm full Mexican but I'm supa white (:
Sounds like you are a santorum sucker. Lol :-)
I hope everybody is safe in these tornados out there... #God Bless
I only fuck hat trick bitches with a few goals
Thanks Ambrose!!! Hope you're well!
“: Not all guys are pigs. Not all girls are sluts.”
Me too RT : I will be a millionaire one day.
did you just say lln? i fucking love you, u legend!
i got cheese, cake, lettuce, bread, and dough..
haha I knew you did! Lmbo! Check the group chat!
have you considered starting a blog on ? i love blogging there myself and would love to see what you'd do there!
Oh snap! Highs in the 70s for the next 5 days MKE!
Im down. Always and forever. RT : You, Tasha, &amp; I need to plan a dinner at Kobe's!
More Washington-advice from "Have two factoids, preferably true"
I wish people would stop "quoting" the bible. It means nothing. Picking and choosing to try to "prove" you are right only proves ignorance.
Make sure to contact the Honor Men if you are interested in our scholarship next year!
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
at random, that would have been 85% chance of winning, somethings missing, ...but no reply??
i'd pee myself if someone made an account called mwahah
can people follow me back please :) x
$300 to spend on books? I'm in and a follower
Thanks for the RT! You guys coming to the grand opening?
in 8 mins ill be exactly 16 years old... i feel like i've been alive so long but i haven't.., i wonder what turning 100 feels like..
S/o to the homie for holding down the Shot King team last night!
Favorite feature: Readability switch in the web article screen!
If we put aside that nobody is actually excited, nobody watches and nobody goes, then...yes.
HAHAHA...I'm sure my husband would love that
You're all grown-up now. Have you played around with shortcodes yet?
lmao! where are you?!
The old end of quarter and end of month games are upon us. No predictions Turn is coming.
I thought it was great - the individual stories were strong and the overall program had a nice flow.
In Prospect Park. Falling in love with Brooklyn all over again.
“: Man the Spurs have better chemistry than any team in any sport” Real shit
Now would be a great time...
I couldn't make it to any two a days, three week period days.
Up bright and early for #NLCInstitute Day 2. Looking forward to spending the day with my #NLCAtlanta tweeps.
Calling me babe and sending me hearts and I just met you. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><U+274C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Recall Tony K! He can't engage w/out calling D's commies / socialists. 1 trick pny
Jam Session tonight April 25 at The Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando 8-11p
Can't get enough boy meets world
Portland mayor's race: It's not a debate, it's a forum and it begins @ 9am on
Well not in morn, miss me????
I could only find it on TNT miss Ralph and Mike!
RT : The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 5
Your profile picture is really very cute. How old is your baby now?
best twitter April-fools-is-stupid gag I've seen
thank you for the FF! will we see you tomorrow?
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Fall in love. Regret nothing, and don’t let people bring you down.
GUILTY AS CHARGED!!! RT tease!!!
_|.-!+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I love that SuJu endorses that LG stuff when all of them have iPhones.
Welcome Julia! How long are you here for? Love to meet…
My distaste for Na$ri blinds me at times.
co-host Jesse Palmer said his FAVORITE thing about Bway is the "sippy cups" at the bar. Well done actors!We're making an impact!
Lovett has 18 at the Half
SNooD oF The dAy: adding our customary "aH yeahs" to the stye...
yes JJ is Jerry Jones
Yo Tal - What's happening baby? When will Intrigma get a Twitter feed?
. got a reference? What about self-employed/sole prop?
sad commentary - school bus has a stop at Extended Stay motesl to pick up kids living there.
That moment you remember an obscure quote from the archives… & then actually find it in your notes!
Here's a disaster waiting to happen... Joe Denim goes to Vegas!!!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.-Churchhill
To clarify: You have to "like" the trailer at You Tube not on this page. Total "like" confusion.
wowww!!!! i just tweeted user and told him to tell justin to tweet me! hahahaha.
and hopefully sooner rather than later!!
Your heart should speak for you not your mouth
RT : A huge thanks to for porting 's PlayThru to node.js!
in the studio...working. This my job now....right now I'm working for free. Payday is right around the corner.
I saved $225 by not taking my family to see the #nyknicks at #msg today. They lost to the Orlando Magic and are now 6-7
Check out $how Me the Monday on FB for your shot at FREE DRIVING!. Today's topic? Safe Driving. on.fb.me/mZSjon
Lakers better come to play tonight. OKC will be ROCKING.
Monday... What a dreadful day. Only two more of them though!
www.ifixit.com is best technical documentation in the world according to
Oh #g+ i didn't know you have the ability to gather all my photos from my phone just by going to my google+ app.... convenient or invasive
nice photo ;-) perfect day.
You can L I C K My pussy
“People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing -- that's why we recommend it daily.”
and iv been to everyone except yesterday
...typically it's up to pr profs to enroll their students. I'll check the details tonight & send you and more info!
California Screamin' makes me look like Zoolander when the ride's over. Reason #25 why I love that coaster.
Nothing comes easy.
Tarpon Springs Recreation's Fish Earth Day - Hook Kids on Fishing event, Saturday, April 21, 8AM-12:30PM in Craig Park, It's FREE!!
Side note ATL scored 2 on the top of the 12th against the Cards.
Okay... Now to find out what finally happens to Katniss Everdeen.
I need a ticket oak...
I should Neva hav missed class today. I kno betta. Never again
‘Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.’ William Butler Yeats
WOW over 110 retweets for today's #SOTW. We're feeling the holiday love! Ok, first $25 winner is.... - congrats!
I also got an e-reader and now I have no idea what to read. What was the best book you read this year?
Romney gets punked, Santorum gets biblical, & Gingrich, well, he still doesn’t appear to get it at all
Bru's room :D
All I want for christmas is a wurly. I even have a spot for it...
are you at school? And follow me mikey :)
Best. News. Ever. 's computer crashed, wiping all of the content - including all of my old emails he was hoarding for blackmail...
Getting an ever-stronger sense that the Thunder may be playing next year's playoff home games in the YOURNAMECANGOHERE arena
The only time you approach me is when you need something fr
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Considering live tweeting 's first-ever Space Jam experience. Can't believe he's never seen it
living room for the paper garden showcase! come down!!
Q this Election season, Do like your wings naked or breaded, hot or mild?
Keynesian ideas had been driven out of the national discourse because they were politically inconvenient for the increasingly empowered 1%
Easy E!!! Big blue! proud of the gmen!!
OK, Drink more water... So I did. Then about a week later- stop the pain medicine... And I was like, SAY WHAT. Continued next tweet
of course they are!
Today 1818: Formerly of the Northwest territory then Indiana territory then Illinois territory, Wisconsin became part of Michigan territory
RT : Yea Rockies! :) Too bad Dexter didn't get to try for a cycle though.
Keep it up awesome job!
I kno that when you look at me, theres just so much you dont see.
We need men who can dream of things that never were. - John F. Kennedy
You can't control what others do; you can only control how you respond.
well im glad u sorted things out.
I'm voting you need slightly thinner batter and less oil on the pan.
If I ever get famous kBlake will be my part time stylist.
you can't pay me enough to hunt for ghosts in the dark
oh they should be able to! At least Swifties should :) hah.
Sometimes I'm afraid to get attach to someone because then I feel like they get tired of me.
naah, not in the mood.
why not?
Skyrim is my girl <U+E106>
Taped first "Maverick On Music Row" show yesterday for CMRNashville.com and DigitalRodeo.com, feat. Brady Seals, Ray Scotty, & OSO artists!
#oomf funny her tweets be having me weak some times
contest: two folks 2get most followers in 24h gets tickets to Giants opening day 2morrow
Mayor stresses potency of creating conditions for businesses to grow
Kostitsyn goal ties it up #Preds # nhl
Open House Friday night from 3 - 6pm stop by before your Friday night fish fry Brewery.
Forgot my monthly T pass at home, but the bus drivers know me so I didn't have to pay cash.
thats all you can do
Good morning DC! Jazz Jazz Jazz! #dcjazz #jazzindc #jazznightdc #jazz alive
ACES workshop with - my brain is locked and loaded
Empty much
You did NOT just write to KacieB! You #bachelor lovin' tweetin' maniac!
still insane. Thanks, Bill.
So what if you're weird? Weird is normal.
Great problem to have: Not enough room in my lineup for all my good fantasy baseball players.
.....she take it every way but personal!
Why you no talk to me??
Have a great weekend!!
Everyone please keep Andrea Vellinga and everyone affected by the state fair tragedy in your thoughts & prayers as the week begins.
": things will never be the same ."
she (aka me) is just not that into you
I want a shake :)
OMG We Love One direction is trending yeayyyy i love you guys
that would be excellent! I'm missing your reading by 1 day :(
Cornell gets $350 million to develop NYC science campus; Stanford drops out nyti.ms/u0tp3j /HT
haha.. my Mom. Read the previous tweet silly. ; )
I want to get my music played on your station. Check out www.IQHipHop.com and let me know what you think.
Hey, my pleasure! I hope 's friend gets in touch ASAP!
Unreliability is a big turn off.
All good - thanks for thinking of us!
i see a birthday boy ! :D
i'm such a mess.
I'll back that!
Got our first REDCARPET event this sat at WAR OF RAP in Dallas... Be looking for it!!!
RT if you think 's cat is cute <3
Kruiser cusses people out who aren't Mitt haters and I'M rude???
Actually, I thinking more Kevin Matias when we used the PPT on TV, but the Corey Ward comment was funny, too, haha xD
#mets vs. philly excites me way more than this royal wedding crap
I was there for a wedding. Wife and I spent two weeks in the Kenai. Better question is what brought you to IN?
Excited to go watch Hunger Games with my cousins :)
Its okay. The game is in Cincinnati so I'll have to check the #Bengals website
Literally wedged between my two boys trying to will a wall of immunity between the sick toddler and the baby.
Change your thoughts, and you change your world
Love Pizzarelli's light touch. & yes, laughing hard. Oh my Lord, I do NOT miss Route One from New Brunswick to Princeton!
Damn right you are! Haha just kidding. It's fine I forgive you ;P
Please follow me. <3333333
shouldn't there be a strip club in Murray Hill by now?
It's important to remember that a few bad apples do not take away from the amazing people that make up
Thank you, Jen. Today I even did it without your help ;)
thats not good..
make sure y'all enjoy that Tequila Lime responsibly!!
Starting to feel impatient
Need more followers make sure you're following my girl she follow backs instantly.
wow. i'm at a loss for words. it was really good. the xylophone was a nice touch for the melody.
is probably getting notifications to his phone and going, "I'm dating a lunatic!" ;) jk jk
SPHERE edits. Good ones!
Up "early" because I'm excited to eat mac 'n' cheese and watch cartoons.
Can't believe ESPN is selling Cousins as great "behind the scenes" guy. Kiper trying to compare this to Brohm/Flynn. GRIFFIN WAS #2 OVERALL!
when polivia gets mad and flares her nostrils.........seriously, i die a little....no i die a lot
My tl is boring today -__-
I love that show!
goin win!!! hard work dedication hard work dedication hard work dedication hard work dedication
So, you think car washes are NOT green? Guess again! We have upgraded to the latest Blenco products & they they are the greenest out there!
Um, I'm a straight woman who does those things to/for other straight women. What does that mean????
International Student Potluck I love being a family away from home for our Burkino Faso student.
Stay in your lane or you will get knock out<U+E431>
Live all you can; it?s a mistake not to. It doesn?t so much matter what you do in particular, so long as you have your life. If you haven...
Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind, than in the one where they sprung up. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
hello! Nice to meet you. :)
MYIDEA a quick warm-up activity to focus students' attention
what but what if we make it to the cup?!? What's wrong with you!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Individualism, as distinctive structure, in fully realized states, is capable of rapid-contribution; propelling a future of infinite design.
l.o.l. “: i toss my trash in the dumpster at my building, trash lands on man inhabiting the receptacle”
It's too late to make you mine, so far from where started so far from what we wanted.
question of control being addressed #infoneeds Focus needs to be on control points. Which should not be the FB of world
Thunder Lakers second round classic. Fisher vs old team. Harden vs peace. Oo #classic !
to focus on my grades.
Hacking Ribby stuff :)) !! Hehehe Follow me !
Can't sleep, guess I'm stuck watching this documentary on wolverines
ha thank you that exactly how I pictured happy thoughts looking. :)
hey marv!!!!!! miss you much:)
Thinking of going to the Turtlefest 2012 this Saturday in Juno
"The wise men followed the star, the way I followed my heart." <U+2665>
Yes, that sounds positively grueling. :) Congrats on your new job, btw!
no sorry
taylor issues <3
okay cool <U+270C>
Great to see you! And great talk yesterday MT #scms12 great to see some many friends at USC party last night
Don't you wanna stay here a little while? Don't you wanna hold each other tight? Don't you wanna fall asleep with me tonight? <3
Thanks for the follow, those pies look amazing!
Oh. I'm used to ESPN's hour.
You know it's going to be a great vacation when the pilot comes on and says "Welcome aboard, this is Captain Morgan..."
. No, but they ARE lying to you about how free the markets are. Free markets work well if they are free, & not when not.
What are you doing today to ensure a fantastic week for your business?
Hello Shep, Great show. Whoops, You did well on the "top cop" reference moments ago. Reminds me of the famous blooper!
it shows maybe the bad guys for the next movie nd a funny seen where the Avengers are all together
true, but he was horrendous the following year. point is improving bullpen through trade is dubious at best
Good Morning and Happy September Smiles! I love it when the days begin to balance out with the nights! :)
- They are the future of all advertising. Do you want ROI on TV TIVO doesn't allow for that.....
it will be great! Amazing line up!
Really? I know quite a few. : hardly know anyone in PR who has a PR or marketing degree!!
Now that's a boner waiting to happen
maybe a solid inside backer as well to learn under the tutelage and wisdom of Urlacher and Briggs
Mr. He can get it! can easily turn into Mr. Don't ever call me, but Mr. Don't ever call me can NEVER turn into Mr. He can get it!
- that's typically a good game plan for any day!
Finished Chess Pie- anyone w questions it is the easiest pie to make- Just let me know!! No joke but "Easy As PIE"!!!! Happy Thanksgiving!!
Bout to be an awesome weekend. Thank you #Jesus for my life and for your unfailing love.
you will do it and you will love it....every minute of it!
me & and are a couple lbs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
has jokes on twitter all day. # laughter
He said "smokin wit others is dirty as fuck u don't know who dick she suck who clit he ate or if they have an STD while ur passin the blunt"
Missing and ! Good luck on your tournament! <U+E110><U+E131>
That sounds really awkward.....lol
Watch Troma OnDemand on Comcast! New movies every Month If you don't have Troma Ondemand on Comcast in your Area, Call Comcast and Demand i
cant complain almost over!
How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard. ~from the movie Annie
Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett...so sad
That which does not kill me makes me stronger" – Friedrich Nietzsche
well, the way i see it, you consume enough of that to supply the lot... so i really don't need any
Thank you very much for following our live-tweets
Brad Wolf's New Single "Too Many Mondays (Not Enough Saturday Nights)" is Still Climbing Music Row Magazine's Radio Charts...
Thats it im finna cuss somebody out. Its May dumbass. Y u lightin fireworks.
What is this?! A center for ants?!
Shout out to you!
yup yup.. being sick is so lame.
Will u b a freshman @ Morehouse this fall? Don't miss Morehouse Mondays on Facebook each Mon in April, 5-6 pm Live chat w/administrators
History teaches everything including the future.
Heyy Mel how are you today??
SIXERS GOT GAME 6 AND BET PHILLIES TO WIN TONIGHT EASY MONEY
I shouldn't have to futz around with smtplib and email.mime.text to send a simple text message. Just sayin'.
boo, I just wanted to say I miss you a lot and I want us to have a catch up session soon, please tell me your schedule asap!
txt me sometime yeah?!?
No she touched the radio.... thats a no no
I luv Bad Gurlz wit Good Pussy!
There couldn’t be a more efficient use of your marketing dollars. And when we say dollars, we actually mean cents. It’s that affordable.
Ding, ding, ding. Yes, Cory Joseph is the sixth and final. You sure know your #Canadian NBA players. Congrats.
What a beautiful city Mexico City really is...
only logan could get a concussion from hitting his head on the oven at work.
Attended awesome social media #bizsuccess program with Starr Hall When it hits your city -Entrepreneur mag - learn NEW growth tactics
The lifestory of Chuck Colson is simply amazing. From Watergate-convict to life-impacting Christian founding Just wow.
love Brightwater!! They helped us out for our State Fair Fashion Show for !
Must echo others: looks awesome and is responsive and creative. Check it out!
Apparently its national chocolate chip day..is there a national day for EVERYTHING?Now we just need to find out when national sports day is!
Good news everyone. Lung is not deflating. So, i can start the road to recovery and running. Very thankful and very blessed. Thank you f ...
Heading out on the road looking for a Few Starbucks to play in on the road. Dallas TX , Alb NM, Santa Fe,Flagstaff Phoenix
Tickets to the Tegan and Sara "Ames Session" at 7:00... is about to operate!
More motivation to watch it then? :D
possible park slope bar hop tomorrow??
Merry Christmas!
in Milwaukee
Native American women = 2.5 x more likely to be battered—but tribes can't prosecute offenders if they aren't Ntv Amrcn. #VAWA changes that.
Love it! “: The most unusual one we've met is (he is a totem pole).”
I so love tink;)
I Think that for the most im gone say yea to juwan but i still dont kno cuz...
Lmao! That's the first time I ever heard somebody blasting gospel music through the hood!!
Nothing more awkward than singing happy birthday to a person whose name you don't know.
Haha thanks! I'm working on a new video right now:)
Man, I miss him :c
Big shout out and thanks to all those who attended the private screening of at Tribeca Cinemas over a week ago.
'Some girls freak me out.'
tell me more! what's it called? new single?
Today in Literary History: On March 27, 1926 Frank O'Hara (American poet and art critic) was born in Baltimore, MD.
Had an filled Christmas... Thanks Santa!
Here's the plan. Keep Brady from scoring 30, expose their defense, play awesome the last minute.
HAHAHA, love that! <333 How funny, cause some girl in my math class who's on the team said they were gonna win2day. Lmfaoo .
You could make your Boise St. Big East Big West jokes now, or months and months ago when that potential affiliation first came up
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)28
Lovely lunch date with Airport bound to catch the next flight to ATL, then flying to SC on Tues.
When you want something good to happen and it just turns out all wrong #thatslife:)
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." ~Martin Luther King Jr.~
Oh your cool...
i read the tweets about us sometimes and im just like we are so retarded haha
I knw how to hold my liq
how may times a day do you pick your nose?
grubbin on that spread that tastes like teddy grahams.
Been with son since 5am. I have worked two gigs. He came with to both jobs. He is on super hyped mode since I caught him sipping my coffee.
The meadows should pay me to golf there with the amount of balls i donate back to the course
That's great to hear Sal! RT last night was the best! I recommend #withallmyheart & belly
Stoneham junior Steve Keskinidis threw a no-hitter in a 2-0 win vs. Middlesex small opponent Watertown.
Big thanks to all the orange hard-hats making the #WestSeattle to Lake Union bike commute safer and more pleasant.
": that moment when theres like 5 people in your class.."LOL there's two in mine. Me and the teacher LOL
Book signing event! Katherine A. Meyer will be signing copies of Grosvenor Square on Oct. 7 at Hill Country Bookstore in Georgetown, TX!
my bf said that this morning and I had no idea what he was talking about.
apparently you have been in that situation before Isn't it amazing people waste their energy on deliberately hurting people
Would you say Hi to me? Love your music and think you and your husband have amazing voices and style. Have a great day! <3 Shan
“: I Hate When Ppl Spell Ma Name Wrong < Its Candace!” lol get over it
about to eat lol
If you've got a hoarder friend, you should show him a copy of Action Comics #1 and say "Your kleenex could be this someday! Keep it safe!"
I hope UK wins by Twany tonight.
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL WTF!!! Lmao, retweet(in a high voice), ohh he fine, where team breezy at, what chris tweeted, im finna follow
Bulking up on the English styles I see. Ive got the NE Brown and an ESB on the docket.
My doggy better love me I let her do whatever just so she doesn't bark
And #CSF & #BigWest photographer Matt Brown shooting at The Pit today.
THE HEBREW HAMMER!!
"Kai, Last of the Brunnen-G, is an undead assassin on the science fiction television show Lexx." - Wikipedia.
Why must Good Burger be on at a time like this? I can't not watch it
Which is exactly why I need to go to the pool! Thanks for my invite. -______-
But i think it's good that an Overland student got 36 cuz we get looked down upon a lot -__-
It can be magical & revolutionary if your life isn't already in a tight, permanent orbit around a MacBook.
#RIP Maurice Sendak, #WhereTheWildThingsAre was a childhood favorite of mine!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend
Budlight commercial shoot this AM, in NY. Work, work, work :)
yeah definitely...im obviously rooting for the clippers but the spurs are just machines right now.
Several groups of students in the Museum today: studying, drawing, chatting, and playing UNO in the lounge. This is why
Our new Plan Book Magazine is coming along well. We are excited to unleash some of our new plans. (Coming this October)
My family loved Face Off. We're sad RJ didn't win, but Rayce deserved it just as much. Hopefully it will be back for another season.
“ BREAKING: Charles Manson was denied parole, effectively ending his bid for the Republican pres nom. There's always VP.
Hello, Athens!
Dear Twitter, glad you're having a quiet 6th Birthday.
It's gonna be a week, folks...
RHUBARD CUSTARD PIE
Gov cuomo says he will issue an executive order to set up health exchange this week. Repubs in senate did not want to pass as part of budge
all i want to do is watch tv in the bath tub. is that too much to ask?
I'll take it!
Upon marriage, I tried to trash all of T's Grateful Dead tapes.Now here I am writing a report to "Box of Rain" and assorted Dead covers.
i bought someone a priceless neckeles
just now getting into bed...long night full of bird squawks and Nicholas Cage with and more
Hi #libchat! I'm Nicole, and I work in a special library in Indianapolis.
Ima smack you every now and then....
Will be keeping you and your family in my thoughts!
Don't know much about this Jonny Steele type. But that was a golazo by him to tie it. Special for Great goals in this game.
Just finished a shoot out in Malibu great day kind of cold but we did it
At an all-time low. This is a sign I need more fun in my life...
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.
I don't trust these bitches, I want to go home and eat.
Glad I get my geometry.
Only 5 pts, but love how aggressive Berggren plays against Leonard.
LOL They did! Only a fan would notice
I would love too
I'm not saying UCLA isn't relevant, I am saying its strange how its all at once.
Wondering whats wrong?..
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: 'Tis the season to spread warmth and love - do you know of someone who could use some extra love today?
Facts are what evidence modestly shows, truth is what everyone honestly knows_ Joe Carnage
I like 'Otis' the way one begrudgingly appreciates a very expensive car. Also Kanye's not going to hell 'cause of 'Jesus Walks'.
Today is going to be So Fetch.
I finally got the book :) We had to go to Books-A-Million for it
omg, cannot wait for the GOOD music album.
the battery will no longer charge. What do you suggest?
Will Zack #Greinke be part of the #brewers by season's end? says no. SportsRadio
and this is why we cant have nice things
Just a public note that Quarter Life has always been two words. Capitalized. Thanks.
Really hope the #allstarskills is a better broadcast then the #allstardraft was. #tsn that was awful.
9:00 Friday night and I'm already bored. Maybe I should leave the house tomorrow.
Just cycled, girls are atill sleeping like nuzzling kittens curled into each other in bed. Coffee time and my nook!
This apple cinnamon coffee is a delicious success. Cracker Barrel, you do me right every time.
It's your call.
Way to go Top Pup Media team! We delivered our 14th and final video to Nokia last night at 2am. Now, time for some coffee!
Super Soul Sunday celebration! Party tonight in the Youth Worship Center!
Welcome to Cleveland!!!
I don't need to say "fuck you", because, well... Fuck you!
Happy Holidays! Thank you for the support this year!
The world is watching as we engage in self destruction the same people that voted for 8yrs of Bush is screaming foul . How sick is that ?
they were cool. But because u only get one spout. U can taste the syrups of the other flavors.
Reason is knowing you're wrong to avoid false (dangerous) beliefs. Certainty is fear and insecurity based on an illusion of permanence.
MarchMadnessMentality: When the underdog becomes the ctr of attn, the haters spend more time hoping U fail than planning their own success.
You guys are always welcome; thanks for the nice pic!
There are some really good people in this world (:
I love you:) and I would love you even MORE if you retweeted me! Yep you know you want to:D <33
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese'
i hope
Me! Going great. Eatin' eggs bacon w/ espresso now RT : Who else is on day 16 of #Whole30 How's it going?! ...
I hate brand whores.
Rooting for the Panthers...COME ON EX-HAWKS YOU GOT THIS!
serving over 2000 kids creative writing needs | channeling their stories, giving them a voice
What are you wearing to it? Have fun!
Using trial version of SEOmaz. Great so far. Free version can only research 5 keywords at a time. Anyone have a free resource not Google?
“Acting should be bigger than life. Scripts should be bigger than life. It should all be bigger than life.” - Bette Davis
SFist Memoirs: Pat Montandon, San Francisco's Golden Girl - SFist
Challenge accepted! Who's paying? RT : I assume can find us an undiscovered gem of a restaurant in Chesterfield
FUCK it I won't lie I miss you and no matter what you always come up in my head I told myself I wouldn't talk to you but it's hard
someone talk to meh
rip junior seau
Aww ma dude I Love you Till Ma Heart Stops but I think u know dis. LOL!!
": Two types of Capricorns, one stays tied to a post, the other jumps freely from mountain to mountain"
#runDisney is addictive. Join us! We got jackets! :-)
She's gonna think i plagiarized this. Sometimes, I just get really inspired and write really well. idk :o
I think of this often.
watching 16 candles thinking DAYUM what happened to Molly Ringwald??? Queen of 80s teen flicks...
The Chicago weather inspired an old fashioned show down, Best Brown vs Ellie's Brown vs Who's your winner?
Best way to creep out a girl is to call her 10 times in a row from inside her closet.
waiting for it will only make it sweeter
I'm glad there are people out there WHO share my pain. Stay stong!
this weather giving my hair to much life
Of course you should. You are Joshua. You enjoy such things.
take my life & let it be, all for you & for your glory. take my life & let it be yours. <3
see? see? Haha
I ment to say I found and behind greenwood
more contests & free #drivnapparel teeshirt/hoodie giveaways to follow -- so keep it here blah, blah blah.... and all that shit
are you okay? D:
Green and yellow!!! Time for foot ball!
Bring Kids to Stop Shootin's Holiday Toy Drive and Festival. 1,000 Toys for children in need. The Barat Foundation 765 Broad Street, NWK, NJ
“: I refuse to believe I will marry anyone except a football or baseball player #athleticgirlprobz”
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
Reports surface of rampant prescription medicine abuse by former #NFL players
Todays MBA movie is Radio. Never seen it, but I will soon be writing about the conventional level of moral development portrayed.
I&#39;m Blowing This Pedestal Stand - Pundit Kitchen: Lol News and Lol ...
Good luck with whatever you come up with! : Trying to conger up a good excuse. Any suggestions?
#Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want a congressman who believes in small government, freedom of religion and
Rev Brown don't need 2 kno all yo biz.
sounds like "2 broke girls" but please tell me it was a little better?
Also a lot of Radcliffe's glasses didn't have the actual lenses in them. He just wore the frames for fear of breaking the lens.
This character is of course "Humpty Dumpty," and he of course was an EGG!
do you actually pay your bills or just flake out on people that do things for you?????
worried about the student who cited a free paper from 123helpme.com as a source for his research paper
If you were for real and a good person you can be powerful w/o money misjudgment makes a person think only money brings power
Make sure you have all the power your company needs for those construction projects where the snow has cleared! www.SolisEnergy.com
excited for it to I am a carytown worker myself and am always excited to see new things coming our way
Your the best I'm a singer check out my web www.popgoesthegio.com
i have no idea...my sis friend id having a party...bt its def older and intellectual..idc u know i wanna puff lol
Just read: Circuit City closing 155 stores. Happy Holidays?
meek mill is really that shit where the fuck i been.... #life Y.o.l.o.
He is some type of lab/retriever mix. Things seems to be going fine so far... Just a completely different routine.
She wants my lemonade <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
Faded 7 outs on turn to double. 265 BB pot. Got 103k
LMFAO. Nah, I'm gonna join it and talk to him :')
Consider This: Your Feedback
hey BTW. You need to be my agent now. I need some top level corpo sponsors for my SBX races this winter. Set that shizit up.
i think you guys care more about #JakeFricksTribalAnkleTat than
The year of two penises
yes it's all ages. :) we friends on Facebook?
I'm writing a paper on the Shit People Say vids and just saw Shit White Girls Say to Arab Girls. SO GOOD.
Cool! Thanks:) !
How is 10 still making those God awful sexist commercials?! Like, seriously, why would you make another one?!
Waiting for reservations @ La Rochelle SHIBUYA Japan
hahaha!! no... i don't get it.
My heart wont stop beating ..come on spurs don't do this to me smh
Seeing and July 1st at the taste of Joliet. Can't wait<3
The Alzheimer's Association Of Greater Indiana is asking for your help. Read below and follow the link for more details. Because of...
Wanted to test drive the CR-Z but they only had manuals...and I don't know how to drive manuals. Boo!
I've been applying all over the place. Banks, hotels, fast food chains, etc. Nothing coming.
right on
Nothing Darlin, I'm just off being a mischievous little runt today. The last few sneak-ups weren't calm. Those poor followers lol.
early bird gets da worm:)
Romney says the President doesn't understand that every business doesn't succeed.
The only place you can tickle yourself, is the top of your mouth.
Just seeing "Dave Hatch" makes me sad. That poor man. And his poor liver. I *do* hope I did him one proud, finally. Cheers, Dave!
Big Ten tourney starts today against Iowa 1:30 on ESPN2...Go Blue! A win puts us against OSU!
Hands, durability, blocking, production RT : can somebody tell me what attributes Chris Polk has that separate him from Turbin?
New Album and film coming soon from Levi Chen! Look for good news on the Chinese New Year (January 23)!!!
I know :-( it needs help.
they are not. Don't blame them
Rebeca Tomas is at Theater 80 on St. Mark's and it is an incredible flamenco performance featuring music and dance. Last show tonite
i d k Josh just im fucking lost right now i dont know what to do.!!
Uh said i snore loud he hasnt even esdgjjgwgu
Sometimes (like now) I wish I had the skill of inception.
Health insurance brokers are FREE & the best people to use if u r interested in a plan to suit your budget & needs:...
Some girls look like they're storing babies in their boobs.
im not sitting myself or janelle so idk who youre referring to #fullofyourselfmuch?
I'm from Wisconsin. I don't think you know what you're getting yourself into. It will end poorly for you. FACT.
this would be great for
UH-OH!!! RT : Does your business do business with Bank of America? Our advise is to place your funds somewhere safer.
We're at the Asian Festival today and tomorrow. Stop by and see us friends!
Yard work I do not have a green thumb, glad the grass is bermuda.
Currently in the middle of the first day of winter soccer camps!
No good. Too many people know the combination.
Thursday Night Football starts tonight..
My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier,
god morning
Geometry is so easy!
big Kelly clarkson fan arentcha?
is currently searching for good dead squirrel pics. -lauren
Ever thought about the economics of perfume? The rich literally do smell different than the poor. That's so Discovery Channel!
Thanks! Sounds delicious. :)
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
Thank you for your message, we are so glad that you are enjoying our content. Please let us know if you have any questions.
Oh yeah lavender-scented deodorant! So my armpits will finally get the sleep they need.
BANGKOK DUB NETWORK : PUR<U+018E>EVILRECORDS
There's an apartment complex on Park Ave near George Flagg Pkwy. They take pets. Good Luck! :-)
lol. I'm just playing. Calm down ha.
I work this weekend night. Panama 12's. Next week is my short week
pedo lookalikes with Asian wives part 1.
i have to change the channel every time they come on, especially if im eating
At Pucketts downtown in Nashville then shopping:))
Grow up.
": Haters are pathetic" What is it you're doing again...?
: You too!
Thank you to all fans who came out to support MURFC. The A-side improved to 1-1 on the season with the 17-5 victory over Northern Michigan
guys if you're good at making t shirt designs- GO FOR IT. And send them to me and if I like them, I'll use them for my concert merch.
I don't think we've spoken before. What's up? I'm gonna do "Judas" tonight at karaoke :)
Preparing for another full day of shooting tomorrow.
I had to laugh out loud because it's the truth for me too sometimes! Here's to smoking hot bodies this summer & beyond.
The Sleep Diet. We love it!
Absolutely loving the comparison of music composition to brand identity composition using Beethoven and M83.
OSHA Thai delivers now, hell yes
After Effects skill or Photoshop skills? : I'm looking for a FCP editor with major gfx skills for a full time/long term gig (t ...
Call me buddy one more time, you dumbass, insolent redneck. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I slept for like fifteen hours straight, but no amount of sleep will ever be good enough to make me awake aghhh
the three stouges looks funny as hell.
Had so much fun in Atlanta over the last week... Back in Florida now and ready to catch up with my besties & get some beach time in :)
Thanks muchly. (or is that mulchly? ;-) )
“: Lakers definitely took that one in the ass tonight.”
Done! Good morning!
ima get soo drunk today i might beat up a russian kid lol
How often you like to read blogs updates? Daily? Weekly? Monthly? Your answers will help me a great deal.:)
Theres only one person I want 2 talk 2 n I cant cuz Ive been a complete bitch for the past couple months tho I dont think they noticed
I wish I was actually old enough to date at least half of the guys that I actually like...
"If it wasn't for you i would never be who i am" This lyric means so much to me, honestly.
August 2nd is my birthday. (: You are so cute and talented! (:
Watching Braveheart right now. It really makes you think about how so many people take freedom for granted these days.
I encountered that earlier. Switch to reading mode. Problem solved.
Listeninn to Music.! !
You should fix that.
Working my Butt Off everyday of the week right now... I don't have time to tweet much these days. :(
S/o the homie !! keep doing what u do my nig! Tell a hater choke on a sick one!
Nor did I. I have higher hopes for Dictator, but will still probably wait for it on cable. I'm not a movie person
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Local visibility...
sounds good, let's talk soon to schedule both
I am still awake & have to be up in 5 hrs.I do my best thinking when I am trying to fall asleep.The dogs are snoring & now I am hungry! :(
PRINT, PURCHASE & SAVE! Rebates available on Artograph products Extended to December 20, 2009. VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate for details.
It corrected just now... ...double purr.
lets pray..he's healthy!
Know your wedding gown fabric in case of a spill. Stains are more easily removed from synthetic fibers than natural fibers.
Im just letting everyone know.. I am not the one to fuck with!! Ill drop hell ontop of your stupid little fuckin head in 1.5 seconds! IDGAF.
Got family/friends in town? Bring them to ! We're OPEN regular hours today, 12/24. (But we're closed tomorrow!)
Ron artest is dumb fot changing his name
Burlington is the stuff. Great accessories!
I have no idea where my boss goes during the day
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. -J. Willard Marriott
Happy Pi Day!! A Number that never ends....3.1415926535…What's your favorite kind of pie??
One expects Jimmy and Herc to feel disrespected. Both got washed out when they thought they weren't done. Herc was right.
tyga montana is pretty good too
Cleaning for my mom and surprising her at the hospital was a success! there were happy tears. :) But I'm so exhausted it's ridiculous.. <U+E13C>
good job last night!! Can't wait to see ya next week!!! See you soon at work!
yeaah I guess it's so weird.
I LOVE THAT KEY SWAGG BOY
We fight, get jealous & sometimes get mad at other Mahomies. But in the end, we still stick together. Mahomies are a family<3
random fact.... beer is good
Get Money & Have Fun Spendin It!!!
I love using phone to tweet but what good is phone when stranded son can't reach parents bc #sprint down for receiving texts/calls 5+hrs
we luv penis
thanks for saying goodbye after our special night ....jerk
Goodnight #Smarties ! Go watch Nathan's video!<3
still interesting ...
Let's go #Tigers, verlander as an underdog is something you don't see often
If you don't mind Sarah tagging along, consider them taken!
All my life I've wanted to be noticed, like on TV or the Internet, but how can I do that is I am terrified of people?Wait til I'm famous! :)
2011 Production Projected to Fall Depending on who you ask, next year's residential originations could vary by $400 billion.
get well "chosen"we need u healthy moma, luv u
well I also carpooled and took the bus some.
plus I have a big trip coming up in 2 weeks so a lot going on right now....sorry but I need a wee breather once in a while
Looking at my workout for today and I'm doing legs today.
Give Pat my thanks for her hospitality today. Lauren enjoyed the site visit @ the Matilda Joslyn #Gage home tremendously.
I kno the feelin RT : I want to be done....... Done completely with him.....
No Bernadette Peters ???
RT : The #LuckyStrike givewaway rocks! Definitely crossing fingers on that one! << Yes it does!
Can someone explain NASCAR to me?
So did Adam and Eve have belly buttons??? They weren't born like we were ...
so it was Shaun Daniels?
": Everything's crashing down."
Jordyn is so cute "Ashawee I miss you"
It is, isn't it? I love the high-intensity. Zach also teaches at Fit. Love them both.
im playing call of duty!!! CUZ ALL I SEE ARE GRENADES!! ;')
do you ever work? RT : So excited to climb the Grand Teton next week with
going out with some friends yeah baby :D
Dude! I was dying!
I jus play wit my check u kno i been had cake
congratulations and welcome to the family!
Being under pressure is highly inevitable in my habitat but I'm never under pressure cause I keep the pressure under me.
40 days all be changed .. Beleedat!
your gunna do AMAZING tonight on the #AMAS !
P.S. Lemme know when you wanna collect the phone.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. - Danny Kaye.
A nigga always ready ..
This is The Story is Here
ALL YOU FUCKING HAVE TO DO IS TEXT ME.
Let each other talk without censoring, making wrong or getting defensive
Mr Fuller you haft to chalk it up!
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
RT I'm very not into engaging strangers at all. I like to pretend I am in a steel vault in public.
nothing like two great rides to chase the blues away <3 my horses
A rescue?
hell yeah!
Widmer Brothers Hefeweizen is slightly tart, with fresh malt & good bitterness. Refreshing!
Of course - and I knew that! What can I say - foiled by a typo.
Hackers are still spamming me and telling me people are saying bad things about me.......
thanks for the RT
And my day is getting worse and worse.
Hey Hey long time no talk but always keeping up with u !!! Let's catch up soon.......
most girls right now would be "everything i said to him was lie anyway"..yeah,not me. i dont take back anything i said.
how close was Peyton in becoming the Packers coach? Thank God!!!
Time to pass out. Not sure I can even manage to squeeze reading in first. So tired, and long couple days ahead....
I hate it when my teacher is being a total dick... Specially after Such an awesome weekend :3.
I loved 10 Inch Hero, Jensen was amazing! I will have it at work today, in case you stop by :)
Omg I'm having an amazing night hahaaha
ik she came out of her cave we went shoppin today together
Ok from my last tweet I didn't get his name right. All I know is that I feel like a school girl when I talk about him. Lol
Hughes pitched better tonight. But he still hasn't gone that deep into any games. Not even 6 innings tonight. We need more
Just realized i tweet the boys at the most random times possible..like they arent even on what is this bullshizzle
Separated at birth! RT : I feel honored that and I tweeted two of the same articles. Or he stole my tweets ;-)
Lottery fever is sweeping what is normally a staid and rational office at the press...
What sayeth the DSM IV about that?
#Thankyou all for following me!!
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!!! That's amazing! <3
Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!
Just want this work day to be over. Grrrr
Mommy dearest found the wire hanger!
Braun should get the night off more often.
I love that! When u know you know!
I just watched it last night! She was amazing, I love her best in the devil wears Prada though
shoot i can't lay down all day... That's why its taking me so long to get better...
That always thrills me and my wallet, too!
And the three rules for presentations are... come to the talk and find out!
Got a few older ones that shud b looked sum AAU ppl, but I'll keep them plenty busy this summer either way I assure u!!!
thanks so much! :)
I am too she put a beeper on the fridge so it goes off when you open it and I'm not allowed in it. yes I am 3 years old.
people around you can't comprehend why you do the things you do,or why you fight so hard for something that seems to cause you so much pain
Watching Impact Wrestling....with the mute button on cause it's way WAY better lol.
FSP White FlexFit hats are now ON SALE! Visit the "Shop Now" section in Facebook!
Talk that talk bby!!!!!
Hopefully meeting & the rest of one week before my 19th birthday #Novemberhurryupplease!! :D
I want in on all three of those bike rides! It's almost your birthday, lady! Crabby cancers...;)
Would it be inappropriate to call s presentation friggin' pimp? Yes? No?
.. for recapping what a great wk I had & thinking "How can I make it better nxt wk?" RT : You tell me: Fridays are _______________!
That's so exciting! :)
Voted #3 on the Best Places to Work in Albuquerque, join Bank of Albuquerque for an Open House (informational session) on Thursday, January…
A3. To start have a firm strategy. Social targeting is a great marketing method if you can get your target response.
Thanks for listening and singing after I gave the testimony. Have a good week.
last slide "I willz hack fer tuna"
Went and looked around the TTU campus in Cookville.
Is my MLB app going crazy or has 's voice dropped an octave? Still sounds great.
If you're an FIU Panthers fan, you should definitely follow Cool Panther gear!
God. What malleable dillweeds you are.
you ain't kidding!
29 to win. Theoretically, a chasable total even with 1 wicket in hand, if PAK just stop batting the way they've been batting this over.
try Camille Armstrong she should know of something.
They say love is the key ... Somebody changed the lock . <\3
WHATS THE WORD BRO IM OUTCHEA!!!
All your life you hear people say it doesnt matter if you win or lose as long as you did ur best etc.. Feels Damn good when u win 1 though.
If the articles linking him to United are accurate appraisals of his ability, he should be scoring overhead goals every game. Haha
“: Im going to call you Classy Cody(; #PureClass” good I idea(; i like it(: -Soph
Duplications of my new music will be done today, so i can send to radio stations. exciting stuff for sure
cuz he locked up
alright, I'm outta here. catch u kids later. xo
I know u r a librarian and all, but you would be the best Indy bookstore proprietor. I would go broke buying books from you.
No more live stream... Sorry!
Hugs are good! RT : They don't hate you, they just need a hug. 's Jason Duty on negative online commenters.
I think im going to bed. Night
GREEKS FREE TONIGHT @ #INFERNO!!! COME HELP THE AKAs CELEBRATE THE GRAND FINALE!!!!!!!!
Sorry if that story was misleading to say that people would have to pay interest while still in school.
Perfect! I'll see you at SBUX next Wednesday! Yeah, finally!!
f BrazilLovesAustinMahone f
Don't know what I want but I know it's not you Keep pushing and pulling me down to you,When I know in my heart it's not you
is right. Our side had better start fighting back, and hard. America can't afford to lose this war.
All that lol
Hope you enjoy it!
#FF David Garland () - the #1 non-boring business show! I LOVE his show.
new Jamiroquai and new Eve6!? what is this the early 00s?!
the Justin beiber freak out was probably the best thing I've seen on the jumbotron all season. Too funny!
surabaya,lo pi?
To work in Hollywood, an actor needs to be on purpose & "be on fire." The trick is to keep going through the rejections and no agent help.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught. :) :)
sorry but the site is down due to project overload. DM me and I'll link you to my personal site
We’ve got pizza. What you got?
My mom treats me like I'm a criminal when I'm on the computer all day. At least I'm not like most teenagers getting high right now.
@ BROOK DA STREETZ MUSIC GROUP LOVE YOU FOR THAT MENTION SO WITH ALL RESPECT SHOT OUTS TO YOU
Am I the only one that likes goosebumps..?
Part of me doesn't wanna go to sleep yet
HE GOT 2 CHAINZ... I GOT 2 EARRINGZ... WHICH MEANS I'M STILL IN THE GAME... ;-0
Love your photography! Nice to see what you've been up to since Hercules. Hug to U.
our CEO is also trapeze adept...
Day #1 of our 1st camp of the summer (out of 145) in the books. Felt great being on the court
you are neither an alley nor a shrimp!
FREE PHOTO SHOOT to the person who refers my 500th follower...just tell people to follow me...so easy! (Thank you for the support)!
Our pleasure -- thank you!
Novak seriously needs to chill with the discount double check
within reasonable time, and the question also grammatically implies "new" (thank that little "-er" on the end of "stronger")
What's your favorite way to spend the weekend?
Thank you Anne Holliday and WESB-AM in Buffalo, NY - great interview!! Love your show!
- will be organizing another ArtsTechSF for March! Perhaps you could make March your once a year (-:
I wear baseball caps a lot. Especially when the top is down on the car or I'm playing golf.
Pima County's redistricting committee nothing but a dog and pony show
I have no idea (X and random but can you put any earing in your cartelige or is there a specific cartelige ring????
Kudos for plugging
Thought I was a master of collective nouns, but didn't know the crash of rhinoceri. Dance of deadlines, though: just right. Thx.
JVR and SIMMONDS are Horrible. The Flyers havent been the same since JVR came back.
my lover, my life.
Take a shot 4 me
"Learn what works and what doesn't..." has got to be the laziest marketing copy of all time. Right up there with "now more than ever..."
Actually there is a #WineChat that started on Sundays but I think it is on Mondays now during other chats.
wait what? Hahaha
thanks for the follow. Do you know what's the latest on the Aqib Talib trial? It starts soon...?
I would officially like to welcome to the Twitterverse. #2Tall2Fall!
Senator Marty: when old people have been up too long.
Puppies are so freaking cute!!!!
ooh... you're up against Harvey. Maybe if I stand in the right place I can hear you both.
Well, I'm glad you're feeling a little better anyway. :)
I watched it too.. kinda... the volume wasn't on... I probably would've cried if it was on though..... you know how I am...
yes they are.
Thanks! We can't wait either. Shouldn't be long...
Patchy frost around town. More likely west of downtown. Lows in upper 30's. Sunny once again tomorrow with temperatures reaching low 70's
Second cup of coffee for the day #addicted &
Helping kids is what we do! We would love to have ya make it happen with us. Check us out!
ah...you better tweet some more..
I'm soo hungry!
he'll be back for the finals we good
My show Dino Dan coming this fall on Nick Jr :) *giggles*
That played out pretty much exactly as I had feared it would. Still, nice, and unexpected, run
windin' down from the long weekend... work tomorrow.
us three are no longer friends
Paul George throwing it down
The fact that Nerlens is announcing in the coolest way possible makes me want him at UK even more.
How ya been?
City just said it plans to introduce police reports showing the area is unsafe, and 7 witnesses
OMG, I have never worked with a worse carrier - can't answer an iphone question - three different opinions.
I'm sure it will and we can't wait
Have a drink. -clink- Found the Bud Light.
I wish I cared more, but I guess it just doesn't mean much to me. I'd have trouble naming the last five winners
Thanks to all of our friends for your support yesterday! We are so fortunate to have this opportunity and amazing people to share it with.
Boyfriend dump me for my enime why some guys have to be jerks<U+2639>
Join us tomorrow night for Cafe Bohemia's "Wetback" by Elaine Romero directed by Samantha Wyer in the intimate setting of The Temple Lounge!
Common sentences I hear. "who's Carlos?" he's my phone. He has his own name. And a cradle in my car
Where have u been?
Being a social entrepreneur these days isn't just GREAT! I haven't paid 4 a lunch in 2 months. People invite me 2 share ideas & eat 4 free!
I'm digging through the crates!
The rain has cleared and there's a lovely breeze here at Club50! Join us tonight for #HappyHour!
Still love Ferris B...cute..wish Cameron would have been along for ride in the Honda
if i text you back even once you should feel honored because im an awful texter
I was a skeptic until she found me a convenient repair shop when my bike chain snapped on my ride home yesterday.
#RiseNGrind First stop Starbucks so I can make it through the day!
Something bout' a truck..
It's all good except it misses ! Hows B.Wood? x
4 more to get to 800 followers, anyone fancy giving me a hand?
Thanks for the follow !
RT : . regents just voted to help fund Austin med school. Huge step toward modern health care system....
jdibi 2alla yekhdak... apple is ahead of who wle? samsung is the world's biggest smartphone manufacturer.
Can't even get on right now!!! The site is that jammed!!! Headed to Rupp in a few hours!!!
<<<<the abuse has taken on twitter this morning, welcome to the real world
smh looks like ur orlando magic gon have a short playoff run my boy
My cousin's husband broke his three-year silence with me. Asked me if his mother-in-law's margaritas were made with a mix.
"The difference between you and God is that God doesn’t think He’s you." - Anne Lamott (via joycegarcia). RT
Kenny King and Rhett Titus are backstage. They express their disappointment that they have to wait even longer for their title shot.
Girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions, & an education, because 10yrs from now "swag" isn't going to pay the bills.
Sometimes u just get tired of certain people...just fed up with the constant bs.
Corey! Love me the long ball!
Why is the tornado alarm going off....?
u know Jack u and sweety make a gorgeous couple lol she's on my profile page right now lol
Friday night. Fallout: New Vegas. Heaven.
Slow down
'if you want to really do a good job at urban affairs coverage, love it.' 'you can learn what you don't know.'
Horny as hell! Need to get fucked...
Ben Sheets patrolling center field for the #Brewers today.
Coldplay. For those of you who are hating go ahead and see them live. Life. Changing.
Now Look At What You've Done!
just got it!
i will watch the view for you
Oddly enough, starting class w/one of Matt Groening's School is Hell comic strips turns students into a happy, almost heavenly group.
I was not cooking no reason.
So true! Just shopped at the Indian School store with my wife tonight. Love the staff there
The next seasonal beer styles I will anticipate are hefeweizens, wheat ales and dunkelweizens which are summer beers. Skip the spring!
At least you have me. :) #theatremajor ()
i really think if i died right now no one would care
It's Friday, Friday...but what is even better is reminiscing about 90210's musical guests back in the day at the Peach Pit.
where are those JJ&R t-shirts online to buy (and WHITE visors and yoga pants) we heard about? Dang...!
NOTHING'S FINE, I'M TORN.
3 hours left to come buy some !!! Come through and show some LOVE!
AWESOME. Some really really good things in it.
My sister just brought me sushi from Bonsai <3
Can't ever go wrong with Dolce and Gabbana and Louboutins.
Why can't you buy a Kindle Fire?
I did read online the critics calling out the metaphor, not that you are a critic ... gah.
I don't stalk people on Facebook I just want to no what they r doing all the time.
kianna said go home!
RT : First day of exams and a bitter-cold day on the Hilltop. Perfect day to stay warm and study -- good luck everyone!
I would have presented at #FLACon2012 this year, but they denied my application for "Librarians & Pantsuits: a Match Made in the Stacks"
“: I like chocolate cakes. I like that. And so on. So we didn’t have any illusions about communism.” Quite obviously.
Proposal to shorten election day voting hours shot down ... again
It's no way I'd be a street hustler today because they dont make any $. You'd come out better working @ McDonalds.
James Bond <3
I think a titanic account followed me just cuz Leo DiCaprio is my bg...
Wow - small world sometimes isn't it? Thanks for the RT. Have a great week!
Dam im tired as shit that black ops be havin a nigga up all night
hey im down to link up. Dm me your number. And wer can i check out ya musik
GOSY hit a high of 120% Hats off to the editor another triple digit winner
HOW U BEEN
I hope someday to get a mom of my own and experience this "counting"
omg cute.
Especially proud of our partially-hometown hero Mark Ruffalo, who seriously mastered Bruce Banner/Hulk, balancing terror & comedy perfectly.
Goodnight Dashawn <3'----- :'( I couldn't even talk too you. '-sad moment -' :(
Read at RADAR tonight at 6pm at the library? I'll pay you $100!
Yes, the hound was strange, but not as strange as Irene Adler
I hate these lonely nights...
Driving out of the school parking lot blasting Getting weird looks.
Its hot as hell outside today
A4 #FutrChat Get comfier with food in the spaces! I'm not talking messy bbq (or am I?)
Thanks for the #FF!
Today I am truly thankful. Thank you family.
RT : My favorite quote happens to be from Ted Turner, "Early to bed. Early to rise. Work like hell and advertise."
Looks like you got hacked!
more followers everyday good looking yall
My bestfriend be laughing at everything i fckin say (YoyoBan!)
ha! smartass holiday greetings
TWITTER CONTEST! We are giving away 3 fabulous prizes. A Brazilian Blowout (1st), a 1 hour Swedish Massage (2nd), and a Classic Mani (3rd)!
Oh yeah, my car thermometer is reading 11°, CrAzY! <U+2665>
Thank you friends, fam, contributors, #Affiliates. +#WomenBuild~^~2012 doing #SocialGood globally and in the clouds.
im not ignoring u shut up
Happy birthday to the amazing, phenomenal !
White Bear PR will be heading to SXSW next month! March 11-14. Please let us know if you'll be there.
lakers forever baby!!!!
Meh my life is ok....boring lately i wish i could take some salsa and pour it on my life to spice it up :D
In MKY, hanging with Patrick O'Rourke in the LA, good times!
I'm related to the de la Pole family. Edmund de la Pole, Countess of Salisbury & Henry Pole were relatives who were killed. Boo!
we will take all the thoughts and prayers we can get!! I'll pass them along! Thanks!
Food trucks are so cool the lines are at least 30 Mins long.
awh thanks girl love and miss you.(:
where do you put all the sausage?
Lightning and Prince Digo @ Hongs HQ today. Atom 1 presides over day1 of guitar overdubs. work on PetScans continues...
I'm bringing a stack of logs to burn under my desk tomorrow.
cool where dis u get it done?
blah.so.BORED>>>>>>>.tweetme =D lol
Portillos is going to get ransacked by my mouth.
So glad about Theodore and Garrison back tonight! Awesome news :)
DON'T SLEEP "DINGBATT" IS COMMIN SOON....
Grandmas are the BEST
holy hell. Where oh where can I still buy Fresca?
I am so tired man. I'm seriously sitting here, drinking coffee and laughing to myself about how tired I am.
you have gorgeous eyes sweetie.
yay!!!! “: Only 44 days until the 2012 Summer Camp Music Festival!”
THERE SHOWING A MOVIE ON MTV AM I ON THE RIGHT CHANNEL?! WUT
Nope #idowhatiwant and don't forget the fuzzy house slippers. I gotta walk her, I'm doing it my way.
Love to see u, all thing beautiful in Brooklyn visit their event info Soho -guess who will be there next weekend?
He would be a penniless hack. Once a hack, always a hack.
Why are the numbers on a calculator and a phone reversed?
“: Don't ever change yourself for someone, if they don't appreciate the way you are, find someone who will.”
Please let me know if we can bring you anything tomorrow. I'm going in late (at 9), so could stop by in the AM.
Can't wait for Sunday! We'll be giving $1000 Off room rentals at at booth #304. Please Share!!
We would love to talk with you about doing an episode on what we are doing in the neighborhood of Oliver in Baltimore City.
Cats take out Texas :p
Government taking you backwards...sounds standard?
Lovely shutout, Lundqvist!
I feel like it would be insulting to Mother Nature not to enjoy some wine on this glorious day.
Good Morning all. Hope everyone is having a good morning! Have questions about your upcoming event? Need ideas? Give us a call!
Hello Metroplex !!Black Friday today !! everybody has been since midnight buying C U 2NIGHT @ Mambocafé Dallas !!
2012 Music Goals Part II: 1- Tour 2- Perform 3- Drop 2 more dope videos 4- Clothing/Shoe/Cosmetic deal 5- Find new management
Kind of mesmerized by 's perfectly texturized hair. Going to request messy twists for my next blowout-sick of my loose waves!
When u can tell who farted in class< lol
Enjoying the #wbagala in Madison! Bunch of radio & TV people in WI all dressed up. Wait, TV peeps always look good
Boring ass Friday.
I was surprised! She's too sweet
Learning about file formats and bit rot/corruption issues... we went from policies to practice in record time.
So you live on SI doing the same old shit with the same old people, you're dirty as fuck, and you wanna act cocky?
Tech field day starting with Kaminario
Cabby strikes out the side!
still need your help getting MLK day off
thank you! Love all ya'll! XOXO
Hope everyone is getting ready for classes, and what better way than to join us for an afternoon of Chinese coffee and treats! 8/17 @ 3:00
Those are fun...
Nailed it!!!!
I woke up this morning and said: "Today is going to be a good day" :)
#TwitterCrushes are LOVE THEM they are all so talented and very sweet :)
He Hit His Head. But Soon As I Pulled Out That Icecream Sandwich He Shut Up -_-
At The Focus in Huntington, WV with ICRIS, Gorilla's of Gospel and Dizz...hip hop in da WV!!!!!
my last day is on Thursday and I get out at 3:30...I'm home now though ha I got a ride ....
Donald Driver is one I my all-time favorite #packers . Very happy for that guy.
just liked your fb page and followed you on tumblr! xx.
we don't like to brag, but you can! thanks!
Dan's My Turn, Lakefront Brewing, Milwaukee: bronze in Baltic porter (28)
It took something no one wanted in order for something to happen that everyone needed. Powerful word from
Watching the Grammys and doing my taxes.
Why would someone describe themselves as a cereal entrepreneur? Are Toasty-Ohs that profitable? What? Oh, "serial". Okay.
let's make a fort!
def ate and drank too much but trip was so fun. Downtown is awesome.
Can somebody tell me what is doing in Miami? lol cuz obviously hes not going to answer me . sadly.
Agreed, NBA is over ratted! : “: F the NBA. College ball is so much more worthwhile anyway.”
The wise saying...changes lives...
Just unfollowed someone for saying "who the heck is Bon Iver?"
i wish we didnt have to! I miss the way he always pinched my face when he said nice to see you. Such a wonderful soul
Welcome to our favorite spot in Texas
That's not why I'm asking. Just remembered I had wanted to read it.
!...You se attack the block? So pumped for the ripper dog!!!!
damn that insulating foam! once the straw breaks, its worthless. ugh.
Failure. Spectacular failure. Also shame related to failure.
Will be having another (smaller) informational meeting today at noon for people looking to get involved! #servemarketing RT!
but they did eventually take your money, I'll bet.
Cool, just let me know
I hate the way grass smells when it gets cut...
Crossing off summer TODO lists. I've trained my eyes to scan for ink density, and ignore beyond a threshold
so sickly. :(
JESSE MCCARTNEY IS MAKING NEW MUSIC. #ehmagawdtimes3 !!
Vans book signing tonight was AWESOME with Van Doren, Alva and Cab. Got new Vans as a gift from Van Doren. Pics tomorrow :)
thanks for the #ff... How u doin
I don't know how to process that
RT if you are a Mahomie and you are online? <3
Remake love. RT Love doesn't just sit there like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
Greetings everyone!
I miss you buddy
do you tweet all your articles? I want my life to be interrupted when you post something.
Workout. Check. Cup o joe. Check. Breakfast. Check. Feeling great. Check. #Winning........always :)
Sounds like Madison is a bit too north but I'll keep my eyes/ears open for anything that might fit!
Sunday is time! Tune in for laughs (and some serious stuff too) w/Dan and Casey. See www.nursetalksite.com for details.
oh you will be the first to know!
Probably in reference to his 3-iron.
your supposed to be there for me right now but your just not going to talk to me.
nope, no one. How about you?
Paterno doesn't "coach"...he watches the game from the sidelines.
ah I love someone like you! It would be amazing if we could play IM5s song! :D
KING $HIT
enjoying this heat and humidity. Anytime to grab a beer around town
Mother's Day in the Cromartie household must have been a nightmare.
lololool you stupid!
MySpace Updated!!! Stay tuned for News Block events and song releases!
im great, how are u
the 1st round's on me!
Write without pay until someone offers to pay - Mark Twain
And 49% of apps are found by a search on the app store; 34% from a personal referral.
OKAY CUZ I WAS FINNA TAKE OFF! U GOTTA SPEAK UP! LOL
I think I'm going to have to hire some more people to the #Photochyck crew. It's getting harder to do it all by myself.
don't remember the exact syntax for the ln command but that should dump all Chrome's cache files into oblivion. :-)
Yeah, but we'd know you'd been REALLY good if it had been for free \m/TACOS\m/
Now on Netflix Instant: Office Space (you're welcome)
<3 the new belgian white cider from thanks
Catch me smoking weed where the wild things are!
yea I know, I worked there for 15 hours last Wednesday lol. How do you like it?
thanks for the follow
I never had this bad of a traffic issue with greyhound, must be a newer driver
yeah :-/ i never developed a lump or anything though, lol.
Day 2 of #MLW12 just about to start. Adm. Mike Mullen to keynote.
Doing a shoot at Confluence with team Overweight to Endurance Athletes
look on MARC scheds, generally only board passengers N of Baltimore though
So this is what Cat Scratch Fever looks like ...Pure Hate and Ted Nuggent now has it.... NRA may catch it GOP has it.
RT : Any fans of the movie Morning Glory ..... i thought it was pretty good!
SO I HAVE TO REALLY SIT THRU THIS GAME -_-
If you see an onion ring - answer it!
Check out and at the Pepsi Lounge.
Hyperventilating is awesome.
Connor are you pumped for your prom that drew is going to?
TONIGHT: Naked Third Thursdays at !! Great lineup: + more !! It's going 2 be #CrayCray !!
Do you have a peanut-free night this year?
My room smells like nothing but sharpie.
can't sleep because all of these damn bitches. ugh I feel so sorry and I hate them all
You and me both, sister.
The New Hit Single "Break Me Down"Featuring Timothy Haze will finally be leaked to the public Tomorrow @ 2pm I hope everyone enjoys it!
Sorry - meant to include !
if that were actually true why no, you know jobs?
PickUpLine: Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I've got all weekend.
Being healthy to us means being active in our community's future through volunteering.
This year's tight job market is likely to be a small blip on Gen Y's otherwise positive life trajectory. - HBR
may I have the country of origin? And could you use it in a sentence?
The whole thing makes me laugh. Every sentence is a joke.
happy birthday!
Last chance to shop for Mother's day! Come get her something she'll love at Bath & Body Bistro! We've got what you need!
sorry to be a bummer on such a beautiful day, but your site's down.
Is it passive aggressive to tweet about not sending passive aggressive tweets?
tell all ur followers to follow me i will follow them back pplllllzzz <3
I'm looking at #RNC on #seesaw. That's all you need. Hashtags on the big screen. SOLD :)
GAMEDAY!!! opens a huge series at Stetson at 630pm! Listen on
Good grief, if Walker applied the same math skills at Marquette as he did on WI's job numbers, how did he ever graduate college?
My next goal is to play all the Pokemon games and beat them all.
haha guess so!
I agree and was thinking it has to come to NYC soon too. If that gets announced, I definitely plan to partake in festivities!
Thanks! Hope we can construct one of these this spring in Charlottetown
We're submitting your pics, blog posts, new project plans, etc. from #THATCamp Games to the THATCamp proceedings this weekend; please share!
Now that song is stuck in my head .
not the same. Facebook 1 twitter 0
are you ever gonna Skype again?
#outnumbered is hilarious! "The romantic poets were a bunch of emos"
trust me, no u don't! It's terrible!
take a shot for me
hey.! I saw your human billboard today at kiss 98.5.! It looked really good(: I was there too haha
4 more days till my birthday!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Scholarship Pageant is this Sunday!!! Come support these girls!
We need to not forget He is the fulfillment of the Law
Receive new opportunities!
10 Tablas Creek Antithesis #Chardonnay. Classic CA Chard. Butterscotch, creme brûlée nose. Continues on palate. Buttery velvet 94 pts
Hey, I salute you for that. I can't even watch ASPCA commercials--I start tearing up once "I will remember you" starts up.
i dontt have any :(
Just Happy!! uhhuuuuuu!!
How do ads impact price? As much as you would hope. Strong emotional connection = permission to charge premium.
I'm on the way
Planning a Party??? ---> www.patrickscatering.com
My phone hates me :/
I pray I have tomorrow off
“: they didn't fall! But wasn't it amazing! :) #BoomBoomHey “: "Creep" - don't fall!" -- Absolutely!
hell nah I hopped out the car and ran!
So Customers being extra nice today... talking bout they love my name..guna name they kids after me n stuff lol o__0
Me too! I sing the praises of the morning people. But I'm an afternoon/evening crossfitter.
#lrnchat are we back to sage on the stage Vs guide on the side Vs no guide and a very sketchy map?
plugged the lamp above my desk into the outlet attached to the lamp and then wondered why it wouldn't turn on....
.... Standing next to the most gorgeous Guy. :)
RT Whoever organised a fun run in the park opposite our house that started blasting music a 7 but was finished by 9 isn'...
lime myself?
I guess I should go look at the new Google+ everyone is talking about.
I believe he was out at a bar with family back in Mullingar.....I think he met her there.
has a rough workout ahead tonight... definitely taking it easy until then.
Young yes. I saw him and he is Top 10. Staubach I didn't see but imagine he's somewhere on the fringe of Top 10.
Happy birthday Ahman! I miss seeing you in a Green Bay jersey, but that's life, have a good one man.
Congratulations everyone! While we're getting rid of legislative evils starting with a "D," how about nixing DOMA and the DMCA?
Downloaded a random Travis porter song.... It's the sing I've been looking for like 3 weeks. AYYYY LADIES!!!!
its great I miss the really young cody ;)
Look at his stat line in 1956
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?
Whenever I hear someone on KUT talk about "this donor wall…" I hear "the stoner wall…"
you hear the mixtape bro ?
RT The Simpsons have iPhone :O
Some people amaze me. Really..
Thanks for the #FF :D
one of my favorites too
sadly ive seen worse
ran out of soy milk today, so i had to use cream YUK! tasted like vomit!!
Thanks for the interesting information. Do you know if Texas and Virginia are among the 12?
There can be no such thing as writer's block in the next 48 hours
Structuring your business around a firm set of ethics is key. Make it an expression of your path!
watching Lekan figure skate as the princess on the wii was priceless! That winter olympics game is fun!
Tread me like a joke & I'll leave you like it's funny.
lol, not sure the urban dictionary is the definition I go by!
Only 3 more days until #VMworld !!!! Join for the exciting release of the groundbreaking technology of #SkySAN booth # 1248
I've seen 3 such emails so far RT MoveOn sends out fundraising email for Obama pivoting off marriage equality shift
Thanks DJ MissBehave!
Even if doesnt notice me i'll always be his fan and i will always love how hes such a great inspiration for everyone I <3 U:)
We are still hoping that and Brew Master Jeremy will be pouring at the Art of Beer. Only time will tell though!
11:11 use it wisely. I know what I'm wishing for.
tell your brother to text me back! i miss him :(
duck my sick 5 times then... Make my day!
lunch fail
perfect! Thank you so much. There are so many cool jobs that use a creative philosophy or touch on it.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
What a good day:)
Perhaps an expectation, but also a potentially useful point of brand distinction, i.e. HBO above the all-you-can stream fray.
hey to u too (:
Pulling out the #meh card when you don't know how to fight back in an arguement.
yeah... happy valentines day to you too....
Someone text or call me since nobody else has time for me *couqh couqh*
thank you!!! Cheers for the friendship too!
Later today I'm going to share links to my favorite software that doesn't get much press- open-source stuff & things not from the majors. :)
“: ' doing his superman thing again. #HateThatGuy” Thanks! And sorry?
ohh the other one i had, i deleted that one i believe.
DISCLAIMER: the views expressed by and his "quintonisms" r solely his. although if you knew quintin, u would share his view too
Beach = success
2012 is my year... time for a comeback!
What's wrong with that woman?! :-)
I'll try to represent the bottom bracket against
tell your laptop it isn't them..its you :-)
uh oh
happy birthday Callie
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
Preparing to speak at Stout Field for the INARNG's State Chaplains Conference about The American Legion's TFA, EAF, & CEW's EFAP
When I go to concerts I always like taking odd items to have the band/artist sign them.. To see the reaction is the best! What is ur item?
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I think he would love it! :)
Having an iPhone means you spend a year and a half terrified of breaking it & another 6 months kind of hoping you do.
I'm not a philosopher, so I don't concern myself with questions like "How many Oreos is too many?"
lol...every time Oregon kicks off the ball, I expect to hear "she's a maniac" in the background.
Paid $15 / 24 hrs to use the wifi on my laptop in my room at the hyatt. If I also want to connect w/my ipad, I have to pay another $15.
I hate this class can school be over
thanks Dean!!
- thanks for posting!
Going to be dancing at the Hollywood Music in Media awards tomorrow night at the Highlands Nightclub at the Kodak Theater!
if u go on eBay I have this picture. Item ID
Happy Easter everyone! Looking forward to our morning of celebration at Solana Beach Presbyterian.
Good choice for a song with Clay Walker!
Are you and gonna follow this year's draft, or are you done watching?
I <U+2665> Gavin Degraw for a long time. Thanks for giving him good air time #DWTS!
I don't run away from problems, but I would rather kill them than solve em
Corporatism is not Capitalism
yes sir!
not that i didn't know it was coming, but seeing that #bent got canceled still makes me sad
tuesday morning i was bit by a (large) dog on my forearm. why do my shoulder muscles hurt so much, too?! ugh.
did you know...that.. I love you :-)
I agree. At this late stage yes. 2 months ago it would have had more impact.
Spent 12 hours leading an intensive f2f class this weekend, envisioning how much better it could have been online.
That is pretty cool! Not sure I would do that with my collection but it is pretty amazing.
Want to go see the next game? use www.TooUtravel.com to book cheap travel!
Even two glasses don't have much effect on me, but I tell you what does ... student achievement.
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” <U+2015> Mahatma Gandhi
Playing universal Blues Brothers show today ......let the show began ......<U+E040>
wow! i've never heard of 'mowhere'. is that a division 3 school?
we could've probably gotten a lineman/receiver and gotten Weeden at 37. the guy is 29 years old.
Catch Curator Ben Thompson Saturday morning on in the 7am hour. He will be discussing the new exhibition ReFocus: Art of the 1970s.
. oh! Please please! I can't wait :D
- been there before bro.
Testone will win
Just got yelled at for not picking up the phone, after I told my wife I was going to the movies
Im still trying to figure out twitter...then again I hate my cell phone time for an upgrade!
told ya haha
It doesn't matter how good anyone looked last night. It's how much fun you had. & if you didn't have fun, you may as well have worn a bag.
Gahh Florence is coming to Merriweather in Sept?! Must get tix!
If you want to learn how they work, watch TSM_TheOddOne's Twitch TV channel. He's a top player and the best at explaining.
Where's all my sunshine ladies
shit i don't know how to make a work cited page!!!
Dear Face Wash Commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.
Why does it always take a break up to get me to man up and get a new tattoo or piercing?
RT : On line audition coaching sessions available soon! Email: for more information.
pic? love it...looks great!!
Sitting at the gate at the airport and my regular 5am alarm went off.
agreed that the omissions here are striking.
awww i miss you too “: I miss #oomf”
You too! RT : Be well and enjoy the weekend!
Happy Birthday! What a great way to celebrate....seeing BA! #bestbirthdayever ;)
Which blog posting platform do you find most useful for image-based academic blogs? Scholarly bloggers, please weigh in!
Do you have me coming on tomorrow's show. If so what time? I'm good whenever
Its a damn shame you starting off the summer like this. Haha but hey, I'm used to it.
Hey we're from Portland! And that's a great review. Congrats to Ben!
The W Hollywood poppin off tonight Where you @?
Tempted to install the OS X Mountain Lion Developer Preview for the AirPlay Mirroring feature. Can't wait for this...
nothing it aint my fault im hot stuff ;) haha i miss you we need to hangout
Thanks, Nancy!
This Saturday I was suited up and had a Ted Mosbey moment. Back to the scene of the crime...next Saturday
Shouldn't have done that. I bother you too much. I'm sorry.
and u would think correct
you had me going on the Rapid City job, i have to admit -- i was like oh that's cool, there's gold in them Black Hills
I'm in such a good mood for my birthday the rain isn't even bothing me right now
Haters gonna hate- keep killin em money
love the hash tag #itsagame -- nice work
I know!
Yes, a Frenchie named Norman. There are some pictures on our profile if you want to see the mascot in action!
Blah Blah Blah Im Just Haven Funn
<\3 I'm done I'm through I really really hate you !
Wow. “: In the 12 hours since Bubba Watson won the Masters, he has picked up 1 Twitter follower every 2.6 seconds.”
U /go play Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Even if there was rain, at least I could test my Viva Glam Gaga... <3 For me, it was waterproof. I love you !!! <3
let me guess? O'Hare??? You're a world traveler!!
Sounds great! Email me at and we'll set up an interview! :) Thanks so much!
ODP soccer, Congrats :) My niece in Maryland is on an ODP team, (sorry to jump in your talk, but ODP caught me)
Spring break is a thing of the past... :(
I hate when people think bc theyre thin that theyre healthy. Just bc you play xbox all day, eat like shit and weigh 110 doesnt mean your fit
Thank you, muchly.
done and done. You--i mean, that guy--have ur first follower
Studio tomorrow, time to start recording for the full length :) check out the EP here! www.soundcloud.com/Iamforyou
I've already forgotten. What was it really?
I will forever be able to vibe to Lights Please.
thanks for the love, dude! hope you're doing well!
Did you have a chance to see the King Tut exhibition on your trip to The Children's Museum of Indy?
happy birthday hun c:
Another Florida team bites the dust! So happy Florida Gators r heading to Sweet 16.
Just woke up from the best dream ever, & I were hanging out!! (:
Back in office , in business mode... LOL i think blah i tried
<3 <3 thank you sweet sweta. when are we seeing each other??
The funnist thing to see on the bus Is a fat bitch with a big burger king bag
I've never had a BoyFriend! Never had a first kiss! Nothing like that! Don't even have a friend that is a Boy! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> -Maria
Raining again two days in a row...finally! Hope it rains enough to help put out the damn fires *fingers crossed*
Keep Voting!
Made a really delish chicken noodle soup tonite... W/ grilled cheese sammys on sour dough... M Soup!
I read this tweet in my sleep and thought it was too good to be true. I want in on the next brainstorm sesh.
"Bucks fans, Are you not going to the Bucks games because of their record, the building, or OTHER?" << Other = SJax
larry david i've missed you...excited about #curbyourenthusiasm and duh
Ellie Goulging's Starry Eyed is getting popular... even though it's old ahaha
Watching Brides Maids
going to school singing say somethin'
I love you all :)
I'm not living if you're not by my side. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
To what do I owe the distinct honor or your twitter follow Ms. Cairns?
And we were joined by the TWU Local One Hundred
I love that feeling when someone tells me ive been loosing weight. Im so proud of myself and feel so accomplished. :')
you know it. They really weren't ready
Cant win a race
Mad as shit that my 2k game broke
I know my audience
R.i.P Knicks
Justin who?
FUTURE HATER IS HOT NERD GLASSES ARE HOT JOGGING SUITS ARE SICK. LOVE YOURSELF BABY,
& it's not even my birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Plus it's been a min since I last got tatted
tx for RT Chas - obviously a cause and Post near and dear to my heart!
that sucks :( mine came here from Turkey for passover & they're leaving in two days (just 3 days before my bday) :(
About to knock out.
Up and at it early....good friends kid has first communion and then a party.....church on Saturday and I'll be drinking early.
I really like...if it becomes a series, let me know!
will be the millennial generation panelist at the next Chamber Business Growth meeting. Time to get that suit pressed.
The former, *please*. Out-of-date Tweetdeck (before it was bought by Twitter) seems to be best. And that's ridiculous.
Up this speech tomorrow..
Does Google Docs no longer let you print out 3 slides per page with notes?
tyler perry's why did i get high?
#Brewers players taking BP here at Miller Park, sight for sore eyes.
Like we say, Its for when your real life needs a real wake up!
From Shoot Us Down
91 left of ~687 entrants at Jax WPT Event 1 -- I have 55k just about average. 70 make the $$$ and Jax more than doubled the guarantee !!!
Have you ever wondered how to get lower credit card interest rates? Visit www.CreditCardNegotiations.com
Shake it shake it like your supposed to, if you know your getting over...tell'em copy copy over! #CopyPaste #DIGGY ;)
Only.... If I can have some whip on it.
I always want to warn them to turn back now because it's not too late for them.... :)
why was orabrush video so successful? good length, funny, fast moving, educational, call to action.
My goal for the day: fix the economy and legalize marijuana
Not happy with my performance today. Record is now 5-2. Mainland & University better be ready.
taking any interesting classes?
Spent the entire day watching reruns of my favorite Asian TV drama. Those were the "Meteor Garden" & "Full House" days.
Gettin lifted as
Israeli officer reassigned after striking activist - Jewish Telegraphic Agency
bottom of the 11th! LETS UP GO CARDS!
so u don't care keeping me around...ok fine
Agreed. Also nice that you didn't block out the media or arrest reporters.
Oh My! another week is soon to pass! what memory can make this week last? Big questions for the small mind.
Are you following 2 of our awesome shows? and You should so you can be awesome too!
when you got tired of being invisible
I always fall for your type.
im a girl
Being faithful to your boyfriend or girlfriend should be common sense.
WE BUY GOLD & SILVER ! WE PAY MOST IN KENDAL !
is preparing latkes for 400. Need A LOT of POTATOES.
RT : This day will happen whether you participate or not! #face it #embrace it
Yeah, "parallel lines on a slow decline" is incredibly sad. One of his best lyrics.
I promise I'll stick to my time limit this year (fingers crossed)
#blessed , I say that humbly, I am nothing without God. #GNight&GodBless
Wisconsin, you are such a tease. Bring back the warm weather please. (I promise to stop rhyming if you do).
Awesome! Thx Mathias. Let us know if u need more product.
im guessing the power in town went out? lol its all over FB!!
We are at having our 1st DC Fundraiser helping to raiseoney for our Fashion First Program taking DC students to NYC!!!
What the eff? We just had an earthquake!!
i gotta be on twitter more , ctfu , smh
MANS WORSE ENEMIES ASSUMPTION AND PERCEPTION WE AS HUMANS ALWAYS ASSUMING AND PERCEIVING THINGS WRONG OR DIFFERENT THEN THEY REALLY R.
ha! convergence...
Suggestion: take a nap. Two possible causes tonight of sleeping during game: offense, lateness.
