Great! Was just thinking to do that as well. Will connect with you right away!
Someone tell me what this 50 shades of gray bs is
don't get butthurt cause you got a small dick !
I am well. Tired.
Lmao everybody mad
Stay in, away from the snow and ice! NO REHEARSAL Tuesday, February 1.
Welcome Jack!!
After watching the unveiling of the #WiiU, I'm intrigued but still maintaining my skepticism. In any case can't wait to see games for it.
Pretty likely, yeah. Filming is big biz here. But arcade at Redondo pier is big and open-sided. May be able to grab something.
What day are you thinking off?
has invader zim, I have adventure time. I can just watch this over and over
RT : Great! We'll see you at 2012 too then! Can't wait!
Bitches who sit & gossip aggravaye me
This wasnt the end its the start of a new chapter Your dreams will come true hopefully soon! id buy your music, much love<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Thanks, just emailed you.
Anyone else in Milwaukee (who is stuck inside working) wishing they could just move their desk outside?
new follower! :)
Please take a second and check out my video Meet JO-WAYNE!! It's our way of introducing myself to the World!!! If you like it Please Share!!
Really? "#Bruins defense is like Tim Thomas at the White House, nowhere to be seen." Wow, is this what it's come to?
Hope everybody's spring break is going great! Next week we will be starting our week long raffle and silent auction, more info to come
3 days until new site launches.....
Yo who wanna hit me up though?
Are these tweets from old people in Miami?
National solution in the form of strengthening #CAPTA requirements warranted. #ChildAbuse #State Secrecy
Beginner Yoga with Laura 6pm tonight. Great for new or seasoned yogis to practice asanas (postures) & breathing techniques
Yay! Congrats! See you soon, love!
Better than Things? was just thinking of downloading that, but if Omnifocus is better I will look into it!
#dragrace is this for real?! has to win! Squid fingers, c'mon!!
Just crazy! If losing weight and toning were THAT easy, I'd be thin and toned too! ha ha
you should do it! You are definitley emerging leader material!
NEW ACOUSTIC SET in WA Where: Mandolin Cafe, Tacoma WA Date: Friday March 16th 7pm-7:45pm $5 at the Door Ill be hanging out after the show
Definitely! Let me know details whenever you have a chance.
Waiting patiently for my iPhone to finish charging. It isn't easy.
I'm coolin wit my youngest
Senator Herb Kohl at the BC tonight for the #bucks and #knicks game
MD Court of Appeals have decided that pitbulls are "inherently dangerous". Next up they will decide certain races are dangerous too.
Gotta get rid off cellulite before the summer....
Steve Blake. Like A Boss.
YOSO - You Only Sleep Once
The NBA is just the worst.
gotta love ms.waldron...
Why is the schedule different ? I wasn't at school today .. I probably missed everything ._.
At the ob/gyn with my lovely wife -- I've never been in a room with so many pregnant ladies before, lol
thanks for the shout out Stephy!
we're trying to do at least one a week now because i know how desperate you are for info about our activities.
not fun...ever hear of the cellhelmet?
Not in the mood to work today, feelingg like poop.
please follow back (: im watching you on younow right now ^.^
Daley maneuvered to expand pension: report
ha! awesome. At least i know my career has a future with the anklebiters.
I always win
we need people to follow on this account. our timeline is dead.
Everyone please tune into Tonight at 9 pm and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary :-)
Surf & Turf Burger, 1/2# prime Angus beef, lobster, fried onion rings, provolone cheese & truffle aioli served on a kaiser roll w/ steak fri
such a fun day :) i love my boyfriend.
watched the oscars last night!!!! ii have to watch albert nobbs, war horse, the muppets, and a whole bunch more!!!!!
Deepest Condolences...
Call Now for a Complimentary Consultation (800) 810-1580!
The are no answers to love, success, or happiness. That is the beauty of it all.. No answers. Just life & adventure.
Sounds like a good 48hrs.
Thanks! Wanted it to represent the #lnyhbt soldier that is weary from long day at work but ready to fight!
FAKE FAKE FAKE! !
What's Love ? In Math its A Problem, In history its A War, In chemistry its A Reaction, In Art its A Heart, In Me its You :)
I was a jock, but I've never understood also why sports takes priority over academics. We've got to fix this!!!!!
' Newsflash: I am special, and I will never be one of you! I have a disease? Bulls**t! I cured it with my brain, with my mind
shud have came. Makenzie is here too :P
nah girl im good! Relient K is just kinda depressing sometimes lol
That game is really Early but could be worth waking up for. Isn't it 5:30 AM? May have to run the DVR on that
Feeling inspired by the new content I'm discovering from all you wonderful folks out there twittering :-) so...thank you!
we're still here, just masked in alternate logos till fall!
I love that started off today's company meeting with a rap that had over 30 dick jokes in it.
you should go to Wisconsin! Lol
Carwash, new bike tire and I'll be ready to roll
EVEN ONE DAY I'll meet you '.
Another hot day today......
Landed in Orlando last night; not working definitely has got advantages. I highly recommend Airtran, first time on an LCC, and it rocks!
Bring me along..Bring me along!! Ohhhwhoaaa take me anywhere with you my girl!! Why can't it be June 15th already I'm in full Pepper mode.
A. Chase Budinger
If one word could sum up the way I am feeling it would be: Karoshi
correction: no one is going to believe the fake ID you made with photoshop 2 and a color printer.
is going to be on #ninelivesofchloeking tonight!!! I'm soo excited!
Still thinking of what to do for celebrity day... any ideas?
Ravens Sunday= Free Sonic Purple Slushes> Just ask> Limit 1, No other discounts>valid today@ 8212 Liberty Rd>Try the new $1.99 toaster melts
I love when mom calls to offer me some of her prescription drugs. once cured a severe cold in a day w aids meds my dr aunt gave here.
Your full of it... I'm done trying to be nice, and dealing with all this BS! I'm not gonna feed in. I'm just gonna kill you with kindness.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What is a biology teacher's best tool? What is the one thing you can't teach without?
They truly did deserve it and we can't wait to have them come to San Diego!
brb gunna kill myself
winning!! studio!!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence
My favorite part of Saving Aimee - Kassim!
Get your Grandad Turner(feat. ) yet ? #4 on Billboard (jazz albums). this & other on iTunes
Oh dear. Hope things get better for you soon.
Pacers lose.....again. Wake up pacers organization. I think a change in leadership is needed.
you poor child :(
RT : - Hi there! I sure do have a blog - still trying to find my voice though. Here ya go - housefulofnicholes.blogspot.com
Did any of our followers participate in the Shamrock Shuffle today?
Festival opening night! #MFF2011!
Don't forget Rotton Wisdom. Peep us on Pandora. Thanks peace
I bit my tongue earlier and now i cant stop biting it. uggggghhh it hurts
#BadBasketballPuns She told me she wanted to
won symphony tickets and $100, kicking ass @ the trivia cruise this weekend
what the F?
Suffering from a bad case of 'I don't wannas' this morning but life is kinda smacking me upside the head & saying "Shut up & do it anyway"!
its like 1:52 its lunch but u look like me cuz n big fan true jackson vp is the best tv shoow eva
I found your Load Storm tool site. Awesome tool! How does the licensing work? I'd like to use it for a VMworld lab.
we're so excited to work with you!
Two Words: John Carter.
HAHA yea, where's the tall brunette on the menu !
My ex husband and his brother had been out drinking, and were pulled over at the end of our block. The ex passed the field sobriety tests...
Shes so lucky:)
While you're hopping you may as well rinse off, I suppose.
#ff a shout out to all this friday
Autumn in New York City. Finally.
Daniel Webb needs to stop pooping his swim trunks and farting in enclosed spaces for ALL to smell!
deleted it :-)
Testing: hello facebook
me too! Ps nice article!
Thanks, Dave! It was a small conference (100 ppl) but very worth it.
Your farts smell like vanilla
she was asking me how to sign up lol ": lmao my mother became a Street Teamer on my mailing list lmfaoooo"
Apparently I passed all my classes this semester. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> guess it won't hurt to do summer school.
haha I really don't know..I must have hurt it during dance
Man Ziss Lens Rock
LOL. Hayleigh tweeted it from my phone at lunch and it won't delete
YEAH for Season 2 of #Suits If I get this job in Chicago it will be the reason why I get cable faster after moving in!!!
what u ridin girl???...u betta behave....
now do the bourne movies.
Nice visit to Allora Vineyards, St Helena, #Napa. Small, family owned/run producer of interesting cuvees. Like Napa used to be.
If I choose you over sleep, you better feel fucking special.
Lots of dads and kids fishing at Wingra Park this morning!
lol I'll make sure to put money on the side to buy you that red electric wheel chair :P
NEW TWITTER !
Haha. Well truth be told, we've been saying nasty things about you for weeks and I thought it was time to tell you.
just saluted a stranger on the street...but why??
I am noticing CNN usually picks things up about a day or so after it hits the Net. Bring back Walter Cronkite!
Wow. I didn't know Jennifer Morrison had it in her to act like that.
your welcome Jann and thank you! :*
RT - July 2nd and the tribe are in 1st place. That's right people Indians. As in Cleveland in 1st place. Where are al...
I'm not the only one. "RT : It's sick how much I love the fact that Withings data can integrate with fitbit, RunKeeper, etc."
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we unfortunately didnt have to provide us with insightful and educational information on IT topics!
Fucking A. Seriously? When is the Chamber of Secrets gonna be open on Pottermore? It's past "early 2012". Just sayin'.
And let the excuses begin!
hey tweeters, do you love the performing arts? Then start following this incredible theatre company based here in DC!
- Thanks Victoria! Hope you're having a great weekend.
Who wants to go see wiz Khalifa wed with me
Thought the macaroni box said sexiest macaroni there is.
It was our pleasure! Can't wait to see the episode. Watch out for those racoons!
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
We would pick the one day of the year that Ft Myers only bridge is closed for the morning.
The rocket summer/switchfoot concert tonight in asheville!
great to see you at the UPAF Kick-Off yesterday, too!
my friend tells me what she likes about me is that i am a positive person. so true but sometimes it's a burden.
oh just wondering how much time difference there was between us!
I think these niggas out here reading lips, salty we the only niggas eating chips
seriously. when can i see you?
we were there-trust...just not by choice
It's terrible.
You really think fan interest will return if Bucks push towards .500? That's the worst place to be in the NBA.
lol yea once a year! Go get up more than that buddy!
Why can't the judges stand up for Jessica, she sounded better than Joshua!! Not fair
4 Yrs $85 Millions with a Team Option of $25 Millions for a 5th year.
Sorry if your account says we've followed you 4 times over - twitter isn't showing we've followed folks we know we have!
Yay Everton! & happy with Spurs of course. James and rest of footy world still reeling from City/MUFC matters.
haha. Awesome I'm Physic !!! John cena and the rock !!! Tag team !!! lmfaoo !!!! =» eve and kelly kelly now !! Hahha
ur not hungry? Omg call 911! Ill eat for u!
I don't love you, like I did, yesterday.
Thanks to BizJournalMke and for posting about the Grand Ave!
"Midnight in Paris" reached $52.9 US and $98.9 globally as of Monday.
Does that necessitate three exclamation points?
John Richards () killin' it this morning ! Heard Joy Division and Kermit the Frog!
Awww...Thanks, Lola!
Good problem to have. Shoot an email to and I'll get you connected with the folks who can make this happen!
I will NEVER smoke another cigar in my life again! Same with He said maybe he will.
Besides being witness to an insane car crash where the lady turned into the oncoming car, my day is going just fine, thanks.
i must be running on sunshine, ain't no rain gettin in my way
Thanks - great tips! RT Using iPhone to shot video? Touch the square over the subject to keep the subject in focus.
I love how my parents call me dumb..
I know bahahaa
no doubt as a journalist I think you have to test every social media option. It doesn't work for me but hey who am I
Too late... We're at home watching Sounders Vs Dynamo...
Hey Milwaukee! Come workout for FREE every Sunday down at Bradford beach @ 10:30am! (@ FREE Milwaukee Bootcamp - Sunday Funday Bootcamp)
In which we attend a wine dinner & decide to cap off the night with a margarita. Best evahhhhhh
ugh.. Good luck man, I'm sure you will be just fine
Having fun screen printing simulated process & full color process prints.
Thanks for the support!
I have an over abundance of snow peas from the garden. Anyone have a creative way to preserve them?
So excited to play at our new release show tonight after sets from & Doors @ 8 | Show @ 9.
Deadlands y'all!!!
you're nicer than my bigger sister haha
TELL ME I'M A SCREWED UP MESS, THAT I NEVER LISTEN LISTEN! TELL ME YOU DON'T WANT MY KISS, THAT YOU NEED YOUR DISTANCE, DISTANCE
you are an amazing person and i love your smile((; and am so happy you were in rebecca's music video!! please follow me <3
Douche move #153: When you should be conversing and you find yourself SCREAMING and SWEARING...you are a douche. You're welcome.
Smoke makes gum taste gross.....
I keep wanting 2 change the channel but my love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>4 pooch hall is forcing me 2 watch this terrible movie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
whats up people i need you all to follow me also check out my music
LOL HOW DID HE DO IT THAT WIZARD
VERY proud of her! That combined with Today's TMJ4 and you'll be well covered with severe weather!!!!
probably going to be free... acoustic show
Romney having veep candidates go through vet process. I don't think his vet would've approved the car roof traveling though.
dawww. de coltey baby is growing up :)
I hate it when Draw Something asks me to draw Pegasus for people who have never seen the Disney movie 'Hercules'
But she loves you!!
Reed Johnson with a walk of homerun????? Never thought I'd see the day.
You don't have to be first. Just be right. RT : Scott Skiles confirms he will return as #Bucks coach for next season.
Snow flurries began the moment I left the house, so yes on the freezing.
Not fair we still in school
I'm like a kenyan running a marathon, but I'm a drunk in
yes!!! Me too for my birthday!
Milwaukee City Transit System <<<<
ugh! Just UGH!!!
Great blog post ! Kept us in suspense. Everyone is asking what the fish measured?
did u? Where?
Yes, absolutely. :( Definitely sticking with it. It's not worth it.
Please send your contact info to
Out of the hospital! :D
Heck to the YES! Thanks, I promise I'm a real person and not a spammer! I DO need your social security number though... (J/K)
My friends think the most interesting man in the world is planking the final boss of the internet. Challenge accepted. Come at me, bro.
do u like fish
lol for secret service on duty... yes I am!
lol. My point exactly.
": Its a Thin Line between Love & Hate no its a thin line between fries n shakes lol
Iran or Arizona?
is it just me or did tumblr change it's font...?
When laughing, bodies produce more neurotransmitters for memory and alertness...so laugh!
We are hosting a Lunch & Learn opportunity for anyone interested, clients and associates. Our first one for 2012 will be held on January 20…
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to musicians that have influenced their lives! check us out?
wow, it is a gorgeous day in san francisco!
I will for sure :]
"There is a slideshow, and it's so slow - flashing through my mind. Today was the day...but only for the first time." ::travis::slide show::
Haha that's so cute! Was he just that cold?
#milwaukee We make custom products! Stop in, ask questions, get ideas on how to complete your project
It won't stop. Make it stop!
Gearing up to write new screenplay and getting ready for my next role... Getting ready to set up with an acting coach. Missing my kids...
I SPEND SO MUCH TIME ON PRODUCTIVITY TOOLS THAT I AM ACTUALLY NOT PRODUCTIVE
Hey wana go sunday? me and my friend whitney is seeing it on sunday
Thank you for the mention! If you have any questions about my positions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for...
Everything about her is PHAT RT : The dude that called Adele"Fat" is an idiot. The only thing "Fat" about Adele is her paycheck.
I beez in the trap.
Cherry all day. I don't even want to know what kind of crap they're printing on those banana ones.
who would you compare Barron too? I don't see the Berry or Thomas comp. Not sure I see him as a top safety, but draft is so thin.
Me too! Thanks! Have a good day...
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
love when that happens
At home:)
Damn, they have badass shoes. Lol.
im about to come up your house and go to sleeepp. cause im scared if im sleeping my mom will ne like why you so tired lol
Life Marches On! Live Each Day To The Fullest!
Practicing when your sick is the worst! But I'm excited! Even though I'm gonna die(:
That's a role compared to batting under .100
It's only after we've lost everything that we are free to do anything.
Old news buddy, had it at Piper's yesterday. It was unreal, even better than I remember.
just focus on the beer!
not a bad idea -- i can certainly do a fedora/solr/blacklight VM; beyond that are a lot of missing pieces for a full UI..
No problem Michael, glad I could help, I always appreciate it when people point out a bug on my servers.
I'm a coconut black outside and white inside
Alright, I have been dreaming of a site that aggregates all my social media sites into one...alas was found!
Do you like fish sticks? Do you like fish sticks in your mouth? What are you a gay fish? Fish dicks!
/// I've noticed a lot of Laker fans tweeting "Kobe would've made that shot.".......did he do anything against OKC last night?? [crickets]
yah it's a total deal-breaker for me if a guy I meet isn't into hockey. C'monnnn man. Lol
Dr. Antonio Flores President & CEO of HACU will be at USD on 2/21 at 4 PM in MRH Auditorium. Dr. Flores will chat about the future of HSIs.
Girls get fed up over all the bs and when they do they can hurt you just as bad as you hurt them...
#oomf is beautiful. Inside & out. Her personality is just as beautiful as her voice. Can't wait to see her on
Over a third or 33.9% of U.S. adults are obesed and by 2030 about 42% will be obesed, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported.
Brio Flatiron Branzino, Mediterranean Sea Bass With roasted Potatoes grilled string breans
Thanks, Sec. Duncan & Dr. Alonso, for coming out to play and for support of recess!
They are indeed. Hehe
Congrats! How do mummies celebrate?
Welcome and thank you to all our new followers. Look forward to connecting with you all.
Hope everyone has a GREAT weekend!
Which and JOJ songs were your favorites (to perform or liked the most)?
Wow we are busy. Thanks for the no show. Joshua
Me and my twin are going matching tomorrow :D
Improvised diner at Meza in Cap Hill, and loving it!
This week needs to be over
Yes, we would like to be considered for best desserts. That would be cool.
Not let Iran go nuclear a$$.
been glued to the tv watching the #CaseyAnthony trial for a few days now.. its like a reality show + extra reality
Read about Disney doing customer service consulting. Hm. I will take the STARBUCKS experience over the Mouse any day.
Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Anyone have any good stories from the field or court?
This white dude is about to get slapped in the face.
I got the best present I could've get, but one thing is missing. to follow me! :)
thats a good thing but i can tell its kinda gettin to him lately. he's still tryin to juggle work/us but he's doin ok it seems.
What can/must be done in order to end all major problems (poverty, unemployment, homelessness, crimes, hunger, etcetera) of Earth humans?
you should be able to get Yuni in the 4rd as a steal!
at the next Thursday is sold out, but you can win tickets and find out about other great shows on the
While u all up on titter
lmaao for real dude! This thing loves me :') its my new bestfriend <3
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music
i lost my voice from the concert last night, but its worth it!
i love you!
#NM, please be safe during this storm!
Consider said marshmallows routed (and yes!)
I really did not tweet jack you! my guess is the cats
Congrats man....In 15 yrs as an NFL agent, I have never had a GM call me so many times to sign my clients UNTIL NOW w you!
At Church And Fredo's Fine Ass Just Walked In ;)
Brett Favre has not yet been cleared from his concussion. Will he play tomorrow? Yes or No?
I hope that manager nigguh calls me back tomorow for a interview , I don't like depending on others for money.
no problem!
Cmon you know it only plays "One Less Lonely Girl." #paymoreattention ;)
Quote by Horace Mann -Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity -comes to mind watching tedx youth day prez.
These are my own fault so why I'm even crying.
Come see #TheOysterPrincess tonight with a live score from #BeeVsMoth at 9p
Such a treat to have a great convo with a great friend. is a woman wise beyond her years! Thanks for tonight :-)
#houseofblues just launched a brand new #restaurant Crossroads at House of Blues! Come check out the brand new amazing #food in
#bruins GOAL!!!
So quick to hate and so hard to love
that or we will all be paying this new amazing trend of RSD12 EBay hike the price Bullshit.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Reach Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
Stephen Jackson on the spurs...
I'm good, wbu Youngster??
Woe up earlyAF, soar throat, went back to sleep, now running a little behind and may be late to class..
you need a man like you need rat poison in your cereal.
I like exercise to relieve stress. What do you recommend?
"Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity." -St. Augustine
Wow, thank you so much for helping me reunite with my community with plane tickets
Thanks for coming out! We hope you had a great time!
Really looking forward to the gym<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
i really like being online at the same time as the boys aw
2012 Goal #10: Feel good about completing Monticelloman Sprint Triathlon. Feel good about the run and the knowledge that my knee is good.
It's too early to be awake. Have to head to Indy for IGS board meeting.
Thanks for the shoutout!
well that would explain the epic fail. Who did DW7? Has it been the same producer the whole time other than DW6? Really it is? Huh
for real? can't tell if you're joking, but that's the most fucked concept for a strip club imaginable.
Back in 2003 on Presidents Day: TWO FEET of snow. Wouldn't mind that today at all.
Where can I get a Twitter #Election2012 tee?
Make sure that good stuff still in that Sprite
Happy Mother's Day! Mothers make a positive difference in their children's lives.
Commissioner is on his way to meet me n the photographer clifford dickson
Started a spreadsheet to track duplicative bib records I don't have authority to resolve. Next up: spreadsheet to track my spreadsheets?
haha I mean do whatchu do! It's all good.
I didn't get your Mother's Day wish, but I accept it now. Steve is awesome. The kitties are now living with Whitney Hoffman
YOU GOT A BAD ASS BACKGROUND ;)
is Wil still part of ive been trying to contact him about the gruesome death of tommy pistol.
It's still a trek, but a bit more to it now. Like
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. ~ Dave Barry
Satisfying win. I think we call all agree on that! Roll Tribe, a 5-4 W!
-- it was really great briefly meeting you after the panel today. "Oprah still means something...."
#colts news conference on now - Irsay now at the podium
Thanks, we had a fun day!
good luck packing!
watching a documentary on some guy walking a tight rope between the world trade centers. never in my life.
Library Program today, looking for ushers for MML, and gearing up for our Beginning Acting Workshop.
Okay, cool. We weren't fighting :)
Thanks for the follow miss
30 rock pulled off saying "jack-off" on primetime. South park would be proud.
RT:New artists or DJs,start w/ what you CAN do. Get a YouTube channel, be compelling.No one is stopping you
I had so much fun last night thanks
Memories don't live like people do... They ALWAYS remember you.. Whether things are good or bad... It's just the MEMORIES!! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!
Too, too kind.
Hey #Wausau Folks: WAOW and WSAW will have unclaimed property stories tonight - make sure to check them both out!
Heat will when by double figures. RT : DWade scoreless in the first half.
I will check it out. Flipping Boston isn't too exciting!
There's a smile on my face when I'm broken inside...
: T. Ridge & L. Freeh back online #poker licensing. Please back Rep. Barton's HR 2366 at the 10/25 hearing!
book u can't sleep tomorrow haha
im not a star somebody lied a nigga play around with me somebody die.
I'm not surprised! It was very obvious, especially when you were thanked in the end credits.
I kinda like it when Ron Paul gets all fired up. I find it amusing.
Lol right, I wish I can go all out like I want to but Im doing what I call "ballin on a budget" lol
of course they did.
JMU graduation, cinco de mayo, and 's bachelorette party. what a happy day today shall be!
Sorry, can't. Attending the ITA CityLights event.
National Travel & Tourism Week begins tomorrow! What are you doing to celebrate this weekend?
I Knowww Omg and Thanks... And No Big Diff... So What You Did Today
bestie I'm exhuasted. I had to work from 4pm to 12midnight then stay at my store and open up at 5am due to the door wouldn't loc
iOS 6, what I want: A system to allow and buy tweaks, widgets, themes, etc. as well as normal apps that are approved by apple
He wasn't on bench; he was at the concession stand. LOL Got a pic of him!!
another epic friday at the library. prepping for visit tomorrow! very excited to learn more about the two weymouths!
Chipped black nail polish! :)
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery
OMFG. RT : If you're havin' life problems I feel bad for you son. I got 99 problems and your capslock tweet is one.
I wanna feel reckless. I wanna live it up, just because. I wanna feel weightless, cause that would be enough. "Weightless" by All Time Low
she can no longer bring movies. . .ever
Me too baby! ": :Ding lol"
#Breakfast #Baltimore #FarmersMarket (saving the vegan cookie for later)
ends with question we need to ask "am i living up to academic practices or academic norms?"
I am home, exhausted, but really, really inspired by an amazing team and amazing fans, thanks!
There is a certain subconscious expectation when I buy a burrito from Chipotle that I will not be awake for long...
2 new paintings finished! One of them (24" x 72") has taken me forever to finish. If all goes well I'll photograph them both tomorrow!
Kay sweet I got it!!(:
Does anybody wear a 3XL?
POSITIVE MINDS..THINK ALIKE :)
I like life.
Hope today is a good day :))
Peyton Manning here in Denver not sure how I feel about it?
"He go and make breakfast... you walk around naked."
How long do you keep eating the Tigers cornbread before you say man this team has some issues
mourning the death of Steve Jobs on something he created. Forever grateful.
lets go!
People that Made Me Smile Everyday & <3 :D
I had so much fun today with at Jungle Jim's!!! :D
Ha Ha Ha ha ==>I. Be on fb foolin
Two Jordans on the Lakers today. Durant and Westbrook losing their youthful edge..
RT i don't know why they say a girl's best friend is diamonds when in reality all women adore pumpkin flavoured coffee
Watching Law & Order and wondering how I made it out of NYC alive this weekend.
Good suggestions, but emphasis on healthy relationship over slow jams. I guess B's Love On Top would count, but..
thanks, but no thanks...
Yurrp I'm in solon right now at my ppl cookout...what you in2 RT : you in town bro
Can I get a refill. :-)
watch out! (crash!)
welcome aboard!!!
it's perfectly normal for me to pretend I'm the #barefootcontessa when I use pricey cheese in grilled cheese sandwiches xo
thanks! :) whats up?
A fuck niggaaaaaa , thats that shit that i dont like . Fake shoes that's that shit I don't like .
Got neg. ppl in ur circle of friends? Make the circle a little tighter.
I spilled a popsicle on me on Sunday. And my arm still has red dye on it.
Hoping that #CPSiliconValley will include highlights from Brasil, México, etc.
The winner of the VIP table at Smokin Hot Aces tonight is !!Congrats!! Please reply/confirm by 7pm
I can dig that!!
Working late finishing a semester's worth of grading, digging your grooves. Thanks.
I agree! I don't think I'd ever want to use one, either. Those who tout them are often pretty aggressive marketers.
...and what's that?
No prepurchasing, unfortunately. Its going to be first come, first served. RT : Can tickets be prepurchased?
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation. ~Author Unknown
Better make sure those are some heavy-duty earplugs if the LRAD gets used. Beyond loud, possibly damaging.
Impressive Established Leaders panel! Purdue black alums are doing some amazing things.
A healthy, low-calorie "ice cream" from # Tastes like the real thing, I swear!
hope you are having an awesome day! Xo
Feels good to not get stuck in the cluster funk that is the red line during rush hour
. thank you for your support. If you have any friends who haven't yet voted, now's the time to get them out!
I just finished a 1.81 mi run with a time of 22:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Watching charity basketball (no defense) > watching Spaziani (no balls)
At Cal Expo for the CHiPs for Kids toy drive! Come out and hang with us, and Fat Lever! Don't forget ur new, unwrapped toy!
Don't think just do!! RT : Thinking I may go down to to check out His production is fire.
I certainly got my cardio in for the year!!!
I'm working on a new one!
Ate at Veerasway last night. On Randolph. Very nice, service was great, food has some kick. Drinks are strong. Thumbs up.
i was sitting in the middle of Math 120 this morning, and about half way through i felt searing pain all over. I don't think thats good :(
what a day, what a day! Seattle, I love your schizo weather sometimes.
I have gotten So many emails about supporting gay marriage...we all knew he was getting to it!
congrats on winning some free tea. Who doesn't like free tea? DM us what you would like. Thank for hooking it up
My manager is two hours late....oh I am about to be so fucking pissed if I drove down here for nothing
I wish book club would just die
There are just some days I really dislike my alarm clock and today is one of them!!!!
is almost finished our next behind the scenes video with En Fuego, and !!
Me too on that site. Love windowshopping. Buying... Not so much.
Just finished Alice LaPlante's Turn of Mind.
I say is officially a Texan. Happy first week my friend!
you didn't follow me, but I followed you, follow back ? (:
yessir it's gonna be an epic nite!
“: Wish today was Saturday” I'd like to redo saturday.
What a great morning in #Chicago!
a lion or a snake..idr some type of animal
I ripped open my back...
Oh bbyy , You're welcome .(;
Hate period pains
I dont believe in that Expensive power balance bracelet!
that picture was legendary
These articles cover what we spoke about last week. students learn writing skills from immersing one's self in social sites.
Even at higher genetic heart risk, lifestyle helps
#GoodMorning #twitter I'm up bright an early and I have no school!
As just said, this #Rockets season began w/ The Veto & it's ending w/ The Losing Streak. Could not have been more painful.
Today's Soups: Clam Chowder, Chicken Noodle, & Chili
“: Rihanna wears “Cunt” necklace to church. That’s the most awful thing she’s had around her neck since Chris Brown’s hands!”
hope ur bitch ass has fun in Miaammmmiiii! Have a drink or 2 for tha runnaz son!
But you just got here...
If you think congress can solve our financial problems, you're crazy. They are the problem. NOT the SOLUTION. See my blog on my next tweet.
The video game is due to be released on the 25th of January in the US and 28th of January in the UK
thx for the mention. Happy Friday!
is that what you're wearing on Monday? business attire!
Yay Doug got the rose!
checking on Momma...and my Uncle.
Birds of a feather dreaming of Hostess Twinkies.
Just saw Kentucky win their 8th championship.
If I let this go, if I let you go, will the scars continue to show.?<3
I wanted her to pick Duckie!
Jim "Anvil" Neidhart
Good luck to all the finalists in the James Beard Foundation Awards this evening! Cc.
Thanks for posting this...
Yes.... Good ol Fred Lamer. One of my favorites. I loved his directing class.
RT : #casesmc11, great conference. What lessons did you learn? What ideas are you taking home?
RT : A3: Maybe tying in AR/LBS contest for fans in-stadium, unlock clues that can lead them to try on actual ring
Cubs are going to do badly this year anyways, this doesn't change that. ;)
Whoever says golf isn't a sport didn't take as many swings as I did yesterday.
Rolling down I-30 in #DFW saw you're coming to the Verizon Theater. I retort "Sweet" out loud. True story. Blessings.
I know, I can't resist. I get so bored, and theres nothing else better to do. :P
Buy the paperback!
Hell, you'll probably get your own season. You'll be like the Octomom of daytime television.
Trending now
Have you spotted Tom Hanks in #Boston? Maybe he'd like us to show him some luxury property in Beacon Hill or the #backbay. :)
No Joke here, I just had a customer tell me she had a problem with the lactating acid in her legs.
Maybe you can was the small a few times. ;)
I wrote how I thought there wasn't enough talk in the Bears needing a safety. Glad they felt the same way.
We are flirting with a bubble but not there yet. at
Either way, big hole at the 4 for #badgers in 2013. (You listening recruits?)
Will You Ever Follow Me ? .... Or Tweet Me ?
Jesus that is lol
We made it!
Just finished awesome photo shoot today in a beautiful park!
that wasn't to you lol idiot!
Spring is here!!
I miss goth night
$99 for an nfl jersey? Ridiculous? Nike gonna cause gang issues over this.
-- apparently that's far too subtle of a point to make on twitter. but kudos for trying.
do you actually have any news sources that support your claims?
Ok have fun kiddo but not too much fun:P
I've actually been on Loveline before while I was playing in TBS. I've been a long time listener so twas a dream come true!
Preview is my most used mac app, opens everything w/o fussing
Our camp's two gigantic moving trucks and packed and on the road to BR City. Wrapping stuff up before boarding the RV to NV in the morning.
has a bunch of scholarship essays to to read
It's a great day.
I wanna see lol
Remember Y2K? AIM? Napster? Answering Machines? Submit to perform at the Milwaukee Ave Arts Fest 7/25. (Theme is "10 years gone".)
RT : As a manager i've learned that the difference between a pebble and a mountain lies in whom you ask to move it.
"There is such an opportunity & obligation for the Church to help children early in their lives." - Pastor
the only way to fix tna or impact or whatever its called is to erase the peoples memories of that last 4 to 5 years.
Well, us blacks love us some cool-Aid
I'm gonna spam yo phone with emojis!
Sounds like has got those moves like Jager.
it say a lot when u return to #value village 2 days later 2 buy the old mens #leather #coat u hid in the girls clothing area.
Looked like durant got fouled on that 3
Good luck bud! We are following!
yes please! Why not meet me tonight for mid-week happy hour? :)
Right! haha. I suppose I should be too. I guess it hasn't really fully hit me yet. I was shaking when trying for tix though
hey steve just doing my thing. My campaign is catching fire a little at a time
#PhilanthropyFriday Follow alum 's , helping human + animal victims of #DV reach safety together.
whoohoo on my way!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
i have a mosquito bite on my face. thanks softball thts jst what i wanted.....
"it's like a country club, but then it gets filled with molecular biologists"
he's vrowd-surfing!
Finally caved, I am now officially an iPhone user - it feels weirdly cool :-)
Just looked it up on IMDB and disappointed it's no-names. Original had Swayze, Sheen, Ferris Buller's sister, Caroline in the City
It's crazy how you can look back & see how much you've changed.
Junior year has taught me so much
i miss my meatball! wahh
Ive been sticking off , freaking off , beating off with your girlfriend =)
< back to bein worlds biggest brewer fan!
Luckily, the shoes I have on are basically slippers. Do I shuffle around drinking tea and reading? Yes.
he works nights and I work days ! But let's Skype later(:
RT: Nineteen innings of baseball today ... no runs yet.
& I can honestly say, I love my life <3
Quote of the day: "Give me a place to stand and I can move the world."- Archimedes
Time for a new phone!!!
“: my son said he liked Steven's dress better. Ha!” LOL!
Now that would just be disgusting, even if I liked bacon hahhahaha
I don't want to leave!!
#ThingsIGetAlot....DAMN ! You gotta fat as ; )
what does rofl mean? haha i love you!
We've got a lot of great stuff hitting the site in April… you may want to hold out if you're not in a hurry… just saying. ;)
Talk to your computers about Virus Protection
they better hurry up and jump in...
Cornell Dubilier Introduces Type 947D, High Energy Density DC Link Capacitors for Larger Inverter Systems
damn i feel sorry for the knicks right now
good game against us at SKC. wish it had ended differently but it was neat to see a legend of the game. thanks
Watching "Once Upon a Time" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just realized a minor typo, it's Green Mount Cemetery, not how we typed it. Sorry!
Robin Van Perdie because all season he played great and is a goal scoring machine!
2strong Ent. is checking me out! just got an email from them!!
Tonight's pint night: Spring Bock.... Followed by some mind stimulating trivia at 7 !
Haha at the zoo still. This is intense.
yeah O: <3
looking forward to seeing Stacy's film too, we missed it at Sundance!
Nored, Smith, Hopkins, Woods, and Jones, out after the timeout.
#JaneByDesign this is the funniest episode so far! xD adam adam and adam :))
if you see this tweet, please lemme know that you know I love you and thank you for all you've done for us #NSN!
My Oscar® Pick, Best Picture: The Artist
It took long enough. That is good news, tho.
Anyone watching #themiddle The Middle. That is so Indianapolis Average family
Thanks, Emma, for the #ff. i'm great, thanks! Great news about your college! xx
#1 options advisory service in America. Consistently outperforming the DOW, S&P 500, and Nasdaq. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Almost home lol
I had the stop the play or dube would have been behind our backline 1on1. Pulled him down and took my yellow
God, please get me through this. Please. I feel so alone and I just dk if i can do this.. #broken hearted..
Knock knock Taryn Brooks
Mayor Bloomberg says bill to monitor whether local banks are serving their communities is "ridiculous." B/c banks never lie/cheat/steal...
Who needs the world world when i got u? Beautiful song by
Share share share share!!!!!!!!! Havelin and I are all ears..or eyes..
At work bout to make this 13hr day go by fast
I'll be in the mix at the hangar tonight! $3 you call it's & $2.50 Beers all night long!
The Date of Axial Compressor Fundamentals + AxSTREAM Workshop in Bangalore, KA, India has changed from April 16-20 to April 9-13.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 255
He knocked out? :c aww well fuck it. Goodnight ya
Hey, thanks for reading my blog and getting the word out. Excellent!
Twiturm.com - F.O.E DA CLIQUE - DIS IS THE LIFE twiturm.com/i9uo5 via NEW YEAR HIT
im 22 turning 23 this oct :-) how old r u?
RT ": Sometimes I feel like smacking a hoe"
Adam Glick Adam Glick is partnering with #farmers , #chefs , #souschefs , #linecooks , #packagers , #shippers & #bicycledelivery-#men and #…
I understand the theory. #goodrelations has shown it works in practice for Best Buy. Outside ecommerce, you have proof points?
Yankee closer Mariano Rivera has torn ACL, out for season, maybe end of career. Sad day for all baseball.
Where the hell is my jacket?! I've looked every where for it and its nowhere to be found. Wtfffff
Cost of fuel?
Who needs Prince when I can sign Derrick Lee for half the price and half the years......Yeah I said it.
We picked another winner for tonight's #NFLDraft! Congrats to ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets for tonight!
because you can't keep leaving me ! and that is good news #yayshannon!!!!
Countdown to May StrEATS is on! Finish what you're doing and get down here for the music, food and fun.
nice tweet to yourself! lol
Rainy & coldd I'd rather have snow -__-
. two social anxieties for laptop use in coffeehouse: nostalgia for public sphere and treatment of people as objects
We're open today until 7pm. There are two relative events today.
making people look stupid in front of thousands of viewers.
KEY EU FISH AND FARMING TALKS IN LONDON
of course but you either believe in progressive taxation or not.,
damn, your voice is amazing! Unforgiveable will always give me chills! Would luv 2 have u perform in Chicago!
can you bake
RT : Excited to be part of the 1st humanitarian relief social media center-Red Cross's digital center powered by Dell
The lover is a monotheist who knows that other people worship different gods but cannot himself imagine that there could be other gods.
it is SO good! The transformations, the history. I heart drag cabaret!
no...Lee me 'lone lol
I feel lucky to be a First Class citizen. My condolences to everyone else who didn't make the cut.
I'm in love with #ColinFirth!
When I thought I was lost, is and I am very much the life that I will always love
I need your detes. Soon?
Special thanks to #Adobe for sponsoring lunch at Accessibility Camp DC this Saturday. via:
any clue where I can find that Bears fight song the guys in the Big Show played tonight?
keep yo fast as right thou
Bernard! Make me go there on twitter! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> jk jk
It's the natural order of things!
That's the ultimate revenge.
hi nancy. 3-2 BSU Softball over SL. Haha. Watch our games online live starting Friday!
can't argue with that but we like everything loud!
Same here, man! I feel like that I have very few things to edit. Everyone was on the ball yesterday evening.
that picture is just fucking priceless. shout out to #oomf who made it as a "gift" for me xD
ZICO is in Santa Monica right off the promenade! Come chill out and hydrate! Grab a complimentary ZICO while you can!
first time?! isnt it amaze!!
funny because i was tweeting his lyrics 3 days ago and he is country....
2nd prize at #health2dev goes to .... team NCI ... congrats!
Big turnover with 2:07 left.
I want to marry harry potter #whichIwasawitch #whereismywand?
where can I find the story on the 2001 best jobs if you want to save the world... on the web??
Spent another night playing 360 (COD & AC2).. gotta sleep sometime, lol
Rick needs to put the ball in Russ hands and live with consequences. Tell chane to crash glass
Dirty Randy's dirtiness is off the charts.
i'm really into balanced breakfasts lately. at noon.
"I can walk & breathe AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!" Lol. I hate that damn song, its stupid af.
welcome to my san francisco life. get use to it lol
I oppose for Governor because I support quality, affordable health care and good wages for all families
#Timbers fans... How Tough is your Goal keeper? Find out tonight :30 and 11
support hard to find if u need me I am here. Know we had our problem but we both grown n everyone need someone they can call
"not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol"
hey you okay?
Gonna bump a fatty with
pussy ass nigga man
She tastes like a milkshake made with hard liquor I told you before & I’ll tell you again don’t underestimate thePOWER of a woman
Qian Yu, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
I noticed he mounted a wine rack behind the mower seat. All he needs is a pee jug and he never has to get off it.
What " sacrifice" is Obama asking of the 47% of Americans who pay NO Fed Income Tax? NONE.
so a Bjork venue. Liked it. Not used often though.
I'd be down for that. :)
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers:6. Program your LegalShield provider law firm's phone number into your cell phone.
Ready to get home to Baltimore so I can Tatt the rest of me up
Sleepy sleepy.
"Unicorns are not the answer." -- "Then it's not a valid question." -- me.
Fist fight, with a girl, over curly fries vs regular fries? Best prom ever!
Feels like it is so much later than 7:18. Still too early to go to bed
I liked it well enough but I wasn't blown away like I have been with some of her other books.
Thank you to all our apparel fans for asking us to join! We would love to hear how and where you wear your Charles River Apparel.
I feel bad.. I only did one thing. -_-
Screen on the Cow! Tonight: 9-5, rain or shine! Call and reserve your spot for our special theater seating. 404-874-3751. Movie at dusk.
I AM SO BORED
Meet me at the lake.At the Park.Or in your room.
Crazy busy week already! Thanks for helping me with the day, I may need you again tomorrow, lol!
sometimes it's a whale, too!
Okay X, to satisfy your requirement, next time I'll pick the fight with you. Happy?
My A+ spring intern is looking for a summer gig in publishing. While she can always work for me again, I like to spread the luck.
I have an new dog his name is snoopy.
such a cruel joke that I have to layover here just to fly to Orlando & drive back
watching freaky friday
I think so
you smell, but like no you really fucking smell. take a shower please.
slayerS wins np.
yes, I never like being stereotyped, that is for sure. And I do love technology. Texting has its place
The Big Band Dance was a success!
Shout out to all my newest followers.
Timbale player looks like none other than Sheila E! Probably playing with her father, Pete Escovedo.
You are so welcome! Can't wait to see the spread.
Even with inflation factored in, could anyone argue that is more valuable than on just about any level?
Someone I know is on Wheel of Fortune tonight, but hasn't been allowed to tell us how he did. Good luck, Joe! Can't wait to watch! :)
And i could only sell 2 out of the 5 books i bought back so if i had a gun..............
I do too, and I said i'm suprised you don't like Princeton because almost EVERYBODY I know likes him, but everybody's dfrnt
t(-_-) hey wanna go eat!
We wish best of luck and Godspeed on his journey to Wales. We'll miss you!
It's a dirty...world
Arrogant empire photo shoot
Mick Jagger's "Miss You" With Booker T. at the white house was crazy good!
If we always do what we've always done we'll always get what we've always gotten...
Have a great stay in Japan! Happy to keep you connected!
trying to book one with Rosedale right now. We will let you know!
Bad days make the good days better.
For more information call New Horizon Theater, Inc. 412-431-0773 or
Umm we're gonna do this and make it work! And we don't give a fuck about your opinion.
upgrading our install to 1.5 & adding bunch of plugins for student projects. Last time all our exhibits broke so
I remember the good old days when my mom and I will watch Law & order SVU together :) ya... That was the good old days :)
Home sweet alone
my place 7pm. There is a keg of Boont Amber.
Your vulgarity amuses me. Congrats BTW.
I am purveyor of fine quality bottoms, boobs and brains.
did you find Jesus?
harry potter fucking ended! why?!?
sent all info but with no success. Any roles that fits my profile let me know.
"Get equity or die trying" I'm so middle class..Yay!
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart. - Alan Alda
follow she follows back!!
I actually was accepted to UCLA...and chose UK
Homo! You sucked @ cine space in Hollywood lame homo
Amped for the party of the summer. Club vain Detroit 1500 Woodward.. Sat 30th....
Tragic that US internment camps during WWII are requiring a history lesson here.
And no SB guarantee from Rex. RT : Tiger loses & MLB player doesnt get busted for steroids. Day can't get worse for sports media
Looking forward to seeing some #49ers tonight in
followed beautiful
ugh i can't sleep D:
he works till 3 then he taking jacoub remeber
whadddafux are you doing? Hang out wif me!
Seriously? Uggg hurry up! RT RT Still in delay. Hang in there, #Cubs, #Reds fans
THANK GOD we didn't buy those tickets
Just heard this morning about a bat flying around in cabin of plane from Madison to Atlanta. Wisconsin in the news again!
what is the status?
you let me down time after time so its no point anymore im saying fuck it!!
i was just listening to beez in da trap, das ma shit too ;)
Oldest, non renovated arena in the country, though.
Forgot how much I love north carolina <3
Did you know that Miami’s oldest home, the Wagner House, was moved from its original location to make way for the Metrorail in the 1980’s?
When are you going to London?! SUPER JEALOUS!
/ The next BUZhunt #SWAG Round contest will award iTunes gift cards to 3 lucky (and skillful) winners...
Am I the only one that thinks Facebook has gotten WAY complicated?! #WTFIsAllThisStuff???
Major standoff in my house right now...my wife wants to watch "The Notebook" and I'd like to watch Tosh.O
Installing Komplete 8? Set aside a few hours. ;) I'm quite pleased with it so far (installed 2-3 months ago).
A comment on a video of a baby goat: "What are you going to do when it gets bigger? Release it back to the wild?"
That was so gay .
big points to for responding politely, promptly, and crediting a small mistaken fee on my account. why use metro?
Running my first #neuroscience experiment today! So
I can't focus. I can't think straight right now. I can't get my mind off of this...
Not happy with J Lo's dissing on a #dmb song... rocked it!
good had off work today so I hung out with my sister and friends!!
wants his friends to continue this story by adding a leading sentence. lets go: Once upon a time there was a dwarf called.
I think so. Hope I spelled it right, lol!! This game is AH-MaZing!! Are u doing post-game?
RT if u don't have a favorite ICONic Boy but u love them all <U+E329>
FACEBOOK FANPAGE IS NOW UP BE SURE TO SHOW SOME SUPPORT AND LOVE FOR THE PAGE BY CLICKING THE LIKE BUTTON
lol i think it is funny
Learn about Torleif Elgvin's research projects and publications, and a brief mention of a forthcoming Brill publication:...
Its been a month since Demi replied to me :'D.
I noticed that too!
hahaha sorry! lol jk, so is your twitter name in reference to Ms Donofrio ?
Productive week in movies: 21 Jump Street, Cabin in the Woods and tomorrow... THE RAID
my nigga on repeat too much bass
Now: AB 2242 takes on problems with 'zero tolerance' policies
Today is going to be miserable.
hey man let's hang soon!
The fact that they totally ignored me tho..
Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing. - Oscar Wilde -
haha imagine I go to church and baptize my phone? x)
Press Releases: Brazil-U.S. Global Partnership Dialogue (Brasilia, April 16th 2012) Joint Communiqué
New York City is so much
oh:( i understand
must have had a long night because i am actually up before him <3
omg I want drinking
All artist lookin for somethin different Get @ Dope Musik im the next hot thing up and comin!
I get up at 5 am.
Goodnight to you! :)
Thanking #God. For yet another day! Glorify da Lord!
You can centralize your projects and add a boss, coworker or project partner to see your progress! www.IamINC.biz
Oh? I'd like to hear your thoughts
doin good, doin good. Home with my kids this weekend - wife's away at a women's retreat for church.
Is it weird that I feel honored to recieve a spambots very first tweet?
Wish my fone was fully charge :-( iM still sittin here
Man. I'm really digging this new EP
I will tell him hi. If I could sing like her, we'd learn their songs. Haha. Can't wait til the CD comes out
Only thing I was driving today when it came :(
We will be deputing our new title sequence in a special #September11 World Affairs Round-up. Will be posted later today on
Thank you SEO.
Ok Chitowners. I'm out!!!
hmm...that's weird. I guess I wasn't following you -_- my bad haha
Fancy seeing at the lady bball game
Dangitttt. I should've said yes..
omg I know I always get quiet >_<
I am convinced my life belongs to the society, and as long as I live it's my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
Got all choked up there for a sec... Nice shot tho kid good luck!!!
So her theory is that today's men are somehow better at their jobs because past men did similar jobs?
Hey yall take a tip from Shakspeare: throw pebbles! Yelling "Steve! "WOO!" Only wakes the whole Alley. Better yet: text Fool.
that dude is GONE!!! NO Way can he come back....Fire him
Exactly! If we take authority away from the states to regulate Reg A deals, then it becomes a viable means to raise capital.
Why do banks attach chains to their pens? If I’m trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pen
im sure at least one guy is there just to get laid and drink free wine in a mansion - which is a great reason in my book!
Scared of Lonely
I truly love challenges.
sure. I won't have my cell but come find me on the lawn by the start.
Well I'm on my way and then maybe I'll leave again.lol
For a second you were here now your there
"What is with these a-holes bunting?!" Kim said frustratedly.
dm ya number
Turns out Neal Adams is in on the live-blog too!
Damn who know a loud man thats gon answer at this time lbs
don't remember. I forgot cuz u took too long.
is 's cell on? I sent her a text about going to Midway on the 28th.
i want a fuckin
University of Wisconsin Oshkosh Rich Text Format??
Dharun Ravi: pride goeth before a fall. I bet that plea deal sounds pretty good considering what you're facing now.
that's what she said
If you like fun then RT
a lot of face melting rock at sxsw this year, but am yearning the sonic landscape you guys impose
hey you should follow your Facebook friend back :D
can i buy a vowel?...
Let this be a lesson to people: Never, ever leave a game early.
i guess ill update my phone. . . this will take a while. .
My mother called.. they just got a iMac and closed out of the Safari browser and now can't find it so they boxed it up to return.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith, and marrying my DREAMS!
Wonder how the Jeremy Lin haters will spin tonight. Thought he couldn't shoot the 3. Thought he'd wilt under pressure. Guess not.
Screw Melo! That is all
“: Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face. Ronald Reagan”
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
McFadden looks good, JaMarcus looks big
-________- RT : And just to think I almost changed my relationship status on Fb smfh
it was. A friend was VP of Sci & Tech and I got to see an actual working nano machine (w gears!) under a microscope. Wild!
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
Lots of rumors floating around about CBS flipping Classic Rocker WYSP/Philadelphia to a simulcast of Sports WIP after Labor Day...
Although I am typically anti-puppet, listening to the cast recording of #AvenueQ does help lighten my mood every time.
When I learned the #Monkees lip synced I felt totally betrayed/lied to. Then I learned about evolution and was more pissed at my nuns.
NAEP Science--16% of students perform hands on science projects everyday.
If ever retweeted me I'd rub it in my dad's face for eternity. :)
Anymore questions???
seeing you at the basketball banquest on friday!!!
Red Sox should probably just put Youkilis down. He's disintegrating. Youk would make a great platoon DH for some other team.
Why?(x
i'm at #drupalcon. We should say hi.
gfd brewers. back to the bucks game
Um, the problem is that I am not there - I am still in traffic.
the reviews keep coming
Maybe ill love you one day..maybe we'll some day grow.
I've been wrestling with that, too. #EdReform is now somewhat tainted and I'm not sure what that leaves us.
I'm reading "Lighting Out for the Territory (How Samuel Clemens Headed West and became Mark Twain)" by Roy Morris, Jr.
we'll be glad to participate
Little Weapons is in San Diego again!
The giants are letting no 39 burn them the haven't pressure Brady like i want them to the giants play better
Good thing nothing came down around the course.
I still like him tho... But I can't
Global Awarenss class! boo!!!
“: I love meeting people who are badass to smoke with.” Ello!!!
Take advantage of this beautiful weather and get our eat cheap week specials for takeout!
#SlickLiving is the name of 's new mixtape that's dropping soon I can't wait to download it!!!
You're killing me, Deutch! RT : Wouldn't be a trip back to the Hill without a morning pit stop at !
“: Why does that bother me so much though?..”
made a new Facebook (: lol I got kicked out for adding alot of people yo so...add me back
Why do I feel like I have to say, "and let that be a lesson to you, young man."?
Good morning #tweeters.(: how's your morning going so far ?
Officially done with my drivings! #OnlyTookAYear x
Playing in an all-skill-level casual games group. Mariokart Wii and Boom Blox fared surprisingly poorly in group opinion after one play.
I want fucking white castles!!!
My spiritual question of the day, where does the disorder in my life stop me from being fully present?
Capital improvement program underway! New lobbies & elevators, upgraded fire safety system
RT : Sitting down with "regular folks" at a picnic table, said the cookies looked like they came from 7-11. Wow!
i broke my phone :( ill b gettin a new 1 shortly ...DM me nd ill hit u later...but thanx
The Spurs Mobb Deep Shook Ones commercial just passed the Celtics commercial ....
I wouldn't discount the value of instructor involvement in online discussion. My students love that I'm not a distant observer
Best Idea EVER!
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch A movie you watch when you're sleepy
looked so cute last night on Twitcam <3
General bk club consensus: thumbs up on 's Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day: insightful, surprising, tho just a tad snarky
Ahaha! You think there's a bar somewhere that has a drink called The Water of Life?!
The line to vote wasn't this long for the gubernatorial election. Very telling...
got an A on my math final (:
Of all the topics to claim superiority, Perry seriously wants to talk about TX air quality?? today??
awesome video, the song is great and Happy Christmas to you too :-)
My moto is tell someone wat u wanna say when u have the time to do so cuz u never kno when it will be to late ^_^
All our lives, we've been waiting for someone to call our leader.
Good to hear. It is one of the wines for #TasteandPlay. Looking fwd to it! Are you going to Food & Wine?
I guess. I just can't imagine liking that kind of player/play. smh
Omg. I really need to start my Christmas shopping =(
Thanks to
Behind every successful person there will always be a pack of haters!!
“: I'll be watching TV's "#Monuments to Excellence" on tonight at 7:30 pm!”
Viewing for Aunt Marie
check out the fresh new deals at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com and don't forget to use repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 20% or 10% FOR LIFE
im sending out copies of my show from last night to some friends groove theory on lowerlevelradio.com monday nights 7-11 pm cst
A few thoughts from #GeneYoungblood's “Secession from the Broadcast: The Internet and the Crisis of Social Control” , so many more..
Phil is done....
wow i can feel it, how about u?
we all live this crazy life which is like spinning all of them plates!
#Tea before bed helps rest my head. Goodnight.
im going to stay up till 5:00am yayyyyy
What happened in london?
they definitely outplayed for 2/3 of game, but OT winner would be huge for Pens...or Flyers, for that matter..,
He's not in town, but everpresent!
Finally home!Ah!Time to kick back and relax.Tomarrow 100%.All day everyday.
Have a bless'd Friday Baltimore...
#upstream2012 afternoon sessions are starting!
Lol ain't that crazy? If Jesus had a twitter that would be nothing tho!
Please email ---
I worry about this regulation. We need something, but I'd like a better sense that this is that something.
Should be public parking all day until like 10pm or 11pm when you can't be in the park.
RT : boring...can I have a cupcake lol #ornaw<<<go head dont take the big green one!
Let's try and make it that question about the most retweeted tweet!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>...Party Rock in the Hoouuse tonight...<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
LA are you ready for Tonight ! All the cool kids will be there!
Shouldn't be a problem with Tweeps that know you. Just never know who will grab a RT and run with it. I've had it happen to me.
Pagers are the things doctors carry still. Let me see if I can find it on wikipedia or urban dictionary.
as far as know
Quite impressive Kleine. You are correct.
Let's call alfredo sauce what it really is: butter and cheese gravy.
Follow for amazing tweets. Believe me
"The Art & Science of Optometric Care" Clinical Curriculum course starts later this week in Phoenix! See you there!
Im such a baby I'm going back into memories watching all these little kid movies lol I'm so stupid and childish at times •emberresed•
follow me diz ashley from 7th block lol i got my twitter back whoop
hell nahh lmao -.- he was just my free spark up for a day lmao -.-
Yeah me too
Going to bed early >>>>
Sometimes when life changes the circle of friends change with it.
Join former #Tigers P Dave Rozema and members of the Babe's family this Sat at Nemo's in #Detroit for the 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
Going to the Corning Museum of Glass today! :D
Finished all my things. sweet.
I hope I don't watch tv all summer
..hate to break it to ya but you can go but you're gonna answer for a few things..somethings are true, believe'em or no..
please call me back.
About to take a break and get some food...a nigga is starving out here, lol...
Nice win #Noles! Lucky in the 9th RT WALK-OFF!!!! Jayce Boyd gives the Noles the sweep with a walk-off double. FSU wins 6-5.
this is one of the dumbest, most uninformed takes I've ever seen. The #Wisconsin hate knows no bounds.
Anyone in #ROC have a VAG-com obd reader I could use for 10 minutes? would pay $10 or $15. Audi allroad has suspension warning light
Can't think of that guy without hearing Johnny Depp saying "Are you a MexiCAN, or a MexiCAN'T?"
so true bro, so true
lmao. ill try not too... im writing shit better than anything youve ever done.
In my almost 37 years on this planet, I have met one other female with the same spelling.
Now to March 30 student submitted 3 minute videos on "How to green Your Prom" wins prizes incl. trip to New York. www.teensturninggreen.org.
I'm tired of feeling so alone because of this.
Go to my fb page. Under my recent post, click selective tweets, click "go to application" +ur twitter name, put "#fb" after msg
I'd like to see the Wildcats take on the Bobcats!!
#4famouswords you can trust me
Free candy?! Where?!
Haha that's clever! Our fan club is actually gonna be called The Varsity.
I received my third rejection letter in the last week, so I decided to embark on my most ambitious and offensive work to date.
Road trip to Dublin with my two best friends on Saturday. I can't wait for the change of scenery
I am reading the Kindle version now, but only about 12% through, so still not sure.
what omg jealous I'll always be pale ..
To see me? :3 oh how nice of you RT : hey im actually gonna go to the talent show.
Check ! We're on right now! "Little One" thanks
Fox is bringing back '24' this Fall to chronicle every hour of my #twitterbinge. 24/24
Oh what the hell. Welcome, Thomas Colton Padalecki. Your daddy (and his costar) is one of my favs.
"#youknowtheycheating if they got code names for multiple girls in their phone : boo #1, Baby mama, Baby #2"
Not a promo for Homewood Suites, but they have hands down, the best rooms with mini real kitchens. Homewood University in Durham ROCKS.
Thanks for the Logo! I put it up as the background on my twitter profile. Looks SWEET!!
4:20 FUNNY | Why did the birdie go to the hospital? To get a tweetment.
Ah the awkward moments before class starts....
Hm i do wonder...
THANK YOU!
a little treat, we have to go backto russets soon unfortunately. Order a rye manhattan next time to wash them down.
Ditto “: Ugh! I HATE when mobile sites don't give the option to switch to the regular site. ”
An almost brand new Tamron 11-18 mm AF aspherical wide angle lens on sale for only $400 on Amazon. Great for groups, architecture, nature...
..you'd stand a better chance than I would. Only way for me is if he likes to ski or hunt..hahaha!
sit on the floor and stretch. It usually helps.
a collective thought from all of us
Scraping paint off of floors
Wow... I think my ex is in a relationship... FML... And just when things couldn't get any worse. Happy freakin holidays...
she is her about to go off
that's guy in the duck shirt is a creep . Lol
I love Nordstrom rack! Have fun :)
good times, I'll have to noodle on this while at my upcoming meeting.
That is endorsement enough for me. I shall need to look into the book further.
Boom. In. Do we get to use flame throwers? Also, why'd you crop your wife out of your twitter pic?
According to the bimbo on the black loop, a UTI is worse than AIDS.
sometimes life isn't fair
I'm always late for work now. I don't care. I want eggs.
haha I just look in twitter and Instagram for different pictures(:
Here I sit...on the computer...eating a chewy bar. I could do pilates, go for a run, etc..cannot even will myself to do a push up
WILL IT COST MORE TO HAVE MY CAR FIXED AT CAR CRAFTERS? No. Only what is damaged will be fixed. At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
#YouGetPointsIf you like to run.
Van Jones: "Make the choice that gives you more choices."
bring Paisley and Mindi on over and there will be even more animals here.
niggas luv to ride in ya whip, but hate giving u gas money. and say dats sum hoe ass shit if u ask...smh
i dont wanna be mean..but how can i let a girl off nicely...and tell her to leave me alone?.. :( sigh..
Thanks for the #FF love , now has found me on twitter! The marvels of technology! Happy Friday!
#TwitterLessRobert wears a mouth guard...on the bench
hey you tweet for yourself?
Tonight I will be shutting it down club saga come watch epic rap battles good performances n ur boy kdub kill the stage!!!
He probably didn't want to show his face :eli:
I woke up thinking I was late for school.
Will you please follow ? They're holding a concert for charity here in Cincinnati soon! (:
When Harrison is playing football and runs right into a tree.>>>
I always think people are giving me dirty looks when we make eye contact.
your pretty hot for an older woman.
Matt from Weezer/Rentals has a twitter now. we suggest you follow him. the original Sassmaster
Lol iknw it was kinda country n ghetto but im glad to see people recognize that...
Boo, I'm the oldest person at this alumni event :(
lol only for you, sister stiffknee!
im trying. I did stop making those movies though. #TwoArtistsOneCup. That's a start
“Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others” ~Buddha
yooo I'm bored.
I'm soo pretty that I may melt if I saw myself in the mirror ;;)
you were prob part of that huge road trip to get dorito locos or w/e their called
Please join me in a most specialistic ever Good Luck Atlantis version of the Happy Friday dance!
Irony in print: RT : Newt reassures his base: "Marriage is a sacred institution between one man and one or more women."
Sonic for breakfest
Renault wants to Captur market - New Zealand Herald
Way to rub it in... RT If Gators & Panthers fans didn't have enough overtime losses today, the Heat just went down in OT
once a snake always a snake. been busted twice before, only a matter of time before the truth comes out again. #notagoodcoach $$$
Man needed help with photocopier.
"...in Jeb's kingdom dissent is frowned upon and journalists are supposed to be accommodating stenographers,"- America's Next Bush, S.V.Date
There is a scam going around where you get an email saying your account here is suspended and you have to complete an offer. Its bullshit.
#Lions turning into a top draw for #NFL with four prime time night games including "handshake" game rematch against
At least two #brewers would have to reach base,without getting doubled up,for Braun to get another AB
get it, girl!
lmao deffinately wow u thought my shorts were too short? i didnt think they were that bad when i pulled them down lol
Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes Real Nggas Hustle For Goals...
that would preempt the need for a frying pan with smoke detector & fire extinguisher, which I thought I needed.
We still have last minute tickets for only $8! Come spend the day at The Mad Frog! Let us know if you would like a ticket!
In love with my foster kittens. They are so stinkin cute.
Maybe it is a good thing - Izzo seemed impressed. But I want players to fight for their starting spot, not give it up.
hey GUESS WHAT?! :)
Off to to satisfy my craving for their mac n cheese...and of course beer!
that's ok! I love hearing you over and over again.
I had to write a journal entry in history today. I started it with "Um.. so basically" and my teacher collected them and read mine out. Haha
Kobe may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the stomach. Chris Andersen may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the head!
We won both games!
Never... You're the only guy for me <U+E32A>
Thank you for the mention! I look forward to your tweets...keep up the Great work! Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
Was talking to an #independentbookseller today who said she was putting the amazing #TRAFFICKED on her wish list. :)
Going downtown for an event tonight? Try our FREE shuttle service from Daily Grill at 6th and Flower. Call (213) 622-4500 for details.
But I cannot forget Refuse to regret So glad I met you and Take my breath away Make everyday
same here
I'm got shocked -___- you don't knw me ? You forgot me ? -___- rawrr~
Within myself I saw my soul, and felt the feeling of soul,the light that I became,and the love that I brought back will be with me always.
RT : Hot panel... #sm to Drive new Product Innovation
It was all Coach Butler Fault
His performances on were electric. See live in our studio & hear his new single
same here
": The Saints will remind the NFL they are an elite team today. Recreate win from Superbowl 44 over Colts." Yeh u rite!
who got they ass beat cuz?
i know your a big basketball fan but do you follow nascar if you do u have a favorite
"I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch." -- Gilda Radner
What happened to all the Boo Berry? I thought they brought it back! Was gonna get some for my honey. He's never had it. There's none.
Absolutely- cool stuff!
#birthdayshoutout goes out to PEBBLES!!! !!! Happy Birthday
me be tiwed.
Working to communicate the necessity of vital documents for homeless people. A bit of a struggle, but must be done. So, we doing it.
lol! Let the Hostess Cakes hoarding begin ;)
you should invite he's pretty lonely
Just relax your neck and find pillows that can support it properly. :-)
Wow, this is a fast 50K. 75% of the field hit the first split (7.6 miles) at 10 min/mile or quicker!
thank-you for the kind words : )
You are very welcome - thanks for coming! And I do love what I do. How could you tell? :P Presenting/teaching is my *thang*, bro!
Heading out tomorrow after gets off work!! Going to Stockton, CA to watch kick some ass & takeover points lead!!
Sorry to hear of your loss. Watch for signs of mourning and take the lone boar to a vet before you consider a new friend.
The Little Kids On My Bus Are So Sweet . (:
: Regret is a bitch to live with. Don't do it to yourself. Live the life u want. Start now.
You're gonna hate getting old, it doesn't get better! You going to Layne's show today?
I look like yes & you like no.
Four day weekend was great! They always go by so fast though. At the day job for now, hope you all have a great week!
laundry...out of sight, definitely out of mind. And that human flaw has served me well, in this case. ;-)
is totally throwing a 503. They mean business. Wikipedia just went with a simple JS overlay.
oh no! U will be missed.
at some point today i have to come out of this bathroom
#SanDiego can't wait to be named
All you need is love! Stop by FITzee thru 2/14 to show kids at you care- just $1 and a paper heart is all you need!...
table 17 seat 10 in the super bounty.
Yay! You won trivia! I have your address on file unless you've recently moved. Congrats and thanks for playing!
Try our Caprese Vegetarian: Fresh Mozzarella, fresh Roma tomatoes, pickled red onions & young arugula w a roasted shallot vinaigrette!
It will be very interesting to see how the #Flyers bounce back in game 5. If you want to see a competitive game, turn on CNBC. #NYROtt tied.
sorry to miss your #metweetup at an awesome wellness conference at Sunday River instead
Koustubha Kale: Over 9000 libraries in this state, most of which are non-automated
never me ! Doooooley
I already learned why it's bad to stop a falling knife. Now I've learned it's bad to squeeze lemons with a hand that was cut by said knife.
Excited to be out celebrating at Red, White & Boom! Will be a great event w/ 20,000 of our closest friends. Hope to see everyone here.
if the Boyz legit followed me I would like be set for life! It's all I want for my bday!
And hey, don't go be a jerk and outbid me because I mentioned it on the Tweeter.
Great night at the Bootleg - sold out! Thanks and for having us on the bill.
First few days of class was fun! I'm going to love learning Japanese!!
I'm going back to sleep!
keeps me sober and responsible because I wait 30 minutes between beers ;)
Ever have a day with that undercurrent of unease for no practical reason? Strange.
I took a shower can out and my doggie was at the door waiting for me...<3
we open back up tomorrow at 11:00am, come in and enjoy lunch...don't forget Happy Hour!
So what did you drink and eat over the weekend? Let's see how many people answer the same thing!
Have you started printing with the MakerBot yet? Am thinking of getting one for a future project.
we make it in #pdx -
Met my bf's parents. Hope it's true guys always date girls like their mothers. His is AWESOME!
jump ship
bring it -I love corned beef!
Love the reinvention of a boiler room at Ames Free Library
If I had Heather for a mom, I might do that too.
Virginia Breen, author of I Am in Here: The Journey of a Child w/ Autism Who Cannot Speak but Finds Her Voice on Today Show 10/14
I know right I think I bombed that test I'm Freaking out
apparently I need to start stalking you, since you don't respond to my DM's.
we don't mind
is there any other channel or website that shows Jersey Shore?? Please RT :)
ALEX I LOVE YOU. you and austin are hilarious, i love your videos!! want to follow me? :) <3
I'm fiend'n lemon pepper
Butler argues juvenile court system was racist from inception in 1890s, not an idealistic system that was later tainted by racism
If I Had a Gun, you know what i do. I'd point that shit straight at the sky and shoot heaven on down for you.
I voted for Obama
Ted Danson is the boss on CSI now?! Count me in!
thanks for uploading your images!
Ooh! Haha. I must be getting old. :) There are some cool proj mgmt tools for Macs in the app store. Microsoft Proj was a pain.
All-nighter for me tonight:(
I miss what not to wear on Fridays :( I forget to watch it on tues. now.
I wish there was an app for zapping stupid people who think they can go through the Amtrak gate doors before everyone else.
Without a hand of regret, I'll hold ya to it
Hi there. How are you?
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333 [PLEassseeee
Having lunch at South Point next to Micheal Gaughan, maybe he'll pick up the check.
The weather is perfect for summer dresses and short shorts. Yes.
which 17 paint scheme would you want to be 'cruisin' around DIS in??
ok,ok...I apologize ...I hate being deprived of technology! !!
Appreciate the follows Thank you!
Sorry, wish I had a date, but we haven't finalized the timing.
Get better c:
Thanks for spreading the word!
Hey if you like metal please give us a listen :)
thanks for the shoutout! Go Vols!
I love smelling like bonfires.
thanks friend. 2012 is going to be a great year for us!
Happy Freaking Birthday DCriss
What's your name?
Harold McGee KEYS TO GOOD COOKING, signing books tonight 7 pm Kepler's, Menlo Park. Tuesday at Omnivore in SF, Wed at Bookshop Santa Cruz.
I'm amazed how excited I am to make these stuffed peppers tonight.
Don't let finances be the thing that holds you back!
KNOWLEDGE, & its proper use, wins battles..
LOL OMG i love this! "Psych wrong number"
How to know if you're having the same wedding as everyone else on (via )
Good point. I've had a lot of weird follower requests. Some were so disturbing I can't believe they would even send a request!
sam-a-lam! I miss you. I wasted too many characters on the s.
can someone give me a buzz? 813-314-5379
you smell like puberty!
DO IT.
So proud of my accomplishments not only as a person but as a DJ. Ive come so far & I dont plan on stopping anytime soon
Look out.... Guess who is 3rd in power rankings.....
I have always been a trendsetter!
#Follow my #SocialMediaInTheD friends!
599 set bowling tonight to finish year with 196.5 average. Not bad but got eliminate some of those bad games that keep me from averaging 200
“: You know you're crazy when....” I hang out with you all the time. Lol <3
U know I gotta keep droppin beats. Music is my crack and im the crack head! Lol.
CONGRATS TO ALEC GRAY - Another episode of " Special Agent Oso"
Ok final question is on environment - know some people in twitter happy to hear that. Also, I'm getting sleepy. Time to go home!
i See She Aint Have A Problem Movin On Bitches Aint Real Like they Say they Is Relationships Aint for Me : (((
Hint: Those aren't bidets on the wall. ;)
ah im hungry!
Intelligent idealism is closer to intelligent materialism than stupid materialism.
Lock your doors
Valentine's Day is secretly one of my fav holidays...
I can be I'm working out in AM so shoot me a time
I am healthy hair by Racheal will be visting a salon near you. We have 16 counties on lock. 2700 salons to cover Enjoy nothing but the BEST.
#WhenIThinkOfYou i think of a million smiles followed by an endless heartbreak.
Check out the Penguins take on the The Flyers at 7:30 or the Rangers take on The Sens at the same time.
IN SEMINOLE COUNTY: EAST BOUND I-4 IS CLOSED APPROACHING THE ST JOHNS RIVER BRIDGE - Baldinger
Hell yeah RT“: The fighter was one of the realest movies I've seen in a minute.”
I baked you cookies for national weather person day...ok they're for SB party...but we'll claim they're dual purpose.
the world is ending, HV has won 2 games in a row!
thank you thank you!!!! :)
Just a Country Girl, living in a my own Country World! Where there are cute cowboys and Country food all around! Plus watching Duck Dynasty!
You too!
we'll be in tonight! My first time ever! Looking forward to it
WOO K.G!! where did all the fans go.. i cant here them?
i have rich friends .. so the fuck what they millionaires, im not so I have to work harder than everyone so i can be
sounds like is taking off quickly -- congratulations!
When you want to go to sleep but your just not tired.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Thanks for the retweet!
You seemed like you wanted to go.
mama is fierce !
feeling fat today?
*poker face* Who are you? RT : *bend and snap*
It's 8:23 AM and things keep annoying me left and right. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
It's December already? Christmas is around the corner..
Did u tweet for the #iPodTouch?? Where are you all??
New this year, Compact 4wd Tractor Pull!
Spring break 2013
New Spanish class with 20+ mgrs from gaming yesterday! Imagine their employees'/clients' appreciation when addressed in their mother tongue!
Going to watch 's inspiring speech again at the recent Greenlight Greater Portland Economic Conference.
What's up ? Where are the #Badger Fans hanging out today in Boston?
how's it going :p
shower time(;
Sometimes I don't tell you what i'm feeling, because I'm hoping the silence between us would give you a clue.
#selfawareness is growth!!
OMG what is this a Hollywood movie! Like my dad would say "pura mafia."
I miss those "choose your own path books" I always ended up dying
hey lil bro., how r u dear heart? I've just been here & there, trying to find a job, & enjoy the summer. Much luv xoxo ;)
is describing how bike delivery service can complement CSA and other ag/food businesses
now 2 crews will have to go home next week
Thanks for the S.O.
Awesome, awesome grant! Love the West Side Market
#ThisWeek is terrible without Amanpour leading the roundtable -wasting time w/ bachmann's blunder am I seriously watching this?
Hi We're interested in you as a guest on our radio show. Please email me at to talk details. Thanks.
Donated 10 bags of clothes to Goodwill this year. Feels so good to help others!
haha yeah we could do that
what? did i just hear a dog bark?
Canadian police, please read Tiffany's posts. She WILL NOT STOP #BULLYING on Twitter! Please do something!
When people point out things that you're really insecure about <<<<<
Depo'ing away in the valley
I almost got that one, but settled on Ethiopia Dark. I just thought of something though, do you know if they are ground or whole?
Good out fam
Lol my bad!
#DearHair Give me a Redskins Hair Style!
Database showing names of recall petition signers, but not addresses, to be made public by Wis. elections board
It still hurts....
One day I'll be famous and people will actually care what I tweet.But by then.Twitter will be gone probably.
Just confirmed with student speaker for Saturday. It will be beautiful...
We freaked out for a two days straight! Now, gotta get our heads on straight and do something cool!
drive-thru bank tellers still exist?
HOW R U MY LOVE
A great day! RT Did everyone have a good day ?
hell I don't even know what's in horchata
Finally found the volume control on tweet deck - OMG it was killing me!
are you a fan? If so email to join his street team!
I have to write a 1000 word page paper due tomorrow at 12:15 & my mom still on the computer -__-
I know dat was stupid Freaky lol
concert is in the books. Next up this week: on Monday, on Friday, and 's #XFest on Saturday!!
We have created an amazing updated Cyclo-cross course!! Check out our Website to see an updated video this week!
absolutely! & In higher ed we have experience embracing chaos which puts us ahead of the game.
Psyched to audition for "Will You...?" next Friday! Thanks guys!
Oh you've got skills! I can only knit square or rectangular objects...no skills :(
'iHalfoween' is very impressive episode! Can`t wait for the next 1!
Any need to update from ios 4.0 GM to the ios 4.0 final? I can't do a regular update.
Haha' its true though..(:
U gave me your mixtape. I represent Holistic Healing & Alternatives (H.H.A). I'm 1 of your Caregiver's there.
Truly loving music today. I took the shackles off my creativity and I'm doin my own muthafuckin thang. Retweet if you know what I mean.
lets shoot on Friday for sure
I forgot about this twitter!
thanks for the shout out! Please vote to help our organization provide services to families! www.refresheverything.com/adlcenter
using&saving c:
it definitely should be part of the warm-up to help "turn on" the neuromuscular system and prepare the body for training.
Harry Potter IV tonight, V tomorrow, and perhaps VI at midnight?
I tried staying out of this but I can't. Don't say things to people if you can't say it to their face. Just leave it
bro do you want to go ta the mall today?
So Demi Lovato and Britney Spears are the new judges on X Factor?
No clue what this is but its good
Battle of the Gretas: In Applying the Garbo Test, Why Greta Gerwig is a Bona ... - Vanity Fair
ok.. Whatever.then I'm a rule-breaking geek
did you see the Colts Irsay and his comments? Peyton Manning is now to be called Fredo, he went against the family!
Las Vegas Casino odds on #Broncos winning Super Bowl went from 50/1 with Tebow to 10/1 with Manning.
You should step in my shoes and walk a mile, and then see how hard it is to hold back the tears and fake a smile.
Hey I am going to send you an amazing photo this weekend. Just wait.
I believe you are right. Im bearish.
Miss you too!!! Hope you're well. :)
Register for Cabin Fever Book Club early as Mon., Jan. 23. Enter reading slips Feb. 1-29 for chances to win prizes like a Kindle Touch!
Thanks to a local store who donated packaged sandwiches for homeless people. It's great to be able to eat on a day other than Thanksgiving!
hope u had a safe flight!!! have fun!!
glad you saw! the book(s) ain't cheap!
Do you not think so far ahead cause I've been thinking bout forever
Belkin TuneCast Auto Live FM Transmitter for iPod for $18 + $2 s&h ...
I like trying to negotiate. Finding a middle ground of manifesting my heart's desires into reality. Some cats can pull it off..
absolutely. Did you see the IDEA commons? is having a party there 1/31.
I received two bags of candy but regifted them to others. #Weightwatchers is powerful motivation to just say no.
Moving today....Milwaukee to Palatine!
I can't stand ads. I can't stand loading, BUT I CANT FUCKING STAND IT WHEN ADs ARE LOADING !
Yes YOU!
You'll never know how eccentric you would be untill you're truly rich.
Marriage equality affirmed by the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. A good day for love and justice.
oh okay thats kool let me know
#WhyAreYou trying to get me to check out your myspace? Do you have a laser disc you want to show me as well?
Getting angry is for animals. I am above that. I need to learn to be able to channel discord into discourse.
jay baruchel is really cute. this isn't a funny tweet it's just cold, hard, adorable fact.
that's awesome. I'm hoping I was this last semester too. Waiting on grades...
SOPA - the classy way of saying "Fuck You Internet"
Constantly reminded how good the Flight of the Conchords is. Listening to the 'actual' song followed by its parody: great (& geeky).
I'm alive
HAHA! that is a really great derby name--also kind of bad, like you said.
Virtual Desktop kind of blows my mind.
range time would be great, but this week's weather isn't looking so good.
i'll counteract this cold house with DUN DUN DUN DAAA a hot shower. it's all about the instant gratification.
What's good yo? Not trying to be a predictable cat, but I was Wondering if you would be down with a collab soon? Shits gone go
fun! Did I miss the setting of a date?
WHY ARE YOU SO SWEET?
Yeah, what happened to him? He just seemed to fall off the face of the earth. Did he lose his desire to be creative?
New York, NY: Business Opportunity Expo | Marriott Marquee
Early bedtime, scary Boardwalk Empire nightmare, midnight snack.
At least from the ladies who like code samples.
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers13
i hope everything is ok ....
haha. Its not like i go around saying it to random people.
Who doesn't know what Tapatio is!?
Very sorry to hear MCA died. I have fond memories of my dad listening to the Licensed to Ill album all the time when I was a kid.
Turns out you're not following me, so I can't DM you for the promo. :-/ I followed it!
Nah “: Come to SAS elections tonight for our new executive board! ICC 108 @ 9:30!”
Don't call me up no more asking about your baby , i'm done & want you out of both of our lives !
Tonight We are young So let’s set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
lolz, me too!
Good morning :)
#VegasEyes by is awesome!
ahead of troy while in third? Thats the only thing that Really matters
Thanks! Wait til you hear this new album!!! Hope to catch up with you soon.
According to one interpretation of the data, I only have a 1-in-6 chance of finishing my degree. Yikes!
Wow. Chris Mann - perfect. Kudos to you!
Harry will still be him if he's bi, everyone needs to chill
Its fucking cold
Cupertino Electric in San Francisco. Another company is flying me out to visit with them next week though.
demo-ing a cherry semifreddo and peanut butter bread at 5pm
Punch Brothers into Childish Gambino into Dispatch? The Beach Boys into Bon Iver? Were they even trying this year?
for the follow!
"Love is the oxygen of the soul." via
I am not afraid to pumult you with hot french fries and
Long Pregnancy Tied to Kids' Behavior Issues - MedPage Today
The work never matches the dream of perfection the artist has to start with. -- William Faulkner
Happy Tuesday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Tight! RT : It's approximately 52 days until Go Skate Day. Plenty of time to work on my olley.
i tweet him over 100 times each day!!! everyday and night
love ur passion for
Since I just woke up & it's already morning imma wake & bake, then sleep again :}
I FUKS WIT MY GUY ONE OF THE HOTTEST PRODUCERS IN THE GAME!!! KEEP AT IT BABY!!!!!
keep up the great work. Always enjoy your articles.
Insider secret! RT : After years in bookselling business, I've learned the way ISBNs work: Put the hyphens wherever you want.
Out to eat and then swimming <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764> having fun so far!
Tally ho! Starting to see first bumps from the initial signup wave. Waiting for more than three mins for your site? Use the feedback form.
Most lead data we access/use is gathered through website visits and lead forms using - Paul
I just downloaded the Bollywood song from "Smash." What's HAPPENING to me?
viola davis
how r u tonight?
So is my water bobble! No waste there!
Bless you both. I'm honored to be His vessel !
Is that Clarence Carter?? Nope Jose Barrea he be strokin!! Good to see GO MAVS!!!
Aubrey O'Day thinks ridiculously highly of herself. Isn't she known for being in a failed girl group?!
Penn State lands top tight end for 2013 Adam Brenneman. What a two weeks for Bill O'Brien
You got an extra seat under the shade over there?!
ha! No, she didn't. But she understands now that coffee is not just a matter of pushing a button.
Arrived in the city that never sleeps after loosing my connecting flight and spending so many hours advancing the lines at Miami airport
Lol! That was hilarious!
u and these stalkers
it took the ESPN bozos an hour and half to finally get to talk about Tebow..
Can't wait to see my bros, sister and my nieces and nephew next week. Always a great time when you get the brothers all in the same room.
Chicken tortilla soup for dinner tonight....can you tell I'm in the mood for fall???
can you DM me your e-mail? Want to check your yoga schedule for :) thnx
lol you finally made that move.
I really want to go to U1 and get after it but homework and class is calling
Math isn't the same with you... Stay Strong...you and your family are in my prayers<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
why are sisters SO MEAN
God ordains all for the best. W.A. Mozart / God has a plan. A good plan. A plan for good.
#nfldraft Great pick by Seattle to pick up Tate. He'll do well in the NFL. (Hurts to say that as a Michigan fan.)
Canning wiff my bitch
I'll call you when I get home.
So are we.
I will use you.
Just washed a shirt my sister bought me for my bday - followed directions and it still shrunk!
It's a sore subject... lol But it was Roshon and Melissa
AWE/Dreamfirstent bout to take over Houston.
maybe we can play it tomorrow (: I'm going to sleep so goodnight :)
Well have fun and hope she has a lovely birthday! xox
I'm a panda, so like, rawr and stuff ;)
Its what's for dinner lmfaoooooo RT : Pussy
Pause rewind play and repeat
just never call me honey, irks me to know end lol
i think i got mine on fred fish disks
I don't know but I've been told.. Someone here is getting old..
I will be there for sure! Me & Mama Mahone will be signing autographs & taking pics with fans! Keep your eyes peeled ;-)
So, I know what April Showers bring. What do we get from May rain?
I love this x1000 and am giggling manaically over it. is looking at me funny.
Yes!! :D There is 3 really big ones around here! Me and Kellie are like 5 year olds and we legit still go outside (Cont.)
Some people over react...it was not that serious...Ive heard worse.
RT Sorry champ, but getting "promoted" from fries to drive-thru is not a promotion.
Girl at work: "You act like you don't like me." Me: "Ah there's the problem.You see-that's not an act."
Grow up! Smh...
left, right, forward, backward... the reason why we choose a direction is more important than which direction we choose.
Gorgeous Day #Chicago -- take advantage of #IndustryNight $3 Jameson shots, $4 draught #beer & 50% off all food & select bottles of
Food poisoning <<<<<
Keller Williams/reMax says do not rescind or repeal IDX franchisor policy.
Bought those new Whatachicken bites last night. Did it blow my mind? No, but it did look very sad eating them on my bed with no pants on.
Love your food photography, you're a master of depth of field!
Ready to get Tuesday an wednesday Ova wit
We love knowing what our fans are up to! Come on down and fulfill your craving
I'm off Tues and Wed next week! Let's go!
thanks fam....play some of your joints...
tweet me a # and me and will tell you which IB you look goodd withh;D
Why does my phone keep making water drop sounds?
lmao i know
Tim hortans adventure with ;)
That's better.
Hey , Your #Vegan #Cheesecake is ready! Pick up any time. Thank you! cc:
When you catch a film next UnitedArtists / Regal Cinema, CHECK YOUR STUBS to be sure you don't get overcharged!
you could ply her with alcohol first! oh, wait, that could backfire...
you guys do any type of business ?
Never Woulda thought that that girl would like that guy.... Thats what I call a,"HOW ON EARTH SPECIAL?"
Skills® Launches a Tool to Combat Challenging Behavior in Children with Autism - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Ready for bed. Gotta recharge for a day/night of fun tomorrow ;) Had a lovely spa day with the ladies today. I heart mani'd fingernails.
hey! cant stop thinkin...do yall do concerts private 4 people? i hope! my only bday dream! april 2...embassy suites...memphistn
Finally catching up on 30 Rock and they need to do more "Queen of Jordan" episodes I am DYING
it will be hard to see anyone go home tonight, the cast has raised the bar for all future groups
I just want to love you with every bit of my heart.
proud of you...good luck!
STOP CHASIN ME AND CHASE DA MUHFCKIN MONEY .. OH I FORGOT .. I AM THE MUHFCKIN MONEY !
Steve Jobs resigning is a bigger story than "where's Gadhafi"? Terrorist leader v. lord of the Hipsters? I guess we know the CNN Lead.
#HitDirectionersWithAShovelDay Yeah...no...
When are you gonna interview Snow White's Poison Bite, and Ashley Purdy and Christian Coma from Black Veil Brides???
S/O to all the artists on my mailing list! Im gonna tell u shhht NO ONE else will that will make u MONEY! Keep watchin ya emails! #Rich Sh-t
I wish I had big doe eyes.
I've read some of her work! Very jealous! She's worked with a lot of my disaster idols Phillips, Fothergill, Morrow etc….
So disappointed to hear about the C'ville bypass - a short-term traffic fix that will mar a beautiful area not just w/ asphalt but w/ sprawl
Mke politics? Not much, especially compared to Just didn't think FB comments & Serb/Croation stuff mixed well.
Keep Me Near Da Cross
The Albuquerque Isotopes square off against the Colorado Springs Sky Sox tonight at 6:35 p.m. Who is going to the game!?
Playing Draw Something(:
Yes. Guess his nakedness didn't wield the authority he'd hoped it would. Unless this was all just a cavity search dare..
Also loved it! It wasn't overly-heroic or overly-raw and just told a very beautiful story of faith. Really good!
The latest episode of Supernatural took place in my own Missoula, MT. Who wants to guess it was portrayed as all cowboy hats and log cabins?
The best revenge is to make that person think of you when they are with someone else!!.
Justin please follow me:)
On my way. Hopefully I find parking on that street..
WOW - the entire West coast!
ME AS WELL AS THE BOYZZ, FOLLOW ME NOWWW PWEASEEE :-[
Great meeting you and Mason last night! #sxsw /cc
Want 2 make changes 2 better your health? DM me 4 a FREE Health Consultation & start working towards ur goals 4 a happier & healthier life!
Might say fuck it and start drinking beer everyday again
Barrett is here.
blog test
They are brought to their knees and fall, but we rise up and stand firm. Psalm 20:8
hey I'm currently laying across my kitchen table..
If you ever want a lesson in how to keep shooting regardless of whether or not the shots are falling, just watch Kobe Bryant.
send me ya video links for some good promo on www.microphonebully.com MBTV IS THE NUMBER 1 ONLINE VIDEO SHOW via
@ Taylors house... gonna have fun!!! i love big time rush... and Daniel Tosh!!!!
I would love to met with you and tell you about my community projects. Cynthia Harris
Good idea! I was too busy giving them dirty looks so I could use the machine today
Apuleius~ Familiarity breeds contempt while rarity wins admiration.
Means lots from girls' dad: "Happy Mother's Day! You have done a wonderful job of being a great mom! Thank you from the bottom of my heart!"
u will not be dissapointed w/ the 9930 my g, its siiicckk
good job Harry. you fail (: -AliPaige
Garden is coming along.
I missed it!! :( but I'll still call you(:
Charlie two times..
check out my zombie survival website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
"Dancing heals us somewhere deep inside." True words.
10 Facebook Tips keep ppl outta yo personal business some ppl just on facebook to be nosey
i think i've seen 42 cops today. what is happening.
We use a digital speech graph on to give students visual cues on speech patterns/volume/fluctuations/etc. Very effective
what's it about?
Staring at computer at end of lunch in what feels like pre-feverish haze party-in party-in, fun fun fun fun
Awww good! I'm sure you will look gorgeous! And I was thinking, I'm pretty sure I borrowed your shoes last year :)
Meech Dogg will have you getting JUICED UP like nobody else checkout Meech Dogg JUICED UP on you tube...
Start your 2012 off on the right foot with a trip to Fujiyama!
You make sure they remember... forever... the night they played the Titans.
TIL there are more people in California than in the entire country of Canada. Crazy.
ha!It's truly absurd & each year brings more forms.Have such mixed feelings on taxation. Hate seeing smbiz/retired folks struggle
Managing student expectations
dont lie... how intense was the episode of pretty little liars
All I can say is follow me and help me help her.
Church was great!
Thanks for making me feel better...
LOL I so would, but my mom would probably swoop out of no where and cut my throat out.
Saw him in Minneapolis...his shows are so ill
Check your email inbox in a few minutes - staff best of '11 lists and NYE hours enclosed therein!
yes Nick for sure beautiful for sure :)x
Seems like some TSA Agents can't be trusted. So much for the safety/security of our skies - stay prayed up!
well I didn't think bacon on wholemeal bread would work. I was wrong.
Your face is a magical sunset.
glad to hear man. and damn! forgot about that stuff - i bet that stuff's hilarious. gotta see some one of these days.
Hey! Yes, still a huge fan :-) RT : Checked out Planet Money today after reco'd it a while ago. Excellent show.
I liked it
your forum search is bugging out. What's the best way to search for a specific template (by ID#?)
For the 10th time my phone randomly started playin 's covers in the middle of class AGAIN! My phone obviously LOVES Arabella.LOL
sounds like it could either be really inspiring... or a circus
Okay, I need someone to go see the avengers with me. ASAP. Any takers?
shut up and get on the plane! Dinner is on me tonight buddy! Great broadcast
Have we mentioned that "Boomtown" is screening at the Logan Film Festival this coming weekend?!? Travis' hometown!
Great Fathers Day with my big, crazy family and happy 30th anniversary to my parents!
Ive got to find a way to get back to for some more good food. I might have to create some sales calls in that area this week!!!
Not at all.
Love that. Google search says that's Stark's Sense of Dissonance, right? Would you recommend?
I know ); Im afraid to lay down /:
new phone!
Gayle - roundabout approach
We try to publish books that inspire, that take you on a journey, that cause you to think on a deeper level and perhaps that help you feel.
Not that I was very well pieced together when you met me
Where do you live?
Wtf ! Lately I've been going to sleep early a'f!
i hope im making your day. You could make my life. By following me.
bynum had 30 rebounds. #spurs fans thats why we lost
Breaking news....Chris #Christie endorses a burrito..
Maestro enjoyed working on client projects today: a new KIOSK for a trade show, several elearning modules, and a flash animation process.
Greatest night of sleep EVER! Time to get ready and head to graduation :)
I followed her:)
I agree with ... When students sign scholarships, they know there will be restrictions if they decide to transfer.
wonders why is Point Comfort United Methodist Church ending their bazaar after 55 years?
Apparently a car caught on fire at my apartment last night. And I slept through firemen knocking on my door at 4 in the morning...
'bout to #rock the Greer Stadium Plaza for the Pre-Game!
In a month, my reading selections went from The Federalist Papers to Ferdinand.
What a crazy day
Need to beat the heat? Come visit special collections today - it's 61 degrees in the hallway right now. Climate control is serious business.
Irrational decisions that you'll regret one day <<<
so you talking shit now?
Thanks!RT : Get your Frapp on! Frappuccinos at Starbucks are half price every day until May 13th between the hours of 3 and 5pm.
#FridayReads :: Finished Ernie's Ark by Monica Wood (wonderful writer) Reading One Small Step Can Change Your Life, Robert Maurer (useful)
Oh yes I am. And on new adventures, of course. ;) How are you doing?!
": I'm not talking about Facebook, I want to know how to block you in real life."easy ignore the fuckers lol
wonders if fighting with this server is worth it today.. i can't seem to win!
GUESS WHO JUST GOT WOW BETA AFTER THE FIRST FEW WAVES, and obviously being between them. ;D
UPDATE 2-Telus withdraws unifed-share plan; profit rises
Just a little reminder, in case you might forget, RECORD STORE DAY, it's tomorrow! 4/21!!! Tell everyone you know!
The four Ps of cause marketing: partner, purpose, passion, profits.
lmao can I touch it
My wife's been craving potato salad lately - are you sure you're not pregnant?
Peace and love
yeah we are always looking at ways to expand and working w/ pro athletes would be of definite interest..
Kindness is not Weakness...
PSU Theater Arts presents: Mountain Language Zoo Story. FREE preview on January 13th at Lincoln Hall room 110!
Yes! After a yr + of not being in NYC market and being in Bmore I finally found May be 2am but I'll sacrifice!
What you expect to happen is a big part of what the result will be. Think positive.
Kepler Lucas :Suspicious vagrant in alley!! Oh, wait - it's just the pool guy.
Tastes like
did she text back this is urgent! Or who else could I ask?
We are open for business in the Convention Center until 6pm! 11-6 Thurs-Sat in Ballrooms A,B, and C. Come feed your eyes on rock posters!
We're Coming!!!
Let me do this too bc im pathetic !
Thx 4 experiencing us in #Albuquerque!
This Anthony Davis/Kyrie Irving debate is going to look really silly when they're ON THE SAME TEAM
Meet Board Member Lindsey and check out the new Web site! www.bldpa.org
that's the one!...sorry random food thought as I'm pitching sponsors w/ideas-I figured I would go to the expert for advice
“: Local news just compared a blind dog and his dog friend who helps him get around to Stevie Wonder and Elton John...WHAT?!?!?” duh
that's not the answer I was seeking. You are dead to me.
great to connect with you here, Carlo.
Thank you to the WWE and the cast and crew of "Blood Brothers" for filming in our great state......and for the delicious chocolate basket!
Happy Friday everyone! Come on in and enjoy 30 cent beers!
I'M REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS #Evol mixtape wayne suppose to drop if he havent already lol
I need 2 tickets to Thursday's Capitals/Panthers game. Who is going to help me out?
We on the top floor.
What a busy day today!
Aw. Thnks guys!! : Truth. RT : Big shout out to for her amazing work. So inspired after the day
Having a weird kind of day where you cry over "say yes to the dress: atlanta". What is even going on with me.
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Happy holidays friends!
Being a wedding photographer has been difficult post-divorce. But there are moments, editing, when I look at a beautiful... (1)
Volunteering has me looking Rough
image? Who cares as long as uw is avg enough to make the tourny every year. That and chest passes define success for uw fans
I know! So excited :)!
got my hair cut today :)
that's where I live! It is the best.
like i wish that happened again this year so she wont come back to school
i'm at an show right now, but same here just making moves.. U ever come back here?? I want to take u out! ;)
Don't limit investing to financial world. Invest something of yourself, you will be richly rewarded. ~Charles Schwab #quote via
HEY WILL U KIILLED THAT BEAT THEM CATS SNAPPING TO
just learn from them lil bro n all n God will work it out ;).
yo ima need u to stop changing your name. confusing me and shit when I get the twitter txt lol!!
Purple days blow. Taking a zero in acting.
Check out the latest creation by roly inc. www.enduroshark.com let me know what you guys think.
sometimes your head suit gets some serious vertical action happening. ever thought of getting your hair did like jean ralphio?
always fun! No matter what!!! Loving the city of the Whale's Vagina!!
oh thanks! I'm not as good as you but I am trying.
Thanks! I think I do have a link in my profile, but I'm not much good at Twitter, so I could be wrong!
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
I meant btwn us. You are not mad at me bc of my reaction to the finale.
i miss you too!
he'll ya. Just a friendly game to play in the semis
Happy Mothers Day to all #Gardening Moms, Plant Nurturers, Pet Rescuers-Adopters, and All Caregivers - have a wonderful Sunday!
Are you guys going this year? I haven't decided. Depends on when I can get my overdue book done.
Rockwell provides feedback from fourth quarter diamond sales
Auditorium is full and there's still a line up the block!!! The revolution is alive and well in Fort Worth!!
Disappointed that I can neither build a house or fix a car engine I wonder what my Dad would make of the fact I just had a manicure?
Man in critical condition following collision on Huntsville&#39;s Memorial Parkway
your dm made me think thank u so much.....
looking fwd to seeing u tomorrow :)
Today is one of those days where I just feel like doing whatever screaming
2 more days then i am off for 4days then i am on nights lol
Bad boys II is still a good movie to watch sometime.. them boys are crazy!!
thanks so much
Waiting for a photog to shoot a standup for my story. We, we so excited!
Celebrate the first snow of the season and stop in for a nice, hot drink! Show this to your barista for 25% off any drink of your choice!
LMFAO that was pretty funny my tongue got all twisted LMFAO
Bye bye Hoosiers...no surprise there. Real games start tomorrow and Sunday!
Minus 400 illegal aliens? Is that what your saying? ;)
Not feeling good at all :(
#imthatpersonwho makes myself laugh more then i can make others
you still have me :)
So, I had to write two essays in eighty minutes during AP Lit today. It's safe to say that that was the lowpoint of the day.
‘Prometheus’ Clip: On Approach to Doom via
Thanks for following! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Thank you! We look forward to seeing at our location; Downtown will be closed that day.
how about you invest your 1% rich actor money in solar, and let us invest in oil and Keystone which will employ people now?
just about week until Jan 23 North Castle Public Library!! Its gonna be epic!!!
Fly or take greyhound..... Debating
makes sense...wonder where tho, I'll be following that story for now
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
Do you give everything you have for your dreams? This actress spent her last paycheck to get Tyler Perry's attn AND she is talented!...
I'm beyond jealous<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
So cold in the ABQ tonight!!! Bundle up with someone you love, or have a drink at
": What? Bring me a pet squirrel back!"first if all its a wild squirrel
well you're in it so have no choice
HAWKS WIN! HAWKS WIN! HAWKS WIN IN OVERTIME!! #wewantthecup!!
Staccato phrases with two octave leaps and legato drones within one octave. Improvised duet. Players switch roles at will.
Im straight g tho
I can't seem to bring myself to take Mumford and Sons out of the CD player in my car...
I had a really suckish day!:(
RT : I forgot to be attractive today. //
wishing i could grow a beard
you all told me to turn it up haha
1 minute in, had my first wtf moment.
Hi Paris! Are you apartment hunting in Chicago?
rivers on bye so freeman Dalton or asmith?
"If you have nothing to die for, you have nothing to live for." Do you think this statement is true?
hahahahha (: well I'm going to sleep night sis :D
Best day with my boyfriend <3
That is very cool. I've talked my way backstage to many shows. Not VH, but I would like to! :)
So I see there are 2 job fairs in town today- they both ended 3 minutes ago. SMH
Our body is a machine for living.It is organized for that, it is its nature. Let life go on in it unhindered-Tolstoy
Also I just got to see , and FINALLY meet spike...who should really have his own twitter account. <3
So high
What do you consider most alarming? A mosque at Ground Zero, or the burning of Korans this weekend?
is Angel feeling better?(:
Hello Summer!
Davy Jones died today. Seems the 60s icons are departing
Tramp stamps at least 10x national average, for sure.
Two more weeks of school for me! Slowest weeks of my life...
Also, will you ship me? #301999 im the one in the profile pic :) xox
Austin i love you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
also ad me to face book under Dawn Reese Show
hehe. Yes, sharing the love!
About to go to sleep awkward was amazing tonight <3 night everyone sweet dreams
If you didn<U+FFFD>t get a negative reaction, that means you<U+FFFD>re standing neutral and you have no point of view
Any reason why we're being punished not TREATED to Swagger & Gabriel? WTH?
Wish this damn coughing would stop its annoying!!!
Can Detroit make it a Trifecta for the #15 seeds tonight?
Both readings work: "Let them eat cake" & "Let the meat cake"
This is really cool.Thanks for sharing it!
wow you do it all. thanks for the follow.
On with my day
The roomies are gone so I'm doing Insanity in the living room WHILE watching Game of Thrones.
Klingons say a lot of stupid things.
Not me.
"looks like an indefinite relegation for Woodall and ..."
I dont want to get out of bed;P
it's all good that's only a few peoples opinion . But what's it to you if you don't acknowledge it . You feel me !
yoo what's up
Love is everything. It is key to life, and it's influences are those that move the world.
1ST O.J SIMPSON GOT AWAY WITH MURDER BUT LOST EVERYTHING IN THE CIVIL TRAIL ... LITTLE CAYLEE IS LOST FOREVER .... OMG ...
Watch vid. of congr. brief: how states fleece #foster children and thieves steal their identities: www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmNXcA6szUE
Floor decided to allow one more player enter past reg time. Totally sazzled the guy at my table who bet the under on 100 entrants.
There's not one thing beautiful about them:)
Feeling happy, excited, grateful...
Trying to shake this feeling but sometimes its difficult, idk what to do... this mcflurry craving is probably going to win
For what it's worth, your blog is excellent. I get excited when I see a new post from you.
Your Twitter SN is one of my faves. I like
cant be that bad...
But I am your biggest fan... See it's not so bad now is it?
Our ribs today were marinated with pineapple juice, jalapenos and cilantro. Come get your Carribean Jerk Ribs ready now.
ohmygod, I've been able to download Chrome to my work machine this whole time!
For a minute thought you were giving a #fashion forecast. “: Go green! Go white! Go Orange! #michiganstate #Syracuse #NCAA”
he does, I'm sure! :D
Holy shiskabobs Batman I'm fckin wasted :)
#mets in trouble #SFGIANTS gunna take this game..
MISS YOU!
I will tweet the next tweet at 9to5 time ... I hope folks grinding will see it so that they can discuss it Real time .. Better Yet, Do It!
I lived in Europe and it was tough having constant overcast days.
you are so welcome!
Unless you were trying to fix the toaster. My Maw made me buy her a new toaster, as well as a new fork.
I admire your dedication!!! I'm lucky if I can get myself to walk to the car in this cold, let alone run 9.5 miles in it!
Occupy West Hollywood with us tonight! Bring signs.
RIP Patrice O'Neal
Are you a cool cat or just a tough guy? Shoot the peace sign reversed & horizontal in front of the body. Tomorrow: excessive celebration.
LOL.... Ma'am my kids are getting it crackalacking and its only 10am O___________O lol
Text me!! I have to ask you something
I am the law, and the law says to take ur bad music off ur sisters cd u use hahah
This will be an interactive seminar, so remember to bring your laptops. Lunch IS provided.
After 3 months I will attest - IPHONE - best decision EVER.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
Ok. Goal is to finish my planning in ONE hour, so I can go to bed early. I'm tired as heck today.
Well thank you kind sir! (:
yeah. sucks. did the fix hope it works. If not - deactivate.
40 pages in the application to MediCal? Facts from #lwv luncheon preso about health reform acts.
I didn't mind watching him stand there!
You're so right! Ugh!
Yummy Italian sandwiches for lunch with the artists prior to start of concert in half hour! Rehearsal sounded great!
Giants winning!!!!
has a lot of work to do after work today; plannin' my 26th Birthday Bash & workin' on gettin' another job! lol Here we go!!! lol
"Google Sites as a new design! Want to try it now?" —Sure, why not. Oh wait, now it's got tons of blank space at the top. Yay.
Its raining hard...again.
say whaaa? I've never had Nicaraguan food but apparently I'm missing out. Any recos?
hey man what was that site again? my twitter somehow misplaced that tweet..
if u know some1 who can raise money well let me know thanx votehenrybrim.com
Holy crap, if I didn't think it'd shave 10 years off my life...I'd drink 10 Dr. Peppers a day.
Translated: Girl, you look good. Won't you back that ass up?
-We are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of ATL for Promoters & DJ's
Just got to the stadium!
that's great! We look forward to seeing you soon.
My inner child is extremely happy after seeing that lol
From this day forward, I'm only gonna smoke on the days ending in the letter "y".
#ChuckNorris floats like a butterfly and stings like a tomahawk missile...At mach 3...In the face.
Can y'all plse follow my other twitter account itz if u follow ill give u a solo S/O
same its amazing <3
We've got our full brunch menu available, right now! On a Friday! In the middle of the day! Plus, 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas, and espresso.
Wondering what the hurricane will bring to Manhattan...
Breaking: is proposing #WDNR become a "charter agency." Permits will rain from the sky. Goodbye science.
": I swear life is so much better if you just love yourself"
no! Go #Broncos!
Opening: Director of Compliance! Must have technical proficiency in all bank regulatory matters and 10 years experience
Paul Heyman is on Raw!
about to destroy healthy food from Aladdins.
not to mention the NBA refs calling their own timeouts...whats that about?
How much better our world would be if each of us respected difference until difference doesn't make any more difference.
#cabernet and #semillon fans - check out our friends at and their Ghost Gum tree!
yeah house cup. Just not august 11th. We have beer fest in Madison :-)
Every day you should ask yourself : "What can I do today, better than I did it yesterday?" Excellence is action, not the result of action.
So, in other words...don't look at me crazy if I say hi before I blow by you ;)
“: You may not take a picture of a rabbit from January to April without an official permit. (Wyoming)” damn right.
You are my holder, Your hands they mold me...
Scheduling #photoshoots for Fitness America in Vegas. No session fee! Contact me to book or questions
single: a man who makes jokes about women in the kitchen. that being said..(insert woman in kitchen joke here)
you like..."oh yea..can work with that...." But lurking BENEATH THE FRAME OF THE CAMERA...... :X
#HappyNewYear We wish everyone a very happy, healthy and prosperous 2012!
Longest two weeks of my life
I notice that patients walking around the hall make everyone nervous, but patients should be walking around the hall, not laying in bed.
burned 243 calories doing 46 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
... urethra into the bladder instead of being ejected externally from the urethra.
you go to vsu?
I'm a Saints fan, but they got what they deserved. Maybe the rule is BS, but they were arrogant and directly dishonest about it
And I guess Adele is better than Beiber?
WORD UP!!!
Trying is failure with honor.
They treat the ladies like queens #primal tonight
^The disciples asked him, “Why then do the teachers of the law say that Elijah must come first?” Jesus replied, “To be sure, Elijah...
I wish I was there or you were here or we were anywhere together.
y i always gotta be sick :[
done! if u haven't already, go follow , , and , then plz do!
& I'll do a lot of crowd watching. my experience at Grimes was not pleasant…a lot of people seemed upset about it (though it was AMAZING)
Today is moving so slow.
Congratulations MT : The other best paper was awarded to Ray R. Larson and Krishna Janakiraman
Are there any practical ways for single or dual flight operational designs compared to say gyro-copters or wearable modifications?
She getta bunch of money, spend it all on drugs. (;
Buying new equipment is always fun!
Let's start with starting times of day first. What is ideal for HS/MS/LS kids? Once we establish that how do we build from there?
to nap or not to nap...
nothing i was just on their myspace and it reminded me. blhehehaslfsehse
Gas fueling huge fire in So. Mpls. Turned off. Will carry a news conference soon. Stay tuned to FOX9 News.
I like the Use Twitter tip.
Guy:So u dont want to hang out with me cuz Im too needy? Girl:Ya. The fact that you are crying now isn't helping either.
allen stone/ push/pull/tear. BADDASS. Daughter turned me on to it.
His baby crying in his sleep lol
Yay we got into public school!
Ok so I was maybe the youngest person there but it was worth it. I hope I have half the energy Tommy Shaw does when I'm his age.
Enterprise Ireland, Irish Learning Showcase, Jay Cross presenting
itll e a lil bit breezy just took stage <3333 m n ugh i lose a battery i cant take pics :(
Wtf? THE STONE? !?!? Owell, glad he hung himself on a DMB note.
Boston loves you man!! Keep up the good work!! Follow BostonOnTheGo?
Why am I trying to see, when there aint nothing in sight
meet someone new then you get attached...
I had a moment of giddiness and excitement when I saw in my mentions; I thought I had won the orange tree.
looks like a great site!
i think it's Magee.
hierarchy then in the sense that humans have an evolutionary responsibility to serve as ecological stewards
Young Charles Darwin didn't like Butler's school. Did Darwin become a great scientist because he was bored?
Share with me the sun
Day 6 of Nona and the kids being in Ghuatemala. I think I'll shower today.
Same to you girl!
When a real man gets his hands dirty, he knws hw to wash them clean n deal with the consequences...
So who will I be seeing at Cincinnati Warped Tour?
ok, I may have alluded to #teamfollowback, but it wasnt a guarantee Bieber fan who cant speak english. No can do. Back 2 trollin4talent ; )
RT -> If #Aquarians catch you lying, it's done. They'll never trust you again. They may forgive, but the trust never fully returns
Mind in one place - heart in another.
Sounds great!
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties
Traditionally, hearings start with expert witnesses, and call citizens seeking to talk about the experiences later.
Can't believe and left #DWTS they were so amazing this whole season! :(
yet people are eating it up like candy.
Looking in the app store... no iBooks2 yet....
A senior's trick to meeting the 20-pg length requirement for my final paper = multiple, long block quotations
hey, im trying to unpack combofix and get at the code you use to install the cmdcons for xp. I'm making an AV cd and I'll trade.
haha yes, I'm originally from Hazleton, PA :)
Nope, as long as we also continue *doing*!
Hang tough, Maria! :)
You are RACIST because you are WHITE.
Thank you! RT : Welcome to Twitter by following them, #ROC folks!
It's Okay Not The Best
thinks the world of free ice cream
Life's a ride enjoy the trip and have no regrets when its done
If incentive comp is what you're looking for, you've come to the right place - COO Evan Ellis intros
oh boy. my hands are paralyzed. need dollar za at the black hole immediately.
Plus You Met My Mother Even If It Was An Accident .
RT Im IN RT : Let's make a deal. It's going to be 100 Thursday. If 100 people RT this then we'll give away 100.
Getting to see her was probably the best part of my day!:)
Happy First Day of Spring! What projects do you have on the list for this Spring?
My son came out of his room and got in my bed and fell back asleep
Hey people :p Follow me :p Tnx :p
Not looking at you - Im looking pass you
probably because you punched me
old christmas songs are soo short ...
#WeWontWorkoutIf you can't sing at least one number from Cabaret.
#DesireThursdays I desire for each of us to locate a brand new- never before uncovered desire today- and savor it
I know! So much to do, so little time! In fact, assembling, stuffing and stamping wedding invitations tonight!
Who going to win the Super Bowl? Specyphi what you Believe....!!!!!!!
Me too! I may have caught up on sleep finally... RT : Still riding the good vibes from #505Stomp!
Good morning! Beautiful day! Overcast is my favorite weather :]
Embrace who you are!
I'm on..Don't see you though..
What Was It Like Being In The
You can do anything you put your mind to.
Get out and vote today, yo.
Everybody deserves a second chance, but not for the same mistakes.
I'm too clingy not to text back.
Yay! It will happen someday!!! :) I love the sound of RSS! :)
You need a cat. :/
Teaching 5 classes in one semester isn't as hard as it sounds. Keeping up with the paperflow from those 5 classes? Brutal.
Tune in ASAP www.radiosupa.com Co hosting live
Moms not picking up And shes not here for mothers day :( gay!! What do I do now?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Yeah I'm chillin' on a dirt road Laid back swervin' like I'm George Jones
true story. “: Subtweeting about an ex means they have won.”
LOL when gets followed by ginger power twitter accounts
Looking forward to an incredible weekend. How about you?
Lol complete opposite
fiesta exhibition opens thursday... lets go!
.....he'll be next season" or "what the future holds". its a shame he was a pretty lame leader. didnt fill
Yeah, I heard about that...glad you guys got it fixed...even though we no longer have a ton load of votes! :( Oh well!
it's a trend, i hear.
When does the season start up again?
Why is it okay for India to launch a new missile but not N Korea? Stop with the double standards people.
If anyone gets any tweet from anyone stating rumors are being said or someone is talking bad about them, don't click the link or reply!!
Men's best successes come after their disappointments. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Idk if I'm more thirsty than hungry or hungry than thirsty ...
follow and please :D x11
Ok... You should have pimp slapped the..... woman!
Can't wait 2 interview Helen owner of tonight!!
Working hard to obtain my dream and goal
Make sure to get to the tonight for the opening of "2 Nights of Carnaval!" Show starts at 9:00, tickets are $12.
oh we know what comes next...
thx for killer IT'S CASUAL w/ preview in for show Fri 5/4 hardcore, metal, mayhem, loudness
Today, we remember those that died on 9-11 & those that continue to be killed as a result of ongoing wars.
Mark Ballas' 'DWTS' blog: Double duty - Asbury Park Press
I love this song. I used to have this record. I think I might go download some.
Thanks for the Tweet love! I'll check out the Essential Ginger Oil! Have a nice weekend.
Thanks for coming in to Mizu for lunch!
my limited guitar skills are turning into a productive constraint
IT'S SO HAWT OUT <U+2600>
[In case you wondered, cleverly-early father's day card inscription currently reads, "Thanks for being the Atticus to my S[cribble]." SIGH.]
Hey there!
it's says I'm offline but I'm really online
or drunk
It's cold as titties outside, can't even finish my cigg. # wasteful
The McMenamins one? That will be a fun vlog!
Sweet!!! I'll follow your pins :)
4 Things That Motivate Employees: Be generous with praise, Get rid of the managers, Make your ideas theirs, Never criticize or correct.
Happy Birthday Yogi Berra!
Hooked it up with the brgr black & white malt tonight! Damn I love NY...
Protect your brand ! You can't be serving steak then substitute it with salisbury steak . Keep it consistent.
Big Bs,
me too bro.. And my skateboard was in there too
“: Big ups from Nashville killed the stage hip-hop is my <3 n killed it fa the lord >>>thanks fam! :)
#freakytweet she say felt lik I created a hole in her stomach..me: didn't know I was in ya stomach it all felt like pussy to me
Pretty little liars asdfghjkl
Thats funny enough. “: I'm knew to this tweet shit. Chatta”
Riot ceo Brandon is really engaged in their community, he's one of the top 0.5% forum contributors! says at
Is it just me, or are reCAPTCHA texts getting weirder and weirder?
i so wish i was downtown right now
I won't mention panda's
I think you are just what I've been looking for...what you think?
is Raelert bleeding or is my screen resolution just weird?
Thank you! for reminding me. My mahjong friends won't forgive me if I haven't seen this.
Yes! RT SPS_Hockey SPS 4 BBN 1. SPS goes on the road and scores 4 unanswered goals to start the season 2-0. Next game at St. Mark's on Wed.
Where did you have the brew?
The wealth builders club free training call was very exciting today. Join me for Thursdays call.
Just got the most amazing email from former student who thanked me for encouraging her to write everyday. She's graduating from law school!
I'm lonely, life is meaningless, for all that I have loved has left, and all that is left has no love, i wish for dreams, dream about wishes
Just blocked Do NOT need a tweet every few minutes reminding us to buy your useless merchandise!
I can't wait for May 1st. Just to put on some pads and hit someone!
We will be in Seven Hills tomorrow at The Fall Fest and Chili Cook-Off! Come check us out! W.greatlakesclothingcompany.com
well I'm prayin she sends it fast!
Quote: "A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes." Mark Twain
So guess what ?!
Protesting is a great idea, but in light of the emergency situation in Lincoln County this move should be rethought.
Only because I want you to understand and like me! :)
I know who you are where you work and you better hope I don't find you!
is wondering why Joe Buck is so fixated on
VEN A URUGUAY PLEASE!
Crappy site says you don't know what you're doing. No site says you might not even be a Uxer; that's probably worse.
Rejection letter from #agent who looked so good. Eh. Goes with the territory.
to what song ?
Watching nfl live. Gets me pumped for football season!
Thanks Kelly! It was nice meeting you! You guys did some good work yesterday!
just had somone spill the entire contents of their water bottle in my gym bag.....full of ALL my clothes.....yay!
Super excited about the organic veggie CSA share I won today - thanks to for sponsoring!!
Being lazy...
Canada could develop a similar TV format to P&T's Fool Us! In the place of P&T we would have our 4 world champion magicians. Who are ?
You dont really want my heart
UGH. fml. i hate people. end of story. GOODBYE.
Whole Foods in Wexford got it too
S/o to smile
I ate too fast...now I feel sick >.<
it's no "Throw Deep," but it's aight.
Its my 3rd day back on Lexapro and I feel worse then before I started
Let's prep it out
:I know what you mean, young lady!
The amount of Dora product I purchase is questionable.
I know #TheBachelor was unreal but how was your #fundip ?
Trying to get Best Buy to deliver my washer is like the movie Brazil. " call the warehouse". Warehouse: "you need to call the store"
im in gen assembly a. Where r u?
Beatles Fact: The Beatles had sold 1M records by 1985 & had 21 #1 singles in the U.S. Enjoy the music...#RetroOnThePatio May 10th
oh cool (: ahaha
I'd err on the side of "I'm sorry."
Thank you! Will do~
thank for the mention. hava a great week-end!!!
yeah sure -anna
Its called "Brutally" Honest because it hurts.... now take those tears to someone who cares
Nice. Its going to be fun. We had dinner @ TH Lighthouse tonight btw. It's was delicious & a great view of bay & DT. Thank U
aww you are adorable! It makes me tear up sometimes too not gonna lie haha! :)
ill see what i can do. We'll need too. Try to track down Mr Wooten!
That was the best nap ever
Lots of sunshine and seasonable temps today around Central Ohio. It's going to get cold tonight... details in just a few minutes on 10TV!
I want her to read my mind !
True life in haiku.
“: Oh shit I'm really high yo”
in no way was that directed at y'all, I just meant that all these people are all of the sudden "life-long" Rangers fans
No untroubled day has ever dawned for me. ~ Seneca
Usher AND Will Ferrell on SNL tonight?? I think I just jizzed my pants.
Good luck for a safe race #SPEEDF1 , not a chance I'll make it to 2AM, thank god for DVR.
To anyone following me - PLEASE do not add me to any farms or Marcia's etc
it's these wireless cameras and router. There killing me!
#BayArea Families: Photographer debuts new #childrensbooks on baby animals in the wild tomorrow, 5/15 at 4pm
TAKE IT TO THE HEAD ^_^
How the hell did i manage to lose all four of my chapsticks in this whole moving process
I know! And Beastie Boys reminds me of you and a few friends, actually. At least one song from when we were in h.s.
we are al about making dreams come true!
YES IT IS! My son Prince Wolfe Fluffay will reign when his father is gone HIAIL PRINCE FLUFFAY HAIL
lol I do that at the beach house cuz I hate making those stupid bunk beds -.-
ive been obsessing with stuck in the middle by four year strong lately
are paola & jenny really calling each other and not saying anything?.. well yolo
Why is this FUNNY to me!?! | “: Who woke up next to one of their followers?”
So damn excited! Leaving for Florida tomorrow morning!
There's a dalmation and everything. Neighborhood women are starting to congregate.
For a time, I tried training cockroaches to eat the stink bugs. The damned things didn't take to the lessons, though.
I also published my first fiction e-book this past weekend with another scheduled out by the end of August! Man I love writing! :)
Aw BABY!
Winky the cat is needing lots of attention today, lots of purring & eye squeezes, but spilling many beads!
been studyin for this test since 7 i betta pass
ah yes... the Truman Show and Groundhog Day are the same movie: escape = illusion, while living a #medialife = last day of Groundhog Day.
"Would you like to try our new Junkyard Dog?" "Umm no thanks that sounds pretty disgusting" omfg! xD
Stop by smoothie king after an organic body scrub to fill up and feel fresh from the inside out!
Another 5% for the Dow. Almost 7% for the Nasdaq. Should be a very exciting week.
Dorito Loco Taco from T-Bell be burning my heart with love
Ahahaa xD I wonder who that could be.
This is a fantastic way to recap #Luck: character IS structure. Also, more essays need to be written about Dennis Farina.
Someone I hardly know commented on one of my pictures on Facebook, saying "You look like you should be on the news." Oh, if he only knew...
I GOT MONEY IN THE BANK
Got sick so im going home
Stopping for a taco always makes me late.
#3wordsaftersex dam im married
No matter what you do or what you say, people will always start shit and talk about you in a bad way. It's life. Deal with it, and smile.
Watching COLLEEN, a 1936 musical starring Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, and (sigh...) Joan Blondell, with songs by Harry Warren and Al Dubin.
#TerrificThursday have a great day :)
Hey Browns fans, where you think Peyton Manning will end up?
hahahaha she needs to have more parties like that.
I know!! But the pool is worth it!! Plus it's month to month and no sign up fee!! Trade with me :)
good to know I'm not the only one :)
officially hasn't cal only taken UK to the final four?
Sometimes you should look foward to the future & forget about the past, because whats done is done & whats ahead is a mystery.
@ the Farm xD
“Do not...keep children to their studies by compulsion but by play.” - Plato
Thanks for joining me on Twitter :)
A cat food commercial made me cry..in my defense, they used a stinking marriage proposal and it threw me off.
What to wear what to wear??!!
eat u out till u wet the bed.
Picking up my wife then getting out of the cold.
I still listen to ELO.
Deuces Boston!!<U+2708>
IT CAME OFF! :)
So glad our crew from are back from #SXSW. Next time, we're sneaking into suitcases.
Great game 5 victory Red Wings. Let's get another victory in game 6 on Tuesday.
so worth it.
: "you never thank me for the bracelets i give yo so......" implying you didn't thank for the cd So your saying is revoked.
Instagram is finally out for the Android. IE people like me who can't afford to run an iphone
ok. i made a tumblr. now what
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Walter Bagehot
God has put way too many stupid people in this world just to test me
I could listen to only Mayday Parade for the rest of my life and be totally fine with it
": I tongue kiss her other tongue."-skeet skeet skeet water gun
The short and medium term goal for Africa is not to compete with China but to compete with foreigners in accessing African markets
Cat Fact: Domestic cat is the only cat to hold its tail vertically. Wild cats hold their tails horizontally or tucked between their legs.
#FF recommendations More of our gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
Can I join?<U+263A>
pick up your phone!!
Very insightful today Biff. No sarcasm,The majority of this generation has fallen into the trap of "what society wants me to do"
BREAKING: market has strawberry lemon pistachio croissants today.
It's just about snack time. :)
That was a mighty fine cupcake. I had the Royale w/ Cheese I definately recommend. Can't wait until you open at end of Sept.
Who's in orlando come see me im here 2hrs lol
Wifi on the 2nd floor of convention center is nonexistent. Wish I could connect to virtual conference programs. :(
Thanks for the introduction. , Look forward to hearing all about the upcoming Miami photo-walk you have planned!
Had such a great weekend at the #XLCenter in #Hartford. How was everybody else's weekend?
are you showing the Dark Knight Rises prologue?
Such a lazy day. I just want to sleep...
for sure.. I'm just curious now watching the HL's and seeing his height what better franchise to learn from right now
mine sounds more like a cackle...>:)
Chase isn't even that good looking of a car... I'm just saying
. #UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
About to watch Sherlock Holmes and maybe Up in the Air, too.
Saw #RidleyScott's Robin Hood this week. Really great telling of the famous story. Thoroughly enjoyable.
EDM is Taking Over!
Excellent meal tonight at Publican Quality Meats...but very full. Can't believe I used to these types of dinners much more frequently.
really regretting not keep Hamilton as one of my keepers this year
I love all of your food pics! I need to join you on your food adventures!!
Thank you so much!
Whats the joke?
how is it tht wen i need a favor bitches aint there, but when they need sum they on mah doorstep in a min. fukk yuh too bitch.
Starting fresh on twitter
"I highly recommend buying this ring if you like things that are unique you won't be disappointed."
Will a lip liner serve as a pen? Sitting in the N'ville airport...heading to Ca
When I grow up I wanna be just like , but taller. #FollowFriday (via )
On further thought, you probably mean you're having a put it all together and wash your hands of it party, right?
bvt has been representin on ctp love, i must say. thass all you girl. all you. ps YOU come HERE. i'm in knox this week, dang.
Check out these exhibitors at
LOL what a prank.
happy birthday Keith!(:
To all of the Katja Blichfeld TV intensive peeps: have fun!
Tomorrow is the day .. St. Ignatius.. were coming.
its never too late! ;)
Thank you!! RT : I just saw you on fox 12 news! Great job!
Fuckin gorgeous outside right now
Call my show the next time you hear something you don't like..easier to talk that way. Enjoyed the chat. Have a nice night.
Great great GREAT morning!
Pville power out. Not cool... literally.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!!!
sorry. And I don't anymore!
I hear ya there. But really, stay safe.
My herb garden is exploding.
RT OK, the Internet is awesome. There is a out there doing gods work.
some of mine won't even take a hint
Almost got 'doored' while running on Farwell. That's never happened before.
Can't sleep. APUSH college board exam in three hours. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
did we have Spanish?
We're open 11am-4pm today, T.B.A.G. specials & delicious galore!
Agree it can get tiresome. Especially in year 17. It's a tradition.
Far more upset than I should be over someone I've never met. Still feels like we all lost something. Capitalism lost a good one.
hugs...from Florida
whip out and he'll run away cause she's an <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
What's it like going to a birthday party with wine collectors and somms? Awesome, coming up Sunday but will make for a rough Monday!
: is the best for so many reasons.
Up next, How To Deal With Negative Word of Mouth with
yup! I got a combo for 25 bucks. It was a 6 ft pole and that reel.
Some of its recorded tho cuz how they show all them previews n idk
Marketing takes a day to learn. Unfortunately it takes a lifetime to master - Philip Kotler
RT : "I don’t write for children," Maurice Sendak told Stephen Colbert. "I write. And somebody says, that’s for children."
I tried. Didn't work....
Im tired of being sick. I'd rather be in school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
why do i keep getting missed calls from you? STOP CALLING ME.
ya same thang happened.. its Koo.. just has its days
“: Be the one who everyone wants, not the one who everyone's had.” 100% agreed
I am so lucky to have y'all
Yea Me to
and I should just not be friends
Sir, I officially adore your blog,.. I'm certain I'll love your fiction. Good to meet you.
yeah I know! Don't remind me lol
started putting together a new fiction piece over the last couple of days and it landed me straight in the realm of KISS cover bands. yikes.
Change Ppl make me sick
Web standards are important to all. We broaden our audience through respect of different styles & abilities thru technology.
RT - "The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge, but Imagination!" -Albert Einstein #quote #life (via )
graveyard movies tonight at 4am. VIVA LAS VEGAS plus WILD GUITAR. where else can you relax with a zombie and a double feature at 4am?
she's only opening up for certain concerts :) is also another opening act in other concerts.
haha i know, Its just for fun!(:
There is Power in the spoken words. The power of life and death is in your tongue. What you speak with total belief.. will happen.
I don't think you wanna no cause I think u wouldn't be happy
thanks for the reminder! i brought it today :)
It's crunch time for me. But for like 7+ weeks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
LOL, yeah, I should really put it on my CV it certainly demonstrates time-management and teamwork skills!
Hahaha woooot. Btw I was up all Night hearing things and people talking outside at 4 a.m.
I can't wait to be with you girls! And to finaly meet you, Mandisa!
Mad Men time.
Great! Hope the computer donations keep coming in!
well then. but mines better. you wouldn't have copied it if it wasnt and you know it. and oh Julie go home. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
mad late... With dat info huh
That is very true, it's more a concern of political junkies, I don't think normal people necessarily think that way.
There are times when you wish you could help, but know you can only make it worse
i see
Congratulations to all the winners & everyone who participated in our Annual Antonio Meucci's Young Inventors' Competition!
It's "Shield Nickel Day" celebrating the 1st U.S. Nickel which was minted this day in 1866.
.I saw itz
Okay, so I got an iPhone...can I be cool now?!
goodmorning to you!
Who cares if we're all morally bankrupt and they've taken our liberties, as long as we have a few dollars in our pockets?
Happy 2nd anniversary of the Serve America Act!
You're welcome. Keep up the good work :)
Did just get on Tiny Chat!?!?!?
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 :) 6
I love your hair in your profile pic!
ping me if interested RT “: Getting Shit Done. The #SWRedmond meta-pitch. Building the team before the idea.”
I really don't want to deal with this right now, shitty night.
I loved it. The food is really good and the service is excellent :-)
Good practice today. Only a couple herpdederp moments at shortstop. Good swings.
Sorry I didn't get your call at 2:30 in the morning haha This old guy was in bed
Maui Chinese New Year is Sat. Jan 28. Year of the Dragon! The lion will be here sharing goog fortune for all! 12,000 people to attend!
Good morning. Happy Easter!
I been Great How bout u?
clique dynamics are too fun man
RT RT : Closing Prayer: God, my comforter, grant me your peace that I may find rest and renewal in you.
Not going anywhere are you??!!
All day, I've been grading the worst kind of essay revisions: the ones that ignore 30 errors to fix 1… and create 3 more.
...i got yelled at so much today it was ridiculous.
Love your Pic!!
I agree. you should be on the platforms that your audiences is using, right?
Pisces: You may be feeling stress that arises from your unrealistic desire to avoid ... (via )
Lazy Saturday...
I agree
i just saw two guys that looked EXACTLY like Josh Hutcherson and Liam Hemsworth so im like 'HOLY CRAP THE HUNGER GAMES IS FILMED HERE?!'
Rolling Stones on repeat. Who's with us?
hey I just saw your message...feel free to spin our tracks.. thanks man
WE SHOULD GO
Graduating in June 2012? Don't forget about the MANDATORY Career Services Grad Seminar! There's one today - May 16 @ 3 pm, Room 254
is a bitch for winning those hamburgers in TV production... I ain't gonna lie, though. He had a pretty funny video. >->
doing "The Last 5 Years" tonight and tomorrow night! it's now one of my favorite shows...great music!
Jen from MTV real world and challenges used to be hot to me.. kinda boring now, lol
Today you can solve a problem or create one...Let's GO
What was this week the week for hit and runs?
Really great REAL people to #FF:
Ha ha. Very soon :-)
Listening to the awesome Philip Glass piano album by
Saw an incredible block of documentary shorts, perfectly paired; kudos to ! Plays again tmrw
Finally! + works with my Sony Bravia TV!!!
Can't wait for summer
tweet please follow me btw ilove your page
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. - Edmund Burke
Jersey shore reruns
So when are you guys heading home?
RT I think you can make $ improving hc or by maintaining status quo. should call out the latter
Thanks for the follow and What makes you tweet?
At the W Hotel on Lex - taking a time out!!!!
0 Awards honor excellence in leveraging SaaS technologies
thanks everyone for following our page, if you guys need anything at all... we are here to listen and give the best advice we can.
Andre The Giant isn't sure that word means what you think it does...
#SXSW has taken over #ATX, but is any one checking out any gallery exhibitions this week? Whatchu up to
Happy Birthday Celine Dion! Thank you for being such a great supporter of Joel Robuchon in Las Vegas!
Luv it! “: R u food lovers following ? There's a super crew behind that app who just wanna share good eats with u!
referral partners R "icing on the cake".. The cake is my BIZ (dbase, blog, lead gen....) & working it hard evry day
Everythings a dollar
Heck yes! I played that all the time when i was younger! I'll come play with you (; hahaha in my dreams! :D x
Kick some ass Olivi! I'll be watching (I'm forcing everyone on the cruise to watch too - even the old people).
provided the awesome, delicious lunch and PDX provided the sunshine/vitamin D!
I normally don't drink..but what the heck. This is your night baby. *pecks your cheek*
Been riding all morning. My legs hurt. Lol
Brandon Marshall to the Bears and Randy Moss to the Niners..... Which move is better?
We support local radio stations (7 in fact) not shows/personalities/comments etc.
Generally speaking I speak generally.
thanks John- a really goof laugh. Did you ever work for a guy like that?
We all are #Beautifulpeople !
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
Like RT : Well, when is getting an #sxsw showcase? Think of the brand awareness via twitpics we'd get!
Declared that 's spirit animal is Bam Margera.
My next car is going to be a foreign biotch. I don't discriminate..no not at all..
Cigarette after sex oh yes
Bulldogs run by Blue Streaks
Some quotes from the physio yesterday: 'you're body is quite weird', 'normal people can reach 12 inches you can only reach two'...
We've got a plane full of librarians here. Do you think they'll make us fill out ILL forms before deplaning?
Pead did not dominate Big East enough for our #s, plus FUM as SR and inj. are concerns ... I'm personally rooting for him.
Enjoying my lunch outside.. . <U+2600>
I cannot Like posts, cannot Comment, cannot Update Status. In other words, everything is completely unresponsive.
The SD River isn't the place to dump linoleum and foam insulation. What we put in the river washes out to our beaches & bays
Good to meet you too - def. lets connect some time!
GO RAMS!! RT : Say it loud. Say it proud.
o so that,mean u can tweet me all day,lol
Going to job shadow! This should be fun!!(:
ReachLocal to Present at 40th Annual J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media and ... - MarketWatch (press release)
On my way to the Ted right now. Anybody know what kind of delay we'll be looking at?
The whole upstairs of my house smells like New Car Scent...just because i left one of those damn air fresheners on my dresser.
Dave Chappelle's picture is perfect. follow , its actually him.
Hi Stuart! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
things are always easier said than done :/
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Berry Chill - Dessert (live updates)
Your Welcome!
I'm only 6 followers away from 700. which means I'm only 306 away from 1000, which means I'm only 999,306 away from 1 million
I'm not saying it's right but I definitely understand why some animals eat their young.
you need the practice
good still waiting for yall to come down to west palm beach with a concert
YOU'RE getting a vulnerable animal, and YOU'RE getting a vulnerable animal .... YOU'RE ALL GETTING VULNERABLE ANIMALS!!!
Nolan's growth as an action director between Begins and TDK was staggering. Less shaky cam and better pacing of scenes.
Guess its timee to skip Plan A & Plan B ... and str8 to Plan C
almost there!!!
ha good one. Great musical. Keep 'em coming. I've Decided I'm going to doc my reconnecting w/pop music sensation "hanson"
Power does not reside in the individual but rather in the relationship of the person.
Laws aren't only found in statues and constitutional enactments. Laws are also set by precedent. There are even unwritten laws.
Not that anybody cares, but I have nothing nice to wear to work then go straight to dinner w/o looking like a haggered grump
you're so cute
Success is what I'm made of.
I wish you were here
Hanging out, talking about 's mustache. Despite never having met
dont be afraid to erase old cute text messages. if he's truly special, he will never grow tired of sending you those same ones
Contact D30 today for all ur promotions & marketing!!!
Actor Cliff Robertson died yesterday of natural causes a day after his 88th birthday. He was Uncle Ben in the Spiderman movies.
me too, fwiw, but it's a losing battle :)
#nowplaying .. Madonna feat. Nicki Minaj - I Don't Give A ..
I was kidding .... u know how they save all the dramz for the after show? It's like they milk the show for all it's got
I wanna cookie. Yes, that's a feeling ^_^
Have you seen their breakfast menu?? We've been craving it all day...we would settle for a taco though!
Good morning! “Take action in order to move toward your goals.” - Les Brown
I have a nice house. A nice car. A amazing family. Heck, I have an amazing life!
I need greasy pub food tonight. Perogies in a sandwich, deep fried in chicken wings. Nope, I'm not pregnant.
my mom said thank you:)
Home from work today, sick. Any miracle cures out there?
I think you're scrimshawed on the backs of my eyelids.
get your 1$ breakfast sandwich coupon ampm !! M to much good stuff
LOL oh my.. name rank and serial # huh
Writing about internal comms best practices for an article on change mgmt. Looking for pros to interview. Reach out if you're interested...
Woke up in the night thinking there was a bug on my face & freaked out. ACTUALLY my nose stud slipped out of place. Now I've gotta find it.
Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers. ~Mignon McLaughlin
Checking out the fabulous talent over at Reverbnation!
Glad you enjoyed your lunch!
#Nuggets must ATTACK ATTACK ATTACK!!!
#Wondercon is near. Con pet peeve: "Geeks" who rave about playing #Zelda. Every mother fucker with an #NES played that!
no u want her to have big every where
Seems like an odd time of the year to be shooting off fireworks but apparently, somebody who lives nearby doesn't think so!
just presented to the Career Prep Fellows at the Management Leadership for Tomorrow Conference at the Target HQ today
I love celebrity news as much as the next guy, but paparazzi really need to get a life and a real job. Leave people alone.
How does twitter? Sometimes when I open the twitter app, I start at the top of everyone's tweets, other times I start 25+ tweets down
Ate great pizza raw food restaurant in Toronto. Oh and the raw pumpkin pie was unreal. Have it with the raw ice cream.
Roy Hibbert bout to get himself paid huge money if he keeps playing like this,
Why is it that only French people and very old people like me?
Haha, you are hilarious:)! Aw thank you ma'm:)!
Everyone knows that cats crave grass. Instinctive Choice canned cat food contains dog grass extract.
The Weather Channel app is not on my good side. I've been burning up on runs bc it thinkgs it's far colder than it really is. Not ideal.
I still can't believe that Baylor is still seated
Wasted excitement for HBO tonight, Kermit lost pre-bout with the horseshoe cut, and Alvarez still not the deal, Kirkland savages him!
#girlbyenotwiththem tims you got on with shorts!
I sure hope so. The Clippers are mighty unlikable. RT ": This series is over. Grizz ain't losin in Memphis."
wait i love men hacked by jacob peirce hacked by Kodi
Nope nothing like it especially when your grandson is on the league - makes me miss my little sunshine
haha yeah sorta.lol..yeahh it is but i like dangerous minds more,its one of my favorite movies! hahah.(:
First night of the year sleeping in summer shorts! Buh-bye winter pj's!
Hi Mr. Kerry Douglas! Good to finally meet you on the One Love Cruise...blessings!
Good turnout for Dublin crime meeting after string of robberies...we'll hear concerns from biz owners at 11
"You are what you eat" ...Thats funny, I don't remember eating a legend lately..” YOU ARE A LENGEND :D
we love you...
Phantom of the opera with my baby <3 he actually likes it
Thanks for follow-back. Actively opposing guns in bars, and many gun-related articles on my site.
Half off dinner this Mon & Tues @ Clifton Inn.
My neck is killing me too tonight. I'm just gonna go on and stay up til 7:00 put my video tape on then sleep. Can't wait to see him.
They thought it was pretty cool to watch. Haven't braved it enough to go outside. It's damn cold out there!
I don't know why I even bother to try and nap. My phone rings off the hook and I'm a dumbass that won't turn it off in case of emergency.
Composer, singer, director, choreographer and UCLA Regents' Lecturer Meredith Monk will be at UCLA for a weeklong residency...
Hitting a few games in June, thats when I'll check out casino too! RT
Hah! We used to try playing differently and then got the betting game. It usually results in more pies for me...
did you just watch the "unbearable lightness of being?"
Lol. Its easy (;
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you is determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jawaharlal Nehru -
just did an audition for a michael bay produced ad for LG Transformers...awesome!
Most definitely!:)
not right now because im still talking to him ...
City Liquidators is looking to hire a new person for our office!
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!!
Start your day off right with breakfast from Wit a Schmear & earn an additional 20% #cashback reward on any purchase on Mondays!
Happy Birthday Francis Ford Coppola.
This is pathetic
It's gonna be hard, but I gotta let him go </3
Nice roundup, and thanks!
You are the wind beneath my wings NBAPlayoffs
That's a great photo. 3 of my favorite ppl. The man who inspired to do music & 2 others that helped 2 formulate my style. GOD bless
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.
Speakin of speed what happen to my cash:-)
www.Twiddla.com: a free collaborative, no-setup, web-based white space to mark up websites, graphics, and photos, or brainstorm online.
Fort Skeezy ain't seen the likes of me yet
thanks for the follow....keep tweeting
Shes got what I need.
MT : Employers here in ALA JobLIST Placement Center looking for job seekers. Open house thru noon; stop by DCC Hall C.
Ultra bored, its saturday.. I shouldn't be home.
excited to network with PR professionals tonight at the mixer
Always and forever :D bitches just be trippin for no reasonn
Where's the snow, yo?
That means a tremendous amount to me. Thank you so much :) Very kind of you!
Nothin Much, Just Workin On My Story :)
Wearing your seat belt is so uncomfortable. No wonder why I normally dont
my best friend was killing it in the basketball game 2 day!!!!!! Ayyyeee!! Gold 4 the girls, black for the boys!!
Damn i hope ur alright rae!?
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit."~Aristotle
so ready for you to be here already!!! <3
RT : Working at The Sailor's Muse today w/ Having a hard time finding lezbo music to listen to. Help
I see that our former goalie just signed a contract extension with St. P.
You do you are the light when every things dark. When all else fails I look at you. You are a knight in shining armor. (cont.)
why is it weird again? Lol
Yeah, that happened to me on Sunday, my mouth just DROPPED!
A jet ski would've been a more efficient mode of transportation in LA today.
Happy Birthday Heather J!
lol you just stoped talking but you can come back in
Northstar is my favorite band. Perfect music, always.
Hey sweetheart Ariana<U+2665> How are you? So good to read your tweets everyday ! I love you so much<U+2665>
RT : Positive Vibes &amp; Good Energy.
Never violate the mother lion of a vicious cub. At all. Period.
Invite received. Thanks again!
IM ON SOME OTHER SHIT! (PLIES VOICE)
let me try to unfollow someone and try it again
you should go to the pound and rescue one, buying dogs from breeders is lame
haha. they are overrated & awkward, i don't blame you
that makes so much more sense in my world view. That's awesome.
Maybe that will stop the bunting. Probably not, but maybe
Dearest karmau if u could "do ur thang" to the person that hit my car parked on the street that would be great, even better if I could watch
it would probably be my most prized possession.
<U+25CA> You mean what about other people's samples? There were two others stored with Braun's I hear, both tested normal.
i kinda miss it
Ready for the circus to move on
Finalizing stuff for the week ... 3 day weekend!
One of the originals. You clearly missed the point.
It's the perfect rainy LA morning for some tea.... I'm thinking high mountain Oolong.
Plan your holiday party with Send us a DM!
Reichman concerned that fair use may be taken to the WTO. That has been a threat for years. I think it would pass the test.
excellent! We are delicious ;o). Looking forward to meeting you. We love all of our customers.
you shouldn't judge maybe he has back issues
Pretty sure you would just transfer that worry onto something else.
haha no its fine! i don't really care I have told him a million times I'm not going #crazykid lol
just keep following people!!!
just came to check up night guys :)
Just played basketball without Can't wait to play him next
RT- I bet at least knows how to spell -Who cares ya fuckin fag eat shit and die
rule of law; freedom; human rights; dignity; justice and equality for all Egyptians. Are you willing to put that down on paper?
Today's Pizza of the Day is Chicken with Tomato, Basil and Garlic Cream Sauce. Just $12. Free Toasted Ravs if you mention this Tweet.
I've liked every one I've used. I've lost several. So just find one that comfortably fits your hand and pocketbook. :-$
Who knew that is from Rochester? #worldcupfinal Via Her brothers bar must be going wild!
Skyward I meant
...OMFG..I JUST JIZZED I LOVE IT!!
All of us only have so much sand left in the hourglass and one day our sand will run out. The time to risk is now and the great ones know it
you got it! I'd love to see you perform again!!!
i guess romney's advance team didn't get that gen election memo MT : RT : Christine O'Donnell here at Romney DE event
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and coach mcmac or whatever
Most of the people I know crave attention but end up embarrassing themselves trying to get it
LA County Fair was a lot of fun.
im watching the happening for the first time.
Watt'age in the house at Reliant Stadium! Can you feel the electricity in #Houston!?
I love this!!!
It's Tuesday again!! LADIES Night @ LIMA 1401 K. ST. (LADIES 21+=FREE B4 12 on Katie's List) TXT names of u & ur guests to: 7034073810
this peanut butter is making a fool of me
Thank you for the mentions! Enjoy making it an awesome Monday!
Eager to read yours: MY LIFE WITH STELLA KANE.
Everyone looks hotter with a better smile :) 212-265-7150
Enjoyed speaking with you!! Thanks for visiting DC! Love the Show!
The pre-sale is on... will you get tickets before the show sells out??
good for you..You do look great:)
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Terrorists planning to use innovative plastic and body implanted bombs aimed to avoid U.S.DHS and TSA detection, according to U.S. gov't.
ouch! If I see jalapeño bananas on women's faces all day, I'm blaming you.
your not wasting your time bud
Ouch! Hope the drugs do the trick but remember pain killers and Twitter don't mix!
"Army of Darkness" is an imperial stout that just recently released. (Like, yesterday.)
Just watched "Eat, Pray, Love" FANTASTIC! should be called Eat, Pray, Drink! 597 bottles of wine were consumed in the making of this movie.
New outreach to Las Vegas coming this May!
There's something about men that drive trucks ;*
Has anyone else noticed the racial undertones in the new #snapple diet half'n'half commerical? Just me?
Isn't it like almost 3? LolRT i'm bored
@#HowToSurviveAHorroMovie Don't be black, having sex, or blonde.
Can I at least give you an awkward hug?
I feel terribly uncomfortable right now..
m! What varietal?
Among NL teams, the Giants have the lowest BA. against Wolf (.217).
RT : Just saw The Lucky One. Can I be the lucky one to have Zac Efron in my... boat? Hahah inaprops!
not if the kids are unable to explain what they're getting checks for-as was the case today in the class I saw!
Prices for the same cartridge can vary between different retailers too, so it pays to shop around
I think I have drag Momma ...
- Take o'brien to the empty trophy cases and tell him he can be the first UW QB to get crystal ball!
This is the first time I've seen the today show in probably 8 years.
That was such an awesome night for a ride; the beer was good and I met some new friends at Joy Machines too, Ohio City was jumpin!
Wow! You inspired a million people with one video AND you gave me the best cry I've had in a while. THANK YOU!
Treat me the way you expect to be treated
Listening to Michelle Obama's horrible rendition of emotion makes me gag. She lies!
Demsey's is on fire!
I hope those squirrels are dead wrong!
Having NFL network for Thursday night games is cool, working Thursday evening is not...
Tranexamic Acid spray STOPS bleeding on contact – you should have a bottle on hand this summer! Call 412-681-6400
Who wants to be my 500th follower? Just one away.
hopefully!! And it will happen for you too 1 day ok! :) <3
Relatable, humble, patient, & have their best interest at heart
That feeling u get when u finally listen 2that beat just rendered & it sounds perfect!
RT “To those who lean on the ever outstretched arm of the Infinite, life is big with limitless possibilities.”-Ernest Holmes
Since when did you have a twitter?!!!
Sounds great to me! Hit me up with what you think.
Frequency with which I hear abt doing spin classes makes me concerned he's going to leave #NewGirl to be a spin instructor.
I kept it so real witcha that I was blind.
What do you think of our #Non-Tip #Hookah #Stands? We'd love your feedback!
I put Ray on all the best restaurants in Lansing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I'm amazing
You find out who your friends are...
I like #instagram! Mainly cause I LOVE pictures and capturing the moment
I've been here 30 some years and almost have a good grasp of the mother tongue. ;-)
Happy Monday all...visiting Marvin Colon in Orlando, Florida setting up networking events...www.marvincolon.com check us out..
Advertising now is more targeted by determining who is viewing it -- tailor the copy and images
ME ME ME ME ME OVER HERE ME!!!!RT : #24HOURS #BOYFRIEND who's excited ?
I hope I get to work with Dre one day just to freek his ass out... Since people say I look like pac.
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays to all!!!
Need help finding a rental? Give Tony a call @ 775-826-1414
I'm starting to think of my post-graduation days as a promise land where I get to read what I want to read.
& VIP party at starts now!
This is the jam... Yep. Just said that out loud...
lol top of what?
That Polish was delicious, and your music was also wonderful. I love Social D.
I am on the cusp of making custom art card sleeves, and I would love to make some with the Team Unicorn logo.
Ill be sure to think about that while at work today...
Hope to see all of you showing up at CREAM STEREO LOUNGE tonight its gonna be madness come check it out in Scottsdale.
Catering by #GoddessandGrocer really hits the spot. The chopped salad dressing? Divine.
oh I know. is having major issues about it right now. The game is everywhere in Westport EXCEPT the Beaumont.
shuttle plane just flew over dc. cool view from the office in Tyson's.
glad to see u r swinging back to Tigger:)
Idk how this boy talking and he anit got No teeth
Determination and Perseverance is the key to success, I'm on my way ain't no turning back now
New day, rain & grey, inspiration held at bay...come back sun rays, don't wait to many days
Why is there a Madagascar 3?
With 9% unemployment, Obama 100% backs 50% of a pipeline that gets 0% of oil to the gulf.
I was asking Becky who to call and she called Facilities on our behalf. Hopefully it will be cleared b4 tonight.
"#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Milfs over everything" only at nova my mans hahaha
Hope you're all having a wonderful winter break! What're some of your holiday plans?
Help others this Holiday Season. Tell us about your cause and let us share the message.
Another long day
same here when I hear testing I think BLAAAAAAHHHHH :-)
#England General Hooker was classic American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
I just want some for the house. Party of one! lol
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.~ Vince Lombardi
Drink in my cup >>>
Going to testing center to sit for VCP5 test
Thesis: submitted.
The day the music died?
Happy Thanksgiving to all of the NKYSPORTS.com family. Turkey today, high school football tomorrow!
You're welcome! RT : Thank you so much for the tickets! I received them yesterday and was very happy :)
Fire alarm testing all morning. MAKE. IT. STOP.
That was stupid granger
They bring us no peace... :[
i heard Ice-cream makes Californians poop.. is that true?
My cuz posted this and I had to copy and paste..."Black church, Y y'all trippn now? You don't trip at the weekend musicals do u?...."
hell yeah
Dear Warner Bros. CUT THE BUDGET if necessary, S5 can be John Noble reading a phone book in the lab for 13 episodes!
Diamond chains black range double cup no stains..
BIG shout out to for the great Honor Flight meals.
Redemption Choose to write your own Comeback story You're not alone
I can't Sunday. I'm entertaining out of town friends. I might be free tonight. Dunno yet!
officially on twitter. anyone wanna tweet me or ??
I'm killing the planet one flight at a time.
Maybe you're not lying. I just remember I picked the Kings.
Thanks to and the lovely Mavris for one of my fav nights in Indy
with drinking and watching #whitneyhouston videos.. I have nothing!!! RIP!
Dyson is super creepy about cleaning.
4-H. We do a lot of volunteering.
Um good morning!! I just saw Luke Perry as I walked in to intern at the acting studio just a moment ago! Still cute, but not 90210 cute!
Looks interesting. #Detroit history deserves some docs.
My chemistry class is the worst ever. I have to write a paper before 2 today and clean my room by 2. Oh yeah. This is going to be fun.
When you have pit stains on a shirt.. I think its time to throw it away... nasty
I don't really be on here boo
Just had a great meeting and visit with the retired teachers from Elkhart County. Thank you for serving students!
I had the worst lingering headache since early this afternoon. Late night Chinese just fixed this! I hadn't eaten anything all day.
Finally home after a long week. My baby girl is so strong. So proud of her.
Video blog alert! Watch , and I take a first look into the steamer trunk
so excited to be going out to #CA World 2011 in Las Vegas next week! Come see #FiberLight by the
Hearts on Fire! Rocky 4 must be on. Classic
Just "stuff". And maybe an empty public building. MT: What are libraries without librarians? - #harvarddebate"
Unfortunately, they love my screen door.
And I wanted to marry him RT : When I was in high school, I wanted to be Lloyd Dobler SO bad.
Dishing out W's and ass kickings!!!
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Russian Circles - Riot Room Jul 03, 2012. Yes please.
RT : Less than a week after 's old label Roadrunner basically shuts down, she raises $360k on Kickstarter
...Frick. I still need to finish both of my books. I need time!!
I understand completely!
Thanks, Sean. Go Mariners!
You're very welcome... Have a great weekend!
thanks for your follow
Great photos/view! Where at the airport were you to see it that close?
Ok, off to retrieve the boy child from football game. I hope they won, at least....and that we get to have a leisurely Saturday morning
Addicted to Turtles!
Oh, me neither. It's strange trying to connect with folks on here sometimes, definitely different from anything else I've used.
We are excited to be at the #ASCD12 conference this weekend in Philly! Come by Booth 249 and say hello!
WHO?!?! just in case my gal is no long at Krimson. speaking of - i need to book an appt soon & we should get coffee the same day
Staff is digitally divided - and have their own misconceptions about ye Internet.
#Congrats Greg! RT : My daughter Hayley graduates in 3 minutes
There is nothing I would love more then to see the girl I love on impressing us daily with her baseball knowledge.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it ~ Confucius
RT : I cannot eat just one donut...they are dangerous and addicting goodies :)
Merry Christmas Eve
boyfriend will kill me. Ha.
thanks! glad you liked the AR presentation and thanks for coming over to the City Archives
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Name Talen
You weren't gulping down gin?
shout out to you fellow Yanks fan
Sure you can! Just wear a bib!
I'd totally give up money to play for their chicken salad sandwiches...
right! It wouldn't even be Criminal Minds without him. I wouldn't be able to watch it
I hate taking pictures. Is there a phobia for that? xP
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for attending & donating & being all around amazing! Bloody Brunch Holiday Bash 2010 was a success!
Oh neighbors, how delightful that little Booboo is outside all the time again. Still barky as ever, how lovely.
At the movies
7 more followers ? (:
Try instead a handful of Almonds, and some veggies/fruits. Quick, easy on the go, and from the earth
Thank you for the mention. What a joy it was narrating this book for Pastor Laurie!
Hi awesome work on the framenetwork ... Also one q, I noticed your lastname is it Polynesian?
our tech lead is sitting behind you
The true neighbor will risk his position, his prestige and even his life for the welfare of others. Martin Luther King
can you please go back to your moms uterus omg
I'm in Seattle and I go to ATL in the morning. But I think I just found out I gotta go to Shreveport, LA tomorrow too then back to ATL. Smh
SNAP BACK IN TO IT WE GOT EM NEW ERA SNAP BACK EXCLUSIVES
STAAR testing the rest of the week means library is closed. On upside, I'm a relief person for 2 days & should have time to finish BZRK.
add up all the factors You wack your twisted your girls a hoe your broke the kid aint yours and errbody know. Your own man say u stupid- DMX
you can thank my #bayer colleague Will H!
watch they will catch on :D .... but by then ill be on the nbt
2 out. Runners on the corners. Lucroy at bat.
Just tapped, Vortex IPA (replaces Torpedo Extra IPA)
Philadelphia area Wal-Mart stores, brace yourselves for mass broom returns tomorrow.
oh and get my tumbling.
I'm with you on that homie. Tmobile has been ok but I need an iphone...I just don't know who I should switch too....
Well I havent seen the word#villan on my timeline for a while!Get this trending for YEA YOU HEARD ME!TREND IT!DO IT!RIGHT NOW!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 65
"you're the one thing I can't get enough of... so I'll tell you something, this could be love" <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4> dirty dancing makes me smile :)
already there, girl.
Trying to finish the vocab today so I can do the questions tomorrow
If someone hasnt seen your previous tweet...this one would look AWKWARD. lol!
#ImminentDanger Zander: cites points in story, but then says story ignored them.
8 days to Go and still keeping My tradition Never spent it alone and will never do , From worst to best Am sure ;)
The King's Speech wins #BestPicture #Oscars !!!!
Haha! If it's anything like Quarantine, I'll be sleeping with all of my lights on after I see it.
Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
K you can stop talking to me now
Tie between Dick Tracy and Bulworth!
Have a good day everbody.....!!!!
so a lion not a crab?
great meeting you!
Well the chainsaw's chain needs to be replaced. Looks like this job gets postponed.
Very cool. Good Luck in the Rock N Roll. Let me know how you do.
Thank you for the #FF! Our committee of loves working with your organization!
#cil11 Just noticed the tiny sign on the podium. For track B the network is East2 and the password is cil2011dc
Experienced my first pro day today at Wisconsin. Sort of like a circus, but with stopwatches and bench presses. Definitely interesting.
trying to make a rac run tomorrow
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. ~ Julie Andrews
#usbank loss draft department employees need to learn to say: "M'am, I am so sorry. I will make sure this gets done." Period.
yes today is a good day. You're alive to live & bring hope & help spread acceptance!
Gingrich counts as southern. Military brats get to choose.
Am I crazy to pack my gym bag to hit the pool right after the Bun Run?
Check out our website www.cellofury.com to purchase our new album! more links coming soon to the site
on #Leadership - New York times turns a mistake into a misdeed. Mistakes are for learning; misdeeds are for consequences....
Sunday, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Should I get
I'm going to start brewing my own beer soon. Been several years but ready to get back into it.
photo or it didn't happen
just play with it you will figure it out ...RT
I love that one so much, especially the line "in your scope I am content"
My gravestone will read: "Here lies Trevor, whose pants just never seemed to fit..."
Or better - 'the suspect was described as an hispanic man in jeans and white t-shirt'. OK, that narrows it down. Useless.
text me you asshole! Its been awhile. I miss my flaming faggot.
I must leave I cravedarkness absenceofsound the coolness of the brambledown by a creek Myheart wants to speak of sweet love/ myhead tooweak
Do I carry my high school diploma around? What do you do with your hair? What happens if there's inclement weather?
exactly why LEBRON needs to be shooting the ball at the end of the game
Only thing u can control in this world is yourself...
I hate when you have like 45 hair ties, then your friends come over then you have like none.
Hi Sylvia! RT : aloha everyone - better late than ever... tuning in to todays convo
Moving day went gr8, now time to unbox! Its fun making a house into a home!
Whenever a longtime figure like leaves the poker scene, it makes me feel, deep in my bones, that I really am a lifer.
money and fame will make any person look 10 times sexier
Can people change?
can not stress enough how important it is to have the support of the for the campaign.
Baldwin: "The original bill I wasn’t comfortable with, but we can't have outright theft of U.S. intellectual property."
we found some neat ones at Micheals.
great to meet you tonight w/ !
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy I fell in love. #GladYouCame into my life
Wearing shoes sucks.
Adora Svitak challenges us to rethink who can be a "teacher"
My wife thinks the #onion is a real news print .
I was just thinking about that sundae. Can we go back and just order that?
can you bring me a case please ill give it back when i get mines
Hopefully they'll play two story love song (or whatever that song was called) and everyone will forgive and forget
Can't say--I only just started making my way through his filmography, tho it's a steep drop after the progressive HANG 'EM HIGH.
haha :) feel better Kay? just get back to school
There's a bear wandering around Glendale who has a predilection for Costco meatballs.
Join us at Jame's Hoban's restaurant for Happy Hour. With a donation you will get light refreshments and drink specials. 5:30-8p.m.
It's an XL, it doesn't even fit me
awesome lol! Dude you wont believe where i am...:/
#GrnBz #If11: what if all consumer electronics were upgradeable? what if energy efficiency were the new granite counter top?
Yay #46201! RT : I think I will start tweeting more about my #46201 community.
Listening 2 coast to coast AM 640
Love is objectified by what men say is right, so express your humankind, fight for your rights.
-- an afternoon paczki is mighty tempting right now -- way better than the tasteless yogurt I'm pretending serves as a dessert
I concur. Like said, good being around other social crazies.
got so much i gotta do tonight...record this blog....record a few songs
Working on a book layout for a client and graphics for another. Always makes me nervous to mess with someone else's creation.
oh I'm good at recognizing signs like that. I'm just unclear of the name of the source
Enjoyed her lovely concert: #ElizaVeta here at #TBWA\Chiat\Day
Katharine McPhee makes every song better! She's amazing!!
Free tickets for me, yes please.
Workout! Give them abs some neighbors! Lol
At least its not raining! RT : Good morning! Mondays.. Smh
So what's the difference between dangerous lightning and normal lightning? The TV weather guy keeps warning me about the dangerous kind.
C'mon Taylor! Make. A. Layup.
"Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another." ~John Dewey... Have fun connecting the dots. ;)
Can't wait for March 23!
I'll beat the pussy up up up lol
Indeed! RT : Measuring a company on money raised is useful. Measuring them on money earned is more so.
kind of wondering we all haven't grown one.
Man that was easier than scoring on the bobcats.
Laid down and decided to listen to Samuel Jackson narrate "Go the fuck to sleep"...... It actually worked. #SleptGood as shit too.
All bst JH FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
RT : Thursday - the next best thing to Friday. Right?
Thank God for another start to a beautiful week, stay FOCUSED and walk towards ya goals!
Daughter has #Packers plates on her car in Nashville. Said a man ran up to her at a stoplight and did the Discount Double Check.
Tell me ya'll have had a day when you're feeling " Burn " by Usher all the way down to your soul. Because that's today.
imagine that! 1975!
Did you tweet delete all day?
“: there's no such thing as a "girl code"” there was, not anymore tho...
And the last pick goes to.... The NC State Wolfpack!
This is how I monitor my drinking ,, measure it !!
You have really great hair.
My Morning Jacket >>>
good how r u :)
Ev & Biz r on, Sherri twittering live. Whoopie asks "what is it?" It's an information network, they say.
Rumors? Well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
I am on the 2nd floor working with Robert York & :)
M ice cream sammiches
that shitty that is going to be my 1st race I go too
And with only a cheap half working bike reflector
Translator had difficulty telling Koji he's been traded to Texas - which may explain why he bought me a cowboy hat and Chuck Norris poster.
Dropped my phone in the toilet
thanks! glad you like it! :)
enjoying my "work" trip in San Diego…staying at a nice hotel, visiting La Jolla tomorrow and behind the scenes at Sea World on Friday. I l…
Can we make sure don't ban banning banners?
Can't find my remote!
From look of crowd, guess MR PHELPS had no prob getting tickets for family and friends!
wonder if this would have happened had the suspension not been overturned
Life's a bitch, and I'm its pimp.
oh yeah agree I don't mind. I'll get where I'm going
short shorts and tshirts.nice day out
that looks amazing!
fazio, don't sue Siri - she's been busy learning Japanese.
It's a pretty amazing and appropriate reward.
RT “We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.”
The body is telling me that I'm toast. Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight and God Bless. <><
You and your awesomeness -- Thank you!
Seriously though guys, marijuana should be legalized. Let the States decide.
#blend12 #DIETribes Fortunately I have a boss who agrees and encourages this.
Thank you for coming! It was so fun. We'll let ya know about the next one. In the meantime, follow #ShowAndMail cc
I WANNA GET TO 370 TWEETS BEFORE BED I JUST HAVE TO!!!
Cheers for everyone that came out to our one and only homecoming in Sligeach Epic great people..
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>good morning ! Hope u have a great day n the baby is healthy!!!
On the road again. Philly, I will see you tomorrow!!
•I’m tired of love; I’m still more tired of rhyme; but money gives me pleasure all the time
Now playing: "Passive" by A Perfect Circle. "Someday, I'll walk away and say..."
I know Dirk has not been dominating but Terry is suppose to be his #2. only time he has been more dumb is when he hit Finley in the balls.
Tell me about it. Think of all the wasted bandwidth and memory for shit like that. Now I want Pizza Shuttle.
Our goal is to match anyones price and provide superior service!!
Been building my website all night.. Off to bed and it's still not up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> #technicallychallenged #mustsleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
starts following me at the exact moment I order 2 copies of "The Whore of Akron" ( needs one too!) Fate?
- Hey, tell me more about your company. I always like to brainstorm with other marketing professionals. heidi BVEN Boutique MKE
im almost leaving lol
Marylin movie night with puppies for prizes
DM me your number :)
Planning to bundle up for some skiing on Lake Monona, to suck up some rays of Sunshine.
Dear #STLCardinals: Feel free to leave Phoenix early. Good God
Im starting over on Monday!!! :-)
like frickin NATO
ate my cookie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Super Bowl Sunday at Sunshine! We are open all day and the game will be on with sound! Fried Chicken and football
Please win this game
Boo-boo bunny is accompaning us for dinner... Not due to boo-boos, but due to friendship and conversation...
Every time I head to Georgetown I get stuck between a parade of trains. Time to catch up on Twitter.
who was laden with wealth, with but the riches of divine grace alone. from the service to St. John on Jan. 27
f-brilliant: Lying on Resumes
CALLING ALL 21 AND OLDER FEMALE FOOTBALL PLAYERS! INBOX ME OR TWEET ME
yes and were all hanging out friday ! kay thanks glad were on the same page ! have a good week b rad !
as long as i can come to the wedding.
Ugh - caught some bad mojo at the casino! Was doing fine - tipping along and then found a damn losing streak!
ill take it
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
Starting #insanity again from the start. Feels like I hadn't even finished it, it was so hard this morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> but I feel so good!
“: Congrats Kenyan on a big win! #ward4supportsward5.” hoping he has a change of heart on fighting crime
Re: #CV Council vote Tue. to dissolve CVRC; wanted to add I am still very committed to redevelopment, just didn't think CVRC was right way.
Great meeting you and spinning with you. Jealous you're already in bed. Last song was at 2:45 ugh haha
come on out sister, we had it cookin like the summer heat, hopefully they let us bring our music again, that is the magic
Fix the stoplight at 42nd and University. I'm tired of no green light in the AM turning south onto 42nd from university.
Devastated 2 read abt Reynolds Spoke w her after my novel was pubbed. It deals w pain care. She was passionate articulate& inspiring
I think the Thunder are good enough to sweep! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
POCKET PAL.
that awkward moment when you're the only person on the planet with a smart phone that's dumb...
Why the hell did jessica simspon name her baby girl a boy name?
recording a new song soon, who wants to hear it?
Plan for tomorrow: -get hair cut -do an enormous amount of laundry -get ready to head out for Branson
I feel ya sista!
Same on this end!!!! Can't wait.
I'm talkin' big boy rides, and big boy ice.. Lemme put this big boy in yo life
so stupid ! I HATE people who just want you to follow them & in the next second the unfollow YOU ?! what the ... ?
Q: What is Active Data? A: Change Sensitive Data. Basically, what #AWWW refers too re. time variant nature of Resources.
This rain is stupid!!!
me too!! i'm applying in philly first!
Lemme know if you wanna try them:)
Happy birthday , even if you may not see this, just remember I love you and I was here even past your last birthday <3
loved the script, can't wait to see it :)
Congrats to for winning the Wells Fargo Player of the Game by selecting Jamaal Franklin!
I love some trivia
TECH: Art. Dir Adam Fitzgerald () gets black paint on his eye. Prd Dir Lori Prince: "Ha! You look like Adam Lambert, but old."
and I just compared notes - 16 medals total for SD brewers. 5 Gold, 3 Silver, and 8 Bronze. More soon!
Happy Mother's Day to moms, stepmoms, bonus moms and all the wonderful caring women in this world who have loved & nurtured anyone!
sadly agree: everyone either stops using drugs -- end demand -- or legalize it. lets all just drink beer, eh?
Apparently the numbers I dreamt and played in the Mega Millions was meant for the daily and lottos at the bar. :-(
...why must we want what we can't have??...so if i work real hard at it will i get it evenually??...
(That would be bad; the APRL needs a librarian.)
Tempted to sing along with Bohemian Rhapsody in the #library. "Nothing really matters to me."
I'm hungry for bdubs. Can't stop thinking about it.
Hey old bud
shoutout to thanks for the Follow!!
Who's excited for the reunion show December 3rd at ??!! We have pre sales now!! Hit us up for one..or more :)
So true! RT : God is not done with me yet.
data entry and wine could spell disaster. oh no! don't worry , , i just started!
Is it counterproductive to drink kombucha and a latte at the same time? Big questions.
ew...tell me people do NOT say that. #LOTR over everything.
... You do remember the Tonight Show debacle right?
the window graphics are great! :) they look so cute! Thanks again for doing those for us!!! Now you have to vote for us!
Dear mr.raulston, tomorrow you shall expect me to be eating food in class. I will not stop cause you tell me. Im a hungry teen. I like food
Con 2L d agua de limón y Eucasol a la mano... I will put up a fight!
EW OMG i just saw a spider on the toilet seat what even i'm never using the bathroom again
wat happened y r u sick
Started the day with an audition and moving on to unrelated but equally exciting prospects. I think I like this week.
haha yes there's gonna be a cool girl house sitting over there you could go hanhout! =Plol but yes for sure after
Please share! Manpower in Richmond is currently hiring for Assembly Technicians (airport area) and CNC Machinists- southside.
indiana eifs contractors, eifs contractors indiana, indianapolis eifs contractors, eifs contractors indianapolis eifs repair indiana
thank you<U+2665>
Set aside some time to digest it. The article is long and wanders around the narrative in places.
Some ugly basketball to start this thing!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies on my timeline, and a special shout-out to my #TwitterlessMom, who taught me to be strong & proud.
go with me , every Tuesday it's two for $25 :)
Don't use etc. in press pitches. It's lazy... If there's more info, share it.
The hottest guys in the world? Well.. Justin Bieber, Pattie's son, Selena's boyfriend, Jeremy's son and Jazzy and Jaxon's older brother.
#5factsaboutmymom 1) Smart 2) gorgeous 3) She can't take a joke 4) i LOVE her amazing cooking 5) best mom ever!!
Really notice a difference when I alternate upper body free weights w/ resistance training a couple times a week.
All eyes on the Windy City this weekend! & face off AND we are hosting the #NATO summit. Everyone stay inside & lock up lol
When NBA players win the championship do they feel ten feet tall?
congrats to our 1st 10 followers for following us. We are giving them each 1 free night @ our Midtown West apt. in the heart of NYC!
adri got lost and mom's mad. Now were all in trouble
always needing a sweater, smh
OMG i have to get it! :)
Pretty! I want to see it in person! HH after finals?
why would they want to be on it. You Lie
In Taylor's songs i always can get some advise.
Her mortgage payment is $100 less than what I paid for rent for a 700 sqft apartment in this city, & that was only my half of the rent.
He'll? Don't know how someone can go to he'll.
Cameras at NBA games are to good igudola for sixers was just digging all in his nose for all to see
Haha. Good one. : The "healthy choices" menu at fast food chains is like snorting cocaine off the inside of a celery stick
my day was pretty great. yours? sauthuf? ;-) LOL
I thought this was the magic! There's more?!
Or how about break-ups...like a band-aid...RIGHT OFF! :-)
The top remashed song on Mashup Is M.I.A. - Paper Plane. What's your favorite song?
thx! She's heading to NYU London in the fall :0)
Don't want the weekend to be over.. There is a busy week in front of me!! I guess that's not a bad thing : )
Some family members will cross u quicker than a mofo on da streets!
Following up with responses on motorcycle photo shoot I looking to do.
Proud of my guys for battling today. Lost a tough one to St Johns by 4. Have got to correct mental mistakes.
Do you have everything hooked up.
King of hearts <3
can u copy the picture or would you like me to send it to you?
nono this was so I could do LESS work not more ;) LOL
RT Being a stay at home mom is hard. Being a working mom is hard. You know what makes it easier? Millions of dollars.
off to work i go.. was going to go to the scooper bowl after work, but its raining so idk
Special thnx to all that came out last nite, , Espn's Barry Melrose,Jeremy Roenick,, ,no ?
Do you consider the building itself to be a part of the museum's collection?
haha that's definitely not a good thing because I kind feel the exact same way about you! Do you still have my number?
Hi Mom! You are now apart of the TWITTERVERSE.
when people get mad at work and tell me that bj's suck, cosco's better like it's suppose to hurt my feelings and make me cry myself to sleep
Wondering about a second masters in user-centered design, to complement an MLIS...a useful combo?
the amount of butter i put on my food usually ranges from Reasonable to Paula Deen
Most Americans don't even know who he is, doubt the robber did either.
No one was even injured. The situation could only have been worsened by additional firearms.
Better hope I don't find you . Cuz if I do , imma punch you in your ugly face .
I always cry. I'll be crying like a maniac at the graduation.
Let's talk about the website you need 312-725-6995 -Andrew
Decide what you want, pick out one goal and go for it. Can't just say "I want a mentor."
Christ Almighty
Worst cities for traffic where I have been: Bangkok, Mumbai, Bangalore, Dhaka. LA not even close.
How much more would it have cost to just get Eminem? Come on
go get me some candy
two buck chuck is my buddy tonight
Favorite Halloween candy - what's yours? I have to say I've got a soft spot for the Reese's. The soft spot being a gut, of course.
I really don't care what my peers have to say about their work experience, it's not going to be on the exam.
thanks for the make-my-day-hashtag #CueFanGirlSqueals I also love the title The Time it Rained in Puerto Rico!
Any time with food=best time of the day
thanks man, it was an awesome surprise!
Change he was in there a year to long
wondering when I drop these KANSAS CITY compilations will I get the same support I give out!!!
I'm good...and you?
Agree. Of course they would also sell some ads around you as they added you to that group....:)
#ICantStandWhen the weirdo treats you like your the weirdo
If you ever decide to come back and take pictures, let us know!
Like this girl posted a picture on facebook of her three positive pregnancy tests.
Putting my phone away to study
A day of silence, meditation and prayer - sending the love and many blessings to all as we head into this holiday weekend!!
Working on some cover letters!
the one by rihanna? Omgeeeee!
one job is enough to turn me into a couch potato every single night!! Us hermits need to unite! :)
Had to reset PRAM to solve a problem on my Macbook. Didn't know that was still a solution! Now I'm straightening a paper clip just in case.
BREAKING: Pete Thamel to investigate the Tupac hologram at Coachella
omigosh, this tweet seriously made my night...and I thought it was just me?
Medicall Massage is offered by some massage therapists. A doctor's order is needed and the massage therapy is often covered by insurance.
1 gimp + 1 preggo = bad lawn care crew. Anybody know a Triangle teen (or other cheap labor) looking to make a few bucks raking leaves etc?
^ Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can...
Words i never thought I'd ever see "Whitehurst leads 7-9 Seahawks to NFC West Title"
See you soon RT : Fog so thick you could cut it making me late for pc at Mt Bonnell. Be there ASAP.
Tomorrow is the day, my LAST day of my undergraduate career. I can walk out knowing I've achieved something so significant, a BSBA degree.
AUCI closed up 22% today, look for a good open tomorrow! With news, I see this trading over $0.01, up from 4x from $0.0022.
BOOKING PORTRAITS! ONLY GOT A FEW SPOTS LEFT THIS WEEK! BOOK YOUR SHOOT TODAY AND RECEIVE 40% OFF PRINTS.
i got a friend out here who just put me on to a bunch of survivalist game too... stalking prey, finding edibles,
I didn't mean to RT that and it won't let me undo it.!! Lol but I'll claim it in Jesus name.!!!!
DHS foster care suit settlement OK'd - Tulsa World
Why can't people be themselves and stop trying to be a wanta be
RT relationships should never rewind ...... so true
no way jose
I have 100 oak trees in my tiny Focus. Amazing how small seedlings are!
I'm with ya! RT : I am out after this year. And I will actively encourage all conservatives to leave the GOP with me.
Always keep moving forward even when you don't want to.
Man, this would've been an awesome game to watch on
What is the record for the most #Christmas dinners / events in one week?
It was a good day
Lyle Wallis says "in order to make a sane systems dynamics model keep your units consistent"
Memorial Day parade goes right past my house - always a treat to see the police, reenactors, and scads of Brownies and Boy Scouts.
Ever fall so hard you wanna cry , yes that just happened to me -___-
Got some crazy shit up my sleeve, its ridiculous
Just familiarize and you will know
So excited for much anticipated Avery news on tonights episode. I love THG, but I miss on 30 Rock!
If she Knew what i knew about Him, she would've stopped talking to him a Long time ago ...
BLT sandwich hold the tomato and lettuce
hey! Hope all is well. Miss u
are u at Towson lax?
thank you *breathes easier*
yes. Im going to go like all your instagram pictures to blow up your notifications(; haha. I'm bored(:
that's what me and boudreaux was talking about.
text me so I can save your number (: 786 366 4000
Can anyone describe our genre?
UHH CHAIN letter's YES or no??
#Omgdoublehkp My friend's name is YURI <3 :D
Eddie Johnson just retired, Portland Timbers announced. There's your reason for picking up another forward today. Best to Eddie!
To be or not to be....that is the question...
Floyd Mayweather & The Money Team will be at Perfections ...
do you wear a brace? That might help.
Pat Noonan is on!! Good for him, I guess?
Today is National Pretzel Day..and if you're obliging, there's only one 'must have' - the Philly Pretzel. Get on a plane & go get it.
Now THOSE I could look at all day long.
That was like a srimmage game for OKC
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>RT : "In order to be walked over, you have to be lying down." somthing I refuse to do. over my dead body
Rex sucks at announcing. I miss Frank.
Love this weather. Cloudy but warm and bright. <3
I'm so pissy right now.
We've got a pair of Kenny Chesney tickets to give away this week - tweet with the hashtag #KennyChesneyinPDX for a chance to win!
#RochMN this hours $1000 challenge match has already been matched! Call 507.286.8742 to make your pledge now!
Almost forgot today was computer christmas at work - Hello new macbook pro + Cinema display. Next up: standing desk.
well feel better as well my darlin!
Look for a special issue of Bus Lines on board buses and in information racks located throughout Milwaukee.
larron king had a bad wreck earlier this week and we woulda missed the prayer service so we brought the prayer service to us.
now im hearing Beat of My Heart<U+2665> <333 :D to the best of my....to the beat of my heart :D ..... <U+266B>
FOLLOW NOW!!
I know! Im always at school & I hate it!
Happy Monday to our MTCP'ers! Who had a school musical last weekend? How did it go?
You don't see too many single person trampolines these days. #80'sexercisegear
Happy Hour with live music from Ruben Garcia and Free Taco Bar Specials this week: $6 Patron, $3 Coronas, $3 Well drinks, and $4 Drafts
Hit the Lights!
EVERYBODY BETTER FOLLOW BACK ON INSTAGRAM! !!
lol amazing is the word lol
Still bad after Cutch's HR? :)
OH : "Can we just get in the van and leave now?" wants to roll! We leave a week from today.
hahahha I don't remember lol
When you point a finger there is three pointing back .
Dude go with your family, and be happy for your mom cause tomorrow is mother's day! Screw this social bullshit!
i was acually in the best mood ever till u started chatting me.
#Imagine Zayn: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin’ good when he made you. :)
Note to self: Stop buying rice milk and chicken stock with too similar packaging.
one week without the internet, i'm so glad it's a long weekend.
that explains more than that novel of a blog post I just read. Gracias.
Is It Weird That Now When I Ask My Dad For Money I Say "Daddy,Can I Have T-Money??" :) I Feel Weird 0.o FML.
RT : Nice (& overdue) to see more women moving into key exec roles. Seems is doing a nice job with Cinnabon. Others?
Just In. NEW Generator/Alternator pigtails, Single High-Temp Spark Plug Wires, 4Speed and 5Speed shifter knobs and a few molding Clips .
Woke up needing Advil, not due to hangover but aching feet
#WhenIWasALittleKid I thought Batman was scary
Everybody thinks they areas special but I have some news for them...I'm way better then they're sorry asses
we had a blow out on our way to NYC. we are thankful for NJ roadside assistance!
I'll be there for the concert tonight
Its to early! But time to rock n' roll :) gotta make them scripts for Vegas next week!
nah they just don't appreciate me lol
Chicken fried
Wow this really is March Madness!!!!!!!!.
mine too. Was just thinking the same thing!
The Cribline is live!
get it
Now Following.:))
#best90scouple Bobby and Whitney
waiting on u to DM me <3
Laying on this damn couch with nothing to do
Dinner & drinks at w. my mama, pre-Chicago!
Is It Wise to Travel Away from Home While Your House is Empty?
lol!!! I shouldn't have been taking that pic while driving, but it was scary looking, had to capture it LOL
I hate typos
Thus concludes all the Faculty Academy presentations! thanks to everyone who participated!
Who else feels like they still haven't caught up on sleep since #C21GC?
R.I.P - Whitney Houston!
Rumor has it #TSC might return with ABC or some other network #FingersCrossed in the meantime can't wait 4 new tv series Beauty & The Beast
#DentalTip: Completely clean teeth. Floss between your teeth at least once a day, after dinner and before bedtime.
Grandmas birthday is this Friday! Hopefully that means I get to see family ??
omg i just read one of camerons tweets and immediately recognized it as what Oogway said to Po in kung fu panda(x omg.
i often wonder which of the lies i believe is most egregious
nobody to talk to yet!!
One panel has been ransomed! Come down to see it!
maybe its more like a preferred taste in artists
i hit you up with an email and on the website. get back to me when you get a chance.
With Phil Anschutz possibly buying Tottenham, will - also in L.A. - take on a GM role (along w/ Grantland responsibilities)?
And that girls are conditioned to be feminine and this may result in their being reluctant to be funny.
Walking by the Game Developers Conference in SF makes me wonder what #PLA12 will be like next wk. My guess? 100% more women.
oh hell yeh. Can u imagine the trouble??!!
In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation cause we're so caught up in playing w/ tech, we forget about what's important - Dean Kamen
#thingsilove driving on the highway at night.
Pinterest is the ultimate exercise staller...
nothing more pathetic than a girl who forgives a guy who cheats on her
“: Dallas! Who's ready for ? Doors open at 11am. Pick up a set times sheet at the table!"
Ecstatic!!! RT Since u spoiled TheOthers- I'm spoiling this season of KeepingUpWTheKardashians...they all die. Happy?!...
The Clubhouse reopens tomorrow at 11am! We're so excited to see our members!
MAYBE I SHOULD, JOHN. MAYBE. I. SHOULD. (No, but for real, I think their kindness would smother me and I'd drown in syrup.)
Loving the new Sections feature in LinkedIn. Just added all my languages w/ it!
Q. What's female Viagra? A. Jewellery
You know the times have changed when an offer for a high-yield savings account is for f-ing 1.00% APY
Might actually get cards out before christmas!
Awww, thank you. I love writing it! Here's an early #ff shout out to get you started on tomorrow.
Make the right decisions.
NO!! That was WAY too weird!!!
if you were there, youd be amazed. Theyre like, the walmart of junk food>.<
tell me more...warm weather, great food, and a place I've never been. Now can I get a reasonable flight/accommodations that...
hey DM me now
*starts counting sheep*
thanks for the follow!
I thought this worked universally — shift+option+hyphen
Not the only one. Penn's branch of has helped West Philly kids succeed on the SATs for years.
fill in blank and RT -- My favorite DPC pairing has been _______
Daly City Auto Repair, Sanford Firestone, Offers Tips on Brake Repair and Maintenance
Fridays class is at 5:30.
You got to see them live?
this cat is not singing "stronger" right now
hi, wanna hang out?
Yo I got you a new swastika flag for V-day hahaha
Have we mentioned lately how much the First Person Plural Reading Series in Harlem hearts ?
hi how are you doing i got to ask are you single
When you feel down and out- it's time to get out!
Treebeard tosses it away! That was big!
I'm sleeping beauty's second cousin... uh oh, I'm feeling sleepy again... z... curse this spell... z
Thanks for the #twitterlove this morning You guys rock!
Porr you :P RT : Hair! Why you look so weirdy today?!?!
thanks for the follow - can't wait to read the book!
Rehearsing for 3 sets on Saturday night.
Playin for Kevin Boyle for another year will do nothing but help him develop even more as a player.
I am swag
we love the new look! Remember everyone accomplishes more together & Keep achieving :)
So if I tweet a reply, only the person to whom I am replying can see it? (also, sweet grammar tango back there, right?)
thanks for following! :) i also sent you a friend request on facebook
RT : It's #WhyILoveMuseums day today - so what are your favourite reasons?
please i have a great idea, but it needs RTing!
Congrats man made of stardust
Good for you! I've never known someone who actually owns one of those things. Post pictures!
u know be nice lol if oden striped off suit into uniform and came back and kills pacers for blazers win?
the stuff people say
Thank you
Of Freeman's last 27 hits, 13 have been for extra bases.
Excited about the idea innovation. If you're part of check out our Jerusalem Jewish Cabaret and vote for us!
Unite #Spurs fans! Battling the Pacers tonight at 7:30.
Looking more like the KC Wizards currently. Finding a way to implode.
. I've not yet been able to get vim registers, os x and tmux to play nice. I have enough shortcuts to get around it though.
Losing my license is the fucking worst.
The word we're looking for is "ouch."
Spring Break!
Twitfam, if I started a tumblr consisting of hot girls wearing funny bike helmets, do you think that would blow up?
After a long day I like to kick back with my headphones on and drift away in rhymes
Going back outside
thank you so much!!! You really think so?
I had the Q speech memorized for a long time. Was (aptly) on the Q train when I got to "Who shall blame him"…
What an impressive entertaining fight. On both ends. Great fight.
Join PJ the DJ tonight at Jays Sports Bar at The Iceoplex in Southpointe. Karaoke and your requests 9-1. $2.50 Corona
off to #sanfrancisco in 10 hours. NIGHT! :)
Focus on end user tasks in rda training -- good tip from Glenn Patton.
Anyone see the comparison with mcelroys arm and tiger playin on a busted up leg? Hm :-)
IT'S EASY
Virgil just tweeted you Shieki baby. Says that you were never a Million $ Champion, like he was.
Consider registering for a charity fitness event (e.g. a walk that benefits a specific disease). This will help motivate your workout!
Ok so finally home...missin my other half..anyway...........sweet dreams ((muah))
Avoided the sweep, I'll take it. No more Cards until July.
haha well there are just some things that you can't control, and that's one of them
Carmello Anthony sues ex bus Mgr saying he stole over 2 million from him, I thought you were against snitches Mello!!
Fruits & veggies = awesome health/nutritional benefits & should form basis of ur diet. Great farmers markets in Austin - get it fresh!
sorry I'm not all on ur cock anymore! Lol
so pretty!!
RT Lady Gi now following also!
You're the best, Amanda! We're definite super fans of yours!
Aww I just love how apologizes to he's fans<3 that's why I love him(:
#10thingsaboutmyself I'm very very gullible
It's just what I heard, just what I heard.
i just wish i felt better
come to visit us!
Of course! Do you have a facebook? We will send some support over there as well!
omg like thats perfect!!! Support people!!! :)
When it's storming an raining and u have nothin 2 do! Just pull out ur play station and play Rock Band 2 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE>
"Language is the dress of thought; every time you talk your mind is on parade." -- Dr Samuel Johnson
#VivaLasNASCAR To meet DW and stream the race to my EVO 4g while sitting in the stands. Old school fan and new school tech.
Ah #gmail. How I depend on you & miss you when you're down. It does help to know I'm not alone and that you are not my only option. Yet.
if u see mt buddy Skip tonight, have him give u my number and email. He will be there tonight
Tgugh loss to Baylor, but now it`s time to show some huevos in the NCAAs.
At least the cubs won :)
U ALREADY KNOW FAM!! Thanks 4 the support! :-)
#nce11 ravitch: closing schools does nothing to address needs of students
I love Björk so much, have since I was a kid, and the Biophila app is fabulous, and, and...I wish I liked the music in it just a touch more.
it really doese
Cheap and easy - reminds Mommies of their youth. ;)
More painting today, and a singer songwriter showcase tonight!
and the same to you guys!
A good publicist...is strategic in her or his approach when working with media.
Hey lil brother! miss u!
So very sweet! / “: Beautifully written, Professor. Years later, I'm still grateful to have you teaching me."
#FF hey thanks you for the mention and for add me on your page
Enjoying a 2008 Ghost Pines Cabernet Sauvignon, very nice for only $14
Happy Friday y'all ....Muah!!!
Survived, with a terrible aftertaste. And to be accurate, I just chewed it up instead of consuming it, a great decision.
davey jones died :[
Thanks too :)
Thank you #facebook for changing the way we can add tabs to our fan pages.
yotes = some of the top young talent in the league, how else could they make playoffs 2 yrs in a row with no-names?
Cyber Monday! Have you been wrapping up your Holiday shopping? Don't forget to stop by one of our stores for some stocking stuffers!
sleeping bags on the family room floor. Fantastic Mr. Fox. and my 3 beautiful babies.
I'm calling a double upset Coto and T.Bradley are gonna both win bye split decision watch!
Ack! My laptop's screen is coming off! To the genius bar asap! (;<U+FFE3>O<U+FFE3>)
Freezing my booty off, but am committed to looking the part for /National Library Week READ poster photo shoot today!
My little brother gets what he wants by screaming at the top of his lungs -___-
I think I'm going to have to hop on the New Jersey #Devils bandwagon the rest of the #NHL playoffs. Would like to see Marty win one more.
I hate when people complain to my mother about me...
And that's it for office hours for AY 2011-2012. Things are winding down.
You lost credibility on that one when you say she's from your home state.
pushing in corners again. Not good
They are each a different theoretical discussion. In some ways, it doesn't matter which is at the beginning and which at end
don't hate. It's twitter. Don't judge my creativeness :)
I feel yah bad Miami drivers
Likewise, gorgeous! See you this weekend :D
Hey buddy congrats on the f&w nod. Been a long time. Hope you are well
With the changed iPad policy at Yankee Stadium, does anyone know if they also lifted the ban on kindles? Planning ahead for tomorrow.
I'm you're boy dummy
Brewing some beer!
Best of luck today Let's finish what we started. All the way to LA!
Wow. Weird, weird dreams. Told a childhood crush I crushed on him, stole cookies from a woman who lived in a train car (it had wooden slats)
Great passing on that goal. Also I see NYC apparently can't support two pro teams at once, since no one is at the Yankees/O's game.
Breaking... to run for #GWU U-at-Large Senate seat. Stay tuned for more updates.
Jealous? I didn't even have to make up my own place to get a mayorship.
Pittsburgh Power? #cmonman. Go hear the symphony instead.
Such a love/hate relt with Lifetime.
that worked :) thanks!
Thanks darling! Hope you get your LFDY fix soon. Miss you guys too.
uuuggghh hate being sick! and tomorrow is friday!
i might be quoted in the Chicago Tribune soon. if i am, would you mind picking me up a copy/
Food for thought: Bacon is delicious
I have a major crush on Rihanna. Thanks to the English =)
Must be diarrhea. (Sometimes it's better not to ask.)
what contest are u in? Tweet the link to me
Huzzah! RT : Reading up on my pal, 's, game reviews in the Red Eye. Swift and to the point. Full of hutzvah.
RT: on CUNY TV African American Legends April 7 at 6pm with Dr. Roscoe C. Brown
Happy Birthday Liz!!! enjoy your special day! :D
2-0 yesterday, more games today!
AND the same issue of features a charming photo of our own John McGivern on page 62.
ya but a little dab will do ya ( or me, at least). I like the liquid form 4 this. Even so, only @ nite. Stares turn into dreams.
Had cocktails and wine w/ the surprise of awesome appetizers. Thanks You rock!
thank you Alex....but I coulda used the pants Dammit. Haha
for sure!! (: just text me and let me know when girly. We should all go to din din, park, or w/e. lol
silly bananas!
Just found out we're getting ! Excited to be able to measure VOC on our site :)
I want ihop right now....So hungry nomnomnom
If I had anywhere to go, I'd be about ready to pack up and leave. On second thought, maybe I'll have a sandwich. Guess I'm just hungry.
I want to go to the show.
Half day + rogers = success
80 percent of the houses sold in Pike Township are under $150,000. 20 percent are above $150,000.
Break a leg! Looking forward to reading about it!
Check out www.achealthcare.org, a great resource for info. about health care services in Alameda County!
eww.. Hoarders. these people are disgusting
comebacks are a bitch in the golf game
Have any questions about #Schoology? I'd be happy to help.
I'm excited for ABDC tonight<3
#unorginaltweet "Four for you Glen Coco, you go Glen Coco!"
Apple TV...why did I wait? Makes the Netflix/Pandora/Vimeo/YouTube interface on our old Blue Ray feel downright primitive.
"The FBI can look into people's computers, why can't you?" -- customer, talking to the help desk
This world is going to a shithole quick...and we are all to blame. God have mercy on us for completely losing the point of this existence.
My dad was a quote guy. My favorite one from him "you can't soar like an eagle if you hang out with turkeys"
One week til #TurkeyDay! RT if you love #Thanksgiving!
yea bout that....
>30 yrs old digital immigrants vs. <30 yrs old are digital natives
oh no
Aw thanks. I made #3 I think? Lol but still thank you ;)
No problem!
physical location, using Harvard's distant off site storage and sever farm as an example. Possibly as a rhetorical device, but.
Oh damn! :-) RT : Tonight I'm Gonna Put My Body On Your Body!
Thanks holmes.
Callback. The one I had a good feeling about. Keep them fingers firmly crossed for a bit, please?
I'd love to see an example of that. Could be a useful model.
yes for sure
Did you know The Iron Horse Hotel now offers free weekday valet parking for lunch? Hmm ... will it be the DLT or the BLT today? YUM!!!
Who's watching #Wrestlemania?
Yo, can you get to a mic right now?
worst pickup line ever. ;-). Btw, what would a Boycrazy ringtone be?
My eyes hurt..
New track "Jack-O-Lanterns" is up on Reverb Nation and Facebook
nah jus cuz you love us
What do you think is the WORST venue in Brooklyn, and why?
I'm listening to Never Say Never xD
not crazy you just don't love your dog as much as I love my cat and if you knew hope rose you would be obsessed too
Shhh! Be quiet! Do you hear that...? That faint sound...off in the distance...it's getting closer each minute...Isn't SAXAppeal on tonight?
lol why u mad now ? i just got done eating my chinese platter im bout to call u ... lol
Really? That's awesome! Is it exactly what you expected, or no?
That was a great workout last night!
yep, I am in Jacksonville, did you leave Alaska or are you visiting Florida?
Do we need to register?
Omg i just caught myself watching #americanidol...need to get out of the house
When Hawaii Said No to Football: A Fan’s Look Back
Got gassed twice. Still standin. Bring it cops.
Just a few final touches, and we'll see you this weekend at Our House by Theresa Rebeck!
Enjoyed the open house at #Exacq tonight. Nice to see such growth for this #Fishers business.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! FOLLOW EACH OTHER TO GAIN
Quote of the day from : "it's always colder somewhere else."
Lovatics and #BritneyArmy let's trend this: Stop saying bad things about Demi and Britney! Let's do this, and show de power that both have!
Wishing I had more time to practice (music, that is).
#YouWasSexyUntil i met ur mom and seen what ud look like old...
But thank you for trying. :)
WOW.... :D Awe, thanks for the compliment & showing love. Appreciate it.
Looking for a list of favorite websites k-12 that you teachers enjoy using with your students.
Please bring Austin to Washington DC! Theres lots of things to see around here! Like the White House! ;) (c)
good advice, frequently ignored, to the peril of the tongue- wielder ;-}}
UGH I HATE BEING SICK
We had such a good time last night!! Thanks!! #FF !!!!
JB imitating Adam Lambert's album cover and channeling JT on his new video... Is he going through Identity crisis? He's at the age.
Final minutes! I got a good fealing about next year:)
Unlike the #TeaParty, #occupywallstreet is NOT funded by billionaires. This is what a real grassroots movement looks like
Dig into a skirt steak wrap at the Springs Cafe today, stuffed with spring mix and avocado.
you okay babes:)x
Twitter jail? How'd end up there?
to the right people, yes - wonder if you could screen for mechanical empathy? :)
you're FAKE
Lol RT : #ThatMomentWhen I know it's definitely not my ringtone, but I'm going to check my phone anyway.
Just watched gobble a muffin in .3 seconds.
I Wanted to try stand up but i am more of a sketch comedy person
How I Met Your Mother marathon with my son all weekend. Catching up. Ba dud daa duh baa dah da dah.
Hm... Interesting turn in events. Hidden motives? Let's find out.
Hi Courtney! You might remember me from the RMF conference (I'm Danielle's friend). Finally got on this Twitter thing:)
Brother she's all country ;)
“: #AMEN RT i just reallllyyy hope my boys do some work this year. f'ckn romo man. lol” thata girl
hey there. How ya been. What's been going on. Haven't talked in a while :)
#truth ": Amongst all the other Zodiac signs, #Pisces is the most giving and self-sacrificing."
what's up vince...I am still in ATL. Let's do work
PBR chilling in Soho!
OMG- Mike Tyson is 66% Ghost Dog!
u crazy, Smoked!!
The Dorito Taco Bell taco comes out today. We have band practice.
Hi Amy! You must be the twitter "face" of snagajob. So great to connect. How are you liking your new job?
Today is #MiracleTreatDay at local participating Dairy Queens. Make sure to grab a Blizzard to support local kids!
let's have a go at draw something -AyHallebo- <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A8>
My favorite orthodontist was in one.
"The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income #tax."-Albert #Einstein..that's why you need The Jordy Group to file your taxes!
There's a reason your only aloud to say so much on twitter. Because its not Facebook and we don't wanna see your life long story.
They know how to spin a good boner metaphor north of the wall, I tell you what.
I know right Im drinking on it right now!!
peaches, halved and rubbed with palm sugar and sea salt. A star anise placed in each half and then roasted till caramelized.
At the doctor with the little one. I pray these treatments help him.
Snaps and hissed have replaced the vocals here at u south
happy PI day! Also, pie day, but we replaced ours with doughnuts from the Bowery Day.
sending off a surprise package today for <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Jon Gruden called Aaron Rodgers A-Rod.
I gotta pink range, and I drive fast in the slow lane.... Awkkkk.
it's pretty obvious we need to get together for a drink again soon.
se habla engles? I said your bitch made and I should block you from this shit
mhm, oreos and milk
Yep, easy-peasy. Now MLB has to do damage control with the testing program and the players. What player would trust it after this?
how do I get on a list for ditch Friday/wet republic?! :)
Have you gone to the show in the article at the Grohmann? I hadn't even heard of it until now. Want to check it out?
putting low cost marketing solutions together for startups and small businesses
RT : I find the term "twittaration" adorable ;how bout we notify Oxford to add it in thesaurus?
why do you have to get 3k specifically?
Happy Valentines Day! Make sure to tell your loved ones how awesome they are today! :)
So Incredibly pumped to see Monta Ellis and the #Bucks tonight. Bucks have lost last 5 at the Rose Garden.
I cant wait to be a Bridesmaid for my Biffs wedding!!!!! Yayyyyy!!!!!!
UPDATE! Event activites Sat 9-26 in the Town Ctr Park begin at 11 am. Auction begins at 1 PM. Please come downtown & help!
I need some ideas for the "SECRET INGREDIENT" during the Cooking with Friends: IRON CHEF class on Saturday Night! Ready go....
If you drive a 3-wheeled motorcycle, allow me to offer you these alternatives: 1. Get a real motorcycle. 2. Stick to cars. 3. Kill yourself.
my deepest condolences to you and your family on the loss of your grandmother.
Happy Friday all! Have a great weekend
cOMPLETELY Free in mind & heart..nothing else matters.
Lol. I think I'm going to. If you're not on by the time I get back, Goodnight & Sleep well, love! x
pretty common troubleshooting strategy
Hey Zack I was glad to follow you!
Merry christmas everyone!
Stay focused on your dreams, keep ur intentions from the heart, persist, keep details 2 urself till the magic unfolds. Always b #grateful :)
Yay! We love RT : Excellent customer service Downtown Miami.
Got some needles in my face yesterday
Its hotter then hell here in indiana! Sumofa bitch!
Got for all star M.V.P!!
In line for the fright dome...
Hello. Please email your resume to or call me at 305.528.2131. Have a good weekend.
We r never more like Jesus than when we r serving others.
#Sanonofre update on the tube wear with #NCTimes Paul Sisson and activist #ACEHoffman now
good afternoon on this beautiful day! how's everyone doing?
Jimmy HAM “: Suggestions? RT Jimmy Graham needs a good nickname”
Your own interactive mobile marketing campaign for only... 12cents an hour!!!!
Not even, just an understated "Clippings, circa 1920s-1940s"
The ones who supposed to be your niggaz really don't give a fuck about you.
but I'm sure will be nice and deliver cupcakes to us all
can't wait
Hoping my daughter's Mother's gift is "Mint condition" I took her last year, hope she returns the favor!
Good Morning hope that ur bac to 100% looking 4ward to seeing that sparkle in ur smile in HD! pleased to tweet you!
Working hard to completely ignore the January Jones placenta eating story. Not listening to a word, la lalalalalalala
Exactly. Plus, emerging Big Data mining tools mean that not even industry knows how all this mobile data will be used.
So pumped for #cravelaunch at dish it up in ballard! Yay for female biz owners!
There can b a million others but when u love one, that's all u c...
I'm in my new home - Honolulu!
When do we meet? RT We should start a Siri-loving, tea-drinking club! :)
I know so much, that I know I don't know anything at all...
“La parole est d'argent, mais le silence est d'or.” - Talk is silver, silence is golden.
why yes, yes it is tash.
www.facebook.com/zakdowntown LIKE. IT!
that is really, really cool.
RT : boy when they say international, they aren't kidding. it looks like the UN in this class!!
Hopefully wasn't as bad @ video game baseball as he was @ real baseball. Atleast your neck couldn't get sore staring @ the TV..
Dreadful things have always made millionaires don't you think?
A few big, timely threes from Wichita State have them looking good down the stretch.
Rumor is that the #Packers might trade for Colt McCoy from the #Browns. Like the idea - I think Colt would be a solid backup.
Hi Diana how are you? hope excellent, you can be an excellent person to evaluate something that i am doing....
thanks man! How are you?
i work back at torrid, but its temporary until my girl gets back from having her baby. i got like 2 more months at Torrid lol
?: Who played #bass on 'Inflated Tear'-Roland Kirk,'Main Ingredient'-Shirley Horn, 'Donny Hathaway', 'Captain Buckles'-David Fathead Newman?
At the Corporate Engagement seminar for High Level Meeting on Youth!
Version 3.1 is now available. Http://www.pikachoose.com/demo
Find something to do until the drive in*
fyi that's my next purchase...
Come visit us in booth S11927!
Activate beast mode in t-minus 24 hours.
Yes. Because as you know, the 15 year old me was prone to hitting people with her car before she learned how to drive.
Are you Master of your Domain?
In the 90s, Xscape debuted BET w/no backing track! Tiny BEAT-BOXED, as Kandi, the Twins, plus 1 sang En Vogue's "Hold On"
Jason Santos making fried chicken tacos with Hank Morse on the culinary stage at #BGTravel show
I am standing in the tower of the panopticon. Can you see me?
What's the good of creating IP if you can't afford to protect it. #LPO provides cost-effective vehicle for IP protection.
i just read that tweet ha i got yo name right
don't talk bout LaLa big head sis
Early bird catches the worm. Up and at em!!
Homework. Play practice. then Work. Another funfilled day
Cause people always give me a reason to be.
Commercial audition today!
Has #Meditation effected your physical #health, or impacted your life in a concrete way?
Ayers: Tension btwn digital and scholarship: speed vs fixity and deliberation
there you go again.....trying to make me have an episode!!
on what thing?
good enough reason - where had you moved to?
come inside with me;)
#GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austin's abs(;
K just inbox me ya mailing addy again.
AH YEAAHHHH SENIORS 2011! HOMECOMING GAME TONITE! WHOOHOO! still pumped from the pep rally, so excited for tonight im in such a good mood
Waiting for perry! Going to party hardy tonight:))) katy perry concert is going to b better than waking up in vegas;)
#fenwaypark will be conducting complimentary tours all day from 9am-7pm to celebrate its 100 year anniversary!
Txtin my bf! He is well......awesome!(:
hoping I can interview you before you bLoW up! LOL ....and After you bLoW up
Lol I'm so bitchy when I'm tired. I'm really not that mad, guys. I think it's nap time until brings me food home for lunch.
Listen live to as struggles to find something to talk about. This week is gonna be nuts.
Your teeth are too pretty to be a resident there. Even for a year.
Johnny's afraid of strong ass smart mouth women! He's afraid of Katie Doyle, afraid of Cara Zavaleta, now u Rachel Robinson
i feel bad for all the people who just listen to mainstream music
But had a GREAT day , & Naomie was stupid smacked !
#fridayreads MORVERN CALLAR, THE DEAD DO NOT IMPROVE, HOW TO BE BLACK
9 years=zero snakes :) you'll both love it here!!
Some days I feel like EVERYONE hates me -_- Not a text on my phone in the past 2 hours:(
Haha solid way of putting it. Certainly, Kobe can do no wrong there.
when will my chin heal?
no! It's not on private! I think you just have problems!
you and John should receive the nobel peace prize
maybe NFL believes those NFL players' reps deserved to be stained, but cldnt be proved to be suspension-worthy...
A migraine right after you got home? That stinks! Glad it's feeling better!
Josh Dupont & Francie at 8pm, no cover. $5 Cosmos, $5 champagne cocktails, $5 X-Rated Martini. Also serving desserts!
A body/bodies were found 2 doors down from my son's house, cant find it on the news...wondering what happened?
DRAKE TICKETS FROM NOW UNTIL THE SHOW SUNDAY NIGHT ON KS1075! :) Listen to win em! See you there!
Wait, Manny Para? Roenicke is using MANNY PARRA in a 1 run game? Why does he hate us?
Stay in #hostels and ask the front desk staff about free and cheap things to do! They will usually know!
"longing" is like an emotional roller coaster!! I don't know what to think or expect anymore,to hope or not to hope for them
Slow day today! What's going on in your world? Anything exciting we should know about?
- Yes, it was great bumping into you! Hope you enjoyed the rest of your trip home in Wisconsin. :)
Sadly, no. I wanted to, but I was passing by it on a bus. It looked huge, though!
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
most definitely
we have not received an email, please send us one at . We apologize, we haven't been using Twitter lately
Love your new nickname. RT : Didn't think it was possible but using my new Dyson ball vacuum brings even more joy to cleaning.
Been good! :-) When's your next LA show?“: Thanks! It's definitely an adventurous project! Lol =P How have u been?"
How Was Your Easter Girl? :)
Goodnight everyone sweet dreams p.s today was the best birthday ever!:)
if u dont save me some
No good single malt scotch but video games and comfy chairs.
This rainy, cold weather makes me just want to stay in bed!
Sitting on the speaker waitin for Cold Cave. My ass is pumpin.
Its Jake from State Farm.
it was my pleasure....
Very nice to catch up with
When was the first known -Reparations Case-?
Why is a school zone 20mph? That seems like the optimal cruising speed for pedophiles...
I went to sleep at like 2.
The thing w/ Lincoln is he's having success because he's going w/ just 2 pitches (his best 2). Can't do that as a starter.
“: Haters hating on #Aquarius because they are the most original.”
4 more followers please
RT : If you could only follow 5 people on , who would they be? #top5tweeps (via )
haha I remember watching u run 400 at centennial invite looking back at everyone in the race!
ha tell me
I remember I used to get like that lol RT“: My phone keeps being slower and slower... I'm about to launch this shit”
Book trailer is finished...really pleased with the little musical theme. Giving some trusted eyes a look for crit, then it will be posted!
“ I would rather have a career I LOVE than a job which pays well but makes me sick......#IJS”
Excited to start my New Orleans week by seeing at tonight... Next week, NOLA w/ !!
- thanks for the Mention!
Have you purchased your 61st Annual Man & Woman of the Year tickets? valleyleadership.org #phx,
Yay! 30 Rock was renewed for it's 7th season! Sad that it's its last season though :(
Why are we watching trailers?
Thank YOU, for rocking my mind at Brick City Sound Riot!
OH: at the ballpark. "later on she's gonna be wearing nothing but that giant foam finger. "
:'( not only is hurt but i got tickets for warped tour just 2c bvb on july7 & ive ben lookin 4ward to this for so long
You need it. The relaxation will feel so much better afterward. I promise.
Thanks for the shout out! I had a great fun during your demo and look forward to seeing you again soon.
Two shows tomorrow in boston. Come. 1st at Mcgann's for a day show, then Allston for a basement show. get in contact for details
Of course, the biggest challenge to mobile location is battery life.
Is there a video of yesterday's conference?
I'm listening "Sssnakepit" by
good night!!!
. It should also lead you back to your car and have the after-hours emergency phone numbers for all the garages.
So, what do you think of our new website?
See ya later vermont.
#xen #xenserver been playing around with this tell me why am I buying vmware again?
What a cryptic Christmas message!
Excited about today's event about to kick off!
Wow!!!! 2 quick goals the and now they are up 2-1 in the 3rd! They are like sharks, they attack when they smell blood!
Well if you can't DM me you can't spam me then right.
Gunna take a shower and get ready :-)
Spent all day recovering on sunday and today is going to be great
He was leaning that way. His recruitment is far from over. Bielema ended up with guys like Gordon (Iowa) & Zagzebski (Minny).
YES and YES gorgeous all around! :)
Remember we can't have matter without energy. So what you think matters! -Heavon
yes he did!
Why don't you just tag me in it next time.
for the past week i've had one of your songs stuck in my head at night....
Ur tweets look interesting, but i dont want to follow b/c something abt ur pic bothers me.
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations will begin shortly.
Today is so screwy for me! Lol idk what is going on?!
We are open from 10:00a-5:30p today. Come and visit us for a drop in. Regular scheduled classes for Monday will be held. Happy MLK day!
With the volume turned high.
Understanding is a two-way street. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
chicago does have the best pizza! having fun yet?
When you want to hear "Oh Sheila" by Ready For The World, really only "Oh Sheila" will do.
6969696969- your so adorable :) and I love talking to u when u actually talk . Please come back into my life idk what I would do without u
go Cathy! Are you training for a race?
DJ's All DJ's if u spin in any Strip Club IDC where it is I need your email's Get at me ASAP!!!
All weather is joy division weather
RT : If I didn't have anything to complain about I wouldn't have anything to tweet about
follow me please!
Nürburgring. That is all.
By taking on the role of a historical person, does the Twitter-er always act in bad faith?
pretty darn good lol. How bout you?
Had a great bday today I love my friends. School was pretty good I can't complain
The Gallery is open from 12-6p; Creative Writing Night Workshops begin at 4:30p. See you soon!
First day of Spring Break! Come to the FFL today at 2PM to see Alvin & the Chipmunks: CHIPWRECKED!
thanks for the retweet!
hunting coyotes this morning. They will not stay away:(
So exhausted from practice :P
I think their should be a show about digital file #hoarders. If there was I'd be the star. Do I really need ad proofs from 2 jobs ago?
My kingdom for Vesuvios!
very cool! Love the inclusion of Hilton history to the project.
are you going to be in LA in early August? :)
Because He lives,I can face tomorrow!
...did he just say "libary"?
I was much happier years ago, before I discovered "Geoff" is pronounced "Jeff." I long for that sunny, innocent world of Gee-oafs.
Neighbors above me are playing Pink Floyd on the patio. Thunder is literally rattling the windows in my place.
racing for shotgun isn't childish, we still play shotgun everytime we get in the car haha
cool. Same here
Alright Boomeraholics, I want to mention you tonight at 6:45. Drop your name here and I'll try and work your in. Go for it!!! ~boomer
Mikey Novak of Brookfield East, Jake Giffhorn of Catholic Memorial and Deonta Williams of Milw. South playing well for Wizards.
quiet down back there! I' ve taken enough guff from you for one day!
Future trend: We are moving toward having more data than storage space. Might already be there.
Thanks you for following us!
Can someone buy me an otter? They are so cute!!
you should check us out! Huge fan of
haha THAT is what I was channeling :) it's actually a Shakespeare quote, go figure...
Bane, Comeback Kid, and Give Up The Ghost ready to accompany me to the gym
just got to MARTA station myself...
Anyone in #Seattle news media know what the picket line at a Westlake construction site is all about? Signs read "Meter."
Are you admittedly #decorating-challenged? Make sure to get your sense of style communicated before you get your custom-design solutions.
RT : Very cool RT : The oldest #smcsea attendee ever (96) Bill Sellers (teaches Social Media to retirement community)...
Love you man! Bad game. We need to change it. 4 in a row... We must win on Wed. Let's go wolves fan
We just hrvsted a bunch from r garden! RT : Kale arm the body against the depleting effects of stress! Whoo Hoo for Kale!!
You are a big boy. You can tell me your other issues one day over a beer.
they are sure having fun though I'm pretty sure the one at the top is Minnie
I've been waiting my whole life for right now, so why not live it up?<U+2764>
Get tips for Easter decorating, recipes and more at the #HolidayHQ Twitter party tonite at 8PM EST.
They said Gangsta Rap n Heavy Metal music causes Violence. If thatz the case, what was Charles Manson listening to? Elvis
wow, it's crowded here today with a lot of familiar faces and some new ones too! I guess people are getting down to business post #sxsw!
it sucks
Only the best restaurant ever! ;)
Thanks for the RT, !
When My neighbor sees me practicing shoulder stands in my backyard...
keep beard and stay away from impact. But golf (on a public course) is a nice game.
Dude i'm so sorry about all that shit. This is the first time that I've had wifi all tour.
i see this, & also know my cousin wants 2 send her kid 2 best schl possible. her main focus. how 2 address?
Yes, yes, yes, ! Hey, that rhymes. I'm a poet and didn't know it...haha
Down goes duke!!!
Xrays on the foot tomorrow. PLEASE DONT BE BROKEN. i will kill someone if it is. </3
never ever, not ever, AT ALL!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
spread the word for my Passions by K accessories! We have great styles and variety! Thank you!! We need more followers!
Mike West "Horses can be hot"
Just thought some other BHs might enjoy them like I did.
Pops tripn man..he want me to ask fa my bike back..u know I wouldnt even trip *Red from #Friday voice ...Ctfu
oh I deff will!!!!
A: "Of course we can have that. To identify and resolve a conflict is not so easy, but it doesn't take that much time."
can i send u a hot track please
Happy St Patrick's Day everyone! Take a Min and dance today to celebrate!
OMG. It was my favorite movie when I was ~11 or so.
RT : Do i miss you? Everyday.
-___- Damn you!
Sometimes listening to what isn't said is more revealing than what people actually say...
yes just let me get the rope so i can kidnap you guys
:) all of them
Woo hoo! Unexpected book sale drops from the sky. I like those kind!
SamanthaG132 no problem!:)
We're rocking out at the UVA chapel! Come on down for some live tunage!
We had more parental involvement than past years.
Kevin Durant Finds His Groove, Has Oklahoma City Thunder One Game from a Sweep: A Fan’s Take
If Meghan had told Don to play "Taxman" off 'Revolver' instead of "Tomorrow Never Knows", he'd be, "F-ck yeah! The #Beatles!"
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
You'll have to follow to see the #RaptureTeboNow comments.
GROWN and SEXY! 90's Throwback Music @ Rocca Bar Oct 14th. Hosted by and 'PEACE of MIND' Fri..GoDJKemo mixxing'
I felt it this time!
Mackbook Pro has arrived, loading with programs now. Our post production capabilities just doubled.
Its Take Your Dog To Work Day!!!
At the olive garden big line waiting flash my card get a table in 5 mins lol
A big #FF to my tweeter friends - am traveling in Europe and will be back next week
thanks bitches
prelim #adjunct data crunching: 15% unionized. AFT most common, but only represents 1%.
Please say happy bitrthdaycto me on your austream ! I will cry if you do ! Tears of joy <333
Hi Nathaniel, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
I think this is mostly a Twitter thing and that the other candidates have already overplayed it.
the #IB program is wack, 3 out of 15 exams complete. done #math for life
I am now heading out to my late lunch
I could tell a thousand people how I feel about you, not one person would understand..</3 #needs.someone.to.talk.to#
Hello! :) How r ya my friend???
Thank you to all our veterans and their families!
hey folks whats going on in this twitter world?
diet pepsi is real gross.
Blake griffin is hustling hard tonight. Playoff push
so nice of u to say! I remember speaking to ur class with hundreds of days still #SB46 and now only 7!
what the hell is a ginger? Lol?
Hey Baltimore, 1994 called. Stop doing the wave.
When you want something you can't have
Awesome! Get it girl!
it's hilarious! I love it!
are you on Facebook?
I hate when people say "over exaggerate". Getting that way with the new "re-watched" craze as well. Near that your/you're level
Arizona Integrative Wellness Coalition to be better mainstream
I do believe there is 281.. ha!(:
nah I didnt.. I see how it is tho.. Niggas
Quick bike ride before rehearsal this eve = bliss. Love this weather :)
Watching a french zombie movie, pretty good stuff so far.
Everyone blames the weatherman.
I met the most amazing man today; he lives in the mirror. WHATS UP
Well that wasn't the intended effect...dammit.
Today is a day for remembering and honoring.
Tonight's dinner special is Grilled Chicken Fettuccini; cream sauce of mushrooms, tomatoes and fresh spinach. 10.00
unfortunately...he did lol
You the female version of Chris bosh hoe.
Dear , why can't I 'retweet' photos from my feed to my followers feeds?
Little Monsters, let's trend
3 New Time-Saving Technologies
image in from katie
think about Ohio and triple that.
Leaving an hour late...today was so crazy productive I didn't want it to end! (I do, actually, have a life outside work, I swear!)
Love it!
He will be higher than a kite, and won't even realize he is in Baltimore. Of course he'll play it.
" #ThingsIDislike Liars and Cheaters! Stupid people! People that mess with those who are in a relationship cause they can't get their own!”
Hey baby, you're stealing my heart.
im the one that asked the question. they said it would be cool (;
Howard why didn't you just take your private jet?
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen.. when u think u lost ur cell phone lol..
done and done
man its looking like i'll be between chicago boston and new york, what about you? you feeling anything for that hitz joint?
Yes! Yes! Yes! / is the BEST. Everyone that works there is SO great. <3
Just got 2 new juicy suits!! Yay! So excited
Time to save some lives today at the Blood Drive! Check the new songs!
stop being mean!!!!
"Deadpool needs Wings..." that and a better origin film.
Daily GTKY question: What is your favorite 70’s song?
I love #TeamFollowBack!
This Friday 4/29, come to the OTR Recreation Center for Final Friday OTR SKATING PARTY 8-11 PM! Proceeds go to OTR Rec Center! 1712 Race St
check out for support building/repairing your shelter or dogpark
I must get to barnes and noble!
No offense, but I need intellectual stimulation and I feel stupider for just having net you
": Congrats going to the Vikings!!!". Congrats go vikings go irish
nah I think he's done with that, if anything come chill at hami :-' lol
ahahaha, taste testers!
To his credit, Beatmaster V did get a lot better between the S/T Body Count album and "Born Dead."
damaged my samsung cell, trying out he htc hero. So far so good! After watching their recent press conference I'm interested in the mini!
Good morning my tweeties how is everyone today I'm back and feeling good. New goal 10000 followers follow me i follow back
"I want you to know that I am ready to go heartbeat, my heartbeat. I want you to know whenever you are around I can't speak. I can't speak."
My one chance to meet and my parents won't take me :/
Darn, I get there at 5 pm tomorrow. You'll be killer!
Needs To Go Back On World Tour ASAP !
I'm not sure I know what you mean by that.
Maybe. At any rate, I'll try to better explain what I want in the feature request.
just downloaded your cd...wow!!! definitely no Candy Dulfer and tenor too...wow again!!!
Tired. Missed dinner. But at least the game is on and I have wine.
I wonder what kind of excitement my commute holds for me this AM???
so what if biden said "smartass" he's keeping it real and "real" people can't handle it. Whatever!
16th Annual Purple Foot Festival at set for Sept. 18th!
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
He has a hot streak for the New York Knicks then fades to mediocrity...he is the most Linteresting man in the world.
What do lawyers do after they die?They lie still.
Good Morning ! :)
Hang with my mamma, watch movies, make cakes. all that fun stuff
Ok, so I'm pretty much over Texas right now. I wanna get out of here 4ever, so bad.
. Austin, please follow me. It would mean alot! I cant believe your actually moving close to me(: #pumped! Anyways, follow?!(:
Signing up is a breeze. Simply visit FailFL.com/signup Use the registration form or click the Facebook Connect button for one-click access!
At Enterprise Rent a car, then off to Dallas to see Jackie and our grandkids! YAY!!!
Can you smoke sage This invention in truth painting on the intellect ...
Spoke with an old friend last night. Literally inspired me to write a dope relationship song looking forward to recording it.
Whaddaya think about that, tho? Me: is it honest, in that LD is herself an unglam non-P-Hilton heiress? Or trust-fundiness=dull?
All proceeds go to sponsor the Iron Eagle 25,000 Miles in 25 Days for the Fraternal Order of Eagles Diabetes Research Center.
I hear ya buddy. How did you guys do?
i am a big fan of nigella lawson ...
Anybody tryna rap with me? Just RT
get at me for collabs i got the track serious ppls only down south or a eastcoast rappers for this track
Just got my new issue of Lucky and noticed you in there! Congrats! You are beautiful and I love your yoga DVD "Yoga Anywhere"!
"Saved if only for a few more days..."
Wow Teresa's kids are just horrible. No manners no nothing
lol I'm thinking it will be lots of fun
Many foundations, including many in NJ, are required by their charters to fund in specific locations.
I told you Laker fans it would get crazy. I knew it would be a blow out. Wednesday will be as well.
RIGHT? AH KNOW.
Ha - that's great.
7s<A8 D button to SB 90k flip then a8<a9 when a fish raped me by limp calling my shove from the cutoff. Busto sigh. Round 3 Tom.
free movie posters
You'll get the job for sure! Quit worrying
I finally understand "this hurts me more than it hurts you". You can do it!
“: Homies teachers on there red now it's hot”
Finally seeing the descendants!
"John Edwards has a serious heart condition" - Huff Post; "Is it that he DOESN'T HAVE ONE?!?!?" -John's ex-wife (via a medium)
It should please me to start the 2nd quarter man up, but we know better.
we just confirmed a show wed august 24th. more details soon!
Norris Cole just dunked lol
Thanks for the follow! "A different language is a different vision of life" Federico Fellini Are u enjoying learning English?
It has a saucer and everything.
totally did not realize that I was on twitter - but now I am! Tweet tweet! Watch out world...
We've noticed a PPC trend with Yahoo/Bing with several clients...very high impressions and low click-throughs. Opposite of Google.
Is that Dr. Caution? RT : Beltline EB- Accident at John Nolen Dr. Caution
People underestimate the power of telling a good story.
Denver has a framework to reciprocate to artists and creatives who drive economic development.
If you're following #edreform4digera panel, follow my colleague -- she's there! (I'm having trouble getting consistent stream.)
dont worry, the awesomeness of the game will more than make up for not being able to play 2ppl online. I cant wait!!!!
It's cooling off in Hotlanta, Georgia
if you emailed me bro. I never got it.
I wish I had time to sneak away from the office to check out the #DCBloggerbakesale for at 15th & M!
type much? and good idea. use it more though!
#RyanBraun is definitely not the type of guy that would take PED. He's too straight edge and perfect. He's innocent. Enough said.
Voice all in my head
Spoken like a true teenager.
Why yes, I *am* the idiot who after 4 years of living in this city got on a blue line train and ended up at Arlington Cemetery.
yes!!!!! omfg all the awards go to him tonight. Shit
Travis is a Game of Thrones fan who couldn't get his hands on a dragon's egg.
Happy Groundhog Day! Are you excited or disappointed Puxatony Phil saw his shadow?
I'm a new teacher in Baltimore city public schools, learning Looking to build my PLN at
. However, I know WAY more about homelessness than I ever wanted. Enough to know it's not funny.
I agree!
your too funny, imy!
time to create another mix.....
Why must you forget about me :/
Feh. Looks like del.icio.us is being shut down by Yahoo.
It's my personal paper score. Is there anything specific you need?
My teeth or should I say lack of teeth hurt so fucking bad...
the east river has the satin sheen of sheet metal--very lovely
if you're hosting the NCAA selection show party again, tell to leave his date at the movie this time...
finna go shopping for 2night ! anyone wanna join?
i like that start c;
Guest at the Alliance meeting. One accomplishment they highlighted is TN the Development a statewide Parent Advisory Council.
Stop ignoring me:( plz follow
Hello, Everything! To all the fans of Craig Horner from Legend of the Seeker, his birthday is today and I like to see if anyone can help me.
First up today: Pam Cooper speaking about creativity and creating your own recipe for innovation.
He was ashy -_- THEM KNEES
Very classy!
Nice story to head to bed on!!
If you paying to perform at any show in SE Missouri you getting jerked!
Following 's "King of Bain" video, what's the over/under this political cycle on total allusions to The Police?
Questions prevent ignorance.. Questions already answered promote ignorance
Dear Guys, until you start having periods, babies, and watching the one you love be with someone else, you're not as strong as you think.
Don't forget - we're selling official Green Bay Packers Super Bowl merchandise in the lower lobby of the theatre! (while supplies lasts!)
: or she's a secret line cutter. ;-)
madison pembleton is a queen named queen madmadison
galveston! my sister and i spent the morning/afternoon there.
it's a site with tutorials on how to use certain programs like photoshop, GarageBand, windows and Mac programs. But it costs.
yeah, after I figure out prices ...........and ask my mom -_- lol
it takes honest dialogue current repubs are'nt ready
He makes me smile :)
you know wassup especially cause we have the same name ;p
It's Simple...it's just ain't Easy. People make that mistake all the time.
Seen alot up there but don't be scared who needs actions when u got words
Tinsley for the 3
I definitely cried during the movie hahaha :(
As President, mitt romney would decimate remainder of the USA that gw bush left intact!! RE-Elect President Obama for FAIRNESS & Prosperity
Come out and canvass with us. Groups going out daily!!
"I trust in your unfailing love; my heart rejoices in your salvation. I will sing to the Lord, for he has been good to me" -Psalm 13:5,6
Even if it were made here; who's to say they'd conduct their finances any different? Romney anyone?
beards demand sustinence, like the rest of us
Congrats on your nomination for Independent Artist of the Year with Southern Star Media Group! So Happy For YOU!!!!
Nighttime lap swimming at outdoor pool in December, steam rising off the water under the lights.
Hope's Anthem by Bethel Music on repeat!!
I love ice cream cake!
So many light skin chicks with big forehead outside right now
It really sucks when someone is mad at you and you don't know why. Especially when they block you from Facebook and Twitter. Who knows.
Going into championship season with my "Who Gon Stop Me" attitude.
#UNT needs a baseball team, I'll coach
Do u know if we will be able to buy the
Me too! RT RT On behalf of Texas, I'd just like to apologize for Rick Perry.
"You never close your eyes, anymore when I kiss your lips....."
Cheese sticks r BEAST!!!!<U+E33F>With pasta!!
Yay Sophie won #survivor!!! Girl power!!
We're still honoring our 50% off any service until the end of the year. No bait n switch. Just trying to build a new biz.
The New Negro. Kinte and Linen. Christmas and Kwanzaa.
#teamnosleep trend it
Pope meets Raul Castro in Havana
I was wondering what was in it, looks like grapes or raisins? I am a vegan but I'm not sure I'd touch that! lol
Ahh is on I so forgot she was supposed to be on today but so love her singing!
Check out all our new adademic publications at www.enrichprofessional.com. This month: The Green Economy & its Implementation in China
Is there a way that I can get my "one team member" access back?
50 kids just pulled up infront of my apartment to fight. dang yall don't you have better things to do..like get into
Taking my first meditation class tonight & seriously can't imagine a better end to this insanely busy week.
yezzir we did and we got em all week lol
that's a sweet set of towels
Visit us in the Menil parking lot today for Bare Bowls--both lunch and dinner until they run out.
We got Ciroc on deck if u tryna get some hmu
RT #ThatMomentWhen you see an "Ex" or someone you used to mess with & ALL the "good" memories start flashing back...
... I shall have peanut wear her new bow
Owners Fly, Players Bike
I know that why I don't wanth to but I fell bad just saying
that's something you should brag about on facebook so your mom can see. unless you're trying to build up cred on your stoner acct
Happy 42 day!
Happy Friday Beautiful People! SAG-AFTRA merger Approved! #CarpeDiem - XavierLT. com
i do please(:
You ever listen to Procol Harum Live with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra? First major rock/orchestra mix. Brilliant.
RT : Kenny Vaccaro just announced he will be coming back for 2012.
only shortly before he died in 1519.
do you guys take reservations for mothers day brunch?
I'm a touch suprised that Google search doesn't convert hexadecimal to RGB automatically.
What does the President's Professor in the Biology dept. do? Come find out! Pub Night in Hannon Library, Weds, 5:30pm, Level 3
"Gals can scare a fella"...but "fellas can go their whole lives relying on buddies"
All my favs!!!
i was kind of thinking that berdy has been cruising under the radar here. quietly lethal it appears.....!
i will!
Mike ’s Early View of the News April 27, 2012 Banks cooperate to track Occupy protesters The world ’s biggest banks are working with
I can!
Goodmorning! Or well, it's morning here :P
Who doesn't love Mr. Toads Wild Ride?
follow she is amazing
I just discovered that Mrs. Doubtfire now works at the CVS on Main Street in Salem.
exactly why hard knocks would focus on his hair...trials & tribulations of staying close-cut or growing out again. Amazing TV.
Real Gs grow n get doe
Feeling refreshed and renewed! Love being newly optimistic and planning for greatness!
Be my drug dealer
Don't mind me. I'm just sitting here ... watching you tweet.
Fundamentally they are sequence collection of tattoos roundly the arm.
OMFG LALA HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU ! YOU ARE NOT FAT.
About to step back out.
It's raining cats and dogs out there! Cutest. Storm. Ever.
Guys in muscle shirts>>>>
Will do!
G.M.N.I.: Would you mind if I tongue kissed your navel?
Aww poor guy. Can he still walk? How'd he get hurt?
"Hey darling, I hope your good tonight. And I know you don't feel right when I'm leaving."
thanks for following!
Do not click on emails from twitter saying you have unread messages. It is not from Twitter and has a virus
Having work to come home to after a long days work... Bo. Screw you thesis edits.
Thanks Kat, you're a sweetie!
BioOne site journal pages updated with newly released 2009 ISI Impact Factors and category rankings - 110 of 160 titles now ranked
My friends *love* my Kofta burgers.
strictly family
Wow, I think I could make a list of what's not available by just writing down every movie I've ever wanted to see. :(
ew its thundering
Sorry your work is boring right now. I also hope your week isn't bad. You have a nice day also.
I love the twitter app its pretty
Ike! I hope he gets a pie to the face tonight.
Sirens are going off everywhere on Maui as we wait for the Waves to come in about 30 more minutes. Eerie!
I PEED ON THE ALAMO LIKE OZZY. Okay, so since I got yalls attention... Follow
RT : Good sponsorship idea for next year: Branded Packets of Aspirin
ahh... hope she feels better soon :)
Can't believe I almost forgot about it, too. [[NSTwitterSearch alloc] initWithQuery:@"WWDC"]
With the lads<U+2764>
well I can't now so that purple dress is Gunnar be for when I go to church now
Can't wait to see my dad tomorrow :)
Any other reports of disappearing scheduled tweets?
17 years is quite an age for a cocker mix!
hi, just wondering if there is any general way i can contact retired players by mail, thanks in advance
Glad you found me. I sent you message on FB. Good luck w/ your film!
Women can be fine as ever sometimes, but they still might not be worth shit, Judge a book by its chapters, not it's cover.
Pix are coming next. RT : Haha. Monday Edition of the Leesa & Marcus Tweet ShowA RT : oh lord here we go lol
Yeah, what she said : )
Thanks for the follow guys! Aimee, would Kip's or The Depot want to be featured?
burned 185 calories doing 30 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 brisk pace, uphill"
Today in 1996, Chemical Brothers (featuring vocals by Noel Gallagher of Oasis) hits #1 in the UK with "Setting Sun".
The Roots - Undun album is my shit.
If you're reading this. Right meow... Hai :] haha
nope. Concert season. See ya Friday!
We will be there bowling!
The votes are in and David Prosser is the winner of the Supreme Court race. The margin is 0.49%. So will there be a recount?
I hate my new body wash and now I have to smell myself for the rest of the day. The horror.
Hahahaha, "where did he post those?" "Which one?"
yeah I forgot SUN wah is closed on Thursdays WTF! yeah I could already taste it...hm now what will I eat...pumpkins & bacon drippings nah
If I see Zac at a show, I will call him a puto out of love.
Forgive us, the entire collection that we have available that is. The first 7 volumes. Vol. 8 is coming within a few months (God-willing.)
Awesome! Sounds great. Feel free to email me if you have any Qs ..
Happy thanksgiving. Our lead singer/guitar player is at Carey lake tonight and Friday while the rest of the band eats and drinks
no new fone today I got in trouble last night
Corgi owners are the new crazy cat lady.
today was funny as hell kmsl
RT : Alabama's new anti-immigrant law threatens public safety and deters kids from enrolling in school. We just filed suit. More soon!
Get involved: Our next coalition meeting is this Thurs 4/1 at 6pm - new member meeting at 5:15. Pizza will be served!
Heading back from Mets victory.
coach k ya idiot. Has white players in his team and wins ships against teams that are more talented.
You can't expect to sit on your ASS and see PROSPERITY! That's like drinking OJ & Roach Spray, JUST STUPID!
miss u too lady! She still in the bed sleep girl!
today's payday, and i'm about to get me new license for my 21st.
Being sick sucks.
GTC... Gym. Tan. Criminal Minds.
Gotta love when Potter Puppet Pals skits get stuck in your head. "Harry Potter. Harry Potter."
Borders books will close all stores nationwide. I don’t think this is what the Republicans meant by “closing our borders.”.
Hey, people who walk around glaring, we would be more pleasant to you if we weren't so afraid.
how many feeds are in your rss reader? I have 236 and cannot come close to reading all the article each day.
as opposed to the shoegaze that's just always staring at your tits.
I could tweet 1,000 Times and I would never get a reply. I'll try again next time. Off to bed :l
tough times for us! Lol
Got a new web site you want spidered? Submitting through Google’s regular submission form can take weeks
I thought Landins next debut would be as an offensive lineman somewhere.
Bad timing.
A #career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
I'm reminded in this moment how much I love Prince. A lot.
I deleted my facebook account again today. I lasted 8 months last time. Hopefully this time it's permanent.
Hi Ben, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510 8321100
has finally entered the world of twitter. The catalysts? God and Justin Bieber.
Good Morning Farmers! Swing by today & pick up our strain of the day; Platinum OG! AND receive 10% off concentrates all day! See you soon ;)
Huge thanks to everyone who came to packet pickup today! It was a big success. Our volunteers worked HARD!
the pic of i was lookin at the pics u had and i saw it and Lol i saw 1 of this ugliie ass guy LMFAOO
Jesse & Austin "hey your tits are showing" me *looks down at shirt feels really stupid* i'm wearing a very high collared shirt -__-
i got there like ten minutes til close bc I hadn't eaten anything all day and all i could think was crawfish quesooooo
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
I truly LOVE teaching morning classes. They make my overall productivity for the day skyrocket!
I meet some cool people during my day!
Julie, sounds like a wonderful cause. Please email info to me at
we had a blast with you and ! Can't wait to see you all soon!
North Carolina!
go team!
I tweet DM, in the BM, you see 'em, the bucket, you love it Motherfuckers on my dick, suck it
I also sent that like a while ago but I did something wrong (What a shock) and it didnt send. so yeah... :)
RT : Surely Manpacks needs a big data solution and european based CRM systems.
well its either that, or you over think things way to much, i like the first version personally
that's spanish for.... The Nino.
cause 23 is your number
done. Please follow me Zayn
Cher, would you ever consider coming to Florida? You may not have as many fans like UK/NY but i am a huge fan! love you
AHH! tickled me an hour ago, #mahomies help me get tickled:D you know you like it when he tickles me(:
yeah, i'm excited but am not surprised, nbc did this with #Chuck too
I have too.... but i know the nuber1 girl tour not gonna be free n tickets arnt on sale on ticketmaster :(
Yes... see, I started another twitter account and thought this one can be fun for me to rant and other can be professional.
It's good to hear Zoey is better, poor thing!
Fridays always seem more boring than normal weekdays
- on that note, challenge via is coming your way
up now #nyudatamine How and why study big cultural data?
let me look up NYC showtimes and flights. K?
Figured it was either this or get a real estate license. This is way cheaper.
Ass Dark? I kinda like it.
you know why i killed the code right... time to evolve and let the chips fall where they may... bye if u r a cop i wantmy lawyer present
Built my first Revit plugin in C#-hello world!
No. Quite the opposite. And on that note, your child needs a cuteness reduction. Cuteness to the MAX! ;)
nope :( but if i eat it befor 10 i'm usually ok :)
that's vince's favorite. i think he asked if we could run it more often...
It's a Pirate's Life For Me :)
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
RT : The is doing great things on ! Definitely worth checking out.
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
thanks 4thinking of me re: - actually it's a BRANDnew thing - i'm curious too, apply 4 scholarship!
anyways , who are you ? Sike nah lol what's up
#SAD will never be the same RIP MCA :( RT #BeastieBoys co-founder Adam Yauch has died; was in cancer treatment since '09
you're coming next time!
#ghettocrayolacolors fake ass rims Silver
NEW SONGS, GO CHECK EM OUT.
Welcome to twitter :)
Legally defensible Retention and disposition is key.
#FashionStar I would buy Kara if her stlye would fit curves, luv dresses ronnie makes, nzimiro perfect for guys!
Couldn't of asked for a better night (:
The ladies did right by #ShakeItOut #Glee. And a lovely acting perf by the #awesome tonight on
hey bro.. still never received my hardcover version of footprints.. what's up with that!
Awesome!! I am a big fan of working out. :-)
is crazy!! LOL
My husband says I use coconut oil like the guy from My Big Fat Greek Wedding uses windex. Whatever the ailment, I say "put some oil on it."
looks handsome presenting our favorite
You know you're stressed out when you have a nightmare that the pile of work on your desk begins to attack you.
TOPIC OF DISCUSSION: MINUTES AWAY. PITTSBURGH, PA'S FINEST RISING STAR, A LYRICAL MASTERMIND AT HIS PRIME, YOUNG BRAVO!!FOLLOW
Hearing McMurtry play "No More Buffalo" live at Shank. Life's good.
I cannot believe I just now found out you were in Charlotte. I would have come to see you! I hope it was fun.
that awkward moment when no one ever knows what rynas saying, but she finally found nicoles tumblr! :D
I upvoted you! I'm curious too, haha.
alex at starlight tattoo did it. =]
i just realized today i DONT own a Darkseid shirt... then realized what better place to find one?!?
WOOT! Finding it hard to focus. So pumped!!
bout time lol jk and why arent u folling me brat? i just noticed that lol
So Potholes readers prefer Azealia to Purrp. Got it.
I am also a free thinker
It's insane to think that 250 years after nation's founding MS RWNJ would reject our founders Diest faiths ... they have moved backwards.
i have my own style of promotion, that is what I call my artistry!
No explanation needed. I know you're busy and I'm happy that you are. Keep bringing it. People will see how special you are.
could really use a tennis partner today!
Miami #Dolphins new RB from Canadian league, Jerome Messum is 6'4", 245 lbs & a 4.4s (40 time) and broke a teammate's jaw.
Let's celebrate #ColumbusDay by walking into someone's house and telling them we live there now.
finally gave in and got a Twitter!
Going to the Remlinger Farm Pumpkin patch with Maasai's class
Hey AJB! Thanks for chattin' it up and the autographs today! Welcome to the Rose City,it was worth the coast switch!
The radio is filled with garbage over techno beats, and all these songs about cash are what we just don't need.
ok good! You scared me for a minute! I like your hair long :)
Congratulations & welcome!!! RT : : Just got accepted into 's one-year, #IMBA program!
My Quote of the Day - "Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.", Mae West
Finally saw Midnight In Paris. Why do movies always show nerdy guys landing hot chicks but never the opposite? If only girls ruled H'wd...
What is the craziest dream you've ever had?
lol... you are straight cooked sometimes but I def. respect the hustle...
#ItsAmazingHow Austin is so hot!
Impressed by the book collection at #JCREW- #JohnCage, Richter, #NYC urban landscapes line the shelves above clothes. #biblio minded
RT - Blaine Gabbert is a couple of 4th-quarter David Garrard mental mistakes from being the starting quarterback of the...
I'll pee on it! Oh wait thats for jelly fish burns!
I actually can't wait to see that movie. It's been a while since I've said that.
bored out of my mind. -__-
Did you know white wine gets darker as it ages while red wine gets lighter. . .
Interesting #sportsbiz note: Callaway golf sponsors segment on MLB Network. Where else do you see cross-sport move like that?
": BREAKING: Indonesian officials reporting 8.9 magnitude earthquake off Aceh; Tsunami warning issued." #prayers for all involved
Bikeride down the jersey shore
honestly, I have no fucking clue. I just want my whiskey back in the office.
Well this is depressing.
Join Thursday 1/20/11 from 5 pm - 9 pm @ Montage Tasting Room & Wine Bar for a free #wine tasting. 304 Liberty St. Morris, IL
Congrats Heather!
Not renewing a program and saying you have nothing to fill the slot is like running out of tuna and saying we have no food!
Frozen fresh blueberries:great cold snack, full of anti-oxidants. Great for late night snackers, instead of the ice cream or worse choices.
Today is Wednesday and that means $1.00 breakfast Tacos $1.00 coffee and $1.00 juice Made Fresh to order NOT FAST PREMADE FOOD!!
Just saw #HungerGames. I enjoyed the novels, albeit the first two more than the third. I thought it was incredibly well done!
I support you 100% your great and everything you do and your gorgeous! Please follow me!!
"Alien Behind Obama While Saying Im God Chroma Key " Yeah sure I'll click this vide......WAIT HOW THE FUCK DID I GET HERE!
Baby sitting <<<
Just watched Rich Rod's press conference... Guy is classic. Glad to have him as the AZ football coach. Funny dude.
Hate getting blamed for talking in class when I wasnt -.-
well, look at where ur at now. and look at where they're at now..ur better off making the money.
I won't clean my house unless I'm BLASTING . Sorry mom.
Thanks Reynolds....that was amazing stab at 3rd. You just cost Chen a chance for a win in his debut asshole!
Rap wasn't interesting to me until like.. Beginning of the 2000's. When college dropout dropped. Before that I was more into r&b and rock
love you to sis
Surprisingly has the urge to go golfing again with (I'll finished 9 holes this time)
“Why don’t honest journalists take on Roger Ailes and Fox News?“
I will definitely check em out thanks!!
Girls are so weird. I don't care who you know honey. Carry on
Excellent marketing tactic. I believe that was their purpose...
When faced w/2 choices #flipacoin not bcuz it w/decide 4 u but in that brief moment when coin is in air u suddenly know what u r hoping 4.
I possibly have one. Very early stage and may be a bit loose with the definition of startup. Crazy day ahead, I'll email you later?
Did I make the right choice? I hate this guilt feeling. Ugh.
we don't believe u ...u need more people lls **in my JAYZ voice**
Congrats to Mandy! RT : Found out I won the Pat Hoefling Memorial Scholarship to go to #aaup12 today! Yay!
deal!(; No I have an iPhone
Charges were scratched, saw the replay of the clippers/thunder game, grubbing at La Canasta, so far so good!
BECAUSE THE NIGHT
Your fucking annoying.
RT “I will meditate on all your works and consider all your mighty deeds.” – Psalm 77:12. // Give God's word some time today!
I don't know but I'm sick of him for real.
Above all else I pride myself on loyalty & it is one of the most important characteristics I look for in my friends
Only if it increases chapter membership.
Well, I'm thankful I have headphones. I love my parents, but both of them have obnoxiously loud laughs.
Kentucky putting a clinic on these boys.
"A man that is willing to share you... DOES NOT LOVE YOU!"
oh you know me too well!!!
Its juss how my birthday is a week from today like wow time sure does fly by
“It is impossible to get the measure of what an individual can accomplish unless the responsibility is given to him.”
Happy Labor Day everyone. Diamondisc Audio is closed today, will pick it back up Tuesday a.m.
We're experiencing a heavy barrage of spam which is affecting email delivery. A solution is being worked on now!
what's news mate?
Signed up for the Tri-State Tough Mudder! I noticed that est completion time is the same as 7-mile NorCal Event? That right?
of course we are hopefully sometime this week
In top 16 for umvc3 losers side, and in Skullgirls grand finals! Gonna be on stream after Blazblue!
class? What's that? I thought you taught Sat mornings?
How are we talking
After the take on today head to Captain Morgan Club for !
Slow jams are so relaxing <3
Great Black Friday Deals! See our Shop!
used to by packs at Scotty's Comic Shop in San Francisco
I had an interesting conversation last evening on the structural problems and risk assessment in institutional education
I'm scared to get old o_o
You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours.
I'll send one over but you probably won't receive it for another week? :(
Austin should do a shirtless ustream omg <U+2665>
Reading Romeo & Juliet -.-
Also, I think your account may have been hacked. I've gotten a couple direct messages from you that go to a fake twitter page.
I hate when people talk bad about my family. I don't let that shit slide <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
"The birds are the keepers of our secrets" Guy Garvey.. <U+2665> bri
Oh & dresses that you can't wear bras in/need small titties
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened. - Mark Twain
Do you have the Scout Mob app? They have a coupon for Villa-O
is beautiful!!
Still looking for #ISTE2011 hotel rooms in case anyone knows of any available.
i fancy doodling something for :o i think i shall!
What a day.. Got to be crafty, decorated a xmas tree, & got my dance on.. Also conquered a bull!! BAM whats next... 8-)
": To all the fat chicks that only take pics from the neck up .... good try ...good try..."
Look at the stars, look how they shine for you
This 8th grade band recital will be a travesty if they don't honor MCA with a rendition of "Intergalactic"
Just because one road is blocked, does not mean that the destination is unreachable. You can always find another road, or make your own. An…
We miss you on air in Orlando..Good luck in Philly.
#nisoEbook MUSE currently uses PDFs fir both ejounals and ebooks ingest and export. May consider ePub in future.
aw don't be sad I'll bring you a chocolate chip cookie Danny
I hope you mean that in a good way! ;-)
check your dm.
Shout out to follow him ^_^ GO FOLLOW
on may 15th our new television travel series debuts on pbs in the us. really excited.
The sad thing? Im single. The happy part? Im single.
Follow Fonts HD to keep up to speed with our latest products, developments, and savings!
I forgot Rihanna's ex-boyfriend's name...Then it hit me...
How do you think we can get back on track? I want freedom, justice and democracy, not more partisan hate-mongering.
Beautiful day for a swirly treat!
Am I missing something with this #Gotye guy? He puts me to sleep. In fact it looked like he almost put himself to sleep on
Back to la where I belong
Working our way up to the show on Sat nite. Hope u can be there. Wonderfully talented people who are a pleasure. Great show last weekend.
We'll be happy to have you. Bring bells if you like, but for the sake of the children please wear pants.
Repubs. are not 'nuturing' They they are 'punitive'
I don't need a summer job after I receive all the gift cards from walmart! #TooExcited I think in all like $5,000!!
I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!! OMG IM LIKE FANGIRLING!!! SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!! #SaySomethin :D #YEE #YEEUH Ah
Congratulations to you and your family!
-_- that was a good one !
There is one crucial rule that must be followed in all creative meetings. Never speak first. You job is to shut up. -- William Goldman
You know how the left is hoping Newt will win the primary? Perhaps we should be a weary of this. Wasn't the same said about Reagan in 80'?
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
got a parking ticket for $20 and she's crying #lmao btw her dad laughed at her
your very own Dallas #BBQ tour !
right? smdh maybe he realized his argument was groundless? haha
Who let Frank Drebin behind the plate tonight? This guys way off.
Do you have questions about #Chicago2012 Summit? will answer your questions all week! To ask him, just use the hashtag
Which market are you located in?
most of the time I do. But needed both open and it is just sucking memory
Hey Raven, Thanks 4 being a friend. You're a really cool person to know. Stay you shawty. Much Love 2 you !! Straight up!
Pretty much everyday after 5 pm my day gets better & better :)
Wow....so disappointed in a paper I read for years growing up...not anymore! way to support your own
The undecideds get throttled until they make a choice whether to be batshit crazy or a reasoning human.
Pshhh! You wish!
Great Saturday with Loving that he's back in DC!
Wahh the week is almost over, back to school Monday *tear* :'(
I do but perhaps that's showing my age!
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
If you were born in the 90's and didn't hear Blink-182 music as a kid, you were definitely a deprived child
u a bitch. I'll get u tho
That lovely moment when your best friend aka hacks into your twitter(:
that's what's up u goin to hangover_nite_set
In the meantime, we will be replacing the horse statue on the North Oval with a threatening carp with glowing red eyes.
Gods Bathroom Floor
yes RT : RT : Ed Reed said he considered retirement for 3 years straight.
Everytime I wash my hands I have to get 3 pieces of paper towel
What's good, ladies?!
Listening to my man this christmas eve morning
This boy think he cute, with his chipped crooked teeth.
what's with the technicals lately bro?
Working on a strong mind and body in preparation for the 2012 triathlon season!!
This post office line on steroids!
Done with the tanning. Rushing home. Damn shake got my stomach bubblin. # THERUNS
well i dont even know why i made a new twiter! seriouslY! lol evryone follow me :) <3333 thanku...
I love
hey I do.
<< stands 4 something...cause fallin 4 ANYTHING is not an option!
Cd realese party this Sunday then video shoot the next Sunday! Should be a lot of fun!
Totally agree with wisdom in your heading about a woman's capability. P.S. Only if she knows, YES she CAN.
am cool jst chiiling wat r u up to bro
Well, I'm out of shape. I couldn't even scrimmage for 10 minutes without dying.
Tom Brady 12
But I only have eyes for one boy and he dgaf about me.
When a girl goes missing..Adult: Something terrible must of happened hope she ok ...Us: Smt That Bitch is @ her bfs house...
Great footage for some Utube vids coming soon...hope everyone likes it.
Congrats on your win Bubba. Amazing performance!
How are things in Japan?
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
MLB games today from 11am-12am CT. I live for this, I truly do.
Thanks for the follow girl!! I love your profile quote!!!
I sure hope so! :o)
Hell yes, #Kings! I'm jumping on that bandwagon hard, and I'm really hoping they hoist it this year.
Weinberger (everything miscellaneous) reported to be impressed by the linked data energy across cultural heritage organizations
when are you going to come visit Baltimore? I think you'd have fun here
mission accomplished.
Belated thanks for the #ff love. :)
everybody was beast on there from shield agents to villians...I'm definitely gonna cop the dvd when it come out.
Today wuss a qudd day until I qot out of school.! Hope it continues.! not n the mood for anymore bs
Everythang!!..“: Well what can u do?”
Maybe he's in the studio now <3<3
If you haven't already, follow
"It's time that Walker come clean with the people of Wisconsin," Barrett said.
Writing, eating, reviewing, and cooking today. Need to perfect the right balance of gooey ganache for black bottom pecan pie. Tough day.
"We have lousy data habits and are in desperate need of help" from a research scientist presenting at
Eli Manning is so gross. So gross. Also take out your retainer.
A Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco De Mayo...That works!!!
Some people interpreted the election result as a vote of anger. They are making a mistake. It was a mature and conscious choice. --ALEXIS...
I wanna have sexual relations with oomf.
delayed response. Was out of office last week. This made me laugh tho. Always good to establish creepy factor off the top HA!
have a great show tonight. I wish I was there! Play up on the ridge for me!!;)
Hehe. I see that! Anyways, go NY Yankees & Rangers!!!!
Now I must see Iron Lady.
I feel like a pretty pretty princess...he woke me up;) # <3 God
: thank you! Hope you enjoyed your pastries to! :)
Another order of Living Dangerous shirts is going out! Who wants one???
And that's why lebron is not MJ or Kobe and he is y'all king ha
Moreover, Old Style beats RitualCleanse in taste & cleansing, while providing added benefit of a buzz to ease Jury Duty pain
Have you checked out the cruise deals? They're awesome! www.majkltravel.net RT Wish I was in Alaska
Dear Wednesday, Cool out for a second. I'm moving as fast as I can!
When you think about it, there are actually 181 whole integer lines of latitude on the planet, right? 0 to 90 N + 1 to 90 S=181.
I am wincing and wincing and wincing and watching 127 Hours.
Back to the ville with
Spotted: carrying water bottle around work today. Thanks for representing, Dan! :)
Think a margarita is in order.....
Cloud dev and biz unusual RT will you be at tomorrow? What session are you most excited about?
ghe...Nicki wouldn't know a bar if she got hit in the throat with one...how about a female that can actually spit?
cinco day drinking
A very good news is on the way!
#thatawkwardmoment when you're on campus and see the fubsy chick who was grinding on everyone last night
Smile pretty because you deserve to
your a funny guy. keeping it real i see hahaha!!
RT : "There's no reason to have a Plan B because it distracts from Plan A" - Will Smith
We're creeping closer to lunch time...who's heading to The Lube for lunch?
What you want want want, is what I want want waannt.. cone on rude booy(8)
or....maybe they can
THIS BOY RIGHT HERE SITTING NEXT TO ME TALKING BOUT SOME SEXY BIRDS I MEAN WHO DOES THAT
will do
school...then play practice...Then SPRING BREAK!!!!! :D
38 till 300! You guys rock!
im pulling an all nighter... then like at 8 I'm making my mom breakfast.
hahaha i know :) i love my phone tho
#ARCHER on F/X right now! Watch it!
box or piss station
Sitting here dieing laughing over Blondies mystery box!! Awesome
Rewriting an old(er) piano piece for orchestra; it's becoming a completely different kind of piece.
i would be a very happy person if you followed me.
He was grounded even though he only wanted to see if the worms would make her fly.
giving away free dog and cat treat bags for the holidays at our shop! come on bye!!!
Hahaha that is awesome!
At starbucks :D vanilla bean
Not even sure if that was genuine O_o
already sent a couple entries, hoping to attend in #chicago!
Not yet but that's one of my goals this summer haha
Let me get started on this work though
Proud of the #Naija crew especially the Yoruba's graduating #HowardUniversity who have taken MOST of the #PhiBetaKappa keys this year.
Expecting big thing from Brian Davis this week at the Heritage. Looks like a lock at 50-1.
Our Original Glazed doughnut recipe made us famous 75 years ago. Who knew it would still be delicious?
I have a strict 'don't have actual conversations' via text with girls I've just met. It's a horrible start to any relationship.
haha, or the snarl .... gay face!
First Thought: Damn the head must be a monsta
just left
I eat at school lol
Tonight I'm gonna Marry The Night.
glad you guys are doing it again. Will def hit you up later!
Just ran into mr. Brown at the post office. He made my day.
In FSU iPad use study, some students still not comfortable shifting to e-textbooks.
This week & will be on #okcshow to talk marketing in the digital age and more.
I apologize in advance for anyone who has to edit my research paper tomorrow.......
#ImThatPersonWho over thinks things way too much.
how can you do that to us?
RT : funny account to follow:
Always know when to walk away, no matter how hard it may be.
Oh my I feel like an old old woman!
whoever is hating on u want the life u have thats why they keep starting shit with u
I didnt know it was your bday. Well happy bday beautiful
Keep calm and wear Vlados.
Experiencing awful customer service from ! Argh!
YOUR A DORK.
My computer messed up so I'm switching to Mom's other one and I gotta get blood work done tomorrow it's gonnabe a long night for me. *Sighs*
best ever
Follow my Freinds! and THEY CAN GET YOU 100's of FOLLOWERS!
How do you use your JD’s the most often? Do you make #homemadesalsa or do you use it to spice up your dishes?
is that recent?
grand opening is sat. the 19th. discounted rides & free hot dogs/sodas! come on down, eat & enjoy the sun on the bay! 562.5GO.2HYD
I love when you can look back at your life, know what lessons you learned, and think #whatthehellwasithinking?
hahaha...well then pass the strawberries!
We love you! What a joy to see you in person. Pls come back in November!
Tonight, I bought my wedding shirt/tie, played guitar for 2 hours, and found my missing Royals hat. I am punching the sky so hard right now.
Since David Letterman swore off tweeting, I feel I must fill the void
Yes, but the reps will advise u on how much ur saving, in both time AND $$.
It's over now. I am one with the Timeline....
it happens, there are many people that just can't keep up with my wittious banter...yes thats a word now.
if its C10 Frontier, see u there ;)
Warrant had already been issued for Zimmerman per
#hth2012 Yan: giving great talk. Looking at dynamics of Web media / nationalism and heritage. "Bottom up" is not always pretty!
first week of school was a success!! Now to work on English II projects... ._.
I haven't seen her. Do you have a link to a picture or her twitter? I don't get why people have to be rude
": Can't wait til my show this weekend. Me and my
If you obey all the rules, you’ll miss all the fun. ~Katherine Hepburn
how many times over the past yr have you been solicited by attorneys and agents to join the concussion lawsuits?
Now I know that its okay to be afraid as long as you show up.
Happy Egg Hunting!
There is the
- very good thanks! How about yours?
Whew. Long drive finally back home I need a shower!!
thanks guys. Means a lot, been a hell of a day.
My 18 month old loves
A 5 shot lead with 1 to go. #Tiger to close this one. How sweet it is!
BABOOM BABY WOO SHELLY DUNCAN FTW
we knew. Fag
Sabato's Crystal Ball lecture from this past Saturday's MTTS event now available on U.Va.'s iTunesU!
Be careful, don't get food poisoning there. Watch out for Vandersloot
#GoAwaySnow You are not welcome.
Hi Okto it is great to hear from you. Best to your family and Popo and Luna cats.
LOL. It is! XD That was the song me and her were obsessed with for like forever.
It's a great day for a walk!
He makes me smile! =)
Make #Highland proud! Go Big Ben.
Social Media Reporting – Improving Social Media ROI On the internet social network advertising and advertising has grow to b
i'm at home..
SO close to 1000 followers! RT the #musical #Theatre love!
WHAT WHAT WHAT how did I miss that post?
He's Just Not That Into You
Well, last minute seat upgrade put me next to Euro-guy who needed a bath 3 days ago. Karma, and the universe, laughed!
"I just need mindlessness"
Support the new artist ... check out (Mackeehan) songs on YouTube.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!14
#CBJ defeats Phoenix tonight, 3-2. It's their first three-game winning streak in more than a year.
me two!
Competitive research - not only about SEO. Call them, and see how they handle their sales process.
are you gonna chill with us this weekend bro?
Hey guys! Have you already follow ? Quick Quick! She's #sweet and she's following back.. :)
sounds like the locker room
Dont get mad when a girl cares too much. You should start to worry when she no longer gives a F*CK.
My blood pressure didn't rise at all today; I wonder why?
hey man I want to say happy birthday (whatever day it is LoL) catch you on the flip side
you're so crazy andrew. up late on a school night
I killed a lot of trees and spilled a lot of ink today trying to be a graphic designer.
LOL @ ESPN's headline announcing Lamar Odom's departure from Dallas "End of an Error"
sent, thanks!
Ugghh she irritatin the mess outta me cuz I actually like her lol RT Tami is doing the most. For what tho???
Saturday - think I'll wander...
yep but not on me
I wish i could make her one less lonely girl <3
Parents: why are you going to bed so early? Me: well there's nothing els to do lmao
I'm ready to be off work so I can have some Olive Garden!
Any suggestions for companies that handle estate sales in #Indy. (Northside)
Would you be open to having others from the agency?
Its on Campus, you still tryna find a job? and we can talk at Dinner G
oh yea almost 200 followers plz follow
you know it's really cold when your eyelids are freezing.
Nah. Hopleaf is great, but I was referring to Transistor. I keep meaning to check those guys out, but always forget.
gaaaaaaaaaaah i didnt realize it was so soon! and yes i do... crap! we can talk about it tomorrow :)
our NEW website is almost complete!
Same account. Nothing changes except the name, and it will change across the system.
Comlimentary(FREE) Skyy Vodka or Pyrat Rum Drinks from 9pm-1030pm THURSDAY at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale. Hottest Thursday in Town
We live in the era of smart phones and stupid people.
#2222 do u like the hunger games?
Found myself a power outlet to charge my phone on campus!
reported this morning that Browns will wear Brown at home.
Dont even feel like he wants me anymore . He act's different but whatever i guess . He the one losin out
lol well i made kitty a twitter, so when she tweets me, im talking to myself in a way, so i try not to respond back LOL
I would go with A as well. Boredom is contagious
#Fcat next week...
Good morning. Twitter :)
And yet, they drink out of the toilet...RT Dogs have the ability to taste pure water, but humans cannot.
These are exactly the conversations that need to take place!
let the past be the past and don't judge a book by its cover
you are welcome..:)
Stryker Sonoma Winery & Vineyards Here's the original article from Sunday's SFGate.com .. 47 minutes ago · 1 ·LikeUnlike · Comment · Share
Batata Harra at Mezza Grill in Culver City is the stuff of dreams. So, so good. Perfect Tuesday topper.
#OomfNeedsTo txt me back
Poster is uploaded for #mlanet12. Yippee! One thing off my checklist, so many more to do...
I'm with Bill on this.
Recruiting #promoters in #SouthBeach. Contact me for more info: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
RT : Geekdad assembled 100 of the top, must-follow geeks on Twitter. How many of these guys and gals do you follow?...
Last night's dreams involved turtles, diving for bodies, a dying woman named "Frances" and mountains. I'm tired.
well hes lucky lol. But how much are those tixs behind home plate?
What progress, you ask, have I made? I have begun to be a friend to myself. Hecato, Greek philosopher
Yeehaw! In less than 2 hours (11 am), the gates will open on Pensacola Beach!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions i would bake biscuits for every housing project in America!
Are you thinking of making a trip out here?
WHY! WHY is HSM3 a trend topic?!?
Ugh My abs hate me and my decision to try Pilates yesterday
Yea! Whateva! Discipline or not, ya'll would of still got whooped. But ya'll definitely need help w/ taking ass kicks like men.
Thank you so much Glen=)
#EveryoneHasThat1friend that gives good advice
try new York!
I saw this kid at the store who looked exactly like Childish Gambino. Oh my gosh.
enjoyed attending the Ed Hardy VIP Pool Party at Planet Hollywood last night. The food, drinks, music, fireworks, and helicopter were great.
Handled that!!
- i need help wiring a surround sound system that was given to me. anyone want to help?
Elementary school changed over 4 years
Happy National Condom Day The only day you have to wear one!
no problem. Where did you end up going?
You ain't a Pimp nigga ur a Fairy .
Why did you give minnesota a run?
amazing :D
Ads are great. Stories are better.
Thanks for being a fuckface tonight
Lmao! I'm fareal. Ima make her text you !
Going to watch the Saints...Who Dat?
I hope that's true. In their 15 years here they've never been given a truly fair shot to succeed off ice.
which ones off rare your favorite
jake Arrieta been dealing this year but orioles can't hit w/RISP,
"Stop complaining!!" Why? i have a reason. And besides, Austin is 16. Old enough to hear my opinion.
I DO!
The trail is dusty, The road it might be rough, But the good road is a-waitin' And boys it ain't far off. Bob Dylan "Paths Of Victory"
Espn and McDonald's in the mornin
I *think* I found the line in the sand: if you don't like Calvin and Hobbes, I'm *pretty* sure we're not friends.
Beautiful give & go! Go BC!
or just a sign you were in Kansas City.
differentiate fun from engagement. Not always fun - to trivial a word. It's about flow and engagement. Gee.
If your stomache/ fat hangs out while you ate wearing a skirt, please have some class and don't wear it. Or some self respect.
i pretty much just told my crush i like him.
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will be your Maid of Honor one day.” <3
Omw to Denny's w/ the moms. TML <3
there's got be some midwest talent we can get down here..get the ball at least rolling a bit.
Reverse week starting out and union station, now were right at the corner of mass and north cap opening at 11:15
I will still never buy a KIA
RT : has been to Falkirk, Strathclyde country park, Southshields and tomorrow at sun, snow & everything
Merry Christmas to all of my Twitter friends!!
Lol So Yuh Wanna Be Funny. Now.
i really hope you choose me as the fotm i love you so much! xoxo
Huge win for the Cats! Top 4 seed in the Big East tournament and a double bye...Everyone shut up about us being on the bubble
#askAfriend What's the last thing you texted hannah? TWITPIC IT
"Forgive me sir, he killed my parents."
Knicks will #beatboston on Friday. Don't argue, just accept it.....
at the cincinnati symphony orchestra. love the
Thanks for the mention!
The HCC forum has been great so far, the HCC has been asking some great questions of the candidates.
Of course. ^_^
That's a really great illustration style!
Ha! Emailing this one to SVH. Cause I'm sure you didn't mean me
I'm saying RT : Damn. When they start selling UNDFTD at the mall? I'm late
WTF??? Rep. Cantor calls law abiding citizens, guaranteed the right to assemble in protest a dangerous mob? and Cain calls them stupid!!!
The weekend is here!!! Why not hit one of the many beaches close to NYC? Here is a list of a few beaches all accessible by public...
Why do some men find their honor in the humiliation in others? -
Thanks!!! So happy they're loving the mermaid vibe!
I was. The vagaries of youth…
Its On The Video Lol .. Bt Its In Mentor ...
Pretty much dying one the inside but oh well
I just don't trust y'all women out here
3 grown ass men picking up dog shit: embarrassing to our species
I would LOVE to take you, but i had previously planned a weekend trip to lake arrowhead. if they make 2nd round then ya :D
would love to know what you are hiring for and if that might be a fit 4my skills in seo-grfx-mrkting-creative
Proud of you, Mr. President.
What is up with the sound on Big Bang Theory?
DEF had some great times at the <ST > Christmas party. going in the books on that one. good seeing everyone & glad we had the fun. Back to t
Done with classes for the Semester! Now it's time to get these finals over with next week
we expose ourselves to scrapple daily! ;-)
thinks she brought CA weather with her to NY, and CA is now stuck with NY weather (according to countless angry weather updates on FB). ;)
I'm keeping it!
lucky u I lost everything and starting over. Damn iPhone being stuck in reboot.
amazon is teasing me then! AH
don't swear at me!!!
Good luck tonight to , and the whole gang at ! Paint it Black (Tie) event is sure to be a rockin one!
made my day. (Thanks!)
Hi Kale, - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
RT : #VCU and Richmond are #'s 1 and 2 in the country for all time wins as 11 seed or worse in modern tourney era!
Hm, bored with perfection. Well I guess that's a pretty diplomatic way of looking at it.
Marketing & PR firms- have your clients inquired about mobile? We have a white-label solution that delivers content, mobile-web pages and g…
I hate it when people say that they're fat in front of me, but I'm clearly bigger than them.... Awks.
but a better player? Might have to package both Rudy and OJ to get a star
Why Use Gas fireplaces Instead of Natural Gas Fireplaces | Heaters
I'd retweet a pic of that..
I need a nap... Haven't had an actual nights sleep since LAST Tuesday night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Trying to figure it out.
Why do people have such stupid names on here and Facebook?
yeah with the nah nah nah yatti yatti ya lol
ah congrats that's awesome!
What is UP with people using samurai swords in attacks? It happens in Brooklyn more than you think....
It's gona b another long day
no she's not!
and Joshua have been married 24 hours now!
too many videos to watch but i will catch them all sooner or later but you are great
nap would squash him. Lol
you are one..of thousands I'm referring to who don't know any songs on the mixtape,and you didn't spell it right so stfu
Looks like we will be in Italy March 2-4 2013!
yeah, yeah. 'cause when you write a press release, you shouldn't ALSO put an email for questions.
Neil kicked it in! NO GOAL!!!
Alright yall, who's jazzed for Mayweather VS Cotto this weekend?? Im throwing bets down on Floyd Money - hoping for another sucker punch! :D
"you can't out train a bad diet"
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of Justin Bieber, Austin Mahone, or One Direction, yeah... We just can't be friends. Get a life.
Thanks! It was fun! RT : I just saw you!! I want to eat that pasta right now!
thank you.
Idk sometimes im asking why do i need to hurt like this and cry alot.
I have tragical thinking. My actions will take down the world.
"Jiro Dreams of Sushi" was magnificent. Go see it. I practically held my breath the whole time, I didn't want it to end.
OMG i didnt realize you were one of the Stunners!
Not saying whether or #rhonj won out tonight, but I'll say this: someone just said, "I read the In Touch magazine."
Where is my fucking pizza
Y U NO STREAM >_<
Friday March 4, 2011. Join is for an evening of dancing at Mission Hills Country Club's open house. 7- 9:30. RSVP @
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
whoa that's awesome! Congratz! Our emac students are so urban. ;)
Cool! What town is it in?
My chicken nuggets taste like tuna
6 MORE DAYS OF SCHOOL LEFT FOR ME! How many days does you guys have? :)
Of course, 1 for my cell phone, maybe 2 for good measure :). And Indy - although we went down to S. IN for canoeing.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be @ the Shops at Rio Grande today from 10-3: 4022 Rio Grande NW
Please stop promoting your own program and address the session topic. Thank you.
and I got them! Thank you very much.
Baby Camden is here!!! 6lbs 4oz and 18.5 inches long. We were about 4 weeks early, but Mommy and Camden are doing great!!!
Happy 83rd Birthday, Che Guevara! To hell with those CIA rat bastards who took you down, comrade.
Great game for the #spurs tonight. Keep yall updated next game!
Get the newest Real Weddings Magazine this Sunday The @ Arden Hills Resort&Spa Msg for complementary tix
Tonight we launch all 3 selections at the Jacobs Center, 7pm with & Alan Brennert!...
injured groin from last game still bothering him, I assume
getting down on a Carina Round remix right now....
There's caffeine in coca cola, pepsi, dr pepper, etc. And don't forget those 'energy' drinks. :-)
Yes. You must. You haven't tweeted much lately...
im running there right now......
Thanks, Linda!
4 ACES GRILL appreciates the follow!
i thought it was hard
Weakness is merely something that we Pillar in life! Never shall it inhibit you but more easily show you where you need help.
Email, blog, tweet, FB, skype authors for free or on the cheap to connect your readers or students!
both politically & practically asking middle class to sacrifice while wealthy take more & more isn't fair
what up fam! Changed my name...holla at cha boy!
By starting my backchannel tweet with , it won't appear in my followers' feeds unless they're also following
Lebron led the team in every statistical category.. If his teammates would have showed up they would have won by 10
hope your shoot goes well. :)
They did it!
WIll get on this asap
wake yo ass up!
Does anyone know how to restore admin control on Windows 7?
everything is gay
A big thanks goes out to for all of the hard work that he put in to the OSBLN as President. Best of luck going forward!
No argument that #Purdue will be good w/o Hummel - just don't think they should be ranked that high. Top 25-Yes, Top 10-No.
Thank you. I know what comes through me. :) Yes, it seems that we both share freely with those who seek (and find). Blessings to you!
#NP Justice Pandora Radio
ok. feel free to DM if you need a hand after the call, i'm currently following.
Can we blame the bad FT shooting on the earthquake?
don't have any reccomendations for you, but happy to see a familiar face on Twitter. Congrats on the new computer!
I'll try not to but sometimes it's just too hard to resist
Awesome! RT : join us for our 1st #bealeader chat May 3rd 7pmET Confidence Matters is our topic w/host
At Honda Center to see the Ducks vs Wild....
ps who wants to gimme some adderall? ill give u kisses.
I love this Change and Development Quote: Learning is like rowing upstream: Not to advance is to drop back - Chinese Proverb RT
Did you take that, Nice!
laid off by Slate and #SteveJobsquits from Apple. What next? Obama decides to become a Canadian?
THANK YOU! RT Have a great opening!
So close to breaking my diet
Waiting for my brother, but his dumb ass has been looking for his car for an hour in downtown Portland. He left it there last night. JFC.
Ridiculousness. I want to go to there.
BUT I'm not a mean or rude person at all. I don't want y'all to think I'm angry all the time. Just get heated when I'm passionate about some
I think you're confusing UK with UCONN.
wow good to know
#GOP LEADERS are like "VAMPIRE CAPITALISTS' forced N2 HIDING bhind dark lies & #RWNJ delusional CINOs(Christns N name Only)
what about tab+h keyboard shortcut to jump to your Home page, the "assigned to me" view?
Everyone and their mammas loves bud light. <U+E40E>
Hint for Tuesday’s deal: It’s great if you don’t need creatine, carbs, or sugar b4 a workout, but still want energy and help with reco
You have an awesome day too. We're working on that this side of North Texas. *hehe*
This is why I come to you.
Thanks so much! :) tell some friends about us! :)
Have a good weekend everyone!
Arrived & getting settled in
follow?!? I love how pretty you are!!!!!!<3
Happy Easter! #Blessings & happiness to everyone!
we start Tues. after Labor Day
Awesome..Thank you. If you are in the Nashville area this Friday, I'm playing at Two Old Hippies from 5-7.
Thursday fun: Music, beautiful people, outdoors. Earth Day 2:30-6:30. Free. hayesvalleyfarm.com
LET ME GET MY DULESSSS!!! :P
You have a boyfriend. Quit flirting with other guys.
The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give.- Walt Whitman
Damn. Missed our cue. That last one scared the hell out of me.
Oh haha yeah I never go over there unless its for whole foods <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lol
Good luck for tonight at the Beeb. I really am very envious!x
The "Vote American" billboard is SO not cool!
I'm not sure, but I think flyers already went out to the convention organizers, but I'll have to check!
nice! I saw your pics and we must have been five feet from each other! Really great show - I loved both bands.
Especially if you're doing them! XOX
Thank you for the follow... :)
and his color changing condom lol.
This dog Took off wit my charger slipper and when I tried to stop him he knocked my ass on the floor bo
You know that we ball at the OMAHA MAL!
super excited about the new logo. Cant wait to have it on the eco-van :)
welcom to the twitter world Mr. Sam Jack!
Would like to see some brilliant Halloween t-shirt designs. thanks.
I'm gonna go with smoke on this one or it would be cool to see Austin win
Why is summer going by so fast! Plz slow down.
Rotary ski day at Mt Hood is January 17 2pm-9pm. Lift tickets are $10 and half go to Rotary. Hit up a Rotarian for the hook up!
So I CREEP ...Yeeaaaa Just Creepin On The Down Low ...
we had to temporarily go off the air. We are hoping to return to the airwaves soon. I will keep you posted!
Im even inviting people to !
"my first tweet," said new
I'd rather see highlights of Magic Johnson and Jason Kidd in their prime running the break than some dunk from Gerald Green.
and everytime that we ... oh ... im more in love with you.
:D I Can't Go A day without Listening to #BubblegumBoy Love it!!!!!!!!
it's almost like basic instinct but basic instinct is better. If ya haven't seen it get it watched xx
Is TV teaching your child or are you? - Dr. Chuck Wiliams
Any truth to the rumor that Coach Scott has declared today "opposite shooting hand day?"
#FF #Patriots working to correct the error; Obama, our
Good morning! Rain outside and coffee in my mug. Yay!
Prayed over a group of prayer warriors today. Ready to climb the mountain, pray 2 their Lord and come back down 2 take a city in Jesus name.
Meaning…I am old.
: Mark down March 28th - 8PM for my round at with &
Long-time employee killed by #BishopFord Freeway wrong way driver. Story by tonight at 9pm
CINCO DE MAYO
that's my socal cocktail recipe
did you watch #LawAndOrderSVU??? craziness!!!!
Good morning winner! “: Good morning world!”
Q4 Never been to book club. Maybe think of it as a meeting. Start & end on time. Stay on topic. Keep talk relevant. Stay on track.
Congrats Jeremy! “: Hell yea! “ Just won the trade show pitch ($3,500) at the #SSAC. Love you
The Photosynth is very cool!!!
Oh hell yes! some Disturbed and lamb of god!
It's crazy that while everyone's sleeping, the other side of the world is at work and going strong. Crazy how big this world really is
have a good day at school;)
Hey , what time do they stop serving #hodags, I can't remember.
www.TheSportsLand.com is wishing everyone a safe and happy #4thofJuly !
Why don't you place a pic of yourself as your profile pic??
you could change the connotation! My little sister as a baby called me "s." Strange language acquisition, I guess.
true...but I see a Cajun coming in the not too distant future
whoa, not a great launch.
THIS MUSIC GAME IS FUCKIN UGLY
My dad's selling the truck! :(
and he refuse to acknowledge that it was hypocritical despite other heat fans telling him that it was.
Gettin that #FallsCreek volleyball body ready?
ever since 1d my emotions just been idek
It’s Trivia Tuesday: Name the host city for the 2012 Teaching Professor Conference.
- Just now saw you're moving to Amsterdam. What for? Semi-related: I have an old song called "Damster" about my short time there in '92
The Bare Wires we SO GOOD on Thursday!! DAMN!
it will hit you ten times harder than it hit me. One day you will feel my pain.
God loved the world so much that He GAVE....
time is an illusion
Are you drawing me cookie monster? ^_^
Illiud latine dici non potest - You can't say that in Latin
The world is a hurricane and is at the eye of the storm
Dark #chocolate is high in antioxidants. It's good choice for a #Valentine Day gift.
Teenage girl with a rat tail and fanny pack riding a scooter down the sidewalk. Only in Portland is this hip.
If you can't keep a conversation with me when I text you there's no point in talking to me at all !
Phillies win and the #sixers just tied it up.
Apparently my twitter updates are offensive.I would give the finger to those who agree but I am a lady & its a Church day.Have a blessed day
*of course hannah cause i fucking love you
omg yesterday was his candle light vigil and like every one was crying even the principal and his teacher
cool wallpaper! nice video!
Israel wants peace AS SOON AS Muslims give up terrorism and murder of innocents. Isn't that in the Holy Koran or did you forget?
Really wish I didn't have to go back home tonight.
"i wish it were as easy to forget you as it was to love you"
thanks for the love...Makes us happy that you recognize the difference! See you soon
#Word RT If you let people frustrate you through social networks, Then you're not ready for REAL life.
momma mclaughlin in town tomorrow...still cleaning for the event.
Ditto. RT : I am three pages away from freedom and i have nothing left to say.
I started working on a new short called #AGoodFriend :)
i might come in today
It's about time you realized the mistakes you made.
Ugh take a fucking shower ya hippie!!!
In so hungry lol thats that fat stuff
TFP means TIME FOR PRINT!! It's not hard to firgure out! I shouldn't have to wait 6 months for pics! I will not go away until I get my pics!
Who cheated on who now? #cheaters RT : You cheeted on us :'-(
Check out the video I just retweeted.
Hear Ye, Hear Ye: End of Cinderella the REAL album will release NEXT WEEK!!!!!! iTunes to follow.
Fat tweet.
Garrett's Popcorn in ChiTown is off da chain! ...Can't wait to get my fingers orange and sticky. :-)
I bet Messi is crying right now hahaha
Thanks! Done :-)
Cant wait to hear Gus Johnson call the NCAA Tournament this weekend
loved seeing u tonight! Need to repeat this more often!
Good night rain! good night moon!
lost cell phone - panic setting in .... not good ...
How limited is that Ashley Wood Bertie?
Looks like Ron Paul is winning in Iowa. Keep going and bring it home...
YUM X
Wtf what is going on
Is dreaming of a common language today.
WE ARE MAKING THESE!!!!
oops. I'm sorry it made me want to die a little bit. But it being long enough to see your pretty face twice was a plus.
I know it's great!!!
What's this I hear about an avocado with an edible skin???#huh?
cf was humbling today! squat cleans and split jerks...
Let's get to the root of the problem, here. Humor vs. HumoUr. There's another colourful debate.
There is no such thing as a #child who hates to #read; there are only children who have not found the right #book."- Frank Serafini
I'm in one right now at North Bowl. Will let you know when the next season starts.
It feels so weird watching everyone go to lunch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Interesting I write in my profile what I like, people respond and say nice pic... But there not what I like lol
any ideas? RT Tweet ur dorm room recipe in 1 tweet w/ at least 3 ingredients. Submit by @ 2pm EST Fri!
LETS GO NATIONALS!!!
that's what we always do haha
thanks for the Jim Beam. Hope you rip some shit up again tonight!
-Thank you for your bountiful support and for sharing your creative, authentic music. Enjoy your day, luv.
RT : According to NY Times Apple, Microsoft & Google currently sitting on around $90 billion. How about invest some of that in Japan?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: There are two kinds of divorces - the kind that preserves the family's future and the kind that destroys it
I hate when people have spell issuess.
The countdown is on for American Idol. Tune into Fox for an all new eppisode.
No plans this wknd, like always! I have absolutely no social life :(
I would at least said my number was 867-5309
Your opinion doesn't matter enough, that I would stop liking the things I like. So SHUT YOUR MOUTH.
I already got some tho, I keep them nice my vans are wrecked tho
I just bought dayquil & mucinex DM i was taking robitussin but it wasn't cutting it
Might be working with Kirstie Alley shooting a video tonight how awesome!
Well off to school..
child please!! I love the thank you note segments and pros and cons. When ya don't got cable, ya learn to <U+2764>JimmyFallon
Those dang E2s were all ways a bit twitchy.
Thank you. You know why she is pretty? Cause she is so freaking awesome, and she knows it
Stay tuned for our annual benefit program! www.leodys.com
I am so excited for Sister Wives!!!
Since he never touched it, is it really his ball? RT : Bill Buckner baseball from Game 6 of 1986 World Series sells for $418,250
Interested in: ( ) men ( ) women (X) food
heck yes, I'll keep you warm all night :)
-- Hi Kim, sorry for the delay. Responded by email this morning. Can we get on a call?
Thanks for answering my question Stan, unfortunately I missed most of the answer. Anyway, I graduated with honors from AIP
hoping next week will be better..cant for this weekend though!
Wow! What next, Egypt? Which way forward? Please choose wisely for all our sakes.
Cannot wait for my new Cadet to arrive. Love Tom Bihn products.
Here's your nose hoe, I found it in MY BUSINESS!
Glad to hear it's working.
the fact that a small generation of ppl on twittr could be unaware that "Titanic" is historical fiction is an indictment of our times.
I agree
Hi Ruth, my family+friends are ok (they aren't close to Christchurch). The whole country is in shock. Thanks for the well wishes
judging off your looks I'm surprised you don't walk in the room and snatch the attention of everyone.
That would explain SO much. Let's go get or something sometime soon. Or like, go to
I don't know what is less enjoyable, watching the #Pirates try to score a run or being hit repeatedly in the face with a hammer.
At futsol practice, watching Connor do his thing!
“: Are you a fan of #AmericanRestoration? Tune in to HISTORY now.” No it's pure shite.
i get tired of spending money... even more bored making it... #yawn #$plashy
: I wish this chick would get it through her thick skull that I'm not interested. She got a severe case of denial."
just txted you, bud.
Three-Greens Soup with Spinach Gremolata Recipe from Bon Appétit
You are so wonderful...thank you for my birthday shout-out! Also, Greenlake walk after work this week?
I have the bad habit of memorizing excessive amounts of song lyrics. Where do I store that info?
your welcome I guess<3
...cough...cough. keep trying bud. you'll get there.
i'm so lost these days. what the hell is wrong with me
RT : For Pyrotechnic lovers: the Berlin-based band Rammstein lights up BankAtlantic Center, 4/20
Made a late night trip to Meijer for hairspray, saw a local newscaster and (I think) an ex-boyfriend there.
good look show seaport ima young 18 year old from Pittsburgh pa mix on my own show love to Mar thank you....
I can. It would look something like DEAD SEXY. hahaha
Smh. If you don't wanna go to class cause it's raining don't go. But don't think you any kind of legit
Little girl is so excited about her new haircut; she can't stop touching her hair! It's the simple things.
Porn and coffee is always a winner in the morning
This has been SUCH productive day.Must be the post-oscar buzz. Marketing lunch following an EM You are inspiring!
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill rt
Follow me on keek! I'll follow back:D keek.com/claudiamahomie
RT Im gonna need these bigger chics to start investing in spanks, gym, lapband, or something. The sloppy ish is unflattering
Finally going to french comedy in Paris. Oh no, I wish. Paris movie theater in the city.
Getting ready for our first #overflow #getoutoftheboat event in L.A. Cali excited to see what God is going to do!
I would really love some of the people that I gave cards to call me.. Bored, and I want to make some $$.
love the song on Dunn's record girl!
this photo is an obvious fake: he is not holding a beer.
Today is National Teacher Day! Honor our educators and the crucial role teachers play. If you can read,
My boyfriend just asked me what font to use on his letter head, I said #Helvetica. He responded, what's that? This might be a
C'mon 4:30. I'm ready to go the gym...... talkin bout food smh
Off to OSCon in a two-prop plane!
ghosts of girlfriends past :)
Of all the days, you had to pick today to like me? Wow...you're timing is perfect! Ugh
Putting words in other people's mouths.
section 110, row e & the lone person in the stadium wearing a Marquette jersey. I could come meet you anywhere when you're free
i wrote this paper on you and in school this week its about what we all talk about if i met you guys :)
Nice job.
Enjoyn my day its beautiful here in the "D" ( Detroit) and dont let the hype fool u.... Detroit isnt just crime filled...
wth I never saw this post lmao I just saw it now :p
Get creative. Use your waffle iron as a panini maker.
I'm at in Burbank at 8pm!
A little over 48 years left in a shit ass year. I am ready for 2012.
married to the fake plant
go to google and type in "how to make a resume" I'm pretty sure they have some standard fill in the blanks or prototypes avail
depends.. why did u pick a laptop? Lol
AND BOTTOMLESS SODA?!??
Off to the City of Palm Coast's Arbor Day. Come see us at Both #37 for live honey bees, honey & lots of stinging insect nest samples
Pretty happy about Andrew Miller's outing before benching. Mikey teased me about having the dreaded Miller/Blackburn disaster in waiting.
Shout out to Jack Burton for keepin shit real, Lo Pan was clearly a dick
Rock On,Charlie my friend!
Giles's adorableness cannot be defeated!
He can't even bait a hook,he can't even skin a buck,he don't know who Jack Daniels is,aint ever drove a truck. #GottaLoveCountryBoys . <3
Thank you very much
I know and I need to suck on those titties x).Queen Curly. PRINCE WOLFE FLUFFAY AND PRINCESS SCARLET CURLY. IF THERE WAS ONE
Nice..where do I send them too? RT : I think they can ;)
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book ...
#OneWordThatDescribesHer PERFECT. «her : meaning me» :p
we are heading to the studio in December to record a new EP, get hyped.
has to be one of my favorite places to watch a show. That and the roxy
True that!
yes!!! Does it hurt?!
she was great!
Thanks for following . Hope you are having a great day & happy belated Mother's Day!
A woman's power to heal comes from finding meaning as a woman of great worth and inner beauty regardless of what she has experienced.
Less than 26 hours to participate in this week's Treasure Trove Contest on FB! Guess the value of the 18th Cent Brooch for a chance to win!
The moment when you get out of bed to go pee, an it's freakin cold
as;ld'a I can only imagine how much good stuff folks from Ravenswood Manor will be selling
you played basketball with only one arm... i dont think you ever eased OUT of sports
I need summer.
Cold's suck.
Learning about experience of Croatian parliament opening up at
Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, Start.
But knowing me, I'll be ready to hop under the covers once I'm finished getting ready... smh
I'm a big failure I tried to end it yesterday but she came home from work early and found me.
GET MOVING.....What is one step you can take toward a 2012 goal? BE CHOOSEY!
#Royals win 6-3 over the Angels in Anaheim. 1-1 record now.
i just googled 'dingoes' to try and confirm that ur spelling was wrong. lets just say u obviously know your australian wildlife.
you'll be fine. 16 years ago set out to help people trouble shoot mac issues. got only 2 clients. pc? you could set up shop!!! lol
I do agree! eli is hot and so is the whole team. pack had to much pressure on their shoulder's to repeat! it showed
you tweet a lot.
haha seriously! What a bum! Mwuahaa
. is prejudiced against the word "conference" She says "wine" not "bloggers" is the most important word in the #WBC11 name
I know I shouldn't, but a part of me is waiting for you to call and say, "I'm sorry, I miss you. Can we go back to how we used to be?"
well had been crossed off my list! How unfortunate because I was so looking forward to check it out
I so can't wait. I downloaded all the books! Man oh man #GameOfThrones is going to have a crazy season finale!
Rockers were better
I see all you Paris heads up and pop'n over there. Spread some love over here to the states.
I love you too.
I love you to :)
I'm with her right now!! We're having fun! I wish you were here! Nashville trip soon! :)
Lol who are you trying to fool...
It's great seeing TJ contribute without scoring. Makes us unbeatable.
My purpose is to rock Friday, my goal is to clean my glasses so that my vision is clear.
im a pro at back massages haha
words that sound the same but spelled differently ....
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!! us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP
Thank you my love! How are you doing lately? Tell me a story!
I'm always tricked into reading your bio!
"hey let's go check out that house real quick" -pops "and then we can tweet it!!!"-gram she just learned what twitter was 5 min ago..
Turning on the TV but muting it (I'm listening to Springsteen), checking the #WIRecall primary results.
cool freaked me out
Winterhouse & Carwin's Shave Shop will showcase the talents of three local artists and have refreshments for
If you had one year to live what would you do differently Text You the answer- I just met someone who did that and Wow great accomplishments
Dear Emma Ostilly, if you don't want angry 1D fans after you, DON'T TWEET PICTURES OF YOU AND HARRY. It's that simple.
Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole
Thanks! Just downloaded it ;-)
small local biz a working day is a beautiful day! Movers on the go! Have a great day today. NYC
RT : “We can’t have the government in charge of our Internet,” said Rep. John Boehner (R-Assholia), as he voted to do so.
Mars Attacks!
sej is easy!!!
you're welcome, happy day
lmao food coma
you took the Mayorship at Chase Bank.
Cookies shaped like something always taste better .
I will be live tweeting #health2con today and tomorrow! Hopefully I'll see some tech relevant to underserved communities...
With and at #Chanel a very dangerous place for my credit card
we're letting karina play now.. man show interrupted
"Good wine is a good familiar creature if it be well used." -William Shakespeare, Othello
Mamba again!
Screw that "ily" crap. If you really love me, you can spell it out.
agreed. But Tennessee isn't doing itself any favors today. This is painful.
The thing about disrespect is this: mind your own business, stupid.
#helc12 "I tried to drop it in the Dropbox, but it must have missed!"
yo wat u doing tomorrow so i can go to yo apts.
strasburg and votto to much for hamilton? I have a decent 1B in Laroache
Lamborghini mercy, you're chick she so thirsty....SWERVE!!
He's so freakin CUTE WHEN HE PITCHES
Parra finds a way to get out of that mess.
RT : Insurance Benefits For Exercise Programs Can Cut Health Costs, University Of Florida Institute On Aging......
thank you boo :)
tell that to Sting...
Haha, awesome. Just playing around but sounds good.
all the sweetest winds they blow across the south.
early this week is kind of crazy- you wanna grab coffee on Friday a.m.?
you guys were amazing tonight ! Such an awesome show!
#flyers have the types of players I wish the #sabres had.
You think I actually use staples? Hell no
this new thing on Facebook , that says , '' seen at .... ''' whatever time is good. you know if there ignoring you or not. loll
So proud of She helped her HESA program win multiple awards at #VCU Leadership and Service Awards
Randomly joining in when people are singing happy birthday for someone else.
but tania is in bad condition
Ha that's awesome. Love you too!!
Isiah Thomas says this (FIU) is 1st time he's been fired for basketball reasons. I would love a look at his personnel file.
NO GREEN SHOES. Bo.
this is a sign. I shouldn't gamble in Atlantic City this weekend. I'm in disbelief.
...in span of 1.5 months? This makes my brain hurt. RT ": FACT: Padres are 1st team to beat Roy Halladay twice in one season since 2009"
And to everyone making disgusting generalizations about people from NC: please keep talking about 3/4 of my family, I really appreciate it.
you her cousin? tell Celeste "I love her " :) and can she follow me ?
sounds like a plan!
I did get root beer and vanilla ice cream though.
hey it's me lois, my old account has been hacked x( please follow me back. thanks :)
I thought Az gov. was justified with the new immigration policy. They have to do something to curb the increase in crime from illegals.
FACT! Thank god for them and hot Robbie
Very sad to hear about the death of Steve Jobs tonight. That man deserved no snark, none at all.
Or the Alaskan Klee Kai? Though I think my favorite is the Altiplano Chinchilla Mouse, because the collective noun is a "mischief"
Michigan does not have a higher police conduct rate than the national average.
im down! Lets do it.
Healthy hair would like to wish all twitter friends a safe 4th of July
Final speakers at Media Symposium: Reps Stacey Abrams and Brooks Coleman.
RT : "Believe in something larger than yourself." - Barbara Bush
thank you buddy.
what part of Seattle Bro? Where do you Packer Bar?
Are you planning on reading the whole trilogy, if you can tolerate the first? It seems a lot of people read just the first.
Real good too! Like larussa said. RT : just as long as they go up and in on pujols
#WWDC needs a #bsides just like the information security community
how do you guys go from Ratchet Girl Anthem to Low? Lol
Be #uncommon. Spend time w/ God today. Start w/ a couple of minutes of no phone calls, no interruptions. Then increase your time together.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
amazing game!!! #warriors #boss <3
<U+2605>Goodnight, Everyone! It's 12:06 a.m so I guess it's time to Go to bed! :^D (Z)
Have you found anything out about who the choppers are looking for?
stay thirsty my friends
Grandma loves the grey doves-
your site's down and Android app isn't syncing data. Just so you know.
hangin for a bit then work 12-close.
and section 412 of the US Patriot Act permits indefinite detention.
Hey Everyone How Yall Doing??
Thanks, bud. :)
It's a theory so it's not proven! RT : It amazes me, the misconceptions people have surrounding #evolution :-S
that reality is still scaring me! Thanks for the response.
some what
Not the greatest day - weather wise - for a Grand Opening but the show will go on!
Just arrived at the Jackson's MMA Sites VI press conference
love your cubies hat btw! At least your rocking the right team!
I don't have a problem w/ republicans but what i do have a problem w/ is them trying to raise taxes on the middle class.
o u gunna be aight? & when did u get a bf?
I miss you more!
Chinese food sounds bomb af
This weather is great..can it stay like this for awhile
Pressure is on Verlander. CC is not supposed to beat JV so a W is all gravy to CC/Yankees...
No biggie, Terri! :-)
just pencil, but it's edited to make it look cooler..
#20ThingsILove my phone(:
Took all my strength to resist. . .
Good win
really glad you liked it Lars Fasel. the sulfite's at an absolute minimum DM me an email and i'll send you all the
hey! my two favorite things: Sporting KC and The Church of Lazlo!
I don't mean that in a bad way, it's just...Tam Tams, they just scream "Pesach," you know?
Today at 12 in the WRC (McElroy 141) learn How to be an Ally. Merkert 127 at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is a filming of Precious.
Another must-follow #legal tweep is
What is this wet stuff threatening to mess up my makeup? Didn't know I'd be this emotional!
Hope everyone's having a great day :) Get outside and enjoy some summer tonight.
u r fighting the good fight!
Shouldn't have come back to work...
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
The Jersey Shore crew: , , ,
“: In order to see His glory you must get to the place where you say not my will but yours oh Lord! - Nathan Morris”
do you need us to lower the crawl rate or stop crawling all together?
Eww, most of the time if a female smells bad, that means they got something! Eeeewwwww
Permission to Lift Light
This 15 brings me stress and pressure. Im just waiting for the dance to start.
My school won out track meet:)
#ff even more #austin #film #aff11 local coverage.
don't die plz!!
That double eagle in the Masters was sick! Anybody else see that? <U+26F3>
All rainy days do is make me wanna curl up on my couch and sleep
Yeah, wasn't totally sure what people thought about it. Thanks.
You win.
Oh the joys of Web2.0 presentation tools
#TextsThatLeadToSex I make money want some
Rent Money !
If it never would have ended the way it did, I wonder where we would be.
Hey, crowd. Online photo editing recommendations? photoshop.com is clunky. picnik.com is pretty nice. Others?
we swear you'll love it :)
thats why i have them tattooed on me! :) <3
The boys dance... Omfg...
RT : Got a question? Use the hashtag #AskGovSnyder and I will post video responses
Eli manning is a comic genius
#250DollarsCanGetYou 10 sloppy back alley blow jobs in vegas!
It's hard to cook on #humpday! Let us cook you dinner and we'll make it easier for you to get over that hump!
I go to Miami Hamilton :) so no we didn't make it
Yep! RT : Ha! RT Bruce Wyman, digital strategy speaker at #MW2012 by day, closeted auctioneer by night.
Amen to that. Sand doesn't taste good either. And it's hot. And gets in my sandwich at the beach.
Thanks for the library retweet. I really couldn't hold back a snicker when she said that.
RT if your watching the #Tribe play??
I emailed you! We leave but maybe later lunch/coffee?
We hope everyone had a great week at #NAFSA11, great to catch up with old friends and make new friends and contacts from here and abroad!
The suspension design also improves rear isolation and enables the use of 20-inch wheels on the MKT
If her tattoo washes off in the shower..
Hooray for fall mornings!
RT : BREAKING: Whitney Houston's cause of death was accidental drowning; heart disease & cocaine use listed as factors...
Now hiring. Great company seeking Online Marketing Coordinators. Work from home. Great compensation plan. Get the details here...
Tim Tebow is a #joke. He really must have jesus looking down on him cause everything he does is a miracle. he gets so lucky and its bullshit
I'm gonna take a nap, if I don't wake up until tomorrow morning, I'm ok with that.
#WhatILoveMost Having people around me that actually care.
Meek be that nigga !
I'll see what I can do :) Or if they need extra help, I'd be all for working it, too. Haha
You can do a hard reset yourself. The instructions are on the last page of the guide book. Tweet us if you need more help :)
Guys I have to be honest, I like this guy, he's like SUPER cute, and he sings amazingly. His name? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
weak ass niggaz!
Kicking off the 2012 HR Management Conference - Jack Daly - Corporate Culture: Is Yours By Design or Default?
20 Times Im Gunna Hit U In The Face!!!! :))
What a clusterfuck of a nonproductive day.
good thanks. can i get ur opinion on something?
"...our everyday social practices render the world publicly available and mutually intelligible." - L. Suchman, Human-Machine Interaction
Perlstein's Before the Storm
Best line of the nite "why can't be your honey bunny butt pie?"
yea you do that lol
hehe thanks anne!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Glad to hear you liked the winning entry! A wonderful and insightful depiction of Brooklyn life.
#That akwardmoment when your principal curses •_°
I am really looking forward to our first time.
he always fake on yall plans
Redoing the red in my hair
Nah, can't make it. I'm bummed. If we get hot, we can win it. We haven't played two complete halves of basketball yet.
I know the plans I have for u declares the LORD, ‘plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. Jeremiah 29:11
They are not taking on abortion funding, they are cutting off life-saving cancer screenings and birth control to those most in need.
where are you going? Sounds like you should have taken the bus!
Thought of putting a message in a bottle with my # in the ocean but w/my luck all I'd get is a call from som1 yelling to stop littering
Late for class. Grrrr.
Thanks for coming to the forum last night and for shooting us some questions!
Smoking mirrors can speak lies when you stare at them
Adele with Andersen Cooper. She's amazing.
My server has 105 updates to install
sure thing. I'll DM you my cell.
how was your Christmas?
God sent me a text! It's called The Bible.
Congratulations to my basketball hero Larry Bird, Now an executive of the year. Quite possibly the greatest basketball IQ of all time.
It going down tonite homies at club 91 dem swagg boyz bout to get blasted
our injury karma is being distributed. Curse over we hope, please. :-)
but u said she has none so what u doing?
I love the design, but I would also tweak some things. I'm still not 100% sold on WP7, but maybe once I get hands-on time...
and some pretty good mustard...
Hey Calle 8, can you follow us back?
GOOD MORNING SAN DIEGO!!
Holy shit, I'm excited for today. #MarvelMarathon - my first legit movie marathon - will be starting soon!
I love you!!! You're so sweet!
Where do you live?
victory through destruction - goodbye SBJSON
Wish you had a twitter so you could see that status was about you.
now I'm in Boston & proud to live in a great city in a great country! But when I am abroad I embrace the country I am in.
Visiting my local ghettomart!
Off to the bunk for my final!!
I usually have success on craigslist! :)
yes. Yes I did. & I'll probably do a fb post later. I have to cover every source. Lol
Aw. Thanks, dude.
“: Chicago's great.” Duh biatch
Just got the new xoom tablet and love'n it
I'd smang Sage with rigorous intent and gusto
Loving life
you should kick down a cubicle wall
Despite getting rear-ended, overall it was a great two days in Austin.
oh okay, congrats on dominating that final, keep it up...
hell yeah!
oops. Did I invite you at all? Do you need one. I also did not call you again yesterday...
thats fine . i can leave early sat morning
I'm so tired but I've got all three kiddos today so no nap for me!!
I'll probably go that day too and Wednesday lol
"I'm done" RT : Who wants a Shoutout or Follow back? Follow ( Retweet & Tweet me "Im done")
Your lips
I wonder if Louis CK and Lena Dunham's success will give rise to more auteur-ish shows.
": I hate girls that tell their friends everything. When you date one of them, they all know your shit."<---this is the worst -.-
well you obviously failed. LOLOLOL
watching "the fighter" sorry but i dont recomend it.
We are working on figuring this out right now! RT : I'm curious: what makes a good one person play successful?
To lead the people, walk behind them. ~Lao-Tzu
Geithner's message..the economy is improving,but still has a ways to go.
"The value of social media comes down to people, relationships, and the meaningful actions between them."
It's weird, processed foods taste bad to me now too. Eggs & nuts are my fast food. Dark chocolate & wine are my fav. indulgences.
Yes, but I'll live
Enjoying the #ReutersWebinar on #socialmedia and #journalism. Social media is another tool, good stories rely on real reporting!
AMAZING IDEA! Search for blogs using your keywords, offer images in exchange for photo (link) credit, says
dl'd ur special fucking fantastic accidentally bought it twice looks like drinks are on me dick
really ppl grow up throwing tampons really look how immature you are !
Joggin Heavy soakin up a tan for awhile and then it ends up stormin after .
Look for the Sunday Funnies tomorrow they are supposed to be 9/11 themed. #9/11
Anyone have any great monologue suggestions? Need two for an exercise I'm doing with my amazing mister boss man.
Surprise! #PIPC - representing pharma and device orgs - opposes research on the costs of #healthcare in #PCORI priorities document
Come on, let's get the lineups out
Investigating changes to STAT!Ref and McGraw-Hill medical packages.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. ~Albert Schweitzer
Late lunch with the kids and tasty
Rainy Day Token Special on sale now!!
Idk I'm driven by the opportunity to wear jeans! Hmm hit certain numbers, we can rock jeans.. I'm throwin it out there lol
it's Nicole from "Good Day for It" and this is my web series!! Hope you'll follow us!
Go Dawgs and go ! We were there all day #BarkingforBubba!!
word of d day PEE PEE
Thanks for coming in today! It was great meeting you and Joe!!
Fml everything hurts right now
You're stellar, my twitter friend! :)
Chris Meloni is the cutest man ever. I can't even.
Y0UR A BiG MiCHAEL JACKS0N FAN?
I'll take you up on a beer anytime!
kind of muggy in la= me wishing to be back in CT just for a weekend.
gotta make life colorful :-)
awesome, can't wait to see them
you've always got worms...
Wisconsin vs. Nebraska picks? Mine is Wisconsin.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool You cant stand.
Strangely enough, reading posts from other people who dislike open floor plans has actually made me like them a bit more.
I hate when I'm sitting at the gas pump and people are just standin there talking! Like, do you not see me waiting here!
It's amazing how quality toilet tissue can change your entire day!
I forgot for a moment, and in that moment it was good
Today is the last chance to see 'Never Let Me Go' -- a lovely filmic lament on love and mortality -- 35mm (at least for quite awhile).
will u follow for my birthday
besides u still need to train to be the board
RT : Yea! ... Pumped up to meet Juan from and at for a nice cold one!
Facebook is like prom pic central right now
Let's GO #LAKERS, beat the #ZombieSonics, aka Oklahoma City Thunders!
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well-V.W.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
QoTD: "Your temper is like a fire. It gets very destructive when it gets out of control." (Unknown)
So... I heard the new Rihanna and CB songs. I must say... I'm not really impressed. I know most of u ppl are but I just can't get with it
": Newt Gingrich fails to file in time, won't appear on Missouri ballot" LOL!!!
After all these years, still believe everyone needs a coach. Get in on my special b4 day's end.
Library snapshot day is tomorrow. So you know. Go to your library, see what they're doing. :-)
CITY GEAR IS YOUR LAUNCH SHOE HEAD QUARTER!!! 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Thanks & for the #FF! You guys rock!
I turned on the radio after the gym in hopes of hearing Mumford & Sons "Little Lion Man"...played 30secs later =)
Samba anyone? J.R. Martinez confirmed for #ala12's Closing General Session on 6/26 at 9:30 am!
shoot for the moon and even if you miss you'll end up with the throngs of people trying to get in outside.
What did the lil corn say to mom corn? Where's popcorn!?
just as funny and raunchy as ever. U gotta see it : )
i just learned to read too, who wrties that trash?
I don't want to see one more cookie, cupcake or brownie for a while.
and you were in from justin to Kelly too!!!! :)
are we adding this to our site?
- What is the deeper scoop on your #Windows8 Team at #MEGA #StartupWeekend? Any Tablet #DEMOs ?
Finally! RT MT A word that rhymes w/ orange! Sporange: a rare alt. form of sporangium, botany term for spore case.
Seriously you can't ppl!!! ": You can't trust every smile you meet."
Kiddo interrupts my explanation of how a couple gets into NYT Vows section:"so basically someone kinda famous + a golddigger?"
Driving with the widows down and blasting my music
Rowing lightweight four look on the bright side
#20KWin The North Face
Just tapped, No Equal Sounder's Amber Larger (replaces Anderson Valley Boont Amber Ale)
Sorry I haven't responded to everyone's tweets. I'm on vacation time. Happy Holidays. Sending love out to a dear friend. U know who you are.
Running out of my mind.
It's probably better that way to be honest! :)
MT Guillermo Mayer : 5 basics for transit & social justice-make it: cheap, often, close, easy to use & safe
My mom is gonna buy me ticket to 1D's concert We cant afford VIP and it stinks but i get to see you guys in concert<3 you
"Greet Rufus, chosen in the Lord, and his mother, who has been a mother to me, too." --Romans 16:13 (NIV)
How can anyone top that? I quit (everything)! Thanks a lot
Germany = no fresh fish
I'm so sad I broke up with my bf because he lied to me about him being him my heart is broken I loved him I feel incomplete :,(
Top of the morning world.. #CopTop from sunshine
The random people are the best people ever
You can't stop 'em, you can only hope to contain 'em!
Yes what did I already tweet
Are we inviteDD? #challengingtopic RT : Welcome to another episode of #Foodiechats Where are U Eating & Tweeting from tonight?
Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America by Barbara Ehrenreich -- Mary's
It surprises me how hateful people still are.
Im sure you've been hearing it from tons of people all night, but awesome show Freddie!
;)* I wanna kno more about U .
Enjoyed eating tasty food and soaking up the ambiance w/ #DerekFleming at #RedRoosterHarlem. #Travelistas in Harlem with
RT": Its funny how we try to move on and at the same time hold on.."
i did not. I'll have to check that out.
Thanks, will do!
This June 23, 2010 I will be receiving the Colorado Bar Association's Lance Butler Award in the Workers Compensation Section.
thank you!
there can be multlple clusters across distances replicated over WAN, using a contert router on cluster manager
home business based
Transparency is a fundamental tenant of democracy if it's 2 b the Govt of the ppl
Today already don't look good .
So true
Why take pics of yourself if they all the same pose???
Any chance your RailsConf keynote is available online?
Turkey and Friends 100 mile Bike challenge 2010! Lead by , if anyone is interested in joining please let us know asap!
Off to the annual day after Thanksgiving parade with Coleen and the boys. Julie and Flynn are joining us! Then football- Go Ducks!!
Craig Bellamy, you beautiful, neckless man!
Someone bring me a SHHNACKK
Hahahaha you would. I love you
TY, I appreciate it :)
Good morning, tweeps! The week is almost over!
Stressed at the moment! We've got tickets available at our site- www.elbybrass.com! Also, CD prob. at the end of July- www.3sgiants.com!
you never did anything .. What money ? Lmao all you did was for ari. And Tammy and my mother might have asked not me
ok ma I got you ;)
#wherecamptb2012 getting some hot coffee for #Unconference today, starting at 10am.
My prayers go out to the people in Brazil.
haha ooh! Nice. I definitely did not know that. :)
Miles of DISD: Hence...We need our teachers to get results in classroom. Not who shows up to the basketball game, brings cookies.
IS SO SEXY
"But that was just a dream, and this is what it means, we are sleeping and we'll dream forevermore."
lol No its not fat!
Once again, Lynn Breedloves car service #Homobiles gets me to the church on time. If you live in SF, give em a call! 415.574.5023.
someone tell Fallon because we need a fill-in then...
I think it rocks. I have nothing to do with the quote about god though.
When working with a video production company, find one who will design your video and plan all the important production elements.
I know I spent my whole time there on I didn't even play lol-_-
Just saw the picture that abc released of the back of Zimmerman's head after the altercation
Another pair of tickets to the I Love Pub Crawls coming up shortly after 2pm today on Whip's show. $50 dollar value for FREE
ah yes! thank you!
If I was your boyfriend never let you go
The man did a lot for the city, which is why I like him, and was sad to see him leave the D. He's proving he needed a change.
I want 150,000 apps to choose from
Looking forward to heading to Las Vegas tomorrow for a Conference on Asset Protection at Ceasars Palace!
yeah understandable, thanks for responding
Goodnight world. Sleep tight. Be careful about people like me who sleep walk and talk in their sleep. Disturbing us could be dangerous.
Preview Thursday. The gallery will be open from 5:45 to 7:30. Come check out The Party's Over
If you don't want to fall, stop walking where it's slippery.....SIN....
Gertken: Ireland wanted a national bank 3 years before
Oh, the junk foods! They speaketh so sweetly...
Came To the doctors, having some weird health issues.
I am the Lord your God, who upholds your right hand, who says to you, "Do not fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
Air Farce team spent 3 hours signing books at the launch of their new book Air Farce: 40 Years of Flying by the seat of our pants
I will come to NYC just to jack u up
How long will you be gone!?!
Dammit theres light outside..guess i better get outta vampire mode go workout and pay some bills......................
We're about to hit the road to Waco. We might need to get some rain ponchos or something. Stupid weather.
what does the Fyf in your name mean?
lol have fun
facebook me @ toninkajj
It's 12 where I live so..... #HAPPYBIRTHDAYAUSTIN!!Lots of #MahomieLove right here I Love You Austin!Have a majestic Bday<3
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen is that you should not throw up on a ride with your boyfriend near you
Justin made a twitter.
amazing few days for performance/dance here in the district of columbia. exhibits A-E will follow as proof for nonbelievers.
I can't watch reruns of Friends anymore. Don't know why. And yeah, I used to watch reruns of Friends.
Thanks for the RT!
In the middle of "Joy To The World" at church decides "this song has pretty weak rhyme schemes"
a 14 year old girl from #Spencerport committed suicide because of bullying 2 days ago. So sad.
*Specials Today*Buy 5 UV TANS and get 2 FREE! Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! HUGE EVENTS at the El Cajon and Hillcrest salons tomorrow!!!
Enjoyed the #Boston , now time for #summer camp sign up for the
when does spring training start for you?
When mental energy is allowed to follow the line of least resistance and to fall into easy channels, it is called weakness. - James Allen
same to you child...be careful NYE with all these loose hoes and shady negros out here...keep it 100 sugar...
Ever since you said 'make that change' I have Man In The Mirror by MJ stuck in my head.
#3wordsforyou los angeles clippers
Because my son will think I'm the coolest Mom on the planet and he'll share with all his #facebook friends
Doug? Rugrats? RT : not a fan of hey dude...
Derby Day! Have fun everyone!
Right? Bugs, snakes, raccoons the size of small horses!!! Yikes!!!
I know ... kinda surprised. Then again not. No $ right?
“: Our tour is being led by ! Give him a follow! #MNEarthDay” he's a great guy!
Oh dear student at #MPOW. I am sorry that you feel unwell, but PLEASE try to cover your mouth when you cough 10 yards from my desk!
Why do people find memes so funny?
I would not put it past him AT ALL. He needs professional help.
For his rookie hazing, he should have to get off the bus wearing a santa claus outfit.
you home for the summer?
cant wait for #raw :D y did do wat he did to cm punk last nite?watchin family guy:D cant wait for :D
#askmadonna I look forward to seeing you in Miami!
H&M Confess To Using Computer Generated Model Images In a society where size and body conciousness is at an all time high, it's perhaps n
Watching a PhD defense is simultaneously inspiring and terrifying.I need to get my act together and be awesome like my friends! Soon enough.
LOOKIN 4 NETWORKING THE#ATLANTA AREA
Thanks for the shout out!
Got some great news this afternoon that had nothing to do with car insurance...Let the good times roll!
all you have to do is call 754-300-YKMD, great rates
$2 pints of Schlitz and RW Stein. $3 micro pints. 2-4-1 wells. What a great day to spend with me at 3007 s K.K. Blackbird
who in the world would know. I'm sure even himself didn't know.. Lol that's Metta though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I'm sad but it is what it is
I can't figure out instagram to save my life right now. Lol I just need a break
haha yes! Good call, you been a victim too?
Hey -- Thx for the follow!
“: Linkin Park only makes hits” truth. But their best is still The Hybrid Theory. Beginning to end I never have to skip a track
I got a callout from Susanne Markgren as embedded writer & fellow at center. Woohoo!
Enjoying the HS/HSL holiday party! Great foods, great colleagues, and I won the chocolate basket!
61 Yard Rush By Green-Ellis!
Tonight 6 pm. Susan Bauer-Wu, Emory nursing professor and expert in mindfulness at the Carlos.
New year, new (alliterative) adventures. Next on the docket: bhutan, bombay, belize, bathurst & brittany. And that's just the first 6 months
Seeking: Linux Systems Administrator for NYC trading firm, configuration of Linux, set up and maintain low latency trading servers, SAN and…
TWITTERPLAY Lights up. Sandwich. S- But what is my purpose? Man enters. S- Crap. Man eats Sandwich. Man feels fulfilled. Lights.
#Boston - #76ers series is boring... Waiting to see who the will play in the Western Conf. Finals #Thunder or
I'm guessing bullet proof vest?
I forgot to mention how kearnonthekolb can't take kolb at 12 -- he needs marshall and wayne at the 12/13 turn
It's Friday the 13th all right. My computer crashed and I lost my ISP. 47 miles later I'm back onlline. . .
“: happy birthday to so old and wise” thankya <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I like his work. He came to ACA a few years ago.
Vida Guerra is the new Brand Ambassador for Steel Fuel Energy Drink - stay tuned for upcoming events!
If you really know basketball CJ Hill (Westfield HS) is an absolute player!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil .. Well you are Cute .. But you have an Ugly personality .. So you're Ugly to Me!
Will try our best!
My birthday is in one more month, on TWO ONE! cant wait!
guy: so what do you do for fun? me: dance guy:cool, and? me:*thinks hard* dance
MT : "I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera
My phone battery last longer than some relationships in our school.
what happened to
The first 3 men just arrived.
any word on your car?
M bop!
good food, great company!
the scam in SD is all electric and water is overcharged. solar or water if u try to escape the utilities they charge u!!
It's funny how much a decent night's sleep can improve one's mood.
Dnt be scared shake dat ass wit yo thick ass....do a trick on the dick wit yo thick ass.....
Ugh didn't finish my h.w imma start rite now!!!
happy holidays...free tacos for everyone!!!
RT : Get some girls and bring them to me word to - recruitment 101
Welcome to high school, where a girls confidence drops faster than a slut dropping on her knees when a guy asks for a blow job.
HAHA will do. Thanks for clearing that up for me
Yessir.. In there like swim wear
Alex fouls out, McNeese at the line, up 57-55...w/1:14 to go
When you begin each day anticipating something good, God is able to arrange things in your favor.
Thanks for following:
Watching a video of Wynton Kelly and John Coltrane at Waterloo Records in Austin Airport
Not all data has a point, but all stories do. Collect wisely.
Yes it is. :) Thank you. xD
me either. something very small and most likely on my foot. but I'm down to do it before I change my mind haha
that's not the right one. Sorry:( mine is : 14, and I love drake like a fat kid lives doughnuts<U+270C>
Good morning tweeps!!! I'll be live on with and (maybe) at 6:15!! (no chuck!)
Btw, I'm not mad at OKC. This is their year. Lakers management doesn't deserve a ring this year. OKC will never catch Kobe's 5, so all good.
In My Place- Coldplay
S/O A #MUSTFOLLOW SHE B ON IT!!!!
makes anything look good. I don't stan for many but good grief I will stan for her! Run Lo Lo! Run!!!! :p
One of my biggest pet peeves is mfs hitting me up on bs. Don't txt me if you're not talkin about shit please
Home sweet home! Good to be back in Texas for a few days.
An incorrect description. It was an independent PAC. Unfortunately, the candidates have no control over these.
Thank you for bringing #cltgrok together... Really enjoyed it! Looking forward to the next event.
Online organizing has not and cannot replace community organizing. It enhances it.
Before I was adopted, my name was Patrick, so process that in your own way.
IM STILL #GRIZZNATION, WHOOP WHOOP.
YOU SLUT!!!
But my favorite things are things I don't need---Ayn Rand
"Local governments need to engage citizens in solving the problems in their own communities." ~NYC Mayor at #ncvs 2010
Watch out for the #panther!
A Carolina chickadee was hanging out with me for a while in the yard, and then a Carolina wren stopped by. Cool.
Ive been slackin... i need to start doin my hair and makeup,,, i am a Cosmetologist after all... I need to look the part.
New 1080P Apple TV is in stock at Millersville & Lanham. Get 'em while they are in stock. We sold out our last batch!
thanks for the retweet!
So excited to be working on this webseries with such amazing people!
Thick juicy Lips Are Always BOMB.! ;]
Big One Day Sale at Mari Ari 30%-50% OFF...May 5th
First impression of AMR's CEO: Boring and a bit depressing.
U 2 Tom, congrats on Cisco Live mention, and thx for being a blogger.
If you are out and about for first Thursday stop into the Pearl store and check out the team member art on display! Until 9pm
it's on netflix, you should deffinately watch it. its crazy but so good!
They look great. :)
My boys in are promoting two new bands with free music! Check out and if you like metal!
HA...ha..hu....suit yourself.
my god! What must it be like in Houston?. . . Said the former Aggie.
that tiffany girl is in fucking 3rd. idk why this bothers me so much.. wait yeah i do. its not fair mer.
mesquite? Rt ": Now i'm in the mood to dance, wheres my cute cowboy! lmao"
When Ryan Adams Segues into Salt-N-Pepa: A Journey Through my iTunes.
i would like me some bum all night long ;)
The Pleasure Zone is POPPIN' OFF! Wizz Kid is throwing it down! <3 Dick's
…The things you said to me are playing over & over in my Head
McDonalds run... It's gonna be a long night in the studio!
Delayed does not always mean denied
I'm on a plane to NYC
Hm, I'm not as good at those as you but it probably had something to do with drinks, cotton candy, and Cindy's cleavage.
RT : Looking forward to kick-off of #Envision in NY today with - great social change films + discussions...
how did he get that off? SHIT!
Wish my soul was at peace. Wish my mind could meet sleep.
'Why yes, I also take dic - cough break - tation' - awkward moment in a gay stenographer's life who has the flu.
so sad my BlackBerry battery is about to die as I go into a candidates forum
lol I was guna go but my ass was tired from the night before. Lol
NFLNetwork debating AlexSmith being a gay manager.So what if he's gay, & who care's if he can manage.What? oh GAME MANAGER! my bad
Yess. Fun night. 7 followers. Good day.
Is there a mass exodus out of #pdx this morning over the #Ross Island bridge? Wow. Those people will wait forever. Traffic was horrendous!
oh man that's a bummer!! I love those sneakers!
Yeah bro, I got back to free styling again about 4 months but procrastinated on writing until last night when God said its time
Let the shaking begin in Big Brother! Vote for Jeff Coup d' etat! cbs.com info to call HG's leave msgs.
great job, very informative and honest! Thank you!
man, Lisa Salters moved out the way quick!
Great post! Need to remind ourselves to take care of selves & define boundaries. That often requires help from others.
Good morning pplz. I got WAY 2 much sleep last nite...tgif!
Preciate everyone for the birthday wishes and for comin out 2 party wit me....shout out & for partyin and showin a mex luv
I have the disabled rocking chair ...
#Imagine Austin Face timing with you.
Dude visited Ethiopia on Bizarre Foods. What's bizarre is that Ethiopia is known for not having food.
downtown nashville
Exercise finished, the warrior awaits his bride in the lounge, comfortably seated in a leather couch, watching espn and longing for a beer
there's still time! ; )
are you guys gonna be on warped this year?
cupid done shot my ass
Sleeping n dreaming.
I HEAR YA, GIRLY,
My new chili pepper plants are flowering like mad! Nothing like home-grown food!
So today I officially started working on the beatsheet for my (still) Untitled screenplay :)
": The Show must go on at tonight !! Mix live !!
fuck boy where are you
Nice Shoulders n Legs Workout toay with ' ! Looking forward to tomorrow's workout!
It is so good! I am pretty sure you'll love it.
You no the story bhout to be good when it start off with.... So This Bitch....
Was NOT a fan of tonight's ep of #GameofThrones Joffrey is so evil. He makes me sick :/
I know you don't spank that's why you fuck white girls!
I am helping with the "Chefs for Sharing" program this December. Text SHARE to 80888 to donate $10 & get a soup #recipe!
she's too cute!!!
WHAT A JERK
Strong but not nightly sellouts. Ask me again next year... RT How is attendance at new Marlins Park?
legit. Hopefully we can make it to the east coast some time soon as well! What do you crazy kids do out there for fun?
Happy Earth Day everyone! Do something green today... Then make it a habit :-)
me mom isn't going to buy me tickets I'm so upset right now :( :( :( my life is over!!!D:
If your not blind take your sunglasses off in the bar!
Random fact #8 #28 on billboard social 50chart Follow me!
"using this puppet, tell me about the pain you experienced in childhood."
Crazy wind. Hope more tornadoes aren't coming.
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
dude was awful.
Kagan confirmed as Supreme Court Justice
Just saw the movie, everyone walked out holding hands....
RT : Sushi outbreak linked to India and good reminder of why import controls needed, Smith Dewaal says.
Dead phone no power...
Yes the only ray of sunshine for The Colts is Powers a pic 2 weeks in a row
so w/ the $$$ taken from Dal & Was how much do they have in cap? how much was taken?
I love traffic
thanks!! Yes I'll def stop by this weekend to celebrate :)
thanks! hope to see others start using this software too- good for audience engagement
Now I understand...
Grrrrrrl! You KNOW I'll gave a GOOD night.
if only you were in atl you could watch me get weird out solo tonight!
Happy Birthday!
Drink Clean & Go Green! RT this full msg from by 12/7 for a chance to win 1 out of 50 $25 C2G giftcards!
Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO.
Chandler arts project doomed by lack of finances The sole applicant was unable to get private funding for the ARTyard project.
She did an AMAZING job playing Effie!! I just saw #TheHungerGames last night and loved it!
I like my new profile pic I shot for Facebook.
Been Out All Day...
the weatherman can't always be right. Then you wouldn't have anyone to blame
did it have a mustache??
- no idea but I nominate "tattoo sock"
Cause He Anit Beatin It....Out The Fame Like He...#PoseTo!!
#Usability is an integral part of #UX, but it's not everything. Experience is holistic.
Going to the Bucks game in Denver tonight. Reppin' the jersey fasho. Showing Denver how to get down.
Thanks for the follow!
The Cows have discovered that hooves and small buttons don't mix. No worries though! Your coffee is brewing and waiting just for you.
Here at New Hope South about to lead worship to this awesome youth group!
Porsche Tennis Grand Prix 2012 Here is the promotional video for the upcoming Porsche Tennis Grand Prix tournament in Germany. The tourna
#Tebow was just named NFL's 95th best player by peers on 4th-Rndr, really? fleeced again!
Kaakako Next Step shelter looking for prepared food donations
Looking for something to do tonight? Resident JR Russ is singing w/ this evening at Lisner, 8pm.
The friendly gentleman at Silver Spring and Marlborough nails the homeless crossing guard ever ready for a snap blizzard look. Every. Day.
no! hey at least you've got a year?
#SMTips: Planning holiday travel? Many airlines, including southwest & AA, are having fare sales that end today! Book before midnight.
of course I remember you. How are you?
Thanks Dee
You learn something new every day. Today: Jack Black was a Bobby McFerrin groupie. Yes, the Don't-Worry-Be-Happy-Bobby-McFerrin.
God is a never ending living process of self realization. Reverend Horton Heat tonight!
Take a look at yourself in the mirror. Who do you see looking back? Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
Q1: (1 of 2) On heels of Seau death, fmr NFL QB Kurt Warner commented he would have reservations about sons playing football
So far I heard that Abrusci's Italian in Cherry Creek, the Entire Menu is Gluten-Free--which is awesome! I'm craving pasta!
Scaring the SHIT out of when she comes to the door >>>>
Just left Ufc fan nation. Awesome experience. The fighters were real cool.
Those Eyes...
That awkward moment when someone says ”you two should go out!” & you're just standing there like ”...I wish...”
Don't feel too bad. I've yet to read Harry Potter!
I should probably stop waiting till the day of scheduling to fill out my schedule
Thank You!!! it was a great day and I threw it down with my kids all day :-)! Hope your week goes well!
That's cool! :) Umm I have my sisters gradation party this Saturday and then just church on Sunday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> Thanks for asking! :)
ok nascar remember we got light so lets do daytina 500 night racing :)
Have I said that I really love my iPad? I'm sure I have, but I just wanted to say it again.
when your computer acts ( politically correct equivalent of " retarted " ) and you want to chuck that shit out the window -_________-
WordPress LTR features fine pieces by & among many other fine folks.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Matrix. <-- i took the wrong fuckin pill.
You should make some! Secret = use fat milk
ha ya wanna know something .... It's about 30 Here and snowing :( Lmfao
I'm successful because I'm willing to do what the next guy won't!
is officially a hack outfit anymore. They are just absolute crap.
nice headphones
Your not funny, your actually really annoying
u are hot. what is the 18 for?
Get a free 6-track sampler of The Girl With Th
thanks for the support <3 we followed you back
Ok cool, I'm down to one +k, so we can ping pong for a little bit
My 101s don't appreciate Feynman as much as they should.... :-(
From the suburbs of NYC to the suburbs of DC in 5 hours. I live a quiet life.
thanks! Best $20 I've spent on the kitchen
Everyone else is intent on going to war in Iran Gingrich Romney Santorum Obama It appears Ron Paul is the only one able to receive my vote
When Justice is sociopolitically constructed it often distorts the image Of God & humanity. Because it is subject to human wimps & caprices
#ImSingleBecause my man get on my last nerve
Would love to chat w you about this. Looking at implementing in my market.
Rely of the #FDA compliance programs with insight on the code of federal regulations all free online very basic yet effective for your team
Tried to hit up the UPS store tonight, to box up our food, and send it Oregon, for when we get there; but it was closed when we got there :/
Thank you Phoenix Jones for protecting us from those evil nike- wearing Black Bloc anarchists.
: hey butt butt! wyd
Blowing up the timeline of anyone on twitter at 6:30 AM >
At 16th and Stout where janitors that work for Commercial Cleaning are leafletting about unfair working conditions.
I've gotten over 100 texts in the past 20 minutes hahah
you can get scrapple in #Seattle! Delivered to your door! www.westcoastscrapple.com
Just set up at in #Louisville. Art gallery and music starts at 8. Come out!
GAB has certified recalls for 4 Senators. Elections will be May 8, June 5.
Charlie Sheen is the only choice to play Coach Cal in a movie!
You're all fucking idiots. You don't know anything about Osama Bin Laden and you all just believe whatever the government tells you too.
Really now?? “ Face Down...”
311 miles to LA
Dessert time! $6 pumpkin pie bourbon shots all night!
"Republicans Have Made Lawmaking 'Near Impossible' #huffpost Unless it's tax breaks for people, I mean, corporations!
Thanks for the follow :)
RT : The Extra Kick is good JCSU takes the Lead 14-10 over Miles
Hey, nice chatting! I'm gonna to take a nap & then finish polishing off my story on this very topic for due tonight
i swear my last tweet was true. i deleted it tho.
Fucc your Face.
Can we have Root back?
My love for zayn is getting deeper and deeper... I can't help it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Me thinks I need coffee...I have to deal with these kids...and the slack NYC Public Schools...
Youu know tht gives u viruses??
thank you(:
Thank you chica!!!! Your energy is cathcing!!! mucho love to you!
somethings telling me to leave but i wont
Bostonian Society to reassess its collection, focus on "the Old State House and the late-eighteenth century period in Boston."
I'm not tipsy Joey. And it's not about you. You do know though
I never would have thought of that until you just said it.
Why am I do damn itchy again
Have a great time and get us a win!
This month marks 1 year of Jeff litzie, our drummer, being with us. Go tell him Happy Birthday!
Whiskey to celebrate a super awesome week at new job and a fabu new car (JB). Hanging with prehub watching 30 Rock and Sunny on DVR. *sigh*
we love you too.
<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>RT : anyone want to grab some margs and start a life together tonight? Let me know!
damn...had it with me...I should have called you!
that would probably tie for first place. This girl's name is A'zya(asia). She's out here winning lol
Just heard a band play an instrumental called OPS Blues.
for an average church most worship music is good, for an extraordinary/different church it is Celia music :)
I look so ratcheet today -.-
I got your back girl!!
spit it different all day erryday
What's the biggest news stories for the week? Tune in for 3-2-1 Henry with Steven Stark coming up...
My BIG hater is always talkin shit about me.. as I always say: You can't get me outta your mind..cuz I'm too >>>HOT<<< to get out of
Hint on this word, the venue here in town uses it as two words. Unscramble it and I'll send you the #CovertTU password! FHUSEASOE
Lunatik Clothing is looking for skate/snowboarders,bmx for team. AND dj's, rappers, and entertainers for rep our gear. Lunatik? Check us out
Love is better than any other material in the world
Shout out to all the Mothers in the house on tonight!
hey milio do you Know when we gonna start mc s2?
Love how gives concerts to me & on the phone C:
good-afternoon followers I need to figure out what Outfits n colors i need to wear for my photo(s).......any ideas??????
#GovernorBrewer has $30 million in discretionary federal #stimulus funds that she could use to save the lives of those waiting 4 transplant
I think Britney Griner has better post moves lol
Btw .. I will not be performing at Levelz on the 26th ... sorry to inconvenience anyone who cleared their schedule. - janky
give me one?
Call or e-mail for more information on our cosmetic tattoo artist Raegan!
New icon-me and :)
CAN'T SLEEP! I'm too excited for this year's International Women's Day Banquet happening for free on Saturday @ Post Hall @ 6:30!!
Kate Upton Cat Daddy bikini video: Sports Illustrated cover girl&#39;s hip hop moves go viral
In #SouthDetroit, Jim Leyland is allowed to smoke on the bench.
Memories for everybody.
Cats know, comin' out of four, they better be standin' on it, else they'll be standin' in it. - Richard Petty
I remember this old a** video lol
"A dusty Bible leads to a dirty life..."
What do you need to know about getting started in real estate? Ask your questions to me today!
I trusted you... My bad, it won't happen again. I promise.
Holla, Hustler! RT : Because of your awesomeness, you get your own #FollowFriday #FF: !
RT Boy, there are a lot of unhappy Chicago fans in this airport.
Tonight will be a movie bonanza!
Bluestone encouraged students to think about society, culture. "we are in the end what we build"
Whenever I see on my tl, I gotta stop n check out the avi...yuup :-)
I hate people bullying into getting to put my kids on meds. My kid is 6 I AM NOT going to teach him that a pill is the answer to everything
Me? What did I do?! *tries to look innocent
Dragon tattoo? Never heard. Sounds interesting though. Who's the author? What's the story about? :-)
Just skyping with big deal
I did... Thanks girl!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1963 #Alcatraz Island, the federal penitentiary in #SanFranciscoBay, #CA, closed.
Me too! People use the word brand all willy-nilly. I think we all were yelling at him on that one.
Jan. 2011 issue MAXIMUMPC complete set protection strategies for your computer/network. One of best to use live CD/Linux Distro for banking.
fair, red mill is awesome. I had uneeda for the first time today and was epicly impressed.
This new Norah record is pretty sick. Different vibe
We offer customer service, quality products, skilled personalized haircuts, all in our community
Developers are hot right now! High demand, low supply. Get your CTO locked in! #nyuSternEEX (cc' )
"I like to pay taxes. With them I buy civilization."
In the bpen with
That was an easy Like. Love what you do. Thanks!
Know of any libraries using Linkedin effectively for engagement and/or outreach?
Everyone and everything has become overrated.
Bummer about twitter is I mention golfbag and someone from Calloway is now following me.
me too, waiting for the first book to come in by MacNeil
Wayne I once thought I had mono for an entire year, It turned out I was just really bored.
I do miss those days. One Day At a Time.... (See what I did there? Do ya?)
me obviously ! i love you
Thanks, I've never played Go, but i will check it out. Happy New Year!
Followed all back:)
unfortunately I think they are. Sad, isn't it? Or infuriating, depending on the context.
twitter has been messing with me the last 24 hours. =(
see you at in about 2hrs (?)
Note to Burger King: I'm pretty sure having Steven Tyler anywhere near your food preparation is a health code violation.
Great lazy sunday. Time for two-a-days
I have to step away. I can't deal with you all this morning.
Wats up world it's get blasted Monday's who tryin to get tatted? Come check us out we got the right artist 4 u.
Yes, it's cheating.
Hate my school omfg
Everybody wants somebody who doesn't want them and wants somebody else
Hehe yeah I know. It's freaking addicting!
A thousand people sayin they're proud of me 4 something doesn't even halfway compare 2 the feeling of being proud of myself
Something needs to be. RT : Boos must be motivating.
are you moving there?!
for sure man ill post it
Heading out to coach my students in a fencing competition today at Swordplay in Granada Hills. Gonna be fun to see them go at it.
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE :)
who did your kinky twist
how did you forget
haha, thank you!
"You're happiness upsets me." (in regards to bowling)
it was super bitter at first but i was licking my lips the whole way home :]
My dads brother went home to the Lord. Pray for his family...peace in the knowledge that he isnt in pain and is happily in heaven.
hit me on th 408 # bro u got it?
yess you already know
I aim to please :) And Lauf will get back to you when she has a moment. Times are busy for all of us (testing, end of Q3, etc.)!
#Weeds finale got me all worked up.
I had baseball tryouts i made it i am on the Rangers in Little League. SO HAPPY
Good morning world :)
And captain jack RT : Is Manu coming off the bench again?
Brooklyn Decker Covers Flare June 2012 - The Gossip Girls
Looking for a minneapolis TW for a new assignment. Interested? Reach out via Twitter or LinkedIn.
Shannon, nice to meet you. We are sorry for your loss. Fight for a cure-
Thanks! I am amped up!
I'm hooked
todai is my birthday can u plz follow me and my 2 friends and and I iwll give u a follow back
This is so good!
it blows my mind that an ebook costs as much or more than the same book in paperback.
Hell of a game. My Packers are out so for all you Colt fans. GO COLTS!!!
Lost World is the place to go if you are looking for a copy of the first issue of the new Adventure Time series. Tell your friends!
follow for a follow back
M, chocolate. :)
99% sure that was Emma Stone standing next to me at Lobster Place
FOLLOW MY BESTIE that is REAl SWAG rite there!!
London Fall 2010 Application Deadline is this Thursday, April 1. Tell all your friends if they are interested in applying. Cheers!
I was made to love you.
we'll answer that question for you in about an hour
Woah. Just did a 360 on the 71/Gene Snyder ramp w the Land Rover. Not cool but luckily I have handles like Tony Stewart
Watch "its always sunny in Philadelphia" hilarious... RT I don't think I have enjoyed a sitcom as much as I've enjoyed The Bi
I LOVE ME SOME FOOTBALL AND CIROC AH <3
On some real shit , people be in the way . And those people see no where near me .
They share an employee.
Please Follow Me On Twitter i Love u
Man I live in sex stores, lol
Thank you for opposing SOPA and PIPA.
Happy Saturday Twitter Folks! Have an awesome Easter weekend! Thx for the followers! dR
definitely dominos large pizza three toppings for 7 bucks
you were looking mighty fine tonight! <3
Im pass Boss Status like 2Chainz say im just doin me daily cuz everyday pay-day i put dat ish on repeat everyday on my way 2 work
If you ever need some perspective on how wonderful your life is, go spend a little time at a large urban homeless shelter.
Look forward to it!
I've been to Phoenix/Mesa many times when I lived in L.A. My niece lived there B4 moving to CA. Love it
I know, I was inconspicuous in SE Asia-other than being 6'2" and white!
how are you and trackside closed right now? Trying to bet the ponies!
Better than the Bulls game. Continuing my #GLEE marathon. Thx
5.2 mile run on Venice Beach.. think that's a great way to cap off 2011! Feelin' damn good :)
"stay in ur arms see u smile hold u close and it weigh on me as heavy as stone and a bone chilling cold....wise men say only fools"
My heart was totally warmed by your introduction. Nothing wrong with champs-induced emotion!
That's such great news!
Great day, suns out ,show this tweet and get $ 10.00 off per. hr. Today only10/09/10 can't wait to see you down at the dock.
JUST WROTE MY FIRST COMPUTER PROGRAM. It asked me for my last name, then my first name. And then it told me my last name and my first name.
"Thats why I stopped wearing underwear on dates." - Samantha my Hero (SATC)
Stop being so negative all the time
The market manipulators are at work again today. They are taking a shot at either reducing the loss or pulling the DOW (at least) positive.
Finally got my Starbuck's, got some new clothes & about to do our nails. #lovegirltime <3
hah! I know! so excited to play so many shows with you guys!!
This is the best article... think I have met half of them....;-)
RACK CITY TRICK RACK CITY
I love how little Hispanic kids are always so well-dressed. Just saw a 5-year old in cowboy boots and bolero tie. :)
quite a few people in my office will be happy to hear the news. I'll email you guys in a few weeks with a date and time
will share? :)
Thank you And thanks for being a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
interestingly, corporate authorship tends toward medium lexical diversity in the case studies presented
Passover is known as the holiday of spring. Hope you're enjoying the warmer weather!
EVERYONE go SEE the Pic of Deb Noonan winning SUPREME! it is PRICELESS!
Good lunch with Anne Gimenez and John B. Working on America For Jesus--9-28 and 29 in Philly--press conf. Tomorrow at NRB.
Happy New Year to all my friends in Berlin :-)
Interest rates are giving back yesterday's flight to safety rally and equities are recovering this morning
Tweets Real Shit ! Everyone Should Follow Him
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
Lost the ball to the navel ring for the 10th time grrrr
Alright Coopsters, we have an important question for you all. Do you like to eat our Rib Tips with sweet or spicy sauce?
TY for the kind words!
cus they be dirty
I sent you a lovely message on fb... :)
I'm starving !
#Kansas vs. #Kentucky for the national title...WOW!...the basketball gods are pleased.
What are you most afraid of when you think about changing your job or career?
April is the Month of the Military Child and a time to honor the contribution of the youngest members of military families.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Beards and Razors!
DuoView releases the best imaging digital radiography system in veterinary medicine. www.duoview.net
McPherson- The fireworks display as Farragut's fleet ran past the Mississippi forts was surely the most elaborate in US history at the time.
Are we allowed to speak to each other starting this weekend? An original six series...can't ask for anything better than that.
you know just chillin and planning on going to NYC this summer. We miss you!!
At #IFC #Worldbank for signature Leopard Haiti Fund. 75M financing project. 75% Haiti 25% DR
Tomorrow I buy paint and a fan for the back porch. #biggirlpurchases think tropical paradise in Bellaire :)
Kerri u no workin' RT 'm bored out my mind @ work
And were off!!! Let the games and Beer Drinking begin!!!
camel stucco contractors, stucco contractors carmel, carmel stucco companies, stucco companies carmel, stucco repair carmel indiana
Happy Friday!!
RT : Default social role has changed from the "worker" to the "friend." Network wealth is created from "friends."
... hence our paying for a extra Ethernet and putting our own access points in the IB areas to at least bring in a little wifi..
Just saw & heard the 1st Xmas commericial. I'm SO not ready for Xmas. Same shit EVERY. SINGLE. YEAR.
"Daddy, how are you going to dance at the rock show tonight?" Might pogo, but probably just stand there all aloof and nod occasionally.
NAPA Gvrn Cncl to have meeting on 2/23. Will discuss plan for GC meeting at #SfAA. Pls share key topics #NAPA should discuss and work on.
aww im sorry.
well girls do tend to develop ahead of boys. :) so that means lucky YOU!
admiral characters ... indeed....
hahaa that must have been amazing. I was up there for an eagles SB loss AND steelers SB win. So... not so amazing haha
oh whats that you said? You love me too? Omg awe :)
we love you too!
cool! Will do!
Now learning: googling a prospective employee is a discriminatory practice.
Tomorrow is ROYALTY DAY! Show all the underclassmen who really run ACC!
More frightening than Jobs' death is the fact that Apple is going to run out of big cats to name their OSXs after very soon. #OSX "Tabby"
need to hear from CORTNEY LOVE, E'ZACCEUS JACKSON, IMARI CLARK
he waits too long to me LOL
my mom is a terrible photographer as well! She admits it, at least.
Oh yeah. Big Mac is in the top 10.
Back atcha, lady!
Dinner-steamed veggies:/ what am I,a bunny?? I need real food!
go out and have fun! Me and are going out tonight 2. Maybe we'll run into u guys since u aren't going 2 porters...lol
The darkest hour has only sixty minutes. Morris Mandel
what region are you in?
I like your links you posted on how to right a press release...very helpful, thank you.
We MUST Have A Beer Date! “: Right after happy hour Wed: 60, 90 & 120 Minute IPA's will be flowing. Get them while you can”
goddamn that new avi is incredible.
Uber windy out
At the Nevada Archaeological Association conference in Eureka, Nevada. A lot of good topics being presented.
Third day of lib cataloging class. This is going to be a tough one.
For real. I dropped some mixes off for you and - have fun w Badu tonight!
Going fishing so excited me and my bro are gonna catch some sharks wooohooooo
Each person is born to one possession which out values all his others - his last breath - Mark Twain
Design and code to web standards. Browsers must adopt standards or face elimination. Days of "best viewed with.." are over.
I swear my mom is a hoarder, she won't throw away my hair from my first hair cut, or even my teeth.
Post Apocalyptic Party is an awesome fucking song!!! Congrats Fucking loving it!!!!!!!
he ain't gonna believe you cause ain't shit happened anyway rude
Watching 90210. Season 4! College! New intro music! What dreams may come?!
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
Must eat NOW
I like Claudia M Creations!!! :)
#thingsthatpissmeoff dudes that say they baby mamas crazy but haven't done a thing for the shorty #notetofemales don't date that guy
Relaxing with my children.
“: The last eight-track released by a major label was Fleetwood Mac's Greatest Hits in 1988.” same for cassette tapes?
Happy Birthday !!!! :D
After a Leak interception, the VooDoo capitalize with a long touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Quorey Payne. Preds lead 47-40.
My phone... I charge that! My kicks... I rock that! These chips... I EAT THAT!!!!!!!
ha yes. I will join a fantasy league next week because of it. Always Sunny is a GREAT suggestion. I'm on it!
R.I.P. Dino De Laurentiis
who talk? xdd .
Self publishing has yielded minimal success so far but atleast i am not a puppet. Shout out to all my free thinkers.
Way to go Pack!! 12-0!!
Everyone can win tonight. Go to our Facebook page and "Like" us to reveal a $10 OFF coupon good for any $50 order on our website
The couple next to me are so high on meth.
have not heard from u in a min.
Every time I have a really fast driver when I take public transit, I imagine myself as Frida Kahlo.
When people steal my dayuuum food >:'c
Have you tried our pizza and salad buffet yet? We have dessert pizza too!
#Knicks #Amar'e punched the fire extinguisher glass just to get 2 the extinguisher since it might be the only thing to play defense vs
Amen! RT : Michael Bay is going to ruin Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. No question.
Actors! Please please please send us sample sides! We are working a way to import sides into the app so you dont have to type line by line!!
bye huntsman. now that the only reasonable GOP candidate is gone, time for Obama to prepare a victory speech
Whenever your team sucks and it's underperforming (Red Sox, Royals)Just be thankful your not the Saints.
LOL! You're welcome! :)
At the post office. Breathing.
Had dinner . Probably new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. By Michael Mina is a good thing! Great service and food
I know, so disappointing!! Thank you spotify, for saving me the money i may have spent on blindly buying that album.
actually she prob did get out of bed like that amazing.
hush with dat small head
I will as soon as I get home .... texting + driving = bo bueno lol
A great way to learn the basics of yoga is with our Newbie Yogi Workshop. We have one Sat, March 10 @ 3:00pm with Anne.
finds political system "stupid" & despises vast majority of Americans, yet is irrationally hellbent on being our president.
Rayos de sol
I have nothing to say to you.
I already sent it check your email
I bet we could get Morozov.
"It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the #environment."
dang! let me know next time about 4 months in advance and I'll work it out...! :)
My Sis Got The Heat Blastin
Want to try out spy app. Sounds excellent
There is literally only an hour left to submit. ! Do it before we all turn into pumpkins!
I can't find the link on the NBC LA FB page for the Neil Diamond tix!
I cannot wait until 7:47 tomorrow
Getting ready to do my french dialogue.
As much fun as hack comics are, they are nowhere near as fun as hack bookers.
Fifty One minutes left and definitely counting down!
Hey world
Successful night, I'd say
he really is lovely
hahha well in addition to her great voice, shes got swag. & as dumb as it seems, there are so many talentless famous ppl w/ swag
. Congratulations on everything! :)
The best that anyone has EVER had, ever. And ever.
Meatloaf, Mac n Cheese, Tots, Oh My! Cozy up w/ Comfort Food 4 at 18th & U Duplex Diner on 4/26.
ME TOO! When do you arrive? Make sure and play "spot the writer" in the airport!
looking for a good app to log time on #iPad - want to track how much time students spend in different apps for a particular class. Ideas?
So I got my balls grabbed and my prostate checked. Yup, bad day.
Happy Friday! "Anything is possible. Anything can be." ~ Shel Silverstein
Are you guys offering a pre-sale tomorrow for the Coldplay tickets?
I hope I can finish this weapon before D3.
As a #Pisces people often take your kindness for weakness,but if they really knew that you are not the one to mess with. -Zodiacfacts
Got free coffee at wawa this morning because the wait was too long. Reason #190987 that they rock
Carry-on as much as possible! RT : When flying, what's your #1 tip for making sure everything goes smoothly?
I worked with him on HOBO WITH A SHOTGUN. An absolutely fantastic guy.
wants you to get your Bruschetta submissions in ASAP! The deadline is April 30!
My skin seems to like this no dessert thing I'm trying out. Happy for my skin but a little sad for my taste buds.
Y is it that when I'm running late ppl drive slower & stupid-er? (is that a word)
If they dont let me in through the front, ill make my way through the back
game with and
I survived my 4th annual 30th birthday. For some reason I went to see 50/50. I cried all night.
Merry cinco de drinko you sluts
Detroit's Eastern Market is the largest market district in the country.
5th and 12th, sorry Las Vegas. You should still come down today though!
I'm going to teach the kids that even the parents gave up on. teachers may not be rich but i'll be making an impact in hundreds of lives.
Patriots are trying to move up.
are they staying with Jeff now?
BACK TO BACK!!!
Hey Pam. Just curious, what does your readership/"circulation" look like? The new Patch stuff looks interesting.
Thanks for the advice! I'm working today, but we'll get there as fast as we can!!
yup just did and replied :) same here ahaa i still can't wait to finally meet you <3
#facebook is down everyone is going through withdrawals
you're a great person to talk to. If they don't see that then its not worth your time.
Avengers? FREAKING FANTASTIC !!!!! :D
ha. But what will we use for the all-access pass?
I'm feeling GREAT. Who else is feeling fantastic?!?! Saw my best friends, ate a chicken cheesesteak, and drank lots of sangria.
Yup. I'm just limited in tweeting time.
North Phx. n u
rainy and stormy.....awesome B-)
she ain't ready... Lol. She's been put the loop for a min.
It's National Talk Like A Pirate Day. . .so arrgghhh!!
It's National Static Electricity Day! Hope you have a shockingly good day!
I told you bro.
Thanks fam. You too.
Looking for some good local #bluegrass bands to play the recording stage at Tala Vera
no clue, but I am pretty sure you need to open a shop in seattle. :-)
Today was a good day with her ;) Tomorro i should try and make it even better ;D
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
keep em coming Kyle
After a beautiful but mad dinner party w/t 30 girlfriends last eve, laying low & spending time with hubby today. How about you?
Jay in Lyndon in the KSR house!
You would think so because if they pull it off ; billionaires #KockBrothers and others would be able to ”dictate” peoples lives.
ya man it sucks. Just been limpin around the last 4 days. Lol
it would have to be I AM. its always stuck in my head! :)
Great now we know what Mr. Waitress will be smelling like for the next month.
Hey! You are so amazing! Such a great actor and I love you! Please tweet me back! :} <3
Advising my friend about maternity swimwear made from natural fibres, that holds shape for longer than one summer.
Last day of school...who's ready for some Go-Karts???
no surprise there
What would Tolstoy tweet?
most of my problem is with Larussa. Anyway cards are good team. Rest of series should be great. enjoy your work thnx for chatting
does is taste like you
Sleep well. We all love you
thanks for sharing awesome blog post
We Need To Go Back To That Auto Part Store To See My Boo Lol
Riding in the Chevelle to go pick up Sunshine, makes spending $ on tires not so bad!
I swear every girl tweets at least once "I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime".
I think you should make it into a flower pot. Tho that could impede your typing ability a bit...
PC Buyers To 'Wait And See' On Windows 7 Survey reveals almost half of consumers will wait until the reviews are in before committing.
#Educause10 Is there a site out there that makes it easy to do localized #crowdsourcing. Ex/ rate #ideas on how to improve campus community
awesome choices! Have you ever been in before?
Good Morning (: Last day of school for me (;
BEAUTIFUL! Lucky you!
Thinking an established driver wins Daytona today....Dale Jr. ??
haha nice yea I followed them in HS and since SU is out of it I can actually root for them
After 3 declines we are up and running. Ip4 and upgrade cross sale by fiona
OMG - that sounds so good! I think I might need to sneak away from work for awhile. ;)
I think I am having a mini panic attack! I am so effing scared! Maybe I should have taken with me....
I can criticize certain things about the Avengers, but dammit, none of that matters. It was a really fun ride. I want to see it again.
ur hair is to pretty
You're welcome! Anytime!! C:
love the panther pic coach! I stole it lol!!
it seems weird to hire someone that doesn't read news to be a news commentator. maybe I'm just picky.
Hey tweeps! Good day! :)
Thank you! I work on improving my sense of humor daily! Craig's List provides me with so many things I find humorous!
I hate that. I never sign up.
are you familiar with any premed fellowships/national scholarships or awards that you would encourage to apply?
Thanks for speaking. I loved hearing the ?s you ask to make the data to give you the answers u need.
aw fuck yeah
Follow me for a chance to win tickets to my concert(s)
looking for 13 - 17 year-olds for the Google Code In. Looks like a blast with cool prizes.
Why teach a research methods course in the first year? Increases retention, allows early engagement with product & process.
Are you ready for tomorrows Rocktagon's fights???
conquest cap, or level new Protect Pal, what to do
Analog Candle Symphony
Glad hit us with that play by play.
Time is money so i went and bought a Rolex
The ill-tempered narcissist is going to 'teach you a lesson you'll never forget'. They have the audacity to walk away. proud of themselves..
Seriously there isn't a single other person aty my gate including attendants...I swear there is only one gate G17...
you're welcome!! :)
omg outfits were a travesty with the exception of Sharon. I worship her. What a rough week across the board. OMG top 3!!
Hey Aztecs! Spring break is here! We know the perfect place to spend it!
Man City getting that ass beat>
There are a lot of good bachelor pad/grandpa's room pendletons. And like LV, they NEVER GO ON SALE.
HA RT : First time at Rustica.. I'm chomping on a Bostok, which has a name like a monster or a lip implant, but tastes quite good.
It will be a mere 90 degrees on Sun! Perfect weather for noshing and imbibing!
i wanna see cool runnings....tha movie
I leaned back too hard and my studio chair snapped. I'm NFL linebacker size, but...Now I'm using an exercise ball for a chair. Bouncy!
No!!! The done canceled mah favorite soap!
Made steak on an iron after a full day. Competitions tomorrow.
: #MayDay in the US should be all about memory of workers' struggles. Remember Chicago 1886
q5) Learn how to create and deliver content effectively not just the tools used to create content
#GovWalker not looking great on camera these days. Is the Light of truth giving him migraines? An upset tummy?
Would love to hear 60s Dylan singing "…we oil the jaws of the war machine and feed it with our babies…"
It's bad when your own friends dont even like you
So what is a landscape architect doing in an interior design competition?
#news Gary Oldman wins his first acting award in more than two decades for his role as spymaster George Smiley in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
If my luggage goes over 50lbs due to paper theres still that stupid fee.. so who cares.
doubt it
If you miss fireworks tonight don't worry, will be giving #steelersnation lots of fireworks during the upcoming season
is "Boo" the new "Garbage"?
I think it's safe to say from the columns that I have no good advice! /that there is no good advice
lol. I made it up talking to you!!
Hello world. Woke up feeling good today
&#9730; Protect your Liberty
TRAFFIC - Semi Rollover - EB 90/94 @ the MM90 (between Lake Delton & Baraboo exits) Semi in the median, no blockage,
Buy One Get One Free Sandwich or Salad. Open for lunch at 9th and Broadway - Mon-Fri! Come over!
it's always weird for me! I'm flattered - which article/class?
Perfect day to go to the lake. Wish I had some more money to go.
Upgrading to iOS5 at 3 in the morning seems to keep my phone from running into problems
Don't ever feel sorry for yourself or sulk about what your clients ask you to do. Find a price that works or find new clients
Saying "Thats crazy" when you haven’t been listening to someone.
Come on Ovy
Very glad CyanogenMod 9 has selective permissions built in. Sad I have to root/ROM to get it.
so much creeping going down up at CEC. ah
Tomorrow oughta be interesting!!!! let's do this thing!!!
I know right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Eli Manning is getting #SackedLikeSomeGroceries #49ers vs
I'm in Mt. Iron, MN for the Iron Range Earth Fest. Still some snow piles in parking lot.
Shut up you shop at danice
Life may be a pain in the ass at times, but I'm satisfied knowing in not taking any short cuts.
Curious about the future of Social TV? 's Digital Hollywood () panel is about to begin.
he actually never said that he did say u only kissed
"Save water, shower with your girlfriend."
Looks like I'm working a little tomorrow morning...people love the dirty jobs WSDOT-style at the Montlake Bridge pits.
D: aw
Beside that; one of my classmate I 'liked' asked me a question. Ohmy.
You're not that cool motherfucker. Shut your shit Already
Tonight was another great night wit
That's true, but, then again, I don't think intentionally hitting a batter is suspension worthy at all, personally.
We appreciate your input! Happy to judge these scripts and looking forward to 'First Offense'!
my ravens are in first my bills 2nd my texans first even without our key players#1overall and my u mia guys are back 2gether
call or tweet your order in with a pickup time and I'll have it ready :)
probably better than commando boots. Loafer slipper = happy medium?
GODDAMNETTALENTISDROPINGLIKEFLIES!!! I was in class all day WHY DID NO ONE MENTION LEVON!!!! DAMN YOU YOUTH R.I.P. THE BAND
#SomewhereInTheGhetto a mexican girl is penciling her eye brows in and taking duck faced pictures of herself with her baby daddy.
I'd love to get some of your products. How can I get it in NY?
we're so excited for you! The preview was sweet!
who doesn't? It's rent free at least.. I miss you too, GET TO SEE YOU IN ABOUT 33 HOURS!
Free Boulevard Brewery and Amaretto de Saronno tasting today! 4-7pm
Thanks! We're glad you like it! Tell your friends...
How is my playing Bejeweled 10K feet going to cause the plane to go down?
Happy September! Keep an eye out for our September GoFastPass promotions all over Pittsburgh.
#bulls going to lose and its not close.
When you confront a problem, you begin to solve it. ~ Rudy Giuliani
Yes, bring back Good Eats. That show continues to inspire me to cook more so than anything else. It helps me understand the why.
Loving tweets about the Canadians
Goodby NYC...a city of many characters, accents, shapes, and sizes. But mainly sizes!
About this girl...? She has a very pop and funk style, she doesn't sing she MAKE REALLY BEAUTIFUL SOUNDS! And about love...?
the high light of my day... sending a picture of my green card
Days of thinking and I've decided to try. I just have to get an abstract together by the first. I think I can do it.
i love this fireplace thing s/o coon n' speencor
well it is CRS ya know
Dazed And Confused will ALWAYS be one of my favorite movies in the entire world.
And!!!! Lol! RT : Everybody and they momma want to start dieting right before summer..
I don't think Shelly Duncan pulls the ball foul too much....
A guy wearing skinny jeans just walked in with a coffee mug that looks like a camera lens and an old fashioned suitcase
He and Eddie respect each other and that's important. Erick Stevens on the other hand isn't being respectful.
may not be blond , skinny and beautiful on the outside but on the inside she is the most beautiful girl you shall ever meet ;)
You guys remember the #WhiteSox traded Mike Cameron for Paul Konerko, right? Thanks, Ron Schueler.
Meth test got moved to later this week
Madison school officials confirm school will be closed Friday as previously scheduled so that teachers can attend a regional conference.
No Wichita shirt man?
Enjoy your weekend!
: Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
Some people are watching #Glee but I'm watching Switch
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to your tweets! :)
Blues penalized for not rolling away and Glendale makes them pay with a penalty 3-11
just love how people can spin things off of them and make it all be my fault...
I want an office job <U+2639>
iHealth Ventures presenting live at the RWJF Aligning Forces Phase II Judging Session in New Orleans, LA
No!!! Haha xD just a Boss
"Job hunting tips for former offenders." Almost finished with this. You can find it soon on Going-Straight.com.
Anyone notice how COMMUNITY keeps coming up in this #libmade webinar? That's key! Get your community involved!
thank you!! I feel like I JUST watched you guys. Crazy!
mitchell, you have no idea. you really don't. i mean no offense—but ask retired nflers (even "healthy" ones) what it's like
I don't know what's worse, this Then and Now or this history book's grammar.
Ah sweet Sunday
how r u? Hope all is well
yes. We'll run through bushes and shit
Just realized suicide girls are just mediocre looking women wearing eye liner.
I'll look forward to it. I'm a big blind buyer; I buy morethan I can reasonably watch. I don't unwrap til I'm ready to watch.
I love this acronym I heart from Neal Donald Walsch, author of Conversations with God... F. E. A. R. = Feel Excited And Ready!!!
If a woman- used lightly tells u that its none of her biz if u take care of ur kids physically/ financially n doesn't seem concerned RUN.
beautiful and poetic. Just like you :)
Hawaii teachers union to revisit rejected contract - BusinessWeek
Cardinals are Judge Smails
In the morning, sweeten your coffee/tea with stevia or truvia, which are all natural 0 cal sweeteners. Don't get artificial ones!
Lets work RT : i want you to calib with in austin!!!
RT I exercise cuz I still eat bad shit ...oreos um
Even thought the weather ain't good, we still up here n Plan B doing our thang! Be safe ya'll
chili cheese dog, buffalo mac & cheese, salad...@ the Diamond Club! YUM
Happy Birthday, Chad.... Splash some tequila on your Wheaties and make it a great day! :)
And yet again they blogged contrivance and disguise
Every dog has its day, every day has a way of being forgotten. MOM IT'S MY BIRTHDAY
follow back plzz :D
amen jpp ill be rooting for u guys big time tonight.... lets go gmennnn
thanks fellas
neat! have a great shoot!
you need to come to my grandmas bible study next time we have it. I think invited you once but it got cancelled.
Saturday/Sunday 20% off everything in the store!
“: ... sitting here chilling w my girls and my old friend Wannie... #karmenhere”play yo role lol
RARE ONE TIME EVENT: Tasting of RARE Hawaiian Grown & Produced Teas 1:30pm Register in advance $10, Call 402 393 7070
ALL DAY? LIKE EVERY SECOND?
Thank god I got a new phone number when I did so I don't have to deal with these crazies anymore
This weeks SoundDiego episode comes from one of my favorite SD restaurants Kentucky Colonel's FTW!
follow back for my birthday ?
It's far too beautiful outside to be in here doing hw...
this statue in Beijing, what is that? Clueless?
Remodeling? When nailing long wood pieces, stagger nails along different lines of grain to avoid splitting.
Even with a Chanel foundation brush I always use my fingers.
It's National Chemistry Week!
My last 4 dreams have been hyper realistic. Good thing this one was hyper realistic but with a MAGIC BATHROOM.
If I tell you I have a B.A. in English and you ask if I'm a doctor, you're not getting my phone number.
House escrow really confuses me. But I can't argue when I get a big check in the mail saying we paid to much into it this year. (^V^)/Wo0t!
Oh. That's super no fun.
Who's missing the Dog Show already? There's always next year. Or watch Dog Shows from year's past on !
that would look ugly on me anyway
The Machine Head will be performing Live tonight at the House Of Blues - Dallas. Call us now and buy your show tickets: 888-493-0004
get a rice cooker
QOTD: "When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future." - Bernard Meltzer
Lucky you! You must have been the "cool kid" at school. Is your dad's company still around?
see you at the WAC!
the pleasure was all mine!
Woo-Hoo! We've reached 400 "Likes" today! Thanks for following Prolase on Facebook everyone!
its gonna be a long night.
Aww thanks so are u! =]
haha my man you know where it is! We'll fix up this #CourseMeeting and compare notes here I'm sure there's gold in there!
Following you! Thank you.
Follow FBLA members
RT : LOL. Small world! No, we didn't do the cover, just the interior layout.
great to see you guys, date night soon!
I lie because it's comforting for you.
I also went to a vegan restaurant for dinner tonight and got a bomb vegan cupcake.... lots of yummy treats today! ;)
Glad she is so supportive of George, but that man is never going to marry her.
It's tough to beat the 50% off at lunch special So good!
Finally got out of the house tonight. It was only for 5 minutes but I feel like a new woman.
Hey set on ur laptop. On tumbler, talk crap act like ur mr know it all! ya ur cool!
emailed you a couple of songs!
hey how can I find it??
That's so true...
Oh. Good one!
Lol No Problem Hun :-) Hope To See Nd Your Friends At The Show!
Happy #Thanksgiving! Give thanks to #God for all He has done. Remember to be a #blessing to someone as well.
Lmfaooooo im officially scared for life !
Awe no PGH dates :(
I was a little iffy at first but my new favorite show
Thank you #Whitneyhouston for teaching me to sing while I was alone in my room growing up, you were one of my biggest inspirations! RIP
Law In Order Marathon.
Natalie Dormer's characters are always promising kings that she'll give them sons.
Nuggs are hanging around...we need to run FAKERS off floor!
A pinch hit 3 run double by Travis Koch gives Paris a 5-3 lead now
“: Unfollowed. Boring, repetitive, tweet too much, talks about himself etc”--Think that describes everyone on Twitter, Lee
MINK LOOKING REAL GOOD TONIGHT !!!!
Looking forward to watching So You Think You Can Dance and Not Get Injured tonight.
Is it just me or is this season of Jersey Shore lamo!!! It's like everyone's board and stuck playing games that I played when I was 5!!
RT : About to see Wiz right now LIVEE via back stage
Coincidences & intuitions gaining momentum, music video shot, park picnicking, & onwards to webseries screening- my version of Good Friday!
I survived my 21st birthday. I'm never drinking again.
HAHA! (Also, be safe!)
RT : Q3: Buy a reusable coffee cup and start filling your calendar with purposeful conversation times
I probably could stand a chance on American Idol if I could bring my shower on stage.
i just wanted to tell you i love your profile pic:)
Wow. The south end zone is obnoxious.
I hate seeing lazy ass pple leave they carts in parking spaces
Oh I hit 2000 followers! Coolio! G'night from Nashville!
or should i say becks
Who's your pick? Lakers or Celtics?
I remember May Day, as a child, was about leaving flowers on neighbors doorstep and running away. It's a little different today.
LAMBORGHINI MERCY!! YO CHICK SHE SO THIRSTY!!
Headed to the conference today.
ah. Hmm, maybe I'll ask for it with extra MACHINE!!!
where's that? #bullittcounty here
belly dancers celebrating at a salsa club = they need to increase the cover charge lol
back homee!! presentations went well ;]
This made my day! Much love! RT : The only brand i wear is its my favorite!
there not really looking for (serious rappers) basically there trying to sell a gimmick that they can put on tv
is so funny AND right on. We are all secret shoppers & reporters .
I don't shit on piss-water.
yes, I'm getting drunk with him tonight haha
Heading out to meet with in a bit. First we work, then eat good food, then catch up on last few eps of Walking Dead!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
I find humor in everything. Sorry that I like to laugh.
Let's get the fun day started!
No, we just met. It's cool if you just want to cuddle and fall asleep. --Liar about to not sleep all night, but stare at the ceiling.
Why is #vegas so expensive? Forget it I;m staying at a Motel 6
I miss my friend cumin Spanish teacher.. Learn more spanish......... Forget my friend her promise....
like #NICKIMINAJ with dicks! you guys are the shite!
hoping to keep the snow for a few days. Cleveland always looks,better with some white highlights.
an #Aries is adventurous, active, and outgoing
My sympathies to you, Twan. It's always difficult remembering the birthdays of passed loved ones.
where do you find this stuff?
NO NO NO OMG MY GRANDMA IS NOT TURNING THE CHANNEL SHE WATCHING HER SHOW IM GONNA MISS IT *SCREAMS*
Anyone have any connections at PIDC? I need to ask a favor for a small job. Message me! Thanks?
Why do I think Lebron James will be quoting Admiral Akbar's famous line in a few minutes...IT'S A TRAP!
25- your really nice! Even though I talked to you like once. Lol(: talk to me more. <3
Up, hungover and at the dentist.
Just heard a radio ad for a 30-year variable-rate mortgage loan. Have we learned nothing?
I be high so it's coo.
Havarti is the unsung hero of the cheese world.
: Haters let you know you're doing right!
The French amphibious Dixmude—France's newest warship—can act as a seaborne mobile operating base for 16 helicopters.
Very nice. Never would have thought there would be a D7 conversion.. I am impressed
I think that depends a lot on how they argue, there is a healthy way to do it but far to many don't do it that way.
: screw the e.r. that's a piece of cake .I need it for them cuckoo
Ha! Hope not.
like when we met yea ..
Where the fuck is at?
Just found out what gettin' cocky means:] i thought it meant the boys part:))haha:)
Glad his first name isn't Richard
#everyoneisanartist MSG (where is Travis?!?!)
I got my giant poster! Thank you!! :D
Iberville Colony Stone to be star attraction during Weekend of Discovery in Ocean Springs
lol hurry its so boring
So apparently apologizing for runnin into someone makes you a smart ass...
Thanks to you all!
Lunch with always improves the day. M. Korean BBQ.
I told my kids one Sunday that everything happens for a reason, even them tripping and/or falling. Take that 1 figuratively or literally.
hey homie are you feeling better?
Wow another amazing day in Philly enjoying being a part of ArtStar Craft Bazaar! I feel like I'm at the ocean!!!
On the average, we have 60,000 thoughts per day. 80% of those thoughts are negative.
you're so mean lol
RT : I seriously can't wait for hoot fest this summer.
my dogs are being annoying..
Very nice! Thanks for stopping by!
thank you. Have a good week. Happy House hunting.
Thanks, we are looking to add some fun stuff to our website, this is our first try :)
Just remember the only safe and clean energy is solar and wind. All others pollute and can cause problem for the future.
Park Slope residents! How do you feel about the pawn shop that just opened on 9th St? Some say it is not the right fit in this neighborhood.
Thank you BH. I'm on hold for Tech Support... catching up on Cable TV offerings (don't subscribe myself)...not missing much ;-)
everything happens for a reason & they all blessings
!!! Time for THE Ohio State to lose!!!
So many fish in one pond!!!
ah yes: Kilkenny draught... that brings back memories indeed. now i need a workout to deal with the fries...
#MLB exploring possibility of funding baseball scholarships at Division I programs
very nice. stuff like that makes me wish was close to family.
I've heard much about EF5 this evening. I am blind, as I don't know what occurred. I apologize!
RT : Q8: DO U HAVE ANY HEALTHY GADGETS THAT HELP U TO STAY ON TRACK W/ UR FITNESS GOALS? IF SO, SHARE
protip: maybe don't go hiking in iran
thanks! I just realized youre in the area. Keep me in mind when someone you know is looking for a graphic / web designer.
Just spring cleaned by cube! BOOM!
it's a good way to get votes too cause the other candidates h8 <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088> lmao I'm not a fan but that's life :( love you too!
Dancing time ;)
Day one of #techcon is wrapping up. About to get together w/some top-notch speakers to rehearse tomorrow night's #ignite event!
Your life is about to get a whole more awesome.
Gorgeous day @ beach yesterday. Got speck of destructive distillation of organic material on my foot. aka tar. rat backward.
Now you're on the trolley!!
In conf space yes, in lobby yes, in rooms you have to pay. RT : does the Marriott have free wifi?
thanks so much for the follow!
How about get to know them and inspire them? RT : Educate customers, don't "PUKE" features!
you deserve so much more because you are the best at singing you deserve to be signed!<3
I still claim
Don't forget to take a time out!!
this team is different than the carmelo years. this team has actual promise IMO. carmelo was a ball hog and never played D.
Hey!!! Do you saw the moon is bautiful
“: Can't find a job? Create one for yourself, we are the generation of entrepreneurs”
AHA!! how does 1 woman get the SAME treadmill every time? ...she unplugs it (appears broken) until she's ready to use it...i'm onto u!
She was a very special gramma, I think about her frequently. She has nice and very special sons! :-)
Bout to get my day started wish everyone a bless n productive day god is always on our side just believe in him
(Waves) Thank you for RT! Hope all is well! :)
Awesomesauce. MT : This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
Thank you so much for the kind words!
African-Americans use retirement savings more than other groups. We must create business to create and accumulate wealth....
i love making lists. if i could be a list-maker in a professional capacity, that would rule.
Our dependence on foreign oil is a national security issue - and has been - with negative impact in 3 ways: Killing: Env; $
Thank you Hustlers! You are very helpful ;D
gosh!! you have to do lots don't cha'?
and yes, we do. Well I'm pretty ninja at shows! Just not on a daily basis haha xD
Bird Watch
As #TeamQinTheCommunity Thurs wraps up we just want to let all our great followers to know that all week we will be for looking things to RT
Girl there are several songs I'm going to be singing out loud. Including the following: Love Story, Mean and Sparks Fly!!!
A hell of a lot more than you. He is a conservative. You arent. You have lied about him a lot. His record is better n Reagans
How was you're Thanksgiving?
Hahaha seriously!? ... So do I. I Thought I was the only one
did he seriously say he had a big head?! That's awesome, sorry I missed it
I figured as much and was enroute to find you
Watchin Lost al day cause i aint got shit to do
After Party At Shots After
..which is..what?That the electronically mediated is less emotionally deep/true?
Please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com for the largest online selection of fabulous beaed sweaters by Design Options!
Congratulations, Japan! Very proud of team USA!
Good luck, safe travels! RT : #JFK about to board Turkish Airways to see newly American-Albanian
Im here....i haven't been on here in like 2 months. Im sorry lol :-*
Always try something outside of the the box.
Im up late jamming.. Ill be sleep soon..
i think it's perfect!!!
vs at 7pm tonight! Check it out with 52 LCD screens and full sound
I really curious to see what my fans have to say about me or my programs
Don't fear adversity. Embrace it. In the long run, it will form the basis for success. It's in times of adversity that opportunity knocks
wtf it keeps saying I unfollowed you! like whenever i click ur page it has that follow button!
Schedule a free in-home design consultation and mention "Valentine's Day" for $100 off your order of $500 or more!! (expires 2/28/11)
how do we contact you about an event?
what did i tell you? LEAN INTO IT.
the gun range targets is sad, the guy was unapologetic in making $$$ from this travesty
can we bring the bed?
I on the other hand am at the doc office sitting next to a woman who smells like a pack of cigarettes...
I'm with ya on BB. We look like shit. Even in our 2 recent wins, we didn't look so good. Our defense is atrocious!
So true. My hubby and I just moved and our car broke. That does it too for me.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other. -Euripides
YOUNG ADULT WATCHES ! AT LUCYWATCHES! G-SCHOCK,BABY G,ANNE KLEIN,BULOVA,MK LOOK,D&G,INVICTA,SWISS LEGEND,SEIKO,CITIZEN,ORIENT,FASHION $5.99
No class next week!
..you know any good booking agents or artist management peeps
Damn you Etrade! Experiencing high volumes...way to cut off the phone call after 20mins of waiting. I hope the Facebook stock tanks! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
including some ladies from ! :)
Need a ride to the Seattle 2.0 Startup awards tonight from Downtown Bellevue? I can take 3 people at 5h15pm!
wanna know why chicks on your dudes dick? he's a fucking whore
its like messi's and pique's goal vs real madrid
great proformane at the fight
Didn't get the text, but at least you have Orange Juice
Come support Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
clearly id be a date. Lol
This Beastie Boys news is no good. RIP MCA
I havent seen him all day!!!!
Welcome new consensus seekers and Thnx for following!
did you read the article?
Also, someone clearly hasn't heard of Freegal. Check your e-resources before you assume CDs are the only option!
yes unless the hair is soft. T. But its a good tool to clean up with less blade. But ur tliners need to b sharp and lines clean
which one are you? Come intro yourself
Fun Fact: Charles University, host of The Prague Semester, was founded in 1348 and is the oldest university in Central Europe.
"Chefs as Farmers" RT : Get yr copy of Edible San Diego No. 16 hot off the prss &
I have a feeling avocado jokes will now replace all the carrot jokes that were made..
I want my bed right now I don't want be in chemistry lab <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Ask your pendulum if you and your mate knew each other during one or more of your past lives.
20th Ann. Season Premiere tonight at The Times Center in NYC honoring We've come a long way from 1992!
So many nerds in one room. A dangerous thing.
wasn't it good? Fun to watch...
Of course :)
To the world you might just be one person, but to one person you might be the world :)
Thanks! We're SO glad you like it. : )
Go hard by all means
Even Though I Feel Like Caca, I Wanna Wish Everyone A Good Morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600>
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Love & Basketball ( :
same here, 36 more days til I see you guys again. <3 I'm thinking about taking you some Sriracha. Yeah?
Yobrio turns magazines into shopping carts. Take a picture of something in a magazine and instantly be able to buy it.
Some cool ways to trick a woman into bed include being kind, making her feel special & showing her respect
Everything ends at a time
Amazing weekend. Seriously, amazing.
+1 RT : "Hashtags are metadata for your tweets." Or, librarians explaining twitter to other librarians.
Our fried pickles are pretty amazing... Thanks for being a fan!
The Pythagorean Theorem unit in math is surprisingly easy!
perhaps just a watch with no wager.
Love that the Miz is hosting this reunion
Friday. Too much to do.
also, who's the brunette?
if not , I'll send you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> for your birthday
"I AM Attracting Unlimited Abundance & Prosperity into my Life" -Wayne Dyer #Affirmation " (Rephrased from )
Shooting on the genesis - heavier than DSLR for sure.
LOL TRUST ME I do:) Im the same way that's why I always give The writer who quote's I use.
teen wolf is getting intense..
nope. Jake Thrupp Followed and tweeted me nbd
To make the fast easier Stewie decided to roll around in poop.
i turn on the tv and obama is there....
. you guys kick ass! Best screamer in Metal! Best band in Metal!
"if you come home to NJ, I'll buy you the Tory Burch shoes of your dreams." #mombribes (cc )
Seventh heaven! Game 7 sunday morning at 10 am on abc!
Remember Marvel comics character "The Thing"? He was an original member of the Fantastic Four with a rock-hard, orange exterior.
Flying up to Silicon Valley to meet some new peeps at the Daily Journal Top IP Litigators party.
can someone plz tell him to quit his shit?....cause sadly i don't have the damn balls!
Man I feel so much better just got the cough everything else is good I think sleeping from 12-10 was good for me long time since I did that!
They're obviously going to give it a shot.
Stomach ache:/ its bad
when/where is Wordpress?
well either SupperClub or Drai's is the spot... sometime is there haha
bhahahahhahha I'm still cracking up at the random person
Downloaded 231 rock lullabies for HERO. Some are actually pretty good.
Aj Ellis with his 2nd RBI single of the night, giving the #Dodgers a 4-1 lead over the
hello there pretty lady :D
"Um, I was told I could listen to Pandora from 3-4pm if it is at a reasonable level.
Hi from Stockholm!
On my come back shit! They say I never went no where! They will see when I get back!
My mamma's sushi is the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Tonight! , Mechanical Kids & Challenger @ The Loft. Music starts at 7!
#RIP Steve Jobs
Oh man tri-tip sandwiches from Firestone in SLO - so good! So stuffed!
thoughts on a social media topic college journalists should tackle? I'm looking for ideas for assignments for my class.
I will be on at 5pm CENTRAL to discuss Health Reform, all the good it's doing for millions, and the
RT : damn!! I'm trynna get this single ready«Ok. They need to hear from you.
YEEEAAAAH EFFICIENT CONSUMPTION OF FOOD
If you are a #localbiz in #ABQ come tell others about what you do - support local, thrive ABQ
I am a master of my words until they come out of my mouth.
I don't think any of them are outright bad persay...they just lack flavor.
If make one more Tweet about food ima scream !
great read on the little track runner. Thanks!
I'll add it to my schedule and hope for the best. Thanks for including me.
Boy, the thunder gods are banging on the drums tonight!
Just beat my old work high score on Time Pilot by 120,000… Yay for Friday video game sessions at work.
The biggest killers of success are Impatience and Greed. Counter them both with Gratitude. Especially today.
Mayor's PSq stakeholder update happening today at 4pm at ING. See you there!
NO PROBLEM :)
Pedro's error costs the Bucs a run. To the Bottom of 4... 3-1 Pirates.
Congrats to Phyllis Rathbun, MI Humanities Council, who won a year of service from Mail Dog at the conference. YAY!
#InSchoolTheresAlways a teacher who is dumber than the kids...
Just got stabbed by a hobo but it's all good I think I'm gonna make it haha J/K
# FF Thanks for following!
Watching the Mary Mary premiere show!!
:) you survived!
how did this become Unexpected Expenses Month? Dog surgery, Heat Pump repair, TV dead, rear bike tire flat. Ugh.
Don't envy for what people have and you don't. You have something they don't have. .....Wilson Kanadi
RT : Thx for inviting us to the 3rd annual babyshower event! & giving us the opportunity 2 share the gift of reading
Cause i kno he gotta leave nd go make dat money!!! :( :)
Nothing tastes better on a cold Portland day than a warm cuppa joe....EXCEPT for a nice winter beer this evening! I <3 the NW!
Ok WIIROC family, we need you to keep supporting and the Divine Records Movement! Follow them and keep in the loop!
Firefly #restaurant awesome!
thnx for the follow!:]
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
You know it's love when it hurts soo badly to see them with another.
#Giro Peloton now passing Villa S. Faustino, off road about 400m; road signs pointing left. The visitor won't whiz by like them, I hope.
A good PR plan requires a good marketing plan first.
I'm stating the obvious, but playlists, cute shoes and coffee make everything better.
Ravens NEED better pass rush!! WTF is wrong??
Leadership - The real leader has no need to lead-- he is content to point the way.
I'm going to be setting up a jam session in 2 weeks for all my jazz brothers..
oh thats what I get for being nosy lol
Today we did word association, when he said Justin Bieber my kids said "life changing"
Special Sunday! Hope everyone has had a happy weekend. I've been packing for the Big Move.
If I had a dollar for every time I said "Lady Gaga"......I could buy Lady Gaga.
Good tunes on the way tonight. Check out “Premium Jazz.” at wfsk.org. 7-9pm central. 8-10pm eastern.
More Ford Workers Overwhelmingly Reject Pact
Right back at ya , thanks for the love
never say never! Because you don't know maybe you'll catch his eye I see it in the prospective as if it's what god wants then
I've heard mixed things about soy, good and bad. Can't avoid it with tofu but I've switched to almond milk.
Kid Cudi literally makes the most chill music, hes such a good rapper<3
me too...and trying to get ready and brush one's hair is really a chore.
if thats the release date that will be a busy time for me.....but i sent you a DM...we can work something out
Thanks for mentioning! I didn't know that about you either. Will commence studying your work. ;-)
Feeling like crum today....wasn't looking forward to cooking dinner...open the freezer to spot a pizza! YAY for couponing & stocking up! :)
I love everything about California it's a state that has allowed my dreams to flourish!:)
Soo I aint got no socks for practice today --_______--
Ok watching American idol from wed-on TiVo. Jlo says somebody to love by zeppelin WTF it's whole lotta love then Randy says al green what?
Media Decoder Blog: Nielsen Reports a Decline in Television Viewing
finding out someone you knew committed suicide is not the coolest thing... it leaves a crater... is why I don't think I could ever do it.
good news, i will be home friday. i'm going on saturday with my family but i'm definitely down to go friday night too.
Did the music panel happen already? If not, when is it?
bro what you been up to?
He'll hypnotize you, he'll read your mind & THEN he'll do a cool card trick. It's Joshua Seth at One Union Recording with engineer Matt Z!
I'm looking forward to my first 2nd Saturday living in Midtown. Hope it goes well!
It's tough being the best! If it was easy, anyone could do it! All of us at MarineMax are professionals at what we do in every department!
:( Evette is coming home for her bday which is the 19 we goin out.... You here?
ugh fine i dont want it anymore ! :(
I've always loved him. He's just too good on the field to not appreciate him. As long as he's not spitting on people.
Thx 4 doing both! :) RT : Lovely morning with Meta House. Now back out to the Farm to finish set up for Date With A Plate!
I do not eat peeps. They are much too sweet for my taste. "The more you know"
A rough 1/2 inn for Pedroia. Either play (corralling the flip or throwing to Gonzalez) could have ended the inning
yes girl you might surprise yourself!
andd thats what i have as your contact name in my phone!...lol swear (K.O)
I am currently writing a script for Drake. Sometimes, I don't even know how I got here.
yes but december grads still go to the ceremony.... :S lol
This is the home stretch, guys! You're almost there! Don't eat! Don't sleep! [kidding, please eat & sleep].
good,u
Chris Stewart has the Danny Mccoy hair-style
of course :) we need to hangout tomorrow!!
double standards <<<
C'mon 'Best of Chill Out Hits' work your magic...
Cause-marketing success: provides customers/employees an opp to join them in giving, support causes impt to customers.
Context? And I totally agree with RT : Proud big brother. My baby bro's got some stones.
yes! I love Chrome, but it crashes often - esp with lots of tabs open. So also use FF and Opera w/ some stuff in Chrome. :P
they were great! It's crazy how many good songs they have now. Hit after hit after hit.
Looking forward to "How To Innovate" on Sunday!
Shawarma. Genius. If you've seen #Avengers, you know what I mean.
My apologies
. It's horrifying how many countries produce things that support modern Western life, but are governed by medieval minds.
we already got back :(
I know, right? M ice cream ;) Maybe later tonight U can come over n hang out. I need to get SOME work done,,,I'll ask Van
Bio-waste company opens office in Research Park
just got my permit!
That's good. And no problem. ^.^ Anything new with you guys? (;
Nothing encourages white guys to dance like being a tourist.
There's nothing worse than a classless woman talking about class. Classy women don't fight, throw bottles, etc. Get outta here w/ that!
So happy stopped by to try the Meggafowl! Thanks dudes!
bret, its a pot smokers holiday! The highest there was, the highest there is, the highest there ever will be!
Grits w/Danish blue cheese for lunch while I work on my dissertation. Prob not what Mitt Romney has in mind when he thinks of "cheesy grits"
5403540003 just call me for the hell of it.
hahaha this girl
rumor is she's performing in Clearwater next week...the hubster works in hospitality industry...I am innocent!!
next home game tomorrow Feb. 4 against Orlando!
Till I Collapse
We want to wish everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving!
I'm watching the #Caps game w/ , talking about why you are too cool to come to
Oy. I don't think I've made any of those yet today. Just cranky. And my hair is being dumb. And I'm tired.
Kicked off today's show with "Southern Lights"... NP feat Esperanza Spalding "Freesia"
First day of this college semester... I registered for a class at 8:pm thinking it was at 8:am....
Didn't get any voodoo doughnuts today...just means I need to go back into the city more often!
Let's Skype. Anyone. I'll tell you jokes or show you my six pack or something.
lol it's generally the same as everyone else's... 5 fingers attached to a palm
....did not sleep well last night. Probably not a good idea to start the work day with a cup of cozy chamomile herbal tea....z...
#Twi2012 #predict 2012 votes Greece out of the Euro...
welcome!! Have. A safe journey and enjoy yourselves in our fabulous city.
hey! Thanks so much for following!
StubHub changed everything
damage that Paul Wesley dont have one account twitter ..
So happy to be done with the online training. Longest 11 hours ever spent on the Internet
@ Hospital for Sick Children for ANC 5A mtg. Thank you Comm. Timothy Thomas for hosting.
take off your halo
Fuck bars with dress codes
I see that you're breakin, your heart is breakin. Here's my hand if you'll take it. We can make it out.
Hi Chef, just back in town and wondering if you're planning on killing any snakehead on the menu? I'm working on a roundup.
She was meowing very loudly. People heard it and came to get me.
youre also asian so that doesnt count...
Hey Tweeps: So, on Google +....how do you refer to the people that follow you or recommend a page...Plussers? + 1ers?
RT : I want to live on whatever amazing, soul-filled, beautiful planet Adele is from. I'm pretty sure it's not this one
Simple solution for getting #Limbaugh off the air: Don't tune in, and don't buy from his remaining advertisers. Rush who?
When will you notice me? Iloveyou so much! I had a bad day and to know you love me would help alot! Iloveyou kendizzle!
#IfICouldIWould Drop out of school and become a rapper and/or a dope dealer
Check out the postings on the bands Facebook page from the people that were there. It was not good.
it's not my fault i had pneumonia...and im skating tuesday
that was a little awkward to watch, wasn't it?
WooHoo! Close to 10 people coming to our first brainstorming pizza meeting! Dominica and St. Lucia won't know what hit 'em :-D
You're silly where is Jaleel
One day I want to be as cool as True life.
Eli time...
Hollande: I want some German taxpayer money. Merkel: No way in hell. Hollande: …
Is there a woman who has believed in you and loved you unconditionally? (I bet a few.) Give it in return today.
Menu tasting tonight done. Ready to open tomorrow for dinner!!
Thank you for the follow
“People travel to faraway places to watch, in fascination, the kind of people they ignore at home.” – Dagobert D. Runes
a black/pattern/freeze detect would be glorious
What up tweople! Good Monday what&#39;s poppin ?
I'm devastated....shaking...stress out.....falling apart..but trying so much to hold all of it in until school is over....
you seem more like an anarchist,than an Independent.
searching for a #PLANT MANAGER candidate w/ #FROZEN #FOOD and/or #CANNING experience.
it was good looks like all the players are in place now looking forward to the next episode.
Same. RT : dear insomnia, i don't have time for you... please go away
good deal
great images! Let us know when you post the rest!
Who is on Pottermore? My name is RoseHex25593. Interesting....
Happy Good Friday everybody!!!
I'll check it out
Everybody likes a compliment -Abraham Lincoln
The mixtape sounds good with great production value. You should be proud!
Wish I had access to my dad's corvette right about now. Picture perfect day to go cruising around LV.
I don't know. I'm of the mind that a Diablo-styled Silent Hill *might* be fun.
nahh im goin monday morning but I read up on it and its bruised saying it takes 1-2 weeks to heal
lol we got into some things what a summer lol! We should do Tampa or Orlando!
gas bombs n arrests #opd oakland ca its just lunch time dam
I did some minor ajustments on my "Squire" active 5.it is a great sounding and playing "soul machine"
Im so glad that is heading over to the UK to get to see some UK fans!! You guys deserve to meet her too! :{P
Finance Conference at AFM. Blah blah blah. How unenlightening.
no worries - it was a schedule conflict that changed the line-up, and yes will be a good one! Your support is so appreciated!
I'm still very happy with mine. But then, I carry a backpack, so the size isn't an issue.
Hi Mick. Nice "meeting" you too. Feel free to email me - for visa advice. Thanks!
Just heard the good news! So happy for you!
On the prowl for an internship? Work for me + ! Must be A) Awesome. B) Receiving school credit.
April Fools!
We might need to buy some of those for a budget meeting ceremony haha
STL to DC to NYC with class, now home in PHL! Things to make transition to internship easier? Today's tour on the rooftops of !
I always liked that part myself too.
I wouldn't bring gay marriage up to this SCOTUS.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly" - RFK
definitely didn't see that... hahah
Finished the taxes, and think I will put the refund in savings. How many are saving their refunds???
You're moving again?
They've put up a giant #menorah in place of
Happy new year everyone!!
Who is willing to die for art?!
If only my entire life could play out to the score of THREE COLORS: RED
plese help stop kony watch the video kony2012 he has to be captured hes taking kids and making the inti soldiers to kill
Another missed opportunity for the Crew, have to strike for more than 1 that inning.
Phillip baby please dont go! :(
i think i'm gonna go take a nap..
what were you supposed to get?
probably a t shirt version.
Time to grab some coffee with
#Chargers draft DE Melvin Ingram with the 18th pick in the
Can't wait, F-Poo!
RT : RT The call number is just an address
Thank you & for a great event tonight!
3rd time's the charm. Sharks vs. Blackhawks Friday at 5pm - Listen live on KFOX
Skating New York Today<3
Fingers crossed re: tomatoes. I planted a very early variety in some pots last week. Should be ready post-Lisbon trip.
Great point about Elway firing his 1st arena league coach. I thought about that the other day too & your post gave more details
P.S. It's the 11th in 16 min
Final went from 8am-10am. I finished it in 40 minutes. I shouldve slept in for an extra hour.
It's a dogfight between and game tied at 1 in the 3rd! Hard hitting hockey!
spent a good 4-5 hours in the sun and 92 degree heat working on a deck tryin to make a buck, now its off to work from 830pm-5am.
Pray for Annie and Hunter. She's driving him to children's hospital. Croup.
LGA...I'm tired
When things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting.
My parents want to go for Indian food today. Chinese yesterday. Italian tomorrow...
I'm at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) <U+2708> (JFK International Airport, at Van Wyck Expy, Queens) w/ 25 others
Thank you For liking us Susan! The NorthStar Team! Uri and Sacha
only bitch niggas ride in limos
I believe both of those outlets were invited to the original tour weeks ago...not sure if they were there yesterday.
Glad to know you like my music! hope you like my next songs as well!
Lush Confections will be at the Beer & Food Truck Rally, May 19th! Come on out to St. Pete and get your fix. :-)
Faith Confers Divinity On Humanity!
DJ just wedged in for eagle :)
Bottled water is the second most popular #beverage in the #United #States! Can You Guess The FIRST?
Awww. So we shall still never meet!! :) Mysterious!
Keep calm, eat a carrot, & protest with Jimmy.
Jennifer's body
Morning, have a wonderful day!
The soul of a chef can be found in their ability to prepare the simple things.
Looks like the fire is out at Calyspo in Leucadia. I can see someone on roof with flashlight checking things out. Lot of red blinking lights
Xmen 1st Class is awesome!! Great story!!
Be obedient.
Thanks for having me - Hicham and the team are wonderful! I hope I can come back for a brunch review! cc:
Find me this weekend at The Writers Studio booth
Thnx, that was our Sister Mrs. Beasley. She was always a character. We miss her very much & that photo always makes us smile!
what is happening yo
I am hungry for some Jamaican food. Hungry Joes on La Brea
Cats fed. Meeting with #JWs this PM. Recordkeeping this AM.
Damn ball & chain!
Yes, please do - very interested to hear a review of it
so I just watched the Michael Moore interview. Moore was so eloquent, but your Nicholas Ballasy made a rather calculated report
I know for some people I may sound crazy but I always thought you were the next MJ. You're amazingly talented. love you.
This LMFAO song on #idol is str8 garbage! Any idiot can make it in music these days
Our market just started 20 minutes ago in Sherman Oaks! Please stop by and check out our amazing vendors!
I'm not sure it will actually be the case. Enough interest in low consumption architectures will drive innovation.
Thanks for #FF, and here's one right back to you
hahahaha meet in the foodcourt lilly told me to tell you
#AskRomney When Gov of Massachusetts U were pretty much absent from the State the last 2 years of your term. Where the hell were you?
See the Weeping Meadow DVD for Angelopoulos telling the story of how Tarkovsky introduced him to Tonino Guerra.
In San Antonio were lives!!!! EXCITED!!!! :D
A community manager's work is never done - & sometimes I love that! People advocate every day; it's nice to share in that with them :)
How connect dots among schools, postsecondary, workforce system, employers? Darnieder - process in San Antonio led to Cafe College
Just bought my prom dress. More excited than ever. I'm going to shock all you mofos.
This old bitch at work just told me to turn down my radio *side looks crazy bitch* um I forsee that answer as a NO..
I had just moved to Utah from another state. The population of this area had increased greatly causing traffic to be a problem. I was so ...
Duo Albergue Number one in Spain!
THE LOS ANGELES RIPPER IS JUST ABOUT WRAPPED!!!
Can you please help spread the word about IU Student United Way?!?!
You still want to go to Death Cab? We'd need to get tix.
When the dude called Ariana "Victoria Grande", she laughed it off. When jennette leaked Ari's #, Ari called fans for an hr…always positive<U+2665>
dream last night: a bat latched on to my face, between my eyes. when i pulled it off the skin was missing, revealing a silver metal skull.
White jersey
Wisdom is ageless as is foolishness.
at home
The #Eye Chart and 20/20 Vision via @ All About Vision
The Indians win another series! Great game!
???? Don't understand
But, there seems to be a level of panic and worry among librarians which means that these resources aren't being found.
lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> why not
From what I saw it should have 98.
Flipped on radio to DJ gossiping about Taylor Swift & Tim Tebow dating
Booths Bay, ME with my whole family!! Can't wait :-D
: work work work !
I need to not see these things about other boys Allie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> lol
Oh Here we are again. Current call time... 26:45
Who do you think got the best pick in the draft last night?
Oh. I luv it! Will have to check that out.
I caved and just ordered pizza romano...thought you'd appreciate my guilty indulgence :)
"Grant, I don't mean to be a douche bag, but tell me you're the lead singer of a Stray Cats cover band?" - Auto Shop Guy.
Peter Gabriel, you are such a well deserved show off.
What do you want to know?
BRRRRR it's cold outside, so come to the B for one of our delectable BURGERS!
Cabin in the Woods (2012): This twisty Cthulhu-ish romp plays with horror and genre tropes deftly. It lives up to the hype. 4.2567 out of 5.
The only certainty about #fantasyfootball I can offer is Dorsey Levins is not inline to take carries away from Grant or Starks.
I guess i had my hopes up too high with you :| </3
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. --George Burns.
Scott is Mr. Digital.
"Unicorn Fart" because I'm just as likely to get that on my Droid 2 Global as Ice Cream Sandwich.
Um this american horror story show is ridiculous on so many levels
#jerseyshore needs to be on more than once a week!
Fun fact: American Apparel shirts are way cheaper than microfiber cloths for cleaning your touchscreen phone or tablet.
making soup and putting winter sheets on...
I remember feeling rain drops sitting in stands for last couple innings of Kerry Wood's 20-strikeout game. #Cub reporter/cubreporter
This week's DVD Giveaway will be a pre-order for the Coen's TRUE GRIT, out on DVD June 7 so check back Friday for our t-shirt contest
the pleasure is all mine. Thanks!
We’ll be launching our 5 for $5 Campaign in 20 days. Just like Uncle Sam, we need YOU!! Stay tuned
A punk rock poet and a classically trained cellist? Contemporary ballet choreographed to Kid Cudi? 'Speaking of...' October 1st.
5k was excellent.
metropark is horrible
okay, will do!
my unicorns name is Jeff. it's cotton candy colored;) I'm gonna ride my unicorn to ur house <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
Me too. Of course, I'll have to make time to see it around all the video gaming I plan to do this weekend while the kids are away.
Most days I feel alienated by men, and also the lack of real feminist decision-making amongst men in my community, but OTOH...
Latest project #NoorKhan was #WW2 British OSE agent served as radio operator in occupied France later captured & killed at
I LOVE "We Are Conquerors"! London 2012 Olympics? 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil?
Bourbon Chicken is up next...you MUST try one. So, so good...
so yall aren't coming down tonight?
I wish I could just tell you how I feel,but It probobly doesn't matter anymore :(
Ya body x Audio Push
Honestly if you havent heard music. U my friend are a dumbass.
I'm watching it right now!!
Only in times of great duress MT I think you meant seems not to be the kind of place that serves ...
Just woke up
are you guys closed today? I've been calling for several hours... Phones down?
cool it's cold in the D!!
I miss nip/tuck
especially when we need strikers
What's good, bruh?
And Liam. A smart girl's dynamic duo.
Follow her She is
Love is the reason for it all.
I await your review. I've worked with Eddie and Cliff Curtis (great guy), so I wouldn't mind supporting the film.
People would sell their souls to the devil 4 a dollar,they need 2 leave that man alone,he's been through enough..
RT : i have to say that we have an incredible back line and Jimmy made some huge saves this week between the two games
Can't wait till tomorrow!
Yikes. How many times did you call my old desk phone? I'm not there :)
I am Julee White's friend. THANK YOU!!!
makes me kiss him :)
WHATEVER WORKS BRO.
and Sarah McMullen: reuniting kiddies with their parents at Disneyland since 2012
Wait!?! Apparently Raven Symone is a lesbian.. I never would've guessed.
and and umm I love to txt and make friends
we are missing how to use SEO to increase traffic and google ranking.
Every day I just keep falling for more and more <3
Only game 1
yea give me a min though im eatin lol
Meditating...find a peaceful place... Getting in the right frame of mind for an office party at bosses house
Please DO! :) RT : I just might join !
RT: Not strange. This night the power of Allah o Akbar and Down With Dictator and Mousavi is at least tripled!
Imani: "Speaking of phone books..."
Hope Your V-Day was awesome!
man fuck that nigga! And I say that with my chest!
#LIVEUNITED: aspirations from our community: end isolation, close achievement gap, get equal access to services
and yes, that was a drunk tweet. Lol.
Someone told me to kill myself, swallow pills and then...get this...glass! Haha what the hell
What an amazing reward.... Congratulations and bon voyage!
sperms melt rite thru ur skin , i heard... I would wear some gloves if i were u lmfao
The door to your car is open and its raining, lolz so you know
Hi Jamie It's your dad this is my new Attorney directory twitter account
follow me.,
I don't slur my words when I drink. I'm talking in cursive.
You got my vote! Easy to use and understand, accessible and interesting.
ah i was veryy hapy to see you Friday love =)
That is awesome! I'm going Acela one way -- but is the outlet deal for the regular train too?
Y'all don't know what I've been through this week....shoot in the last 24hrs smh
you're probably already checking the weather but don't worry, those projected rain showers shall be gone from the forecast by Sat
Ahh I Want To Make My Own Clothing Line ! .
could be! it's the time of year when the undercoat comes off. undercoat is often white.
beers after work at Sherlocks are never a bad thing. ;)
I think my granddad finds his secret ways of calling me fat.. he go's, "Hey, how about you take your little cousin walking.." wait what?
Action is the real measure of intelligence. Napoleon Hill
Count me in for help with a SE #thatcamp. I sent a message to about it as well.
Same! And that's great to hear! (:
Hey girl. I'm the big giraffe on campus. HMU. RT : I love giraffes!
are still better than whisperers.
hey, I like that!
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY styles is sexy
Remember you are loved by God. Keep him close to you always.
Learning its lessons is almost impossible
Thanks for the response!
Well, school tomorrow... No comment.
LOL..I really can't believe her
Followers . Virginia is mad COOL & AWESOME .
Wonderful weekend with Could not be more blessed with wonderful friends
Dyed my hair,
Shut up! Did I just hear thunder? Could it actually be about to rain? Naw...it couldn't be....
Disappointed on how today is going
When I have to fight the urge of thinking about you <<<
Of the 3 main CRE lenders (banks, CMBS & life companies), life companies were the only group that resumed normal lending patterns in '11
shut up. we don't go to sunset anymore so forgive us for not remembering the bell schedule :p
that's even worse though lol.
now we've got to get you on here more often. I need your help!
I'm sick over the death of #ShannonStone #Texas #Rangers fan who fell to his death in front of his young son. I wish I could hug his wife.
Had forgotten how much I hate Jason Kidd---c'mon OKC Thunder!!
I don't gonna lie... this is intimidating!!!
You go, girl! RT : Phenomenally productive day! Booking gigs, getting guarantees, songs coming out in California & loving life!
I miss my binky :'(
Licence time?? wow finally...
Hey Linz, I just saw this!!
"Walking out of an all-girls dorm on Saturday morning. TFM."
i share a birthday with ashton kutcher. same year, too. :)
Love that I run into at all my commercial auditions. Don't mind starting my day with her adorbleness!!
follow plz, thank u... well gudnite twitter people:D
Woohoo! Capacitor was under warranty. A/C is back in service. Dani and I will celebrate tonight!
excited to see you too :)
Now offering $0 upfront cost for Google First Page Placement. You don't pay a dime until you are on the first page!
I'm going to pass out in like two seconds, sick & tired.
yea id rather just keep it g lol
yes...that will do
then why does Colin Cowherd still have a show?
Reading The Power of Habit - quite profound. Need to re-work some habit loops in my life... maybe like, um, not doing THIS b4 I get 2 work.
Let it rain!
Lebron James is on!!(:
Just 10 more mins of work an I'm outro
Happy birthday!
how do you get lucky with these cool neighbors. I don't even know my neighbors.
Oh PDX you fickle beast, sun in the morning, then a flash downpour at lunch, and now the sun is fighting its way back.
I was called Hitler in elementary
We're a couple days early, but welcome to #Indy, #Comfortech! Hope you enjoy your stay!
Got off work early for once! Lol
Facebook is starting to look like Myspace 1.0
Line Em up!!
At the airport catching a flight to Charlotte for the VMUG tomorrow. You haven't registered yet?? goo.gl/jOtnA
Check it out! New cutting edge gear from New shorts coming soon! Best hoops gear on the market and keeps getting better!
You too Ashley :)
Make the money, dont let the money make you.
I'm mad but I can't remember why ..
WILL U POST PICTURESS??? **im.wasting.away</3**
next step? Smh... Seasons almost over
Hello agents at Ted Kurland. Anybody have any extra time to dedicate to a promising artist on the rise?
For the love of God, can we finally get some new maps for Battlefield 1943?!
Still in need of a part time cook Call or stop in if interested. $10 - $12 per hour based on experience. 414-271-7546
Yeah keep on running your mouth. See where it gets you.
": Going out RT : what you got going for Cinco De Mayo"going to Gotti
Hey , did you know the Global Pickup Artist conference is in #DC and this local will speak
: first thing this morning was finishing paper, then driving to class. Unusual morning.
Take time to be observant of changes in your children (elementary, middle, high school, & college). They always need your love and support:)
Today I am walking from to Tribune Towers starting at 10:30 it is 8.3 miles gonna be interesting first time I am a little sore
10% Off any electrical service when you mention you found us on Twitter. (Up to $150.00 off. Expires 02-15-10).
cut it lengthwise, add some masala spices and salt, and you've got yourself a truly awesome snack! Learned that in India
I've been eyeing an iPad since the first one. Might be time. I'd do the in-app purchase thing if it was useful. Must try first!
There MAY be 10 front offices in the NFL that really know what they are doing when it comes to talent evaluation!!
- heck yea! Cant wait!
But the Maybelline can't hurt, right...? ::coughs::
Love Penelope's dress, but not her hair :-(
I'm working for cause im such a nice person
One day the people Who doubted me will look back and say We doubted Him and Doubted he Would make it. But we forgot to Check his<U+2764>
Canadian justice system dropped the ball big time letting this piece of shit out of jail in 2 years
YOU KNOW WHO!
Thanks for the tip on innovation!
"Dennis, how come you're using two caddies today?" "My wife tells me that I don't spend enough time with my kids."
Tell me what it is that you plan to do w/your one wild&precious life. A ship is safe in port but that is not what ships are for-Mary Oliver
Thank you for the tweets on my Mosaic of Learning Styles post!
Talk about timing! But it was poor management, a tentative board, and a lack of vision that took down Sushi.
but I AM TOTALLY GEEKED TO SEE kids killing kids. Not in real life. Just in the hunger games.
Too late.
Hey little sista! =) You are WAY smarter than most 10 year olds! You're an old (and generous) soul. Love ya! xoxo
50cent wings start now...come get em! Starts 8pm...could win lots of Stubby's bucks!
It's crazy all the emotions forgotten in a year
literally craving another tattoo...I know where part of my first paycheck is going
Thanks so much for the kind words about my presentation at the DFW Conference. It was a pleasure to meet you!
could you please tweet more? i'm in the mood to laugh but already gone through ur recent tweets 12 times ;D
yup I was cryin I'm laughin at u who tries to spit on some one shah I was walkin with Levi lmao and laughin t ur dumb ass !
women think with they cat sometimes lol
Well my day has already been made!:)
When my mom brushes my hair for me>>
I do it for the RATCHEDS!!!!
Today is my birthday yay!!!!!!
me too! Hooray for summer! Nice having the windows open all the time. In mid-March. :)
Congratulations, Lobos for a great season. Sweet 16 next year?
is it okay to ask how small businesses promote CSR? Or is Q&A at the end?
Hans Olson is playing at Fatso's Pizza tonight from 6-9pm.
What if.. Austin called you, and asked if you wanted to be his valentine.
You're welcome! Good luck on finals! RT : Thanks for the snacks, :)
“When your life is in God’s hands every day is your best day.” ~Roy Lessin’s
" invented hey guys"
Morn'in!!!
Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs leading early in the 2nd half 40-24.
Up playing angry birds space .........y lol
o, are your writing a book, JoAnn?!? exciting!
Keena Young was better than Perkins though.
as long as you keep your head down on the way in, you should be fine. Have fun!
WhyTF won't my computer connect to the free public wifi at LAX? What is this little gameboy-looking icon in my connection strength? #?
I'll bring you some!! It was orgasmic! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> lol
no cause I get off at 330. Yes cause I miss sleeping in.
Hip Hip Hooray! Its Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Day! What a great day for the refreshing frozen treat! Hurry or yours will melt.
I'm forming a Synth-Pop duo ala Erasure called HISTRIONIC, and at every live show my partner will throw a tantrum and insist he's quitting.
Damn it's been 6months...smh
Thanks girl! You comin' out for CMAFest?
My life is my message.
The poker tournament takes place TODAY at 7:15pm in 145B SU...$15 Entry Fee...Play for your chance to win an XBOX 360!!!
Oh surprise, traffic while going through Tacoma on I-5.
Creepy but cool, hope you use all of it!
Shout out to aunt jemima. Love you girl
Literally saw this puddgy guy with a tripple X tat on the back of his neck... Wow... SMH.. Yaa... Lolz
Thanks for the mention, Del! And fun to see you getting in some great tweets! :)
Watching film
Thanks to for securing me a room to do a video con call in the middle
What up Nix!
- do you know the dates for your spring show yet?
Can't sleep idk what it is sometimes I wish I had a text buddy
Saltalamacchia's HR means there's only one team left with 0 HR from its catchers this year. That would be Joe Mauer's
Sunday LOL: "The problem with fundamentalists is that 99% of them give the rest a bad name."
dont cry D: if you cry i cry love D':
Excited to have Dr. Michael Greger join as a speaker for #HHH2012. Can't wait for all the you'll share with us!
MARCUS!!!!! please people!! let him win
RT : I don't trust words, I trust actions."
Where is Crazy Joe's? I looked for it two weeks ago when I was in Oconomowoc.
RT Kobe Bryant gets up after banging his head because he's not a - you know.
US markets ride on Europe; their markets gyrate on prospects for banks. All ears to rumors of new multi-trillion$ European leveraging up.
4 minutes till i leave school, yes
teachers union prez claims that "majority of parents dont support petition"- fascinating, since 70% of parents signed it. #really?
Wondering what people are doing this weekend....
: The best part of the #BlackBerry Innovation Forum was seeing the live demo of #PlayBook 2.0 and Balance.
Bubba played his way back in
might need to push it back a bit later. Have my driving test p.s this is not a typo :(
Woah woah woah. Did somebody say Chick-fil-A Sandwhich? It's College Night time!
I got mind control over tylir
Much more to come on Vox after the official announcement from Georgetown, expected at the beginning of this week.
It just got real!!
really??!! What kind of sorcery is that?!
Can't wait to start work as Movement Director for #LAThtr company AthroughZ Productions' upcoming 'Down in the face of God'!
Paparazzi outside my building, so I posed, but I didn't see any flashes? Probably because it's sunny out, right?
Cleaning my woman cave (; and Jammin to my boy !!! Do me a favor and play ride by ciara!!! Thanks (:
will u follow me please
saturday night, or sunday afternoon... drive or chill, starbucks and laughter and heart to heart and all that best friend stuff?
:D aw you called me cutie!!
You too Dan! Kick some Martial Arts Ass!
at my grandparents house
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift, that's why they call it the present...
Why not head to the B and watch the O's take on the Red Sox with a delicious burger or one of our Honey Graham milkshakes!
I Hate Mondays is trending, so True! Today was full of epic annoyances, disasters & disappointment. The weekend is just around the corner!
Hey everyone. Follow Angels & Airwaves:
Great day at West Point yesterday. So good to be able to contribute to the training of America's next military leaders in a fun way.
great view! Can't wait to visit for
if u have jasmine lester- harrold as a friend she can add me a friend at
want your bad romance <U+262E> <U+262E>
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil a drunk person is eating dog food off a human bowl sitti on the kitchen counter next to all the bbq
brooklyn flea this morning, then listening to transference and taking bus home at 4:30pm
classes ended Tuesday but finals are over this coming Tuesday!
haha, wish they still had em there but now it's an extra excuse to head to vegas
lol nah you good...it's other people
Hey computer virus, I have a surprise for you!
my mom loved new song turn to you. she was trying to learn it. she thought it was so sweet that jb wrote a song for his mama!!
My point being we've been teaching the same loving principles for, oh, 2000 years...and I ignore those who are hurtful
Macau...I never heard of that country.
the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.-- Thomas Szasz
found a nice stash! Scored about 5#, but ran out of time & had no bag. Best part is its a new stash.
....but it will eventually be necessary to avoid paralysis.
At $199, it's the everyman's tablet. I picked it over the iPad for that very reason.
Hot DIY assembly action. ie "Ikea fieldtrip day" for the Reno Collective.
“: glory be ta Gawd” lol Lawd u are wired up. Bless the first class stewardess! She gonna put something in it drink
That satisfying feeling when you plan out your LAST 16 units of college...
thanks love! Now we need a baby soon!! :)
Shhhhhsh. We're trying to listen to Apple. “:I swear, the entire world shuts down for Apple these days.”
It was awesome! Can't wait for the next show
WOW! What a night!
Lost in cyberspace for awhile, working on my site. Domestic chores need catching up. So many interesting things to do-not enough time!
Celebrities, Movie Stars, Reality TV Show Stars, Industry Greats, Musicians, Super Star Producers, everyone messes with TKO! tkoentatl.com
Don't hold onto the past, the future will bring happiness <U+2665> .
Texas fans: make up your mind. You can't steal the UT logo and the Power T logo.
seriously I can see you. Stop throwing pens at me.
Hahaha. Yeah I am! Leaving soon. Save me a couple spots if possible!
Dr appt went well my baby is healthy and so am I, please god don't let me get Stretch marks!!!
Rey Ramsey refers to the basement. #oe11. Small beginnings, big idea and great night!
Oilers can kiss my Culo js there lucky these games dont count or i would be going ape shiz on them.
I'm not sure that counts as an incentive, really...
O yessir! thats what I like to hear Ima be back in may I need a show !
Me to :D RT : I love that show!
Sex sex sex sex text text text text
Apparently I didn't "pause" long enough at a red light.... LA has decided to charge me hundreds for making a rt on red. Really?
Blogging Content Ideas: Write a 'How To post': Walkthroughs, tutorials and 'How To' posts tend to do well.
We have insurance with a deductible.
Nikita Khrushchev~ Bombs do not choose. They will hit everything.
My mom thought she was doing me a disservice by giving me cash for my bday. bazinga! 2 gun encyclopedias, my fav batman comics and spawn ...
why don't u play ?
My parents dressed me so ugly when I was little. When I have a baby they're always gonna look cute!
Writing for a 1st reading I have later today #NothingLikeTheLastMinute #writing #shortfilm :)
gotta Brotha slappin his forehead again,but I thank you ;-)
The race car competition will begin soon. Come by and see the different types and guess who will be the fastest!
"meet and greet"more of a sit and clap. My kid is disappointed, it was def not sold that way when deciding to buy season tix
haha yeah me too! :)
coffee-chocolate ALWAYS a safe bet. Well, come to think of it cupcakes are a safe bet. Just sayin'
Did u run that past Goldman Sachs?
MODA designers premier collections at MODA Presents: ‘The Color Theory’
Vigil as the Supreme Court hears arguments in the case of Arizona’s controversial anti-immigrant law, SB 1070. Apr 25. SF City Hall. 11am
U know ur in oklahoma when u see place to rent a cow. LOL
had a good run-in w/ & his spreadsheets in soma. when are we all getting together for beers? cc/
When the Spirit is moving you it often doesn't make sense because it's a process that unfolds over time...trust and faith are your friends!
Disagree. Browns scraping the bottom of AFC North as always.
hey idk who all is going to Madonna but LET'S GET A ROOM AT TE RITZ FOR THAT NIGHT !!!!
I enjoy when my parents make me stay in for the night, i do a whole bunch of productive stuff!
Then this show - why DO I listen to The Takeaway on NPR? - tells me how much Daniel Moynihan cared about Black people.
Fear is that little darkroom where negatives are developed. —-Michael Pritchard
So I been shooting for almost 3 weeks now. I think its starting to catch with me. 12 hour days are no joke.
thanks lina. I do now! looks great! RT Do you know about ?
I wonder if the Jonas brothers are as douchy as their eyebrows make them seem.
Aw // RT "You are the kind of person that makes us feel there's a reason to become your fan! :)"
I have not wooed you
thanks for the #follow!
Young simba been a lion since the start
WANTED: Partners in crime/crime-fighting for the April28 5k & July21 5k. Who's in?
ayoo good luck! I'll be there all summer taking classes so I'm sure I'll see ya!
Ok weather. You can cut out the snowing now
Congratulations Fredo, I knew you would be a Star realtor when I first met you in La Jolla...so proud of you, Keep it up! :-)
In December, eating frittata.
52 degrees and no #snow in #Chicago on Jan. 6?!.. does not compute, but we are enjoying it to the fullest!
But in regard to that earlier tweet, I'm convinced this is a great thing!
just booked flights and an Amtrack train ticket. summer, here I come...only after I survive finals :X
Las Vegas screening is tomorrow! Saturday 10 a.m. at LV Film Fest at LV Hilton. We know its early - just stay up all night and sleep after.
I cant go a single day without atleast one person pissing me off
with straight hair<U+2665> >>
I may not know where I'm going babe.I may not know what I need.1 thang!1thangz for certain baby!I know what I want!N DATS TA PLEAZE YA BAE
#Brewers have a brutal lineup
oh, dirty!
Dam I Love Cheetos
Is it weird that that makes me think of the "Lord of the Rings" films?
I don't lose any advantages by being friends with you
Because seriously, #wat?
mum bought me a cup of oreos
Mariano Rivera...switched attention to become mechanic; baseball as hobby, scouts 1st saw him playing SS, he pitched due to player shortage
I used 2 believe that we had a professional class of politicians, debating important issues in intelligent and respectful ways, not anymore!
Call it what you want!
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen<3 Love this movie
I hate receipt memory triggers. Personal professional fail minefield
no you dont. you say bad kitty to bamm bamm
Sexy Can I haha
Happy Valentine's Day! :)
See me in The Barber of Seville, 6/26& 6/28 At the Riviera Theater in NT sung in English and Italian -Nickle City Opera Production
yeah same here , lol that's not exactly a place you run into somebody on ur TL . Haha , were you asvab testing?
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The miserable have no other medicine But only hope.
Thank GOD for all the amazing roles for women Game Of Thrones has given us!
OMG! My Nieces BF. Have to know context to understand. She is like family .......... I'm embarrassed.
Those Dancers on The Emerald City Sequence was KILLIN!!!!!!
true that.
Here were the penalty shot takers for A&M in order: Allie Bailey, Annie Kunz, Meghan Streight, Rachel Lenz, and Merritt Mathias. All scored.
No its still the same.. But honestly my phone has been tripn I sometimes don't get text or phone calls so don't trip.
A good dose of motivation today
I do too many drugs to remember!
Nah, saying the "DMV" makes it all street & urban-cool.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry
If I told you my secret would you swear to keep it~
Trying all the ways to not feel like Death anymore and none of them are working so I guess I'm Dead now what up y'all
Toss me a heavy rope, it's a slippery slope. Come bail me out of this God-forsaken precipice...
Was that the original Catholics vs. Convicts game?
Ok, NO ONE prepared me for the level of grossness in 127 Hours. Can't stop gagging. How does he not bleed out??!
Damn now im wondering am I a good person?
For videographers with impeccable style try Films Nouveau. www.vimeo.com/19495227 Find them on Facebook as well!
I love our catch up dates. I can't quit you.
Seal of approval? MT : Now that I've had my pre-run beers and meatloaf I'm ready to f____ up this night.
Kevin Love is legit! Dude is leading the league in scoring. Real MVP candidate. Hard work pays off!!!
Where tf do all these people come from ??smh...
Merry Christmas from our family to yours! May your day be filledwith cheer!
wait. That's where you guys went when you left? I know the owners..
That is a tax on soft drinks etc.
read tha name bitch its real yung sweet jones jr.
When a passenger says "nice landing " yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
what you gonna do ?
We often look so long at the door that is closed we do not see the one that is open- download- InSpotter app
They always arguing ova money . Shakana need to chill tf out tho . . . She ghetto as Hell !
Working a a new version of the Breakthrough Creativity Profile, with a deadline on Friday. Will get back to you after that! thx
So jealous! Skied there three days ago and it was patchy and icy.
#APAformatting, I'd almost prefer listening to an entire #Nickelback and #Creed setlist than deal with you.
I believe God
I got 90 friends on Facebook, 38 are pending. LOL Ethan Tremblay too funny!
True. Your world isn't the only world. RT": Just because youre a liar or only know liars doesn't mean everyone else does it."
I am beyond ready to be on the plane heading to the French Quarter Festival with #Whoo!
Roy Hibbert big ass shook the stadium when he dove for that ball lmao
Join us for this fascinating lecture about the battle to reclaim stolen artworks for the rightful heirs!
Congrats to #FlavorYourFriday winner ! You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Plum Bliss :)
shit that was a low blow. Damn.
Time to dig out from 4" snow. Will enjoy a cup of organogold green tea after. It gives a good energy boost!
Going home and going to bed!
T3: With innovations in web design, I wouldn't be shocked if provider websites somehow "absorb" social media sites in future
Florida 06 & 07 #CBS16 back-to-back with same starting lineup sick how good they were
: thank you and how are you ?
Content trapped forever in your CMS is the new content trapped in your CD-ROM.
Sitting inside an office surrounded by windows is a cruel way to spend this gorgeous first day of spring. Enjoy it for me.
Appalachian Granny at Acme Hotdogs! Pie Addicts Anonymous mtg Sat., 3/24, 1-3 pm. Stop in for lunch & fun! Order take home pies in advance!
hope you've had a good day!
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Development Programs for Lead Product, GCS-100
Our pleasure! See you there!
Shawty is the s s s sugar honey icedteaaaa
Ruby Rails vs PHP...Thoughts??
Romo's hand looks like the kielbasa my parents served on Christmas.
good luck moving. You moving within LA?
Been watching Rebecca on Blu-ray. It was like a window to Hitch's future.
Nice treat to hear on the Bucks game tonight. Monta Ellis enjoyed the return as well.
#HAPPYMOTHERSDAY! PAY RESPECT TO YOUR MADUKES!!
Animal show airing in 30 minutes www.blogtalkradio.com/creativeanimalrelief about illegal smuggling and transporting of animals check it out
I "tweeted" once yesterday. Once. And all I really did was just retweet
I laughed so hard I could not breathe, I just accepted the fact that am gonna die.
Thanks for the follow!
At the end of the day, having a "cringely" on the panel tossing some hardballs will make the teams better. Cons & Pros.
#Bears gettin the ball on the 3 yard line.... Tune in this should be interesting!!
Doing some Business Law research. It's giving me high school flashbacks. :(
Relaxing and reviewing, finishing up some packing, some quick errands and a Central Park walk before rehearsal. Sounds good to me!
Yeah, I got that! Observation is great and honorable. Snark has its moments, too. Superstition, never.
RT : We put the libations into the librarians! Hope you enjoyed #txla12 we did! thank's for your wonderful hospitality!
Madonna- Give it to BOHH
Got my drank on RT : Killing bottles of wine with a few girls, no glasses, pass the bottle. Haha
I than OD on that Odd Future album since it came out
Mike!!! You are here! Can u connect on Monday or Tuesday starting a new project in gramercy will be in the city
Get your sexy back!! Weight loss and fitness over 50 is setting you up for health, the rest of you life!
Join your State Rep Pershing Inn, for El Paso fornication night! Free body shots off of your State Rep if you take a yard sign home
#things that i need = my family and dogs
I need to get some high waisted shorts....
I loved that line!
we restore homes after flood damage, so we're more than ready to handle your boat upholstery cleaning needs. 866-970-2532
Sure! Wish I had more to share now
dinner/lunch this week? What's your schedule?
Before Obama American mind set - "Get rich or die trying" The Obama Today Mind Set - "Get rich or claim benefits"
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family...off to bed long day @ work gonna go see my babe tomorrow night
Thin "lifeless" tone?...try some flatwounds on your bass,they are old school "voodoo" ask somebody!
Shooting with today for a new #JBCreative project.
Thanks to for retweeting the NHL league! #Props!
Its them GunShots Singing In The Wind At Night. So I Sing With Them.
just tried it last week it was very good & cheap!!
LMAO, what a crazy last few minutes of the half. I bet you guys are having a blast!
I'm still hoping the grizzlies beat the Clippers, just so my pick for the series ain't wrong. Lol.
Isn't all you are looking for is a moment of extreme clarity, peace, and focus with a really good feeling?
Awesome time in Middlebury with and the Mokaad crew...we done did it YO
congrats!!! Where did your brother graduate from?
thank you!!(:
Goodnight all! Happy April Fools Day. :)
Police have person in custody related to bomb threats @ university of Pitt. X prof who sent paranoid 150 pg. manifesto to current professors
Paula Reid is just mad because the secret service agents didn't ask her out. Hater.
Lovin how I can't do anything anymore
Oh, Ian, you are about to find out how classy... I am not.
Damn, just realized it's Thursday :s . This week went by TOO FAST..
the only bad thing was a 40 degree, windy, wet day @ Wrigley. We were prepared for cool, but that was pretty dang cold.
Dnt Get To Lying, Making Up Excuses &Shid
Wow, only 2 more days until episode 2 of Terrible People!!!
If only I knew a place to get good coffee...*light bulb* ...PORTOLA! RT : Make sure to finish this year off with great coffee.
wow you don't know where el rey is at. Shame on u
Techies Day - "COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key". Be sure to let your technological guru know how much you appreciate them!
#Fuck you Lucas ! I do not want you in my life more ... -_- I'm
i love ashley benson! and it reminded me of alison on pretty little liars when she died
Tom Brady! 4 Rings like Skip said! Go Skip!
Im just ready for today after school with my best friends. They take my mind off of everything.
the set, tech weekend, and getting ready for a HUGE opening week!!! Get your tickets now Los Angeles!!!
WTF would Minorities want with a Mitt unless playing baseball Catcher?
Yes! RT : Can't wait to read Magellan Media () study for #BISG on altered #metadata & how pubs can solve issue.
FYI, developing a virtual network to connect wholesale buyers with physical #foodhubs nationwide.
If you hadn't pointed your scars out I probably never would've noticed. You look great in all the stuff you try on 4 your Tweeps.
pleaaassse follow me !
negative. Manuel is the princess, you could go pick up a book though.
In right in the middle if downtown LA can see the X Games and the red carpet from my hotel. Pretty exciting place to be right now.
I FREAKING LOVE YOU!!!!
a fun and spontaneous day with Look out for the latest Getting Out of Morningside post on
I'm a gummy bear (:
:) lurrrrv you too!!!
Working on thesis and my mind is spinning on war metaphors
Just made her super secret and delicious chicken marsala. Jealous?
FYI... The sleep cycle app doesn't work when you're sharing a bed with someone. Obvi.
You have got to be kidding me! I believe now that the #Brewers do, in fact, suck.
for ridley: does the movie give many 'easter egg' nods toward Alien?
yea man i hear that
I know right! He should be on American idol or the voice or whatever other crazy singing competition is on tv now
I do!
Nice... Working on it...
hazel eyed people fall for people faster than another colored eyed person<3
The worlds youngest parents were 8 and 9 in china in 1910
I'ma go at 7, because I wanna try and be on the way to the hotel like 7:30 cause with all the pictures and shit we'll be late
Reply to this to enter the drawing for a free family admission pass to NW Family & Kids Festival from KUIK
RT : Infant immunization week: This year National Infant Immunization Week is from April 21-28. This annual observanc......
Its a new day people, wake up and live life to the fullest. Remember life is what you make it. Life ya dreams, keep it pushing!
def wouldnt sell welbeck just been fuckin up a lot lately. I do like him but his haircuts wank
So sad I'm gonna miss the Loft Tour! Will be out of town. :-(
G. Roger Denson: When the Personal Is Made Political: Left Political Art Timeline, 1980-1989
Hey, I think I might be a fan of that place too ;)
Damn you Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives... Why must you show me all these amazing food places that I can't go to???
Any states allowing iPhone marriage yet?
You played live and acoustic at our station in San Diego...was I impressed!
Although I liked the movie, not enough to get the book. Kinda spoil the nice visuals for me.
I'm looking for a highly skilled developer/engineer. Anyone know anyone qualified looking for work?
‘The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.’ -Albert Einstein
hahaha no I'm drinkin too! Sum of that whiskey :D
I love you guys. I mean this in the gayest way possible. Vjugffghjkbfdc....
I'm going to have a stroke.
Great run with SDR at Mission bay tonight. Tuesday night group is the best.
Tribute to #modern #dance pioneer, Loie Fuller 6pm tonight at LPA
Follow for the latest happenings in Davis Square
I think I'm getting tired of Twitter
She's the only person on this planet that's got your back no matter what.
No! The whole sporting world is watching this game...
I was skeptical, but you're right! Did 30 day shred this a.m. Only 20min but amazing cardio/weight/ab workout!
I Really enjoyed story! Very touching & Inspiring. I love how he credits his familia :) gr8 piece!
Our key to happiness is collaborating to sing beautiful music--from sublime masterpieces to groundbreaking, contemporary works.
if the Believe tour is sold out by the time i can get them tickets, Y'all can come swim in my pool of tears
on the west side i got
There's a bill pending to control rents of offices and stores. It's a very good bill, except that there's a nasty little joker in it. [1945]
-- great to have you join us. Where are you from?
#SHOUTOUT u seem real cool wassup
thanks for following :)
I realized yesterday that my two greatest influences have been Mr. Rogers & George Carlin. Both understood human nature fully.
what are you guys up to this weekend?
DHS has an "Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties" W.T.F.? Oh, they've made a Facebook page and want you to LIKE them. Double WTF.
Watched it. Always enjoy Piper's Pit but I kind of felt like you were too "nice." I miss the edginess. Overall 6.
on converting museum staffers to social media: "We need a lobbyist"
Going out for dinner =)
Did u come out this past Sunday?
Venue Spotlight: House of Sweden
Let's go Mavs
Im so sorry, I figured out what the problem was. I had to use another email with the cc problem, and i had forgotten. sorry!
We've got $3 Bloody Marys and Mimosas today until 3pm... Let's go Bears!!
Question for all of my little TwitTits: What's your favorite candy?
Psalm 11:7 For the LORD is righteous, he loves justice; the upright will see his face.
Jefferson 48 Toledo 39 with 6 mins to go in the game.
In Seattle, there certainly is!
Live tweeting from #AHA2012 session: "Law, Sexuality, and Community: Legal & Popular Understandings of Illicit Sex in 19th Century America"
#BocaGrande Fire Dept wins rib cookoff at #pioneer day Desoto County.
wats good bro
You got that right!<3
's your random @ joke of the day?!
Will fuck for OutsideLands ticket(s).
Football season is close RT Football Freaks: Big Ten media days are July 26-27 at Hyatt Regency McCormick Place in Chicago.
DO NOT DO DRUGS! and quit offering them to me.
considering you probably have to shave left-handed because of the # of innings you're throwing you might as well
RT : The first Bible to be published in America was in the language of the Algonquian Indians
I'm good (: how are you?
afternoon coffee, chocolate chip cake, handwritten notes, photographs
woahhhhh settle down sweetheart.:) i just asked how you were doing!
Any #USD students around?! Who wants some #mix1?
thank you! "What a beautiful store! Probably the best #ecommerce furniture store we've ever seen."
RT : Congrats and welcome to Dr. Stephen L. Ondra - new CMO at Northwestern Memorial Hospital
sounds like some shit I say
"Walk-On" was great! He painted very vivid pictures of life as a walk-on playing for two different coaches & playing w/ pros.
sorry I'm just seeing this. Our hours are Mon-Sat 12-10 and Sunday 12-8... come on in!
A special thanks to everyone who contributed time & effort to help Dance Is The Answer reach new territory, new audiences & new ideas!
Beauty fades
That moment when you sing Can't touch this' Then someone touches you.. NO! you just ruined it..
Watching the today's Yankee game. Had to record it since I wasn't going to be home. Thank god for DVR!!
This car tracks how many hours we drove... Since we left home 2 weeks ago, it says 91.4 hours of driving has happened.
Just saw a friend who's also a #guestofawedding this weekend. She's been following the #styledilemma and thanked me for sharing the fun.
Should have slept in this morning - sitting in common sense filled session and can't get out
Haha. I know it is weird ... Musicians. Haha.
what did you do?
Happy Friday!
10th in state(: not to bad! Haha my nerves got the best of me.. Haha
by1982.com is up & running in the new office! now is the time to get web & print marketing projects off the ground!
If you wanna follow back, tweet me now cuz I cant follow all of you, too lazy so tweet me! :D
welcome! It was a great article
Hello everybody.
I think I look at the Christian Louboutin website to depress myself.
im a notorious night owl that is why lol :) why are u Up?
« Scott Drewno wins DC!! Congrats!! #cochon555»
r u serious church lasted the whole day.i have 2 essay and have to practice. :(
is coming over for my birthday :) i'm so happy :D
so true!
It's always important to help a friend in need.
surprise ending!!!
I'm going on a walk right now. Here I go... Ciao bella!
that's why he loves you!
Nigga I will smoke your ass.lol
Sorry I missed the lovefest. It would be awesome if you could make it soon
I never knew that about coffee. I'm on my second cup now.
If you never ask you never receive. Can you help open a door for UNITY? A lead for support in Pittsburgh? Its time to GROW!
Anyone have advice regarding Vizio TVs? Yay or nay?
i wanna crowd surf onetime!!!!
I will NOT be supporting #homophobic producer TD #Jakes movie
If any of you bought 's Chris Wood DDS deal, you know he and Kathy are the sweetest folks in LJ. And they have an angelic dog!
so thankful for all i have
#HowToBeRejected only call me when you want to hook up.
8 mile is trending right now...I'm feeling a movie marathon and lots o'beer when I get back next weekend
this is like the 2758732th time this has happened to you . D:
Hindsight's blind and stuff....
I mean Phil has more majors than Tiger does, seems appropriate
"I like big butts AND I cannot lie." It sounds like Sir-Mix -A Lot is just stating random facts about himself.
Shoutout to for being on the today show and killing it
Wondering why Steve Jobs' perfectionism never reached the web store scalability team
RT! ": In two or three years I will definitely be outta this city."
RT : POTUS: "I've ordered every federal agency to eliminate rules that don't make sense."
Fitness Tip 47: Have a close friend to talk to!
back to work, and this day is pretty much a grind
I'm such a hipster, b.
I'm at That is all
Hello spring! Ready for the weekend....
Farewell, Baltimore...
“Butterflies are self propelled flowers.” R. H. Heinlein
I love working out to cheer music. It pumps me up!
#PictureLock. We're getting close to a final film.
I think I'm feeling a new ring tone<3(;
Looking for a hidden gem dinner place somewhere around Brattleboro, VT or Keene, NH....anyone?
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Paperwork time!
Loosing followers >:/
Some people are only in a relationship because they don't wanna be alone.
$1million to the first person that gets a shot of Bieber planking?
is your mom on Twitter?
better wrap it up, SKYRIM is coming!
very sad story on this dreary morning
When people get on my nerves I tend to get in a be alone mood RT : I see u didnt make it out last night
Just got in the car to head to Philly for #IBXrun10. Already have to pee...
Check out cupcake flavor of the week - KEY LIME! Vanilla cupcake with key lime cream cheese frosting! YUM! 41 W. 5th St
Lakers getting smashed. Knew it!
I did watch it. Horrible.
Wow Jeffery. t(-_-)t
Great Stuff !
i bet if he was doing something on the board and you started talking about some damn cookies he'd wanna kick yo ass lol
I wish she had a twitter!
Your welcome! :)
They gon be butt naked making me fruitista's n shit.
Well u dont know if there dating but um Chris?Taylor? Idk haha what is his name?!?!
thanks for being the crazy, funny, dorks you guys are. You all are my inspiration! <3
Thanks for making it out! RT : enjoyed yesterday's follow up session hosted by FCCU and led by Jim Dever from the...
#TeamLucca, having seen him perform before, I'm a bit biased. That and his mad talent. Although Jermaine is a powerhouse.
And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?
oh NOW you get back to me. lol! Wanna do tomorrow?
#Didyouknow that you could be getting 10% off at #Chicago Bagel Authority with a #GoLocal card? Ask about it next time you're in!
Yayy!! Justin has a twitter now
Happy mothers day mom your the best
Okayplayer.com. Or go to chris Dave twitter page
I think I'd be a lot more interested in Pinterest if it had something to do with Harold Pinter.
I saw a soccer team score more often in 5 minutes this morning than the White Sox have in two days.
every time i suspect there's a demon in the bedroom, it's just breathing
My boyfriend. Oh my god, can't even describe how he makes me feel.
when you're in love with a song so its on instant replay
Where we're Farieds teammates after Kobe hacked Faried? #WheresLaimbeer?
love u too khloe
RT : My heat is off for the winter. Off. I stubbornly refuse to turn it on again. It's SPRING! //how'd that go last night? :)
I'm looking forward to the at this weekend. How can you not love the island green, par 3 17th hole?
hell me, I'm dying
also please let us know how we can be a positive asset/attraction to north park!
it has to come out, soon!!
Sharing her experience of being in a car accident at age 18 through documentary-style theater allows her to connect w/ audience.
thanks& most def
by who??
Well, politics / economics. They're completely correlated anyway, most especially right now. And hell, why not philosophy too.
Accurate - World Series. When it mattered most. RT Inaccurate
I know I know that's why I'm just putting my nose to the books and getting it done. plus it's always 80+ here haha
Explore new places with your mate and you'll forge new memories.
That was a great story Jenna! Good job on it.
Listening to talk about big data and his experiences at reddit and Netflix.
An if u against me u better do yo best to stay tf out my way!
If I had a dick I'd be applauded and called a real man. But i'm a female, so the world calls me a bitch.
#BoonDockKingz if you dont already know, Google it.
Thank you for the follow, Jeanne!
Thank You Anna.
AH i miss you
I'm leavin tomorrow ASAP ): but I'm sure we'll see you over the summer!
So like why evils though
Registered finally and trying to cram the presentation into the template for Educause
Good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
My thoughts, my dreams, my passions,my desires, my loves...my choice
Hopefully I keep having days like yesterday
I need a nap <U+E13C>
In life as in dance: grace glides on blistered feet. -Alice Abrams
We got 6 trick or treaters tonight - it's a new record! Too far off the main drag, but it has its benefits (still have bowl full of candy)!
I really like
Can't wait for Brewers and Packers today!
Can't explain why your lovin makes me weak</3
#imweakfor my pandora!!!
countdown to vinny's ustream...3 minutes to go.
So.... um, is it still ok for me to be your girlfriend on Facebook?
Another hard day of work , Make sure you go pick up that album Now !
This cute girl just walked out of the bathroom but the fecal backdraft wouldve made hulk hogans mustache fall off.
Depressed. Heart broken. But Indy is a terrible place for the Super Bowl anyway.
Hey no problem. Meeting at 9:00 again. Got child care this time.
Sleeping in during exam season makes me wake up in panic mode
Always something fuckin up with the Carlow computers
why on earth do i need to be informed that the president got his lip busted open while playing basketball?thats not really my kind of gossip
tell Lisa to put hydrogen peroxide in her ears to help her cold...
RT": What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy"
Ay there's so many people that wanna see the lakers lose...man y'all eat a dick lol
What happened to ?he unfollowed & disappeared/suspended?/self absorbed? Dave,whats up?
the last time I tried was 2 years ago. then I saw one gif last week and figured I'd try to be animated.
oh yeah I forgot to tell you I'm not having a party anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I'll tell you the chisme later but alright thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
I'm glad you and Judi are friends
I belong in Europe. Preferably the UK.
i dont do trash in my TL
I think if he doesn't notice me I might die I've liked him since god knows when and he doesn't know who I am
#RIPAngel<3 I rlly hope ur ok Austin! She will ALWAYS be with u.. In ur heart<3 just think of all the good times with her <333
Everybody showed love while I was in the hospital. I felt like royalty lol
If you don't write out the instructions for the gadget you're making in good and proper English, it is won't be built right.
Woke up at 8 ran four miles then went to gym now...... Shower!!!
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive…
Little Mermaid opens at the Scottish Rite on October 3rd, & Julius Caesar opens the same weekend at the Emily Ann. Come check them out! :)
setlist continued reckless and relentless, a prophecy,cowboy king, the final episode
RocLyfe Ent. artists Nerdtastic will be releasing their mixtape in late January..stay tuned
Rush gets Cipolloni to fly out to right, #UVA leaves the bases juiced. Still 2-0 Georgia Tech mid 3rd.
“: Let's re-write history I'm filling in the blanks”.
The Actor in a Leading Role Award goes to Jeff Bridges for his work in Crazy Heart
waking up early for work <<<<<
Haha! That's hilarious!
iphones getting full. gotta delete stuff <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Ha! He has too many songs mixed in one. This song is some trash
I said 25 not 5. And I said creative not techno bullshit so pitbulls 5 hits can go.
Sen. Tom Harkin: Fixing Economy Starts With Early #Education via
I'm so tired *wa*
When I kiss a guy I love it when he takes control...it makes me a little less nervous. c:
Just saw the spread for the game on Saturday is 40, yeah 40
going bowling ?? yeah ... my Friday night , ( :
get ready boys
WHY am I still at this place?
Make a great impression today - Do something unexpected for someone and start their week off right!
I can't seem to find Tiger Woods on the leader board at the Masters...oh never mind, had to scroll to the 4th page...meow!
thanks for the follow today Adam.
I kinda want to Sunday Funday but I kinda want to just lay in my bed... But what I need to do is study:(
Thank you, she seems fine today, it was weird, she'd puke then go eat then puke, a bulemic puppy? she hasn't done it today. :-)
No more shout outs? Last chance
After I read to the kids at Open Door tomorrow it's off to hear David Mathison at #Katonah Village Library at 10:30.
Her voice *did* sound way smokier! RT w/ all the Zou Bisou Bisou talk everyone forgot to mention Sally Draper's pack a day habit
hooray! I wish I had internet to listen to the rest of it.
Which jersey are the #Timbers wearing tonight?
Awesome! Thank you so much!
Morning! Preparing for another day @ work.
"When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves." - William Arthur Ward
RT : Congrats to Board President Annette Shapiro, who was chosen as one of KCET's Jewish Heritage Month local heroes:...
I love Austin Carter Mahone <U+2665>
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak and nobody knows why, not even her. And she just can't let go.<U+2764>
yes, responding with love is good advice. Do you have a tween?
Q:What do you do with percussionists that lose one of their drumsticks? A: Stick them up front of the group and tell them to wave their arms
time to buy an iPad
not done giving away stuff tonight...another deucebrand watch on deck...guess the # of pts clips/spurs will win by...RT example spurs by 12
Once again, Rajon Rondo, petrified of offense. #Ups&Downs
"It is better to be the lowest servant of the lowest servant on earth than king of all the dead," as Achilles put it.
sounds great. Loving the product so far. If it does come up on the timeline drop me a fyi please.
Judge expected to rule on Washington County Sheriff contempt issue late today.
Really hyper today, there's no way I can study with out my adderall
I feel like today will be a good day!!!
Thirsty Thursday
#NEU Grad Students, come to a focus group with about the Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies: 10:00 in 540 Holmes
Can't sleep
Since I made Advanced on the Literacy Exam.. I'm going to use up all of my absences :)
what kind of bf do you want?
no hahaha.. im #flattered that you're #honored :P
I hope they make a live action Iron Giant with a 50 ft. tall Vin Diesel.
have fun in Taiwan!
Watching Jeepers Creepers
was downloaded 1 million times in it's first 24 hours by Android users.
you're so clever
just remind me
Hitting the road again this weekend. Making our tour playlist now, which is currently heavy. Love those guys!
Sorry! I already gave them away.. I'll be giving away tix to each home game, so keep an eye out :)
Biscuits! Lol! Too funny! I would never have thought of that! :)
Catching from last week's Spring Break trip - had an amazing time in DC! Can't wait to return...kiddo LOVED IT!
The moment you realize you have a bunch Twitter updates that never sent from forever ago. #wtf -.-
& I play shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers....": Obama is a constitutional scholar,..."
hey beautiful ;-)
I don't say or do anything to please others.
come to the County! Maybe park outside a video game company...
You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you are going, because you might not get there. ~ Yogi Berra
Come enjoy a cold beer on this nice sunny day in the U-District! $3 drafts, $2 domestic bottles, $3.50 imported/microbrews.
Whoohoo loving Mondays & seeing all these new followers! Thank you
If Blizz wasn't so busy making new pets to sell, they totally would've already developed a talent to reduce that CD /trollface
Pouring here on Madison's Southwest Side. Heading to Monroe -- where it's abundantly sunny -- for a softball game at 5 p.m.
water heater died. Three really cranky women in my house.
Sirens going off everywhere
Truly disappointed WI teacher union backed a candidate before all contenders were in the field. Feels wrong, shortsighted.
Getting ready to post a Financial Systems Analyst Consultant - mortgage industry position on Career Builder for Compugain Corporation
I really wanted to come to LA <3 but I will always love and support him no matter what <U+2665> #MahomieForLife (':
is a big fan of nuclear, but when things go badly... here's hoping they can avert another tragedy (or two)!
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on...
You sound amazing on #BOYFRIEND! Can't wait to see the video!
Nice man! Let's get there too.
had a good time with some chill people <U+263A>
Thanks for expertise today.
Just learned about a program called Fresh Lifelines for Youth (FLY) while @ lunch by #irvine fdn!
i did this little thing called sleep for like 4 hours when i got home from work... sorry if anyone thought i fell off the planet..
factor the cost into your final product and do it via kickstarter.
Documentaries of whites calling Black people Ni**a/Ni**er,movies and real news reports.So WHY do Black people embrace the word?
G'night B!
wut are you looking for lease or exclusive?
i'm having a 1D house party!! Can't wait to watchi the tour Dvd!! :D
y am i tweeting about kansas? idk shit about it :-) thnx kansas for this tweet u ppl r awesome <3
Today is 63°F!!! Enjoy this weather while we've got it! Come join us for a #bike ride along the #ABQ #RioGrande river.
ok.(: i will. Maybe after lunch? Later tonight?(:
amen you tell him Mr. Booker.
We're excited you're excited to follow. :) We hope you can participate at some point.
fuck. pray for my mom/:
Thank you for your prayers!! besos
If sings, he should audition for our chorus. Go Cardinals!
Quote of the day believe that everything is possible an,that all problems are solvable
You! Help me what follow me and I say a follow you! This is true :/
Hey... what if it's a wheat penny? lol
Im so stupid.
Meeting at the factory, samples coming, working hard to please all the HOUSE guests
follow me on twitter follow me on twitter
Head down now to see our beautiful cinemascope print of '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days.' Tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
Indulging in an empanada and some Tampico! So yummy! ;)
lmfao i know i was being a smartass im fucking with u.
To be clear, we do not consider ourselves a "corporate sponsor" of Rush Limbaugh, nor any other show host on either side of the political de
This conference call is less painful with #xoom in hand. Ty ! =)
Indie singers and musicians have really opened up the music scene! Kudos to all of you for putting it all on the line!
listening to it now.
Remember your attitude is a mirror of your mind.
Im hungry.. fed me..
yes! Send us your thoughts so she can create one for you! :)
It's a lazy fan nickname. The equation of 'Name'+y (or ie)=nickname is so 2000 and late GoGo
yea but... mine got a nice pair of chimichanga's that im trying to #unearth. word to
I would lie and say that you're not on my mind
hold it down & stay true.
Went to walmart today and only spent $53 on groceries!!
oh u got jokes!
Omg # JustinandhisteaminBrazil , , could not be more excited my love!! Please answer me love youu
#salesforce announced a dedicated app store for governments today! We will be there.
She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene ah!
So I'm really sad that is coming to buffalo the one weekend I'm busy :/
...making Wordpress my bitch...
#Gators lead the #Wildcats at the half, 7-2. Today's combined game score already tops last night's record low of 9.
lol of course
lol all late but ...why didn't you invite me ):
i'm always horny but i luv a nasty show 2 get going in the am. what's your favorite time of day to get off to hot live webcam porn online?
Sudden craving for maraschino cherries... wtf?
feeling a bit hopeful indeed.
Get Well Soon!
Great friend and fundraiser for Many Lights Foundation last night in Freemont-Ballard neighborhood.
ugh. rough 2nd quarter.
oh yeah, i couldnt find u.
no doubt. ill see if i have the whole record zipped and I can shoot you the mp3s.
- thanks man!! Much appreciated. It's nice to finally be back
Here was my akward moment of the day..Today a lunch my Boy friend's Best friend sence 2d grade asked me out with my BF was right behind me!
follow me, i'll DM you
hasnt Cody been there before? Im from Washington. and then im sure you will see Cody eventually! :D and stupid NSYNC
good afternoon... :)
its almost 4 in the morning and im still up watching netflix
Do people not understand the word no or..
Kayla is going to be PISSED when she finds out I won this bet . (;
oh gosh..chem sucks/:
A certain time in a certain dimension deep in space
Storms coming thunder & lightening.....
took the jack3d today..OMG!!!
If there's a golf course in heaven, I hope it's like Augusta National. I just don't want an early tee time - Gary Player
is plotting her escape!
very true! Im seeing transformers 3
jeez make a big deal out it why dont ya?
Thank you to #Metro for participating in our silent auction!
walk into my house and see fat albert on tv
Wow, crazy to think that is twice the resolution of my first computer :).
"You Think You Know Everything, But You Don't know Anything"- The Plot In You
Food Eater's Dilemma happening now in Stamm Hall, with Camas Davis (Portland Meat Collective), Betty Izumi (PSU), & more!
oh right. And I have Creighton in the final 4....lol
You don't have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things, to compete.
Holy crap. Bogut gone? Monta Ellis in. Job security on the Bucks is not one of our strong suits. We shall see how this works.
Feeling great today!
Could see Fergie putting Valencia on for Jones and doubling up w/ Tony/Nani on the right. Seen it before.
Every week I give 2 Broke Girls a chance after HIMYM...and I never make it past the opening sequence.
$200 for referrals
Good luck tonight to win Dog Writer's Assn. Maxwell Medallion
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone <--- My everyday tweet from now on
i'm #AGirlThat would love to get noticed by but if not.. its okay (: <U+2665>
No matter what phone I have no one can hear me --
can u say BI-POLAR. Lol
and thank you. happy Monday.
should we make it 3 for 3 this week?
are you fangirling?
Happy Halloween, everyone! Kids out trick-or-treating. Holding up the fort here. Getting quite a few goblins.
That Elliott Smith song always makes me cry.
I can't believe we're graduating in just a couple weeks. We made it, you guys, we made it! Class of 2012! WOOT WOOT
yea so weird!!!
Check out The Universal Negro Creed
RT Damn I'm Getting Old ..man in 30 how u think I feel lol
That term "red blooded American" is weird. As opposed to a green blooded one?
So what we learned from the #superbowl is that Tom Brady and Bill Belichick can't win without cheating
#SO #BadAss of the day! ": Also, 6:30am is a terrible time for prowling. Some of us are sleeping, asshole."
Jonathan Saenz with Liberty Institute and Dennis Coleman with Equality Texas are in our FOX 7 Studio and will debate about same sex marriage
Isn't it funny how the Reich wing's crusade to "save families" is actually tearing families apart?
last period LAW!!! LETS GO
Nothing is real.
S.Casper: "Inspired direction by me for #dareproject: talk faster, then slower. Thank God actors talented enough to compensate for director"
Yikes! when do you think the lake will freeze? I want to come ice fishing w/ !!
haha yeah ik , Oreoo right ? :) she's my best friend (twitter) :)
Zimmerman should have been arrested
“Students are loving it,” -says Erin Wyatt, teacher integrating 'Is It Night or Day?' into class at Highland Middle School Libertyville, IL.
Finally putting pen to paper and outlining my next project: A Thousand Words meets John Carter, w Sam Elliot playing protag, The Lorax.
your welcome <3!! oh i love your icon :D
Just got back from watching Chronicals, Journey 2, and GhostRider.
The day I meet & will be the most amazing Moment 4 Life :)
hey same here and I am loosing faith
I miss my husband, dogs, clothes, shoes, kitchen, culinary utensils.... To wit, my life. If I’m not home by next weekend, I’ll go insane.
Ah processing rates!!!!
OH "Finally. Someone in Germany is happy."
. discussing the disruptive & corrosive effect on community (not just the DH community) of the "hotness" of DH.
Debut of the new roller coaster at King's Island...a sneak peak today...plus fallout from the jackets first playoff game-join us this a-m!
RIP Jim Marshall, the mastermind behind Marshall amps.
Sweet dreams world!
Not necessarily deeper than I think. Celebrity is a hell of a drug.
Thanks for the mention.
It could happen!
My head is soon to fall off my neck..so tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
TONIGHT: Jackson Katz will be speaking about "The Macho Paradox" in Devlin 008 at 6PM. A book signing will follow!!
#Kony2012 is blowing up on twitter.
not too worry though...we will have it for St. Paddy's again!
RT : #SAGITTARIUS are warm, affectionate, funny, and interesting people to just have a good time with. - Not when I'm starving.
Cristiano enters the arena and announces he is faster, stronger, richer and sexier than any other thing, ever. Probably right.
who do you think you are
On #timesucceed, says this movement will be successful if grassroots leaders make it happen.
Coconut oil is great as a supplement, but I just can't seem to enjoy anything I cook with it
“God is all Names and all forms.” ~ Sai Baba
2 months from today
Always play with , you will never pay for a drink again.
Make sure you follow some of our brokers who are active on Twitter -
Universities in Crisis: A Mediaeval Institution in the Twenty-first Century, eds. Neilsen and Gaffield
Chicago we are ready for you at our nightclub!!! Book your outing with us!!! AWESOME BOTTLE SPECIAL! Message us for the details!
Told my grandma I don't need a bed, I'm sleeping on the floor
Paddy () says, "Don't say stupid things in public." Word.
I wish <3
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows
Happy B-Day Carlos Castillo, I miss you buddy...... Hope your having an amazing time..... love ya winnie boy lol:)
El Pastor Restaurant wishes everyone a Happy Turkey!! Make your New Year's Eve Reservations Now..973 589 2801
Hate me? I don't care, because you're not the first person who hated me and you're not going to be the last either
Just looking back at things makes me realize that I'm not who I was before and I think I like it. =]
Ha! The possibilities? They are endless. At least in my world.
because I feel like you would say something like this. Or you would be the knitter...
Busy morning at #acrl2011 ! Great to have Kevin Kidd from BC libraries hanging out at our booth 1019.
Chill out with us @ Miami Improv on Sunday. Tickets on sale at Fest @ Official Fest Booth. www.bobmarleymovent.com for more info.
hi:) how are you doing?
Do you need to lower the cost of office furniture installation and dis-assembly ? . Let Me help you achieve that goal. You buy the furnitur…
Got a great visit tonight from , true friends really make a night fun.
Weekend workshop San Francisco: January 16 - 17. All Level Actors are Welcome. Limited Space Available! Sign up now. www.actorsintensive.com
oh the #sweet #smell of #swagger at #karmaloop and #plndr with repcode MARYJANEEATER to save your wallet 20% oh shiiizzz.
Illinois thinks it's too good for Groce? Not all about W's and L's. Groce gets the most out of what he has - proof in NCAA tournament
At the CSPAN viewing party for "Founding Rivals" hosted by my friends Steven and Heather. Glad to watch the debut with good friends.
It's #Gameday baby!! There was no such thing as Saturday morning cartoons in my childhood. Raised on Football! Fight On Trojans!
- shall we put U down 2 attend Shoot To Cure event fri nite? 6pm Chargers Park. Current & fmr Bolts 2 attend.
RT : Video of brawl posted online shows airmen in uniform egging on a fight & participating too. The video at 10.
Wow if ur that petty to where you are worried if u use ur friends name when ur calling ur crush that is fucked up! Go get a life! Bitch!
Did you voice these? Awesome!
Virginia Wildlife official says "commercializing" sales of live animals of food leads to dwindling pop. Not true. Farming increases pop.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<U+2728>
Night night
Wide awake from my nap which is good i got things to do....bout to.make these note cards for my presentation in the am
I love my dog.
There needs to be more sleep when you have a cold.
Going to the monet races woo hoo
you think these speeds are here to stay and an indicator of what might be to come on their LTE networks ?
not your roommate dude. But nice try...
Thanks for having us at your last opening--LOVED "On Moving" and very excited to see the new building!
From this week's print edition: In 2010, 36% of #Groupon's revenue came from outside North America. Last year, that number jumped to 59%.
My fav rule of reinvention #you must pick up the tools
Off to run a few errands before starting my first shift as their city desk reporter.
God, even I hate these douchy Phillies "fans."
I know how important it is, but amazing that only 13% and yet the effect it has
haha yes he did so did Kevin and two guys I don't know
iced in, but the heat from the i7 while compiling a new Android image keeps me warm.
Sisyphus' master keys!
Shout out to our newest tweeps!
This ppl gon tell me the day I gotta take the SAT but not the time I gotta be up there
Phone vibrates at home: Barely hear it. Phone vibrates at school: EARTHQUAKE.
Let's not yell at our scene partners unless it's called for.They can hear us.Speak as you normally would unless you're 1 of those whisperers
Tomorrow in Marana, AZ we will honor our 19 fallen brothers lost April 8, 2000 in a terrible V-22 Osprey crash.
you guys need to have a "new section" .. I'm obsessed with stalking your website to find out what's new!
I was greatly reassured im still a classy chick for what I do.
Good luck to Darla Harris tonight at WFC!
Offense is looking better - and how about that Bears D-line they are redicoulous! We are going to blow up the big easy! Glad Lach is back!
so right about Caroline..Vika only chance against Serena is 2 play longer points(she has the athleticism 2 do it). Pova(no)
u n gone leave me alone this Monday mornin
we are glad to have you at Reshape. We welcome anyone wanting to make huge changes in their lives, you can do it! ~RTN
Any wagers on who will have the 36 hole lead? We're going with the surging Rory, if he can get by that bugaboo 10th hole.
Thangs dun got way outta hand..
Just preemptively scolded the dog for things he's yet to do. He kinda gets it. Not at all.
How's everybody doing to today?:)
Night driving through Mississippi, fueled by gas station coffee and satellite broadcast from The Grand Ole Opry.
super excited for this weekend!
your dude tweet sounds like a great story - care to share?
no i didnt say it...:O
Another do nothing day for alg2. I guess.
I like to think I've never been the "I've got it all figured out" type. But I'm starting to feel like I got the gist of it.
GoodMorning :) dang is it early!!!
... and I went to school with the writer!
sup bruh:D
Nigga got sum fake True Blues on
Shabbat Shalom everyone. Have a great Labor Day Weekend.
Just dropped hannah off for her first day at Options, a homeschool enrichment school one day a week!
have fun with Joey!!!
i want it for the rest of the year!
If there is 1 thing not 2 go cheap on its ur food. Your body deserves the best fuel! “: Lita Yeah they really do be getting over”
What To Look For In An iPhone Ringtone Application ...
Peter Pan and Up The Down Staircase coming to the Athenaeum Theater www.yatkids.org
Agreed about the patience! Also now realize why i haven't joined tech sooner. Information Overload! I hope I will adapt :)
The odds aren't in your favor though.
Vanderbilt wins the hotter cheerleader competition. Well played Commodores!
I hate you! Uh
RT : The follow up event to the class that Ted Munat taught is 2night! Inner Chapter Books. 4-9. Tickets avail. Still....
Nebraska also showing strong interest in Jeremiah Jones of St. John's Military Academy's post-graduate program.
Ok so - G Road 15s 58. Team united 47. Win Big Shots Championship!
kissing grits can't be good for the lips.....
I just made my first live binder. Useful tool. I shared some great tech tools I learned at #tmky11 with folks today!
In 2010, Gov Walker beat Barrett by about 123,000 votes. Barrett says many voters have since apologized for not voting for him back then
I want to just say home and finish watching #Greek but I gotta go to work n deal with ignore ppl's attitudes
- If that's not Lebron, that's ok, Thats why you have D Wade <<<<< people don't get that THIS AIN"T CLEVELAND
Did Z-Bo call out CP3 for flopping? Is that why they were arguing at the line?
Congratulations to Serena Williams for her 500th career victory. Wow, that's a lot of wins!
This new girl is Talking to an ex marine about the wars he been in......omg
Alright, Captain!
Q: What is the easiest way to start reducing your waste? A: Buy products and food in minimal packaging
Gary Johnson, just saying. Ron Paul without the racist crazy.
Brain is reeling with ideas and excitement for #DowninthefaceofGod ...epic on so many levels, so much potential...rehearsals begin Tuesday..
this series has been INCREDIBLE #dearmyrtle! Thank you for hosting.
Me: Zeke, this is Twitter. Zeke: [tries to eat phone] Erin: Zeke, don't eat Twitter.
You immediately get 15% discount for LIFE on all our amazing, healing aloe vera products!
if you're doing the right thing you'll probably get a nasty letter, and that means you're on the right track
Did you hose off when you got there? I'd be a mess!
I encourage you to subscribe to my free email newsletter on the left to get the latest home business updates by email.Have a successful day!
That would be GREAT!
come to the lucky one premiere with me and sahra <3 <3
All it takes is just one kid to make me wanna rip out my ovaries right now
I am holding a hearing on the mayor’s Board of Social Work nominees
OMG! I woke up to following me!!!!(: My day is made!! #YEE!
so little time, so much to do!!! win win win!!!! :) www.cultuschichi.us
Put on your shades cuz I'll be dancing into flames...
Revenge tonight, doll.
Thanks for selling tickets in my name and not giving me the money for them. I appreciate your help.
I think there's such thing as a return policy.
do you know if they are using a different sight for the VIP ticket packages? Or if the time will just be pushed back?
had dinner with - among others - the nephew of Marc de Grazia at Pizzaiolo. He picked a wine he helped make & it was not crazy oaky.
The Beavers are overlooked because City Council never sees any support. Email the Mayor and tell him you care: .or.us
I sold my 16-0 Pats vs Giants stub outside the stadium for 5 dollars (dont regret it)
I keep finding illegal things in my room.. Hm.
RT : The difference between can and cannot are only three letters. Three letters that determine your life's direction.
no, just their baggy boxers.
ME TOO. Unneccesary. Non-accessible. Often tacky.
why is Oliver smilying
I got big headed real fast a few min ago smh
COME BACK
NEW CITY ART FAIR will have an opening reception from 5pm-9pm tonight! We're looking forward to seeing you all!!
is fabulous.
aww and 2 yrs i lived in illinois for 8 yrs b4 i moved here & i was born here b4 we moved to illinois wen i was 2 <3
#TheSexWasntGoodIf only you enjoying it.
thank you! Loving mommyhood & I know you are too!
I hate virtual school with all my my life
dreams money can buy
she is shy ya know/ “: Well, I didn't want to brag.”
The GOP agenda: 1-Seize power at all costs 2-protect their ultra rich backers. If attaining those goals destroy the country they don't care!
In honor of our #21 ranking in douchiest Chicago bars we are throwing a party $21 well, Dom drafts & bottles & our beloved tots 9-12 tonight
I don't remember NBC game commentary fawning over anyone but Giroux.
when do u get summer break.
OMG my hair
oh so you I followed me... That's cool I guess Ahahah
It is awesome that you are doing #skt15k. I know it will be a big hit. Great idea and keep up the great work!
They're all cool. Digging the jewelry, too.
Did some awesome editing for the END its coming along. I can't wait. with
Jocelyne - I'll wait 'till the movie comes out . Jennifer - It's gonna be a music video . Oh damn it was hilarious xD
We would be honored. Thank you.
When I go into panic mode, The Comforter calms me...The Master works better with a calm and focused follower :)
sorry to hear that :-(
Welcome to Atlanta. Moges from Ethiopia, Simon from Uganda, Mama Irene from Tanzania, Matilda & James from Kenya, & Dan in Morrocco.
self prescribed
I tell her that she the best but she say that aint enuff I'm tryin to be the greatest
When you're eating and find something crunchy and it turns out to be a hot spice that you vow to never crunch again. But then you forget....
Its so damn boring over here.
#sca2012 Any lessons out of Stanford reading room? Not much because little available. Interviewing users re experience w/ Creeley email.
Cuz I'm rad and cuz I'm now following u! RT : now following and I don't know why??? Anyway follow her
A history of gaming course (esp a home grown one) seems like it would go over well in the university, esp. with CS students etc.
RT : I still can't believe how amazing the Airtel Africa 3.75G network here in Tanzania is… I am not missing AT&T one bit…
"THERE'S A BAD AWFUL STINK COMMIN OFF THESE THINGS NOW... THE DOG'L BE NIPPING AT ME IN A BIT WITH THESE THINGS THE WAY THEY ARE!"
hey neighbor! so great to meet you today!! community meeting. april 21st. 10am. i'll bring treats. :-)
Anyone going to Comic Con? Say hello to me there, my Twitter friends!
mine can be better if you follow or rt me. (:
so full of cheese right now after visiting Farmstead ( ) with
How was "World's Greatest Dad?" If it sucked, tell me now, just pressed "play," and I really barely have the 2 hours to spare.
what up big dog?
REMINDER: Tonight's #revideo chat will be discussion on real estate video distribution strategy/tactics. Set your alarms to stun! 9pm EST.
chickpeas, lemon juice, water, garlic, garlic salt, black pepper, paprika to taste!
MT : Biden: best way to maintain U.S. security edge is to have the best educated students in the world.
Well, I haven't seen the alien regist images, but I don't see how you could go wrong with the Plott Hound.
I've been meaning to ask...Did anyone else see Antony & the Johnsons on Craig Ferguson the other night? Stunningly beautiful performance!
like the hat look a lot better than the day after thanksgiving scarf!
But why u so obsessed with me?
Track city bitch, track track city bitch, weave, weave, weave, weave, got extinsions bitch!
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Ok 20 seconds left Heat whatcha got
funny how some friends pop up when they need somethin
Showed 3yr old how s hydrometer works after she asked what it was. Not sure she cared after my explanation.
My girlfreinds father is Chris angels bodyguard 0_o dude he's EXTREMELY BUFF lol i dont wanna get on his bad side lmao
What is BASF stand for?
Alright, I'm registered!
ahomeforyourphone (stopphoneabuse) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
no response to my awesome picture? looks like i need your diet cokes afterall
April 6, 1974 - Yankees begin the first of two seasons at Shea Stadium as Yankee Stadium undergoes renovations.
There are times when you'll need someone...I will be by your side :)
Both casts (A Christmas Story and A Christmas Carol) are between shows right now at Kudzu. Story is at 7:00 and Carol is at 8:00.
Make it your number one goal to drink as much water as you can today
M: I'd take a taser shot!
Thanks Shan!! Just worried Youtube is blocked at school!:/ Ugh! We will def post pics!!
Yeah, I'm a heretic. Don't see the need for gen ed at university level if your K-12 system works. Shouldn't take 17 years to get basics.
Hello Monkers. Happy Opening Day day.
you good?
Indeed! Little-known fact, but yes - railfan seat indeed flips up.
That is unflappable no matter the situation. She rolls with the punches!!! Great job Nat!
I ain't no tailor but I know what suits me. - Popeye
"It's our neighbors going hungry. It's 'us' not 'them.'" Matt Habash on the
U R a dinosaur
it's not. some women don't know how to like sex.
i want #VictoriaGotti 's cheek bones. and connections.
they did not...sadface
If this kid pulls out one more lollipop
ya skin just got a matte finish and ya hair high gloss
As usual...You KILLED it at FBS man! I'm taking MASSIVE ACTION! I have 24 ppl signed up now, by May 11th I will have 60!
Here's what I find at - what are your favorite foods?
Still awake can't sleep
when are you coming to #SanFrancisco ???
holy crap you and vanessa have so many of the same mannerisms.
Comfortable in right field, Rios finds his groove at plate
Officially signed up for my first 10 miler! Let the training begin...once I buy warmer running pants
yea but she then suddenly became shy
I know I'm laughably late to the party, but…. is pretty damn awesome.
Super depressed whoops.
There's this girl here that wears a stuffed dragon hat on her head. Every. Single. Day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
appreciate it. Enjoy your derby
I love all of Andreas Schnaas' films! Great gore director that never lets budget get in the way of big ideas!
Watching Adam-12 with my daddy!!
similar, but i secretly like comics so i'm not super mad. its like taking a sip of iced tea when you're expecting diet coke.
Sweet potato please RT : Q4 #FoodieChat What is your favorite kind of French Fry? Steak, Shoe String, Waffle, Crinkle or...
Sure you didn't misread the door sign?
Making a NEW mistake is better than repeating an OLD one..
Trader Joe's flaxseed chips + salsa = totally worth dealing with rush hour traffic
He just didn't understand that I had right of way. I'm sure he'll think about that as he wipes my handprints off his hood.
Tryna get my hair appointment scheduled. Hopefully thursday but if not then next week
now watching mainz vs. gaz metan medias! GO MAINZ!
Bike ride with the sister.
they won't whoop OKC they way they're playing.
Hockett: How do we recover from our current state? Needed a renewed focus on equality of opportunity
The new group of at might be my fave yet- creams and neutrals, raspberries and mints... love!
Today's gonna be a great one!
you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?
I DO THIS CUZ IM NICE NOTHIN ELSE
": "The miinority that is right will one day be the majority." William Jennings Bryan" Smart man
Y am i seeing the same ppl driving bak n forth down 29th st
Will try to make it happen soon!!!!!
So David got a job @ canteen tequila bar? woot!
hahah ugh that was an annoying project
Wait, what is this show about?
Don't you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine
Love hearing a Andre Riddick reference during the game. Loved that guy!
oh that comment. .udk him?
Beale street is pretty dead when its cold and tuesday
I proudly signed and am pushing this petition along in my sphere of influence. Let's keep it going!
#Happy23rdBirthdayRoyce <U+2665> happy birthday <U+2665><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yeah, sorry. I think we'd all like to forget her.
No1 appreciates their teams and players as much as Baylor does. Think about what happened on 10th street when the women won...
12 am Saturday august 20th you should be hearing "down" make sure your friends know!!!
I really need to learn NOT to listen to Uri Caine whilst studying.
That figures. Thanks for catching it.
teasing out leads, etc. Took down the most prized institution in her state with nothing but #truth Couldn't be happier she won (25 yrs old!)
Tweet Tweet Tweet Tweet<33333
I seriously want 's hair, body, and eyes. They're perf. no joke.
<---- Great 3D designer here! Thanks for the follow sir! Have a good weekend.
People who act hard , inside they just want 2 be loved
Sexually frustrated <
Gotcha! I was gonna recommend Hover, but I forgot you needed hosting too.
back to work, me still sick so do I stick the kids in front of the tv? Yes, but only PBS so don't call child services yet.
I'm thinking brinner tonight... cinnamon raisin french toast?! c'est possible
Lol how come?
Week 7! We're getting to the end of the quarter! Don't wait until the last second to start working on your final projects and papers.
much thanks!!!
I'm a big fan of yours! I see your training to be a pro wrestler, what do you currently do in terms of work?
Guy *<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> RT : Maybe someday a girl will realize how sweet, funny, and awesome I am and actually give me a damn chance.
RT : . just interrupted himself to say “my commercial is on TV, hey look at that.” REALLY.
If you see Peter Gazin. Turn right aroun and go the other way.
Good Morning World,How Are Yall Doing This Morning.
Irish Govt panicking, property slide=more bank devaluations =more troika money=must pass treaty= v. deep crisis loop
I'll be waiting with open arms boo RT : see you in 11 days tho
Just got my Hillsborough County SBA certification. Woot woot!! Bring on the projects!
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
Im hungry... Starving.. Cant grub like i used to tho but whatever.. As long as i feel better..
How do you encourage creative thinking within your organization?
happy birthday:)
FRIDAY - A troubling topic on American D.A.-LIVE today. CRIMES AGAINST THE ELDERLY. Listen on NEWS-TALK-590-WVLK AM at 9AM.
Fantastic. Thanks to the everyone.
":haha im workin on it. its a tough game" very very hard and you thought catching a bullet pass and getting smashed was hard
watching the same interview right now. Piers is the new KING of talk! Larry what? Larry who? It's piers bizitch
Thunder + lightning = the perfect weather to find my new job!
Anybody else up ? o.0
Miller with 2 really nice defensive plays. Defense wins championships!
I know I am.
you know what today is? Eagle-on-a-Perch-Friday!
“The chance to love and be loved exists no matter where you are.” - Oprah Happy Valentine's Day!
is down for me??
#ThatAggravatingMoment when the person in front of u doesn't use a BLINKER!!!!! And takes mad long to turn right!! Wth are to do hurry up
yeah. I'm pissed!
It's official: Fro yo for dinner.
Making deserts for fun love having food on hand and ready for the holidays .
Believe you can..... and YOU CAN!
dang language!!! Lol
Hey guys, is your contact sheet broken? I've been getting an error message from it for about 24 hours.
I'm always bending but never breaking.
but caring is sharing...
It can be stressful to try to perform at your best along with all other aspects of your life, set aside some time to relax!
Theres a baby possum on our back patio. What a creepy looking thing
Fatal Insane Performing live @ Club Pure Downtown Dallas April 14th.
What about last year?
In a Catch-22 of weird moods
Oatmeal raisin cookies upstairs are wicked good.
did you find out what chapters it was?
thanks for highlighting link bt #bikes & rail #transit we need seamless connections bt both to have a
I'm the man. Yes I said it. I'm the man. Don't you forget it
Hi Thanks again! Lots of good stuff to check out. :) -Benjamin
That moment when you hear a really catchy song and you can't help but want to bust out and start dancing. Haha story of my life!
Once again, Sumi shows she thinks she ran for office. But no, that's just her confusing activity with being an activist.
agreed, they actually made them cute/wearable!
absolutely! Saw him perform here shortly after moving to town. It was a life-altering moment for myself and my songwriting.
Skinny Fat Ass ahahahaha Lovin' it!
Man im so fucking hungry
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "Are you nervous?" ...what lmao
you lay by the one you love/the one who knows you/the things you do/when the night comes/don't be afraid/you're only dreaming
y do people think they know u from ur music?It moves them cuz we ALL feel those emotions.U just express them well.
I want to see DARREN HAIR!
Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the Internet
This has been our best weekend ever and still going strong. Thanks
S/O To Melrose and Ridgeway for a super early prom. S/O to WHITEHAVEN for winning platnium prom !
came out of the shower.no one in the house.so im guesing im HOME ALONE
Beautiful day here. Enjoy your weekend and many thanks for following me:
my pun in the death session
My #fridayreads is #goodomens and the complete adventures of Sherlock Holmes Vol. 1
first unit in school will be over after today, feeling accomplished. eeeyeah!
Trying to make a paperkraft VF-1 skull fighter in gerwalk may not be happening, without directions
Doin homework and on twitter.
poor mommy!
F off snow, you will not take my car this time!
if you DM me and I don't ever reply. I'm sorry. I check them then forget them.
Thirsty Thursday...thank goodness you are here!
I hope I still have fingernails left by then.
Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.
I occasionally wonder if any regret lives in an all-caps shout of DAUGHTRY as the name of a brand, band and person.
Bboorreedd...with a headache...help?
is Bobby Abreu worth a pickup?
Last 11 copies of my Juliet Strauss biography available for sale during my visit to Rockville, IN, Thursday. Only took 14 years to sell out.
MY DREAM JOB IS TO BE THE NEXT HOST OF *YOUR NEW HOME* AND DRINK COFFEE ON TEEVEE
RT Maybe I'll just walk home. Lord knows I can use the exercise.
“: Live consistently for Christ. #Godfidence”
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
Hi Would You Please Help Me Get Tickets to Roger Waters The Wall at Wrigley Field, Chicago. !!!!! !!! I heart Pink Floyd!!!
do you like the song mercy by kanye westt
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide a7
which is why...
hey wifey! Why you haven't been home no groceries house dirty / clothes everywhere! This ur superstar bullshit!
I cant wait for the fight
What happens after this inning if Snyder gets hurt? Diaz is #3, right?
Omg i love u soo much. i remember meeting u (scream tour). u gave me the first hug and sang to me. made me smile ALL night :)
I mean Blue Sky of course, not Blur Sky
Lol.i need another follower so I can get to 100
Contemptuous, dishonest & who-knows-what-else ERIC HOLDER wants to sue SHERIFF JOE ARPAIO ??? GVMAFBRK.
Chet Haze will be performing with LMFAO at Central Michigan University on October! There is an expected attendance of over 10,000!
Safehouse for the novelty. Romans Pub or Burnhearts.
Current cruise sales: Comp. spa treatment + On Board Credit on select Royal Caribbean sailings; upgrades + OBC on Norwegian.
Story of my life!
I know dude I miss you a ton!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> bet your having fun back home tho:)
Counting the minutes until I get to eat some turtle cheesecake at The Cheesecake Factory tonight. #ilovefood #especiallycheesecake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
WMYB is number 1 on the top five songs of the day
but we play a small part in the relationship tho
Get out of AP test as soon as it starts pouring.
awww(': yeah I met them 2 months ago for 2 hours<3 I had SO much to tell them, but when I met them I forgot it all :'c
miss you
Thanks for the #FF!
Just dealt out a royal flush! What are those odds?
Eyenga, I feel your pain
I'm pretty indifferent on it. Seem to over-think things via slow, email drafts. Prefer in person for enjoyment; live/online 2nd.
i like that!
The power of a smartphone!! Lol
Happy Birthday to one of my most favorite people in the entire world - I love you! <3
I had sushi and soup
Damn it, damn it, damn it.
There goes the neighborhood! ;)
Going to go see the avengers.. can't wait..
#Bucks lost tonight to the #Pacers. So now they are down 2 & half games from making the #NBA playoffs with six left.
I wonder where Earl Simmons would be if while growing up he had the kind of emotional support + attention as Earl Sweatshirt
I have no clue what his deal is.maybe he's on something.
This weekend fucking sucked, but it ended great:) i love my best friends Ryli and Kayla:)
I find myself stuck in the middle of Texas' largest bike rally. I'll hunker down in the coffee shop until I can cross the street.
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” Henry Ford
"Remember your importance on those days that seem overwhelming & fruitless. Thank you for all your help, your direction...for being there."
RT : Asking "Does using a wiki improve learning?" is like asking "Does using a pencil improve writing?"
Christmas is the Disneyfication of Christianity ~ Don Cupitt
"PATIENCE PAYS. There will even be days when you get a bonus & a raise." ...Keep a gentle tongue & a kind heart while waiting for payday! ;)
Guy at wienersnitchzel called me "little guy" . I'm thirteen fuck face
thanks for ruining it
Tonight is college night at Mo's Irish Pub! Head downtown for great deals and DJ entertainment!
Let's keep this up!
When you get ejected this late in the game and youre a bench player and you down by 30+..you supposed to suck it up...what did Ebanks prove
Geithner said today that "catastrophic risk must be taken off the table", but didn't offer to resign.
I hope the mother of my children doesn't end up being crazy smh
blame the brain
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather a person of value" -Albert Einstein
funny thing too.. I have to watch it when it's still light out and I'm not going to bed for awhile. Gives me nightmares lol
Burke with BurrelsLuce: Set SMART objectives: Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic, Timely.
hey so you're sorta kinda really super amazing (:
amazing. Some stuff kind of didn't make sense, but that's a cirque show.
Tsst idk...im pretty cool mann
that is a fine question!
LOL oh be quiet.
RT : OK SD- See u Tonight At Bareback Grill #TweetdriveSD Bring a toy to donate and get happy hour all night! #givebig 6-10
I may have to reschedule. I'm heading to Milwaukee that day. Hoping I can do the chat before. I will let you know when I know
This ain't love i think this lust, but i ain trippin on it LET'S FUCK !
I love you so much Dylan. <3
Baby Girl twist away, when your talking to me I cant breathe (:
. speaking up for
Love you on QVC last night!
I didn't even notice you had a new Twitter picture. Cutie!
lmao if u was a stalker I'll let y kno
sup guys im not a big fan of because of his music but i think its great that him and ja have the same friends now
Hungry? Eat at Joe's! Mobile truck downtown today! Beautiful day, beautiful (meat) balls.
thanks we are just trying to have some sort of raffle for the this young man to help
The average cat sleeps about 2/3 of the day
Yess I love it when the cops show up to my party uninvited.
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
I got a kindle fire for Christmas
WORD! RT Listen, - U need to get 1 thing straight. =same team. No competition.
Thanks for the RT, Karen!
hey friend hope all is well with you!! Miss your tweets!!
RT "Diana Ross was phenomenal" Thanks for being here at the Louisville Palace tonight, Leigh! Awesome show!
I won't miss all the games he should have won but didn't! Life isn't "all about the money" as he was quoted
For all the less-than-positive things I've heard about Amazon lately, I just had the BEST customer service experience with them! Yay!
Thanks for your support, I love ya <3
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)))
Interior/exterior painting specialists call today for a free estimate.Why move when you can update the home you're in now?"We Love to Paint"
oh ok I thought u were
": "We never know the worth of water till the well is dry." -- English proverb" Let's see: gold standard, oil standard, WATER...
U GONE LEARN TODAY
It advances to a legitimate national championship game against the East or West regional champion. :-)
Hi Friends! Thank you to recent followers! So glad to connect with you on this Twitter-Rollercoaster :) Enjoy the Ride!! :D
like I haven't already
I'm telling all my writing friends to invest in Scrivener for Mac. The name generator alone is worth it :-)
....you beg to much... And it's fun making you suffer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'm so glad the snow wasn't bad today. A little extra sleep never hurts though. ;-)
Woops. Our email is . Shoot us a story about your fav trip to the stadium
Didn't wake up with breakfast in front of me.....how upsetting.....
I completely agree!!
Got casted! Excited for a new challenge and to push myself.
": Everytime I'm happy I get scared because it never lasts...."
In my opinion we are the best fanbase :) my idea is #ICONiaczarethebest lets get it to trend!
A standoff in St Paul where police are negotiating with a man in a car at Minnehaha and Desoto on the East side
I'm with ya! Just watched his hgtv'd, too! Nice design!!!
RT : Just heard Wilma Mankiller has passed away. An amazing women occupied Alcatraz in 1969; later chief of the Cherokee
texting a guy on the phone <3 he is pretty cute actually :)
• Whew voice of reason! Have 2 remind myself 2take a few deep breaths... I think it's cuz' it's the Cardinals.
Crawford redeems himself
Mahalo!! RT : if I could take it anywhere I would take it to and sleep on the beach!
Heading to Washington DC to get training for the new Drug Free Communities Initiative that we have planned for Milwaukee!
lol...it's the truth. Her nose didn't get big and she only gained weight in her belly. Some women aren't so lucky.
of course I do!;) laying on the floor... Wish u could too!;)
Man this shit is not funny
- wow, John, you over-deliver? Tell me more, as I am a very curious person.
Oh damn I thought I was going to miss the bus today, but I made it <U+263A>
I cut off INCHES of my hair, and its still long af. Aye!
GM I like this one.... Had to RT my Capricorn Bro :)
welcome dude
you all are distracting Danny in Bio
welcome to Milwaukee!
Oh, I haven't cashed out yet.
*points to nearest drive-thru* lol RT I need 6 sliders and 6 things of chicken rings a large grape and a med fry
I'm starting to get a headache I'm ready to go home.
Drizzle & mist being reported near the coast. Mist being produced by the fog & low clouds. These murky skies should be gone by late AM.
Well get on up here and let's get to work then! (I was thinking we might get coffee and sketch robots.)
Intense game and a little respect for the Cats in the Pac 10. They looked great on national tv.
Hey Man...love your jazz blog...but checkout the comment I left on your article regarding Shearing media saturation...'NufSed.
Is there anything proven to help women NOT get PE and HELLP? LD Aspirin, vitamins, etc?
Following you! Already was. Are you at least watching the game?
It's a good one! Happy Mothers Day
Sorry co-workers...Subway with xtra onions for lunch. In other words, don't talk to me!
i really want to welcome all my new members and tell you all older member too thank you very much!
Can't stop, won't stop
LOL guess you told them Mario!
Hey, Amanda! Welcome to the 'hood.
would RT a billion freaking girls .. & not me -_____-
Who am I missing?
We have silos for information, and we are building research networks, we can help with planning, and rights advisors
is everything ok? Do you need me to call your mom? haha
Did he give any deets about the next album coming out?
Old! But me too. Os in an hour.
hey chica! Im doing really well. Paulina turns 4 on monday! Crazy huh? How are you, Eric and the boys? :-)
Rough loss Saturday night. Getting ready for the last two games of the season vs. Dayton. We are at the Ice Center Saturday for senior night
And now for a lunch & battery-charging break with #genealogy buddy Pat, who's here at #GenieFair2012 from California.
Check out the "events" tab on our facebook page for more details on the Left Coast Live music festival and make sure to click "attending!"
Just got home from my school choir concert :) I think we did pretty well. <U+E326>
": #IfYouThinkAboutIt, nothing hurts more than seeing someone you love throwing their life away."
Tiny link to free trial below price list converts much better than large offer for Free Trial above all else.
The Lord gives me #power and #strength In Him I am trusting my all
But of course!
Greektown videos coming out this week
AHEM. RT Your hyphens were valid and clear
Leave by 9.30am drive back to work to be on time by 12.30pm, doable, right? I believe its worth it!
anyone bored u can tweet meeh:)<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Seski wake up. Where is Seski? In Oregon. Where in Oregon? Seski want good suggestion from Tweet and FB friends
“: It's my circa 1995 Melrose Place with fangs...” exactly
Swag swag swag on you.
Regis avenged their pool play loss to Cherry Creek in a classic cross-town rivalry! Centennial League claims 2/3 championships!
The Features over 3,000 leading canines from a variety of breeds!
If that was datsyuk it would've been a great defensive attempt.
Due to the construction on Willy St, there will be no access to the Umami parking lot for lunch service only today. Dinner is not affected.
owow so u a rapper now
Congratulations to pioneer on receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from Nat'l Assoc. of Black Journalists (NABJ).
I love my brown skin.
Success is a state of mind. Anything you want you can have! Just dream, believe you deserve it and work your butt off to get them.
had some technical difficulties but they are up and rocking!
this should categorized as crimes against humanity. We've been violated! SECURITY!!!
"ONLY ON WEDNESDAYS" THAT IS FROM SPONGEBOB
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridges to cross and which to burn...
oh just seeing if u was str8 u seemed upset
austin's curly hair is so sexy.
And then regret takes over
Thanks for the re-tweet!
It doesn't matter what you think. It was my birthday, I had a wonderful night. That's all that matters.
eav maxed have a geat day
Feeling like a JERK now...Fedex delivered the package to wrong addy & a neighbor just brought it over.
Workers hold May Day rally at Vanderbilt for dining workers
loves everyone out there who is making a difference in our lives. the band cannot thank YOU enough.
| Happy Friday! Let's get that demo scheduled soon!
Those forgiven much will love much (Lk 7:47) and those who love much will sin less. The secret to sinning less is receiving forgiveness more
I need a Project Manager with RDBMS for a contract in Deerfield IL.
you you you:)
If you live in #Baltimore, is the only place to be tonight. A Great staff, menu and beer selection is guaranteed.
annual publication featuring employee questions about HR issues answered candidly by Corp Sr VP Vic Buzachero
Couple of warning track fly balls, but just a 9-pitch inning for Cueto.
Maybe they smell because of the library. Maybe you smell the same but you can't tell. Or maybe it was you all along...
i love pandora radio!
Hey , go get it! RT Looks like the Harper HR ball is still sitting out there in the grass batter's eye.
Thanks, Kirk! I actually did a Bronze Anvil dance when I got the news :--)
LSD Roger is so much better than fever Don.
Spending the morning at the San Ysidro Community Service Center talking to constituents about what's going on in San Ysidro.
Brett Favre is a legendary no BS kind of guy and a Hall of Famer!
Ha ha. Very true. It runs in the family.
I think I'm more bored than anything. I don't feel like playing WoW and no one is on Facebook, Twitter is slow, etc.
“: Which player will steal the most bases this season? #MLBFC” Prince Fielder. <U+E105>
The state of Kansas hates VCU.
Looking for fresh new articles for TriSoc. email me if you write and want to get your stuff out there:
idk if im ever gonna be able to look at larry stylinson or niam the same way again tho...
oh ok she probably out there already, She just left here. Wat time u coming out?
Don't rush in too quickly, don't over commit, lest you find yourself with more responsibility than you originally intended.
thanks so much for the #FF's and RT#FF's!! :)
My roommate just told me his veins hurt
QoTD: "Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought." (Basho)
So I don't own a suitable piece of red clothing. I'm a disgrace to Chinese New Year (><U+4EBA><;)
I love you too :-*
How did your senior project go?
Seeking film crew. Message me if you know anyone
Its early & hopefully all the moms are getting their well deserved beauty rest Thanks Moms for all you do, like raising boys to play soccer
Im upset that "the game" only has 2 more episodes...
some may have considered it a good place (i know how you felt, though...)
And don't ever forget it(;
Just watched a girl spill beer on her Manolos & then throw them in the trash
Our singer will be better this weekend which means if all goes well NEW SONGS NEXT WEEK YUHHHH!
She's built like a steakhouse...but she handles like a bistro
I need an outlet!!
no mommy for me! :[
Hugs back to you! Whenever I hear Dancing Queen from now on, I'll be picturing you and as who ABBA had in mind.
My brother in law has been after that privilege for a long time. Doesn't fly with security.
RT Man the hair dryer is exceptionally hot today...I feel like I laid my head in the devils #Crotch!!lap lmao
Please shower me with good thoughts on child care near Vandy
Happy Birthday Mitchell Davis (:
I didn't do anything to advance the human race today. But I did draw an octopus with one hell of a regal handlebar mustache.
Any chance of getting these clip links for later?
: oh okay. It said "forbidden" before & I was like what?:O
Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker, and when it gets a little bit hotter, we'll take it off on out in the water <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I'm soon to win an oscar ;)
It's so weird to me that today is Friday. Definitely feels like Saturday.
Very very frightening! Galileo, Galileo, " " Galileo - Figaro, Magnificooooooooooooooooo
Wish people would stop hating on He's a freakin beast!
East Coast Braces for #hurricane Irene
yeah lol I'm taking chinese in school :-)
hey hey hey
- Whee! See you there!
girl I don't know...I don't ask any questions!
Wow, good luck with that. That's like an antique in computer years!
Right! RT : Constant name dropping, that's that shit I don't like. (Iknowallthepeopleyouknow)
In 2010, Seau survived a 30-ft plunge in his SUV off a cliff. Hours earlier, he had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting his girlfriend.
i've got a surprise up my sleeve for my idol for 5/26... if only i knew what size hoodie/t-shirt he wears =/
Shooting tomorrow for the next two weeks. We'll keep you posted on Twitter and as much as we can on our production blog. WOO HOO!
Ramy - You did a great job today with your Grand Opening! Congrats! RT : WHAT A DAY!! Amazing is the word to describe it ..
C: you're welcome ;)
left her granny panties at my house lmao <U+E412>
Ayy its birthday! Happy Birthday!
....there's ALWAYS a way to TURN a CHALLENGE into a SUCCESS!!! ;-)
Moroney: local TV stations will never charge when repurposing their content on the web, so local news orgs have to make case for $
We are open all day today, get your NECTAR today as we'll be closed for Turkey Day. Cheers to everyone and THANKS for everything!!!!!
Hey, Lesa! Really glad that you enjoyed Thunderland. I think my books have gotten a lot better since then, too. :-)
Looking for great games, toys and other goodies for children visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
. and are just around the corner. We will be at booth 5201 at #JavaOne and 640 at
ive been pushing people away
God damnit Duke...
I is bored :/
National High Five Day!!
"If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down."
God has a plan for my life and that's all I need to know.
haha that was a blast I literally just finished cleaning! I'm going to take a shower than post the pictures!
"JC Penney Ads with Ellen Degeneres were best thing about #Oscars." via | Could she possibly make Penney's hip??
Is this a nightmare or is it real? Did Jeff Suppan really just shut out the #Brewers for 5 innings?
Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom, let it be
like your pics by the way
I'm cold?
Gonna Kill that bitch tommoro ....
not sure. i picked wednesday so i can break up my week. if it happens it happens.
Congratulations to Tony S on 14 years of service with #kforce!
Just cause season is over, doesn't mean I get to slack off and not work out <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
It was just that stupid puppet from Victorious interviewing the cast and promoting victorious, apple juice, and salsa the whole time.
hey vin have fun at HHI wish I can go but my sis got late notice so goin nxt year...can u n the Boyz go nxt year lol love ya!
It's here! Holy cow! The first NYC is here! Happy Earth Day weekend, world!
SNICkERS. I eat them, even while I'm going places..
yeah but should have caught myself. No biggie thanks
excellent show right now!
how would u picture yourself with in that same situation?
the best whitney elegy is from
bahaha I rather enjoyed it
love you too pretty lady.
keep it PG (; guess I can teach you some filipino stuff to say at the end or something...
imagine Justin;s nexxt music video i think we all are literally going to die ;O
BofA Park & 19th: bank locked, guard unlocking for each customer. Didn't look at me. Mass paranoia of the 1%?
Today is YOUR day! SEIZE it, LOVE it, LIVE it.......take it to a NEW level! <3 Grab on and fly high!
We slappin faces round here suuuuuuuucka
Hey, welcome back! Shoot me an email and let's make a plan for early next week.
Deasy creates crisis at CTC with over reaction to poor administrative action regarding TRUE cases needing review.
thank you :D
I have SO much work to get done and I'm already checked out. Boner. =[
What brings you to D.C.?
It is!
Hence the immediately buy that product without thinking about anything
if you don't mind ..what city are u in and I will be praying for u at noon
This morning I discovered Kate Spade china. I'm in love.
Back in Tampa. Omg scariest plane ride of my life! Like a freakin roller coaster gaaaaaaahhh
American Heart Association says walking is the best form of exercise to achieve heart health.
... Middle initial and all.
Fox 12 political analyst Tim Hibbits calls Bonamici as the winner of Wu's congressional seat.
how did you do in your #racquetball games? How long have you been playing?
MMA Fighter & Marine Dustin West works with Wounded Warrior Project
Looks like the Nuggs are lookin good... I'm fighting the urge to change the tv to the game... I don't want to jinx em.. C'Mon
(c) In particular you wanted to know what they were saying?
Popsicle sticks. Kids decorate w marker, glitter, poms & then see what we can make! Pen holders, bird houses, garden sticks...
Thanks to Tiger Management LLC for their generous donation!
Im not a stalker Im dedicated Im not a fan Im a Mahomie Im not obsessed Im supportive He as in isn't just a singer Hes my hero
Getting Excited for the Winter Season! Beat the cold and join a Skeeball league this winter!
Pitchfork calls Lynch's video #nsfw, but I think it's just
U smell a lot of things when u travel
wow that's amazing. I'm going to be working her on my iPod all day tomorrow.
we haven't as yet... cc:
Days like this make me even more grateful I live in San Diego, couldn't ask for more!
I've been debating putting a grey streak in my hair. :)
more like thank yOU
Patients won't be held accountable, but the ACO will be because they receive $ by meeting quality of care benchmarks.
sounds like a great event! Ill try to get down there, tho monday's tough. Thanks for hosting these types of nights
I was using my iPad like a giant iPhone. Very sad.
nah, good to win the division but not content with just that
Justin bieber performing at X-Factor :))))))
Spent entire day yesterday trying to fix computer that would appear to have a fried motherboard. That's a day off?
is that why? Lol
Amazing finish.
so , is "Mosaic" harking back to the great Blakey album or the record label (also special!) or something else?
Everybody wants happiness nobody wants pain but you cant have a rainbow without a little rain.
Make A Wish Upon A Star Fish, Kiss Under The Waterfall, Coconut Side Dish, Like Paradise Lost But Now Im Found
I have an extra ticket to tonight, who wants it?
I could see that. Especially for kids that have trouble with written/oral communication but get the programming logic.
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Sitting on a bench on the side of the street, drinking a Thums Up (Indian Coke-ish, I think). Woman walks by and compliments my costume.
I'll be fine I swear, I'm just gone beyond repair.
agree for soups! Not for salads. Too intense
Congrats and ! I remember meeting you both (and your early team) at Barcamp in Delhi.
Just watched Seattle's Nextdoor Neighbors at the Comet. Totally pumped. Sorry Dave Lawson.
Lol aha going to the movies with dhis boyy
Scicurious Stuff!Check out my Cafepress Store!
I'm feeln it I suspose!
RT : Happy All Eve everyone! Can't wait to see what treats the crew has for us this year.
I wish my dog could run to Cold Stone right now and get me a coffee ice cream with the little English toffee bits.
Any word if Middlebrooks will start tonight?
i totally forgot we didnt have school today lol xD
dude the show is on Saturday the 21st. Not Sunday. Dead surf is playing again.
as in 'taint gonna happen.'
Yes! Working. Thanks!
thanks for the intro, but didn't we meet at TechNite with the yo-yo's?
Omg I think I may have just read the funniest and fakest rumor in the world. LMFAAAOOOOOOOOOOO
Silence means complicity when you sit there, smile, and say nothing when the n-word is being used in your presence. Silence=Complicity
chillin jus got back from SwAP MEet
it looks like after is done yelling at his listeners he listens to you to hear what a good morning show sounds like
Will do.
Am i being patient and moving on.no!im taking off the watch and living till i get there
Russell Simmons' offer to pay for the cleanup of Zuccotti Park is almost generous enough to make up for Kimora. ALMOST.
This pm we'll kick-off #CAM2012 with live-tweeting from ! Can't wait to hear speakers from & !
Still cant believe I got tickets to see #YEE <3
thanks! i think i said all i can about it.
Listening to all of my 45's now because I realized not all of them have huge holes that need adapters. Now: FoP. Next: Apache Dropout.
What animal my character resembles?
Aw i love her <3
I've just realized how much I've missed playing soccer :l Senior Champ :D LMF
Why is the agenda and date and time of this meeting not on their website. What do they not want you to hear about?
Tired of being walked on n tooken for granted, tired of being put on the back burner n 2nd to others, TIME FOR ME TO BE #1 !
Or Lebron in the 4th quarter RT“: October is to A-Rod, what Midnight was to Cinderella.”
we have so many awesome fans. Thanks so much for still caring about us. We will keep making music, it is in our blood.
Taught Wallace Terry's book abt black Vietnam vets yesterday. Looks at economic dispossession and Vietnam as a factor in rise of Black Power
Yay Thx! RT : thanks! happy Monday to you as well!
deleting people i dont know when facebook tells me its their birthday....
looking forward in doing your hair...
I can't wait till comes and visits mad town :)
you are my hero... come to sacramento so we can practice some magic!
Thanks for the follow Kora!
Anyone going to Coachella tomorrow? I know someone who needs a ride from LA in the morning. Please PM me if you are available.
Exactly. People who don't know about your product can't brand your product for you. RT : But what's the idea?
call that chick out!!! Lol
Miller Park is a library. You can pretty much hear the ventilation system.
Do you know any #bayarea #restaurants that feature #performers for brunch? or dinner? Please share!
Love the art-sniffing doggie logo.
haha I'm listening to epic with mine:D
Ha. Missed the end of the Laker game cause I passed out, but woke up to find out they won
How are you fantastic Boy? <3 :) xx
Hey Prash, thanks for reaching out! Saw your message and will get back to you shortly. Been strapped for time, but ur on my radar
Yeah I'm trying not to do the FB thing as much either. Let me know if you hear of anything starting June though! <3
RT Totally had a fatning weekend, today I start fresh, with diet & exercise.
hahahah yepp....i think one season with him is going to be awkward enough...i dont need another one.
2 traveling recruiters, dept chairs, tech person, writer/editor, few faculty recruitment champs
thanks 4 the follow
Nothing good
No! I knew exactly what I needed and where to find it!
local info request! RT : legit question for #ArlingtonHeights folks: are the paths @ Lake Arlington covered in goose poo?
happy to hear you're enjoying Undercover Weekend!!!! Thanks so much for listening lady! Have a fantastic weekend!!!
LICENSE TOMORROW!!!
Good morning my beautiful followers! Hope everyone has a great day!
#SomeFluffForYa Do cliches and the standard schoolyard dynamics really fade or are they just more revamped and subtle in the adult world?
Internet stores are open 24/7. Real ones should be too.
cut it out
ha that pic is awesome
thank you! It was awesome!!!
YOUR THE ONLY REASON I STAY UP UNTIL 11:11 WISHING THAT U WOULD FOLLOW ME BUT U NEVER NOTICE ME YOUR AMZING FOLLIW ME <33333
BIG Shoutout to and for even LISTENING to my music!!
Hey y'all, don't forget that Bush put us so far down in the debt hole, not me. Okay thanks. -Obama
Anytime! I'm here until tomorrow morning. Would love to chat!
i love you
Hi we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Ran 6 yesterday and 5 today. That's gotta be some kind of record!
Cheers! Thank YOU for making Asheville a place we want to grow...
Seems like everybody is breaking up and throwing their love away..
Thanks for the #FF shout out
needs volunteers who speak Mandarin to help seniors understand their health benefits. Do you know anyone who can help?
Are the "Bears tweets" suppose to make me feel better knowing we have the 29th worse o-line? Pfffft. Bring on Patriots season for me :)
Congrats to the Rats! Last night's final score: Rats 158-OMH 133
I follow all of my followers
This is very, very cool news! I shared the FB post as well. I hope the project is successful!
Cant wait! Wear sequins! Lol RT : Lady date with and Ms. Sophia! So excited!
Roseville, truly hell on earth
Womp. Mid-Atlantic failure
Work hard for the money! [ Donna Summers voice ] Rest in Peace. <U+E328><U+E32B>
I heard about the traffic mess today on LSD around the I-55 ramp
Only 4 more days until tribute airs on NBC at 8pm. Can't wait to hear Clinton's thoughts on AmeriCorps again
This class needs to speed up so I can hit the gym
so glad Jessica & Joshua are safe.
Omg! My Scottish friend! I hope he's having a lovely visit with his sister.
thanks for the mention
Trying to make dinner in this hot box is no fun!
most beautiful goal ever? we make a good combo haha
Salvation Army failed me.
ready to watch do work tonight.
Have a great Saturday!!
Nice photo gallery. I have ornate metal type and old litho limestone that I consider (heavy) works of art.
Exactly. Total BS. “: You can hop into the stands but you can't stand on a camera stand. OK. Got it.”
RT : Teachers as nation builders--what kind of nation do we want to build?
I hate when I let people see my phone and they go through my pictures and text. -____-
is looking forward to the rain.
for sure. I'm free until 5pm you time
Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed. ~ Neil Armstrong
Off into a snowy drive home.
Thanks! :) RT : follow ! she the best!
yes so ture
lets get outta here
Wish I could reply to Android Market comments to let people know how stupid they are. Hurts to see em so oblivious
I'll bite: This new Madonna album is great.
omg hey
#Coyotes want this series tonight. Their intensity is intense.
So disappointed cut add'l $6.2 mil from State Parks, will now have to close over 1/3 of all CA state parks (over 100).
Yeah, and I are headed there later today.
all deserve #GiveBIG support! Who are you giving to?? cc:
I just ate a salad and I feel good about it. Now, it's time for a music concert
It's Tenacious D time!
S/O TO AND SEALING THE DEAL
So true, "storytelling is everything!"
A quad-core Windows 8 laptop more ultra than an ultrabook?: Imagine a quad-core Windows 8 laptop as light as a tablet. Enticing -- bu...
OH: I only have 1 muscle shirt, embarrassingly enough! OH2: you have to in case you go BOATING!
#mygraduationspeech I would like thank the person who made copy and paste and the person who made google.
o wee whats good?
lol, I understand but nothing foreal just working..... and you? :)
I wonder if there's a way to have 2000+ people in the same relationship status.
Can't wait until tomorrow :)
tough decision u r considering some good schools when u say i Will attend ....some will cry some will shout 4 joy Kentucky
sorry man! That sux. :-/
At the shop bout to get my haircut by Cwoo!
Drivers Ed is going to ruin my summer
Our kids really seem to thrive w/ the horse program, girls especially. It seems like the ADHD symptoms go away around animals
lmfaooo im tweeting myself
No kidding. She knows "intent". Are we playing the who hasn't spoken game again?
just watched jesus>religion video at church today. i had to come home and youtube you. You speak the truth! You inspire me!
The future of logistics next with Mary Vaughn & Michael Dalby
New follower #shoutout! Thanks for following the South Tucson Library and
really wants TheEllenShow to follow her!
#ff they seem untroubled by the autograph seekers in the background :)
Watching the #Grammys :D Hawaii gets everything late >.<
Hoping this is directed toward me RT : efforts start to mean nothing when people continuosly fail to follow through.
McDougal up to pitch. Take 'em out, Scarecrow.
See how you can use OneNote as an alternative to Adobe Acrobat (PDF) for document management at www.iheartonenote.com
I love you Neon!!!!!! You have been an amazing inspiration to me!! May the FIERCE be with U
People Shouldn't Bend That Way
every time I see you, I want to take my robot ring to your face. again.
*ding* *ding* *ding* RT : You are, a Cinema, a Hollywood Treasure <3
Heading to GWU to mess with ; if he thinks things are moving too fast, wait until he sees the engagement puppy I got him.
Anyone else humming the beat calling still ?
thanks! And I think you should totally do it, it doesn't hurt to look, lol
welcome to twitter, Geoffrey. We've never met (I was Fenty's Dep Mayor, recruited Michelle Rhee) but I'm a big fan of your work.
just found FREE piano sheet music online! SCORE!
Minneapolis is flooding its rinks this morning. There may be some hockey left in this winter after all.
At $99, #AppleTV offers the most value for your money of any #apple product...ever. If you don't have one, get one. Trust me.
#BillsMafia #SJ13 fans TODAY on MTV2 RT “: Make sure you check me out on #SuckerFree on this Sun at 11a/11p.”
'The Green Hornet' is not a bad movie at all. And Jay Chou, looks very cool. I like some of his songs.
an to think I stopped tlkn to essence just to work things thru wit chu yu foul as fck
JAJAJ YOUR FUNNY
couldnt take my eyes off of Bailey
If woke up should be awake by now
Make home security your New Years resolution
When you die a little because you lost a follower #WHY ?!?!?!
LEXG moving nice.
I like Finley over on 6 TD's. Think he'll have a lot of redzone looks if he can stay on the field.
his hugs > your hugs. his kisses > your kisses. his smile > your smile. his laugh > your laugh. him > you.
thanks! Such a great class this morning...I think my face is still red from it. We already downloaded Snow Patrol!
donde tu ta? I called you and it didn't work..
yeah dude too bad we meet went to the restaurant in queens that place us good too.
For the last time tonight HaPpY 18 bIrThDaY you deserve everything and tons more!
Smart Teen! <3 RT : There's a big difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving them for who they are.
HEY YOU GUYS. SAYS HE'S ANXIOUS & HAS BEEN READY TO START ON HIS DEBUT MIXTAPE FOR SOMETIME NOW..:....
I guess my fringe is up next :-(
Please stop with the pajamas visuals on our Mayoral candidates. Yikes.
everyone needs vacation. Everyone. Stop what you're doing and book one now. Imp way to escape and enjoy family w/o pressures
College basketball gone break viewership records today because of those on that basketball withdrawal...
Oh sweet, my allergies are back.
Wednesday is a BIG day for us! Find out what we're celebrating starting at 6am w/ Jim Cunningham!
Friday Saturday n Sunday is about to b super long for me
come see a girl!! I can do it via phone of you wanna go to PBT :)
It's just amazing to me that people don't see that; it's the opposite of a race to the bottom (is there a cliche for that?)
I want to take in a movie today... Any good ones?
who has the power in ? is it the teachers, main office, the school board, or the community?
RT : “If I’m grabbing the towel, it’s to wipe sweat from my face. Not to toss it in.” - (upcoming interview)
thanks for following - and for attending the SMPS event yesterday!
Where is my decision?
glad you got to attend that session. some good stuff in wireless wellness.
GOOD MORNING! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Cool! Thank you! I think I'm going to plant some just didn't realize how many varieties there are.
We are just getting started! Thx for following us.
Again this year...Why can't you EVER pick VCU to win?
eh, I'll compost them tomorrow. After I take down the tree.
"50 Cent and Justin Bieber" is still trending? woah.
LMMFAO!!!! You are my hero.
Too bad I go to school with boys.
I play mostly Wav files, but from now on..Never an Mp3 again. If I don't have the Wav file; won't play it! Even gonna try 24 bit on F-One!
Jacob Black
i dont have class tomorrow wohoo!!!
Do You Reply To FanMail? :)
Wow its so cold outside this morning the garden gnome is shivering. Last week he shaved the cat and made a fur coat for himself.
Good luck tonight! “: wish me and luck tonight!”
Roshon is pretty darn good! That's the #hiphop in him I guess.
Contain your excitement. Some of us don't watch it for another couple of hours :)
no babe don't leave me!!!
It had to be my 4th block teacher to fucking give us work !
A lot of good talent this yr in the #JBC2012! I attended when it was in New York but being in Charlotte it gives the game a family feel!
eric church is such a badass
I am a Maximillian with two l's. My dad is older than he looks!
Red Wine. And quality time with my stinky lil brother.
The USPS is using scare tactics to get more ppl to use snail mail, that will surely get them over their impending falure...
no shit(x
so u was thinking bout me, awww
I really have to stop crashing into things
After quick surge defense stepped up and played phenomenal..well done!
It felt good outside sav! hahaha We need to Head to the courts
Mavericks win!! Wow, that was one of the most dramatic regular season games I've seen in recent memory; Thank you instant replay
CAN AL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT PLEASE!! I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!<333
i think it's guest exclusive anyway just like wilderness. ugh. I don't wanna go to crapahari and pay $200 either
it must go next to the R. Leaf jersey in the man cave.
Yeah you should!
happy birthday!(:
Enjoying an IPA What is your favorite watering hole in LP?
arrest a man for numerous sexual assault-related charges. They fear there could me more victims. Details at 10&11.
UGH RIGHT WHEN IM GONNA SLEEP. WHY NIALL. WHY MUST YOU TWEET TWICE NOW.
someday I will be important enough to have a twitter bot speak for me
FYI, I am no longer in
#Sounders FC select FW Jason Banton (Leicester City) with the 15th pick in the 2nd round of the
Once again… a little too much blood in my caffeine system today.
Um yeah that dream was pretty horrible I am not very proud my mind right now haha !*)
If you can't feel it, see it, or smell it its typically not real.
Good morning Brandie. The sun is shining. The cats are cute. It is a great weekend. Hope you are enjoying yours :)
as a slow freeway driver, I apologize on their behalf. Our pokey asses need to stay in the right lane.
Dude, it's cold--but manageable. Hope The Bay's being good to you.
Gingrich is nothing but a noise maker.
oh how i love nascar races <3
Fuck you, glasses on my face.
I HAVE KENTUCXY FRIED DERBY GOGGLES
nice! we have one less excuse to avoid carpooling.
babe < baby < princess <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
#IheartRadio app is cool, except when the commercials come on, and there's no commercial, and there's creepy music instead.
We like your name
Today's is from Mark Harper re the Electoral Registration & Administration Bill.
Women, STOP getting pregnant by men who already have kids they're not even taking care of now!
Oh my dear baby Jesus thank you for giving me the cutest baby sister in the entire world omg amen
LOL. Excuse you. He is dead. And the doesn't explain why there can't be a trend about him..
Awkward moment abs some one confuses Larry bird Bob night AND LARRY KING FOR THE SAME DAMN PERSON
ill try my luck w those ones...;)
I got the dub on Morris
And Congratulations by the way!
#Romney is way more compassionate now. He would make the kid have a
Hugs back! Hope your boy is spoiling you!
Finally getting the time to move around a bit more! Good to hear from you!
But you endorse them in general?
Getting hungry- new drummer to audition soon. And we'll begin recording another single in a week! Getchya sum o dis!!!
My music seems distant, singing about what I am, just a "cowgirl in the sand".
Anyone know of a site that helps build quality resource pages for marketing?
You think this think with Jada and the elephants is bad? Remember when Billy Dee Williams complained about the giraffes at the zoo?
Closing at midnight...
who's = who is; whose = of whom
Opening Day.
HEY LADIES!!! WE HAVE THE ADIDAS IN CUTE SOFT COLORS FOR U WITH THE T SHIRTS OR TANK TOPS TO MATCH!!!!!!!!
I had to drop off truck 8 AM Sat to fix windshield. Wait 2 hours. What to do? OMG next door is a Denny's! What would we do without Dennys!!
thanks,girl :)
haha alright seeing you said its okay to tell you then yeah it is because you're going to be out....awkward haha
I miss watching The #Rugrats with & #90s Girls have grown up overnight :-(
Pawn Sports News; is on hes way to a #ChampionShip ring and one player isnt feeling it at all. Knicks player
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo tell a #Jew he owes you money
Getting there - JUST 2 more "Likes" to go......(for a humble beginning ;-) Please feel free to ask friends. Love you. Thanks! <U+2665>
wow.....that's deep!
#Didyouknow the longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes
Smh I need to become a better catholic.
Reading your book and loving it -my kids are 8 and under, looking like the trickiest parenting days may still be ahead!
Re-create the design you're gonna make!
Enjoying a gorgeous brunch at Nova in Oak Cliff #brunch #oak cliff Dallas #good cocktails
What's your beverage of choice for a marathon session?
appreciate it! but its not me its this is his fan page! FOLLOW HIM ALSO
Three huge free throw misses. Damn.
The first coffee-house in Europe opened in Venice in 1683, while coffee was available in Europe as early as 1608, mostly for the rich.
+1 RT : I wake up way too early on vacation. All twitchy and "c'mon c'mon c'mon let's go!" while everyone else sleeps.
We lift ourselves by our thoughts. We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves. than knowledge.
There was nothing better than watching "Louie" and all of a sudden seeing you appear. Effing awesome! Great job.
FUNNIEST tweet today! -- MT It is now a 2 person race. Donate now for the last conservative standing.
Sometimes ideas show up when you're not writing or even thinking about it consciously. Brains are odd tools.
It will be posted after kickoff so you will know what the play is before it goes final.
Warm outside
Playing the NBC Heads-up Bracket with Kevin M. Go Ivey!!!
Just game one.
I haven't done #ff in a long while. So, plz bare with me. These are musts:
The announcement of an overhaul to England's planning system brings the meaning of "sustainable development" und..
way to go
Runs scored rarely are more appreciated.
I need your info! Email it to me at beth (at) fit2b (dot) us ... thx!
#20ThingsAboutMe 3. I wear glasses and braces but not a smart cookie.
THIS ---------> RT "Tidiji: Marvin's Room bores me. I've tried, I've really tried to like it".
because u dont know wat I seen at the bet awards, because it wasn't tht big back then
The chicken to pot ratio in this chicken pot pie could be greatly improved.
Great films and should satisfy your escape from prison needs!
About to tear up some Wangs Wings!
well that's even more fun. I left at 7:00 today. Then stopping in Nashville.
I think I'll try defying gravity<3
I am becoming frigid with this change in weather.
#ATM starring now that's survivor #horror done right!
Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
If you could add anything to our menu, what would it be?
I think just loaded the bases just to show he can get out of it anyway
One year ago today, Holly Bobo went missing. Please pray for her safe return
you should probably start writing things down as much as you forget.
So pumped to watch my team live!
I Can't wait til My BFF Have her baby , Imma Spoil Her :)
No matter what I optimize, Cant get my site to load quickly. Using shared hosting but tried others. Help!
I got my IPad It's cool
Well that was a new horrible experience
we open now
Forever sky high
WordPress, is that even a question? :p
Not much...Ha!
#Imagine u:ugh.. I'm tired! J:want me to rock you to sleep? U:sure You smiled :) he picked you up and cuddled up with you, and kissed you..
"A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions." *Oliver Wendell Homes
Today only, Monday, July 11, 2011, 7-Eleven locations across the country will be offering a free 7.11 ounce Slurpee drink
- Terribly sorry, the client we were using hid your tweet! We're on the east frontage between Montgomery and Jefferson. :)
COKE ZERO LIGHT..........no, just tonic water. Oh yeah, Good Game :)
i know the feeling, i always feel like diana ross on stage whenever i wear sequins lol
oh no sending the juju!
lol. Can You Pay My Bills.
is there a way to get in touch with your Chief of Staff, Theresa Mintle? An e-mail address or phone number? Thank you!
aww love u too :,)
The Bing sessions at Soho House
And say yeah!
Happy birthday New Mexico, 100 YEARS OLD TODAY!
i want a henna tattoo from juuu<3
Oh, we're going to World Trade Center. I thought we were going to 34th street and walked from there. What time ya got there?
Trumps party is off the hook
after all this time, i just wonder if this is justice or action under pressure. I'll keep an eye out on the results.
I think I just saw someone quote a Skrilex song... I didn't even know that was possible.
Oral history metadata synchronizer... This is purdy darn neat.
I thank God for a soon to be Husband like Mine <3 I admire him so much ah I love him so much :)
don't get angry lol what up cutie
What kind Brian RT : i want a cake Aubrielle
thanks again stay in touch!
Ryan, have you already talked about UNC's counting SoMe involvement for P/T? Wanted to include that in my next talk.
you are so ghetto & a disgrace to the game of tennis...guess Richard didn't teach you class
One more game...
what wonderful news! :) Big year for all of us!! Glad to hear school's going well...keep up the gr8 work!
PinkSlipRick.com had big piece on Maddow tonight. Thanks Rachel for recognizing all their hard work! thanks for keeping eye on FL
I've done my share and probably have one more later this year...it's been great to me but time to go!
Maryland til tmrw, then home :D
"today is the greatest day I've ever known"
today...we dine in hell! fuck that....i'll just go call her, you guys have a good time...bring me back something-Alexis
Calling all indie publishers! Join us in 15 minutes for #indieview, to chat about issues that matter to indie publishers.
my skin is yellow. not white. Yellow.
Always good to know we have another ally! Thank you. :-) At least Maryland recently stepped up.
pick me!
right there with ya dude!
“: Why is Michelle Beadle trending? Has she finally accepted my marriage proposal?”--I wanna see you two debate on first take. Lol
Woohoo! 100% uptime in April. Take that five nines.
#Happy #Monday Everyone #spring break
I know man we sat for like 2!
please forward additional details through direct msg
Just, be sure to look up the contraption in the book like Jess did before purchasing. LMAO.
NYC July 24, 2010 9am (The Great Lawn Central Park) "Love Is Us"- Photographers Michael Dote, Xaviera Shutter Princess Sparks, Dane Delaney
Same here. One of the things that kept me from playing alts in WoW was losing all my pets, mounts, etc.
My mind is like a steel trap: rusty and illegal in 37 states.
Sons of Anarchy heads to a great conclusion
XOXO RT HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY TO THE STUNNING the peeps sure have a winner in that one :) LOVE YOU
At school right now....working on a science project. Why do we have so many projects at the end of the year?
what the heck!!!! why is it raining so much!!!!!!!
*pours up* let the countdown begin...
Here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is finished. If you are alive, it isn't. - Richard Bach
wa hat a stupid statement
Bout to go chill wit DMx and let him here my muzik
Bra. I did some straight deer shit. Im too pissed at myself!
LOL TOO BAD I CORRECTED MYSELF. THANK YOU GOOD DAY! lol
NKOTB ...New Kids on the Block!!!
Nothing like being the black guy that was invited ..... Lol
Today makes it on my "Top 10 Worst Days Ever" list.
Jacksonville. Don't let the door hit ya in the a__ on the way out. Elway got a REAL QB.
Hey Brenda thank you for the follow!
Never half ass two things. Whole ass one thing.
Today is a weird day of up and down emotions. Up and down and sideways. Just a continuation of the last 2 weeks.
I never realized how much I didn't miss this school till now
ok. i'll figure it out. thanks.
Terrific! RT : stay tuned for my next blog entry on creating a volunteer activity-based point system
Dude, I would be thrilled if we got to work together next year. I'll e-mail you soon about another visualization I did this year.
My teachers told me I wouldn't be shit
Joe Hite tonight and Thursday. Who I he? C'mon.... Milwaukee's best performer and singer
Can't believe its already September
I don't complain too much because somebody else have it worst than me. Life ain't so bad after all.
ohh got ya !! Yeah i had no clue where to go til basically the last second
Yeah, if I was in Detroit, I'd probably be living in the only occupied house in an abandoned neighborhood.
same, I just can't wait for the summer to relax and go to shows haha!
bad acl buddie:((((( and okay I will! Thank you!! Goodnight ryan'
My pick for best supporting role on the red carpet: P. Diddy's lint roller.
Chiefs had FOUR total yards in the first half. Yes. FOUR. The Jets scored one touchdown for every yard the Chiefs picked up.
Me+an acoustic showcase @ the Listening Room in Nashville+ July 13th 5:30-6:30+ an hours worth of songs about boys= you SHOULD be there.
- Henry Cole, the man behind the Christmas Card, is one of our bearded heroes!
will they do it today?
Interested in exhibiting this fall? Dallas,Ft Worth,Dallas or the ALL Tx Garden w/ Neil Sperry in Arlington? www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
My friend was on tour with her marching band and their bus got stopped by border control for a suspicionless search this summer.
Nobody can get to me. Only 1 and its Jesus. So don't mind if I smile and be happy cuz he lives in me.
Boney James- So Beautiful
My son and I are going to kill each other before this match is over.
hahaha that's awesome
Bought myself an early bday present today!
ur cool with ur tobacco post
We are closed between 3PM and 5PM. Dinner service starts at 5PM until 10PM Sunday thru Thursday and until 10:30PM Friday and Saturday!
doubt your gonna see this but
-_- RT : How?? I'm ridin dirty them crackers out in clay lol": swang wide it'll b worth it"
Recording...in the morning by J.cole ft Drake.
one hundred! And heck I had to pay you like 1 million!!
Hello this is Karen remember me? You sang about me in When You Walk into My Dreams and 6.4...
Thank you!
I want to go out, but I'm probably not!
Watching a horror movie and thinking "NO! Dont kill him! He's HOT!"
Wish I could. I'm booked elsewhere all weekend.
“: Loiter squad!”
Even when you are doing the right thing, people will always judge you and hate you for it -_-
from what o.0
NEVER SAY NEVER ! :D <3 Just wanted to say Hi, and how's it going? (:
Feel like an idiot. Just saw some I didn't know I had. Never responded--AM VERY SORRY!
@ the CDAD Community Breakfast meeting & it is a great meeting! At the podium now is City of Detroit's Planning & Development Director...
hey there!!! How r ya my Insanebro??? Luv ya, ur sis~*+Sabbath+*~
NCAA tourney games on Does the NCCA know does not have HD? I can't watch basketball in SD. First world pains are horrible.
What are the fundamental human traits? #language #tool making #walking upright #music and #creativity must be there too!
Just called my mom to wish her a happy mothers day. When I realized I had the wrong week I swore and hung up on her.
Works like a charm.
i'm so weird
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together
Thanks for joining us last night! :)
RT : In exactly 5 hrs I will be announcing the winner of season 2 of And then 3 minutes later, I will crack a...
Classic, both dudes aced it. .
do you moving forever or for a few months? ;'(
Happy Monday Fashion 5.0 fans! It's so gloomy here in San Diego. RT if you are really ready for #Summer now!
geez, I walked Georgy thru the Adams Morgan day crowd. good thing he was behaving himself (mostly)
yeah that blows
"A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex."
you're Following 36,573 people & im One Of Them..YEE <33
": Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown"
Did really get beat badly by Newcastle & Pepe Reina swing and miss on a headbutt or has this all been an elaborate april fools joke?
Orioles better resign Adam Jones ASAP . That was a shot
The United Air iPhone app shows your upgrade status. Nice. Too bad I didn't get one.
I just turned 13 this past April:)
darling thank you!!! I miss you sweetie. When can we do lunch. So much to share... XOXOXO
THANK YOU to everyone who has tweeted or bought the book. It hit #3 at Amazon a few hours ago and is holding steady. I am so
thanks brother for the season and a great first round against Pittsburgh.
Hi Jim, we're following your tweets about the conference!
i own jack links beef jerky..
“: having a hard time deciding if it's brilliant or creepy” It's brilliantly creepy. And all 's idea.
Today is the beginning of a new life
Since spring has arrived, Balthazar sits in the window and pretends he can get those birds were it not for the screen. It's hilarious.
This dude just called my professor a c*** because he didn't like his grade on the open book multiple choice test and map quiz #JuCo!
Message:"For Those Of You Who Have Already Inquired....I OFFER YOU 30 DAYS TO RUN YOUR BUSINESS..FREE TRIAL...HOW'S THAT F
You know i keep alot to myself.well not alot just 1 subject thats very dear and near.
Everything you need for travel, all in one site! Book air, hotel, car, cruise; buy travel wear, get passports & Visas. www.FreeXpedia.com
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite restaurant to go to?
I would much prefer Beibs!
get you a #redbull it
I just uploaded a brand new twitter background.. whatcha think??
#FollowFriday Don't follow me, follow He'll agree with you more about films & tv. I'll just say you're a horrible person!!
The Green Mile never fails to make me tear up. )':
alright then haha
thanks man yeah I got yall
They are. He does.
To the guy sitting on the curb of the blood bank eating french fries and wearing a faux tuxedo shirt.....Marry Me.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
I'm not making jokes about the charges against the #StopKony fellow. I'm saying that should NOT claim that he is "malnourished."
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
#MyDream is too be a singer & an actress any advice?? Oh & my birthday was yesterday!!!!!!!!
Call me right fucking now .
Can't wait to see you!
those are -not- fat legs..
I don't drink soda, so I need coffee! And seeing what coffee does to you, I don't think you need caffine. Haha ;)
The amazing on with right now!! LOVE her music!!
That's a great documentary!
The Beatles - Within You Without You - 02:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
girls will be girls.
When uses double standards <<<< #jerk (:
it works and it's fun!!
I sure will!! I can't wait
#uppers This report abt the BP spill makes me want to CRY! The ppl; the gulf; and eco system r RUINED
Danngg, that was deep . Chicago's Finest, #leggo .
Me too! RT : what a loser...I feel bad for sometimes
Thursday Mens game followed by night out... make it happen captain!! See ya soon brotha !
Wow.... Went to a different sbux today off of w valley pkwy and I just got a mouth full of grinds :-\ ... Unsatisfied
Who's been fucking with the Skyrim thou?
McGahee might break a nail or something, may take him out of the game
Could have done without Gary Neville's "Oooooooooooooooooohhhhh" for Torres' goal. Not the best soundbyte ;-)
what up
Thanks for the link, very interesting!
haha. Yea you and me both brotha!
If Romney becomes president, they have to move the Texas capital from Austin to Lubbock.
Our shortlist will be announced soon. Here's to hoping the edge of your seat is cozy!
hit me up for presale!! October 15th @ Area 702 The Ghost Inside, First Blood, Deez Nuts, A Loss For Words, Hundredth, Kill The Masses!
- my favorite Miles.... thank you
Do u currently have #e-book readers (i.e. #Kindle, #Nook, etc.) at the library?
Our booth equipment and touchscreens just left for #aam10. We can't wait to see you in Los Angeles!
Today's Trivia Question: Who was the 1st Black Woman to receive a Medical Degree? Visit www.americanlegacymag.com after 12pm to find out!
old My Morning Jacket is meant for Winter nights like tonight
#EastSideMustHaves DC Tourism
Lol ma friend makes an AWESOME raptor noise s/o follow him :D
Follow from Mississippi
Celebrated the twins 9th birthday today. Got them alarm clocks, they're super EXCITED to wake up tomorrow!
Students I am on my way to class now
There are some girls on this train whose outfits Claire Huxtable most definitely would not tolerate.
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby. You made me want a mustang
When will the nacho cheese heater replace the water cooler in the workplace? This is Wisconsin, dammit!
Hey Pittsburgh! Go fuck yourself!
I'm probably taking one of those later, but I don't have finals to blame.
OMG I'm so confused my head is about to blow. Why??
We can't win at home, we can't win on the road. As general manager I just can't figure out where else to play. - Pat Williams
trying to teach about #trivia43, he's a rookie. Telling him about Trivia Stone.
Do me a HUGE favor and give a shoutout to for me? and please follow her? thanks you guys are the BEST! :)
“: my fingers are crossed GL”. Thanks man!
#NowPlaying Empire State of Mind - JayZ ft Alicia Keyes ... Cannot wait to be back in NY in nine days!!! :-) xo
Looking for satisfying girl scout cookie statistics and coming up short.
welcome to winter :)
I'm on to you now...
PHILLIES PLAYING LIKE SHIT AND MY JOB IS BUSTING MY BALLS
Finally just used the ladies room.
Is that ice?
so happy you guys are back! I felt so uninformed!!!
#RealWomenWant to look in the mirror and see their best friend.
Like the Captain America choice. Chris Evans.
I just wish I had a joint that big! You're welcome;)
Tonight in Milwaukee: or Peter Case and ? Begin.
AWESOME point ;)
There's a difference between venting and begging for attention.
It wasn't a dream. It did happen! Good morning
hahaha, well I wouldn't, but her and my friend got it on! No they didn't..
shhhh. I'm sleeping
Tis the truth, for it is apparent to all
RT : Just because #Autism Awareness Month is officially about to end, it doesn't mean that the Autism Awareness has to end...
Got 1981 Radio Shack Model 100 from storage, added 4 AAs - booted instantly! Ran flawlessly for years.
That's not true re: OBL. Twitter was abuzz w/ rumors but there was no confirmation until the speech. TV didn't "miss the moment."
Heck yeah! I get out at 11, too late?
I Cant Wait Till Summer I Aiint Gone Neva Stay Or Be Etd Home
Debating whether to even come to school -_-.
900 fans!!!! Thank you all. Wondering who's
Turn my tv on to "Harry Potter, The Boy Who Lived, come to die." uh..Voldemort, I think you mean "come for pie"..
See you at TED tomorrow!
QR code don't: Sign next to a urinal (unless by Duchamp, presumably) @
Fun fact: If you look up "most corrupt House Oversight Committee chairman in history" in Webster's there is a photo of Darrell Issa.
Damn! Memphis won last night! I want the second round to start!!! I need to see my !!
Watching #MakeItOrBreakIt witg ma niggs I Can't Believe The Coach Fucked Jordan for Years ! Smh !
oh son.... you gotta watch me this weekend now lol
I was thinking we should get a room at like wildwood one sunday and drink/swim all day for #sundayfunday, then go to the game
Do it! You only got an hour till they stop serving anyway.
Frost delay, frost delay, frost delay
me too
I love to be a part of outrageousness. For real, let me know.
#Salute RT : in the booth with - OG in the radio world showing our boy the way!
You're a genius
- Hey guys. It's going to be a Harbaugh Super Bowl - 49ers v. Ravens. It's all about the defense.
Thursday -Sunday come into City Gear to get an ADDITIONAL 20% OFF RED TAG APPAREL!!!!!!!!!
What's your Tumblr URL?
it's at university of Houston!
When you can live with all your opposite qualities, you will be living your total self.
Nice job Wolfpack!
we on for tomorrow night bro?
without music i'd die.
I am trying to decide between Parsons and SCAD for Interactive Design grad school. Any guidance?
RT I can't stand to see these lil ass girls on here talking bout they bad, bitch u aint even got titties yet!
With temps dropping this week it's a great time to get on the roof and check your units for any problems w/ your coolers or A/C units.
dinner @ #ondos was delicious. loved the super crispy patatas bravas
i love waking up to nothin from my girlfriend she must really care about me -__-
Awesome! I hope it's a nice, outdoor run instead of a treadmill.
just saved the day! Thanks to you I'm back up and running after crazy hacking issues. :)
How the Fuck do i stop getting someones tweets >_<
Golf Quests is looking for an advertising professional who is seeking a challenge in the travel, golf, and tourism industry to sell ad spac…
are you going to the gathering friday? i wager a taco from that #cuse beats #wake thursday night...
My tl won't load
Not sure what I think about the mixed Kits
wrote: Daily I live to die in this life so that I may die to live in the life to come.
Carl got a 5 minute major for the same shit they just did to Richards and were gonna let that go?! Playoffs swallow the whistles,likeudodick
Had Chix Fillet today ,and got a million & pie from Furrs Rest.Need a drummer.
RT Great time last night hanging with my & friends at Thanks everyone!
babies know ma weakness.
I heard Julia V makes an awesome cupcake
One of my fav person just came over and just made the rest of my night.can't wait to see her tomorrow!
You are in my thoughts n prayers everyday
True Kansans, aren't they? Tornado outside? Let's go gawk at it!
“Being a Humanist means trying to behave decently without expectation of rewards or punishment after you are dead.” — Kurt Vonnegut
Great to see Ohio's consumers stand up for the laws that protect them
An owner of a wastewater treatment facilities was sentenced in to 21 months in prison and a $310,000 fine for violating the Clean Water Act
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires
I might!
honestly I would share it with most of my followers after I paid off my family's debt
local chicago channel 50 yea AMW on sat's was badass too
love your website! Thank you for coming to our event and we hope to see you again soon.
Absolutely love, love, LOVE Brandon Jennings and Beno Udrih on the court together.
Redskins have reached an agreement on a 1-year deal with RB Tim Hightower.
A must read!
sweet:) oh and I get to see you tomorrow
I'm going to tea bag Johan Santana. And he's going to like it.
Thanks so much for the recs! I grew up east of Buffalo & can't wait to read more books by my former neighbors to the West
Oh, of course their piece at DePaul. That kind of felt representational to me. Heavily referential anyway.
If love is a labor, I'll slave till the end. I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand.
": I can't ever get myself to play the lottery, maybe someday..." me either lol
Your Mission: Believe all things are possible with God Your faith should always reflect that mission
Bowled a 190, 5 strikes in a row
RT : Caps owner Ted Leonsis and Ducks GM Bob Murray - guests on today’s edition of NHL Hour With on SIRIUS XM Radio.
shut the front door! That's awesome!! Dude we're accepting apps for next year's team! 80+ events around the US. Mad exposure!
Doing good, you? No longer at CBS. In San Francisco living the dream.
Good morning! It’s 7 am in #Chicago on 'Abdu'l-Bahá's 22nd day in America. The city is enveloped in fog and mist.
Does anybody know how to bulk upload events to #dipity?
Hey if you wake up tomorrow, and also want food, come have a fried egg sandwich. Nice show tonight.
oh ..... I want it to come out soo bad
You got me there.
Up at 6:30 and watching oriental drum covers. Not sure how that happened.
I FINALLY figured it out. Team name: "Passed Out By 10PM!" As I am certain I will be! ;)
that awkward moment when you are playing fruit ninja and, you miss the first one. *RESTART*
no time for naps today in the office...
CRASH: I-5 southbound @ Nyberg, left lane blocked
At this point, thinking mode of storms across Iowa will help to take heaviest rain chances just south of SW and SC WI tonight
you have relatives in Texas, Pennsylvania, Maine, or Maryland?
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Hope everyone has a great day!
We must be living the same life... RT : My life is one big beautiful, chaotic juggling act.
I'm guessing your love got you those. Why can't I have a relationship like that
thank you -- hope you are well!!
A+Research: Where Do I Start? Presentation @ Thompson Apr 11, 2-3pm room 150B Learn steps to a successful research project!
date me
My prayers are with her family and especially her daughter and mother she was an incredible singer and person may God bless her family
and individuals shouldn't be allowed to vote on civil rights. that's why we have a federal constitution.
2 brothers who won't stop wrestling, makes for a not so relaxing nt. for mom (ie. me). :/
we got Clemson this week we owe them a beating for how they ruined our season last year 12pm Sat afternoon on ESPN2
RT I want a kindle fire
What do you mean the old you?
The mom needs to borrow money. Let's see how long before I get it back.
Arguements are learning experiences, nothing is learned if your not together after.
American Idol is gay.
Thanks for follow!
You can, count on me, like one,two,three. I'll be there (:
It's so early but I can't pass up a February day for a morning run when I'm not all bundled up.
My thoughts exactly ": Word to your mother. And that word is "Love". #HappyMothersDay"
I follow back ;)
We the US will be in Afghanistan well past 2024. Just like in Korea, and Germany.
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleveland Clerk of Courts
I through suicides on a private jet ..you know what that mean im fly to death.
DO YOUR BEST! “Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.” Frank Lloyd
This is why I love the chiefs....
I always say yes to bluegrass
Did you guys ever find a place to crash in Toledo?
I miss saying "Luke." He looks better in black & orange than grey & blue.
you tell'em!!
maybe next summer we will have a donkey festival involving one of them, some tours of the local bike builders and some beers!
ohh ha. what grade are you in?
The whole front of my mouth is numb and feels weird:P
my girl aint that old jk
Fuck this feeling.. nap time .
#PCA she is also beautiful
The great business of life is to be, to do, to do without, and to depart.-Viscount Morley
We can thank for the end of the night Journey request. I half resisted and she said, "Don't worry, I used to work here"
**Request** Our time has freed up a bit, Are you or anyone you know hiring, looking for help, need a dog walked?
spain invaded portugal apparently...
Budget chair CM says he hopes to wrap up hearings by 7 pm each day.
sweet ok:) please dont forget! the shows in september!
if it makes you feel any better, i think you and Eleanor are oh so very cute :)
Arrogance of the Zealot - thinking that the cell in my uterus is more important than the man they sentenced to death.
I like your smile .
something MKE is proud of for sure!
Not showing on zune, was is the rss address for those anti-apple people.
me either. Lol
Sad... Writing a blog now recapping the season
Yeah, its always nice when there's an old guy who smells like piss at the gym.
So sad, but we're cancelling Fitness by the Fountain tonight See you Wednesday!
That's exactly why I did that.. I feel honored.
The Unit server upgrade is complete! To say thanks to #Unify users for their patience, we are going to run a quick give-away. Stay tuned...
Coach Calipari and the No. 11 University of Kentucky drop game to Ole Miss Rebels
How the fuck i get drunk so fast last night...supa weak...
Met and spoke with Rascal Flatts' tour manager, Mike McGrath, today. Hope I get to work with people like him some day.
I'm not baffled. It's clearly the alien mind control apparatus at work while we sleep!
RT : 2011 will go down in #history as year of biggest rollback of abortion rights since Roe v. Wade bit.ly/obD960
Got anything else good I should be listening to??
So much gratitude for my three sweet children piled up next to me here on the divan all pink-cheeked & silly & cookie-eating.
Gonna have a good night. (y)
say that shit A G A I N ,cause they don't know
Can't wait to listen to it on archive
looking forward to internationalization!
Ok we accept the challenge! Come to Miami and we will ball! :)
hello!! You're quite welcome :) and thank you
Four shots of Jameson at 8am. It must be a flight day. Snowing in Bham. Hopefully flight is not delayed...I will have to drink more.
Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for joining us!
Do you prefer Margret or Satan's mistress?
Oh yes he was
Nice little 3 mile run study break with and
- Watching Cheaters . . Hm !
Dr. Turner: what makes a video go viral: engage, emotion, surprise, target sharers.
haha thanks Eric =)
you and me would deff be better teachers and I really will fail
"How can I meet the mayor of Oman because he'll want to meet me."
Do you have empathy? An openness for growth and understanding? A great start!
Walker is like Bagdad Bob. Their are no Americans in Bagdad. As US tanks roll past in the shot.
People are so stupid.
Avoid anti-inflammatory drugs/supplements post workout. Inflammation is the first step to muscle hypertrophy which leads to muscle growth.
My brothers flipping out over American idol. Chill out trev, its just a show.
HTTP://www.infatuationclothing.com
With #lumen great night.
Had a great time with at the studio tonight. Funny s&%t!
No law enforcement agencies have unlimited jurisdiction.
poor Brandon...
Thanks, Susan! And thanks for listening last weekend :)
Lol Girl It's So Many It's Crazy & They Don't Play When It Comes To Him
Not worried bout it... ^_^
just talking to George sellers about your candle, when I come to Paris in sept for shows we must dine w DL and u!
I believe!
RT UNDERSTAND U MAKIN UR MONEY BUT WE NEED OUR QUEEN DIVA BAC HOME...U R MISSED ill b home Sunday thanks! Missn it
Kulov Tea Festival, May 13, 14, 15 in L.A.. We'll be there, will you?
i ant to die, ihave a 750 class should i go fmlhate every1 ronniepryoor next door 2me ibegged him not to hurt me like this
Sure glad that Arsenal came through with the victory in their CL match today - go Gunners!
Y'all are still gullible bitches. No one is as gullible as Kaylee though.
The #law of unintended #consequences: THEY EXIST.
Thanks! Great job yesterday :)
in related news, I bought a screaming slingshot monkey toy for $4 today. Seemed like a good investment.
I hate when ppl tell me follow them. You have a better chance in following me first cuz I will never do it
Anniversary lunch at and picked up chocolates at after. Great afternoon so far.
“ You can't fight love, cause it'll kick your ass if you try lol #realshit”
and you to mime :)
just asking..... anyway i amtoo
In concert intermission in Europe I told a well-known soloist he was flatting. He was not happy. I didn’t care He was better after that <U+F04A>
fuck yea u could... Very hott
He would just be an average NBA player if he couldn't jump like he does.
YEP ...he has to look good with it though Example: Rick Ross
Thank you very much. Checked out your site and I like it. I'll visit frequently and participate.
sure!:D
In the last 2 minutes, it's been an amazing social experiment. It's my birthday but I had no idea how many people would respond.
Actually in bed at 11:30 on my day off.
Now that the news is out there, here's wishing Jim Mandich the best in his battle with cancer. RT
Aw look at my fav little Pisces man!!
Here is a simple but powerful rule …. always give people more than they expect to get. ~Nelson Boswell
I want one!
Congrats on the entrance - Looking forward to joining the discussion! /CC
#cosign RT Thank you Maurice Sendak for all the incredible childhood memories & bringing my imagination to fun & exciting places.
hahahah apparently. that's prolly gona be me when im that age lol
people who 'like' their own facebook status updates, to you I say, "bravo"
Just read a couple of Feynman's books. He was smarter than the rest of us.
AT WURK HIGH ASS HELL JUS ATE ALL THA VALENTINE COOKIES UP BAHAHAHAHAHA
So true! Community engagement isn't just for some library staff. Everyone must b working on this!
Getting bullied? stick something in their butthole......there is no come back to being penetrated
It's my birthday. :-)
Excuse me while I go punch my sister in the face! Ugh cry baby!!!
If you follow me i will love you forever,btw I LOVE YOUR TWEETS!!!!!
What the fuck happened to ricky ross.
what happened to the pygmy hippo?
Dont you just LOVE us?! I <3 U! Follow me! Gonna meet you on April 20th ! <3
Attending our semi-annual Information Technology Professional Half Day...bringing together centralized and decentralized IT
I cant handle you anymore oh yeah I'm pissed at you!!!!!
I don't have any recommendations, but this plan sounds pretty amazing.
#cheers 2 U!
Women rocking our playlist right now: and CocoRosie
Don't you be holding back your love, because in the end girl your gonna want another round'
#cybermonday Why not name every day after a different shopping opportunity? #toolstuesday (#consumercalendar)
It's a little embarrassing how much I like it!
I kindof want a
ay que twitter. Que le pasa?
I've noticed all my student friends have disappeared into the #springbreakzone when will they return to earth?
Slobber Snaks in the oven...who's ready??? <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Evening out my walk with a Famous Daves burger and fries
Sarah Palin, undeniable proof of the failure of the American education system.
ciao vidal sassoon. you gave me the best haircut of my life.
is it a better rotation than healthy philly?
yep, I like them! Good looking out!
lol what happened last night?
Well excuse my carisma
I 2nd the welcome!! Can't wait to see you!
Having a fabulous time in #sanfrancisco with
So, takes forever to upload videos now...has anyone else found this to be true?
I love how and are talking about toothpaste. Yea that's right I said toothpaste.
Let's get 40,000 #followers. He's a good dude!!! CEO of Shop today!!!
Ok, if I donate to public radio will they stop telling me to donate to public radio?
Come on Teblow!!!!
They aren't just verbs or adjectives to describe random shit. Usually in a derogatory or callous way. I mean, c'mon, people. Let's do better
no worries, it's the British one.
you'll have to let me know when you cross the pond!
I cannawt wait for this Christmas! Christmas in New York City, with only Issac as a guardian, hosted by moi!
enjoying #interviewtip december grad edition (DGE)? they continue all month long to help you search for your 1st career! :)
Rise to the occasion
Bruce Edwards: God is DANGEROUS with an unsafe goodness. (#autocorrectfail)
I meant sponsors, vendors, sauce contestants. However, we will fill contest-judge seats on a FCFS basis.
I hate being in the grey.... why can't things be black and white sometimes?
would rather be laying out then doing this paper.
I'll shamelessly promote you then. Read ,
you said you didn't wanna play because your poor ankle was hurt.
pot brownies for breakfast :D
That bald, fat piggy "Montgomery" is the lead instigator and escalation point. Works for General Services and is a fucking asshole.
lol it's all love Indy
If you've ever gotten excited about something because the number 420 was written somewhere on it, we would probably get in a lot of fights.
I wish he would stop calling me.
Chris Davis is 1st guy in MLB history to go 0-for-8 with 5 K's and be the hero of the game
as if this dog remembers how he got into this suit hahahaha
Thanks for mentioning us! Home Grown Learners is an awesome site.
Glad it all came together! Please be sure to take pictures too.
I think because of my Klout power in #helmet :-) There were some cool mens hats at
UVA in the finals for the College Cup! UNC playing a man down against Akron right now tied with 10 minutes to go in regulation.
Let me guess....Apple Earnings Soar by 118 Percent in First Quarter?
Shower, the Heather's, pictures. PROM TONIGHT! Six Flags tomorrow. :) This weekend is going to be great!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.- Albert Einstein
“: Damn skippy. Females aint ripe till they hit the 30s “ Quis likes Cougars tho””oh...u r so special.
bruh I walked by it like 6 times and really contemplated on taking that whole box
You humble me, Lord....reading "one thousand gifts"...and trying to be strong.
You talking about the book or its companion documentary? Either way, agreed.
I'm lucky enough to know him personally and yes have seen him in person! He & my brother are great friends. LOVE..
Ballin With The Boys Celeb/Charity BBall gm May 31 #cowboys legends vs new players proceeds going2 Cedar Crest Salvation Army info ->
Phil Mushnick is an asshole and needs to be fired
Back in the action finally! At Conseco Fieldhouse watching the Indy Karting Classic
lol gets banned from stickam hops on a friends account and does it all over again thats what i call a G.
you never use twitter anymore--lame!
Bored and nervous.
Thanks for checking out my tunes too :-)
It amazes me that people can live somewhere for 9 months and still not know the address...
Thank you dear, and backatchu!
MR (): "Smaller sports, soccer in this country, extreme sports, MMA work hard w/social media. It's been great for us"
Love my crew great night you all Rock
Partly due to correctable mental mistakes - like all of the offsides penalties. : It's over. Lions defeat the #Bears 24-13
Fun fun great food
Is expecting something...
If I win Mega Millions, I will buy an Island and recreate #LOST... who's with me?!
"I'd touch her boobies"
Time to paint.
anyone out there going to Red Seven tonight? i need a show buddy...
Everywhere I go...i see beautiful people. Love this song.
#homelesshumans NEED PERM HOUSING NOW!!! not in 10 years or more!
ON IT.
“: Kandi will be on WWHL 3-4-12! We want a fun guest like Jackee' make it happen”
6-9 pm Club Rain 9933 Greenfield. The after party is at destiny lounge 20143 greenfield ladies 2 for da price of 1 till 11pm. $5 entry!!
The awkward moment when your making a milkshake and all the boys come to your yard(:
i get work tomorrow... but im stuck with you i hope this time i punch your face instead of the wall
"Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see."
The Destruction of the 4th World opens this Friday at PushPush. Murray Mednick script. Film by Jeremiah Prescott and a 13 year old protag!
have a great weekend, Brooke.
your not the only one lol:) RT : It's weird how I can make myself laugh??
I want to fly in and have that waiting to pick me up.
today as a particularly concentrated microcosm of the larger characteristic. it's amazing how fast things change and happen.
it's friday girl. why so angry today?
Sorry man, already cut it! Thanks though!!!!
nerd alert
music is a way of life. not a life of music. let it flow out your soul or you are a body lifeless of the way.
thank you. I haven't updated it in quite some time. Gotta get back on my blogging grind.
forgive me sir for sleeping on ya skills! This REACH album goes bro!!
dang, look at all those trombones!
I'm gonna do it
There's still time to make changes to your body and wellbeing before the holidays (so you can look and feel your best for the inlaws..)
Don't forget the lyrics! Over the _____, To grandmother's house we go! #ChevyFun w/the
Wow this paper is crap lol
Nice meeting you last night @ the showcase. You left with a Dave The King CD. Let me know if you'd like to set something up
yup and it was with just a point and shoot!
Happy 15th Birthday! Were has the time gone? It seems like you inspire me more and more each day. Happy Birthday! <3 xox
I'm good how r things with you.
Family Marketing Inc. to Change Name to EverydayFamily, Inc.
Suspect in 1995 Deltona rape, Witar Luangamat, has been extradited from Arkansas and arrived in Volusia County at about 1:40 p.m.
Can't believe Rob and Kristen might get married.
Because they're happy to see anyone new?
Great pick up for Chicago. But he IS an asshat! He's a wife beater, and thats the worst thing you can possibly be!
Let's go heat!! Came home just in time to watch the last 5 min
Working a carnival in the freesing cold....
THEY ONLY RT SOME PEOPLE -_-..
ooh, good idea. thanks!
Thanks! We are online only, no brick and mortar
Welcome & thanks I'm excited about the exchange.
Trader Joe's Speculoos! Is what I ate for breakfast and now, lunch.
I think he was asking if I was an international Costco member, like, not from around these parts.
Always cool to read #FNIchat... much learned..
pssssh! What time you going today?
lol yes they definitely know smh
For real, why do you have to tell me something like that? Here comes the over thinking.
way to be positive! :) RT : Hit the wall at full speed. Finished 15 minutes off of goal & 6+ off PR. But life as a...
RT will focus on using emerging tools & technologies to acheive MISSIONS more efficiently & effectively
thank you for coming out had fun with you
The Veterans Open Support Group meets each Friday at 4:30PM (1030 E Brady St) Details at www.dryhootch.org.
My daugther, 8 1/2 yr old, Chloe is hosting a back to school sleepover for the 2nd year....80's themed...mom loves that but my nerves won't!
Sans Souci here we come come say hello Ventura!
The risks of making your own sushi include getting Ikura (salmon eggs) in your hair.
So I joined this casting agency for film background work and they're really working me... Haha.
Hey El Paso! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Miss you!!!! See you next month!
. can we interview you tomorrow for on mashable?
Not everyone should wear green. Just saying.
Finally getting to do one of my fave things... sitting down and catching up on #digital #interactive #agency news.
After 10 years of drinking coffee I've discovered that I'm a "slurper". Yes, I'm THAT guy.
please follow my niece ;)))) she's your biggest fan
So proud of my goddaughter, she's 7 yrs old & she's already learned to defend herself.....
did u do the homework???
Moving some big ol' files with TransferBigFiles
Man I feel like driving all the way to Brooklyn, NY for some good ass Jamaican Food!
At the museum
what time?
This is my football tweet.
we did I thought no
Both impressed and amused by ladies able to go through an elaborate make-up routine on the bus.
At #smcsea, throws up a full slide photo of looking good as usual.
I hate facebook....
Baseball at Fenway is a little like racquetball. Let's go Os!
you aint getting them back!.(:
Haha! Maybe that would've helped:)
A good portion of his career was built on Tim Burton movies though...
Love isnt love without the person that you care about.
liver is all yours but I'll fight ya over the gizzards.
time "run on the BIG Banks" and deposit money into Local banks or Credit Unions
Hopefully this phone doesn't give me any more problems. I just want to have a working phone. Is that too much??
Being sick deffinately does not help this situation.
many thanks for hosting, its was a great meetup! you have a great space and look forward to seeing it when its complete!
what are u doing in SA? Any events that i could attend to get your John Hancock! :)
Two 85 plus old ladies, reuben rischall and bulls game, victory, awesome
Yeah, I am weird. But then, normal is boring. LOL.
#Germany Can have vices & be a good general. Read controversial new #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/kindle
he's tall. He got an adorable accent. His personality is amazing. I didn't mention any names but we all know Liam popped into your head ;)
what's the deal
You can bite my ARTISTIC STYLE, but never steal my SOL!
I'm gonna love you until my last breath... My last sigh
Awesome article in the Sun! I hope you all get a great response!
i love waking up and then putting on music by , i love you so much justin i wish you'd follow me<33
lol she's ma momma in my heart <U+E328>
What are you supposed to say if you have Chris Brown as your Blackjack dealer and you need another card?
#2manycomebacks2this so leavin it @:AGREED RT : No such thing as too much fun ;)
#WhatAWomanNeeds is me, for love respect, protection and attention...money is another story ; )
doing some great things in mobile, and there is lots of trivia and puck tossing prizes, thanks Golier
that was you?? Shit I didn't know lol. Cause I was listening to music and didn't really hear you and I thought you said are u high
“: karleeelovesyou happy birthday :)” thanks :)
$10 student rush tickets for tonight's performance of "You Can't Get A Decent Margarita at the North Pole". Come on down and join the fun!
Tim Green's mom hooked him as a reader with a .25 garage sale book. 'There's a book for everyone.'
awkward. I'm going sunday
7M on treadmill? U start doing serious mileage like that, & I recommend going outdoors. More enjoyable! Bummer about ur knee :(
I love u tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I stand corrected..
It's amazing what kind words or a simple smile can do.
true - once asleep, I don't want to get up, but once awake, I don't want to sleep.... maybe I just don't like change? :)
i've been to the library three times. tried to study there one time, but fell asleep. other two times, it was just to use the bathroom.
bailey and madison are def. not girl names to me c:
Now following back :)
I just devoured that.
Commercial developers! Look no further. We have all your social media and online marketing needs covered.
Golly, Spurs why can't you make your FT's. We have nothing but shrimps on our team who stand around watching the Mavs score! :(
nun. School borning even though I am out of school. Lol!
Keplar calculated elliptical orbits of planets around the Sun after years of puzzling what gases might cause erratic patterns around Earth?
thanks! Should find out this week if I get in!
I just can't get enough
#lovenhiphop they al bad. Straight up
"only game 2"
OMG...you walk on the wild side! LOL
Football in the rain, let's go Fire
I get the most random songs stuck in my head. This morning it was the macarena, now yellow submarine?
I think is the sexiest white boy EVER! Something about his badass presence...
Welcome to my new followers. As I always say, buckle up & enjoy the ride!
The door flew open!
F'ing manager made me move to accommodate f'ing Duke fans.
thanks for retweet!
Good stuff! Thanks for sharing! Looking for rare funk? Sold my rare funk a few years back. Harder to find now!
Said our 2 year old to my wife as we were saying goodnight tonight... "I colored on the couch. I wasn't supposed to."
SI, SIGNORE! #ONIONS with the marinara sauce!
What happened to the sweet Patrick Kane from the start of the season, who in an interview, referred to a girlfriend who gives him Twizzlers?
I kind of had to explain that the series was an on-going.
Probably gunna gain at least 10 lbs tomorrow..
metaphorically speaking of course.
A piece of ass will never run my life. It ain't that serious. Then again if you ain't getting it or use to getting it then I can understand
Good morning! Did anyone stop by for a healthy breakfast? Our Mornin' Melts have less than 200 calories! #SUBWAY ftw!
Exactly the same here. I hate the way the Rangers play, and how over-hyped Lundqvist is. Faces like 15 shots per game.
Ah the pandora for android app is life changing
Got politics in your future? Don't miss Political Boot Camp on Sat, Oct. 15. Register by this Fri for discount. www.lawyersclubsandiego.com
Big part of the game plan for Mavs will be their ability to get back in transistion. OKC loves to run and advance ball...
Irony: sketching out a blog post about the death of print, then opening my to discover it celebrates the printed word.
i can,t wait
Shout out to my boy and fellow grad on hitting his first HR this year for the #Dodgers. #youaretheman Congrats!
Keynote speaker Lou Holtz:Don't strive for success,strive to be significant (in other's lives). graduation
yeah for once. It's nice to see the Cubs do something right...
This is way too much power for me! he he
Over 50% of Americans think climate change will be harmful--but later.
No matter how may times I watch #Matilda its still my favorite movie.
": You are all Cover Girls! Don't be silly ;)" aww thnks Kendall can u do something special for this cover girl like a follow
and that you do Alright Alright you gonna learn today. I love that movie. you are the best.
Sup Steven!
and bridesmaid dress shopping of course.... *girlish shrieking*
Not sure if i still there - a bar in valley called Residuals that would cash any resid check under $1 and give you a free drink!
Monopolybread live right across the street bout to see if i can get them for my graduation party and some Gogo bands
A great second day at , followed by an evangelism meeting with folks from Getting excited about the future...
yo! Roll it!
My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food,
#NashvilleTn getting it right. Watch #weightofthenation on
BOUT TO MIX SOME SH*t!!!! MONEY is the motive but #iSupportKC 4real!!!
C'mon dude, if Al Gore said it, it has to be 100% true.
Antiphanes~ Poverty is the schoolmaster of character.
Fuck Feinberg and his idiots in DC. As Robert Menmoshe calls them: "teh crazies dwon in DC." True statement. Fuck DC and their laws
SAN-DEN-ICT
Is that an age crack?! I'm irked I can't locate the blog from 2000.
Body ovr PC fresh #veggies are essential to preventing #diabetes, but #spinach, #collards and #kale are full of minerals
George #Zimmerman has a
WOW! Daughter is talking mad trash to Cubs fans!!
Sorry Andy- Sean
I'm in such an awesome mood. For the first time in a long time! :)
Why they just start shaking on the floor like a dead fish? Cuz when ppl catch the holy ghost it look just like an exorcism to me.
Take me away
This weather is making me want to nap so hard.
Today's agenda: nap and actually work ahead on homework for once
Well...I don't think Andy would die to protect the paper union.
Good stuff! "I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." - Bach
Im so proud of you!! Muwahh!! :)
I fight authority and authority always wins.
Bumping and singing in the car with him :)
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Is it me? Or does the rose man at every club look like an out of work porn star?
What the hell is going on anymore!?
Just realized my surgical incisions covered by #BluesClues bandaids are healing faster than the others with regular bandaids...
What I bought on iTunes today: Carrie Underwood's single "Good Girl" & Dr. Dre's Chronic 2001. Yes, I'm serious.
I might agree on watching the replay, but live, maybe I'm biased
you are killing me. Now what did you do?!
my throat has never hurt this bad ever in my life.
If I walk into a room with motion sensor lights and the lights click off, does that mean the universe is trying to tell me something?
so we need to get more sponsors, where do we meet them?
No problem! Thank YOU! :)
do u have vacuum envy?
What kind of teacher sends out lecture notes at midnight? A big fat slacker.
#erl12 Compact for open-access Publishing Equity a public multi-institutional signed document to call for open access instead of subs
you're following the wrong account, hit me up on I want to chop it up with you about something
You know you're in Florida when... on the first 10 miles on I-95, you pass 3 Dodge pick-ups with monster tires and 2 abandoned cars...
Dont want to go to work today -- so much to do, dreading finishing it.
this needs to be emphasized because all our work as humanists is situated, embedded in larger communities, in webs of collaboration
seems to be a common theme among responses.. OK read but awful writing
This will be weird
Almost ready for tonight...
Old Blubber Hops is having a lot to deal with. Things are different for her now, she can't control everything.
this bitch is gonna annoy me so much..
RT : Woody Allen news! Josh Brolin joins Oscar winner Anthony Hopkins in the ensemble cast for Woody Allen's next picture.
Have you seen www.gracieuniversity.com? Super slick... very well done.
Some good run at the JC but now I have a jammed finger on each hand
another fight with mom... #whenwillitstop?
My chest hurt now
Today is SO lame.
Misplaced trust and old friends. Never counting regrets.
Black people can't be so stupid as not to support this President. Cut off your nose and spite your face!
acually i take back the last part there just stupid o_O
Requested: Observers for a gov #usability test Nov. 16 from 9-1:30 p.m. in DC. Email for info.
Steve Blake!
Whenever he doesn't talk to me, in my head i'm like: "Fine. Just don't talk to me." Then when he does talk to me, I don't want him to stop..
Booking promo models. This Saturday. Clearwater. 3-11. $125 clear. 21 or older. E-mail pic & info to
Evan isn't reponding as quickly since he does so in between crashes.
Still feels a little like a dream come true.
don't panic!
Welcome to Twitter!
Right now I wish I had phone # so I can talk to him or have some type of communication way to talk to him :( <3
I can do a instgram Zaona , I just need to find the app -sara(:
No turn-key solutions for science, even major big data companies (Google/Facebook/eBay) all roll their own. Still have a ways to go
How could the dolphin afford to buy a house ?He prawned everything !
You Know Me...She Came At Me First Wanting Attention
Still shaking from the tremors earlier! #ny #earthquake - enjoying a drink watching
Step boys :}(
thanks for the RTs!
Wow, sad & shocking. We have forever been changed by his design & innovation. Steve Jobs-a legacy & inspiration that will always live on.
“: Gym bound.... #TeamFitness” do work!!
caffeine, i'm counting on you.
WHERE IS MY COPY OF #TFIOS I WANT IT NOW.
no dm me ok
you are a stud of all studs my brotha!!!
love youu too !
Today is soul music day in the salon. #NowPlaying Softest Lips by #EricRoberson. Can't wait for his new CD to drop next month!
"its hippy-hop, yeah what a breakthrough!"
Thx for following Josh! Be sure to check out for the latest in #mktg, #adv, #pr & #graphicdesign!
i live in L.A
well, be careful. lack of sleep can make one cranky
"Dont talk to strangers!" -my mom
Me too! #stfu Love you!! Xo RT : Stupid ppl annoy me.
I felt super good about it, even though my head was spinning a little. Glad to have you there. Soon you'll be here. :)
Missed blocked called ... Hm
w.e way u wanna take it
How could this not be trending?!
Wandered into an AMA to occupy 30 min, turns out to be with the guy who invented the wiki. Cool.
we need to get in a dartball league..its like how you become a man in my family
No words have ever been truer. It is ALWAYS the weekend. Just ask brands like &
oh....I KNEW THAT I WAS JUST TESTING YOU... &haha thanks(: your nice(ish)(;
same bro
“: Cause everytime I hear that song; I go back.”
We're taking suggestions from our awesome Kenichi fans! What is something you would like to be featured on our new YouTube channel?
Thank You, God loves you
Morning =] I have a french speaking test in an hour, so nervous ;/
I am watching my strangest addiction and this girl is obsessed with makeup and spends 4000.00 on it a year DAMN!!!
haha no i dont hate you Brooke
: Shield that screen while you're tweeting out in the open...
Why why why are some people so cute??? Ugh.
your pics in this series are so beautiful, I kind of want to paint them. Stunning use of b/w, Ben.
25 mile bike ride -> chocolate milk.
life is a wonderful thing even though it may seem complicated at times
If you change ur pword, disconnect and reconnect 3rd party apps and delete any tweets with suspicious URLs you should be good!
I'm really pissed that off that none of hockey channels are working!!!!
life is 2 short to be wasting it by been a jerk to others
": “: my nigga” might wanna jump on the remix if you'll do it"can't wait to hear that is y'all down
Couldn't sleep (on east coast and have to get up early) because I had a feeling we just might win.
MAN I SEEN THE FINEST GIRL IN THIS WORLD AT THE SALVATION ARMY YESTERDAY >>>>>>> On everything I gotta go find her and propose
Hush, hush. I heard a sound come from the ground. All of the trees are a buzz, talking in tongues, talking with lungs, talking with freedom.
Thanks for following me! :)
Ok, remind me again, who is the intended audience for #DarkShadows? I mean, outside of Depp, Burton, and late 1960s gothic soap opera fans.
and Robert Horry.
Tony Romo back in the game w a broken rib! #dedication Colt McCoy is somewhere confused & shaking his head.
“: Not being able to get any cutty <<<<”that's that hurt tho
attending ITIF FCC National Puposes of the NBP forum
I feel like playing Halo.
you are really cute(:
I'm a city boy!
#edchat = ex of free online PD
That's my birthday!!
School w/out today... and I are dyyiinnngg...
Burnt pussy ain't shit RT : can I throw it on the foreman???
Doing fine so far :)
Lets get one thing straight. Favre is NOT retiring. This is about wanting to be wanted.
Mayor Gray: “On behalf of the people of our city, I thank Mayor Adrian Fenty for his service to the District.”
same day as the Hot Chelle Rae concert. I'll have to watch it in line!:D and yay, I can't wait to see what their next cover is!
damn i aint even noticed u tweeted me.. wasssup with u
From my older Catholic family members, to my friend's kids, I can see so much support for Gay marriage.
Glad that Apple's new iBooks Author app doesn't just embrace-and-extend ePub, MS-style. Then again, an iPad-specific ebook format? Meh.
Lol, super late.
Thanks for the follow. Right back at ya!
Pretty crazy right now! Gas outages in various parts of town.
and my dear....fairy godmothers have wings~~~~~~ don't you know that? how do u think Mr AOL got 2 ur door!!!!!
Want myself a good ol'
New categories being announced tomorrow!!! TFFOC.org
The 2nd best part of last night besides the win was how amused was by the tussle between the cops and the streaker postgame
I remember getting so mad at people who talked bad about Tim Tebow! hahaha now that's love!
Thank u Lord for everything
i followed last time and didnt get a shoutout -____-' but anyway ok
I've heard they can take months to ship anything. I'd stay away.
Nice to meet you! 1st heard of your co in '02 as a recording clerk, sent your morts to WAUK RoD. Enjoy your radio ads :+D
haha yeah. Allyse finally did it.
Thanks mom for Zombie strippers movie!
im the type of girl that likes to wear shorts, ugh boots, and a sweatshit when its cold outside. <3
95 degree weather happened!
“: I'm at Club Lucky (1824 W Wabansia, Chicago) - thanks for coming in! Hope you enjoy your time!
Glad to hear it's not just me. I gave it my best shot, but I just don't like it. Have a great G+ free weekend.
Because I'm an idiot. Should be
...talking about web presence..type "Cavatappo" in Google-Images and see the results....
Watching George Lopez ;} you?
We must learn to live together as brothers or we will perish together as fools - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
For those who dont know what happened to Sean Kingston, he was hospitalized after a jet ski crash in Miami yesterday and was in critical
Rain rain, go away.
Waiting for food, popup vegetarian Korean place inside the hi ho.
So what's your Pobox now ?
thanks man hope the jams were Good!!
Lol my house light way smackin
shift your culture.
I might put that in my bio.
Our warmest day will be tomorrow as temperatures soar into the 50s. #KSTP Thanks Patrick Hammer.
Why are there no Ancient Rome fiction titles for kids? Lots of Ancient Greece but hardly any Rome. Where are they hiding?
I'm coming to visit you today and you better be there!
keep hitting those skins
#NoEmailDays - encourages users to use voice #communication, gets groups together. Results; reduces email traffic!
Happy thanksgiving! I'm thankful for My Girlfriend Michelle(: I Love You babe!!!
Macy is the best girl on earth. - you know.
China Lodging Group, Limited Appoints New Chief Operating Officer
Not to be rude but, I really don't care.. like, at all.
However you'd like to interpret it really. Just thought it was an interesting question to pose
How can you sleep with the knowledge that you will never be able to read every book in the world.
Yeah!! Let's make that happen!
Freshly painted bedroom. Thunderstorms. Solo (fantastic) vegan dinner. Red wine and magazines. Can I have another Sunday please?
Seeing a female naked is nicesss but seeing the woman u love sleepin in one of your t-shirts is truly beautiful
For my #hrhappyhour friends have you heard the Blessing White survey about how 64% of employees, if given a chance to move jobs, would move?
is that why you joined WIM?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Thanks for following !
Of to school to print pictures so I can rip them up and make photo collage. My 5 year old self would be proud.
ITS BEEN AWESOME<3
Getting the early drop on Germanfest in Milwaukee.
Hunger Games with and Mama Akerlund :)
thanks for sharing the event and court theatre!
Happy cinco de mayo!
I'd volunteer, but my hair is too big to fit under a derby hat properly. RT : I need a clone.
seriously spellcheck, how the hell can you not have "tournament" as one of the auto-correct options?
Raiders? Halfway through now, so great. Wonder if it'd get made today?
#MusicMonday Add some artists/comedians that are coming your way!
tasted your chips for 1st time @ Fremont Fair in Seattle this weekend. Really liked them. Feel free to send me samples 4 my store
ure the one who sings, its up to ya to decide, musical notes are ur world, so say out loud what's on ur mind. Haha
miss you my lil nig had to check on you
Per your last caller, I think Miles Davis would make a terrible receiver for the
we love you here!!!! you should come to new jersey!
Thank you for the free cranberry scone this morning!
DC: MAYOR - Imma start listening to yall. At least for the next 12 days! After that, it's business as usual. Stand in line FRAT, U NEXT!
Thanks for the #FF mention! Have a wonderful weekend!!
#AnikanSkyWalker never would have become #DarthVader if #Marijuana were
that waffle house tweet is dedicated to the one I love. At least my jam is avon.
Wanna hear a joke about my vagina? Never mind, you'll never get it:)
Does anyone out there still use Lard???
at least it wasn't in studio A live room. :-/
Many foot disorders in #dogs are related to long toenails. Check your dog's nails once a month and trim when necessary, avoiding the vein
the last time i checked, to be cool doesn't mean you have to be a jerk...
#NoMondayIsCompleteWithout the right start to your week with some marketing materials! 5 Free posters with flyer order! 720-542-6105
"This is the #Tunisian Spring...NGOs must have expertise on the unique experience of each country’s revolution“-Ilyes Zine
stay out of trouble
Whats time have to say about it haha
Class 1A: Detroit Lakes will make its first ever appearance at state. South St. Paul is making its 12th, searching for title No. 5.
Poll: How will Virginia football fare against Idaho??
Hope so RT : Will there ever be another: Big L, Scarface, Biggie, Pac, UGK, 50cent, Devin the Dude, Too $hort, Nas??"
My room is so hott!
I don't even know how to use it. All these pound signs.
Now let's see what Kobe talkin about, ya'll have a gnight
Headded to polling place to vote NO on #Amendment1 (and choose among a few dems in primary races).
Ckuz I could spend forever with you.
? Bob, I had a great red blend & my husband Kerry had a bold Cab by the glass! So fun, thanks for the response!
I feel like I just saw Elvis perform.
Sitting in front of a 5 year old who kicked my seat almost the whole flight = birth control.
The email I just read was crazy
I want to talk to my twin!
“ "Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." ~ Denis Waitley”
oh yeah? The food is good I like it.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #sportsteams because we are the reigning Superbowl Champions until Feb 5th.
Ya ex thought his dick was the key to ya hearts treasure chest. I unlocked it with my love and treated u like a princess.
Yes all good for sure
I have no interest in this but if anyone is interested in a hack to get Facebook timelines TODAY, compliments of tcrn.ch/pxT5Jn
Word RT : There's a difference between giving up & knowing when you've had enough.
And there's snow outside, sticking. Wtf * 2
hold up I said that before the series!
bring on summer!
The beginning :-)
Lol RT Music is like candy...you have to get rid of the rappers before it's good.
Jesus has that effect on people
with my homegirl at #best of detroit party. who else is here??
thanks Nancy. I always catch the general session and look forward to Seth Godin's talk
5 books a week - 2 theory, 2 lit, 1 monograph - from now till December. And I am SO PSYCHED. Muji pens and notebooks are at the ready.
GOING TO URUGUAY!!!
go Titans!
Massive headache and I feel like crying :/ wtf
Modern Macrobiotic cuisine...I think my chi is finally in balance.
it was phenomenal. I have it on the dvr. Really hoping stevie wonder & friends is next!!!!
As I get older, I have much less time for drama. Life is way too short and full of worthwhile things to do.
What does that mean? You know I'm not "twit-tastic" yet. Symbols require explanation...
happy birthday love! Miss ya! Have an amazing day!!
How are the winners for sound editing funnier than the host?
please refer to my foursquare checkin
I know!!! I don't know what we're doing. Will def let you know!
and howdy-do!
I already have it planed it's all about the timing
weed patrol nigga
I'm sorta missing the Big 12 championship game. Pretending that Texas-Baylor is for Centex championship (the Barbecue Belt?) instead.
or his craftiness. It will be missed but Felton is a better fit for the future. Smart analysis from a smart blazers fan
Just saw the avengers l
Got 60k at first break, it's a prettygood table.
": Proud of my students' above school average End of Course scores this year!! Woot woot!" Woo!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You're welcome! Great meeting you last night. Tuesday night Old Miami, I'll be coming around soon.
McDonald's should start driving to us :D
today is a day to thankful for all our family and friends
What do our #Illinois friends think of the firing of Bruce Weber?
well give me the last one ull ever give....:-)
#Huguely attorney says it was "amazingly thoughtless" that they sent medical expert prosecution testimony during trial.
Or DID he? How else do you get Thor and his well-known temper out of the way?
Thus endeth another day in confusion. ~wanders off mumbling...~
We met on a flight f/Chicago to Seattle years ago in the exit row, btw. Surprise trip home for Xmas, hence you riding coach.
Come join the largest #health and #fitness #event on #UNLV campus in history!Join the #Rebels fighting obesity on May 5, 10am-3pm!
Why do hotel irons suck so bad. I just want the wrinkles out...is that too hard to ask!
Thank you for the follow!
Today is my uncle's wedding!!!
Thanks for coming by! RT : Woot!
The food is really good here. I just ate the red snapper. On point! About to have some flan.
I think it's bad luck to wear my #Caps jersey.
NC State Fair is on. Good news, fireworks in my backyard every night! Bad news, fireworks in my backyard every night.
Spent over $100 at the Garden Factory yesterday. Excited to plant stuff but I found out the compost we're using isn't done composting.
This dude in front of me thinks he's so BA cause he can squeal his tires. Stop. You look like an idiot.
Dafuq?? I don't get any of my notifications on here anymore!! :-((
probably, since now it's in the statute of limitations hands now. I just feel awful for those kids though
Aight, are you gonna have someone mix/master your vocals or do you need me to? Theres only 1 verse slot left on this btw.
I'm watching a construction worker walk on a beam of one of the buildings going up. Crazy. Not my kind of balance beam.
I try to put a little defiance in my step when walking through the financial district these days.
I'm going to pretend it was who demanded my halloween pumpkins be on the front page.
Feels like I'm walking with my feet stuck in cement.
Thanks for your interest in I had a great time chatting w/ you!
's CABINET OF EARTHS has a functional family that moves to Paris.
Day 1 of Bamboozle is over! Wrecked shit now time to party (;
#TwoThingsIWant a job & a new car <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
tell everyone hey I love them and you'll be careful
my father bought me mandolin strings! ok internet. let's do this.
Oh! Don't you know, don't you know? Beautiful, don't you know?
Representative from testifying in support of #COasset: "It raises the prospects of those still in K-12 schools"
Only the world? Whatever...
that's maybe the most annoying tweet ever. and you don't need to re-email me. emails sent to people aren't assignments.
She struggled to gasp out the words, "Can't. Keep.....my....eyes.......ope...n..." and collapsed into his arms..... G'night all
go follow ;D she follow back :D
Big time kickoff return (again) for Oregon - can they capitalize?
here's to staying ahead of the dbacks and/or catching the philies!
RT : RT : Learn from this and take it to the next game, Aztecs. Good game
who are the other fake Alicia's?
Don't tell me what I can't be or wat I'm not good enough to do.
It's SB Cohen's approach to humor more than the films themselves. But the Dictator is pretty damn funny.
The shortest war on record, between Britain and
your mother !
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 7!
Looking forward to it!
Ha! It sure was! It was a buzz-worthy, hot apartment tour ;)
I think she was serious too... smh
I could go to sleep right now.. Hmm
Hey ! Did you see you made it to our business directory in our 1st #ROC rental guide? Pg. 20.
you are dead on about QR codes. Not a fan.
so true!
WORDS TO THE WISE: YOU MAID THE BED YOU OST TO BE THE ONEZZZ TO LIE IN IT - PAT FORD*
I will see if it works. Ty.
Haha! Thank you for doing that, JG!
Thanks for the RT Rachel.
it ends tommorow night :)
Yeah ! ! Tweeting on a treadmill is good for balance too-ha ha. Stopped after 2 or 3 completely misspelled tweets.
Un- and Under-Employment Awaits Many College Grads
": I said nice to see friends, not assholes! You were not in the conversation." An ommission is not a shot!
Summer Shape Up starts today! Are you signed up??
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! I love you mama!! Thank you for putting up with me for 15 years!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
i don't remember..something from reading..lol
the video for the bobby brown song from ghostbusters 2 features christopher reeve, donald trump, and joey and marky ramone!
Thanks to the Kansas Jayhawks and I had a great shoulder workout.
Wish my students luck as they take the most important test of the year!
Best quotes of the night: "I think mermaids are really making a comeback" "it was stupid retarded!" "is that a calendar?" (no, it's an LP)
Wow! WWDC in less than a week for download, that's impressive!
Bye bye Berken. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.
yeah :p
Who's going to replace Theresa Rebeck on "Smash"? I vote for the dream team of and Paul Rudnick.
Wish I had sombody to cum ova
For some reason, Barage is a cool word lol
Have you seen data on the 130m? I haven't.
okay true...I guess I'll drink water
this, does not surprise me. Bring me home goofy taffy please!
Watching behind the music
Are you kidding me
Graduating from College on Sunday! :)
YOU'RE INSECURE, DON'T KNOW WHAT FOR?
opaque beverages ftw
cuz he's too awesome
Jst Finished Listenin 2 Take Care.. Drake Killed Doe
Im lookin for a ride or die chick not get high and cry bitch
Alternatively, find a London-based UXer who can pass them on. I'd like a full set, pretty please!
Some gifts are big, others are small. Gifts from the heart are the best gifts of all. -Unknown Author
We're doing a shot every time says "douchebag"
Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil Proverbs 3:7
can't wait either gonna be a great series !!!
well thankya! I just want her to have a good guy! And you seem good for her!(:
you two are something else
Girls Who Smoke Weed And Not Ashamed Are Cool...
Honey, I love you has 8 letters, but so does bullshit.
close you mouth ;)
Going to show myself on russian tv NTV at 8am. Moscow you will see me soon!
Good luck at #Wildflower this weekend and !
This 3 hour time zone difference is rough. Gym at 5 AM...looking 4ward to day 2 of the FTSA (Fantasy Sports Trade Association) Convention!
I know I have had issues with my phone Merr
My legs fell off I think
will the cute glass bottles still be available? They are the perfect size and so adorable to carry around.
coffee date with the stalker today...
My relationship with my girlfriend is so gay
I'd still sleep w/my childhood teddybear if he hadn't fallen apart after 30+ years. Got a teddybunny now.Feel no shame! ;-)
The ankle giveth and the ankle taketh and Kate limpeth
Congrats! It'll be Sunday afternoon for me. RT : Itinerary finally complete for #mlanet12 ! That took a lot out of me...
I love you so, but why I love you? I'll never know!
hehe okay thank you so much lovee< i will NOT stop emailign her...until it happenes.<3 ICONiacz can do ANYTHING Together<3
Hey Tony can Zamir drink you under the table?
At the game???
Chapter 2012 Page 71 of 366 I want my hour back! Maybe I should make the best of the 23 I still have
LOVE! RT : Affirmations are to a child like rain to a seed.... More of it results in growth. 2 much can drown a soul
oh derp haha. I thought it was may. Not march.
yeah that was at my school..the new principal is ridiculous
Yes it ties into monthly mobile Apps series. Also choose app (cooking or other) based on topic/audience.
So its telling that I barely knew any of the artists last year but know almost all of them this year; been hanging out with college students
Ha!!! They are just a truly great band and that was great.
I get mean after 6 beers, sweet after 12, horny after 18, horny again after 24, and very sleepy after 30.
just saw 17 again. "bi itch.....please" Zac ef u moron....
haha will do.
Haha on it! “: get BK back on twitter & livetweet the mayhem I hear you two are about to cause in LA!”
Simon Sikorski MD from NYC. Beating up docs who are not participatory on daily basis :)
HEY DALLAS CHRIS BROWN CONCERT, ARE YOU READY TO PARTY WITH US ON OCTOBER 22ND? Follow for more info/chance to win a ticket
I can't do that. Sorry
Long day at work? Come unwind at #Fridays! It's #DJ Night and Little B will start spinning your favorite hits at 9pm!
Super Cup about to start Real Madrid vs. Barcelo
Superfluous and impertinent, Ned
Blasting gay ass music on the 405
#OWIF: It's cold on this raft. I'll huddle under the fish to keep warm.
do we still have dance on Monday or are we in singing?
Playing with new twitter app
Universally making my way through the multiverse.
not mowing though...
Gonna chill with my friends later. :3
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. - Socrates
Just now waking up from my nap!
DONE Dealing with Mediocrity! From this day forward I will never be taken advantage of again. Giving the Gift of Goodbye to crabs & vampires
If you need something to do follow me! I follow back!
Writing my heart out.
dude!! Are you playing at Snoqualmie right now?!?!????
Hells yeah! Just found out I'll be rollin down to Nashville in 2 days - OVC!
Morning all!
thanks boo! Couldn't have done it without you.
Bart is the real deal...class act
Maybe Siri likes hot spacho anyone ever thought about that?
Just came from lunch!, and the teacher is screaming, I feel like walking out!!!!!
- It's great that you are a small company! You have your very own 3 Tenors! Toi, toi on your upcoming #laughtertearscurtain!
The #Orioles have the best record in Major League Baseball.
insightful thanks
OR GIVE INTO PEER PRESSURE
So..get ready!
If something good can come from bad, the past can rest in peace.
Texting "haha" because you're too lazy to text a smiley face.
Can Rory continue his record breaking pace today?
..supposedly predicted when the major changes in the future would happen in the world. He used a code form the Chinese I Ching.
hell some dogs make more money than either n occasion! I agree w u. But who cares!! MSM find smthin to do
diggin the background!
Just tried to book a ticket for DCA-DFW for Sun-Mon. $1,709.60 for non refundable coach? Really ? Tell me that's not USD.
To my fellow teeps that r sensitive 2 changes n the weather, I propose a toast to sunny days. Hear, hear!
Just tell me its u
#Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
In the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years
Shading the air-conditioning unit can increase its effectiveness by 10 percent
Watching golf and my dad says " I bet had a unibrow when he was younger" #who knows
can I he a follow bac.?
Service Specialists of Dane County posted on their website they installed a furnace 6 days before the explosion. Story soon at madison.com.
FOREVER LOVING AUSTIN MAHONE, JUSTIN BIEBER, ONE DIRECTION BABY <3 all three are huge inspirations to me.
#popularinthe90s pop punk baby
she's ok to look at
Lisa, sent you 2 emails b/c no info abt the event came through - so I don't know where/when/what event this is for
But you liked it ;D
uh its your fault lol
Authentic learning in space inspires STEM learning: cmp=SOC-SHR-TW via
Rick Santorum is the number 2 candidate for the Republican party. Seriously..no punchline. This guy could be the candidate.
RT if you want me to write your name on #TVD4ever list
Brinker's logic seems horribly flawed. Sen. Boxer was right "we weren't born yesterday."
magic time
my a Capella singing :D
You can't possibly get bored on the treadmill when you're watching TV, chatting with friend, listening to your fave jam, or reading!
That is a goal or at least should be.
Just looked through my phone's pictures and suddenly stared missing
Raining for the first time in 2 months. Fall is here. Better get that table saw out of the backyard and close the skylights.
In Hermitage.
Still in the bed thinking what to eat wa Good morning Jesus have a blessed day everyone!.
yes! Looks great! I'll be at the shop tomorrow then gone thurs-sun and back the whole next week
lmfao, now she wants me to apologize to her. Lol, naa.
looks gorgeous on Bly-ray. Just one of those movies that having a 7 month old means I missed! Really enjoying it.
Thanks for the #FF Juliet! <3
wade just mad the heat about to go fishing soon and he knows it lol
Hey 5'5" guy at DFW with the 2 inch heels on your dress shoes: it's not helping, 5'7" isn't much better just embrace it.
Location is everything. The Boathouse deck is amazing -- sunset over the river and downtown. Thanks for the drink
If you believe in God, then why wouldn't He be your best friend?
So much for it being nice outside. Where did that dang sun go?
Let's all keep in mind that this gentleman used to be the budget director for President George W. Bush. BUSH. BUDGET.
thank you!!! :D
RT : High-water mark for DC sports since when? Caps to second round, Nats MLB best, Skins to draft RG3. Natives, speak up!
dude I left already
haha, I though that was a steering wheel.
Forgot to add that she was across the tracks from him; so, he was literally hollerin'
Yes! Your illustrations would be amazing in a children's book! I'd love to do that someday. :)
RIP #ElizabethTaylor I will be watching one of your movies later tonight in your honor
DAMN THE STORE IS MAD PACKEDD. I've nvr seen new yorkers freak out tht bad. I'm from new orleans this aint nothin but a lil rain ;)
is my photo still sideways? Come to Denver and help me fix it!
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
I'm on twitter 95% of the time. It seems like that 5% of the time, decides to do following sprees.. o..
Its a sad day for the 76ers
#cheatersalwayssay. How rockstars cheat. Reverse psycology. ' U have an STD? Who u been fuckin'? Knowing there the 1s who gave it to u.
Of all kitchens I've taken pics in or restaurants I've enjoyed, 's is the most gracious and kind. Excellent meal!
This sun feels great..!!
ha thanks!
#natgas disclosure is taking place on private and public lands...
RT Never got a text from you... Me neither ... LOL
At Champions Barbershop, we'll be rolling with you guys til the very end! Keep going hard, championships are coming!
Packing and prepping to head to Phoenix, 7am flight, ouch! This is going to be a fun episode for the food network, my job is tough on...
Looking for a web marketing consultant in south florida, not a agency. Please message me for more info. Thnks
Ah this nigga got caught spooning with his girl....
Happy New Year world!!! FYI, The Walking Dead on AMC is awesome! Just watched the marathon.
do yall fruit?
Ugh when will roku get mls?
Joker, "No, no, no I kill the Bus Driver."
Dear , Can Youu PLEASE Follow Me ? Sincerely ,An #ICONiac Ps..... PLEASE It Would Really Mean A LOTT !
The new #Xmen movie was pretty good! Go see it.
Ugly On The Skin . Lovely From Within . <U+2665>
Productive day but.... I don't know
See you and cameras tomorrow around 1:30pm I am on the non-stop Alaska Airlines flight from Portland, Oregon! :)
Out with old in with the new:)
You have to assume something really screwed up is going on in Larry Sanders personal life. Guy has become a raging asshole on the court.
Thats never a good sign!
thanks for the RT!
#MobPriv I feel like "my views alone" should become conference default, and ppl should tell us otherwise. Anyone with me on that?
Twice I've almost been hit by cars while in the crosswalk this morning. Twice! The second car had monster truck wheels. Very scary.
and I think it has to be a great experience, much more than just a responsive presentation of content
Potential booking for a neighborhood festival. Hey, we play all kinds of shows, we're not shy.
Yeah, there's at least 30. :)
word on that
how are ya?
RT Anyone know if MILF WRANGLERS 6, volume 2 will make any sense if you didn't see volume 1?
do u like cheeta print alot
Today's magic words are Bellyaching and Zungguzungguguzungguzeng
Hey! We're doing free zine workshops all day today and tomorrow Holiday Fair! What a coincidence!
I'm a dumb bitch
Jim, thanks much, man!
yeah, considering the quality of UX with Convore, i don't put much stock in Grove.
I need to do something! Now that I tweeted it, the symptoms are getting worse.... *coughsniffle*
In tears <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
The squirrel in the ceiling seems to be doing gymnastics above my head. I need to figure out how to give him Xanax.
please follow me!!!!!!!!! it would mean the world to me
Packer party next Saturday? and I's TCD holiday party was moved up to 3:00.
Happy Birthday, Sugar *smooches*
Thanks again #DcTech With your help we were able to buy 24 netbooks for our students! You guys are awesome.
Heading out for Christmas shopping and to find a Christmas tree with my family! Doesn't get better than this :)
Thanks for following us (great profile pic, BTW) ...
Pipe broke. The malls flooding. Happy mothers day! Haha.
IVY: Does the digital humanities contribute to hiring problems, consider it's carbon footprint? These are the negatives that must be faced.
you better <U+2665>
thanks for sharing!
ha, I'll likely be pretty inebriated myself. If you see me though please say hi!!!
Not the best game I've played but whatev, another game tomorrow
Cooking with green teas is so delicious..almost wouldn't think it's good for you.
Houstón has got the smarts
I hate that for ya
and your amazing fans got it trending. #HappyBirthdayMGK <3
We're talking about the new casino opening Monday. Will you go? Will it be an asset to downtown Cleveland?
I usually keep mine on vibrate. ...
Lol RT: ": GR8 women's final 4...each school has won a national title.”
Thankss!(; i like your name to!(;
Chinese takeout wolfed down. Now it's time to record some BOTS magic!
Haha. Oh really now? And when was this?
The Scottish Government provided £200,000 to the Scottish Language Dictionaries this year to publish an updated Concise Scots Dictionary.
Do you think Bahd will be able to fill in #Applebaums shoes?!
Finding the median can work well when looking at teacher salaries.
yes! Wednesday! Tomorrow! Hope to see you there
Being sick <<<<
Not sure I want to watch a tight rope walker walk across our Inner Harbor in Baltimore live on TV and possibly fall- ugh!
#EarthHour is this Saturday, March 26 at 8:30pm, local time. Will you be joining?
omg I literally just teared up remembering that part :c
Trying to get him to wear shades on stage, too... RT The drummer is named Night Dog!? Turn down the cool a little bit PCP!
I love Thomas' popping skills! He is a beast! (:
Your most fav'd tweet is about giving a BJ. That's feminism? Making yourself a sex object? Don't lecture ME about misogyny, little lady.
Heading to Woodburn to join the coverage of the 4-alarm fire at the high school. at 4,5,&6.
The plan is to leave Pro Tools running, because I want to make as many tracks as I can everyday.
Should be a good game! Glad the #PAC10 is representing at the #MauiInvitational this year.
Finally Friday! Looking forward to #WallandWater in tonight! (cc )
#ChiCultural2012 Groups now sharing there breakout session work.
Theyre not beating us in talent theyre beating us in team work
Thanks For The Follow Back :D You're Amazing (:<U+2665>
Last minute Mother's Day card? Drop in at CraftLAB from 1:30 to 3:30 tomorrow to make stamps and a stamped/printed card!...
Went to the gym, ate horrible-for-me food, shopped with Chloe, now it should be bed time. My body aches, but that's probably a good thing.
Smdh... I did NOT hear my alarm dis mornin... Now im late 4 work.... Smh
What fun are good excuses?!
The Adamouski will forever promote the visual individual. spring edition art competition now said to start Feb. 20th
what's up, Dorothy Parker?
Tonight may call for some heavy drinking
That aerobic video has my mind gears spinning.
Any excuse to take an like a #DCfashion-ista to hang with , , , , & !
Be gentle and patient with elderly and arthritic pets during the winter when the cold can affect their joints. Make sure to keep them warm.
Barcelona goal. Only a matter of time after reading many people say "Chelsea holding their own pretty well." That's the death toll.
Hi my name is Harold Miller and I am a out of work taxi cab driver here in San Francisco 415-841-0840 www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
Buzzard again, now im just becoming predictable..
Avila!! love that guy so much!!
I very strongly dislike Bo Ryan. He always looks so surprised and mad.
Video: Is this real life? Is this just custody? Alberta man belts out Bohemian Rhapsody in cop car
me too! It's annoying.
Are people concerned w/ jobs outnumbered by those who are not (bcuz they get handouts)? They don't care if US becomes next Greece.
easy bra, a wins a win.
nice! so lucky
Thank you so much! This is amazing,!<U+2665> (:
how was your day, josh?
D&C also calling it for Doorley over Taylor. Just four districts to go and she's up by 20,000.
would get this last tweet. Hahhaha.
At East Village mayoral debate. This could be interesting.
Clearly you didn't drink enough. Karaoke requires a 12-drink minimum.
Even if I dont go to the final tomorrow I have a B-, so anything I do get is just bonus points...
Hahaha, I don't think there is any possible way for us to make that up to you
yeah! Haha I hope! I just gotta start looking instead of being a bum xD
Can't sleep °-°
Why thank you, and very glad to hear : )
Is it acceptable to say "I hate people who crictize Beyonce"? :)
Many times in ours lives we may be a fool, act a fool, play a fool, or even love a fool but 1 of the worst things we can do is STAY A FOOL!
They are! Hope you were able to swing in for some. If not, we have a few cocoa-dusted ones left...
Thanks Jack - you're the best!
Beginning of a new work week..... How much can I learn?
Will do! RT : Please let me know when is your next charity event. I was informed last minute about today
lmaoo this girl who got a waterproof camera just so she could take pictures of herself in the shower. O___o smhhhhhh who does that
3 hour naps after school >
“ Always people without money claiming money wouldn't change them” wait til they get some
Ha. I dont even have any friends who are girls anymore. Screw this shit. Its fucking ridiculas.
Nice touch - RT : The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA.
Braiding My Hair For School.. Hope It Looks Okay! ;)
What a ridiculous show. No starch? Is this 1954? And that awful girl and her slop actually won? A travesty.
I'm afraid you'll never love me like I love you .
RT RT The most underrated and underappreciated natural resource in the world is the Black woman!
Exactly. My historian and I face significant biblio challenges. I'm just glad I trashed all the CD jewel cases. Little steps.
What a tremendous accomplishment to have written a book! Congratulations!
Yes, UW will rely on defense this year for sure. Offense has been inconsistent. Try to replicate Butler's success
Playign at Silver Star in Alvarado, TX tonight! One of our favorite dancehalls to play. Woo Hooo!
hm? i wonder :/
haha they were lucky to make the first two cups!!!
haha! we appreciate you indulging our humor! :) the race is actually the day b4 on june 25 @ 8am so you can enjoy BOTH equally!
Celebrate the success of others. Bring people up - not down! ~ Barbara Jean
this is your daily ego boost: You're incredible!! <3
just joined #pinterest..... aside from having no clue WTF is going on, there is no category for music?? ....stupid
I hope it pours today. Haven't seen a storm in months.
haha...I guess that's what happens when it tweets from a Facebook post. I should be more aware.
Without a doubt dUKe, although they may end up as a 1 seed.
I can never shave the back of my leg because the hair grows in like five different directions:P
The #Patriots select defensive back Tavon Wilson from Illinois.
What's your favorite movie so far this year?
Jerry, the main bro c:
OMG I CANT WAIT UNTIL I GET MY SHIRT
$500 a rack for 1hr show damn chris brown
come kick it brah! lol at your pic. 1. because is drinking water. 2. because u have your keys clipped to ur beltloop
I was.
i'm down with someone from the Maury show, not Jerry Springer (cc:
I kind of figured that lol
My family is a bunch of douchebags.
Roy for England, I say!
Want to see me do a broadcast COMPLETELY STONED? -- I'm live in 8 minutes on ZenLive.tv
hey I need a favor
Happy Friday!!
#NowPlaying Collage / I'll be loving You
i just wanna reach and conquer my happy place in life that's all..
Apologies to those who got spam from me, my acct was hacked & I was unaware til today! Should be fixed now, please let me know if not.
Depression hurts, cimbalta can help.
RT way to go suck jackets! That's 3 hours of my life ill never get back!
everybody hey i miss ya all
Not everybody lives but everybody dies!
didn't see the broadcast but you're one of the finest in sports broadcasting -- keep it up. A historic day for baseball!
Meet a fabulous group of artists from NY to Texas + follow all RT. Thanks!:)
I cannot thank the family enough, we truly are a family! And we have unbelievable things coming. You won't want to miss this.
To keep milk from going sour - Keep it in the cow.
Hey Tom! Continuing to work on digital schoolhouse a little and messing around with JavaScript and some node.js. You?
dang it I must have been knocked out cuz I dont remember :-(
Looking forward to dinner and drinks tonight!
#wla12 smart panel on the future of libraries. School librarians are also teachers of teachers.
okay :) love you very much!! I hope the internship is treating you well
That hawkins guy is not haughty or aloof -- he loves a crowd, will not disappoint!
If we have pizza again I'm gonna flip
Thanks to for all the great tweets on #wswrc12. I couldn't attend, and you and your fellow tweeps shared the high points.
Kasteel Rouge... Dang.
J'adore! RT I love the Grand Autumn - 2 US rye, 1 , 3/4 lime, ginger beer, and a few drops of Angostura.
yay! Finally you guys are coming back to Indy!!
That we can get together and make beautiful music each doing there best at their individual part.
Just firget the beeping yall too late.
It really does. I've got a cycle, resistance tubes, free weights, 15lb kettlebell.
I need to find me a man who can dance!
delay or play we still booze
A restful, rainy evening. Wifey back tomorrow evening. Can't wait. Bro cooked a wonderful fish dinner.
Looking good for mothers day mass
I wish every day was like this
At #SocialTV Summit, says is first official partner to help brands monetize content.
Thinking about all my venom girls graduating <U+E413>
Good call! See ya there!
I just put all my sweaters away and brought out the sundresses. If it snows tomorrow you can blame me.
The NYC Publishing tour continues tomorrow. This is really happening...
I've gone 5 miles in 30 minutes. Good thing I have !
I'm pretty sure the phrase "centered around" is an oxymoron. Just in case you start to wonder why I'm not using it.
Thats a ducked up
On the road! Headed to Disneyland with the kids!
OK :DD Sorry I have been busy but im going to read your story now
Ordered some green Adidas Samoa for my lil brother...super cute
Congrats to you and Gi! <U+2764> who's gonna be next!?
your amazing <3 i love you, your so sweet and nice , i hope i meet you one day , i will be a fan till the day i die .NSN <3
Why can't the womens team unload a trailer by themselves? Simple: they aren't boatmovers.
pucker up, buttercup... ;-)
good news received, part 4 of 5. one more to go...
I'll get out of Seattle sooner or later and start living my life .
RT : My girl friend hates the amount of time I spend playing fantasy sports.
Happy st. Patrick's Day
Someone get on a plane to vegas & just come visit me.
may need to make a trip to BOS so we can drive up to hill farmstead. It's in the middle of nowhere.
Enjoy your ideas and your wishes because they are the babies of your soul, the plans of your ultimate achievements.
Oh that's why I don't drink like that anymore! Glad I had a reminder before next weekend. I work too hard to abuse my body that bad.
Nothing like the your 1st day off of the week I aint doing shit today but relaxing
My tattoo is coming along pretty sexy ! Keep in the lookout. lol
Got home from school about an hour ago. watching tv and i am really bored...
i miss you so bad, i miss you so bad, i miss you so so bad
So yeah its 's birthday and yeah you should spam her mentions.<3
The only hurdle is money to build to replace our aging library.
Thanks for the follow. My late husband was a drag racer. What is a twitter coach?
I like them proportionately to the order they came out. Funny how that works.
just be prepared to go deaf (x
congrats! When's the due date?
Help GULA rally thursday 8-11am for fight the zero on capitol hill
That's still spoiling her!!
I was gonna send a tweet out to help get u more followers then saw graphic designer... Whaa!?! :)
Thanks for the follow!
What? You are comparing Trayvon Martin's death to abortion? You are off base rt now, using this to draw attention to abortion?
hey lil brother! How r u? Much luv, hugs!!!
You are doing fine Stan, I have been a fan of yours for years, and I am very glad to see movies made out of your comics.
is there a Trance Energy equivalent in North America?
Are you a writer or a brand?
Today is your day to take charge and not be scared of success. Success is your friend; fear is your enemy.
And Wade would like to have those two cents of yours please
“Your relationship with God is more important than anything because you know for sure that's a relationship that will last forever.”
Food looks GREAT! We are in the 100s here now too...Have a great run...hopefully it is pretty cool for you :)
says, "Take small, specific actions towards your bigger purpose." What small step can you take today?
obviously Anna and Bates! How could you not?
Good VP Biden interview with Bob Schieffer now on CBS "Face The Nation." - JDG
What's a hashtag? LOL!! QT : Looking good guys!
In 30 min it's goodbye AT&T & hello A very sad but happy day. start my new job on Monday. Can't wait. C u there
ahh finally all moved in to my new place :)
I get to see you in less than 24 hrs to celebrate beautiful YOU!!! So excited! :D
Wisconsin public library visits per week average 676,000 - more than the entire season attendance at Packer home games of about 566,000!
": I am buggin" we see you!
#FF , , , , . Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
sure.he says thank u
THAT'S IT! RT : Cant help think SMEs have a knack for bringing out the most dreaded L&D SME in us ;)
To all the Knicks fans out there. I am apologizing now for when my MIAMI HEAT destroys you in this series
is it summer yet
The only reason you don't want "it" anymore is because you can't have it...
stfu! I was enjoying my self!
Heading to the lab on this beautiful day#bay area stand up
Thanks for following! Look forward to reading your posts about
new mix coming so soon, cant wait to release it!
Bengals waive former Redskins OG Chris Riley (failed physical).
well I'm down with any of the three.
When boys copy u in a high pitched voice. I never go a day with out that happening..
When someone says, " don't take this the wrong way. " There is a 100% chance your not gonna like what they say.
Love the dress!!!
Im so sleepy. Tossed and turned all night
I Today is working on another novel called "The Well" I have typed 82 pages on it. It is right now in the 9th Chapter. So It is more then
Vendor on the street tried to kick our dog treating it like a soccer ball. These guys sell their mdse pay no taxes then try to kill a dog?
" if it were not for the great variability among individuals, medicine might as well be a science and not an art. " - Sir William ostler
Awesome Chinese celebration today at Hackley school!
Falling asleep... gets a text message... gets iPhone... FB with one eye open... checks Twitter... ok sleep, let's give this another shot...
I know I'm sexy... thanks!
attended Long Beach Heritage awards on tonight with great company and learned a lot about the architecture of the city. fun!
Just got home from the grizz game and just hanging out. Go grizz a nice win.
yes it's where is! Everyone asks that when I mention #Hoboken - I'll have to try it! Cc:
listen to 9-9:30am "My song is better than your song" contest & challenge somerville mayor
Thank you for ur meals that matter program! Saw u on this am - way to make a difference!
Go to parent workshops! Share your knowledge and add tools to your toolbox. Kids don't come w/ manuals but they should!
Just finished presenting my paper on Luke Cage at NCBS. John and Sundiatta rocked their papers. So much good scholarship on comics!
Every day is better than the one before... :-)
My son is the most adorable thang in the world ~!
Are any Adobe users switching to the #CreativeCloud? The subscription price is close to the upgrade cost for CS6 Master Collection
Wishing I had someone to share this PB&J with.
Who's ready for Halloween?? Let's see those costumes!! Looks I'm going as !!!
“: Alarming Stat! has more homers than Pujols!
how r ya
Just watched #jillianmichaels dispense some awesome life advice 10 feet away from me.
Steam bunnin and slurpin all day! Yum!...cant wait :)
Got some free ice cream today and now it's all over my shirt.
Sitting back drinking Green Tea listening to "Humming" by Portishead.
I'll work on that. I also have flashlights.
Damn Detroit! Running really late today, lol! Now back to the real world..had a great time!! You were awesome ! Xoxo
Cooking dinner for the first time since Thursday. I had that many leftovers.
Rainy day. Perfect day to be lazy but instead I'm running errands
Finally going to bed. Happy new year everybody!
#OneThingIDontLike people that brag about everything they get .
Yayyy is announcing how we can be part of their album today!! :)
happy mothers day. I'm happy I found your Twitter. It makes me laugh.
Love that song.
Then a few days later I was back down and it would drop again
I planned out summerfest week! Get excited!
Don't kill the little ones. The jail time is not worth it.
Joey and kiki working today, better get your Halloween stuff before it is all gone....BOO!
Some people just really know how to disappoint..
Ugh #Dodgers tie 3-3 with the
so so! I'm back in NY. How was your bday?
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 1
professionally or personally? Why? Do you think men are being to whiny about this topic?
Soon we will find if #herpes cuts the mustard. RT : Ryan Braun has his say in NYC - but will it make any difference?
Done alot of things i aint so proud of took alot of turns that turned out wrong but i will survie(:
haha yeah i love it too! But what i told you about today was by far the most awkward convo i ever had
You know something is really wrong when you ask a question and get an idk as a response
I know where that line came from.
Is that Bronson Arroyo or Walter Johnson out there tonight?
your the King
Seriously Haunted will seriously be my favorite song ever. My dream still is to sing it live with Taylor!:)
what's more exciting TV than sudden death at the Masters??? go Bubba!!!!!!!!!
My family drives me crazy
that's good... What are your plans for next year
Maybe is for babes
what can you do? At least she didn't flash anyone today.
she supa wrong fa dat she far from wifey
I'm unfollowing people who aren't following me :)
you were so funny! My friend Lauren is sporting you In The Pocket pin.
You working ACL?
Will do! Thank you :-)
if ya want
Glad you could make it! RT : great turnout, food, & guest speaker Mayor Barrett at the annual membership meeting
Happy Halloween!!! Did anyone see the time-lapse video of Googlers carving immense pumpkins in the middle of Googleplex?
Keep it under 7 minutes, Peggy!
even though I'm mad at them and don't think they can handle the Heat, wouldn't be amazing if Indy did beat them!
And don't forget to use your TTU email!!
Everyone pray for me to get this new job I'm interviewing for this week....
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
He writes his plays for the ages~the ages between five and twelve. ~ George Nathan (about George Bernard Shaw)
Lots of breast feeding footage on tonight...
I like it! RT Don't just blog. Be a "founder" of a new idea. Idle thoughts + action bring "founder" status.
I'm here boo :)
hahahha i knew that's what u were thinking....who said u can't be a famous presenter and still love Bluey enough to chase him lol
what's good for lunch today?
Heard on the street today: Loewe's is pulling out of the "25th St. Station" project. That ship is taking on water & listing badly - sink it!
Oh my gosh, I have to tell you about my dream. A couple of weeks ago I had a dream involving a pazookie and Nick Wheeler.
Wishing i had more time in the day to learn after affects and photoshop :(
Taco johns was a bad choice for lunch
via - "4 reasons ppl play games: to compete, to achieve, to socialize, to explore. Could also be 4 purposes of ed?"
Most of the time running club game is the equivelant to being a dancing monkey
You've just given me my new Twitter blurb!
Getting stoked for and the rest of on tonight!
Today is Opening Day for the San Diego Padres. Who's excited?
Wisconsin: June 2nd just opened up for booking! House concert? Venue? Shoot me a message if you're interested in this last minute opening.
Thanks so much. You have a great day as well :)
Are YOU working towards your dreams? Focused on what you WILL accomplish? Preparing yourself to WIN?
Up on the early side..... Work at 8!
sounds fun.. I need to do that soon.
nice, planned on going as well. see you there.
Not a developer, but working on similar questions (maybe) about publishing. Would love to connect.
Such a talented kid that has been devastated by injuries.
Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.~Author Unknown
Off To Colorado!!
Take me to that old familiar place.
love is friendship set on fire
Love it! Makes me MORE excited to go to Auburn this weekend
So funny, aren't they? :)
told ya
Why does everything happen to me! LMAO!
AT&T but my contract has expired. I'm torn...seems pro/cons for both.
Aw if you ever need to talk I'm always here for you!
of course! :)
they're so much fun!! I had to go with the big one tho...as much coffee as possible this morning LoL
Hey Joe
I know! Now my hubs has his iPhone "Police Scanner" app on. Not sure if I want to hear what's going on...
We're open! #GWU come check out ZeBi on the in Ames Hall. Open from 8-630. Time to get
Like a bosh.
Just because your shit got rocked, that doesn't mean you can bash on other people.
About to try ! See what all the buzz is about.
I love this! Wish there was music in downtown 'burgh every day!
today must not be my day I have been messing up all day long
Youll never know until you try . . . . Fuck what a nigga thank lol
lol , my feelings exactly about the Bieber..
bought it ,love it, creating tee designs to it. Thanks for producing a great album. You guys took it up 5000 notches!
Ha ha! I only worked with the dogs!
SOL•SKETCHES™ is HONORED to have ARTWORK included in the BROOKLYN MUSEUM JAZZ TRIBUTE TO THE GURU (GANGSTARR/JAZZMATAZZ) -- If you in NY, l…
never answering your calls again -.- when you need me!
Idgaf pickles are still good to have this late at night.
Happy Valentines Day y'all! Heading Downtown Huntington Beach to Celebrate #SingleAwarenessDay S.A.D! Get at Me!
my day was super productive!!!!
She's adorable tho
Working on a Valentine's Day playlist for Student Services. Any requests?
Jonathan Holloway now giving Leon Forrest keynote lecture about black scholars & memory in the age of black studies.
thank YOU for making us ur destination in Chicago. Come back soon ;-)
I'm in the Poconos :)
Rock you like ya back ain't got no bone wtf
If interested, I'm dickieroc in Dice with Buddies.
Is this s--t real, should i kiss youu? After all the things that we've been through, i gotchuu, yeah, look what you've done for me now <U+2665>.
Off to set to play with vampires today :-)
Major sounds coming out 34th street underground...creepy
The "liberal media" where Tony Perkins gets daily cable news bookings
I just eye fucked the shit outta him
Me & 's Birthday Bash Celebration June 2nd at Club Drake so yall come out and roc wit us with
you think so? Wanna go?
Dam la is hot loving it
Thanks for visiting #Emerge again Keeping us on our toes!
P.s. is cooler than me, but he didn't need to get a new iPad to prove it
Make sure to brush your teeth after all those #ValentinesDay treats and sweets!!
Hope the 2nd half is better. You gotta feel like United will get an equalizer at some point if they learn to attack. Take it to City
What do you say when your MIL says "that's her mode of apparatus?"
I'm calling all girls "grah" for some reason....don't know why, but I like it
Determining legitimacy of authority requires an education of the truth; this is a natural right to all members of mankind
Giving a tutorial on live streaming today - would probably be a good idea to shave beforehand
still cool? R u there? Working? So your thing..
What's your favorite sport?
To succeed in life is just like climbing. You've got to get out on a ledge, take calculated risks and keep on moving until you reach the top
More for the patriotic chocolate lover in your life: Dina's Organic, E Guittard, Gnosis, Gotta Eat Sweets & Payard from across America.
#iwishyouknew about Obama's socialist, America hating friends because all the info is there to see.
That is, without a leash. With a leash, who knows?
Would love to get a pic of us together....
Bet! Startin the summer off right!
Firealarm going off at lincoln park wholefoods...and im sitting in my car on the roof!
Indeed .: "Happy girls are the prettiest"
DID YOU WATCH DRAGONBALL Z GROWING UP I WANT TO KNOW!!!!!
The sky seems small if it is looked at the bottom of the well.
Thanks for the mention!! :-)
I'm in a bittersweet kinda mood .. No clue what's happening just going with it.
Were kids always so wise or is this a special batch we have here?!
have fun!...I'm staying in the boone condo this weekend! It's awesome
Okay, time to get out the car, let's see what going on inside
Found the flash card. Going to put on socks and boots and go take some snow pics.
so far the CMA's red carpet is horrid. Sandra Lee is the only one dressed for the occasion. this is what i'm seeing from getty images.
Hell ya! CU wins baby! Great game
o. Are they ok??
Watching the Lakers play the Mavericks is like watching the final fight in Rocky Balboa.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Who loves you when you need them is your family." ~Troy Dunn
working on a new book with trouble shooting for machine quilters...all the tips that quilter's love
What you doing sexy
do you only play playstation or do you have a 360 too? its hard to explain it would be better to show you.
geez louisiana
Honestly about to just step back and say beg for help.. I want to go back 2 months ago. Things were
Hope u enjoyed ur easter boys and gals! We finally made an instagram! Follow us via SixStorieaTold
PLEASE tell me what I missed then. I think all us #RetakeMassEffect people wish we could find the answers we're clearly not seeing
roots will be closed today in observance of our veterans.
Yep. Super moon = super day.
Woot! RT : That is awesome to have another fan\user at SWA!
When you believe "I can do it," the "how to do it" develops.
ROTFLMAOO! S/O to for saying that HBIC means "Hot beautiful ..ehhh...Intelligent ehhh" WOw
Long time reader/fan. Would like to get your opinion on A.Smith's champ game. Appeared to miss 2 throws, wr's no seperation.
I heard next weekend at Coachella they are bringing Hugh Heffner back from the dead in hologram form to introduce Snoop & Dre to the crowd.
What's going on good people??? I want to thank all my new followers on my twitter...
RT : What about Nelson and Sitton?" - I think they're on the fringe of that status along with Raji. All very good.
Doing a persuasive speech on abolishing the BCS system in college football.
Wednesday night nudie runs to new dorm
oh shoot, do I have to start working from home?
Man in Portland Trailblazers wifebeater singing barry white
#THATCamp Bay Area to be held in SF, Oct 9-10, 2010. Follow for more info, coming soon.
There are certain things I will not admit on the internet.
let me know what you need! Thanks!
I was wondering if everyone was asleep in my house or they just totally left me home alone like always, but I just heard something..
The true test of inner strength is finding both stalls occupied."
True haha. Its a bit big.
Wow, 11 days to get a "resolution" from paypal on a case that the merchant (Apple) resolved the day of. Paypal sucks.
Enjoyed a great lunch at Mom's Siam with :) Thanks Casey
I'm excited for you ! :)
Miss thang , why even have a twitter ? If all your gonna do is bitch about people & YOUR problems . NO ONE CARES.
Hey girlie, i miss you here helping me with scripts!!
wow, that was it, huh? lol. i think their box office return was from one person--glad I know who it is now!
we will write-up a blog post on the #amahouston nonprofit mobile marketing workshop early this week for you!
On twitter twisting up AT THE SAME DAM TIME !
#nowplaying Joey DeFrancesco and Danny Gatton. Forgot the name of this album but what a duo! Favorite.
How do you feel about your companies current hiring process? Good? Bad? Needs improvement?
Had an ok day didn't snap on nobody today now it's time to sleep
i hear u. Lol
My girl is insane.... but it's all right....
*grins* I'm great thanks you?
Sweet seats!
Aww. Nice dogs!
I'm starving :s
Delighted customers are the best sales force. Focus on those you can provide superior value.
“: #FunWestFact I don't really like being light skinned. I love being in the sun and getting golden bronze”<~ SO!
#NP ft. - What It Look Like
i dont want to even hear it my friend
Very well said.
I don't know the rules but sure haha
My apologies for the strange messages. My account was apparently compromised. I believe it is now fixed.
It's going to be a beautiful day...and I've got to spend it in the library.
“When Good Design is Used for Evil”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Anna Eaglin,
who ya got, Lesnar or Reem?
M.I.A
i remember when you asked me, i was so happy i ran up to matthew and tackled him, i told him i so happy my eyes were watering up.
My Twitter Fans: Follow them all!!!
seriously, though. I don't think you can commit long term based on previous performance. Gotta see his 2012.
Had a great workout! and I worked our butts off!
Hey stranger! You going to be at SX? Would love to catch up.
I had such a great time this weekend! <3 even tho you didn't write to me;)
My butt seriously hurts so badly.
going out to dinner with my sister and playing one direction really loud mwahaha
Welcome to Twitter, !
will be dancing with Jane Lynch (Glee) in the opening number of the 2011 Emmy's this Sunday at 5pm PT on Fox!
The voice israel ? :)
is standing on his head
A's still 7 games under .500 apparently the fans don't understand that fact still, good times!!!
Come on, man, I'm counting on you. I'm sure as hell not going to read it.
i want tickets x
I honestly don't know. I was more in a Miles Davis mood at the time
I would have paid just to see RDJ and Loki make out for two hours.
proof society doesnt completely suck! lol
#Movember day one!
What a day at #w2e! Looking forward to #ignitenycx!
You're all lushes.
...perhaps that's your subconsciousness saying "Go to the Chocolate Chisel"
I'm taking time to thinkin i Don't think it's fair for us to turn around and say goodbye
Stevie G & T-Pot put the jinx on the Hornets yesterday:(((( Call them at 3 and give them hell
Thank you Angie. And a Happy Hump Day to you as well.
Here’s to your perfect weapon,
good bye & good night all!! ;-)
Thank you! :)
Yeah, it's a good friday
#S/O TO MY BRO LADYS GO FOLLOW HIM HE'S LIGHT SKIN LOL BT ITS #TEAMDARKSKIN LOL
Nothing is wrong with me ..
about time we got a run on the 2nd worst run defense in the NFl
When you move to DC, you'll have to check out Ray's the Steaks for a good, reasonably priced steak dinner
Did you know ... Wichita State's RPI is 11? What's mid-major about that?
after what i just saw on #Austream i know you're not okay): i just want to hug and tell u "i know you're NOT OKAY."):
I can't wait to see it!! Thanks for having me come out yesterday...as usual it was a pleasure working with you!
SHAVE MY HAIRY PITS
school isn't over. Get to work. You and too big already? That why your never at the gym? Buckets.
MT : Final prep for Friday: #dmap hosts #dhdebates symposium/workshop w
I dont want Kyle.
Aww. Sorry to hear.
Keep it up TeBow
This at least at this point, appears to be good news for Peyton moving forward...also makes the Colts plans for the future muddy..Thoughts??
heard it like a month ago... Shit is an understatement
#nowplaying Oliver tank - "help you breathe"
Thanks to everyone that supported us in our Churro sale!! We sold out!
End of day and fading fast. Need a smack before dinner at 8 due to late night meeting. Great #snack idea: string cheese + dried fruit + nuts
dear alexx i heart u!! bahaha lol i wanna marry harry style ths a random tweet(;
what a nice boy. Yo Queiro taco bell
#oomf mom is sick let me come & take care of her..
The USC Emergency Protocol (a plugin for Blackboard) has officially failed -- launching SpitNMoxy 2.0 -- here's the plan+
Sick and I've got midterms?! I might die.
RIP Steve Jobs
Don't forget to join us tomorrow at 6pm at the Ohio Theatre for Mayor Mike Coleman's 2012 Bicentennial State of the City Address!
Wouldn't surprise me. Felt like textbook example of how NOT to use social media as institution.
#MyBiggestFlaw being so insecure that I let great opportunities pass by.
Still going. My current distance is 3.46 miles. Current song is -
So I am supposed to believe that actor Samuel L Jackson makes organic mushroom risotto, but doesn't know how many ounces are in a cup? Cmon.
Give us a scoop on SUPERMAN/Lois! Will we see them together in the future? What about future Lois with future Clark? Pls ask! :)
And fuck everyone else who happens to loose $20k because they happen to be carrying it in cash? Bullshit.
About to have a good time tonight .. Destorm Album release party. Got DPG in the building and many more to come.
Good night everyone
Wow. Good lord, people. "Rhetorical question." Google it.
'til i got home..
I erected a gold statue of Kevin Youkilis for the sole purpose of having an angry mob of peasants tear it down & drag it along Lombard St.
Front row at Trevor Moore's Whatever Show! :D I want to go again next month for the 3rd time! ^_^ Its so great
Awesome! Thanks for the kind words!
Fantastic webinar with Sean Malarky & Lewis Howes. Thank you for the info on best use of LinkedIn and Twitter.
Oh, btw...I'm hardcore liberal democrat...
Bali here i come!! RT “: Eat, Pray, Love...AGAIN! I'm addicted. How much does this movie make you want to travel?!”
hahahah I love it. The grooses on segways = made my day
Gorgeous! What is it and do you have a good nursery in the area?
Starting to work on our next issue of , The Swimsuit issue. Find it next week, May 23rd.
So predictable. So fucking predictable. See what you did, CJ?
Is it sad that I hope peeps keep tweeting pix of #Seattle bus/SUV mash-up just so I can reminisce about the rain?
you should change your bio .. Like ASAP ..(:
Playing Oberlin tonight w/the Tortoise. Miracle Condition, wow...
I don't wanna grow up I'm a toysRus kid, there's so many things at toysRus that I can play with
Be true to who u r :)
You may get tons of what you want very soon or just go to a higher elevation.
I hate when a girl is so drunk she forgets to tell me about her period. Now it looks I murdered and rapped her in my bed!
UUURRRGGGHH. Facebook is down for "maintenance" .Try back in a few hours?
thanks for the follow man. Keep on keepin' on! XOXO BANK!
I like you and I know you like me but wtf is your problem
lol I just speak my mind :p
Way to steal 's tweet. :(
Now we playin a whole new game.
The weather is icky but it's nice in here! Come on out for happy hour everyday from 4-6 pm with $2 pints of beer and half price appetizers!
sorry for your lose homie! #RIPCLIP-D rest in paradise....
Indeed. And you were a preds fan, so you're a total traitor
Mayors' confab reunites old pals: Obama, Napolitano, Stanton - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Mayors ' confab reunites old pals: Obama, Na
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me. Im too busy loving people who love me :-)
India Won ....Congrt to India
I would like a subscription to the Times just for the daily crossword. You feel me, ?!
The choice to have a great attitude is something nobody or no circumstance can take from you. Zig Ziglar
Cake , cake , cake , cake , cake , cake ,cake , cake , cake
Thank you for stopping in! Did you have the Moriawase as well?
Life ain't nothing but hard work & knowledge
Well I Would Have Done This Earlier But Didnt Get A Chance . So Wll HAPPY BIRTHDAY I Love You Have A Great 18th Birthday!
This explains a lot, Meg.
Omg secret circle I hate fayes mom n diannas dad I wish u the worst they killed Mick n now they should suffer so much they die those mmgs
Awesome! #Magic&Popcorn
EVERYTHING'S UP!! WE'VE BEEN GONE FOR LONG, HOW ARE Y'ALL DOIN'? XD
You don't want to donate to ME? :) No worries, all going to the same place. I may be there if I can convince the boss.
I love you Niall!
she's Skye in the 5th one.
pretty little liars in twenty one days >>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
what about some venison?
Hello world! Just checking in!
Process Server, serving legal documents in the entire community of Sacramento, CA.
you still need the ticket number from Friday?
Type "let it snow" in google..... Cheers and happy holidays
#TurnOff --> “: I didn't text you, Jack Daniels texted you.”
Okie doke, Well I gotta hang out for that 2-2 1/2 hour time! LOL! Cause she is going into Everett to see my aunt, then back
is it some sort of stomp the yard recreation?
Praying that whoever wins the $640m are huge tithers and givers, preferably !!!
Leaving NY:-)))
“: Brunettes listen to music everywhere no matter where they're at. #thehairoscope” they know me so well
RT " My goldfish is either planking or dead."
what is that?
I don't care if it hurts I want to have control I want a perfect body I want a perfect soul
Wow. File that one under
i feel lame cuz i wasnt hip to him earlier
hmm follows him so his tweets gotta be good haha
they are singing the song made famous by Marla Hooch in A League of their Own !!!!!!
just read your article in GIGAOM... great stuff, and I wish you all the best.
thank you.
New personal best in bed for the evening at 812pm. #imago getter
That awkward feeling when the news director points at everyone he wants to stay after the meeting, and you're the odd one out.
FUCKING FINALY. I have my chance <U+2764>
most definitely will stop by! any films you suggest I see?
Wtf is with pajama jeans.... Are they pajamas or jeans? I know I'm late but who would buy those?
Shit...even talking at the speed i'm going, my speech is still gonna run the full 9 minutes I think :O....
There is no thorough education that is not self-education. (1850)
Whoa!! *jumps on that one* Thanks; its prequel is one of my favorite books.
Won't Be Fooled Again by The Who
Happy Tuesday! Going to #Paradise Valley Mall? Come by and visit us!
haha we all played Monopoly as a kid ;) fixed everything on the phone by the way!
I hate when she always say dat fam
Kids are just waking up from their naps. I will try and connect later tonight or tomorrow. Miss you and love you!
:-) random but I think We should have just a chill day lash everything out n all tht.
At my 3rd baseball game this year and a new stadium each time.
Day 2 of the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Ready for another day talking travel and
Bucket bags are back!
Tried that good boy thang but the dope boy turns me on
#OneThingILove being a part of #SteelerNation =]
wow someone that can speak my language Baaah Meeeeah x
I love how my "friends" treat me..
#hicss power back! Woo for having internet!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
Meeting at 12...and then...writing for me!
Have a marvelous week everyone!! More to follow later...
Today is the last day you can "Like" our page before the drawing on Monday! Share with your friends for a chance to win!
Thanks! Hey, I wasn't quite sure what your last tweet was about. A site using a photo w/out proper credit?
DailyHookahTip#110: When poking holes in the foil, poke all the way down through the shisha to allow for better air flow.
I did that on Monday. This is my dusting day!
McPherson: "God knows what he is doing. We have to trust him."
Same old song
No one life is a peachy so bitch cut the act<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>
aye that white powder is the shit Mann
North Korea unveiled what appeared to be a new missile at a military parade in Pyongyang today
kemp is good, but Hamilton has been beyond ridiculous.
Are you not supposed mix adderal and redbull? Need to score an 80% or higher on this practice exam.
Good series caps. It's okay, we still love you<3
That is, perhaps, the best benefit of living alone.
Peter Gabriel @ Summerfest tomorrow! Can't wait!! Love him!!!
Yay for having freezing cold classrooms...! Not.
curious to hear what you've learned. They push online learning pretty hard in my state. They'll even buy you a computer!
My OSU Buckeyes just lost in the Final Four. I have been drinking. Tell me something nice, Jessa.
Farewell 2011, I am free. Welcome streams of sweet dreams that settle over me. <3
I'm glad you guys take the time to check on people instead of chasing. Good job guys!
#FF Businesses in
The books site you made is a.w.e.s.o.m.e ! This'll make textbook shopping so much easier. Thank you!
look how bad they are doing and yes I am watchign the game! LOL
In the city only for a while, here to face the fortune and the bile
Learning what guys do at their bachelor party... Apparently they shove ice down their friends pants..
what about Revenge?
I saw no peace sign. You looked like you were having a miserable time.
Excited for my best friend.. :)
It's Friday... totally missed Thursday. Good morning World! Good googly morning... AHHHHHAHHAHHHHHWWWH.. :)
Not true. They also do the "bring it" face expression.
Start off the #newyear with a New You! Get the white, sparkling smile you've always dreamed of with help from Kravitz Dental
watching the NBA is one way I get to relax, if I am not shooting baskets i'm watching my favourite side - the Heat
play pac-man on google.com today ...impressive javascript goings on here
so jealous!
We says! I'm not sure who came up with it, though.
and which stations are you boycotting?
My dad's birthday gonna be rockin no questions asked.
OMG! That can't be real...no such luck/cake here and I didn't think you'd be open when I was driving into work.
Kevin is lusting for Jeff big time lol
I like Blount so I'm glad Richardson isn't going to TB. Guessing they will go Claiborne now, and then try to trade Talib
Kenny Rogers is a legend but his face is a newborn.
Things to do tonight: drink, write guest blog post, drink, reread novella prior to restarting the draft, drink, tweet, drink, and drink.
I think she's retelling the clean food story at each table.
"i dont like your attitude this morning."
you been beezin'?
Did you like it? Similar premise to The Hunger Games, except gods, not government...
Cant wait for #Padres #OpeningDay tmrw! Come to the #car2go booth in the East Village Block Party for a chance to win up to 60 FREE mins!
6 pack abs aren't about crunches. You can't spot reduce fat. Burn the fat off with a combo of diet, cardio and resistance training
Loved Gorky's. My boyfriend (now husband) & I met there all the time; it was halfway between our homes.
:D Welcome
there are different meanings to the word Growler haha, we're speaking of glass beer Growlers.
Glad this fever has worn off. Ready to get back to work after a week off
tweeting you my thanks for r thicke. thanks so much, tweetheart! mwah!
Who saw the president jog a little bit last night?I think he said "gotta get ready for " I was reading lips I could be wrong
We have some greyhounds and greyhound mixes at the kennel for adoption. They are awesome!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett
Darin - No, they had to return to KC and Colorado.... What sucks is they could have played.... Severe weather never happened...
Oh Hunger Games series, why must you mess with me so?
great to meet you! glad to put an avatar to real person :)
Its my day off and so far i have 3 base idea songs in progress! Come to my house if you want in on this magic!
So I heard that you have secret tattoo...show me it!!!
": Dear Lazy people, 12343228854980. Sincerely, You didn't even read the whole number did you?" = Lol :) guess I'm not lazy!
No response on my last Drupal question. Hm! I guess I'll have to put the hood up! Where's my PHP wrench?
Worst part about falling down the stairs? Choosing which body part gets the ice pack.
omg I missed it!! I started watching it last week lol.
Hi Linda, after defining our voice in social media #sm, we seek out our target audience & make effort to engage with them.
tHOREAU nOT oPEN sO i gOTTA wATCH Mi sISTER
Omg! I made a team to support relay for life! We are having a carwash to raise funds tomarrow!
I recommended SKUL sell for my final MBA project. Stock down 25%, market cap down $180m since.
Thanks for the RT! You ROCK (as always)!
It's almost like teachers need their fill of ruining someone's day to have a fulfilling job.
Thrilled to be singing at "Room In The Inn" this morning. I love visiting our friends there and I feel blessed to have the chance to do it..
Nice to know you're NOT texting while driving ... just TWEETing ;-) ... perhaps they can fit our last 140 on tombstone. :)
Okay, I really need different weekend plans.
Dont you hate when ya cookie becomes suicidal & decides to drown itself at the bottom of ya milk!!
Attending my first prom tonight, the Shevil prom.
yo what is happnin? I'm getting my feet wet in this twitter game. You heading out to get into something groovy tonite.
If you’re looking to refocus & energize your job search, suggests really knowing what you offer & what you want.
We'll "put the water on", see you in a bit! ;)
Hey I miss you that is all
can't wait till #boyfriend !!!
Looking forward to a busy week!
The Lakers backcourt has one of the best players of all time yet it has to be among the worst in the league.
The breath is the doorway to the much sought after, and ever-elusive "zone"
people need to RT this and help me get more followers! :D
Thunderstorm!! I'm in love.
So frustrating to have so many missing files. Won't be editing scene 88 today.
tomorrow SOCCER:))
***love my followers
ABS ABS ABS ABS Stop! Now dig that mothaf@#%n body deeper! Go insanity! Go insanity!
Awww. Thanks, Atom!! You know, requests are always welcome!
America! FUCK YEAH!
lol. Story of my life
Thanks for the RT!
Google Needed License for Java, Sun’s McNealy Testifies
She really bullying a another grown ass woman
How was everyones weekend? See any movies filmed in Pittsburgh? Tell us about it!
Remember when marketing to children meant adding a Z to every product name? It's not like that anymore. Kids these days are all about E's.
Came home to find new book: the #leanstartup Setting aside startup work on and _every other book I'm reading_.
Movie is late to start. Grr.
Steps away from computer >:-/
have a fantastic Friday!
RT The NBC Sunday night game next week is St. Louis at Seattle. Go Rams! Win and get a home game in playoffs, too!
I wish there was a candy delivery service. I really need some study fuel and nothing does the trick quite like Twizzler Pull 'N Peels.
So COOL though! RT : Just emailed Club 33 to ask to go on their waiting list. WTF are you doing, Amy?....
Rene, thank you for doing your part. =)
Deep tourney run again, 7 more till the money...
FOR REAL SINBAD IS IN MY WORK BUILDING DOWNSTAIRS I WANT TO TALK TO HIM WHAT DO I DO IT'S SINBAD HE HAS A BLUETOOTH
I just heard all the 20 somethings say "who?",lol
Mattie Jung. She's my roommate for next year.:)
Thank you 2 everyone who came out 2 the Yom Ha'atzmaut Celebration at the #mke #jcc yesterday! Great time! Recap photos & vids coming soon!
Driving my truck Lucy >
Dam I need something to eat
Welcome Susan!
reading up on how to knit
Lol dis dude just got his ass beat
hey man, is there anyway you can just give me the cash tomorrow at school?
Sleeping for 2 hours is always fun. Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
i could be wrong here but they do trade carbon credits in the u.s.
I don't need to see the Pop Chips commercial to know that white ppl impersonating Indian ppl is the new black ppl impersonating white ppl
has opened our online chatting function for customer service. Please enjoy your time in www.usbphoneworld.com.
i wish they would! the part i don't understand is how they know so much about this operation: no prevention?!
Lots of people do (in fact half the people I left in Massachusetts still think I live in Arizona). But no palm trees here...
Well, my legs are fucked... Great workout this morning!!
You're right: *UN-loaded gun, plus ammo, can be taken into bar. But it's crime to drink til impaired with said gun
After six phone calls and four emails to Comcast within the last 24 hours, I can finally watch Yankee games again.
we are going to Jungle Jim's in a month, starting to get my list together now.
We Go In One Direction !! (;
Please No Snow! Please No Snow! Please No Snow!...
SIU is my favorite show and your so beautiful when you get a chance follow back please i love you
There so little? Wtf...
Can't sorry, i have to go get high lol jk, okay!! at what time?(:
You know what sucks? seeing sweet, nice, caring people get screwed over and seeing rude people get whatever they want.
Congratulations, Jill! That's wonderful news.
#YouKnowYourGhetto If yu eat hamburger meat RAW with saltine crackers.lmao.
thank you very much and you're welcome oh and merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10-, 13- and 7.7-Inch Tablets
u go to sleep
Patricia William's The Rooster's Egg, story excerpt in conclusion
I know and I'm always at Disneyland hahahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
You got married? Congrats! How are things?
As much as I wanna be eighteen I'd still like to be a kid again
you have to consider when you expect players to come off board. Hologram obv expected KW to go before BW.
19 to go!!! Lets race boys!!!
RT : Heart smiled this morn at Newark Tech w/PA announement "Will 9-12th grade girls please go 2 gym & change for #yoga!"
good seeing everyone at the #CHAMPS winedown
i dont just want to meet him i want to know him :)
I will go to any freeway ramp for a compliment. On my way!
This just in! Jerome saves girlfriend from giant spider under fridge.
yeah mondays with , justin bowden, nelson helland, randy, janac, kelby. U still runnin with dorn and wes?
Aw, shucks, thank you.
Gnostic - are you ONE?
you're #beltworthy too!
happy easter girl!!
My daddy askd me why my lips so.white at the bottom. Lmaoo
Are you helping coordinate the full effort in Iowa? If not, is there someone we could contact about cooperating
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!
From his lips to LaFollette's ear. RT : Ran into John Nichols at Barrett party. He sees him winning by 25 points or so
I love you girl! You did an amazing job on #DWTS !! So sad to see you leave!
Someone needs to tell Nicki Minaj she is not Lady Gaga.
I ain't even mad.
Happy Birthday to me. Happy Birthday to me. Happy Birthday dear Danielle Happy birthday to me <3
Private eye tells homeless man of inheritance - Yahoo%21 News http%3A%2F%2Fyhoo.it%2FkougJo
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I make YouTube videos
I can hear the #Occupy Wells Fargo cheers and chants from my 7th floor office on the OPPOSITE side of the building! Wow...
Pocono, Daytona, Brickyard, and the then Busch race at the mile. Had season tickets @ WIR as well.
awww what party she didn't know
I know, right? I don't think anyone noticed.
this conversations getting no where...
just witnessed a very old man seduce a spanish waitress
Need a sampling to get #pcbw started? I will be tonight from 6-8.
Haven't stoved it but my KK has to be in pretty good shape vs JTo on a KTJ rainbow board. Rando Winstar n00b gets T T for teh soulcrush
hope u have a great vacation!!!!
DYK? Rose Parks-"Mother of the Civil Rights Movement" was a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
Awesome, I'm going to try to make it out for #TranssexualsFromSpace too!
Get up! Get up! Get outta here!! Happy 77th Birthday to #Brewers broadcaster Bob Uecker!
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk forever, in my garden.
Thanks for the RT. Let's keep the writing going!
": "look at you, muscles" "it's from all the time in the gym.... I've only been twice." " air me out brit!! Haha
You are exactly where you need to be to reach your goals.
Eric Hovde says America needs more leaders like Ron Johnson and Scott Walker.
Better watch out You keep chasing hoes , You might end up with one.
Missed u guys. Boy has been much too dysregulated and needed my help. It's Sat and that means Mama time! At a resto! With a friend!
Good choice.
Ah yes! Am Tornado Alley baby from Amarillo and bet still have NM dust in my lungs from springtime at TT. Hope to CU soon!
Not retweeting even the truest tweets just because of the person that tweeted them.
i love you as do many others, we appreciate you appreciating us if that makes sense<U+2665>
what's with all the faces?
Hot chick coming over...I better shave.
Follow for all things entertainment!
I'll ht an old man in public
Headed back to church
can you give me a #FollowBack you're such an inspiration!! #muchlove Jas!
tonite at Clowes! Great sampling of Indy's performing arts talent and easy way to contribute to AIDS awareness. Tix avail.
It's all kids, all morning tomorrow at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030! See you there!
I could follow people on Twitter all night long....(cue Lionel)
This year's theme: Crossing Cultures in the South: “into the lovely room full of strangers”
mood swing
Thank you all so much for your support! Working really hard on this next song.
RT On a scale of 1 to Jacked up where are you right now?
Any "Singers" wanna hit the studio wit us tonight ? DM us NOW!
wishh I could makee ( ] feel better! :b
Use retinol at night
Hey! How are you?
Thats what he said.. RT i'm never in control...
Gotta Take This SAT On Saturday ... Wish Me Luck !!! #FingersCrossed <3
The ego holds the past against you ACIM. It's a lie :)
I'm aware, I love you too Big Willy.
Huge Congrats to Sally Fitzgibbons! Ring that bell girl!!!
Mumbai slums have a ratio of 600 people to 1 toilet.
Just watched "Just Go With It". Very cute.
Great article!
I vote awesome! :)
I'm cheering for 15 seed Loyola Maryland because it makes me sort of feel like my undergraduate - Loyola U Chicago - made it.
NOT liking Angelina's dress. The red makes me think of the vile of blood she wore around her neck during her "awkward years".
I bet girl my turn tonight while watching my boi on #PPV boxing thank you sweetie
Had a Blast at today!
Do you have a #Hawaii ID? Call us! $99 Kamaaina rates (based on availability) April & May INCLUSIVE of daily resort service fee. WOW!
The penalty for entering my home w/o consent is death. This is mostly for rodents and bugs, but I have a sword, so it goes for humans too.
Looking for a fat free, high protein snack? Check out Greek yogurt! It's packed!!!
I'm doing really good myself. Wondering why i haven't heard from my buddy in so long.
ill text you in a min , im tryna get some info from gabby .
Makes two of us. But you know what I want more than a puppy? For you to follow me.<3
Long day, finally home. And gonna go to Crown Point to see the Northern Lights. :)
yes in 1946
Alvarado-Ruiz family sharing their story of prematurity & birth defect: Grateful for research & tech that saved their baby
Happy Birthday to our Co-Founder #JamesRoday! Hope you're enjoying the day as much as he is...!
I'm Dana. ^^ And yeah. x.x;; The internet (mostly IM) distracted me from work many a time.
Did Mohamed Sanu get drafted by Cincy for real this time or is it just another prank?
lol yes we are hard working.
MT History is genealogy of human choices, agency & intentionality. Nothing political is “inevitable.”
A1: Email marketing enhances your credibility and can help differentiate your company
enjoy! Yall hv a great day too!
Thank you so much (: share it to your friends!!
You're the best! Thanks for sharing our $1 deal
I don't follow - higher taxes for mistakes I didn't make. And mistakes most of us plebes didn't make either.
Judging from that lie you just passed, you are well known and respected.
im like fucking sweaty is this like a side affect for eating apples!
have fun !!! lol saw your meal on instagram "I am dazzling" but major siked to hear the new album x
What's your preferred way to watch mobile TV?
the plan to call Cameron will be carried out later tonight.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. ~Peter Drucker
don't forget to tell us what your charity pick is! :)
This looks great. Is licensing Isotope the only restriction for for-profit entities?
We miss you too! “: I'm having withdrawals I miss the amazing times there #Imisschicago”
Great video! You're right, that was good for a laugh.
when you want 6 comments on our blog, ask people what they think. When you want 60, give them something to disagree with.
Awww ... What is wrong?
Happy birthday!
Congrats #1 all time assist for
Nice to have you back in town!
How do you create your future?You create your daily habits and they create your future.
Conflicting reports on Ryan Braun's fate, hm. Who do I believe?
// Its going good; got a desk and a bed set up and working on some designs. The new job is going well! How are you?
“ Florida guard Erving Walker arrested for stealing a taco and running from Police.” He should seek out Doug Gottlieb for advise
#AcornElectric is busy making stuff today! Gettin' ready for #CraftyWonderland spring sale May 7! And #SteelPetalPress will be in Portland!
21 Jump Street was hysterical. And James Franco's brother is amazingly hot! Lick!
This dude is killing this song (and not in a good way)
funny just yesterday i was thinking how my kids are the 1st gen to have #socialmedia their entire lives
I hope you have a banana for lunch (for a hammer). Balloons? They're fun too!
whats to break up? Cant break up nttn thats not goin on
Really easy, but that's what I do for a living.
pick up line--Well, tie me to a pig and roll me in the mud! You are mighty purdy for a heavy girl.
How much time to you have? :)
Hi. Please come to the US. Specifically, western New York. Thanks!
Thanks for the follow!! xoxo
Lance Armstrong's camp refutes report on Hincapie.
Your question should be "who ISN'T reading Woman in White?"
I'm sorry but I feel Taylor is changing loads Just my opinion though :,(
This breeze feels so good!
Rain on Mondays makes me want to continue this friendship with my bed.... To bad thats not gonna happen
RIP Heavy D
What a beautiful Pittsburgh day! Mom, dad & I are going for a walk later...can't wait! Check in later for photos of my preschool graduation!
RT : Anybody? RT : Looking for a freelance front-end web dev. Have you got a free week during January?
omg there is porn on every google search i do for peanut butter..are we believing this rehtoric
I said the Warwick FNA Jazzmen I played had a maple body but it was ash (light in weight too)
Just heard my first commercial on 93.7 Jams. "fish & chicken affair" thats what up...
Let's go #Buckeyes!
As always, great to see you at
He Said He Likee Me Cause Im Cool Smart And Got Aah Cute Smile :)
cut them locks.
Just finished looking into the background of the Austin web project - posted links to RFP and scorecard on Facebook OpenAustin site.
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend friends!
How did I not know about ! & many others!
check out my guy
Today's high is 63! Take a walk this afternoon and enjoy lunch with us. We're at the corner of Dearborn and Randolph. See you soon!
good morning how r u
I need to move back east
Boise State strategic plan presenters need to read Tufte's Cognitive Style of PowerPoint. Complex concepts are being conveyed poorly here.
{Have fun you guys!!!!}
you guys are amazing! awesome customer service! thank you!
NOTE TO SELF, when texting pictures home landscaping, don't title the pictures 'my rocks'.. i may have lost a few friends
Great job!
Good for you. Keep moving forward doing what you love. XO
thanks for following :)
24 hours until we hit new orleans.countdown starts now.tic tock
No I'll Go Get My Phone--I'ts Somewhere Around Here Lol =]
RT : Have you downloaded my sister Kalie's song from itunes yet? Just search "Cloud 9"...
Not sayin', just askin'. It wouldn't help or hurt me, because I have no brains to move inside my skull.
Thats the hardest part of the movie for me to watch
I have. It's like "Nevada on steroids."
Bruce Chen is not a good pitcher. These first two innings make me sad.
Finally got to see the on TV in Milwaukee. That's a win!!!
When tells you to say hi to your dog for him :P
I still love you.
Haha remember when commie choked on her lunch because hunter and drew walked by.
true, i take longer but i neve look better.
Sports nation host says patriots are going 16-0 your a joke you clown buffalo has the 2nd/3rd best d-line in the league
Just picked up a date at the grocery store; it was in the produce aisle.
let's do it bezzies!
Writing stuff for school... way fun
get this ugly ass bumps and it looks like herpes? Lol well let's not get too into that but he was asking me what that was
*racks up points*
Preparing for Chekhov role: trying to get inside head of a fatally-ill, disowned daughter, unloved wife. Playing tragic figures: exhausting.
102.7? What are they playing?
": "There is no greater force for good in the nation than Christian conscience in action," Mitt Romney" Pathetic.
Hey there bro! Welcome to pre-summer!
following people back! if I have gotten to you yet, I'll probably follow you tomorrow. Goodnight :)
Thanks for the recommendation, appreciate it
:( talk to u later cause u getting mad
Yo Orange County! Make sure you go out and VOTE AGAINST MORE CORPORATE WELFARE on the ballot TODAY!
"Daferring on red hair moots the ramdelgerag! Cays hast ner eyed the entire lash from the libre, does get sidlelassinlunahack?
What are your big plans for Superbowl?
I am cringing so much at episode 10 of Firefly!! ah D:
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
In all seriousness debt forgiveness and reasonable logic in terms of assessing cost must prevail to keep the doors open
Come out tonight to welcome Greg Voelker back to the bar and jam out to the musical selections of DJ
Excellent choice! :-)
Good 8D u?
Spoiler Alert: #JordisUnga was eliminated. Unga: "I'm sad but I understand. I'm proud of what I've done here."
Lmfao I know!! And that old lady and kid are creepy as shit!
Olga Kay gave me a 10,000 calorie coffee and a 20,000 calorie chocolate croissant today. Am jogging in place as I Tweet this.
Spring 2012: Life threw me a curve ball. Hard and fast. Summer 2012? And Fall? TBD.
Taco Bell, you have been missed.
NEW YUMMY POTENT EDIBLES IN: MELT IN YOUR MIND - Cheesecake, Chocolate Mud Pie, Baklava, Chocolate Mint Bar! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com ;)
Sure thing!
I don't like the societal rule of cutting people who mean something to you out of your life entirely, just because "circumstances" change
Sleepy. So... sleepy. ... So... tired of muthafuckin' take home essays.
WIN FREE BOOKS - Follow and Re-Tweet this to be in weekly random drawing
Nothing more unattractive, less appealing than a woman who consistently curses.
I'm a teenager , who made mistakes but so has everyone & we don't call you out for all yours so why call mine out ?
Mexico's relentless attacking was too much for US tonight.
Still can't get the EMERGENCY PROTOCOL to function on my iPhone 4.
Just you. :-) But I think I either didn't hear your name right or wasn't letting all the appropriate brain sparks connect.
whats wrong with precious
Out working with clients in fort Wayne Indiana. Excited to show some new folks
Thanks for the great workshop at ACS on Friday! I learned a ton and you inspired the hell out of me! #TheNewKind looks great!
Follow me back <3
Worst job of my freaking life. Holy crap.
Omg, this is making me laugh. Hurry up & finish so i won't miss nothing while I'm at work lol
For a hundred that can bear adversity there is hardly one that can bear prosperity.
Adometry definitely doesn't consider BlueKai to be malware. We’re exploring the root cause of the misclassification & will update all soon
I hate when autocorrect pluralizes something and changes the meaning... Then or gets RT'd. Ted Kaczynski was misunderstood...
and having so much to say... and watching you walk away
has given me my dose of inspiration for the day. Oh, I love her so.
I have actually witnessed this (no, I'm not joking). I guess it depends on what drugs you're on.
Picked up the new album last week. Sounds great!
Wish i had the slitest clue how my phone cracked
Yes! Come on back to Baltimore, we need you!
Hot spots in
Can't find better people than this.
also has fun leap day specials with a chance to win some Admirals tics during Happy Hour!
I'm Smiling Because I Know Where His HEART IS..
Awh :( You don't to get to see me and Josh be all cute and couple-ish ;D
I always say one day a signed Artist is going to redo one of my songs and make it a hit. It can happen just keep writing....
"Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on, That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong"
RT : Good luck to the NTC basketball teams as they attempt to defend their title at the #2012AIHEC bball tourney
Everything is good getting ready the ESBC on March 24th outstanding roster.
Me: "Will you marry me?" Austin: "What?" Me: "What'd I say?" Austin: "Will you marry me?" Me: "OMFG OMFG YES YES YES!"
State Rep. Joe Parisi says he can't get his constituents into Capitol. Takes food in to protesters.
will do “: Let me know where you end up for lunch. Maybe we'll stop by.”
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3°¤°
Thanksgiving program at TCS was outstanding. Happy Thanksgiving all!
thanks andy!
lol by the way you suck at texting
Chone Figgins and Ichiro go deep in the first inning. Who says the Mariners don't have power hitters?
I like hopeful people. And, like in Harry Potter, if you say my name enough the almighty will acknowledge.
#truelife I'm in LOVE with <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
The Media History Exchange will be a source for those who could not attend today to look to see what material was discussed. More info later
you look so different with out braces :)
#lighttheweed n take off!
teaching one's mom to text is adorably frustrating.
i just wanted to say whats up. I'm not even going to say anything about the buckeyes losing to purdue even they did.
It's almost time to ring in a Happy New Year so enjoy the last of 2011. Remember 2011 and be ready to take on 2012!
So much to say about this photo.....I'll just let it be.
Bubble Lounge was fire last night! thanks to all the homies that came by! On the plane now...bout to rock Anchorage, Alaska with
i agree. i have been on a lot of boards and this has been the worst. news comes out about merger and he still bashes.
We come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
yeaahhh! 7 people RTed one of my tweets. I feel clever
I feel lost without my partner in crime
And for those us us that don't play, it's just enough! RT : RT : JUST IN: #MegaMillions reaches $640 million
hahahah why am I just now seeing this? :)
In muncie outside with a white russian and dub. Great day out.
Are you sure that's how you spell it? Okay...."Cooties" it is, you oughta know ;)
hello there
thank you for all the social media love : )
will do!
Just heard from James White of the MD Port Administration.
aww :) well I had a party at school today it was jammin
Given the chance, I would have hugged Derrick Bell, too.
I swear I get so psyched to see random chicks pop up in my tweets just for the sake they might be submitting to
Give him strength to get out of this situation.
...hopefully they won't. :0)
macys making me cookies :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I've been to Roch, Minn, Buffalo and Milw...that is flat out irritating those cities are not irritating!
“: The Internet is so good at disproving things I only wondered were true because of the Internet.”
#startup - "Reinventing the tour guide". Meet at Life 3.0 May 31
Why-o-why-o-why-o did discontinue their store brand Special K cereal? It was better than the brand name stuff!
I love you.
Let's play the blame game
I used to give a fuck. Now I give a fuck less.
Whoa! Haven't tweeted in a while. Happy Saturday people! And of course, a shout to the lovely -- :)
We are very proud to have been nominated for 19 #Emmy Awards. From Mr. Mayor to Toni On, check out list at NYC.gov/Media.
"You took a cockahroach and turned it into a butterfly."
oh ya i dm'd him too
Someone should buy me an elephant ^-^
James Dean was killed in a car accident on this day in 1955.
meeting with bahn mis and listening to wonderful rainbow on the train
Hi! Are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help!
Ima be on top weather I perform or not AWHH lol
When do you guys start tonight? I don't want to miss your bit.
Sharapova reaches her fourth Sony Ericsson final
i have no food i wanted ceral but the milk is expired and so is the bread A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Happy to see the sun shinning... finally....
Makes sense if you don't think about it
Only shit like this happens to me.
Are you more interested in being the #star of the team or a team player of a #championship squad?
Shoot later today!! Live each day to the fullest!! :)
hahaha! Love it!
#Casino dealers do truly mean well but, man, so many of them give players horrible advice!
Q: Are there any programs that you can talk about that we'll be seeing in upcoming seasons?
. guess I can rest easy tonight
but did you check out that Handahan bobble head? WOW!
My R.O.D Took Care Of Business!!
Made it to Melbourne! Got my boarding pass next to Bradley Cooper and shared a plane with Bon Iver. My feet hurt. Fin.
oh, man....sorry for that--yuk!
OMG. You are great guy? And.. belieber too? hhe.
just finshed hiting them books time to hit them sheets fly or die <CAKE RESIDUE>
Presentation done!!!
If she is performing and I will need to get a ticket to #bonnaroo and our own RV.
let me know if you're looking for testers!
David Guetta is my hero.
no worries! Is really fun! I have class tomorrow.
Eenie meenie miny moe, caught u cheating with tht hoe. U tried lying to my face, think again, u've just been replace xD
El Cajon city council to consider outdoor vending machines such as Red Box in the city... only three citizens here for the public hearing!
“: Im the first with the BSHU Torrey Smith tattoo though!!!!” We're not giving those away!!
Hey you coming to Crank Up The Cause on Thursday? says it won't be the same w/o you.
I find that people are overwhelmed and even with encouragement, don't seek out info on their own. They want it delivered.
I got this one teacher trying to make our regular quiz 60 questions long
At #tff Mr. B slams the DoE for not allowing his chorus to sing for the #president of the united states.
wanna snugg :D
The nicest thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. - Ken Olsen
Are you Rachel Maddow's little retarded sister?
bacon and pergoies for breakfast ? bout it bout it
RT : Finally the first baseball practice //AWESOME!!! Have a blast!
REALLY!? That's an illusion lol. I like it because it's creepy but they are pretty witty too. Oh, and I really want his car!
Finally got that mOjito ;-)
done deal. Tell Moms hello for me!
which phone?
Raise the Roof, national rebuilding day this Saturday, April 28th. Who's in?
Big series win for the Orioles. Roughed up James Shields in a losing effort today..impressive
At leastt we still won!!!!! Now lets do it again!!!!!
Its hot!! Water fight!
:) thank you!
zillow (also awesome app for smartphone)
- how do I get someone to pay me to tweet? I promise I'll mind my p's and q's... :-)
Getting ready while Maddy's napping. Today should be fun! :)
where do I go to apply to be a "test dummy"!! Lol
Success is getting what you want, and happiness wants what you get.
West Virginia this weekend ! Can't wait : )
congrats! I want to try one of these days.
But the initiative to stop bullying has been effective - if properly done- but it will never truly go away.
God has already made the way for you!!
#Imagine You:''What's your biggest dream?'' Harry:"Marry the girl I love with my life, heart & soul.'' You:''Who?'' Harry:"You! Who else?''
I KEEP MISSING you at equinox. I swear... sounds like Ojai was amazing! Hugs.
I haven't been able to get onto tumblr, I'm really sorry but its just not working whenever I try load it, I might be missing a
- Thanks for the !!
Last chance to sign up for classes for this coming session. Classes start next week! Space in Aerial Basics!! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
The awkward moment when you watch Bridesmaids with your mom and the first scene is a sex scene.....
Also, thanks for all the feedback! The response has been overwhelming. Glad to have so many passionate fans & customers. We're very lucky.
I do, u just don't understand how I could understand
“: My favorite time to watch tv is when I'm listening to music. Suckit.” agreed!!
Ok i will
I got released to free agency they have nothing to worry about lol
Fuck I hate loud people
ATTENTION WORLD: COME TO SAINTS AND SINNERS TONIGHT AND CELEBRATE THE ANNIVERSARY OF MY CREATION!
Think you are in safe territory and then - BAM! - image of enslaved man tied to tree, being whipped.
Never discourage anyone... who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. Plato
i love eminem (((:
"I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve." 2 Games in LA.
There's no one on the beach but us, and this family that sat 2 yards away from us. If we get up and move, we'll look like assholes.
Whether you agree with his personal life or not, I've always thought #Kobe gets it done. Appreciate that toughness.
1.1 million plastic bags wasted yearly in the US. Try reusable grocery bags to help save our planet.
follow me ?)
What is the cutting edge price?
“Danger of hardening your heart is that you cannot hear His voice anymore. God doesn't speak to your ear, He speaks to your heart." -Cymbala
Chris Paul is a Clipper. Maybe they'll actually sell out games now.
Boarding plane to Havana. Will be back Saturday..Cheers.
the bottom of my feet hurts aha
Winners of 2011-12 Maryland Black-Eyed Susan announced this evening. I went to the ceremony!
yeah for sure me too ill get on that right now
I'm so proud of u rolanda! I know your gonna be a great mamma! :)
It sure has! Awesome speakers and great insights at this year's #sdsms. Already can't wait till next year!
gonna have to make up for that tomm night lol
I did! Thank you!!
MY Jew!
oh thanks, thanks, lol :)
Getting ready to have fun
Happy Birthday ! Have an awesome day!
#FireDanODowd needs to be trending 24/7 in Denver if we are ever going to have a winning club.
RT Stop the cynically-named JOBS Act
Going to pick up my ticket for today game jets vs Miami
Are you a very jealous and insecure person? What's up with the hate?
Don't give up, it will get better.
Still working on it bruh... Been swamped all week with sessions. Gotcha as soon as I'm finished with it!
thanks Matt! Appreciate it :)
um excuse me...who you talking to?
I must say, the short films in House&Home at are kind of a parody of themselves. Like "Dwell" animated.
there was a place selling die-cut leather a few years ago. Maybe check eBay?
haha, my mom semi knows how to work it, but if my dad got on it, he would be hollering for me to come & help him
The Man of Steel will welcome travelers of the caped and non-caped variety to the Cleveland Hopkins International Airport...
Had Her Hittin' Them High Notes With No AutoTune !!
good glad to hear. Keep workin hard.
thats the point, duh. come see me so we can lay in bed and watch Roseanne reruns! Any TamTam advice on a sinus headache?
Hopefully the #Brewers just blow them out and we can all get to bed at a reasonable time this week.
are you playing artomatic? We can't wait to rock it out with you in a few weeks. I'm loving the songs on myspace.
When buying a home there will be other expenses to consider, like what tools will be needed to maintain your lawn
#3WordsForYou Hop off bitch
Why I stopped making videos: jk Im starting again next week
Bliss blog » Blog Archive » Schwinn tourist hybrid bike specs - schwinn tourist hybrid bike
RT: : Fuck a New Years Kiss , I rather have a New Years Drink ! (;
Dear Python: How do you make programming so easy and so much fun? I think I love you. Do you love me, too? Y/N (circle one) Love, Rob
Yes it is obvious Have fun
At the #americanmusicawards press conference
Is it Friday? Is this April? Is it 2012?
lookin forward to having u in the big apple for 8 crazy nights!! :)
What a sweet picture!
wu tang is still where it's at. I can't stand the new shit.
#whosgonnalose - Oakland at Denver - Oakland will lose
hi. i'm here, i'm excited.
Me too! RT: The ladies supporting are so amazing. Honored to stand with such a fantastic group of Wisconsin women.
me too.
Love these Cub Scout free for alls. It's like Lord of the Flies in the church social hall.
...they pass it around the perimeter for the first minute EVERY time! They hardly ever force the PK to collapse! SHOOT IT!
I have a computer, a vibrator, & pizza delivery. Why should I leave the house?
Here's to another perfect day in Southern California
Thanks for the reply! It worked today, so all it good.
Thanks for making up my mind. I'll do it tomorrow. Won't be home until 6 or so. Guessing the rain will be here by then.
...and a wheel is put back on
Finally, the sun has made an appearance in
Watching I love baseball so much <3
Ian's in Canada, Mo's in Vegas, Joseph and Evan in Brooklyn. The Angel's Share is out in the wild. Give it some lovey dove.
Just met with one of our wonderful pop up shop owners. We can't wait to help her open her shop doors on May 18th!
Haven a good day with the family
can we please hang out when everyone comes back home?!
I wish I could sing so I could upload a video on Facebook like all my friends of me singing but I sound like a dying horse. Lmfao ugh
ALMS: Extreme Speed Motorsports Mid-Ohio Race Report: The sun shone brightly over the black and green muscle machines of the 01 and 0...
I just finished a 6.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Follow me at
I mean do you tip your barber after he finishes cutting your hair?
Please pray for the Chavez family who have lost a loved one on yesterday to senseless gang violence in Chicago...
was #SGU's last episode this Monday? Or are there more to come for the next few days ahead?
There is an open house & bake sale at tomorrow noon-4; no calories when it benefits charity! Cheat w/o guilt!
Happy Halloween everybody!!!!!
No exciting photos today, but I did take a nap in the sun on my porch only to be woken up by a deer walking by. Spring weather=bright mood
I'm beyond livid...this is no laughing matter
Your #Express tote in this week's Finds of the Week is a hit! We've had people ask for a link to buy. Can you help?
's following ME? :o thank you! (:
thx. Wow she was leading 4-1 and still lost that set - (not good)
I just think it looks unprofessional.
Just tried to teach my dog how to howl
OMG, I get to go into Mommy's work!!!!!!
Is Michigan State playing Michigan U tonight at the Joe Louis Arena?
glad to have you with us :)
Figured out that I now go up and down seven flights of stairs 4x/week in addition to walking with my normal #commute. Not joining a
Check your inbox silly! We think you'll be pleasantly surprised!
Stupid Scumbags! I had a brother who died from Down Syndrome, I hope the Lord punishes you BOTH!!!
Thanks for getting the word out about all this,
Fucking idiot lineman son was way offsides
omg see I knew it I'm so smart. Lol jk.
And thank you for helping us track it down! Enjoy Sundance! /cc
There once was a girl from Nantucket...oh yeah...FCC rules.
I should go fly a kite with this crazy wind.XD
Flacco F's up every year when he plays the steelers
what a great asset to have in a small community.
I have given up my Cathar beliefs.
"upgrades"… more like "ugh-grades"… good things coming soon though…
Monticello is so beautiful...
drop the 'E' on Xcel.
Its Rick Santorum's Birthday Thursday! For your Birthday this year the President got you Gay Marriage!
Depends how old the Mini Van is and I guess how long the guy has been living in his mom's basement.
Somebody txt me! I'm wide awake and bored.
omg! Nice LMAO!
Much deserved! Thank you for the mention!
my phone died hours ago and I just got home, text you in the am cuz, awesome day!
so happy for you old friend that you have found your ever after. Love you and to pieces. Happy Wedding Day!
Hello Brother! Lately, my arms have been fatigued from hand sanding a houseful of doors; up & down stairs a lot also
It's hard to have faith in the goodness of the American people, then I remember that I am good, which means there are others who are too. <U+2665>
Are you looking to donate? I know of a pantry that desperately needs food!
oh sorry I will repost it
#WhatAWomanNeeds is a real nigga that want just more than sex
OMG I just had tthe craziest dream dude :-)
infeild at a rams vs colts fottball game
Google drive: similar to Dropbox but not as good yet. #CRSweb”
Honored and humbled!
I bet you'll never guess what just happened in the blazers game with 30 seconds left at a tie score. NEVER guess.
Pretty nice sounding car stereo from his tricked out car, lmao! That was too funny and kinda sad lol!
If you know you bad, don't need no man, got your own brands put up yo hands, IF YOU A TOP KNOTCH BITCH, Lemme hear ya holler! ;)
I'll come get that #BradleySpecial on saturday bro. Lol
I don't go nuts for Untappd badges. The app benefits me in terms of letting readers know what I'm drinking and my thoughts on a
Heartburn...doritos...farting when I laugh...looking for cupcakes...personal piggy Sunday...
You are classless but predictable in your snarky comments about Brietbart. Thank you for keeping the bar of civility low
I do not have ADHD - I have advanced multitasking skills!!
RT : LIKE TO SEE ME....i would love to see you. You are a beautiful spirit with a beautiful voice.
Live footage of Maradona's reactions to action on the field during big games = almost as entertaining as the actual game
Solid Red Oak #2 common hardwood flooring with Installation and Finish $4.00/SF Everything Included!!! No Gimmicks! Just low prices on qu
Finally getting to check out live. The earnestness of their rocking Is so awesome! Don't trust anyone over 30.
Well California, it's been real.
Thanks for the mention.
Top Shelf Whiskey Taste is tonight at Samba! Come out and taste some great (expensive) whiskeys!!
Shut up and just kiss me already<3 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I do wonder how many Universities with a known connection to slavery hide it just to avoid talking about it?
idt he wants me :(
Man do ya'll realize that in a few years there going to have concrets that people will pay to see of dead artist...smh
Might explain their stock price...
RT : To the rejected, despised, overlooked, scared, unwanted - WE are your friends, your advocates, your defense. WE are
My new bright yellow skinny jeans will be my sunshine this morning. Yup. Yellow, Day 2. I don't even know me anymore! :)
When I listening this song.....
To be on the safe side, I recommend that you install windows 8 on a virtual machine.
Fuckk his show is this weekend andd i dong think im going
And you love every one!
what the heck do you need to wait for he has won 15 straight games. With a super bowl in there
Can't wait to hear about it. Let's make a time to chat in Atlanta.
Hot pink ;) : To enter: What color is the Too Too scented polish? Include #BetseyWeek in your reply & answer within one hour.
awww ask see what they say worst they can say is "OH NO HOW DARE YOU OFF TO BED YOU FILTHY CHILD" whats the harm x]
LOL! They ran out of Hienies hot sauce -- people went #apeshit!
sure am :)
someone out there doesn't like us too much.
The Knicks are looking like shit right now if they lose everybody knows that's it for them in the playoffs
Surprise fireside with the creator of Instagram, coming up!
Call today to find out how we can find you the perfect position.
Just talking to you puts me in a way better mood!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Mr. Ryan, are u furry because ur egyptian?
Yeah Holla At Me At N Ill Send U The Price List!
watching the Titanic. Rose & Jack :)
smoke a bowl
At little brother's lacrosse game, parents should not be allowed to yell anything at HS sports games
that reminds me. Haha. I got asked..text me
I believe a congrats is in order? You're a
There should be a rule that whenever a Bush endorses anyone for President, a siren would sound and they would get a pie in the face.
Happy Thanksgiving.Enjoy time with family and friends.Love you all.
Hoes On My Dick Cuz I Look Like Justin Bieber
Art is great for the heart and soul!
BHS Spring Festival, presented by the Drama Dept. 7pm at Bellingham High School. $5 at the door.,
how many shows do u in a day
RT : Today Show features Lexington as 6th best place to raise a family out of the top 100 cities (Childrens' Health Magazine)
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary. #Truth Vince Lombardi
Uh lemme get uh Turkey sandwich Uh lettuce tomato.....bitch!
I am coming to see you on May 21st. Or 20th. Which? You'll know by the trachten lingerie scattered over The Husbands.
there was a game when I was a school kid that involved conversing without using one specific letter
Lol, jk. I would never do cocaine. I'm not into that.
I figured you were still asleep or at guitars those are pretty good options these days
Come join for some line distance lessons at on Murfreesboro starting at 6pm tonight!
Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa… Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa… Love Papageno.
goodnight everyone! :) xx
Whats the difference between a tornado and a redneck divorce? Nothing, either way someones losing their trailer :D
RT : Damn son .. Mayweather's nose is leaking .
Take advantage of the free stuff given to you.
Dont u hate it when someone calls ur inspirations/idols stupid? I hate it
you got this!
Too much smog in the air LA
what's neww??:D:D
hey waht was the messaqe you send me about ? lol
Get low in ya squat and swang ya arms~
It's mothers day!!! Thanks to my somewhat not really stage mom who I love till I can't have emotions anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764> happy mothers day mom!
TEDxCLE @ Cleveland Museum of Art
Hate guys that are picky as a mothafucka, can't fuck with that <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I just got sanctified on y'all.
Thoughts to self, bus edition: She is *really* good at tail-whipping. She's whippin with conVICtion! (Lady in front of me with ponytail.)
January is the EPA's National Radon Action Month. Raleigh Radon is offering a New Year promotion: $115 for all tests through Jan. 31st!
Never going back to my docs.. They don't help me .
Like the makeup of the image rights panel. Since I work at a museum I'm really looking forward to this.
about to go on a 2 week fitness spree, cause i wanna look good for the summer.
the first to forgive IS the bravest- with or without an appology
How is your prediction of #Montana over sitting now?
#sdmayornp Dumanis wants transport and housing handled together. Filner attacks Marriott deciding TOT: special interest multinational.
trailing by 1 in 8th! #letsGoOs Rally caps fans!!!
LOL. That's what I do... but I continue to buy books for the reader I want to be.
I haven't noticed any heat issue, but I'll remember to keep that in mind, now. Is it actually not a big deal, then?
: RT sunsetstrip317 is the place to be this weekend Indy!! VIP upstairs!!!!
People make mistakes in daily life. Anything you want in life or join, it takes practice. Don't ever quit or you will quit everything else.
Pretty pumped to play at home this Friday night. Not very often I get to do an all ages show, especially with my seniors graduating so soon
Be smarter. Be cooler. Mist it.
Michael Spiller looks like Jon Hamm!
Our favorite bromance is complete again! Welcome back :')
Sir, yes, sir!
How's the Cetera treating you? RT : Dear , stop with the Adele already. Please, just stop.
They are pretty legit... I must say
what up shorty
need to figure out how to combine the events. Lego macs ftw!
it's all good! Got to pay the bills ;)
No instructions for product usage included with my #gossipgirl #birchbox... What's up with that?
its whatevs... shitll buff!! Have fun:)
Classic cars on the Circle! YES!
European players grow the interest in MLS; younger DP's grow the quality. Thinking interest is 1st priority now.
About to start cutting some people off, I have too many "friends" right now.
that's funny; my driver in seattle today was totally excited to square me too
Pack dominate Chicago. Yep, Jesus enjoyed his birthday!!!!!
A week from today i will be in chicago for a few days!
I've never been this excited to get an email from Amazon lol... my replacement camera is on its way!! :D
Hey guys. There is a train now from Downtown L.A. to the Westside. That means more bars to hop. Ride free this weekend.
I still DIE at Jennifer Saunders' cameo in SPICE WORLD
I think I'm pregnant. Everywhere I go smells like shit.
Yes, the Eyebrow Bar at Chandler Mall RT did you have an eyebrow threader in AZ?
I thought first period was super long <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Hilariousness is about to begin. RT : ...Barmes. For the first time in his major league career.
just hit the a wall! only got 2 hours of sleep.
hahah I love you.
Austin Rivers... Wow.
"How do we become relevant to the legislature?" learning to become effective advocates at
was it called Ladmo and Wallace?
On one hand I feel sorry for poor people,but on the other I know some that are just plain lazy,and want everything handed to them. UNRAVEL
What's the name of the article Damien?
for real man. So ready. Looks like June
Of course they are. Ain't like they've got anything else to do!
Man... I try to hold shit back and in the end I'm the one always alone in the dark.
Oh wait tomorrow is Friday: Jesus, my brain is fried!
Okay,so I am REALLY liking Joel Kinnaman in this black hoodie.
look at the tv and kameron blow gives up a grand slam.. cool
I had steak tonight.
so your girlfriend is from Florida you say?
Thanks for the #FF! :)
Midweek momentum. Every step is progress that brings it closer & closer. And I like how that feels....a lot!
My problem with Smurfs has always been that it sounds too much like smurbs. Which is a made-up word that only exists in my head. But still.
Doug Dawkins, great to have you on board!
Action items before REConnect: Get Canada, NZ and full international support and the ability to list rental properties.
This math test was excruciating :'(
RT Destiny is not a matter of change, it's a matter of choice; it's not to be waited for, it's to be achieved. - W.J. Bryan
Dont care if its so last year but i need to be a firey red head again! Need to get my mojo back :P
Wish I was having Spicy Dr. Pepper shredded pork! RT : Time to make dinner...what's everyone else having?
I can only assume this is a late April Fool's joke........
he wouldnt know wat 2 do with you, stay wit the brothers
What's the best non-fiction book you've read recently? Looking for something to read next after 5 books of Game of Thrones.
There now, steady, love, so few come and don’t go, will you, won’t you, be the one I always know.
we hangin out the window its bouta be a suge knight
Preferably a Fitness 24 or a church basketball court
Totally sucked into True Blood... Kristin Bauer sent me the first three seasons a couple weeks ago and I'm almost done with them...
BTW, I have witnesses (coworkers) who saw me jogging just in case you want evidence of my West Coast training.
You really can change, your reality is based on the way you think. Oprah
i need some sleep that doesnt involve me getting up for school
Watching The Breakfast Club with my love:) waiting for my sister to get home
I'm really disappointed in you Horrible list. Where is A$AP, Schoolboy Q, Chip tha Rip, 2Chainz? You have gotta be kidding me.
Today's National Teacher Day! If you can write your name, #thankateacher. If you followed your dreams, #thankateacher!
I saw some on ebay you can bid on that matches your description.
No, I don't think it's a funny joke to turn up the heat in the hot yoga room.
RT i be a super cuddle type of nigga in the mornings haha that shit funny to me ...
We will be open Christmas Eve - 9 pm. Open Xmas day for the Thunder game - anyone with a game ticket stub gets the first Domestic on us!
Fit and Fab "Sunday Edition"
Getting ready to rock the Biebob in Vosselaar, Belgium!!!! Not sure that this sounded 'proper' but that's ok.
: baby can't wait till you get here
Thank you Clifton Forge! A night to remember!
My Mom was born in Deadwood.
Please RT: Authors who visit schools: Get listed: www.illustratorauthor.com
I applaud your integrity, miss.
This is my life....
But I'd love to see what a librarian does on vacation! :)
You know I <3 you! :) And I was bored
shit was rigged! Tiny old people are more aerodynamic.
Don't hate cuz is spot on every time about Truth hurts bro
me too! is an awesome draw-er, though.
my niece she half black half Puerto Rican.
SO delish. I love this place!!
are you only in the UK?
how you gon blow wit out me ?
Oh god. That's one of the worst I've seen.
Take the Lead Lehigh Valley Girl Scouts honor Frances Hesselbein w/ the centennial award today!
The chick that plays Angela on the Office tries so hard to be funny in real life
and informed me that today is #PhilCollins day!! Awesome! #sussudio #againstallodds Random.
haha of course I'm still alive!! Just been #toobusytotweet :/ are you alive?
Coral looks good on anything, especially lips and nails.
tweet tweet tweet!
(the question not the book) through a relentless investigation of and engagement of radical political groups
Can't you see sweet thang.
I didn't think things would come to a head so quickly for Paterno and Spanier They are both toast.
Good luck to the #HOOSIERS and #BULLDOGS tonight!
Az much az o luv Women I'm bout to turn These cards over
girl your not white
This I must see. I'll try to stop by after work.
Always and only big boys at Alchemy. No 'session' beers.
Well it's off to bed. good night.
Thanks for the link. Definitely will do in the future. I now have Rocket Scripts off so Disqus works. Should I still report it?
I really hope you wouldn't talk to that tramp! Lol
2011 Cannes Film Festival Coverage
Momentum Shift! Let's go #Yankees!!!
damn they be having you work late
Talk on making classrooms transparent: ie making everything except the grade visible to all students at all times.
#VAUMC11 How can those who are wheelchair bound participate in a standing vote?
#Palko is a boss
share me on ur twitter I need followers !!
Dave Franco tho, omg
My BMI showcase show is tomorrow Weds!!! Come on out!! Very important show. Starts at 6pm sharp at the Basement here in Nashville.
Love my parents! Thank you for being so supportive!
so do you know if your coming to school tomorrow yet?
its funny, I feel like DC is the smallest big city.
Thanks for stopping by! We know the little ones will enjoy those toy-filled baskets! RT : Decided to fill Easter baskets with...
We're at the point now where it takes Kobe a lot more than 48 hours to recover from a hard quarter covering a team's PG.
About to knock out this paper tho
twitter now <<
Who are some artists that have helped you through difficult times?
Talking about the weirdest instances in which you have been unfollowed on Twitter next - ZenLive.tv
Today, if you walk down Michigan Ave. in Lansing, you might get a free Jimmy John's sandwich. If you ask for veggie option, you might get 2
BIG but delightful trouble
“Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.” -Gandhi
When I'm hungry, I don't like people.
Having a great day building new contacts online - enjoying twitter and www.organicchurchtoday.com come and join in the conversation
Benefits of an Indoor Fitness Class
Those commercials with ladies talking about wiping their butts is one of the reasons I love living in this era!!! Also Shazam.
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to the next meeting (our first!) Meet you soon.
Yeah, I remember them not being that great a few years back. I think next year could be their year. I like Spallina.
Happy Birthday Dave Gahan. :D
I know! Showers & storms may keep you up/wake you up early....
OK two run Sox lead in the eighth. What could possibly go wrong?
lol, it sound like you can't stand dat nigga
#140 "The Hisser" pushed/pulled the 1st test train; 140 did what it does best, made that lengthy hissing noise, twice...
Watching #thevoice while studying for my exams tomorrow is the best way to do anything!
all do it.
Writing cover letters is lame.
I'm following you : Thanks so much. Enjoy the weekend ;)
Austin is flawless <U+2665>
Excited for the unveiling of the Golden Hill Farmers' Market. What a great addition to the neighborhood.
Finally, common sense prevails.
Growing up in Nebraska, it was my dream to learn from Danny Nee. Now he is here at workouts studying drills and recruiting my kids
I don't get too TIPSY n being HARD is too RISKY!
Agh! I killed the yeast!
complete opposite of SKC
thank you so much for your prayers and support!! Hope that we can see your show soon! God bless!!
hey... How ya been?... Lol get out here and enjoy this weather
hahaha i thought it was kinda easy too... yeah, we're both screwed lmao
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.
Trump wants to see bin laden death certif; denies his hair is al qaida safe house
Re: WEST "I'm hoping to see this show again - it's a wonderful surprise, full of talent. Watch out for the bears." Mary Foster Conklin
“: Boom Boom Pow radio day.. I miss you!!! see you Friday!!!” I like.
I like it! Who's your ghostwriter? Just kidding :)
End of an era for the yankees it seems. Who do you guys have taking the world series?
These clown ass niggers that call themselves the GMB
The heat won't lose this series they jus makin it interesting to give the media somethin to talk about
While, I (& many others) are happy that the comic book movie has finally been perfected; or damn near close to it.
: I want them all, too! :) So glad to hear you enjoy the blog!
they are onsale right NOW!!! get em before they sell out.
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform of 2006 was a extensive bill promoting major immigration reform
What a pooper of a day. I hope tomorrow is better.
RT “: “I’m not familiar precisely with exactly what I said, but I stand by what I said whatever it was.” - Mitt Romney”
heard about a drink with a big red inside of it.
where is she?
An active old lady, who I could tell was quite a looker in her day, brought me a glass of water when she saw me doing yard work in the heat.
you miss Beasley at all?
Happy Defender's Day everybody! Catch me on the Mark Steiner Show tonight at 6:30 PM talking more about it.
Who do you think you are. Running around leaving scars. Collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart
hahahah I'll have to check it out.
Cotto got on pink knee high socks... He lost already
follow friday? why not :) have a good weekend everyone!
It's party time at cisv Halifax!!
he should say how his servers are great for cloud based-geolocalized html5 SaaS mobile applications with async backend push
#PackerNation let's welcome Worthy and Hayward !!!
Can I have her?
Haha..thank you, he's a great dog :)
plzz im begging you !!
no i really really want to tho have u?
Ah, I totally understand. I hope you are feeling much better soon!
on God they do lol
uh huh.
"The Walking Dead" best zombie show ever on TV
I just wanna go to bed. I'm sick once again.
Let's Go Bucky!
the weekend show tonight :)))
If your living your LIFE without giving an "F" then clearly your living a L.I.E.
End of Summer Web design sale. Get a professional web design up to 5 pages for $399. Logos for $99. Hurry Special ends Oct 1! kinedoinc.com
Crying for the past hour over Ryan.
i has cable, but I've been catching up on HBO Sunday night tonight.
At work right now Ah
The fur on your new kitty looks...um... plush. But seriously, way awesome of you for adopting!
Looking forward to the housewarming tonight in Boulder. See you all soon.
Good afternoon everybody!!!
come over!!
Some stories truly never get old! Love it. :)
Sears Back to school offering Mouse pads saying "I molested you honor student." and others Please RT. We need to stop this!
Some people tell us they notice healthier looking skin.
I didn't send you a dm. I got hacked today. Sorry for that.
on the 950; check TOTN page at NPR.org to see what Mary Jane Watson says about me in "The Many Loves of the Amaz-ng Spiderman"
I want a big dick inside my wet pussy right now
Money team. :)
have you gotten any offers on your music. Ever thought about coming to the states? You have a unique attractive look You'll do
Fred Savage and Howie Mandel, you can't go wrong!
Awesome show last night ! Y'all need to come to Murfreesboro and play for the #MTSU crowd
Tonight's the reception at the Daily Transcript for San Diego's "Top Influentials" of 2011. I'm proud to be one, couldn't have done it alone
Sonja needs to quit turning the lights off in the living room when I'm still in here.
So my shirt glows in the dark guys (x
its the first snap of the last straw where the last regrets out weigh the alcohol! LOVE this song ;)
what other thing lol
school was terrible hahaha to much things to do -.- I need summer now! :/ & you're so lucky hahah
Ok fellow #madmen fans, I think we can simmer down... Just Don having some crazy illness-induced dreams.
I don't have boobs. Now what?
awesome! See you there!
Hope You are feeling better, Amit Ji! Coke Studio is Rocking! You should See/listen to Jugni Ji. What An Awesome composition! :)
it's all good! Cast a wicked spell for me!
How the hell do you do this Twitter thing? I might as well just send email to my friends.
18 year old guido kid just got on the elevator. This is the motherfucking midwest. Get out.
same here!!
lolol Orlando distinguishes itself yet again
Though I did learn is quite an influencer. She's got #Klout on wine and children's books
Got taste for 2 mcChickens with cheese and bacon with a large fry and drink....OMG I'm starving !
Wish i had some food in this place.. Or maybe a blanket or pillow. Living like a homeless person right now.
Do any guys use Pinterest? Or is that exclusively a woman thing?
Wait, there are still people "icing" one another? I can't believe that lasted for more than a month.
Let's go oregon state beat washington :)
just look @ the pic i made you today and youll feel all better.
Come check out my presentation at the Sheraton Resort at Anaheim (CA) today - 12:30pm(PST) - on EmPOWERment. It's going to be fun and...
Happy Veterans Day!! May God bless those who have served and those who continue to serve our country in uniform!!
Got my DJ gear today for my shows.... just waiting on my new Korg keyboard to come in and then i'll be ready to rock some shows for Jesus!
Am I running sound tonight?
do you remeber performing at Camp About Face in Martinsville, IN?? i think you came in 2001 or 2002.. i was there! :)
friends who live alone: how did you make yourself feel okay about super high rent? or was it just plain worth it?
Im really hyper right now lol
we totally should! I won't be back in NYC for about a month but I'll ping you then... I'm always game for anything choc/sweet
"I just wanna feel real love, feel the home that I love in. Cause I got too much life running through my veins going to waste..."
Popeye's for lunch!
Happy Thanksgiving! *Gobble Gobble*
me too!
Mean. Bad. Nice logo! Assho. I couldn't forget if I didn't have OCD----they click in my EARS what's a synonym for crazymaker?
Mobb Deep fans had reason to worry back in April when a series of negative tweets from Havoc's account, directed at Prod
Wow NASA actually has a freaking twitter...amazing....
We're in a band, guys!
I'm not perfect but u know what I am me 100% American made
i think nadine will win!
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
I certainly hope that's true. He is a gifted young man.
I need to text someone psss give me ur number he!!
El Pulgarcito got a much needed little makeover. Some new menu items too.
SHOW US A PICTURE :)
always a pleasure, I'm sure... Lol!
Going to watch my new favorite show on Jetflicks - Modern Family as I run. Thanks
You're good to go as long as you're a subscriber! We'll make sure you get some swag.
you're welcome! :D
*Tanning Specials TODAY* From 8a-12noon, get 2 UV Tans for $9.99 or Buy 3 Instant Tans for $45! Receive 30% off your ENTIRE purchase all day
Where is the pre-film lunch happening?
Always the bum hoes wanna show the most skin...
Martin! Thanks for sending live from Sweden! ": You are quite a pro by now , send our love to your famiy"
After u say "yea" or "oh ok" the conversation is pretty much over.
Early to bed, early to rise, somethingsomethingsomething = ME.
Is ESPN blocking that game in NY tonight? Eff that; I wanna see Shaun White send it tonight @ Winter X Games.
i want to be on
thank you for following us, new york times rocks.
Ori still loves you and I bet she remembers the day you 2 met
“: Entrepreneurs are tested more in landing than in taking off.” ain't that the
Just drove back to #Fishtown from Gap, PA. Ugly outside. Stay in and watch
": The money don't never sleep"
Allow me to point out - I am not a #Heat fan. I am a basketball fan. Watching #Mavs basketball has made me hate the game for years.
- we know people.
Hey we may be up for a competition her at #uwmjmc307!
I guess he just really needed to smoke. I just knew he would light the blunt on the bus just cause he didnt care who saw him!
silly, right?
Pick-A-Boo! :D
thank you for recommending us as a place to visit in Houston! We appreciate it!
Indeed- especially the process of emptying them out!
In debate class were like doing this project thingy and i bombed a place (:
Thank you darling! RT : :D, Your skin and smile look GREAT !!
I'm even more worried about the threat to the American Community Survey (replacement for Census long form).
I changed my pic to the best hockey player ever!!!!!!!!!!! =P
Let's go tweeps --» If you enjoy + new video - Text You're My Baby to 18764442453
Thank you for the mention! Hope you had a great weekend!
No Vaseline - Ice Cube
There. Is. Nothing. Better than popcorn.
after being sick and not eating well or working out, I feel like I need to be extra healthy just to get back to normal
Still bummed about a field goal miss but today this #BSU fan is cheering for
how do you know the Rose figure already? Thought it was 30% of salary cap # (which has not been set)?
Could a real broham bring a coffee to the duck blind I'm in over 14th st & I75? Don't make too much noise.
Tips to County Board candidates. Don't make accusations of criminal behavior that are easily debunked
I wasn't aware it was a bad thing
(&I) agree Team iLuminate Best! SamB made me laugh. Loved Zuma Zuma Taylor Davis nice voice wrong song selection Fatally - good
New video in a half hour!
Don't let the San Diego icon fool you - the iPhone app from last year also works for
The Incredible Titties
I feel like reddit is the dude version of pinterest
What would happen if George Washington climbed down from his Mt Vernon pedestal and made moves on Man/Woman? LUV! Still plenty tix for I Do!
Sorry about that - our twitter account was compromised. We've fixed the issue.
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 7
On our way to Jersey for the home game. Got a few more friends to come along for the ride. Hoping for a big win tonight.
I got me a Valentine
Put a deposit on a new place today... moving sucks but I'm muy.... muyyyy.... EXCITED!!
Hey are they the ones in that weird industrial area by Edmonds maintenance building? You like?
We're a new restaraunt in Lakeview serving fresh sandwiches, homemade soups, and salads.
Haters can´t bring me down!!
Port Allen Mayor Derek Lewis will resign because of his pending federal racketeering indictment as part of Operation Blighted Officials!
Here's one solution to God's problem of how to talk to people who were afraid to talk face to face. Deuteronomy 18:15-20
Agreed! RT : PTI is one of the best shows ever in the history of television. Yes, I said it.
hurts! Come on Raiders. smh
and how. 17 years at it.
Well, I'm not sure it is a good film, but it's memorable. Hope you do get on screens someday. You've got great presence.
Who cares take the penalty, this is just sad to watch. They need to just walk off.
Nice! Good luck. Dunno how much time you have, but you gotta eat @ Shake Shack, Bleecker Street Pizza, or Artichoke Basille's.
his company's brand. His, not 'the.'
Thinking about what type of legacy to leave behind
Today (or maybe this week...or month?), is my favorite friend. :)
dislikes holding an umbrella more than being wet.
I know it is only Tuesday but I am already thinking about the weekend. Any suggestions for good things to do in #SanDiego this weekend?
good atmosphere, it's larger, just as close to the farm, they serve food, and it's on a hilltop so really scenic!
She was joking? lol
<U+200E>"Without strategy, execution is aimless. Without execution, strategy is useless."
huh, perfect sense.
Screw the naysayer wordpress can be used for large sites -
Good afternoon everyone. Have a blessed day! God bless... Joel 3:10!
Good morning #TeamFitness. Let's make it a point to be in #BeastMode all week. Let's Go!!!
Dick Vitale just called Todd Graham "gutless" during the Pitt/Louisville B'ball game
hey follow me! #1 (:
Thank you everyone for your support!! Check out the site and buy a brick for your loved one!
Thanks, man! RT The best when it comes to betting with convenience. The partnering with was pure genius
haha sweet! What's your user?
How can you hesitate? Take risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
Spring Break: Phase I: Ford Field, Detroit. Phase II: TBD (Studio or San Francisco). Phase I: Exhibition baseball, Milwaukee.
I just have to say what u posted about Vickie was right on the ball I applaud you
Sorry, I haven't been on here guys. I've been super busy, who is ready for 's CD? :D
Stay strong through the pain, because you can't make a rainbow without any rain.
Fucking hate twitter sometimes... I'm on tweetlimit for no reason...
send me phone numbers get my iphone in a week @
Just got up, now I'm getting some thing to eat!! ;-)
Checking my email.....Wow alot to read!
movies was great now its time for me to sleep so goodbye
Even if I showered this morning?
Happy Birthday Amy!! Love ya! have a great day, you deserve it :)
happy b-day to me;-)
Day 4 in Big data week house and looking forward to another amazing day discussing Big Data and revenue today
word our society has imprisoned God endeavoring to subjugate Him to our whimsical nature & human conceptions.
saved on my phone too !! <3
it means "fuck your mother" in spanish
oh shit I'm on PS3
These gabana sunshades block the sun rays.... Weezy F
awh <3 i cant stay away from my prince <3
Congratulations, in particular, to Prof. Terry Harpold, winner of best presentation for "Wikis as Teaching Tools"
- I feel like I've been trampled by a herd of truckers
Everyone wants the truth..But no one wants to be honest
Hey look they all use a Mac, on a desk, exciting! Oh that guy has 2 bloody Macs. Wow!
Now she wanna text back<<<<
If Mitt Romney beats Obama then I'll believe in the Mayan calendar
for the sake of irony
Aw, thanks!(: <3 & I'll definitely tweet you sometime.(:
Rangers going to the WORLD SERIES!!!!!!! Yay woo hoo ... So excited <3
Running for a Cause: Top 10 Accessories for Any Runner - Yahoo! Sports
Sometimes I forget to remember!
'Fortywater, Bring me up to Speed, PIMP!'
Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years.
Return to the Return to the Leadership page
Tebow added as a backup really shows what the league thinks of him. He's about as welcome as a porn star at the Oakdale high school prom.
...you just missed your Italian Stallion. He asked me for the Asian girl from the front desk ..wooohoooo
new cut n sew all over screen printed shirts now available!
Regarding routing and workflow, always eager to hear about specific issues and suggestions!
Some days, Draw Something makes me feel even more stupid and less artistic than usual.
Woo hoooooooooo when I feel heavy metal
Dreaming about finals, school, death and work.
I just got told by a customer that "you are like Sassy Scrubs if Ed Hardy bought them!" I will take that as a compliment!
A toddler just barely able to speak sang " I go by "Titty two necklace" -_-
LIFE CHANGING INFO UNLOCK AUTISM 5 Keys To Unlock Better Behavior Social Sensory Speech. Email for talk recording
I wonder if seniors date sophomores,,,guess well find out eh?
Best. Tweet. Ever. XD RT : RT : On a caffeine high listening to ^.^
Couldn't agree more. Bushnell's article gave me much needed insight for a character I've been forever developing.
its not just friday, its also the start of the second annual friendship-day week.
I have extra 4 tickets 4 NCAA tourney in Portland Session 1-First game time 10:40am. Let me know if you are interested
i love plotting library futures with can you be the admin of my perfect library? i'll be head of undergrad research.
You turncoat! lol :)
I'm currently chillin on the couch, watchin THE MATRIX on TV. That Neo sure can jump y'all! Glad he took the red pill
Shape Your Body And Personality With The Exciting Boot Camps In Pennant Hill
Tom Koulopoulos taking the stage at
AC broken in the office, it's 82 and climbing ... guess I won't need that sweater today.
I've had like ten people ask me what's wrong today.
Darius Miller Test Drive, sign up here in the show room for a test drive and enter to WIN a Signed Basketball by Darius Miller.
That description is awesome yet frightening.
She tgink she a good girlfriend dat wit me she a never be
I expecting to have an Android update later tonight or early tomorrow. Faster uploads & better compatibility with some newer phones.
they do not call him the viper for nothing
my allergies are blocking up my creativity..........
and by march madness, I mean go watch the crazy guy eat his underwear outside the 7-11 on 8th street
that looks like Japanese nuclear meltdown vomit
Dominance: #Nationals' Henry Rodriguez closes 9th against the #Reds with 3 Ks on 10 pitches.
Just got my Amazon gift card from !!! Very much appreciated and so timely with the holidays approaching :)
RT : Shorthanded goal by Dan Labosky completes the hat trick for the junior Colorado College recruit and makes it 9-0
Think Im finna take a nap.... sounds good to me.!!
Happy birthday ! You've given me years of stories and a way to bond with my parents and I didn't get you a thing! Forgive me
Friday night with Pink Floyd playing
Bonus of living in NM: free spa treatments! Today I was treated to free microdermabrasion (e.g. wind blasting my face with sand). ;)
Wine blogger tasting at Monte Bello vineyard
Trying hit mall of America
Thanks so much for the RT And thank you for the #WW You guys are the best :)
Inappropriate "trashcans" replaced by real trashcans in #blackstoneVA. Mayor Coleburn & town clerk Daniel set things right.
From listen to local sports talk radio there seems to be several UK fans who wouldn't mind having him as the head man.
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like."
neither site is working still...
(Forgot about you not watching many movies. :)) That's right, Capt America was the motorcycle dude.
Just scanned 6 different appraisals for one guy who bought 6 engagement rings. All priced above $17,000 a piece. Where can I find one of him
I just have a hard time playing characters that everyone else uses. I would love to see a random sindel win a major though
wait...wha? The Pro Bowl was on this weekend? Who knew....
"Paradise is here or nowhere: you must take your joy with you or you will never find it." -O.S. Marden
these vagina trees are killin me.
; remember when we were best friends?
RT Not a good couple days for knees. Gamel. Gonzalez. Rose. Shumpert. Rivera. Davis. Yikes.
Have you planned an event yet?
This cruise better come fast!
I got a Geronimo Stilton in Chinese today. I refuse to believe I ordered it.
Yo tomaro friday happy goin to see the silent house
I'm tired of going after somebody who doesnt even want me back ;\
yea right thats mothers day... Noones gonna get off!:/
And as you know, I'm not a "dog person," and yet it did it to me.
Not sure why they call it "Playing" catch up... cause this is not a very fun game! #Emails grrr!
Yay! Me..i get to be at practice at 6:45 in the morning!! What joy -_-
Seriously bro, please stop
heading off for the night, will catch up tomorrow, cheers and good luck
Colorado!! We are hiring a Copier technician. Please call 303-778-0600 if you are interested in this full-time job.
Jane Paradise says you'll be at 2d st tonight. I still owe you a beer, I think...
Lean On Me #np thank the lord for my supportive family and boyfriend through thick and thin
Twilight: Breaking Dong (am I doing this right?)
hell yeah it was so crazy and the weather was nice as hell .. next trip u hav to come
Enjoyed working with new studio client from Louisiana producing great song last couple of days.
Financing Homes Across Indiana for 29 Years, Community Mortgage, Indiana lender 877-829-7161
good Morning all!
Naw, I mean it all. Points and rebounds near even. LB has more assists and steals, Durant has more blocks and 3's.
": Hunger Games had an impressive opening weekend. For a film without Batman in it."//Best tweet of 2012 so far
im ready to go hard homie.
Thanks Lee :) Hope your Sunday has been good.
LOL OH yes!
In from Cincy to come to ...looking forward to a great day!
RT schl library spaces should be... a place where everybody knows your name.
yeah totally dude. Are you going to the show?
lol that's no necessary lol we just friends we get along better or else imma turn into crazy bm lol
What, don't respond to my text? It wasnt that weird..
#VCU is giving Indy a run! Gotta love that Shaka Smart. Oregon, WI native!
Nice. Enjoy.
I am so proud of the people from "Melrose" that are graduating Tuesday, y'all did it! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture Hottest Fashions
that's what I'm listing to... Brings back memories I didn't even know happened
I think I'm gonna buy a potted plant to grow. Check out my green thumb. :)
Cuter guys here Lol D&b Lol j.k
Happy Friday readers! My #FridayReads is Bossypants by the fantastic Tina Fey
all night doors opened at 6 pm were open till 4am. Just mention my name as the promoter and your good. Thanks Phillip Hawkins
Ignore my text one shame on you, ignore me twice shame on me. Lolzz <U+270C>
Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following!
it's good! Now I just have to figure out what to do with the worlds largest loaf of bread haha
Actions speak louder than words ..!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Harry potter and the sorcerers titties! <U+26A1>
Q: "Do you keep hope that thing will improve now that president Obama has promised he will do something about it?"
Coming up next week talks Terence McKenna and The Invisible Landscape and film techniques using fractals to imitate deep space
Good M0rninG ! ( ü ) dude have a nice day ;D
Love is a game that two can play and both win. Eva Gabor
macaulay lab has sounds from all sorts of animals, not just birds, from cornell lab of ornithology.
Mad Men: To The Moon! (And Crashing Back Again) - Huffington Post
wavy flow.
You know how much someone loves you when you manage to get them entirely disappointed.
That quiz is tough! And I thought I was up with my scores.
naw nigga it wasnt that real. But it was good as fuck though
Dont expect accents. A lot of ppl there do not have them. its quite dissapointing.
Does anyone know if Bags still has any "Brown Hand Center Good Hands of the Game" eligibility remaining?!? [Too soon to crack that one?!?]
What time?
We've got THE "it" gift for Valentine's 2011. Details to come soon. Watch this space.
STAR WARS IS ON OH EM GEE! :D
Join us and 1,000 inbound marketers September 15-16 in Boston
hey i heard you were a wild one
Is it the full moon making everything so loud? Dogs howling & barking, loons going crazy, the cicadas are deafen- OMG VAMPHIRE!
the guy from jack-ass.
Whatever you are focusing will show itself. Mine just did
hey please follow me please (:
hey ray, how the hell are you?
When you assume... choose the other option. Dex is at Disneyland.
Diet vs the gym! Which one is better???
If Kobe played 4 the Milwaukee bucks id follow them! Deal with it! Haters and uneducated ppl
Had THE best time last night..lots of moments..got to spend time with the people I enjoy the most
Taking in Manhattan with my lady—qualifies as one beautiful Monday.
Peace and Blessing to You are So Fab.... :-)
Geez! I still have to get some cards out.
get on skype....
im holding you to it!
Likewise Lisa. Let's do it again soon. Maybe next time we shoot to be on Jerry Springer. Great seeing you!
Yoo my mom just brought me a Chicken Burger :)
I believe that the cultural fit of a job is an important component of job satisfaction. This article makes an interesting connection that …
They took er' jubs!
I need to understand FireEagle better then. At 1st glance seems to expect user to do/know a lot about location.
My cat enjoys licking my toes.. I wonder if he enjoys my obnoxious laugh too :)
Sad thing is I have no idea where my brother is right now. He's 17 and I haven't seen him since he was 12. I really do miss him <//3
Mike Aiken's First Christmas EP "Almost Christmas" is sure to be on constant repeat this holiday season when go visit family in Georgia.
Hope we win today!:)
#rAndom ok I'm fux up noW lol
Aw shucks. Come up and vist DC in to visit Beertown in July. Love to have you.
I don't wanna talk about it.
IION GOT TIME FOR FOOLISHNESS DOE
we'll start being around more come mid-July. We'll be posting on FB and twitter letting ppl know when they can stop by.
every time i think i find a bug in deform_boostrap, once i dig into it, has already figured it out and it's my own fault..
#SUPPORTED by you 1st #TeamFollowBack autism walk may 20th in Atlantic station starts at 8am walk for a cause
Settling in with wax poetics and billy ocean while sipping rye cocktail.
NGOs should package information relevant for the pipo they work with and some useful information is on social media platforms
It does make me feel better having an eyebrow twin :) Good thing for eyebrow pencils, phew
Awesome! "top female blogger in the UK!"
And why would a sane person bungee jump over croc infested rapids? It's like going fishing.
Ramsey is Clams...how on earth didn't you pass the ball to Van Persie...
YES just from the 1 minute I met her for she seemed so warm and vivacious. Would love to have her for a teacher!
Fantastic quote this morning: : "A successful team beats with one heart." --Unknown”
thanks for the RT! :)
Haha.. that's a very generous report! Thank You! you guys & aka. Herr Goldfinger RULE!!!
did you know Jason derulo broke his neck!?
Heat game and Os game
one can only hope...
TODAY'S THE DAY! New Vampire Diaries & Secret Circle starting tonight at 8 on CW20!
Y'all need to go to bed!
working in rg217. rev war stuff.
were not dating. BUT UR MINE.
Sometimes I can't tell if that sound outside my window is a morning dove or someone lightly choking a baby.
But I would have starved trying to get enough teosinte in my diet
it was on!?dayumm im watching Shrek <3 i love Donkey lml
Heading out to meet up with Amanda's family. Then dinner with and his lady
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can play an instrument.
I like it!
Trying to decide if I should buy a car. I don't need one, but sometimes it's nice to just drive down LakeShore.
when uses big words <<<
it's ok. I found it on YouTube :)
Why are people talking shit tho?
did u miss me ?
do you prefer hard copy or electronic submissions?
"If you need to get to Manhattan don't stay on this train." -- L train conductor
#YoungAdult #YoungPro #WorshipNight is in two hours!!! Be there! 4112 Garland Drive in Raleigh, 7-9pm. We love you and want to #celebrate!
surf conditions are great today!
Its been a while since I've been this tired! lol
Obviously if we wanted to be with you, he would. bitches causing drama, always
Google officially owns my life.
not all spanish men are perverted. There's still some of us that like being gentlemen.
I MADE THE AUDITIONS! Omgomgomgomg
If you have to drive in Stockton this afternoon, stay away from downtown.
This tweeter thing stills seems weird to me.
“ ": Loyalty over Everything..."”
Thank you, Mo'Kelly! I appreciate the kind words! Looking forward to Saturday's show!!
time to practice like a champion
I don't like to where the color purple it makes u look old and lame
I can't say anything about your skewed thinking, but it does seem like a real possibility that people will start thinking the 'museum ex ...
get your refund !
I like to move it move it #butts ;)
ugh guys suck im up way too early grumpy gona go back to sleep peace out
Visit us tonight for a #foodiechat special just say #foodiechat tots or pizza anyone?
Traffic Accident US 29 southbound at i-64W ramp. left lane blocked
And how'd you do?
Before you go thinking I'm white trash maybe I should remind you that there's wine inside this styrofoam cup.
i hope he does hahahahahahaha
Eating at Ruby Tuesday (:
Off to my cousins baseball game!
I don't know, but that is a great band name
um whose birthday cake is that?!
happy birthday good Sir.
I guess. Lol
Heading to KC today. Just can't get good barbeque any closer to home.
Is it really 88 degrees.. in marshfield at the beach <3
I'm gonna step out on a limb and call myself a Linux guru. Very curious, why on earth would you choose SUSE?
hey ! can u follow me? i love U !
Jay Matthes. First one ready at the Matthes house.
Yes, I did just use the ladies bathroom at the bar.
Just got an exclusive listen to s next single "Now Or Never". It sounds hot, should be a Top 10 hit!
What's your big fat failure? More importantly, what did you learn from it?
Hell has three gates: lust, anger, and greed. Make sure we guard these gates and get out quickly!
RT : Unpunctuality is probably my biggest pet peeve. Six o'clock means SIX. Not five after. Not ten. SIX.
do you like your chicken fried or choked?
Tablet Face-Off: Budget Models From Acer and Asus vs. Apple's iPad 2 - PCWorld
thanx for mention. U have awesome dedicated trainers. I've seen great results from your bootcamps/nutrition plans
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 2, 2012 UC Berkeley wins $60 million for computer center UC Berkeley has won a $60 million grant
I don't know what to tweet.
“ Whyy we always argue bout the same thing .”' Man
RT : We've got extra buttons! I'll drop one by your office tomorrow <- you'll be out of bed?
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND MY GOONIES....WE MIGHT NOT BE READY BUT WE NEVER SAY DIE...
"A man's real possession is his memory. In nothing else is he rich, in nothing else is he poor." -Alexander Smith
I realize that I'm about to get beat up for this but I don't get the Hope Solo obsession. She's not really that hot
I hope the latest post presages an announcement re. the much awaited (and lusted after) iOS app. Seriously.
#NFAIS12 Gen Y doctoral students believe in sharing work in principle, but most don't in practice.
#Dananjay #8 in the next at
eat that thing like wanton joking baby im pimp type
Both Libya and Syria have seen uprisings against a dictatorial regimes in past year, but are the two comparable?
Have you ever gone home after school, looked in the mirror and said, "Oh God, did I look like this all day?"
I did not say that. Mr. Green playing my husband did though. I just stuck with the NOD. Perspective! It's frozen dinners not Bruckheimer.
Come on, Joe...lyrics ARE real life!
- thanks for the follow. Merry Christmas & happy holidays!
If you live in the cities of Chicago and San Francisco watch for our flyer in the mail. www.hairlink.co
lol where at?
Thanks for coming to the forum last night and for engaging online!
yes, my speed reading exercises are paying off tonight
really how is it possible then? radio is very expensive
Traffic is a bitch when it's raining -.-..now time to relax till 630 then pick my mom up and go to some "Nepal new year" dinner party
haha his songs better not suck, he's a great performer
So blessed to b able 2 walk my kids 2 the bus stop on the first day of school. Being a hands on Mommy is the single most important job!
To I have to turn my phone off at 11pm my time if you need me just dm I am here 4 you all.
“If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh
Pretty much the only reason I like living here is the smooth transition from winter/spring/summer. We've had none of that.
Hello out there , and ! Thank you for the follow...
Yesterday I gave an impromptu 100 second presentation about baseball. Can I add that to my CV?? :)
Wife came home today bringing king cake, REAL french bread and cheap tasty red wine, all imported from Louisiana. Miss it so much.
There is nothing that you need in order to be perfectly happy
I appreciate that ALOT, Lori...I am just a regular guy who played #bytherules #4GTweets no bots, no deception,
I never really thought about the added costs shipping the larger bottles, thanks for that!
#MUSICREVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club - Plymouth Pavilions - Island Records
!! RT : A4: Culture doesn’t just happen without a set of rules. Leaders must be the “steering wheel” to keep brand on track.
Single most overrated metric in marketing: Number of Facebook fans.
One is a job, and one is a hobby. But anything to make money and stay afloat in this topsy-turvy economy of ours.
cool! Let's get in touch and work together! Got time for a mtg?
Nothing in the mail from
Theme for today - Grow where you are planted
nytnyt and sweet dreams allie~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear friend <3
great times
duh twin I'm coming out lol
- did you receive our DM?
Gotta be at work @ 5am. Ugh. Going to sleep.
....Friday the 13th!
I like how the office gets me and my sisters classes mixed up
and outplay the rock band that is
I liked your school FB page to help you get to 25 so you can get your URL. Looks great - good luck!
Wait until you see the #friendiversary pictures. You wanna talk cute!
I'm miss y'all the mostest! Not even sure I spelled that right :) haha
We have the right to be guilty untile proven something else . We are living in a world of change.Need to press the reset button
Matching books 2 teen boys ~ 2 of the hottest titles in our library were written by authors who r also screen writers: A. Klavan + D.Gilman
#follow me poker playing degen
I'm doing it for muscle growth and strength. Summer is around the corner. :)
The broncos need a real quarterback so they're looking at peyton now
- glad to see you on Twitter!
what's the word mayne?
Orioles are going to win the AL Pennant.
Thanks for the tweet favorite!
Thanks for the mention, Kay. Have a great Tuesday!
Cincinnati. Please take the time to check out the our tent!
Read rate for text messages: Over 96% thats 5x higher than emails. So y r u still sending emails out to customers? Learn more @ 916-420-6020
#idol in Pittsburgh baby!
i miss my childhood
I appreicate the dialogue even though I feel differently. I hope he (& the rest of the team) can elevate past this mess.
WE ONLY REPLY TO THE SERIOUS EMAILS, IF YOU'RE "TALENTED" SUBMIT YOUR EMAIL #Thankyou A 100% ENT
Because it is awesome!
Always!! “: Train 4 Win ”
Hello love....
good move
studio time
Hey! follow me for amazing healthy snack ideas!!
#alecexposed #alecwatch Are corps writing off ALEC activities as "charitable donations?" Just wondering.
#marijuana is the most common way HIV/AIDS is transmitted. but if you dont smoke it, you probably wont get aids. be smart say NO.
Wow here at work and just hearing about Donna Summer...RIP
but c'mon Chris that tweet was just dumb. I'm sure Bron and Brown took a legit arse kickin'. Them dudes wasn't in ever game
Here we go!
Preciate the SO. Stay locked for all the discounts!
MGC will be a great opportunity for paranormal researchers to come together and share knowledge and new findings.
If they really want to help send Garcia to the Red Sox bullpen !!!!
holla at me!
Ever dream of learning tennis from an actual pro? Paul gets his first lesson at Kim Grant Tennis Academy, this Saturday (4/3/10) @ 5:30pm.
At home at last!
I guess you didn't see the postgame press conference lol
I haven't watched any football this season.
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
REAL friends wouldn't let you do dumb shit.
A toast to a fresh new year focus on what you really want and go after it like theres no tomorrow.
All things bright and beautiful
"Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow." - Lawrence Clark Powell
Hey, - I'm a Code Year Cataloger!
which #METgala looks did you guys like best?
I'm doin a chicken tacos and hot chocolate meaal right now Lol
It's probably what's best for you, I only want the best for you, and if I'm not the best then you're stuck.
Indpls is looking for a lead actor in their upcoming stage play previously played by Tony Grant
Hogs win the series over the #2 Florida Gators Woo Pig Sooie!! Now lets Go Celtics!!
Sorry, I was working!
Looks like my invite got lost HA! Reporters aren't welcome and I don't have $40,000 in loose change.
lol my little sister told me that's what my grandpa calls her.
so sick and tired of hypocrites! im not the only one whos has made a few mistakes, your not perfect///
Good run for SKC. No shame in losing this one.
left handed more like best handed
Somebodyy take me to Alabama >.<
If you see that we are following you, please follow us. We love you guys. Thank you and God bless! Also, like us on!!
Anyone wanna voxer me?
reminder - “: Hey #UVa Students, Chalking on brick sidewalks is prohibited per the record. Just a heads up!”
Packed with ten sports, Kinect Sports drops you controller-free into an eclectic variety of athleticism.
Interesting to see #mnleg members interacting with people during Vikes' stadium debate. One Rep just posted response on Facebook.
You have, and I have always been so thankful for and appreciative of your support! Love you too!!! xoxoxoxoxox
iPhone lover right here! RT iOS 5 is coming out October 12th
#giftwrapping. it's that time of year...
#StupidTwitterQuestions why are random people following me on twitter bitch it's call fans -____-
Looking at a macbook pro...650 bucks!!!
Anyone in Denver for the USA PRO CYCLING CHALLENGE?
The dream, the dreamer, or the Thai food that gave her the dreams?
Natalie was going on a killing rampage
thanks jen! I will be at a conference then, I think, but look forward to hearing how it goes. Best- gh
They should CO-EXIT!
I'm very sorry to hear that. You know the exact feelings and frustrations.
For every $150 spent on Giftcards get a Complimentary Serenity Hour (Valued at $110.00) Through December 31st!!!!
good to know
Fuck school not in the mood for this shit juss wanna sleep all day :/
who r u
Do you guys have transcripts for folks with hearing disabilities, or who might want to read the show instead?
super interesting interview with warren littlefield on right now!
I speak Texan!
nope yall one of a kind
Stanford to play Oklahoma St. in Fiesta Bowl?
but I'm lil rob lol
Stupid Staar testing. Makes the day boring as hell. :(
RT I Love my big sleepy head
yes i can haha;)
So bored right now...had to come to school early to watch my mom do the coffee cart. >:(
I worry that people who prefer opportunity and self-sufficiency might be outnumbered by those who don't.
wats good boy
Perplexed to see this in e-flux, an art world journal- but glad to read it none the less!
lol you coming to my graduation
shout out to for giving a shit
Was that necessary??? I didn't think so...
thanks for the follow! I am excited to come visit.
Add an actual crowd in the building and this game could be mistaken for a March Madness nailbiter...go
Tony Bennett starts the #jazzday concert, amazing!
saving the best for last! #markrolston human > machine
I have so many #dreams and now its time for me to stop dreaming and make things happen
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really touch you. And then you meet one person, and your life is changed... forever
i am not getting on twitter like i used to.. dang..
cramping so bad! yikes. I hate this. );
Already planning where I will enjoy an outdoor #HappyHour cocktail this evening... ideas #Baltimore ? I'm stuck in a rut...
you realize what you're asking here? RT : C'mon Cubs! ...
Making the FUTURE!!!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
started a Facebook like page, got Madame LaQueer to do an interview with me
you're more than welcome!
it runs in the family
i know! It terrible that people really depress others to where they kill themselves</3
Bout to head out to Gonna rage with Funkagenda
#WhenAustin tweets cute love quotes (:
Cover looks really good I want to say your best yet..excited to hear this joint...
: Santa came early! We got 10 (11" & 13") Maxed Out Apple Macbook Air laptops to give away! Follow us & RT to win!
Thanks so much for featuring the Data Management Wonk's 2012 Reading List yesterday. I appreciate it.
;-p had to help ya out.
Father Daughter Golfing on May 19
Haahaha. No! Its okay. I felt bad cause I was soo confused.
RT oprah's in the "michael jordan playing baseball" phase of her tv career.
THEY'RE PLAYING CREEP BY TLC
Gonna hit the ground runnin' ... I'm ready for you Monday!
#NASFAA President Draeger was adamant in claiming that the #DREAMAct is not an amnesty program. All Americans should learn what it means.
How do we partner to bring Kettlebell certification/ education to your trainers? We are ACE providers but see more possibility!
Smh right i didnt want too stay too long cause it looks like you was havin a good time . lol
You think he's looking to fire the band and get a new one? And then another keyboard player can hire you guys? LOL
I think Steve Talbott also makes that sort of point in various ways. But what worries me is that we will assimilate to such models.
debating getting a #kindle or #ipad for my grad school textbooks....any suggestions?
How was twat !?! Was i was there
not drinking has limited my outings ;) A buddy is singing at RubyRoom tonight.
FaceBook? Add me I'll accept it!
BO!!! Nyesha lost because Bev didn't pick enough ingredients!
Yeah I saw that. :(
Do remember it's all about #REGGAE MUSIC every Sat. 6-10pm (est) "R.U. IRIE" spinning the best in Reggae, #dancehall, roots, lovers.RED ROSE
i need a song that will make me happy wat should i listen too anyone??
Who told you life wasn't worth the fight? They were wrong, they lied, and now you're gone, and we cried ! Miss you beautiful <3
Apparently, the USC DISASTER APP was apptly named, worked on about 7% of the phones. No iPhones. Some Droids. No Berries.
#thethingsbradlysays oh wait we got a buy one get one free coupon. We can go back!
Thanks! You as well!
Marty has been a champion of increased funding for the EPIC Prescription Drug Program, and fought to protect seniors from rent increases.
in the divorce, i got rid of my ex and kept the Sox, so to celebrate i went to 2004 ALCS game 2, special day for my new life
Its a beautiful Saturday! Let's make the best out of it.
the first goal shouldn't have counted but the line needs to be held stronger
I know it really seems like way too much shit at the beginning. If you lay it out and pace yourself you'll be fine though(:
Congratulations on your new position!
The best part about pop-tarts is the edges
Cant wait! Have fun RT : TIME FOR SOME BEACH VOLLEYBALL! <U+F603>
feisty girl
Fresh mango >>>
Another turnover on downs? We only needed a yard too ...
Working on overdue book review for Jacobs' "Imagining the Middle East" at S-bux in suburban MD = not most ideal Saturday eve.
Relaxing before going back to work...90210 time.
Great to know that. Thanks for your views!
A lot of people should have stepped it up in the post season - Hossa before injured, Toews, Sharp....Kane had 4A
Officially a sophomore in college!!
Rest easy, landlord. Your personal information is kept private with our 'For Rent' signs. Sleep in and check your email in the morning.
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs? A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
Which begs the more embarrassing question "So, Alison, how *did* you already know of both sequels?"
Thought there was a chance I might go home today...then woke up with another high grade temp. It will likely be at least another 24 hrs :(
A. LOT. and good for you :) RT : Daughter looks into refrigerator, "jeez, how much beer do you drink?!"
Louis , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
follow back
Headed to the hills for camping and meteor shower watching. If the #supermoon isn't too bright to see them!
"we'll come to that bridge when we cross it"
Excited to hear from tonight at !!
In DC for Museums Advocacy events = policy lectures, hallway handshakes, briefing bored aides already on our side. Still I wouldn't miss it.
I'm about to call it a night...
No problem. I wanted to let you know.
Bruno Mars and Train are not going to be enough to get me to return to #Preakness. They are a step backwards from Zac Brown Band.
Big hit.
It's gotta be Tommy Streeter here
Thanks for the invite, I went to see the muppets movie this afternoon. You should see it if you can it's pretty cute!
I'm a poet and they didn't know it! :-)
Dude since you have nothing to do we can hang out! Kay? Kay sounds good.
Oh I'm already sick of the term "brogrammers."
just found and on twitter....both super funny.
I just like to say a huge sorry for not posting so much! i did what you said, focus on school and get good grades! i have <3
haha I figured :) but I gotta look after my new friend!!
Well I am beyond annoyed. That is always fun.
Lo e demi's dress
Victoria’s Secret models ‘athletes’
Honestly, being #single and having no potentials is kinda #awesome, I've got no one to think about but me!
If I take you out of the picture, I know real niggas won't miss ya.
Let's go USA
its been a rough day for me too I've been a crying mess. Text me if I you wanna talk about it!
#iseeyou to Alexis
Haha, yeah. Potter Stewart test, but for the entire country.
Let's do it!
For the record, my car smells like diabetes still.
Also, we've had enough! We're creating an instagram account! Who should we follow?
Catcalls at the thought that #SanDiego would not be a desirable destination. Seriously???
you can't triple stamp a double stamp...Lloyd LLOYD!!!
RT : A grateful <3 is a forgiving one. How are you practicing forgiveness?
The camera bike is getting fixed this morning. I've already danced neked in the desert above Cave Creek AZ this morning. Yippee!!!
Apparently, failed to inform me that she changed her twitter name to #buttface!
Brewers themes Yes! Yes! Yes! tshirts will be made this season
Q4 Also, everyone is right about volunteering, interning, or working part-time. You need experience to get a job. Sucky but true.
Sausage queen competition was sun thin else. Cheers to , cheers to my fellow judges, & cheers to
Remember that time we ended up watching it like 15 times one night because we kept falling asleep but it kept restarting?
yes! Good country living!
zomg that looks awesome! congrats :-)
You should show up anyway. Just in case.
Haha, did you guys find a place?
Home, bath, dinner, kindle
If lesbians arent attracted to men, then why are they attracted to women who look like men? #mindblowing"
what's good... good hearing from u sweetheart
These pork chops is SMACKING. <3
Well well lakers...i hope thunder close out series 4-0.
you're such an asshole. i luh you!
Is it lip service or lifestyle? Dr. Baylor
Thank you for riding the trolley with us last week! Lots of videos coming!
Follow me please? all of my friends love you and your awesome love you!!! 143<3 Help out a fellow Canadian :P
Up time to go so more money just called .ah love my life!
Gonna need a new pair of shorts after this one
Praying and thinking of my husband and all fighting for catholic education!
Corey Hart's walk-off single for the #Brewers in the 13th for
I do the same thing(:
Why does my mom hve to ruin my vacation :( she's comin to Indiana
I CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS GROUP WORK WITH THESE AMATEURS
Rain+no power =horror movie in real life. Crap.
This weather is pop
It's not just right, it's a requirement! Enjoy!
How you make the darkness seem so bright, feelin like things gon be alright
It wouldn't be a brunch guide without you!
I didn't think you were working for a small, European publisher. ;)
BAILEE! SHUT UP
She must be the gatekeeper for all that is important.
So sorry to hear that, I'll keep him in my prayers
which games are you playing these days?
#myflaws - I let the stupidest shit get to me and I over analyze everything.
"The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose." -- Michel de Montaigne
is almost here! We have been planning for this moment for years! We can't wait to host our SB guests!
Make sure you check out the King Tut exhibit @ The Children's Museum of Indy!
haha. nope. was it fan favorite Rex? the color guy. he's been a real delightful addition to the booth this year.
In the midst of WiMAX Forum Pavilion planning for ITU Telecom World 2009 - lots of details to iron out!
well when you want to have one just hit me up lol
I'm tired of waiting for you to look for me. It's like waiting for the impossible to happen.
Love my bf:)
follow me please !!!:)
girl u better give me some xD
waking up with so many knots to untangle in the morning
should be illegal.
That reminds me... i need to buy my tickets!
Lord, God keep my mind stayed on you~BAMM.
He's almost gone almost......
SILENT DISCO FLASH MOB
Greg Oden talks to KATU about those nude pics of him on the internet... tune into morning news on right now
RT : Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Hey there, hi there, ho there.
Super! Thank you for all you do! Looking forward to next year's event!
U 2 Bear! RT : Great to connect with you, Linh.
Painting ma nails :)
#thingsIfear...Shaming God's name.
I got that future boom boom boom !!!
I still don't like u guys...
how are you sir?
Try getting a bike during the same time period you are covering stories about bicyclists' deaths. I feel you.
Trading $LNG like a pro, looking to write another OTM covered call against it.
Missing and this weekend. Reminiscing.
Tomorrow night lockland bar& grill 713 Wyoming super sexy Saturday ladies 1$ shots of goose till midnight. Party hard til 3 a.m.
I AM SO READY FOR THIS SEMESTER!
Happy Birthday Bro!!!!
Eating Skittles :3
This dude called a ”bangee”! Lmao
2012 is going to be our year #YBPartyCampaign2012. Making major moves behind the scenes
same here.
Ew. We have reached the point where it's still hot outside even nearing midnight.
The industry of ideas. Stop worrying about the pennies on a billion dollar idea.
Just need the non-run producing single to go with the walk, 4-3, and double play for the Mauer Cycle
I can go! Both dani and I. I'll try to find the password and buy tickets Friday
For all you starving fans of THE HUNGER GAMES, wait till you see the special edition of I Heart Cinema coming soon! [1/2]
I know how that feel!!!
I accept. Re: : have a blast at #SEMF. Give a hug for me.
Yup. I'm looking for underage entry sign in their concert. I'm still 16 y.o remember?:/
Montel Williams can get me 1,000 bucks by tomorrow! Awesome!
Cool concept.
He was a better rapper. And on beat RT so says mr. Getting jiggy with it
Pansy Plants Are Now In Bloom At Strange's Garden Center
ARE U IN NEED OF A CHRISTIAN DJ?? KINGDOMSOUNDENTERTAINMENT CAN HELP FOR ALL TYPES OF GIGS
Fav TV show? Hands down.."Lost."
“: Am I the only one here who can't get the damn live stream to work?”We apologize if you had technical difficulties.
mine are teens, how I miss those days
canceled flights are made of teh suck.
thank you!
no but i looked in your recent images and i found <33 aww lol thanks <3
Never tell the devil what you are trying to do, meaning shutup telling people. I have learned to keep these things in my heart and tell God.
I may not read a lot of books, but since August 12, 2006, I've apparently read 54,239 stories via RSS. Not bad.
Tune in to "Forum" on KQED 88.5 FM tomorrow at 10am. I'll be on with "Tenderloin" writer/director Annie Elias & 2 of the actors.
They were probably just very busy this weekend and that's why they turned ordering off. But we'll keep an eye on that, thanks
Lets put all the names in a hat, shake it up, and pull out a lineup for tonight.
what do you mean... Do you not like me?:/ because you always say hi to me!:(
oh vertex. so full of girls claiming to be named "raven."
Thanks for the great tweet, Kim!
potatoes are gonna potate
yup, just today!
Trent is a Cleveland BROWN!!! Very excited to have him and ....
Please don't :(
Afterward, will they call it Occupied Wall Street?
Juggling 3 projects at once is difficult. Especially when they're all due in 2 weeks.
Adversity is the state in which man most easily becomes acquainted with himself, being especially free of admirers then. ~John Wooden~
Welcome aboard I'll try to tidy up my desk before you get here!
The mountain at Stone Mountain Park is the world's largest known free-standing piece of exposed granite, standing at 825 ft. tall!
g tweeter you follow him, he follows you
i love your hair!
awww cool... & ill be waiting ( :
you're shitting me...were those really their names? Hahaha
Who remembers slam-dancing?
Want to wish continued luck shooting Nate and Margaret. Looks like awesome work so far and just from production stills.
mind me asking whoo? :')
refreshed. off to go clean some more
“Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.” <U+2015>Anthony Robbins
thanks for the RT! We had a great turnout.
I wrote a feed for the story all about the baked goods in the 7-Eleven but it didn't make it into the story! Bah!
Damn just ran into a friend I ain't seen in years.. his name was "Blunt" lol
Inside the librarian's studio on librarianship. How can you lead?
No idea but I'd bet a majority since a majority are men. There has to be a poll/survey on this somewhere...
Happy Tuesday! :)
I swear I want every bead you carry! Amazing shop!!
PS: Will I be meeting any of my followers at Empire State building?! Sad that some didn't got the chance to get tickets :/ Love you all <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
yeah, thankfully I ate before that otherwise I'd be in the same boat
God damn mongorians!
#27-Calvin Johnson-WR-Detroit Lions
;) you so beautiful!
are you always negative mr kawakami? Do you ever have anything positive to say?
What's better than dirty talk besides pillow talk, DRUNK TALK! Honey believe you & me I'm a certified specialist when it comes to drunk talk
well, kudos for all the work you do for flamenco in DC!! Hope you've been enjoying your weekend, so far :-)
haha thanks man :D
Any Winos going to #GreatGrapes in Reston this weekend?
Sorry boys and girls! The show is moved to the Warwick MIDDLE School! It starts at 7 so
&#39;A staggering mess&#39; as tsunami debris hits Alaska coast early
Jarrod and Brandy are taking home the biggest profit!
Never. I have handbags that I love. And shoes that I love. And never the twain shall meet. But Red is always a preferred color.
Check out "Who Will Comfort Me" by Melody Gardot--some great jazz licks! Ciao, vSB/ Schizl
that was totes real
Love hearing Boston Red Sox fans complain. #losers whaaaa wide strike zone
Let me do my thang to u
Just read thru Classroom w/o Walls. Great stuff. Would like to talk about helping advance you further.
Any advice on how someone with dtp bkgrnd gets started thinking about metadata? I get blank stares when I bring it up in my dept.
CLICK PHOTOS PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS "DON' IN "AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD" ORDER @
My apologies. I meant to, but i appreciated it and cut a pasted with haste. I look forward to following you.
I am going to pick up my pencil & start drawing Ricky Horror (Olson) of the band Motionless in White its going to look great ...hopefully (:
“: Lol what did she get RT : My mom jus got tatted yesterday!!! ??....” pics or it ain't happen
It all comes down to this
Everyone Should Just Quit School Now…The Amount You’ll Owe On “Student Loans” Is More Than You’ll Ever Make During Your Working Life…
#boysfavoriteline "when we gonna chill"
If everybody would just calm the fuck down, the world would be a much better place.
NOTHING works out right for me
An economist is an expert who'll know tomorrow why the things he estimated yesterday didn't occur today.
send a pic of the booth! :)
Think different. Thank you #SteveJobs for rocking our world
Watching guiliana and bill!
Wow Delta owes you something for all the trouble you have with them!
no u know u would touch them too they move fucker ( my voice) I wish I had that chest strength
CBS baseball writer Danny Knobler joins The Score right now. Check it out at AM1510!
You can always wipe the surface but the stain will remain <3 ~Motionless In White - Creatures <3
Duvall Financial Svcs helps "established" business owners throughout the country obtain private capital. NOT FICO SCORE DRIVEN.888-819-6660
"Google has not lost its edge. Spread a bit thin at moment, but still very strong."
I'm not even in the state cuz
also, checkout our new online store ;D BambaidApparel.etsy.com well be adding more stuff soon!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
Just found out that is coming to FL and it made my day!!! :)
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
please follow she is you biggest fan!19
SFAI MFA Grad Exhibition opened at @ The Phoenix Hotel yesterday - a spectrum of sensations! Noon-10 PM until May 13
thank u for making my day!!! <3
I am preparing to go spell for team Wayne at the IndyReads spelling bee tonight! Go Lexi-Cons!
My teachers blasting Diamonds Are Forever - Kanye West in class right now lol. She's such a G
Thank you!!
Sitting behind the sun...watching the sunre's.....-con-
I might come see you before that so we can go to Ikea and go see Magic Mike!
Welcome new PWA volunteer and May guest blog editor, Sandra !
wat happend who is doing this and why :'( im so sorry
I want to get tattooed again. It has been too long. First I need the money. Already got a design.
yep!!! and what did you do? i dont know what to do?
Following but would still like to say oh Nia you're so pretty.
But In The End iStill Love her .
Sometimes, I dream as many as 6 impossible things before breakfast.
sweetness ill tell and
If he inspires you, then he is certainly awesome!
Should I ask him out???! Just saying
RT : #letsgorangers is all there is to be said all day
refill every 3 weeks, surgery to replace battery every 6 years.
I'm a heterosexual woman and I would totally do Natalie Portman.
Hey Michael O'Leary, yes run scared cause those against #sopa are not taking it lying down, u and your cronies do not own the world
wade too=cry baby! Did you see the heat/pacers game yesterday?
It's dipset, get your dick wet, boarded the big jet, and got a big check
Just watched Mexico City native Manuel De Landa's 'Raw Nerves' - described as a "Lacanian thriller." fFels familiar.
Get a clue Erickson! Factor in the Bush tax cuts (not paid for) & the not-paid for wars & voila BUSH RECESSION
need to update my status
got an upgrade to a hotel suite! Love it!
i'm ready for forever. 'till death do us part? <U+E32C>
Fantastic! Can't wait! RT : I just purchased my tickets!! So excited to get the 1st taste!!
Duh. I'm always looking for freebies!
I can't get your bit.ly link to open - can you redo?
ohh, haha. I just dont get what she means by ”babies?”
It's Wednesday and that means ribs & whiskey! Rib plate w/baked potato-$7, $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys when country is on. 2NITE!
Yay! RT Received something awesome from today - Thanks! PS - I like that my quote was used on the cover!
I miss my spring break girls!
I hate unexpected vet visits. Dishing out money like its candy. Google couldn't help me this time. it has failed me!
RT True friends don't try to control you—they help you be what God wants you to be.
I have a free rn & nobody to spend it with ):
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." ~Alan Kay
No one ever wants to hang out when my hair looks good
. But have they ever been known for anything but those things?
That made my night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Asking developer and maybe he will have specific questions. Mayb try changing the background of OSX in the mean time. More soon
“: Let's be original and quit trying to be mean.. #imcuteright?”
RT #mysterygiveaway 6 happening when we hit 1500 followers!! We can do this!
has done a gr8 job acknowledging India's Republic Day. Thank you! Who had this brilliant idea to do this dance?
Hottest day EVER!!!! I need a pool immediately!!!
I'm listening to a repeat of the interview of
i love your posts. thanks for sharing all you do.
writer's block haha
i did now what. BTW im not trying to be rude im jus confused
Still irks me to see Dale Sveum in a #Cubs uniform.
U know I support - Health care 4 all. Hang on a while longer & u will b insured @ work.
Woo man i've turned into a whiny bitch.
There's no doubt in my mind that the asshole who decided hitting "Snooze" would only give us an extra 9 minutes of sleep was a selfish Jew.
that kind of deliberation when you're picking gifts really does make giving a joy instead of a chore. have a great holiday
Fixing problems
I absolutely will! Not-getting-the-job heartbreak is so brutal though. Gah. :/
Don't forget your College Football Fan this Holiday season!
In cab to airport now, speaking of getting things done!
Hi there! I had to leave early because still getting over being sick. Would love to chat another time, though. DM me?
Chanel West Coast is a dope rapper
So what's everyone doing tonight for ?
Thanks so much for your kind words! Thanks for spreading the word about us & let us know if you have questions.
Happy Mothers' Day, mom. I wish you'd stop being so hateful toward gay people.
at the movies with
Since everyone is different, finding eyeglasses that look good on you can be challenging. Try different styles for that perfect pair.
I wanna read it!!
My prayers go out for everyone & their families that were involved in the plane crash tonight in DeLand
I want a onion bagel with a LOT of cream cheese
#YouShouldNever be afraid to be yourself.
EVERYBODY ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT!!! #OneDirection #ScreamingItInTheCar &
Come in tomorrow at 1030 for the Fabulous 4's and 5's Storytime!!
Addicted to SOA!! Love this show
Thanks girl! Still have a lot of work to do but decided just to launch it while it's in progress. :D
k i might have to go somewhere later, but i really wanna do something!!
The pain doesn't go away, you just make room for it.
I hope God will bring you back to me
o u think this is bad u just wait there's madd jordans coming out this year
#Madonna is doing her thing, with the Cleo-inspired show. "Age cannot wither her"
Atlanta supporters...Check us out LIVE today on #TV57 at 10pm on the Bobby Hurd Show!
I miss playing music on my record player. Poor thing is collecting dust.
please don't ever stop doing what you do. I would cry if you ever stopped, you are too amazing.
No sexual perversion, please!
We hope you had a wonderful time!
GM pulls Facebook Ads - no Facebook ads don't sell cars, but exposure does
so excited to create my new electronic rig W . new Yamaha electronic drums !!! lets go !
We take off this morning for Virginia
None of them as lovely as you, I'm sure. <bats eyes>
says the snow show is over.
Dang! You still rockin fanny packs?!?! L A M E
amani- i feel so asian and black right now i have chicken flavored noodles!
oh yea *jumps up and down*
trying to remind myself why it's good for students to write a primary source analysis paper every week when trade-off is me grading them!
Tune in to between 12pm-1pm to hear our CEO Alistair Crane's take on the christmas app boom
well then you will be here at 1 perfect
rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!!! :D #PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th <U+2665>
Exalt the LORD our God and worship at his footstool; he is holy. Psalm 99:5
Operation Bacon truffles and beer reductions in full swing!
Had McDonalds for the 1st time in months. Should have went to
Loved Nicki's performance!
#ff the new
yeah especially for those of us with big boobs
Dayum. Lesnar is straight up putting this fool in his place right now.
I forgot there was a fee for everything in LA. :/
If we lived in the 50s-60s, I think I would have married someone in the italian mob, definitely.
drummer baby to the splash pad
That you did. Nice picks.
agreed, and there's also 345 D1 Men's basketball programs. 25 of them isn't that many.
Stay hydrated!
follow me please!!<U+2764>
i knew Bohananon was gonna say goodmorning to me.....
Just finished work for the day and headed to the airport for part II of my Birthday celebration.
absolutely. It's pretty awesome. I would love to live long enough to hit that mark!
So confused...Everytime I see "him" I smile...Everytime I get a text message from "him" I smile...why won't I just admit I like him already?
Lol, you guys really do love
come visit me in Iowa and I will make you some food :)
Lmao @"something" - I agree! :) RT : Awesome stuff! Sapp having to do something to make cash... hope #Cubs GM is not joking..
I really hate car accidents!
Thank you for retweeting Mandy's blog! Hope you have a great weekend!! :-)
Perfect RT : Maybe if Mubarak had killed 1 little girl instead of 1000s of Egyptians Nancy Grace would cover his trial.
me too and its only 11 am
Trivia Answer: Pasquale Di Fabrizio (aka cobbler to the stars), was the man behind many of Rick's fabulous on-stage boots.
I never noticed that, what's in there?
Oh gosh, awful advice! Film acquired in the '80s or '90s - at a Post Office auction, no less - isn't likely to be nitrate.
I will never understand how does their sizing. The pair of perfect khakis I ordered in my usual size were about 2 sizes too big!
I'm on twitter woohooo
so mean
happy cinco de mayo to all u guys and the world lol
Are we talking THIS Thurs/Fri or next week?
2 they try to be proud of they're team in a colts pro shop
I love how and I both apparently hate texting, yet we do it like 500 times a day.
My mother is incredible. She has too much energy for this planet and she's the greatest film fan I know. I love you.
ng! Agh. Twitter seems to be a great leap backward. Like trashing our phones and getting back to the telegraph.
Thanks, that was fun! I'll tag others now :)
Didn't bet money on Jim's Decision to win, but did hit the $62 exacta by keying Crestatorre for second. Lucked out w/photo.
love you man.
Can't wait to see you at Teen Hoot! Going to be awesome!
Oh no! Too bad the app didn't exist back then... ;)
Rules of life: #1 trust god. #2 love your family. #3 deal with choir. #4 no pufters.
I picked up the iPad back in November and have been crazy about it. So much so, I opted for a MacBook Air for a new comp.
that was a fun weekend. now back to trying to make the world zappy.
Thanks. Yeah it was fun to see all the spectators cheering and playing music along the course.
thanks mike for the follow
Closing Remarks from Dr. Kenny G: "You have been sited by NSSE as being one of the most engaged student bodies in the nation!"
>>not yet..maybe tonight or tomorrow...is it a cool spot to drink too? Or just restaurant?
Oh yeah!!! RT daisy duke Thursday[; “ A Little Bit of Texas tonight =) oh and saturday haha”
We agree! This is a beautiful campus! We'll cross our fingers for you. is a great place to be.
I wonder if more girls were willing to act like ladies, more guys would feel challenged to be gentlemen
It is quite warm in Dinkytown today! We are looking forward to a cooler evening with
#ifyougive a book to a child you open up their world.
where do you get that at? sounds amazing!
Excellent chat planning and Time/Topic management! #meded and
People annoy me. Like go do one.
you should come to Holland. :$
I am now applying #moneyball to every project at work.
WOOT WOOT #Pens Won!! Now I just need the Rangers to win the baseball game and my night will be complete
If I meet a girl that is sexy that can rap I might have to wife her up. We wouldn't even fight we'd just battle it out
I love a thick ass redbone..just that got errythang together like a dream woman right there!! lol
We take pride in offering our communities the level of service you could expect from a family run business. We invite you to be a part of o
Gearing up to get back into the studio for LP album! Recording 12 new songs by christmas!!
in duval county it does with the bonnet in dey head
Having the hottest best friend ever >>>
« Being in a relationship with a #taurus is like an invitation to live the 'good life'.»
starting to think this needs to be an iniative - in conjunction with Google or?
Hey coffee lovers... might revive this handle with a Whitefish Bay twist. First order of business: it is imperative that I consume coffee.
yes that movie is a trip. Make sure you have a good gyno.
Last day at before moving to the Big D...sad and excited!
I'm guilty too! Had my running clothes laid out with good intentions, but the cold and wet seemed like such a good excuse...
That was the best D ND has played all night
haha its ok . we accept you thinky or not :D
Leadership is influence. Learn to be a leader who inspires others toward greatness.
Dreaded words from #Mets owner Fred Wilpon: "As long as I can, I plan to be the owner here." Let's..Go..CUBS!??? Can't endure this any more
RT : The average Lilith client is a single, 25-y/o #mom of two in her first trimester.
Dana man....you guys head to Nashville!? of all places? Phoenix man...PHX! Hotbed!
Third coffee of the day seemed like a great idea in the 10th hr of my day. Not so much going into hr 20.
In a creepy cab: porn tacked to the ceiling and a bobble head cat on the dash with a sign that says "Look I am Garfield." It isn't Garfield.
RT : Women are less than one-third of the speakers | I count 43 men and 14 women among confirmed speakers
have fun picking cotton
congratulations! What an impressive writeup!
For those about to spend hours transcribing interviews I conducted, I'm sorry.
!!! RT is a strong 'maybe' for brewco tonight.
Read about NOLA charter schools in the economist, cited the Cowen Institute.
I got a tetanus shot Wednesday & my arm hurts so bad. It's swollen & I can't shake this headache... Calling dr. This am.
I was really hoping the Mega Millions numbers they picked tonight were going to be Hurley's numbers from Lost
Some people just have to know the #priorities of others.
My dad brought home a snapping turtle and said hes gunna kill it and eat it. Guess who's letting it go tomorrow? :)
Back from a rainy soccer game but my daughter's team won 2-0 so can't complain
If you need to spread the word about anything, you should sign up on OneFreeAd.com and post it! It's completely free and new! :D
Really looking forward to this flight. Small cramped regional jet and 7 screaming kids (current count- but I think they are reproducing)
so... I have an idea and I need your shirt making advice! Send me a private message with a good number to call?
i sat here for 10 minutes typing a text that i couldnt send to you <
Maybe I should just start whoopin ass until the bullshit stops
Agreed. I've been meaning to pick it up myself. Let me know what you think if you do. :)
thank u, sweetie! Are u a Nashvillian too?!
Many thanks to Brian Balboa for stepping in to help us out!!!
Do you wanna make some money?
you are the only Cindy I know! Tee hee! :-)
Bang Bang!!
Stupid question, but whats a "TWITCON"?
To all! Amazing benefit show for the is happening in Norwalk, OH. Find Music Saves on Facebook
I wanna try something new at Starbucks today. I'm taking suggestions.
I will not allow others to determine the value of my Self.
Is Torchlight 2 a worthy competitor of Diablo's? *or* Is the future of gaming for indies or the big developers?
Can't wait to get to Brooklyn. Love the Polar Bear Pete tank... send me an email so we can meet up!
Hope you're having a great weekend. :)
he invented apple/ mac products
omg I would kill my computer.
Hoping to see all of our Lafayette friends this Thursday at The Office!
Ahh idk it just came to me. Anyway thanks I was lucky to be born with a 'hot' English accent. (:
happy early 18th birthday(:
Today: one teenage student to another (with slight look of disdain) "Why are you so tan?"
Going to walk 12 miles to navy pier. Beautiful evening. BFF leaving for NYC tomorrow, the day she gets back I leave for florida,
just that pic
amazing weekend ahead...hell yea I'm looking forward to it:))))
Fantastic article. I can't say enough great things about We did her EIGHT in 2010.
I am up -it is 4:16AM! Preparing the Green Chile Chicken with Rice Soup of the day and planning my day.
Fuck this bus ride...
Rosey, you are amazing. So cool. Thanks! I can get it from you tomorrow or Monday? What is your plan tonight?
Good point. 2 of the 4 Dudes left & it quieted down. It was the 1st time we had any loud or distracting stuff. Hope its over
Mother Love Bone Thugs 'N' Harmony
nahh, the clog-posites didn't do well at all back in 2001
Rickie Weeks is batting above .150
What about TLR?...probably the same answer though.
FOLLOW He can get YOU alot of FOLLOWERS!
i cant wait to see the new viedo somebody to love :)
the fast red fox jumped over the boring dog.
When can you do wild shit? In college! Duh
sup cunts hit me up
I was about to cry if got hurt.
sadly no im leaving him here ):
I don't need nobody cause I'm sexy to me. You keep doing you tonight cause I'm doing me.
HAHAHA what a shout out!!!! K Team forevz
You guys rule! Thanks for following me! :) You need to follow if your not already! :)
Watchin how to rock awesome but shake it up is awesomer N3RD is the W0rd!!!
I hate the USA hockey team and I dont give a fuck what people think, it does not make me unamerican, it isnt a god damn war
Nebaska is giving Oklahoma all they want and more.
So it turns out that I dont want to get away from technology... I just dont want to pay $100+ for my iPhone. #BOOurns!
That's why I like a family recipe - keep it exclusive, keep it alive!
RT : Q5: do other fellow runners count as wildlife :D? #runchat // Lol! Agree.
2 hours until doors open! Get you shorts, T's, bikinis and whatever beach wear you can find to rock out in on this themed PLAY!
toward the end: "some of the aesthetic choices that seem preferred by functional programmers can make debugging…
It's like everyone is interested in sex know It's really wierd to me
yes I do.
you tell me to just forget and move on but its not that easy. you dont understand.
Getting ready for EDUCAUSE 2011. Any "can't miss" sessions you'd recommend?
“ I'm back from vacation with 2 broken ribs, a torn miniscus, and a fractured anus. Ill see you tonight at 11pm.”
can I get a RT. it's my 40th today. A mans dieing wish. Haha!!!
I'm a lover not a fighter
Apt, to-the-point headline from the Inuvik newspaper (Northwest Territories, Canada): Fox bites girl.
Ah man tonight was fun!!! #Life'sGood(:
whats good! Maximizing every moment.
Recording with , , and Cognac
on the gang I remember dat
This bus is packed ..
Wait WTF just happened
haha! that and cooking chili is really the best use for it.
didn't have room in my RT for the wink, so here it is ;)
agree--i don't care about the BFing/motherhood questions, just the pure insanity of doing ANYTHING for attention
when is it
Are you doing some crazy protesting?
Follow the LSP cast members, or die trying!
Thank you so much for your kind words! Maybe we can do an interview about my new solo CD...blessings to you!
are they sober and drug free?
Friends! THE THIN MINT BLAST STILL LIVES! But not for much longer! Stop on by and celebrate the last few weeks of school!
thanks for the follow! :)
#first40songsonshuffle 29. I Hate Myself For Loosing You- Kelly Clarkson
Just found out my son doesn't know who the Wonder Twins are.
If anyone wants 16 free wallets, will hook you up!
I donated to #pantenebeautifullengths They've given over 10,000 wigs for free, whereas LOL gives only 300py
My 45,000 tweet goes to my idol I love you so much thank you for everything you do for us Mahomies. mwahh.
Thanks for the mention Wildman!! Hope you have a very Merry Christmas!:)
We all do RT Who needs grammar nowadays?!?!
still hasn't sent our new track! What's going on bro??
app that analyzes which credit cards would maximize your rewards, based on your current spending.
Catch #Dolphins alum broadcasting LIVE from #NapletonHyundai in West Palm today until 12p. What did you learn this weekend?
6 pm can't come soon enough...this day is crawling along.
Thanks Alli! I love it too ;)
Thank you for retweeting about the auction.
Aww!! RT : Paul knows his whole entire alphabet. He sings em from A to Z all day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Note to self: you do not live in LA anymore. Get. An Effing. Jacket.
I will never <U+2665> someone as mean as you!
Caution when using Franny's Ped. Pal "Dance naked & let your cheekys SMILE! Some advice, wear flip flops AND stay out of the streets he-hee
Network (1976)=The Best Christmas Gift ever. The golden age of cinema will always be for me late 60s - late 70s. Swoon over Faye Dunaway...
LOL, your tweet put a smile on our faces... #TGIF!
RT : Anyone awake? :) ~ Yep! #TeamNoSleep is still in effect lol :D
I'm certainly not complaining. ;-)
I was just forced to get naked for my dermatologist for a head to toe examination. Awkward.
who wants to buy a house
These interesting projects are really cutting into my late night tv watching.
Not so great day.. maybe sleep will make it better hm..
why are Americans such drug abusers? Is it just an affluence thing?
why did I call him boss D: ?
Man , a lot of good laughs today at work ..
Can't stop thinking about how bad the old me screwed the new me out of a chance with the girl of my dreams
Just posted a video of me and Cesar Millan, "The Dog Whisperer - A message of encouragement and hope for college grads and job seekers".
How in the world do policemen & women like Lt. John Pike sleep at night? His actions were utterly disturbing.
If gov't keeps raising the tax on cigs they'll become a luxury item...which is...genius.
Thank you!
doing homework. yeah. not exactly proud of myself right now...
it goes everywhere. Literally.
Thanks, Sarah! Glad you like them. Appreciate the comments!
text me what happened
baby ily so much my mum is fucked up and please please forgive me i miss and love you and you mean the whole universe 2 me x
Happy Thanksgiving!...hope everyone has a wonderful day with loved ones and friends..so blessed <3 <3
Kit's OK. Loving that (new?) blue-and-red circle cannon logo though.
Not yet!
you got it girl!!!
At today for TEDxSF. Such a beautiful space. Nice group.
I cannot star this hard enough.
Just my opinion and nothing less. Just makes absolutely no sense at all to go that far and have a hissy fit and quit.
Happy Easter!!
Been chewing on a possible piece for a few days. Sometimes it is hard to howl, or howl constructively.
"Perhaps creating something is nothing but an act of profound remembrance"--Rainer Maria Rilke.
You did amazing!
Remember whn Reagan said age shldn't B an issue, "I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent’s youth and inexperience.”
"A wireless reach project involves partners including local 3G operator & nonprofit; must align w/gov ICT"-Erica Whinston
I think I'm the only person cold as hell under the cover
Thunderstorm rolling in... just realized I left the back bedroom window open. Result: wet cat bed and likely cranky cat. Could be worse.
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions
Happiness doesn’t come from getting what you want, it comes from appreciating what you have.
You should see the cranky pants I've been wearing recently. I work in Everett until fairly late, so after 5 is good.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no followers and was tweeting out to the universe lol
whats good nate, what u up 2?
#InsuranceCoverage-Health care packages are available that can be customized to your business. Let Linton & Associates help. 505-247-1530
how is your paper coming?
"How to steal One Direction's heart. 1. Go under the lights. 2. Then turn around."
the closest he's coming to my town is 4 hours away. it sucks :P
No she is not... Im sitting in class alone -_-
just made my wildest dreams come true. That said, who's a Wordpress guru? I haz questions.
koolio! So like what time is it where u live!!?
NO PENALTY?!?! That is total BS. Poor Hossa. Hoping he's okay.
Go register to vote this week (3/19-23) at Medgar Evers College from 11am to 7pm in the B, S & AB1 building lobbies.
RT : Q4) How can you use social more to improve your own learning?
no joke that happened to me last year. Ugh!!
will do, thanks
In 1890, journalist Elizabeth Cochrane Seaman aka Nellie Bly travel around the world in 72 days. Celebrate Women's History Month.
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber has more followers than President Obama RT if you Love Justin Bieber .
LIVE from Scranton PA: Syracuse NETS vs Royals, this will be the first game MJ's 8th/14U National team will have this season.
#onthelastdayofschool they let us throw a party every time.
Would anyone watch cover videos of Ascension and/or Look to the Stars? We could make them...it wouldn't be too much to ask.
I dream about you at night, and now our paths are about to cross again....Glazed Pork Belly at Redd here we come! You don't stand a chance!
No matter what you say to me I won't be able to smile. No one knows how much I have with her.
Feeling regretful really sucks <
Totally creepy... Why does everything shady seem to come from Africa these days? Like all those money scams and blood diamonds.
Can yall believe who da lakers gettin #not a fan #lets go CELTICS AND #lets go HEAT
See our Great 1/2 Price Burgers and Orange & Grapefruit Crushes 4-close!
Shout me out# [:
Oh you got accepted into a technical school? That must have been really difficult for you.
Trying to look for flights home is depressing.
Damn cat should've clipped Ade's hamstrings.
got an apt at 910 so anytime after apt shud be done by 10ish
I can't exactly say my new iPhone is changing my life vs my old Droid... But I will say I appreciate the screen capture function!
thx for the follow! Look forward to connecting!
Heading to the Hill tmw for briefings (loving this Congressional Relations course!) what are the chances will lunch with me?!
Here's a tough 1: find a pretty girl in a white dress, set up a hair dryer to blow up her dress & fire away! Tomorrow: the yawn & stretch.
Yes, there are classes today!!!
Do you have the billboards by you too?
...well I'm glad your blessed in music.... But you still suck at answering your phone!!!
Crying you know. Got fed up though
Looking forward to starting my Internet Marketing fundamentals class with at Northeastern University next Thursday.
Congratulations to Paul Pierce for passing Larry Bird and becoming the #Celtics 2nd All-Time Leading Scorer
Now I wish I could be a cheerleader
Hi Gayle, I got your mail about the website, will try to get an answer ASAP
I got a new job at the University Bookstore, goodbye Nordstrom, and your horrible drama and ridiculous hours!
It's been a while twitter.. hoping to fall back in love with you soon :)
how many tickets will you win? :D haha
under investigation by the FBI for not truely knowing all of his Facebook Friends ! Like you REALLY know that guy across the grill from you?
“: CRUSASERS WIN!!! Stephens delivers game-winning 3 to propel Men's Basketball to 64-61 victory over Sewanee (TN).”
I wonder when the new Hooray for Everything album comes out..
tell him to call Stone Canyon Promos reagarding t-shirts!
should be good, and the kids too!
New testament with my breakfast!
in AP magazine in the undiscovered bands things i just read the "rocks like" part to determine if i care
Damn got burnt mowin the lawn
moving in with my daddy.
Pillow talk. I'm trying to, but it's not happening...
In heaven there's a room that's just ear swabs
Really love the one shoulder dress on Emily & champagne color. Very elegant and again, perfect hair
Found it. It's in the Pedagogy section, Universal Design, ADA Compliance. It's called Accessibility Online.
Our techs are relieved! They'll take 65 over 99 degrees any day while working in black uniform pants!
We went to Saddle Ranch to eat and now were at American Junkies hanging out! You should come join us!
The Current TV Statement firing Olberman is awesome. You're fired...signed Al Gore.
Do not think about what the world needs; consider what makes you sparkle.
If you want something bad enough... you'll figure out how to get it. Focus your energy on a goal and make it happen.
Don't be a bore...be a whore :D jk
My life is so good right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
May God be with you and your family..So sorry for your loss...
I'm not embarrassed to admit I love Peeta.
Genius rainy day commuter award goes to girl wearing shower cap under her bike helmet.
"Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying!"
unless you're in business/first class :)
Day 1 of talladega in the books.. Wrappings up with dinner @ "The Ark" with the MRN crew..
Ik I was looking at that in the interview im like does anyone else notice that
#PFRomanReloaded beautiful sinner, roman holiday, hov lane are my JAMS...loved lil' wayne on Roman Reloaded
#APUSH I will dominate you...with the help of
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
lol! GOP nothing if not consistent in bizarre twisted 'logic.' can't win on merits: lie!
How silly of me to think I could use my for a mani/pedi anytime this YEAR.
Awesome presentation yesterday, thanks for lending your insight and experience!
My mom comes home with cotton candy for me.. She knows me to well:) I love cotton candy
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family & Friends
yo I be going to your show on tues oct 4. cant wait!
what can't you come see #gatsby?
Aw I got my first happy mothers day wish today. Feels kinda awesome
#jerzday #thenihitthatdougie ....and all them bitches love me :)
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
LOL where are u?
Watching the at the Sig House. Love all the brothers snapping every time introduces himself
in your hometown today! Hope you are doing well Bay
I hate being sick w/ a PASSION ) :
Lazy Sunday watching The Godfather. 40 years later....still genius.
We look forward to seeing Robert Whitley & 's Ira Gourvitz today at Dobson's to taste Ira's award winning wines.
how u doing when u in la
Still have free passes to go see "Beats Rhymes & Life" documentary about A Tribe Called Quest. 7/14 @ 730p @ Landmark on Clark. Tweet me.
Hmm the pizza is rising up in the middle so I guess I didn't flatten it out enough. We'll have to excavate!
Do I turn you on & on when I kiss you baby? Does the sound of me wantin you drive you crazy? Do I have your love ? Am I still enough? <3 .
Can't stand anyonee anymore .. swear to god .. #AllSoftball .
Takin shit down we ain't like the price...
RT Listening allows understanding. Understanding allows compassion. Compassion allows positive change.
Yes!!! Would love to have you! RT : Will have to come visit soon...
oh okay
Just finishing last night's Idol. Whaddaya know...Phil can actually SING! Perfect final choice by Jimmy, beautifully restrained performance.
66% of employees have quit their jobs...they just haven't left the building. Susan Schneider
lol he was very candid & I loved it
The power in all relationships lies to the one ho cares less. - Connor Mead, Ghost of Girlfriend's Past
I'm hoping for the same. Really love US Cellular service/coverage, so having an iPhone option would be sweet.
Can't wait RT : RT if you're excited for a new episode of Breakout Kings tonight at 10/9c on !! :)
I need a leash for my rats, like asap
First time in Vegas n I'm feel sick as hell
These city lights make me feel alive.
Looking at stuff for the SAT
LOL! GOOD ONE! You knew I would be all over that! LOL
Webster's Says it is, learned something new today...well played
"Parents call in your children" is one of the silliest, most naive things I've ever heard someone say to end a riot.
Selection of World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USA-visit MandelaArt.com today!
Who, who will be Untoward's 200th "like"? I wish I had prizes to offer.
I hope to see u in Ky if ur going to race that weekend
Making a mental note...
oh ok. have fun with that wonderful mother of yours and I shall see you next Sunday.
": I hate a dirty house hoe lol she need to clean house #hoarders type nasty shit" owe bitch qone beat yho ass
James Diommare,originally from Abbotsford,BC, will be one of five North American magicians to appear in The Illusionists at the Opera House
Thanks for the follow!
If you're interested in being a TEDxUChicago2012 volunteer join us at 6:30pm TONIGHT in Stuart 104!
nah I wouldn't wanna steal your job ;)
what pain brub?
Love the local thing!! We are fortunate to have some awesome brewers!! All Saints IPA is balanced & good. Helltown Rapture IPA is excellent
Lord please guide the spoke folk teens further into your Word. They are making changes to effect everyone around them. Can you say the same?
Hey ! I've got a proposition for you. Get back to me so we can talk shop- Good to see you last Robotic. Keep up the good work.
Oww, my face hurts... Because I'm so hella beautiful xD OK NO!
I don't care how "special" you are. You just can't do that in public.
the table that's talking now
No one ever really wants my help, but you can surely have it anytime you need it. Because that's how i do things.
not well. The stress levels are really high.
looks like it...I is confusssseeeddd
I think Philly wins that trade. Tyreke and Rudy is a major haul. The Kings probably say no though.
can u go shopping with me?
Falling asleep while troubleshooting network connections in the Middle East...
driving home from camping...fighting to stay awake.
Haha a three way belt.
Yea that's pretty much how it went.
At my alma mater RT : Weyeneth: wall constructed by slaves, one brick still has handprint of slave IN THE BRICK!
or they think your attraction unless they have a angry face.
JOBS aren't the only concern Peggy! Get over yourself!#womensrights#gayrights#studentloans#
Beautiful San Diego weather today. I hope all you non cubicle bound people can enjoy it. Walking slowly to work to savor each moment.
RT Sorry,run down ex girlfriend.I can't talk right now inside of Sheetz because you have oxy pebbles rolling out of your nose
Austin yes season tickets.
Why is he dribblin in circles like that? Hahaha
Currently in the fanciest Target I've ever seen!
noticed an #Indians team shop special for the month of May on my calendar Spend 60$ at a team shop & get 2 lower bowel tickets
Thats where I first met you. Its special! LOL
and I just made plans to take over the world..
if you're on Virgin there's a plug between your seats.
He want's to keep his uniform though....for the night clubs.
nichole i love youu! Can i get a follow? (: <U+E022>
Be careful if you are ready to buy the dips, might be in for quite a ride now. Bids could disappear as funds cause forced liquidations.
Whats yours is yours! No one can take it, U can only forfeit it!
You're welcome. <3
Who needs Obama and Romney when u can
No way. NL Central is better than AL with teams. Also Cubs are a good rival, they spend $$$ at Miller Park. So Berkman is a berk.
What are the better odds, UK winning the SEC championship or going to jail tonight?
Oh that wuz on purpose
too bad Mogo bit the dust in War of the Green Lanterns sounds like you could have used a vacation :-\
What a comeback #Celtics way to grind guys!
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I've become that woman. I've been gone a whole day and I miss my puppy uncontrollably. Judge away!
Stay classy #BBN. Stop being bitches and tweeting 18 tear old kids with such nonsense RT
Pls RT- “Like” our FB because Sheraton ABQ Airport is ‘Like Nowhere Else.’ Be entered to win a $100 Visa gift card...
FINALLY!!!!!! A hit with
58 min before #xfactor. Please show my unbelievable, extraordinary singing!
Seriously don't know where to start with packing for my trip!
love ur tweets
um I would be out of steam as well if I were you ...lol outing in some work out here
end of semester bucket list is gettin some work done
so badly
Cant deal with this game. Really dont want game 7
confirmation bias, I suspect. They heard the "data" for our de-socialization first.
thanks so much for your vote! please pass it on so your organization can receive the donation!
Happy National Chocolate Chip day.
RT : On Take Your Child To Work Day I'm renting a van, wearing a balaclava & participating in Take Your Child From Work Day
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world it's just the end of a world that you have with one guy.
Thank you so much!!!
I use music as a solution to all my problems.
This video tribute to a rapper who changed your life will play after we attempt to sell you our shitty & superfluous product with ass
United we stand, divided we fall.
please follow my girl for her birthday!! Would mean the world to her!
Come down for monday, tickets will be like 50
God please guide me
Better Experience is in the house and psyched to get back in the swing
Pull any good pranks yesterday? Salt in the sugar shaker is a classic!
Progress might have been all right once but it has gone on too long.
Tiny Asian lady strangers are more considerate than the dudes I'm on this trip, jeez!
My hair today.. <<
well it may not be #NSD but atleast I finally got m subway :D yumm . B]
ayah gonzalez is online.
I'll be playing when it comes out, as a Necro or Mesmer, but I really hope that at release, zones don't get stuck at 95% forever
swag n grind,the best,one more chance need it by 4/20 just hook em up make it radio quality
phomollient! I use it everyday!
Im loving it, i wish it would rain harder
Enjoyed your presentation on What Would Core Do at #wcmia Attention to detail separates good from great! Loved the car pics too
I just finished my last Spanish assignment
My 8mo daughter has the devastating disease Cystic Fibrosis but we hope w/support like urs 1 day CF will stand 4 CURE FOUND!
quit blaming us, we had nothing to do with it....... Wait, what?
At work my man...... what's up with you?
Seriously I can't change this light bulb. Help wanted.
Find your #identity in Christ.
I think Ted and Mac pick young talent over experience and cuts Peprah.
fall retreat was great!!
hey please tell pioli to pick orson charles. would make the chiefs super dangerous offensively!
love that song!
My Lil sister crazy we was just listen to live my life and when it goes off she said that's when Rihanna wasn't crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Just hype it for what doe?
If you're looking to buy or sell a home,contact us today to find out how our current distressed market may affect you www.TheOertelGroup.com
ditto guys! It was awesome to hang with you. Sorry we still have your tape :-/
Sure seems to be a lot of latency on tonight.
Hi Eva! Welcome to my caffeinated world :)
That really was a Hattori Hanzo sword!
I think I might give up Facebook for Lent.
I'm bout to get apartment and get hella referrals and get a gwap and move back to momma crib lol
you're so lucky!!
Yea, I was really disappointed. Watery.
Geez! We dont play the Rangers right?
#DontBeScared of the hurricane.We are going to be fine <3
Thursday, Movie night at Salute! Remember as the sun comes out our patio will be open and we will have movie outside!
#NetworkedNY . . . Shollette argues that large amounts of unnoticed undocumented creative work make art worlds possible.
check out he's my nomination; real great guy~wants to help my class/students
but we had an awesome adventure!!! And I clearly just got up Lol
drinking wine and drawing stick figures and writing the words that come out of their mouths. Yep.
It can make you chuckle when you see "GREEN ADS" after you know what green is...
Chief Justice Roberts gives Obama a curt greeting, looks down, ending it. All you need to know.
thanks for listening today to my rambles on the biz!
Only good things I hope. Haha! Miss you so much too! I think the West Coast is calling my name again. ;)
#YouCuteAndAllBut you talk shit about my school too much.
Listening to E-40's " you & dat " makes me wanna start dancing again! Fcken flyer party's and their badass memories man lol
Don't be a drag, just be a queen!
#MostUnderratedMusicArtists Catherine Wheel
"Victoria even if you were in a relationship with Hitler you would want to wear the pants" -Tamara... ha ha!
Who do #single people go to the movies with?
Thanks for coming to see Red We see you grabbed our new season brochure (hot off the presses!).
I'll be up with you if you need to vent
im currently teaching myself to write nines from the bottom up. I think they look good.
What's happening tonight? I'm tryna not be sober.
RT : The only team growth sport in 2010 was basketball, which did $1.362 billion in sales of gear, uniforms & cleats (SGMA)
Just spent all my itunes $$$ on a bunch of songs <3
haha sorry I was trying to RT your facebook dating tweet bc I thought it was very interesting, but i guess i hit the wrong link :)
Because of my friends. I'm addicted to #Twitter once again. Follow me and #tweet me? [:
Friends, i know your intentions are good but for the last time, i did NOT get nominated for an Oscar, please stop bringing it up. Thanks.
Another day of work.. Go Spurs Go
Those are actually just re-packaged, same product inside and I believe it's an official, above-the-board deal. Have 2 myself.
Oh man. Back lashing on emotions are fun.
Oh crap. French quiz. X
good morning !!!
um no i didnt!! u have 2 be with someone 2 dump them!!
Can still not connect to staff. I worry the paid plans will have similar issues. Also, your status page does not reflect the issue.
AAAHHHHAAA Miami lost at home!!
Just got home from seeing Hunger Games. You were right. It did not disappoint!
Happy Hour starts at 11 come enjoy great food and drink specials all day
They better not do a Rocky Horror remake because his name was Robert Paulsen.
why do so many people complain about their parents? keep that stuff to yourself.
Thanks for reading! MT : Nice write-up yesterday on the WHP funding debate. Clarified a few details I didn't know.
I like the idea of creating ritual around participation.
I always get a little freaked out when the are around. starts getting into Hell on Wheels mode and that's scary.
crying makes me cry!! Don't cry baby!!!
"You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly."
OMG OLYMPICS COMMERCIALS OMG OMG
": Travis Porter #FromDay1 album release May29th...&& they will be in #ClubLibra"
hey man, got your message. I'll give you a call on Friday, my cell service is brutal up here.
Individuals may form communities, but it is institutions alone that can create a nation.
100% accurate RT : Student-athletes don't need to be "policed" on social media. need to be educated/empowered to use it well
happy holidays to you too!!
thanks so much Yuki. You were amazing
I don't care if it is the person's last name.. this is not the best headline for a press release: Stoner Receives Appreciation Award
Truefact: Alka-Seltzer Plus® Night Cold Formula makes modern-day Pythias of us all. Attend, ye slumbering in your sickbeds, and prophesy.
That is the perfect job for you! Did suggest it?
So much homework I wouldn't be surprised if my hands fall off, yay!
PaulColyer, if you think ESPN has been fair with this, well go back to watching FoxNews and believe it all
Yes Please :) How can we make that happen?
Grandma, I love you<U+2764> R.I.P
that's kind of awkward. Haha.
Thank you .. just followed you!
I think I have a fear of bothering people. Getting on their nerves. Being where I'm not wanted. Perhaps I've just known too many jerks.
More bribe money? *shrugs* RT : This is getting ridiculous. What does it take to get a foul called on them defensively?
DW Morgan featured in Fortune Small Business July/August as a #supply #chain co using innovative app for iphone
Bbq at house today will be a good time. Those coming over make sure to enter the sliding gate on wade street.
thanks! That will be awesome!
Shop and make a difference! we will donate $1 of every purchase to Japan's earthquake victims htpp://diamondstosilver.com
can't wait to see ABDC tonight :-)
#shocktheworld looking forward to it Lions!
Thanks man! We are almost there! Everything is right on schedule ;)
Don't be scared to take risks. If you succeed you become happy. If you fail you become wise.
Joint naval drills highlight warming ties
congrats. Glad for mike.
Oh, and happy April 1st!
Lmfao she's a Retard
People take a stand!!! They are already cheating in ward7 election.
We're gonna be this weekend. Come get the sweet treats!
I'm killing them hoes like Jason .
So happy for my IPhone update!
the one day I leave you go to the beach, turkey
"Polished brass will pass upon more people than rough gold." ~Lord Chesterfield... Really LOOK at what you see. ;)
RT : "What are they gonna say about him? That he was a kind man? That he was a wise man? Bullshit, man!" Dennis Hopper, RIP
I can't go either :"( an I'm so close just a 8 hour flight from LA
ya, that would be easy! just 2 blocks from the action
About to sleep like a baby,,, busy day tomorrow,,,
Yes, Bush is still closed today.
I wish I could fuck my dog
Ilia Delio, OSF is giving a workshop for the Sisters of St. Joseph today about Leadership in Christ in Evolution in Illinois
My favorite film maker is Tim Burton
While scuba diving, it's possible for an air space to develop in filled teeth which have eroded. Avoid pain & get regular dental check ups!
You're aces. Thanks! Ah, Love Me Nots are incredible! Sexy garage rock/spy/pop. Check em out. If you dig it, I'll send u an LP.
i tried 2 send you a DM but i dont know if its going through or not
It seemed like every inspection was just preparation for the next inspection. The field/humping the radio was almost a break
Friends I was hacked. So sorry for DM's saying bad rumors are being spread about you. That's a lie! Changed password, hopefully all good now
Hi Everyone! Go check out the article that #FortWorthStarTelegram is putting out about one of my properties on Oct 23rd.
Harry! Guess what?! I love you. A lot. Thank you for everything. I'm so proud of you!<U+2665> :') xx
no but my scrubway sure did!
I'm right here.
Oh KG... Keep knocking em down.
All our Twitter family...HAPPY THANKSGIVING!! "Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies."~Charles Jefferson
Are you going to Motionless In White tomorrow?
5-60 years is sentencing range for #Huguely's two convictions. Jury is deliberating now.
We want you to join us one day! (Or one night - tonight! - for just $12)!
Crushing Morgan Webb, what else is new? Whenever she hosts aots or does those "Tiny Morgan" bits I light up. Wish she'd replace Munn.
Just straightened my hair in record time lol
Time or playoffs! #Spurs and Jazz today. #GoSpursGo Be sure to show some love to today's arena host
9:41 and I'm sleepy. This is a good thing
Last Day of Annual Inventory Sale: 20-80% off all wine, BOGO, Food and Merchandise Sales, $2 glasses of Chard, Rose, and More! Ends at 6pm!
Did you stay home this #BlackFriday, eat left over stuffing and work on that term paper? Tell us what you're up to!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they understand digital media and travel adventure!
Yeah you know I needa' suppaafreakk
no we're sorry, we open for lunch during the summer and then only serve dinner during the winter
thanks nuthorn! It's fun so far :)) how's everything with you?
I'd call the cops to be honest.
Omg all I can say is God is good all the time.
« I love My followers <U+2665>»
If tebow wins the superbowl the illumanati is out there heavy
Symposium Chair and University of Texas at #Austin Professor Calmon Alves is opening up
I would still have my linebacker stature, but being back home around the alcohol...yeah...i'ma lineman for a while
aww... he could save you money on car insurance!
Will do on keeping up the good work & thanks for the support. Butter, beef fat, lard - all so much tastier & good for you.
It's almost the end of our spring semester (we get out early). Not looking forward to the crazy times!
Back from the road... back to mixing my record POOF!!!!
Eating olives don't run in my family neither...90% of them mercadels and scott's eat ice...ice ice ice all day long
I also really wanna drive around bethel at midnight with and bro out. Taco Bell included
After yesterday's win over the Mariners, the Brewers are 19-3 and still in first place in the AL East.
Make plans to join us on November 6th at the Marquis Theater downtown with Warner Drive!
oh and you won!! That's awesome!
Ha My Bad
Just engaged a rental specialist and am thisclose to securing a temp place through ... #Orlando or bust!
Exactly. Pay what is necessary to bring in a difference maker, especially if they generate revenue!
Lol this late in the year?!?! I dont get homework!
I really enjoyed ur Mariah Carey artwork. The video was greatwork.
R.I.P to voice mails. Only reason I check my voice mail is to get rid of that symbol.
*Is she a Pagan? No but she was on charmed.*
Their Hollywood name would be Blackeye. That's probably not an Alycia original. It's still funny, though.
thanks, nina!
No, I left for a bit. There was some personal stuff going on, but now I think it helps to be on here...to laugh and to vent! :o)
Eastbound & Down
bro I am down!!!
Something's definitely afoot here... RT : Wisconsin has the look to me that they could be a top 3 to 5 team in the Country-EASY.
So my aunt wants me to run her liquor store up in Noblesville, idk if this is a good idea.
It's true. I got an email from talking about a viewing party for Game 4 at MSG.
a great day, volitility in the market means money can be made
do you think I'm pretty?
We are running a deal on Yelp! Get $20 for $10!
Good luck to you Charlie...Happy New Year...
Storms+classes < my bed
Hitting the bar at 5. Who's in?
DC should just say no to world's ugliest vending trucks.
why thank you! I believe you gotta love what you do and I do!
Happy 50th Birthday to the Memorial Coliseum. This day in 1960, the building hosted its 1st event, Holiday On Ice!
my bad. Had a long weekend. Haha. Ill send it within an hour.
Stay tuned in to your inner truth and her wisdom at all times.
----> RT : I was a better writer when I was emotionally unstable.
awww waking up to this made me so happy! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Sister is not amused at accompanying me and Mom to art museum. Keeps pointing at potted plants, saying, "Look, it's art."
My mom has an excuse for everything
yes! Maybe I'll make learning how to play a new snow-themed tune part of my evening.
When girls brag to their boyfriend's about finally shaving their legs
So glad you're hosting #Duets - now it's a must watch!
yep. I used to live off Edmond and Fretz. I could barely hear it after awhile
#nowwatching The Avengers. Yes!
I whip my hurr back and forth
hey simone I miss u I didnt see u today
Don't say something without think first! The best way to say somenting is by thinking first.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks! Someday, somewhere #excellit will happen.
You're adorable.
Follow back khalid
I've lost 4.5 pounds since i weighed in last week. Total of 10.5!! 10 more to go! #Focused and Determined :-)
Yes of course, I will talk to you then!
“Do not give yourself over completely to anybody.” - Toni Morrison
“: Gl to and one of the biggest sickos I know.......Farid jattin” ditto
Another solid practice. Keep it rolling
why nt share wth women hw nt to fall for the samething Eve did she did not realize she was already what he said!
Thank you for the mention! We hope gets a chance to see our #solar light bulbs in action in
Shakin My Head at She is Mean lol, wyd?
congrats Monica!
LVB is closed at Gass and Third- avoid when coming downtown for the next couple hours! use Maryland!
My exact thoughts too. I assume Reimold will be out a bit longer since Avery is up now.
Valentines Day comment: Besides diamonds, get extra points with a new kitchen or bathrrom from us. Call us 305-232-3344
The majority of Adrien Brody's movies are of him in situations where he is almost dead, he's a really good actor at playing tired and weak.
Looking forward to meeting with Tuesday to learn more about #EMAC at
Yeah, but how long till they go Kolb...the graphic they put up of Reid blowing a big lead in '99 gives some promise.
More lies? You're terrible.lol
Taylor Gang or drown in the Willy Wonka chocolate river.
uhh wait, what? Can we remedy this immediately?
I feel like puking... It's 3:05 am and I can't sleep...
yah but people do that at Lux.
uhg omg this Desperate Housewives is killing me. theres to much stuff going on cklndsklnvsjkdnvkdsnvskdlnvdslnvsdl
We had a ridiculously awesome time last night Indiana! Can't wait to come back! <3
Thankful for your Mom's homemade pie. Have a great holiday!
thanks and now I have something exciting to wake up to!! :))) #StupidSchool lol yep thts right I have school tomorrow :P
Saw at the Improv last night and the show was great. I wanted to say awesome, but...
Greinke/Lincecum is must-see TV.
did he mention it alot to bug you?
I hope everyone gets a lot of value from it.
This Thursday at 7 PM, join OVS & Rabbi Kassorla at OU For U Cafe in Sandy Springs for a delicious supper & lively discussion on Kabbalah.
That knee is finished.
walk coming up this weekend. Can't wait!
My legs are falling asleep, but it's worth it...
Sharon!!! How are you??
I Feel So Good Today..I Am Goin Outside And Enjoy This Day...Have A Blessed Day Facebook... *BMG*
: call me a naysayer but I kinda don't like it. Good memories of freezing my ass off at Chicago parades.
ello love. Friday I'll have a crew of like 15 for a bday, where will you be?
Busy, busy trying to keep everyones auditions & callbacks straight! I need something that will make the day longer so I can get more done!
Feelin great! Shoutz to everyone on they Friday Night Flow
GET TYO AS KICKED BY A NIGGA SMALLER THAN YOU DOODLE BOP NIGGGA *said extremly fast but fluently*.
you guys didn't say new student when came into your class.. Lol
Orange juice: making me feel human at ungodly hours of the morning since 1983.
RT : Today the bank began eviction process 4 homeowner Monique White. Join us tmrw 12pm 2 discuss plans to defend her home...
That's not an ERA. It's an Area Code.
I'd build you one of those, but it would involve... movement.
Cook out :)
Sticks and stones may break our bones, but words will never harm me.
All I can say is you wouldn't want to get rear-ended by that thing.
Interested in marketing? We're looking for someone to join our summer Marketing & Advertising intern team! careers(at)614mediagroup(dot)com
thanks for the follow. Any events going on soon?
"he is cock blocking himself" Lmao!!! <3
Time to relax and let me sing to you. Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs. Message me your email address Ill sendu 3 Mp3s.
that's an understatement. (; LOVED IT.
Stay classy Milwaukee Police Department.
AND MAYBE WE COULD BUST THIS JOINT AND SEE IF MY PLACE IS OPEN TO CHILL...
Nearly $6M in Idaho lottery prizes unclaimed
but it will change promise lol
Rumor has it that Esquire is writing an article on the best bars in the US and they will be featuring several Milwaukee bars (including us)!
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself.
Design conversation 31: Demonstration happening now
Visionless leaders focus on Austerity as the way out of debt. Leaders with vision focus on Prosperity as the way out of debt. Move FORWARD!
...If you want me in your life, you will do what is needed to put me there and keep me there.
Okay Ross(: QUESTION FOR YOU :D Choose!: Batman or Superman? ^.^
Ain't stressing about a damn thing
Always in the hunt for top IT talent in South Florida
The next cover will be a Foster The People song... :)
something's turned me anti-chill
Im with you on that
lol dm me I gotta tell you about the dance !
Just now hittn the pillow again, z
Indeed a pleasure to see you! RT thanks for coming!!! Glad you enjoyed the treats!
u got a new number
Hey! Thanks for mention!
no doubt RT I think it's safe to say that I'm the reason is now riding for #WhatAYear bit.ly/rRNIFT
I take some clutch naps after school.
PISP TV IS FILMING LIVE AT THE RICHMOND COUNTY FAIR TODAY WITH
What music?
I'm workin' on it Hilary! :-)
So in love with Trespassing! Seriously jammin' hard to Shady, and literally crying to Outlaws of Love. You, are...beautiful.
Seriously its too fucking hot in my room!
Check your DM :D
Hey stranger! I hope you're well, it's been forever. Be sure to also follow ! What have you been up to these days?
I just found out that gorilla warfare has nothing to do with "real" trained gorillas.
End a long work week with a slow glass of Tank 7. And a memorable day for KCUR. Enjoy retirement, Walt Bodine.
Try contacting Philadelphia More Beautiful at 215-685-3981. They can provide information on litter enforcement or deterrents.
Have you booked with don't get left without a cabin on one of the best party cruise!
ikr...u see im gaining followers!! hurray for me lol...u cool aswell!! i be on here cracking up....holla back...
Ghetto Word of the Day: Dictate “His dictate like shit”.
happy Wednesday
Just had breakfast with in Yonkers, Ny
Social determinants of health are the best predictors of readmission to the hosptial
Thank you so much for sharing!!!! I greatly appreciate it. :-)
I would too...love her exuberance at games RT What i really want in life is to be friends with Ray Allen's mom via
If you think one person can't make a difference, you've never slept with a mosquito in the room! #askObama your questions using the #
Debating on whether or not to sleep or stay up and watch reruns....Hmm tough question..I'll go with the 2nd one i'm not tired :)
At Virginia now! Hitting NYC today!
Happy Saturday Skulk! XOXO!
or even better, just don't assume things about me. Don't assume my kindness for weakness--Just Remember, I'm a real fucking bitch.
"Love and hate are crucial for critics, along with deep-seated ambivalence." Morris Dickstein last week in the
at least the week is more than halfway over now, can't wait for a three day weekend!!!
Weaver. No-hitter.
Today in 1794 opened to the public
or blood in the snow gives CROM a smile
Congrats on the new job, Alan. Welcome to the Buckeye state!
Can't wait..hopefully its the REAL cool down and not another tease
Was really hoping for a woman to be Governor of Wisconsin. But, I'll settle for Walker not being Governor of Wisconsin
Getting ready to wrap up the day at #ommavideo a great day learning about advertising and video
Ready for the #ipad to destroy Twitter. And probably the whole internet. Wheeee!
RT : I highly recommend chocolate soy milk on cereal. I was out of plain and this is working great! Sugar rush in 3...2...1...!!!
what is with all the death?
Francisco's pants! :)
Lay down on ya stomach,spread your ass cheeks and let me go deep in that pussi...slow deep strokes so you can fill it all in you ;)
hey handsome.
can u follow me plz
nigga live can't wait till he hit miami
Sorry I missed this tweet! Can you send me some more info on the summit? Thx!
like what?
Watch them be on Americas best dance crew. WATCH IT HAPPEN. WATCH.
Are you okay?!?
- Prasino in chicago.
agreed. See also: Banner Saga.
whooohoo! Win it!!
RT : Photo: Do something with your Broken & Out dated Gold Jewelry. Get Creative, we can redesign using your own......
We love you too!! :) Have a great weekend! RT : Penny loves !
Good job!
Ok maybe he settles for Rapunzel
Won our softball game, now watching The Cardinals game!<3 #CardsAreWinning 5-0!
new username :)
Biking in rain is awesome until you get home and have to pick worms of your bike and legs!
The new paints are in the store, and have been input into the system so they can be purchased! I will be posting a pic soon
chillin wit fenna drink & cook tonight
Hope we get to see you both in!
"If you think you are leading and turn around to see no one following, then you are just taking a walk"
It might not be worth it
thanks for the blog follow and the mention
don't kid yourself, that Linking Park song was horrible. Jay z and Talking Heads
Oh is so comforting. Yup. To that fucking hole bye.
Anyone know why my disconnected Verizon internet box has been beeping all night? Feels like I'm in a Friends episode.
Your looking for a boyfriend, i see that, give me time, you know im gonna be there!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!! Who's ready for a fiesta complete with margaritas and beer?
ALL my sales for any person: Recommend and Refer, equals Rewards and Royalties ANYTIME a friend you refer to me, you WILL get products!
I'll be in Nashville the week before the shower... Let's get together!
Congratulations to your new son and daughter are so beautiful! #twins!
True love in the morning. ": I need some Starbucks in my life this morning."
Losing an hour isn't fun. What would you rather do with the time? If all in the US share 1 hour w/ friends or causes, it totals 35,000...
"Don't seek reassurance. Seek change." -Harry Beckwith
Just ran the numbers, both Illinois schools are within 500 miles of Wooster, Scots likely to host Sweet 16 and Elite Eight
“: If I only had to follow 1 person on here it would probably be #toofunny”<
what's up Chica?!
“: also daily mass mailings as well, he's more annoying than the head on commercials” yep; getting those, too.
Hope you get banned for life you thug. Shit at football, shit at being a human being. Go away you scum
the ability to make groceries appear in my refrigerator
Hope everyone has a great Easter!
Her husband is getting arrested and she is taking pictures-that's weird right?
We couldn't of had a fire drill on a more perfect day <U+E04A><U+E00E>
If you don't like country you are obviously black, or you have never actually lived the country life for a day
Patty & I are going over your Twitter 101 slides
"BITCH YOU GOT RAPED, GET OUT" is what you yell after a rape. it is not what you yell during -- what is ostensibly -- televised sports
Considering Ford has a huge plant in Ontario, there could be a lot of "hosers" there.
let's sail away ,find out own country..we'll build a house and beds out of pine trees.let's get away, lets push our lives away
If I didn't answer your text/bbm I'm not ignoring you, my phones acting fucking retarded!
I wonder if we have school tomorrow our teachers were giving us work for us to do if we had no school
Nobody loves me but my mother,And she could be jivin too. B. B. King
#Denver we will be at Lodo's at 3:30pm.. Can't wait!
ref with me! then you can be there and feel this excitement all the time!
10.) god is the one I admit everything to the one I trust and love forever
follow back so i can DM you
Nice collection! That looks like inspiration enough. :-)
Way to go #NYR!!! Bring on the Devils - Let's do this!!
WHAT? twitpic. right now.
Wishing Columbus' a huge congratulations on another Emmy nomination this year for Into the Wild! Awesome job!
Sleep soon (: #realtired goodnight hmm.. (: prayers to a great day tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> (:
Looking forward to welcome you! See you tomorrow!
Vanilla cream soda it ridiculous good O.o
morn boo!!
Instead I'm going to listen to Blizzard of Ozz and sulk.
Be careful when manipulating review content. Your intent can be misconstrued. Just educated customers. Be transparent & natural.
you know it
My 2012 resolution is to drink the same amount as I did in 2011.
Social security is NOT an entitlement, dammit! Stop calling it that.
Certainly a group that will #LiveyourTalk and proud of it! Cheers to moving forward and a great day.
I'm testing this new Chrome Extension that lets you post to Google+, Twitter and Facebook at the same time! W00t!
I'm always catching my cousins scratching their butts. It's so weird.
Guess who's girlfriend I'm playing in the show?
Glad you made it OK. Great to see all you #NewPal cats!
Some random ass boy keeps on walking back and forth past the holiday hair...nigga sit yo ass down.
how to have a better attitude for sure!
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're doing well up north!
Got my new car... dealing with car salesmen gave me a headache.
following back love :)
does the lotus news hurt/help and ?
A lovely #FF to new friends and old!
Need a gift in a hurry? Morton's New eGift Cards delivered with the click of a button. www.mortons.com
Haven't bit my nails in two Weeks..that's a great achievement for me.lol
Someone made a really simple gesture towards me today that I needed. I know we're friends, but he will never know how much it meant :)
<<<<<Everyone follow this good tweeple right here!!
"It's the prophecy. It was foretold a 1000 years before dinosaurs." "As cool as that sounds, how awesome would it be to deny the prophecy?"
Rough piece this afternoon wtih but super job reacting to the
RT if you are holding or using an apple product right now. RIP STEVE JOBS you will be missed<3
now that i'm on computer and not phone, I see who you are :-) guess you already know about MJHS BYOD program :-)
Hope my home of MKE treated you well. :)
if you are really Miley follow me and we talked for DM, please.
haha whatever he did, it worked.
Clearly Atlantic Records needs a talkin' to. Prepare the pie charts and spreadsheets!!
Nobody can prove life after death. But if there is a hell...it's probably a lot like driving behind an old person when you're in a hurry.
Life's not about the people who act true to you face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
Have you ever made a girl's legs shake?
I am already naked. Still hot. And also, DON'T TALK ABOUT MY CAT LIKE THAT BITCH
A wise person recognizes the supreme Self in all activities and views all activities as mere expressions of the Self.
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
Thanks for the follow, Madeline!
Am going to try out this Twitter thing... :)
I don't get it, this guy is NOT ATTRACTIVE. Why are all these women making fools of themselves over him?
"Happy St. Patrick's Day"
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan having the perfect accessories to go with your favorite outfit.
Powerful last sentence. #ShabbatShalom !
cheers again man! Appreciated...
Everybody's happier after a margarita... :)
More than anything, I want you to be thinking of me, missing me as much as I miss you.
very chilly this morning. No wonder Suh's car skidded out of control downtown...
Donk freestyle by gives me life.
Jamaican quote "Chicken merry hark deh near." Translation: If you continue with the violent romping, one person will get hurt.
Back to Boston tomorrow. It's been so nice being home! Wish it could last longer, but what can ya do...
that dumb Jamie Lee Curtis and her #Activia commercials. As a man, I feel like I'm not allowed to eat it now.
Who came up with the number 140 for the limit anyway? Haha it so random!
Enjoyed the great weather tonight after work. Not cooking - thx for #glutenfree #peanutfree pizza Also, having some veggies!
juss ran into Arnaz at WalMart...awkward. but he sound different lol
I love playoff hockey. [oh i apologize, people have said this before? yes, because it is that awesome]
Stranded at my desk on a Friday night.
Wow. I thought my tweets were gay..
Second that one RT : true story! speaking of Horlick...
Nice meeting you, Dustee. I look forward to reading your tweets!
Looking 4ward to hearing Terry Brooks tonight Child Care Provider Spring Institute.
ROWING: Modified rowers take their maiden voyage at Saratoga Invitational WITH VIDEO
that's what it was?!?? I saw him faint on my way to the gym and didn't do shit
looking for a database architect in nyc with conceptual experience within the investment banking industry
We have a show tonight at Charlie's in Austin! See you there, Oklahomies!
This sick fuck sent 8 pix of his dick to a 13yr old girl LOCK THAT NIKKA UP !!!!!
Smoltz signed another couple of cards for me. Cause he's awesome.
i are so unhappy. i'm starting to hate glitter as much as him.
you answer everybody but me .. I'm sad, I cry
Yea we been kool fo a long time
Passing Out, Stomach Ache , Headaches, & Throwing Up Smh
okay (: when do I have to send it ? And do I send just the pictures ? Or put the pics together in a video ?
But you can name your son Roberto!!
what song would you choose if you made a duet with Austin?
a weekend full of block parties and community events!
ion forgive or forget .. i just move tf around .
Your A <U+2605>I LOVE YOUU
ok I know the girls describe n ill point u in the right direction :)
Gross Shot time! Not sure if Prairie Fire is gross or just painful: shot of tequila w/ Tabasco & pepper on top. Video or it didn't happen.
Regarding the naming of my mother's dog, whose name is Reba..."You shoulda named her Dolly, that bitch can yodel."-my sister.
I like unicorns <3
#thingsthedevilinvented obnoxious children!
Knew I could count on you.
YAH baby!! Same w/ ur roommie! All for sharing a great message!
You know it works when you burn yourself while curling your hair.
All of you voting NAY for racino are lame.
Man what a day coaches brought there A game today and thanks for the push!!!!
Outside, deep frying some fish fillets in the cold air, this Thanksgiving morning...! Yep... and frost still on the ground...! Wow.. Great!
Walk Away - Lara Fabian (with lyrics): via
This is message from friendstream.
thank you (:
Fast and furious 4 .. BOoty everywhere !
Hey Diego Dex, thanks for the retweet! You're a pal.
Caught me over seas flocka of Bitches blowin dank...
Dam this old lady fell off her bike lol dam it's not funny but u should have saw how it happen
during big games those 4$ thickets sell for hundreds
All Muslim countries have a baby boom generation right now. All great revolutions had baby boom generations behind them.
It wasn't enough. Don't get me wrong it was amazing. Best show Iv'e been to. But holy shit do I want to go again.
Indiana won, now it's time for us!
The Discovery #OV103 flyover is amazing! I'm not ashamed to say it's brought me to tears.
Only 29 days til Date for a Cure fundraiser for kids w #cancer! #LLS did you buy your VIP ticket yet?!
The girls in Lakoda Rayne all look beautiful! Oh and they sound great too!
Sexual dysfunction is closely associated with sexual homicide.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Yeah, I did like around 6 to ask if you were taking reservations for Sunday, and the girl's name was Samantha and I wasn't
AUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHH. :) All better now.
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu includes Sinebrychoff Porter and a Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast
hm maybe following me, on twitter of course ;), could help. Never hurts to try!(:
I'm breathing for a purpose.
Sometimes the templates in Publisher work well for a simple trifold. Ive worked w Econoprint to get them printed high res too.
Time for another rally Gents, do they have it in them?
The mofos rallying against gay marriage are the same folks that have no political stance on anything else.
going to bed. gn all
its that radio commercial where the mom says ” football is my favorite show!” Lol I got her a tebow shirt for her birthday
If happy ever after did exist. I would still be holding you like this.
Its cinco de mayo bitches
that game was mortifying. let's blame wine or something.
u rang?
I just cracked all my toes <U+E056>
I hope okc send kobe home crying at his mj poster....
The sexiest curve on a girls body is her smile (: -- Lewis Amous . ()
Sure, but I find it very hard to believe that many of the million invitees weren't Egyptian... Especially those who RSVPed.
NO SKOOL 2DAY!! (: the district is closed!! (:
Scrapes, cuts, and grease all over my legs... good ride.
I love you with all my heart
Yes they will! :)
dont care if she got good pussy , jus as long as she got good credit !
I like staying the night at a family members house and talking to someone that's it.
2 black Cadillacs meeting for the first time
I think things are a little meager here as well...
Form follows function always
That's one way to begin a beautiful morning :)
Thanks for the retweet Richard!
Good thing I attacked myself with sunscreen!
I hate #maths with a
... with the donkey? I'd really like to meet the donkey too ... ;) Thanks for the RT! Thinking of going?
Time to get that Obama/Biden 2012 sticker
Heat lost this game but we not losing anymore games this that wakeup call
I've slept all day and im kinda tired now tfff
Happy Mother's Day
Continuing my Sunday morning tradition of ironing and #TheBigBangTheory marathon. I'm hard-to-the-core.
doing great Mal.. How've you been?
giiit it girl
Watching the DBacks play
GO YANKEES!!!! Have a great weekend!!
Faith, Hope, Truth, and Love, Kiki....... Live by that, and you have it all.
I never bitch about acting here, but getting a 12:20pm commercial aud sent at 11:30am same day is NOT OK! #SAG-AFTRA should not allow this.
why would I peace when my mom had already offered to get me food ?
Just @ Westwood Whole Foods Market doing a gluten free grocery tour. Yay!
who needs a radio?!
I hate when my parents know I have to be somewhere and they take forever to get home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
RT if you love Niall Horan, i will follow you :)
When for profit entities invest in non profit unis and "share revenue" what happens to integrity of curriculum & faculty?
I'm great! despite the fact that that's probably not the only one of your red flags I can relate to...hm. how are you?
Oosthuizen on his way to becoming most unheralded double major winner since Andy North.
hello, Your a cute Dog. ^^ who's your owner.?
- I was just talking about old BBSs last night. Anyone every play TradeWars 2002?
“Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection, we can catch excellence.” – Vince Lombardi
I haven't seen the numbers for other titles, but that's my sense. The industry took big hit in the 1990's and hasn't recovered.
French presidential candidate Francois Hollande bets on boring - Chicago Tribune
make that rookie of the year push and make Irving jealous
yea, you should have cause i did
Hello World
What kind of pie has beer in it? Sign me up.
I'm following ! Best children's books ever!
also congratulations!
Quarter finals!! Go Cammy!
Only one hour left of Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo! Make sure you make it count!
<~~~ Happy National Siblings Day! I love you, sisters!
You're welcome Laura! ^^ I love you too <3
who do you have?
We love to see y'all getting along!!
Apparently its frowned upon to make macho man jokes in aisle two at 7-11. Which reminds me, aisle two is officially out of slim jims.
New Mexico Satellite Man has a great antenna for bringing in the free local channels off of the Sandias. Call John - 350-6428!
Hitting the spots in #DTSA tonight.
Hot bubble bath too...
Also Go Texas. I don't have to hate since they are no real threat this year :-P
get my own place...but so want a roommate that would be fuckin awesome
You are looking wonderful tonight, Anita!
Thanks, love! :)
omg i have no idea hahah i dont think that question is worded right
/ Hey there... Your BUZhunt game stats are displayed below the game card panel. You've been BUZd by 6 targets so far!
:( feed your tummy
"Trust the Duck Luke" - Yoda
"...an expert on women in sport says the key to greater respect & support lies as much in the boardrooms & press galleries as on the field."
Cool fun fact!
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was. And follow us for perks and info!
Oh, and I believe that '08 "inevitable" candidate who lost Iowa also won New Hampshire before going on to lose the nomination.
Well thankss. I wish i had more time of vacation like you.! Haha
So pretty. I saw some at Lowes today but already in trouble with what I had in my cart. Hubby's going to take my card.
We live in Club Play
We're looking forward to regularly joining your Monday night #petchat! Do you have a "class attendance" sign-in?
Just completed Week 3 - Day 2 (completed 2.07mi with run pace of 10:53 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
I need some late nite text. Buddies
Talk on coleg suddenly switched from civilunions to Lobato, not a good sign IMHO. Nothing from nic or Eli.
thought you were putting out song?!
Snow in April ... global warming is a BIOTCH ain't it!
wondering why the customer service people at United aren't really into customer service.
it's okay . And sorry to hear that ;/
Get your creative mind back to working on that dormant money making breakthrough. Some folk need to eat. NspiredBy Proverbs 13: 2
where are you!
“: the awkward moment when your trying to go to sleep and your friend hasn't left yet.eh hem.. l” HAY PARTYS STILL HERE!
Wheels down BWI. Good to be home.
awe you're too kind
OWASP Orlando Q1 meeting went amazingly well. Huge thanks to and for presenting. Stay tuned for an awesome Q2!
you never really can fix my heart <3
you know people of said my band kinda sounds like them, wanna check us out :) ?
Hey what president would you want to hang out/ play hoops with?
Dylan Thomas's response: Scotch.
41,390 words down, 8,610 words to go! About to post my inspirations for two of the main characters in the series!
Decent first half. It's all about ball movement for us on offense and traps on defense
Vandross or Campbell? Because if it's the latter, I can see why you would wait until no one's there.
i am going to call u now
Yo Guys! Ive Decided That Im Gonna Be A Stripper :-)
knows how to make you regret am avatar bet. Especially last minute drunken avatar bets.
Ohwaaaoohhh trust issues <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Michael Jackson passes b4 the BET Awards, Amy Winehouse passes b4 the VMA's, & Whitney Houston passes b4 the Grammy's.
The only good thing about being at Jury Duty today is that I won't get called again for 2 years.
It has been a perfect day for swimming.
Santa has been getting a lot of requests for for YMCA gift cards this year. Be sure to stop by your local Y and grab yours today!
these fees taxes gotta go. there so much wasteful spending its pitiful. 1 group getting richer while common man suffering
lmao... That's probably what it is
Hot beats on deck get @ me
With a month left in school, I guess I can check out the library for the first time this yr
I'm really disappointed that the beefy crunch burrito isn't a permanent menu item! Boo
at this tea shop called Teavana
You walked by, looked at me and I rolled my eyes. What I'm I supposed to do smile at chu?
Is it standard practice to NOT charge customers for major upgrades?
Good morning to you!
that guy is such a queer
tweeting about birds
wat it dew g??
lucky you lol. i work.... 42.1 miles one way. thank god it pays well
On to the next one...
Sour Diesel for $35 an 8th
YOUR READING THIS. AH, btw, I love youu<3
ikr! It was so funny yet so sad how the judges totally crushed her hopes
that just made my day.
GOTTA FIND YOU!
OMG its cold... Congrats to the New England Patriots!!! Didn't get a chance to watch the game got a bite distracted, but it was worth it. <3
A Happy Hippo! I can't ever find them ): but they taste like heaven in a cookie!
you know when its real when you afraid to tell how you feel
#chrisbrownfame Love the new album!
i think that was the most stressful week in my life^^ :'D but I had fun though <U+2665> :DD
We are shipping out our Anti-Radiation Patches thru Amazon. They are selling and they work.
Today's gift card winner is MANDI RHOADES STALLINGS! Congratulations!
i love kate upton
> on their Hillary articles. Hillary isn't remarkable bc of pastel pants suits, it's her accomplishments that matter
"Things aren't what they used to be and probably never were." ~Will Rogers
I did! I can't have the poor child walking around clueless about her school lol
well scratch it then lmao
I can say with confidence that you cant. And I welcome the challenge... Bring it!
A Smart Person Learns From THEIR Mistakes. A Wise Person Learns From YOUR Mistakes.
I jus swag in
NATURALS Pomegranate & Mango Refreshing Shower Gel: SPECIAL - SAVE 66%! SPECIAL OFFERS
I am suspicious that lemon Chobani is less substantial than other Chobani. Also, it's not lemony enough.
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 85F Fair: 85F Fair
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 1~~ 1.Be extremely well prepared. 2.Join a Toastmasters club for extra practice.
oh, you mean that's not how you say it?
I hope the 3 lucky winners like art and artists....
Treason is 12 GOP leaders having dinner the night of Obama's inaugeration & plotting how they were going to destroy his presidency.
If NBC cancels Parks & Rec or Community, I will burn that motherfucker down. DOWN. TO. THE. GROUND.
why do you say that?!
Excellent gyro today, !
Yes please.
im not even in a bad mood
Now I am homeward bound.
I know ppl that have seen it twice so it probably doesn't suck lol
you got it, whens your bday?
is joining forces with Fremont Outdoor Movies to bring you the same neighborhood fun this Halloween. We're excited!
Shoeshine guy at 30th Street Station singing spanish lullaby over cell phone
Monster truck rallies often times have 1$ popcorn
Ight bro keep me updated
well, look at that! Haha.
Yo Loueyyy peeps, check out tomorrow night (4/20) you don't want to miss Bear In Heaven. I'm working on making my way there!
you need to add to do interviews on Fox/Fuel & find new PBP as well, move Anik to color
don't judge him CONNOR! we can't all be good at everything! i got your back
Hot sauce on my burrito baby ..cuz u taste so good to me
thanks, i enjoy your comments and reviews
To much stuff to do. I need at least two days to clear my head but it doesn't look like that will happened
OH YEAH WESTEST YEAH
Just finished clearing the backyard of a recently purchased house. The new owners wanted the old swing set out of there!
That's what I used (extract). Just wasn't strong enough for the sourdough.
Hope you're trying out Chris!
Preparing for another weekend at Sports at the Beach....baseball in Delaware #SATB. Stop by and see us if you're playing there!
I'll expect to see a new tweet in a month or two saying you lost those 10 lbs! Keep those running shoes on!
Annie what's up?
sherie at Aidan Gill has taken care of me for years cc
Ha ha! Have a good evening! Hope all is well. Btw, I'm in Houston now but visit Austin quite often.
I do what tells me to do. RT Everyone follow my friend on twitter! Shes new to twitter and its freaking her out!
Ugh why does it cost almost $400 to fly from Philly to Columbus.
He's not here today. ...
thx for follow kenny, returning the favor, looking forward to you're tweets, hope u enjoy mine, peace {^_^}
Come on #UNCAshville .... you can do this... play smart....
Hey Guys Check out my Fb Page its called AJL Photography please like and comment RT!!!! Please!!!!! Thanks
Chen is my hero. I could never do that.
yay your going!? But that I can't do.
Pedophiles of America: Stay away from 800 W Katella Ave, Anaheim<U+200E> CA<U+200E> 92802, United States. It's the National Cheer Championships
the place looks nice.
You would think that since we have 4 managers on duty, we wouldn't be waiting 10 minutes for a manager at the registers. You would be wrong.
Check your personal dictionary and delete the ones you don't want. Likely under settings, language, keyboard.
learned some good things in class today. the great news for emerging film makers/writers...content is still king
sup wezzy a bro i got to talk to u u know my parents hit me back
Another day of meetings. Excited for things that lie ahead!
Follow back ? (:
yeah totally agree
needs food! I'm spacing :-)
Fantastic opening night for Strictly Painting 8. Stay tuned for pictures.
Look at ya... Finally posting on Twitter!
Doing a podcast on Starship Troopers later this year. We should talk.
...kids off to school soon. 7am... coffee... Paul Chambers transciption...
That awsome moment when your teacher ain't in the room for the last 30 minutes of class! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Hate it or love it the underdogs on top, and im gonn'shine homie until my heart stop.
I've been really good! Same old stuff just working.. how are you baby solo and rae doing??
textandshout: #health2dev Code-a-thon feels like the locker room before the Superbowl! Its on!
The Magnetic Killing Fields
U do sumn for me baby, I luh ya #Truuuuuuu <U+E30A>
I watched Transformers today. I've spent 2 hours in my garage telling the car I know his secret. He's shy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
what's on your mind
I was voter 120 at the Doyle Admin. bldg at 2:30. Still think it's going to blow other primary turnout records out of the water.
There are some great people on twitter
Rough start to the day, had AK whiff a few times then lost A9cc vs SB 18bb jam into my BB with Q8. Down to 25k
Awww, that's really nice. Will retweet.
thats awesome! I'm a huge fan too - was made he didn't come here on his last tour
Come to zebraclub today, buy any outerwear and recieve a FREE beanie!
What was your favorite April Fool's joke from this weekend?
today is a new day. Its past 12
The most creative people are often the most crazy. I say be authentic and embrace your craziness.
I believe self-marketers should see myspace as a cautionary tale of how to ruin a bulletin board and not as a marketing guide for facebook
Yes. I know you won't give up. You're the romantic ;) Cool. I hope you will find her.
<<<===Amen Kelly. I needed to be in the house of the LORD today. Just singing the Black national anthem had me in tears.
There's just something about Bella in Breaking Dawn that makes me wanna SLAP A BITCH!
Controlled, polite, to the point. A very Hoosier debate.
had a great 7 course dinner at Upstairs on the Square... great food and service
That's too bad. I hope the next movie you see you will love!
I've avoided work for as long as I can today. It's so beautiful out I don't want to sit at a screen. But alas. To the writing, Robin!
A little birdie told me that In Union will be on The Katt's Local Talent Show next week. Stay tuned!
Nothing good is coming from giving the 10-month old a pair of cymbals. #whatwasi thinking
Crazier that it's been 10+ yrs since he killed a man RT : Crazy that he's 37. RT : Happy 37th Birthday !
can't find them listed on iTunes, I'd listen if I could find them on there
Happy Birthday! Have a blessed day! RT Lol I don't think my sister knows it's my bday very pitiful lmbooo
war on women is just stupid on so many levels..i mean..is suffrage still going on
#FRIDAfund/ talks about participatory grant making in action at
are you tuned into the #grammys? ...where's the party at?! oh there it is.
In Oregon, we are not allowed to pump our own gas, so we have attendants. I love it. HATE pumping own gas.
So you made it yesterday after all. Congratulations! Keep it up.
sorry for your loss!
We love our service team! Enjoy the show > I'm SO excited Jen helped out. She's our hero today :)
lmao , i guess so .
but i'm scared to go to the hospital because they're gonna ask 5827567863574256 questions -_-
K thanks I'm done :-)
Cannot wait for harris and bigby wow..im so glad we finally have my boys back also a shout to S Anthony Smith the guy got talent
to late! Lol
Happy birthday :)
Once I chose to be happy everthing else fell into place.
hey(: we haven't talked in a long time!:o
damn u raw for that one..lol
Prioritized importance in #edreform: Corporate Profits > Student Learning. #FYI #$$$
Looking into my future I see I will be a Successful Female Leader....... Truning Dreams into Reality
I knowww. I love it!(: haha.
Money has a tendency of acting funny! U can't worship God & money! U can't love money & God. God comes 1st!
Why bother....
Just discovered your site and book yesterday. Excited!!!
Shut up -_-
hilarious! Forced low res, I like it?
is the little bird right?
Time to head to the comic book store for Free Comic Book Day.
Hmm, that's a long drive lol. I was more passing it along for you. Let me see what I have that week though, I'm a maybe.
I joke around a lot. But when i speak to you personally it comes from the heart.
Heard ur #UTSMW talk via UStream today! Lovin all you guys are doing & would love to learn more. Is ur blog the best resource?
Not a cliche at all. Glad you feel that way.
This nigga look like a roach lmfao
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Yo anybody want to fill up my truck? Just $65, that's cheap!
#ConfessionHour i like some of my friends as more than friends ; )
Thanks for the open dialogue tonight &
I'm bummed about Whitney.
Follow follow follow follow follow follow follow folow
At work already on a sat must really love the money
at this point I have no more grandparents. Not even grandparents in law
Even President Bush supported civil unions.. Romney also wants a federal ammenment to change our constitution. Wrong side of history.
Have fun tonight! RT : A couple hours before our tour and tasting with
and you don't know shit you're just an ignorant lil white girl from the burbs that really thinks she's gonna be a rapper
Hating on
In case you missed it I posted a new letter today.
Heartfelt. You're a real pro. So great to see you again. But I might not eat with Coy anymore.
that's blasphemy. I'm rebuilding the site. Sorry ma'am.
just think of it as 17 or 18 tweets (if average English word is 5 letters, in prose). No problem.
My prayers to all who passed away on the DC train crash..what is up..something is aloof with DC...shootings at museum & train crashes!!!
we're too young, this is never going to work.
Theme Music...everygood hero should have some "I'm Gonna Get You Sucka" Lol!
Yahoo! Goes Beyond Gold With Global Programming Coverage of Summer Olympics
Nothing like a power outage to make you appreciate windows in a processing room.
fantastic, lemme know when you get in,
We officially have a beer sponsor for our New Years Eve event!! Can't wait to share...stay tuned!
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "serese icpsee". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get B1G1 #Free!
Thanks so much for sharing!!
HoeLies #36 I didn't sleep with Tiger Woods.
very cute!
please follow please !
Alarm clocks that are sensitive to your sleep patterns are not a new idea
What's next for members of the #GSA accused of blowing taxpayer dollars on lavish trips? The story in 20min on the
So I can't eat past midnight and I have a DR Apt in the AM lame!!!!
Favorite song performed live...."L' is Gone" by Musiq Soulchild....this brings back so many memories. 2003 Lake Buena Vista HOB.
RT : saved ALL THE #DOGS on the kill list in the Dallas Pound this wk. Vote for her for Most Beautiful of Dallas...
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. My daily snack is cheddar cheese popcorn and a fruit punch Arizona.
#pleaseletmesleep My one day off and I woke up at the crack of dawn.
What's your favorite childhood memory?(:
lol. Somebody at the D1 level better be scooping up my boy Buckets soon.
I love them times when your just sitting there thinking about her in your wondering if she's thinking about you too<3
Morehouse Men have more respect for their neighbors?? Think so...
Dipping my feet into the Pacific. It's actually warmer than the air!
What up peepz?
Thanks for the re-tweet. Again, Snapper was awesome, thanks for having him on last night!
So is tweeting so much of his session that I don't feel I'm missing anything not being in the room
I once tried to convince a room full of employers/HR people of that. I don't think they believed me.
You know you're not working very hard when...you're using the wrong hand to control your mouse...
Ya, sorry, we've been super busy trying to get our beta ready for SXSW. I'll call you today.
There is nothing you can't do unless you try.
i guess its good but doesnt really matter and prob not
Didn't know we had a shark attack victim in our oral comm class.
I like it.
#LAWind damage any of your outdoor sculpture? Tweet us your questions or contact #artservicesguild member for assistance
Can't decide on dinner??? WTF this is an important decision tonight!
yea sure. i HATE it when ppl do that. so i unfollow them
Hey Ash, are either of your parents professors?
I NEED summer...now!
Time to get my vote on
Have a fabulous day, Rose (:
Thinking of a master plan...
Awesome, I may stop by for a super fun Saturday night. How much longer will you be there?
How to implement open access to federally funded research is keeping me up at night.
Congratulations on your home run!
After tonight's #BIGGERTHANJESUS show join the "Faith & Tradition" conversation with a panel of Religious and Performance Studies Scholars.
New York turned on Amare Stoudemire quicker than #Browns fans turned on Josh Cribbs.
I thought for sure that BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA and THE RUNNING MAN must have had overlapping art departments, but they did not.
welcome Cafe41 to the neighborhood & twitter :) we r right down the street from john street dorms!College friendly prices & deals
LETS GO GIANTS! (CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP) LETS GO GIANTS! (CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP)
Its hot outside cant wait to the pool open
second day of the #NIST conference gaithersburg maryland.
Enjoying a great #coaching session with
OpenClass- integration w/institutional SIS - for users, but courses in, course content rollover, grades out- harder
RT : lol. It's fun to say "must listen to the voices!! They're screaming to be set free!!". so true
Everyone, even and #Obama get 24 hours. What you do with it is up to you so make the most of it. Be productive and help mankind.
we gotta start with a name first lol..u got anything marinating
well go you're gorgeous shouldn't have no trouble finding a date
Me six!
There's a place in your heart nobody's been, take me there <U+2764>
and GM 2 U
Loving #DC so far and looking forward to seeing the sights from the boat on the potomac cc
i'm now determined to listen to more of kelly clarkson's music! "the sun will rise" is my new favorite :)
Feel like butt :(
So you pick a day to go to different thrift stores?
Channel Brad Ross on a breakaway!!
Double wammi Victory in my basketball game & Relationship status:taken:)
Raul/Del Piero would add valuable experience, Owen has to be released.
Hey, girls on bikes. You're just great.
every time I see "something/something/bluegrass/something else" in a band's genre title I'm all "pshh"
let us be frank: 's "Leonard the Lonely Astronaut" is an incredible collection of kickin' songs. you should preorder now!
thanks for the reply! I am using Mac and it is commercial. I want to Share a clip of a movie to go along with a book we are reading
The reason why people respect what I say is because they've seen my actions
on twitter yu dig me
Its okay to change the methods; but don’t touch the message. Share the message in places where people are most likely to receive it.
This is the longest it has ever taken me to make a cake what the crap.... Never in my life and it was not even a designed cake jus basic
definitely! Tonight I am headed to a bday party and possibly a crawfish boil. Maybe an afternooner 2morrow?
xD But they're so fun to take at the same time.
THIS! #TheStruggle RT I'm so distracted by the music videos in this club. Especially when they play the throwbacks. Lol
confirmed there was indeed something rotten. Three-month-old yogurt in the back of the fridge. It has been removed.
thank you so much for RTing that!we now have 204 followers. :)
wady is so hot.
I know. Oh well. Next year ... RT : Yes! I thought of you there and realized we never indicated where we would be.
Of course they are there for you. Have fun.
Agreed! Good first day in London for me :) Hope your travels go well!
Now to refinance, you need a new #mortgage, causing a jam. Intention of #harp. Eberly of
Going to knock the dust off of some programming books tonight. This Friday is shaping up to be a wild one.
Did just hickup?
- get your bob from sidestreet pants ready for Saturday!
you're quite welcome! Hope it went/going well!
“ “If I can't have you all to myself, then I rather not waste my time dating you.””
One day I'm go rep that MMG with we goin straight to the top all hate is welcome fuck boys
At a birthday party.:)
Good night twitter and Facebook. :-)
"This My Last Time , Not Asking Anymore, If You Don't Do Right, I'm Walking Out That Door."
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way. ~E. M. Forster
Someone suggest a good middlegrade fantasy adventure read. Go!
RT When I'm bored I like to eat.
meet me in the trap
The weekend always goes too quickly, doesn't it tweetahs? Have a wonderful Monday!
Things have taken a different route than I expected . #ForTheBetter #iLikeThis (:
classes are out. My calendar should not be this full or double-booked. what's going on?!
If you have any questions you would like to ask Hershey's Chocolate company, please call 1-800-468-1714.
Bazaar. Never heard of that.
Gonna go rollerskating now.
:( it looks like it'll be a couple weeks. After superbowl.
Life is full of risks. Take them, because you'll never know what could have happened if you don't.
wtf? Haha. What kinda fruits are those?
“: #smwsportsbiz panel what's the newest, coolest, innovative way any of you are utilizing social media?” great q
#IAlwaysWonderIf I've met my future husband yet...or dated him. o.o
It's time for my iced vanilla latte
Never waste a moment, it may be the last with someone you love.
Why do you have time to like all my statuses but you can't come home?
can you say #houseparty? (with of course!)
looking forward to the awards!
Lol... Let's chalk this one up y'all...
I've run out of excuses to not get out of bed. There are monsters down stairs right?
OMG! I CANT STOP WATCHING NEW VIDEO #RIGHTBYMYSIDE <3 I LOVE IT SO MUCH :-)
at 11 I'll be switching between the debate and Reliable Sources so I may miss some.
SD Society of Professional Journalists sponsoring a "Grade the Media" panel 1/26. Do we want to know how the public views our coverage?
Neil Woelk from the Boulder Daily Camera talking about Big 12 expansion now! Also, your thoughts, 303-297-1510!
Could not get anything going up here at the Golden Gates here in
yeah I think you're right
I've been accepted into the Master of Creative Writing program at Ball State. So excited to be heading back to school!
Sweet Dreams RO! ;) Nutty Night xx
One year exactly since you broke my heart you insensitive little prick. I'm so glad i'm done with all that shit
help a momma directioner out
QOTD: "Smart phones are hella scary, dude. They're getting to smart." -Edgar Lima (my little brother)
“: I bet that DVD will also come out "soon".” THIS.
So does that mean I can officially stop trying now?
but does a pity #FF still count.....
ALways good 2 see ya :) Have a Great Moms Day :)
Great job on Here Comes The Boom, I had fun on set!! Keep em coming!
am on some shit really doe
its been a crazy year:O heheh and i loved every min of it ;)
Beautiful Day Here in Miami!!! Heading to work!!!
I loves chocolate! :)
is SOLD OUT !!
So, whatever doesn't kill me makes me stronger, applies to bug larvae. ...although it does help to wash them down with some whiskey.
The Drake thirst on my TL tho and its not just females :/
“: My mind was blown when I realized "OK" is a sideways person.” HOLY SHIT
Thank U! Thank U for the follow! :-) have an awesome day!
The Pari-Mutuel Tax (if anybody can take any pleasure in that blood money) is up $14,800,000. [1944]
pay the lord be with us <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Perfect. Will Intervention be right after that then?
Dont want to come back yet
50% off a Signature Facial and Brow Wax at the Wauwatosa Wellness Center - head to www.crowdclick.com to get yours!
Happy Mother's Day! Waiting to call mine until I know for sure her flowers have arrived...maybe will give me a heads up??
Wow its nearly midnight and im wide awake and i have a test tomorow
Here is a toast to MCA #another dimension
We have some new staff members. Stop in and say hi to them. Open till 9 Monday through Saturday Sunday till 7 :)
Have a great night everyone DMV tomorrow I would hate to wait in that Line,, call me for an appointment 702-882-6007
Cool im just chilin with the wife
He's making me suffer...lol
"I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids"
Not true at all, we gotta hook up...
Had a couple absinthe shots, the smuggled in kind.
what rivalry? and its goodbye to atm...for good! 2-0 on the day on game winning kicks what a great
Congrats to for his new gig at #Transalta. Another successful escape from journalism.
It's my birthday! I'm 25!
thank you for coming!!
Wish I could be there! Break a leg!
I'm coming with you next time u go away
My boyfriend >> yours.
Watching jamie fox in jimmy kimmel,i didnt know he was that funny ..
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets
Try my patience prayer: Lord, give me patience,....and I want it right now! ;)
Let us know if you hear anything you like
I was wondering the same thing last week. #voiceof90'sbball
Got my car money today,,, now to find a car -_-
Nice! Free receptionist!
it is rather nice.
The actors are going over their lines, and the DP and Key Grip are setting up the rain rig - 'cause we make it rain. #TooCheesy?
You never realize how much you use a body part until it starts hurting.
The what, now?! lol..
We change your oil rain or shine. We come to your office or home. Discounts available for groups.
Friday Happy Hour at the GOLD CLUB from 4 to 8 grab 2for1 drinks from the bar and 50cent wings from the kitchen!
thanks birky. Miss my bp partner
that's what they get for wearing those hideous things!!
that's awesome. I love seaside! =] not much, just hanging out!
Evan Sandhaus of NYTimes discusses in details NYTimes's upcoming "See Also" semantic web #lodlam prototype - coming soon
Checking out what this #Banff Film Festival is all about.
Hard to imagine a more depressing template than 8 years of mismanagement, war, and debt, followed by 3 years of misplaced blame.
but since my dad moved out hes been nice to us now
RT : #AmericanU campus more excited about government #shutdown than the NCAA champions. Realities of college full of
Attempting to do this book assignment. I hate my lit teacher. That's why people say her ass smells like hamsters. Bitch. xD
First impression is everything
Ok! I will(: Bye
hehe. I could quote that movie in my sleep, dawg.
anyone awake and working today?!! Hit me im bored as shit!!!
I've been working my ass off, no sleep, not eat.
Let's go, #Astros!
the fault in our stars is a much better title
Thanks Ken! I'm a huge U2 fan as well!
Lovely meeting you last evening...looking forward to possible collab in educating youth and introducing you to !
Oh, yes! So hungry now...
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
your Facebook was deleted cause you posted a "duck face" photo
Top notch work you guys! cc/
Atkins: Moving bill today on multi-family housing. Need to find permanent source for affordable housing
Im so ready for school
Maybe you should consider that I'm trying to help you
goodnight baby, thank you so much for making my dream come true. I love you <3
I wish it was that easy!
": I'm tryna hit up the titty bar" lets do it
correction. Lin says it's periwinkle blue. Do edit your tweet, before Lin makes you edit it.
Yes please you must! that would be so fun!
>: "some organizations have learned to embrace the nerds, and the importance of nerds out there" ;)
One More Hour Till CB Drop Dat
Hey my BFF just earned Top 20 Under 40 for Decatur, IL...and you know, birds of a feather...#40under40 ;-)
“: RT : Two superstars can't beat 12 good players”
I love how my timeline is filled with boobs :')
dominant show. I will warn you though, the last season kinda is a disappointment.
Last Minute #Holiday Shopping!! Now Where's That Gift Wrap...
You're a teenager if you're in love with someone who doest even know your name
Sellcomms (Sellcomms) thanks for the follow.
The Nuggets go up against the Dallas Mavericks at home tonight at 10:30 p.m.! Go, Nuggets!
Android Device Returns Cost Operators $2 Billion Per Year
Pinkberry WONT do the trick . . skinny bitch (:
call rich n tell him too I'm not up there
MUAH!! Loved meeting Angel and seeing you!! So excited that you're back in NYC!
Germantown treating Madison Memorial like a red-headed stepchild. I'm loving it.
I does :D hahh
RT : "We Talkin' Bout Practice"Bet your team doesn't show radnom Wednesday practices on ESPN
yeah man theyre wicked!
Did you catch the Country Music Awards last night? Who was your favorite winner?
pi day gifts
Mike Brown <<<
#whynow?? Why not?!
What a beautiful day in Boston, 51 and sunny... can't wait to see what the spring will be like!!
What the hell is Jennifer's body and why am I watching?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Both of them will be home real soon tho! <3 :)
I should be sleeping right now.
Best mistake I've found in my first chapter: Instead of "Maintaining social order," "Marinating social order." Good thing I caught it.
Thanks for sharing Trenni! If a newbie runner (me) decided to do this, what do you recommend for training, etc?
Your Chicago Cubs. Finding ways to lose since 1908.
Thanks for everything :)
Up early working on this new design for this athletic camp.
Good Luck today honey!
Sound check.
see you tonight????
it never ceases to amaze me how many musicians i cohabit with in L.A., and how few of them are even remotely interesting.
He won't walk over anyone's feelings, won't push you into a corner. - matthew
are puns about blackberrys and kettles/pots you idea of "taste of originality"? If so, it tastes bad.
Attention WORLD – rocked it as TONY. as MARIA! Fierce. Thank you for coming to !
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to tell our story in 90 seconds
just had the best tacos al pastor washed down by ice cold horchata.
and you aren't ghetto.
No laughing in the glasses!!!
i still hate the Cardinals...with all due respect - lineup is really impressive. hating them is my way of respecting.
strictly speaking prayer is an ultimate form of worship if done genuinely I believe
NEED to listen to NEW music. I love being at with everything but sometimes I miss all the new stuff. Any suggestions?
Done for the night! We start tracking tomorrow!!
Yes!! Braveheart is on!!
whoops I meant you're awesome not your.
telling u. I eat it twice a day, haven't been sick n five yrs
dude totally ... I try for a new one everyday lol ...
I don't want to be bored to tears on my cross country flight next month! I need Wi-Fi.
Trapped indeed. Believe it or not we're working on it -- we have a vendor chosen and are testing the security of the system.
sure, I followed him :)
we even added some more modern songs, you know, ones that were written after 1972
I just don't want you leaving, even though I give you reason.
Cold play
When you laugh a little too loud in a quiet place.
Molly: 333 professors have signed our petition, so some are being driven out by the climate here. We're immensely wealthy.
no snappy response to that one, eh?
Helped manage a nonprofit event yesterday. More tired than I've ever been the day after my own events!
What is art? Prostitution. ~ Charles Baudelaire
I am rewriting radio.You could hear anything at any time in any order. No potty talk. CyberStationUSA.com Mp3archives.
People thats press to be peoples friend <<<<<.
Wise people understand that courage is an exhibition of intelligence, esp. when displayed in pursuit of a noble cause!
Definitely going to have to use at least one of those if I can. I think "disembark the page" is my favorite.
Bud light on my right hand 420 in my left!!!....chillin
We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys
Literally in tears. Hollie. I love you baby.
I came empty handed, I ain't leaving the same.
today kicked my ass
my old phone died, had to buy an iphone, damn
RT : I just saw my hotel bill. So glad my library is paying for this shit. True that!
its because you aren't interesting enough
Got questions about #tefl, #esl, #tesol? Join us for a tweetchat at 4 MST! Just use #bridgeteflchat to follow and join the conversation!
waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for to have a shirtless picture!! Follow back? No.. Damn :'(
I want to make people smile:)
Justin Bieber, Carly Ray Jepsen, Jersey Shore, Ryan Seacrest are also here!
The chupacabra has been spotted at union station, we're open and ready to suck your goats.... I mean serve you tacos.. See you soon
Best feeling ever = LOVE
ah I see.
Strange, it seems like a character mutation
we shot down under 471 by newport high school
oh someone poked me. this means war.
I wish today I could get a happy birthday from :]
Your emotions are leaking.
I have seen that... not clear enough to see what it says. someday maybe. even if I could just manage to ask him.
That should be it, but it's not turned on yet. I'll see what I can do today to get it working.
Looking for a femme fatale, little person PI, and a villain for our series. Not typical hollywood types. Eccentrics who have really lived.
Wonder if the Amish buy their kids Christmas Presents from the Cracker Barrel Toy Shop.
Break time on a Friday!!
total A-hole.
PeoplesSummit rocks U have 2 be here.
yes, I will, it would be great to see you, are on the jazz fest?
#facepalm, THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO WILL DETERMINE OUR FUTURE!
tone loc, jolly ranchers...not the candy but the little cowboys. Cake & Ice cream...SPRINKLES lots of SPRINKLES.
Thanks for the retweet, Valerie!
It's beautiful <3
haha i knew what it meant but i dont use things like that
Please welcome kylifegoeson to the Max life
As hard as it may be to start fresh, keep in mind that with every ending comes a beginning.
Ya know Bradshaw only fumbled because of his broken foot.
very excited because I am now on Twitter. Please follow me and I will follow you too! :-)
going to take a leap in the brackets tomorrow?
I was screaming that when I read it for some reason.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 2
hey can you PLEASE follow me? k thx! lol plz
I would love to, yea, email me bout the plans
No one said it would be easy
It strikes me that we take some things in #HigherEd mostly on faith (eg performance funding) but not others (eg the importance of diversity)
I hate you a little.
Justin is out flawless idol. lol
someone ate way too much chocolate shake...
Just watched a neat movie: Lunopolis. Conspiracy theories, found footage, and maybe time travel. Really enjoyed it.
My bo ;) Goodnight loves. Its a dolo nite
I'm so mad all world playing online and we have shit hole sites like a Cake
are you going to their concert this summer?
I have the lakers get the sorry ass mavs in the first round
OK, let's get back down to business. I lose another awesome team member today to a nice promotion. This calls for Sokowlowski's.
Sweet thanks, I'll check it out!
#NCCAF is always over my birthday (17th), and it's always the best present a boy could want. Thanks for an incredible festival!
I always ask myself this question, why are the people who always help others always in the most pain.
I love you so much and im dying to go to one of your shows! Please tweet me!!!! :)
For coaching tips, contact the NV Oral History program. RT : Nevada to play Oral Roberts in the first round of the NIT tournament.
We are here!
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know! I'll fix it right now.
I'm diggin' my new tumblr page :)
my blessings go out to u on the book!
I'm tryin to go to sleep but I can't
haven't been there yet, but we're hoping to make it there this year!
« You know why it's hard to be happy? Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.»
Follow Shes With
Cashier gay af at this store..this nigga got pink snowflakes on his hat
thank u so much i found a perfect one!!!! i love @ slickwynn94 and especially taken cutler down...lol
RIP Mr. Edwards. My best friend's grandpa just died. Please pray for her family. :(
Please RT: Board positions available for this year's show. for more information.
Damian, Hudson Taylor (<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>) I dont think you'll like them though, The Script and Ryan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
iPod app allows publishers to automatically render content in digital magazine-style layout when content shared socially.
It smells so fucking bad in this school
DM me your email, and I'll get the questions to you tomorrow.
my mom thinks Piero looks like harry potter, Ignazio looks like ricky martin and Gianluca looks like rico suave...wtffff...they do not...
Rest in Peace Sherwood Schwartz
Symmetrical 20 meg here, 50 meg there. Vegas businesses are starting to get it. Move away from that user dependent network. Get Airband.
THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT EVERYONE :-)
If you go, please blog it! Makes me wish I lived on the east coast again.
I can't wait to see sack peyton manning!!!!!
TY 4 #FF - today and last Friday - I trust you and your family r doing well!
at #IMEX , Las Vegas. Meeting great industry leaders today and tomorrow. Impressive conference.
'HOMEOWNER BILL OF RIGHTS' MOVING ALONG IN SACRAMENTO - U-T San Diego
whats up wit everyone gettin a twitter now ive had mine forever
check out our new FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/ateapot
Who can cut hair like a pro,? Cut mine, down? :))
Yep!! Try living here!! Sucks!!
alright. 4 job applications to do today. GO!
right track?
Well nothing feels real anymore I'm not taking my time anymore To show you how i feel To show you who i am Cause it's locked away...
yes you do you are a brave forever!
Great piece on by in the new !
doesn't mean anything unless u cut the nets down were cutting them down for#8 this year
Retweet if you want to #Bring1DToSeattle!!!
happy birthday ! & remember to take notice the fire exits INCASE of a emergency hehee ;0]
Confused #ProjectRunway - wondering why in last night's challenge they started in Central Park, but ended up finding people in Union Square
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you....
The Sultan Of Swat!
I got two more years in this school until I graduate! Bahhh. I just want to live on the moon!
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light. Dorothy Thompson
Denny would want to join in too :-)
Laying out in the sun, tanning what a beautiful day <3
Glad to have Abdullah, a man from Jordan, stay with us for a bit. He's a fellow student in my graduate program.
I think the officials have been great so far.
Hey Singing Bee fans: I'm doing a live Q&A on the Bee's Facebook page tomorrow at 3pm central. Come join and ask me anything!
lol nice! tell me if you can air guitar to this --> www.facebook.com/spencetheband :)
roll over to what???
Interesting read. I was just thinking on this topic and how nice it is to buy *short* tech books with no fluff.
One of my favs!
you still have MySpace? Your just cool of it! In class tweeting you! :) follow please
84?! Lmao i don't even think they had a 3 point line then : just be ready Sunday!!
happily installing adobe cs4; looking forward to the new features
Its My Birthday<3 Im Turning 14 today shout to abby from missouri on ustream please<3<3
OMG. I just laughed so loud on the subway..everyone looked at me like I was crazy. That was hilarious!
Thanks, Misty!
I am not willing to pay a single cent, so ...
there's no way O knows.
Is the ZICO from the OC Fair?
it's called shanaban
Third Annual Week of Bacon at Restaurant 3
Wow - that looks amazing. Have a great rest of the day!
Crispy Whitefish Sandwich, pickled green bean slaw, spicy aioli, mustard vinaigrette, soft bun for brunch at Perennial Virant.
I'm such a lazy girl today. Geez. X
She Acting Odd This Morning
Agreed! It's why having a daily success routine - a morning and evening ritual - is so important!
So bored.
Congratulations to the Museum’s Education Coordinator, Maurita N. Poole, who graduates today with a Ph.D. in Anthropology from Emory...
The story is called Things Happen 4 A Reason if u want moreinfo plz tweet me n audition n yes mb are in it
The Lonely Island Go For Greatness On Turtleneck And Chain
u wrk today?
*~Did u see yo son and that pic if u didnt may god cool u down~*
Omg...milz at twilight
yay! We r on the metro
that's a lotta miles. Here in DC?
you win.
thanks for creating this page
Amazing artist created a rad design that all of us are stoked to share with you! Arriving soon from Gulu!
: WORD. Bye nasty Bruce. Aston is so much hotter anyway - and a suspected Republican to boot. Bye
was off of school for a week. i am dreading going back.
lol the only time I don't text you back is if you talking bout LEBRON <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Parents and caregivers with kids - Mother Goose Story Time Library Program at Barrett Branch in Old Town. 10:15 a.m. Tues.
Neither. We always called them potato bugs.
If i lick your vagina, you swallow my cum, you got all sort of juices down there,
that's what i thought it might have been.
I say fuck you less Im wit ya If I take you out of the picture I know real niggas gon miss ya No lie no lie -Drake
You, too, Dennys!
Rondo is the king of passing up layups
Homer Bailey has a bad game, and Twitter blows up. Johnny Cueto has a bad game, and Twitter is silent. What gives, fellow #Reds fans?
Clearpath is hosting a technical session on the VCE (VMware, Cisco and EMC) coalition Thursday the 15th in DC. Email me for details
Cool :) I'm sure you'll breeze through those classes.
thanks bro
The nurse said that with everyone being stuck at home, due to snow, she expects the delivery room to be very busy in 9-1/2 months.
Another day another video put on the first page of google.anyone know a biz owner with an earth friendly biz that want free marketing help
thanks girl! I packed too many shoes : )
I'm strong on the surface not all the way through. I've never been perfect but neither have you.
weirdo! x)
Bud Select and silence are nice things.
alas the dog does not talk in The Dogfather.
Dawn. You are are dumb. HE HAS A KID! Things will change.
Optis are Available for Sailing School « Port Madison Yacht Club
If you're serious about it, send us an email: We should do it after the next album drops.
Yes, this will be my first time legitimately in Chicago!
Thinks needs to do a live version of Mean Planes and Taylor Gangs mixup by Brenton Duvall
#Flizzor Im going to #NewYork who's with me
Welcome back to Twitter, my friend.
It's a good life on a boat!
This line at Men's Warehouse is outrageous
the one from overseas? Tell em to hit me up on here
will be in Bristol next week will try and keep you updated!!
#twins game now officially postponed to June 30th. Tickets will be honored.
I think every tweet should end with the tweeter saying, "You're welcome!" Let's get this going guys! You're welcome!
"Get a job? What for?"
wats up then
: Thanks Niel for the awesome support! :)
what's going on in Vegas?
KT tape = lifesaver <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
How so?
M Asian Beef Vegetable soup today! So good!
Hi Congratulations on your Indie Intertube Award! Well done :)
I can,t really change the "world"...but I can try to make GOOD music!...ya know?
True: Delivering Happiness books are up for grabs.
give me shout out :3<3
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.'
Sloppy joes for lunch
i just want #taylorallderdice to drop so my focus can be off of fab...
That's really lovely, and seems like good advice for life.
"Time is only right when YOU make it right. If you just sit and wait, the right time will never come"
cool. What are you doing job wise now?
No real surprise, Raiders' McClain active for Dolphins game
I have to clean this french press once in a while.
Work at 5 .
But..it's amazing. I love living here. We experience so many different cultures every day. I just hope Other "new Yorkers" appreciate it too
Portofino Key Club & Resort: Northern Italian trattoria overlooks the Moorings' yachts. Handmade pasta, sensational seafood & vino
NO LONGER WATCHING
should've called it Modern Swag, cuz I'm sure there is plenty going on in the EP!
Really enjoying California
Today, better go friggin fast
have an amazing work day sexy <U+274C><U+2764><U+274C><U+2764><U+274C><U+2764>
hahaha I just saw the commercial and thought of you(:
Use #ThankaTeacher for National Teacher Appreciation Day! Such a rocking hashtag. How about a shoutout to your parents?
I want tickets, I NEED tickets!.
Fools will be slayed...and that's a fact
Best wishes in retirement to - the Great Center in the #NBA, One of the best of All-time! And my favorite player Since
ICTs and girls: in Nepal a radio show "Chatting with my best friend." Text message to address access issues. Combined Technologies
follow me back to :) i just followed u! u sing or what?
Where the hell did this false count come from?Is that what got us to 15-1?
and they won't remember. Waste of money and sanity. My rule is, if you're too small to carry your own stuff, you don't go.
need to get some shows/tour happening. def interested to come. can we open for you?? let's make a plan!
ok I digg dat they do stank I smokem & I hav 2 let the window down 2 breathe
Parks and Rec is literally the best show ever
of course it was Fag Mayweather gotem right back and it was over as planned! Ortiz got two checks! One for fight and one from flyd
<<< She is good for that!
chyea it always satisfies
watching x factor
Anybody following "Lost"
Supermoon was super beautiful tonight.
The fact they're doing the WWE Championship Chamber first all but guarantees a surprise in the World Heavyweight Championship Chamber
How when they get done with phase 2 of Bush policies there won't be any good paying jobs.#righttowork only.
yeah i might not either
He clearly can't stand ... So I guess im going to bed angry / sad .
Enjoying a little SG-1 before bed. Back to the grind tomorrow!
Something I learned from Google today: "KMGH" can also stand for the Kapiolani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital in Hawaii.
I stood up in class and screamed,"AIRPLANE MODE!" then through my phone across the room and it crashed..
Ed Farmer is fond of giving cross streets for his childhood events
we are going about 3pm
Find someone who will change your life, not your Facebook status. New Facebook status, you welcome
fuck, I forgot my headphones -.-
hmm. scale must be broken.
April 1st Disappearance of Butterfinger® Bars Linked to 2012 Prophecy, Fans Urged to Save the World via Online Game ...
thanks again, this latest issue is great and is proud to be included!
thanks 4 the follow.
Where are you moving?!
it's not even 7th yet lol. Tell her i said hello
um yeah...thanks for the reminder :)
Was asked tonight if my work is a real job or if I'm "just gathering experience." I'm not in jail so I must have reacted well.
I'm almost done w Catching Fire!
how are you doin that while layin down? Lol.
Satter made the point that black migrants traded the debt peonage of sharecroppig for the dept peonage of segregated housing in urban north
I'm no Chris Daughtry ;) that guy's in a league of his own! :P<3<3<3<3<3
Follow my boo
Live with m-o of mainstream music that we have. stop by to hear some very random stuff.
wats the obsession with justin bieber im srry for this but i dont get it !!!!!
Jordan says "other actions may be forthcoming by the district"
#MyResolution is boring so here's a (nonviable at the moment) one: Finally move to San Fran.
Good luck Danya!
We're honored to be one of your fave places, thanks for stopping in! Did you try any of our new flavors?
Finally, I have a hot gynecologist! They really do exist!
and PLEASE feel free to follow my personal twitter account, i update there a lot more and maybe i can actually talk to you guys . (:
road trip!
I was just chatting with chair of oversight committee about this issue Tuesday.
SO CLOSE TO 1000!!!!
I am a humanities salesman.
And just for fun one last time , #newnordstrom green
I do replace them with proteins. Until I run out of proteins and don't go to the store and get Culver's and relapse.
drinks are yummy so far so I'm happy ;)
Ugh I'm so annoyed right now!!
” Cale Yarborough“Advice is what we ask when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t
Rick Pitino has been at Louisville for 11 seasons now? #wherehavethepast10yearsofmylifegone?
it made me throw up today though....30minutes nonstop cardio!!
Hobart, I won't miss you :D
Charles Barkley Aka chuck is so country I always wanted the country boy accent
Wake and bake at 4:30
Saturday morning #GYMTIME. You had yours yet?
So happy to be free of BS and be inspired daily with positive inspiration! #Cantholdmedown!
couples -1. Lee westwood for the lead.
Sitting in the car, and the song twitter lover came on, while im on twitter..
I wish I was at the karmaloop sale and not getting ready for work
Yayyyyy so happy
Might be doing a State Fair over the summer cool!
Hosp/Major Deductible- Common Incident Provision means if everyone is hospitalized for the same incident. There is only 1 Deductble for all
In the Dome...ready for the game to start!!! Go Saints!!!! Who Dat!!!
Great ad placement #thepitch!!!
really?? I don't mind. I actually prefer Bill Hall over some of the no-name young players.
Who wants to go to Residuals? ER just sent me a check for $5.04 and I think it's best spent on a pint!
¤ Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike. J. K. Rowling
Thanks for the follow!
dude I was jus tellin we need to go!
Thats so sweet(: Cherish your time with them!
Boston Bruins!!!!!
enjoying your piece on simplicity! cc/
who's sad
Our 1,000 Tweet! Help support us and get your friends who never had their eye health evaluated to us!
I bet McGee has a break out season next year. Bet a bill on it...
“Be not the first by whom the new are tried, nor yet the last to lay the old aside.” Alexander Pope
#astd2012 got some great tips on what I can do to increase my Brain Fitness! My favorite session so far and I will be using the activities
on my profile in the favorites
Gregg Doyle could at least elaborate on his comment. Sometimes I don't think he deserves his audience. What a comment. He's full of it.
And a Thank You for the re-follow.
“: best roommates ever?! #R&R” Uh, YEAH! Hell!!
I didn't tweet about my shattered right arm? No way. Rocked the art commission for $500 with one arm tied behind my back (so to speak)
gonna get some pho, m
I appreciate your support! but I have bad news: is named Tim Lee (and is a really smart guy to boot)
Flipping between european tour and #game7. Great night for sports! Go #rangers!
It's little comments like those that really makes me worry about my family.
Aaron Hernandez is cute. But SXREW YOU.
Movie tickets cost 15.95!?! Back in my day you could take $20 to the theatre and you and your date would be satisfied. Damn you inflation!
is on with & in about 30 min! Singing & cooking on
I drafted Mike Young this year, so feel free to cast him a pre-season mvp canidate! Haha funny i had u in mind after pick too
How a Simple Change Can Make a Dramatic Difference I was just reading an article in Sunset Magazine that covered a variety of interesting
I think chachi and JB should go out I luv Selena but still
never shout never always makes me think :/
since i've done nothing productive all day, i'm loathe to just sit around. but that seems to be all i'm capable of at the moment.
Totally enjoyed talking with ! Thank you for the book signing!
Was inspired listening to Motor Company's Raj Nair yesterday at the EMMP Program. The future looks bright!
RT : The In-Heat Wheat is just OK. I wanted cloves... there are no cloves.
Wisconsin THANKS YOU Ed! Solidarity!!
Who else is going to be at SXSW next week? Let's link up.
Countdown to Starbucks time: 3 hours
Taking my oldest girl out with me. She's so much fun!
RT : What will you do today to support your local economy? Shop with a local independent business. Make an effort.
My lil cupcake Diana decides to bother me when she's bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It's a complex issue, but I think one of value of qual is the human component. It seems like a missed opportunity
Don't pull away and lock myself away
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
That angry moment when you can’t find any meat in your soup.
this box can't hold the details we shall discuss! Its funny :-p
have the people who made this movie even been to NYC? cause there isn't a Tudor style house across the street from 30 Rock.
cool bro!
The submissions for the Open City Challenge have arrived at our new storefront! Come vote at the opening event June 17 5-8pm Cc
Why did you miss me? ;)
thank you! Let's hope it can withstand another 10.
Peaceful Journey.... RIP Heavy D
just life & music fam. whats good w/ you bro?
u alive? Haven't heard from you.
but you're really not ugly. You ARE BEAUTIFUL! :)
Laying in bed .
Ready to rock the red !
Rehearsal this Friday, then V-day weekend!
Bad Brains
A little Maker's and a nice Romeo y Julieta vintage corona...must be Friday night.
you don't follow yourself.....
Do you want Italian for dinner?
my nose is full of boogers
my agent it's having me wait on workshops, but actors connection and one on one are the two biggies...
yeah I want it if you still have it. I could come get it. Where at?
Bro I Cant Wait To See The Boyz On Abdc Again! I Know For Sure Im Gonna Cry Lol
Im looking at rich people eating alot of rich food, seriously ?
94% of women will preface their parallel parking with, "I suck at parallel parking."
whatt??!! They hate because they can't dance as great as you :D . .!! Love you Jaja<3 and come back to the US :):)
I will make the wealth of my son's life & future the motivation in my daily life. Within their future ,lies my purpose.
just saw your tweet -- hooking up your computer is no problem.
NE is not looking good
Breaking news: Tito Rojas and La India to perform live on July 8th at Milwaukee's lakefront Summerfest 2012 in Wisconsin.
I would imagine. If not then best buy. (:
HOW THE FUCK U A LVL:60 AND THE GAME JUST CAME OUT YESTERDAY???
So I'm only awesome just for this? pshh lol xD and, I'm positive we can.
hahaha. I hope you feel better :) im sick too. I cant stop coughing :/ well i hope you had a wonderful New Year! :)
Thats my brother tho ; Crazy Tail(:
post the most ridiculous tweets
I love a girl that has pretty panties and greasy lips..
#NP dj khaled ft chris brown rick ross nicki minaj && lil wayne- take it to the head!
Football combines two of the worst things in American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.- George Will
thank you!
Good morning Milwaukee! Warm day today, and for Wake Up Wedding Week- bridesmaids dresses and affordable honeymoon ideas!
Hometown show tonight I will def be at Rivertown prior.
at the dr office getting my last treatment WOOHOO!!!!!
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i really hope you see this, i love you
I still haven't seen everything. And I drive so slow. I should just get out and walk sometime.
is packing for South Beach, drinking Shiraz, and listening to Xtina Aguileras Xmas record :-)
Who's excited for draft night?! What do you think the top 10 of the 1st round will look like?
Tomorrow I just want to drink coffee, listen to music and read.
to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at Wentz Hall, Sat 4/21 at 8pm! Must see!
she's a little bit of heaven with a wild side <3
Watching movies in math <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Congratulations St. Louis Cardinals.#worldseries. Championship #11 in '11!
An idea worth shouting! walking over tiles in the built environment that capture energy.
Couldn't be prouder of and - thanks for the ride gents.
I won't be able to watch them for 2 wks. #youdontknowPAIN</3
Nd we gonn party, like there ain't no tomorrow
Great. So numb after the dentist... can't even call my dogs back home. They just keep looking at me like I'm a retard.
well I hope he told you all about it... and that you're going to share it at the next
I'm a producer from Houston, what type of music you into? I'd like to send you a exclusive package of new ones I've made
Kicking ass at pool with
haha thank ya
#americasgottalent is ON!!!
hey! (: met u guys yesturday! i followed <3 please follow back ? :)
please dont give me up for lent :(
RT : #MusicMonday "I Need Thee" by & #TheEncounter Needing God to get through this work day.
woman warrior
Ok, have to stop trying to do everything in this one paper and just do what I can. Done is good. Save improvements for the book.
or perhaps he's been offered a spot as a Fox News talking head.
yep yep your very hot :)
No ones replying to my text messages./: Great. I'm lonely . :(
I am now in pre-production for the video series, storyboarding the first season.
Wow aim <.< Whats aim? lmao Aim is getting lame -__-
interesting....RT : ty to #GoldmanSachs inviting 600 peeps to talk on meditation in investment bank-who'd of thought?
What is #Elul? Elul is the Hebrew month before the Jewish New Year. Its the signal to get our resolutions ready and our life back on track.
I forgot how beautiful my drive home is. Or even how much faster others drive when it's daylight. CHEERS, to sunset commutes& longer days.
SHRIMP TACO'S tomorrow on SINGLE CHEF! Easy and Freakin Delish!! LIVE @ Monday 6pm Pacific 9 Est. link is www.theroomlive.com C ya then!!
Great Album guys,much respect!
me and my best friend sent in a letter to Ellen talking about all the amazing things about you :) Btw 11:11:)
These are literally my exact words. RT : "may the 4th be with you" *blockdelete*
I think we just hit Gene Hackman with our van.
hey Adam! Huge fan. Would love for you to check us out. We're a band managed by !
go look them up ,)
Omg ,ok if you gone have your ass out in a pic ,please make sure your underwear is not shity
If this year would just end, I think we'd all be okay.
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF ASK HIM TO PAY YOUR MORTGAGE
ahahahahahaha .... why, yes. I suppose it does. 0.o that's QUITE the title
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
yup its just my little snack before I go to the gym lol it was low fat burger ^.^ “ sum diet”
What happened to the emergency alert test? I'm watching CNN and.... nothing. :(
DO IT BRUH
I haven't been to Toys"R"Us in SO long!
u took me out of ur thing :(
I need a fuckn job ASAP
Been writing anything of late? i confess to not checking your blog.
you never on when im on
I didn't see anything in the press release that detailed funding source. Did you?
Cal won't be after their loss and our win. Go Aztecs! I...I believe...
not shaving so you keep it in your pants...or rather out of your pants
maybe if u kept ur white phone you'd attract ur perfect Asian man. Think about it.
Why am I up so early on Saturday morning?
no thank you ... Let's take more ..
not for anthony...for cool math games... rt ": julie is hurrying. i repeat, julie is hurrying !"
There are
I love the rain, I really do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><U+2614>
“: I miss the #orioles.” Me too! Evening routine askew.
so fake
now imagine if we were sponsored by Monster, the beverage?
Cheap O's! Wire folks ain't excluded.
dam back that up hallendale
my balls & my word, buddy :)
Yes PA3 is definitely on my list of "movies to see" :)
I'm a manager of tech services, IT, doc delivery, and digital projects at an independent research library
So that's my #tourDECure folks. Look like met my goal 6h 30min in saddle!
who's he?
Good morning all you #twitterbugs so happy that Friday is finally upon us! Nothing exciting to do, just sleep and no HOMEWORK!!! Yay
youre too nice:)
If Chuck Norris has 5 dollars and you have 5 dollars... Chuck Norris now has 10 dollars...
gonna be a god day, I can already feel it
Lay back while I illuminate the Darkness <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
i hear that!
6 hours or so left ... Waiting for rapture ... Should be brushing up on heavenese!
I could maybe see a third return to Minny in the cards? If he didn't completely burn that bridge last time..
Well, night will be over in about 50 mins. Then will you tweet again? :-)) If not, have a good night, Nile!
Bout to get my Tan on!! :)
less then 30 minutes! good job!
I'm so clean, why wouldn't I be?
haha why dont you come over and watch them with me
yeah but it's a really cheap magazine that only the most naive catholic priests ever bought before they knew better
Need a director? Jenna Tulls should be cast opposite Arm Pitt. Donchathink?
#WHChat A caution re/ #LRA attacks: please work for peace, not retribution. Peace takes resolve.
I will. Girls is a great show, but I will never forgive HBO for canceling How to Make it in America.
Just finished watching "War Horse" Really good movie!!!
NO BEANS PLEASE.!!!
I love how much these anchors get it! #UndercoverDirectionersAtTodayandSunrise :D Xx
lol. Doubt you will
Your novel is now added to the TBR pile; sorry I haven't gotten to it sooner.
People in school are like why are you so quiet, and I’m just like, “Lol, I hate everyone.”
3 hours at Whitman Birthplace! So much thesis stuff!!
Back and forth between O's and Idol!
Just dogs. Hate to discriminate but cats would be difficult to wrangle for an outdoor show. :-}
follow her as it heer 13th birthday 2day andthat would be the best bday present for her pretty please
Align & Yoga Flow Series: This #yoga series builds on the foundational basics of the #asana practice.
not really - usually 1-9 but i maybe able to take an hour dinner on another friday
It is raining cats and dogs out here in #santaclarita!
Gonna Go To The Mall Tmr Then Go To The Mall Again on Tuesday With My Bestie Saryeah & Spend The Night!!! :D
I know!! When I first saw her I thought it was Olly for a second!!
Only days left to win $250 credit. To enter, tweet the scariest place you've been and include
What's the fuss all about? The only stretch of the NE Extension where my Internet doesn't work is Washington DC to New York City.
we did thank u:)
Watched hungry girl on cooking chnl.thought I was in for food porn, but just got the cinemax soft core. No bueno.
fina pop any minute and ima b a daddy :-)
minus 36 cents for me, 93 FTL *cops bike*
imdb stalking, I assume?
Oh it's fine! I'll keep a searchin'.
If Brauns bat was found to be corked on that last broken bat.. Would that be the dagger??
Pretty hair color!
Thx - hanging-in there. Fly back to Hong Kong soon. Alas - business travel...
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
RT : Beat day ever in the #UK! Got to see a #Arsenal #Futbol match! #HatTrick by and meet
Why the fuck would you buy the one direction album multiple times. Like, I'd understand buying it on itunes, and then getting it in CD form
is shining a light on children who are #homeless & #agingout of #fostercare. Lets bring #ProjectMeetMeHalfway to #RhodeIsland!
Of course it's Farm Day!!!!
Historian David Noble- the American patent system was created to protect the rights of individuals but corp. research labs benefit most.~D
Thomas Bruzzesi, top real estate investor for over 10 years will show America how $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan.
A case of Island Wheat and a couple of text books
#MustFollow , the FIRST LADY of #ALLREADYFAMOUZ !!!!
Itching for that paper <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
"I bet my Mom could design me a really cool album cover. It would be like, like a fuckin, like a Holiday Inn Hallway painting."
I keep attempting to kick my To-do lists ass but it keeps hitting back.
"forgot" - sure. She wanted some alone time. ;-)
Sure, let us know when works for you. We're in town this week and next.
Perfect day to be open for #UT spring semester. Come by for some Cuban coffee! RT January 18 is National Gourmet Coffee Day
Q3 Using Google docs to create a collaborative grade level poetry book.
Jigging and square dancing workshop
need a follow to DM
He then said "do you want to do this the easy way or the hard way?" to that I responded "the hard way"
Come on Bank of America, you're interfering with my chick-fil-a breakfast.
Counting down the days till I see & !
how are you?:D
Birthday Cupcakes Homemade birthday cakes and cupcakes are rare these days, which means that if you do go to the trouble of making them y
Maintaining a Christ-like mindset is difficult during finals, can't let exhaustion cloud the cross.. Gotta keep going. To God be the Glory.
what about Indonesia? :'(
i been good just finishing up my school, are u gone be out here this weekend im a try and finish that video on saturday
Having to write about Michael #Fassbender and sex--not to mention talking to him about it--is just plain cruel.
"Peace begins with a smile." -Mother Teresa
I'm going to just go ahead and add this night to my "best nights in California" list.
Aye bro we gotta meet up to make these moves, I move out soon.
Is this by Pittsburgh?
happy va-#LIN-tines day indeed!!!
u want a small one (like lisa) or a big one like mine?
There's nothing like trying to go to sleep early then waking up @ 1:45am.
Which is worse, failing or never trying?
Perfect! Might get one of those myself, LOL!
it's so hot out wish it would all of this heat would disappear!
love break!!! dancin to work
You're gonna have your first period soon.
The Nationals' good pitching and the Reds' mediocre hitting are not a good match. Can we get the Pirates back?
gene wilder is turning 80 next year. my mind has been blown.
Watching teen mom i am so proud of these young girls !!!!
Mark Blumenthal has just returned from a business trip to Chile.
um no she didn't and about what?
I want to be the best skateboarder from this city ever .
thank you! have a great weekend.
Awww man, I forgot to send you all those juicing recipes yesterday.
RT : Someone who RTs this wins "Walk & Talk: West Wing Reunion" script signed by #MartinSheen & whole cast!
RT if ur excited for ocean city!! i am!!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? DM me?
Note to self: Next time bring an umbrella and comfortable shoes when spending the day in downtown Chicago :-/
Ice cream with the family :)
EXCELLENT rollergirl team name! Had a team from DC play ca. year ago; can't recall team name but outfits like Wonder Woman.
It's #Follow Friday time! Gotta give props to for organizing the cookoff this weekend at Coffee Groundz!
Excited to attend today's sessions in European, US and World History at the AP Conference in SF. Good line ups!
I wonder if anybody on SEAL team six was ever a so-called 'bully'? That word means nothing, kind like 'racist'
Some dick actually just asked if I was an accident. I almost fucking slapped him.
Don't live that negative way, make way for the positive day.
Watching food shows at 1 am is not the best thing.
So no zombies and they are still on the farm. Okay I am done with this show. So much promise. What a disappointment.
follow #riseofindies -- valuable insights this evening to be sure!
LOL is "laugh out loud". Text shorthand. Please order my book and help bring attention to this problem. 600,000 women also!
nice in Chicago today, so perhaps it's headed your way, Courtney.
The power is out at 57th Street Books. We apologize for any inconvenience & will be open at 10am tomorrow.
Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.
My brother is fat and runs out of breath so easy. It's so funny
- Then A Bird Hit The Window & Scared The S* Outta Me . . i Took That As A Sign .
Oh how Gloria loves thee.
I gotta keep it moving and NEVER look back the pass needs to stay in the PASS.
See you there! MT : 14 days to Destination ImagiNation Global Finals! Excited to celebrate creative brain...
without a doubt!
Omfg I just watched the movie dear john n I lived it... really good movie
For real. I prefer Dave Ramsey's view: *we* are the economy.
np. can try again later if you have access to a cam.
Finally- I can put words to my deep man feelings. Thanks
I got MB on blast
Going to bed early with a good book.
These finals are gonna be the death of my grades!!!!!
go online, i miss ur adorable tweets! hehe, hope u have a lovely day! love u so much! xoxo<U+2665>
Dumping for use with scheduled tweets on looking something more reliable.
Do you have any shipping in philippines? How could I buy the Valerian
Sold! Don't give into the 3 hour rule. It's a fine balance. As long as it comes with sugar & flour...all is right in the world!
Love it! RT : introverts in a completely extroverted society through social networking. Crazy, huh?
DO IT!
A remarkable day at Lost Apple blog! My most hits ever! I can't thank you all enough!
If only the souls of my shoes could speak, the story will be of rough roads through beautiful bridges.
Thanks for following, Lee!
hey girl!! :D hows AZ treatin' ya...& when are you coming to LA!?
To a project chick, I'm da best it go get!
same here! nothing much!
only U would think to post this!
I have my full make up done and its only 4...
There's a lot of talent around the league this year, it's hard to say how things will play out.
I'm not a stranger! Doesn't count ;)
Wow, Check out the blog: Why the F*** do you have Kids?
I'm fine with Doug.
Sometimes I wish I was a character in family guy. Like really a cartoon.
Lazy Sunday. Well, Lazy Sunday morning, anyway. Gotta get work done!
wow brittani you look really tall.
I've got two things in mind for Cult Spark. Was just thinking about how I really need to write at least 1 this week.
This show's gonna go LATE. RT : me too.
Making things difficult - Herald Scotland
RT : I'm djing at the show at the Sunset Tavern tomorrow night. I'll play at least 3 songs off The Wood soundtrack
Got a B in French I. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Happy mothers day to all the moms you guys are very special and I hope this day is special for you cause you deserve all o it
Thanks for winning the award for driving the farthest to the IIA Kickoff event tonight!
this weather is perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
twitter for customer service rocks
I always feel smarter after reading Spin Sucks cc
"Chika Chika in the Galleria at Sunset is So SUPER CUTE!!!"
Sunday Fun Day at #Paradise Valley Mall! 20-25% off all jewelry merchandise! Hurry visit us today!
Try going European at #WineRiot NYC:
RT : No idea 's SM strategy was so robust. Thx & for visiting #mcom333 - too
Pitting pomegranate seeds under a pool of water in a large salad bowl makes the seeds fall super easy, no splattering red stains either :)
Don't look at me I'm right up there with y'all.
You don't silence ignorance by ridiculing it, but by doing good, educating by example
So what if I follow most of my followers? They are my fans right? My teammates don't have as many fans as me. They are just jealous.
Ya! was pacing outside from 630am for the gates to poen. SO glad I went too!
first of all...thank u Lord for waking me up....
#ACMawards Loved performance and dress and shows I just love her
Most fears are self-created. If you create it, you can overcome it.
Winter Pledge Drive ! Please contribute & support another 30 years of John Schaefer spinnin' new & unusual music:...
What do you think about Technorati ? Do you use it? Does it work?
he really lose it doe .. smh
lol that is a good idea
bird for dinner!
Life is a lot like toilet paper. You're either on a roll.. or you're taking shit from some asshole.
appears that way.... he asking for one giant splinter!
I'm so over
Whoa! Yea that real soon! Congrats
ikr? all their articles are followed by K diatribe from their readers. you are what you attract.
I'm so tired my eyes are seeing doubles like I'm drunk
Also it's ronnie jackson's birthday. So, double incentive.
I got kicked out of the bedroom for farting and shitting in the house. Kinda in trouble.
This guy makes me wanna cry. Is it his hair? Or his obnoxious question?
The difficulties we experience as we attempt to be like someone else, are the growing pains of discovering our own uniqueness.
HOW CAN I SHOW YOU THEM ?? THERES 9 I NEED TO SHOW YOU!xx
what Do You Think Of Tebow In A Jets Jersey? Even Though Im A Bronco Fan I Wish Them The Best. :D
I'll have to squeeze it in b/w work, HS frisbee coaching, a celebration w/drinks and the Youth Poetry Grand Slam tonight.
Do you have a fave truck or food item? I need to start checking some of these trucks out...
Goodmorning getting ready for school:)
me and lexi are way too drunk to look at furniture for our apartment
FOLLOW ME, BABY<3
change is good in your life
Does anyone know what Abraham Lincoln's voice sounds like
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying.
ook!! So I absolutely love the interview you did with the guys and I was like lol-ing
What would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other?
2 hours of f'en sleep...omg
I miss my mom, the most selfless person I know & an excellent role model for me. Although still with us, too far away to hug.
your mind is always in the gutter!
just recomposed myself after that loss. my mind went to a dark place for two hours. shitty playoff scruff, slicked hair and dress shoes on.
the top chefs showing how its done and winning their coats! congrats and !
Drinking 2009 Kobler Family Vineyard Syrah.Cherry, blackberry, pepper,great acidity and smooth tannins. Delicious & Rhone-like
feels so good to click the publish button.
what's going on tonight, new york city?
(When people complain) #ThoughtsDuringSchool Wow! Your life is so hard. Your parents must hate you so much. But hey nice iPhone 4s.
#Clippers win ! Can't wait till the playoffs!
meh. Funny but hardly accurate.
ok and absolutly no patience
so sad that i missed the Assassin Party! Looks like lots of fun. Are you doing another one?
RT : Several words resonate w/
oh, Joe.. Fresh mountain snow + no deadlines= the good life!
Hi Sean!My company's trying to reach someone in Twitter to discuss promotion options,w/o response.Please help,who's the best to contact?
I Don't Do Facebook relationship. I think U understand Y
YEAH GIRL<3333333333333333333
have fun, girl! Pittsburgh is awesome. I love the Shadyside/Walnut St. district. Great shopping there!
Lunch tomorrow?
That moment when the sun is coming up and you're still out
Gotye's real name is Wally. Now he's just somebody that you used know with a cool name.
#majorstalkmode when he comes.
Today Josefine called Don Cherry a "hockey clown". She wasn't being mean, she loves hockey. It sounds cuter in German, I swear. #GoCanucks?
RuPaul's #DragRace finale!!! Who's gonna win??
Please go follow ((:
QR codes that take customers to full site on mobile device is poor experience. It's just having a QR code for its own sake.
Planning, Planning, Planning! Sometimes its just as much fun as Doing, Doing, Doing!
god bless ohh my haters
What is the purpose of creating a JoVE account if we have an institutional subscription?
Nothin else like this.. imma make you my bitch ;)
You are all not seniors juniors or sophomores until I finish my finals give me till Monday at 9:20 then you can bask in the glory
You're right Joe... It's not good. Can't score a run in 2 games.
I am trying to catch up on a number of requested posts: about insurance for fieldwork gear, about how to share materials, etc.
I'm hearing rumors of a sighting in DC. Hope the haven't made any weekend plans.
You'll see I will have my own Youtube channel soon and will be famous! As pets and people from all over the world share my vids!
lol, and by protecting me you mean you stand behind me, protecting my back side ;3 lmfao.
The Crystal Method at BLEU DETROIT tonite!
I exist. And if I speak one thought aloud, that thought lives. Even after I'm shoveled into my grave..
Today, was a day from hell. Can't wait for it to be over. Sadly I know tomorrow will suck, also.
LOL... but its a dry heat
It's not you it's...yeah actually it is you
Just got home I think I might go to bed
new yungin need some studio time
Get Barbara Bach's Bond Girl Look: Bond girls have become a female archetype staple in cinematic culture, and Barbara Bach is no exce...
where are you living in Poland? What piece of boltanskis was it?
Going to do ADR for Hardcore Hearts. Yay for final production steps!
I would be fine with that. Non conf season occurs ages ago. Diff team come march.
The addition to the looks fantastic with unique gallery spaces. Get back there if you can!
I appreciate it. I am sure I'll have more questions for you.
OH HI
Putting myself first on the list this Monday: out for a walk along the harbor before work.
seriously, or dad needs to get her one.
sup big bro
Not surprised. And none of these things are actually useful.
Work in 15 :/
You taught me how to feel the butterflies in my stomach. Over and over and over again.
...seriously, you played a good game that day. I just didn't like the result.
Devin Ebanks is not nearly good enough to take his jersey off after getting ejected
"Best Worst Movie" reminds me why I love movies.
(301):Before I left he asked me if I could submit my panties for the frat house undergarment chandelier. I said yes
Hey Jeff, How are you? <3
What kind of tracks do you listen to on beautiful days like today!?
Sense 5 minutes ago i dont know what just died, A:Me B:My Heart C:All of the above <\3 Mood:Sad and Heartbroken D: <\3
- I'm Too Younq For Marriage, Too Old For Games, & Too Smart For Players <3
Gonna miss rainy games at the old stadium. Fans in the good seats would leave. I'd take their spot after the rain delay.
what kind of nickname is Jew haha
Gotta punch out this essay!!! -___-
Thank you!!!
First of all, if their Internet alias is #TALLHOTBLONDE: you should immediately know they're not!
sorry my love I had to study :( let's hang later! Love u
they just built an iHOP behind my work and now everytime i go to work i think of you...
you're welcome! Thanks for following me too.
At least I know people in my classes ^_^
oh shit here comes tom
I got cha
I guess it's a trend among music legends to barely tweet at all, hence why or don't do it often. Not even
keep following jennette mccurdy keep it up
My mouse keeps mysteriously wandering over to the #ChristmasMusic... I keep having to tell myself just a few more weeks!!!!
Too hot for clothes....love living alone!!!!! Love being naked honestly my fave way to b!!!!
We have yet to find a time of day in which pizza doesn’t taste good.
that's how it's happening. ( correct way of writing it)
Im getting prepared to be a Georgia Bulldog!
Traveling to Coachella or just want the inside scoop? We suggest following She'll have all the info you need!
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation Because they just let anyone on
You can email us at any time with questions or to show us an awesome theme: themes at automattic dot com.
I wish I knew how close Poughkeepsie was to me during The Rise and Fall Of My Pants Tour.
the numbers are larger than ever. I have some hard facts that would blow you away. Why your interest?
She's my kind of gal!!
boy with Dimples awww {in Front of Me¡ ^.^
I knowww, I miss u. I will be <3 txt me tonight.
“: "If you're name-droppy, you're lame-droppy"” Nice! Can I tell people that Sarah Silverman told me that?
And in the end I feel alone.
thinking about doing another reading marathon...Sarah Ruhl, Anne Tyler, "Julie and Julia" and "Twilight" come to mind. Recommendations?
Life is a quest and love a quarrel. —Edna St. Vincent Millay
and that's makes you what 13?
N i got tha gattz...Gilbert Arenas ba especially
A few hours of alone time
and your my one and only<3
YES YES YES! Thanks, Natalia! -Kyle
Fajitas For Two??...who said I was sharing?
where and what time?
swear I ain't ever seen this many bees in my life<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Omg. Im so jealous! There is this thing if you stay in choir 4 years then you go to NY. Yeah, so thats what im gonna do (: lol
Captain! Hawks live another game!!
if you're #TeamCorahn the go follow and
I'm trying to come up in Vegas.
Good! I'm glad.
I've been staring at my computer screen for an hour trying to write this stupid essay :/
thank you! great to see you back at the #showboxsodo for #startupriot and hope to see you again soon! :)
thanks and #FF back!
Currents is based out of central florida!
HUGE CONGRATS ...awesome stuff...ur the first MALE ordered groom I know of from the big C!! RT 2 days till my wedding, sweet!
Thanks and I feel so popular!
Dick Stockton is doing an exceptionally terrible job. He is also 79 years old.
I can hardly wait to read Animals Welcome by one of my all time favs Peg Kehret! It's about her animal rescuing. She's my hero!
Yeah you might eat pussy, But do you eat it good tho ? O_o #YeahIDo lol
Job Board Powered by Bullhorn
That performance was fucking flawless, fall included. My, God.
Love new ideas. My book 'The Maya Prophecy'(soon to be published)may give a different twist too!!
I think Spike is getting ready to leave. That's 13 straight playoff losses for those NY Knicks. Wow.
Lol u funny,
what does it take to get a reply from you? /:
if you had the ikeep you would of never of dropped your phone.Btw I'll kill you in temple run
I'm chasing my dream just like you did.
tied my shoes and put it at the edge like a fucking dumbass.. Aha
Where the tragic happens, you have not been properly debriefed, shitshow fuckfest, Dhegdheer, Zhan Huo: FURY US.
Odo: How well are libraries doing in maintaining Carnegie's vision of a community place that provides a platform for upward mobility?
Nene on glee tonights episode , can't wait...
New BOOST Mobile Blackberry on the faster CDMA network! $60 UNLIMITED EVERYTHING. Come check them out today~~ 303.321.3330
Snooooowww!!! #bass drink up
Lookin' at you there, Road Guy. Canseco does not allow quoted retweets. Someone might accidentally make him look unstupid.
Oh I'm hungry.
A new leader must change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless .. someone's got to make a wake up call. ~ Warren Bennis
Grab your pooch and join us for a fun book signing even this Saturday at PETCO, 67St. and 3rd Ave, 12-4pm, "Paranormal Pooch" by Olga Horvat
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." -Leon J. Suenes
..boy, we're feel'en purtty good there, chief!
locked in!
thanks for the shout out.
#Niners, my childhood team!! And you the supermodel xo
follow me back please
Pickup Line: My Love for you is like diarrahia ... I can't hold it in
wow, ok, Maybe that's deserved ;-) <U+2764>
What are you doing New Year's Eve. Portland businesses are celebrating now. See why at 5pm and 6:30pm on KGW NC8.
Found a friend to go with me.
Omg twitter keeps unfollowing people!! Please dont unfollow me if my account unfollows you!! I will follow you right back!! ASAP!!!
(Henry Frederic Amiel) For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will.
Looking at her is obnoxious, but listening is all right. This could prove challenging live.
I dance naked on my room too HAHAHAHAHA
I have to work tonight and saturday........ah, I really don't wanna go, but I always feel that way
PINK <3 Lynette's style :)
are you coming anywhere close to Memphis Kev?? Your too funny man! Alright Alright Alright!
Going to the #wmphoenixopen or a #SuperBowl party! Make sure you have a designated driver and stay safe!
says LivingSocial beats out Groupon's deals- what do you think?
Yeah...it's like they see only the forest and can't make out the individual trees!
i can always pick out your avatar on other social networks too. i'm like "is that adam? yep. green man."
nice icon :)
you skate? Ha
Technically, cocktail hour here is ANY hour, but I have been cutting back lately.
Watchin Spongebob bout to call it a night i guess?.Guddnite Tweet Birds
Mobile ad spending up 314% - holy smokes. Insurance and banking led the way. Maybe banks could make the same commitment in people.
Thanks for a GREAT Season !!! Can't wait till 2012 season GO PACK GO !!!
My megadesk (put screen & keyboard on box to make standing desk) helped keep me focused.
Too much time..#Packers only sent 3
It's SNOWING outside
haha, ur welcome anytime to come hang on the chairs gilly
Good Luck! Hope it goes well.
be happy ur taller than me <U+E403>
and Mark Fitzpatrick on social media as a 21st c education tool for teaching civic engagement & citizen participation
How much more could a person's life suck.
Eww NEVER in my LIFE would I eat a coffee flavored PEZ!
Skyzone... Hope this is fun
Club Sirius is the place to be tonight downtown SA. No cover all night 21+ welcome 228 lasoya st.
Polyphony H.S. loves you! Thanks for all you do for young writers!
you the same. Thanks.
no question mark?
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
Bosh out! Damn. Every team is hurt. Heat are not the exception
Exactly! That's the point AllThingsD made.
finally recovered from 30th bday party. it was hardcore.
whoop whoop xD San Antonio is up all night !
Telular Corp. $WRLS (NASDAQ: WRLS) Introduces the First Line of 3G Cellular Alarm Communicators for the Price of 2G
Those are killer; I get 'em almost every time. It's happy hour, so it's tofufallo wings and corn dogs today!
: Of course you can. Beelzebelle = devil = firepants. Excited to hang with you guys later!
sadly RT : Employee profiles are only mandatory if you want to keep your job
#sem2011 book room conquers me again. More awesome music books than I expected!
What in the hell do I do when I'm bored!?
heh, you said discourse
thank you!! it's june 2nd weekend. are you a dad yet??
Hampden is basically the suburbs compared to Station North to me. It was very secluded. Public transportation was an uphill battle.
To all my new followers, thank you. I do follow back, have a good day.
At work blowing Purp
I wish some girls would just stay lesbian and not keep changing there minds
Getting ready for what will be a fun weekend in Indy!
sure thing - and i hope to meet you shortly!
New shirts in on Friday! Just in time for our show with at
won't back up connections on maint delay? Worst policy in the industry. It's like they want me to fly instead.
Well, Facebook seems to think they are. And now they have billion reasons to hope so. ;-)
" I laugh. I stop. Think about it. And laugh even harder " yepp. Thats for sure me
It's a wonder why I am not heavier considering how I eat my feelings!
The smell of cigarettes is disgusting .
OH MY GOD. Did everyone like the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>?
GiddyUp Night After Tip: Deleting events on homepage: iOS = swipe on the right side of event Droid = tap and hold on event until prompted
I feel silly but I have to ask who is that hunk?
Love and miss you! RT : love you!
Baldur's Gate. Need to remember to save.
way tmi bay
Real niggas do real things
RIP #AdamYauch #BeastieBoys I grew up on their music thx to my older cousins.
I understand that it is subject to many factors. I do have my view but I still wonder
All clear in Cobb county!#tornado #gaweather #
What's your eye color?
set sail...indiana here we come... baha
RT : today has been great ....couple big name new clients hit me up today! word of mouth and flyer dropping is working wonders!
Ok I'm going to pick 2 teams to appear in the superbowl this. 1 is the cardinals, and I'm going to wait to see where mike vick is going.
Last week flew by as per usual- sent you one today :)
I would love for you to read it. I've become obsessed with June Jordan's living room as a space to exercise existence.
I have a question, can you answer it? Are you ready to rock?
school, life, lol nothin really! But I've been playin softball with my sister and I'm thinkin bout tryin out next spring! (:
They still want to make cuts to Paramedic program?
I'm so ready for some football tonight... especially since Fast Willie Parker is on my fantasy roster
Enjoying teaching people to stab each other today. Getting busier with summer approaching.
see, if a tornado come, i'm outta luck. i don't have a basement ._.
That's fine. Just text me (I'll DM you my number) when you're around.
FU*K YOU!
Say goodbye to the hater Errybody Wave!!!
Leaving work to the beats of Bape and an evening of real beauty.
Cheers to for getting us connected! PS ladies (and gents), you should read her blog.
that's a very fantastic question
Thoroughly enjoying research tools on my
The piece is in progress, will keep you posted on when it airs--probably mid-week!
LMAO! ROCK ON!
Thank you for the RT!
You too bro? Yeah i been plotting on sum different
jokrausdu: Wish Google had parties at #sla2010 like they do at #iste conferences
I'm working on so many fun craft projects this week. I want to go go home and craft NOW!
Congrats to our newest Summer intern Paige Blatnik...cant wait to have you on the team
I should have never fallen for you
that was then, an I truly enjoy hearing younger people speak about politics not always old ppl
I picked the #Celtics to score 90 points in this game. For this, I apologize.
In honor of Family History Month, we've created "31 Days of Genealogy - 10 minutes at a time." Check it out: /31Days
you prob wont see this bc you never see my tweets but Happy Easter(: Hope you get to spend time with your family<3
"I'm so horny right now :D" are u kidding me?! Why would u put that as your status?!
randi what the frunch soon is NOT soon enough gal
that's awesome!
Agreed: ": thinks Tuesdays make for much better Mondays than Monday."
Kennedy radicals are not known for #civility but radical acts are necessary -- eg Garrison's "commendable disregard for coonventions"
one more full week , then exams.. blehh
call me.
Well, that does it for the night. King loses to S.A. Churchill 3-1. That series resumes at 4 p.m. Saturday at Cabaniss Field.
No more sacks Rodgers. We need you healthy!
sorry its been a long day. We can meet one day next week.
I hope manning kicks the colts ass next season
My Guess: Q14 How many out of the box integrations are available with Zendesk? (Im not telling you the answer, look it up!)
cool :) site looks good! gl on teh game.
Very few bands can match the energy put our by ! Great set!
I bought a pack of Dentyne Ice and all I got was this lousy unplanned pregnancy
Just saying hey guys. Keep on runnin!
showed up in my google alerts.
the H1N1 is a goverment hox, that was created in a lab. Georgia & Alaska are the research markets...
I WONDER IF GONNA BUMP MY RECORDS LIKE I BUMP HERS!
Cant see it cuz the money in the way real nigga whassup
There is no reason to ever lose you inner child
My life is officially a joke #peerpressure #8amfinal?
And you're welcome. I'm a writer as well. You'll find it interesting what comes out when you have all the extra time.
very serious. but he has to hit 73,000 followers tonight..
Amen!! So true-so serious
user error
The drum circles at OWS may be annoying, but they are less annoying then watching someone ravish your grandmother's 401K.
:-D SO excited!!
Don Julio, $5 Shot of Bushanan's Till 12pm FOR VIP Bottle Service, Table Reservations or to be added to OUR
how much ? And do u use protools ?
I just need Robert Goulet SO BAD.
You must be pretty important. lol
#teenwolf fans who can't wait for next week's episode?? I know I can't !!
How do you subtly tell someone without hurting their feelings that they need a shower?
I have been convalescence is that the right word lol for the whole week I almost died from a stomach pain than a big dog bite.
If you marry you will regret it. If you do not marry you will regret it. If you marry or do not marry, you will regret it.
Gynesis & Mobile Team Tour Dates for Tree Braids & More are at www.hairgynesis.com we're coming. L.A. Aug 6 D.C. Aug 17
I don't know much about fighting, but I know I will fight for you <U+266B><U+266B><U+266A><U+266A><U+266B>
Today is going to be a roller coaster of emotions...
Just bought my tix to see in Seattle, cause he's playing in PDX when I'm at Radiohead. King of Limbs and the King of Rap.
What a beautiful day today
same...laying down..haha
Well I'm STILL intrigued. :)
Totally obsessed with this Globsters band. "Pretty women, rockin' and rollin'. Give me a beer. I'm high as a kite." Genius song!!
You are awesome, okay ;)
Bitch i'm ballin
Luigi's be popping on the low :-)
They erase credit cards within a 10ft radius... oh wait.... that's just certain magnets....
John L Smith the interim Arkansas FB coach? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I keep thinking tomorrow is Friday!
Special limited edition Gloves and scarves made for the Grand Central show now available at the LaCrasia booth also at 14th street kiosk.
So true The only phone number I know anymore is my own. That part of my brain is now devoted to passwords
You Never Know How Strong You Are...Until Being Strong Is The Only Choice You Have.<3
Whale's Vagina should be the nickname of Petco Park.
NBC's Revolution is the only show that i am excited about. Chicago Fire has some eye candy .. none of the comedies seem funny. #fourthagain?
SO WHAT....hahaha!!! You fit into them....awesome!!
#hth2012 Cloud computing (depending on what kind of "cloud" one means) can be very centralizing. Path to dependency on cloud providers?
LeBron and Wade both just messing up
Thank you for sharing! Happy Monday!
Hey follow shes so funny an nice an he follows back she's cool af an beautiful follow her an ill follow you/shoutout
In the sticks
Come to the X-ecution tonight at io west at 8pm, and I will buy you a drink at the Room after the show!!!!!
rage one your home team needs a closer just saying it would be a epic chanukah gift
Thanks for reading and sharing! I've been touching on this stuff for a while, now i'm going to spell it out.
Up this early just to mow the lawn.
What?? They are all over. Even Royal Oak still has a dirt road. I grew up around Milford, lots of them out that way.
oh no. Literally just missed you. Left this morning... Visiting Ian for the week. How long are you in NY for?
excited for the first game win!! now, if i can only find a bar to watch the games in dallas, texas.
here we go.
Chris Brown Featured on Rihanna’s New “Birthday Cake” Single
Hey Rachel Maddow, get me a diet coke you little boy! And tell your big dumb brother Keith to go fuck himself.
Me too! I love the excerpts I've read so far.
u be playin! Me & Fran tried swingin thru a few times, but u always be ghost!
Man that trophy is ugly.
Happy Birthday Arizona! 100 years old today.
Creedence Clearwater Revival - Hey Tonight - 06:14 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Does your dog smell fucking beautiful too?
I put lip gloss every 5 minutes yeah its that serious
nice one ! RT : If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in...
what up peeps? what ya'll up to?
Made mini apple pies last night - took them over to my boyfriends so I wouldn't eat them all and now I'm really jonesin for some tiny pies
she literally flipped? Now I know where you get your talent from
perhaps curling clubbing?
I wonder if kindergartners know what the New York Stock Exchange is?
I Am The Future Of The Retro.
Can blackberry phones compete without BES support? RIM seems to think so -- dejavu #PlayBook without any apps
Yes. lol. I just couldn't think of a unisex word that started with B. lol
Dreaming of the Osaka sun
SOMEONE PLEASE RECORD VINNY ON 106&PARKS !! PLEASE I DONT HAVE THE CHANNEL :( PLEASE I WILL TRULY APPRECIATE IT :)
I will pass your congrats on to Gabrielle! Thanks
Just got my Switchabit hooked up
pronounced "sport moooolayyyy"
The coffee lady apologized for taking so long w/my Americano. Uh... What? I told her I hadn't even noticed.
Leaving your windows down while it's raining <
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,all the Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
I remember checking that out from Great stuff!
#Realize RT : Hope everyone has a happy and blessed Sunday??<U+263A>
CPC 2 more levels until dinner break -
SIgned a canadian rep about a month ago.Hope the product will be available soon.
The fast and middle lanes of I-64W from Dunbar to Institute will be closed today from 1- 5pm for gravel clean up
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I love that jam and I want to hear it on air!!!
Split pea soup has been done so often...so that makes us wonder, what's the best pea dish/recipe you've ever had/made?
3 auditions today. First coffee, I'm dragging this afternoon!
Ewww! That's disturbing. I had a palmetto bug fly at me the other night. Freaked me out. Ick.
happy wednesday eve and friends
Thank you, im profound frm time to time RT : best thing I've heard you say on twitter
(con)The combat is free flowing/twitch based kinda thing.I'm sure it will get old at some point but its a new thing for mmos
shocked you didn't find a taker! Still have extra? Just got the boot on my plan.
Great session man! Look forward to working with you again!
hm...........well.... like we #rushers say ELEVATE IS WORTH THE WAIT n_n (i don't know about a month though but it'll do).
NDEF is to get around a bug in the google android software for version 4.0.2... if you don't have that issue, then u dont need ndef
Opening day!!.. Take me out to the ball game!!!
Hey Dalton! Wanted to check in and say hi. Hope the world is treating you and yours well. Take care and have a great week.
Most intense play ever. Come on caps!! Tie this thing up asap!
This is the longest day of my life. Just waiting for 9:23.
Of course.
^{}^Avenged Sevenfold^{}^
Merry Christmas to all my tweeps. :)
Team White and I are playing against the Warriors tonight in the last regular game of Mar Vista's roller hockey season. Playoffs in 2 weeks!
#20ThingsAboutMe #3: I'm tiny, but I eat a LOT.
I met you during the Puerto Rico tipo; your a great coach!
Making cupcakes for my baby boy's 3rd birthday!!
Agree...trying to convince org to invest in Korn/Ferry content we can send out as PS material...$10/empl first year...<$2 after
Watching "one night with the king" the story of esther :)))
I'm not southern or northern, I'm from Maryland bitch
Fuck it I'm on one :*
RT Shots will make it better
Hey who knows when #thegoodwife season premiere is?
Hello from a super windy Fort Wayne. Lots to do today.
since there is little track activity, I am working Monday-Thursday the following week
not yet, moving back to SF
US Stock Futures Edge Up As Egypt Fears Ease; DJIA Up 21
i just heard worry list and its so amazing. he's got the absolute best lyrics I've ever heard
farewell, fair myrtle :P
A snitch nigga dats dat shit I don't like bang bang bang
prints drying on the tv stand, under the coffee table, on the floor, the wall, the fridge, under the couch i'm out of room!
Just want to say we love you guys, we have been playing awhile in this area and the people who support us are the best
The only thing funnier than watching Kasey is reading the comments about him
Sunday morning, rain is pouring.
The trash can. Or pay for an appraiser if you think it's worth something. It's probably not if it's in a shoebox in the attic.
BOSS BLACK!!
Without the nuance of personality, we're all just blips on a screen, cogs in a machine, statistics with no real meaning.
you too and ok babe <3
Damn I luv a women wit pretty feet!
open gym tomorrow. working on kipping, a heavy deadlift then doing "christine"
I know llol
Thanks to Adele & Jennifer Hudson for proving talent is king, the Foo for my new theme song, and Bon Iver for his Eau Claire shout out!
Its #thankateacher week. I have to start with Sister Diane Tetrault who let me know it was ok to be a smart girl.
Guess who's playing drums?
Thanks for the RT ! We are all fired up over here and ready for Milwaukee's version of "Iron Chef"!
First and last time I'll say I wish that Twitter was more like Facebook. Promise.
Simon, can sing anything and make it AMAZING! This girl deserves the 5 million!
you should be sitting on my patio eating brunch.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
maybe i'll marry her......maybe i won't
Take solace, Beasties fans: MCA will live forever, in our hearts and, thanks to the scientists at Snoop & Dre Technologies, our holograms.
": Ur passions shud never be considered work" I've come to believe this just recently. Now I am ready to follow my passion.
Funny. RT : Played Eagle Creek for 1st time yesterday. Whoever built those new holes should be ashamed at best.
(chirping) Sundays or tu/wed nights.
two nights in a row!
lol she made sure she didn't fight her in here house stole her then grabbed her ass
NICE! Good luck training.
#FashionFocusChicago, a week-long celebration of Chicago’s thriving fashion industry, starts today! Let us do the driving!
We will! So excited! Thanks!
Tony is playing at an MVP type level.
Apparently I'm gonna wish I had a storm warning. At least on CMT I do...
To Gates's (and his wife's) credit, he will give most of his wealth away, and he works hard to make it go a long way for charity.
Imma cold nerd
I would be interested, but I'm not sure I will be available for it on Thursday. Does this group meet often?
been using Image Alpha for a week now and the compression is ridiculously awesome. 40% avg reduction.
&here comes another Fever —_— *sigh*
fly to New York!! :D
These things aren't to diss you. I say them to make you think or ask ?'s. Remember, I was once in your shoes but asking ?'s changed that
omg. its phoebe fox. when you were little didn't you say you got her a teddy bear like yours. HAHAHA HAZ :) .xx
So exhausting
Water For Elephants is on next! Yes!<3
yeah. But seems like you wouldn't have nonattitudes on SM at all due to the lack of an invasive survey instrument?
The David Linard Trio will be playing at Cafe D'Jango, 9:00 pm David Linard- jazz piano Nick Tucker- jazz bass Josh Roberts- jazz drums
Thanks for all the well wishes for my 1 year anniversary party. It was a huge success!
I thought health problems--like breast cancer--got them funded. Wait, let me check: yes, it was. Good try, though.
Damn you long eyelashes.
just miss seeing your mom and our friends at work every day. But, it does make me feel like a good American.
We miss U2
A dear customer's dog missing near 38th & Kessler; border collie named Clay; ~40lbs; very shy! Call if found; chip
PHOTO SHOOT AND FILMING ON TUESDAY... LOVE THE WORK. THANK YOU ALL FOR THE FOLLOW
good time tonight the Penna ala Vodka was Delish! u can a replay now on www.theroomlive.com Eat hearty my friends!!!
Tonight. Party934.com. 8 PM ET. I'll be spinning that modern rock and talking about said music. It'll be keen!
Happy Friday! Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy. God blessed you to see another day so enjoy it. Love, Sandra!
jake stoneburner from ohio state, is he the best tight end in 2013 class?
Indeed. Dear to my heart & want to go see!
Jesus can take you from that pit of pain & brokenness & make it into something incredible - if you choose to love & follow Him!
Each day I fall more in love wit my baby :* , he's my blessing <3 , anyways at work 12-830
Hey - a long time ago, made a twitter for you. So, now you have two. LOL
okay come and get it!
Got told my ego was showing,so I zipped up my fly.
You're welcome, my pleasure! I could really relate to your gym class tale, even though we never had square dancing, thankfully!
HOME ALONE BORED....
When ur stressed today think of who has the most stressful job in the US & yet handles each new challenge with such poise.
If Niall had a tattoo I would know cause he loves me down every night.
lol. Nah just seeing some folks feeling themselves a bit. I think its funny.
Yash is really making the most of his stay at DHS
That feeling you get when you get a text from someone you've been wanting to talk to for a while <3
I can't wait to travel the world with and our little one:)
And let the wildness begin!!!
#tnnpbrtuesday is my favorite
Hey guys! Share this page with your friends and spread the word about We Are Defiance!
That's just the predictions, of course, I guess we'll have to wait and see!
I been going to sleep hella early lately
"Confidence is the memory of success" Good luck today!!!
it's all good! Thanks for helping out with such a great event!
Happy Birthday Brit!
30 Young Cancer Warriors (Version #4)
too bad your over seas lol
Capt. Michael J. Parker, LA Co. Sheriff's is speaking,
I know I know. :D
RT : I did a Google search for #GoldenShower and I found
. Brad Hacker is a geoGod.
Just turned in my California license at the NY DMV office. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> Kind of bittersweet...
#upp still blown
Brazilian / World - bocadorio.com at Coda Club San Francisco tonight Fri, October 22
shooting a spec commercial for King Kong the ride on Sunday...
Your son's teeth do not want to let go of childhood!
True Fact: Klingon foreheads are designed after dinosaur vertebrae.
Am i really at school ...
Everyone have their Easter eggs colored for tomorrow??
Another app idea - an app that starts your coffee maker when your iPhone alarm goes off
Some films may be brilliant to myself, but might be terrible to others.
This ones for you & Me. Living out our dreams..
i'd love to rock panama some day!
#IamAStanBecause eminem makes love songs about hip-hop
- yea man! That's already positive thinking. Keep that in ur mind and u'll see how the universe repays you.
BE MINE, Bitches!!! Love yous!
got an iPad for Christmas. Had NO idea what I was going without...Shame on me!
Spotify, I used to love you. But now j hate you and I will never pay you dollars ever again.
“: Most success comes from experimenting then learning from the failures.”
: Is singing an Aria part of the interview with channel's #CuriosityProject?? :D
We love you for your spirit and for the strength & power of the Egyptian people!!!
interesting that the RGA ads hitting Dalton running in Greenville media market, GOP trying to separate Eastern NC Dems from Dalton
I'm seriously thinking of becoming a monk - I have all the right qualifications - bald head, brown bathrobe & haven't had a BJ in 12 months
I can't really say how i feel about the beer because i'm not a beer snob. it taste good to me
Merry Christmas from the FIU men's soccer program !
It is a new restaurant on the block, The Pinch, 3548 14th Street, give this new place a shot
your kisses still linger, and your whispers softly echo
Said in Amy Poehler's voice, "REALLY??" via Conservative Think Tank Study Finds Teachers Are 'Overpaid'
The saying goes, "The only constant is change." Sometimes, I really wish I could change that.
RT RT : If you're going to be original, be prepared to be copied powerful
RT : "I've got the worst fucking attorneys." - The Georges Bluth & Zimmerman
Sometimes tweeting feels like screaming at the top of my lungs in the middle of a football stadium full of other shouting people.
If seeing is believing I'm going blind.
it's cool to pre-game before happy hour right?
Guns & Roses, Beastie Boys, and Red Hot Chili Peppers being inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame - Hell, yeah!! Damn, I feel old.
A friend just got a cortisone shot that helped her immensely during allergy season. Florida is brutal this time of year too.
I love bad movies but that film made Attack of the Giant Leeches look like high cinematic art.
welcome new followers. we're a rock band in Rochester, NY. next show is Johnny's Irish Pub August 20, join us won't you
Why why why am I crying?!?! None of these kids are mine nor am I related!! It's #obviously roommate love.
hey be careful, the streets are slippery when wet.
A2 - question/request for brand: make sure lines of authority clearly drawn
at the library with some books on Purgatory and the danse macabre for some light summer reading
Hmm... I see "Octopus" eyes in my Horizon App Manager. I wonder if I have access to it now...
My weekend: drove in sideways rain to Rapid City and back, rated a golf course in pouring rain, and woke up to four inches of snow. Yowz.
Salinas Valley Memorial narrows affiliation list to two
's Catchphrase clue: A natural disaster that occurs often in California. : Hurricanes! Me: ...earthquakes...ha
Bet that makes ur hubby feel REALLY special
KMT got like 7 tracks lined up for us... we wanna get at least 12 strong songs together. Bring It!!
thanks so much! So glad you found it useful.
How was this morning with Keoni H? Are you hurting??
is bout to choke me while picking out these songs 4 upcoming shows We are TOO picky (no pun intended)-BH
Pack, do laundry, study, or nap? Haha. Yeah right, like that's an actual dilemma.
RT : "New Mexico is the most completely beautiful place I have ever seen"- Ansel Adams
Internet memes: Hilarious viral bits of internet culture, or obnoxious inside jokes for losers? Discuss. (Also, link to your favorite ones!)
We are going to Breckenridge!
Valid RT : Your first mistake is reading the HuffPo.
I will not rest until I ride for Nike 6.0 and Fiend Bmx, my two favorite brands.
I was calling you Mr. Jones. Missed the comma.
LSU or Alabama?
enough sorrow to keep you human enough hope to make you happy. (2/2)
hey man this is so awesome add the stringers that request you as a friend you never know?
Students! UL wants to meet you! Stop by on Aug 24th or 25th, between 10am and 6pm, on the 2nd floor for games, prizes, and popcorn.
Done! I'll try to work some of ur info into our social media posts to help support your efforts. Thx for your great work!
Very solid rebounding by the bigs so far!
no nyc this time, but next!
Walking around Philly Old City. Hot, people out, streets loud.
where is that from?
Thanks to everybody who made the NewBee fest 1 so huge.. More coming soon:)
So down for a field trip to Brooklyn! Also, is this where you are right now?
Lovin it! RT : Modern family time!
FREAKY FRIDAY!!!!
. What about combining the 2? Good idea? Examples of apps that use standard UI and also innovate?
#damndjs coming back hard????
'member when you had your teeth out overseas & you were in so much pain? do not want to do this:) when's your spring break?
And after watching the interaction between dems and the GOP while the new congress got sworn in, I'm convinced they're all the same party.
It takes alot of courage to love someone after someone else breaks ur heart, so if a woman loves u appreciate 'em !!
I needed u at work today! Super busy u know were the best at drive thru:)
My fellow Texan! I saw you tonight in Blue Like Jazz here in DC. Well done. Good to meet you!
Did i mention the make-up class is free?....
your twitcon is adorable, I like your shirt (:
yes, today is a BIG day for us! You r welcome to stop by for dinner :)
The cops? Really? What the hell is wrong with you.
if I see one more status about grades, I'm gonna shriek.
Lol U tryna say I'm fat??!!
why did you stop following me:(
For those of you that follow Altuawn1 Youtube channel, I'll be coming back.
I have a habit of usually not watching a show until long after it's gone. It's really good and it is streaming on
I love you Grandpa, please stay strong and pull through for us <3
Great pic of you in Bisnow!
Like always my sacrifices are being taken for granted
love you too happy Mothers day ((:
Expansion of the universe is accelerating now rather than slowing down, we live in the most probable of all worlds. StephenHawking
PEOPLE! Stop bitchin about the problems IN your life U R the only problem! U must like ur life or you'd
buit more funny
want to hear podcasts of Charlotte NC Chamber Events www.charlottechamber.com/getsocial
Haveing so much fun
I know better than try to imitate Erin. I'm nowhere near as adorable--she had the market covered!
Sunday are so different now.
My university mascot is a dragon. That is more than slightly badass. #drexel ()
Lax on tweets lately .. Last Night I sang along to Michael Buble, Bing Crosby and Ella Fitzgerald on the way home from
Just talked to my grandmother and I feel so good. Like I felt my heart getting warm good.
Thx for the funny presentation! at
u got something to say to me dm me. U run ur mouth for attention u will get the attention.
happiness is life!
: PROVE IT!
i had burger king & jack in the box today :D
get better! :)
Not likely. Ugh.
you don't know shit! Wat is it?
gotcha. Good luck in Can!
Future always tryin sing n shit on his track he the hood version of drake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I've heard doodling helps with allergies ;)
yes. I saw it on the news. Sad day.
any luck grabbing the flight ones? I have been on NT all day only to get my face broken when I hit the eBay line
Looking forward to our lunch speaker from the Palmetto State
Just had an idea. We should totally start working out together...
thanks for all the support dudes!!! \m/
I have no clue where that is..? IL?
UPS just made a wine delivery :)
that's the best picture ever. Love it.
Attitude Babe...attitude. HA! lay it on him
Sorry I was busy tweeting at athletes for free SB46 tickets. They owe me! RT Nice! You are back!
Anyone else think that post last night's Mad Men that there will soon be a hair cut known as "the Megan"?
": what's your favorite #90s song? I'm gonna mix up some 90's with todays when I start DJing :)" Faded by Soul Decision
I've been slacking on the Music meeting notes, so look out here they come...
What place should I vote for in Austin poll?! I don't know:/
Finally done with Junior year! Now onto summer
which campus did you attend?
When he texts you back you get that feeling...
Maybe Natalie got detained?
": Do more than exist , Live"
Captain Planet where are u!!!
“: LOL Really a Standing O for that ? Sorry Joshua! #Idol”yes 4 that
me too
Fucking "Gomiso" how does it work?.
White Chicks <3
use of waffles in savory dishes always impresses me. They aren't just for breakfast folks.
Wow. I didn't realize that. You started in storage my freshman year in college. I hope that makes you feel young again :)
Well. At least I'm consistent with my outdated jargon.
Friendly suggestion #autismspeaks walk next year at Rosebowl should have shuttle options from Goldline.
Gaining knowledge and life experience is the best (and only good?) part of aging.
It's not breakfast food now that I am no longer in college, and I would have to make them. Which is way too much work right now.
very hard for me :(
Hey Portland, whaddaya say we all go up to Seattle tonight and trash the place!! Whose with me?
Enjoying meeting a new crop of students in classes today!
Signing a new client in Brunswick, Ga. today...another nonprofit looking for Strategic Fundraising Solutions. Please let me know how I can…
Just realized looking at old pics that the last time I had seen live was May 5, 2009 in Cologne, Germany! It was about time!
“Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression.” -Dr. Haim Ginott
decided for it, but est time to hotel is one hour. the e-2 bus is $2 if u want to shlep your bag
be easy! Beasy
Bo Ryan about to join to talk Jarrod Uthoff and transfers.
Covance Announces Executive Appointments - MarketWatch (press release)
looks like we are off to a great start!
The company that made agent orange is also the world’s largest provider of genetically engineered crop seeds.
depends on what type of trip/honeymoon. I live in FL and can give you suggestions on both.
If you put $100 on 2010 Recruiting Day on "Brad Bars excelling in 4th quarter of 2012 Blue-White game" pick up your $100.50 now.
Yep, worst call so far!
had a great night with my boy <3
send me a picture
daww our babies :')
at the end of the day isn't all just about love?
Disappear ceaselessly in my heart. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
o ok, prolly not
“ : Headed back to pittsburgh....would be shocked if i wasnt in a dallas uniform nxt year! The draft is april 28th”
#NBC killed the video... #typical #censorship of the #truth lulz... #RonPaul 2012! :)
Get a cannon ready...
well most days its purdont for them
Tami is really Evil, she needs prayers. And Suzie is annoying the crap out of me right now. She's so stupid!
This day is done - make that week! Off to -in need of new things for the new apt!
Word to your motha! Let's check out next week?
Drifting in this weather with
Too kind! Thanks.
Did you see the second picture in the link I posted? You can make out the word Tales pretty good.
Sounds like a perfect combo. RT : Movies and tonight? Perhaps.
i swear i just realized it now, Saw ur icon n boom! wow!
happy birthday girl big titiy nation
so i met big time rush one year ago today<3
The things I'd do to you..
7:30 am in abu dhabi. going to find breakfast. going to dubai at some point today. no idea how we are getting there yet.
Sick as fuck.
First day at Toyota!
Prosecutor says owners of pit bulls are flight risk to Mexico, wants bail set at $900K. Their atty says suspects are remorseful
Yeah - but he only did it after a 14 year affair with a woman he killed after 3 years of marriage. And his only son died early.
You know refs would've given Miami the ball RT ": THAT WAS OFF MIAMI. LEAVE IT ALONE HILL!!! FUCK!!!!!!"
Jalen Rose sounding real dumb right now. If a player is a scrub they just a scrub..sometimes the truth hurts but I rather hear the truth
Shh text me soon!
mikes like let's start at the 20 yd line
I was on my way to work yesterday & this girl pulled out of McDonalds & just smashed into me! So it was all her fault! But stil!
Excellent advice from at #wommu: Start every meeting with a customer story!
My Dad told me that he's the leader if the beautiful people. I love it!
Yeah!!!!! I am so happy!!! That is exactly what I #love to hear!!! thanks you for this opportunity!
Lauren Merkin, you have a tragic last name. but i love your clutches.
Shout me out?:D I want 900 followers for my birthday next Saturday ._.
Levon Helm RIP - he was a brilliant musician.
": #FailedExposure “: " never have I ever sucked a d*ck *”"u go learn today u go learn how to succ a dicc today
Q4 : WHATIF #NJ law-abiding drivers get HIT by law-breaking drivers (VBG95K) & DIE B4 they can file citizens court complaint?
As I get older, I realize that most of the teachers I've had have no business teaching.
Thanks for the great time at Espaza's last night #LMA12! Great way to kick off the week. is excited for the rest of the event.
There is nothing more honest than music- you can't hide who you are with her- can never deceive- only believe. It is who you are.
Just figured out how to make two cupcakes at a time in the toaster oven. This could be dangerous.
Spring is in the air! Come and see what changes are around the corner...
how stable is Tippett's contract status, hearing rumors of him to WAS to replace Hunter.
Gonna take a nap.
membership to Spa envy!
Ashley :D
People who #twatch >>>>
Umbrella in my hair hanging with me gals
Thank you for my BOMB nails!!!!
pea size hail @ the new haven fort Wayne line.
": "From now on, I'm eating healthy" *five minutes later* Lol jk. I'll start tomorrow."lol thats us;)<3
that is so fucking creepy.
Last chance for burgers until Wednesday! Come in and grab something for a late lunch/early dinner, open until 5!
#Beliebers help trend Kenny & Hamsters for Kenny's sake!! =D Show him we love him!! =D
Hi DukeCityDish! Thanks for following your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man!
School peoject: Strawberries.
Community Garden meeting this Wednesday, 5:30 pm in the Bartram Barn - All are welcome to grow with us!
And I from you :)
Jaleha Was Here Hacking The Tweeter ^_^
In search of adult orphans who were abandoned and never adopted but found success in life, family, and professionally for book I am writing.
Make sure their is no Cocaine in ashtray from back in the day!
Visiting kids with cancer and bringing toys.
Thanks for the follow.. please spread the word to help me reach my goal of 1000.. Thanks MissAlexisTodd follow me!!
Who powers (and Wells Fargo, Suntrust, etc.) BillPay service? Because they all seem to be down for 2 days running. What gives?
Tonight's show features Joe Tatton from , Josh from , and Eric & James from !!! No Cover! 10PM
Thanks for the return follow. It was brought to you by my bro
Another power outage @ work. What are the chances Word autosaved my document?
same:) so you're a senior I'm guessing?
you don't CHOOSE to.
its over 900 billion galaxies and they say there's not a god ? man is so blind women are so deaf
Was good to see again
Thx for your tweets! The winning essay will be published in the May issue of on newsstands 4/10/12. Keep writing!
Not that this is any better, but the "transvaginal" provision was removed.
National media is getting down on Joe Cool, hows about we Baltimorons blow up Twitter with some love for Joe Flacco!!!!
new avi...just another reason why it's great to be a cat fan. WOW!
if you're going to address , I'd advise you to use correct spelling...your argument needs all the help it can get..
Well new day today hope my wishes come true <3 :) Can't wait to spend my special day with the ones i love ! :)
I prefer the fudge like consistency.
Excited to see come to Denver and learn from PM. Welcome to Denver Brock
I left the studio with 8 songs out of 10 mixed! I go back in on Thursday and Friday to FINISH! Can't wait! Have a good weekend everyone!
thanks for the mention!
What just happened??? #ku won right???
My mom is the best person in my life. I can't even show how much I love her... I may not be the perfect kid, but I really care...
I cnt stop thinking about the #BoyfriendVideo ;))
I think I'm going to just go watch the Dictator for my birthday on Monday.
Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax.
European musicians >>>
one of the best of the year so far.
"The same as I love you, you'll always love me too. This love isn't good unless it's me and you." ::tegan and sara::i know, i know, i know::
#zeustek your affordable outsourcing partner. contact for more details..
she likes gay porn....(;
Woke up, can't fall back asleep, just like yesterday! :-(
The goats I played with at the zoo on Saturday are much more intelligent than some of the folks I've had to deal with this morning.
"No team has ever come back to win a series after being down 3-0." Poor #Mavs. Let's just not let this be a total sweep, k? :(
I'm a total 2008 kick right now with music. The Wombats "Let's Dance to Joy Division" was such a cool song.
Lmao my family to funny
bitch stop hating on me for being a boy. If I was only here for girls or followers, it would be obvious. So just shut the fuck up.
#RIPMCA My thoughts are with his family and friends.
marketing, promo, train interns
Cook, Steak, Knife
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Jordan shoes.
Hoping the new week brings sunny skies and happy days
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Moved my car from one parking spot to another just to go out side... So nice outside.
we are all at champions watching the KU game!!!!
I was at the white bitch crib you never came #ashly we kno you stunter fake
You should make a Safe Spot Skate Spot in NJ :)
I'm a little late to the dance on this, but Delta State got a great coach today in Wishing you well, Coach! Go Statesmen!
if you were here in Colorado I got you.
Everyone is in NYC tonight. Love.
Hello! Please follow and we will follow back. Thank you all for sharing your expertise!
My mom keeps trying to get me into religion...
Sarah Vowell & Shalom Auslander at the Burns Film Çenter: hilarious, brilliant, as loosey goosey as Elliott Gould in Long Goodbye
allota artists could learn from you man
genocide project with my love <3
Did you unpin/remove #art of yours that was on #Pinterest? Did you add "no pin" code to your website to prevent pinning?
Happy bday to my future Baby mama and divorced wife she always playing with my emotions
My song "Shawn K Dope" is probably one of my top 3 best songs. Lyrics and flow were are point and the voice was found haha
2011.06.15 #Brewers 9 #Cubs 5 | Crew offense comes back / first Wrigley win of the trip / order is restored
- conveniently forgot to mention the DEMOCRAT controlled legislature FAILED to appropriate the money in the budget...
insert foot in mouth...yeah I am sure that is the body part you meant.
According to CEIR, The number of trade show attendees jumped 3.7% in the third quarter of 2011, according to the index.
CU press conf: Colo State Patrol on HWY 36 watching for people coming to Boulder for #CU420 under influence of alcohol, drugs.
I love
I just became weirdly excited because D3: The Mighty Ducks is on tv. I'm like a preteen boy. From 1996. Emiliooooo.
is the sexiest lil thing ive ever laid eyes on EVER ;D
Just a question, why do you always expect the worse of things?
Lets go austin! RT: Last chance for 2 free tickets 2 & at 10/23! Just follow + retweet this!
Ill buy them off you for $20 .. #Sketchers Quick get Rich Scheme lol
Next year to 0? “: NYT "will be moving the pay gate to 10 free articles a month from 20, beginning in April," publisher...”
Man, it's cool. I hope you have a better sleep than I do.
U2?! :) FB is doing something right...
Fuck I really want those shoes, but nobody still has them. >_<
We are currently experiencing site stability issues. We are working to resolve them as soon as possible.
Upside- Amanda Knox is free. Downside- I don't get to tweet my disparaging Italian court jokes.
So where did all of these Pacer fans come from LOL?
fail today! Flight attendants spraying air freshener, REALLY?!?!
Neon Hitch <3
u too xx
Remember one year ago when we didn't know each other at all? Now I buy stock in straight jacket companies.
When Was The First Time We Talked And What Was Our Convo About? ;o I might remember
OMG!! Its coold outside! Time to get the boots, jeans and fur jacket out then put them back up tomorrow, that's miami weather
So happy to spend the day with my Girly Ashley Gertz ! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I often wonder... What else IS in the teaches of Peaches? Huh? What??
Pool time!
I feel like I haven't been to school in weeks, fuck that place real shit.
Only I would be cooling down in the gym lobby to NKOTB on my ipod.
no damn sense lmao
Getting news from cable shows is like eating a diet of only donuts. Its fun, but every now and then eat healthy, make up your own mind
First tweet from my new phone the iPhone 4s !!!!!!!:)
Thanks, ! Great topic, great ideas, great moderator!
This is the last place where I want to be... Thanks for reminding me why I HATE Christmas, I almost started liking it for a minute.
You are such a clever lady. If I could invent splendid ways to win arguments like that ... nobody should disagree.
Alyson Hannigan and Kristen Wiig guest star on tonights episode of The Simpsons at 5 where Moe's becomes a new town hang out
Omg omg 10.more.minutes
should come over c:
Well its Friday! So you know what that means.... More
RT Im setting a new exercise/diet goal for myself. Lets hope it actually works this time!
no twitter I'm not bout to follow Willie from Day 26.
Looking for #Engineers with strong #IPTV experience for #jobs in Silicon Valley and Dallas.
Nothing like checking the mail and finding a $500 check you weren't expecting.
I don't fuckin smoke if they askin
hey can u make me a admin plz well u dont gotta im just asking if i can be a admin or something
Gim! :-D With a hard g, like Barefoot Gen?
which of the two would you trade, melo or amare? I'd trade melo.
I sit 4th too! HA
#Menopause increases risk of gum disease, bone loss. Cleveland Clinic J of Med, Aug 2009. Control the risk w/ CloSYS. www.closys.com
Yes, me to ;) RT : Looking forward to a little time tomorrow!
That's how I do it. RT : avoiding direct eye contact then exiting the room without their back is flirting right?
Have client who needs designers who know ins and outs of Editable PDFs with Variable Data. If it's you DM me for more info.
.. talk about crazy
Twitter is the new homework, apparently. Gotta love journalism school.
"The fight for equity is not going to happen if we don't have an engaged citizen." -Francisco Guajardo
My husband says: Get 'er done. He likes to talk like we still live in Mississippi.
It was on Still not a fan of her life decisions.
Finally getting that blog post up I've been procrastinating on....Tomorrow! Up by 9:00am, promise.
QUICK, HIDE THE COPS! THE DONUTS ARE BEHIND US!
hey u wassup!
would be news if Brooks said Andrew Bogut was the best player in basketball
Rhine Heights, Vintage Brewing, Madison: silver, German-style brown/Dusseldorf-style altbier (29)
follow me on twitter DO IT!!
You could live forever, or you could live 70 years of the most perfect life imaginable. Which would you choose?
is front row at Alicia Keys tonight! Whoot!
I know-she came in town for dentist appt so thought we would get pampered! Hope Owen comes soon so y'all can meet him!
Cleaning the house for Flips practice- then I'm off to see Eva Grubb with The Exotics at Arts' Concertina!
~Back from a day run to Edmonton for meetimgs, a couple more meetings for the evening and then its time for R&R!
From NewOrleans 2 Chicago Im on a mission full of opticals ... Im remand the same
gonna see this whore in while abt to blow some trees
Last week they couldn't identify a drum circle, so there's some hope
Thanks for following us!
been working every day for weeks now so taking a day off to regroup and just do nothing but breath
#MAYWEATHER All The Way !
Great. Glad I could join today's chat.
Hahaha, I'm trying, I'm trying! ;)
*ATTENTION* does anyone have Harry Potter glasses i could borrow for the movie tonight?! LOL
Is it bad I keep thinking people are saying "happy MILK day"? Lactose tolerant.
So the next Survivor is set in the Philippines. Do I automatically win?
Did you mean to tweet all of the didactics from the Cornell Museum of glass?
anything for our MVP!
Thing that SUCKS is that I HATE having to be quiet about it. ugh. Can't wait for the clearing to share!
Thanks for the follow! ;)
That would be a very well attended session at #
“ No power is strong enough to be lasting if it labors under the weight of fear.” --Cicero
Ok...? Just asking for clarification. No need to be persnickety.
As long as you try
Life is way too precious for nonsense. What a beautiful day.
I "Liked" your fan page on Facebook.
how you doing ya jack wills wanker x
I love your newsletter but when I click the Twitter button to forward an article it doesn't embed it in the twitter feed?
Are we playing Would You Rather?
and you should follow
Seven more weeks left
Not anymore. I wish now that I was not anytime an Egyptian after I saw what is going on with Mubarak now. SAD.
oh, I think we all know. Lmao
Look on the bright side. Staying in saves money.
and in one newscast? Good broadcast. I'd like to see this more often.
Do you go to my school? :-)
#kids Heard Summer Nature Camps Registration at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Fri, May 18 9:00a: Explore the wonders...
It was THRILLING!! Watched 2 GOOD movies, actually. "It's Complicated" and "Monster In Law." Well GOOD by courtroom standards...
It's a two beers after work kind of night.
Tune into 91.7FM tonight for Voice Box. I'll be represented and playing my fav Bay Area Female Vocalists.
thats what we say about women RT I don't see how a guy could be gay, there's soo many beautiful women out there. <3
Yes agreed and the counter rotation suggest the equalization of opposites in this case inner and outer. a frequency perhaps?
congrat! Love u girls
Steve Jobs was born out of wedlock, put up for adoption at birth, dropped out of college, then changed the world. What's your excuse?
hoops today?
re: bronzer that just happened to me too! so annoying.
Lulls in the sets on #CoachellaLive are killer, makes it easer to switch feeds to another great band.
He's pretty much the hottest thing to walk the earth. It's what you would call
In LA this weekend? What are some of the art events that are happening?
Will be leaving Miami for good in two hours
Don't blow this save League
My CD goes on sell in Missouri tomorrow! Make sure you pick up a copy!
ghost adventures on travel ch?
I was the 71st person Madison followed o_O
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesn't follow the script..
What? Biden couldn't keep his mouth shut about strategically sensitive information? I'm SHOCKED. Shocked I tell you.
Im too excited ... It finally happened!!!
she totally did me bogus man. Lmao head azz
Okay. The teenage girls just showed up at 12:30
I think the no arms, no legs jokes went the way of the dead baby jokes. They aren't PC. Why'd the dead baby cross the road?
We will be back in action soon .....rallying the troops add we speak
Poor just broke up with Skrillex. She's very sad. Come to Carabar and cheer her up.
Its been a great and magical weekend. I'm sad its coming to an end. Time to party!
Its hard for me not to want you all to myself. <3 :x
illiterate ass bitch
Looking for marketing associates ! Email or mention us !
So how bout that MCAS tomorrow.
Jeremy - Thanks for visiting Boombozz and sorry for any errors we made. We'll try and do better next time.
rockin that Blue yeti pro
hes like baby cute but not damn lets fuck cute
How can we expect students to know who's who in American history when teachers think every positive role model from past was American?
Just now pulling myself out of bed from that nap. Sheesh, I needed it apparently.
"I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it." -Johnny Depp.
its amazing the waves are building to upward of 40ft faces :P
yeah! XD I love my dogs so much ^_^
Back in Los Angeles and working have not even slept at my house.
Awesome! Will check it out!
No prob with you or Just issues with a producer who only wants to pay for 6 shows & is asking for 10 shows a week.
Thanks, Rudy!
Ima be the rebellious Chicago rapper ! Ion give a fuck about pleasing Chicagoan's ! It's 49 other states and 6 other continents ! I'm good
Hate hate hate hate this.
thanks for the tips!! Excited for NYE 2012!
congrats Green thumb sista!!
lol in good morning
Meant Dake not Sake
bro text me
I will be!
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
alabama shakes
Is it me, or is Wham's "Last Christmas" enjoying a renaissance this year?
Edgewater is such a supportive neighborhood. We're so happy to them and you for the support yesterday. :)
I Love How 3 People Thought My Last Status Was About Them., Tehehehehehehehe(:
no problem (: lols
its disrespectful to yourself to strive for the least. it success to strive for the most.
Retweeting is like "Liking" a status on fb lol
YOLO? Yeah, you only die once too
What a game!!!
It's never too late to support your local bookstore. Books make splendid gifts for the holiday, Hanukkah and Christmas.
"the zone" is when you feel the muscle growing, getting stronger every workout & knowing that there is no such thing as too big
i just LOVE when all my lessons go as planned!!!
I got a pea hehehe lol
LOGO coming soon fam
SWEET HONESTY THREE SET PIECE.....IS $9.99 BUY IT FROM ME FOR $7.50!
Thanks for joining us to memorialize the kids!
dfisadjsk . i keep procrastinating my life is good book
hey I just got home from Atlantic mall
Awesome article on our - #Coolhaus - history! tp://tinyurl.com/7wte4gx Check it out!
I'm about to say that the only wine that needs to go on living is Cabernet Sauvignon
I'm Hispanic :o I'm fluent in español. :p
I'm so tried of going tho this
You have officially directed a Tony nominee.
Of course you can!
I Wish I Was Still Sleepin
you wish Nigga :p
Who is your favorite team? and Player?
WISH ON with UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE, granting wishes to adults w/a life-limiting illness. Today Unity is taking a MOM to dtr's wedding wish
Join the party !! goin bonkers!
everytime I hear somebody accuse a user of laziness, I hear them not writing better docs.
can you just follow me so we can dm each other
Leaving on sunday than sitting on the beach in Florida<U+2600>
Thanks for celebrating with me. It was an awesome weekend.
NORTHERN STARS, an exhibition of Finnish art, is coming in December, but Marimekko products arrive in The Collectors' Gallery next week.
Looking forward to seeing more of your tweets and posts
Going to valley scare!
I will go on record and predict a top-eight finish for the Islanders in 2011-12!
i'll just watch big bang theory.
Have a great Sunday everyone!
We actually found one for our daughter at Kroger. That was a number of months ago, though.
Anyone have a new favorite beer?!
Even I need help focusing on and asking for what I want verses what I don't want
#TeenHoot Griffin Saunders will make an announcement about ticket sales for our July 6-7 Hoot Fest Sunday night on Ustream. :)
Hey thanks for the free T-shirt but kinda boring, huh? Last year's skyline tee was SO much cooler!
Happy Tuesday ! Thanks for following us.
Yeah, that does raise my eyebrows as well, have to say.
Thank god Language Project isn't due until Wednesday!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I love when kids are dressed in suits and ties!
watching Senna next week in Seattle
you think I'm lying to you?
Why do they say your alarm goes off, shouldn't it go on?
Who's the latest #superstar island to join #iOS family? Our friends in #Mauritius! You rock!
I want all of the American people to understand that it is understandable that the American people cannot possibly understand
Thanks! I like your TV Show ;)
This time , last year was SO different .
starting to freak out about going home for the summer.... hmm....
I already watched it like 4 times, lmao. But omFG.
Tweet to all my new followers!!
I understand why they played that for Natalie Portman's entrance but wow, talk about ominous.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
; No iDidnt , Did You ?
Justin Krol pinned Becky Sobczak to Silly Gooses on Pinterest.
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today! Lets change the world!
Just came out of a great "crash course" on threats to fed funding for Main Street & pres projects with staff - Jessica
Listening to #Numbers album on repeat since I got it
Some guy thought he was bold today when me, , and together lol.
Tonight David Brooks spoke @ NY Public Lib. His new book's at the top of my list of reads. I'm a devotee now -- more than just a mere fan.
NYU students and staff discounts on rental car service as low as 45$ and selected apts at 90$ per night
how could a dog lover like you not see that this was wrong wont you take a stand for animals if it was your dog you would see
Ok I just want to go to Then go home and get my blanket and comic on. It sucks driving in this weather
good day for your all :*
Home and time to have a few drinks, to wash away the sight of 76 yo ball sack... Whiskey, don't fail me!
“No compulsion in the world is stronger than the urge to edit someone else’s document.” - H. G. Wells
nawl not yet I just walked in da crib I ain't forget my nigga I got u
Lucky. It's so pretty. :3
I would definitely fly on Kulula Air! They have personality!
That is the worst! :(
Yes Kaleigh, my lips are soft and taste like hotness. ;) Love you :D
Today is my anniversary of arriving LA-what a long strange trip it's been! Thanks to my friends & extended LA family!
Cancel the screen cast. Google + isn't quite ready for that. Gotta find something that will screen cast live.
RT "Debt of the many, profit for the few" is the chant filling the streets!
A bat on the shoulder yields no hits.
your brother would do it
Diablo 3 launch less than 24 hours away. Pardon me. I meant to type "Cementing my carpal tunnel tomorrow".
how are you
Movie recommendation is Paul Hogan in "Crocodile Dundee"
Hmm, pretty sure I meant 'made optimal use of space'. Stupid vodka.
Seriously, the #oscars are insufferable! Not even watching them in a room full of gay men could make it funny.
by watching some Trailer Park Boys.
5 years ago, I was surprised about Gerald Levert.
Ugh...tough call, PPR prob Mathews, stnrd I go with Hunter today
Minn. Vikings stadium stalls amid Capitol politics - KTVN
#YouShouldNot say "I love you" unless you really mean it. Say it cause you want them to know, not to hear it back.
Draft #1 of teaching philosophy is complete!
Beat the heat with a refreshing orange cooler cocktail at COA!!!!!!!!!!
Just watched Winter's Bone with my girls...Wow Jennifer Lawrence you're the #%@$
anyone ever knocking on soccer for flopping n acting after watching this LeBron performance, go play in traffic
Omfg wish I didn't watch human centipede at this time!! It was sad, disgusting, creepy, scary, and fucking weird!!!! Wanna see the 2nd one:p
RT : A new study suggests a contact lens which provides a dual focus can slow progression of myopia in children. ^dy
40 min wait tonight @ Rossi. Worth it. Love seeing a local restaurant jumping on a weds in January.
Arkansas fires Petrino
I cannot I have activites to engage in :(
u can pratice on me
So Excited for our album to come out next week, what albums are you guys excited for this summer?
Defos gonna have to learn 'the mask'
Art Pulse has bid on the closed Pacific View Elementary School in Encinitas to save the property for community use as an art center.
What!? Details, please.
With Rex"The Mouth"Ryan and now TEBOW in town..has there ever been a better chance for the JETS to be the #1 (Media) Team in NY?
Where annual elections end, there slavery begins.
There are few things I like more than sunshine, beer, and boys in Phillies shirts.
Our bodies need sufficient VitC to burn fat - oranges, red bell peppers, broccoli are great sources! The menu this week is full of these!
Really, ?! The only way I can sign up for your service is by using Facebook auth? Don't want to.
having a hard time remembering these little computer terms..... ugh, i need a study buddie!
Toni Morrison will be at the Union Sq Barnes & Noble 7pm. Whatever I had to do on campus tonight is a wrap.
I just know my legs aren't ready.
. Wall Street wants Bernanke to create yet another bubble, but Main Street does not.
AGONY COLUMN-God, Guns, & Guts music video
#Rupaulsdragrace I think that director just called Phi Phi "Pee Pee."
Gym followed by an extra special "Bachelor" night! Leslie Knope, "Galentine's Day" was the best idea you have ever had!!!!
Studio seven seattle....september 24th?
Ditto that! RT : Because deserves to announce the first game in a new
Laughing at (and secretly loving) the discovery of twitter accounts for and
You're hysterical & created a cult of Chuck Norris fans can't wait to hear you speak
Generosity is not taught in America, no matter what people tell you. Americans are raised on pride and self-reliance, not generosity.
thank you will check it out
Thank you Wanda for the return message. Keep writing!
yeah i want to! Howabout u?
I've hit my small talk and cheerful attitude quota for the week already and Knitting Club is Wednesday. Good heavens, I'd better bring wine.
Is anyone taking the BCBA/BCaBA exam in May?
yaaay!!! LAMBORGHINI MERCY your chick she's so thirsty, I'm In that two seat lambo with your girl she's trynna jerk me!!!
My 3yo nephew would tell you to add Vaseline to slide more. (That's what he did to his tub.)
Congrats! Happy friday from Chicago...
I miss you, where have you been.
congrats on the success!
yeah same! I mean they were amazing but I looved that singing group (forgot what they're called lol) :P
SSC in the Arena District is the BEST, most convenient, and best value breakfast and health food in downtown Columbus, Arnold Athletes!
YAYAYAYAY!!! it does!!! :) Check it out! I explode towards the end of the film!! so glad you're seeing it
Feel honored. Idiot is afraid of you and you know it.
All this driving is killing me
NATO-hood. Ha!! Matzoh ball soup without the schlep would be awesome.
...and our semester-end buyback has come to an end. We will be open normal hours (excluding holidays) to buy and sell. Happy Holidays!
yea I do read my tweets nigga
Weems Gallery in #ABQ had 3 sculptures stolen today. 2 bronzes by Burzillo, 1 by B. Girard. The thieves are trying to sell them now.
Sloppy drinks for sloppy bitches
The graduation quilt orders are starting to roll in! Love this time of year!!
Welcome to the 90s baby <3
Hopefully $1 #bomb night leads me to some pretty
If you have a tongue piercing I automatically think your a slut.
last time i checked i got way more guys than you .
yep, ditto here... “: God is making it rain on me today. Except he didn't get the memo to use cash.”
it says forbidden to me
I need to be better.
Some Kid Cudi #nowplaying Can I Be
hahaha deal :) umm now let me think of a good joke
I'm so jelly!
Haha females be thirsty too.. I just witnessed thee dehydration (anybody wanna get this hoe a gatorade?!]
where at ??
That's very good work you do!
#10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs right through me
Translation: "I shouldn't be accountable for saying hateful things." RT : The importance of explanation is quite overrated.
With "Which tradition?" you ask *the* key question, one that lays bare what is actually meant by appeals to the "traditional."
Heading over to with to join the fun 's Chef Rock Bands! Seeya there!
the weather is awesome in NY
I need to be more active on linkedin.
aye , Sergio Martinez???
I love you baby
That. Awkward moment when he asks you to homecoming ......
Oh, and also most girls that start with J.
not everyone...some people come home next week..
im not good at this twitter thing at all....
Oh no doubt, I think all 3 of the other teams are more talented than the Rams. The exciting thing is all 4 are very young.
Hey Bubba! You ain't one of those SOBs, are ya?
I miss you more babes...
Lakers-Heat; Bron-Kobe are NOT Bloods and Crips, Dems-Repubs, Floyd and Manny you don't have to choose!
Everyone stop talking about 1d tickets, I'm sad enough that they're not even coming any where near me :(
Another where you think it could happen, but that they won't really be gone. RIP Whitney Houston. It must be SO hard to deal w/addiction :(
Collar popped
I'm looking forward to our trip to chi-town this weekend!!!
Reminder, if you could not make it to the conference. Stay tuned to this Twitter feed to keep updated.
“: #flipboard for iPad (cool app!) #psp11” I downloaded it during his commercial!
Dusty vs Every One in sweet home GET IT IN lol
haha yeah you cute
If anyone out there has more details, fill us in. And if you have video of the incident... iPhone, mini cam, etc... definitely tweet at me.
just starting Ledoux's poster hw <U+E058>
Who men think they can control any female its like what are you a whitch cause you don't have much charrm
Yup, Roger that.
Happy Biryhday from your muffins!!! Everyone follow her! She's super close to 10,000 followers :-) RT!
Poured a fifth of Jameson in my Gatorade this morning, because you know, cross training and shit.
YES PLEASE !
I didn't know that people were still into Kraftwerk. At least not on this type of level.
I did, and it was glorious.
So now that I'm pretty much totally self employed, does this mean I can speak more freely now and do rebellious things like openly swear?!
Just did a sweet hydration at the Grilled Cheese Truck parked on Santa Monica Blvd!!
outside pools? I think they open this weekend
SMILE!!!! GOOD MORNING TWEETIES!!!!
congrats, wow, amazing, holy cow.....
I'm bout to play some music and try to put together these outfits! #designer!
the ram part is why i dont....1Gb ram used partially by the video card
Creating a custom blog template will NOT defeat me! Anyone care to share some good resources? Using
and who are ur two best friends
OK, thanks!
trade up for RG3 and let's be relevant again. It's been too long
They should make a biggie hologram that shit would be so live
Looking forward to it!
Didn't Ben Franklin have something to say about that? Something about those who would give up liberty for safety?
Plan for the day: Drop bro off 4 game at 10, then go to doctors office 4 me, then go to my friends house 4 kennywood
thanks for the rt!
Doing a dental clinic them free pet pics at the shop today!!! WOOF!
Well I am a preacher...(laughing)
Just attacked the #SAA2012 program with a highlighter. Lots of talks I want to see, going to be a VERY busy trip to Memphis!
whats yo email homie? we about to email all the music for my set.
So Seau killing himself was in direct relation to past concussions ???
have done that many times. Makes for great practice. Gl
Using the words "hot and steamy" grosses me out.
Thank you!
Going on vacation in a few days, need a good beach read suggestion. Ready, go!
Dear Twitter, What do I have to do to be "Verified"? Who else would I be, but me?
If i want to watch a horse race, I'll go to Old Tavern on Second Saturday and watch last call.
Winning a superbowl
EPA Admin Jackson, Sec of Commerce Bryson, Sec of AG Vilsack, USTR Amb Kirk speat at #americanu & EPA Technology Market Summit
The new album from Ariel Pink & R. Stevie Moore titled 'Ku Klux Glam' is a giant waste of everyone's time.
you're welcome:)!
Loved the Columbia Heights Farmers Market this morning! Kudos to - best in the city!
OMG dani followed me on twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Also, happy overrated historical event day!
I'm like drooling over "Some Nights" because it's PERFECTION. created a masterpiece.
LA Voice has an intern! Always spreading the SLP knowledge to those that are interested!
const. What it took 2 guys to do now it's just one
Do you have a plan for this account?
Glad you like it! It's nice when social media is actually useful for something fun...
Daylight savings time! Remember to spring forward tonight!
The $1 Million Facebook Experiment supports local an national charites. Members are asked to donate $1 per month. Join now. We need you!
Please stop daily texts
I aim to be a Peaceful Warrior
wont raise the retirement age, cites Galveston,
RT : Here is the Blackberry Vojito we will be featuring at the party Friday night! Starts
let just say its going to be a long year
Lmbo!! This scared me and made me laugh at the same time.
...anyway at all, it's an absolute embarassment. This whole thing is stupid on his part, and he's going to lose big here.
Hey are you all in Chicago?
when? I'm not far
you can finally get that Nokia you've had your eye on
Theres no need to rush, if something is meant to be it will happen. At the right time, with the right person, for the right reason.
Word! Thanks for the shout out! We owe you.
You know it! Stay on your grind, I'll be coming through soon!
"The most beautiful words of love are spoken in the silence of a look ..." <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
honestly, I'm more excited for MIB 3 than new spidey
And your mama said?
I'm going to miss Missing after tonight. I wish it wouldn't have got cancelled.
Weed in front garden – Suspect arrested after officers ID pot in yard
you didnt have a big part in piranha 3dd
Please do a duet with Babyface. How Could Angel Break My Heart is one of all time favorite songs. I love you both!
happy birthday to your puppy.. This part of the new job has to break your heart.. I know it would mine...
RT : Gearing up now for day two keynotes at #AribaLIVE ... expect some breaking news too. Live tweets to come.
Merry Christmas from Black Belt Bachelor!
Tonight's Plat du Jour: Coq au Vin! Slow-cooked free-range chicken prepared w/ red wine, mousseline potatoes & winter vegetables ($23) Yum!
Ugh thatss nasty fa real
does this apply to charters? I'm assuming it does.
Creating an open environment for collaboration with a culture that embraces vulnerability = a great solution
Last day of conference.
Did you know that what we now call wood blinds were known as Venetian blinds?
hahaa i was watchin him on espn for the elite11 he is lmao
sentinel prime
A goal without a date is a wish
How was the first?
We have great photos of La Mesa elementary students from yesterday's "Big Bad Wolf" mock trial on campus. Pls DM if interested.
N. Wolf: It's like witnessing your favorite aunt develop Alzheimer's. Very slow, very sad, prone to saying absurd things.
Im realizin how childish that we r bein
Thanks for the #FF mention!
You really can't even play me like that and expect me to do shit about it
I haven't decided lol
Glad you like it. I was about to walk out the merchant's door if he didn't take my offer... :)
Havin' a hard time being on this planet today.
Who wants to be my co owner for my twitter account ?
oh yea.. new avi..man i'm starvn. cant wait to see my twin in a couple weeks
Got to sit here and wait for the last football game of the year! Agggggh!
thanks for the encouragement, today blows I'll have to fill you in lata
He's got a head of fiery hair and a turbo-charged backpack...
How many honest, intelligent, caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes? ~ Both of them.
that weave suits you *wink wink* <U+263B>
I grew up in post-Colts Baltimore so I have to laugh at this! But, my alma mater, Maryland isn't much better this year.
haha. And you're the only person to mention it.. maybe too subtle.
Cock, paper, scissors.
You're never too jewish to worship jesus
I think the refrigerator light might be my totem. It's how I can tell if I'm having a nightmare, or just midnight binging.
Pastoral's Sinfully Healthy and Millennium Park Bean sandwiches will be on #Sandwichking! Don't miss it Sunday at 10 AM
Where are you planning on going to lunch? How about making it a #bartab partner and treating yourself to a $1 drink!
Music make u lose control
I just got a job at Walmart, working second shift. I wanna hang soon!
Wing night tonight! 38 cent wings! Attitude adjustment pricing until 9! Join us!
Get started in the craft of #infographics & #dataviz by (). #opengov #opendata folks need to get on this.
Next #HalfTime you should be Performing Straight-Up!! in #Superbowl 47!!
ayy thanks mate!!
Stellar Phoenix data recovery I LOVE YOU!
yes it is lol
Duff's Wings 3651 Sheridan Dr, Amherst, NY 14226 GOOD LUCK in BUFFALO!
I wonder if the paramount in austin will actually put the title of Sarah silvermans show on the building out front. This could be a problem
I miss him though
Thanks for looking out for our Zipcars! Were you able to call in and report this?
The economy is supposed to serve mankind not destroy it; humans made the issues; humans are the only ones who can solve them
no San antonio? .___. That's cool, bro.
quarter-life-crisis starts as of… now.
When summer is here, we can do that because of my pretty little patio - room for more than one LOL.
My mother is dying from #lungcancer. Not a good idea to promote smoking photos. Ever known anyone with #cancer?
hanging out at the office waiting for my mom to finish watever shes doing.
that CD slaps
I'm at the St Francis Hotel
have a good day fav<3
Hey , you see what happens when CERTAIN people like get in a movie? They start disowning people.....lol
Two quick steps from shore / Drown every inch, twice or more / Sea change to the core.
Thanks for the RT re !!
Chillin at Baptist Memorial Hospital waiting to do pre-tests. Getting surgery done in a bit. I'm anxious for the aftermath.
The world is my Fried Chicken Combo! I don't like Oysters. Ha.
: Hi Tom! I mean the community your museum serves - not the museum worker community. Outward conversations not inward.
RT : well tell her then. Lol I already did
Happy Administrative Assistants Day!
what up with the geeky rap video
It is either a win win or lose lose. I coached 2 aau "stars" but they were just decent hs players who cudnt or wudnt defend
I love watching footloose I am watching the new 1 right now
When i Saw You for the first time, Holding you the first time, Kissing You the first time, Holding your hand the first time, It Was Perfect<U+2661>
if South Panola can drop after losing to good teams (Hoover) ranked nationally and locally, then Bassfield can drop...
He's next.
please do!
Just saw the latest Nice spread! Beautiful as always! Can't wait for the Client List to start!
city council city council city council city council
K I am being followed in Walmart by a bearded man. #notcool clearly I can see you are following me.
if your having a sucker free day throw ya 2's up <2222222222
Lots of new products in the pipeline - should be a fun summer!!!!
tired of talking
Mayor: a point person with the city who will monitor all construction impacts over the next while (incl parking spaces)
Having the ventilation shut off in your office is always a good sign that it's time to leave
I like your icon! (;
just setting up for the macarena
PSI I DON'T DATE ASSHOLES ANYMORE CARRY ON
RT : Anybody can be a runner. We were meant to move. We were meant to run. -Bill Rodgers
I love a Spin class followed by a pilates/yoga class. Can be abbreviated to 30 minutes each. Easy to teach and effective.
yeah, sorry they can technically, but the way the ravens and steelers play, I don't think the browns will win enough others.
So happy my hubby is on the way! <U+E106><U+E022><U+E111>
#DPLA and #libmade, should these 2 ideas be converging?
Admit it, you've lied to get out of hanging with someone.
I know that was terrible making Chin choose. I hope he did call someone. She cant die.
And now and I are listening to Godspell. No, really. Holler
u silly..lmao
Hey, I tweeted a potential fantasy baseball trade that was offered to me. What do you think?
Leonardo Da Vinci The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Omg! My brother just dropped his wallet and what fell out? Not a condom.. No. A SOUPLANTATION COUPON!!!!
These <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083>ain't cutting it
wow Serena Williams , all that hard work your father did to shape your career and you put it all to waste. ...an #epicfail by him.
We can chat all we want about Butler to the A-10, but the Dawgs had a football player sign w/ the Bengals today. Does the A-10 have BCS bid?
24 hours into being a #dad and it's pretty awesome.
Usher-Climax , <3
don't die wondering what if.
Gala Screening A Dangerous Method #NYFF exceeded expectations-bold, smart, moving.
I see Kristen! really pretty name :{) How old are you?
World's largest speedtrap at north entrance to city of Verona.
I just want to let YOU know YOU'RE gorgeous.
Hate fake profiles... DF outta here
When you're a a checkout with your mom and the only thing you have is candy, chips, and soda, you know you have problems.
Apologies for our less than frequent tweets (I'm studying abroad). From now on, Egan will be tweeting for us. She'll sign with /ef. /te
I definitely drew inspiration for that tweet from our convo the other day
Just FYI - I just bought the winning #megamillions ticket so everyone else might as well save their money.
The library needs to be available wherever students need it!
come back to milwaukee sooonnn!
you sneaky bastard! I was listening to some AT yesterday!! Likewise my man, can't wait to unite the clans... You're the jam
DANCE BREAK: Go! *boogies*
Local school has built own state-of-the-art TVStudio & Media centre! Shows broadcast on local cable station- life is all about opportunity!
So, are you out to your family and friends
Aw heat :(
went on nbc commenting on laserdude from LA claiming to treat dark circles with what looks like an erbium laser...i am not a believer!!
2nd hottest ticket in town behind the #pacers has to be this Friday at ! First to get back to me gets 2 tickets!
idk why i gotta feel like this ,
Just had to say TY for the inspiring end-of-year email. Loved the quotes from leaders, they really get it- Happy 2012
I am loving this weather <3 <3
No Justice Thomas admited to lying on his finance disclosure forms & Taxes yet Issa didn't bother to investigate
that would be appreciate greatly. I will make an effort to come in today or some time this week.
Hating my Mac today. It's doing all the wrong things.
I know what you mean my brotha
looking for a support contact in Carson City NV for a lost submissive. Email me at if you know of anything
I'm already naked
Thanks for the RT!
It is Peter Wittenburg. Apologies for misspelling
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Cannot believe its almost 1AM there and these guys are still racing. #DAYTONA500 go #17!
I didn't get it either...... Lmfao
Canon T2i is the current leader!
First Tip: Protect Your Computer- Take care of your equipment and systems before you head out into the Internet realm.
Dreams amaze me
It may sound absurd, but dont be naive. Even heroes have the right to bleed.
I love life in everybody in it <3
Wow. Def thought this was fake. RT : Oh hey, look who's on twitter finally! And yes, it's really me.
Mac miller (:
( I agree
Seriously Chicago?! 61 degrees with a chance of rain!! We really are gonna put out the Fire huh?!
Incredibly misleading title; was not expecting to read about students/cell phones. Kind of disappointed.
Uh robin I Duraheer 'd on da kitty
haha, we're getting beers asap!
Checking if my webcam is on when I do really shady shit is my grown up version of checking under my bed for monsters
I have the best twitter and facebook friends in the world! You guys Freakin Rock and have been making me a better me! Thank You !
Why can't you just be happy, why can't you just be happy...
There are attack ads against Santorum on in Knoxville and on TV commercials here. They're from some PAC.
how about we clone Messi instead...
Fighting Britney first block
I need to constantly remind myself to never read the comments of Milwaukee Journal Sentinel articles.
I love you, girl!
We're putting together our monthly newsletter next Monday. If you have a volunteer opp. you need help with, let us know!
k that's cool too
how does that make it a hump day!?! Lol
yo dude. I didn't even know I we following you!!! Crazzzzzyyyyyy
Happy mother's day to (she's on twitter and therefore better than your mom)
It seems that Cars 2 Go is the latest cancer on Portland streets. Two clowns want to park in front of my house.
It's all really fascinating. But less tweeting, more paper finishing. :)
how did you get the email from where ?
This morning was fun!
Meetings all day, than more work, & finally than pool time... Hit up my cell for stuff coming up this weekend... (602)882-0317
Jeffrey will be the wishbone this time. It was nice knowing you, Jeffrey.
how old are you ?
Killed a bottle of Bartenura tonight with peach ciroc damn damn good
Irony: the men in black are coming for rip torn
OMG 7th Guest is FREE in the AppStore. Who remembers that game?
Wear a suit - regardless of what you hear, get the job, and then cater to the office environment
We've craving lasagna tonight... Let us whisk you away to Italy from the comfort of South Beach! 305.673.1312 for reservations.
I can't believe this girl . Lmfaoo Stfu already.
Ready to start the Chicago #hotchocolate15k. Bur.
Aww gee thanks :) hahaha! #success oh and no fake shit RT : i believe in you lol...
Have to believe that you aren't the only political mind that has contemplated that scenario.
Early to bed, just to spite the neighbor dogs. Can't wake me up if I'm already awake, now can ya? Last thought goes to my birthday mother.
shoot, I was hoping for an acai berry pizza :/
GOD knows EXACTLY what he wants each of us to do - b quiet & listen
Welcome to my house party........
And I'd give up forever to touch you.
great job today at #aasocialtv! ps I'm a fellow IPG-er (UM).
I think it's going to be Common that helps me cross into a larger audience. The question now, is simply, how...
you go gurllz
Famine in #Somalia drag #Africa stocks down. Real painful seeing faces of starving children on TV. All hands on deck. Let's help!
You seem angry. Relax. It's just Twitter. I don't buy that white privilege bullcrap. Life is tough for everyone.
Tonight we bring New Scenes! New Scenes!
“I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!” An American Werewolf in London (1981)
can you get me the phone charger
#ITAOTC Carnival Style Feast w WORLD RENOWNED Chefs & More! Take A Bite 5.3.12
it made me smile too! <U+E057>
A skillful man reads his dreams for self-knowledge, yet not the details but the quality. Ralph Waldo Emerson
On the way to Ohio for a minute
Next person to follow me I will follow back
apparently, i have no morals. how sad.
Getting into the zone with help from The Verve.
Quote of the Day: "Change your thoughts and you change the world." -- Norman Vincent Peale
Oh yeah.
The door to a balanced success opens widest on the hinges of hope and encouragement.
I will say the Lumia executed this task quite well, but of course that's no reason for me to abandon my iPhone.
Hugo count: 5 out of 10
Packing our new #ecofriendly inks for Uganda!
Don't forget it's Gold Card Week. 4 more days to cash in on great savings!
fuck. I needed osu and under for a nice pay day.
IT'S COOL THAT YOU DRIVE A DODGE STRATUS DAVE
Mell saved his team, but P won this round by a small margin! GAME ON!
Hey mama what it do? Gave me the world this song is for you, mama!
just found out what?
i wanna go for a bike ride
cant wait to lose 50$ on a horse i picked... liked the name... should be exciting tho
Why is it called the Midwest not the Mideast when it's technically more east than west?
Did that really just happen? Omg on that note taking a nice long nap
Libraries for free access and opportunity for all! L, Yes! www.savethelibrary.org
#ITSABOUTTIME you stop chasing after someone elses man or girl
LP JV football opened up a can of woop ass on Pueblo South JV football score: 32-0
Join us on #WheresWaldo and tell us about your exciting industry #event you're attending. #businesstravel We're social too!
IMY like everyday....
": you know I am down with you like four flat tires EXCEPT with your Heat LOL #LAKERNATION" A-Mand, Bishop!
Thinking bout gun shopping....
Q7: yes, that's one of the reasons i try to sleep good
Shot a new video today, now its time to go let loose at the club!!
Mandarin oranges cheese itz n cold water then off to bed with my Queen
Prime is Correct about Tony Romo. Time for the Dallas Cowboys to move forward. He will be gone at seasons end!
On one hand it's a pity Keith Olbermann is so "difficult" but on the other hand if he wasn't he wouldn't be the Keith we know and love.
aww how sweet lol. have fun ladies
I feel you Sitch..
I'll just wait til Avengers 2 comes out.
I KNOW I don't want to get hit on but that was a very wise salesman and a gourmet moose shit maker.
Man. #Caps couldn't buy a goal on that power play.
not 100% percent yet but will let u know A$AP!
thanks God bless!
It's kind of hard to have an open conversation about opening up a troubled platform on a platform (G+) that is itself closed.
So good to chat, !
hey…you need to join us at BSD.
As always, well played - well played. You never disappoint.
we have the best prices and we delivery the best mexican food in denver look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
We love chronic pain research!
Some people don't understand the word "bestfriend" and its true meaning ... I still have my two till the end :)
call me
At least one yellow from you today, ok? Maybe to take down Donovan...? ;)
Crime Stoppers is temporarily unable to reply to DM due to the recent hack. I will respond later this evening. The account should now be OK.
Aziz Ansari talks comedy, food and his ‘Parks and Rec’ co-stars on Reddit
A bedtime challenge: Take an Ambien with two full glasses of water & see what your body deems more important: Waking up or pissing your bed.
Mitt Romney's primary headquarters was kind of dead, but Newt's is a party! That's not an endorsement. Just an observation.
Turmeric and coriander may be the stars, but don't underestimate the value of cinnamon and cloves in curry.
im not she asked me im i in cali dah
wish we could have helped with this Dodgeball event!
apples and peanut butter>>>
RT : Here go the niggas who watch games when the playoffs on... Kobe can't guard Westbrook? Yeah ok
#DWTS Who cut the front out of Brooke's dress? Looks slutty. Yeah, go ahead just call me Rush.
You want me to tell you who's beautiful ? Read the third word <3 lololol
I'm on a very restrictive diet & won't be drinking for months. But my friends will be getting tasty beers from the Bruery.
terrifying. also, your poor camera
Thanks for all the "Follow Fridays" you crazy kids!
El Cajon City Council votes to eliminate city's Commission on Aging and Disabilities...
We can add any image to your Monster Kart, Bag Toss, 360 Game Pod, and more
great, how is it gonna be?
Just realized these pants don't have front pockets.
Ha. Yes ma'am... Busy keeps me out of trouble. I appreciate the nice message. Salud!
I've heard about this place and have been meaning to check it out. Love bocce ball!
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback ;)
Amazing show last night! Va beach tonight! Last show with so come support!!
soccer games, farmers market, yoga, walks with ezra, greek festival, beers...the perfect day.
RT : it's not dropping out until they die. Call those campaigns "in remission"
Joey V, Timmy G out to NC
Troy Aikman calling Brady, "Montana like drive" so spot on!!!!
Operation Good Reputation starts today, kids.
To win, all you need to do is get up one more time than you fall down.
If you are living out of a sense of obligation you are slave.-Wayne Dyer
Im in the studio fina put some new Hits UP for yall stay tune thanks to all my supporter's i do it for yu #Tae Cash
Wish I was at the #nsvfummit! Busy working for being an early investor!
It's ok it's ok it's ok its ok you can run and tell your friends that I'm on
The FEC survived #dcquake and so did I... Hope all are ok and be safe
traighten right up.
Lunchbox Factory in Bellevue. Recommended.
Right? Bring Tito back and Theo too & while we're at it: Tek, Papelbon, Wake, Pedro, Manny!, Mike Lowell, who else?
Work consumes my life...
The Pima County Public Library in Ajo, AZ is without power and will be closed until power is restored.
RT Want to get the most out of your workout? DO eat a balanced diet.
how much more attention do you want?
back up your itunes folder, copy it to the new itunes folder. or even leave it anywhere, every song you play gets copied to itunes
Thanks One day is for amateurs. www.screwearthday.com
thanks for the #FF! I'm a huge advocate for MD local wines!
yeah we are! & if you live out of state just practice from the videos!
": Hearing a song you really like on the radio, and trying to remember part of the lyrics so you can google it when you get home."
We all are parts of the same puzzle! Thanks YaYsmile :)
You should come!!
#whenifirstmet GeminiSharese she was three years old and wouldn't stop biting the shit out of me everytime I went to Grandma's house...
thanks to all who came out to mayor 's press conference today announcing 's Apr 15 event. 10 miles of car-free streets
Yea!! Thanks!!
I'm going to guess the Kosher Indian is the other way around. No meat, just vegetarian, keep the butter and cream.
is focused on the next step because it's always the most important!!!
I tried to watch Syndromes and a Century a few weeks ago. Felt meh at end; probably would've loved it in the theater.
watchin pawn stars. bored. cold.
i have no clue saying we should hang out and shit .hmm
Hahah - I saw it. The only thing that was missing - "WESLLEYYYYYYYYY!!!"
ready for you may 19
ADAM Y U ALWAYS TROLL US
two weeks of manicures have been those colors respectively. I love them.
So sorry to miss the event! Would love to gone, but my day started at 5:00 am and I'm sleepy. Very sleepy.
I'm in Portland. Couldn't make #NABShow this year, but hope to be there next! Nice to meet you via tweet. --
i have the day off doing school work
Madison: , Dotty's Dumpling Dowry, Wondos, Brochah, Jenna's... Many more, it's Madison after all.
spent a whole day with him <3
Sorry, I have nothing to tell you or sell you.
About to interview LL Cool J via satellite. He's hosting the Grammys Sunday night on CBS. What should I ask?
i wantchu to come over
Sorry, but my other hoes have me so busy!
Men who don't like girls with brains don't like girls. ~ Mignon McLaughlin
SNOW - Our next project is very different. Rock star, love, sorrows, music, and well...snow.
retweet this if you find it gross when people eat doritos on the el. makes me wanna barf from the smell. same potential for cheetos just fyi
haha phew! Well i only use em with someone i really really like, It just flows then :)
Don't mess with someone else's relationship just because you can't get one. #thisiswhywebrokeup<\3 someone else was jealous
is ur Gmail ur primary email? Sent something there but thought about it after the fact lmk
Thanks! It's been a fun project. Can't wait to turn it into a book to share.
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." Anthony J. D'Angelo
I am honored to be showing #IWantYourMoney at #CPAC Theater - Thurgood Marshall Ballroom, Sat 02/11 Hope to see you there!
I hate this feeling
Thats shipping included?
"If you deliberately set out to be less than you are capable, you'll be unhappy for the rest of your life." - Abraham H. Maslow
for making smss12 trend... and of course for many other undisclosed reasons :) have a good one
We have a company holiday outing riding the bike tonight at 8! Come say hi when you see us out!
Amazing how your whole world can crumble with just a few words
Chili cheese fritos and A&W rootbeer are my weakness! Lol So good!
[5 - 1] The Milwaukee Brewers scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 1
; I love music too <3 expecially the kind you singg (;
Rondo looks like he's is in so much pain... I hope he's ok.
Good! : haha I will!
that last tweet of mine was meant for you
KIK me back, we have a mission >:)
The number is actually to a bridal shop in NYC. They've placed a message on their line informing callers that it's a scam.
Working on a exciting project to get images & stories on "welcoming the stranger" into houses of faith across North Carolina. More to come.
Yes i do remember, however i haven't come up with an idea yet. Its so good i want to do it just.
Ready to put my all in these finals!!! On my way to Morehouse when August comes!!! Ready for new experiences, new people, and ready 2 partay
RT : 79 days till I go to 301 in London, Oxford, Paris, and Normandy.
ByeeZ! GoinG To My Otheer Class!! LateR!
Laird will lead off the 11th with a home run and then LaRussa will take credit for having Molina get ejected.
Someone use my photo Haha thanks
So does winning a gold medal for a design presentation make me a "real" ux designer now?
Rondo = triple-double sunday
There have been, but they were tiny. Let's hope that Cascadia Subduction Zone doesn't go. ;)
drop drink over lap. Then pee. No one would notice. Febreeze
MY DOG IS EATIN HIS DOG FOOD SO FAST
Amon.... He can't even see that hes the worst kind of bender of them all. Of course all he wants is power and people to fear him.
Facebook acquired Glancee (that was quick!) - Amazing what SXSW can do for your company
Its all fun and games until somebodies' furniture starts floating down the street
But all I can do now if leave it in Gods hands and have faith that he will help us get threw this
welcome to
i got #UPALLNIGHT. :) it's amazing
hahahaha u got me holmes! I think?
No but I do on pinterest and Facebook. Jealous wife of an old friend. RT do you ever wonder if you have a twitter stalker?
Partying all Summer. :P
Evan with dreds >>>>>
"these docs don't care if you are on time. We have to wait so long, it ought to be free."
what happened?
believe in your own abilities to achieve greatness!!!!
Congrats well deserved and so glad grandma is there to share the moment
Den wanna retweet me.
Done packing up the car. Really gonna miss 229 Forest Park. This place has been good to all of us. Definitely the ideal college experience
And with that #Rangers victory, they will have the back page of the papers...even if the score holds up here at Camden Yards.
once upon a time... your a slut. the end
Andy Varejao thinks Kotchman took a dive... And gives it two thumbs up!
Babe , lets be nothing i heard it lasts forever<U+2665> .
great suggestion! We'd love to bring it back, stay posted!
that's whats up tell spin that JUICED UP, and watch the crowd go crazy...we JUICED UP,WE TOWW uP...
yeah man. I can't stand that shit. I'm sure it's the same people who used to fuck with me about loving the team so much.
Thanks love!! RT : happy bday! Many many more centuries to come!
I already want him signed long term!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
how u feeling?!?
She used to be the sweetest girl.
I got to start calling and texting people back, when told too. It seems like am being disrespectful and rude
Super duper bored
just got your card for christmas. Can't wait to start breaking it in!
i keep planning on reorganizing my closet. but then i realize naps sound more fun.
I still like that call.
play 5322 for the evening.
how do we make even better?! how about by adding another 20,000 square feet for YOU to get your dance on > www.BigNightDC.com
you still know my coffee habits -- ex roommate point for you.
Thank you for sharing my post
#lol #THATsJUSTwrong --->>> “: I wonder if tap dancers ever look at the floor and say to themselves, "I'd tap that"
An actor needs to get some help to make his career happen. A good agent goes a long way.
I just love you... your the best actor. love everything you have ever done. can you follow me? it would make my life!!!
Poetry readings at 's TURF today from 2-7!
Like a fucking good laugh, and love a good fucking.!")
tell the ids to check out cafe gratitude. it's vegan and truly SF, which is either great or awful depending.
Az BeerFest! How we liking TailGate?!
Not surprising to see Tiger get crushed. He hasn't played enough over the past 6 months. Somewhere Keegan Bradley is pretty bummed.
I finally realized,That I can't get you off my mind (`<U+25BD>´)-s
All those that hug and profer yellow journalism, i'll start blocking. Get yourselves a gossip-sheet site instead.
Three things a guy want to change about his girl is her last name, address and her viewpoint on men.
"I know that I'll never stand as tall as these buildings, I'll never quite reach the sky"
#eyeroll MT : Gingrich on WI ties "We own a share of GB stock so we have ties to the whole state in that sense."
Agree. blocking is a slippery slope. Better to educate, provide guidance and roles. Some framework is reasonable.
Well I certainly have not missed Norfolk's traffic + construction
I thank you all for that. With all the great things and great people in District 14, it's an easy thing to do.
One day these fake ass marks gunna realize that what they think is "Real" is as fake as they are
Going Green: windows cause heat, tint or use (white) blinds. Doors and windows for caulking. 305-232-3344 we will inspect ur building.
Motorcycle would be better :P Something like a Kawasaki Ninja 800cc
Don't worry about life, you're not going to survive it anyway.
Game Time!
No tizzy, I have no allegiance....but whenever I read through tech websites or read stuff from Apple friends..there's always
Natalie and Emma get waffles, I get cereal
Follow Please? Its Almost Her Birthday.!
wow! NICE!
Hubby just transferred 23 months of his Post 9-11 GI Bill to me! That covers the rest of my BA & at least half of my Masters. Love that man!
totally! shoot me an email, I'll get it to you ()
(what's all this about cakes?)
ha ha! No shit! You called it,
another shitty looking day for me . cool
In bed before 11...
Happy Christmas! good food, GREAT wine and warmth of family.
Thanks for the follows!
haha what time is your rehearsal over tonight?
follow me
my favorite show on Ssoo COLD BEER on the shaft of your penis...gets rid of embarrassing boners..idk that really sounds like a MANSWER
Don't put words in my mouth. And the words that do come out of my mouth don't get them twisted!
Hey, I can make a song about your teeth ' black and yellow black and yellow' and you need to hear the remix 'green and purple.
congrats.best champ since cena.great time 2 cash it in.great job last night
you're welcome bud. Gotta look out for our followers
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there
Really a Great great match! Chelsea vs. Napoli
In the words of 'YOLOin cuz YOLO' sums up my life right der
RT : Foster Care Friday Fact: Nelson Mandela, James Dean & Babe Ruth have 1 common bond - they were all #fostercare kids.
Wtf do they like about him bo
looks like if i have facts straight, '98? I think. Don't banish me if I'm wrong though!
Mud: Let dry completely, brush off. Soak fabric in 1/4 cup detergent & enough water in a bowl to cover for 1 to 2 hrs. Wash.
lucky!! I get them off in like another year and a half!! :(
Moss for 1 year, which will be his final year to prove his worth for big time $ to other teams, or Plaxico, for same reasons?
do ya want it to say n e thing?
Feeling a really real connection to Aaliyah right now
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 4
Jurassic Park 4: Dinosaurs with Made Up Names
Brian Dietz will serve as the next interim president and CEO of St. Mary's Hospital ().
lol I did to hey can u go follow my group twitter n be a fan of use.... please
I'm becoming a ninja of writing! Kick out articles left and right.
Yep, Rice has 1 game lead over MB & Holton. 2 games over me. 6 to go...time to make my move :)
IM GOING TO TEEN HOOT IN 4days here I come , and yay I cant wait!!!!
Getting ready for bed? Nope. Being a good friend? Yep.
it's good.
is it just me or do these things want to fight back!!!?
really excited about our newly designed blog compoent. it makes blogging about art and artistic thoughts exciting www,itsartnotstuff.com
Sometimes I wish a giant would carry me around in his breast pocket and I could just relax.
So damn tired, but it was a nice coming home to a clean house! Thanks babe!
Follow back caca :) ?
#Bleu is looking for an online editorial director . If you are interested send your resume to . NY residents a plus
Jobs , jobs, jobs, that will lead us to a better real estate economy.
366 followers! Thanks!!! Keep the support up! New tunes being prepared! :) needs all the love! :) <3
RT : 1980s Tom Waits songbook sitting on top of the pile at Fate in action. Purchase made.
Having a day off gets a little boring, and you find yourself doing work anyway...sometimes.
tell your friends to follow usto get amazing discount
I hate when flights are full
Way to pretty to be inside!!
LADIES: that fake gay shit is so FUCKING CORNY!
Sometimes when life seems a little hard, my lil girl is all that is needed to up lift my soul.
Well played Indiana, well played.
Kobe a dog man he got this and you know it
Sometimes awful things have their own beauty. Maybe I'm heartless, like i just don't care.
Raffle crew getting ready to sell tickets to the Ravens folks.
I do haha!
awww you're so sweet Bingy, marry me
ok... Just keeping my options avail just incase something comes up
You are my 100th follower. Thank you and the other 99 followers! Cheers!
It *is* like opening gifts sometimes! Sadly I can't accept bribes in exchange for opening TCs but you can visit the Museum & watch!
rondo beating everyone.
thanks for following! Have a great week!
Who has good info to share about performance support tools for mobile delivery?
Not now, but I go there often. I haven't seen any other virtual or real friends check in there though.
Derrick Frost back on board with Chiodos!
Yessir is co-hosting this afternoon on the radio w/Pauly.. gettin' ready for his performance tonight at Tilt!!
Listening to Harold Varmus talk at #Berlin9 : Publications are an essential part of research, worth funders paying for!
Hey these Insiders show you have quite the extensive and diverse staff. Need in house counsel that can also do game design?
I've no doubt. Plenty of comedy gold in your mine.
LOL I'M SO GLAD I DIDN'T GO TO TRADE SCHOOL TODAY! THEY'RE ALL COMPLAINING ABOUT THE SUB! #Breakfastclubproblems! :D
I'm on a roll! 4 hours down 4 to go
Goin' out on a sartorial limb today - no black!
The other word. Hence my reaction.
no! *stomps off* lol
he did it big too, no apologies. Ken Burns' doc on him is AMAZING.
tweets to you c:
The Lord told me to tell you that the Glory has left the Lakers and it rests on the Heat!!! sheoughobo
nothing much
Judge rejects releasing bin Laden photos
Good Morning Austin!<3 How did you sleep?(:
4 sure just did
wow I thought it was just me i.e. Jenny Craig commercial! yuck.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention... "I hate my mom." You want ur way. "I'm stressed, I need a vacation." U just got back. "We need to stop." ;-)
Col is now on Twitter, I suggest you follow.
ik me too! She's so talented <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
yea I got it Wednesday
Didn't win the
I have no words.
Had teal nails! Red next maybe...??
Statement by Love family thanks prosecutor Dave Chapman for his "tireless efforts".
Well, that's 90 minutes I'm never getting back.
RT I support as a Community Web Producer--our voice for ATL's historic & dynamic South/SW neighborhoods!
Fried with
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
may have been a goat in another life, considering all the garbage I've consumed today.
- We're Glad you love the results of your Google Business Photos Shoot!
When i heard he was talking to someone else, i wanted to jump off a cliff. I HATE THIS FEELING"
Woman, you look GOOD in that dress! Definitely wear it to the prom! :)
the things we keep: weekend snaps.
one of my neighbors has a green sedan with a stormtrooper helmet with crossbones printed on the on the hood. not a good sign.
Good news! I can now open a beer bottle with a screwdriver and a house key
when a guy say i'm pretty it feels different from when my friends say that i am..
I should be sleeping..
I know. It's disgraceful.
Some of us needs advice from others 2 navigated thru life whatever happen 2 the master theory we all control our own destiny by faith.
AUSTIN I FREAKING LOVE YOU COVER OF SOMEONE LIKE YOU. So beautiful! Follow back please?(:
thinks today is spend all those gift cards day
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward.
he didn't move yet . He's moving tommorow !
My mom is thrilled to FINALLY take off some lbs. I have not seen her this happy in too long.
#NCAAFinals Kansas looks immature right now
I hate when they show Movie Previews / Trailers on TV and dont tell you who stars in them makes me NOT want to see the movie for that reason
I know, right? I think I might just start with the last few chapters.
Any great new software finds from folks who spent time at MacWorld SF?
Hugh Crawford: Object orientation as a form of desire like other orientations.
feel better bud
Couldn't go to sleep until I prestiged again on mw3!!!!!!! With
Christmas Vacation with the Griswolds will always be my favorite holiday movie. "is your house on fire Clark?"- aunt Bethany
Taekwondo & Karate students: Check out Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts on Amazon Kindle eBooks
Just made reservations for Serendipity 3! =D
Kobe's answer about World Peace's elbow on was perfect
For my advancement friends, anyone heading to #caseindiana tomorrow downtown? Going to miss
Bywater Films looking to produce marketing videos for SF food trucks. Tweet back if interested.
that's right up there with "no this wasnt designed to be exposed to users, but it's totally user friendly!"
Happy Sweetest Day everybody.
slap him across the face and then hug him for me
Awesome. Thanks!
Text Me Im Sad:(
thanks for the @ and #happymothersday to a great mom!
lol ... you just sent the same tweet like 8 times! I <3 the spam goddess!
Thanks, Saint!
hahahahah schubie I love u. Miss ya boo ;)
<U+2764><U+2764> Dream as if ull live forever , live as if u would die today! <U+2764><U+2764>
Sorry to hear it!
I've been at my parents' house for not even 24 hours, and I think I've already gained 5 lbs.
any tix left for tonight's show? thanks.
Herman Cain = Andy Kaufman?
I have 30 minutes to write a 5 page paper. lets see how well this goes.
Yeah, just pick me up some firewood and some m&m's. Thanks for asking.
I just can't. get. enough. coffee.
Be careful. Mentioning the #RedSox when you're next to could get you thrown out of the press box.
Knowing you are on Twitter made me smile today!
“: Water would taste a lot better if it was vodka.” and Vodka would taste a lot better if it was
RT : Happy Birthday to one of my favorite WWE Superstars, my son !
Weird to say this but soaking up the sun never felt so god. Relax, don't do it! I'm gonna get dark!
Someone totally needs to put that in a movie!
how do you know this?
I like it too, but like , the paper makes me a bit nervous.
drinkin at your house???
Cool - Thanks. I will certainly add it.
Sarah stop.
again another impressive speech ! I envy you your job working for this great man as history will prove out !
The coffee is hot and donuts, scones & granola await! Come on over, friends! 125 Fleet St.
When one team dominates a series 75-37-5, is it really a "rivalry" anyway? Enjoy the SEC.
I didn't know what else to say ha
please. Follow me??<U+2665>
Oh, now that you're "in the spotlight" you think you can act big & bad?? #Please realize no one liked you then, no one likes you NOW!
Thank YOU! It was great texting with you! :)
Hey! I'm still here. Virtually. A few miles away.But close enough...
that's rough
#Don'tBeAfriad To Sing As Loud As You Want.
I know the game...analyst!
meh it got boring :P uh i have school soon :( *cries*
Last night was Crazy, Blazers tore up the lakers and the Roots came to town. Today I am heading to the Brew fest at the Rose Quarter.
"Mahone.." and then she's like "yeah him!" i was like BITCH BACK OFF HE IS MINE.
lmao. this is why i
Dont forget about me
Let's go Wildcats!
Sorry I work more than once a week, unlike you.
the real reason you care less and less about the nfl is cos ur geordies boys are 3rd in the premier league
Chelsea lately. Bye. Insomnia. Bye.
great point!
"The High Cost of Bathing" Bathing fell out of favor in the middle ages, when filth on you was considered protection against illness....
Twitter Poll: What dessert do you like best after eating a sushi meal?
are you SB's fish lovers? Yes or no? what's your favorite sea food and how do you like it prepared?
Packers hope McMillian cures safety issues - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
As my schedule gets finalized for the week, I'll email you and
thts so sweet :')
We support Red Necks 100% in our neck of the woods. Love #NitroCircus they
they have no life. Just because you hang out with her. Its your life. Why do they have that much hate on herr?
In Griffith's Born Again Bodies, she talks bodies, race & religion esp how thin equals white & "good"
Almost got arrested. So rebellious. #noiseviolation /yd
Follow us on Twitter
Oh yeah RT : RT if you’re going to see #Avengers again this weekend!
- Taco Tuesday's and Slider Wednesday's !!!
"a great team guy" "plays decent defense" "starting to hit the ball hard,just right at guys" #MarinerExcuses for
As if you needed another reason to visit the today. MT giving out candy for halloween at MGC 3rd floor School of Comm
Think "ALEX". Government efficiency left when President Eisenhower left. Burn it into your little brain.
Thanks ! Nice virtually meeting you
HAPPY NEW YEARS 2012
Which is further from downtown Detroit: Ypsilanti or Troy?
Read your favorite poem aloud for others at our Say You, Say Me poetry event. Today. 6:30PM Evelyn Meador Branch...
I like to think it's with my looks.
how's everyone doing?! we'll be releasing the winners of the contest this later this week, we're loving all the entries!
Oh U do photography too...word lets set up a Time! I cant wait
Moved my hands today for Wendy ( the girl with red hair "zip another one-stop!-grab it-up-up-up-eat it-put it down-send it on its way"...
#citytalk Agreed US Public Housing was good until we stopped maintaining it in the 50's. Please were scared to throw litter.
Lmfao @ Mean Girls "Don't have sex because you will get pregnant and die! So just don't do it now anyone want some rubbers?" xD
Tropical nurseries are filled with ferns bromeliads and orchids...such amazing plant species! I want to take them all back to NYC
this is tron by the way
I finally know what it feels like to be 16 years old! Now I can finally start writing bad rockabilly songs about driving cars!
well I am not going to listen haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
No Josh. Great shot Josh
Great Brightcove get together at Marvin last night. My heads at the beach now. Headed to the Outer Banks later today.
Nice bow Prust u just bought urself a dinner date with shannaban
Played a great show after a really difficult week. This is exactly what making music should be--uplifting.
I was one of the people who stood up for Pau not being traded this year. Never again. He was pathetic last night.
Hey #bmgen folks: working w nonprofits, how do you tend to map funders, clients, partners, members... to customers, partners, resources?
Bitch you aint no barbie ; i see you work at arbys, number 2 ; super size, hurry up i'm starvin, gnarly, radical on the block i'm magical[;
Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness. - Shakti Gawain
I'm a ass i swear
If you feel you know any high school athletic directors that would be interested in having their games broadcast, please let us know!
Methinks it's time to survey the local employment openings. The office vibes are ripening.
Racism @ Driftwood Elem. Sch in Hollywood, FL! White stud bullied 12 y-o black, Cedric, "Nigger" Bully's dad came, choked Cedric, hosp next
The only reason I'm going to school today is to max lol
I'll have to see if that would be possible, I don't know if I can use the camera for personal use or not. Missed you at T on T!
#libchat Q4 Get the lib work experience before graduation. Pursue what you believe in!
yeah Haha I'm looking for a quick non perscription thing for my boyfriend actually
Gonna be awesome. :)
Hispanic Jobs | Bilingual Jobs | Spanish Jobs | Latino Jobs ...
Office Cube Etiquette: My favorite, "Keep your voice down." www.tinyurl.com/24fagl7
idk dude call hr n be like look im just checking on progress to see if youve made a decision yet
There's no way it's only 70 degrees in Portland right now. I'm dying.
aloha adam. can we get you on ESPN Honolulu tonight to talk some NY Knicks at 10:20 pm et?
Left Seatac many hours ago and am finally on a supershuttle trying not to look at the scary driving. Home is close.
Hahaha okay :) I won't!
what's love got to do with it IKE crazy ass lol
Thanks for following us! Have a wonderful weekend!
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
The winner of the rat race is still a rat.
Ha! “: RT : Life is canceled due to today's snow storm. #Seattle #snowday #StopSopa”
We lost one of boxings true legends tonight. Smoking Joe has been called home. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Frazier family.
About to channel my inner Michael Phelps! #BringIt gonna get a great swim workout in
thinking its gonna be a good year! Let's plan some sweet videos and photos with some models!
I'm writing mine now too haha
Heading to guitar center to pick up some things then heading to redding
lol! they just recognized ..im kinda a big deal, people know me
Why must you torture me? And I have NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON WITH DEMI MOORE!
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. ~ Thomas Jefferson
"The Prehistory & Abiding Impact of the King James Bible" - exhibit in Thompson Library Gallery thru Aug. 28
I just reliezed how much i miss Cody ):
Regardless if you "aren't supposed to hit girls" If a ratchet ass girl comes for me , or even touches me I will hit her. IDGAF.
Now this we'd love to see! RT One word: Grubby.
#Remember #NeverForget The first call I made when I learned about the WTC attacks was to the school. They were already on lockdown.
Sorry I stalked you to death. CC:
“: So upset I can't see Brad Paisley tomorrow with my girl Em... </3 ” #wahh me too but you'll look HAWT at prom!
You just gotta get out there! Start with a profile pic, sweetie!
take yo butt back to sleep then. This time of day is for
his "apology" was absolute disrespect to the parents.
havent tweeted in a while...hows everyones mothers day? (:
Someone just be nice for once.
Hi Mario! How are you? I still love "How Do I Breathe?" My fav song. Takes me back to 2007 when I went 2 summer camp in MO!!
Any1 working on fringe show whether it B NYC, Hollywood, Toronto, or Poughkeepsie shld B reading streem at
What an exciting day I had at Riverside Arts Market. Not only did I sell a lot of prints but 2 original paintings!!To view or purchase
“: Saturday will be an all day drinking affair , cinco de mayo !”
AGREED! Order my new book and finf out what happens for real: "Disenfranchised Dads"; at lulu.com; deprived of choice!
STANDING OVATION FROM MY LIVING ROOM ON BEHALF OF THE LOS ANGELES ZOMBIES TTWLA
and I LOVE IT!!!!! The video is awesome!!!!!!! I love you guys and i promise to keep supporting you guys!!!!!
Delays, delays, delays. You can see them as obstacles or opportunities. Your heart desires will determine which one it would be.
you owe me a visit gangster.
too late. her clients put their weights and yoga mats in their rolling backpacks and cut across the field to leave.
Ready to preach at ALWC this morning!
The Business Blog Marketing Kit includes 3 how-to videos and an instructional eBook:
OMG! I swear #Inside the NBA gets funnier every night! LOL
the conference is at the Venetian
Prediction - 1st game of the 2012-13 season Thursday Packers @ Giants. SNF Broncos @ Patriots.
that would be first of the year ya??
Quick. Staring contest. Me and you. Go. #dammityoualwayswin # thatswhyIcomeuphere
Yay for #CharityTuesday! Thanks for the SO! :)
u didnt remember you boob <3 its okay i still ly
i am hoping it is any player from the jazz in the series v Spurs
Preview for tonight's "Revenge" looks insane!
Not yet. And I'll bet they do.
Yes, Pakistani intelligence was involved. We did the opposite of what they told us and bingo, there he was.
ha, that'll work but I was thinking more about putting that together for SXSW!
. esp when they can do it to workers that the majority of other workers don't feel any sort of solidarity with (students)
hahaha calm down RT : exactly! Haven't heard anything more right! Yeee Lebron
I mean... Don't you?
“Don’t waste your time thinking about someone all the time when they don’t bother thinking of you for a second.”
Just dropped my IPhone cracked the entire back of it...wow this is terrible
Remember, today is Monday. Please, Alyssa, calm down.
lol np how old r u?
did you get this from a youtuber cause i feel iv heard of this before
What? A group dedicated 2 supporting Latinos 4 office shuns 4 ? What do they know about Mary?
You mean to tell me Darius Morris still can't get in the game?
[Ephesians3:20] FatherGod is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the HolySpirit Power at work in us.
Let go & it will be yours forever.
LA Invasion this Sunday (11/6) for #ClosetSundays! Special guest !
Scratch allows browsing of the C drive on PCs, is there a way to modify this for student use with group policies? thanks for any tips!
Still up for the #marlins game! #latenightwiththefish I was suppose to get in some z's before cinco de mayo madness
What in the world possessed me to buy an EIGHT PACK of breath savers? My breath will be saved for days and days.
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Follow me Brandon!!!! :)
The Pack is French and Outcast is British. Netflix ;)
Awesome start
I wish there was a "Skittles" button on my keyboard, then I can get free skittles whenever I want. :)
Start of the #nba season is off the hook so far!
Congratulations on being with Sterling Lord. That's big time!
Gallo “: *RT Contest!* Who was the first Nugget to hit the floor for warmups tonight?”
It's lol
"We need proper brunch music" - my dad
Hey C:
who is in the F4 and who isn't?....obviously uconn > tennessee
i just followed Nick Wooster!!! That is a big step in my life.
One more day and then it's Bruce! Gotta get ready for tomorrow's road trip.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Grass fire has right lane I-39 SB near MM 160 at Edgerton closed. Reduced visability, use caution.
Oh dear... facebook arguements on something I posted... I'm staying the hell away from this one. I understandboth sides, I guess.
And into my car I go for the THIRD time in an hour.
Thanks for following from a diehard Orioles fan! :)
Eli Manning throws over the middle and the #NYGiants must own the best stickum for throws like that... YUCK!
failed again today; still broke
.:My eyes have become the Moon. Wake up to dark, sleep while it's light:.
RT : If you want a true friend, rescue a shelter dog - Amen to that!
Happy 166th birthday Milwaukee! Glad you've got us beat by 80 years!
Get your TAN ON for Spring Break *Specials* Buy ANY UV Tan for $9.33 (Limit 3) Buy 5 Instant Tans for $75! Students get 30% off ANY one item
as do I. I watch most of them twice so i can really pay attention to the young guys. Time to watch some games on my DVR!
you ladies want to hit up Boylan Bridge later? It's gorgeous out!
Ouch. That's a sad statistic! RT : In a recent survey, 39% of adults say marriage has become obsolete.
Overwhelmed by the presence of God! I love leading worship!
We made it to Ohio! In temp housing now, but searching for a new home.
Tonight. Battle of the bands. Bulldog Alley. 8:30PM. Ready to Rock.
Also: We love this project:
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
Breakfast @ monona terrace with
Imagination has brought mankind through the dark ages to its present state of civilization
RT : It's a HUMPDAY extended version of the HOT MIX @ 5 w/ on ... TURN IT UP!!! Its a party
Streamlining - decorated the tree in a record 12 minutes this year.
omg I know. He just fucking dies! Wtf!
real talk. Nothing by the realist! I'd suggest you follow.
Just checked final grades. Passed everything & GPA is still above 3! Yes!!!
“: tramp” rude
#Cowboys score early in the first but since then has been a battle of field position. #Jets can't seem to get it going on offense
School tomorrow
Happy monday. Mothers day was great. Now off to the gym to work off all the food I ate.
Superintendent McCarthy to NATO protesters: Come to Chicago. First Amendment rights respected. Criminal activity will not be tolerated.
smile for all them haters
Mariners win in dramatic fashion. 3-run homer in the bottom of the 8th. Shut out the Oakland A's. Plus, garlic fries.
I love that my neighbors let their dog out without a leash. Love a barking dog running at me at 5:45AM.
"You can't say pussy properly, you sound like a DICKHEADDDD" - ctfu i love her<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
has been fouled out PLEASE do not punch anything
A bunch of people use words but they dont even know wtf is coming out of their mouth!
Thanks! RT : hey guys I hope you are following - a great resource for local T's.
Love RhyHow! Finally got seated and now will watch the boys dote on Suzanne.
Travel CHannel has the most flavor.
why do you have such horrible partner support? no one EVER answers my emails.
Today I saw some guy watering the sidewalk on 2nd Ave. MLINY
I can't wait for another holiday do then I have an excuse to tweet to and wait, I just did! Hah love you guys <3
yes come visit!!!!
Why can't we have a TV show without a bunch of sex in it?
Had a great day @ FL Dem Party's Jefferson Jackson event.I enjoyed speaking to all the caucuses.Thank u to all my supporters who came out!
Early morning practice. Let's go. Tell a friend about Color Me Valiant today, dont be square.
*flattens myself against the wall as run past me. Quirks brow at following. Shtugs* ah yes, the emotions
It's sad but true. Diet coke really does taste better from Styrofoam cups.
Thanks for the RTs:-)
So hot out
Definitely not, but most of the others are usual suspects like Oakland, etc.
Seriously, allergies - what gives?
Ludovic Borce got his start composing for commercials. I wonder if he's the mad man behind "Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go right now!"
Officially finished with officership for Phi lamb. This is such a weird feeling. praise the Lord for His sovereignty
We are releasing a live vid for John Stokedton tonight! Be the first to catch it and comment ;]
Up later than usual watching made for TV movies. Hilarity in Censorship.
yeah its at -3
Any old school ? :]
I am just listing all your corrections and how I addressed them. I am assuming it's informal but should we provide page numbers?
I am with you on that.. if you get that app friend and we can push together...
Its almost sweet tooth time! Chocolate or carrot cupcakes for $1 or $2 at 3p, loading dock at the corner of NW 13th & Hoyt.
We may have some really cool stuff coming up soon. Details as we find out.
i can be your friend
I just want to throw my phone away, found out who is really there for me ~
HOLY COW
now following.. thanks for connecting
Congratulations again! MT : Lots of response to the launch of www.carolinapublicpress.org, including word from !
You wonder how many many NBA owners are determined to start season on time - and how just aren't.
2011.10.05 #postseason #Diamondbacks 5 #Brewers 2 in 3rd | Another grand slam / let's get it out of the way / and get some runs back
Over thinking <<<<
hope to see u guys tonight at Bowery Poetry club... for the full 11-piece band experience haha... 11pm
Las Vegas realtors looking for a reliable pressure washer turn to Able and Ready when they want the job done right.
Still looking for #Unix #Systems #Engineers for
Well only if the weathermen are right
Make sure to go to our download here tab above to get our EP's for FREE!
Seriously!!! Haha! “: /wish i was with U GURLLLLLLLL.....SERIOUSLY? SERIOUSLY!”
All black lifted trucks are so sexy. Any man who has a truck like that instantly has my heart.
i will check it out; thank you!
"Ladies and Gays" ~ Sue Sylvester. You dirty cougar get away from Blaine's brother cause then you're going to be Kurts step-sister
Q3: One-click filter is when you just want to see stuff from your contacts.
where can I buy a shirt?
Yey, happy b-day! Me and the mrs are planning our staycation as we speak!
Just turned on the Kentucky game. Are the Cats playing Marathon Oil or Athletes in Action?
Thank U for the support! If the LORD says the same we will be working together real soon! :)
You mean like words symbolizing other things?
have fun!
When I go 'back' to Forest Hills next year, I'm going to ignore the bitches who don't know how to forget the past. It's called growing up.
Dressed in 1890s garb? Check. Testing? Check. Resting? Never!
Considering a schedule that will have online and offline 111 classes on different essay schedules. It only makes sense
Can everyone go and like all of his videos. He is so cute and so amazing too. Wow, lets get him noticed. Ok? Thanks <3<3<3<3
Still hoping to see Newbery videos with Legos....
Mass, then cooking dinner for the family. Happy Easter everyone.
The Bascom Group Pays $20M for Repositioned Apartment
thank you! Have a great day
I was an oppressed Catholic School Girl.
What is a child worth? As much or as little as child believes.
Sunset , riverside, fourwheel drive and a tail light circle
Today felt like a Friday
Rigorous training builds strong ascedians RT I don't discriminate on my "hard time" giving
Funny how you're following me now. Funny.
I really don't care anymore
New South Florida Alerts today! See what's going on in South Florida. #southfloridaalerts #southflorida www.southfloridaalerts.com
Make your face look like a different face.
You know you like it. =P
-- Not Den Derrick Rose , Paul Take That Shit To The Rack Getting His Shit Toss , He Not Even Better Then WestBrook
I sure am, we're rolling deep to the LATE Ride!
I really should have taken a nap today.
Our Sea Bass pairs perfect with the #WIneWednesday 1/2 Priced bottle of Flowers 'Andreen Gale' Chardonnay-Tonight $55/bottle
that's good. it doesn't look too bad.
gotta get on the new one, its awesome!
someone should tell her not to wear her heart. ON HER SLEEVE. Cause thats just not smart. -Me
RT : Think like a man was a good movie def a good message to it
omg bristny is so annoying bro i can take no more bro fuck bro
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: A mother talks abt a bullet just missing her 3 mo. old baby in her bassinet this morning!
But if you never try you'll never know just what you're worth
uhm what's your number fooo? ;)
no it is Wednesday April 25th
“: Happy Birthday karleeelovesyou !Love you! :)” thank you :) I love you, too. :)
Cellar Dark should be on at The Inferno
math & spanish trimesters tomorroww #soeasyy (y)
fast life, drug life, thug life, rock life, every night!
bumpin det dolph S T U P I D !
Holy hell...
Thankyou for listening! Make sure to like us on Facebook so when we reach 500 likes we can post a new song! :)
Thanks, Robert! I added you to my "Marketing Experts" list. :) -Benjamin
My mom is truly an inspiration to me.
Great day of interviews! Thanks AGT TEAM
i haven't played it in such a long time.
Get your orders in EARLY!Print schedule is filling up!Start your orders on our Facebook,or call 720-542-6105...I'm answering the phones!!!!
Or you're doing it right.
I have every intention of turning happy hour into a happy evening.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
Uneventful flight. On train to Rotterdam.
That's how I claim to know you. :D
I wish I wrote more in the twitlonger. Really I do. I wish I would've told Justin in detail how much fucking strength he gives me. How happy
The coat I got for at @ gets compliments EVERY DAY. I'm quite a good shopper.
Good Morning twitter, have a happy Hump Day, much love the AI crew!
so that's what's going on in #redsquare ...
Tip 'o the Hat to the #librarians who put Tintin in the library when I was a kid even though the books were still in French.
Book is all consuming. Really hard to concentrate on anything else.
I will!
Everyones saying its national kiss day.. where you at m8? muah! ;*
Wondering why the band get's more photo views than plays on social networking sites. Apparently we are more better looking than talented.
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!
Ought Oh.. Keep us posted, Tracy!
Um bout to call you ma'am so I can give you a quick lesson LOL smh
that's great brother! That's 18 men destroying black men stereo types.
#TwitterTip Be generous with your Re-tweets and in time you will be noticed. via
much better knowin my baby's good!
Adele has more balls than the limp dick foo fighters.
can u tell PaigeBieber_1D to unblock me idk I did nothing I cant follow her
oh, I'm not sweatin' it. I just don't understand how I've had weird follows lately, but am still under the devil #!
Yea. What time is it there?
looking into it now
Alan Rosenberg says his son can't write cursive and either can his friends. Media is changing, too.
Waka plans to retire this year I'm estatic.
Yes indeed. :) It's only disturbing when it's during "Singing Down in Dixie", though.
"No" is also one of my most despised words. However, I am also not a fan of "MINE!"
Councilman Cecil Thomas said at the Fire Fighters Dinner that he will join the Walk!
You see, I'm one of those people who lived sensibly and sanely hour after hour, day after day
That sucks.
thank you to my new fans!!!!you rock. welcome
Of course Bo Ryan gets a contract extension.
Confucius say...Crowded elevator smells different to midgets.
You must have been reading my mind. It is exhausting. Happy Mother's Day! DW
I'm right there with you!
Thanks for processing my credit card payment twice. That's just what I needed this week.
So you see no difference? Are you saying the SEALs that got OBL did the same thing as OBL then?
Which fast food joint has the best Oreo shake? Quick quick!! I need suggestions :)
Tweet me.I need people to chat with to get my mind over this.Who wants to make a twitter group of friends?<3
Thanks, you smelly Vag pants.
BEYOND THE BADGE 5K Run/Walk, Sept. 25 Also a 1.5-mile Family Stroll. Teams & Individuals. Register now! www.Love2Run5K.com
I freaking love him lol
The Most Perverted Vegans in the World.
Hey there! Thanks for following us!
What has a better chance of happening: Financial Reform in November or #prop8 when it reaches #SCTOUS?
RT : Plenary speaker Steven Johnson will sign his books @ the EBSCO booth after the McGovern Lecture. Bring your copy.
Getting ready to head back...boy do I miss the Texas state of mind. Good to be back if only for the weekend.
Be generous with praises but cautious with promises!
ok now it works:) who likes my bg?? :D
Great big fella! Good to hear from ya. U doing alright?
If you had to Instagram it, it wasn't worth tweeting.
Good morning Ironmen!!!!
Does anyone know when will be playing ?
Physical play is now being rewarded by a lot of fouls being called!
hahah yeah at least i'm not the only one! i'm sure other people won't do it too
I wanna throw a party.
appreciate it! it's off the chain around here! #doingbigthings! Thanks for the compliment!
Thanks for the RT :-).
Gentleman, remember to be a noble prince...not a scurvy knave
Dude that just said twitter is stupid <<<<<
Jeffrey uses too - unlike taking notes on your Iphone, this enables us to tag notes & become more organized
Destination Vacation! If you could get on plane and fly to anywhere in the world for your very own private concert, where would you go...
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
that is true huh lol well I might be taking classes at fade this summer I don't know yet
u have be specific delayed but not denied...
we need to sign Andre the keeper.
Meet the Grantmakers is gearing up!
What is happening to #NBA stars? #Kobe #CP3 #Dwade all playing like me... Horrible!
let's boat out of state and go clubbing ;)
So my sister finally decided to shower after a couple days
That's a wrap for me and #SundayBest Season 5 Auditions.... Dallas, DC, ATL and St. Louis. Nice journey and fun moments :)
No you won't...make sure you follow the directions, and you'll feel fantastic.
Live jazz tonight at The Palm Court in The Drake Hotel featuring The Rose Colella Quartet 9-12:30 thedrakehotel.com
living on the edge that's how...haha
CALL FOR TICKETS
forget it :(
down, let's make some images
I hate when people say they gone do something & don't do it
" just a slug with twitter on her belly"
Any stops in SF. Ended up at Philz near 24th & Mission. Good wifi but not that comfortable.
I'm so happy for/proud of you! Yay!
Thats right baby thats what we do
you still do it, hypocrite. :b
I wouldn't have it any other way!
And Wieters redeems himself for several earlier bad swings tonight.
I think switching between #hgtv and #msnbc at gym says a lot about my personality...
Who do you think are the top 3 rappers out right now?
Excellent point on Troyzan needing to save it for the confessional.
Thank you brewers for letting us down.
Getting washed up here on Westbrae. They did a good job. Now gotta finish the rest of my shopping itz my son bday wknd gotta find me sumthg
The purpose of a manuscript is to stay alive long enough to be copied.
I would kill to see Tropical Malady on the big screen. One of my favorites ever. If you guys could pull that off...
You don't know you're beautiful?
yea it's horrible as a working musician flying... The airlines suck... #boycott.... POOF !!!
when youre a bitch to someone.. then you feel bad after
Am in love wit a pigx:-)
depending on the gifting friend's means, of course.
Please tell me how I can visit the iCarly set, you have no idea how much I want to meet the cast. I live in LA too so it's possible
Shout out to my guurll ! Follow her!
I love this picture of Criss
good morning to you sir!
RT : #tnt2 #heweb11:Awesome idea-allow students to submit:30 videos to celebrate faculty&staff who helped them to graduate
lmaoo the worst decisions always make the best stories :P
I'll add my voice here as well. Good luck tomorrow! :)
happy mothers day!!
Has anyone seen #Limitless?One of my faves. Feel like I took some NZT and all circuits are firing. Look out #awesome I'm coming for you!
Thanks guys. I was so confused. That could've really backfired.
A1: Love social networking for books. Please see German site TUBUK, which is Goodreads/Amazon/facebook hybrid
yep, lots of risks. not something a president facing a difficult reelection campaign usually does.
im not restin til i reach my goals
California Governor at the time and Marine veteran Pete Wilson getting a shoutout in a Tupac song.
Yelling at Siri about a recipe: "Does it look like a Bisque? Does it look... like a bisque?!?!?!"
Santa is the biggest pimp. He comes and goes in less than 5 minutes, calls you a HO, and leaves before you get up.
That shit. Is done.
Yo you in chicago w the trio?
O PLEAS BELIEVE I WONT B
The idea that it was conceived of as good by any one at any point is equally bonkers.
being a father lol
Oh the media! The PAtriot Way is still intact but thanks for making it super strong!
Thanks for following check out our website and join us! Free advertising for local businesses! Tell a friend!
about to hit the stage!
you are very ignorant to say that everything in the bible is relevant, have you read it lmao ?
we love you too!
Because the PDS customer base is a very unique and specific group of people, traditional methods of marketing simply weren’t working
Hi Mikayla Thx for the follow. Boiling Springs... That could get uncomfortable. Best
haha I know. Your weird like that ;)
": The price of freedom is not free.Please remember all American #Veterans today,especially those who made the ultimate sacrifice."
sorry i didnt see your reply, yess haha my books going to be featured at the Academy awards!
Just once I would like to get on the deans list...just once >_< and i'll be somewhat satisfied with myself!! D:
IF YOU CAN TEACH ME SOMETHING NEW, I WILL REALLY APPRECIATE YOU....
Now it's time to sit back, relax, and enjoy the music :)
great that's .0083% of abortions that I don't have to pay for, the reality is it will take a lot of small cuts ()
in Pioneertown, CA would make a perfect setting for this tour.
I did using costcos online service thru stationary.com. Letterpress. Really pretty and great price. Gatsby was also really good 2!
That actually sounds like bits of several movies: Independence Day, Stargate, Fire In the Sky, & The Forgotten come to mind
miss you, you joben!! 2 months and counting!
Time to vOte!!
#Blues music all night long. The Blues Orphans will be in the #speakeasy. One of the best local groups and we love having them.
Schweet! Let's go #Celtics! Should be an awesome game!
Two classes and the weekend begins! Miranda, Chris, and Jerrod tonight!
Has your NYE resolution weight loss slowed? Don't forget to change-up your routines regularly to keep your body guessing!
Collins decision to pull Turner (9-15 at the time) for Louis Williams (3-8 at said point)....continue
in a way I rather see Spuds out of the CL
Commissioner Smiley, "This is a land use item." Inference---community input of little import.
thanks for answering my questions (about acne) and my Mom's (weight loss)
Brb , drowning in the sea . Sinking to the bottom .
lol that phone prolly look like a giant to you
don't be fooled...Reggie only skips the hat to save his hair!! I don't have any hair to worry about!!
excited for the opening!
praying for you & a quick recovery!
Loosing keys to work vehicle = NOT GOOD!!
Still got the taste of the weekend !!!...I'm thinking about going 2 the club after work ...
Whenever I try to eat less carbs it lasts about two days, and then I eat all the carbs I missed in one sitting.
Yeah, it's disappointing so far.
I need to get a job.
If healthcare is a biz - u get treated like one. Meaning someone has to profit and it ain't the sick.
They just haven't caught up with me yet.
Thanx for the Twitter love Mike
Evening all bet you wish you were down the gym
cuz I talk bad about him and my mom's relationship lol
you're such a creeper :) creepin' on people all the time <>
On July 9. 1825 a gas balloon was launched from Castle Garden with General de Lafayette in attendance.
I swear... Sometimes, I want to rip my fucking hair out -.-
Q : How did you met Justin ? A : We met in Atlanta, he was dating my sis. I found him cool and then we became friends and blablabla...
- so great to see you on Leno!!
that is definitely a nice place to be eat a sandwich!
Did you know that we have an association in S.W. Louisiana? They're meeting May 13. @ reply for info!
hell yeah, good call i agree shits annoying but i have no idea #helpme :/
: in managing social content, important to have a good data source such as which is what uses.
If God's listens to gay men then absolutely!
ewww..yeha i have my last biology paper next monday! all my exmas are over by the 29th of may! so excited :)
I hate when im eating cereal and the last 3-5 peices are like "Catch me if you can nigga!
Holy balls, I'm tired. Warped was amazing though :).
A ringing endorsement. :-)
he's still out??
it's snowing. woohoo. that means it's time for the panda hat. yup. panda hat. :)
see you tomorrow! Im landing in LAX :30. Excited to work the #JessicaSimpsonCollection again with you!
Why thank you Ms. Battiste it just happens to run in our family ;)
My next class is physics....i hate that class -_-
Getting treated like shit is never fun =/
How you goin??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Your such a strong girl!!! Don't let anything stop you!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Woo! Congrats Sean R!
Well put.
Congrats to the Sonics....I mean #Thunder for crushing the #Mavericks. I am still mad at Howard for selling the team.
So very true!! It's really embarrassing.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! I dated an Irish girl once.... I wonder if she's outta jail yet??!!!
hey you! How's life!
Amazing video shoot yesterday for Unwell. 12 hours of hard work. What a great team. Thanks to
Sending love to my newest followers
yuh can't scare me away, if m going anywhere its probably too far
not today. Just got back to Seattle from Japan tonight. Sleep soon.
Just met top officials at US Securities & Exchange Commission in DC to demand disclosure of corp. election spending. Must keep up the heat!
I think there are few things I love more than cooking and baking and then eating it all with my friends :)
Just heard Candlebox on the radio & was instantly taken back to High School parties & when we saw them play at a small club on our honeymoon
what did you think of that ranger win!? Crazy. Best year ever for NY sports
Me:OMG ...My BF:What...ME:Harry Stylis is so hot i just saw a pic...My BF:I thought i was hot ...Me:yeah u could say that but harry hottier
The human heart creates enough pressure while pumping to squirt blood 30 feet!!
different job and i am applying every where i can think of.
Thank you!
Thanks, Mary Jane ;)
I agree 100%
I'm DONE trying.. DONE.
I don't even think God can help us with that one...
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
I'm so tired... so I'm gonna sleep:) I shall dream of my lover penises tonight:) LOL
Thank you! RT : Good book! MT En route to dinner w/Steve Hoffman, fr book The Imaginations of Unreasonable Men
I retract my previous statement!
we're working hard to make buying and selling super easy. Follow us for updates.
Duke leads Michigan 66-55 in the 2nd quarter.
yeah! i've gotten to meet him about 5 times :p what about you? and thats what im hoping for! :)
F everybody. Had the worst day ever. Hopefully it'll get a little better, bouta swim w/ my cousin loves. But I'm out. No one hmu.
#Phillies Cole Hamels suspended five games and fined undisclosed amount. Hamels could pitch Sunday against Padres.
Happy Platypus Day Everyone
resistance to new ideas is often differences in mental models; explore to expose & expand
And steak.
Everyones on Jonny Craig dick and they don't even know who he is lolzz.
we can try
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
already my nig!
Robin Hood: Prince of Themes is on TV tonight, and I can't stop looking at Costner's mullet.
#20topfavouritesongsever Nas - The World is Yours
Going to go camping one weekend, who wants to come :D
sean penn can burn in hell, same with bruce springsteen
been great!! you??
Our best player OG scores again!
Maybe he was hungry? What kind of restaurant was it?
Yeah he do... lmao.
You should know that you're in the running to become my apple of choice, replacing the
It's good if it's under 1 minute. Dramatic or Comedic. Age appropriate to the range you play. (:
What exactly does "Jo Smith added you back" mean on Google+?
glad i got my music n beatz back, cuz i swear other stuff is killin me right now...
Pale ass girl wearing shorts and uggs walking down downtown Milftown...
If City loses this, it have to be one of the biggest chokes in history.
follow back?
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i will hopefully hug a certain someone
I don't mind 2 women getting married. Real players know the more ass in the house the better. If she suck pussy she ain't faithful
May I have your attention please... May the real Slim Shady stand up?
RT Fuckin yelawolf is gon be at rtb. DONT MAKE ME GO POP THA TRUNK.. ON YOU <U+2190>listening to that as we speak O_o
I would give my right arm for this!
Theres only one head bitch...ME!!!
lol I would've blocked her after that. Stick it to the man! well.. Woman..
#visionconf Yes! Millenials are ready to be "wired in" to conserve our future ;-) lets do this!
Can't sleep dreaming with my eyes open
I haven't sent y'all the intro yet... Produced by
If They Only Televised Real Niggas You'd See Less Footage
Ads that portral #multiculti talent as target see better results via YES! is good at this
It is always the wrong time of month.
Admitting universal DLib is technically feasible; but omitting necessity for providing exquisite resources & services for acceptance
thanks chan miss you too!
#ILoveHow You're the best perspn to call my inspiration <3
Hair Cut... Photoshoot in two weeks, can't wait for everyone to see <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I think/hope Vamp Elena will be more like Elijah ...
Off to watch Anna Bolena opera w Megan. After last night, it's ironic to watch Henry VI kill his wife as something to cheer me up
Hi Joe's Crab Shack....
#Spanish lesson for the day. An "H" at the beginning of a word is silent. Example, Hacienda is really (A-Cien-Da).
": If I was able to tell my story with passion, my lecture might help others find a path to fulfilling their own dreams
great work! It's nice to see that the Found. values both recording performances AND preserving them for the future.
#followFriday Follow , great marketing for celebrities!
Wondering why Twitter is recommending that I follow pro golfers and Nascar drivers??
No, we unfortunately didn't have spreadsheet as a category for technology, genre, or place. . .
Just when things are getting ugly, they scrap hard to get that extra goal. 2 legit 2 quit. Go Timbers!
Yesterday, Lisa Jarmon got the surprise of a lifetime on She’s getting a brand new KB Home. Watch the video:...
You can download our songs for FREE too:)
exactly. Franchise him twice. After that he'll be entering his 7th yr. RB's aren't too productive that late in their career
Hell Yeahh! Blue Slide Park Is Now On iTunes.
She finished in 5:35.12. Hopefully she'll let us know how she's doing soon. Must have been brutal at 85 degrees.
fluffy cats FULLY ENDORSE second breakfast
Absolutely, reach out to Dale Hartwig, NE Ohio District Leage Coordinator at for help finding a league
thanks to all my peeples who threw me up on ya list i see you! :) feel free to add me on your list :)
I wish I had long hair.
could you DM me an email address? Have some things you may like to check out, but the email on your site said over quota.
ill be in ct June 7
Another song for my new album is almost done! Can't wait to release it!!!
Terminator 3, dry firing the 9mm and slamming wine. Happy new years eve!
Multi-tasking in the studio...marketing, guitar maintenance, producing, teaching music students.
Jeremiah feared his youth somehow disqualified him from his destiny. Don't let what you won't always be hold you back from divine destiny!
Is really laughing about her brother falling while noone was home & him somehow falling on his phone & calling the cops?! HA!
Not unlike a #coxcable priest letting me pray directly to #God, in the Catholic vs Protestant sense.
Wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch
peace.<U+270C> punch.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> capt'n crunch.<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D>
If you're incoherent ... wow. That bears much thinking and consideration ... thank you!
Shouldn't have listened to them
Gilt Group is the No.1 competitor for magazine talent via FASCINATING
well, if naked pillow fights with gay boys is your thing, then I'm down!
- I just want to be able to follow more people... There are too many interesting things going on!
Hey is it true you own the last air-cooled 993?
And interesting question came up in the office... Do you prefer local cover bands or local original bands? Which are more appealing to you?
Michael Doyle talking about holistic branding at Denver metro chamber of commerce.
you reply hella slow
Liberals would sell out the USA to any enemy, capitulate, for their version of socialist peace! PEACE AT ANY PRICE, IS TOO HIGH OF A PRICE!
DC hack sounds good. Let's catch up
I did NOT want to bail. was lying.
Blackhawks lose, DRose tears ACL, baseball teams blow...one of the worst weeks in Chicago sports history! When does football start?
quality start? Is that a joke? He had a 40+ pitch inning against the terrible Padres offense.
lack of fake blood running out your nose there...
this algebra study guide is hard af. It's too many problems!
"Agreed! <U+263A> : Totally! Listen more, Hurt less!"
: RT : BREAKING: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead, according to spokesman Paul Shefrin
Stay away from energy drinks, they're loaded with sugar! And if they say 0 sugar they'll have artificial sweeteners. Stick to tea!
About 100k Californians about to lose their unemployment benefits. Why a drop in the unemployment rate isn't a good thing for them.
Just had a 'one and fun' at the bar, made by Lorenzo. Thanks for the heads-up; 'twas a fine espresso experience!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Have you seen the Part 3 shout-out in 30 Mins or Less?
Looks like you need to find a new dry cleaner.
ha!! No way
This is also my favorite of theirs, and I saw at least half performed live many moons ago, great memory.
Haha me too. And thank you! I like your name too!
Codys album isn't coming out til August. I won't be listening to Simpson on the way to Washington DC & Tennesee this summer :c </3
Plus it's probably still snowing up there.
: The bouncer at the party just took my...CISSP card as valid id #ShmooCon” lulz < validates douchebaggery?
Finally about to cook, can u say hungry,lol
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 30
that's awesome. I want to see pictures some day
yo. i gave up facebook 4 lent. if u need a chuckle, check out & especially coatesy.
Are the same 6 of you clicking my photo links every time, or is it kinda random?
Good morning beautiful, beautiful Sunday!
likewise. It went really well! I'm gonna throw the video online next week or so. Can't wait to come to CHI town soon!
5 more minutes until the drawing! 1 new follower and whoever recommends them to follow get a free copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
Wade sit down.
God is good
You may need to find a local butcher. To me it looks similar to the cut of beef used for most carne asada
super jelly. gambino is a mastermind
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and #guybelieber!
#fuckfriendship. its complete and utter bullshit.
Hey Devon! :D Are you going to be answering questions now?
eating some firehouse subs. m m
A+ for service so far #montage spa deer valley
Just ran into a guy I haven't seen in 30 years. He doesn't look anything like I remembered. That's a eye opener.
I didn't know that a baby can sleep so WILD.
LOL...so all the people who bought those stupid "shape up" shoes, like the three in my building, we're scammed! Too funny!
thanks for the tweet sean! hope to see you there!
Happy Mom Day
°RT/ I just got 2 hear a bit of your music...very talented group u are!
"We need to to learn not to fear illnesses of the brain,"
That's true. They should have suspended him for 5 starts. That would have made more sense. I'm still happy that he's suspended tho
Hilarious. My dad used to call me that sometimes when I was little!
Good Morning, Milwaukee! We're up and at 'em early, thrilled to be hosting 's Cabinet Meeting in our new space. Welcome!
dude! Returned your phone call.. No answer :(
My sinus allergies are bothering me so badly today a casual observer would think I'm jonesing for a hit of cocaine. Itchy, itchy, itchy!
This is funny, the little snowman Nicki & Ben made has a Twitter account. #bachelor All Courtney can make is Emily cry.
Yummy Moms making Cinnamon Rolls they smell so good
HEP co-sponsoring the 24th annual Gospel Fest today. Got rained out before I could get a picture of our banner onstage! Reconvening shortly
Seriously. He thinks I'm being a wuss, but I keep thinking they're going to start talking. Got his first as a post-tour tip, got the bug.
it worked! Haha thanks
The Texans are a much better football team than their record indicates. Stay positive fellas - your time will come!
I'm so blessed
but if the folks i knew ever said "meme," they never said it around me. to your credit, you were sick of "blogosphere" before most.
My dad is tight as fuck!
jon please dont encourage her...
Just won my soccer game and made a goal!!!(: I #love soccer <3
yo cat. I'll definitely try to support when u touch down in DC. I'm playing thu-sat but Sunday is open now. Big up!!
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Watching Brewers and Badgers from Twin Cities. They're so jealous here
I'm never on this account anymore..... Go follow my other one--->>>
Omw to school lets see what today brings
RT : Outdoor game at soldier field against Minnesota next year. #badgers >> Was Hobbs already booked or something? Should be fun!
Thx! Must admit, we got a llittle excited that ppl liked the post (there may have been an OMG! involved)
Leading worship at the #worshipcircle this Saturday at Eastern Hills Baptist Church in Garland at 7:30 PM. Boom chika boom.
Just accepted a job at J.Crew. :)
Hey Andrew. Thank you for an awesome six years and a ton of support for Milwaukee's hungry! Best of luck to you in G.S.!!!!
I'd love to see make a green #windowsphone Lumia 900 with #kiddori preinstalled. Something for to carry. :-)
Celebrating something or wanting a cheap, but upscale night out??? MENTION TO US "I WANT THAT DEAL" for $100 bottles/table special!
You know that quote? “...Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea." - yep... me too. :(
u don't have to tweet me I'm sitting next to u.
So excited to find #vegan #peanutfree #nutfree marshmallow
Enjoying some oatmeal then off to bed
“: reading all the tweets about has me so excited cant wait to see what they have in store to celebrate Easter "
#fridayreads Love-love-loving Moon Over Manifest!
Lakers disappointing me!
Cool! RT : #RunLA I've found it easier to run using iPhone app, cadence.fm. Plays songs at 180bpm. Keeps you in the flow.
The vendor meeting trifecta today: one each of VOIP, phone, and in person. Think I need a martini.
Me & hate watching fights with amateur boxing fans
I'm gonna go to work today and play guitar. Have fun with whatever it is you do.
NFL football at Fatso's!
Nah, thx, I got the missus swinging by on her way
Working on my vintage 80s geek t-shirt collection. I have voltron, king's quest, and the oregon trail so far...
If the #SKYFALL teaser poster doesn't have Bond missing a leg then I won't have it!!
Noon is too early for a hockey game.
yes!! get them :) lmao they are a lot of fun
Many Royals have done so, most recently Joe Randa. Less common now, with such crazy money they can have two homes.
One page, please! When I see 'next page,' I usually click off
Sum head will be nice right about now
...or just play in the orchestra. He told me his great happiness was seeing one of his kids follow his heart and passion
No matter where you are going you need others to help you get there.
what kind of error message does it give you?
#Question Who is your favorite Islander?
Does anyone have a good job board recommendation for the San Diego area? Craigslist has been lacking lately!
Follow follow follow follow follow the yellow brick road... To my twitter page
of course has no reservations available during BEA.
Beautiful Blue fin number 1++++ fatty and fattest tuna arrive right now, come quick folks.
Awake <U+E056> and as usual i missed just about evey single one of tweets last night <U+E401> maybe il be lucky today tho <U+E328>
Seeking Him Is the beginning to wisdom. Neither books nor education can teach the un-phatomable love. Only God can unlock this wisdom
Writing about #vday. Anyone start dating in the last month?
I was in the front!! Basically in the gate thing because people kept pushing me ha!
I smell a 2 hitter RT Padres call up former Brewer Jeff Suppan to start Wed. He's 12-2 lifetime vs Brewers in 20 starts.
Paying an in house artist $15-$20/hr for 8 hours a day?? That's fine if they're busy 8hrs a day 40hrs a week....
“: Love can not grow without passion. <U+2764> Greek Proverb” but would you want it to?
Need something to do .
Tons of attendees here, getting sessions into slots now. This is great!
jealousy if flowing through me right now!
happy birthday bro! Couldn't be happier for a Mavs fan and fellow Arsenal fan. Btw Dirk shouted u guys out at AllStars !
RT if you believe that Justin Bieber is Beautiful <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
may the schwartz be with you!
The moto saloon has a tempeh reuben and an ipa for me and it wins for best place in cville, yeah.
Let's see a pic of those new TShirts, man!
Just got finished resting my eyeballs....
my new trainer rocks! did planks, pushups & arm weights, squats whew..and after ran on the treadmill for 20 min. I am running again yea!! ;)
tonight with the family!! We are going to celebrate for my boy who just got famous
Waiting around for a phone call <
you can tell when you've become a real open source developer when even the most innocuous questions send you into burning internal rage.
hmm, from the looks of my speed, maybe one before tomorrow and maybe five within the end of April haha
$14 in ATM fees huh? I'm sorry u dont have banks in SF but dont charge me for it. Im sorry this isn't working, it's you not me
Me too but hoping it passes through by the time I leave work =)
work work all day long
Good Morning, i think. Here i am working another full weekend. After 3 months of working every Sat and Sun, i finally got two Suns off in
Ah studio life, you can be so tedious.
Jim: about time for a catch-up call, yes? you know how to reach me & I'll have a car getting worked on from 8-10a CST so try me!
#Clippers just scored 9 points in about 33 seconds to close out 1st half, gotta love it.
Haha no problem :) You'll have fun with it!
RU tapping 's email to figure out conversations she's having? You didn't even establish what Breitbart ppl were there.
Tweet me who is the cutest in #OneDirection ? <U+2665>
i love hearing all the boo's when steps up to the plate in stl.
Spoken like a true wise man.
Parker is so dope!!! Poolside lemonade is trouble.....
thank you so much youre perfect <3 i really appreciate it
#Transformers, more than meets the eye.
important people.
where that be big O?
whats good wit ya?
I put some funk in the air for moms dukes,this one goes to our moms.
happy fathers day to every dad in the wrld luv u dad and always had
no freakin idea!
"If America has a future, Jazz has a future. The two are inseparable." George Russell: Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization
We finally had rain last night, and then today we were upgraded to stricter water conservation rules. Makes sense, yes?
headed to MAINE for a few days <3
So who u talking bout on ur tweet
1 Game left in Valley play and we could have 6 teams tied for 3rd at 9-9 - or 6 teams tied for 8th depending on your viewpoint
Because of the weather system/snowfall that is expected to hit the Seattle area, we will be closing at 5:00pm today.
I hope she is on the mend and feeling better.
I have the day off. Looking to see something to make me say 'Yes! This is why I live in San Diego!' (Thinking Bull Taco today!)
no he used to but I blocked him by accident :(((
sounds like a plan.
Sign me up Archbishop Cooper!
Its so late I think ima wake up monday
the plural of analysis hurts me to say and type.
irrelevant. knicks are done.
#mudmelt Julia talking about connections and how this underpins her work in showcase!
"Due to the proprietary nature of the process, we will not share with you the criteria by which we detect personal orders. "
Hey, thanks for the follow! Your art is incredible, I'm def a fan!
aww are u okay!!
Totally ready to go back to the office and continue to work on social crisis plans after #mimatweet presentation!
Just hung up wit .. New video is boutta be tweakin!!
To the entire panel: how do you believe people can get more involved with the community to prevent violence?
just don't start wearing that greasy hair stuff. It's gross.
U niggas still wearing Aeropostale to the club? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> kill yoself!!!
I think it's about the same for me -- I was 12, I am 44! (I worked the BBSs from my TI-99/4)
follow me!
Wow, way too much airtime has been spent tonight on the Marilyn statue coming down. I'm certain there's more pressing news in Chicago...
have you met yet?
Ah feels so good to play volleyball again! <3
Are you all caught up on Terrible People?? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year
Sea House in Napili Maui is off the charts amazing
goin to nelson's to ride before it get's dark
DVD review: The Song of Lunch via
Note to self: no one's mind has ever been changed by your internet snark, no matter how brilliantly worded.
Tonight! RT Playing in what seems like DC's little piece of Manhattan, Kramer Books and Afterwords Cafe 8pm
yes Rafi? Why are you sad?
And I don't feel guilty for wanting to feed our poor and homeless rather than worry about Kony 2012!
I am country. Thank you!! I am proud!
my point is that he is a kid. You're talking about the pinnacle of the sport...they are all talented
i might how do i enter?
Timberwolves' Kevin Love not w team for Monday's game against Pacers because of concussion and a neck strain.
Gettin ready to go to my homegirl wedding reception gna be a good night
*20 Years!* is celebrating their 20th Anniversary, & remains a fertile oasis in the TV wasteland.
Pastors' preach "Judge not Lest ye be Judged"
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others.
WFYW so thin, watching for a break....
Chris Bosh, MVP.
so youre in the semifinals now?
Heard Mariah Carey was hanging at The Abbey tonight. Who cares? I met Ethan & Barbara Gruska from at a piano bar tonight!
13:35 left in the third. Oakland leads Penn State 3-2
hahaha you love it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Oh its my fav T-Ara song!
were you at the CVS on Beverly and La Cienega because that place SUCKS. Happens there all the time, sometimes with a mini riot.
more like.. life-partner bells. hahah.
hope you will be joining us!
#shoutout to my new #follower follow her now!
You like the red eclipse
I send u a direct message go read it
go king george beat those heat !!!!
Thanks for checking in with us , & !
Been editing for 3 years and i will not ever stop
I hope you start posting more workouts. I love how u use ur own version of Insnity in them. Keep doing your thing!
Had a long day fina lay it down for 2nite
not so sure about this kid yet
New long distance listener award, tune in to find out who & where
can I get a shoutout?
Thanks for the advice. The unit is covered now, but I think it's old and falling apart, so hopefully it's fixed by AT&T.
the next time ur told u aren't a 'real' journalist, ask the reporter how many ppl their work has gotten exonerated!
I miss you so much wah):
u just came from outta no where. Lol u ain't out partying??? Oh shit hold up did u just graduate!?
not that my vote counts for much but you still make me laugh! Chin up bud.
Two days until Mastermind screens at Comic-con! Thur 9:45, if you happen to be there.
Is gorgeous.
thinking it'd be kind of awesome if the Avengers opened to the dollhouse theme, and the heroes step out the coffins with :)
ben Tate or Toby gerhart
thought of you first.
Thanks man!
Well thank you =)
nice! Enjoy guys!
I love these tweets, they're powerful.
I'm so bored ;P what's up?
That means . Now following back
glad you liked it! I play the secretary!
in that leash, oh my gosh that was too funny. I always judge parents when I see their kids wearing those ridiculous things!
Send Direct Message if interested in playing in Fantasy Football League in Denver area. Draft will be Next SatorSun. Fee is only 25-50.
Cant go to sleep. But im tired?
Holy cow, all these #NFL tweets, I can hardly keep up.
Excellent! I'm also an alum as well as an employee. Small world :-)
Franciscan ROAD Clinic team is looking forward to seeing everyone 9 a.m. tomorrow at Marine Park for the 2012 Tacoma Arthritis Walk!
Transferring digital files- aka taking first steps towards digital preservation...
I can honestly say that "War Horse" has the most heroic plowing scene ever committed to film.
Haha, it's been a long day of fighting with ActiveRecord...
lol it's a catchy song!
I'm not stupid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
lol. It is if your weekend starts today! Like me. Lol.
Why did Bard not start the 8th?? The lead was only 2 runs....Tito blew this game.such a momentum killer for the win streak
Sacrifice is doing something you’ve never done to get something you never had. ~ Suzanne Evans
In San Juan. Enjoying ourselves.
Promotional idea: a series of three pieces that work together can increase your response rate by 50%
spain WILL get it, you guys just have to be a little patient so we can fix the language :)
Met tonight with West Side residents at New Covenant Baptist Church for a GOTV message.
I hate the fact that once I state that I'm afraid of feet, everyone wants to put their feet on me.
Character is higher than intellect... A great soul will be strong to live, as well as to think. -R W Emerson (via )
aye follow the rest of one direction! and mee:)
One more day of shooting...Stay tuned for the premiere of the first BWE original show -- "My Block"...
the suit in your profile pic is baller.. Who's the designer?
Lets go heat!!
Yeah ezra way to kick jackie out of your life! score 1 for Aria!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
top down in the winter dats wat winners do
We stuffed ourselves silly with breakfast type foods and then went to Phipps. Now, hanging out at home.
I'm just happy I know folks who feed me plenty of nommy treats! BOL!
You're very welcome, and I hope that you enjoy the rest of your birthday today as well.
Fayette County ordinance no alcohol sales after 6 PM tomorrow no bars open after 6 PM tomorrow this is in response to all the riots last nig
The Real truth is that the Government dont Count people who arent in the System for Unemployment, it's Probably 30 million people uneployed!
truth! get hip with it, UK!
need an update.
yay we should hang out when you do
Head on i've to FB and like our page!!! W.facebook.com/hailtherevolt
RT : New Physicians! Send me resolutions & issues you want discussed at #NCSC this week.
A mistrial
First day at Newsies today! So excited to be apart of it all! :)
great disney channel movie
": Instagram: "RodneySuccess" so go follow me, haven't had it that long. (RT if you got a Instagram)" kenziannhouston
If you're about to run a marathon & see a man from Kenya has also entered the race you might as well pack ur shit & head home <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
I've been following you for a while and just realized I'm in your dad's fiction class. He's really been plugging your book!
In $an Diego Sparks.....wheres the spot to on a West Coast Sat night?
your boxset lyrics were great! I laughed out loud and wanted to say thanks!
RT : - I am looking forward to my stay in May at the 2012 Solution Summit. We can't wait to see you!
Annoy prospects? I tweet them one time. Please show what interview or blog you've done lately. Oh wait...
this weather is going to be the death of my gpa
lol I hear people say things are gay all the time. So don't worry, I'm used to it. None taken. (:
well done, Duncan!
For #MusicMonday check out and
hey - customers have to locate their own cars? perhaps has an idea that would help improve service!
RT: Don't underestimate the things that I will do :)
Trying to sell stuff on Craigslist is always an interesting adventure in learning what your limits are.
making a video via social media can put a very personal face to a brand, but make sure it is relevant
I do know that about Zipf's Law. Just trying to delve deeper into how it's used to analyze language.
was the most amazing thing I ever experienced, he's a god <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Van The MotherEeffin Man! & you can't tell me you don't feel the same!
should have known you'd be friends with Deborah - you both being cool Jersey moms & all. Love her.
Friday at Halligan Bar $3 Bud , Bud Light & New Castle Bottles & Domestic Drafts $3.50 Peach/Pear Absolut Drinks $5 BOMBS
Wow, if Ron Paul joins for VP, then The Mitser will get my vote.
Guys i want you to really cut us deep. tweet something REALLY mean at us.
Listen Live to Chris Farina Live on WINA talking about his film "World Peace and Other 4th Grade Achievements"
I love you! (: thanks for the live chats all the time! We love them!
I hate it when girls are bearly stretching and say "ouch it hurts", bitch this is nothing and you think we don't do anything in cheerleading
Tuning in. You should, too. RT : Football covered from coast to coast! Today & talk
it's my 36 year in a row with a sliver of hope. The disappointment is an old pal. I fear I'd miss it
Can't wait in march to have you baby
I'll do it.
" I don't care what they say it's our life we can dance if we want , make it feel alright"
I've grown pretty decent at hiding certain parts :) a big part of it is being obsessed with favorite things. Like adam :)
A big thanks to ! Welcome to the ranks of RDS FLIGHT LIEUTENANTS! Thank you for your generous support!
please follow she is you biggest fan!37
Have fun on your trip! Bring back a lemur for me.
YO GIRL GET YOUR ASS ON!
Hate your enemies with a whole heart & if a man smite you on the cheek, SMASH him on the other; self preservation is the highest law -LaVey
Sometimes life is just a big game of "Yay/Boo" in my head.
your amazing lil cousin!
Hey Zipsters: This is THE month to Refer-A-Friend! We'll give you $80 to split or give away! Limited time offer. bit.ly/dHlM98
i already followed her
I thought you were against Twitter being a diary? Ur giving in. haha RT I really need supervision.
Seems the top 1% of mobile users, says wireless consultant Arieso, consume about half the world’s bandwidth and “the gap is growing.”
Question of the day: What's a girl gotta do to get on Disney channel?
I'm out. Till we tweet again !!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Stuck on You
#ireallywant to make out with Roc royal, his lips though >>> ;] lmao
We're glad to have y'all! :)
Yes, *FLY* be FREE! RT : “: Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE! #musesocial”
I think they make a cute couple.
Welcome to my sex room
Thanks John for coming in!!
Lets Start Trending #iLove1DBecause (: !! GO GO GO.
"scan-ebego" needs to sell BBQ out of it, then I'll come there.
I don't follow the big accounts that don't follow back. psh. bitch please.
How can you save for retirement if you make 59 cents to the dollar?
I started cracking up when I saw that haha funniest thing I've seen all day
Just watched the trailer for 's new show- it looks so cute and funny!
The Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow begins tomorrow! Who do you think will set the pace on Day 1?
Hey I can't recall the model but it was pre logitech and shaped just like TripleFi 10 model
#favorite90smovie uh that would be a tie between cool runnings, heavyweights, baseketball, rookie of the year
Just in. Hospital Visits Due to Ecstasy Use Climb 75 Percent Between 2004 and 2008.
I'm at Art & Soul Gallery.
we love u Cash :D
well thank you sir, it went well :)
Today's goals: skim 3 books, write 2k words, dye hair, organize pantry, grade blogs, begin sort of spare room.
I always wonder if you miss me as much as i miss you...
In Honor of Elizabeth Taylor, I recommend everyone go see "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" Won Academy Award.
#afternoon #Brewers game helps.
Happy Trails and Good Luck to Everyone Headed to AAO. P.S. Yes, we see your tan!
Any updates on when the new blackberry is coming out?
I Need Some Food In My Life Right Now ,
i get message room is password protected?
Sexual Chocolate
Gotta go with the 980 supplier and not the CSN one then!
thanks. Appreciate that. Peace.
I don't really fuck with that. Don't hit me up only you want advice/help/or when you need a friend... I hate that shit.
I still love u Kanye!
Strictly business lol
My dog tries to stick her tongue in my mouth when I masturbate. It's distracting cause I can never figure out how she gets in the shower.
new cube, new outlook on life :) movin on up!
Thanks and you too babe. I wanna see you soon on E News, or something! ;-)
Focus 4 today: Live Life 2day as if its the last.Squeeze every ounce of Joy from every moment & feel it.Make peace w/ urself (via )
#dhtrial judge is basically relax and come back to it in the morning.and sometimes that will change things . (Paraphrase of her instruction)
dude i've been thinking about learning to arrow because it seems pretty cool!
The BankSimple blog is the most disappointing in my RSS Reader. Always an exciting title, but the content is always a bummer.
lol its ok :/
Attention EVERYONE. When referring to Dallas' NBA team ... Correct: Mavs or Mavericks. Incorrect: Mav's or Maverick's. Thank you.
thank you Rev! You were right on time with this one :)
Since Parra might not make the roster, looks like I need to bump up my next fav #Brewer: (Chris Narveson)
At least they may cover the spread
#IfICantHaveYou I don't want anybody. I love you Taryn, I just wish you could see that.
Far better then a text evicting you yes? Life is good.
You are beautiful! :) xx
I'm in a bad mood funk. Need some dives with my buddies and some narcosis to sort it out
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Best of luck to your bro!
Junior Seau rest in peace my friend! I can't conceive this, such a loss to fans, personal friends, family, omg! this is a horrific loss!.
for no reason! someones a little hostile! hahaha never knew id leave work with a black eye....
If you could do anything what would you do? Why aren't you doing it? Create a plan now....
ohh just saw that video! they are actually taking over the world. and we met them. just saying.
I hate you
Tune it to right now!!!
RT : JAMAICAN UNIFEST (Vincent parks, Lauderdale Lakes): We need 3 young, energetic, friendly, hard workin......
Narrowly avoided death on Hwy. 14 headed into MSN. Big wreck just outside cross plains. Expect delas
Good news: we got the new adorable place! Yay!!!! Now...let the packing begin.... dunn dunn dunnnnn..
Its not always about the things you can't do.. but the things you can do.
Well, it's better than running on aderall...I think...right? ;)
happy mothers day :)
I literally saw one today with a sign that said "I'm doing fine but anything extra helps." Wtf?!
Games and Social Networks as Next Generation Learning Experiences online now.
it's awesome out there! i was able to enjoy after i spent a year untangling those...
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf you do not understand that you must learn self-control and balance.
I LOVE YOUU! Love you too little Raegann :) <3
thanks, but we are at !
and so does Craig James
The only thing that has changed in Roanoke is my tomato plants that my dinosaur has been taking care of
I have a few made already I would be willing to share. On publisher right now....
In on a Friday night, studying wine. Oddly enough, not drinking any.
the tag is #flashontap RT i think we all need to come up with an unique #tag for so we all stay connected :D
Wisconsin is banned from the bike.
meg is peeing!
tell rayray to follow me ok
Yep. A leopard NEVER changes its spots.
I guess we shouldn't steal all the thunder this week. So, IU hoops, enjoy this gift tonight compliments of your friends up north.
Can't get used to those college rims
Going to go buy a fitness ball now after that vid
the inner AI is coming outta U . you must b hanging with R-truth or JTG
Great seeing you today! We should do lunch sometime
Good Night, twitterazzi!
hahaha yes ! :D
Hey Candice. As you know I feature you a great deal on my Facebook Sports Business Industry page.
William Shakespeare~ Thy words I grant are bigger for I wear not my dagger in my mouth.
To do something tonight or not?
they stole your hairdo. I hope you're getting royalties! ^_^
RT : I love it when two sick brazilian jiu jitsu black belt sit in the pocket for 3 rounds and trade punches.
Although Golf was originally restricted to wealthy Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing. -Dave Barry
deep face for the win : p
Free Delivery / Drop off this weekend only for Zip Codes 44109, 44126, 44138, 44144, and 44145. This includes all merchandise we sell.
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
#mythoughtsatschool why the fuck am I still here ?
I have no idea - it's been a couple days. What does it look like? Also, my apologies in advance.
You know the REPUBLICANS/DECEPTICONS love anything ridiculous/outrageous with their PARANOID SELVES. There will be no DENOUNCEMENT from MITT
Don't hurt yourself on your way to BEA this year.
what are you going to do after you lose tonight?
u should come
kudos to string cheese, if I had the resources will take on #ticketmaster, such an epic monster rip-off, fees are 50% of the tkt.
The Rev. Wright garbage didn't sell 4 years ago, have fun wasting your money on that again Republicans.
is wishing Saturday would be here already so i can go to warped :)
People should kiss EVERYDAY! = ) Happy National Kiss Day
Gorgeous day in Lauderdale and fun evening with my favorite #realtor, , at Rosie's.
On the DL with bronchitis since Thursday. Tired of being sick. Kind of losing my mind. Watching lots of #Archer today.
Everyting is beautiful!
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina,Tortillini Brodo, Ravoli florentine, Beef Barley, Cream of Mushroom, Lentil, Chicken & Orzo.M
can't believe i have to wait until tomorrow to watch #thebachelor :(
sadly, that is completely true!! #bestplaceever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
That is very true. The point of his gripe was just education.
Omg, like me and my brother was dying laughin and Javale McGee we kept rewinding it bruh tears are rolling down my face still
Modem connects for a few mins then goes back to just blinking receive. Have to unplug to get it to come back online.
Join us for today's Zuppa Del Giorno, Creamy Tomato & Garlic
Come see me tonight. I will be playing Andy Campbell in the film Video Store Sex From Ohio.
We won $100 last night in Powerball using the Analysis Lotto program.
"[Luke:] I can’t believe it. [Yoda:] That is why you fail." Yoda is always right! How will anyone know you're worth it if you don't?
I can't remember a longer feeling 2 week period of time than the one I'm in now.
thanks for the luv my new frnd.
Congratulations for graduating from UT!!!! Git it girl! <3
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's a ladies man. ”
RT #Baylor's 14-game winning streak is nation's longest active.
This just in....a ton of very cool mens shirts...from Spain...
I wanna b just like my twin when I grow up
ya but it starts at 7:20 l m a o
Haha I'll make sure to tell Miley you said hello :)
OMG! he's insane.
It's ridiculous that some people are getting annoyed that #StopKony is getting attention now when they already supported it. It's childish.
vagina street
that we should be so lucky
happy for you cuz& enjoy boxing!:) haha!:) and keep your momentum!~~~ :D
Definitely miss Especially <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
.. but anyways .. off the #soapbox and back to work .. hope you all have a Magnificent (mon)DAY !!! :-)
Hey otis, awesome! Be great to see you.
miss you too boo
any idea what Kubiak's is, if he has one?
what are you heading to LA for?
To know who Romney is, look at those around him: W's Neocons, Karl Rove, Robert Bork.../ Mitt Romney is Dick Cheney, with better hair.
Thanks RT : Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!!
Words to live by. RT : Overheard my 4 yr old daughter say "girls don't like getting burped on when they're wearing dresses."
Greg Malouf is a wonderful chef, so glad he's landed at Petersham's Nurseries in Richmond. Have to go next time I'm in London.
Self-discipline is essential.
#RIP Stevie I loved you and will never forget you!! You'll always inspire me to keep going and never give up!! :)
Happy Easter!
"Ladies, don't settle for the bench, just because he a player...you deserve to be starting"
There's an aquarium reality show???
Metta World Peace: I was just celebrating. Conan: remind me not to get in your way on your birthday when the cake comes out lmao
peace bro follow back!! Enjoy the day
Grad school application officially submitted! Keeping my fingers crossed.....
they're hammering that point now -- and I agree with you, for the record. We are all too eager to throw out data that we don't see!
Long Night.
“: Happy birthday” thank you
2 hours of sleep, and in class at 8 am.. i need coffee
Stop by the booth #1503 as we will be discussing "#Dell's Product & Profitable Analytics" You could win a $25 gift card!
I'm already going through withdrawals just thinking about it!
Ya know, I really don't give a f*** - Macbook or Laptop Decal
#liber2011 KB used statistical experts in creating the valuation model.
Yes! There's a lot of Spike Lee in there & some students complained, but he's so good for application of course concepts.
What's new with the East Coast vs West Coast rap beef?
Expense account? Chips and salsa can't pay for themselves.
Help others without expectation of what they can do for you.
LOL I recently played my VHS tape of Being John Malkovich and I forgot that you had a part in that movie-- FUN!!
Mizzou really needs to improve their parking
"If you want something done, give it to someone busy"
I am stoked! All of our performances of 'Bye Bye Birdie' are SOLD OUT!
Again, I believe test scores should be diagnostic & are a COMPOSITE of the school,student, teacher AND the home.
what...Fuzzy's has a dollar taco night?!
Just The Ticket just got a little prettier thanks to Fair Oaks Nursery for donating 30 hot pink geraniums!
RT connected all thru out this City. Top to Bottom. Know all the plugs Just incase you wondered why am so influential.
"In The Waste Land, I wasn't even bothering whether I understood what I was saying." - T.S. Eliot (via Louis Menand)
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself
indeed! See you tomorrow and we'll compare sessions!
and that who would be?
make your reservation for Easter Brunch Our full brunch offered plus homemade quiche and a plated ham dinner with scalloped spuds
oh what color?
stupid thing won't let me login to origin. What a terrible service.
im following them and he doesnt follow me
Engineers save more lives than doctors- Tell that to Girls who want to help. White Hse Forum .
“: Happy Easter Dog!” you to brotha
Right? At least 12 doesn't chime across as an arrogant prick.
My enemy folded under pressure that the truth was going to decimate him and prove his public statement was a lie!
Prepping for a #PhotoShoot on Thursday. So much to do!!!
cool. I will
G. Cip leads off with an infield hit, stolen base but is stranded on second after three consecutive strikeouts by Harrell.
Word! Lol I'm not mad he stated the obvious, but let's be serious...# sideeye
I'm still In shock my love, my idol, my fave... said "HI" to me on the pier yesterday ...!!!! STILL SMILING..!!!
you feel like trivia tomorrow?
Will someone please just shoot me now!?
Exhausted from the #FILEX weekend.Said goodbye.Can't think of a better time to check out #Titanic on the biggest movie screen in the world!
Just finished work on a brand new importer. Much more stable and faster!
I wanna work with you. I like your sense of fashion.
no cause I didn't go to my game BURN!!!!
srry I haven't been writing the story
May the peace of God be with this holiday season! Pray for those around you who are low in spirit.
lmao && then?:o
#superartfight needs a monocle
Why do fine girls always have attitudes
My problem is that my current job isn't really the source of a lot of relevant experience for the jobs I'm applying for, but some
That moment when your streams start looping like a cartoon background.
we are all in the gutter....but some of us are looking at the stars. ***
Good thing that place was always the opposite of conservative. :o)
that right :) ... put yourself first when it comes to YOUR future.
So the new people at work are legit. Don't hate them like I thought I would.
Currently plugging away on the new site. T-8 days and counting.
Japan Stop These Killings/Slaughtering of Dolphins and Whales!!!!
This Buckeyes/Orange game should be over by midnight. Maybe. If the refs ever let them play. Embarrassing.
Directing an ATOM.TV-funded webseries pilot called "Two Girls One Cop" all weekend, get in touch if you'd like to help or visit--
What did I ever do to you? #Imissyou!
Caught Ted Rosenthal's Trio at the Watercolor Cafe in Larchmont on Friday. Marvelous player, nice venue.
hurry up. and slow down. It is Friday.
ASCAP heavily biased against African American music in its ranking methods
If the guy is a girl like the princess, then was raised by his queen .
help us get this peace officer page up and run' n plz RT
Lol! RT : MadBum you cold blooded magnificent son of a bitch
"going to the ground after the score" ??? these celebration penalties are so absurd.
Please go and follow c'mon people follow'm
When it comes to the studio arms, these days it's all about inhouse production, prebuys or, most typically, doing nothing.
Jelena ALWAYS "break up" before some awards, so it's not surprising tbh.
Sushi at Kona Grill, Inc. in Short Pump :)
Sounds like a challenge that could get me in trouble. ;)
Wait I lied lol no I don't
Trina you are absolutely correct as usual! I am always impressed with your level of spiritual understanding-LoveU in LordChrist
Successfully broke my dads car. I shouldn't be allowed near vehicles.
NICE! We have to do something else so we can make more posters and stickers. :)
if only that would let you operate it. Walking through PAX would be easier.
Austin today is the day!!:) goodmorning;D <3
I hope everyone lost money
no. stop no.
Councilmember Phil Mendelson is now being sworn-in to a fourth term as an at-large member of the council
DEVASTATED Awake got cancelled!!!!
The people on sport bikes last night on man o war was out of control. Probably should of just gone to the garage and started a chainsaw.
Trust issues weeknd remix >>>>>>
I'm looking for a flight to Denver from either Roc or Buff,on june 25th,return the 29th.Thanks
why. Are they doing this to me? I am dying.
I think I go to bars too often...
Maybe, but selecting Tea Partiers over sure-thing yet moderate GOPers may hurt us overall in the end (See C. O'Donnell)
they're gonna let the virus out, it'll be because of them !
this is the best day in my whole life omg !!!!! :) I love justin bieber <3
hahahah i'm already knowin.. You been driving crazy since i was a Scrub in yo passenger hangin out the window wildin..
Thank you and for the retweets!
Can't your iPhone record 1080p? I thought of the idea because your blogs are mostly about movies and other entertainment.
#marrythenight oh my freaking god!!! im in awe loved it just wow.
Dropped in on this quarter's first hackathon demos earlier (thanks for the invite ).
Katie! I got Burning Up stuck in my sisters head! :D Now she keeps singing it and will not shut up! D:
I have spray paint in my eyes.
I hate when that happens :)
follow he gives straight analysis on killer NICAR-L threads, and some pretty good how-to lessons.
Twitter is all about who you follow. Follow good tweeters.
What is your favorite album? :D let us know!
I was saying I do too!
is awesome. In my top 3 favorite characters of all time :3
That's correct. People have to #like you. RT #Facebook's confusing. If you have a page, can you not add friends?
Maybe I'll get a Happy Birthday from on Friday that would certainly make everything okay again. <3
some asshat's yearbook picture.
#OccupyAtlanta police at civic center socializing...enjoying seeing old friends.
Relapse Wednesdays tonight at mokaï 7862829112
“: Uncle Jay RT : I think I might have to babysit tonight” uncle Jay???
called off the "waiting in line" endeavor - visible lightning and thunder that rattled my apt windows? That's pneumonia waiting to happen.
Total buzz kill... Lol
How I felt in January.... Ya this is second ....
always hard for me, but I really have kept quiet for quite some time.
It's amazing how professors don't read carefully or follow instructions & then dock their students' grades for doing the same thing.
Jeez Louise Lebron.
When the smoke clears in this furnace, I will still be standing and my clothes won't even smell like smoke.coveredbyGod.com
spending time with the fam and gifts and sharing memories i love xmas what about u
IF YOU WANT YOU MUSIC OUT HIT JAY BIZZLE UP. GOGGLE HIM LEAVE HIM A MESSAGE.
I know, right? It's a great feeling.
Chicago is great, but ready to go home...
THANKS TOO BAD NO ONE IS HOME TO DRIVE ME I WILL GO NEXT WEEK! Do I need to fill an application out?
Consider it a Lerning experience.
when it's done well, I do.
It's all about the two of you now
no problem. It's easy because it's all true.
UP NEXT<< Jackpot with Bill Previtti, listen in for the latest in gaming around ABQ.
The AP logo is so ugly. It makes me think of the 80s. Cannot look!
Hello Utah! :-D
Oh, aye. ;) MT : Figures you 2 would know each other. RT Enjoy! Say "hi!" to Greg. Intl Photo Metadata Conf
sometimes I feel like the world is coming down on me.
Wow just got email from mets database offering buy one opening day get 1 free for sat or sun next weekend. Unprecedented!
Tonight: Beltway Poetry GRAND SLAM hosted by Sonya Renee @ Busboys and Poets 5th & K 1025 5th St NW , Washington, DC
there are any number of fields that you can chose. For example, you have the African Diaspora, African, Latin American...
Follow our friends on Twitter these people know pet food!
We will be ***OPEN*** Easter Sunday at 11AM
We are so glad, Justin! Thank you for sharing!
Who's watching tonight??
Do you not notice me becuase, I'm not as pretty and fake as all those other hoes you hang around with?
We are praying for and are thankful for the 3 that gave their hearts to Jesus last night!!! Be good ground that God can use!
Real talk? RT : *raises hand.* Ahem. :) RT : I wanna meet somf this summer... who down?
same, love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Funny watching all panelsts on "SEO for Bands" panel playing with their iPhones / iPads while the other panelsts speak.
I am one of those people, so naturally I was close to tears from the moment it started
Is anybody out there? Does anyone understand me?
Thick women >
a new day for fans of Eminem
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>
Just Gt Up Slept Gud #AF Nw I'm Hungry Ready Ta Gt Out
I am staying positive no matter what...
Glad you liked our random fact!
haha thank you! I was too lazy to get a link ><. One of the best shows ever.
I can still cringe at a POWDER reference. Thanks, ! ;-)
Be sure to like us on Facebook for the same exact posts minus hashtags.
but if you like learning about government and politics I guess you should still consider it, talk to people that took the class
Oh my lord my Twitter has unfollowed everyone again ! This is the last time I follow people back and if it doesn't work, oh well
I dont trust anybody with anything of mine...so how am i ever going to be in rel.if i wait 4 them to fuck up.
awh man that's my good:x feel better soon!
I woke up and hopped off somewhere out by 18th street. Haha imma take a nap :-)
Among best special effects I've ever seen, awesome action moments, charismatic villain, great laughs. Have your pulse checked.
my thoughts exactly... People are so quick to get on board without checking the facts.
Grand Prairie's Paragon Outlets job fair Friday: 1300 positions on display - Fort Worth Star Telegram (blog)
I'm still in shock.
Compare Eton, Freeplay and C Crane. Get one with a crank and flashlight built in. Prices down, features up.
Time to vote guys, go do it
#outofhandgame tip? Don't take the bait!!!!
Qualifying SoCal host for +multi-lingual Berlin tennis/violin player.in top program.RT & refer!
I don't do karate I do k-razy!
At this point ive been at work for 12hrs and counting!!!
Hahahaa it was hilarious though!!! :D
The Cheyenne Regional Medical Center () Board of Trustees voted to pursue a not-for-profit partnership with
There's a prom at the hotel my parents and I are staying at. Maybe I can finally go to prom. Brb dancing.
Thanks for giving me twitter tips!
RUT Hockey is looking for someone with marketing experience or help with marketing for future events! Your help is greatly appreciated
Thanks & and for your continued efforts on behalf of the people of Haiti. Lets us know what we can do to help.
Kane, you are gonna be "p'jammin'!" Haha...those things crack me up.
I've probly only met like 2 people who actually admitted they're from Raleigh lol.. which means the rest of ya'll are denying it.
love your avi specially bcs I know the story of that location cute.
On my way to LA
is cute as fuck!(:
AZ Bound in one week...can't wait to see my friends!
RT : I'm getting excited for #TuesdayTrivia First Game starts tonight at 7:30... All of the cool kids are...
This Time Machine backup is taking forever. Grrr!
isn't it?!
what's for dinner? salami, pita chips & tomato/basil hummus…and rum & coke. what can i say? i need to go to the grocery store
I love him<3
So far, I'm hearing: rest, compression socks at night, and better gym shoes.
let's go!
me too, Mary!! hugs from Colorado
thanks for the RT ;)
I'm too flirty
Ok even that is a little for me.... hahaaha
i love seeing the life of retweets & how they get modified & reinterpreted along the way. Digging in, on this level, is fascinating.
So thankful for family, friends and the great iBloom team!
Keep Rising Above Never forget the Fallen
Good news, 2012 Fringe & 24 Hour Festival is a go for the Fall. More details soon.
would * { transition-duration:0; } work?
does anybody have a drill I could borrow??
JM: What about a TTI 2? could we do a 2nd rept that takes in to acct recent activity? could it include a grad student perspective?
that party sounds...interesting! and congrats on being one of slate's best books of the year!
me too!
You could've used that as your halloween costume. Will you wear it to school?
Bro , You're a pussy..
That sounds so much more simple than when I saw you last!
thanks for following!
k...? that wasnt even a video
I LOVE MADISON NAOMI ALAMIAAAA!!!<33333333333333333333333333333333333333333
If need juice for your smart phone recharge at our booth
D3 extends good luck wishes on Tuesday, March 27th to the following cands.: L.D., J.S., R.P., D.C. & I.R.! Also, a HUGE congrats to C.O.!
Kall me maybe.
If a woman wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
who are u?
New vid. comin wednesday for "no problems" prod by visual by @
ATL has been good to me, she allowed me to to clear my mind & just relax for once. sucks I have to leave my bf with her tho :(
lol u followed a link from google to a website that had your name and it was broken... Guess it wasn't really u
Bebe is taking me to Bonefish tonight.
Follow me on #Instagram at IAMVINTAGEE
YEAH I GOT YOU RT a dubb
it was like a scene from a movie, crazy.
oh cool lets talk about college basketball and punch ourselves right in the dick i totally want to do those things
Studies confirm that children who eat breakfast collect a healthier lifestyle! Children's Hospital, #makingkidshealthier :)
Heading to Coshocton? RT : Hello Columbus! It's good to see you again even though I'm just passing through :-)
*you're, bro.
you, and miss NEED to come to ATL! Miss y'all so much! <3
#TheperfectBoyfriend will call for no reason at all...just to check on you. :-)
Ok, I'm at 696 & Van Dyke in Center Line. :) RT yep it is :) I am in Warren too
True, I like RNG better tho, this performance was speechless<3
Likewise, but I'm sticking to fake chips from now on...
that is even more funny. rascals have no brains.
But overall: Yay! Congrats!
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.
thank you!!
FOLLOW ME!<U+2665> te amo matt<U+2665> :D
It was so great to see rivers fumble that ball and eventually cost his team that win HAHA, Gonna be a great division race to the end!!
yeah! we actually NEED some new promos because we got a new guitarist
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU i went to every class on time faithfully... now not so much
unfortunately it's mini hd dv tape (card is only for stills). Don't have another device that can read it :(
I wish I was watching him! Just left a 5 hour meet and greet promotion!
I love that now days girls call guys best friends and they b fuckin fuckin
Leaders guide and empower a team of willing participants towards a visualized, articulated, and constantly evolving end
good to hear is back in Buffalo, did more for the Sabs than most fans know
The unexpected is just the beginning. The unexpected is what changes our lives. ~Unknown
So pumped for all you idiots to come to DC and look at our trees.
no it isn't -__- maybe you have her number so you see her name as well
So I have the evaluateing my driving? I'm not a bad driver!!!
Youreeee just hearing this?!! Shame Trav! :) soo beautiful, love it!
Juice chettos and the avengers
I've stayed up until 10AM a couple years ago and for when I hosted this guy at OG I'm surprised he wasn't dead-
Why can't I go back to my childhood
i honestly hope for the worst on people
I need a virgo RT : If you're dating a #Virgo you are dating a sexual technician who knows the precise methods to drain you fluids
Love late night calls with India. Falling over.
LOL!! so do you have any boys in your life?? :)
RT if you proud to b single :)
ewwwieee. So you're a freshman?
Alas, Homi is farther from our new location than the old. But not that much.
Never Bite The Hands That Feeds You.
Well, no one's reported me yet...
doesn't get much more real than even a touch!
I have not been on twitter for a few days whats happening with Austin?
Thank you! Greatly appreciate it!
I just hope women at start looking for jobs else where NOW.
I love you with all my heart khloe of course too you guys are the lights of my life
working on a graphic novel for class! the topic? a grave lack of creativity in academia
#WalkerFailure sez God has a plan for him, but what about the 65k, incl 29k kids, who were to lose health care under his plan?
Damn you can't hang no mo fool
We'll be at Easton from 6-7pm today in front of Panda Express with cheap tickets to Friday's show.
hey girl long time no hear WHAT'S UP!!!!!!
Call me if you need to contact me, my txts are currently inefficient. I kno this is useful info for every1 cus every1 needs to contact me
Remember this one? How to get a 1,000,000 people to send you $3.00...for info send $3.00 to....
Oor trying to find a 125,000 dollar contribution? Let me know if you can help!
Question of the day: What's your favorite accessory for Spring?
Had dinner w/ last night at a local restaurant, where she joked w/waiter w/an ease only a local could! Made her mama proud!
Psyched to chow with friends and colleagues tonight. Can't really indulge though - have a 20-mile run in the morning!
HAHA! That would've been more acceptable...I would've assumed costume party. No...spread out. And scary...
Even with the lost will still pick someone to have follow. Will do everything tomorrow.
I Learned That People Change, Nd Often They Become The Person They Said They Would Never Be. **Generally Speaking**
btw sorry for the late reply.
Goodluck to my sister , I know you guys are going to win
Just saw and thought it was . I was like dude, does he ever.
Working on a solo clarinet piece. Any clarinetists out there get annoyed by anything in particular? Like something especially?
The touchdown lead is the worst lead to have in hockey.
interesting. thanks
Why am I so tired!?
were you late too?
If you had to pick just 3 chats to participate in from your list, what would be your personal choices?
are you kidding? Ask me where I am on Sat/Sun around 3:00pm...it's like my own witching hour....
Happy birthday, !
We have tickets for our first show! June 11!!!!!!
It's 1:00am. Today is Settling Somewhere's first show playing the new EP. Shit is about to go down.
missing the point, field goal not guaranteed you never know take the points, which happens to be a 6 point TD
#youknowyoughettoif You know that you need to unlock phones and always get the hook up.
Happy Birthday!!
Listened to #Boyfriend like 30 times I
RT WHO SAW THE ICONIC BOYZ LAST NIGHT?!, I did:)
Cool on the film gig. My nephew is a film director in L.A. too. Probably a million of them.
good nite twitter peps!!! rest well.
ya.cuz willem's is pretty serious. Q is not afraid to be silly sometimes lol and u will learn a lot!
All chains! Find a Ham's Restaurant or Cook-Out!!
I refuse.
Thanks!! Heidy is an excellent adapting squirrel :-)
At the deli, of course!
Credit Reports ... check :) Nothing unusual, all perfect. Offer on house here in Santa Fe submitted. 30 years of mortgage debt here we come.
For all the musician's following me, check out AudioTools.com. It's a free cloud based digital audio workstation (DAW). Pretty sweet.
Good night everyone
“There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation. One is by the sword. The other is by debt.” - John Adams, 1826
#slowmoment when im done typin my status and pushing the enter button like its gonna post it-------this is not intant messaging Tammy
A girl that quotes eminem is sexy
Oh you're very attractive.
They say that we are >>>Free<<< but really we not
Show Choir these days.
Congrats on 45 years of bookselling ! Check 'em out for anniversary discounts, a cool trivia contest and great books!
Might we ask why you feel this way?
3 years, wow! Happy Twitter Anniversary! #Cheers to many more
Began my first #dayofDH with puzzling out the process. I know I should be an old hand at this.
dude! did u see her texting while he was thanking all of the judges? what tha?!
Just peaked at the menu - looks delish! When do you open ?
oh that is nice
I honestly don't even care about mine wooooops
Would you believe that 75% of Americans suffer from some stage of periodontal gum disease?
does hollywood studios close at night because im curious
hm maybe you should just pop over to NYC and we can do a live baking session :) doesn't look like you need any coaching!!
Picking up my new car tomorrow!!
are there any ICONiacz who would tweet me at this hour..~ I'd love you 69everrrr.
Amber Cole ...... really?
Devil get up off me
"She don't wanna man she just wanna fuck" If that aint the truth lol
Getting my babe Pick up Sticks
Exactly two months until graduation! Let the hourly countdown begin..
Gonna b a long day tomorrow
BOOKED MY FLGHT TO SPAIN WOO
USGA handicap is only used in 42 countries. Their goal is to become a global sports
If someone says "pathological liar" and you then assume you're being talked about.....well
Aw shucks
Kim Kardashian&#39;s SECRET PLAN TO HAVE KANYE&#39;S BABY (Video ...
Switching back and forth between the race and the O's. Let's get that sweep birds!!!
OMG i got a tweet from my idol zendaya so happy N3RD is the W0rd!!!
got my nerd outfit down pack
friendly FB exchange. which was nice. anyway, are you from New York?
I missed you too!
Good things happening here.
I'm excited to move so I can find the Milverine
Big day ahead. Jdrf gala tonight, time to raise a ton of money to fund a cure for type 1 diabetes. AND Mitchell is speaking again!
Emory University Library Software Engineering here. Hello all.
where is it???
- Thanks for the tweet. Keep spreading the word
It's tough enough to be a kid w/o POTUS/dad thrusting you into the spotlight. Makes it hard for media, Rs to respect privacy when dad won't.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.<U+0094> ~Winston Churchill
I love doing them and hopefully always will do them
I still take a lot of things for granted...
your so sweet! How r u?
Finished all the #Naruto , waiting for the next new episode!
I read the last issue of Justice Society of America. It was good. Not amazing, but good.
Anyone watching Rangers vs Yankees? Josh Hamilton has lost his bat mid swing twice and it's gone into right field. Bizarre/dangerous
Asked by a publicist to change a photo with a story because it didn't have the correct product placement. Was thrilled to tell her a big no.
A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together
I can't believe you read that book! Did you die a little inside?
lmao he said he threw a no hitter!
Be careful of Women who attract men posing as Anything they suffer from ID crisis
YOU SHOULD PRAISE HIM ANYWAY...RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF "IT" !!!
you had a great time too!
think I'm gonna make it out monday dudes! See you soon.
so enjoy your day!?:D and dis ur mom enjoy it too??^^
In Australia, 43% of small businesses say that they have been able to grow their businesses through social media.
Getting ready for who knows what!
Nice! RT Haters are like crickets: They chirp all day, but as soon as you walk by them, they shut up.
Came to pick up but can't seem to find her.
craft... not so clutch
thank you!
I thought your tweet about "tomorrow"was referring to the play that's at Poteet. Thought maybe u had a niece in it.
Happy easter
LOL it's all in good fun though.
#NJASL2010 Libraries as mental playgrounds
LOL yes sir MOE money over everything LOL take of easy my boy.
OH in Central Park: "It doesn't have Adobe, so I couldn't get any websites with it." Sigh. Huh?
I have been doing this too. I'm kind of lucky my CC didn't work on one site or Burial/Four Tet single was mine but at ~$25
Wow. That's impressive.
I'm Sorry I'll Make It Up To U!
It's already sold...by the six-pack even!
Too many people become victims of their own choices, then they put others through pain because of it.
for Cav IV's?! hahahaha wait hahaa nawww how much $ you adding?
To all my followers stay following and being updated things are going to get real interesting soon.
At Quinn's celebrating St. Patrick's Day W/ !
"Search Ebscobost" dropdown Moodle block: very cool, UM librarians
Can I accomplish something worthwhilte today? I hope so. Morning, world!
Damn all these players getting injured in these playoffs this year
"Yea right he lyin lol" dats always everyones response wen jerome say he gon come c my kids
Had fun with cory and my sis last night. Glad I can go to bars other than saddle and have a good time. Sick of that place!
yes please! Can you bring that to me?
You'll have to elaborate when we get back.
Dear mom and dad, stop saying, 'Don't play with your food', you spent the first 2 years of my life teaching me it was a plane.
Quickie contest! Send your funniest Vegas photo to & if we use your pic for our caption contest, you win $10 in deal bucks!
“: Ima rock my back in black jersey today...if we lose I'll never rock it again” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
TODAY IS ONE OF THOSE DAY WHEN U JUST WANNA CHILL, WITH YOUR HIM AND EAT AND WATCH MOVIES,HAVE SEX.....JUST IN THAT ORDER!!!!! *DaKota M ...
we took them to 7 games last time. We were in the 2nd round last year. It is insane if I thought they would get to the finals.
a Billy Clyde story??
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night. <3
damn was it it good?
Can't wait to watch the live streaming concert tonight!! I just put in my order :)
30 minutes away until at Noon...team coverage of President #Obama visit to NYS
A boy will tell you he loves you but a man shows it.
better go out for my birthday tonight
u better! keep me posted on this stuff lol
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster. - Adam Osborne
TK was faking everyone out all year....saving it all for the playoffs
: "I'm in Portland, OR. Loving it!!!" Don't lose your notebook... again!
However, what truly was an amazing end to the great meal at Jaymer's was their homemade bread pudding with caramel sauce. Loved it :)
Wedding today
only if it was one if the first few dates:)
You mad now...
I feel so grown up when I make my BF's lunch in the mornings before he heads off to work! Just call me June Cleaver.
Andy Hughes and David Alan Rech up to bat next with Achieving an XML-First Workflow in the Odet at 3:15 #pbc12 Head over now!
what's that? I cant see im on my phone text tweeting
great day today :)
Who tf pissed in your frosted flakes?!
Not sure how I missed this but I love this!!
Thanks for the follow Duncan!
#sbcon11 in ending keynote: Notes "everything is social" and wonders why we have to continue to argue for this idea
Has anyone tried the #Dorito taco from #tacobell? I want one now
You know what time and day it is! 104 Years of the GREATEST Sisterhood Story Ever told! " DEEP in my heart, I LOVE MY AKA"
If the #Browns hadn't franchised Dawson last year, they might have the # 2 pick.
She grinds my gears
Best afternoon :) so sweet!
Testing...1...2...3... Anyone else feel awkward when people are testing microphones?
going there today to I'll look for stuff
Thanks Fo The #follow My Luv :)
Happy mothers day
has never seen so many cameras in her life. And she's gonna be pissed if she gets a grad cap sunburn.
Mario lopez is sexy wachinq ellen l)
Any chance you wore a Princess Leia slave costume at some point during the tour? Bc we'd all pick that.
You can't stand people's opinions? Then what the fuck are you doing on Twitter? Dumb hoes.
got you.
suggestions for a non-chapel Vegas wedding? we're listening ...
So I started a bromance between and #sweet #MyTwoFavoriteMen ;)
AW... thanks. Hope you have a great weekend. Let's just ignore the whole Friday the 13th thing.
#YouGetPointsIf you support Kony. R-T if you support the holy war of Joseph Kony and the LRA! R-T if you love God!
looking at you being a leader on next season!
Jay-z and Beyonce AINT Mary and Joseph People...Get off their jocks
Stand by those who stand by you.
Never been in such a bad mood over being hungry, feed me
Our Insane Offer for Cooking.com will be live in less than 15 min! The first 75 to claim the offer will get $40 cash back!
Already planning my return to to witness Childish Gambino on 4/20
so I guess i "bought" them with fake internet cash
Artiste Hebrew launches website: artistehebrew.com
Funky Friday phrase: "to set the Thames on fire." In light of "The Lorax" hitting theatres, this phrase may remind us of days when po...
I'm so drunk, cnt even wallk in a straight line
no problem! x
Glad to hear you're moving to the Big D, it's a great place to get a fresh start!
I'm a bitch because all nice girls get nothing but walked on
Haha yeah I know
Nanotechnology is an excellent career field & is an excellent area for future employment.
How do you think it felt to write it?
hey can you give me a shoutout?
did you write new material or just havin a shit day?
Feels like I've been waiting 2 deplane since the Regan era. Why can't planes flip open like a Delorian so we exit by row?
Today, it's 50% off admission from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. Enjoy our special exhibitions including the much-talked-about Old Kingdom mummy...
I am eating fresh blackberries and raspberries - they taste like summertime and sunshine!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! :D I hope it's great
Are you serious.... Dumbass ppl these days...
haha that's what me and you are doing!(:
What I meant was check facebook then twitter and then work on report for 30 mins. Maybe excel is down? Damn! Baby Step to 12:00...
Without solitude it is impossible to have a spiritual life. --Henri Nouwen
good sign:)
yeah! BTW this is new co-owner Alana!
thank you so much!
just wishing I can have one of your cupcakes with my mocha latte right now :D
Ntl Adviser for Emerging Technologies & Learning, Learning & Teaching Scotland. Could we have one please?-A Mom
I hope the drunk guy that drove 1/2 mile in SF BART tunnel this morning had a GoPro on his dash. I'd pay to watch that YouTube video.
Holy fuck i'm so tired and soree
is back!!! yea. It feels so strange rooting for something that happened over 6 months ago
we got work to do lol
clearly left my Living room a mess..... #illpunchyou!!!!
If i was in a cliset i would listen to music while trapped than call for help(:
*daps* RT It's really red tide week.
you too.
Believe in your self and the rest will follow
There are doors to be knocked on, votes to get out, and stories to be told.
I feel like playing a board game haha x
Charlotte Restaurant Week economic impact grew from $1.9M in its first year to $5.5M this past year.
NEED TWINS FOR YOUR NEXT FILM CONTACT US, WE LOVE WORKING.
So, do you now have more respect/love for TRGBnB?
That'd be amazing though. He could probably run for president with all that power. All the major teen/young adult acts.
hopefully you're off work soon
Thanks so much for the awesome RTs!! You in LA? Should totally come out and join us for our party on Fri!
that awkward moment when u have to explain the joke .. lol
You think you know EVERYTHING
Date night with my DH tonight. We're playing tennis :)
Dessert and #DowntonAbbey. Synonymous, I think! Couldn't enjoy #MasterpieceClassic more.
A hoe gets taken home to meet the bed ... But a real woman gets taken home to meet mom.
Reduce the heat of chiles by removing the seeds.
#Dolphins take QB Ryan Tannehill with the 8th overall pick in the
Missed the Grammys last night? Check out grammy coverage. Very entertaining/informative!
Ah, now I want one.
I'm Finna put one of my kinfolk up on dat bih
BEST WINGS AND SPINACH IN THE CITY!
getting ready for Help! webinar with the amazing michele hayslett on the amer comm survey! #govinfo ftw
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 30
I just sorta kinda wish Justin Bieber wasn't involved.
Fuller: "The only way our children win is with OPTIONS"
Dear Ron Paul: Saying "The Al Qaeda" is like saying "The El Rio". Oh, wait--
so excited to see #themanymistressesofmlk at one of my very favorite theatre companies !
Vegau Inc. Launches New Internet Marketing Website - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
Never Say Never.. ^^
OMG ALLIE GRANT ON #SUBURGATORY!!! I missed her!!!
RT : Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATIRDAY!! ON THE TABLES!! RT #RT RT
Happy Birthday #Milwaukee! #DNation is doing it's best to help EVERYONE celebrate
We can make an earthquake up in here
oh that sounds like a touchy topic.
Geez...3 milestones all next to each other, almost 1k tweets (mostly RTs hehe) almost following 300, and literally at the doorstep of 100
# Pics of The rapper w guns and #machine weapons brought into #evidents. #Tattoo is also a factor in this case.
Wondering if there will be labor this labor day weekend!!!!
Brad Pitt's hair has such bounce. Must get his secrets.
Buttermilk Pancakes part 2 wit and
Jesus is LORD.
You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost and realize what you have now is way better than before.
An alibi says that I didn't commit the act, I didn't have the intent, and I couldn't have because I was somewhere else.
I wouldn't even worry about it. His body of work on the field speaks for itself.
I'm so sleepy
art medium for the day: more color swatch cards, fatter sharpies, n box cutters (x-acto knives ain't cuttin' it)
great name
Finals Tomorrow <<<<<
sweet, sounds like dinner on Tuesday with and ;-)
About 2 have a meltdown
#DH twitter folk: anyone have good examples of proposals explaining digital humanities and its relevance to administrators?
Am I the only 15 yr old who hasn't lost all their teeth yet
thanks for fallowing ! :)
enjoy your dogs!
$520 left on my pre-tax Transit card expiring this Sun. Should have planned better before quitting. Let's hope I can get a $500 metrocard.
o thought u said u had to much to do and u needed them to get in contact with me
This game is going to come down to last shot
oh and I completely agree with you. :-)
APU is all wrapped up after a great semester and I am all caught up with my online class! Tomorrow: a real day off!
I actually think that this is a huge problem. We do a lot of invisible labor that goes uncompensated. But, beyond that, ...
-So many people and things
Happy and blessed Birthday my old San Jose friend!! 49 or 50? Memory issues here
Cool! I'm in the lobby now.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 4
oh new day for TROS. what shall we do today?! how about new promo pics!
Sorry, tix are already gone. I'll add you to the waitlist
PART 2 - and sex, and country house, and years of traveling memories, and events, and work, and biz....
SIT THE FUCK DOWN!!!!
Introducing: Taylor Swift and the Sharecroppers LIVE at the 1932 #Grammys!!
Funny. Wednesday fans are far gobbier than Blades though...
nothin much..wassup with u bro
Getting ready to get out in the cold and gab a bottle of wine for tonight's WII party.
New Spotify Play Button is a great move for them, but still requires user to be a member w/ software downloaded. YouTube embed does not!
Omg this man has a signature on his txt.... #Icannot ... That shit is so weak to me.
we were overwhelmed by the "experienced" theater-goers and snuck out quietly after the Q&A was done.
I love the client list!
u know we go hard
Have to remember that faculty are basically reactionary.
Just saw a whole lotta butt crack on Connecticut Ave
So psyched to read your dark faerie short! Is there anyway to find all the works that pulled out of the anthology?
hey Matt sucker wanna come over tomorrow? Like not ride with me but after I get home?
Cat like reflexes keep me from planning
yes but that second step is a doozy
why isn't Turner playing 35 minutes a night? Why is Meeks playing? Why take out turner for Lou at the end?
oh bubbly.
all good, I'll be in Tacoma Washington slime!
I'm feeling really bad for Japan right now so no fundraising push for today. What can I do to help the people of Japan?
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. - Zig Ziglar
Happy Hump Day, twitterverse.
Downtown at The Gallery, Just got fitted for a show
String Swing Hardwood Home & Studio Guitar Hanger (Shades May Vary)
Music Video Website Vevo Wants to Tell You What to Listen To
: Personally I hate when a PDF suddenly downloads onto my computer.... I just wanted to see if had tartare
"Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need."
I know what u mean.My 1st AOL IM was ButtaP. Like butta pecan. Someone called me BUT TAP one day. Done. Gone.
follow me ill follow back..
#Conductors: If your left hand is basically doing what your right hand is doing, why bother using it at all??
Yeah, that could be it lol. I use Google Chrome for my streams.
Yes Please! : Would you hire a food truck to feed #wedding guests?
RT If you condition an apology with an "if anybody was offended" clause, you need to apologize for that.
Not gonna lie, ready to get outta here
thanks for the RT!
how's the crowd? #L1C4? Come on
Finally getting through to Yeats' great poetry "Second Coming" scarily relevant at times! Also enjoying H. Heine: such lyrical German!
Congradulations to all of the newest members to the Johnson C. Smith University Alumni family! Job well done!
Thanking the good Lord for better discernment & mercy for the times when I've gone astray.
que mi cabello crezca ya :c
I can't imagine those are the wines for the kids' table, which is where I belong. Ha!
Ultrasound Physics: Impedance Calculation
“ hey how yu doin... just sending messages to all my followers” cooling n thanx
I think one is enough. I'm going to have to keep my eyelids open with toothpicks.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
For the past 8 years I've kept a list of my favorite words that I come across while reading. Today's word is Halcyon. How about you?
Great nap. Now off to workout..
I'll take what I can get. Happy to be home with fam, Meg?
Fitting that Banta-Cain ended it with a sack after his penalty prolonged the game. Great game
I WISH MY OLD BESTIE WOULD HANGOUT WITH ME, I MISS HER SO MUCH... WE WERE SO CLOSE NOW. NOTHING, I MISS U BESTIE
Hey! Follow
I try to match my objectives with their goals and offer advice for improvement that connects with their needs.
Thanks for the follow Adam. Very glad you're happy with your purchases!!
Vital Information
Tina girl! You better sing like you're Rachel Berry!
also I'm an idiot. I just realized it was just on ... I missed it. I was watching last weeks.
Wow, what a blessing FSF is to so many families!
This is what makes life rich, that it has more to offer with each clue it reveals.
where are your pretty friends? Got any for ?
I used upack.com and it was pretty good. Probably would not arrive before you, though. When do you move?
“: I know happiness because I know God.”
About 50/50 but I don't use either one very much at all (paypal vs. authorize.net)
Vince Carter got that killer look in his eye tonight
hey remember how happy i made you today
Come Stop by today and receive a small peach milkshake!
Last full week of April is here! For all you college students that means the same thing, finals! But no worries summer is almost here! -CS
Yes, LLorente puts Athletic ahead ! Manchester United - go back home !
haha yeahh.. but i need to get it higher :/
We'll try our hardest to keep your eyes open -- glad you're here, friend!
will do! Gets some shoes to kill the competition
"Dear Ole Morehouse. Dear Ole Morehouse. It's in our hands." - Eddie Glade '89
So fun take a picture and share with us RT : that's an awesome deal. I know where I'm going for lunch. #burritos ...
my bitches and <3
Fall asleep at 8:30pm. Wake up in middle of night, slightly panicked, thinking, "Oh shit, I have work to do!" Can't fall back asleep.
Still gunning for Dreams of Our Fathers!
feels good to be home!
The twins are here! Welcome to the world, Devin and Vikas. Can't wait to meet you!
Nice to meet you! :) RT : hi everyone, I am a newbie, looking forward to learning from
Where did you put your locker?
BBQ Chicken, twice baked potatoes, Broccoli/Cauliflower in cheese & rolls!! Good day in a TX Kitchen! Whats for dinner
Aw, I totally thought it was Mike and thought he was being a sneaky bitch! I feel bad, I have participated in bullying haven't I?
yes me as well. There is a new pho restaurant in beachwood but I've only been there once & never went back...
Sadly, yes, I have. Biggest bunch of lowdown, no account grifters this state may ever have seen.
They're back! We'll be reopening for lunches on Monday starting on the 7th!
Good morning world get booty up.
This just in: Someone spotted some water in the gulf.
I wonder if there's a #FourSquare "mayor" of the Cadillac Hotel in #Rochester?
And Nate didn't play him why? RT : Luke Babbitt was a team high +15 in 21 minutes
Hanging out at the show in Chicago! Come say hi!
Tebow. Denver. Unbelievable game thus far
dude if only there was one by warehouse on sunday haha!
Some things don't need explanation....
fact RT The lesson here is never get between a sexicana and her man ;)
“: Can't wait for 's tonight #YOLO” me neither! <33
Reminds me of the time that I was supposed to see Cat Power but she cancelled and Elf Power filled in.
i've never read/seen any of the twilight books,not really my thing. Good suggestion but i dont have a kindle. im so behind hah
Life is a grindstone. Whether it grinds us down or polishes us up depends on us. -- Thomas L. Holdcroft
them tracks went hard!!! Miss u guys!!
Boobie said it best...
#Bears select Boise State defensive end Shea McClellin with 19th pick in first round of draft.
Try to say words but the dumb comes out.
what up stranger
just watched 50/50. very nice sir.. cant wait to see u get the credit u deserve. in feb. 1 yr.
Long day of witness prep, with 5 hours of driving; not fun. Will rest up now for #blackhawks game later.
Coming back to chi for one more night in my room
i'm not a complete idiot. parts of me are missing
Good set of meetings. Now, getting ready to head to airport--lots of work to get back to. Will really miss the Boulder sun & views.
Hahahaha! Awesome! RT : note from Cali. Lakers are old and slow. They suck.
Turned 20 last week, but can still pass for 14.:) A blessing? Not when you go out dancing, but it is in the world of acting. :)
don't know what?!
Cool about Charlie and the paper airplane launcher/designs. However, I think that I might have one that he would like equally...
omg me to.
ohh Stfu. We should have won. :/
im coming back monday boo!
& I need to get you on the new This Week in Energy one of these days. Then you can go frackin' crazy!
Conan O'Brien's First Twitter Follow Demonstrates the Power of Social Media - GlobalShift
I miss sleeping. 4-day old son and my 19-month old daughter.
#FF BECAUSE #FUCKYOU support your local pgh face melter. Laugh, hate and destroy.
You are in for a treat. Fine book--he read here in Johnson City in February; the rest of the novel lives up to the sampling.
# TWO days till boyfriend comes out!!! I'm so excited!!!!(:
@ IHOP RED VELVET PANCAKES!!!!!!! #WHAT#
. When communication is not maintained the business will suffer,
When I'm at work sometimes I like to pretend I'm an old-timey switchboard operator and talk in that voice, ya know that voice?
You sir... are really talented.. and cute! haha! :)
yeah a few and some of my moms china fell
Treat Rheumatoid Arthritis Early and Aggressively: Guidelines
ROTFL...love the dialogue...i'm in stitches and totally lovin' your style! #deathtocreditcard and #hideunderarock props!!
Gotta stay up..
Sick. :/ #PrettyLittleLiars amazingg, have me clue who a is!(:
Went for a nice walk on the dam, now off to bed :-)
oh no! beastie boys, not RATM! sorry!
I wish that will #BringBack1DVideoDiariesOnTheStairs ! I miss that so much! :'(
Rahm's next step is to find a horse.
Weekend plans...we need some. What are you doing this weekend?
Wow, That lady at #DELs restaurant was a nut-case wasnt she! Love your show
Get warmed up for the tournament at our Save Point practice session being held on February 21st at 5pm at the Main Library.
If you're like me you always keep an open mind when it comes to #anything That being said follow #goodnight & may God bless you
Social Media Raises the Stakes for Customer Service - American Express Survey
He knew he was going to be on the podium so he got a hair cut.
This will be me RT I think also just witnessed a small meltdown at one of the merch stands. Yes.
I'm saying what was the other shoes that came out?
Tune in to and tomorrow 5-7am for live preview, including performances by !
This is a great place for celebrities to live and keep some anonymity, in my opinion.
Does coffee count?
smart kid
Love your work... Best wishes to you in 2012!
PickUpLine: Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
hahah I know(:
My best efforts were some modern things that looked like very lousy Matisses. Thank God I had the sense to realize they were lousy, .
--> Where are you at that it's that nice??
you know you are cat obsessed when...
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence -Robert Frost
you are a fabulous speaker & your stories, both spoken & written.
follow us too for more!
I still have never been there! Is it that good?
is anything Bono enough though?
We want to see Simon going over choreography with his girls like Paula was with the Stereo Hogz!
At Films without borders nyc event presented by Prince Edward & George Lucas. Woman: "I'm so underdressed in this old Valentino!"
You be always on my mind..
I train Playboy models in the Hollywood Hills, I'd love to train you too.
Toronto Canada, here and I come!
kinda cant wait to come home tm :/
Party tonight at PushPush after Bremen Freedom opening.
Catwoman or Anne Hathaway?
it's a secret ;) lol
Michael Buble holiday music on Pandora-- yes please!
listening to that right now...i love it
There's something happenin' here, what it is ain't exactly clear.
I always get the question of why don't you date guys around your age anymore....because yall are immature and annoying.
Mexican Food<33 #yummy right now my dad is making Carne Asada (:
Nice shot of the Gates Foundation too!
Lol this sucks! Everybody is in Texas! Haha I wanna be in Texas and not dinky old Florida! -__- hahahahah
PhD work is tough, but I love being able to be a student in the age of mobile Web2.0 organizational apps and digital libraries.
me too!!!! Lol but it's a soap opera lol cuz mines in English :P
Why did Spring break have to end so fast?
I love making references to like everything I know I can make references to!
how DO those goats get in the trees?
Ready for a good workout the heat nation game tonite
"What's happening man?" "Hot dogs are happening."
What do you mean? Where are you going?
Congrats on the new job, Eva!
It is freezing in #JAWB 500. Free-zing.
That awakward moment when youre trying to become friends w/ someone you ask their favorite bands &theyre all the bands you dislike
do you like your macbook air more than your macbook pro? do you find your macbook air is fast enough?
A gloomy rainy good morning! I almost hope it's this rainy on Saturday...then I fancying take advantage of it by sleeping in! :)
stamped concrete looks awesome
Are your #costs and #benefits calculated or imagined?
fina call u
I would love to pitch a television show called "Middle-Aged Obese Men and Tiaras." It could work.
It may be a rainy day here in Panama City Beach, but we're still going to get our reggae on tonight with Heritage!
i love looking back over my tweets and reading all my random rants
Thanks for the RT, Becky, hope you have a great weekend. : )
if he really wants everyone to forgive him he should just admit that he's been drunk for everyone of his starts
I don't think there is a classier organization than the #pens in any sport. #topnotch stuff!
Looks like I have 4 lbs of Bacon available amongst all the other Re-Heat and Eat BBQ on hand. Who needs Bacon or other stuff?
“: The Lakers vs. Who The Fuck Cares ” this is why I watch it on Altitude :)
your birthdays in december.
Back from Mexico!
I wish it would of never ended :(
this pens game is just depressing
I am real sorry! We looveyou
Why sell a rape whistle in the U.S.? Hannity could argue, because Americans are rapist. bad ppl prey on OWS camps
sorry I made them for Ronald . Lol . I'm making more this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Congrats to , into the semis of mixed doubles at the US Open! Impressive.
Im terrible with directions. Dont attempt to tell me how to get there, just give me your address. Happy Birthday, btw.
Nickel may look good but it is a very poor conductor (only 15% conductivity). Wireworld uses zero nickel by design for superior sound.
I declare today #lazysunday. This means you will find me laying on the couch or reclining in my Poang chair w/ book & or
hmm wonder what changed their minds
you're like victoria secret and they're like walmart women's lingerie
O Yeah i got a casting call for bad girls club im so excitied..
ha ha not as a right now ;-)
How ya doin?
shout out!!! To the baddest dude at marquee lv and the NHL!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!
Thanks! Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
ITS A BUNCH OF DUMMY'S ON THE WESTSIDE SO YEA THEY WILL FIND IT.
Nerding out over the new Nike NFL jerseys!!! 3rd jersey for the ? Where do l line up!?!?
I hope I get this car.
"Believe!" - Rob Mitchell
Watching "Marley". Recommended by
unless you're me. Such is the force of my will.
RT : Instead of #prayingforjapan which solves nothing how about donating money
Just sent off a grant check -- sending the kids at Frontier Middle School on a college day trip. BFT supporters, pat yourself on the back.
Boy:"why do you wear a bra?..you don't have anything to put in it......." Girl:"you wear pants don't you?"
Good luck boo!
To succeed, you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. ~ Tony Dorsett
Thank heavens for Trader Joes!
Get well soon
baseball fans any suggestions for my next baseball trip next summer? I've been to Fenway,Pitts,Balt,Minny,Detroit and Cinn,Cleve,and Toronto
it isn't that hard to remember to eat. Should be part of your everyday routine.
I am NOT saying anything about a part of the country that eats bacon-fat GRAVY on BREAKFAST, but Dollywood=extreme example.
Hey lady who left me!!
I'd love a bourbon vacation about now, but Vodka doesn't have any Carbs.
Sexy ;D
Hey um. Can I have my porn back?
WEEK Ten. How are your papers coming? Free coffee and donuts outside of 6339 Bunche (NCHS).
Congrats and his fiancée on the birth of their kid!!
Drinking smoothies and Layin on the couch chillin .....yawn
You guys might want to watch a broadcast. Both #Nats and #Orioles broadcasts are great.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you
A lot can happen in one minute
Success is predictable. - Brian Tracy
I love what I see !! Keep it up!
it wasn't the last season
Rushers Rock (:
indeed! miss you! ox
Workbridge Internet is down which means no mail either :( call if you need us 2152090100.
Hope you guys used protection! Har har.
Princeton I Wish You Come Back To New York I Miss You /:
We felt it over here, too.
JB please come even here in india .........
if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. There is so much to see/do/eat/drink.
#sanpedro i had a great day of running & walking for charity. 2300 people turned out to Conquer the Bridge on Labor Day
Please do not ignore me. I love u so much
what function returns the current taxonomy term for a tax archive page in wordpress?
thats too bad. still a good show. but carrie bugs me with how dramatic she gets damn women
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound at 360
My wife saw that I was out of creamer and had a coupon at hand. This is how most of my troubles tend to start.
Thanks! took that last Sunday at the celebrity softball jam. Good time!
Today, be available for opportunities that speak to your ultimate goals, not just short term.
you're the man! Have a blast. Miss that place.
Farewell show is coming up. It's gunna be a party and we want YOU there! April 9th Murray hill theatre. See ya there!!
Time to start this day. I have shit to do and stupid to fight.
23464! See: Norfolk Naval Operations Base, Oceana Naval Air Station, Little Creek Amphib Base, Old Dominion University...
Don't tell me what I should be doing when you can't even follow your own advice .
and it's true I feel lost without you tonight, but bedtimes in 2 1/2hrs cuz I'm old
Never let anyone bring you down
Merry Christmas!
I'll consider today a success if I can find my months-long-lost Rosetta Stone cds. The apartment is only so big, it's somewhere!!
I'M SELLING 2 TICKETS TO THE JUNE 9, 2012 CONCERT IN VEGAS, FACE VALUE. TWEET ME IF YOURE INTERESTED, AND PLEASE RT SO PEOPLE KNOW.
You don't owe anybody anything but your own happiness. #MyGuidingLight :)
you should find food and then let me know where you find it >.> cause I'm hungry too
Big News Coming soon..........I think you will "like" it. Stay tuned
I'm excited about men's basketball again!
#ca2011 I'm unable to watch the Copa America on my IPAD
So cold. Glad I'm not a dog and can pee inside. Poor Oscar.
Congrats! : It's official, I'm moving to Marketing and Public Affairs!
Thanks for the RT. My sister had her surgery 12-9 and was doing great and 6 days ago she has a perforated intestine
There's nothing like the joy I felt when my son tested my game.
Lol I'm mad lonely n shit. left me hangin n shit dis crazy. I new it thoe. Time to go out wit my niqqas
really? what's the third?
- great PORK BELLY BANH MI today!!! Loved it!
No problem. Just emailed you.
Thanks! Can't wait to all reunite next weekend
Hotlanta. No kidding.
Question: does the Time Magazine breast feeding toddler article mention ToMo's Song of Solomon??
They Time Is Money, I Don't Have Ether One For Y'all Sorry A$$
A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf. Everybody touches it but nobody wants it.
i need 13 beers
PhD English candidate forgets to use "also" in the structure "not only, but ALSO"
Good, how about you?! I missed your message from a month or so ago :-(. We need to catch up.
im going 2 the concert in san diego 8/16/12.can u plz tell me were they r gonna have any cd singings or anything like that plz
packing, packing, moving soon....leaving this neighborhood will be like molting: shedding a dirty, uncomfortable exoskeleton and moving on.
I hear you on the allergies. This wind and dust don't help matters either.
Totally not understanding Bledsoe at 18. Maybe DC to Indy, somehow getting Granger?
xD i'm like that with so many groups ;_; its sad
Every man needs two women, a quiet home-maker, and a thrilling nymph!! :))
RT Thought I was calling HarperCollins about a permission...nope, definitely called a singles hotline by accident//Good work!
I liked!!!
Alera Ravino Big &amp; Tall Series High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
up to 8 cars & like 3 sidewalk people.
#Netflix stock up. Talk that it is a buyout target. Kind of like MySpace. PO the customers, suck the money out & sell. Suckers.
San Antonio and OKC....Western Conference final
Imperfect people make better friends.
Sometimes you have amazing weeks as a business. This has definitely been one of them. :)
dude were in th U.S. that is what we do as americans
it's alright it just means ur unique
And it looked like the golfer wanted us to get off the field!
thank you for the follow, we hope to meet you one day.
: So what u waiting for ...u wanna get to know this better or we gone just tweet bou it all day ....
Come on stony brook make it a 5 pt game at the half for me
I never blow dry my own hair. I've literally pulled muscles doing it.
Break time. The QA session should prove to be very lively.
Piling on with all of the other hipsters in wishing "Painter of Light" good riddance.
It's something I need to understand by doing even if it won't be my focus. Just haven't been able to devote attention yet.
hahaha awww he actually looks normal in this pic!!!
same here!
I got a leather one, they're adorable but not obnoxious like 'LOOK AT MY COACH BAG!!!!!!'
The most painful household incident is wearing socks and stepping on an upturned plug. Whats your's
Love is missing someone whenever you're apart, but somehow feeling warm inside because you're close in heart.
"Secret to gaining millions of twitter & facebook followers!... Do something worth following!" — DJohnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
Power take lead 48-41 with :50 left on the clock
thanks so much ;) <----------- Follow these guys!!! Great Nola updates and good news ;)
RACK RACK CITY BISH
Awesome! Looks GREAT - so different from yesterday. :)
also we would like at least 1 month refund because of wasted time and lost productivity. I haven't been able to work
I rather see u on mike @ Molly it's not very nice here in the east raining sleeting only 33 degrees have a good evening night
Above the belt & in the dirt are both called 3rd strikes in today's #Phillies game.
Nat Geo ‘Expert’ poking a squid. Squid tries to bite him & expert says, “WOW, IT’S LIKE THIS THING HAS A MIND OF IT’S OWN!” What an asshole.
me to
A buddy of mine is working with ESPN today. You are standing up?
Night Mel
World Cup Soccer Starting in 1 Week! First match will be Friday at 7am with South Africa vs Mexico.
Any team that beats the Blazers in round one wins the championship...just saying....
Happy national metal day on VH1 Classic!
wonder what happens on an actual road trip - ewwwwwwwwww! Lol
the awkward moment when people don't recognize u.
It is not taboo!! Lol hysterical
Oh, that's a cute name hehe. My name is Alyssa.
Can't wait. But gonna install you on Linux this weekend then maybe windows.: TileMill is coming to Windows in just a few weeks!"
Darci also requested that you get one of those cute male nurses for her. :) Feel better soon!
Thinks Luke's chili tastes better the second day!
RT if u agree....SPORTS = a thrill,an addiction,a 1st love u never have to get over, a craving, happiness multiplied - SPORTS JUNKIES UNITE!
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3
Happy Birthday(:
Ahh I can't wait to see you!
Can't sleep, so I offered McCann for Hosmer in fantasy since I already have Lucroy and Montero. Possible I suppose. Though, he be an idiot.
Canned produce just as good as fresh produce?
Apparently, the Holidays 2011 means gifting a lot of things to.... MYSELF (okay okay, i did donate to charities too)
#ICantStandPeopleWho take you for granted
Take that back, BetenCOURT! Sorry, I ever doubted you.
That's what we like to hear! RT Sweatiest non bikram class ever at South Miami, but felt so good!
Just booked our tickets for in London, July 2012. Woop woop! :-)
Happy Birthday Austin! we're finally the same age! (:
Error: Page Not Found. Well go find it, I need Tumblr.
I enjoyed that. :-)
One Direction is coming to my city alreadyy!! Lol everyones over here fangirling...
This movie is trippy af :o
O's win! First place is ours!
i don't understand this drug talk
Thats hilarious a girl that dudes only wanna date becuz of her ass wanna talk crap. Bhahahahah hillarious
I agree!
Final #Alliclass this morning in a little over an hour.
Nuts neighbour is running air conditioner right now! Really? Open a window, you pinhead!!
I jus realized that I got a bigass head!
Ur legal now! Woohoo! Happy 21ST BIRTHDAY! Have the best one EVER! NOW U CAN HAVE THOSE DRINKS. LOVE YOU & ENJOY! TALK ...
“A teacher who loves learning earns the right and the ability to help others learn.” Ruth Beechick
Right back at ya xoxo
Let employees amplify their emergent strengths. Avoid top down visions and new policies. Change the institutional structure.
I most defiantly do not. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> your the only one that does.
--> RT : Dont have phone sex. You might get hearing aids. LOL
because we're amazing
for ! plays him on.
Can you please follow me?
#2011icf Intuition can help you focus&get unstuck. It can help you decide which next step to take. Which choice has the most vitality?
Just finished my "magnum opus" but can't figure out what I need to do to make it marketable. Plus, Word crapped out on me again.
#10hotpeopleIfollow FOLLOW HIM! He's soo freaking nice! & fun to talk to!
If you missed it late last night: NEW POST: Does 'Specialty Coffee' have an image problem? bit.ly/nbBhwI
how was the show? First one I've missed in a long long time
Did I mention the office space I have in Old Town is a historic building and there is gated secure parking & relaxing courtyard 4801602
i could write you a symphony
Goodmorning...."When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. "
Just found out a guy almost died from a lifesaver candy....I'm sorry now that's just... Yeah.
Me and my hoes gone get locked up for mob action after school.
Leaping houses in my special shoes.
": ": Someone grab me a shirt!!! #clippers".....Fuck your punk ass shirt" lmfao
"Don't flash anyone I wouldn't flash."...I give good life advice on during spring break & doing my part to help our youth.
Well, we knew that was coming.
Ever seen 10,000 tulips? That's how many we have blooming outside in the Sunken Garden! Don't miss a spectacular view!
hahaha #paper!!!! I hope I didn't leave my light on again lol
I meant to put *state
to bad u lost
Why are we giving away possession so easily all of a sudden
agh i hate u..go again lol
"the Easter bunny is a jerk and a thief" -Lauren
Get Off My Top!
thanks for NOT having my back!
omfg same but your profile picture is really great :3
The nba needs to fast foward to the playoffs
I will! Tomorrow is a little crazy and Thursday I have 3 finals. But I will come say bye right before I leave
I'm sorry but I love the album Lulu.Especially on vinyl. Sue me.The new George Harrison Early Takes Vol. 1 is great too.
I can't believe I get 16 free wallets!
Time to get some lunch. I'm thinking the lunch of champions with the most awesome of foods; the
Thank you Jenks Public Schools for listening to parents and changing the bus routes to a safe location for our kids.
aww yay! we love Captiain America!!!! and we love #LACancerChallenge.. any costume ideas??
Shoots....He Scores!
up in the air as of now. But hitting up #Miami for #ultramusicfestival2012!!!
ya ikr...soo hows us without me? :P my class is so easy all we do is watch movies and like stare at powerpoints lol(:
Thinking about the fact that two of my all-time favorite movies, "The Parent Trap" and "The Magnificent Seven," turn 50 this year.
I thought it was a can anyway. Looking at it again, it might be cardboard. Whatever, it's still cool
In a chocolate chip cookie coma.....
Hahaha "well it doesnt taste like that" Ew thank God we're done with that. I miss you so much! Tell evryone i say hi:)
I had the craziest dream last night. Real real crazy man.
In Hamden, CT. shows and battles comin up soon! follow the leader...
anyone feels like giving me a gift lol - I am gladly accepting punching bags!!! <boom><boom><boom>
no ma'am I dnt think they were twins
Sellout! Just kidding, keep up the good work at the new gig!
has updated their site. you can now listen to all of their broadcasts including our #1Favorite where we talk
Hm. Scottish Breakfast tea is a lot stronger than Russian Country tea.
haha funny you asked. I once bought an iron from two italian guys only cause they were so good lookin, only to find out....
Would you like to know what one document the seller has, that you must review before you can make a rational purchase decision? 702-245-7227
For the record, I stole "upsetting" from you. It's an instant classic. I can't stop saying it. Hearts for Moon snark.
I dunno if I'm more offended or confused why it's pertinent to women in 2012, but whatevs. I got a chainsaw in the mail today.
What makes something impossible? It became impossible when you called it that. Note to self: 'Change the way I think'
hey - pretty sure that one of the dudes from has out-hairdo'd you...
#3WordsForYou You're pretty cute
#SXSWi has passed, and we've already plowed way ahead and are finalizing the visual design for Storypress. Stay tuned!
Big thanks to the multiple #ffs I received today. I've barely been on this week and to my suprise my followers took a leap. Fun.
They taking forever in this nail place
WTF!!! Catch the damn ball!
My 92 year old grandma is staying up later than me tonight. I'm cool.
If you think it's time for us to have new music, comment this status stating your favorite dessert.
This GUY Farts EVERYDAY &&laughs about it !!! <U+E40C><U+E40C><U+E40C><U+E40C><U+E40C><U+E40C>
Also, I think I am abusing My article backlog is intense.
She says i know you changed i never see you cuz youre always busy doing things...
aww thank you you just made my day....
Sunday tourney doubled early
Good morning errrbodi...omw to the hospital again after that car accident...
we'd love to! :-D RT : you and should come to chapel hill, nc ASAP... Or Wilmington! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I will, and let me know when u r in LA next time so we can catch up
"The words you'll most regret are the ones that are left unsaid."
Did I mention my new fave twitter app is twicca? Clean, has all the bells and whistles I need, including color coding specific tweeps.....
I miss my lady
Tape it! Looks like this is only broadcast scheduled for now. Also available on DVD with 15% off until May 21
Went to #TheContainerStore with what seemed like 17,000 fellow shoppers. Business thriving on
So a glass of wine and cuddle up in my bed alone, movie night all night...
I saw your web page great job. beautiful headshots. You're a funny girl great comedic timing:)
OMG my man would never let me play her. He'd rather jump out a moving car.
Stupid butt lips. Are they trying to be Bing or something?
To look for a home with an in-unit air conditioning or swim in my sweat, forever -- that is the question.
You know when you ve gone for a girl who s abit too young when you ve got to make the train noise to get your C
Agreed to review an article resubmission that I voted to reject the first time around - staying open-minded. Please be better...
Q2: My mechanic treats me like preschool show and tell... which is exactly what I need.
Out of 180 questions, I can only miss 50. *gulp*
hi missy!! Good to see you here
If you still don't have plans for Saturday, please join us at the The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce golf tournament!
LOCAL honey can relieve sinus problems due to allergy. Even better, if you know which plants allergic to, get that honey. Wildflower is good
thanking the great people for the FF love
Cannot wait to see Cat Country listeners at Pensacola Beach this weekend! Toes in the water, fanny in the sand!
Polo i got horse power
Bubbles Baths always make everything ok
I just got April fooled-_-
E! News just played clip and talked about new music video"Role Model" feat/
Good to hear!
Woke up this with a block on my shoulder... failure is not option..
Love to remove all the unfollowers if you follow just to get me to follow don't waste your time I #unfollow just as fast
Don’t reject a story idea because the topic feels too private....
J! whats ur email? Or private msg me..
oh happy birthday cuzz
Is anyone I know going to MCDM's panel next week?
Omg I love thunder<3 it's like my sleeping medicine lol
Hell yeah i be kickin coo shit ;)
Make sure ur at ma B DAY PARTY THIS SATURDAY AT CLUB PLATIINUM 425 river st ,ooff lake in charlotte,rochester NY
I wonder if tweets his fans back or has a hired tweeterer
when niggas making moves out dea?
It really sucks I couldn't attend your concert today with my mom for mothers day because of my sprained ankle
In God's strength, it's amazing how you can turn from, " I can't do this." to "I can do ALL things."
sharing user context is what tracking cookies and mobile identifier exploits are seeking
Show tonight at Willowbrook for youth. Pray for souls and pray I get to feeling better! :)
All access conferenc. culture happens by default or by design
TWURKIN'B ON MY NEW SONG STAY VAMPIRE LIKE CUZ A QUEEN IZ DEFINITELY THIRSTY 4 SUCCESS! FOLLOW CREAM OR SWALLOW CREAM...
i Love jonny rockets #YUMMY plz reply
They didn't deserve that
Taylor was like the sound of nails scratching on a chalkboard. kanye will dedicate to his mother maybe?
like police brutality is just black ppl resisting arrest; that type of mentality still exists
mice/mouses rodent/GUI device. No idea why I felt the need to contribute this.
The noises that come out of my mouth when I see a spider are so impressive to me. It's like I momentarily speak gorilla.
saw at Blossom music Center in Ohio!
Today is National Margarita Day. It's not even 11am yet and I already feel like I need a few!
Up next, as the cheesecake digests, Battledecks!
MLB should just accept the loss and move on. We know it disagrees with the Braun decision.
Thanks for the comment!
Afta I get done watchin LaLa imma watch Nightmare On Elm Street 2 and wait for my baby ta get home :}
Happy Mother's Day Cassandra!
So how safe is the #insanity workout for people who suffer from asthma?
100% Chance of Rain? I love it when the weather man is wrong. Got a 2 and half hour ride outside today. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the hottest rocker ever!(; I love you
Looking for meeting space for your charity board, club or organization. Shoot us a DM! We’d love to help.
I KNOW RIGHT?!
can i take a vacation from life?
Your wife should be writing for SNL.
"...and we find it must be passed by in silence and that its bitterness must be drunken alone.”
Sitting here with my lil sis trying to find somthing to do. What to do what to do ?
… "Social engagement is what provides the foundations for language.” - Peter Hobson
Thanks 4 the RT…Love what you’re doing to elevate the #arts & #artsed in #Chicago…also loved your magic mole @ #Cascabel :-)
Watch the throne was simply amazing last night, by far the best concert I been to in recent memory.
How do I find Mad Dogg Spinning studios in NYC? Indoor cycling in this town is full of contraindicated moves. Help, please!
Lets go baby RT : Let's go Celtics! #Boston ????
If people would bleed monsters id be a vampire
RT : An attitude is like a flat tire you can't go anywhere until you change it.
#FLAPanthers get two goals in the 2nd and now just trail 3-2 to the #NJDevils. Great period for the Cats. Should be a wild final 20 minutes!
Native American Kids Need you. Visit Http://www.pineridgechildrensvillage.com and donate a used coat to someone who needs it.
often caught up in confusion & need a dissolution. they tell me the solution is get through the illusion im living ..
gotta get out there & hustle 4 Wat u want....
Nail shop flow
you're such a badass!! Call me :)
Wish more people would take this to heart! "...don't you ever NOT recognize YOURSELF in somebody else..." -Dr. Vega
Looking forward to meeting with single tenant net lease developers
yep! radio doesn't close in Denver either!! -AJ
I miss you to!
. is this new handle your Jersey Shore name?
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives. Viktor Frankl -
Slap "Mike The Incident"
Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
So nice of the #BPL to schedule this Arsenal v Newcastle game so close to my knee surgery.
I don't have high standards when it comes to women but if you have a fupa, get the fuck away from me.
Technology moves banking to the small stores where people already go in poor countries, mob phones take it furtherance plc 2 save
Lets rock out with my c*ck out lol.
Forms are filled out, syllabus has been read and you've picked out your favorite seat. 1st week down. Hope it's been a good one!
RT : Good morning #Bartab fans!! Who's ready for this #Monday? Yeah me neither lol
Just made reservations for ! Super excited to try Paul's place!
RocLyfe Ent. (Where Music Becomes Legendary)
Two more days until our Grand Opening at Navy Pier!
It's true! RT : We hear again & again that is #Cincy's #bestkeptsecret. RT this tweet to spread the word!
DESIGN IS KEY: Most people who enter an Apple store leave w/o buying anything yet feel 100% satisfied -- at
you too!!!
all you can eat salad and breadsticks!
Did you know that Americans eat 60.4 lbs. of chicken a year? Why not make it 60 lbs. of Chick-fil-A?
I've heard the rumor that some Starbucks here have applied for a liquor license… so there is hope :-)
"crushing weight of the world, stronger than all the racks and wheels which the cowardly invent to crush out the miracle of personality."
Okay #Sears repair guy. Feel free to call at any time now. I was told you'd call BEFORE the time window to give me a more accurate ETA.
It's been an hour and 45 minutes! This was supposed to take 5 minutes! AH *shoots everyone in here*
What's that? Salsa at The Marquee Lounge starting February 18th?? Free?
Awesome! Polar Bears amaze me! And the hood is beautiful:)
We worked hard today in #JOUR1550 and and I only have a little left to do and put that Weebly page together!
Lebronnnnn! He's comin for that ring!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
RT "Social media is like air. It should flow through anything and everything and completely." ~ -...
Thanks, Amanda!
simply laying down the facts. We are a better team obviously. Thus there are reasons why we lost
We are doing a blog post on aligning students, teachers and parents and would love to quote you, would that be OK?
You can't say "Pink Visual" on the radio?
We're gonna rock our purple while we volunteer at State Fair today!! Can't wait to see my second fam!
The world is waiting to see you! Lets get you seen! #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
it would be hard to do many theatre and art classes online, except for theory&history I think. Tho again, maybe I'm inside the box
Same ol shit. Jus a difrnt day. It prolly won't change... So imma change how I deal wit it.
Ohmigosh please teach me when you do! I am curious about Arduino, but I have no idea where to start.
There needs to be a country singer with the last name Ditry.
what're your intentions while you're here?
I'm single. You're single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here?
thank you for the support!
Friday Question: Who was nick-named the "King of Rockabilly"??
Q: What would you do if you would have won the lottery? Where would you be right now?
"Studying" with :)
Think we got the brush off
#NowWatching #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER Hello from Baltimore, MD! love the Chapmans! Missed you guys!
Teary eyed sweet mothers day texts aw I feel so lived and appreciated right nw and after the last 6mnths thts wt I rly wanted to feel
#HappyBirthdayRobertPattinson same day with me.. haha :D
#gobeavs NW Sports tonight will replay the final four minutes of the OSU/WASH game at 7:45
Truly enjoying 's songwriting and performing in recapping the #HBDemo presentations!
#Libya #Tripoli Just heard --- #Gaddafi has switched sides. He was seen waving a green flag and carrying off loot.
I hate when I fix a problem without having a clue what I did to fix it!
I don't like news that the OCCUPY MOVEMENT or those involved are braking windows throwing bottles burning flags or trying 2 insight riots
I don't think the Lakers are losing another game until November. This just in....
Mom's Day: My poor mom fell taking the dog outside (she probably shouldn't have been wearing my 7yo nephew's shoes!) Thankfully she's ok!
I fall in love with girls aught up with superficial glamour, who dress like Sarah Jessica, and live like Princess Diana.
Never mind the screaming child was brought back home.
Go Pistons! RT: Pistons and heat tonight? I'm on it!
Definitely! There's nothing booked yet, but I'm sure we'll be down there soon for sure!
If the end times come, I have enough yarn for 5 sweaters, but no bottled water and only a week's worth of food.
So stared at the menu for like 5 minutes and then orders onion rings....#why lolol.
Weeding my #librarything account in preparation for #LIS415. Haven't used it in a while!
#808Pride stick n stones might break my bones but words will never heart me...bull words hurt and so do ppl
In all the games today, no one had more than 7 assists.
IME, if you just keep up the routine, as they get older you can start to hold them accountable for doing it at home.
RIGHT ON! RT: For most technologyMakes things easier. For people w.disabilities, technologymakes thingsPossible
If you are impatient, sit down quietly and commune with Job..
Milwaukee I'm home!
well you are the #Lioness you usually get what you want...hope you make the game!
thank you
Just watched this. Great video but not sure what I think just yet.
That would make an awesome lawn ornament!
fair enough, what color would you like your ear & belly button ? lmao !
“: not u shawty”just making sho.!!
Thinking of while listing to Up!. Lol
I havent gone completely insane but i think it might happen soon
You're tweeting code, buddy. :-)
Please, be mine again :(
Come watch play at #Frubble in #SanDiego #Santee ! They play at 8pm!
If he starts dating her I'm deleting everything !
Oh hello, mister. Good to see you back. And yes OMG. I don't even know what to say, it was too ridiculous.
of course they do
- "Cracker Jack" lol
RT : Who wants to win Bruce Springsteen tickets? Come to Knighthawks Legends Night at Thurs Night!
IBR is saving my life!!
Ignite Your Growth filling up-sign up now for Social media session-www.tgignite.com
How late am I gonna be up with this first round? Lord.
where's and ?
You probably shouldn't be ungrateful in any way and you should probably learn to be a better person
did you guys hear about Dirk Diggler from boogie nights? Yeah, he finally came back to Miami for the 15th time
THIS WEEKEND >
lesson this wk jumps to year 3?
thanks for the follow totally dig your flea market pics on FB
Awesome finally meeting up! Next time in zero-g???
Isn't she pretty Truly the angel's best Boy I'm so happy We have been heaven blessed-Stevie Wonder
I Kno Right , This My Favorite Song Too . . Lol :)
hell yea
The store called it "dark chocolate cran raisin trail mix." I'm calling it heaven.
The level of customer service @ a 5-star hotel should be the goal of any customer service operation. Even manuscript repositories.
And it's late. How is that possible? It's on rails! The magic is already gone, shiny new T, all ready gone.
are you at school?
working on some real etsy orders. Yay! thank you everyone!
The last few mornings I have been playing with the puppy instead of going to the gym. I think I made the right decision. :)
Had a good night :)
If you find your self in a dark place of the soul. Remember your soul is bright like the Sun. Smile and shine
Oh, I see. Jared Teter lol.
im praying everything is okay<3 hopefully it'll be better tomorrow...
Just got back from 920mile trip to OBX (Outter Banks) NC. Shot estimate 5000 photos! Holy moly.
Hey! Just doing fun homework
So glad you enjoyed your visit! No Baltimore locations planned, but we are always looking to expand! We'll pass ur suggestion along!
norm hitzges is losing his mind on Lamar Odom....he needs to be checked.
Ok the songs done fuck add came on
haha, this is awesome.
Yeah the database decided to take a vacation and apparently my monitoring isn't working as well as I thought it was. Sorry!
I think so lol
#GodBlessAmerica been watching September 11 shows on the history channel all day. Depressingg. #NeverForget <3
If I Die Tomorrow print out the letters I wrote to the boys and give them to them. bury me with my CD, iPod & posters. that is all xx
You can customize t-shirts with whatever you would like to.
hey, free promo, haha im flattered
Looks like its back now. Havent tested but will on Wed and respond.
Public domain is the rule, copyright protection is the exception.
his name is Henry Rowengartner
please follow back Madison I'm not gonna give up!(:
So shouldn't you have posted that in 19 hours? :D
bahahahaha i know! It's so perfect!
I'm going with Drive. But also LOVE Beginners. Both personal favs tho haven't seen Take Shelter or Descendants yet.
Not what I wanted to hear Jeff. Your web site is awesome. Did you do it yourself?
mike smith's job needs to be in question after repeatedly making bad 4th down decisions in multiple games this year
Lol.. they jus dnt get it... I dnt give a fucc about yo money so u can stop and move it on along. Lol shit
is SO gorgeous. I'm so jealous!
Great quote. “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
Hey *blushes*
FYI: Visualization tools like hypnosis can work wonders!
you're lucky not all of us are tweeting you from that boston directioner group! haha there's 231 of us
I see you used the typical spelling correction defense which is normally used when you're too stupid to think of anything else
Gotta give it to ur haterz... Theyre great at consistency
Good morning San Diego and happy Thursday! One more day to go before the weekend!
LAKERS WIN!! [88 - 87] OT HELL YEAH! MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD!! LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords. WOOHOO! #TeamL ...
This Bitch can't teach
why'd he have to eat the brownies and chocolate cake he was doing so well!
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I love hearing it on Sirius!
Glad to know surgery went well!
You are so sweet! How's SF treatin' you?
thanks i am following you back
Sheree Whitfield leaving ‘Real Housewives of Atlanta’ Sheree Whitfield is moving out of the house. The “Real Housewives of Atlant
aren't you cool lmao I wasn't fit to go at all
getting more action on than any other driver... Thanks for the on track commentary Brad!
Hope everyone gets some REST tonight!!!!!!!! GREAT WEEKEND EVERYONE!!!!! Thank you SO much for enjoying it with us!
ND:Elena is still holding on to her love and the idea of what she remembers to be the perfect relationship that she had with Stefan
I can't wait for "who needs miami" party tonight !!! Going to be sick
I wish it was like this all the time
So creepy! (But awesome)
this is actually from 'm running his account! Thanks for the RT :)
I endorsed Clarence Hui on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
These stupid fucks are straight talking not whispering about pills in front of the teacher
My dog does not love me anymore uh uh
RT Wouldn't be a Fox telecast without Ryan Demspter's stupid Harry Caray impression.
damn that's awesome, would love to hear NoFX
so apparently our new thing is not talking.i guess i have to play along.
four teams in the sweet 16 are from Ohio. Great stuff!
time to occupy a jail cell
The Fellini of Anime. Satoshi Kon, creator of Paranoia Agent and Paprika passed today. I was a huge fan and this is a big loss.
Obtained two rain barrels for our garden!
March 18th = me being on in Orlando!!! Can't wait for
NBC 7 Investigation reveals potentially damaging information about Arizona cop who accuses SDPD officers of misconduct. Tonight at 11.
Me too re: the mint chocolate malt balls at #pii2012! my fitness tracker on is going to score me poorly lol
good luck! you can do it!
Just because YOU say I benefited doesn't mean I benefited.
ohmygod if you followed me I'd cry tears of joy :'3 you're so incredible :)!
Low key evening of pizza from Noah's followed by some delicious cookie dough ice cream and a movie.
Thank you! RT : thanks for the Reed lows. You guys are sick!
i guess the world will neva know...
Too funny!
Oh, the things I must do! Can't wait for this weekend, but still have tons to get done!
Bout to make poppa a cake and make sum angel food candy ;)
Evaluating LoadComplete 2.5 Beta to see if any of my 2.0 enhancement reqs are addressed there.
Get your #creative juices flowing: drawastickman.com Thanks to for sharing.
": H A T E R S = Having Anger Towards Everyone Reaching Success."
West Marine Six10 epoxy is cured. Ready to finish sanding and get ready for bottom paint this weekend!
another good day on the recruiting front at Talking to smart people is such a rush.
E watching a scary movie:/
LMAO your so desperate you have no one since you left
what's wrong! ?
uck enough already, I never knew a cold could be so bad for so long :/
Fun to analzye the rhetoric of Blackboard vs. the rhetoric of Moodle in
- Thanks for following me!
I'm at a pay phone trying to call home.
i wanted to keep my prom ticket!! some ppl kept theirs but no lady didnt let me!!
At the concert... Rick Ross on stage now killen em.
lol oh yeah i changed it. didnt want people from school finding it haha how much money should we bring tomorrow and also can
do u still go to Shiloh
My guinea pig has drinking problems. She learned from the best. ;)
just checking in. Would love some feedback from the dropbox when you get a chance. Check out Two Weeks of Peaks on WEW.
#fake1Dquotes I hate girls who eat carrots.
calm down julia
Pandora bracelets should be a signature accessory. Asking it as a gift<U+E112>
Embracing (and loving) the dark side.
About to clean up & work out. God give me strength. Lbs. I'm so tired.
the award is we found a table and didn't have to stand
Interesting schedule this week: new biz lunch, growth club and road trip down to Baja.
Did you have fun at the game yesterday?
RT if you like tha rap name Young KRhymes! K + Rhymes, pronounced Crimes. R E T W E E T!!!
RT : As we grow in wisdom, we pardon more freely. - Madame de Stael
$99/mo for live receptionist phone answering? Includes appoinment scheduling, order processing, phone/fax numbers and more!
What up boy you still balling
Signed 6 tracks today..... SUMMER RELEASE!!!!!!!!! SERIOUS
Woah. I'm so glad that and are cool.
Packing for the move!!!
I am so happy austin followed me on my personal account yesterday<3
Worry about your character, not your reputation. Your character is who you are and your reputation is what others think you are.
still looking for a few more sponsors.
Busy day today as we continue with shoots for added footage and mtgs this afternoon with sound houses. Still much to do....
NSF Cyberlearning and workforce development need to adjust our 21st century educational approaches
thanks hunny bunny!!!
but your so cool now
Word of the day to say out loud: delectable. via
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible...
I just realized.....I don't like ANY OF YALL!!! o_0
not weird at all! (: <3 everyone has their own opinion. <3
10 minute trainer challenge starts Dec. 18th! 2 more spots left. Message me if you're in :)
I can probably do the same. If we edit it to cut scenes, people might think that we didn't one take it either. I can do it though.
dont hate you know you be eating them rite with him
Off to listen to graduate conference papers -- they look to be a good bunch.
Sorry, Violet's never leaving the house...good times Also Tate v. Dad fight scene...perfect! Guess I'm a sicko
dude thanks so much dude!! We appreciate you listening brother!
you are all set
thank you
No pre Concussion tests can prevent brain injuries in football. Only preventing the behavior that causes concussions can.
It was a tough 15th Spiritual Birthday,but it's been said:a bad day in the Kingdom of God is much better then the best day in the world!-MOD
I'm getting server errors. Is this a known problem?
Dear Prius driver: BTW yelling at me for the dent in your hood when you hit me, the runner, after you ran the stop sign was a bit arrogant.
What happened?!
It only hurts when you start pretending that it doesn't.
If it's meant to be, it will happen. That's my motto.
Derek is right. Collaboration sucks.
your gonna love it! Its awesome. Now your only decision is to sit at the counter on the "cafe" side or in the great bar area.
I uploaded a song earlier this week, "Freakin' Out"... would love to know what you think! :o)
sweet man ill check every day :D
really! She is!? Good
I work all fucking weekend & I'm kinda really bent about it. I'm almost 21 wtf I look like working all weekend?
work all day!
french horn is the new steel drum.
It's been a while since I've been in the grandfather paradox. Time to open the gate & jump in.
Great, I got everyone mad at me /:
I'm like a strategic sniper...inserting creativity from the bushes...
I really liked the post today, dude. Good stuff
Congrats to Random House for screwing over libraries with crazy price increases and delusional ideas of perpetuity. Come on, guys
#global #warming sounds too nice. We should call it climathya! via
Tasty News: Amazing burger recipes in June issue of SD/Home Garden
Thank you!! I was having fun! That's what it's all about! :)
R.I.P. Notorious B.I.G.
No fainting tho, success! RT : Hunger Games was one intense movie. My heart was pounding beginning to end.
It's Candice's birthday?! Well happy birthday I love you! #TeamVampireBarbie :)
Purified - Of Mice & Men
I look like a giant baby with a hat.
Thanks, I'll check it out.
You need to focus on the positives, Gary. Like, um...OK, well...gimme a second. You know what? Never mind. We suck.
I love U & thanks for your support!
I'm addicted to work and money!!
Disappointed to be sidelined by illness. Really wanted to start 2012 with some serious dance practice. Shooting for next week!
I'm sure Walter can't help but be a fucking asshole, but I'm just tired.
Playing tonight at hotel angeleno with Sharon Marie Cline, Luca Ellis, Ryan Cross, and old pal Lorca Hart! 9-12, sunset fwy.
Dirty hit by a dirty player on a (surprisingly) classless team that I actually had a lot of respect for before this series began
Is a "Strict Muslim" one who reads the Koran?
"Emily Gets Instagram, In Time For Bacchanal"
at work in pain i need a man to rub my stomach morgan being a ass today or smething i ate
#ShoutOut to my new follower
only if you make the orange line and 34 better
Thanks for following us. Love your background!
Thanks for the mentions, the like and the well wishes, neighbor. Happy New Year to you and your family as well!
happy birthday
Glad you liked it. ;) Launching the site for real in a few days. And lots more to come.
Falling asleep to "Ever After".... Love this movie so much even though I always cry....I want to be in a film like this
#Twitter change/rearrangement surprised me! Disoriented now. Just another challenge that will soon pass. How's it working for you?
Why is religion always so long?
investors wanted for my boys new website www.arhenetwork.com
PipelineFX's Releases ArtistView GUI for Qube! - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
my dad and I are planning our escape from my graduation so we can go to Putnamville instead #ftw <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Look for your audience by searching for groups that are directly related to your product or service.
we have one waiting for u. Its getting warm
I've seen both, and while I do like both...I don't know how you're qualifying "most interesting performances."
that ur a newbie ? Lol j.k no what do u mean?! Lol
Ha! At least 'Jared' or 'Jarred' Weaver isn't trending
...I want to listen to that song. Lol
WITH. THE. WORST. NEWS. OF. MY. LIFE.
We just got a ping pong table, all right #Denver startups, be prepared for some competition ;)
Thanks for the Retweet!
yay! you got a twitter! :)
thanks for the mention RT : #Nf If you live or study in Baltimore, you should too.
fell on my butt twice that mess hurt and one highschooler said daayyym lmao
Thanks for the review!
Happy Easter everyone!!!!!! :) god bless you all!!!!
he's moving to Miami!
you should like --> text me.
It's crazy to see how far has come in the past few years! Tonight was definitely one of the best concerts I've been to.
thanks Scott!
Reality Television; the kiss of death for an acting career.
I think modeling goes a way. Takes a long time to start a grassroots movement. But it can happen.
Life goes on!!!
Welcome to my dear Miss Amy! Family rocks! : ) Love you!
Caught him stealing!
The Imperfectionists by Tom Rachman - some of the chapters literally left me speechless. #fridayreads (cc: )
Rain has finally ended in SE WI. Here's a look at rain totals. A cool, but dry weekend ahead
Sorry about today's bay area weather. Drive safely: enjoy the view!
he looks very distinguished!!!
Just saw a guy drinking brisk... Why? People still do that? Like my phone didn't even capitalize "brisk" so I think it doesn't exist anymore
Has really enjoy the earlier morning.
no problem.
second GROW47 committee meeting last night. Great ideas and lots of progress. Another announcement coming tomorrow!
Nicky Romero Testing.
Morning twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
what's your YouTube again?
Keep your eyes peeled for McDreamy! :)
thanks for the shoutout, Sarah!
well aren't you just sweetest...i guess i was showing off my made for dress legs those days ;) #hawt!
Breakfast club in my pants!
Lebron isn't even worth a dollar. At least you can get four quarters out of a dollar.
It's nice to see Manny keeping the ball down. I feel bad for Lucroy, though.
Bar Fly had a great show at The Crossroads! Great to see everyone again! Next show, this Saturday, May 5
Relaxing after a long week!
my next #food #recipe challenge: cherry wood smoked foie gras with a lightly seared sashimi grade scallop.
This is the most.... ex..pen..siveeeeee time of the year - Andy Williams
Public health is everybody's business: All of these expectations are met for you through the efforts of public health professionals u...
let's do a feature when u in da A homie
No, not "all belieber" are. Stay ignorant.
where r u going for 2:15 session? I'm currently at Mile High 2ab and moving to 1ab so could we meet briefly?
please RT? ive been a fan trying to get a tweet from you since you got on twitter! llove you
I recommend the Delafield Hotel as an awesome, first class location for an event. Nancy there does a fabulous job.
Im the kinda girl that will burst out laughing at something that happened the day before
- Freebird - By far the best Air Guitar Song, if not one of the best with a real guitar too!
hey hey hey mini rocky and sir teddy bear hahaha lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> nite nite and sweet dreams lil sis <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> glad to hear from you today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
...I'm at my freinds party and she is really f'd up lol... so i'm kinda looking out for her n hoping she won't get arrested smh.
Thanks to everyone who follows us, new music comimg soon \m/
Hit it.
We just tapped Founders Breakfast Stout. It's an American Imperial Stout, 8.3% a.b.v.
#healthcare is not the problem - healthcare administration needs change. I.e claims,processing,etc
aww tyler is hosting the #newyears thing for mtv :)
Love a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
The kitchen is Calling ME !
Thanks new followers!
* Walk Into A Restraunt * " Would you like a table ?" No bitch I'll just sit on the floor. -_-
ahh yeahh! Promise to wear it at my going away party :p
I know. I'm just mad that i couldn't finish watching the match that I paid for.
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy learning more about me and my artwork!
Frenchie you are amazing and you totally deserve to be in the competition due to ur fierce determination, ignore the haters!
I am pooped. Goodnight.
got it! Will call back soon :)
Hi mate! watch on my site littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars seasons2 Episodes online,100% free!
Camos Brothers will be OPEN New Years Day 11am-9pm for all your pizza needs! Be safe & have fun, pizza lovers!
no excuses for being a part time dad
Funny! " SC voters visibly uncomfortable with Mormon candidate, pin their hopes on the candidate with multiple wives. #scprimary"
Be strong!
Mac & cheese pattymelt? Seriously? I'll pass. Not ready to have a stroke.
you fool
hello there gorgeous!
#wordsthatdescribeme hungry (right about now)
Matter of fact i went around the block alone once & some hoodlums stole my bike. Ran home told my older cousins & it was a wrap!
The victory of success is half won when one gains the habit of work.
How much do you want to lose on that wager? :)
Private tutoring for Kids from K-12 and Special Challenged Kids!
how many inches? Its near tshirt weather out here in Cali :)
RT : Dr. Jay Strack share #metro2012 He has spent most of his life advocating for teens & YMs. Thankful to partner w/
AWESOME! Congrats! When are you off?
Mom- so hows it goin? You-wat? Mom-you know u- if i knew i wouldnt have said wat :/ derderder!!!
Dang! how do you pick?
oops... make that Wolfgang...
in my perfect world, train travelers who start their phone convo with "I'm on the train" would be thrown off it.
Just walked in the crib bout to jump in da shower n chill out hml
not really a breakfast person
Thank u Blessed wkend ALL :)
am i losing followers because i'm never on???
Almost time for #H50 finale!! :)
Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr.'s first stolen base was a steal of home just like Mr. Bryce Harper #orioles #nationals 5/31/82
over by a score of 4-2 tonight.
Great! If you get a chance, stop by the ticket office and say hi! Happy Holidays!
Jordan, I cannot say that in fact it is always so
So true! RT : Will Rogers says: "This country has gotten where it is in spite of politics, not by the aid of it."
Going to see in NJ tomorrow (:
NL_Magazine thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
how u been... I see you've been taking your modeling to another level
I like finding healthy things that help better me and my family's life.
Rep. Baldwin said today she is "seriously exploring" running for Kohl's seat in 2012.
God that room full of #Mitt fans was white as hell. Incredibly scary considering the diversity of Florida.
well that just ruined my whole day.
Sam's on his way to Nicaragua for his Spanish immersion program! I am so excited for him, and proud of what a brave young man he is.
really had to go deep on FB to find that <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD>
If Told Me That He Loved Me I Would Legit Get Out My Seat && Run Around The Classroom Screaming... Lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
That just made my night lmfao
i want
well it will be more days like that this summer!!! Lol
Goals: ideally are high enough to inspire, low enough to encourage & meaningful enough to keep you going
Get used to that, my friend. He's for real.RT : Jacquizz! Now the #Falcons trail 23-17.
Awesome! I see he's playing at the Mohawk 8/5? Should I plan a trip to Austin then?
Why must my dog sit by the door and bark at nothing all night?
well said...just please do not piss me off:) lol
I ask this girl is she dtf .. Guess what she told me ..!
Im sleepy and i love Ed ok. Night.
You're welcome =)
Met a lot of really nice attorneys at the LACBA immigration training.
Feet are exhausted & hair is frizzy after a day in the rain in ATL. Relaxing at hotel b4 heading out to watch the #BrewCrew & MNF!
Race for the Cure LA! March 24 at Dodger Stadium. - Come run, walk, save a life!
This female really just asked me if she could come to my apartment at 6 in the morning to help her study. Told her HELL NAH!
He'll be fine.
Wanna borrow my sun, Ray? Oh, CRAP! It's already set! :/
An experienced teacher pointed out that I'm expecting these fourth-graders to learn & use too many new skills at once. Oh.
But you're not counting the sartorial vote from
Cliq My Blur!
": Oh, don't be so angry, haha." I know, but it's hard right now ha!
Please have everyone change their minds about the 2012 tour..you need to have one!!! I really hope that you end up making one!!
he is a fat pig
but, oh what the hell, trolling is fun too. "The Grizzlies will win the Title."
Hey guys, it's Rachel!! :)
Ahem. I only want good clean christian music.
Glad to hear class went well. I'll have to remember the account thing for my class.
your amazing and so sweet. Love you. :)
What happened to that fat Irish guy singing God Bless America? The Yankees had a ridiculous record when he sang.
Black Friday Bash at The Woodlands Tavern Friday November 25th 6pm-2am.
hahaha so random. hes been giggling the whole time too
HA love scanning my stuff in self service them realising I don't have my purse!
that would have been AWESOME!
Uniqueness probably the most essential element to a great piece of art.. especially in the music video relm
why do you hate me. Fml.
WOF for a few a few hours and already saw a girl with a mustache, been attacked by a lizard and watched a girl pee all over the ground.
Congrats to A&A Celebrity Board Member Don Mattingly for his first victory as the Manager! Best of luck this season Don!
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Glenn Braggs, who had three hits, including his fourth homer of the season.
Day = made. followed me :)
Such a lazy day
Had a WONDERFUL dinner at the new #rosamexicano in Chevy Chase... it's formally opening tonight!
One thing I hate about bowling. Im better then my friends xD
It's amazing how many NBA and NFL players just realized they needed non prescription glasses to walk around.
the Easter Bunny and I are doing some serious editing! New clips are long over due!! Promising new goodies online by next weekend.
From the looks of things, winter is upon us.
Getting out paranormal nerd on TOMORROW w/ & !! SO STOKED!
Singing jazz at Tula's in Seattle this Wednesday, November 25th with 4 other great vocalists. It's my birthday Thursday too. Gobble, gobble.
Don't you die on me, Quinn, don't you dare do it! , fabulous as always and unexpected! Great foreshadowing through the episode.
no pressure lol
great meeting last night, we had a packed house....
oh lmfao you just need more friends. Start adding everyone jk lol idk.
The "Personal Massagers" at Brookstone are getting overtly dirty ...
Where did you AT&T ad for Adam? TV, radio or print?
i'd probably have anger management if my mom wasn't such a bitch.. like, my mom being her is the only thing the doesn't make me lose control
NO LINE / NO COVER FOR BAR CRAWL PARTY BUS RIDERS AT: CLUB ALBEE, COYOTE UGLY, MICHAEL MURPHY'S, PARALOGIA, ROK BAR, AND SKKY BAR
backlash has some pretty good matches. y2j vs ricky looks like a very good match...
haha yeah? lol i watch Arthur every single morning.
Cottage + MEN
Happy Prom, VBHS. Everyone's gonna get too drunk, drama is in the air and no ones night is gonna go as planned. Enjoy!
Ghetto Translations: "It be like that sometimes" = I am aware of your situation, unfortunately there is nothing I can do about it.
Hey Ronellee! We were "virtually" there-As we import several of the Torrontes featured - tweeting from ;)
#Gardeners out there. Help. #Whiteflies on my most favorite plant. Need organic solution.
Just received a cool t-shirt from Routa Athletik. We're pretty sure they're Finnish . . .
I'm going next weekend.... uh oh.
Sorry we took a hiatus everyone! We promise to come back with supreme awesomeness! Happy holidays and best wishes from the crew.
watching he called the Iowa Caucuses an auction... i'm done. already
why didn't Stafford get fined for ripping the helmet off DJ Moore?
What if I hit tweet limit?!?! :0 what's it like?? <U+E403>
And thanks!
Hey guys its sophia :P, I really dunno what to tweet about on lucys account =d
You don't have to be the best, just don't be like the rest.
resistance is futile!
BALL OUT! #NDNation has your back!!
GM! My People Rise And Shine. Let's Get To Business. Friday August 5, 2011
Live a little today. I double dog dare ya.
yup, I gotta get back on it. It doesn't help that it's 80 degrees with 90% humidity by like 10am these days.
I can't help bein happy about UK falling to Vanderbilt today, it feels pretty good I must say
ok I'm down with that
you and april are way too similar. she is the same with those markers and notebooks.
Meet-up hosted by COLLECTIVE MEDIA in Room 205 at 11am. Come by for a drink and networking.
i forever hate you :) im sending you something creative on tumblr :)
yea, I guess we got played
OK. And? The two kids who got heavy-duty cough meds supposedly to cure the plague? Yeah. Coughing up lungs. *sigh*
OK GUYS!!! this is the 1st song: Seas would rise when I gave the word
RT : Can't wait to go to formal with ! :D #BestFriends -The bestest!!!:)
Will Garage Sale, the Baltimore band, be doing the music for the Garage Sale movie?
A complete afternoon of press releases. Lawd help me.
Not mad at cha
I was a little out of it when I wrote that...but at the time I thought it was funniest shit ever.
Goodnight. I'm sleepy
back in queens working with
Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying and believe in yourself!
Through Sunday, 10% off Beatles merchandise (Yay Royal Wedding) and 20% off shuttle models in honor of #Endeavor launch.
put me in my first video we gonna be great as a colab real talk ur awesome
Front page of purevolume!!!! Top promo pick!!!! We are giving our brand new single away for free!! www.purevolume.com
# 134th applicant today for the lousiest friggin job ...watch them call ..fml
1st day of speed & agility camp! I beasted on dem kids out there....still pushing tho, can always get better
They're both terrific -- great voice talent in the movies!
lol dont let em bother you lol. work your bun lol. have a great one
I HATE the sound of these damn birds in the morning .so annoying by my window
Why do gay men have better bodies than straight men? Is there some gym gene that comes with being gay?
FTK: #MyGerms will contain only original beats completely produced by ocraM.
Listening to The First Rule by Robert Crais
Clinton - Focus on low hanging fruit: methane reduction (landfills), finance energy efficiency, modernize grid (reach stranded wind)
You're welcome! Thanks for doing what you do. :)
IF JUSTIN BIEBER DO NOT NOTICE ME NOW I WILL FLY TO THE USA AND WILL HAVE FUN WITH THIS SWAGGER
Dear people who think that twitter is your diary, Its not. Get a journal please. Sincerely, Me.
I'ma snail killer, WAAAH! :(
#JustRemeberThat NOTHING is guaranteed
I will be M.I.A. please do not call me, text me, worry about me or gps my location. You will not find me. Please do not contact the police..
Lets go peeeeoooooppplllleeee
I'm marrying that.
Actually, fact that Warner hit was clean goes MORE to Warner's feeling re his kids. Can't protect them from clean hits.
Haven't had a Snickers in year. Eating one now and it's amazing.
WHEN SETH MILLER LIKES YOUR PICTURE ON FACEBOOK >>>>>>>>>>>
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Some days I love The Doors more than Pink Floyd. Usually on nice summer days.
I wish I could be there with my girlfriends! Love you both!
RT : So many blog platforms, so little time. Check out WordPress, Blogger, LiveJournal, TypePad and Xanga.
I switched to an earlier flight and now it's delayed.
Thanks. It wasn't too bad.
93% counted now, Democratic voters still have 33,204-vote lead over Walker voters state-wide.
I'm reading No Man Is An Island by #thomasmerton. Incredible, deeply insightful book about Christian spirituality. Knowing the one true God
Lets go Rangers! Lets go Rangers! Lets go Rangers! Lets go Rangers!
as I'm listening to u guys at a red light for over 30 sec: phone in hand checking Facebook... sad
Had the best dinner tonight. Thank you Johnny Downey
#WhatILoveAboutAfrica its amazingly beautiful and those commercials about poor black ppl homeless is very misleading.
The Shuffled Hustle by free preview TODAY ONLY on Amazon Kindle. The Shuffled Hustle II coming soon...
I'll send my best regards... from hell.
one thing by one direction!
I'm trying to motivate to write my web script! Lol
Happy Monday everyone!! Have an excellent week
Who's house? Horns House!
the pictures :(
Haha, to the moon so I see where to place you amongst the stars;)
But, you kinda do....
you can use data to fit a power-law distr. and get precisely how far off 90-9-1 for diff platform.
Shout out to and thanks for following!
It's so creepy that news reporters in LA look like orange plastic. It's very distracting
Couldn't make the #nyc_gis meetup, so signed up for and played with instead. /cc
how can i get u some beats?
Finished reading Part 1 of SATANTANGO. Krasznahorkai writes paragraphs the same way Tarr composes shots.
Our messages >>>
its the roids.....lol just playing, i drink ma milk gurl ;)
Gonna spend the rest of my day painting and drawing.
Prefect! Start studying the food chapters.
yeah, basically. I've been trying to follow the advanced plan.
June 15th "Rub The Felt For Lupus" Charity Poker Tournament. 2000 Staples mill rd. Holiday Inn. 7pm $25 Donation $20 Re-Buys $10 Opt. Add-On
when do you get to town for bridgetown? let's figure out when to record. you are welcome to bring a comic if you like.
Gary Clark Jr. = amazing. Just forced to leave photo pit @ Jimmy Cliff due to high winds and overhead equipment. Loving the weather but...
I'm so fucking having fun right now, I love all my friends cheers bitch;o)
RT - I want a los angeles kings and a new england patriots snap bacc
It feels nice to tune everything out for a minute.
I miss flippin through those Eastbay magazines in class!!!
Special thanks to Peter Le for catering lunch for Private Tour! Volunteers, homeowners, and sponsors are raving!
My wife is a geek. Set up the router, fixed the wireless keyboard & programmed the Peel device. Oh, & made an awesome poached Salmon
Ya Allah, please make me more beautiful. Amin :)
Thanks for the mention. I love those paper.ly items whenever I see them!
I get the sense the experience is really different for undergrads and grads. Mine was for sure. Easier to mix as grads.
Def going to be freaking the fuck out tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><U+2614><U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Love the new avi
I'm really going to miss the bums on the Venice boardwalk expounding on the hidden meaning of the murals at 9am Saturday morning.
Maggianos chef just came out to make sure I could navigate the menu and pick good #gf options
when guys get horney their boners act as a compass, he's just trying to locate North
supposedly there's a setting to lock the screen and keep it from rotating. I don't have one though...google answers all.
True RT : A6 Competency withstands scrutiny - we have a responsibility to be able to pass scrutiny
I had a dream last night that I was at a Mars Volta concert. *Sigh* If only...
When you send a pic to someone make sure it's not obvious that it was intended for someone else
wait, school starts again?
printing and graphics nationwide
Its a celebration bitches!!
Making the most of every minute left in Europe! Let's. Get. Weird.
Man the morning shift does fly by.. 3.5 hours left in this day for me.
Woods hole embryo project has embedded metadata training in curriculum
Those particle effects look pretty sweet. I'm gonna have to check those out in the settings.
Zimmer reading amendments to item 9, to be followed by amendments to item 18 (budget). Holding our breath.
I know that feeling -_-
TUT FACT:Pyramid builders were not slaves.Excavated skeletons show workers were skilled Egyptian builders.
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
Many thanks to for hosting the #FourShortStoryWritersoftheApocalypse. They ride again for on May 21.
Luther: Love of the self is slavery; love of others is freedom.
#excited :)) Wrote with today at #Curb!! Really good song;) And noww...homework :P
My apologies, it's RT : Thank you for being a Bronze sponsor of #sdp2p!
You guys, I cleaned my desk of all paperwork yesterday. It took three hours! How do YOU stay organized???
Love you on the Tony Kornheiser Show!
Correction; hanging with Gerey Johnson & Brian Culbertson saturday nite @ Jazz Alley Seattle
hey what happened to your FB page ???
Trying to convince my grandma if she gets me tickets I'll stop asking for more tattoos.. lol.
RANGERS!!!!!! HENRIK!!!! Bring on the Devils!!
Definetly did not get any good sleep last night. Just want today to be over so I can go home and relax!
(PS- do you ever forget which letters in" PhD" to capitalize? I sure do. LOLRIGHT?)
Oh love we can do it whenever! Just lemmie know! Now that I know, IM drinking this weekend!! lol #partylikearockstar lol
: I love mariah carey. My favorite song is my all
check this out my friends , thanks gordon
Let a mf take my purse! Aw yea we.gettin down period!
vinny has the whole package
Nice! MT Rep. Tim Holden, Pa.'s longest-serving congressional member, defeated in Democratic primary.
No Pity from Sea to Shining Sea!
SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY i'm so lazy.
Must stop walking around campus in flip flops, feet aching...but toes look good ;)
Good thing u didn't buy him a shot during the tourney. It would've ruined him MT : Congrats to Goldschlagger's on me!
: For sure--as long as it's also something the character would do, no matter how unexpected.
This is the #reds season! Let's go!
Oh Florida please be still tonight and don't disturb this love of mine .
Everyone don't forget to follow from now on, all other #DBHH accounts will be shutting down this week thank you!
Chillin wit my baby girl fina watch da game
.....my Dream job is not to have one and live comfortably. I hope NYC Sanitation is looking out for this good Samaritan!!
Testing our new tweet cloud, Tweeter, made by David Schultz (Doc candidate) and Jesse Allison at IDIA
of mythology and linguistics, Lithuanian-born Gimbutas uncovered the life-affirming and goddess-worshipping civilizations of pre-historic Eu
Money is the route of all evil I thought, but when Im broke is when I usually have the evilest thoughts
Keep me up to date on Pranksgiving--have tentative plans but things often change :-) Same 704 number!
hell to the yeah! He should
spain with you guys will be perfect :$ CAN'T WAIT
Niall and hello how are you?. Yesterday you were very good.
You blog? You love books? Giddy-up. The “Independent Book Blogger Awards” contest has 4 free trips to BEA. Find out how
I miss you!
...donations, rather
School gets out in 7 days!! Ready for summer!!!:D #can'twait
I just got 2 hours free PTO for volunteering to work this past Saturday. Take that, "this is ridiculous" lady!
I'm comin MIT makes everything ready BOSTON
I'll stop by sometimes so you can see my
Wasn't it who said she was going really only for the pretties?
Posted in the smoking room in Salt Lake City airport. It doesn't smell like smoke. This room is intense. I need one of these in the crib
RETWEET if you can't sleep -_-
Crystal KNOCK IT OFF you know richard cares
Lord, I pray for a peaceful day
Tell that to Nardwuar
Cant give ya mama no money to help her out
I'm digging the spin crowd show on E! Where my PR peeps at?
It's crazy how you can put your walls up and swear you'll never let them down again, and then someone comes along and changes your mind..
how u go it
Shit shopping wit yo momma sucks wat u want she does not want
Berba is on top form tonight. Love all the flicks he is pulling off!
thank you :)
Congratulations to MaMa Enso & the latest addition to her fam!! We can't wait for the newest Virgo to arrive :)
it was lovely to meet you! So glad you came by, and we hope to see you again real soon.
Thanks for the follow Albuquerque Pro (AlbuquerquePro)! :)
Time to start populating our event listings! Got an opening, performance, concert or other event? @ us the details/link!
Demi Lovato is gonna be an x factor judge?!? I hope she still does it next year too!!!
If u havent watched the avengers yet #GoKillYourself !!!
Likewise. The time-tracking argument is strong.
DM Thank you for following us. We've confirmed mobile health & B2B interest with our technology. Is there a way we can help you?
That's a 30% cut to higher education in a year and a half in Louisiana.
Wow just checked the weather in Bath and it's 64 at 7:00? Hope you're all enjoying it up there. Its 79 here in New Orleans.
I'm ready for summer so I can see 1D and BTR again! Aughh!
This 3rd period better be magical
i knew the straw box would win you over!
Great meeting with Councilmember Michael Brown.
about time
Feet on the ground, after climbing a sailboat mast.
Thanks! And good night. I'll be going to lunch soon here in the US. :)
Lmfao! Nah you sabe...I tall pass you far way!!!
My actual name on Twitter stands for Brony for My Little Pony. Lol. Just throwing it out there.
All you editors who say you want relentless (and disobedient) reporters, give a shout. He won't be on the market long.
I get pretty defensive when people say "I want to kill Justin" or "Bieber needs to die" no one should say any of that. Yeah, you might not
SUPER FUCKING BOWL CHAMPIONS!!!!
Donna Summer Dead -- Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Lung Cancer
: Way to spell happiness correctly.
Sometimes I wonder if Austin still cares about us as much as he used to :/ Usually now he only RT's people who tweet about his concerts
I have given up all hope of having a better past.
We did it! Loyola wins!! Next stop: NCAA tournament. Absolutely amazing.
I hope he knows we care and really want #TheFinder back RT wonders what thinks of the fans petitioning??
Oh yeah - that was a pretty cool flick!
Lol made me mad today with that crap !!
This big girl & her weave >>>>>
Made it through TSA, no questions asked, with a tin of smoked oysters and a Sphero robotic ball.
hahaha yeah good ol Tom boy was there. He looked hammered too. So funny. Looking back I prob should have said hi, lol
Headed back from BK w/ Sweet art/rock show @ Green Point Art Gal. Thanks Shakefist Mag!
u dnt undastand wat I'm saying, their just betta ways of sayn KISS MY ASS. get it now?
Mike Young showing off News.me tech chops at AWSstartups event!
and wanna walk today?
thank you for the retweet and follow!!
Yea you take some great pictures....ya look even better when im on straight liquor...but i know ya nasty like them grape swishers..
Pickles are Cucumbers soaked in EVIL
Thnx for the follow!
Documentary filmmaker Josh Fox was arrested for exercising his 1st amendment rights, at the Capitol, filming a public hearing for his doc..
What's up ATL Ravens fam? "Like" or retweet this status if you're down for a draft day get together at HGM on 4/26!
I'm glad to see Bruce webber get hired at k-state
Grizz making me mad. After the movies, I shall consume a 'rita! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
To get online leads, know who your customers are.
My mom is telling us how she picked our names x)
. those NY boys are a little slow... :-)
best quote ever!
that's great! I've loved her forever and recently moved to South FL and I've never seem her before so it's one of my Dreams!
The question is, do chefs in cookbooks count as characters? And will they come over early to share their meal prep genius?
I was very excited about the hats. Lol. ;-)
is going above and beyond as our emcee at the
Bought 2 new Kias for service vehicles. 2 weeks later, one is down. Broken airconditioner.
you are correct, sir, and it is very good news for you.
I'm gonna with yes. Can anyone trust anyone around here?!
Big day everyone! Brewhouse made it's way from Portland to it's new home at T7.
I was so upset for some reason. Then I thought about ad his smile then I suddenly felt better. No joke.
you never thought you make it this far...
that's something that I would do
Good I dont want two of my favorite people fighting.
#IfYouKnowMeWell ...you'd know what circumstances birthed my latest cd project "The End Of Me"
It strikes us that Mayor's Day is any day that Her Honor declares it to be.
Music videos all night i guess lol
Who wore that new AnmlHse this week? Tweet us :)
I'm having a screwdriver because I was screw out of this trip.
Lunch at 3 p.m.? Sounds about right.
thanks Jonathan for the follow and support hope yo enjoy the rest of top chef and check out
Happy new year everyone! Say'in it now cause IDK what state I'll be in by midnight!
RT : woot! Feel like this is a #2to1Conf reunion :)
Yeahh you'll like it! some of the songs didnt need anything and i just did minor edits but some others hav noticable edits
our* and that won't make me feel any better
But today really is a bad hair day lol
#ThinkDesign joins the Moire family – Welcome to #moire TDC peeps!
thanks Beth! I will try to join in the next time! Lol
Does anybody now if there's a radio feed for the USA game? I'm using a school computer and I can't download any plugins or flash.
Listening to 's demos on my drive - she is amazing!
Swap! Corey from way down town. Kings up 32 to 15 at the end of 1st.
a buddy made it for me. No I've been there 6 or 7 months now
About an hour or so
RT: A #Virgo can usually pinpoint what’s really wrong with uncanny accuracy. // UNCANNY. ;)
Well the flashcards idea lasted 5mins I'm back to making mindmaps. Gotta return the unopened packet later
On piano David Virelles.
good thing ibaka isnt as dangerous
These are the type of innings that remind me why I love Cleveland Indians Baseball so much.
Danny T is going to the broncos. Winston guy is going to Seattle..
3 minutes until & I fail our last test of high school.....what a way to end it!
about to start looking over this math final review...
Prince Fielder singles in 1st AB as a Tiger
Come to for dinner! Food is amazing! Cocktails are amazing! Ambiance is amazing!
Pleasure was all ours!
Be careful of whom you mock, or speak Ill of; they may possess knowledge crucial to your current state. #WhatUDontKnowWillHurtU >
will u not eat a haribo one..? Oh dunno then, thought nothing said marriage like a deep fried potato snack..? x
I enjoy being a librarian for librarians here at Demco. :)
I will let one of you give me 100 bucks, to let me punch you in the face.
state playing on thursday, not a good sign. :)
Everyone check out This game looks amazing!!!!
Sadly I am now in the teeth of my busy season Wont have any vacation time til Thanksgiving.
Wow. Lost in awful column is this Izzo slander: "[Kentucky] is like a factory. Nobody has any ties to the place".
IT'S THEIR WEDDING, OH MY GOD. WILL & JJ ARE GETTING MARRIED. THIS IS SO CUTE, FINALLY. GOOD THINGS, GOOD THINGS.
That was an amazing shot to end/win the game, but was it really worth storming the court Creighton? Kinda sad...
#StarWars #fb which Star Wars movie did you watch?
so true, and maybe even did some of the breaking.
Bitches i put like!
If you're in Philly tomorrow, stop by Union Trust at 4:30 or so. It's a free casino party thing; all proceeds go to my amazing brother.
Last computer #Repair in #Pittsburgh: Ipod Touch Audio Jack broken
Formalists vs. pragmatists again: Jess Tenenbaum has a slide of pro-tips on how each side can drive the other mad. Use only for good.
the only reason i haven't deleted it is because i don't wanna loose all the sweet comments, otherwise it would've been gone
Busy morning rolled into a long afternoon thanks to an intense migraine. I have a few hours of research to make up for.
I see Facebook...;)
If you see your boyfriend or girlfriend at least once a week, I don't want to hear anything about how much you miss them. Fuck off.
i need to play some black pool soon.
completely agree! songbird FTW!
Cosentino: Don't make the same mistake twice. If it's twice, it's a pattern. If it's a pattern, It's a problem.
If U don't go after what U want, youll never have it. If U don't ask, you won't know. If U don't step fwd, youll always be in the same place
thank you andria!!:)
ROCK! ROLL & AxeOff U.S. Friggin A! www.AxeOffUSA.com
I'd TOTALLY do that with my kid...well, maybe for Oreos (or King Crab Legs) probably not Doritos.
lol it's annoying! :)
bacflips wack/touch screens is is where its/& snapbacks is back
Tomorrow's Forecast: Hot with a side of HOTTER.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a sonng!?
Thanks to you! It just kind of came to me. Jamie Dimon and all.
If I went to Fordam I probably wouldn't care for college sports either, lol
Hm I guess, and yeah it best be fine! x
Just ordered a new #MacBook Pro, it will be a sad day when I no longer qualify for educational pricing. Stay in #school forever?
PREDS WIN! Grizz up going into 4th and Caps going to 3rd OT
please follow me back , i LOVE your tweet so muchh :DD
viktor & spoils tonight. comme by. also, u must do a saturday with me this summer.
Holy moly - just like that it's over! Thnx Nancy and Rich, and all my new friends for making #mw2012 a *blast* (O, and great learning too).
Any flash of anything Albert Nobbs-related sends my mom into a fit. She loathed that movie even more than I did.
Mom's excuse for everything....Did you do the dishes?! LBS
hey sweety please follow back I follow you!? Thanks
Life is a uh . depending on how you dress er
My stomach turned at the mention of Golden Corral. Ick.
ohh how long was it?
I am watching #GandB and hearing G talk about her breast cancer diagnosis is making me cry right along with her.
I've got my first VC meeting today. This is a great time to be starting a web software company!
Theocratic BS has no place in public discourse. Don't give them air-time when not talking about policies. Separation of…..
#cervicalhealth how often should one get a pap if in a monoamous relationship?
EKU tomorrow!! Seeing the best friend Kenzie.
Corporate funded parties in politics are ancient history this system is so old it should be put on display at a museum! 3rd party no strings
“: Woo man can't wait till football season !”
That awkward moment when you get a mini heart attack because you can't feel your phone in your pocket.
These are bad times for ppl who like to sit outside th library@ dawn on a rainy morning and get ripped to th tits on crank & powerful music
Foxy Knoxy is going home - how long until she lands a movie and book deal? I give it 3 weeks tops
Agreed! Delayed, not forgotten.
I have no reason to lie
I'm following a bunch of tech people on Twitter because they seem to be insulated, spoiled, and oblivious. They are mostly Nero, fiddling.
I know it's all bad smh
Its been rough couple of days!!
I LOVE YOU RYAN<U+2665>
Also, isn't it eerie how timely the birth control-related theme has become again? Odd to see your historical plot make headlines!
gave em to Carissa. Her responsibility.
Can't wait until 2:30 ... we bout to get it poppin!!!!!
Ill be at the Refried Comedy Show tonight At the World Famous Hollywood Improv come on out for qan amazing time
iman shumpert great rookie season. all these ACL tears. could be a product of short season idk
HAHAHAHAHAHA. You will forever have nightmares.
I'm supposed to be on Investigation Discovery tonight at 10e/9c on Sins and Secrets Somerset, let me know if you see me
I totally lied. The truth is: I did not LOL.
I wish you were
Norfolk State is on the cusp of blowing up a whole lotta' brackets. Plenty of time left, but...
Hi, yes I just came from China and began master study at U of Illinois. The CS texts I read are mainly course required ones.
oh okay, alrighty
"Free my boys Green in Pipe "
high five <U+E41E> fist bump <U+E00D>
ONE TIME For My LiL Bro and For Gettin His Papers From Lawson State! Hard Work Pays Off!
Tumbleweed enjoying a mango margarita...yum :)
Come check us out at Vegas Streats tonight from 6pm-2am. See the set list for the music on our website.
Show tonite in san Antonio w
Forecast for Today: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Local visibility one...
12 days left!
thank you!!!!
#NewGmail makes me want to smash my computer and buy a typewriter.
Time to stop being so dramatic. My body will accept the rigors of racing this weekend. #mental inertia #sport psychology
Nice! Is it possible to track the length of the phone call too?
Everything all good, but I miss you.
I like iCarly
Will be taking advantage of the bus system tonite for
hey how are you bella, hope all is well :) would you like to come to a few parties this wknd in south FL?
Million dollar dreams $$$$$$$
Have a great weekend!
The boys were truly amazing im proud to say im a directioners xx
Ooh just passed by a shoot for Southland
And now there are at least two pigeons in that person's room...!! Holy sh*t.
stop that haha
What sort of tests have you used to diagnose ADHD?
this has NOTHING to do with your dumb high school
I just hadn't had it in so long I had no idea. Seems like a perfect match
Those are TWO of my absolute faves. I have a HUGE writer crush on Nicole Krauss.
Nail salon with my baby sister! Love quality time with her!!
SOCCER! OMG!
Our's is about the best there is...
Thanks for coming out yesterday to our panels and screening.
It's a gorgeous day in Indianapolis! Why not venture down to Monument Circle and take part in the food truck craze w/pizza from ?
I think should be ashamed of himself. He knows why...
EARLY SPRING....Thanks PHIL!!!
Last day of this weeks soccer camp underway!
pssst. hey buddy, wanna buy a house? ;) not easy to get rid of k&t 100%. reduce load AMAP.
my max is 10 min before I start getting grumpy.
More ! Love the kids!
Great job Gabe!! RT : Vote for Suzy Schellbach for superparent at facebook search "Take it to the house". Voting starts Thursday.
if u like the girl go ahead and if its the rite time in yo life. I wanna date an actress!!! Swag
I love IKEA, ABBA and Volvos. It's all starting to make sense now.
she got hacked and deleted her account!
Some are chosen to stand for others, Some just stand in others way, Who pics who and what and why, Why some live and others die.
I got you hommie I have to find it
...For folks who claim to hate big government, the GOP is sure shoving it down our throats.
But I heard him exclaim, 'ere he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good-night!"
and do you mean Sharp beautiful or Kane at Mifflin beautiful? haha.
I can't wait till I can call him mine :)
giants game, mimosas, mickey mouse waffles. life is good.
STILL LOOK GOOD
let's! :-) email us: theethnographers
m I right? M I right? M i right right rite rite ???
Happy anniversary my lovey dovey boy<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
we have sod too! Cut fresh daily.
Save The Date Sept. 28th,2012 @ 6:00pm @ The Agricenter "Runway & Roulettes!! Sponsored by The Women's Council Of Realtors!!
I would love that! Thanks so much for all your support!
Coop told me I was looking cute today :) How shocking xD
Bought my tickets for ! Two days AND for $25! Duh.
me too i am loosing my freaking mind!!!
yea just really upsetting still. man
I have some #hustling to do tomorrow. But I see an evening boat ride in my future.
Beautiful performance by in Super. Best movie night in a long time.
Finally home.!!(:
Sounds like you have a nice date planned for next weekend! We look forward to seeing you at the Power Plant!
Must leave FB & Twitter for a few hours & do some work on the biz/marketing plan for WAN. I LOVE my day job as entrepreneur! Lucky woman..
Done! Give me a shoutout thanks!:)
Billy Rose~ Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
LM Mayor Art Madrid thrice mentions "extortion" in regards 2 the state's plans for elimination of redevelopment agencies... wants a lawsuit
Our "grub" rocks!! Stop by....
Damn..Cherington is asleep at his desk..We could have used Wilson..Angels are gonna be legit this year..
Josh Hamilton is good at baseball
Guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all.
If you see a dude wearing shorts in February, it's a safe bet that he has a carabiner on himself somewhere and is wearing boat shoes.
totally thought you said flute diet for a second there. I was like ...what's a flute diet and can I try it? lol!
And now to explore trade options to get rid of Tim Tebow, truly shows what kind of loyalty that teams have for their players...
(: will do. Can I ask how much your last one was?
well it depends. I'll call u. U going to the wedding
you picking up a bottle on your way back from work or what?
Graphic design is so much fun!!
She says hi back. Our two boys are keeping her busy. We're doing some montessori homeschooling for them each morning
I don't identify as a designer, y'all. Making things pretty isn't necessarily the same as making pretty things. Also, I write code.
Chris how are you bro :)
Thanks for the follow guys :)
Now booking appointments for MusInk Feb 19-21 in California
What was the best session you attended at #astd2012?
hey the thing i wanna do b4 i die is go on a date with you. Can you make it come true? Lol :P love you so much!
what do they mean by a new generation?
Impressive stats today for the Horns.. Took 8 shots total w/ 6 of the 8 being on-goal. Highest on-goal % of year. Kristin Cummins w/ 3 shots
come with me next time. I go every Wednesday at 7:30
I say crown LSU now (they have already run the gauntlet) and let Ok St. and Bama play for second place.
The games tonight just got me really excited for March! I love college basketball!
Sleeper..... A. Milano - Embrace of a Vampire (2006 George Masonish)
What would u do for a Klondike bar?
hmm we'll be at camp most likely, mightt take drivers ed class then idk i still have to do it haha why what were your thoughts
Is anyone going to the #Eagles draft party on Thursday night?
Thanks for the cheer! One page at a time...
All of my clients canceled today because of the snow. Guess I'm taking the day off.
Man, FUCK John Jacob Jingelhiemer-Schmidt.
I need a real job.
Woo hoo! Way cool! Congrats to , new president of #ASJA!
pb cups for breakfast, pizza with scissors... sounds pretty amazing to me :)
PBS broadcaster Ray Suarez challenges us at today's Civil Rights Forum at the JFK Library: We all must stretch in today's America.
#MyBiggestFlaw Is i Have a hard time Letting Go
hm u never know wats in those burritos or nachos or that other crap hm*sigh* :'/ but i guess theres alote of other taco places
That´s A Great Page haha Follow Back
Tony Horowitz of 'Confederates in the Attic' fame at the Minnesota History Center at 7:00 tonight.
2 new Sunday classes start this weekend & Fall Teacher Training dates announced: www.redhotyogastudio.com
thinking of you. You know my number, bud. :)
Harfeld:“The death of an abused or neglected child signals that something has gone terribly wrong with the child welfare system”
OMG today is soo gloomy and depressing.
25 followers by tomorrow
I miss dylan already </3
Thanks for following me! I hope you enjoy following me and my artwork.
After School Fight W. A Lil Old Lady BTFU
QB for Army is named Santiago. So many A Few Good Men quotes running through my head. And he didn't pack a thing. And he didn't call a soul.
Next time I get stopped by the police they might as well take me to jail cause I'm gone catch a case on they ass. Tired of this shit!
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way. - Mark Twain
RT I swear i miss the old days !
Heey Happy Birthday ! :)
Also, bro-chela is no place for Jarvis Cocker.
Harvey seems to jump on any celeb anytime there is a homophobia or anti-Semitism spin to put on it.
A newer GREENER clean Limo service from Jan 2011. Visit our blog www.wlimo.wordpress.com for more details.
hahaha LOGAN IN A DOG COSTUME THAT KILLED MEH LOLOLOL
Tired don't wanna go to class
He just needed to end CB for public employees, "first." That's the "start." Implies an end, no?
Going to Eat
And it's sad, because school is so obviously needed: RT Chilling Bored Out My Mind. Shyt We Dont School 2marrow, Again.
I bet it was a relief wen they lol RT : LIES!! RT : did a fret say her team aguh lose
The anticipation is insane man. Are marathons still 26.2 miles?:)
MLS All-stars will play Chelsea this summer.
be happy and feel better. The force Is strong within you!!!
i love you lots my darling x
Heat out lasted the Hawks tonight. Great win :)
I have a couple free versions of Angry Birds.
it's more sad than scary. I didn't want to live.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great Friday/weekend, John!
The Hunger Games is probably like the best movie i've ever watched =)
Keep updating!
hello Mz E how are ya?
True. Other then the appearance of health, Lawrence isn't a terrible choice, considering how spectacular she was in Winter's Bone
"A lie can travel halfway across the world, while the truth is putting on its shoes." M.Twain via on crisiscomm
is it free
Thanks for the retweet and for attending the awards luncheon and ceremony.
God grant me the senility 2 forget people I never liked anyway, the good fortune 2 run in2 ones I do, & the eyesight 2 tell the difference.
so u should follow me because your cool and I love you so yeah and I'm bored let's talk? Haha
jajajaja...right now I am!
New Year Issue of our newsletter, send a Twitter note to receive it and as a bonus learn to make a Black Forest Cake!
That depressing moment when you wake up in the best part of a dream.
huh :o
If my body had a feature that allowed me to go deaf temporarily, this would be an excellent time: grandmarc fire alarm has gone off 7x today
Hell yeah man...we tryna get a lil sum sum...i got 5 on it
: It was exciting to see the home on Crest Drive in Encinitas last night, thks for the invite. Awesome home, event, & cars!
thank goodness, was worried it was permanent
Love love love Influenster! Free product packages for moms!!! www.influenster.com
I hate when bitches stunt on they pussy saying its tight , it stay wet , its sweet .. bitch ! STOP IT .
Appears, I don't have enough time in my night to fight it, so I'm just going to call it
good job <3
Renewing my CPR. Hope I never have to use it.
No fear that Lebron takes Bosh to NY, Amare resigns with PHX and Miami is left at the altar?
On phone with Samsung, trying to get them to do the right thing. LCD panel going back in less than 3 years? Come on!
Haha, I have no idea. I did see a student in a QR code shirt yesterday, but thought it would be inappropriate to scan it! :-)
ya i know :cc
Back in the studio to finish up the new ep called....."Fast Forward To Now" album art by So keep an eye out this spring!
Thanks 4 following :)
if you buy $40 worth of pastries from Starbucks in one sitting, you really need to get your shit together
#min30 first mass inno, need to start making some vsnaps
Hard to believe anyone would think Romney would support or understand the middle class
lets chat latter this morning. Ill drop u a line
At the first timeout...sparty struggling 9-2 Wisconsin up
It's an excellent series. You should def pick it up.
#nlcatlanta G+ is awesome...indexes straight to google...get to know it
Respect is not a given right, nor can it be demanded. It is earned..
Last weekend in LA in 2011!!! This was an amazing year for me. So thankful for everyone I had the pleasure of working with this year.
penalty Inter...
lol I thought I did man :P
Pictures from last night's event will be posted soon!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 43
I HATE Scorpions!!
Dirty dirty bitch tits.. wot
#IForgiveYou even if you left me in the bar!
Earlier lectures talked black cultural production & agency, incl. Gospel, Motown, Stax, Funk & SoulTrain. At review, kids nailed it 2! Yes!
With divorce rates in the U.S. being so high, I wonder if "Parent-Trapping" is also on the rise.
International dung beetle day today, time to celebrate the animals who make everything around us a little less shitty.
High reps with low weights is an effective way to build muscle, a new study suggests.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Hitting the rack. Good night all.
Where you go, I go.
Tonight at The Source: the premier of Duke City DimeStories. 1111 Carlisle SE
i had my labtop on all night and when i whent to go and take a nap 4 hours ago i left it running! i think it was a bad idea :s
You rocked it in Cincinnati last Saturday!Stay creative and blessed:)
Christmas is over, time to get ready for New Years... 2011 here we come
Not for some people, no. Sad.
haha. What emails?
Thanks for the #BeardLove, buddy! Damn good to hear from you! Life is as crazy as it's ever been- You're in NY? Whereabouts?
Tin Box of Curious Artifacts, Checklist: Electrical Systems Installed, Mirror Distressed, Cute Shit Acquired... Stay Tuned L.A.
Just got spam messages saying "earn money while watching MLB" "earn money while listening to Brad Paisley." These things are getting smarter
agreed. yes, still in E-WA.
If u say ur not gonna talk to me then don't, jeez ppl at least keep ur word to urself if to no one else
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
insecurity masked by arrogance? Is that a metaphor?
"Who is holding you accountable to make sure you have a life outside of your career?" - quote from
Well let's get to work on it then. Can you program in Cocoa? (I can't.)
Overheard a boy"That kid jumps & makes strange noises." To the side, I said, "..gets too excited. It doesn't mean anything." Right or wrong?
IF I CANT FUK SHIT UP, I DON'T WANNA LIVE!
what a lush
This place called earth is something else...
sorry I was on Hiatus for a couple of weeks. To make an appointment to see the gallery send an email to
Spending the day reading up on "The Psychology of Sports Fans" to better understand my indomitable sadness.
m, i just want to put ur entire fat cock in my mouth
Eating across the street from wondering if it's worth trying. Anyone know?
I don't know what I'm doing in Whole Foods. Ever. Why did I just buy wheatgrass?
why must people correct you on the internet? its twitter, not school.
happy belated birthday
Very Funny Yes annoying
Up next on CNN Early Start, Retired Air Force Colonel will talk to us about President Barack Obama new defense strategy
Dear god help us and save us, KSu and NLG make up the whole damned section of GH in SID. I can't even. .__.
"If he had to have [anal sex] I told him to find another woman who liked to do it, or else to do it with his mother ."
OMG ! NOW THIS NIGGA IS WATCHING #MakeItOrBreakIt WITHOUT ME !
Let's GO RAVENS!!!
That boy's hot enough to melt hell, burn satan too
"This position of not knowing but a willingness to share is critical" to the learning process. YES!
well whatever not going to worry about it now, there are a ton of hotels in that area so I'm not going to speculate
Fortune cookie: its time to rekindle an old friendship
so we can't show are face
The only real aging process is the erosion of our ideas. - Albert Schweitzer
Class tweet
I'm good. How's the family?
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense. Tom Clancy
Happy Valentine's Day :)
Of course he missed. Dude didn't even bend his legs!?!
Gonna play golf with tiger woods..well the cuban version(victor novoa)
I don't need a religious version of a prescription. I don't need answers about the nature of God, the universe and eternity. How boring!
It should work beautifully for you, then. Hmm.
Spring is around the corner, and that means a new book! Our latest selection will be on shelves Mar 1. Any guesses?
I just sent you an email. Thanks for the reply!
Today is the first day of spring. Don't you feel like it was already here?
See if she'll clean up my room. Since she did the kitchen this morning
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will do anything for you!
I get no twitter love anymore :/ lol
Now at the tractor getting ready to listen to T-model ford. Probly be better than the mariners game.
Just implemented existing Epic mychart ap RT : Kaiser Permanente just made 9- Million EHR s available on line to the patients.
The moment that u'r hungry AF But u can't find shit in the fridge to eat, Ugh where are my cookies. *BAM* o right my parents took them >:(
#Badgers signed as NFL UFAs: Antonio Fenelus (Indianapolis), Aaron Henry (Oakland), Patrick Butrym (San Francisco), Kyle Wojta (Chicago) ...
out for a cruise
Oh! That terminal hack RT'ed has zork installed! Must. Resist. Playing. ... Open mailbox. Take leaflet.
#GoSpursGo survive a tough test as they stay undefeated on their rodeo road trip with an OT win against the Clippers- make that 10 in a row.
Well I can't sleep and no ones up
girl Ben and Jerry period is the bomb! I just had their frozen yogurt and that's was delicious!
Thanks for following! Where can we hear your latest music?
Angie’s List Plans to Raise as Much as $114.3 Million in IPO
TY :) U Too : hi ladies, wishing u a good week, order & cleanliness this week #BurgMYT”
Don't even try
To follow suit, I think I will have "Jura!" and "Epoisses!" tattooed on either side of my navel.
Grew up Fast
Just like America is loosing out on all the money being spent on fuel, taxes, and food while you line your pockets?
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
just about 6ft.
back atcha man
Had a great acting rehearsal! My partner n I killed it as expected so stoked! We watched East of Eden & James Dean is officially my idol ;)P
lol yo we got some gansta coons ova here, you gotta bring a friend when you take the trash out
needless to say that I hate cockroaches, they are scarier than a GHOST. dammit I was sleeping :[
May is defiantely MY favorite month, so many birthdays in my family & friends + MINE!
If you accidentally curse out loud while saying your prayers, you should probably start over
I hope so too!
Get ready for TWEETFEST!
drafting a Safety in the first round @ 28 would be a mistake. Other areas of need that have greater depth.
omg I heard Mitt Romney is converting! YAY!!!!!!
Don't be Tardy for the Party! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> LOL I can't get this out of my head...
Awww. Now I feel bad that I killed some sasquatch. Well played Red Dead, Well played.
I went on a date with a poser
Amazing show tonight! Thank you!
. : The only thing Chris Christie has been any good at is boosting New Jersey's buffet-based economy.
everything is going good abaut to start school soon
After returning from just a few days away I've found myself in RSS feed hell. Special thanx to #hackernews #slideshare and
Photo of panel: Keeping Social Media Real & Organic at
SOTU was very entertaining when paired with the twitter feed.
you're amazing. we love you so much<3
Just sort of a general, clubby, lux brand obsessed type guy... well, this is embarrassing. Sorry to bother you.
I think you've been hacked.
I'm feeling this is directed at me...
Come on, Mom! That valet was wearing a Celtics jersey, you know we can't beat them :(
We're in New Smyrna Beach getting stoked. You should be here!
I just miss you, and want you by my side.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho Who they hate to be around
what u mean WE kimosobie!
I responded! :) and I'll DM you my #
My only worry is that the stress of the busy workday will put me in a cranky mood and I'll be a jerk in the interview.
RIP David Broder
Glad to see that many of you will be visiting our booth at the #NAGGL conference in October. It will be great to meet all of you!
Everyone should go make a Keek because they are super fun and followand subscribe to
History, let's do this..
Twilight's been open for 45 minutes already! Happy Hour till 8! Tonight's Special: Fried Calamari w/ Lemon Garlic Aioli....$7!
Anyone know what channel the #bulls game is on? Chicago Comcast apparently sucks.
How to make librarians groan: Tell them your department wants students to use an in-house citation style.
Thur App Special: Moroccan Spiced Sea Scallops with Toasted Almond Mixed Herb Couscous & Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
jacob has the worst ideas
Thanks for getting Kitty in today on short notice! Wonderful staff!
Sergio thanks for the RT.
Seeing my phone on 3% with no charger around is that hurt
Olive Garden for the first time since 8th grade prom <3
with proper planning for sure!
Valentines Day is a good time of the year to be single lol
Im tryna help ppl launch their clothing lines hit me upp shoutout to all my followers rt retweet
... Exquisite craftsmanship!
heard you're in town. If you have any free time I'd love to catch up. Hope you're well.
Thank you for asking. My son's prom was great...the pre-prom photo op-memorable. Check Facebook. See you at
Working with Green Screen, Teleprompter, and a really bad cold. The show must go on!
thanks very much for the mention. Greatly appreciated. Just subscribed to your Wine Daily. Cheers!
I'm salty Twitter won't let me log in on a desktop or laptop. And my Hotmail won't let me either.
Rereadng "art & fear". What you need to know in your next piece is contained in the last piece.
Thanks for the mention Marla.
it is isn't it? I couldn't resist asking u about the ending...so many people had different reactions.
Go from making $80K to $120K! We'll show you how to market, sew in weaves, make invisible wefts & make lace wigs. Email
follow for a follow anyone? or a shoutout?? <3 thanks love evryone!
Check out Traildance Awards Ceremony streaming on UStream! will be live soonish!
Directions are pathetic. Do they not realize that 1Direction wouldn't even be there if it wasn't for Big Time Rush. I'm so pissed off.
at first I was sad the tone deaf vids were short...that feeling changed. Wow. Wince.
We are now selling fiberglass insulation! Prices are great! Compare us to the competitor, lower prices AND better service
Thanks for the follow, Heather.
Who was at our set yesterday at RockSprings Church!?
RT Lamp Mode Recording Presents:Hazakim Theophanies album release party! Hip Hop event 6/27 7pm catering by
"Fish Pump" is now my 2nd fav poker term. 1st is "Chipwrecked," which is what happens after being up 2 buy-ins & leaving down 4.
I should be on one.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
James call me this weekend. Let's get lit
oops! fixed!
HEARD YOU GOT 2mill #DOWNLOADS TODAY... THATS WUZ UP... #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th here in the #H.. get at me
As of 1/1/12, North Dakota no longer requires the debtor’s social security number or Federal Employer Identification Number on UCC filings.
alright Feli, see you !
I'll be there too!!
Flatstock 29 starts TODAY! in Austin - FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
the cuts to out of school programs are destroying opportunities. We need your help- the Hardy 8th grade kids?
my phone blows up with tweets from haha. That always makes me smile and laugh.
Ban from #CourtsideSeats not fair at all . This is a free country right ? Wake up Wade
Sir Paul McCartney is performing with full rigor. He is almost 70 years old. Unbelievable.
oh ok cool. I'm still in the D. You in OKC?
Thank you, Elizabeth for adding #value to our Systems & Design Thinking course on Tuesday.
It is going to be pure awesomeness! ;)
<-- Dallas, large global call centers, Strategy and Innovation team. Educating myself in this space (Hello All)
C'mon IU let's finish it...
I love you <U+2764>
Jimmy Fallon reminds me of Ted Mosby.
Wow! What a week! Special event tomorrow...1-4 p.m. See you here!
I cannot wait for you to wreck Lauzon in the land of the east. Rep 414 and return victorious!
Good bkgrnd, but more intervention wud only b worse - Dimon is a protected puppetmaster. Do you watch RT - CapAccount or KeiserRpt?
it's unbelievable how many dumb asses there are in this world :p
My budget unfortunately is tiny, so big shopping bags are doubtful but there will be gift(s) for you Nigarrr
What could be better than goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I right?
there are always upsides right? this weekend I have missed my family/the west a lot too!
give me some audio, if you want to be a DJ I might be able to help
Dear God, please be nice to me today and help me get noticed and followed by the beautiful Jasmine:) Amen!
Wow. No Woman No Cry right after I and Love and You. Good job spectrum
bwaaaaa ha ha ha ha....I still wanna know though.... #lowkey LMAO
RT : We sure are excited! We're thrilled to be part of the La Cienega Design Quarter!
So I'm just gonna say it and risk it: and are really good looking!
Changing the wallpaper of one of our computers because it is a picture of a hot dog and it constantly makes us want to eat one. Bad news.
i have no idea. im a terrible nba expert. i just watch the clippers mostly and then i bag on the lakers haha.
DRAMA: You say you hate it, so why do you create it? You say you don’t need it, yet you continue to feed it!
Thank you to for always being an "Inspirational Woman" and supporting breakfast !
jorge: 1:26am just lost power here. shutting it down for a bit.
Don't waste time looking at the hill -- climb it.
I thought you had to go to that work thing
I can soo do that!! just not on Saturday's!! :-)
Via for Oct '11 "184M US net users watched online video / avg of 21.1 hrs per viewer / total US audience viewed 42.6B videos" Wow!
#autism RT : Dolphins owner Steve Ross' generous contribution helps Autism Speaks dinner raise record $1.3mm in NYC tonite.
I've thought I've seen the same, but monthly proceeds #s don't bear that out. More likely decreased compliance.
people are foolish
in my presence herb will be A1.. Im appalled
no problem! Love your music and I know our listeners will also
aad me on Facebook email:
i love eating nutella sandwiches.
It's almost #HIMSS12. We're looking forward to seeing our great customers and #HITsm and #HealthIT friends. We'll be at booth 4041.
One thing is for sure, the Southern University fam will not let their system go down without a fight! We are with you
Wendy's fries dipped in ketchup then Frosty, baby approves!
tonight was season 2 episode 3 so, lucky you, you need to watch season 2 epsiode 2 online - will give you more frame of reference.
Hello, we received a message from you and would like to know who should I contact please.
Excited abt taking a research fellow position at the Center for Connected Health in Boston, examining ICT in health care.
Wish I could be there. So proud of you twinsie!
and myself at #chalet for some #oldstyle and
Y am I blocked by ppl I don't even know
obvi! are you team peeta or team gale?
Awe. Some. Awesome! :)
get prepared.
Ugh... This cold is bugging me now. Second time in a month. I teach snotty little kids guitar lessons... It's my own bloody fault.
why can't I ever be as popular as you?
Hey, Halloween's just around the corner: "Trick or Twiglet"! I'm a Twiglet millionaire, and I'm MISERABLE about it.
#FF enjoy your weekend kittens!
I can't, you're not following me! ::sad face:: But I'm interested!
Merry Christmas everyone!
damn worked out for over 3 hours today
it's where all the coaches come together to learn about new products and celebrate accomplishments.
Well, we have zero book budget, so I just request, cross my fingers, and hope they show up one day.
I like Ensiferum but Amon Amarth stomps them and beats them with Thor's hammer.
you need to incorporate some alcohol into your workout vids hahahaha
Just reached 700 Thanks for following me, I pray it will be worth your time for I know following you guys will be worth every second for me!
has taken the stage here in Richmond, KY!!!!! Killin' it!!!!
how's the GA search going?
Can never let your guard down with #LAUSD!
"Disorderly House" would make a great book title
forgot to add the very important #howisthatarealjob?
FUMBLE! Beavers jump on the loose ball!
now i'm sucked in to browsing all sorts of excellent discussions like "Why do most public toilet doors open inwards?" Great site.
Anyone encountered the tall, sweet incessant man that plays Beatles songs on his guitar st. subway transfer btw F & 1/2/3 trains?
sorry for your loss...may you cherish the good memories you have, and remember the good times to get through this sorrow
FOLLOW ME LOUIS!!!!
thanks, glad you are enjoying it!
We have our own study coming out on this subject. Good points but misses several key elements.
We think so too. It's genius!
Lakeside Carwash -- we have a vast variety of air fresheners but they all smell like baby powder.
Being outside > studying
#TheVoice i will never understand why Juliet simms didn't choose Adam Levine he was singing along and everything!
Done with rough cut for Monsters Under the Bed. I think I will have to reshoot a scene.
Social conservatism makes me heart-sick. :-/
I love you so much. You're so inspiring!! Plz RT! It would mean a lot!
24 hours in a day ... 24 beers in a case ... coincidence?
Wallahi that bitch ass girl can go to fucking HELL
admiralty law, common law and the sovereign
o hope they no I was playn!
This Saturday I have a competition. I am very excited!!
I don't know about you guys but my 2011 seems to just be one colossal failure.
Just drew the coolest face on my stomach
...what is beginning to happen to it. - Marshall McLuhan
I'm so hungry and I don't want to do this speech #distracted <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
It's kinda fun to 'spy' on on O while she's at daycare.
Oct 28 #1970 : US and USSR agree to discuss joint space efforts. Oct 28 2011 : 2nd night of AR Gurney's #CHILDREN!
In essence - employees ARE the company...their collective voice personal or otherwise IS telling the story!
#TeamAnthonySpears :} you know you wanna follow me.
No school tomorrow or sunday!
Keep upt the good work man!!
HaHa--we are talking snow, right??
What an honor it was to be your first US gig and the only US acoustic show - it was exquisite! Thanks!
you should always keep your friends close and you enemy even closer its crazy in life you can never quickly determine one from the other
Catching up on a month's worth of / T-Foster podcasts while writing ... some of these rants are pure gold.
No one even cares.
Not to slack off on other award winners at #hhawards but I can't spell their names! Oops! You can read about them in tomorrow's
I always creep on your page.
planning a tour of national parks in the U.S. camping and volunteering...
true, i was hoping potus would do some sangin - i'm not a fan of the fallon show to begin with, so i have low expectations
“: I love you guys so much <3” we love you too Alex<3
I agree and mine !!!
Believe you can and you're half way there!
"My memory is so bad" " how bad is it?" "how bad is what?"
don't eat me
Grown men trying to bum rides off women they don't know. Me politely saying "hello" doesn't mean you know me, k.
nevertheless...that's awesome...I'm a huge fan of motorsports of all kinds..enjoy the rest of your day!
i woke up in a good mood (:
1 of the #SOPA sponsors is @ this conference. Do I throw a shoe or Tonya Harding him w/my cane?
me too!! btw did you change your 'name' here?
nature's light show is over
Thankful for my kids, too, of course, and lots of supportive people who've taken me right where I was, and loved me anyway.
Public comment going on right now for #FatCityLofts project...about 60/40 against the 232 apartment units, 4,485 SF of retail space.
Sad I missed the final game of the NBA season. I was making chocolates with the girlfriends. Sports > chocolate
I HATE RED-LIGHTS!!!!
the regular...it was cheaper haha
I wish I had someone to physical fight with! My anger would all be out by now!
did you win foldin' money?
CSR Launches Industrys Most Highly Integrated Processors for Printers, Scanners and All-In-Ones
Oh you flatter us! "Love this team and this product. The most thoughtful behaviour change tool I think there is." Thank you!
BE who you are didnt listen what people want you to be. Be who feel more like you. :)
Let's go Penguins!
Had up ass shaking like a stripper , ha !
#euopenhouse Finland was my favorite and then UK!
im in the bay area too wat part?
You are hella beautiful
hey I just sent u a request on Fb. Check out my clothing line and maybe soon we can hook up a photshoot since u so BAD. Lol
I agree with you.
lemme work on puttin my project team together... I don't do real work no mo
But I'm totally projecting all my trust issues on him. Lol.
Gotta love the late call from TV teddy. Never fails.
Haha its not birthday, but thank you! And I'm following you already:)
sweet- I will check them out tonight? Is this a new band?
I wouldn't make a very good criminal because everyone seems to remember me wherever I go. No matter how long it's been.
F*CK YOU guy in the green shirt, you f*/;king Colts fan!!!
Adults-only Gaga gig rocks Seoul
We've got a facebook! ^__^ www.facebook.com/allurae
I agree. My boys loaner IS has bright white DRLs -_- <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Great EHR and HIT content !
Cooking pizza
Wondering if will debut the new baby at the parade. There will already be a babysitter there for Wes, right? ;-)
Right?! What's next, Fifty Shades of Grey?
I'm in
I am working on a contract now where the company pissed off their engineers and the all left (or so I am told). What a mess.
my twitter feed, in concentrate: Cariou v. Prince, Ai Weiwei, Ai Weiwei, pinterest, Cariou v. Prince, museum-museum, pinterest, Ai WeiWei
Few understand thinking, reasoning as a human prerogative. No other species is blessed with this faculty.
its a long story.. i got shot twice... got surgery and went into a coma
Just got the full version of what you texted me about and yes... I threw up a litt... not gonna lie... Have fun with that!
fer what??
On the phone with and just so knows to stop tweeting me. :)
Welcome to Twitter! I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do. Also am glad to have another way to keep in touch.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout everybody runs to that one area.
1st chance to really break down internal barriers #KYF2 and focus x-functionally on
I think your tweets are set to private you can probably change it under settings
I tried to make it through the day today without saying "Just" at all. I made it to 10:49 AM.
haha yeah, watch the first one. Its
should've come to Five Guys in BK
Our Postings Reflect Real Xperiences, However Your Visit Should Be Unique, So Pls Allow Us To Customize 4 You.
Raven stay on facebook
I'm at the second act break of my sci fi script and I think I'm gonna throw out my planned third act and see where my characters take me.
Hello Chicago!
The ending of #BlackSwan ALWAYS gets me.
Music Industry Designs upgrades your image with websites, logos, business cards & more!-Contact Us Today 215-666-8397
Can you follow me,OnceAponAGrande sent you a message,Umm...? It would mean the world to me!
Nothin like working on labor day
Had a great time writing with Carolyn Dawn Johnson last night!!!
#rush to make the plane. Crazy night in Sobe, now off to
GO. THE FUCK. AWAY
getting money from getting that money music..fuck that
I just saw outside...eating my bandwidth.
I don't if its by Cody Simpson :D
yes I'm talking to you?
#TwoThingsIWant something REAL,& A better relationship with god himself.
I just had a dream about eating broccoli. Lame.
At a school district where collecting items 4 the Christmas Neighbor program has faculty kissing a pig as reward 4 getting over 2K items
Not drinking enough? RT : Why does insist on randomly unfriending people?
haha yeah I know what you meant. & ewww that was gross...
Off 2 Zurich via train 2day, will visit Beat Kennel, then din-din with Bulach friends. Back in the USA on Mon, & picking up my new Caddy!!!!
I wish would get here so we could watch Parks & Rec! GOD I MEAN REALLY.
do we need to hve a counseling group ?
My pleasure, absolutely love your insightful tweets. Thank you! many ways of contribute i'll pm you all the details.
The Avengers was pretty amazing. Hope that got a buncha people pumped for comics.
U have the thinking of someone who believes the #media on their #TV -youre SO wrong. #Russia = trying 2 protect #Syria from
well, I'm gonna be a busy bee this summer. Pun intended.
The hit parade is on!!!!!!! Go have a beer Josh. Tee time at 8am
I think it's back up now!
Life is the bitch; and death is her sistahh; sleep in thA cousin; what ah fuckinqq family picture<U+2665>
Ooohhh yeah...gotta dig down deeper......love this song....itzzz stuck in my head...LOVE YOU
Indiana wants to know were u at !!!!!!!!
lets go see the raven tomrrow night !!!
hey hey. Trying to find a good date for the
Playing Words With Friends. Almost tried to play "OPACY" as a word. #Orioles #openingdayyet?
At work as usual...Its a good day!
AT&T U-Verse is not compatible with Macs, but they won't tell you that until after you cancel.
Gate checking first class bags while the FA uses F bin space for personal bags on the A321? Seriously ? Happened on 2 flts in row.
A pleasure meeting in person today w/
I swear to god... I went to the mall yestrday, (In Fl.) I swear I saw you..... This guy looked just like you....
I liked it too and thought it was awesome. I like to be entertained. I don't go to superhero movies for deep thoughts and such
ok we will take a lemonade instead!
Super fun improvised comedy callback 2day!
I love waking up early and going to eat breakfast with
Kamen p'wnd by the realities of resource dependence.
Confession-"and forgive us our debts"
"I'm begging you to be my escape."
bahaha i aint had mr heros in a minute
Friend: "I hope you burn in hell." Me: "I hope you step on a lego in the dark!" Friend: *gasps* "Take that back!"
yes, very inspiring. New meaning to the smell over in North Las Vegas. Multi millions of dollars of smell.
Early bed for jaclyn. Im too tired.
or a burrito, taco, enchilada, or perhaps a fajita , but uh... What's Canada bringing to the table? Crumpits and tea?
$5,000 reward offered in cat poisoning cases in Santa Fe. Details at www.apnm.org
yeah! you go, girl. :) cheers and happy holidays to you, too!
how'd u get dust514 code?
Thank you everyone for such a successful weekend! Love this place!!!
Thought-Should Joe have bought in Rapada to pitch to Joyce after save was blown? DRob now lost now for two days!
FINALLY WATCHING THE SEASON FINALE OF DESPERATE HOUSWIVES. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> goodbye to my favorite show.
My Following number is going down and my Followers number is going up, all while I've been signed off for days. Did I miss something?
Always proud to support such an amazing charity
Cant close my eyes
Whats up with these may showers?
just got home!
I usually drink it warm
hey follow back?
: Enjoying PARIS IN LOVE. I share your taste in museums!
kick game comes in different flavors
gotta think D's have another route planned here. Lawsuit/other maneuver to force delay? Or maybe kill it and extend 1603 & PTCs?
yea , im bored !
hey!!!! Hope to see u! How did the prez go?
Fuck. That was dumb.
FURIOSITY is on ITUNES!!!
HEY IM WATCHIN IT WITH U TOO!!! scariest movie eva!!!!!
When do we get to hear #Coast2Coast?
Just give it some time
Thanks for sharing this man. Appreciate ya
Good morning folks!
#Linernotes.....what a great night!! great crowd, great energy!!!
If you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said that it'd be easy, they just promised it would be worth it
Shit ain't funny. You ain't gotta love me
- How ya doin' over there? :)
hm, it does answer a lot of questions tho :P it does tho!
Strasburg* my phone actually auto corrected that last one wth? Lol
while your talking behind my back, feel free to kiss my ass.
New SPRING MENU starts tonight! (think Deviled Eggs, Greek Meatball Sub, return of the Binkert's Corndog, and much more...)
I'm moving back. I'm leaving fgcu.
I would like my legacy to be teaching the masses that "anyways" isn't a word.
SXSW + Saint Patrick's Day = SHEER INSANITY
Psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
At National Autograph convention in Pasadena!
Excuse me, Ms. Dion!
"imma make you shine bright like you Layin in the snow...brrr" THATS SO HOTT JUSTIN!!;)
I'm just about to sign out of the other account on this dumb ass Twitter app...
Watching friends with benefits with the fam
Oh how I wish I had a and a to have a big drink with me at the new spot....where my girls at !!!? I know, working...
Making my craft list.. caged in for hurricane #Irene = lots of time to be crafty! #wedding #etsy fun :)
Go follow Vegas' own Olympic hopeful Reindell Cole he is currently training w TEAM USA
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity. - John D. Rockefeller
Today will be an annoying and boring day.
I do lol I love sleeping, I have a dark hooded figure in my room, I've had it since I was 6 lol it's a ghost-like thing LOL
Another successful morning in the studio writing worship music w/ !
That's the truth. Dead on, Jason. Keeping it in perspective. Dead on. RT : We need more Tim Tebows in sports.
Hello--catching up with the real world today! Creative community? Well, I'll be next door to DH and his car project LOL!
Huh love??? Don't forget my meds have kicked in!! lol
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 274
History repeats itself, i'm an OF soldier.
": Despite her childish looks, a #Scorpio female is a real woman with a free soul."
it seems that u r having great time with ur brahs ;)
drake is one of the coldest rappers besides kanye west
We are making progress!!!!
Does anybody else spend all of their free time watching Aaron Rodgers' highlight videos? #justme?
Q. What did the advertisement of the Yoga teacher searching for new students say? A. "Inquire within"
1 fried drumstick is roughly 200cals YUCK!
its either very funni or very sad when people r supposely blind(stupid) by love (sigh)
BTW, if you're interested in cultural or socio economics, you might swing by ASSA to check us out. It's a pretty substantial list this year!
oh no! We didn't say hi! I was there too. :)
Used my HRM for the 1st time on a run today & it shows my calorie burn as WAY lower than I thought it would be...by like 150 calories. Huh?
does milwaukee change its tune on tuni? probably not, but that was huge.
I missed the #creatures video premiere by !! Damn it! I'm very pissed..UGH!
44 Is G
or downing's stat of 0 goal 0 assist
Hash tag, number sign, tic tac toe board. Whatevs.
Not sure I'll catch it live. Do you know when they'll post audio on their site?
RT : Growing up, HeMan was my favorite after school comic to watch- so it's extra cool they had Skelator do the Halftime show
Glenn I emailed you 2Yrs ago that the 1933 emergency Powers Act. of FDR is still in effict so why don't you look innto it first
I will say that this sandwich is fockin amazing. I missed u
Happy National Shrimp Day!
beginning work on accessioning 's Haiti Memory Project interviews into Nunn Center collection. Bilingual OHMS by fall i hope!
You are a good man, Corey Smith.
“: If you fear rejection, get a job trying to hand out free samples at the mall food court, problem solved!”
Great sound! Just added a new station to Pandora "Sonos Radio" Looking forward to hearing more.
shut up!
The house always seems to get cold around this time
can sing at my wedding and funeral #Fan Fan Fan
Its a great day to make the world a better place! Tomorrow lets start judging by values not value.
You are not my friend mommy, you're my best friend.
I'm pretty sure I need a breakfast drink.
FYI, I fixed the line breaks so that the posts in my website repository are easier to read on github.
being a Os fan means fantasy baseball! Let's get your top 5 at each position fantasy wise
Big Ben's hat is paining me more than the loss.
I'm calling the police!
Crawling into bed with bug spray still on my body
Enjoy Austin! One of my favorite cities.
That actually made me laugh out loud. Im d to play
: who was that girl #Katie ya'll were talking bout this morning? that was TOO funny ^_^
I cant wait for school to be over ;)
lol i bet
-- the startup, not the band -- Love the logo. When's the t-shirt available? Seriously.
I balanced all, brought all to mind The years to come seemed waste of breath A waste of breath years behind In balance with a life, a death.
I lost one of my shoes at Cheap Thrills.
i found another gem
yea...after i already knew...smh lol
CEO Sheldon Adelson: Your customers want online #poker licensed in the US. Please support licensing & regulation.
You definitely shouldn't follow the owner because his tweets are awful and you definitely don't want to know what he's up to
Little lost hipsters...
You know is a joke when their update today was about their own stupid contest and never mentioned
grateful dear extremely grateful
when she takes the camera focus of her boobs & on her face, she really isnt that attractive.
When you do, contact me. I work for the biggest plaintiff's employment-discrimination firm in Arkansas.
"Daddy issues"
#newplay yes. But want immediate reflection to be dangerous. I confess my interest in #occupy plays is safe engagement
i wasnt was i?
The Oscars is the only of the major award shows that comes even close to getting it right, and they nailed this one. Congrats, "The Artist."
Why is there ALWAYS some kind of dental professional on The Bachelor?! Is this any indication of where I'll end up if I pursue dentistry?
you never text me ! :/
what about beginning teachers with little resources to draw on?
Hey #Chicago what shopping local mean to you?
Nope, not over yet.
Home from DC. Well, not quite. In the office now, but heading out at noon. Early flights are rough.
RT - NFL UPDATE - The Jacksonville Jaguars have sold enough seats to their home game against the Tennessee Titans to ...
OOH KENNY U A DAMM LIERR FOLKS IM BEATIN HIS ASS ON MY MAMA HEAD I AM
5000 business cards for $90.00 today and tomorrow.
im grown I do wat I want!
you are doing many things right! (lol) One is sharing your important message in your book, Nice Girls Just Don't Get It!
Wow, I must of been tired when I tweeted that...Let me know how you like #Fireworks NOT Firefox. LOL
#letsberealistichere the mustache makes you look like a pervert. Shave that shit!
you'll need yo go to the gym right now I just got back back and I'm catching up with you'll
Anybody got those red/wht retro 14 size 11 for sale???
"I'm pretty sure it's not safe for us to drive to in and out...no it's cool I have my glasses " convo between and myself
haha I hope so - i dont know if i can deal with
Nothing cleans the colon like some oakland gyros with extra hot sauce
wahhhh no love. kidding, love you more!
RT : For me, I think it was about 6 months from that point until I sold my car. (NB is cheaper and has...
Previews & discussion leading up to AAC&U Gen Ed & Assessment next week in New Orleans? Looking forward to it!
one of my followers!
Upsetting to hear about robbers in Escondido killing a little dog at a home they hit. Police say it's part of a series of crimes... News8
**Slots open April 27th and 28th, hit me up! **
Salt Water Taffy(: yeah(:
Check out tons of photos & more on our facebook page at "Slyder Football" and please "like" us if you can.
ooVoo. now. James is willing to help.
What is the difference between regular and ultra grade airsoft guns? target :)
I'm trying to remember when it was - early 00's?. It was fantastic. You could play until you got a ? wrong, getting $.5 each time
Man riding bike in Lebanon robbed
You're 13. You smoke, you're not a virgin and you wear more makeup than you do clothes. Your mom must be so proud.
And let the fun begin! Just boarded the Cardinal at Cincinnati to Chicago - Janice is taking care of the sleeping car passengers
FACT OF THE DAY: WOMEN DON'T LIE THEY JUST AVOID THE TRUTH ANY WAY POSSIBLE. SHE THINK SHE #SLICK HA'
Somtimes i wish they would die
I know right, one time my flight was late by 2 hours, i mean 2 flippin hours!!!
": #NOTSC #Saints coach Sean Payton signed a one year deal to become paper towel spokesman for Bounty: The Quicker Picker Upper."
there are plenty but check who sponsors are so you can tell who is woth it. is woth it.
agreed, it's interesting to see how well they are doing, right?
Talking to my PT...What ya up to?
oh great to hear, didnt realize you were back!
love is pain & pain is love
I despise PHX... how the f*ck is this game tied.
Ol' sucka ninja, always rappin, cake making ol' jive turkey foo...
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (heabt)
finally social networking I understand!
Congrats to to being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!
i used to use goog docs, and switched to dropbox. works really well for me
I want it to be august
I love you too Michelle Schwab <3
Follow me on instagram
How do you stop students from getting distracted by links? Say read it through first, then back to links. But will they do that?
It's a Beautiful Morning! Aw, let's take a walk outside in the sunshine! Have a Fantastic Day! :)
Thanks Christine!
sold on rstudio
Wanna try something new...
admit it. We all love homosexual porn cinemas. .
my stomach needs to get back to houston soon for a vacation from my vacation.
Forgive me. I meant the "Fighting Blanks," not the Bison.
Thanks. Now I HAVE to stay up late to read/watch it. You ruined my #beautysleep schedule!
Feel better!!!:)
It already has. I have distribution. I'm going to be able to return to the WRP universe any time I want.
#Paterno & #Cain prove Edwin Edwards right:The only way I can lose an election is if I'm caught in bed with either a dead girl or a live boy
Okay with Clifton out of the mix what is GB game plan for his position?...since Clifton even with a bum back was their best OL..
At work. Having a great time boo yah
At branding seminar. Only way I recognized Corp of Engineers in "guess the brand" was because they are big on Twitter!
confirming two hot artists this week...tune in
Mondo Cane
I got next!
rainy first real day of summer in st. louis = 2 farmer's markets (!!) and best grilled cheese ever
love that film -- Strathairn is amazing. how is the florida sunshine treating you? 40's in chicago this weekend!
Just left Sanctuary in Chicago. What a great place. Thanks Marty.
Awesome! Thanks!
tommorow goin be a sad day
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Jamison will be there.
A tradition unlike any other. A great Sunday at the
"However if it is about $$$, at least bring more to the table than looks... Oh well, to each her own."
OMG ive been trying to be noticed for years by ! when will that day come? mabye after im done watching the movie today? #NSN!
RT : With gas prices this high who wouldn't want to win a family vacation?! Enter LEGO® Travel Adventure Challenge:...
man nvm i not excited about the new COD Black ops 2 trailer i can already tell from the whole technology they have it. the games gonna blow
Just changed my Desc, It Might help more people to learn about me. =)
Did u guys enjoy #RAWTonight ???
Congratulations to on winning the John H. Chafee Environmental Award. Making #NM proud!
Gingrich is going to be where my dad & cousin work. Not that I care about him, but my family might be in the background shots!
RT : I've a feeling my wallet is about to get a bashing...same here....worth it though
I can almost feel the pounds pile on from this holiday break... LoL
uptown Dallas, the crowd is getting crazy! Hook'em
yo, DM me a proper email to communicate properly with ya. Not sure if the one I got works - Mendez
Can I hit it in the morning without giving you half of my dough and even worse if I was broke would you want me?
thank you!
great night at Expo5! Again OVW delivers top notch for bottom dollar!!! True wrestling fans follow me and I will follow you!
I wish I knew more people who understand what I do.
Oh i'd love to! Ready? (;
absolutely. Best to get a pair you love and live in and spend a bit more on them.
ah I knew it. Hit me on the hip.
I need to start making my own smoothies at home. I don't even remember the last time I used my blender.
When are we gonna be on GOOD MORNING AMERICA?!? Coaches have hold me "You'll see it when you believe it."
just follow me! RT for that good ol' follow
Amazing night tonight. I met with a old friend tonight, just amazed how as time flies bye, good friendships never die to share life n dreams
Maryland now up 8-6 with 4 mins to go.....what avery great game. Hopkins owned the 1st half, but Maryland has Dominated the 2nd.
Melo will clutch it again
hhhhmmm gotta try it
One of these days when is free (and is fuggin with me), we will make some alternative music. It will dope
Finally home, another 12 hour day
Thank you cards 24-48 hours after say important things about you
talking halle berry and donkeys
A rasberry Iced tea sounds really good right now......
Watching the sun rise..
WHERE KENYON AT?!?
Kids these days. No respect for there parents. If that was me I would get a smack in the mouth, TO lmao..
Hey Portland.....how's that Oden pick working out for u?
They brought back "avatar: the last airbender" bur its called "the legend of korra" now :D super happy!!!!
Glad to see you've been to more countries than I have, . I think I've only made it to 18....gotta work on it! Tks 4 the follow!
Just landed in Miami! By the end of the day I'll be home again :)
did you almost forget it was #SEXUALWEDNESDAY??
Yeah, they have a cool thing going on. What do you like? I can make a recommendation. Anything I can do to support them.
i'll admit it, i'm excited for season 7 of KUWTK. #waitwhat?
your crew is ready!
Based on TV in Kentucky, BULLY is taking the south by storm.
To Work I Go.
Not now since Newt just got secret service protection. It'll be awkward if they show up for duty and newt quits.
Fundraiser tonite from 6-8pm at ! Email for details!
Having a piece of mine premiered 4/13 (Friday) at St. Andrews Episcopal Church in Highland Park, Pittsburgh. Downbeat is at 8. Seeya there!
this chick pretty
Spurs in 4, Thunder in 5.
You're welcome. Always happy to help in the NYC restaurant journey. Feel free to reach out at any time.
If tno laws, it seems a question of acceptable risk.The state decides some places, family elsewhere
G'Nitersz , hope yu had a gud note despite the complications...hmu.
Making 3 customized vans and crying coz you won't be able to get them for at least 7 months
I might say the same for USC grads :-) RT : Northwestern grads give reliably good advice.”
Okay I can't sleep fuUuuuuuu
that explains so much haha no wonder I don't remember the night
RT : 45% of twitter's 230 million tweets day originate from mobile - michael Abbott
How many kids whose families can afford the PPV price do you think would actually want to be professional fighters?
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Mardi Gras continues with Chicken Gumbo....and Bacon Blue Burgers
worship was great!
When you were having sex with him all he did was giggle at your boobs. Lmfaolmfao tff
saw a double-header of: "La Voix Humaine" and "Paggliacci" - the first one wasn't great, but the second was lovely
Come to Linneman's now! RIGHT NOW!! ROCK!!!
List making is time consuming.
can't wait for Friday!!!
cannot wait! Rod Stryker!
Up all night, tired all day. tomorrow will NOT be fun.
follow me?(:
SHARING IS CARING MY LOVE
Now the next and the backbone step, is to dig out for the right talent
I spy and on the big screen during the DPLA keynote at
Landed in an's VIP suite at beer fest a beer that tastes like white wine
An iPad 2 to every incoming student in the new MA program--one way to encourage hands-on thinking about platform.
she chooses the vampire of course. Why on earth would she want a dog.
that concert was FANTASTIC!!!
#freshmeat jack whitehall's actually quite funny, who'd have thought it!
Hopefully this crowd picks up here or I may consider trying to move down and get a closer vantage point! Come on Cavs fans!
Yeah yea this is how we kick it, love it when yo kick it, wish that we could do this all the time...
I'm getting really tired of hearing my own voice on that Stitcher promo. Anyone else feel like recording a new version for me? - Mike
HEY! WAIT! I got a new complaint.
Randy Ready? Really?
sometimes its lonely to live a state of only 600,000 people. very spread out you know.
the 50 round yoppa clip remind u of a curly fry, when i reveal this long ass gun man ima have the world surpised,
I love you. Just thought I should let you know (:
It's an impressive asemblage of librarians here iin my meeting with Random House.
I have and hope you have too!!! Thanks girl!!! Xo
well of course. How long have LAL been in the league? Only 1 team has more. Nothing to do with the present or future
see u in the AM
Grt news 4 the museum world. Congrats on ur NY fellowship --u deserve it!! Let me know u have a w/end to sneak away to Chicago
Mexican bakery is replete. It's Mexican mother's day and I'd forgotten. Oops.
stop in chicago will ya!
Omg... So excited for your album ! :)
thanks! Hard to sleep during the day tho. ;)
Hi White Strings Records.. Its great to be following you on Twitter.
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo I take a shower before I go to the gym.
Not gonna lie. Dominos has definitely stepped up their game. Still not gourmet but almost as good as Papa John's.
Welcome back to the excitement!
My managers gonna hit you back in the e-mail we needa talk about something else
Hi Doug! What is your exact date? Is it an exact reprint?
which tim? Got two cuzins named tim. This ewing tim rite?
A late Valentine's Day love story. Rebekah found true love. How did it go wrong? www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page today for comments.
Cam newton court side in all suns gear yeah!!!
Is there a plato's closet in el paso? If yes, can someone take me?
: when I get up make sure I take my phone.. : when I get up make sure I leave with you.
Are you still having issues with your desktop client?
So many awesome things happening for friends. So happy. Hard work pays off! Get to have some much needed Chris time tonight. #bringit!
Okay i wanna drink who wants to?
your a pure badass!
I'll have to check it out! Thx!
Up late workin on #NFG designs for warped tour & listening to #transplants. Some of my friends sell records, Some of my friends sell drugs.
Hey back! Got this while I was at CES in Las Vegas...140,000 people pawing at new devices. Pass the Purell!
That's how we roll!
please austin im begging yue plz follow me
Interfaith Worker Justice's 15th birthday is today. Consider making a birthday gift by going to www.iwj.org
D Rose gon do his thing but they not messin wit Melo after that 40pt game!
hey wat up man I notice that we have the same birthday and we in the same career and city...
This sucks..I need followers...
Usually people will only notice that you are balding when you have lost almost 50% of the hair in your scalp.
are you giving big?
": dudee french class made my day! lmaoo"
I know exactly :)
I miss someone who doesn't miss me :'(
I've got a golden twinkle in my eye
Also Thanks for following and welcome
So much to do laying the groundwork for a new high tech green energy product. A strong management team is critical to success.
thank you. You'll have to come when it happens : )
Nice day...think I'll take a bike ride :)
when will google drive be available for google apps users?
CHICAGO representing tonight in Vicksburg &
It's cute that you think government should legislate our families, but not your moneymaker churches,
Untangling early modern discussions of the evil eye and menstrual blood is not particularly straightforward, in case you were wondering.
Is your PMO not meeting the expectations of senior managers? You're not alone!
Hey, Textbook Industry: UP YOURS!
10 Ridiculous Pregnancy Questions From Yahoo! Answers - Babble (blog)
I know it's early. Any idea on Sherrods jersey number?
Jerico, Thanks for your hard work and dedication to the program over the past 4 years. I'll never forget your hit against Auburn.
A boxer dog was rescued from the top floor of a burning Haverhill home
Student marketing teams (win a dinner) to figure out best way to communicate with students. Feedback: send postcard to students' home (wha?)
I Always Say I How I Don't Need You, But It's Always Gonna Come Right Back To This. Please, Please Don't Leave Me.
What is one thing that someone has said or done online lately that has really rubbed you the wrong way?
hope your fingers het better :)
Raising the bar in 2012
but... pincers would be pretty badass...
Slow dancing in the kitchen with Betsy...if this isn't a country song, it should be.
it was a fun party
this Sat Only on at 9:30am. Can't wait to see what was done to the Go Team
I wish people would text me back
I'm right here in front of you, and I can't stop sh-sh-shakin
So excited For New Jonas Album!
Still on pace for 102 points!
well i kept on messing up lol and yesturday my hair looked a mess lol
until a later date most likely.
Registration is open for today's $140 buy in noon tournament. It's Saturday, which means it's a Bounty Tournament. Sign up until 1:40 pm.
Some slow risers on that one -> "so people like me and a fair share of the members of congress pay our fair share of taxes"
That's sucks how you been
Mirror mirror on the wall, whos the FAKEST of them al
did you have sex with that dog before or after the picture?
thanks for the RT. I'd live to catch up next time I'm in LA. Hope you both are doing really well!
nailed it on Dylan Ratigan's show today!
An incresible score by Canada! But it was too little too late as they fall to Argentina 19-12.
Thanks Betso! Up and Down the Court works perfectly! (I think you might like this one :-) )
thank you everyone for all the feedback and support for my first video!! love you all :) <3
"I wish 1D go back to the UK and be one of those UK artist that us Americans never hear of. Or rarely hear of." HAHAHAHAHA no.
No, repower 4 truth When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable. Descartes
Uh get to notice Hm sounds like a good idea to me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
question: how much lab time would u designate for students in a DH 101 class?
- we totally watched this at our arcade advisory board meeting this week!
Mass Effect 3 ending was fantastic. My Shepard would give everything for everyone.
#Str8LykeDes... Im going to a party when the last time you eva heard dat...
#YouTube's 490 million users uploaded more video content in a 60-day period than the three major US television networks created in 60 years.
Wells Fargo sucks a bag of dicks...actually most financial institutions do these days.
oh yeah... and i should really do my taxes soon.
REALLY? you're here.. In MS.. and jus started going with this girl, in Mexico. and you're in love with her?! have you even met her?! #SMH!
the Up All Night tour DVD is leaked on youtube asdfghjkhlgdj i'm so tempted to watch it
Playing a short set at the Hotel Indigo West End tonight at 9 pm! Would love to see some of you!
o hush you snapback back ! #bueshabangh that !
thanks for stopping in last night
I have yet to see any of my friends since I've been home
When the light turns green, u go. When the light turns red, u stop. But what do u do when the light turns blue w orange & lavender spots?
love watching u dance Julianne...look forward to it!
text a homie back
Thornton May. What the IT Leaders of the Future Need to Know. Session
Any alternative to Excel for making a quick x-y line graph? Preferably web based.
see you soon!
Legal protection or license to leverage Microsoft/AOL's R&D? Maybe some of both...
A man a plan a canal panama
Daughter asked me to come to school and have lunch wih her today for her 10th birthday...how could I possibly say no?
that's got to be motivating your clients ! Lol!
Listening to BITTY MCLEAN !!! They don't write 'em like that anymore! , whoever they are.
The Sun Publishes Best-Worst Internet Trend Piece Ever [Lolwut]
He gets so mad when I call him cuz lmao
I'm pretty sure I tweeted that b4, but I have to say it again cuz it irritates me so much
RT : Dear Haters, thanks for keeping my name in every conversation of yours. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
That exciting moment when you hit 100mph.
Yes!!! we have so much to be grateful for! And you are loved immensely, dear one! :)
Greg and the Todd. We're in trouble! !!
#internetarchive built their own scanning stations; commercial ones too $$. 30 scanning centers in 7 countries.
When you put honey in your tea, it transformers the last few sips of tea from being kinda leafy to kind of awesome.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs. William Shakespeare
Univision is starting to annoy me repeating them novelas nobody liked year after year ugh
found u!:p
I'm SO jealous. Please go to the crumpet shop in Pike Place and have a crumpet for me. Or five.
Cool Bro.
Challenges often make us realize we have more courage than we think and one person can make a difference in this world.
Yeap, it's going to take me 5000 man hours if you want it done right!
kids unreal. Hanks the reason they are in the playoffs but Jesus some of these goals are brutal. Cannot let up another.
Celebrating after making strides pink bra walk!
no problem. gotcha
News: New changes to the wiggles. M€e: they're finnaly gettingmarried?1
It's Friday Friday
Heading to #actorfest with and mama!
It's a kind of day! #PaintSplatterGalore<3
Yay! RT : Absolutely bloody delighted The Retribution is #1 in bestseller list. 1st time for me, w 25th novel. Never say die!
haha DOPE!!!!! Dys what's up!
already followed u! :)
Congrats and thanks to everyone who submitted their great work! Time to put on our dancing shoes!! WoOt!
My 3 year old pumped for her first plane ride. How cool is this?
Meeting w/ other synagogue & communal pros to talk about connecting to & partnering around
Ross Lynch in Austin&Ally.. that is one sexy ass boy!!! i love his voice<33 warms my heart<33
sweet, thanks!
Sunnyslope & Greenfield for lunch today!
Work out , bbl .
Overheard at Starbucks: "I did all my piercings on my body myself."
I CANT WAIT EITHER! :)
What a great quote!
#BOYFRIENDReview when I played it in the car, my friend who doesn't really like JB feel in love with it and him.<3
getting ready for this Pacers vs Magic matchup. I'm thinking the Pacers are gonna take this one. Gotta do business in between ..
Not a single thing in the entire world could have meant more to me this morning than my 7-11 brazilian bold.
you reap what you sow
Have you placed an order with us recently? Let us know how we did! We love getting your feedback!
Great seeing you guys non-virtually. I was very impressed by your talks, quite thought-provoking.
Movie was okay but overrated a bit too awkward for me.
Thanks for the #FF mention and for spreading the word about #OurSDVision!
Quote: Life is like a “Layer Cake”
why are most people mean..? #HATERS ask sarah but shhh. How's the salsa, I made it!
mic to receiver to laptop to PA system, I think.
Heat Fans if yall lose Sunday ...it's a wrap!
hahahaha I know!(x
The new scoreboards will be done for 2012, the South end zone renovations will be done for 2013.
like my new twitter? Lol
Wow 888 Followers! Cool! This one is for the #LibraryOfCongress!
the quick your'e here the faster you fall
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED YEEE SAW IT TRENDING :)
of course.. Same?
Jus Droppd Off Time Ta Go Home N Layout
It's sunny out! Enjoy your morning Pittsburgh!
happy birthday friend!
#swallt2012 keynote, Teaching on the edge: Language instruction in liminal spaces. W/ turn paradigms on side, make visible
no... We were not! Btw
Had a kikn new song idea in my head at work yesterday...got home and drew a blank! Hate it when that happens! Ready 2 start writing again;)
Thank you everyone who came out to support my charity event last night with With your help we raised over 200k! -Britney
have a fun vacation!!
or something to get signed too?
have to admit it..love it when the "Franchise" is on.....
RIP Maurice Sendak, you wrote some really weird stuff but I loved it as a kid.
Sweet! If you need anything please let us know!
I don't understand how people can be so fake.?.
Whoa, no kidding!
MAD MEN and business consulting: Management consultant could identify problems at SCDP quickly, would SCDP Partners act on recommendations?
ZirMed:We are the engine that powers your healthcare transactions,helping you collect money from your patients and payments from insurance
What happened?
Completely embarrassed to call NC my home tonight.
Not sure. Thanks for the RTing. ^dy
Thanks for the RT Tell us about a time when you've swapped skills?
yep started watching it and im hooked god i hope they lock her up forever!
Ha I wish I could take credit for this!
Swimming is my favorite because its the only time when a grown ass dude can urinate in public
that sounds great! I'm actually going to be at SDM on Wednesday with a friend, and otherwise I'm next free on 4/10 & 4/11.
i doubt it would be! :P
so I hope you will have time for mom
Yeah, what are the advantages of Skype vs Twitter or Twitter vs Guest Lecturer.
However, game development companies will only hire those who have already established a reputation
Ill take care of you...xo
I do not want them to meet in the NCAA which is entirely possible. I want to be able to root for both teams.
Downloading Peddl immediately. Love your app. Upgraded Craigslist for mobile. Awesome!
Hamlet and Queso is catchy
gold teeth are back
& I Simply Fukin Hate People. .
Good words to live by. RT : Thank you for the RT!
I will read your blog, Matt. Good luck to you. I went the JC route, too, and wound up getting my degree from UW-MKE.
High school senior Allison Bosse helped her classmates pledge to skip the ...: Since 2008, the organization has sponsored its "Your S...
Hi you're cool.
rainy new york day.
Hello May:)
We are extremely happy to have Dr. Rachel West be part of our amazing team!
watching the shitty ass mets
Have a great weekend. TY for your follows:
You sir, have been hacked.
I'm trying to call u
Not excited to go back to work today...
For the Class of 2012... We say "Never Stop Learning" some words of wisdom from Urban Flight Apparel TEAM.
DAMN , Imma Miss BOTH Games Fuckin W/This KB . Thank God For Smart Phones lol
I agree. #nba season opening tomorrow is gonna be sweet. A lot of great games on tap. Go #lakers woo!
Um, calm down. It's not like he killed someone, it's was a word he misspelled. Chill.
#mmfa2011 Alan Moore is getting us to think of outsourcing / crowd sourcing to change the world with mobile. Amazing
thanks for following!
So now Gasol wants to play.
"To move, or not to move from your hamlet?" That's the question increasingly asked by retiring boomers who are spurning retirement homes.
All this talk about cam newton! We dolphin fans are more concerned that we ended up with Matt Moore :)!
its 6:20 am i should be getting ready but fuck it You Me At Sixs music video came out while i was asleep :D
Missing girl has been found RT Sauk Co. authorities say 10-year-old Asia Crow has been found safe.
follow me thanks!:) followed u already:)
Nicely said! {:>) How are you Jodi?
W.wirelessmarketplus.com, username 5217516. Today I'll give you my pricing on sprint, verizon, and tmobile phones.
at U.Va: yo white fence is amazing
Try giving your customers valuable advice via social media rather than trying to oversell to them. Talk about how you solve their problems.
The Early Arrivals Reception is in full swing. Come join us at Texan Station for a drink!
ask him
On my way to WAKO british champs! -75kg
haha I believe ya (:
hehehe why thank you! :) it was really fun to play that role. Can you Skype today? :)
When do I find out if I get the next voxbox? have the emails gone out already I am so confused!
U want me to give u a shoutout?
came across someone that knew ya yesterday.. Awesome. Hello back at ya.
Beautiful! RT Flowery Nike
It's Tim Tebow Time! Or as I like to call it, non-execution of our offense and do-whatever-you-want-Tim Time.
When a guy says they like you just the way you are>
Such great stuff happening at mixer RIGHT NOW at ! Thanks for putting it all together!
bro, do i kno yu by chance ?
Bar after work: happening. Possibly alone.
I don’t care about your past. All I care is to know whether there’s a place for me in your future.
"And my head told my heart - Let Love Grow. But my heart told my head- This Time No, This Time No."
Scott and shawn, welcome to the page!
THANK YOU
HERE WE GO
Of course not. Who cares about kids in this town?
Start shooting another web series tomorrow..."Rogue Hunters"...reminds me a lot of Blade Runner!
Solar energy is being adopted because the petroleum reserves are facing depletion.
I hate CST's <U+E40E>
So your "busy schedule" this summer was to skip meals bitch? Join the XFactor or release some music. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Hooray! All safe on the ground. Check your CO detectors, everyone.
had an amazing day was booked solid all day with appts Yay!
journal everything that you eat. it will open your eyes to what you truly eat and make it easier to make healthy changes
Living the dream!!
Wiz Khalifa killed that Chewy remix. One of his best songs ever...
Thanks much! Spring fashion has arrived!
I missedU guys but I stayed dry & cozy, + cooked for a change!.Codfish coconut/curry with my Mango/Tamarind condiment +broken rice&Kale!:)
Pasatiempo looks fabulous. Thanks for the pics.
#TeamBoricua all day!!!
Your home is probably your biggest financial asset, which means it’s more than just the place where you live.
Good morning #Indy! Here's to a frighteningly fun Halloween for you and (on a side note!) a BIG thanks to our 102 followers!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your sister says your friend is better looking than you
Thank you to all those who have served, are serving and your families! I appreciate your efforts and sacrifice. Happy
May is National Posture Month and this week is National Nurses and Teachers Week! Make sure to show your appreciation!
Dear , I would like to ask you a favor(: Nothing big, just a wee lil one.. Sincerely, Jamboree.
Thanks kindly...-BF
I love alien 3 and so many people hate it. I love Charles dutton in. I love how unapologetically hardcore it is
off Schultz's "hockey pants", backside.
i need a starbucks now!!!
Didn't say it wasn't; I was referring to the "shit ton that they don't export" statement since I can't comment on those
I'm all so very thankful for Oliver. God is so good, I'm so glad He gave me him. I've never met someone so humble and dope at the same time
Today we remember brave men & women who gave their lives 10yrs ago & fighting for our country. America will never forget 9/11
Oh:"go deep, it's always worth the trip. "
Unfortunately ERRA had to drop off The Psychedelic Sex Metal Tour. However Design The Skyline has been added to the line-up!
wow- kept snow in mouth to avoid breath being seen! That guy is awesome/terrible!
Making #frenchonionsoup for the first time. Its more like American Onion Soup though
Reading Q: What kind of impact has the control revolution made on our government?
Day 2 of InfusionCon and I've lined up 3 DrivingYourMarketing podcasts interviews with awesome marketers!
imma drop - kick you down stairs! >.<
man I used to work for y'all...y'all chicken nasty then a bitch lol
Getting ready to play , at WWOZ
Little-known Indian faith has been here for more than 40 years
Working on some cool stuff for the Summer line, muahahahahaha (evil laugh) Stay tunned! -The TV.
This city needs more cabs It's a matter of public safety. Make taxicab commission grant more licenses.
I'm trying. But I can't drink coffee. So brainpower from me might feel a little... fuzzy.
Here at for the Grand Opening of is here till 4:00 PM 6-8 a Jazz band will be here! Great Food & fun!
Let's make this last forever and ever and ever.
Check out the video on www.youtube.com
Keep her!
The show tonight at STIR is cancelled due to the weather. Looks like we have to unplug ourselves some other time. It will be rescheduled.
A life without cause is a life without effect.
a lot of scammers out there right now, amongst other things.
Early morning Yoga. Committed to get Fit. Daddy's belly will transform from "soft like a pillow" to not as soft.
Antonymic Homophones: chili;chilly, weigh;way.
now stands for “Neat! Beer-Con.” Couldn’t have done it with out ‘em.
Merry Christmas to all! Hope you are having a fabulous day with your families!
Last final today, picked up my gown and bought a lifetime Union membership. I guess this graduation thing is really happening
Sorry to be harsh. No excuse. Lost my mind. Best to you and your friends.
i need to network more, i jus been real busy makin #NewMusic tho.
I'm so hungry
bet that
...and a Happy weekend to you as well!
It's not like #Briere 's goal was offsides or anything... Psh.
Real movers? or from Craigs List? ;-) Give handful of 10s to ring leader while all together & say, "Y'all split it however" ;-)
And so it begins!
how's it going brother?
Been meaning to order a CleanStart colon cleanse??? U can call TODAY (305) 603-8540 and place your order! $68 FREE SHIPPING today only!
Oh! Thank you for the advice!. I'll tint down the talk balloons ;) I was a bit hasty.
yeah, if he kidnapped 30k kids it would be huge news alot earlier than this.
40 oz's for 4 dollars at the bar. #vintage #mke Now time to get wasted at the wonder bar
Bro b4 hoes was the motto i thought, and loyalty was the key to friendship, summa dese nigga make me wonder, wet the bed wit me thats on u!
Holliday sounds good, so yay for Josh's grill! Can we add food signup to twtvite?
Oh, I will. (Enjoy it, not fall asleep. Fingers crossed.)
Solid 5 mile run this morning! Feeling blessed already today.
Well, I guess that's a good way to stay in shape! lol
RT : with dedication, enthusiasm, and joy of your job, you can be as successful as you want to be via
So tired of being tired.
Boi Christmas is gone be very good for me bro
Great night on the patio w/family & new friends. My tummy is filled with fabulous desserts & my nose is still defrosting :)
Hope u get excited about a new work week then u are passionate about what u do
RT Taylor gang Or get a hand job by Edward Scissor hands
hey guys
RT ESPYs party recap: if your wife says,"Who's that? He's REALLY cute!" and it's Sasha Vujacic, it's OK to dump a drink on her.
Two weeks until #westweek ..... Working on the weeks events... #Rugs #fabrics all at Christopher Farr ...more to come
Next: Dream Cities: Urban Utopia and Prose by Poets in Nineteenth-Century France by Greg Kerr for Autumn 2012
Sitting in my harry potter room because too lazy to move ;-;
A cat in my house has the jankiest eye.
“: Will be on at 4:45 talking about the NHL playoffs.” and ECHL playoffs I would assume...
NC State, I presume. You don't seem like the Nevada type.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
Old friends have me riveted watching Clinton. I remember "voting" for him in kindergarten
People should follow he is a real gentlemen.
Have to do simultaneous equations by hand since the mac I am on doesn't have matlab or excel. Tedious but doable. There is Open Office...
Yersterday have my own party
Got my hands in the cookie dough! Making it sweet!
Happy Sunday! Enjoy an Easter Bunny brown butter rabbit burger on our front porch on this glorious day!
LIVE Music tonight at Whiskey Chicks! Spring Break never ends here in OKC!
sent that song we did
What advice would u give soon-to be- college grads looking to enter the Marketing industry?
Behind my smile is a hurting heart behind my laugh im falling apart look closely and you will see the girl i am isnt me<3
--- Is this serious?? Doc just injected him with Synth T w/out anything being said?!?
MT : Had a total blast at UVA... I walk away all agog about the graduate students and SLab hackers. Amazing group.
hey I'm tweeting you c:
Dance your cares away .. Worrys for another day .. Let the music play .. Down at Fraggle Rock .. Down at Fraggle Rock <3
Back from DC. A little jet lag, but looking for a second wind. Had a great time there with the Gemmells. Warm in DC, and nice in Vegas.
guess what song we listened to in language arts ?! #Callmemaybe made me think of you teehee
Christian Dior Flow.. Kanye West.
#cheflife got a nigga tired today
Take a shot every time there's a hard foul or dirty play. You'll be drunk in no time.
Morning have a bless day
Just grinding it out until 2.
<U+2665> to for groovin' with me at last night! come back soon :)
<<< When I was up at Princeton I was thinking like damnn this school dead as fuck! Y'all senior year gon be wack af hahah>>>
I doubt it helps, but I'm craving it too now!
really just wanna hit something right now... i feel like
Justin's viddy > everything else
Hahahaha! I'd have a BLAST with your kids! :)
Enjoying the fact that my twitter feed is not clogged with live tweeting from SCOTUS arguments (and retweets thereof).
Congratulations!! Much love to u! Can't wait for our mud run!
It's 1130pm. Time to force myself to stop working for the night!!
SO excited for the game! Back to the line we go!
i just made $412.95! i hate the job, but i will continue to work there because it pays really well!
Any purchase from Lees over $5.00 gets you a FREE Tofu & Egg Taco....just show your reciept .... today till 2pm...hm mmhhhm daz rite!!!!
Watching coming 2 America before I pass back out... Love this movie
The internet is a scary place, kids. Especially when you are a stress bunny waiting for a call.
Somewhere we went wrong.. we were once so strong.. our love is like a song.
Happy birthday to my one and only bestfriend I love you girl. <3 everyone go follow her! That would mean alot to her:)
Perhaps fears the twitter effect. I'm at a news conference on Jazz Fest and can't get my hands on a news release... Hm
Next time u wake me up to yell at me ..... Were goin to have a seriouse problem...
Better then your 10 speed homie! : Nigga win the MVP and get keys to a kia.
Lady on the bus just busted out an old school Minolta camera and loaded it with film. I can't even recall the last time I shot film.
Is there anything fun going on in Denver this week?
NFL Experience is packed! Fill out the waiver online... Line's long!
We look forward to yours as well!
Beyond mad
R3hab tonight ! Clocks counting Down! Where are you gonna be tonight?
Flexing the power Mr. Jones, he crushed that one!
people are just buttholes dont worry about it
RedCrossPDX RT Been in the position of not knowing CPR. It sucked. And it's so easy. Learn it.
#England General Hooker was American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
lights camera action when I walk through the door how bout the pool
I agree, but the shit still happened and he deserves his punishment
I wana know how ain't no nigga good to y'all?
We are getting excited about upcoming updates to our website... Archer 2012 Website Coming Soon!!
Sometimes I can be such a needy person :-/
we're at the booth...
They are shooting an Elliot Gould movie next door. would cream his jeans.
Haha. Just ask to use the restroom.
It sounds amazing .....SO FAR SO GOOD!
I miss my car SOO much.
Get paid everday
#TurnberryToDo: Flower Pot Decorating: Perfect gift to give mom/dad! Beginning at 3:15p.m. on the Laguna Lawn. $10
I know.
Second chin beginning to form is a cruel reminder that however good life may be, I cannot eat all the Tex Mex I desire.
Who would like a couple of FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco? (we have some guest list spots for our Twitter folks!) DM us!
What you know about them
Agreed! RT but where is the relish? No burger should be served w/o a healthy dollop of McClure's Spicy Relish!
aw thanks:)
There's definitely a need for more books on open source web mapping. Are either of you in NYC for AAG conference?
haha she fat to?
off to SB for a spot of downtime and modwork, 7days til I hit Irish soil again ... strangly excited altho ill miss my besties here<3 Luv u x
I love it I love it i love it i love it when you eat it
oh twitter how i miss u!
RT Biden: What other institution...has the power to take on this concentration of power and wealth?
"Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess." ~ Edna Woolman Chase
pretty much. I hate it because bball used to be my favorite sport.
tacos and BTR
ya! i luv that song its on my ipod
An owl just landed in my yard and shit on my lemon tree. It was beautiful
S/o To My new follower appreciate the love
Felix Mendelssohn died in 1847 at a mere 38 years of age from reportedly Cerebrovascular Disease(Stroke).
Okay, we have helped our Cindarelli! Remind me to post it again, too! & where do u come up w the genius crafts???
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” Michael Jordan
i love hoes
Dr. Jonathan Clark - The real reason people go into space: the view
it is!
I should have know the word "frog" would have caught your attention! :) I thought you were on Skype?
wish I could man. Hope it's a good time..I'll be up in two weeks tho!
Thank you kindly! Enjoy a splenderrifick weekend:-))
Splashing On You Hoes b l a t
#RacketBoys is close. Super close. next week.
Videos are in the works! Technical difficulties. beep bop boop
It's pretty awesome! RT : Everyone: Get your asses outside!
I already checked. Shit go hard my nigga! !!
Our purpose is to work His purpose, not our own.
oh I'm sorry to hear that :(( but as per usual you still maintain an amazing positive energy despite the setbacks!!! X
Thanks for the follow! :)
Do your children make you laugh? Mine do!
Hello sunshine
I have Taco Bell once a month...
No homo, but you really look good with the song im sexy and i know it. thanks for the follow. and good luck with the art bro.
LeBron James YOU ARE A CHOKE ARTIST DON'T BE MAD @ THE WORLD CAUSE THEY INVESTED SOO MUCH IN THE lil 3 CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE
Our Atlantic City team is very excited for tonight's 2012 Nightlife Awards! Readers voted Phillips Seafood as Best Wine Selection!
lol, I wish... Next time I will drink a lot less and hang out a lot more lol
Let the Pasco Trivia Challenge begin! Remember to use hashtag #pascotrivia when answering! 1st correct answer to each question wins.
on the Ellen show <3333
I totally agree. Why is our own work the hardest to complete? I never feel like its finished, even if I'm happy with it.
I Can Tell That #oomf Mad At Me.
It is labour indeed that puts the difference on everything--John Locke. Sun Valley Hospice wishes everyone a safe and happy Labor Day.
RT: Borders books filed for bankruptcy. How do you sleep at night, Angry Birds?
im proud of u Dominique..thats great!!!`
Fotis laying out topics which seem important for further work: mapping between models, assessment & validation of models, … #kodm +
Both Tauruses. Mine's coming up this Sunday.
wow.. you are a master potter.. great work on the wheel!
How come?
Now, a moment of sadness.
no prob, DanielleE! oh and gargle with some warm salt water. it's gross, but it works!
followed back mayne
haha I've seen those before. They're the best (:
I guess it does a great job of recreating meatspace experience of a record collection, but that limits possibilities
Hey , Foodfight registration is open & we're thrilled to have & we'd love to have you on board too!
get at me bro its sicc!
Planning a party for my friend. Any suggestions on venues?
I hugged and on Thursday. So that should count. Have YOU hugged a #DearTeenMe author lately?
Are you going to LA for school?
the hills are allliiiiiive
Writing my heart out. :)
watching your marathon is good pre-game prep. Though, the rotten eggs from hong kong were a bit much...
Eating oatmeal 5 or more times a week will reduce the risk of heart disease - beyond lowering cholesterol by 29%.
- Ha! Ya, I am sure some of mine are spam too, but I don't want to worry about sorting... Will do lists soon though! :)
Mining a Year of Speech is developing an XML schema proposal for text/audio alignment.
Why am I still up.
It's not like the other 20 debates haven't produce the same theatrics, rhetoric or spin. Is it November yet?
Don't give up on me Twitter followers and friends. I am off twitter/fb during lent (Sundays in lent are not part of the 40 days)
funny RT “: 95% of spider deaths are caused by women, but done by men.”
Why am I so tired???
go look at facebook... i gave you your own facebook concert :D
Steve Jobs is not going to rise from the dead. Move on.
Feel like listening to Marvin's room for some reason.
RT : I'm really glad I brushed my teeth before drinking that orange juice.
Nope! Purposefully NOT counting this year! :) lol!
Sitting in on the #SPARC_Binfield webcast.
we all do
Yes! I didn't get to see Crazy Jenny in Poland so I have to see her before we leave Denmark.
keep going darling!!! you can do it! good luck with them all
Horrendous smell of smoke and smoke detector going off faintly in the distance. NW Portland
Heading to Acts Nashville to get some booking done.
Just look at what did to me!
Hate my life!!!
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.- Saint-Exupery
"who sat around and thought about killing a pig with a bird? I just don't get it!" -mommy haha love that lady.
May I have a picture with you to prove that angels really go exist?
I just finished a 3.47 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Loving the weather in Vegas today. feels like back east. :)
thanks for the offer though! just not quite sure if my bare feet would have made it that far :D
and God said, Thou shalt go and chow down!! :-D
what a fantastic wine list they have!
safe travels with
The Big Notebook
My speech teacher is really dumb!
Before I was a Directioner, I never realized how many times the word "Direction" comes up on a daily basis.
I also turned the air off to get it over 50
5th elite 8 in Self's 9 years @ KU. Not bad. Now, go take a leak.
I found ur lo-jack info should I alert the authorities of ur intention to party ur face off?
Marlins game is still on! Winning 6-3!
Now on to Recall Races. Barrett would win a primary, 36 to 29 against Kathleen Falk. Barrett hasn't decided yet on a run.
I hate it when people can't tell a good story
Packing everything for when we are going to film a new music video for a new song tomorrow! It's gonna be so fun! :D
I agree with you Vic .... Tebow is a gamer ... We haven't even seen one game yet .... Everyone chill ....
i emailed warped tour many times to have u play at warped tour!! im also getting people to too. <3
Unfortunately it got worse today.... Stay tuned. Bed came. But........
yo i got vacation in June, we should do those ASAP.
sorry for the late reply! Our list is constantly changing, which is why.
The only thing worse than opera is someone who hums along with opera.
How the hell can Taco Cabana run out of taco shells?
Happy #Friday. Keep the #dreaming alive :)
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love.
Remind me who I am.
"When you run your hands over it, you get a feeling?" Can you translate this online?
yeah babe, everywhere
going to my sister's soccer game:)
$823 — The median weekly wage in Illinois for companies of any size.
Prepping for Texas - Oh man we are stoked. :)
im sad and upset that i cant try your new pepsi flavors... sorta feel empty inside. Thinking about buying a coke.
Lisa Goes Gaga.
#GreatnessIs being able to make yourself happy with out others help
Tweet yall later!!
I am so freaking mad.
Getting ready for The Big Read events at Columbia...so cool!
thanks for the follow Gordon. Are you going to be enjoying the Olympics this summer?
Walking in the #SouthFayette #RelayForLife on Saturday. Who else will be there?
when are you writing the next chapter of your wonderful story? :D lol
Burn the list! Problem solved. Sure, it might cause OTHER problems, but...
oh thxs it help
I want to go to Australia. :/
you should have just stayed in miami and play with/for the dolphins. You can do all that cool stuff there!
Working from home has taken on a whole new dimension. Awesome sitter means I can work later, tho' it requires hiding in the basement.
What's news about are we working on the #integrationprocess #convergence? #Rulesoforigin is my book
“So I had to say I believe in science — and people on stage look at you quizzically as though you’re was an oddball” -Huntsman. sad very sad
I'm tired.
Uh oh! I've discovered the world of RPG and Classic Platformer apps. Hello Fallen Realms and Sonic CD, goodbye productivity.
Happy Tuesday!!! Come visit our 50% OFF table for cute finds!
Last day to early vote in Cook County. I just came back, lines were nonexistent. Go!
It's been an day with my #cigars. I've had an Ortega Serie D No. 10 & a Cubano No. 2. Great smokes!
True. Still would like a white Christmas...
disappointed in sportscenter with the placement of 7 in top plays. You were a solid 6 mister.
creativity is best when we get out the way & allow GOD www.nickywooten.com
I miss u
According to Nightline, teenage boys masturbate.
I don't think I can do this..
There are labels/certifications for all sorts of products or check out these purchasing guides.
Just had a revelation about how to use my extra brownie crumbs.
Hey Billy - if you're looking for local support for any of the dates...please check out Leather Feather - www.leatherfeather.net
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:46am in Atlanta, GA it is 25 degrees. High: 46* Low: 28*
Holding my peepee in <
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Volunteer Roundup this Thursday 7pm 18 N. 5th Street! Bring a friend
thinks is the shit. He's like a breath of fresh air amongst all these whack ass "My chain, My chain.." rappers**coughGucciManecough**
Mike Lookingland is up after being tended to by the Blast trainer.
Sounders to play Community Shield 2-29-12 (free admission)
Thanks for the kind words about our Ted! She's a grand dog.
PokerStars Releases BOOM! Hand Replayer Poker Hands Sharing Device
“: Angel funding is a contact sport. Collaboration is key. it's in our DNA. #ACASummit”
RT Thanks for the mention!
I wanna do a music collective mtng where we all bring in recordings we made in a 24 hour span.
pretty sure i had a mullet in 2004... i'm being very serious.
Ratings came in for Mud People and they were AMAZING!! Thanks to all for making it a great show!
well i like them both so either is ok but adele i have to do perfect which i try on all my songs but her 4 sure
now speaking on how helps them reach supplier relationship goals. Focused on SLAs and surveys.
Great song!!! I also love the cover that Nonpoint does of it!!!
A Philly #glutenfree food truck I need to try soon- sounds delic
already knew that we had a chart in our book and it is cool
To clarify: I mean scholarship on, not by, trans folks. Having read a lot of it really did a number on me.
Feeling thankful today for all the artist in this world whose wonderful talents & expressions help define our humanity. Happy Thanksgiving
with you is my favorite place to be
All these people keep saying "FOLLOW/RETWEET FOR A PROMO" Well I always do it & shit dont happen !
biology eoc tomorrow
Did you know that Nashville has ice cream trucks but also grilled cheese and burgers trucks around town??!?
I agree ....i told my daughter when she turns 18 I am moving there; she replies "what about the earthquakes?"
RT The list of things I'd like to embed in the MPAA is going longer and getting sharper every day.
fawk I keep forgetting my dude! Software update fir the evo was released today btw
lol oh god
VINNY FOLLOWED ME BEST DAY EVA NOW WE GOTTA MAKE HIMM FOLLOW U!!<33
Heard that. “: being in a different time zone is killing me.”
I'm giving you up, you're letting me down
That might end up being the worst rated finals just because of casual fans.. but ppl who actually like ball would enjoy it
I just realized I have to shower later <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
I know, right?! I want that couch so bad.
Happy Easter! :)
Good night y'all! Wet dreams!
Hot Summer in the city 103, ouch! How are you staying cool?
Amazed we still have power at work after that horrific thunderstorm.
I want to see you, hug you, make you smile, make you laugh, just lie on the couch next to you, and then fall asleep beside you.
PS ladies, it's totally disgusting to blow your nose in the shower at the gym.
Happy MLK day everyone! How are you celebrating your day off?
Going to sleep a happy girl :)
also, if the line moved the other way, and late clients won, it is graded a loss since the capper released at losing line
RT : We loving the crew..RT: ": Where would I be w/o & Iono #thecrew"
At school with
Just wrote, now off to ball.
In scary movies there's alway a few ppl die in the beginning
The boys are supposed to be back in the UK tomorrow! Then their next big thing is the US, 19 days until Chicago, I'm dying guys :) -Caitlin
Wafu, a Japanese restaurant in Sydney, has a zero-tolerance policy on #food wasters.You don’t clean your plate, you can't return.
Huge bummer. My sister and I used to watch the Monkees after school when we were little. :(
that is actually pretty perfect! I am available anytime after 2:30 this week except thursday and friday
RT : Absolutely love the #Packers throwbacks.
How to Lose Friends and Alienate People
A 3 Day Weekend is REALLY going to help get me through this week! #america!
Thanks for the follow ArtfaceUK! Wonderful, informative site you have!
GREATEST SHOT IN GOLF THE PAST 25 YEARS!!! LOUIS!!!!
Some girl in my driver's ed class thinks she's a cat. God help her.
Take it for what it is, it's all we have. Pricks.
I guess I didn't realize that either! The Italians really liked him when he was running...
#Veterans FREE admission to the B&O this weekend. THANKS for all you've done and all you do!
Club hopper
Looking for a light popular novel c. 1900-1915 to finish my fall AmLit survey. The Wizard of Oz? A Princess of Mars?
YEAH, RNG. YEAH.
can you please tell MintzPlasse to follow me man please
Shadow sold, I'm sorry. You have good taste!
. If you look at our YouTube channel, we do media interviews on all channels :) We need to get the truth out.
I don't have a calendar
We All Gotta Go Skating Or Something! And Sure! And I Need Some With Blaine!
Really bummed that George Washington is dead
HAPPY BIRTHDAY/CHRISTMAS!
I'm sick of all of it! I wish they would leave our #Saints alone!!
Damn, I just pulled a
fashion is only the attempt to realize art in living forms and social intercourse - francis bacon
Haven't lost a ward yet.
I'm tweeting both the blues and the thunder games.
Sports banquet -__-
Hoy you doing today
darn we got caught. xD
At work working on 3 hours of sleep today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
The fourth will be with you, always.
Kyle. one of the best & most consistent shooters this season. Good quality overall. deserves to be in the final.
Don't tell me u want me then ur actions say otherwise
cool we'll map sumn out
From what I can see on the #BC looks pretty full tonight.. fans gotta bring that energy..
Yawn. RT One more time: Chris Paul should be a Laker.
unfortunately not. some interesting points were made, but nothing new or enlightening for those w/basic knowledge of new media.
yeah ha
most respect Commish!
Wait a minute!!!! Some UK fans gave MB condoms?!?!?! :O u kno wat...I'm not even gone say nun.....
I mean really who doesn't like tater tots.
Ugh SOn DonE With My DaM WorK
Things I learned about myself this week: Eating binges are like cutting - just a form of self-abuse when I panic/get depressed.
Yay! :) But is your mom going? Cause i need her money.
Lol RT : RT : 10 Facebook Tips: Its a social networking site, not a diary, stop posting your life stories on there.
Congrats to Byron boys golf team for winning the Mayo Invitational with a team score of 308. Red Wing, Winona tie for 2nd at 315
this weekend... Chilling with the peeps..
Tackeling my brother at 2 am cause he stole my cherry coke. :D
Unfortunately, panic was more like, "Does that mean you gave us all bad grades?!"
Planning for this weekend. . . . .
Angels dont get this pleasure This is the emotion known only to mankind If fate is by side by side
Can someone with an #iPad in hand & a minute to spare help me out to test something quickly, please?
Why do the have braille on the ATM Buttons in the drive through at the bank . Do blind folks really drive
Does anyone know where I can find information on the history of Amaranth? (I'm looking at you, !)
B$%$ i might Be
Haha. Still can't believe you're a Polar Bear. I still wish I could have that as an ECA.
your welcome
Josh Hamilton must of blown a shitload of coke tonight
so no #DarkKnightRises trailer w #HP7.5 does that mean has something special up their sleeve for #sdcc?
"If you want to show your family the real Florida, Gator Park is a must see."
RT : Awesome day at #vedgewater with project. Orientations started, beds are in, soil is ready to go....
Just let me watch u dance baby.
you're mad that i didn't go to school, and i'm not pale anymore. ;D
I've gotten some questions thanks guys :) I'll answer them now
oh ok do you still go to marygrove??
I know...right...lol
yeah yeah yeah!!!!
like, legitimately??
Upgrading a large-ish Rails 2.3 app to 3.0. Props at this stage belong entirely to and the rails_upgrade plugin but now I must sleep.
But then took over 5 mins to check in at Delta kiosk. Shouldn't take longer than 90 seconds. Very irritating when you're late
Patrick Bordeleau has been suspended two games. He will miss both games against Rockford this weekend
": Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years."
Life goes by too fast. [Oldest child graduating college this weekend. Took 10 long years to become preggers, then 22 years blows by.]
She got a mouth full of lies, a pocket full of cash.
Good night gang!
Or Darkhawk. Failing that... New Warriors.
yea. If you want :)
sorry man I didnt see you I was in the studio with just shut it down for the night
Yeah they are TWINS! i can't believe you didn't know that :O And spencer is the youngest twin :)
I have some really great coworkers, y'all.
girl you talked to me yesterday. stop tryna stunt.
Nope! I keep thinking that if I can just get through this week, I can catch up next week, but it never comes!
Thinking about what to drink tonight at
listening to talk about his #GRAMMYs winning album The Road From Memphis... recorded on analog, everyone in the same room
For God's sake, the #PSVita isn't even out for a few hours :-|
This is flipping amazing
but you can TRY things at the distillery! :)
Snow flurries in silver spring! Nice ending to dragon tatoo
Thats Why I Told You, So Now You Know RT : i cant tell
I'm too awake right now.....
This is how I know I'm still damaged
Sending the treasures home mit person is definitely the way to go... When's your big departure date? Have a happy return!
oh that's too sweet! Hope you have a beautiful day! QT : sure
nice shot thanks for sharing :)
Wow...Wednesday. This week is already flying by. A big thanks to all of our clients for a great start to 2012!
Draymond Green and Michigan both finished with 16 rebounds. (Thornton missed FT at the end tied it.) via
you boys watching? That was a quick one.
I am deciding to employ my roommate 's mad skills in teaching me how to tweet. I know I'm behind the curve. Don't judge.
out of town for a while starting saturday. Sorry :-/ cc:
Render slots keeps time separate per slot
oh gee lol
Reguardless of what these dance movies lead you to believe, dance battles do not make you hard. Lol
what do you do?
Parks & Rec FB profile just posted they got a full season 22-episode order. Makes sense for the syndication package.
Watching The Rugrats Movie with #we'recool
i really wish i could just stay home and watch while getting stuff done for school
I miss Rap City!!!
Thanks for the RT and compliment!
I kind of like that girl's voice - but LR is right - she is super shy.
These frozen lemonades from mcd's would be amazing with some vodka.....
lmao...sorry why?
And for you - Viel Spaß! Drink some green wine.
Prior Art. Tony Hayward -- The Man who Soiled the World. #bpcares (via )
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Top Dog
Lots of "choices" in 2012... BE CHOOSEY!!!
New business cards, they look great! ...but just changed my email to something easier to remember. Couldnt I have thought of that 1st?! Lol
do you know what the cost is?(:
Of all the girls tossing rocks at your window, I'll be the one waiting there even if it's cold. #np <U+E328>
Bourbon street
it's unintentionally funny. but i guess it could be funnier if they replaced Rorshack with Horseshack.
excellent. but "fuck me" must be stated literally. my thoughts are with you -- may the next 24 hours glide by.
Yes! I agree completely.
Its PERFECT bowling weather Boston! Get down here and play a few strings with us.
Thanks for connecting!
go head and @ it at amfi to
that's the new cologne called: "Stanky Butt" lol
Suggestion from , every reporter and news org shld be on MuckRack.
chillin here in atlanta and ready for fall to kick in
Just had a great experience buying a router at Staples. I love it when employees actually care about serving customers, AND know stuff.
Having another interesting conversation about creating a learning marketplace to monetize content. Is this the holy grail?
speechless right ! Lol!
Considering the sign "best wings usa" at place called Quaker Steak and Lube. Somehow cars, tires, & racing fits with wings, at least in NC.
I want the free tickets! Do you have to be in Memphis to have a chance to win them?
That includes everyone I've said I'd name my first born after. Thank god I told Rory he'd have middle name
how you ben . .
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
text me so I can write this down
Let's so Nuggets! Sorry
Halo, halo, i'm not saying hi. Baby there's a ring above your head. (:
It's like 97 degrees in my house... I am sweating... :c
Space Telescope Science Inst NASA will dedicate on April 5th 2012 the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes.
When the person you really wanna talk to, never texts back....
celtics won. red sox won. ready for the bruins to win tomorrow.
Lopez with his first home run of the season. Tribe cuts the lead from the Sox in half in the bottom of the 9th.
It's time to make some moves, let's get it TOPFLIGHT!!!
Um i think i just saw pauly d at the pru
ahh man...the wrath of a 5 year old daughter will jack you up!! Good luck with that.. Haha
Those annoying girls who always try to flirt with guys who have girlfriends. Go away!
Tom Sawyer blasting on the radio, windows rolled down, driving to Homecoming. you know, living the American Dream
Oh , So NOW YOu Want Me too Call Youu Back . Ummpt , Ima See Bout It (;
# Team Beauty # Team Star # Team Babydoll # Team OMG ....
Yes! Let's catch up after the show. Keep an eye out for me.
obama takes the blame for not explaining HC more clearly, apparently the teleprompter wasn't working properly
Haaaaaaaaaaan i was wailing out lastnight
The guy next door aggravates my life !
Now washing
I just want to get away. From here. With you.
hope yuh can pik me as one of yur followers it been a dream of mine ily victoria yur the best 1
I'm on a Red Line train now. They said someone was down on the tracks.
It wasn't a good idea to sleep all day, I'm wide awake!
I wish I could have watched the rest, but my laptop broke again
Haven't cared to see halftime show in years (who is MIA?), but a #SuperAl halftime show, now that I would watch
#ElevatorMuzick is set to be released in #June.... dedicated to all the #Potheads across the world
Good to connect with you
just went to the MSG box office and got the LAST and ONLY ONE left ticket for MUSE March 5th! Wow, I'm so lucky- totally living on the edge!
Thanks for the add! See ya at the movies
TF I look like sharing you with somebody.
breaking jam news! An employee of the offending jam company was in front of me in the line to board the plane!
exactly so come home now!!! We need you in our lives !
Q5 going to expensive lib school got me the jobs i've had in libs
Th/fri this week 730pm at the edgemar i'm in scene bites, a night of short scenes! Come out and support us! Call or message me for info!
I actually work in a sweatshop... Hopefully I'm burning some calories in this bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
i love you , you love me ..
I scaled the individual reps as I just wanted to get a feel for it and had no idea what we were doing this week
Not being home for two weeks last month = $28 for my utilities. I should take of more often.
This morning,I replaced my people pleaser shirtwithmyGod pleaser shirt. The front read Come Fly with Me & the back read Destination Purpose
Martin & Osa in Perimeter Mall going out of business in July. Get 50 percent off in store and online now.
#2: How Many Dots Per Inch (dpi) need? The higher the dpi the better the scanner-the higher quality image. 600 dpi is good for most offices.
I am ALL FOR this: RT : LaMarcus Aldridge said he wants to open a Chik-Fil-A restaurant... "it's a big deal here."
The usefulness of the Citibank funded bike share system in NYC for swarming 99% protests will make the irony of the sponsorship delicious.
sign mee please
Got my #LOVEGLASSES on!
MIND FUCKED :O
off to tailgate with & !! what a fun day!
I'd imagine. Sounds like you're busy, but in a good way!
haha just enjoying one the few scoring outbursts the A's we'll have this season
I love pie!
my grandma over here playing bro I need to fckn finish my hair ... I look like a troll doll wit half its hair done
Great day today
That's to hide is belly, lol RT : I love how Cee-lo has incorporated a cat into his commentary
OH GOOD YOU AREN'T DEAD. got scared there.
Last minute decision to go home this weekend!
Of course I drive by as soon as xaverian gets out and I'm half asleep in my uniform
yeah, I am presenting so that pushed it over the edge. But will still try to gain $back in either knowledge or free stuff.
he ant get none last night so don't try to fight his bitch ass keep that job
Think you have style? DM us if you do and you could be featured in the next
have a safe trip back babe!
On the right track, Nikki! “: Thanks for the follow Jorge..I'm definitely trying to kick up my health this year..:)”
I laugh because I've known sadness. <3
Looking to add to your IT skill set? Check out the guides I've made available for download! (covering development, infrastructure, & databa…
I think he's done pretty well and he would be well on the bench.
Bonding with my brothaaaa love him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
For the first time in my career, a thing I helped w/ launched to much expected customer ire, & I am sad that I helped.
I hate doing things for the last time, even if it is moving out of my dorm.
where shall we meet for lunch on saturday ? It'll be nice not being limited by work for a change!!
Oh crap, I better tell Buck I was just kidding about that bounty idea.
I'm really observant today. I just noticed this guy acts like his ex, and his ex acts like him...
Sadly, the TV alternatives are worse.
More excited than I should be that my test suite is starting to take more than a few seconds to complete.
So not going back n the basement
Man, I'm gonna add my little bit this summer, see how much I can help, & hope it makes a small difference.
Cant sleep
Hello Sun! Nice to see you... -_- I don't like pulling all nighters...
Come to Houston Again I missed you last time because of cheer<\3
MY 3OOTH FOLLOWER WILL GET A BIG SHOUTOUT SO COME ON FOLLOW ME U MIGHT BE THE LUCKY ONE!!
Nice!!! would love to have you out in the Falls for a tailored beatdown. MTHs at 6p
Always be there for your friends. you never know when they might not be there anymore<3
I woke up on the right side of bed today
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
LA Gonna Get The Win ..... Watch..
a wish come true
You can fuck off, you stupid cunt.
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75.-Benjamin Franklin
they have more than one though lol
Great meeting with you ladies as well!
hey hey! Share the wealth. ;-)
hey that reminds me. What's the name of that screen you put on my iPad? I tried to find the video but couldn't.
love it when a D in the class goes to an A!!
A2: I participate in more chats.......even ones at 6:00 am PDT
I believe he is--he crosses over to entertainment so recent #NBA, #TNT roles have minimal brand impact
Power went out while on the crapper, its dark and lonely, oh and smelly
that nigga leg look broke
D.Hightower come on home Steelers Nation welcomes you!
Pizza And a movie
Today @ 2pm EDT: Admin Karen Mills & Sec Ed hold a Twitter Q&A on #smallbiz opps & recent grads. Ask ? w/
I was offered TWO roles this week! Life is freakin awesome! :)
lets go
dude Dreamsnacks is a great band name
Cake cake cake cake
they are worse than just mentally ill. Mentally ill people usually have some sense they're not normal...these guys: no clue!
We are starting the panel with application #130098 - Kyle Herrington.
take ur lesbian love to ur own area ;)
o sry u were sick :( but I'm just hanging out with my friend Eric :)))
After watching Eastbound and Down last night on it's clear to me that the writers are trying to get the show canceled.
RT : I always say that Twitter is a Think Tank. When you bounce ideas off one another, you get to know people.
This blimpie sandwich >>>>
#hth2012 games theoretically enable learners to build / upon use facts, have agency in game settings
been looking fwd to May1, and David Ortiz to drop like a pair of Prom pants. whered that 400hundr avg go David? 0-4 May 1st.
So happy is using my favorite flowers on stage
Lots of claps for increasing science literacy in general, not just more scientists...
“Progressive authors want the technology to tell their stories with pictures, sounds, & video as readily as they can with writing. "- Digi
agreed. I was stunned when he came out.
Life's not easy, particularly given an economic recession. Yet when I stop & reflect it's evident there is far more more to be thankful! THX
New Records on the way
Hold your camera another way
only if someone is simultaneously screaming back.
Enjoying a day of technology and humanities and fun people at #thatcamp. Crowdsourcing up first!
going to school looking like shit because I don't care about any of the fucks in my school xo hate you all
She's okay :) She's at work right now- Until like, midnight. She got so happy when you wrote on her FB the other day :P
Wonderful work! Do you use digital media for your workshops?
#WhiteSox Peavy may not be so well after all. All Hail has broken loose, hit by a Storm of runs. He gone. I hope it's just a bad day.
being concern about starving citizens of our nation is "DC?" you're harsh man. Only god forgives.
Its ok
Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks for the tweet. Good to have you on this morning!
with you. But stay focused, rather than bouncing from actual civil rights issues to things like loan forgiveness.
Whoever trended #BeliebersAreAllStupid , should go in a closet or something...smh
It was an odd illustration of the fact that human progress does not involve anything really new in kind, but only increased convenience and…
Ok ct you can marry me now <3
and might we add, she's totally awesome at it :)
DG alum Samuel Tadros speaking on #Egypt is being livetweeted by Great event... tune in!
Haha I love that shit, makes me laugh everytime.
Can you marry a Giant?
Check out my #Fiverr #Gig: send you 1200+ high quality custom website templates for $5 on
Monterey Ridge or Stone Ranch? Word on the street is they won't turn anyone away from MRES this year as in past
Lol , How When I'm Gonna Leave You && Get Trade.
What are you talking about? you just said that the result in the season is different from the playoffs which is wrong.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
I think I want John Virgo screaming "WHERE'S THE CUE BALL GOING?????" as a txt message alert.
I will never say never. I will fight till forever.<U+2665>
Looks like controversial House transportation bill (and my story) are both crumbling. New version said to restore transit to gas-tax funds.
DiRT's transformation into Bamboo DiRT is in process; will officially debut at DH Commons workshop, but sneak preview available
Sign 521 that you are old; you forget your sneaks for playing goal in roller street hockey & have to use dress shoes from the Reagan era
The Band Perry is stuck in my head *sings* If I die young
thanks, work for the Alchemist and Milwaukee Opera Theatre(?)
Gotta love that neapolitan ice cream
Time for some r&r. Remove & replace hard drive & reinstall winxp on a laptop!
lower space access costs- Step 2- Only use reuseable rockets and space vehicles
At this hot ass park waiting for !
Help me out I can't find a way to sign up for breaking news e-mails on your website?
Storms come and go, remember what God has brought you through in the middle of struggle.
#AlwaysClosing Faith without works is dead go get whats yours...
Steve-How awesome to swim with those big guys! Happy be-lated... KK Ryder
Xbox 720 is trying to ban the use of selling your used stuff. Why are books, DVDs resellable but not videogames? m.ign.com/articles/1217310
Is the past tense of tweet, twat?
dang it, forgot that I was signed on to this, when will I learn...
absolutely I just did, lol. That's great, you are involved in many of the same passions as I, I'm glad we met! Cheers! :-D
Hi professor I'm having some trouble finding your blog and the webpage to sign up for SmartBriefs for your Marketing course.
thanks so much - we may be older bug we are a lot of fun.
Planning an accessory exchange party for some girlfriends. It's a cross between shopping and trading. Very green!
The reason I'm not on twitter too much..I read the weirdest shit that makes me leave.
Heather Headly~I Wish I Wasn't.
If something is worth doing, it's worth doing poorly. The best way to learn is to learn from our mistakes!
There are far better things ahead than anything we have left behind. <U+2764>
Great! Thanks!
Don't 4get LADY LACROSSE
I feel really nerdy because I'm getting excited about using QR codes.
hittin the books hard
I'm getting too old for this shit.
Right back atcha!
30 days until I turn in my last paper of the semester
Working on 2010 taxes. I kind of like it. Is that so wrong?
could I BE any more qualified for a fanatic? #friends & yes-If you're a complainer and you know it, whine some more
lol me too. Thanks for sharing that with me
Just watched a multibillionaire slide himself into a chauffeured Maybach so immense it would've made blush
Yes! That article is great (I say this as a Brooklynite who has witnessed all the above firsthand)
#BoyHoeLyrics hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my penis so suck it maybe
NBC&#39;s &#39;30 Rock&#39; goes live for a night with a funny episode that has plenty of life
Has Bounce!!!
ha idk why I'm just seeing this now. Lol lets get head tattoos!
Watching Thunder Over Louisville and noticed a UK fraternity brother, Penn Brown, assisting the coverage on behalf of the Air Force. Nice!
Shuddering at the conspiracy theories sure to come...
Little Weapons just had another successful team meeting! #excited for what's coming up!
Somehow found myself watching Taylor Swifting South Park on back to DC. Wapo meme queens & Need to see it
Playing the Sims game, lol. I need a life!!!
Woke up...god mighty
#YouShouldn't mess with someone elses feelings, just because you're unsure of your own,,.
You ain't called , texted ,or nothin ! !
take,me out of this SHIT!!!!!
I had to help a woman get her son out of one of the metal pillow holders today. Target is full of surprises.
LA VIDA ES UN CARNIVAL JUST CAME ON! AH, TODAY IS JUST MY DAY.:)
I really don't want to go to dance class right now...
Fight with everything you have, just to take that extra step forward, and show them what your made of! Real Shxt The Brave
Tell me when - it's being released in August. Finalizing cover, proofs etc. Hopefully someone will read the damn thing.
sorry so late but it's very good also doing stocks.
It was so nice to talk and meet with you. Hope you new endeavor goes over well!
OMG! What an epic thing to wake up to! Aha! Talk about "IN YO FACE!" And to think that it was ok to do it while you were in a relationship.
my pleasure. It's a great place to live w/ new stuff to discover all the time. I didn't even mention my fave b'fast places. :)
looking forward to my homie & I shooting the video next month! "money no problem, pocket full of that now"
Coming up next at #nasi2012: “Exploring Options to Strengthen #SocialSecurity” with Elaine Fultz (of ), Ken Buffin, & Meizhu Lui
#Lakers! Are #Losers more #classless acts. SMH
Good to hear, but how did the boy do? ;^)
You already know ^_^ ": Virgin tweet RT : I long dick her like...."
Nice to know I'm not the only one who thinks so! ;)
When a man loves a woman, periodically he needs to pull away before he can get closer
Dang girl. Why do u keep snakes in your pocket?
Absolutely. Same schtick. Six months from now I'm going to feel like ice cream (it's a given). let's organize a library social. :)
I know! -thought it was a comeback of 50s style 'fun music'- so disappointed:(
Oh. Well in that case I guess they're right about what?
Watchin my & loving my Fri ORANGE! :) the draft & Giants baseball, a girl's in heaven...
~ok cool. I'm good!
everyday it gets lighter nd lighter outside wen i wake up
Time for The Killing!
Making it happen.
love this thats a great outlook
Fuck the police
please go check out page 70-71 of the yearbook and see how much work I've done!
You should go straight to "He Loved Him Madly" on Get Up With It, and sink into the floor.
RT On gay marriage: 12,167 couples have spent $111 million in Massachusetts since legalization. Economic win. (Reuters)
“: Producers, its not ok to send your multitrack beat in mp3 format.” Too true. You tell 'em!
if I ever meet , I might just faint or just give him x and o's ;) muahh luv u twist#team twist
excellent, email me at javid -at- fanlaunch dot com and we can coordinate.
I love
Any damn fool can put on a deal, but it takes genius, faith and perseverance to create a
It cracks me up when the salesperson says they'd like to "align me with the appropriate resources" at their company.
Thanks guys! Website seems like you never have open dates in May. Blah… we really want to celebrate there :-)
hahaha :) my mom really needs to get off her butt and go get my phone! :( she wont take me tonight either
Getting a husband to switch his sleeping schedule over to night shift is what I imagine putting a 2 year old down for a nap is like
haha are you going?
Newt Gingrich and the Silent Majority
You are so lucky!! (: Wish to be on your place x
So I went to see my advisor yesterday, her name is passion
For a split-second I considered using Comic Sans. That was scary.
Planning a trip to #Vegas? Awesome! What's the occasion?
RT Taking ACA test demonstrates self confidence, commitment, initiative #saa09 / Professional involvement does that way more.
i knowww! wahh & I hate waking up early.. I'm gunna have a busy summer -__-
What you don't know is that I also have a hippo and a pig, but obviously they would get too cold and need to stay on my desk.
This is a huge sports weekend and the races top 'em all. GO MENARD!!!
>>>MLM News! Invado International( New Company Listing )
as I hate people who hate blacks discriminate completely! :(
when are you coming to Los Angeles? i want to see you guys play :)
Good thought!
Don't you be holding back you love <3
Forgetting to bring chapstick and your lips get really dry,
That's high school making me chase you around for months, have an affair act like an adult for once
Winfred Williams - Outstanding Contribution to reggae
there gaurd play looks PATHETIC, sloppy turnovers, pretending toplay defense, just ugly. no business in this game
Excellent. Thanks for the confirmation! :)
all my friends will hate me more than they already do cuz of my tweets on their timeline you could at least make it worthwhile
ICYMI: You can now start putting your leaves in the curb for pick up through Nov. 15. You can also bring them to Sweet Water for composting.
well lets look at the schools that are close by
Cereal for dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
Thanks good meeting you guys -
Austin #F1 Racetrack will be called #Circuit of the Americas!
Macys shore mall is having huge sales due to them closing for a bit for renovations... FYI :)
Looking for awesome antiques & found a #Pucci scarf in the process. A Pucci scarf for $5.
Happy national kurt cobain rememberance/f@&k you cody lamb day!
I love how the news says there won't be anymore rain and then it starts to pour.
I should let you know, I'm no slouch when it comes to fisticuffs. As DeLoss already knows.
Happy B-Day buddy, hope your having blast in New Jersey.. Best Wishes.. "JR"
#NP D'Angelo - Feel Like Making Love
And my Osh Kosh B'Gosh overalls match my He-Man lunch box.
Before I run far away, I need to take a holiday.
still, very cool! always nice to find fellow female-run businesses (we are two sisters, which is why i asked!)
Thank you! RT :
And now is here to hand out buttons & #CulturalCrawl Guides! People are pouring, so come get your childrens books now!
RT Will give that a try, if I can find it in USA -> Yali, Three Lagoons, Carménère, 2008
Hehe. You're going to give a big head..! Can't wait to see the whole video together.
cool. I go back aug 22 they come a week after. Maybe we can share lesson ideas. You are in Philly right?
Welcome to #Chicago !! Going to be an awesome season!
Aesthetica Film Fest is accepting entries!
proper "ruler to the back of the hand" technique has to come first
hate fony niggas just be real wit a bitch
I can't make that up. True Story. Google it.
yes...skull caps/knit caps right? RT : hey Mike yall got beenies in there?
We can't wait to unveil the Minerva lineup on Monday. Truly the biggest thing we've ever done. But for now, it's time for the
Finally home watching the PGA on tv. Maxing and relaxing
FUNNY MAN - Dave Chappelle spotted at the MSNBC WHCD after party, I knew i shouldve gone to that party,
What's up fellas. Glad to see you all.
In my feelings again!
you are one of my favorite actors. Im following you on twitter
I dont care how old the kid is, i love him.
ah yes. I understand. Probably see you tomorrow then.
yeah, that's pretty much the "other" field.
You made their Facebook page! You're officially internet famous!
peace brother!!!
I set the hammock up. Of course it's going to rain. *facepalm*
In times of uncertainty, you must press past the limits of how far you think you can go. You will see God & that He was there all along.
ya I do that in my other 99% of time :)
Prepping to shoot a fabulous infomercial tomorrow, people! Celebrity skin care line...can't say who yet, but will soon:)! Yay!
yes we need to hang out.
I want to fix the controversies in the #NBA (draft age), #NCAA (interest/one and done rule in bb), and #MLS (schedule/player development).
I am! I had a meeting with a student, sorry I missed you!
some lady all in my uncle face girl lol smh
If my twitter page unfollow one more person.... uuugghh ":(
Congrats! I get my birthday cupcake next week and am also having a hard time choosing a flavor from !!
So bitch you can update a status on #facebook but not reply to my simple text!
Attention #BeerMob: Be sure to join us at the #beer garden today. Don't miss your specials for Blue Moon Winter Abby and the Raven
mount kisco crushed and con Ed no help with no information. How can an organization operate like this?
books on a well known press looks good to the old guard of the academy
My day >
Yap “: No panties + a pussy piercing = A wet ass pussy”
Wow...thanks! Are you trying to butter me up for something? Cause it's working! :)
HEY WHORE. NOTHING. WHAT IT DO WIT YOU
Chillin on a street corner in the cold for the 5k...#why?
Hey it's BK, with March Baldness in full swing, what chick would still be hot with a bald head? I'll go with Sandra Bullock, and you?
Good luck with that - Once Remote, Goldman Sachs Puts on a Friendly Public Face:
I repeat - YOU oppose consumer choice, I support it. Go overpay all you want.
Wth When did they make a The Cookout 2????????
Beautiful and wonderful day to help people. Feeling generous today, thinking what can I do to help our world!
I'm literally singing the "She's a b*tch" song in my apartment...oh and I made a dance too :)
r.i.p. rich from lfo :(
Thanks for the RTs!
Those text messages you never delete. >
All I wanna do is forget you, but no matter how hard I try, I can't get you out of my head; you make my head and my heart collide.
We're trying--interleaving paper and isolating the mold, moving everything to a separate location. Ugh.
When you die, you probably will be held accountable for all the lies u told on #twitter and
a boy and a girl where talking bout a pool... boy: i have a small pool girl: i have a big one;) boy: that's what she said:O
Hey bachateros... I'm heading to the Dominican Republic next week. Would love some ideas on where to dance #bachata!
those do sound like awesome pants. And I liked your other tweets BTW
When you think mobile strategy in The DMV area who do you think of? Cc:
Unfollowed Dane Cook, Shia LeBeuf. Fuckers are entertainers. Entertain or be left behind.
That has been the case for 40 years (with the exception of 3 or 4 seasons).
Remember when Uncle Jesse's Greek relative died in Full House? Random thought. In other news Seinfeld commercial was of course great
Ah, the eternal chicken-or-egg problem.
and kicked major ass at tonight!
i retweet to show my shame
Thank u to Wayne for giving me the opportunity to attend a prestigious university and devoting 27 years of expertise to that institution
I already miss They need to come to the Chicago land area son :D Because WE LOVE YOU!
lol I love how you know exactly who I'm talking about :) #bestfriend<U+2665>
Don't Cry Your Heart Out[<3]
Man They Bullshitting Tonight it's over
the only rusher with more yards then little during his tenure was o.j. he is 7th all time and #s 1-6 are in the hall.
New Edition "Cool It Now" is the old skool jam
Do you mean to say that partisanship is the problem?
Refer someone to move into Colima Linda Apartment homes and receive $100.00..
sleepin' in all my classes, hollla.
These disrespectful ass gay youth!! U want respect then give it.. U want to b treated like n adult then act like one..
All the world's a stage,And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and their entrances,And one man in his ti
YOU'RE WEIRD!
Dear Tim Burton, please keep making those addicting movies of yours! i don't know what a night would be without Sweeney Todd <3
Liquid Band-Aid is a dear, trusted friend in the dangerous world of cut and paste.
thanks! We'll see you when you get here!
Sweet Jeez Louise, my head is spinning. So many things moved forward today; next week is full of gorgeous blossoming potential. Grateful.
The birds that surround HEB are super scary!
to each its own
i can see through you c;
RT : Heads up to parents with a child on #autism spectrum: there is an #autismchat happening right now. Just search the hashtag.
O! Me!! Need to be back by 4pm, tho. Possible?
do u have some advice how to be beautiful as u are? Btw do ya have bff? <3
IM STILL GOING OUT LOL.
FROM THE MOTHERSHIP! Check his Spanish! RT : Yo!! Just WAIT for the next artist u gonna flip!
By random chance, three manuscripts that I've been looking forward to all arrived today. Convergence of literature 2012.
At a pho place! Yum! Spending the whole day with my sis at the mall and at Ulta! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I'd like to do the rest of my work with a glass of wine, but it might not help my proofreading ability.
No #BEAUTIFUL :) and mine is here all the time haha
Best moment in TV: When Rachel failed her Niyada audition.
In a world where there is so much to be done, I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do. -Dorothea Dix
#aurality Got my invite, did the download, first article exceeded the max allowed length. Maybe tell me u r going to shaft me in advance?
co-sign. : your personality is HUGE! Seriously, put it on a diet. xoxo
i take that back, likes big hairy cocks to sit on her face
Got so much to say,
The sun is hot
You happy Rick Santorum? Snooki is having a baby.
Live with Special Ed Attorney Bonnie Yates talking IEPs! call with questions 877.864.4869 listen live at www.toginet.com in 15 minutes!
yay for that - congrats!
VOTE ASHLYNN DUVAL FOR STUDENT COUNCIL TOMORROW IN YOUR ENGLISH CLASS !! RT THIS TWEET
So if tracking whats up in the US and Asian markets, take a peek at my book on trading the Bond and Futures Markets, big moves happening now
there is a need! MT: what websites wld you suggest as starting points for library types who know nothing of dh?
Today in 1925, Dr. Florence Rena Sabin was the first woman elected to National Academy of Science.
I never left! It was all a lie! I think I'm making some progress, actually.You seen my zombie news links?
We will have pics from our Editors at Wild Eagle media posting all day tomorrow. Stick around and see how well it flies!
Thanks you for voting Yes!
Chicago Is the place too be!
#Blazers clearing house. Wallace, Camby and likely Crawford will be GONE
- thank you Mr Fry for bringing eloquent sophisticated humour back into our homes.
We're sending out "break-a-leg" wishes to the cast and crew of COWBOYS, opening tonight in Crossville at Cumberland County Playhouse!
Happy 4th of July ppl! Just got out of church so now I gotta find an oultet to plug my fone up in cause it totaly died on me :-(
Nite of guitar playing tonite..much needed
Exactly.If an object goin that fast hits a building sorta at the top y would the entire building collapse?It had to be controlled
that was better I have to say, Im off to garden, have a great day!
D-wade is a bad mother fucker
Thinking about Halloween, in the past I grudgingly gave candy to adults w/o kids. Thinking I won't even offer candy this year.
Spa Wellness Week is March 19-25! Where will you be pampering yourself #SanDiego?
Cruising down the Atlantic for the week with stops at Harry Potter World & the Bahamas with
I absolutely cannot wait for 2012. So many ventures, so many ideas, so many opportunities. More details will be shared soon!
I just updated the www.spcarbon.com website with some hot new builds. Have a look at the 105 bike. Cheers!
whereas my Pac-Man Moleskine just said "awesome."
remember what I tweeted at u bro!
Watching Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to start off the weekend, oh yeah!
thanks for the reminder re winds and securing outdoor stuff!
you might as well come out this season and showcase your talent. Skies the limit G! Keep your eyes on the prize
What is your New Year's resolution? I hope it includes a wellness plan for you that you can maintain, whether it be diet or excercise.
wow I love fresh pineapple
“: I would if I had enough hair to let down! Lol” Ditto!
you got my support!
Check out the Mad Rollin' Dolls roller derby tonight at the Alliant Energy Center!
Waverly has BALLS. TAKE THAT VALLEY. TAKE THAT.
:) @ that Ronald McDonald House Super Bowl commercial. That was sweet!
well go look hell lol.. How come we never text bro??
the one i've heard the most is red hot chili peppers.
LOL copy my tweets much?
RT : How to get into a craft fair. 1. Follow directions 2. Clear concise statements 3. Beautiful photography -
Sounds like a good experience
thirteen weeks and counting <3
I need to be in bed! DANG!!
thanks for the photo. Makes and I so happy to see you having fun. Did your mom ever make you cookies?
Who needs a good clock cleaning? is your man. Wow! #Brewers #Astros #GamelSmash!
OH: "I am just a back end developer. Why do I need to care about UX?"
Just got off work studio time I'm going in
just watched your spreecast. you can drag audience questions and comments on screen too. DM me if you want me to show you how.
Spasibogt Stevengt gt gt gt The ticket of gt Copyright of Of codeWeavers of Incas :-)
uh yeah
I'm going to be live tweeting ON-AIR about 5 times over the next hour. Instead of freaking out about it - come watch and chat @ Zenlive.tv
On #GH Sam in going to lose Jason for sure because of her many lies and secrets. She has never learned to tell the truth!
Philip Glass and Peaceful Protest - Art is Life. ://www.therestisnoise.com/2011/12/the-satyagraha-protest.html
found free booze on my way over, thus didn't make it.
Tired but don't want to sleep yet....... But then I have work in the morning. Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Good morning twitter friends! This is the perfect weekend to bundle up and stay indoors-- tell us what you'll be reading for !
Vanessa Hudgens lunch date with boyfriend Austin (photos under ...
so lazy//obese.... how will i eer travel to new yor like this?
Here's the master. Follow for amazing collaborative book reading:
with Laura Carlo on playing ever note in Strauss' Don Juan: "When one falls down stairs, one doesn't land on every step!"
Kiss me , touch me, tease me please me
Congrats to 's Dan Matre, awarded the grand prize in 's Lubar School of Business, New Venture Business Plan competition!
I'd like to try new google wave.
nothing hanging with Aaron (:
Just got tackled by her lamp in the process of drawing a barn for someone on Draw Something.
simple explanation: a screen photo puts you with the artist.
Good Morning :)
What are you sad for! Divine timing is coming your way, just you wait.
Snazzy new site man. Plus quite a few things I hadn't seen before!
It don't matter what my frns sat you've been right here from the start
state property
awesome! You're a natural then :) I made this killer pizza the other night and topped it w home-made pesto w hemp seeds. So good.
no flipping yet but I'm thinking about it! Miss you!
I'm always a day late and $1.13 short.
nifty! Looking forward to it with hope (as to my own bit in Crossed Codes). What's your angle this year?
Have you had our Pintxo Moruno? Lamb skewers with Andalucian spice & Tunisian couscous. Wash it down with a Hillards Amber.
X7??": #RT4RT? I go first if you ask!"
With video: Thousands in Michigan strike out on their own with new solo businesses
Ha! Without needing to look, she's berthed on the Anacostia River in the Navy Yard!
good times!! We missed u at the game Jordan! Xo
I'll check it out as soon as I get to ta computer!
I eat mine plain
you're welcome!
what's up with error 403_2 in the mobile app? Can't log in at all now.
haha anyone would be interested in him
Yes, the day has come. This old man needs glasses...
from one person that's the most but all together, the most was $27
even worse when both of your exes start dating each other
I couldn't imagine having a wife and 3 kids and we take them to the movies and spend 80 fucking dollars each time.
This birthday is turning out better and better.
Tonight WE ARE YOUNG so lets set the world on fire! We can burn brighter than the sun!!
Insert #Latino & replace Port. w/ #California then read again... #economy via Lack Of Graduates Hampers Portugal's Recovery
About damn time it was friday!
seeking Account Executives for WMBX, WHFS, and WPBZ - CBS Radio West Palm Beach. if interested, message me.
Choose a side. Apples, chips, fruit and yogurt parfaits, or COOKIES! Which goes best with your #SUBWAY sub?
I know there's no changing your opinions
LOVE that one!!!
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.
handles and jumper could use some work, 6 '7 maybe an inch or 2 smaller than typical SF but it is tall enough to play it
Just watched my nephew get babtised
To all that we are following, please follow us thank you and God bless.
I haven't benn early to school in months ;o
Met today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb; great advice, simplified. Kudos 2 my fellow UMBC alum! blog: www.TheVictoryCircle.tk
I wish I knew what made a persons day SO shiddy they couldn't smile back..
oh my :/ I doubt they are.. I hope not anyway
I try to care about what you're saying. I really do, but I really don't care.
gold coasts finest
Ha ha HA, #Glee is getting moved to Thursdays where it will get killed. YAY YAY YAY.
Happy Early Birthday Wonderful :)
Why are matches still made in Heaven? You would think they would have started making lighters by now...
Our nation's government was created on the principals of great #compromise. I pray we can still achieve that
Another long day at LitFuse... hang in there team. The end is in site! We are almost ready to birth a new badass site. HAHAHAHA!
Germany, of course! Guess I should read to completion before posting. :-)
I don't have that. I'm so anxious and worried.
We love it too! And will also pass it along to our chefs. Thank you!
Don't tweet to me again. Not down with the sales stuff.
watching #keeping_up_with_the_kardashians on netflix and writing music, #good stuff
How 'bout you shut up and just let me bite on your neck awhile. Yeah, then I'm gonna leave you horny and wandering the night. I'm a bad guy.
UNFUCKING REAL...JJ vs AJ...A on turn...AGAIN! How bad do I run?
"Stay hungry. Stay foolish"- Steve Jobs
All at my college if they wish to have any courses. I teach in my field 1-2 times per year.
Getting ready to party with the parents...free beer!
Coffee brewed, drank a cup. Poured a second cup, drank half, realized original empty cup is still on the counter. Now I'm wondering...
Question: What do you think was the best movie of 2011?
waterfall. Check your texts. Please tell me in detail how to fall on the floor and die of laughter.
First thing I do wen I wake up I give my thanks to God Cause everyday I risk my feedom man this life is hard!
sorry in advance guys, but I sent Nan the first DVD
Great backcheck by Kunitz. The Pens play all 3 zones tremendously.
The new update for #GooglePlus on the iPhone is absolutely stunning. It's almost a shame no one actually uses Google+.
Just finished Monster by Frank Peretti :)
What is a vampire's favorite sport? Batminton.
Great Whovian shirt by on today! Get it for ONLY $10!
followed :) & fer sure.
u realize a lot of his fans are agreeing as well too.. They realize it too!
oh boy (pun intended)....
Happy Birthday ! :)
Back from Target. Time to open some Bowman.
Hooray for new partnerships! It's what being a citizen diplomat is all about
#thankful That I am Grateful everyday not just today!! Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!!! May your plate always be full!!
heyy alex can you follow me please :) ILoveYou
how bout this we just gne stop doing the passions thing unless we just need to laugh 1nite
OR, #1681: the foolish man builds aircastles
nun what about you
Forget who hurt you yesterday, but don't forget who loves you today.
definitely more of an art than a science.
still no share or tweet button for monthly #GreatRecovery article, just a link to site.
my music sounds better when i imagine you singing it
That's just not true. I can't listen to "Welcome to the Jungle" without thinking about your intro. XO
Heard they're gonna remake Multiplicity. Only one actor for that role: Poly Shore.
Good time to be a sports fan in LA; Kings 3-0 series lead, Lakers & Clips both playoff bound, Dodgers magic, Galaxy back on track.
Training new #jhilburn partners today n Washington, DC! U can b trained to. Join p/t or f/t, contact me for info
She is with Ethan, who is friends with my brother. And alright haha
What up w/LAUSD reducing credits 4 graduation frm 230 to180? Do we really care bout kids lrning or r we trying 2make politicians look good?
I see you!
We're here until 6pm today... Come on by and do a little blending!
Just landed for my flight. Haven't had a flight in awhile it feels good to fly again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hey Can you guys Please follow ? He is 2 away from his goal!!!! Please help him....
feeling a bit sad :(
on stage! Live concert starts at 2pm. “: Their performing on stage or just with the troupes ?”
Trying to think of a witty tweet but it's raining and I need to get on the subway!!!
So we'll be drinking beers next year at #GopherFootball games...beers purchased there not smuggled in.
Grateful for the app that allowed me to listen to the beginning of #LDSGenConf while I drove home!
Checkin on attending Agenda in September. Looks like the coolest show. Plus its another reason to head down to SoCal,my old home, 4 summer.
No! Do you want me to meet you at South Station later with a hat?
Thanks so much for the follow I can image your tweets will come in handy when I get my #vitamix up and running.
RT : Feel like the world with everybody's problems is on my shoulders
Press gagged at 'new media' seminar - National Business Review
man!!! Good looking bruh!!!! God be the glory for this day
& every guy thinks they're bobby badass haha
"Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't." Jerry Rice
I want to sleep with Luly.
Hope our background vocals are right. lol
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible – David Ogilvy.
thank you ;)
This food need to hurry up
Noting mi just a Learn tweeter so mi start. Wit u lol
I am indeed! Since Jan. of 2010!
Watching the first new Sherlock and I'm most impressed by the outfit that put Alan Cummings in. She's a genius, y'all.
Ever heard of Ecotrust? For every letter ordered, we now donate to them to help our local ecosystems. Cool, huh?
I lost you at last night! It was a mad house in there
i love you
No! DM your mailing address. We can fix this. RT : I haven't been able to afford in weeks. Worst ever.
Damn I'm ready to get out of this office!
like a page. It's way too long. :/
Thats why the Jags are the Jags lol..
I think it's genius. It helps that Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun are pals.
one more...officially it's a 'sound garden' with make&take musical things/folk art. with yarnbombing. u can change the space!
hahaha idk if I'd fit in! :-P
It's been one amazing year with Happy Anniversary!
Liquidators is looking to fill a few for new #sales positions! Come in & fill out an application!
PS. Where were you last night? I wore my assless chaps and you didn't even show.
Happy Birthday Mister Rogers. You are sorely missed.
John just turned into ben
thanks for the follow. Keep us in mind for all your events around town.
Ah I have an important appointment to get to. BBL #MayTheFourthBeWithYou :)
happy new year everyone :)
Thank god I voted 17 times! RT Made it to third round by 16 votes!? In top four now. Semi-finals!!
Here and now ..I promise to love faithfully..your love is all I need..
RT : Can we hope for a (limited) BMM to BPMN to BPEL translation that works?
We were not able to take anything off the price of oil (to speak of), but the market manipulators were not able to bring the DOW back up.
anywho. . . .bye twitter.
Hang in there!!
Made it to my bed before midnight, but still awake on the dawn of my 32nd birthday. At least I get to sleep in my own bed tonight!
successfully busted my behind three times today..1st time i bruised/cut my knee, 2nd time gashed my foot, and 3rd time scraped my butt :(
tweet me a pic of Rachel and Boots!!!!
It's funny how these kids think that the back of the school by the football field is lovers lane. Yeah right.. #GETTOCLASS!!
too bad we're gunna miss you tonight!
Do you know when you're going to do livestreams again?
Game of Thrones Season 2 starts tonight.. :P~
I love my followers Dont Forget that guys:))
#ImThatPersonWho cares about others not just Myself
Im not watching that shit. Are you kidding me? Waste my day like that? SMH
follow me, please <3
Thanks for the follow Phil!
Oh how have I missed this fantastic store!
what's up..how are you?
We have a special surprise for you coming tomorrow. Stay tuned! ;)
I've never been there! Sounds like a blast though! Oh no! What happened to it?? :(
put your hands up... cause it's a stand up... and I won't be leavin' 'til I've finished stealin' every piece of your heart... <3
Noon on Saturday would be a terrible time for a tornado.
today's the day! our holiday show with starts at 7:30 at the nampa civic center! bring canned food or new toys for donations!
pressure's on ;)
how did that happen?
The future is about non-invasive brain machine interface.
Lol. Watch, in a few weeks, some "other club" will have a tweet off. Let haters and replicators be your motivators!
Busy weekend of birthday celebrating amidst stints of work and quality time with my kiddos.
"When you were under-21, didn't music kinda save your fucking life?" -Ian MacKaye @ #webwise. Save all ages venues!
Pacific 2B baseball: Naselle 9, North Beach 4. Naselle wins Pacific 2B League title and will be league’s top seed into district on Monday.
Tried to make home-made pizza... but I'm not sure if what's in the oven right now has a name.
tried calling num on your FB page, went to fax. Can we chat for writeups on Zagat/Drink Philly? Good email address?
Having troubles with Drupal. Too hard to use.
longs for a more temperate climate. Is that too much to ask?
The Economics of Peace: Give what you have to keep it. :)
I wish you and her the best. RT It's not only me--it's my 69 year old grandmother as well.
representin for the gangstas all across the world ... Houston's with Granny
Have you ever hated someone so much but it just turned out it was you along you hated
Love y'all too! <U+E404>
why is what lol
Just took my sponge bob vitamin
LOVE McCormick and Schmick's Happy Hour. Only $2.95 for a 1/2 lb burger with fries. Way better than McD's and cheaper!
#500 tweet S/O to everyone following.
A return to Denver area in May with a much bigger little boy. and hide the valuables if we stop by.
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>Lunch at Razzi's with family..
96<U+2600> This is ridiculous!
Heat game and jersey shore! This night can't get any better <3
*Smiles, and laughs.*
no, you can't buy a gold ticket unless your city is gold!
my fav was always, If Olivia Newton married Burt Hooten... My grandma used to tell me that one, and I'd crack up, everytime!
is that austin corini?
I see all white people with beards dressing up as confederate soldiers downtown now
Hoorah, impromptu parallel parking lesson from
Putting "LOL" at the end of an insulting text doesn't make you less of an asshole.
I think I see in 1988.. Great tradition at DSU! Congrats on the new job & best of luck in the coming years!
Front office doesn't want a full rebuild. Ya, Shuttlesworth would be interesting!
tomorrow = big day. that is all.
Nice! Hope you had a great trip! -- we're going to try getting cooking dinners together every few weeks.
you all better not get out early when i already worked an extra hour to get out early!!! grr...
marvelous first day at SINGERS FORUM! great space, accomplished much!
just realized that the title link in google ebookstore is BY FAR the best way to find volumes in a series.
RT : IKM Graduate Architects participating in Design/Build Day at Carpenters' Training Center Open House today. Link and photos soon!
Off to the #RolexKentucky for CrossCountry! One day I'll be in it, you just watch!
or framed, or does what they did have some larger purpose, there is always a grand scheme, and sacrifices have to be made.
no noo noo, CARAH wants to pound on your muffin I just wanted you to cool your muffins
she looks like sex sex sex sex.
<3 to You!! Have a lovely day!!
Knol but when you go to you tube you can gett JUICED UP an have you own party with Meech Dogg Juiced UP.
Oh to be prince caspian afloat upon the waves
GPS Conference time!(:
Our Talent show is coming up CSHS. What's your talent?
jealous of the beer cracking. What is your flavor of the day?
Just opened draw something on accident. I'd like to publicly apologize to the 16 people waiting on me...I've led you on. Sorry. Bye.
Thanks so much. It's all very exciting but also stressful and time consuming. Not enough hours in the day!1
RISE of the REAL AMERICAN ARTISTS
Yes Carl's cell. Hundreds of call already. His VM is jammed, text messages, etc. has details. Not cool
Do what you have to do.
Yay! sparkles for everyone!
Outside on patio. Today 71. Tomorrow 50. Ohio sucks.
Going to hoop...screw homework!!
um.. ok. walking dead later on tonite!
Checked semester grades and I understand an 89.31% in one class won't round up but getting an 89.91% as a B?!?
Seems like I'm always trying to feel a void, especially since my daddy passed away in 2009 :(
for sure. wonder if the barriers they see are cultural/identity or technological/integration.
You might like Hollywood, CA. That's fine, but I Hollywont be caught dead there.
If only there were petabyte external hard drives. Maybe they don't make 'em yet. Oh well...
We do not have time for this kind of silliness.
Kincks have shot 29% in the 23 mins J Harrelson has played in this series.
Billionaire tax cuts doled out by the decade. Working class cuts, tweaked week by week. Your 21st century GOP, hard at work!
With the Denver Broncos fifth pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, Denver selects Center Philip Blake, Baylor.
Now is the time to get your Christmas guitar strap orders in. Contact us with an idea for your loved one's dream strap.
The awkward moment when the only thing you know on your test is the date and your name."
Northwest to buy Bank of America branches
Pride and unity awards was a success, I'm so proud of my senior classmates, but this is not the end its only the beginning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
Laying on the couch and snuggling on the couch with my kittycat watching familyguy meow!
thank you hope to meet you one day too.
I do not think I would taste good on ice cream
Work, work, sleep...
What bugs me: it's always the super expensive hotels that charge for Internet. It's like, am I not paying you enough already?
I dont like the fact we had to settle for a field goal but at least my fantasy team is doing allright
Smoke is now smoking'. Looking for good #NASCAR finishes for #14 and #11 tonight in
I think it might be time for a little Vesta Williams.
Love your work!
RT : So the Saddledome has new beer taps that fill the cup from the bottom.
Oh and thank you to my amazing daddy for going to get me an iTunes card in the rain so I could buy this book (:
yea yea yea.. Whatever nigga.. #Gooftroop ass
I always fall asleep when I'm in the middle of texting a person back haha
national gay day ;)
Bean is my boy if you didn't know #Lakers Got home just in time to see him go off but, looks like it won't be enough tonight.
you know that's right!
how long have you had this account and why didn't I know about it?!
What city are you going to be at in late june?
If happy ever after did exist ....
no, you're sending death threats. stop that.
Pom Wonderful Presents the Best Movie Ever Sold is hilarious....LOVED it.
Thanks for the retweets! The more applications for #OutrageousBiz the better.
u guys snugglin?? Me too...I love my boy, hope u guyz are cuddlin good too
Brewers win! Brewers Win! On a suicide squeeze!
Theodore Sturgeon, Mary Minow, Salmon P. Chase, (Captain Christopher Pike, Kilgore Trout): interesting people with fish names
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Just made some Peruvian food (Lomo Saltado).. yummy!
Home sweet home . . .
Gotta love him! Slides are fun!!
List what you love about an #HBCU Classic like our #FreshCoastClassic in #Milwaukee. We'll start....we love the fans like YOU!!
I forgot Tennessee been there a few times guess I was in LA and Texas and Ga when I was itty bitty do not recall
For every exciting punt return, there's 5 plays where he makes a stupid mistake or dogs it.
they a brunch fake werrios any way!! Over in young money! Lol
wondering how seriously I should take my job as DC citizen/observer of the historic this weekend.
Come help steam up with some SALSA for the final Fitness by the Fountain of the season. Monday 10/25 6:30-7:30p. OLE!!
Good morning, #PLA12! Join us at Booth 818 for OverDrive Theater Presentations; you could win an MP3 player... Schedule:...
I can't reply to your DM bc you're not following me.
nigga I will lol! throw them stones if you think I'm lying
Observation: Just because you've been working on crafts for the past 11 months, doesn't mean anyone wants them for a Christmas gift.
I enjoyed you're blog, Annie. My house is getting smaller, but it's hard to let go of memories that certain things give us.
By Carter Maness It's no secret that weed is a huge part of Wiz Khalifa's life, brand and music, but lately it seems to
just dont breath on the candles
due to all the bs in my life, I will be going to disneyland on tuesday. :)
Aww, thx much! :) RT : Lovely 2 see ur face shining from my inbox tonight. is lucky 2 have u!
We killed it last night and Jenfek had the only mosh going of the night..it was a great show with really awesome bands
. Your so disrespectful , Thats Bryant's family weather you like them or not you should treat them with respect ,
There is most def a nice chill over the Northeast, hopefully fresh snow follows
jalons fatass just sat on my chair with with his legss between me
Hope you didn't miss out on Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Wiz Khalifa and hologram Tupac at Coachella. They put on a show!
#CONNECTsocialmedia this Thursday for some new training, staying ahead of the marketplace.
Hi! So glad u liked it & thnx 4 ur comment. Ur a brave soul 4 asking me 2talk abt Kafka. Once I start, it's hard 2 get me 2stop!
We should be makin love, instead of breakin up..
City Room: Several Killed as S.U.V. Plunges Near the Bronx Zoo Seven people were killed after a Honda Pilot went over a guardrail on the
How can that description be real?
the OEA show is tonight at Louis Bar in Benson!!!!!!!!!!!8:30
that's so unfortunate...
I dress up every day for all the different varieties of tools at my school. I just care so much about what they think of me.
Did you see him in dublin too.
Giving a #GIS tour of #FDNY to Firefighters from Topeka, KS and Harrisburg, PA this afternoon.
Day 62 of 100: I am thankful for seeing opportunities outside of my box - and also for my mentors and friends who keep me grounded
I RT'd your story! :)
Gonna go ahead and knock out this arm and ab circuit after I feed the little one
I just don't feel incredible.
Went for a swashbuckling adventure of asskickery on Mars screening of John Carter. It's a movie made by nerds, for nerds.
that's why I don't like repeaters along with giving .....
Awesome. I'm going to hold you to that.
Great time at #THATCamp today! Lots of great ideas, resources, projects and people!
that moment when you get whacked in the thigh because someone doing pirouettes don't know how to hold their place
Come back! Oct 14-16th! tix go on sale in July
I addicted to Strawberry Philadelphia cream cheese .
I went to take the high skool test
Good to see what it takes to bring you back to twitter...
I wish I had an identical twin.
dont make come up to Maryland and beat that ass
#kidding I'll be pulling for bama over lsu anyway
Another 80 degree day in Boston! Come cool off with one of our summer cocktails!
It's about time Jay Cutler got some pocket presence
Going to be another #epic weekend
And now sirens.
Almost time to #putitdown with them iTunes sales #TwoEleven for
I changed my twitter handle. It seems to cover me a little better than just the blog.
Just want a cold bud light and a bonfire
I AM A PROFESSIONAL...PROFESSIONAL!
"bravo! Bravo! Well done!"
hanging out in HUB 302 at the gov & np fair...hope to see you there!
So I'm all lost n idk what I want well I kinda do but oh well today was super sad day rip tio well all love and miss u! <3
#4FamousWords by Politicians: Money doesn't influence me.
The internet is immediate. I hate reading news feeds from people that are DAYS old - ATsocialplaza
Cant believe it's February already. Time flys by fast.
4 million users and 5 thousand corporations can attest to one thing: #CST works!
I always go to bed late and regret it in the morning.
Playing Djembe for w/ UnderGround Horns @ Grand Central.
Pres. Obama said, "elections have consequences" during the health care debate Is this note the same
But... women do have cooties. That's what we learned in third grade...!
Time To PUSH.....BYE FB
Tuesdays With Morrie is actually good. <3
Great UDL class with and fun activities so far!
RT : Alan Heathcock and Anthony Doerr discuss their "Top 10" favorite short stories on The Writers' Block, KRXB 89.9 FM....
Omg , we almost got in a accident.
i mean, you weren't even there!
THIS GIRL IS PRETTY AWESOME!!
"There is a very fine line between love and nausea"
..still don't UNDERSTAND me? Wait, let's wrap our heads around this for just a bloody moment..an Athiest, you..became OBSSESSED with a girl,
I know right ! Have you even had a chance to recover at all this week ?
Omg so many girls r after u!!!
exercise does it for me too. i just need to remember to keep a pen close to the treadmill bc thoughts go away as fast as they come
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>RT : Need Some new nipple rings
no! You go to bed. :p
#ICantStandPeople who wear crocks.
Brockton Reds, Bens Dream White Sox, Middlesex Brewers & South Shore Cardinals advance to #cooperstownclassic playoffs on Sunday.
tea party kicked off shortly after this time period
The metro can be a little creepy at night..especially when your sitting next to a person that is talking to themselves
you got... Ordinary Girl by Miley Cyrus :D
My friend's evil plan to get me watching #GreysAnatomy again didn't work. I'm not watching it again. Don't care about the characters anymore
Lol, Here's to the night...
love it! Serenity now!!!'
I hope that World Peace learn something when he was on suspension,
No comment
"Milania's a terrorist." gets me everytime
Unicorns, like Blockbuster, only get wounded when no one believes in them.
no f carter and Stefan for their comments
lol if yu want to..and I got king at da crib wit me
same to you!
Try something different on your burger for lunch today! Our Ginger Soy sauce is exactly what you need!
One of those days. In dire need of wrestling practice. Those 2 hrs with my boys can't be given a price tag.
its the classic battle of the ying yang or yin yang or black and white circle howev its spelled
Bet I make your back hurt
How can you be a sidekick? You are Robo-Debbie!
'70 Years of Archie Comics' a retrospective, includes over 40 pieces of original artwork & will run at The Cartoon Museum July 16 thru Dec 4
At first I didn't think Sleepy Hollow was a real place either.
actually that is true to start crying when ur angry, it's a way of letting the anger out instead of violence.
YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT BRY SIT DOWN. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Take note, ! ;) RT CODE BLACK WHITE GRAY!
pants are recommended > RT : can't wait for NYE ! I hope everyone has their party pants on :)
Got tickets to see in August with and ! I get to meet my.husband, (; Haha. #BTR<3
stranded at school in the rain during a LAX game
Well, flipping around during commercials I got to see Minnesota and BC score.
Picked up hybrid Zipcar Colbert (good omen?) in Milwaukee, on the open road!
What crawled up your ass and died ?
I don't know yet.(:
he's definitely not as manly as U R Homie!
Did you know they're giving handicapped stickers to big gross blobboes now? It's true!
I told a customer buyin a phone & returnin cuz u don't need it, is like God creatin u and then takin u off the earth cuz he don't need u! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm traveling. What's the topic n what time?
hit them in the leg and be like DO YOU MIND?
check ! love your lippie color. ;-) looks like Mac's "Girl about town " :-p
she can't have stuff like that cause she is allergic
your welcome :)
The 2010 Navigator's standard feature list is generous
ABP is a great place to do business. We can handle your copier, printer and document needs. Give us a ring. 303-778-0600
RESILIANT!!! There REALLY are multiple reasons why this is my favorite word this week. Thank God I'm resiliant!!! #whatdoesn'tkillme ~Peace
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
ima dance better then cb forever....lets argue
Finals today:(
what??? and tell me if u like my tumblrlll
Hey guys we're going to have a show on Tuesday at Arlene's grocery on the lower east side at eight hope u guys can make it. #Riley <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Why is this guy here??? He doesn't even go here!
"He was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities; upon him the chastisement that made us whole, and with his strip…
Hey, wondering if you could shoot the / show 1-21-12 at
I will, as soon as he stops telling me his incredibly interesting sneaker stories haha.
sir, nobody wants to hear about your wife's vagina. Not even the government.
I think exams start tomorrow... I don't even know which exam it is!!
I'm ordering them later
The Magnetic Fields - A Chicken With It's Head Cut Off
Who's ready for our big update tomorrow?
Got into some Curtis mayfield and EWF. Now I'll never get to sleep
Tomorrow cover maybe?
You are not. But hope tomorrow is better. Maybe will send you an orchid...
Thnx Amy! RT :#ff If you enjoy crime fiction and
we love he turns the AC on when it gets hot
Come to Mexico with
And now DUKE? wtheck is in the water?
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen a cop catches you during
Stay tuned for special events coming up with Buffalo Wild Wings, Flying Pie Pizzeria and Caro Amico Italian Cafe.
Today #MusicTimline recorded song. Are you ready for the first episode of "Making off #MusicTimline? Online soon..
Breaking the ice, so to speak. RT #ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate - I need you to sign a nondisclosure agreement.
enjoy it Kim, I'm sure its as beautiful as you. Blessings
Stay tuned to our weekly video update!
: I was just randomly scrollin down and saw what u said about Snooki and Justin Beiber and DIED laughing! Thank you for that
RT I'm going to play music and unpack here at mom's house and yeah...
Wave on wave
Running a Linux distro upgrade over SSH. I'm an idiot. But an idiot who's working from home today, so there.
Fuck me two way to Sunday...
Targeting south park's towlie in late rounds rt : Martin Mayhew says Lions won't shy away from players who used marijuana
If you're a male & checked any of the traits I listed below you're a puss
hope this starts becoming the norm
: The awkward moment when. the teacher asks you a question and you dont know the answer and you end up in an awkward staring competition.”
Every vote is important. Please take a few minutes today to encourage your friends and family to vote tomorrow.
Working on an England lead. I love England leads since I lived there for a year.
So who won the Colorado caucus? #CNNElections #cocaucus #
was she murdered?! Older people always tell me I look like her but still have never googled!
Cant wait for tomorrow.
Why don't people cover their mouths when they sneeze??!!! Gross
Friend: Do you have a boyfriend? Me: Yes. Friend: I want to meet him! Me: Me too. Friend: You're talking about Austin Mah- Me: Yep!
Show Saturday is gonna be great!!
extra 20% off on sale items online at White+Warren
Compare the classroom culture of Finland and Korea vs. America;Note the self-discipline and self-engagement-no "cool" factor needed
haven't seen that one. What is it?
More #awesome for today: RT : LIVE JAZZ on the patio today 1pm-4pm! Try our "Hang Over Helper" Special, Medium Pho + Drink for $10
Rico Over There Playinq Games !
#10factsaboutme I like ketchup but I hate sliced tomatoes.
tell me when u post the stuff :D
note to self: if you don't want to hear people say "I don't know if you can hit your goal," don't bother asking them in the first place.
My Magic better not disappoint me on Friday when i go to this game o_O
I sang super well even tho I had a cold. No awards though. Oh well! Onto the next thing.
For many of us of my vintage, Donna Summer was our first quasi-lover. RIP Donna. You will never be forgotten
"the strep" is really bad today. You're totally missing out.
Love a night of hanging w/ the bros and listening to some good classic/new age rock. I'll take AC/DC and The Who over today's music anyday
Anyone have a link to a tool to check that flash banners are compliant with Adwords policies?
"a nonvintage tawny port that reminded me of long-abandoned Halloween candy, with hints of Skittles and off-brand caramels"
SkyBitz, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Telular Corp. (WRLS), Further Strengthens Market Leadership with New Iridium-Based Global M2M Solution
RT if you've ever been to a concert
are you okay?
A child sings before it speaks, dances almost before it walks. Music is in our hearts from the beginning. ~ Pamela Brown
Okay, so my tattoo needs to stop peeling. -___-
What's good on this beautiful Friday?
GIRLS ARE SO STUPID................i dont even want to go to the hotel just to spare myself from anger
you hoopin tonight
I got a full dose of mindless entertainment! Baskeball wives or just VHI period! Don't judge me!
Awesome news! Welcome to the family! You're going to love it here...just wait
the pact that you hate me .
HAHAHAHAHA YOU DID IT! :)
Don't miss screen printing..you can have it all w/CAPS Int. equip. Purposely made it affordable for all.
Tonight's episode of #MadMen was #Pryceless !
This was his chance to announce his presence with authority. Swing and a miss, Bud Lite.
Odds of making a million dollars yourself: 1 in 106. Odds of making a billion: 1 in 780,000. I guess hard work does pay off!
Same here. Same here.
new piercing this weekend i think so.
is developing a product launch plan for client who wants to reach customers in more than 13 countries!
I don't think so, because they are led by individuals, not the library. I know that Reynoldsburg branch has one.
hey hey buddy sisi~ good morning~ love you my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
may we dance with your dates!
White Sox are playing some ball! Hope we can keep up the pitching
thanks foe including us!
#3WordsForYou it gets better.
I swear, that dude would legally marry a hot pink fixie if he could.
"Safe to drop"
Me: I've got this horrible headache all of a sudden. Engineer: Is the barometric pressure changing? He fixes things and is hilarious!
dont forget to add to that list :)
You are such a strong and brave girl! Very sorry for your loss and yes we are all behind you.
If the game proceeds today. Matt Kemp will sit out due to a tight left hamstring. He will still be up for a pinch hit later in the game.
“: #FF - she just did a Celtics story w/ NO HIGHLIGHTS." // Ha ha thanks! Glad to help! :-)
People change when they get some new ish and dunno how to act but what goes around comes around
My boyfriend just said my boobs are too small to work at hooters :(
Yeah Jose (:
I&#39;d love to be a dermatologist: Aniston
He really is....they just started being buddies since the other dog left. Other dog was overexuberant for kitty.
because i bet it would
i see what you did there :)
Been spendin' all my life livin' in the hipsters paradise... -_- My dad loves that place. He thinks it's #Coolio. =)
The games are at 4:30 meaning I can't take my nap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Thanks, Nancy! Glad you like them!
#Blackparentsquotes , go get me my belt, and if it's a small one you'll get double the ass whooping.
My thoughts are with you, Elizabeth Edwards, rest in peace. I'll treasure the day I saw you speak at UNC.
Limited time - Free advertising for Twitter followers at HRResourcePortal.Com. A direct message is all it takes.
I've got you just the way I like you: soy addicted
Yep! RT A2. My "me" time starts to consist of Comedy Central marathons instead of creativity and relaxation.
Cheer up, buttercup. #SmokeAboutIt :)
Great find!
haha no way !
simply writing samples and maybe a resume. i think a passion for golf and an ability to write with wit helps!
Well, you've got me there buddy. Well played.
true... I will think about it..cause I really dont wanna be here today.
Please let baylor and stanford play this is not quality bball
Prom in 2 days
You'll never catch me in a work branded polo, pleated khakis and white reeboks.
SB 1581 is up tomorrow in the Senate, supposedly. Has guns-on-campus on it as a rider. Call your rep, please: "guns not germane on SB 1581."
Hunger Games tonight soo excited
That akaward moment when your left out of everything -___-
Hi Jane - safe flight in! , Kimberly We're working on place and will tweet in a bit. See you!
At #NSA11 excited to be delivering MiniBüks for
#Pinterest rolled out new profile pages, but mine isn't updated yet. Who has the new profile? What do you think? -Kerri
heres something to do: follow me (;
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 7
nice work!!
Since it`s golf tips night w/ Luke, how do you hit a draw?
Student Senarios on the main stage...
More women than men die from a broken heart. And yes, you CAN die from a broken heart.
Merry Christmas to all..Hopes everyone has a great christmas
Heavy rain and next to zero visability from fog at Newark/Liberty. This looks promising.
Chip Khan, CEO of is doing demo of new software solution Tue. 5/8 11:15 am ...Tweet to meetup
very this account
Do you use Gaylord's in your process? FIBC'S? We maintain a large primary and secondary market for both
Love that song. :)
I am at #SxSW, I'll DM you my whereabouts and we can connect when it is convenient.
Punt coverage in 4th qtr of ps game? #hedeservesmore RT : That hit last night on Pats RB Danny Woodhead was...beyond brutal.
May not have titles but #B1G is tied with the ACC for most Final Four teams since 2000
made a humble offering of 20 today. the big one is in four days.
def! Just easier to do twitter pics from phone, fbook updates will come post-con
My dog, Colby, from Alabama, loves miller lite
#NiceHorrorFilms •Remembering My Ex•
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 26
"Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you." Ralph Waldo Emerson
its so cool our favorite label follows us as well as one of our favorite bands shoutout to those guys
Missing my mom already :(
he should really really follow us ! It's not fair :(
So excited to celebrate 2night w/40 high school graduates who overcame the odds! 54% of kids in foster care ever graduate from high school.
would it make sense for some of the 1.0 crowd to first move to 1.5 since there's a path for that and then move to 1.7?
Haha, I decided to stream the brew. Don't care if it is behind the tv feed.
I'm done
True power will always be spiritual power.
who wanna skype .. I dont use it that much .. soo who wanna get on with me ??
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool we should pull a prank on one of the teachers!
you gon learn today!
stomach ache....not used to it!!!
I just saw a Yahoo artice (yes I know they ae terrible) on hockey player injuries. Good heavens these guys are warriors! I love hockey!
Well then perhaps the issue is the limits. Rendering crashes chrome
#IWantYouTo see me
Because people were to distracted by the Nate Dogg hologram. One small step for man...
at least the caps suck as much as the flyers
Judge admits ad is "unhelpful" and could "potentially hurt case." Judge says he is not ready to make decision on gag order (VIA )
Un treno presto sto andando a Roma. Buon giorno. Early train to Rome. Sounds like a country song.
Love walking by Sophia's Heart on my way to the gym and hearing them practice. Great tenant at the !
Officially booked every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from September 2010 until the end of January 2011!
............because there's a case going on. Daniel can't leave, so they can't be snowbirds, either, huh
#nweafusion Keynote speaker Anne Udall's closing comment Every child is a story.
oh my god. jc follows me on keek. ;D
See y'all in 12 hours!
So pack your bags real good baby, because you'll be gone for awhile
DIANA, what time are you going to be @ school?
Any chance there will ever be an NBA team in Louisville?
foreal? Are those both your kids?
"A pen is mightier then a sword as a sword may only take life while a pen can change the world."
Leaving the mountains:(
miss those #mealmoney days.
Wow today was my last Friday as a freshman....dang this year went by fast!
My great uncle, unaware of the movie, would joke about people having something that "runs after the family" as opposed to in.
NO Jon.
you're right that the original cause of the riots has gotten lost in the news coverage. honestly i think you (1/2)
How they escaped this debacle I have no idea. RT : #mahoney RT : At least Bleacher Report's integrity is still intact
Friend was telling me about the cast of Wes Anderson's new movie last night and basically named everyone BUT TILDA SWINTON.
Yup that crap bothers me.
jus for her
live from studio124, we're prepping for a substantial read tomorrow, we will get to the promise land...rs1
THIS IS U13 SOCCER NOT THE WORLD CUP EVERYONE NEEDS TO RELAX
"Web marketing is about delivering useful content at just the precise moment that a buyer needs it" -David Meerman Scott
i know it's not gonna happen, but that's what i would want, cause he has been worthless. Quiz is much better
heading to class. Yourself?
#nyapd #artsed #artsed good arts educator pd should include community reflection and be a shared think tank
: I'm certain that u receive a great deal of fan mail; nevertheless, I want to confess my sincerest admiration for ur work.
Shall it be margaritas, sangria, or beer? I'm hoping Sangria. It's possible we steal a pitcher and make in room.
Chloe is my favorite little dance mom girl. Haha. (:
look at the tweet I replied too
a puppy dies every time a woman goes out in public wearing jeans with no back pockets
its going good(:
Thanks to everyone who voted for us in the contest for Edgefest! Voting ended yesterday. We find out Monday!
Scotland education has shifted from knowledge to skills and knowledge
"H3yy, wh R y0uu dO!nq?" "Nothing much...About to throw a dictionary at your damn face."
Why is America so offended by a talented woman artist? I don't remember ppl being so offended w Springstein or Jagger's age.
Is Jillette still rocking the ponytail?
LOL...you're DUMB!!
The moment when you're laying down and you're wondering what it would be like to be Austin Mahone's girlfriend..
How to Write Faster than a Bullet Speeding Through an Orange! How to Write Faster than a Bullet Speeding Through an Orange! OK, let’s be
your welcome hey can you follow me back(:
I been doin good
I told you!
Heh, I sure hope so.
except for the giants.. Cuz they just won Super Bowl XLVI
earlier watch episode #21 of the vampire diaries the best so far this year ,,,,,,
When is away from the Octagon Lounge, I control the remote!
Snuggled up on the couch with a glass of wine watching a movie.
Guns N' Roses has been nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. I think this is the first time they've been nominated.
Just do it! We think too much. We talk to much. We don't do enough!
Don't let the clouds and potential rain keep you from enjoying March Madness. Sound and Basement with specials are open all day!
3. Race and Racism is big business. It generates ratings, $, and made careers for people who use it to promote their agenda.
The idea that a skyscraper is nothing but a vertical suburb is ridiculous. It's not what happens inside. It's what happens on the st
Patio party at CopperTop good food, drinks,people and dj cyn its beautiful out come by after u
Getting excited for this Thursday and Friday. Friday afternoon's schedule is packed -- indecision time!
I'm putting together a list of #authors on Pinterest. Can I add you? @ or DM your user name and you'll be added!
Happy Monday!
Wow, #Caps, wow.
Created a lot of outrage here locally! They have since hired an attorney and now the case has disappeared from local news
I'm only going to keep playing as long as some of that money goes to bathroom renovation :)
Day 2 of living/eating Primal!... Feeling good!
“ “ Everybody ain't who they say they are.””
Bret Michaels Settles With CBS Over Falling Set Fiasco Back in 2009, Bret Michaels suffered a serious head injury during a performance at
Remember when someone would say "Get off the phone so I can use the internet" ?
Lady Gaga going to Peru because a the club fans of Mother monster I was born thsi way Yeah So very very good on you´r country bye bye
"New guy, new day, everyday!"-- Miss NatalieNunn BGC4!
ok. I will. (: see I'm following rules
dude, im gonna miss out on so much sunday. fml.
omg we are no longer friends.. those two words make me so grossed out.
xD that makes me laugh every time!
Patrick Ewing Jr.? Wtf, I feel old now! Smh.
They're gonna make me hand them my phone & all of my jewelry. No tweets for an entire hour. How will I survive?
It is very unnerving to be proven wrong, particularly when you are really right and the person who is really wrong is proving you wrong and
perform Tonight on CONAN on TBS. Its their first national TV appearance! First of many that is..
so disappointed finale is cut to one hour. what a slap to the fans:( for the voice? UGH! but we'll be there bob! always:)
Oh I know that too! Sunday though Katie was almost acting like a lady!!!
I knw Im late, but even if u already saw it, PLEASE REWATCH #THESECRET,#LifeChanger(IF one puts it in their daily) on Deck 12n
: indeed! Plus some new small plates :)
a #cartoon or #animation show. Based on idk something good. Lol
#CLASSIC RT And on da count of 3....GO! Go go go go go go GO! *common voice* << Im going to be singing that all afternoon lol
Home alone till Saturday Boa Lexi, Will, Lia, Cam and Tiarius and Reco comin over !(:
That was the most annoying thing that's ever happened to me.
yes yes!! But rehoboth is on the east coast? What's next?!
Feels like Friday !
god damn super moon made me look like an asshole last night
very inspiring story Marion! God bless, and rock on!!
I've had same experience. In many respects DMV's bad rep is a bad rap. Like Post Office.
Lmao. That Was My Ringtone.
that 70's show is too funny!!! those are good too!!! Cartoons are not what they used to be;(
Check out our band The Bellmen!
where does she got out? of another galaxy, because... HER EYES ARE OF ANOTHER GALAXY
CAN YU FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YUUU PLEASEE THANKS XO
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Marketing Brand Ambassador for Pirate Brands. Deadline to apply: Tues. 1/31
Some people accidentally walk on your feet & apologize; others walk all over your heart & don't even realize. RT
Facebook, ice cream, and Beavis and Butthead do America on a monday night.
hi my name is ____ and I am the SWAGMASTA of fields..
Glad everyone is okay. Do you know how it started?
Tmac actually dunked on somebody
- thank you for attending and speaking!
The best thing Tebow can do is run for 8 yards on a consistent basis. The bad news is he's a quarterback and we need him to pass.
like seriously just got so excited.
Don't know of they were UO Team Members or not, but people were golfing at the Drive-In. And no line like last night.
The merch table is where the magic happens. Price your CDs & t-shirts right, or even better, bundle them to make more every single night.
you don't know what cold is until you've LIVED in Wisconsin! lol
Thanks for the #FF. Right back at you! have a great weekend!!
Bible! Robyn- "Show Me Love" is on the radio right now! I got so excited I almost ran us off the road!
Lots of good soccer/football action on TV today. Plus start their push for Stanley. April is great.
Does he ever? RT agreed! But Coach K doesn't look to happy w/ the refs!
Good morning SF! It's a big day...let's do this!
A man and his thoughts are a lethal combo, stick shift, clutch hit, dimes like rondo
thank you for listing us! Much appreciated
not watching the game because my roommate is watching lost.
“: pulling an all nighter tonight. FML” Me too. Kill me now <U+E313><U+E13B>
yeah, always seems like an excuse for me.
Happy Tuesday Tweeties! Stay tuned for our nightly special tonight. In the mean time, stop by for some great breakfast & lunch!
Just got home and woke my wife up to chewing lifesavers and how cool they are when they sparkle in the dark. Not sure she appreciated :)
Please remember in #Syria people are still fighting to have the democratic life we have. Take a moment to send them one of your prayers
"Move your meat, lose your seat" -
Yeah, I think they really biffed it on the casting. I pictured Malcolm McDowell as President Snow, not Donald Sutherland.
u in chi!
I notice that Peter Barlow was dressed as Shakin' Stevens in Tonights #Corrie , retro style mega!!
Yay, lights are back on!
#amasummit isn't quite the same without - I'm sure plenty of other #AMA peeps would agree!
Confession: I laugh more when Jacob laughs. His laugh brings me joy.
Good morning!!!
and average people talk about things... : ) I love that Aristotle said: "all things in moderation"
Awesome! Ch. 17 shares my friend 's story. She was gracious to let me tell it.
Landfill presence is obvious (signage & huge grass covered trash mountain). Now what's really in it? Who knows?
"I SAID JUST THE TIP"
Pimpin' , then heading to and 's Cinco de Mayo fiesta! Ole!
Hey Holmes, What It Is? My Family and I are wondering if we can get directions back to the expressway..
hahaha i dont thinks she can ever here us though
Heck yeah. They are coming here later this month too and I'll be there. Caught White Fence at SX and dug it like a shovel.
Attending my first #Cowboys game today. They better win!
text me
speaks, great comment......Happy New Year
well... we'll see you soon then!
Indiana Jones and the Mountain of College Debt
Sang in church choir,hr bike ride, cleaned in house,watched3 NFL games ,staying bussy ,but 2nd week alone at 64 lonley w/no lov of women ;0(
No guy ever asks for a picture in your sweat pants a t shirt.... That should change.
what if you found a Twinkie inside of another Twinkie? Wurrrrd.
It's going great! How are you?
u should dove into dat bitch nd been like pow bitch
i wanna see the new #harrypotter movie.
Just realized you're not following us. Wanted to let you know :)
if u ever even act like u want kids u will understand. I'll b there for ur mental breakdown
What an amazing New Year's Day! Excluding the agonizing hangover and missing shoe of course. Really lovely though.
#keepitfresh RT most of the shit in your head is in your head-if you can get over the static, you can proceed
they were only a "secret" up until like august 2011 when WMYB came out...
Beale St Memphis = crazy
are you alive?
thanks for the #FF! Hope you had a great holiday!
Did you also know that we have a weekly content meeting in 25 minutes? Jacqui, it is mandatory...so uh...
long story
I officially met this Korean kid who'd been picked on and I stood up for. I let him know I was there for him, I reminded him he wasn't alone
Happy birthday Dave. RT : Wait. What!!?? It's your birthday!!?? xoxoxoxox :)
that's why they're now 'servers'.
Clippers don't play that
#media99 John Wellington Ennis: Everything comes down to the story-telling.
Good Morning Tweeps!!!
I'm with the FBI
you will be sleeping most of time.
From all at us at SenSpa we hope you had a very happy holidays!
Opponent set for Tuesday night #CIT ": quarterfinals(elite 8) OU vs. Rice Tuesday at 7pm in O'rena. Be there! #GrizzGangorDie"
Very True! RT : Listening 2 Bill Bratton Americas top cop "leadership is lonely if your not a good leader"
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!!!
Tip:) Hold volunteer positions in organizations. This is a great way to stay visible and give back to groups that have helped you.
RT : Best thing about living in this 'hood is being close to Twin Anchors ..& the worst thing
hahaha tell me about it
“: Let's all make a fuss about Dwight Howard, the guy who's pushing to get traded from a 28-16 team to a 15-29 team.” THIS
Precisely. O2 would make it a problem:-)
well he wasn't thinking of us LMFAO
has google taken you over too??“: O man, I feel the urge to paint a real big map on the floor. Again.”
Um RT ARE YOU EXCITED TO SEE ME THIS WEEKEND ?!!?
I just saw a B&B tow truck stranded on the side of the road.
Apparently my crippling fear of sounding douch-y in my first tweet was grounded...
Oxford Property Group is pleased to announce that Sercan Atalay has joined as a licensed salesperson
are you attending today?
Is it supposed to take 2 hours to figure out what I'm going to do for the rest of the day?
Gee, I wonder why? ;)
with the boyfriend for the night :)
'Every research group was interdisciplinary: chemists mingled with physicists who chatted with metallurgists who lunched with engineers.'
Lineups for tonight: Mosaic Wine Bar in North Park: Curiocity, Slow Cal BBQ, Hoangies, It's a Dogs World and Groggy's. Eastlake: Asian...
Sorry had to go! Next time
oh u got meds
Oh yeah oh yeah - I can't wait for tonight's episode of
Just did a radio interview. Host asked if you can forego AV if "you are careful where u click". Bad advice! 2/3 world cybercrime victims.
he jumps to high to NOT be rebounding I mean come on...
laurenitis beat the dog shit outta cena, Brock fucked triple h up bad, broke his arm,smh it was some bitch shit
thank you.
Caramel frap. Is so refreshing right now<3
I would have to say Take a look at his tweets... hahaha :)
At the Denver airport waiting for the shuttle. I see that the airport, while technically near Denver, is still in the middle of nowhere.
Thank you!
So awesome!
We're looking forward to the 4/11 event and just printed out the readings. They look really interesting!
lol shit would be funny as fuck ... But the cops probably on to us trackin our tweets we need a new plan
Yeah because a teacher is not suppose to degrade no student either she gets fired or suspended.
Ah; okay. Will there be a hilarious web series chronicling their journey to fitness?
Off to check out a possible venue for the Summit County gotta find the perfect venue. Fingers crossed we find a keeper!
A little late but here's my short #FF... and
Did you know that in 1996 that 1 in 10 people used a MAC.
You should never forget who your real friends are because when others turn they back on you, youll see who sticks around
ha i wish i could do it!
Found one! Yay!
Finished the first season of heroes!
Highlight of my day: Stepping out of the office, catching a whiff of 2 homeless guys' weed & their unconditional love "God bless that ass"
I could spell correctly if I wanted to. I just didn't feel like it at that moment.
Bad news from Double-A Tulsa tonight. #Rockies De La Rosa done after one inning in rehab start. Left forearm tightness.
Sure thing! Glad to look at it and give you feedback if you want another pair of eyes.
Cabin in the Woods, Ice Cream and ! Jealous!
who sexy?
Who's Laughing now....
It's going to be in the 70's all week!
Vol-de-mort Vol-de-mort
Chilling with my honey...
Definitely cleaning my baby today. Too nice out.
... that's a great idea! We'll look into it.
Doing some heavy duty writing, stuffs sounding so amazing! :)
Favorite email of the day began with: "I am a grandma and a proud hooker!" Right on, grams!
i wouldn't mind the NIKE contract!
hey love like my page for me on Facebook it's ski new York
O I like it! I like it a lot! :B
Pravda and report #Ovechkin and #Eminem to collaborate on new hip-hop track. We will not be able to decipher one word.
What does “a la mode” really mean? “In style.” Our favorite item a la mode? White lace.
Good night thirsty peasants! Enjoy Kobe's #diarrheagame! #Storylines = #ratings =
I still love you BunB!!!
Two more days intil the Avengers comes out :D !
Latin Vibe Fridays VIP tables going fast. Don't miss out! Reserve your table TODAY! It's going to be crazy. Sorority-Fraternity-Fridays
Kobe isn't sick... He's just an actor like my man
my new favorite song... #MarilynMonroe by <U+2665> hot damn i love this sonnggg so much EVERYONE go listen to it NOW :)
I'm jealous of you with that 92 degree weather, but hey we've got 63 degrees today in the Windy and Brewcity.
I ask myself that a lot ;) ..if you have a blog or something & link to LyricWiki, that helps to fix it! :)
u're welcome : )
GET OFF MY TWITTER STUPID HOE
you should come in sometime, we open at 7 am, close at 3 pm. Happy New Year to you!
S/o to for being able to dunk, tht shit look hard
Have you listened to me lately? I've been going crazy
Finally got a twitter! #YAY #weirdo ;)
buzz buzz..slap.. owww..
follow this babe for me
I will do my best to attend!
#TheHungerGames was and A-M-A-Z-I-N-G Book :D
well thank you then!!:)
We work with everyone! Just followed you. DM us your address and which one you would like to review
Given your age you have to admit he does have a similar-valid point.
In disbelief and annoyed...r
Just entered to be 's Official Twitter Reporter for #SummerJamz15 ...voting starts May 28th, make sure you all vote for me!
im so tired for some reason!!
i wasnt talking about you, i know you dont know everything about stretching lol
enjoyed your podcast presentation. "teachers and students are always on, even when they're off" good to keep in mind
Got a little inside dirt on the upcoming Punch Brothers album 2b recorded this fall. Sounds like it's going to be a bit of a new direction.
Knicks @ Nets game
Come see me at the Sherwood Regional Library tonight at 7 for my discussion of my book.
That awkward moment when coming home early means coming home at 4 am.
want a soda
time for this Ohio girl to hit the sheets. I enjoyed chatting with you tonight....#youcanjoin #waitdidIsaythat ;l
And Rick Santorum proves that God exists by dropping out of the Presidential Election.
Menstrating is for the birds ...
Jameson, butterscotch something, and orange juice.
I guess my point is that *best* means nothing. If Grease 2 is a favorite film, then you'd make a case for why its "the best."
Awesome weekend in Charleston celebrating. Back to reality with a flight to catch first thing the AM.
lol not starting till 4, gonna attempt to get a place at the rw24
I've already played it to my mom...#TurnToYou brings me to tears..I'm so proud of you justin we've come on a long journey<333
yea it don't matter wit me
I tried to tell ya :)
will be coming 2 an arena near you SOON! Keep a lookout and follow him 4 more information.
yes you have. RT : I've trained my folks to give me a treat when I beg.
Start tweeting! What makes you proud of ? Tweet
Now I have to wait until fall to know if they end up together. Ugh.
I wish I wasn't so insecure.
Oh Hell,yeah....an Indie singer from Wisconsin just won best New artist of year. Hello Milwaukee. Love you Justin Bon Iver
no lo dudes gorda<U+2665>.
girl she good still bossy as eva Lls
I HATE SUMMER HOMEWORK!
Beal *sidenote* I still have so much hate in my heart 4 Rumeal Robinson, that day at UM will live in infamy lol
Pics or it didn't happen.
- looking forward to the Black Animator Round Table Discussion...stay tuned
Nothing online is private or personal. If U want it private don't post online, anywhere. Don't blame Facebook. Take responsibility.
We didn't care if people stared, we'd make out in a crowd somewhere...somebody'd tell us to get a room...
im so bored P.S i got glasses!!
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~Mark Twain
Purchasing a die cutting machine to cut out 1500 dear heads was the best decision ever in the whole world
throw back Thursday!
I love this song !
You're welcome :)
**and not before 8. Bulls are on at 6.
susie, bobbi and natalie at the Stay Classy Awards
You Think u The Mob Nigga we The Muh-Fuckin' MOB !!!
More Tweetup attendees: and we saw and pals
... that the #matrix cannot tell you who you are ...
Voicemail:"Hi Page this is a viewer, u need to get a new wardrobe. U r v cute but u need to remember u r on TV and dress like it" haha.. wow
Man fuck bodybuilding. Meals every 2 hours. supplements. Now I know where all my money goes. Ripped as a ma'fucka tho ;)
I can't believe that...
Cautiously optimistic about going to Cali at the end of June, might be a weekend or longer if I can find a friend to crash with....
the awkward moment when someone walks in on you taking a picture of yourself ...
I used a phrase today: "active learner" - active listening, synthesizing to reach new understanding
Breaking Dawn this weekend with Javi?... I hope so<3
28 hours till the NFL draft
The Album WRITTEN IN STONE is #1 in NEW YORK AND SOUTH FLORIDA REGGAE CHARTS. (2 weeks in NY and 1 week in South Florida) Thank you to...
Many things to do! But, Enjoy The Little things around your life! The one and only day has come, I'll pay for all the bad things I've done!
Of course the first major snowfall in Rochester would be on Friday the 13th
tell me about it:/
Ha. "But I wasn't being racist! That's just not how I pictured her!" And THAT is why people need to discuss race more often.
Another case of the #mondays folks? It's ok, #bartab and #MNF are here to help you get through the day! Who you guys taking tonight?
product placement penguin
The name of that beat is called "Order Up" Fam.
#ThingsNotToDoOnPublicTransportation 1-Use disrespectful language 2-Display your intoxication 3-Forget children and families ride, too
*crush walks towards me* *I move over* *he walks passed me* ME: WHY DID I MOVE WHY DID I MOVEE. fml.
Chairman Hayes about to follow-up to the #SOTS on News14.
At work...AKA a day full of tweets and fb status updates.
Ik!!! He lives 45 mins away from me and I went to the marlins game yesterday and I was like mom lets go find
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one
Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take small steps. -Helmut Schmidt
....chirbit isn't letting me record!
Hey everybody go follow shes cool, and she follows back,!
My #FundraisingFriday is part time job apps. Last project got 65+ new leads and $130K in 3 months. #NPO Chicago, interested?
If you always give, you will always have. ~ Chinese Proverb
My new website is up www.kristengandy.com
AlphaBeer is tomorrow! We're tasting fantastic craft brews like , RSVP: bit.ly/tltabv
First snow of the year came a little soon...but I love it.
yeah it was a fun project. Short turnaround time though-Wish we had more time to work on it...
AH can't wait to meet him
DeAngelis Donuts just got personal. Stop in to find out how to make the Delightfully Different Discound card work for YOU!
MOB=Money Ova Bitches
Twitter will never be the same with you on here!
well, I guess I should have said 2011-2012 seasons. Cutler, Forte, Toews, Hossa, Rose, Noah, Gibson almost snapped an ankle.
yes but do pws start 2 think early enuf in dev prcess past their exuberance at world theyve created+focus on where they+aud end up?
Today's pizza : Chipotle Steak w/Roasted Red Peppers and Cilantro Lime Sour Cream, just $12. Free toasted ravs if you mention this. Tasty!
Off to Princeton to see my baby girl graduate. Can it be possible?
Black is a status, there's no one on this earth the color black or white.
Simple salvation. The good news. The challenge is living the Word & know the rewards are great here on Earth on our way to heaven.
Congrats gents. Happy moment in the Gradkowski family
Lawd, where is ??? I need to vent n I know he does too lol
I'm glad that other channel switched to the AM dial. It brought me back to your show. My radio hardly moves off
If the only time you EVER talk to me is for a ride home im giving you the hell naw
Had an awfully dirty amazing night with some old cheese tubes and wideboys.
#Social #Media + #PR Exposure = 17% Consumer Spend Increase vs. Prior Week w/out these elements.
Will try! RT : Whichever #wine warms your soul! Tonight we are drinking Cotes du Rhone wines join in! #winechat 9EST
All Sole EVERYTHING follow da drummer,
i just want to disappear
Going to sleep while it's raining means I'm gonna sleep like a baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
So my mom is surprising me by coming to visit from Saturday to Thursday!...a little thrilled, a little not, lol.
I give up on this series
'those 33 days in the summer of 2006...'
I was trying to find out where got his AA necklace he wore at the Grammy's last night, but all i could find were a bunch of blogs a
The thing I hate about resumes and cover letters is that you can ask ten different people and you'll get ten different answers.
If you were a member of the Riot Grrrl Online website or the forum/message board, please share your username on those sites.
RT I want a golden tan
fill in the blank statements on twitter. RT “: RT & Fill in the blank: I could not go a day without my _____________”
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
Great stuff, keep up the good work and let us know if you need help with your insurance!! :)
Left for dog park at 530 then errands, dinner date, now home. Did I really miss anything?
Dude! Brilliant. I already own the books, so I don't need a second set.
Rain and Thunder :)
Opened LONG $EURUSD @ 1.39893; 33% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
how about Tampa Improv?
"Saving one dog won't change the world. But surely, the world will change for that one dog."
Yes... If friends can't be honest w/ each other no one else will...love yall!!
RT : Would I be opposed to someone making my impression of Caillou's father into a ringtone? Two words: "OH! NO!"
messing with my LinkedIn/twtr settings to make sure I am not bugging my LI connections (too late I fear :-) ) Let's see what happens....
Lol has custom made headbands to hide his reseeding hairline. Holy shit. No bullshit, that band is 2x as big.
RT : Do you know any good DC based Java/JSP programmers avail right away? Please send them my way. GSA a bonus. Thank you tweeps
Off to buy clothes...I hate shopping.
The day is flying by, thank god!!!!
we're still here :)
happy new year!!!! updates are on the way!!! i promise ;)
just said twat is singular for tweeting, somebody follow this guy and help him out!
i can see the n
Watch out. He could be a raptor.
If I had written the Screen play for Romeo and Juliet I might have a problem with Hunger Games. Just a bad Copy of content.
Ain't no woman alive that could take my mama's place! R.I.P. Mama </3
you're welcome.
You know when a girl acts like she doesn't want you then you want her more. It's time to be that girl Buffalo.
congrats on your success, I look fwd to following your journey. Just Wrapping up day 1 of 15 myself.
Family day. Fun with family
Great work on Dajaz1.
Ricketts + Blind trust in Theo = Disaster waiting to happen.
Heeelllllllll yeah we got MarchingBand7Days trending :)
What is one characteristic that you believe every #leader should possess?
I've done that! I got to drive the Duck on water. Did you see the post where the same goose has nested for ten years?
#whosgonnalose - san diego at dallas - san diego will lose
auto black on black leather. About 155k. Open to offers
What you get
That was another bs call. Come on you dumb dumb refs.
18miles? Wow, that's incredible
Xmas Tweets: Mom is saying how the teachers don't do "Dick and Spot and crazy stuff any more."
Hey long time, no see. Just wanted to say hi :) so how's it going?
I don't have a problem with anybody being rich. I have a problem with people being GREEDY.
I think I am going to frame this picture today :)
Praying for some encouraging answers from the Dr's when we get my dad's test results back today.
- very very very. D:
Sessions, yes, crying.
will be in the UWM union tomorrow 6-7pm
where am I?
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Up All Night!
oh wow ok thanks , I fell asleep n woke up to the best part
Happy Psanders Day! :)
RT : We're going to go out on a limb and name a #postseason legend. RT if you agree!
One of the main reasons people overspend is due to being completely unaware of their current financial situation
hahahahahha I love you
#ArentYouTiredOf politics already? Especially during election years!
Eatin lunch outside and listening to hipsters analyze a Selena Gomez song that they "hate"
Just saw Dark Shadows. It started out well but fell flat after the first half hour.
oh thought u were a guy sorry jkjkjkjk lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! & I will celebrate for you! I wouldn't mind having some cake!
lol so true
And THAT is why we should be together!
I'm big on a healthy Ryan Grant this year. He has something to prove
YAYY!!! Text me twin
exciting news for Received $750K in funding to expand healthcare services for #homeless and uninsured in
sounds like heaven...
T minus 15 minutes until Rock of Ages!!
Have you noticed how every spot has the BEST music by DJ _INSERT_NAME_?
RT : Guests arriving at Healthcare Breakfast
NEVER look for someone to COMPLETE you. A relationship consists of 2 WHOLE individuals.Look for someone complimentary. Not supplementary
When i'm sad,i stop being sad and be awesome instead
Looking forward to a visit to my studio tomorrow by the #AIGAStout student group. Irashai, mina-san! Herzlich Willkommen!
I am interested in your public relations internship. Are you still accepting applications?
R this morning " I hate to tell you this, but there is water all over the laundry room floor....but it's all going down the drain." GREAT!
Thought for today... It is infinitely better to be for something than to be against everything!
the comments are great!
i have left campus for 45 minutes in the past 3 days
the question has been asked.
it is. Or a rescue.
This week I'll get my patio and outdoor areas ready for Summer sitting around and outdoor cooking season.
#c21nonhuman the video piece we're watching on the screen is delving into my memories of living here = good strange feeling
HOME ALONE AS USUAL bored as hell I need a gf but not just any gf I need a LOYAL HONEST FAITHFUL RESPECTFUL gf if that's u hit my DM
“: It is not rational to rationalize life.The irrational wisdom of the heart is more trustworthy” Ah, the irrational blood pump
“: Don't be shocked if Hue Jackson doesn't last in Oakland he's welcome to come to #Baltimore and be OC.
I'd expect nothing else from that one. Already looking forward to it (and will stock up on wine).
an in-the-weeds meeting - the devil is in the details - ideal theory meets old business practices - my mind is whirling
30 day challenge!
The inside of my vagina really itches, I'm going to finger myself until I bleed, bye
Wake-up call for dormant ideas/insights in your head via amazin videos! Don't forget to check out the #PopTech2011 speaker preview!
That place is fricking sweet. The owner won one of those Food Network "top chef" shows - you'll leave some cash behind, though.
no, YOU
Hahaha! That's great!
Joey, quiet in a playoff game? Nah
Gotcha! Generally speaking, I find the economics of growlers to be confounding.
thanks for the prompt response! Hopefully we'll hear something from soon
So true:"Early Research Catches the Worms" great post by about getting outside ourselves + testing our assumptions
someone paid to print that, huh?
What is up with gay dudes having nasty attitudes on Twitter? Grow up and man up!!! lol
pleasure! Your entry has my mouth watering ... candied bacon? Yes, please!
When your lobster roll tastes a little too fishy...
IT'S MUCH EASIER to turn a friendship into love, than love into a friendship.
FYI I only read your blog every few days because then it's like getting an angry 20 pc nugget instead of 4.
I miss you! Get back to Fayetteville already!!!!
After just 1 year as a new Christian artist I have received more support from the Christian music community than i ever thought possible!
Lmbo I'm ONLY saying....they love me...They keep secrets...It's all good! NO CONSEQUENCE lol
I could be crazy but, the word "customer" bothers me. Thoughts?
drinking that weird NJ-brand guaraná
Well, that new heart didn't quite make Dick Cheney Mr. Nice Guy.
Everyone go follow NFL Runningback . He is going to do it BIG for the BEARS this year.
Please make a hilarious hashtag.
"oh thanks for tagging me in that picture of fake sneakers on Facebook!"
"Any team not winning its division should not play in a National Championship game" -Nick Saban 2003, Kirk Herbstreit 2007
I go to Laura Walker.
I am verbose today. hm...
AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon form joint venture to power contactless mobile payments nationwide
Yup! Hint: in German (closely related to Yiddish), it's my understanding that "schmuck" means "jewel." RT Did I make a Yiddish pun?
I cry on every family holiday
Excited for you!
"like" this is you will ALWAYS help keep the underground music scene alive.
i saw esg with luscious jackson approximately 97 years ago in ny.
Seriously, you look 12 in this profile pic. lol
Will be in the St. Patrick's Day Parade Saturday March 19th!!
To be fair to Madonna, that was a rogue Pube ;-D!
winner Living Social Boston aka sent last tweet 4/19. sent last tweet in 2010. R U Leaving:(
This boy got a text from his girl sayin she has mono. & all i could think about is his ass gettin tf away from me lol I don't want it
Anyone have a Hazard/LCA final?
might be going to the reunion filiming in New York!
will do! on the agenda for today! cheers from NOLA!
Had a great time exploring Shakespeare's Sonnets last night!
Hot latin music with conjunto alegre sat 25 at the conga club, 10pm-2:30am. Come celebrate dominican independence day.
Your butthole will break soon
when are you gonna do a pro shoot? :)
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art & working is art & good business is the best art. ~Warhol
did you send your spam army after me?
Happy #Bornday to the big homie . . . Go'n in heavy #Beezeweek 2012
Looking forward to #chichat at 11:00! Comedy Wednesday!
you better!
Thanks for the tip!
Sigh. It's true. This puppy needs a few good TCH!s and some calm assertiveness...
Same shit different day
You are not who you think you are.
Follow my boss up & coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!! Keep in touch
plz don't piss urself plz... she'd need a lot more than just a "couple wet wipes" for that mess #NotCute lol
whoops! Sorry! I didn't even notice he was was that tweet! Funny.
is so awesome -- the songs and artist pairings chosen for the duets are amazing!
How can we look at a map and be in the map at the same time? Does God even know?
Get well soon baby...sorry for getting you sick
Pick your battles in life. Just because you don't say anything doesn't mean that you didn't win. (daryldorsey.com)
Interesting that some of the most important bizz meetings happen in the least expected places.
We'll be waiting for you!
where are you, we need an #LSDO reunion
that would be a legit adventure tho lol
Road Island Tweet Queen!
There is no better city in America to bitch and whine about April baseball than Boston.
awe damn, its cause of all them damn donuts, cupcakes and shit you ate
not going to happen
whoa. sorry for slow response ... DMing now!
I just left so cal. :(
You know they're lying when their mouth is moving.
Thanks for the kudos. It's one of our favorite shows! Keep listening!
I'm sort of assuming my church's gen convention will do/say/pass something that scandalizes me.
Dinning Room Set $ 279.- table+4 chairs HUG FURNITURE SALE!!! up to 65% off!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Now that I've hit 1,000 followers (without following over 1,000 people), I feel as if I've made it as a parody account.
traveling lol then gotta do it all again MONDAY !
DEMAND POLITICAL REFORM. Lets start a REVOLUTION. Demand Campaign finance reform. It should be illegal for anyone to give $ to politicians
Yay!!! Happy Birthday! I hope the crew is making it extra special for ya! Knowing , the cake rocks!
YEAH RIGHT !!! Lol
Sounds delish! RT : post run smoothie turmeric elixir, , hemp seeds, sunflower butter, blueberries
I'm singing Diamonds Are a Girls Best Friend for the 1940's show. Shocker, right? (I actually think Xanax and champagne are better buddies)
contact me....let's chat about my show...and my VIP group
thanks I am just feeling overwhelmed I have 2 kids in the autism spectrum and I handle it pretty much ok today was hard
people who have less than 10,000 tweets are noobs
You failed to ignore my tweet.
Traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets call me 702-882-6007 No court No traffic school
"Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."
Heartless Bastards are rocking the , , and at party at Bat Bar at #railsconf. Are you here?
Getting extra money in your paycheck and you don't know why
is catching up on Tiny and Toya
Thanks for the RT!
good stuff you sent me on
My dog is missing and my soul feels dead. I will love you, forever, Zsa-Zsa.
When you think Tim McGraw. I hope you think my favorite song. The one we danced to all night long <3
time for my aunt's baby shower! :)
haha no way!?!? I was working out
I'm not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship." -- Louisa May Alcott
ugly ass swear she hurting me aww no Mami I don't think so boo!LMFAOoOo
#Sad :( In Loving Memory RIP Kenneth Gary Vann You were A Wonderful Person <3
lol.....lol OMG only you josh, only you!!! :)
that's what's up, what about my Drake and Lloyd
Off Track Art: “Child of the Universe,” the latest exhibition by Phil ...
Great!! See you next year!
I got Casilla. Come on baby!
those little kids are hyper a.f . i gotta work again tomorrow. 3 days of practice tomorrow is the last day . thankyou jezus.
thank for all the hard work!
Morning Twitterville! Wonderful days lay ahead! Lets get started! *nudgingmyyoungesttowakeup
no bunny has to know
and i bet 6 in 9 will offer to do dirty things with you BECAUSE of this tweet. ;)
I MUST have a cape!
WoW! The Simpsons ride and Harry Potter rides were my favorite!!!
My favorite pen just ran out of ink <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Standing in line for take out. Asked by the guy behind the counter: "Are you here for pickup or delivery?" Small logic flaw there ...
strategic. I like it!
great news...there is a 20% chance of rain today thru wednesday!!!
#RITBrickCity Tickets are selling fast for Al Pacino and Freguson. Don't miss out and sign-up today! www.rit.edu/brickcity
I'm greedy.. I don't think 50 cents wings is a deal.
High as shit
i just got done carving my pumpkin...
sorry to hear the missalbany diner is closing. had some great bkfsts there.
Turn out the lights, the party's over, they say that all, good things must end...Good night everybody!
Mike supports the Children's expansion plan which will bring the number of beds from 250 to 600
fuck yeah! That mini jam was pretty dope. We gotta jam with everything and everybody though!
all you single ladies put your hands up!!!!
Saturday night on Bourbon I was assaulted with a few rock chalks because of the blue.
- LOVES to read and tweets about it!!! I suggest that we ask him to be on a READ poster!!! :)
LOVE LOVE LOVE. (;
At the eye doctor...I have a feeling my eye sight is getting progressively worst
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Gotta get ready for rehearsal
I'm done with the Drudge Report. Deleting the bookmark.
finally got tickets for the concert in 2013, next step is to get the may and MSG concert tickets for this year !
Just finished 2 days of recording w/ my new trio w/ John Hebert and Satoshi Takeishi!! Lot's of music!
wouldn't it be nice if customer service actually meant someone would help you. not at
Kayne West, John Legend, Robin Thicke, and Trey Songz belong to me. Keep yah paws off !
what was the sample on?
You can't accomplish one goal by just writing them down. Get familiar with HAVE, BE, DO.
Sex and the City is serious a life saver.
How could you expect to run with the wolves at night when you spend all day strutting with the puppies?
the leafs. They were down 3-0 then came back, tied it at 5 in the last minutes and won 6-5 in OT
check us out for your Nashville tattoo needs! kustomthrills.com
I wish austin would have brought me to NYC!
May the fourth be with you.
Thanks Josh!
My Aunt is a computer god. Definitely just helped me fix my computer which I thought was a goner.
Check out Jenny Saldana's "Happy Cancer Chick Web Series" on youtube. It is both educational and entertaining. I love it!!!!!!!!
Thor just likes to have a little company LOL. Lonely at the top.
My long-time dear friend Kimberly's Mom died today. My condolences and love to her and her family!
Thanks for suggesting lunch! It was great catching-up!
HER: "I'm sending you home, so that clearly makes me the alpha male!" HIM: "Okay, well, here are your alpha male panties."
Next Saturday.. OSU vs. Bama? Who's with me?!?
One more time : one more chance toO chill wit my niggas . Ill c yall soOn . Time keepn us apart.
Thank God there's TJPD presence at the SYPOE Sentri lanes also on Sunday's, would had been a mess this weekend without them
That is NOT my job!
hey PTX, would love to get my hands on some design ideas for your look - marketing is key ;)
beat it!
Working. So hungry I'll die any second.
We totally had twin Saturdays.
but in my opinion track record isn't that great...not to mention black ops was horrible
I love you
that's what I'm saying, I asked my mom not to go to work this weekend bc of that
. . . and there's that day you pitch fastballs to your kid as hard as you can - and he's completely cool catching.
she hates the idea of me leaving she said it's real emotional
Also 'Nodir' get a better name and stop shaving your face with the same razor you shave your sack with man.
day two of working on Friendship Nine pictures. Hope to have the fb page published by 3pm today.
MIDDAY on HEALTH, questions for Dr. John Cmar 1-2 pm today email a question in advance
Never too much never too much so much!
Thank you rad people of
wait- songs from the year you were born? Hard to Handle? This kid was born in 1967?!
hahaha great movie. Hope you and the boys are having fun!
"What are you talking about? I found a baby before."
Congratulations! RT : finally made my decision. i will be attending St.John's University in the fall :-)
makes me warm inside.
Friday is a happy day for PIERRE! #L'Enfant today visiting our loyal Ficellenians!
Some girl staring at me in science. LESBIAN
noo I'm not :x
Lawmakers: House Will Vote On Stadium Bill Monday
The boyy needs some followers ;o hit him up ;) #MF SWAG
Lets go
is this who I think it's about??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
asked for my number I said no, u still asked & followed me out the store & I said no again then proceeded 2 call me a B**ch
Is there going to be VIP?
RT : A great day for Rip City!
Gav my laptop to my girls sis to fix hopefully dar ain't no pic on it ;P [FuckIt]
hahaha beanies like that though not her fault :p
ha.. Im glad they are optimizing the page load.. the site never loaded so quickly ;)
i hate my teacher
Have to say...i have the most amazing followers!!! Thank you all for watching my music videos and all your amazing support!!! You Rock!!! :)
don't leave New York! The team needs you and city idolizes you.
Come to Springer booth 118 starting at 1pm today for 20% discount on books, free journals, & meet the editor to talk about your book idea.
RT : Tmrw 's Scott McCown will be talking TX school finance lawsuits w/ at noon RSVP here:...
Please don't tell me & were the only ones that saw my bike get bitched by 's trucks tail whip action!?
The All American Muslim controversy can be summed up thus: Radical Christians attacking Non Radical Muslims.
ok i'll buy 2 tix today, i work right by the field
It's funny when actors resist you putting them on a winning path. But it's tough to change sometimes. It's worth it, though!
Would love for & to follow me, LOVE THEM ALL! XOXOXOXO
I'm coming to Madison Friday night or early Saturday. Stay in touch weezy.
Watching real-life movies about people on drugs make me glad im straight-edge.
lucky! lol i get to go in march. how is it there?
Found you! Such a pleasure meeting you. Have a great Thursday.
One lane highways with hills and slow drivers
Very welcome. thanks for following back :)
that is so wrong! Opposites Attract! With cartoon cat!
Yes to coffee! DM me and let's get a plan going. Happy New Year!
how many times have you really messed up on stage?
About to raid the granny smith hive, look out applebee's
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. ease follow me ? :) PLEASE
RT : Always feel inspired after every piece. Thank you for a wonderful production of Noche Latina
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Gregg Rogell
Memo to Republicans: Virginia is not your play ground/ launch pad You are miscalculating and overreaching. You are power hungry sad sacks.
#WHChat Thanks to the President for sending advisers to help stop #LRA attacks. What’s the plan in 2012 to ensure success?
Niggalettee_32 peed herself
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he'll quickly learn how to chew it. -Roy Ash
A job title doesn't define a person .
Have you ever tried to sneeze with your eyes open?
Being from the hood is overrated.
Another item crossed off the (patented) Multi-Month To Do List. *pumps fist*
that's so cool you interned there-I bet it's a great place and awesome experience! Congrats on finishing!
Willy T. Ribbs is racing again!!! Can't wait!!!
Combining spring cleaning, packing and moving by throwing away everything I possibly can
Whut the whut tumblr?! How am I supposed to get my blog on if you are on break?
who wants to know? LolRT Should be
Clarity Legal will be closed today for Good Friday! Have a wonderful holiday and we'll talk to everyone on Monday - John, Clarity Legal
My teeth hurt:(
Bad Call
They died a really ugly, slow death. Even by the cut-throat world of sports business standards.
Kendrick Perkins is still trending!? Poor baby, LOL
i miss him soo much </3
this homage to Serene Velocity is most gratifying
yea real exciting day on the job
At least this time I've heard of the terrible pitcher the #brewers are getting schooled by.
True fact: I shot a rifle for the first time over the weekend. Hit within a few inches of the bullseye 5 out of 6 times at 25 yds. Fun!
Prove it.
My new twitter account is: , follow that account please. Thanks.
Silver Fork winner on on now!! Channel 9
y is what?
Love that #FlyMeToLondon is trending now. I will take a free flight to London anytime, #Olympics or not. Just send me!!!
Looking to take some HDR Homestead shoots in Cincinnati area. I'll photograph your home and convert to HDR, send me a reply. :)
No poll necessary. Dave Grohl is 100% awesome.
It is important to celebrate even small victories. It's tragic not to celebrate the big ones.
Do u like or hate Michael Cole? I'm pretty sure you all will say "I hate Michael Cole!" lol just Sayin ;-)
RT Ultrasound Fat Zapper! Seriously...sensible diet and regular exercise perhaps?
well, it IS to some extent. But if people don't realize the importance/value aside from "ROI"...
Text me your nam if u are going to scottsdale az I will get u vip free drinks and bottle service text or call me 480 233 5463
i'm in! And so is
Now Kimi is sitting on the floor, looking up at me, and saying, "meeyyyoooaw! (let me out)."
Consult your magic 8 ball for the answer.
Jesus battled satan with the words of his father in scripture, whose words are we battling with?
Omg I'm very excited that Justin and his team will be here in Brazil this month. ,, ,
I believe it might be time for a need picture. Lol. Had this one for over a year already.
Starting this weekend, purchase Revolution Cider at Garces Trading Company, 1111 Locust Street, Philadelphia!
"Milk was a bad choice": what the kid on the cover of Time Magazine will be saying in 20 years
Looking at a hot pocket and thinking "why am I putting this in my body?"
Wow I'm honestly embaressed
what a beautiful morning, and i get my new bike today ok =)
Thanks f/the retweets, know we'll get some fabulous candidates. , ,
Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart. - Myla Kabat-Zinn
Good morning ! :)
You guys, I spent way too much on bathing suit(s)? today.
goodnight I love u!^_~
The only way most people recognize their limits is by trespassing on them.
Yum, PIE DAY!
#FF Happy Friday!
It happened again! Co-Editor-in-Chief, Clara Fannjiang, won a national award from Scholastic Art and Writing...She is a poet to watch!
thanks for the mention! ;)
Home is not where you live, but where they understand you
glad to see you came to your senses. I was reading an argument we had on Facebook last year about the C's. Too funny.
what's happenin
where did younger this from ?
he hates Nebraska because he's rich.
From now on I hate physics!!!!!!
What's going on my twitter fam? I
#OnceUponATime is stressing me out. Haha
Family Feud in Denver as Texas D1 Morse nipped Danny Granger D1 87-84 in an epic display of fundamental hoops and 3 point shooting by both.
Only if you make me.
night “: well good pain yes. Good night.”
I think this is what they call cyber bullying. I don't remember agreeing on this
Won't teams throw games to get Andrew Luck next year? A once in a generation talent and bonus certainty? Might need a draft lottery.
Happiness is not of the same kind as material objects are.
have a great trip! :)
LOL!!!! RT Tomorrow is Lebron James day, everyone gets to leave work 12 minutes early.
#Resolutions are made to be broken.Choose goals that You'll keep trying to achieve all year! .. Not quit within the first week.
I love the #smli webinar with & ;-) | great work and I will be using your tactics often!
Those Chase card close-ups aren't really in the spirit of the show are they?
Bring it!
OH female policewoman: I have blood on my arm!!
I like the temperature, but not the rain.
I'm glad you enjoyed your Game of Basketball :+). Let's see if you'll go twice a wk. Have Fun
New york in the morning
"Besides conferences and email lists, the Internet Marketing underground is held together by a weird fascination with video."
So Modest Mouse is coming to the
Fleas in cats can be especially sensitive to treat-check with your Veterinarian
i voted over 1234567890 times....can i get a follow back please....btw i LOVE you guys:):):):):)
nope I am not I stopped promise haha
Do you provide reference services? Helping setup and wondering about the possibility.
#StickyNotes are your best friend when you have the feeling that your day is gonna be filled with brain farts.
I am having one of those "I am so sick" days I am counting down the time until husband is home so I can tag out.
I could've sworn avocado was a fruit....
aye dont forget to watch pretty little liarss tonight! ;D showw's full of
your gorgeous
Thanks for the follow Sean!
#TheLifeSayings: You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost and realize that what you have now is much greater.
Can't find my stylus for my iPad!!
4 what it's worth, PTI is the sole democratic political force in Pak. Re:Much to criticize re IK/PTI, but ...
I've seen more famous people in the year and a half ive lived in Chicago than I did in over 3 years of living in LA.
as in, his mom tells me he's mine anyway ;)
Everytime I play Blink 182 I think of <3
For sure!! Hope you had a great weekend :-)
Picking up Joshua from school.
At least the #Yankees didn't forfeit after 1 inning, kinda equivalent to what #Duke did in the #NCAA Tourney.
Just prayed to a God That I don't believe in
At PhDeets, PhDs can tweet the essence of their dissertation to the world! (In fewer than 125 characters, 2 save space 4 @, #, RT)
Fresh fiesta garlic salsa, I am in heaven!
At UCSD Rady School of Management speaking w/ MBA students & some incredible successful startup & fastest growing companies in our region.
Have a great night.
You cannot put on dear John, what a girl wants, AND forest gump on on the same night!
We were just making jokes about #gamification in the office!
I want a YOLO tattoo. Lol
I'm a terrible cook. Tonight, I try eggplant Parmesan...wish me luck!
Cute! Back row, third from the left?
I'm having the hardest time concentrating today...got photography on the brain like crazy
Oh man. Just saw the news about Adam Yauch/MCA. Totally stunned & floored. :( Just bought the 33 1/3 about Paul's Boutique. Namaste, Yauch.
I live 12-min walk so you win. Still--freaky! Where is yr piece appearing?
and I are celebrating our 100th DM.
Camping at Raystown lake PA and riding the Allegrippis trails all weekend.
I developed an instant crush on at AWP. It was like we were on a picnic every time we spoke.
#Verizon, your bad idea commercial is a BLATANT rip off of SNL's bad idea jeans.
I need to buy a better camera to film my beat making process...
- my dad went to high school with Duck. Seems we're losing a lot of musical greats this year.
we use #informatica in our healthcare business for similar reasons as #foxtrot. Cloud product is great.
": shout out 4 shoutout ?" Sounds like a deal :)
Dude, I am loving the raw, unbridled conservatism. I need more Repubs in my feed. I think following you was a good idea…
My car is like a revolving door of signs. Lots of people committed to visible support. Reminding them all to vote on 6/5
Just a reminder, CDM is open until 10pm this week for your #finals studying needs. Free Wi-Fi student discounts. Good luck!
Social Media Promotional Sale :: ALL THIS WEEK :: [[ all monthly packages only $50 ]] Email Us For Details ::
i showed my mom the version on the stream. all she said was "oh my."
Who is going to MNF this upcoming week? Go Bolts!
what about Shottas
Thank you! RT : I thoroughly enjoyed the program at Tanglewood yesterday. Bravo to you, the pops orchestra and the vocalists.
Aye man,can i get a follow back?Maybe we could talk sometime
Throw away idea you'll be perfect and you'll be closer to perfection than ever before
I'm so done
Merry Christmas. :)
Got to see the lovely and talented CJ Merriman on stage at tonight in Magic Bullet Theory
I am ON. BOARD. Yay!
Hello twitter
I love this. Can I cite you?
did you see the picture on the baseball page? :)
my dad just admitted to me that he used to come into my room in the middle of the night and get my secrets out of me because i sleep talk..
Much much needed nap
how did it go?
can NOT wait for tomorrow!!! Excited! He's the reason why I'm tuning in tomorrow! <3
oh, and if u are in LA or NYC and looking for a great workout, just let me know and we'll get u into soulcycle !
Am experiencing great frustration with label printer. Will library re-org ever happen?
What about diet coke?
The Spring Home & Garden Market Series just Ended!! We had a great attendance! Fall Dates are on the website! www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Student: wants to know how mini funds are being spent. Is there a way to expand transparency?
how come you can stay out so late? my curfew is 8:30 rofl
I wish I could cuddle up with HIM right nah! /:
You're not kidding. Luckily, all's well, but apparently there was a SWAT team stand-off in a nearby neighborhood. Yikes!
RPD confirm they found body in Iron pool & they "believe" its the body of missing girl Larie Butler. We're live @ scene @ 7.
I'm sorry, I don't think I can help although it's a really nice idea, my balls are prints of my paintings, the paintings take about
i thought you didnt use smile faces like youre to cool for them
Ah, I haven't started watching it yet, so it's all spoilers to me. :)
Dance Moms Miami is good but i like Dance Moms better
I hate when people don't text you right back.
Yea, I've got 2 good through July.
lol. they wouldnt even trust you tho if you was living with a female. EVERYBODY know how you are. lol.
"Money can't buy you happiness" yeah, but it can buy you concert tickets which is pretty much the same thing.
Dey Call me Inky!!
It's a mobile strategy game. Insanely fun.
I DIDN't laugh at yours! i was laughing at your face lol
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
Feels good to barely beat a bad team. Orange crush is back suckas.
Is masculinity oppressive or is male insensitivity oppressive?
Thank you very much for your vote and your support!
Well it's the same thing with football for me. It's all about who has the "purdiest culla"...
I just saw this but yeah sIGHS it's so good it makes me died
how are you?! You ready for tomorrow? How's your song coming out?
You must change in order to survive
Wow he was out by a mile lol
When my sister & mom argue in subway <<
What is this nigga real name cuz I'm sure I don't know them
Moved on to #Shameless. Sorry
cool , hey follow me girl.
Better not...my other half will be upset and then you will have to deal with her :)
Great to hear you will be at #drydensocial You really get around! Fedex overnight flight? or do you have a twin?
I hoping too
Life is but a dream.
Q3: Now, to change topics, since it's grab bag day. What can small publishers do to revive an out of print favorite?
When I graduate people will wonder who the fuck I am!!
that bull duke is working
Somebody needs to take me to go see Titanic in 3D.
Okay, does anyone know when Battleship premieres in the U.S.?
Either way, keep up the good work, nice to see the in depth coverage you provide compared to others who shall not be named, ha!
Smile For The Haterz! :)
I've always said a comfortable chair is the sign of a powerful executive.
Injustice could be eliminated, but human combats and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Another rainy day, another #27 no show.
5:00 PM - RT In the Trenches live at Claddagh Irish Pub.
Happy Birthday, !!!! I love you!!! xoxo
I can't wait to see these places!
Sure , we like to keep in touch with forward-thinking #venturecapital companies! Thanks for the shout.
Why is there a Boy Meets World marathon on MTV2 ? Why is my brother a BMW expert?
DC: 29 degrees outside. GOBAL WARMING, WHERE ARE U???
Think ima delete this one & start al over...
is haunted by the story of walter lyles' booger.
That awesome moment when they're showing the Flinstones and the Jetsons on Cartoon Network ^.^
Have you guys had Gorganzola cheese yet. It is heavenly.
why are auctions like ESELL economy proof? We provide things to the people that matter when times are tough, and that's a fact uncle sam!
Actors, Screenwriters, Directors: showcase your work directly to Hollywood studios on my new website. Coming December!!!
congrats on beat Duke day, now go grab a no.1 seed and beat KY if given the chance.
Sometimes when bad things fall apart its so good things can fall together..
Michael's been around for 2 yrs!? Boyfriend needs to deal w/ it & show up. But holidays are hard
Dude if he is really on SOMEONE RECORD IT AN POST IT ON YOUTUBE OR sumtin cuz Il'l die #freakingout..!
If you happen to find a gold earring in your cake bag , its mine! The reward is my vinyl of stevie wonder's Innervisions.
Its worse than early collage.
no survivor... no Amazing Race ... boring summer.
tweets the info or :)
i found 's last name on the word search in 6th period hehe (;
that is more of a deterrent
Today should be a good day, no school (y)
Trust is earned;)0
It's coming up next Wed 5/9. Going country line dancing... thus the need for some kick ass boots!
and how in the stars did u get THAT nickname?
Forget trying to "compete" w the Jones & Smiths try my neighbors on for size
Just watched Cabin In The Woods I gotta admit it was a good movie I was laughing mostly tho cuz I just laugh at horror lol :P
you're always at egyptian.. you should start checking out instead of checking in.
Y is orange leaf following me ... I don't post about yogurt ...
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all. Cheers for a very green & safe day!
Thank for the RT, Mike. Hope all is great with you.
Its funny how being in Vegas has made me pull back from the world, being away from the internet is the best vacation. Peace out.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <U+2665>
My #SuperFan levels will one day be equal to your Napoli #SuperFan levels... I hope.
is looking forward to the RBS 6 Nations starting in Feb -
Hi! I Agree that is a good book.
that's f'd up tho
Love Love Love Lil Miss RC!!!! Lets Go Crow!!!
Song of The day: Stay by U2
That's what I would do and good it's been too long since we all kicked it
Never fall in love with a man who don't love you
For a Happy New Year: happiness book display at Newark Public Library, 2nd floor
Say what you want about America, thirteen bucks still gets you a hell of a lot of mice!
i saw iron man 2 , 2 weeks ago it was awsome :)
Alex Epstein suggests sending a query letter BEFORE you write the script to judge the response. Your thoughts please.
you don't have to tell me about unpacking...we still have stuff in the garage!!! :-O
exactly. an agency that knows how I do it, and do it right.
look solid so far without Pujols, but it's breaking my heart to watch him suited up for Los Angeles. Still, I wish him well.
Is anyone a vegetarian?
Kudos to the organizers of #MoxieCon. Great conference concept and amazing energy. Sad we can't stay, but we'll be following online!
i'm not a wild one, i fall asleep at 11 pm.
great we hope she raises awareness of the Colombia IDP and refugee crisis
can't wait to shoot. Fun, fun, fun!
we're in the front, come say hi!
Indoor cats and indoor plants don't seem to get along very well...
To my mother - a loving, compassionate champion for marriage equality & more - Thank you & I Love You! And Happy Happy Mother's Day to all.
Today's special is A-FREDO-MAZING! Chicken Broccoli Fettucini Alfredo! Served w/ garlic toast and the knowledge that this meal rocks.
That was one of the oddest and most entertaining stories I've ever covered.
*tear* ...I LOVE YOU MAN!
Ayurvedic prescription for headaches
RT : The best way to predict the future is to create it- Peter Drucker RT
David Harris: If we don't have strong schools downtown, we won't have strong neighborhoods.
THE VERONICAS - MOUTH SHUT LYRICS
Wondering what's happening in MA. Brown win would be totally awesome - if the Dems don't figure out some way to stall.
try aloevera as a gel, coconut oil, and olive oil...suave or herbal essences for shampoo and conditioner
We already know your password: iamawino
#tasteofdc countdown!! Final hours before kick-off!! www.thetasteofdc.org Join us Sat Sun & Mon to Sip Savor & Celebrate!
Baby makin weather
Thanks so much for this and all your support!
They should make an award for anyone who uses an entire tube of chapstick without losing it.
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
Unions do all the work, then share the wealth then unions can give the 93% nonunions some money
Live fake , die fake .
If you think i like you then i probably dont
Raining in SoCal. Say it isn't so. <U+2614>
RT Eliminating my alma mater's system would be the biggest travesty to the HBCU community. I need them to think things through
If anyone is having a bad day remember that today in 1976 Ronald Wayne sold 10% stake in Apple for $800. it's now worth $58,065,210,000
National Nurses Week begins on May 6th! Want to join the celebration as a nurse? Call us at (888) 682-2761 to learn more!...
“ “ I am not mad, I am hurt. There is a difference.””
Oh, ONLY a grizzly, monkey, and a mountain lion?! comforting. :-/
Let's Go Yankees!
was relocated to my own office because they started movin cubicles around.. seems like they forgot cus ive been in here for 2 weeks
My #quarterlifecrisis is telling me that my life is in shambles. It's just one of those mornings but I know better. Must push forward!!!
haha RT “SURELY NOTHING HAS TO LISTEN TO SO MANY STUPID REMARKS AS A PAINTING IN A MUSEUM.” – Edmond de Goncourt
watching punk'd
Vegas hotels have some great food, but with my shake in the morning I can pass by the temptation!
glad im not the only one who feels that way.
Plenty of sun out today :) RT : see you baby birds later. I'm going outside to soak up some sun. See you soon
Wisdom arrives in silence, Beth. Shhhhh....
I'm obsessed. You guys are awesome!!!
this world was a better place because of your father. There will never be another joepa. Please continue your fathers work
yeah, I'm optimistic big picture, like a lot of ppl wanted it this yr bad
In Seattle this weekend. What to do?
. or "my husband and I's," which might be my ultimate annoyance.
I like the title stories in those collections. Figure they titled the books after them b/c they are particularly strong.
that might...tickle.
Learned this by exploring how to put a fence on a retaining wall on our property -- public space permitting goes through DDOT.
finally pulled out my new compressor / nailer combo to put up some shelves tonight. { insert Tim "the tool man" Taylor grunt here }
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE RT IF YOU DO TOO
DM Simply put, we developed an Edu solution gaining more momentum than we can support. Would like to explore turning over to HP.
Can't believe the Ky. Derby is next Saturday already!
What is most disturbing? A) Twins' rotation B) Plouffe's hair C) Doumit's stache D) Butera on roster E) All of the above
You need to leave all those reality broads on the sidelines and come get a real woman...lol
Wah-huh? ": 1 adult male stabbed in the upper body in the 1300 block of Irving St. NW."
Meats and Meets, Beets and Beats, Spirits and Spirit; Come to TAG RAW BAR and see what I mean!
If they 6pool you, your scouting wouldn't amount to a whole bunch unless you send out one of your starters as the scout
I'd say: do your work in the done() callback. embrace the "asynchronousness". gist an example and I'll help re-write.
Who would like a shoutout ???? :)
have fun with that lawn mower. I'm teaching Sadie today!
The higher your station, the less your liberty.
13m: knock on by Japan. USA's Mike Petri to put into the scrum
Thank you for naps, Lord!! I definitely need one, today. Wow.
what happened?
Who said ya about what?
I just sent a text asking "how much for a cow and seeds?" friend in Uganda needs to feed his family long term, puts my life in perspective
Did you book your Limo for the #Steeler Game this weekend? Call today to book Pittsburgh's best Limo Service
Is there a social stigma associated with being a "media whore" as a scientist trying to simply communicate their work?
WORK THAT BATHING SUIT......FIERCE
OMG MEAN STREETS IS ON NETFLIX STREAMING!
I love you. Will you be my bestfriend please?
I did for like a day, but got it back :3
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
It's Late Night in New York with your host J Lino
#IndySM Which athlete or celebrity best used the #social46 hashtag?
not here.FB ;)
thanks for that - the tweets are great
What's the equivalent to retweeting on instagram? Regraming?
THEY ARE SO BEASTY . Except x2 I god damn hate THAT RIDE
RT : Got a haircut & straight razor shave last night at in the 3rd Ward. Highly recommend if you need a cut or shave.
Anchorage it is official...we have sunshine! Let spring begin and please, please for the sake of our eyes wash your cars and trucks!
i give up. i'm going to go take a nap.
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH I WAS AMAZED. Us and our crazy facial expressions.
Where do I get a Barrett/Mitchell sign?
I thought that was only me!!(: lolol
happy birthday!
You too Martin!!!!
Got my mobile settings working..ish. Tech is a godsend!
How about "the minister switching sides, in G's mistress's compound, with the gilded automatic"?
Wondering if is good for you? Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable about it, w/ , , and more on Fri!
Actually, yday House Dems intro-ed Senate bill in House as HR3743 #NoMoreExcuses MT The Reid bill is in the Senate
We're going to Puerto Rico for the holidays! See ya in 2010 New York!
Luv My Undies is offering 15% off womens and mens undergarments for Diversity Platinum cardholders!!!!!!
I'll cry. Turkish fans don't care why? Please answer. TURKEY! PLEASE! PLEASE ! <3
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath
what about all electronic devices need to in the "off" position? :)
Reconnected with an abandoned poem tonight and discovered its heartbeat, alive & musical. Cuembe laced within. Yo amo mi
There's no future in time travel.
The hardest thing about robbing a train now a days is finding a place that rents cowboy outfits and can keep a secret.
Obedience happens when we trust God more than ourselves.
Omg I miss you (:
I'm so serious lol but okay :)
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Your article can be in the format of frequently asked questions
#turntoyou is such a beautiful song<3
Happy Leap Day! A whole extra day to explore or come see Use it wisely.
Watching Money Ball. I love smart movies.
SEE YOU IN DENVER TONIGHT St Patricks day Shenanegins!!!!!!!!
Sarah and i are going to watch the starwars series, she has never seen it, should we watch it 123 or 456?
Very early, but here's the #MLB attendance standings with the #Phillies leading the avg attendance per game. Avg MLB tix $27
I use Plume for twitter on Android. Like it a lot.
I really make a mean cup of coffee. Why, this one just called me fat.
Listening to Calexico con Iron and Wine , working on a conference presentation.
RT : Features kill websites. Let's go for experience.
Good luck in your search. The DTWatch was most entertaining. :)
your suppose to stareat it then blink really fast at a wall :)
so todays the last day in florida. how sad....
Getting tired of hearing about e-readers and the companies who own them. Remember when the book was the subject of interest?
Editors over 40 at my company are unceasingly paralyzed with fear of SEO, keyword tagging & social media use.
Do you need a second opinion?
Heya what's up?
Pierre escargot.
Noted.... Im just getting off. Soon I get 2 the house & out the shower I'm gone call. For the record tho; I haven't got a call
Soon. RT : Over/under on when they stop having FoxTrax up for every pitch?
i love ur long hair will u marry me maryse ?
party rock. im actually on twitter. like on my laptop.. woot. hello world(:
If they ask me 1 mo time, when I'm gonna use this bubble bath!!!
Women know how to fake smiles. Men know how to fake feelings.
On the break both to go
Bout to head to tha game
what is ?!
yes Bella dog you've been hacked :( I rcvd the message too
R.I.P Joe Frazier
i know it's insane!!!
Riggins cut his hair off?!
The Office = Awesome.
Why YES. Yes it is. Although I've had 1 lg cup of coffee & now moved onto a lg Mt Dew ;)
“: Putting the pro in procrastination this week.” <<-- I can relate.
News Leonard, Kim, Stenson tied at Disney Henrik Stenson and Justin Leonard are part of a three-way tie at Disney in the fin
That's false marketing like a weave that looks too real
Google plans to launch a music service in India to help users search for legal online streams & downloads to combat rampant digital piracy.
sweet its always a good time at #FatFalfas maybe will join us Saturday night for cheap beer and movie
Could you set your viewport to 640, and just multiply all other dimensions by 2? Hacky, but might work.
Okay then if not Vinny is a cute Llama!<U+2665>
Hope everyone had a fabulous weekend! What did YOU do?
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 18
idk if will be okay with this he might spear you and take you back to his tribe
OH NO HE DIDN'T. Chris Lynch, CEO of Vertica (recently acquired by HP) just connected Lady Gaga & velocity
Thank you!
Keep an eye out for Pluralism & Unity board's new program FULL DISCLOSURE, launching November 7!
You hot sexy guys out there should follow this chick... me, so go follow :)
well, I'll take what I can get.
me too!
IF THIS COUNTRY'S GOV. IS OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE THEN WE CAN'T BE BROKE, THE COST OF THE CAMPAIGNS PROVE THAT!! lol !!
Got a cake 4 my bday, someone takes it without asking, shares it and leaves me with none
Me. If that even matters.
"Imagine" by Jonah Lehrer. It's about creativity, pretty interesting, easy editorial tone.
no and believe me...I've got a good reason.
Thanks for RTs!
i need my cousin sheem to let me get that id damn
Great events meeting with today. BIG stuff coming this Summer!!
Early crisp morning w
RT : How much Dirt is there in a Hole tht is 2 feet by 3 feet by 4feet???? (There's no dirt, it's a hole!)
for WTF Wednesday with $1500 to give you. Come kick it if you looking for a party!
Really enjoyed my day ...went to two church services n thanks to sum friends ate good been a blessed Sunday, wats gud twitter
My biggest remodel is she is beautiful, talented, and AWESOME! Somehow I wish I can somehow I could meet her just one day
Lying to me?
lol! u right though
#BestPickUpLines "I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?"
Consideration: wireless access--other devices were not allowed on the network (on lockdown)
At the Kingdom of the Sun watching hoops. Always trying to find players.
Q: how to make donors feel appreciated? A: communication outside of asking, explicit thanks, building relationships
it's funny. I never got a message but just saw this. Probably because we r on diff planets
I have no words for this. Y'all are crah-zeeeeee. But happy birthday, either way ;)
Tonight im performing @ the world famous comedy store 8433 sunset blvd. In the belly rm shw @ 9
o Nap Wednesday. Let's make it official.
$5 Pubwhiches all day until midnight! Choose form one of 10 delicious sandwiches like the Salmon BLT, Veggie Cheesesteak or Rueben!
If Twitter and Facebook were school subjects, my parents would be so proud of me.
I would be in for rounding up some DC bloggers for #thingsimafraidtotellyou posts..breath of fresh air!
They call me dr. Feel good
Happy Halloween!
The stone was rolled away from the door, not to permit Christ to come out, but enable the disciples to go in. Peter Marshall.
Okay it's bed time for me! Thought I could pull an all nighter but apparently after five days of three hour sleep my body decided To sleep
Dawgg, U Fucking rule!!! I Worship You!
We'll post it in our events :)
Bahahaha!!! I love it!
I love watching Go #snowboarders Andy and Tommy!
morning! How are you doing this morning?
amen! It's getting old
Any word on how many living Medal of Honor recipients there are? 60 has to be a large %age.
Good weekend, my brother. Macadellic on repeat. I'll get at you soon, gotta get this graduation ceremony down in the record books
triangles are my favorite shape
THANK YOU! If it weren't for pink bats, I would never know about breast cancer!!!!!!
Apple has only 8.8% of cell phone market, but accounts for 73% of cell phone profits. So why has their stock been going down?
#askthechief. What is law on unconcealed carry?
Fuck Valentine's Day :|
lol well thanks for being concerned...I think
Hate netflix
Mary Poppins is a TT! LOL. When I was little, I used just to sit there and watch it again and again all the day.
"What is your long term pension plan?"
the tweet I responded to was an angry one... someone obviously pissed you off haha
Aw, you couldn't have told me earlier? I just bought some. But I guess I can still return it.
The girl who made my sandwhich sucks ass at making sandwhiches
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
well i was supposed to go to california/L.A on the 20th, but amazing news, we're leaving friday after schooll. i'll be gone till Febuary!!
It's good thing I am not court side right now! :)
Curiosity piqued and peaked (and plateau'd). You'll let people know once it's ready?
Thank you Kodesh!
My score is 27. I improved it by 14 points over the past 30 days! ~ This is pathetic I think I like Klouchebag better.
4 DIY Compost Bins You Can Build in One Day VIDEOTreeHugger - bins
Dropped passes were a killer to K-State
that was a dumb statement considering bane is in it. Bane will steal this one just like the joker did in last one.
eff that. Don't let other people determine your self-worth. Best to learn that now instead of later.
Please follow me ?:))
Wassup cuzzn how you been...Aint seen you n a while...
Go follow my twitter buddy !!!! :DD
Sweats today ?..yep
Going to see Jane's Addiction & The Duke Spirit tonight at Bass Concert Hall. It should be a fun show that won't make me feel old, right?
Welcome! Followed you over from Twitter. We LOVE beardies! :)
Thanks Tommaso! I hope you are well and we can catch up soon.
What makes celebs think of their music videos? They're always so rare.... High?
Much less dramatic, "The Brazilian Lieutenant's Woman."
Where are you guys? Your website is being taken over by the spammers. Come back to us!
Sorry if you got spammed by Facebook about our page yesterday. We tried a new feature of FB and it may have sent multiple emails.
don't hate the Heights ... we got it all!
can't believe i'm going to visit colleges next weekend. i still feel like a little kid lol
i already know yall do nasty stuff in public! Bt yeah get a room, and remeber to hide the condoms... Ha
Im having a good week but could u make it the best week EVER and reply?I <3 you so much!ur such a inspiration!
Just signed up for . Should be fun time in sunny St. Pete, FL. Will be my 4th conference this year!
your so pretty <3
Gettin it in @ 24 hour fitness. I am really not feeling this...BUT I gotta do it..
Happy birthday(: can't wait till next weekend;) #partytime<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Absolutely but not the way it feels divided. Politicians run on a platform of fighting the opposing party. What good is that?
Off soon to Facets Multimedia for free screening of imprisoned Iranian director Jafar Pahani's film The Circle.
Wow, that is quick! Did you stick to the 550 calorie diet as well?
but Harry needs to come back to new york so I can see him again..
What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy.
Just waking up n da mornin gotta thank GOD...
you should follow
love the avatar haha
she is just tired..she's fine
i actually love this ... i watched it again .. you have me hooked on this guy .
“: - we are filming a music video for here on sunday May 20 - would you like to be in it?”
Late Night Snack Aunt Jemima Pancakes & Sausage, Made In Nature Dried Pineapple, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy
Breakfast w/ mom, second breakfast w/ and , pie by Sarah w/ , and snuggles w/ Eddie
i make the most of it
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
So, do the Knicks bounce back and win tonight? Or get drilled again by the Heat?
miss you guys! I'm at 55th and madison now! Come to midtown and save me from mediocrity!
Damn, I don't remember Battleship ever being that cool.
one time I showed her a picture of my nephew, and she said she wanted to punt him across the football field...
I hope you find someone else that treats you nice, opens doors and pays the check :)
Hopefully we'll get to see you next Tuesday, if not before then!
Monks make common cause with Shaker Village - Concord Monitor
We have the "my Big Fat Greek Zombie " burger !
Do we have any fans who live/or would come to a show in PA, MD, DE, CT, VT or NH?! Let us know!
where are you from, girl? I'm following you, follow back? :)
I just love seeing them live and so will u now that u got the ETF bug.next show tweet me and we will meet up and
Any gigantic headbands Blair Waldorf style. Ugh I hate them.
Once there was a focus on pure motivation -- the rah, rah! you can do it! -- which is rather old school right now
o my gosh. You should have just seen how terrible it really was. Ruined the entire grammys
Thx for including me in your daily :)
it's kind of supposed to be awkward...it's also often the only time in a service that the (cont)
forgive, but never forget
Get a job. Go to school..Smh RT “: Lots of kids out here who should be in school. Lots of adults, too,hanging out. #ROC”
“: I hate when pencils have the erasers that just smear the writing. What's the point? (pun intended, I guess.)” Punny.
Yes! And out in the open too. RT : people still use Blackberry?
Phil Knight just read your Tweet and said no need to show up Monday. RT : Man I can't stand Duck fans.
Lil B really said the booty tasted so Nutrious. And that it was TASTY!! YUMMY!! SCRUMPTIOUS!!
For sure. This one is sponsored already so if they are cool with providing the space, we can update location.
"Success is dependent on effort." ~Sophocles
"All you need in the world is love and laughter. That's all anybody needs." August Wilson, born on this day in 1945
At school ready to get home so I can send dis girl dis beat to sing on :P
Just had a GREAT conversation with from Thank YOU so much for sponsoring our amazing #twSEA event!
Thanks Doug.
They're inside man! They're inside man. ...MAN.
Spending time with my princess >
Sadly, I'll have to leave for work soon.
Back home... waiting for bags at SFO.
GET.IT.DONE.SON!
Just can't stop bringing reality into the overly giddy discussion can you?
I wanna have a good chat with somebody! Blah! I'm too overworked. No time for socializing.
On way home now uh cause we have three year old :)
Awesome! “: Join Dollar Per Month with me. Make a small contribution each month and help change the world.
Love that my daughter refers to her V-Tech learner as her iPad.
she replied back!!! I'm fucking dying xD
lol im down... we can tailgate and pregame potluck... start a new tradition
“ “ Why does Gucci Mane's bottom lip look like a sidewalk?””
Lol but I dont understand the doubt! Yeah, Im about that life!
The ladies higher than the Sears Tower!!..lol. Well they celebrated well..lol
yeah for my bday, you should come through, i know you can use a break from tucson, haha
Feeling tired and Unmotivated today!
Thanks for sharing! Have U entered yet? :) RT: Sunbelt Snacks Giveaway: Enter to Win a FREE Granola Cereal Prize Pack (50 Winners)
I read them
I learned that a "drop" is 1/20th of of a cc. It turns out that US units it's 1/60 of a dram, and in UK 1/20 of a scruple.
anna wintour is my queen!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
Hell yeah F Man U
My trust takes a while to gain, and is nearly impossible to REgain.
's piece for soprano (also playing piano) was exquisite. you would have loved it!
Doesn't matter the time of day the staff is always friendly! RT “: What is your favorite time of day to shop at Sprouts…and why?”
Pics or BS on that one. :)
I mean, in particular, alone in this world
This dog is going to make me scream
someone who likes 2 skateboard and im just following people
Breakfast tacos are the way to go
Went out to the beach for a drink and some live music. Ended up in a millionaire's boathouse playing music. Is this real life?
At church with Kristal Nyguen and the family :D get at me lol
Crow should be a starter based on what? they tried that, he had a 6 ERA, in AA.
made my Pinterest post go viral! Thank you for your help!
Replace Karl w/ Simon Pegg and #idiotabroad could be a movie.
Lol dont see anything boo ;) jkRT : lol you know how boxers have a front hole O.o ......... *takes DP down right away*
ah!!! He's a dance dad at heart! He will need to get in line behind the minis for a photo! Ha!
just catching up -- glad the conference went well! Congrats on the positive feedback!
i agree. I love Jimmy Page, along with Ted nugent and others.
#BoyzAreBack OMG THEIR BACK AH I THINK I' GONNA DIE!
Happy Easter everyone :)
People ask me what I'd most appreciate getting for my eighty-seventh birthday. I tell them, a paternity suit.
What have you been up to girly?
Dawg U need to come to the back of the bus tomorrow morning we need to show out again
tech attorney says a typical line to her cool-new-idea clients is: "You say data, I say breach."
Do you think Above The Peak should scrap wordpress and get onto tumblr?
RT : I didnt realize how white trash kokomo is.
I bowled a 156! But, really, who's keeping score.
Omg most hilarious SNL I've seen a while, every skit is on tonight. Lol
oh yeah! I forgot!! Have fun(: and we can do it whenever you have time! Just let me know!
oops. That was supposed to be tornado. :)
what happen???
I like your middle name
if you could only answer my Dms that would make my nifht better!!!
We are losing our top chef Christine Gallagher today. will miss you Christine. You're the best! Good luck.
Connection between business development & people finding jobs-who knew? But some still don't get it-any good stories out there?
Confess now, and here, if you have ever purchased something from J.Peterman. Owners of Mongolian horse-hair vests want to know.
ooh just look up where the county is and then see if it shows a map and we'll put the battle somewhere in the county
we're all anti-theory, u know?
Happy Easter and Passover Green Room! Is anyone celebrating this weekend? What will you be up to?
What kind of salad?
Let the April fools pranks begin!!
hey are you free this Sat?
I'm awake. That's a start.
Really love the new Lisa Marie Presley songs.And just read that she worked with Richard Hawley who i luv, on some of them.
-.- being pinned on the bed. And, he still doesnt like you?
on average, how much does a booking cost?
Filming a video with right now. Super excited for this shot!
We are looking for a donation of a gas stove for our Middle School program. Please contact us at (561) 533-9917 if you can help
you better make sure that you can pick up 02 2mar enjoy yourself
come on defense. get that ball out of there.
Working all day...true money gettaz over here!!!
AHAHAHAHAHA! You don't even know how hard this made me laugh! Are you surprised???
lolz when i had heard #wizkhalifa and #mindlessbehavior om #BE Tawards11 i fell hard on the floor
Credit score is perhaps the most important component in determining one’s mortgage eligibility.
lalalalaaaa AVENGERS TONIGHT. finally getting in the loop
Pilsen Community Market with
and I thought you gals were friends
“Content is King!” - Bill Gates
I only get excited about the Superbowl when years the Niners DIDN'T get to the playoffs. I still feel the Sting...
Great game ADS!!! Bring on the Heat!!
I am His! He is mine!
Thank you for talking some sense into me 4th period I LOVE YOU.
#WHITNEY HOUSTON WAS THE GREATEST..... YOU WILL BE MISSED!
its beautiful!
What's your favorite spot on campus?
Good luck
I LIKE CATS! They taste like chicken
because I know I don't have a cold, only a sore throat & I had a fever earlier :( whats the cure?!
Brie Loskota says "I was actually 12 (in '92) and I am 32 now." Just like Manuel Pastor!
Likewise! I love your message - very important! Have a wonderful weekend!
Tomorrow night's showcase at Gypsy Cafe closes out a month of 10 events for Songwriters in Seattle! More fun to come in October...
some models are ugly and always remember "fuck the naysayers cause they don't mean a thing" 311 brings good vibes
so fake big Sean
sweet dreams.
Back in lex and waiting for my date to come pick me up :)
We've extended the deadline for poetry submissions to midnight! Send 'em in. <100 words, <2 submissions/person. Topic:"the first."
Very important, ninja skills have surpassed bow hunting skills as of late. I would like social goodness! Womp!
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks!:)
check out & 's remiz of #BothOfUs its brilliant (:
Really could go on a tweet rage right now, but I'm just not feeling it.
If someday an out-of-his mind guy decides to propose to me....the proposal has to be over the top, fa'sho
EW. I HATE SCHOOL. #summer #summer #summer!!!
huts and people with spears and they have witchdoctors instead of hospitals. They also think that we're better off because
I just started reading Hair Story: Untangling The Roots of Black Hair in America. I hope it is good.
“: <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> rock is in the <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0> 2<U+20E3><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>, everybody just have a <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0091>. #LMFAO” Spots Dance 2012 haha
i honestly dont like the timeline on facebook
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
Work is for sukkas!
Mafalda? R u there?
GOOD MORNING BABY
Im like an onion, I make you cry.
What are you most excited about at this year's Kihncert??
But first, walk around to all of the rummage owners and collect some coin since people will be buying more thanks to you!
Thanks for the clarification! Hope you're enjoying #ideadetroit!
I already answered before as Swe/Ger hybrid for "breadbasket" as far as I can tell.
"Don't settle for Christian. Be salt. Be light." Thanks to Andy Stanley for this message. Happy Sunday everyone.
LOVE that song!!
Grading Arthurian-lit test. Standard "gotcha" question: who steals Guinevere away in Layamon? (It's only Lancelot in later works.)
SURF REPORT: 04/06/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft thigh to waist high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 59-61°F
I wish I was good enough. :'(
was it mario?
Ann Arbor is beautiful in the spring.
Hour nap. Then job interview.
Taking applications for a volunteer leadership position to organize tutoring for foster kids in OKC metro area.
You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can. -Jimmy Carter
Talk sh** get hit
“: hello my Frenchy missing you :-)))) big kisses”missing you too my beautiful friend.
Nah, it's over anyway. ;) Ha.
is it safe to say that he won't be living in 10 years let alone 50? something just screams
Last night I made a Google+, & a myYearbook.
Getting really jelly that my favorite people and are out with out me
Leaving for the #brewer game - if ur going, maybe see u there!
I love the blind side. Probs a new fav...
!!! “: I am ready to get this day over with”
hope you had a wonderful day! <3
i'll admit it, i'm an asshole, not an antagonist.
Common mistakes of amateur writing at the craft level? What a short story (vs a novel) should accomplish?
Neva had a headache like how I have right now...........
Why do I always mess shit up ..
Sure. That and a tube of Super Glue would do it. Great Luck on the final, then we do the SwanBoat!
Arizona abstract artist, Tim Hovde, is always looking for exposure through galleries & museums, please contact me - www.timhovde.com
it happens!
#SPED grad work should include a course on data collection. How to do it and why it's important. Many teachers lack training in this area.
you never fail to make me laugh
i keep telin that he not makin it to 2018
holy drunk ex boyfriend text that was a fucking mistake
You are welcome ! I'm a girl ma
where you been bro
turn on the AC cheapskate.
Ebooks aren't print books...but we sure treat them that way. Especially when looking to revise US #Copyright mandatory deposit law.
Okay Lamborghini mercy, your chick, she so thirsty
Happy Mother's Day! Treat your Mom to some Do Hwa :)
Great to wake up & see your face this A.M. You have a nice voice, too. Take care of yourself.
Im wishing you an AWESOME race and weekend J!!! I know your ready!!
I stand for what I believe in and do not censor myself, I don't give a fuck how other people take it.
good tape. cant wait for the next one
Our webcam lessons allow even private guitar students at our LA studios keep up with their lessons, even while on vacation!
He's great. What a fun night. Felix CG to top it off maybe? Hope so.
Wouldn't miss it! See everyone next month.
BOS G Ray Allen (ankle) is listed as doubtful for Tuesday's Game 2 against the Hawks.
meatballs prepared with love.
Have we seen the last of Stan Van Gundy?
- you get em?
START NEW YEAR W/ $$$ STOP BY GET FREE LOTTO TICKET! ENTER VALENTIMES DAY DRAWING ! FREE ! WIN MK WATCH,MASSAGE SESSION, WIN CATIER LOOK !
just found out he has two hours of standup on Netflix
Mom I want to be just like you one day. You know make a good breakfast! My 7 year old son.
go hang out at slick rock at the end of the day.
very true good point. As a coach which 1 of the 3 do you have him defend to keep him out of foul trouble and fatigue
Nice way to start the weekend. Ten mile run followed by a dip in the pool. Funny how your thoughts can go on those long runs. Productive.
What the fuck is going on in #silverlake ? There are snipers on the buildings and no one can get in or out of certain neighborhoods...
Very neat Chanele. Simple and pretty.
Never reject anybody in ur life because good people give us happiness & bad people give us experience !
Going out for a change.
' #OccupyUSA Not in my name! #TroyDavisLives!!!
I got you
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful women in my life! May today bring great joy to each of you!
thanks for your support. Look out for our second issue coming out soon!
Last day of summer vacation. :'( I'm am very SAD
I can't feel my nipples!!!
Feel free to bring it and ....
Love the new single!! Your voice is incredible ;-)
My foot is asleep.
Small line putsode Verizon store for Thunderbolt.
thanks for the invite
For all my friends that can no longer find their pop-up Haggadah in time for Passover (or is that just us?), the has arrived!
So happy about/can't wait to meet baby Lewis!!!! , we're aunts and uncles!
no problem! imo the dvds with hebrew subtitles r good bc u can pause / look up words. helped me maintain comprehension
Yo u gotta a baby on da way? How u gonna tell yo momma or did u already?
I just discovered the wonders of kale! It's awesome!
Great! I will have to brush up on my British pop culture to score any higher. Or I should move there....I like that option best.
Thunder outside, hurricane inside.
tweeting from the car while on the ride to church
Umm.. I guess that would depend on your definition, she was not young when she had me. over 30.
Great and yourself?
I need to go on an adventure ... I need to shut off my phone and get away from everything!! Who's with me??
Reading "It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be" by Paul Arden. Amazing book full of inspiration and thought provocation.
i love you so much! and yes, you'd be a very sexy chellupa! ;)
No, its not understood by ESPN//RT : Understood..RT : but it was a loss after a tradegy Erin...
had a great time hanging out with Mrs. Alan Lee this afternoon at MGM Grand.
nice sun chips loser
I will once I get one.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Just felt a TEMBLOR. Now to launch the USC DISASTER APP designed by the folks at CST!
Woodson out. Collarbone injury
some days pass too fast!
Always remember the three magic words: You're right dear.
I want something/someone to entertain me :)
Yea, it was definitely a helpful article and by the way thanks for the retweet!
Robbie and I are eating "Cuties".... yummy
Uh oh... Claire found "Angry & Unlikable..." by the local paper....
how many canoes does your father own? I'm tryna sell my van for two on craig's list....
First to worst 2012 brewers
Thnx! We have been getting great reviews! We have lowered the digital downloads to $6.99, if you're interested! Have a Good Day!
can't wait to see you girl (;
Drake week<3 so excited!(:
Indeed Principal Haygood is a YAH send! Shout out to all the great teachers at BRICK AVON Academy.
#BELIEBERS we are the craziest fans someone has ever had hahaha #itsBelieberthing <3
Almost bedtime! Heading up to the shop first thing in the morning. Good night!
So thunder is coming up.......
alright dude, good :) ha
How in the name of ____ did Team France qualify for the World's? They don't even have a shot against Borat & team Kazakhstan.
Let's go somewhere. See where it takes us.
GOD MORNING PEOPLE! !!
The huz made me breakfast in bed... beotches. So ha!
Do girls really like guys with Kalon? Really? Please say no.
what genius made this call? RT : Former Western Michigan University & current Packers star Greg Jennings throws the first pitch
Wishing all of you a great weekend. www.globalpointpr.com
Follow and much love
: arriving at JFK after weeks away to gorgeous weather and my first listen of the new Battles album makes me miss Brooklyn. Like a lot.
what a beautiful night =)
Thanks for the follow ;)
When life gives you lemons, tell your friend to eat them just to see their face.
Then call me when you're in the area, you harlot.
haha(: I wish I was going to see Austin in June)':
yup....they did what they had to
cool concept.
I don't get why it's not playing everywhere, that's stupid.
Wrapping a baby up in a blanket to where the baby looks wrapped in a cocoon shape!
same payouts - ive witnessed someone win $5000 AFTER i played. talk about a kick in the gut
Omg I have a smile from cheek to cheek. #cantstopsmiling #thankyou #youmakemesmile!!!!!! Ah!!
Tx for the input.
u should post a pic of your car!!! i wanna see(:
I'm not used to caring this much about basketball. This is killing me.
we had really good guard play from our freshmen, they're the base and the new guys will mesh well, focused on bigs in 2013
Well Dam... No Please?
Attendance in Cleveland 8135 ... and that's WITH the busloads of Power fans.
I'm so fucking dead right now my little brother asked my dad what a song was my dad said "Seduce My Twinkie" dead
follow back
Haha #veryinteresting ": “: Courtney is so fake.” haha apparently this is said a lot... #interesting”
I WILL KILL THEM, CHUCK!!! I WILL! RT : Bill and I just got hit by a flying cup Of beer
Hurt me with the truth, but don't comfort me with a lie .
"I'm just dumb, not malicious."
was it a post about yr kid again? If so, man! We would have had hits for days!
Angel was one of the most Amazing doggies ever!! Angel will be missed. I love you Angel.<3
must b nice lol
thank you!!!
Avengers is the best action movie I've ever seen!! It's a got to see movie! (:
My birthday is in a few weeks and if you would follow me,that would be the best birthday present!
He loves to show off that scar
In 1899 & 1900, electric cars outsold all other cars & the most popular was the Columbia built by the owner of American Bicycle Company.
Planning my "Carol Ann McCracken's McTupperwareness Party!" outline now. I'd be delighted to enter your home and "Seal in Sarcasm."
Uhm, what bitches?
Let's
come see The Bellmen
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The #monsterenergydrank machine is down! :(
RT : I am so happy the press conference and launch event for the "Status is Everything" campaign was fab!!!! YAYYYYY
what timing
I got 3 pillows on my bed but I need to buy some more. I love alotta pillows. Cuz I sleep alone :/ #MyLonelyAss lbvs
it's freaky!!! Your 9 year old sister??!??!she watches a lot of like... Bad... Shows
I had a blast today at Hunter Hayes Concert at 12th&Porter!! He is soo sweet and soo talented:))
FYI: & I ran the 6k this morning and had a super speedy, super fun run. Thanks for the encouragement!
I wanna play miss Mary mack Mack Mack all dressed in black black black
Beautiful & amazing tribute to Whitney by Jennifer Hudson.
Its not up to me anymore. If you want me in your life, you'll find a way to put me there
Gas prices are higher than my GPA..
So many siblings, so many chores
Hope you're having fun today!!
Outside Winter Park, CO.
Yes, I was puzzled by the admonishment of people not wanting to move to Nebraska or SD. DUH. But, many of my students are….
Holy shit. That is awesome!
& haha its not even my birthday lmao... alex i dont mind!! lmao
RT : Etsy was a genius idea.
next Wednesday is stupid, we get out early. TOMORRROOOOOWWWW
Unvarnished Company Voices provide reality to emp brands and impact their products and services...
Should an All-Female MMA Fight Card Have &quot;Ring Card Boys&quot; Instead of Girls? Fan&#39;s View
RT Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others – this is the real practice of religion.
No, balls are almost always round.
the episode should be called "delena" LOVE RT <3
#BecauseOfObama I realized the #democrats & #republicans work for #banksters and lobbyists and not the people.
do they need anymore people?
We cannot escape fear. We can only transform it into a companion that accompanies us on our exciting adventures. -Susan Jeffers
#henryville science teachers get to hand-pick lab supplies, materials to replace what was lost in tornado. See what they got on #fox59 at 4!
3 words, 8 letters, 3syllables, 5 vowels, 3 consonants, 2 nouns, one emotion,many meanings, a big lie, a rare truth: I LOVE YOU!
Kiperized for one more night
I do have to say,, Jeepers Creepers is a choice pick for a movie to be on right now. Thank you.
When did it get so cold again? NOT COOL mother nature
awww Happy Halloween
I almost slammed into the ground trying to do a tail whip on a 30 foot ramp gotta slow down lol
that's right. 1 day.
Good to have you back
every meal is always awesome with you! Was craving the chopped salad, can't get enough of that.
looking forward to meeting you tomorrow night, Sherri!
Done at the polls going door to door!
Traffic is cool when your car turns heads.
that Foster dude must love you.
I jus wana meet a girl wit no Xman issues..!
You create it all! RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself.
if i made a cover of me singing a song would yoou watch it?;<U+2665>((:
just think if you and brandon come back with all the recruits we will hang that banner next year man
#20ThingsAboutMe; 7. I usually don't finish things I start.
Get in here for the game!!!
.She would shake off the reference, but I think we can begin pointing early to and her contributions already.
logie is in the shower, jamie is locking up the boat, i got blake tho cuz i was stuck changing him...he had fun tho
Congrats to the John Jay Award Honorees! They will be honored tonight at the John Jay Award Dinner for exceptional work in their careers
If Austin doesn't clip me soon, I think I will find a way to leave him!
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. -Muhammad Ali
Wow, we're so impressed by the check-ins at Polling places! #Ivoted!!
imma be in Madison that day for a walk. what time is the game?
Shoes weren't made for walking.
and we are looking forward to seeing you too! tell yer friends!
except for the gout, you mean.
Colleague: "Why aren't you going to #cwcon?" Me: "It's a long story and the word 'jerks' appears several times."
A1 I don't have a huge sweet tooth, so I assume all of my friends beat me on this one!
Visited Star Spangled Banner today at Smithsonian and I was moved by small group of children singing National Anthem spontaneously.
Ive decided to turn teh gey. It's a choice, right?
yeah but I look up and have no idea. My short term memory remember. Why do u imagine me in bed? I'm on a sofa :) eh? Eh? lol x
Thank you so much & !
Got back to some of the fans, awesome feeling. Tweet me and ill RT you!
So proud of BU/COM's performance in the 's #IveGotGame contest. Two teams of finalists, including the 1st place finishers!
Love Trader Joes
I better be seeing you at the party on Saturday ;-)
Been done tripping cause I already fell. #StartOver naw ill just pick up where I left off
I don't know if A-rod knows this but there is no such thing as a 5 run HR!!!! Just get a base hit you fuck we needed runners
Dine and dash with and This will be interesting...
cant wait for fair food.... hm
#Oscars #wine pairing: marinated pork roast with Traminette, gold medal winner at 2011 Tasters Guild Intl. Get red carpet ready.
Time to get our fat asses in shape Nightly walks are great<3
Eesh, I did miss it, unfortunately, but I'm going to read the book soon.
Writer's Block(-_-)
Walked again through Dupont Circle at 9PM,not snowing but real nice.
Tee! Good morning, lovely! Whatcha up to today?
And really cute!! :)
Spending time with my father in Mexico. He is certainly younger in spirit than I am.
I'm never talking with my retainer in.. Ever!! I have the worst lisp ever
I did. helped me out! Thanks!
Seeing the matinee showing for the avengers #cheapsuperfan ;)
Friends and family, DO NOT WORRY, there is a designated room in WPH for the administration to wait out the storm
Just heard a girl order a shot of frangelico and a Malibu with soda an orange juice.
At least I can say I stand for something
Well good day I'm outtie lmao
i havent seen u in a long time
Thank the sweet lord above it's a beautiful warm day on the Avenue, come to the B and enjoy a burger and a shake on our porch!
yeah, they are the bomb.
shut up Na
Haha that's great! :D i love twitter
Such a god weekend! Found the inspiration i needed
I haven't been DM'd a picture of a penis in almost 24 hours. WTF. /via
Can anyone explain the appeal of Taylor Swift? It boggles the mind...
yeah dude, you sand every single song that came on hahaha
Thanks for mentioning us among so many other great organizations in your #FF tweet.
Thanks! *high five* back at you! RT : *high five*
#kingofkings .... Take game one and don't look back.
k definately next game
its alright, defimitely different than anything else ive taken
So maybe I just fell asleep in the hammock for an hour. That's what they're for, right?
Grinding! You still down for this project?
Use new media tools wisely, urges Kibaki - Daily Nation
Gov Dayton has just vetoed a bill to allow people to buy more powerful fireworks...Dayton says he was swayed by opposition from fire chiefs.
In 10 min, it will officially be my Birthday. So as a present to me, I would LOVE for all of you to spread the word about !!
Move something!
Take us to school.
Two major steps in letting go 1. Change your thinking 2. Challenge your beliefs...the rest will follow.
Oh what a night!
just cuz we left doesn't mean ur better than us
yo mel-i think we need d.howard now 4REAL! wut u think-could it help?
Free Kiva account and free money to loan to give people their first Kiva microlending experience: goo.gl/qsRRu
is not a big proponent of leftovers.
for clarification: the press conference tomorrow IS NOT open to the public, please do not show up to the press conference
This weekend is gonna be wild.. I can't wait to see what all goes down :)
John Penniman designed the seal for beantown. bonus -latin motto translated: "God be with us as he was with our fathers"
When people start having conversations on your status.
Newt keeps calling the president a left wing radical and that he has been the most effective foodstamp president.
Leaves falling through light, Each agrees when to let go -- Blissful surrender
Satan is especially adept in taking out Christian leaders. - Michael Hyatt
Need to get the basics of using a computer? Try Gibson Lib's Beginning Computer Class tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.!
Registration isn't open yet, will be this week. Separate course
Apple takes over the space once belonging to Kodak. The difference is Apple retails while Kodak displayed plumage.
They tell me I have a 176 million-to-one chance in the #MegaMillions tonight. So they're saying I have a chance.
Sang Frosty the Snowman & Rudolph in the car with Myla this morning. Cause nothing says summer like Christmas carols in June.
There's always duct tape..
Good Morning BF's
bring on the oats!
it's ok Stop apologizing
I'm doing that tomorrow. Gotta pace myself.
well done!
He must drive a BMW made in SC! RT : SEND ARLEN SPECTER TO THE BORDER WITH SOME BIRTH CONTROL PILLS
If he makes Milton guest speaker, he can at least get a tongue in somewhere.
I just got 2 people off unemployment and food stamps this week!! How? Vacant homes, 1000's of them across America equal jobs America!!!
I make u call me daddy, even tho u ent my daughter <U+263A> ". #DaisyLove <U+2606>
Good morning my fellow country music fans!!!
pumped for learning how to accomplish world domination at this conference
Do I work at the library? Yes, but not if you catch me doing something bad.
Glad im off tonight kuz I ain't been to sleep yet
When I lay with you, I could stay there close my eyes...feel you here forever..you and me together nothing gets better <3
well I am good finder
Haha my bf has one...buy just for internet, he never uses it.
who is tricky T
Still can't believe Adam Yauch is gone. Beasties are legends. Huge part of my life growing up.
Game Day Notebook: Pacers put whistles out of their minds
There are blessings happening in your life that you don't even know about yet!
we don't have a specified date yet... When we do we will let you know
I'd rather things be complicated than boring.
Why must people who work at spas have the precision of piano virtuosos and the rage of Mexican cage fighters?
My fingers they inching they itching form that paper
thank you so MUCH. I wanna share the link off BHXSHOPS!
Damn when the sixers play again
watched the new GI Joe movie - the best part was my when wife sees "Storm Shadow" and calls him "White Snake"
Hey, remember that time the #Royals outscored them 10-5 over two games in Texas? Ah, recent memories.
Everyday, my heart breaks more and more.
Jesus rose from the dead and the Rangers are gonna win tonight!
Always just a tad disappointed when I fly thru DTW and don't get to go thru that psychedelic tunnel thing
interesting final four picks. Who do you have winning the big kahunas?
Ham Saturday!!! On it.
dude. I was quoting Titanic.
hahah who broke whose heart?! Did we say that?!
Chilling, grilling panini. Time for 6ft under...
Hiding from fests of all sorts art film etc in the garden however
Left is Right | The academic left’s intolerance - The Boston Globe
Do you have an Android device now, or will you be getting one this year? What influences your decision? What is the future of the platform?
#MoveOn does not speak for #OB is just a safe space for Direct Democracy. Thanks for keeping us honest.
RT : #FF some of our favorite smart marketers!
the NFL draft is not about selecting the best players. it's about making a splash.
fuckkk I know. -.-
makin that cheese, and smokin dat weed
I am on board, but if we start another receiver movement and we sign a special teams ace I might go crazy!
I'm being blessed with the opportunity to do what I love everyday. Dad was right, I have payed the piper his peck and now I get the picks!
THAT MUST BE AWESOME!
2/27/1776->MG Ward:Should the Enemy get those Hills would render it difficult to dispossess them—better it is to prevent than remedy an evil
ohh sidewalk and iPhone, the original Romeo and Juliette.... I assume the masons will be out to repair the sidewalk soon?
Yes it was! Love u 2! RT “: My presentation was wonderful....thanks to for coming support me.....love u”
are you a friend of his love? :)
Ohh Dear, I've got my eyes set on you too.
I think ima do major shoutout for al the people i love on twitter<U+2665>
The new Three Stooges movie isn't in 3D? Might result in a lot of poked eyes, I guess.
Huge fan here! I admire your gift and how much you help others! What an incredible job ;)
In NYC, that would be weird!
the book is about a mindset & even the movie was episodic. I've got Sorkin on the brain, but even still it makes sense.
Had an amazing birthday and I can't wait to see what this year has in store for me! Blessings to everyone :-)
Margaritas or Mint julips??
Gorgeous day out!!!
Club Curve downtown Houston every FRIDAY night 21 and up . Sexy ladies & great drinks! 410 Main!! Check it out on
Hm go to ur twitter sittings um RT : Itd want connect,!
Looks like #Santorum didn't want to be embarrassed losing in his home state. Good riddance. We don't need a president from the 17th century.
Cuttin Edge barber shop open all day tomorrow kids cuts 7$ adults 10$ all even. 2100 seymour ave. Best barbers in the Nati.
All that glitters is not gold. - Shakespeare
sadly, spending this beautiful weekend morning in the office writing lecture on the Plague. Ugh.
Sounds like a plan and would love to connect with you.
sick.tired.upset :( im gonna watch a movie and hopefully fall back asleep, fuck today!!l ->KimBeezy<-
Teacher/Bully: How My Son Was Humiliated and Tormented by his Teacher an...: via
Rob Wilson: the next Jeremy #Lin?
omg lucky!! i'd love to go on #Legna EU Tour
My son just asked if I'd rather be rich and depressed, or poor and happy. What would you rather be?
Dreams Awake won Best Feature Film at the Awareness Film Festival in LA this weekend.
ok Pittsburgh. Ok <3
The only time we don't speak is during sex and the city
thank you kindly. We have great photogs & I'm really happy if we can make their work shine more
Christmas ate 's phone :(
At the M Resort Pool! So beautiful! Waiting for Chris Issak....
since the contraceptive debate began, the leading voices have been men. Even Republican women aren't speaking out in support of this madness
Bruins PowerPlay struggles...Who's gotta go? Is the blame on coaching or personal? Call in 888-205-2263 to get involved!!
Successful trips too the mall>>>>>
How many bitchz have came at Kim 16yrs. later she's still making music&touring! U need 2 back off before u get stung by da bee
Gonna have to drink more #Starbucks for their awesome support in the right for equality in marriage for all!
HOT!! Awesome jewels <3
Never mistake my silence for weakness. No one smart tells their plans out loud.
Happy 2012! A new year with new possibilities!
Love the network-good luck tonight
it is so tempting! ;) Tweet ya laters girlie!
Thanks #NP The Carter IV since Ur tweets had it playing in My head
up to 65% off !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Develop a passion for #learning. If you do, you'll never cease to grow.
aye' my nigga . Let's go jump trailer trash while we at it ( ;
This. Fucking. Weekend.
Who ever thought that Bob Dylan could sing?
That awkward moment when you see your mom after you get in a fight with her..
Truly nothing more inspiring than people saying "No, I think I CAN do that!"
definitely worth the matinee :) sorry i won't be at #cwcon, but between G12 and #rsa12, i'm at my personal limit for travel
Just saw old accord with back seat cut out like el camino!
. what a play! This kid is crazy good. Thanks for sending this back to Boston!
My belief is stronger than your doubt
why is this a discussion?! One could say why aren't there any Hispanic, Asian or any other nationality as a head coach
Loving this men's semi final match between Djokovic and Federer. Great tennis. :)
Back to back
Missing someone hurts, but knowing that they don't miss you hurts even more. RT
you must of taken that new youth pill.. lol ..kinda like the new bay its called the "new youth" alot of older rappers r using it
thanks for coming!
“: had a great time tonite as usual!!! #Cheers where everybody knows your name” appreciate you.
That sounds intentional -_- RT : Fresh can respond to everybody else tweet but mine smh
That was a VERY stupid thing that Mike Smith just did. Very dangerous slash on Brown
good thursday morning gmg1961, have a great day
you guys know if will be showing the derby Real Madrid-Barcelona on Saturday?
Just got back from a great workout! Feeling great for a good start for a Saturday!
#TripleDouble for great game fam!!! Go
On to start another fun-tastic work week.
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Oh my god he didn't.....l
great information at #utdgsa meeting -- and always excited to talk about upcoming
Happy Passover :) I'm going to try to be good this year!
American Haunting is such an awsome show.
Too many nicely designed furniture store sites to go with an ugly one or trust it is real.
We certainly do ;)
omg awesome!!! So happy for you!!
yes & when u do it's gon be the best feelin ever... I have my Trey moments just no 1on1 pic yet
Congrats #SFGiants on the sweep of the Pirates! Great game!
#KeithDuffy just walked into a door , granted it was in Harley st but that's all i know.
Seriously can't stop thinking about moving into a bigger rehearsal studio. Let's hope it happens tonight!
#OOMF always on some bullshxt....ANYWAYS!!! *rolling my eyes*
I want to finally watch all the Harry potter movies. :c
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals If you call referees "zebras" around an actual zebra, it'll bite you to punish you for the insult.
Thought of the Day 2: Heart monitoring tests should be provided to collegiate and professional athletes for free promoting safe preventions.
It's "LSU day" @ the schools- meaning you wear LSU colors. So why did Chase try to leave house in an OSU shirt? #truefan #can'tblamehim
Day 24: UWM's campus. In all its compact, urban, brutalist splendor, it is one of my favorite college campuses.
so glad it's the weekend. i had one student in my second class tonight. ONE. only a little awk.
No matter what I do, I'll always love you.
i Love Islam
...dont ya know son when it pours it rains, Hard Times. - Ryan Bingham
lol very true just dont tweet them. anything but that
If you have a need, work hard for it. Don't let others do it for you. Never fool a loving heart and use them to fill your needs.
just read that Justin Timberlake is a Packers fan....he is welcome here ANYTIME :)
yup. I'll be there by noon.
Well, that's one way to make "World Peace" a trending topic aorund the world. Haven't seen the play yet, but it sounds nasty.
While I was away, it seems that Roomie readers have nominated that Roomie-hater "Death" as the website's pet troll. I love my readers.
I think it looks fine! Are you doing a tall one? For a side bar?
Definitely a tailgate if I heard one! RT : Drinking a Boon Geuze in my kitchen. Tailgate?
Awed at the ignorance of ur callers. $16trillion in taxes?? REALLY? Sometimes cspan ought to ask callers to pass a competency test
Got my phone service back today, smh, these monthly payments
How about this? A student wants to withdraw from a class that's been over since January-rather than keep the F on their record
and joe_lacava Thanks much.
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
We should! you me cat and tabbz?
on tumblr yea
Movies start today-- the Grinch & other animations at 3, It's a Wonderful Life at 730. All tickets $5. Thx to One Source FCU!!
I tried those beef olive things. What have I been missing?!
Going to be featured on the artist spotlight on Jelli Radio! :D
Affeldt's up.
ah makes sense
no thank you. Don't like em
re: women workers. when i am in those spaces i sometimes ask to speak with a woman. just to see what happens. :D
That last pitch is when u know Tex is just Off. 89 RIGHT down the middle, and he fouls it off the Other way... Sad..
Jerzday in effect
&this is why i spend everyday with my dance girls
“We couldn’t be more proud of you today.” –SPH Dean John Finnegan
Can I be your 11:11 wish? ;D
ProTools test in the morning....GN folks
Check-In today using your Yelp or FourSquare App and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!
Or rather, break down?
Thanks and I hope they do!
just get a blanket
How I sneeze: "HSUIDFHWE" *leg in the air*
The "With Friends" app developers need to buy "Dice" and make it better.
True unfortunately (Nuggets fan here) the Spurs are so far ahead of any team in the west,it's sad
#Twi2012 Emerging markets are more resilient to global crises than ever before notes Eswar Prasad.
Working on vox for for the rest of the night. Follow us like us wtv you wanna do.
This is a horrible story Mr. Schue. Unless your dad was abusive.
If you had talent, you wouldn't need luck.
If I don't reply, It's because I don't want to talk to you. There really is no need to continuously text me.
Confederacy had belligerent rights.
Death Eaters from #HarryPotter invade
Now she's about to graduate and I couldn't be more proud. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Got some really fun revision stuff done today, I think. is pretty much a genius as a crit partner.
Yeah, but if you play multiple games with multiple people, then what would you call it?
That is only because it makes no sense to me one to try and upset anyone is lame expescialy if it's such a lil thing :p hmn
"I'm waiting around while you're working it out. So you won't be able to be sad." ::break and repair method::
Find myself Biting my Lip every time he Passes :)
Damn you T.H.Houghton!
album says "Recorded in a bathroom and hot, sweaty room, Philadelphia. Overdubbed in bedrooms, Seattle and Los Angeles."
Happy birthday peace love and much happiness!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew exactly what I do on the weekends
I'm with Sheldon. It's O gauge or no gauge.
A positive out look brings a positive life! no regrets just learn from the past and keep it pushing cause "time" is impatient and so am I.
just joking
ok! 1... 2... 3! *tackles him* :D oh yeah he did and it was great. Sucks that I won't be at tomorrow's game (blame my mom)
Almost punched my dog in the face but dont worry #iloveanimals :]
Company Dancer Ice Cream Social tonight at 8:15pm. Yum yum! See you there!
Why does everybody blame a single man when this is a team sport. I think I've seen worse on every level tonight
its down loading.. now
my daughter and made the trip june 3rd to watch bosox && eat at the grill
Another abysmal showing - this is going to affect recruitment at BC for years - #firespaz now
RT RaceNewsUpdates & the money goes to MARTIN TRUEX JR!
Got 2nd it the 4X1 and 400m run. And third in high jump.
Every time I hear the word precious. I think of the lord of the rings lol
cant find my cat =[
I love dressing up like a cowgirl (:
I feel so proud to have moved to Cleveland from the Big Easy. Not!
Now THAT's what I call a Friday night! :)
I'm mad at how amazed Sandra is that I actually replied to her text. Lmao, if you have my number now is the time to text me! #IMREPLYING (:
I'm sorry we don't track that. ;)
Flying standby can be a blessing and a curse! From Denver to Dallas, now back in Denver...making power moves but stuck like Chuck for now!
Hi my Twitter friends
I am so ready for Sunday!
Today is not the day to be working all day and night!
Kicked into a one person Yobongo room again. So sad.
Maybe we can do it Together Parker! I'm in! Are you? Ha.
So....i hope everybody has a wonderful day in the hot sun!!
I stay up late every night and realize it's a bad idea every morning!
Next up on the #Horror #Geek movie marathon- "Doghouse" so far its a cast I like- Stephen Graham, Danny Dyer, and HP's Stan Shunpike
It's all good
There's no future in time travel.
#SometimesYouHaveTo grab her, pick her up, throw her on the bed, pull off her clothes, pull panties 2 the side,& just start fucking her good
I should go to bed. Unfortunately, this will require getting ready for bed, which I don't want to do.
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
To the team of : have very interesting story which is PERFECT focus for the show. Would love to know email more details. Thank you.
“: #Scorpio isn't afraid to fight back... & they never back down.”
Why am I waking up at 6 on a Saturday?
GOP & European socialism hv something in common: both propose austerity as a solution(so Europe had negative growth last yr). GOP listening?
I hope you all have a great Holiday season! TY for the follow and our book Bubble gum badge is making traction in the self publish market
I wanted to tweet about the beers I was drinking @ the boston beer summit last weekend but I left my phone at home. was my fav
it will also clean your house, cook you dinner, and tuck you in at night.
hopefully those 2 aren't skirts like u are 85 and they will have a cocktail or 3 tonight.
I'll send my thoughts, consider it squashed. Busy right now, but certainly the wrong guy to attack, I'll explain later.
hey you, yes you, no not you!, you right there, yes you,!,......do you like tacos?
Thanks Kelly! Have a great weekend!
lmaoo im good good, you? I finished school on monday so im chilling when I don't have work lol
Went to hot #yoga for the first time. Imma just lay here for the next hour.
thanks dear! Pleasure to meet you too!
GREAT point, B! RT : I don't understand why they won't let those people be miserable like everyone else smh
Yes, but if it's just a bracelet there shouldn't be any.
Sometimes it's nice to work on the weekends. Makes Mondays a lot more tolerable :)
Oh yay, after a terrible day of crying now my computer is going to die in about 3 minutes oh yay.
Thanks Donelle! Us too! RT : Looking forward to your 15th anniversary celebration this week Congrats!
Love that dusty rose gown on McCarty! Beautiful shape and that necklace is to die for! X
u make a skype yet? add me wen u do: briwade94
feed://attorneyjobfinder.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
Monday I watched a man dive to the pavement...today I have him to thank for my new lease on life.
The school bus driver who had a heart attack on his route has died. The kids who tried to save his life must be crushed. What do you think?
“The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.”
Yes it is for free
Ill. House to Vote on Chicago's Red Light Camera Bill. Big Bill is not in favor of spying devices that catch you doing things you shouldn't!
If I unfollowed you then I either didnt like your tweets or I didnt like the way you treated people. Thanks -Caity xoxo
sweet baby Jesus please make the very unpleasant weather go away...Im sick of rain, and thunder, and lighting...Love Nicole :)
or Matt Jones
RT : I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate*
TX is great at creating McDonald's jobs right now, WY/SD are creating energy good $$ skilled jobs. so it's even better.
Apparently she's annotating the correspondence of an American sculptor living in Paris, who kept complaining about the heat.
a song about food stamps lol
By the time a tweet is posted, there's another leader at The Masters. Unbelievable golf!
Thanks for the Review! It was lovely! -BAC
Just drank a Hot Chocolate in the middle of July! :)
on the brite side ,tomorrow u'll have 2 shiny nickles to rub together..lol
Sounds good!
Is there a place in Houston where they can remove scratches from an iPhone 4S??
You going to try and jump a little red wagon on that?
I'M LISTING PEOPLE 10 TIMES IF THEY FOLLOW --> PLEASE FOLLOW!!! AND LET ME KNOW YOU DID ;)
thanks darling! Here's to hoping... :)
So much fun. Love you fools.
Does anyone show more emotion after a big strike out than Cervelli? Nobody can say the guy isn't into the game.
I'm in the same boat! Done! lol
In this hoe jumping it's cold ass fuck
at hinterland?
Day 2: Medina, OH to St. Louis, MO. Lots of snow, but other than that an uneventful day! Seeing the sights and getting dinner in the city...
Very good movie
150 Pain Management Physicians to Know - Becker's ASC Review
I don't even know where to start with all of the things I need to accomplish. Okay, let's go.
napkins, toilet paper - whats the difference?
Not even close to enough. Certainly his past should precede him here. Rest of season at least imo
lmfao I most likely will
Unknown fast paced mystery movie. Bad guys get serious whooping. Liam Neeson wins again.
Yay. Lets Go.
Awe I have a lady lover :)
totally agree with you. our head is giving us 2 late starts for PD, and that was HARD to get.
I hate when people say, "I need my beauty sleep.." Bitch you need to hibernate.
They say...i say bah hum duck!
Yep it's beautiful! :-)
Have a great weekend peeps!
"Evil men do not understand justice, but those who seek the Lord understand it fully." Proverbs 28:5
Though he lost his opportunity to mention that Christ is his savior...he's got to start saying that more.
Hanging out with family this weekend. Next week will be busy! Lots of stuff to get done at work, home, and first week of Spring Term.
My prayers go out to the peeps in Japan... cali is due for one so be prepared!
idk you see me ?
Thanks. I've decided to fight if possible.
Madison fire: Officials expect crews to be on "fire watch" for flare ups throughout the day and into the night.
Let all who are under authority imitate these men and not obey those who give unjust orders. Bl Theophylact (Explanation of John 7:44-46)
“: Stealing my whole style, That's a #SwagBite” that
haven't i taught you anything? i leave you alone for ONE WEEK and what do you do... BRUNCH, and it's a POTLUCK?
IDK. daughter has her last indoor game, of which I am the coach...weighing the possibilities..may skype my coaching :)
Just concluded the in Las Vegas with hope to be back next year.
Not everyone around you is your friend.
Who's excited???
Until next year....GoodNite Oscar!
I was lucky to have met and played baseball with Gary Carter. It was a pleasure. RIP, Kid.
I don't need your entire life story. I can help you better, and faster, if you get to the point.
No farmer ever plowed a field by running it over in his mind. -George E. Woodbury
killed my penny!! #revengetime ;)
Follow me now and you'll keep pace. miss a step, and im gone.
Headed to Augusta - maybe I'll see Tiger Woods
What day is today? ;)
Today was not a high point. But seeing some of the things coworkers have built out in 'free' time has made things a ill better
are albino people from ireland
o_o LMFAO . My Friend Said He Was At A Wedding Yesterday And Saw This Thingy With The Bride And Grooms Name And Asked His Brother +.
lol yes! let's get it! I'm sure they will have a great summer vacation with that Cup
man, Lakers v Thunder is getting REAL
just got caught up w/ #Castle. Never saw promos. Took me 5 min to realize u & Adam worked together on #Firefly. Gr8 team up
Youth Foundation Booth is located at the entrance to the Racing Pigs. Raffle - Autographed SkyGlider Bench & many more 1 of a kind items.
Resources say that Apple is no longer going to produce the Mac Pro desktops.
Received my copy today. Can't wait to dig in.
": You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. -Taylor Swift"
I cant express how much I want to eat cheetos & doritos today. Those evil food corps sure know how to trick the mind into craving garbage.
so how much are the autographs?
I was watching it too! Aha ! (: haven't seen it in a while!
Banks give rich people a card that looks like a golden ticket to willy wonkas factory. Mine is like an expired queens public library card
Love the Daily Show... Samantha Bee "But nobody takes you seriously now... you're a blogger."
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha;-) when are you coming down here again?
"Greatness" by that you mean Lebron James lmao the heat aint shit with out Lebron. ive said it plenty
Probably gon go Sell at like noon
Don't melt! Have a wonderful weekend.
Face down ass up
putting together recipes & homemaking tips for a surprise little wedding shower lunch at work this week. Got any gr8 tips to share?
I'm mad there is not one iconiac at my school!! People just don't understand the amazingness of the boyz!!
Only if you're Jewish....
home home home! Time to get to work.
thank you
gd thx! Hope u do too! Have a great day!
ABBYY Lingvo Server Brings Real-time Translation to New Levels
Puckett says this is their set from Ghosts, an all instrumental album. Cool stuff.
autoreply is set and it feels so very rite
How come?? email us at if you are still interested ?
honeychild, i need to teach you how to use hashtags. hahaha
shoutout and its me
goodmorning kenz! Even though it 6pm where I live... Haaha. Have a good day!
Happy Birthday Rudy Rowe I. Celebrate your weekend well. We love you.
Yeah, I watched the replay of #TMZ and saw the coverage of #DonnaSummer. It was so inappropriate and not funny at all.
give me some !:O
I love this woman right here...even though she won't answer me....ever
If I lived near Lindsey we straight up would of been grubbing after getting hella blowed.
it's really late. If I were an announcer I wouldn't be making sense either
Yikes! where is that at?
Dumb Girls<< Like What You Goin To School For
If the twitter chat is not about the webinar topic, you have lost the audience!
I don't say anything about you, so please just stop the ridiculous childish rumors and grow up. Be a teenager, not a kindergartener.
Hogan: replace things like marital status, birthdate w basic elements like marriage contracts, births Me: OK *if* you have that info.
Saw Sherlock Holmes at midnight
Thanks for the follow, !
beautiful Irish Setter!
i used an old friend's all-soup recipe: make a game of it
this explains the traffic on the surrounding side streets...thanx!
Like legit one week away till my parents go away! Fuck yes, house partay. :)
I like the new pic!
LA Clippers, moving on the 2nd round Semi Finals playing against my San Antonio Spurs! Oh yeauh. We got this.
Im late but Im here! RT :
Is that a joke? I will see you around 9:00.
Democratic Party Leadership was hijacked by Leftist Extremists/Progressives/Socialists (all the same). There are no more True Democrats.
balloon boy?
Don't normally have many good things to say about Yankees, but Mariano Rivera is a class act. I hope to see him pitch again.
RT : lets keep eachother posted on any findings! #Nabshow. So far so good
I'm going to get my tix, so idk yet. I'll let you know :)
That said, it's been a great tool for our research team.
Hope this weather continues for our Purely Social tomorrow! We'll be at METRO, Zen on Seven & tours of the rooms--join us!
ugh. I really hate writing those too. Everyone wants a laid back, drama free person. What does that even mean?
at da room..
Folks can diss Kenny's tactics (imperfect, yes) but #lfc are not winning b/c PLAYERS aren't PLAYING well. Some just aren't good. (1/2)
head & heart, head & heart...
Drifting off at 10:30 on a Saturday. Something about being healthy, wealthy, and wise. I'll take the former & cross fingers on the latter 2.
don't know. I asked after he went to bed.
Right now on the TJMS: It's your favorite celebrity snitch Huggy Lowdown!!
when you gunna get it!
Lot of y'all not risk takers...which is why that comfort zone you built holds your potential back to find yourself beyond measure
No.. still not close... Breed was interviewed yesterday.. and even he said they are nowhere near a deal...
not as often.
Text: zesmo to 368266 to see an example of a mobile coupon
I gotz me some one direction tickets im so happy!!!!!!!!!!:D
I know, I was surprised. Felt like someone up there "gets it" (but doesn't feel like there's any teeth behind it...) :(
that's how i know when i am on the right path...He sends encouragement from unpredictable places, people, locations and venues...
60s classic rock >>>
thank you! :] haha. That's good. Mine too! How are you?
I think drake is on my flight
He's all growns up, and he's all growns up! Congrats, man.
I obviously cannot keep track! Thanks for the support!!! Give Wattsie my love!
What if the Heat and Knicks go to game 7? I'll laugh at the Heat forever...
Wanted: IP Admin. Assistant with intellectual property experience. Is this you? Send us your resume!
Yet quick to attack others over perceived insult to a book they probably can never read. Much less understand. Tragic!
Let the rain fall down & wake my dreams let it wash away my sanity cuz I wanna feel the thunder i wanna scream let the rain fall come clean.
I downloaded app then Shazammed.. Not really. RT : Is anyone fast enough to pull up Shazam before ad ends
3 day weekend for this guy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
oh hey there snow.
OMFG !!! follows me !! Thank you so much Nialler . It mean so much for me :D
Hm...#Celtics vs #76ers. Too bad there's no history between them in the playoffs.
0 cause I wanted to wait to get a second hole
FOLLOW YA BOI
RT: : cracks me up thanks for putting my tweets on tv haha
I hope.
My son is loving your magnets and food. How did you come up with those products?
our store is so bare and we're out of everything. Last day til I get three weeks JUST for school. Is is sad this is like my vacation?
I feel like a kid on Christmas Eve. #dirtywork :)
are you guys going on tour again soon? Maybe a summer tour? And can you Please follow me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Join us @ Center Plaza 9/22 for a FREE Stoop Storytelling show. 5 PM-7:30. FREE beer...yes..that's FREE show & FREE beer. What a combo!
thank you!!
I'll be there ;)
I will be in the building!! RT : thanks bae, its tomorrow officially tho. Just celebrating tonight
Congrats on that spiffy green jacket! Looks good on a Bubba!
Kimchi Bowl lunch is looking god!
DeMaio says he's the only small business owner running for mayor, understands challenges business owners face.
We lost one of the most honest absolutely brilliant comics I have ever witnessed. Rest in Peace, Patrice, you will be missed. #RIP Patrice
Steak n Shake cookie dough blizzard>>>>
me too!
.: Though the crime defies logic, Private Bodies, Public Texts provides sociohistorical context for killing of
No talking about Scarlett Johansson while I'm eating a hamburger.
no "lol" though
HIS Faith becomes my Faith; HIS Love becomes my Love; HIS Will becomes my Will; HIS Strength becomes my Strength!
meet up tomorrow. !(: 1:56pm. come straight to bus 97-7. left side. back row.
waking up and doin the dishes #responsible :D
there like after the check cleared after 10hrs ha
#YouGetPointsIf you listen to what I have to say
Your biggest dream is way too small. Live & pray with
"the grass is only greener on the other side because you haven't watered the grass you're standing on"
Vision is not what you see with your eyes. Its what you SEE for yourself in the future
Ya - so gross! Nope, not yet, did I never answer you? Thought I did.
Agreed. Side of my finger always gets pinched when I right-click because of the way have to hold it. Love it but would tweak it.
thank-you. For the follow
I haate when people text me and then they dont respond.
Meeting with Writer/Director Janine Salinas today. The rough cut of Dulce's Ashes is almost finished!!
Laying in bed all cuddled up w/my blanket & my yorkie Dublin. Watching MSNBC again lol. I'm watching some show on Inmates in Prison. Crazy!
Drinking a well deserved whiskey after getting ticketed and towed in my first week in LA. Cheers to learning the hard way.
RT - power rankings #nfl 2 New England: 90 I doubt Brady will throw for 8000 yards
Midlakes Basketball: Great day for us...Little Dribblers was a success and we had our 2nd annual coaches clinic.
Harry Potter: Harry potter movie peeves
Ladies! The day you've been waiting for is finally here! Our first spring BB Dakota shipment has arrived! Photos soon to follow.
that's not weird ...?
What?! Academics have bodies? Say it isn't so...
Tonight! Moon Nightclub Presents LIL JON in a very special DJ set!
Another awesome new Ped. Pal Scrubby to hit the Feet? he-hee Plum in Love with Ya! Oh my gosh, close your eyes and you smell sweet plum tea
Optimism: a rain shower possible this weekend. Pessimism (or realist): Scattered showers Saturday, few on Sunday too, w/sunbreaks.
for someone who is experiencing Criminal Minds induced night terrors, I'm surprised you have put my place up on 4square. Thnx
I wanna go to the Round Rock Express game just to see if Im lucky enough to meet
24 excellent professionals exchanging leads! This week we passed 17 leads, $180k last year!
I take being burnt to a whole new meaning
I'm playing in East Atlanta tonight @ The Graveyard with Evil Empire! Show starts at 10:30!!!
DO NOT WANT
Almost positive I've hit up every free sample in this place. Lunch of champions.
good correction! haha, and majority of the female population is dumb
Peanut butter quesadilla sounds great with honey on top
Thank you so much for the retweet!
#MCL - so its not just trending on twitter, but actually through the city eh?
Charla (my wife) helped push a stalled DC police car out of a busy intersection. I'm impressed.
I enjoyed all of them. They're just crazy popular now partially due to the movie release.
but *never* uses hyperbole!
Citizenship in English starts at 5:30. Despite the name, this class will not answer your questions on how to become a citizen of the UK.
Things that puzzle and frustrate me: why I can find Mother's Day cards for any female relative but stepMOTHERs. Makes no sense.
Yes sir likewise ....DJ RomanRoxford is a hell of a DJ n kool pplz too follow him ppl
i don't blame you :)
ur talking to one of the promoters...no press passes, but we could arrange something. How can we get coverage w/u?
When my mom turns on the light and calls me Time to wake up
I've been good! How are you? Are you going to deadmau5?
So says he will freak out if Obama isn't re-elected. I think America can live with Maroon 4.
Seven pages in and just getting to the theory. Really not sure I have 13 pages more in me. Let alone four semesters.
Adrian Peterson and Maurice Jones-Drew are the two best running backs in the #NFL today, it is a shame that they are on underachieving teams
Tell your curvy friends to follow us and receive great deals on some HAUTE plus size clothes and accessories!
DAMN I CME FROM GETTING HAIRCUT SEE.MY SQUAD GETTING RAN & MY NIGGA DWADE GOT 3POINTS!
crowdsourced music is a double edged sword
Remember to always check your links in your blogs, newsletters and websites.
are you coming to school ?
TIME OF UR LIFE .....DOPE FUCKIN TRACK BRO
Delve into our interview with , former lyricist for the Grateful Dead, retired WY rancher, & co-founder of
Long exciting day ahead. My daughters is having a birthday party. No room for tweeting or bloging... maybe :)
The average male loses his virginity at age 16, while the average female loses her virginity at age 17
listening right now...sounds good! Keep the vibes coming!
Anyone got information on Food Trucks for Broad Ripple Village?
“: Real asshole fake cancer”
Hey , you should package the songs you use before commercial breaks as iTunes or Spottily playlists. Great tracks.
thanks for the RT
you dont rep the team cubano .
got a bro tank burn from 3v3 today.
Yeah, just sprinkle quotation marks everywhere for maximum accuracy.
David Peralta, Spanish director of ‘Ay, Carmela’: “Once again, even in times of crisis, we made another dream a reality.”
exactly. Y'all are seniors now though enjoy it!
One last set before this #Arkansas adventure draws to an end.
Sorry I Havent Been On My Twitter. But Followed=)
#JessicaSanchez- btw can I borrow your dress? :)
Very soon. We are setting up an LA show right now! Tell all your friends to come out and we'll have a great time!
Working on some great new MP acrylic original paintings! Remember 1st Friday downtown Vegas this week!
stay positive! What's the interview for?
miss ya 2
#Quizlet has some great possibilities for my students. Hoping to create more independent thinkers/learners before they reach hs next year!
THANK YU TO EVERYONE THAT HAS TAKEN THE TIME TO LISTEN TO MY NEW SINGLE SO FAR! PLZ SHARE W/UR FRIENDS!!!! VIDEO COMING SOON!
It makes me sad when I hit 'forgot my password' for a site, and I get emailed my actual password. Please stop storing my passwords.
I pledge allegiance to the
Please let us know if you would like tosupport www.pledge4patriots.com support the cause!We as patriots need any contribution
Order a , , or 1" Wristband & get free shipping on your whole Blacklight.com order! Lets support these guys!
MN Commissioner of Health to speak at HCMC this morning at 10 am.
My Favorite Dome History: 10/15/2005 Badgers Block Gopher Punt on way to a Comeback Victory
She don't believe in shooting stars, but she believes in shoes and cars..
Now your just someone I used to know.
Lycos founder seeks new breed of Web pioneers
Even more shocking that he's right on something. If you bought into Groupon you didn't need more regulations, just brains.
#NoManShouldEver say no to some head!
hey i am a huge fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)
Skip all the reading and call me and I can explain everything you need to know about blogging. 425-486-7778
Phil just finished with another birdie at 18! That's two days in a row with a finishing bird, and only 3 shots off the lead.
Lmfao it's sad how you would never say that to me & my friends's faces.
A wee bit irritated !
if your friend is “on the fence”, it means she is undecided about something.
Life is so good even when it's bad.
There`s no relationship without any fights, but you always can make your relationship worth the fight.
“: what happened that time with Tyler? ” ????
thanks for the follow. We love your oysters. Just serves them last week at oysterfest!
And the Oscar goes to..WHO?
RT if you can't wait till #SaySomethin comes out on iTunes.
5 points for that troll, ha ha
People who run in and out <<
i just came up. Bestbuy and amazon are following me.
i guess died in his sleep, cause not released. but he had been ill. so sad, i loved him and his music. a legend
No you guys are! “: Ditto! Cheryl is the best.”
just joined sissy games now as sissimaid
": Don't say you love me unless you really mean it, because I might do something crazy like believe it. #WS"
hey!! Happy Founder's Day!!!! Awww I sure did...it was amazing!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>hugs
tragedy of errors. wisconsinites are not used to losing...
at least you will have an excuse for frequent bathroom breaks :-)
all night err night? ;)
#Corn = long season, productive capacity, few #ag options in certain places, weather/other variables. - Mark Muller.
It's about time Blackhawks. Welcome back to the win column
Greg Stiemsma's got hops! Rondo to Stiemroller. Pretty alley-oop.
I am looking for someone who can do audio editing and clean up using Adobe Audition or Cool Edit Pro. Send me a message.
Cass Sunstein, you would be vindicated to know that I am addicted to McDonalds Monopoly. Cognitive dissonance, excess optimism
Hahahhahaha...it's the zoom man! But i got the moment (that's what matters)
This year bullies can't make me feel bad. Make me cry. Or even make me sad. 'Cause I am STRONG, girlfriend!
Great writing weather we're having here!
There should be a class that teaches how to focus on shit because I never can.
I need a sugar momma...send your resume to
Happy birthday i love you so much
morning, ladies
Ugh wish I wasn't so stupid before
"Happy League of Women's Voters Day!"
day dreaming all day long. @
A smile confuses an approaching frown.
Getting Starbucks dose for the morning!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you smell weird
ok..well a new version is due out soon which i think will fix that :)
it is!! I had some before bed, and I was out like a light!!!
Nice pix
Wasnt trash talking Ben. Was asked about your style, & I gave my opinion. Ur the champ!..for now.
Tell me your joking...
wats good baby
Correction! 7 fire trucks.
“ how many of yal still talk to the female you lost ya virginity to?” <== 0
Did I just witness an unecessary roughness call on the Iowa quarterback??
with that much experience, I definitely believe you would have some useful tips
all the demons under the california sun, all the foolish mortals hit the street at birth and run.
8-ball corner pocket
BASE Camp is looking for a rock star DJ to help us out at our Christmas party December 10. If you know of someone let us know!
laying in the sun listening to and the sound of indy cars
I just saw a 10-year old with a Snooki hair-do. I wonder if her mother helped her with it
but the book is so terrible!!!!
Communication, trust, loyalty, respect + more are key to a successful relationship.
of course!(:
pretty sure jones dropped that, but alright. Way to go umps!
let's be honest.. i'm more like the class clown.. josh makes a good hall monitor
-driving & see a mustang- "that's a nice car." "yeah it is." "Wait.. he's the QB on our football team!" Lol typical, the QB has a nice car.
I got lost in Farm and Fleet, just let it happen. Now I am drinking at a sleezy bar in middle of n ...
Day one of attempt in changing lifestyle: fail lol
You're welcome!!
well Duh. Thats why you miss me so much and call me everyday day.
Its a power grab. You hang around liberals too much. Conservatives don't buy into this racialist nonsense
: time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Life is great(:
Admit it. You don't know what "Rolling in the Deep" means either.
Lol I got it, good lookin bro
Have a wonderful week everyone!
no the number is the same. It does that instead of a busy signal it's really weird I'm sorry! :(
Thxs for including me
come on, 10 tee at Glen Arven matches pebble any day.
hey genice showin love hope u & the kids r well :)
Wonder why so long. Phenomenal story & author.When she came to visit lib, 1st rows filled w Hungarian wk cmp & other Survivors.
Planning to go for ZNMD...has anybody seen it yet?
"A fool is a wise man in training!" - Kalamundur
One more play
Thanks a billion!! Happy Weekend Eve!!
soon... very soon...
I swear I did NOT pay her to say this. RT : Great; like your new photo - you're getting younger
The rangers win. Bring on the devs
Ha. OF COURSE I follow you. Thanks.
Knowing what 'Dzsm' means.
Chile or London because those are places that are thenhardest for austjn to go to i voted chile though to help friends out<3
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
or a brand new k1600GTL someone might have just picked up yesterday!
Now moms are pointing out my shirt to their children. YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
Jack white tonight Jack white tonight Jack white tonight Jack white tonight. I'm excited like a 12 year old girl
Made rockets in science then launched them. Mine won(:
And someone fire up Maier on Alert Five. He's getting spot starts.
haha what movie(s) are on the agenda?
I hear a little bit of thunder comin from outside...
Getting ready for my midnight jog
Have a very merry x-mas and a happy new year! *In my TLC voice*
it will be like this. Except real. Ha ha
I use Google's free translator.
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine. ~ Barry Goldwater
I have big dreams! RT ": RT : God gives us dreams a size too big so that we can grow in them. ~Author Unknown"
I'm #blunted for the next few hours. Hit me to get that #Blunt treatment
i use it as a verb. the mishka-ing of rap. when novelty replaces talent
...need to prep for those. Not doing at all well (but'll get support as needed), Sofi's death was worst in long line of bads lately, so...
All is well=)
Rep. Tim Bishop to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and Intl. Seminar on January 28. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
KMAAS* ha he's so mad! RT : starting the month right with KMASS doing two deals today!!!
DM me k? Ill see if u can help ya!
Momma bought me my DMB ticket #bestbirthdaypresent <U+E056><U+E326><U+E03E><U+E112>
Is this the real Eric the Midget? Or one of the fakes? The other two I asked have confirmed that they are the real one.
Oh yeah I did! It was so fun!
I thought my biology project would take all week! I started it today...AND...It will be DONE today!
Thanks so much! We really appreciate it.
Random note: the banks here are horrible. As soon as people get paid they withdraw everything except the minimum they need to maintain.
Landed in Seattle! The mountains are a sight for sore eyes :) home to feed the cats then off to Redmond in time for
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And my ol' beard is more beardy than a sleepin' sasquatch!
YES! It's terrible. The complete opposite of what you'd expect. It's confusing, yet funny, but really bad. Make sense? lol
RT : Knicks are undefeated in this year's playoffs when Albert Pujols hits a home run!
"Change is the essence of life.Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become."
I use the Belkin mini surge protector for this - couple of standard sockets and two USB charging ports.
Totally just whipped together a crazy brochure for one of my mom's coworkers. She always had computer issues so it's a joke goodbye thing
I'm hungry but too lazy to cook this late and do not want fast food Bleh. I need to be up early so really should just sleep.
yes pls! When's the next open mike you are doing?
I need a GOOD weekend..
We at club copa bout to rock the mic!!!! Shout out to my nigga seven and Paul..
If Twitter can take down foriegn governments surely it (we) can force gas prices down! Bycott ESSO/Petro Canada for 90 days. Retweet to all!
Ladies get your hair done right!
#kredwishes #Kred great event Public Bikes and Soul Republic for headphones
Does drunk running count?
After Effects hates me with a passion.
i had a blast on 3-1-12 me and friends throw a justin bieber party and we party tell 12:00am had a blast once again Happy 18 B-day JB
woo woo woo woo woo woo
Off to teach my class... should be interesting tonight. At least for me!
heck yes we do!
keep tweeting. Change the name in your own time.
Wow, Bachmann used to call Newt "The Speaker", now it's "The former Speaker of the House".
“: S|O to my new followers :)”. Thanks for FB!
I kinda figured that, had a interview last week! “: yes”
It's been one year since he died. my life doesnt even feel the same
We can capture your attention by being overly dressed, now watch what we can do half naked! Just sayin BOW!!!
wow, we have so much in common
s/out to my new followers
It's about that time..good night. Tweet you all in my dreams
Send a loving note expressing your appreciation and gratitude to people that support ,motivate and love you every single day!
I would host a forum at #WHSummit abt need for coverage of women's health care, but at this point I just want to thank HHS/
COLLEGE GAME DAY! What games will you be watching today?
This account is great. Brent should see this.
Art walk in Jacksonville IL and now seeing The Help in the awesome ol' Illinois Theater
He who laughs last, thinks the slowest!
Gluck boo!! There's a fish fry on Friday with your name on it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Well you certainly did that! Looks amazing!
hey thanks for the follow, african tibes are worried about the dam being built , how it will deminish the water supply.
Its always one ugly nigga in the barber shop that got a ugly laugh
. I took an editor's prerogative on that one!
Very proud of , and his efforts to help organize young new talent to improve the city. U have my help sir
IF YOU'RE GONNA HATE ON LIKE THAT, YOU'RE FUCKING HEARTLESS AND YOU NEED A SMACK IN THE DAMN FACE. WOW.
Kate should really accept the gifts. If she doesn't want them, I'll take them.
: Yeee cuzzzy, but after, woo! Don't even get me started!
okaay if you say so
I hate mornings.
Sushi time in Miami.
Full day at the zoo. Just fell into bed. I am done for tonight. Z...
if we work hard enough we can :)
gotta wear a skirt and say how you doing like wendy williams
We both have been either one at some point to each other. Which created an great growing ground for both parties.
go check out talent is crazy
Thanks! RT Feature film by is casting The Glass Circle on 2/18: Details on VegasAuditions .com
had a dimsum B-day get-together for Kipp & my b-days - with great friends, good food & great conversation!
I think it's universal that HS websites are rubbish. Mine seems to have moved to a CMS that no one bothered to learn.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Florence and the Machine just killed it.
Rule #1: Be quiet.
rian please RT me.. i am boy belieber too.. i do not know other boy beliebers
At #latfob. Managed a panel and to wander around a bit (hi !). Time for a nap. Where's the napping pavilion.
Thanks love!!!
Don't hate Saber..;) P.S. Where the heck have you been?!
"will u hand me my charger shot?"
My brain tries to say "who cares" but my heart keeps whispering "you do"
Thanks for the RT
I think this danity kane pandora station is trying to send me a msg
Currently in development of our website. Where you can purchase TA products.
Great having u back - safe travels back to SF! RT : last day in the #miami office. back to #sanfrancisco on sunday
hahahaha cool day actually, mine was boring -.- I had to study , at least Friday and saturday was amazing ;) brb
- Hope u guys have been well & have a great tour!!
Ill knit pick all I want hoe.
#SportingKC seems to be back to old form. Like they just went thru a crash diet. Think it was Weight Watchers or Slim 4 Life?
This Dairy Queen is infested with Mosquitos.
When I just had my iPod yesterday and then lose and can't seem to find it anywhere...yeah biggest petpeeve EVER! XP
Tom Luna just asked me and wants to walk around holding hands
If interfaces shape genres, then humanists need to shape interfaces (platforms) Dan Cohen
I wanna go to the circus!
Shurmur is probably what kept Greco on the team. Rams probably would have released him, but no shame in snagging your own guy.
Let's just realign #NBA playoffs now: 1. #spurs vs. 4. #lakers; 2. #thunder vs. 3.
Awesome! Assuming you waved hello! :P
Good tip! RT : Friendly reminder: buy avocados today if you're making guacamole for the Super Bowl.
ATTN #pdxdms students: feedback session is Thurs June 2 at 5:00p at ID. Details are on Ning. Let me know if you are attending. Thx.
Reading my new Doctor Who Writer's Tale Book. I always get good Christmas presents! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
#DC is the place to be!
Spooky Deals available at www.burghbargains.com. Discount tickets to Haunted Attractions!!
Preservation of digital books? There's no one in charge!
#DarkShadows I I may be vampired out. But I can never be Johnny Depped out.
!!! RT : Why is it that whenever I poop, the toilet clogs? Ugh
trying to kill mewith these fat
BOO RT : Romney on foreign aid: "I agree with Governor Perry. Start everything at zero."
It was a slip of the tongue. His name was Paul.
love it
Ah, you are also excited for the back nine at Augusta on Sunday?
furniture. have an apartment again yay
It's not too late in the night for a nightcap, right?
Can't beat a day ready for big boi
Thank u Von!
Happy early birthday! I'm 34--and I still like Transformers too. Some things never change, and it's okay that they don't.
What show did you purchase? There are no discounts on Broadway shows because of rules from the shows themselves.
It is starting? Will the art work be freed?
Isn't it crazy that in life the person who brings out the best in you & makes you strong is actually your weakness?
is goin to jail tomorrow (and getting paid to go! - TV commercial - hah ! Gotchya!)
Who wouldn't love to be the lucky girl who's loved by two handsome brothers like Stefan and Damon? We love u Elena, but we envy u :(
Waiting for day when I try to search for something/someone on Twitter and accidentally tweet my search. And it'll be something embarrassing.
we'll see
no lol well one ant Cuz I didn't kno it was on my finger lol
Might be the best payment I've ever read.
RT if you want more followers.
Wish this elephant would get off my chest... Breathing is something I kind of enjoy.
you guys are rockin this morning!!! I love the Ron Washinton humor!!!
I believe the Canon 5d m2 is in our future. Seems to be the best option thus far. Perhaps I'll trade these in. www.heliosimaging.com
lol we shall see! I know they are capable of it!
Really cool local TShirts! Local too! www.veilarms.com Wish I could get my hands on their site and optimize it for search!
Feel That Happy Feeling....
Chang for dinner with the fam & I had Panda for lunch with Mom. Fuck it.
It's a sad day when George Webb's is only open 6am - 10pm. No more bar time omelets...
Dude, people from Antiquity were mean. "The Better Angels of Our Nature," Stephen Pinker.
hey rat you arent sharpie so don't think you are getting a barbie dream car
I just saw your #SAG tweet. I didn't watch - next up for me is the Oscars (pondering a party!) and Grammy's !
Wow!!!! We scored anyway!!!!
Craziest season finale ever O.o
If I could be naked all the time I would
check your car insurance. a lot of what A offers is included with policies from Geico and others
I am in Florida....getting ready for tonight's BB! Jeff will use the Coup D' Etat!! Sayonara...Jessie & Natalie..Peace Out!!
Big shock: vs. = best match of the night. The last few minutes of MAT WRESTLING had Miami going bonkers.
Perfect start to a Friday= Yoga at Yoga Flow Shadyside and a run in Frick Park with the sis'! <3 :-)
Im at the liquor store and i just saw some old lady that comes into my work with a cart full of shit lol
working from home???
it's lube for my chicken. ;-)
hey bro, it was great seeing u the other night. U rocked it! Had a blast. I better see u in November!
True. But there's a different thrill to ice hockey for me. A lot of heart, athleticism, and hustle, multiplied by playoffs and OT
Busted. KJs flops top pair and I go all-in in position after 3 checks. One caller, he caught trip 5s on the flop. Finish 1877th of 4144. dam
topless on the beach like Kendra, but I am not the girl next door mixed between a cheerleader and a whoreeeeee. Hahaha bitch.
When will u realize ?
"Can you overdose on Zyrtec?" LOL
I think the only way to be further behind in Code Academy than me is to never have begun...
Thanks for the help!
Have a good one.
Bittel The Nine Master Keys of Management
Thanks for the follow. Have a great weekend!
can I get a call with some updates!?
Heats bout to lose to the pacers
God redeems all things including my Jesus Jukes
<3 this! RT : One of the things about acting is it allows you to live other people's lives without having to pay the price
In honor of #nationalkissingday, the first person to tweet "KISS" to us will get a free sample of Closing Time #Hangover Supplement ;)
sounds like a great way to start the day!
We are looking forward to congratulating our new Family Medicine additions this Friday!
Sitting a few small tables away from Mark from the Real World/Challenges! Yay semi-celebrity sightings!
OHMYYYGGOSSH, you saw us? Hahahahaaaaa, times seems to pass by so slow :( I didn't see you!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else! :) <3
i think he will b in chicago, cuz dea isnt really no on really offern a better senerio for him, and playn wit d-wade i dnt think so...
Playing in the open mic tonight in the 7:50 slot. Come out to support an evening of great music.
The more I read about Windows 8 and Metro, the more I think legacy Windows apps are doomed.
I didnt mean it like that
#BadIdea Roman Polanski remaking Lolita. #WorseIdea Him also playing the lead. #WorstIdea And it's a NC-17 movie.
Nice! You should listen to more often, maybe? :)
Still looking for somewhere to #dine on #MothersDay in #Tampa? Here are some suggestions.
Wishing you all a very happy and safe 4th of July!
If Skip dishes it out, he must learn to take it.
My least fave is "please don't take this the wrong way." How abt just not saying it, OK?
RT : Support the right to arm bears.
Boy's got mad hops... RT : Still not sure how rimando saved that header from Kei...
Read this great book last week w/ 1st graders, and talked what would be like not to have access to books.
I don't like thunder...
ill drink to that! :) was home by 630.
- where you at ?
hope you're feeling better after that long mile yesterday!
Harbaugh just confirmed he NEVER reads a sports page RT Jim Harbaugh seems surprised that Randy Moss is "complicated"
My mother loves herself some Donovan McNabb. Her idea of eye candy. Lmbo.
The only reason I'm watching icarly is because of Other than that, it's a really stupid show.
sick AF.. What got u doin art on postal packages? I'm with it and support it~
Barbara Walters - my thoughts are with you. You are a true American legend. Speedy recovery to one of my most respected heroes!
Awesome! That must have been a great show. :)
thanks for jumping on the 303Xpress...DENVER 5280 :-)
Las Vegas, not L.A.
ya I am
creeping? i think so :P
Keep it going clippers
Driving to giant eagle with bigwillie
Oh boy, Rick. "Ops"
I'm guessing that was because of ?
I think we are all glad...
I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be a ...
Our walls were shaking last night! Wow that's a crazy sound system!
Do older white people care about children of color? -Dan Lichter
You arms will look even BETTER than Karen Cartwrights. #katherinewho?
oh man, the fans at the Big House must be soaked right now lol.
where'd you get it? Like to pick up some before I leave.
i had fun wit her outside (: but she forever mad at me -__- i aint even do shit fa real
Thanks to four square, I think I know EVERYONE'S class schedule
One thing the healing of Naaman accomplished was proving to an unbeliever that there was a prophet of God on earth. 2 Kings 5:1-14
So bored. An epic duel between two narwhals would be nice right about now
Redneck word of the day: Otter- he otter buy her a tractor for their engagement.
Hardest part is gettin off the ground, cause nobody wants to fuck with an artist with no name to themselves or experience.
Thanks for the support! I always appreciate it.
Just tapped, Sunrise Oatmeal Pale Ale (replaces Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale)
I worked almost a week straight. No days off
It's Sunday- so I will be giving 0 fucks today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
feel better:) wild night? yeah, dont answer we already know
All gay men and straight women produce birds together
what! is co flow going to tour, or is it just for the festival?
Authenticity is about being tru to who u are. Even when everyone else wants u to be someone else – Michael Jordan never forget
Preach on ... "If you think of paradox as the main way the universe works, rather than an anomaly, it all makes much more sense."
Hey - we hear you're up on the social media - care to join us for our launch? DM for more info. Free advertising 4 u!
Gene Clark was the heart and soul of the Byrds. Too bad David Crosby pushed to get him out of the Byrds.
r u in Freeport ? I love rum runners! Nothing like their fried grouper sandwich & piña colada in the coconut!
Hey RC/FV, if you want me to tune in again, you're so going to have to dial down the Alexis airtime and bring more Diane. K, Thanks.
Was too eager to try 4.0.4, gonna try for a while. Build 31 looks good so far, we'll see how it runs for a few days.
Of course!!
what's up bro
Is there a way to improve a video with not really bad, but should be improved sound quality??
It's Friday.
I Got A New Page Friend!! Follow Me
Back in time to make a new generation afraid of the ocean this summer! At least they aren't remaking Jaws (yet).
what r sum predictions for the eastern v western all stars 2nite.i think the west will win.east SUCK
"... all things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man. . . the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports."
to be honest, I'm just as insulted by the "Learn to Code" camp, though.
About to take this statistics final
Who's at Ohio Stadium right now?!
Bill & Tedius Excellent Adventure
thanks Jared! Hope you're doing well
Two auditions today then heading to sea of destiny fundraising party!
yes we are :)
": A million words won't bring you back, I know because I've tried, neither will a million tears, I know because I've cried."
might not have made it through the series that far. Makes us want to watch/rewatch again. Such a bizarre sight!
Beautiful night to happen upon Museum's "Song 1"
Midnight work out ^-^
with y and the crew
Gonna do a Q&A video on youtube. Send me some questions :)
to my new followers, to the good life!
2 more days and then i can sleep! :D lol jk i have projects -__-
dawg his lyrics always had zero relevance to anything lmao
I'm sorry but non union performers in the state of Florida are jokes.
when you love your friends so much, you do everything you can to keep loving them
I miss thinking about lost all day of everyday.
like a skyscraper, Like a skyscraper. As the smoke clear I awaken and untangle u from me..
[Today in PD] Science and technology for communication and persuasion abroad
thats was some funny stuff...im only WILL.
n should be enjoying Sunday funday with us instead of moving. Found a place that opened in 1928!
power failure
During research for a sketch, I found myself reading Situation quotes. Taking a break to wonder exactly when my life went completely wrong.
Its all good Troy Murphy's in the game
"Sorry" used to mean that you won't do it again. Today it just means "I fucked up but I might do it again."
Gonna be anywhere close to #Knoxville, TN?? Might get to go if its close enough! :)
pretty stinking cool
Which ones has he wanted he couldn't keep, I guess is a more pressing point.
You got it. Appreciate your commitment to moving Detroit forward.
if you dont "like" me stay far away from Me as possibly because i intend 2 make every second spent in my pressence Hell
Spreading to corporations too. MGM is taking soda, fried foods, pastry's, etc.., away from us!
So lazy. SO lazy!
THESE NACHOS ARE THE BOMB!!!... And that's how I got my nachos taken away in the airport..
Bus driver be trying to fake fight this girl lmao .
gotta go pick my copy up, I pre-ordered that joint!
im a understandig person, im always here to listen to your problems and i will never judge you hun.
I don't like the fact thatya'll r puttin all my business out! And monaet I can't believe u just called me an asshole
Great Article!
i just watched one of these video "thank you" to God for showing all Japanese Atheists who is boss....Truly turns my stomach
The American heath care system is more like a disease care system. A system focused more on disease rather than the person -
Feeling like a one armed paper hanger. Working ads for events @ Super Bowl. Love to catch up next week. Will shoot you a note then.
Omg! do I have a really bad case of #VINNYVIRUS ?Cause now everywhere I look I see the word GRAND(: lol, I love being a grand
Must be a beautiful gorgeous day to play #Volleyball eh... I wish I have the #Leisure to do it :(
omg I told I don't have the money my mentor does that's why I texted you and asked what time she should come so she could get it
I think I do too much for too many people and at the end of the day still feel on appreciated
I can definitely tell that spring is in the air! I just have to take a step outside.
“: Because of racism, Tigger from Winnie the Pooh will go by the more politically correct name: Tegro.” haha
I love !!! please please follow me!!! I love all of u guys! U guys r soo talented!
he is... I would say about Lyle, but its not my place..
Thx you gusta rock I'll keep in touch. Lots of great things coming from LBLD
Anyone Else Rockin with that New Show #Alcatraz...It's My Ishh
lol are you saying kobe is getting it? lol - YES! #G.O.A.T. of THIS ERA! hahaha!
Just ate some delicious home smoked brisket and home brewed beer.
awww thanks rob can't wait to see you
Get on the best bets #Soccer list for this weekend #playtowin #advantageplay wagering
they do according to my not so smart phone
ima real lakers fan not just kobe fan
Go dan!!! football??
Thanks to everyone who spoils movies without thinking they're spoiling movies. Just keep your darned mouth shut! *storms off in a huff*
Gen. Howe is asking Boston citizens to leave the city in order to save supplies for his soldiers. Washington worries they may bring smallpox
#WHITESOX vs #DODGERS.....Sleeper World Series Pick Buster!!!!
When comes into your biology class and distracts you! Then your off task for the rest of the day!>
Jamming the Eagles with my dad :)
wow, better not show up for a date in a rented Porche
Told you he was an ant!
Why do we have to have the same hours? You'll have to let me read your newsletter over drinks soon.
it all comes down to this. I miss ya, morning kiss. I won't lie, i'm feelin' it. you don't know, i'm missin' it. i'm so dumb, I must admit.
Living off coffee and crackers.
Merry Christmas everyone! And happy polar bear plunging?! Oh my, here we go again...
Now you blew it. OMG OMG did you hear that Molly secretly luvs Jon?! Nothing is secret.
He should've been on Madden actually, smh.
; TODAY WE ARE. I'm probably gonna have to force Kori though.... Lhh.
wad up then
And the "criminal-count" grows.
Golf lesson at lunch today: Assume.
Super sore and tired. All I wanna do is <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
You had me at "cupcake"! Sounds like a great cruise and I'll be sure to look into it!
I think I've moved from Step 1, denial, to Step 2, acceptance.
Owen I don't think the scotchies are going to make it to the dells.
RT : It would cost me more in time, stress, & mistakes to do it all myself than the 15% I pay my agent.
- i'll write a letter. This injustice will not stand
bro, LR 4!! Sharpness & resolving power, amazing?! The enhanced tools for extending dynamic range of image files... Surreal
perhaps will send you a coupon or something?
The reporter also saw them. "Your presence is known and has become the subject of much speculation," he said. "Best wishes," he added.
my birthday is tomorrow (pretty perfect for me- good job mom!). remembers every year :)
Rick Mc's sked - Mon: Bike to Work; Tue: Wheelchair to work; Wed: Gurney to Work; Thurs: Coffin to Work
you lay down wit dogs you wake up wit flees
I might have to take you up on that... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
what's the code?
maybe one of the best matches this year. Crowd will be crazy hot.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
FILMING CBS TODAY... THE MAYOR OF CLEVELAND 216 ITS HERE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM ANY 1 NEED MY COMEDY 4 ANYTHING HIT ME
I have an idea, Get on here and ask people to help you Tweet him
I would love a job where I could legally blow things up -- that was the best part of chemistry class, no?
was going to have a productive night, then rediscovered spin class, and will be lying down for the foreseeable future.
Congrats! RT Proud 2 announce that Soldier Field is the 1st North American NFL stadium 2 attain #LEED cert by !
"Before I can become wise, I must realize that I am foolish. Before I can receive power, I must confess that I am powerless." Psalm 34:18
First all 5 Cats leave. Now I gotta say goodbye to Levon Helm? Damn.
You know I would! What did everyone else say?
Don't make me and give to ass a good ol westcoast beat down.. Then we gone blood walk on your 4head hoe!!
I told her not to go to vans with candy
RT : I'm using OneNote as a design workbook for my kids' bedroom redesign project - all my inspiration in one place!
happy birthday sweetheart :)
who else acts like your interested in the teacher's personal life just to waste time in class? ;D
Dang these bus drivers really know how to let loose
Happy last day of winter! Spring is upon us. Thankfully!
yes, that's the song- was referring to the next one with Java tonight!
no! Why would I forget you??
That #GameOfThrones was the most intense and amazing episode every and now I must wait a week till the new episode <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
My next class isn't til 3... #whattodo I guess ill just be good for a change and study
Not sure why I still watch wrestling!
cute, but definitely NOT with those jean shorts. Maybe a black legging or skinny jean.
I don't know what I did to my foot but it hurts to walk. :(
we are long overdue. either way. a week from sunday??
Same. “: I don't like being told what to do.”
Start over? That's the formula for every romantic comedy ever!
I hope you are watching this mate. Biggest league game ever. Man UTD are clutch...
one word for paul pierce: phenomenal!!! even tho they didnt get the win it was a great effort!!
Twitter size optimization compulsion - The need to use most/all characters available on tweets requiring many adjustments & edits until done
Yes, but was it on beautiful stuff? B/c we hear that is a-ok!
lol that would be fun and I like a lot! But I'll be in NY a few weeks before. & I think it's the same week as AG
NEVER FORGET...
I hate seeing someone sad :/
damn throwback fa real
hey now. The big bang theory is a good show!
so far... but we want to keep expanding (hint, hint). :) contact us if you're interested...
where are you at
Great! Thanks!
he is criminal through and through! Bad to the bone!
The kid was walking in the parkinglot before first period so teachers saw an yeah lmao. What's ur number nigga
Why is is that all the dudes in the Microsoft Dynamics ads are fat middle-aged slobs?
Joker Phillips had better have a big year at UK. Bobby Petrino will be rested and ready by December. That will teach UL to hire Rick Pitino!
wearing a red sweater today...why not?..
8 year old has arrived in anchorage!!!
Good Day #Albuquerque Let's get printing, T-shirts, Banners, Posters, Business Cards, AND MUCH MORE!!!
#wikipediablackout! This should be interesting.
Dying my hair, then getting ready for tonight. (:
I love tea! Let's do it hehe :P
that was like a complete facebook status. They limit U to 140 characters for a reason lmao.
Those are NICE!
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon that his education and athletics are first priority.
it certainly wasn't easy. I did have my smart phone w/ me, so I wasn't totally disconnected.
A VERDICT HAS BEEN REACHED WITH THE CASEY ANTHONY TRIAL. SHE BETTER BE GUILTY
Morning twitter bugs! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I immediately thought torn ACL. Looked terrible
lil tired playing a lil madden on xbox
There’s something beautiful everyday, you just have to find it.
Happy Birthday to the lovely love you xoxo
hellz yeah my sister just ruined her hair shit was funny ass hell...
Good luck to and the rest of the Bulls as they take on the 76ers today ..
RT : haha this is hilarious The most threatening note about internet access ever left by a 7-year-old child....
After 10 years with my Crackberry I have to finally make the move to an Iphone today. Its gonna be tough! Will I regret this tweeps?
im a broke bitch . all i got is change ,
Are Leaders Born or Made?
Your name must be Karma.. cause your a BITCH.
But isn't it so much more emotionally gratifying (in a self-destructive kinda way) to hold on to a grudge for dear life? {smirk}
got that and LOVE it! I want more :)
My work has been nominated for the 5th year in a row for MSR award for best instructional DVD.If we win it will be 4 consecutive years!
Your ad rank depends on the relevance of the ad and your maximum bid. You're rank = Quality Score * Maximum PPC says
HE'S SO GOOD I CAN'T HANDLE THIS
thank god there's a good reason!
no matter what they are protesting - they have the right to do it without police brutality.
to quote tina fey + amy poehler, "bitches get stuff done." i ONLY work w/bitches, they spark my creativity <3
I'm confused by the use of double negative in that first sentence. You're not saying what you think you're saying.
So much stuff to do...May is turning out to be a busy month..
We can always send more bacon roses?! Hee Hee...
Happy Easter everyone!
Thanks to the for hosting a very productive...and quick board meeting!
O.O ... TOO.MUCH.ELEMENTS!
All good and great things come to an end.....
I will not fear, my God will come through, always!
oh! cutie tootie!
So excited to see + Gracie in t-minus one week!!
told you, it's the best
I believe I did. The boulders food at the spa location has gone from healthy and great to poor tasting and unnappetizing.
This vaca frita I'm eating right now >
possibly depends on availability museum has gone way up in price. Tribute is still a decent price point
Can i please have a shout out? ill return. i really miss miss 1,120 followers:( can someone help me?(:
just, can't find a way to sleep. EVER.
and #NewEra #Cavs I could see them sneaking in the playoffs at the #7 seed!
Sandusky's charity for kids is about as ridiculous as Jeffrey Dahmer having a charity that donates frozen meats.
I love singers.
When I watch European games(especially italian) the stadiums are always rly empty
what'd we win??
The government aids consumer spending, but not your financial growth! I Google it!
A Need for Clarity: My Follows express my interest in the topic. Not agreement. Interesting does not equal agreement or endorsement.
DUKE vs Temple!!!!
So I have summer art projects. c:
lol yes I am! Are you from Omaha?
Come to Annenberg Room 3 TODAY from 12:30- 1:00 to hear about our new study away program in SOUTH AFRICA!!
I also learned, from that article, that three of the top tech entrepreneurs are colorblind. I'm in good company!
welcome to GeoCommons - we've been waiting for you!
I overheard my table talking about their bed to their friends, $16,000 wtfffff
#ThePerfectFan is ALL fans, fans are people who support their inspirations, therefore, ALL of them are perfect.<3 (:
I gotta do what's best for me
Federer one time (bloods over crips, for those watching the match) - it'll be a great start to an awesome week. Med app - almost, vegas ...
I would have like to see singing "skyscraper" I love that song and with her amazing voice #itsmagic :):)
Im already sign up for newsletter its really great
you da beast!
just rub it in why dont ya!
lol okay if I remember. But if anything I have his number my Tia Juanny is asking for u lmao
haha Sam I would do the same thing!!
Im an actress out here in LA. :-)
"Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success" - Sir James Dyson
Rough morning. Feel like the only thing I truly have down to an art is farting.
thank you so much for coming! i'm really happy you enjoyed it. :)
Thanks for the nod for #geniushour chat, but our next one will be June 6, at 8 pm CST. First Wed of the month. Thanks!
I think you got hacked. I got one of those weird "Hey somebody is saying terrible things about you..." DM's from you. Sorry. ):
Love this! It was my mother who introduced me to Dove with their chocolate eggs in my Easter basket.
Blackmon: There are lots of ideas and values that all people agree on. Shared values bring people together, even if they disagree on others
Patrick thank you for adding our post to your family law digest! Let me know if you ever have any questions!
RT : Watch me on today talk about the economics fueling
Shoutout To My New Followers - thanks for the follow. search Lime Fly Photography on Facebook.
Someone on this bus smells like bananas. But nobody near me is eating the official fruit of the primates.
I want to say, just once during a #poker game (in my best NY #Italian accent) "There's no f***in way you got the stugats to call this hand!"
Totally agree...thx 4 the gr8 video too! QT : Great to "meet" our RDI colleagues in the UK and Hong Kong!
“: Chemistry jokes are sodium funny .”
you still lookin for producers?
kanye is a great artist
- then let's hang!
Mane and I'll never get traded. I accepted their offer of peanuts and Thizz for a life contract
I assume Baron Davis' career is over. Can't really see him coming back from a completely torn ACL and MCL and partial patellar tear.
same with the bacc
VHV reduces motor exposures in face of poor pricing in Germany VHV reduces motor exposures in face of poor pricing in Germany. Insurer VH
check the site
9PM 2NITE: w/ & spinning rare SOUL, FUNK, DISCO & R&B vinyl 45s ALL NIGHT! (5972 Baum)
Dinner with cousins at Casbah. Delicious lamb from Elysian Fields (yum!) and a great time catching up.
if i say i'm more tech savvy than the average person, that's not saying much
Is that edge of glory I hear???! :)
Another day, another subbing gig?
Does yours, lol
Sowing seeds for my harvast to come!
that was borderline assault
well done!
#IFIRULEDTHEWORLD I WOULD CHANGE THE SYSTEM BETTER HEALTH CARE N ALL.
wow dude. You know what? *arms outstretched* bring it in..
but she is a brunette of precisely the opposite type to the architect's wife, it is learned, and is a graduate of Vassar college.
Hey hey Christian! How goes??
We'll split the difference and call it the crease between middle and index knuckle.
yeah buddy
#spuarespace..if we win we will donate it to a starving student :) (shameless plea, we never win anything)
join me in following and help spread #humanrights awareness.
man i gotta see if i can get Saturday off work so i can hang out with and
what up homie, How ya feelin today?
Folded to 3k river bet on K229T Note: this tweet is a note to self
Beach House and Best Coast out today with Squarepusher. Many other cool new ones!
Is the charging you rent yet? Ha!
To clarify (I was mobile, now am home) Said at deadline we need 2 dmen and a F. Sticking by that to the end. I still think we need to add!
was so disappointed not to see much in egypt but believe in the people and will go back when things settle.
Why is it so hard to wake up early on weekdays but so hard to sleep in on weekends
Spend 11-11 smoothing away the 11s between your brows. Join us for a day of Botox/Juvederm, receive $100 rebate. Call 866-738-3256.
and Rancho alum! RT : Atta boy making fantasy owners proud!
$AAPL -- near the $1000 price target, will the government break up Apple?
Couldn't ask for a better pass...Nikki Backstrom to Chimera Tied 2....2nd int
Well, cool! I am working 2 connect Chi area nonprofs/nonprof pros. Have a Facebook group that is working. And
#iSwear Oomfs Stay Flauging Me Out . . S M H . . Was Supposed To Come Visit Me .
Fall In Line BITCH.!!!
jess pryde! (should be the only one but if not, the one in dc) look forward to it!
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs*********
SUP. ITS KATIE(:
#ABQ get ready... Some super talented local kids are making a difference with an amazing concert. July 10 6pm Sandia Prep Theater 532 Osuna
Finally stacking some cash up... All quad parts paid for...
#np I want to to be you man
Lavo Brunch rocked time to rally for
i just really know how to piss people off, i guess :l
#supportlocalmusic Live with more double shots of unsigned artists. Check it out.
The AIPAD photography show at the armory is fab! Not too crowded. Julie Saul gallery has an impressive booth.
me too brother me too
dope work bro!
Got out of sleeping in the classiest place ever. A classical music concert
All of a sudden there are so many newfangled traditional media companies for sale. Fools paradise? Bargains? Forget the printing contracts.
DONE WITH THE STUDY GUIDE. Now to actually memorize it!
sitting on the couch with a snuggie sweedish fish a my fav show
Local pres of planned parenthood "thrilled" at komen reversal.
rock n roll never sleeps my dear...
Thank You Damian!
Dropping your phone in a pool<<<<
Is there anybody out there? RT It doesn't matter how many people are following you. It matters who listens to you.
Why is my room so cold right now? ;/
RT : And then there were 0. With Memphis losing, there are now no perfect brackets out of the 6.45 million submitted.
RT "why is it called 4-wheel drive, are you not using all 4 wheels before you turn it on? deep thought? <U+E01B>"
Oh boy, talk about pressure. I'll do my best. Just tell me where and when :)
Welp, u'll have to show us around. LA is happening soon :)
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , we hope you had a great 4th!
The ruling was that clicking a like button is not protected speech because it does not involve words.
your Nuggets are over matched!!!
when i get older #namesformychildren will be girls: ariana, katie, peyton, skyler, penny page summer boys: all #BTR boy names and more
how are all these females doing these advertisment for twitter, or on twitter, how do people get payed for the advertisments they do
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - "What I Love About America"
yes! #TeamMahone all the way! #TeamSwift too! (:
It's official: #MissoniforTarget is going to cost me a few grand.
wth. <U+E40B> somebody help that poor kid.
heey it would make me feel as good as you do if you tweeted me/:
Cool, nice Saber and Salem and Curtis! Plus gotta love elephants.
gl today!
Happy Halloween all you kinky perverts out there!!
Heading fir the barn cash game winners
Follow my girlfriend on Instagram,
these damn flies are killing me!!!
I don't think my mom realizes how fast tickets sell out...
"Gully" Video Coming Soon Look out for it TSE
lmao not exactly.
Live life like it's worth living!!!!
Yes! Yes I do!
What is up with people saying, "That's perfect, except ___." Something can't be almost perfect.
RT : Good morning to everyone
Wasted Wednesday in full effect! Followers show this tweet to a bartender for a FREE Shot!
who is this guy you 2 speak of? he seems to be someone I should to talk to for advise.
not looking even for clean. Just something as carefully wrought as the introductory scenes.
i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate
at Buffalo wild wings w and is playn "outta control"
I'm sure but I can only go to live tennis in the summer! I may have to find a way to get there
! RT Will give interview to CNN tomorrow
getting ready for St. Paul's back-to-school sale .... 1-4 pm TODAY - 4427 Franklin Blvd
He must hate the troops.
Tearing a page from the electoral fraud playbook?
Kawhi Me Maybe?
Thanks for following back, Gerry! Looking forward to your tweets.
Not much intl attention b4 1/25. Most probs Egyptian. FB events is a unique medium -- allows invitees to know others will show
I'd participate in the bellydance lesson, but my abs of steel don't move very much. ::cough:: ;D
Yea, this is pretty sick. It's a nice idea.
If it's not fun, if it's not simple, and if it doesn't make a difference, it's not part of our business model... period.
Just posted the January issue of the Ruby for Women magazine on my page at Bloggy Moms! Stop by and take a peek ;o)
Ah you dont even know!(:
2012 is the year of the Marina on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown. Mark my words.
An honest man is always a child. ~Socrates
About to watch this Mayweather fight!!
Happy Tuesday everyone
Rode w my brother into the hood where he's working on roofs and see someone pull out from their $20k house in a new Lexus
1 yr anniversary of passing of my beloved&my daughter's father,Rock&Roll& R&B hall of famer, Johnnie Carter, Dells&Flamingos.We miss him
want a weekend got in trouble hopefully now moving back in with my niece :) not getting along with my parnets now
I feel bad that I didn't make one for dads. Mainly cause I havnt seen nor spoken to my dad in 3 years and he lives 10 min away
Welcome to the #LincolnPark #Chamber !
glad you liked it! Richard labored long and hard on that one!
thanks I will check it out.
Going to get #drunk on #tea!!! Eeeeepiiee!! Love
#worstsongever : only exception. HATE IT!
throat status- hurty. but with awesome ariel shaped company. happiness is a painting your best friends nails.
Check out the MyHeartMap Challenge Winner Update on Sanjay Gupta MD this Saturday at 430p EST and Sunday at 730a EST
Europe close: Apple results ripple through European markets
i will lolol
Type "zerg rush" into google and see what happens. :)
remember when it was just us 2 eating a funnel cake at disneyland for vals birthday? Lol
Give it to me flaws and all as long as you can accept mines we can make this thing work in time
Today is amazing.
Eldrad, Sanginary Guard, Grey Hunters, Hellions, Long Fangs.
nf follow back
you don't reply to everyone... Help out a fan and give a shout out,I'm in a drought I almost have as many followers as you
definitely made headway planning! Thanks!!!
long fuckin day.
Actually it's 0.476 cents a song, but who's calculating?
I heart Dirk Nowitzki
Lecrae's "Church Clothes" is going to open some eyes..
Love & Hugs To You
Ritee She Most Likely Is Cuz She Don't Care Where I Transfer ...What Ya Mom Gonna Say
is my hero....can I be auntie b? ;) loves to you guys! Congrats!
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mamas :) xx
Current students: have a friend or co-worker on the fence about enrolling? Tell him or her to call Charlene at 1-617-603-6942! Start Monday!
#ShitMyBrotherSays - There has been A Lot more people camping this year, than going on vacation. Me: where did u get that info at?....
Holding breath! Judging coming up on #Star Fingers crossed for
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly.-- Mabel Newcomber
I believe he is here because he cares. We just need to bring him around.
time zones are so overrated.
I'm so fucking hungry but I can't eat anything.
NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!! hmph!
Ad: Chun and I stepped into Zegna in Vegas. I can see why your love affair started. Almost walked out $2k poorer w/ a new suit
“: The state of Kentucky is about to experience the full force of the ESPN hype machine. Get ready.”>>Nothing new.
have a good weekend my friend!
Javier Colon now Jermaine Paul.... What the.. Where are the women
does that say 'hot asians' on it? cause swag cant describe something w/ 'asian' on it. personal experience.
Rahall: dismiss the rhetoric that is coming and look at Tomblin's record annual
moldy doughnut fuzz maybe?
“ #NextStupidRealityShow justin bieber looks for a girlfriend and its called do you beleib in love...”lmaoooo
Its time to take my relationship serious I'm trying to settle down with her as my life long partner
yes he liked him a lot as a freshman. Had much respect for him.
I feel you lol.
Thank you for joining my Crew! I'll send your pins asap.
when you put stuff in the storage you realize u have alot of stuff
YES!! RT: ive probably said this before..but i LOVE the share button! makes putting pics on facebook SO much easier <3 :)
Hanging out for a queens tour tomorrow
RT : Thanks Oh, and I have beard envy #awssummit (I don't think we have a cloud beard service yet... ElasticBeanBeard!)
I just turned on the tv and bam, Mortal Kombat was on.
GAWD FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I really hope Pacman steps up to the plate and beats Mayweather.
Ass in seat para 's secret flick - which I've heard might be ZAPPED! ¡Viva Chachi!
I miss you too!!!!! We need a date night ASAP!!!!
Happy Saturday soccer fans! It's a great day to be out on the soccer field!
Stuffed!! I'll find room for dessert~
How do you miss three intentional fouls in the same play
It's not a record just about your first love, but it's about what happens to you in the years following that.
black vampire... Hmm
There is nothing more wonderful than sitting still, watching the sun set over the ocean. Cheryl Carr
Back in my room preparing to go to NAPA for the 2012 OCM Bocas Lit Prize... Yep, I'm running late. Bye
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Fort Worth!
Need help for a blog post if you had to describe me in one word it would be_____? or DM me if you like.
People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness.
Now sitting in mcdonalds, alone. :(
what is wired and a lot less funny is when people tweet the same thing over and over again it is like a Broken Record
MAMP isn't irrelevant, a great piece of software & does a specific job well, e.g. managing mult. Drupal dev sites . cc /
you're an asshole..... this is why i'm dating you though. i'm also dating you for the sex. the sex is nice.
follow back? ;)
Going to bed.
It says "Imagine your parents telling you they have surprise on your birthday..and 1D walks into your room" !!!! OMMGGGG
Got it. Thanks! We've started following you too :)
Did they? :( I knew three people left but I saw their post saying they weren't breaking up completely. Aw man D:
Pssst... guess what? you're awesome.
hey, thanks
If my man wanted a show I'd give it to em front & center.
Took the dog walking in the snow. She liked it.. got all covered in it and happily licked it off the ground...
is represented.
You just a temporary hoe ...
Baby please try to forgive me... Continue the lyrics if u know it
It's been far too long since you've said that you love me, maybe you just don't and that is my reality now.
Lost all respect for Roger Goodell today. Attacking the best organization in football for PLAYING FOOTBALL.
NoDaysOff_ATC Get for yourself an walmart coupon. Everything you have to do is answer walmart's question! See my profile website!
everytime i see in his music videos i cry a little .... in the inside lol >.<
Me, My Kid, N Wendy's Chocolate Frosty!!
you posted a url for the SXSW panel .... is it right?
one of the smartest realisation in our life's part is to recognise the devil and use his horn as our walking stick.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a wonderful, safe weekend!
Life hard I'm harder
My best friend is insane. thats why i relate to her. AND NO I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT YOU MARIA! Haha jk jk jk!!!!
Cheat & Eat ; That's The Motto Around These Parks !
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. Arthur Schopenhauer
thank you so much! Amazing.
I've got some great mixes for you all tonight. Main floor of will be crazy.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. Peter Marshall
#libchat "Content categorization: online-personal-storage" (we don't allow thumb drives either) ...
Disney on Broadway Earns 16 Tony Award Nominations | The ...
Awww! Clean kitties.
If u r a golf fan n live in LA, check out the Northern Trust Open at the Riviera Country Club n Pacific Palisades going on now until Sunday.
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
Have a Hapy New Year!
He Just a Baby Boy
| Great way 2 start wk w/excellent connectors!
thats sick brotha get me a meet n greet!
Oooohhhhhh Banana-how everyone loved you today...... Until tomorrow...
<U+2665><U+2661><U+2665><U+2661> TY RT well since I'm up I'd like to say good morning to wishin her a beautiful Friday & weekend to come.
Just gave Tim Gunn an uncool double take as I walked by him on Amsterdam Ave & 89th. You're supposed to pretend you don't care.
not to bust in on your bush question, but it looks like nandina.
Give Lacee a break. We all have to start somewhere.
Hey , just noticed the link on your blog- thanks!! :) I need to make more time for mine... Also, I LOVE VT's covered bridges!
Roll Call. Who's going to E3?
Sore throat, headache, fever and 4 IEP meetings tomorrow. Should be a fun day.
What Did You Do ? Un-Follow Me Then Decide To Follow Me Again ? xD
Our KidZui Blog is geared toward parents, since parents are usually the ones who research and download KidZui.
Just signed contract at Imperial Theatre in August, GA for show on Thurs, APR 12th. Journey begins to fill 840 seats. If u r there...
I paid back all my student loans too, took a long time, plus worked FT thru college, only way. Yeah, yeah, tune the violins ;-)
Small businesses need the same thing as big businesses...more business! Well said Hector Barreto, Latino Coalition
relics for sure. How do you pick just one?
Thank you for the shoutout
No worse then the people I drive by every day on the streets.
that sounds like a personal problem..
I thought was Puerto Rican.
I like your statement better than mine: my favorite experimental music reveals the simple in the complex.
anyone else as obsessed with the scene in Step Brothers were they sing "Sweet Child of Mine" in the car... i laugh soo much at that part :)
oh man totally
RT : I'd like to think we will move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
I meant go after him with Updyke-type move! Poor guy!
Oh, Boy Meets World, you're such a good show.
The 30-year-old graded stakes-winning son of Bailjumper was euthanized due to the infirmities of old age....
We can't wait to see you + your guests. RT : Sweet, 3 tickets to Now who should I take...? and....
Thank you !!
vitamin c overload!! I feel something going on
Seriously, who farted?
Let's make this comeback Atlanta
"If everyone WHO follows..." Seriously though, you are one of the best on Twitter, & 30 Rock is outstanding
What's a little DUI on the way to gobble fries with a "friend"? And that playful punch? Total misunderstanding!!
Haha I've only changed mine once.
and u didnt give it to him? lol
what's good. I see the success you got poppin in yo area.
RT : Consumers are visual. They want data at their finger tips. Mobile is the only way to deliver this, 24/7.
u welcome
It is #RHONJ time!!
