tell me about it
YES! Thanks for smushing my face w/ ur fingertip! Where can I see results? -JW
Rough loss by the #Eagles last night; Chances for you to get back on the #winning side coming soon. starts TOMORROW!
When your phone is about to die and your not near your charger>>
Eric Cooper and Dino in Long Beach, CA together HS Hoops look out LOL
I'm ready for you.
I'd love to, but only if we can talk about the Patriots foolishly underutilizing the best football player ever
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen this psych final tomorrow.
cost of education rising way faster than incomes but your opinion is just "meh, accept it & stop complaining?" cc
thanks my girl!! Lol
I sneak up behind u,grab u by the neck then lick the side if ur face.Pull ur pants down,bend u over,panties 2the side & fuck the shit out u!
": I need a girl with moe class den teachers" As in the bar tender from #thesimpsons?
I'm back in bed. Working tonight is gonna be unreal. I need sleep!! : )
Procrastination: the topic today on my Leadership Inside and Out Coaching Circle. Next week: money. Making more and being friends with it!
page 6. My bad. Not sure how I will sleep tonight.
see you there
Chi-Town fam.
u are full of sass tonight
"having" is always so much more enjoyable! :)
def forgot about lunch today
if you want to you can
My granma just be calling my grandad when he be by my mama's . Lmao .. He be snapping
Look at Uniteds face!
Sometimes you gotta accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they use to be.
it won't work from my iPhone so yea lap top will have to do
"Family planning is coming back in vogue," discussing the importance of family planning and population.
When guys say Lol<<<
Just because I'm not talking, doesn't mean that I'm in a bad mood. Sometimes I just want you to be the one to start the conversation.
Heat fans don't exist until the team is winning. When the chips are down they retreat into their holes.
subbing in for DJ FREDX tonight. Ready...set...get down.
“: Despite the loss... the + ACB tailgate, match, and tacos at Bananas was a REALLY great time. #RCTID #LAaway” yup
Going to take myself out on a study date soon to Starbucks<3
Meant to say last Sunday that did a great job at the Rumble . All those 3 amigos ! Great props to your Uncle Eddie !
I have an overstock of Watkins cookie mixes at my home , if interested to buy email me ok, $5.00 each free shipping in USA, Shortbread Mix
My eyes have been puffy all day..
"loved by many, im still lonely"
where's the protest now?
follow pretty please!
Come visit at
I'm just a SUCKA for ur LOVE!!! *hearts*
The road to riches I see the yellow brick Road
Bitter Sweet Symphony.
Hey guess what... I LOVE U!
Utah Jazz, #8 seed...u chased it. San Antonio Spurs ERASED it! #SWEEP!! #OnToTheNextRound! #GoSpursGo!
I'm gonna get you get you drunk, get you drunk on my lady hump. my hump. my hump. my lovely lady hump.
Your so freaking desperate , just stop . Being single ain't that bad !
Watching it rain. What a motivation killer. Need to be working.
Just got back from Trader Joe's. Nostalgia music still going. And there's a nasty smell in my fridge. Ah, bachelor life..
I love
congrats on the pick up...I love the show
Going over castings.
I hate the cold!! Anything under 60 is to cold for me
Just got new shoes!
you can stop by any time.
I think I should make it to my 900 tweet tonight!
I'll be doing some "jousting" on Good Morning San Diego this morning. If you can't watch on TV you can watch live streaming at kusi dot com
Me is who I am and nobody can change that.<U+E056><U+E00E>
yes yes pleasee! i am already planning my birthday gift for you :)
Today, one of those days the universe reminds me I did the right thing.
Awesome by-product of last night's Beef Short Ribs is the bag of delicious bones in my freezer for the pup!
It came from the description of him in the newspaper article.
Defense: Love told friend, relationship w/#Huguely was fine days before her death, "George was just acting crazy".
": Niggas be trynna play ppl on twitter i swear! lol" (u couldnt have said it better)
Norfolk State!!!!
oh great!!! Thank you!! I'm still working on that for you :) but thanks for this one!
Its good mood food.
EVERYBODY..CHECKOUT ABOVE THE NATURAL-FIGURE ME OUT...ON YOUTUBE NOW!!!AMAZING RAPPER......
Now she needs to make a sex tape with me so we can claim it got stolen, sue someone and get paid to release it
My shiny teeth sparkle just like the stars in space...
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Verb got bodied?
LOL; right. Safeway only had scrawny little beets left. Gotta go back in the next day or two:) Beets rock!
I've had Same Song and Dance stuck in my head all day.
but have you done it again?
Goodnight World ... Much love
huge news! Congrats!!!
We all blame you. ;-)
NSAI is so great to us interns. For our last week of the semester, we had a wonderful lunch with some really funny convo!
sorry I tweeted from Mariselas account :b
That is one important cat!
Mavis Staples - Wade In The Water - 05:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Searching my movie archives for clips of CNN cutting away after O clinched & promised to stop ocean rise.
RT : I have it on good authority that you could hear the roar well into the NW neighborhood.
hi i miss you come back into my life, lets ichat son k cool :) See i hit you up!
Ended the night with
Reading old "love" letters can be a VERY interesting experience.
She was wearing Nike air force 1's lol... What a dummy
My sister doesn't go to work until 3, but she said she doesn't have time to go help me get job applications.. Ugh.
hey i love you so much <3
George Bush's namesake Houston airport #Fail Wifi doesn't work. They need some strategery here to fix it. And the flight's delayed +1.
is ready for some football!
He say he like my SWAG but he in LOVE with my SEX i say i like yo FACE but im in LOVE with Yo NECK
celeste kinginger at #icc2012 with a practical need to understand meaning <-> form in linguistics: to know if you are being flirted with.
good point. Can hire someone to cover business weaknesses. Can't hire someone to do your burpees for you.
In the stock markets. off come the gloves. Game on for the shorts now that the quarter ending influence is over. No new necessary
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
a writers guide to fiction by elizabeth lyon
my stress level just shot up!! these teachers with their papers and exams are gonna give me a heart attack
I still have to give that show a go. Catch up online this summer maybe.
thought about it....gonna cool off nice later though, hoping I got some chicken left in the freezer
How bout them reds
does he wear flannel everyday too? :-)
yay i have people following me... :)
Hey tweets, avoid I-95 north bound south of 112. It's a parking lot.
Buy some tickets from us for Wednesday's show!!!! We gots plenty to sell!!!!!
I'm watching G.I. Joe: The Rise Of COBRA. Why?!?!
Living Young Wild & Free <U+2665>
I'd like to see an alliance of houses #Stark and #Atreides. I think that'd be pretty rad. The #Harkonnens and #Lannisters can suck it.
shit over here gettin to the money and workin on this music! wen u get back ?
All Monney isen't Good Money. It's Like Loyalty, It's Very Hard to Come By.
Thanks for the follow guys ;o)
that traffic was nuts.. we cut up Glenwood to roach way
OMG! I'm afraid of them -dont make it worse. RT I have friend who went to ER because bug crawled in his ear & wouldn't come out
I dig it!
All over FB. :)
Loved your presentation at #getradical this weekend!
haha what makes you say that?
Hey, that's MY banana
where are you Ms simmons
U gotta be very careful today is Friday the 13th
great season thanks.
Westfield targets 'middle ground' with launch of 'Hospital Treatment Insurance' HTI could develop 'new market' between cash plans and PMI
"U ain't neva met Martin Lutha the King". Lol Hands down!
organization of info hmwk finally makes sense after... 10 hours. thank you,
3 hours until the Avengers... #stoked doesn't begin to describe how I'm feeling
Welcome to twitter! Liver from pastured animals are delicious and healthy!
Yay, good. :D I won't get in your way!
Sick wife and a sick dog....got to keep the kids healthy, or it isn't going to be much of a weekend!
Yes, Omaha gets expansion team in Lingerie Football League-will play 2 game home schedule spring 2013 fans asked to suggest team names
Contact Ohio Special Services Group today for your Investigation & Protective Services needs. "Free" initial consultation.
Songs I have been stuck on today: theme to "Sanford & Son," and "Baby on Board" by Homer Simpson & the Be Sharps. Explanations?
Bledsoe is taking some awful shots right now. Let's go #grizz!
Purp Purp Purp Purp Yea You Know I Got That Purp, Got That OG Girl Scout Cookie n Cherry Pie, No Not Desert ;)
you play on Xbox?
Now this is a storm #wacoweather <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2601><U+2601><U+2601>
Stevie is about make me loose it!!!!! And he hasn't even started singing yet :(
awesome shit huh?
Cash for candy window display planning... Nov. 2 Monday
what is your nationality?
Shop there..
you got some pornos I can watch ? hahaha . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#newfacebook the only good thing is the bigger pictures other than that i now have over 200 people on chat.and the ticker makes me dizzy
I want to be cool enough to be ranked.
what does that mean? Haha
you're killing me! My flight on the way to Chicago was cancelled, and my flight back to Minneapolis was delayed two hours. What's up?
I no longer hate Kansas fans. They are actually very gracious in defeat. My new enemy? OSU fans. Hater upon haters upon haters.
Now that you mention it...
ME EITHER! Its going to be so fun (: We can jam to One Direction all the way there!
email sent!
lmfao the dancing lobsters!!
That pony will be the centerpiece of my trophy .... RT While you're dreaming I'd like a pony...
GREAT MORNING!!! :) "A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity!" ~Buddha
Hope everyone had a great New Year's! We will be closed today & tomorrow. We will reopen on Tuesday with normal hours
Nothing more true! We often forget that. <U+2661>
Employers asking for your facebook password in an interview? I would RUN!
.. what's good bro??
So I don't SPAM y'all from my main account, follow me here for the latest on #jamberrynails!
Or maybe they prefer things over LOVE. Either way, its sad.
Yes it is! The funny thing is the same speech therapist that told me he was done is working with him again!!!
Really don't want to go back to waking up at 6 every morning ... #summer2012 where ya at?
I NEVER BEEN THA TYPE TO RUN MY MOUTH IM THE KING OV THA CASTLE BITCH I RUN MY HOUSE
We need to discuss where your priorities are at!
Good evening ladies & gents.
Me & hannah singing call me maybe in our tight dresses? Hahaha oh these teachers are gonna be glad were leavin!
Frolik is getting the GWG tonight. He just is.
A big shout out to the hard of hearing!!!
hey can you hook me up i gotta group n we ready to make sum music can u help?
Spent all night watching season 6 of Dexter. Now I need to watch the first 5 seasons...
I hate the time difference between the USA and the UK, and most mahomies are sleeping still:')
Do you think one of the Gronkowski brothers might have SB46 tickets? Maybe I'll beg one of them.
You're right! The sun is wonderful in the winter, unless you're driving, then it's right in your eyes. Lol
Oh, girl, you know I already set my alarm and found a route to the roof.
Sorry about that guys. It happens.
"There’s no such thing as fate, nothing is meant to be...coincidence, that’s all anything ever is, nothing more than coincidence..."
Robert Southey~ Not where I breathe but where I love I live Not where I love but where I am I die.
Damn right. Everybody needs some #NatalieMerchant in their lives.
Regardless of what happens tonight, it's been a hell of a season. Can't wait for next year. Big 12. New Amon G. Carter Stadium. GO FROGS!
$100 says they don't... playoff mode right now, warriors are evaluating their squad for next year plus playing a back to back..
Charles De Gaulle~ In politics it is necessary either to betray ones country of the electorate. I prefer to betray the electorate.
yoga this morning.
Live in #NYC ? Meet our #lawSchool #admissions reps TODAY 12-5pm at law forum at NY Hilton at 1335 Ave of Americas.
Time to start working on that beach body! $29 for 1 Month of Unlimited Classes at RdaMatta Fitness ($100 Value)
lol! Senior moments! :)
i freaking love the picture of you and Haley :") <U+2665>
Tom Morello takes the stage to play a song he wrote after Madison Wisconsin capitol occupation.
what goes through people's mind when the coach says "you got Kobe"?
yyyaaayyy I loved the #BigTimeParty!! Great show
R.I.P. Author Maurice Sendak. My sons will be introduced to your books. One of Brooklyn's finest.
Hey, are you coming over for matzoh balls tonight?
I believe in grumbling; it is the politest form of fighting known. - Edgar Watson Howe
just heard chucho valdes has a new release this fall on emi. it's been years since we've been graced with some new music from this master.
Without my mothers influence I wouldn't love life and chocolate so much.
Gotta think Sean McDonough would rather have his pal Jerry Remy in the booth tonight even if he doesn't know football
Those English football players just said something to Hollie that I totally didn't understand.
MUST FOLLOW ALERT! >>>>
off to the alcohols store with
why cant boxing day be every day >:C
Just me and iPhone and headphones.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> you are so mean! That poor child!
The voicemail he just left me :D >>>
agreed. It was hard to follow
I get that but would they use the N word? It's all hate speech. Could they not have typed F** or F*G ?
Excellent, something to watch together! :)
SO GLAD IT IS FRIDAY<3
Good Poem! Follow Me!? : )
Don't forget - Navigation clinic tonight at Westerville. Only $5 to learn the basics of map and compass use.
THEY BETTER HELP PERKINS
i have my icon but there is other pics too.
The Girl used the movie to practice for her recital. That is a mini beast. I was impressed.
Had to see what all the ... was about, natch! If it looks like twitter, acts like twitter, etc etc.
music Coffee and Tea is too great not to tweet about. Africa by Toto, now Borderline by Madonna
New CandySwipe game update available on the Android Market: Fixed; score displayed on game over screen even when there is no high score
Good for the #BlueJays signing Vlad Guerrero to a Minor League deal. If he can hit (which he can) should provide a good bat in the lineup.
I don't make them but I'll share the tweet/link so everyone could know! :)
Wisdom is the quality that keeps you from getting into situations where you need it. ~ Doug Larson
Watching Australian open, nice win for Andy Murray / v Llodra, good form and in interview!
Can i text someone who is not short answered? :P please? :P
Getting ready with a few local #DC #volunteers to feed the #hungry & #homeless. We open at 8:30a-11a Mon-Fri. See some1 in need? Tell them!
just ordered ur stitched "Poker Fish" hat
If you got a track with a open verse send it too me.
term project
Tmobiles 4G must be short for ( 4Get about your connection ) You suck Tmobile!
there many facets to wat makes me me, but wats paramount, wat has the most influence in my life is Gods living word.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!5
DDOT service change made by Bing Admin decision. Monday 10am Admin & DDOT officials will be at Council table to share why.
Im so
q7: Sneaking off in my Grandma's attic to read Night Kitchen, even though I totally didn't have to. Bet she got a kick out of that.
MVP of the Colts draft party: Just killed it on the jumbotron.
Hoda, Kathie Lee, and Delilah, at Pike's Place Market. Great show.
Follow me (:
Butterflies? I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when i see you. <333
I HATE being the first one to always start the conversation.
That's a long long ride
Econ prof using a cigar box to hold his whiteboard markers.
Where did you get it from? Did you call someone at your alma mater, or somewhere else?
Queen of multi-tasking...except when I accidentally send a wedding related email to a venue booker!
still not even home. I don't think I'm gonna make it. How long are you staying.
No Meetup Thursday. Crew is in NY for Pitch.
Seriously, that was probably the best Laker win in two seasons that I can recall.
Whosever idea it was to make DVD players built into tvs should be fired from life.
The Pineda for Montero trade is on the verge of being one of the most disastrous trades in Yankee history
I'm considering it. I just don't know where to go.
Bynum yelled YOLO, shot a three and got benched haha.
We run the night. ~
¦ I honestly think it damages my psyche to read online comment sections. Representing the worst of society.
Baahaha This year, the Oscars took me by surprise. I didn't make any! :/
What up doe?
Happy Mothers Day to your Mom!:)<U+2764>
I'm used to lots of #bullies. Still, I don't like that.
Martin Luther: "Lord, blind from me my progress."
Thanks for the RT!
cool feature in the podpress plug in= you can preset the volume your podcast will play at for the user. sweet!
Funny, I thought that winter was over, guess not. Maybe next year.
When I was younger, I’d type random letters very quickly on the keyboard and pretend to be like my Mom or Dad :D
Why do apt complexes think its ok for black pool chairs? Hello we are in Texas it's hot as balls
ryan's on the g-tar. julian's on the pencil, i'm on the mac, and matt's on the other mac.
I should not be allowed to have scissors. Among other things. But mostly scissors.
Yes, it is well-done enough for me
If it's Wednesday it's got to be HOMAGROWN Stinson Showcase at Whiskey Chicks with ACM! And of course - The #Thunder Game!
have a good show tomorrow. Get a pic w/ holographic tupac, if he appears.
Wifi @ #cildc keynote is so redonkulously overloaded that I gave my iPad to use as a table for his bluetooth keyboard.
Finally convinced my mom to buy my board, just need to wait for her to get paid :P
Thanks for being a Truth Seeker!
#Watching The Voice! is gonna perform! ^_^
He wrote me a love letter i think hes falling for me Cheergirl<333
adorable <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>miss you, let's get pizza hit ASAP
When youre lost and youre tired, when youre broken in two. let my love take you higher, cause i still #TurnToYou <3
Let's go Bubba!
Everyone is getting hacked. Please make ur passwords longer. Lol. Just got another "ppl r talking bad about u" dm. Lol! "/ ugh...
lol forget that
I extremely dislike how my friends are friends with my ex.
Don't worry we will throw down here soon
Been swamped getting organized - moved to San Miguel for the winter; just catching up. Can you ship those cheesecakes?
You can check me at out on YouTube.com!
Yes! The time for focusing is over, all work completed...Now it's time to start the weekend! Have a wonderful Holiday weekend everyone! :-)
Stress Tip 728 advance preparation & planning can prevent a great deal of stress
's Luis Arroyo: protecting trade secrets in Wis. is about reasonable efforts. Not Fort Knox efforts.
Audrea - get ahold of me tomorrow for your tickets!
hahaha love it! WHOOHOOO to the 9 day countdown! Get it girl!
I haven't smoked a cigarette in two years now. But today I bought a pack. Just in case.
Congrats to on the new gig at the Herald. One of the best follows for everything #Patriots!
omg i saw u lastnight!! <33 the baby pics were soo cute!
Social media monitoring tools help you listen, measure, engage and discover what’s happening with your brand online.
I go every Sunday
Are U On Ur Computer Or Phone?
Left is Right | Driving the market from the marketplace of ideas - Washington Times
<3 ": ": #MentionTo someone who you want to live with." lolol :D"
Yes, those are incredible pictures!
I hate being this awkwardly tall.
Happy 60-Day Anniversary !!!
So, is it cheaper for taxpayers to have a council vote or for taxpayers to pay for it through the ballot?
#NATIONALCHAMPIONSHIPUK is great, there is no doubt, but KU .I would watch out for them. Either way, this is going to be a great game.
Loving and his team on #TheVoice! Heartache tonight is a classic!!
hi Ms Coco. This is Jay from facebooK. We talk about the business
Gotta play the Canadian COOP all week! Hopefully something big will come out of it!
Mann my spring break has been awesome!!!!!!<3
yep.... Would ask your age but don't want to put mine out...and I could take it but please don't hurt me<U+E405>
JUJU YOU ARE ONE FLAWLESS MOFO
hello sweetie:) are you good?
Researching chapter 3 and heartened by how direct and unpretentious sounds in interviews. No wonder she's a star!
Affordable Moving company services for commercial and residential. Inquire from us for more info.
Love is not to be purchased, and affection has no price.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other. ~Robert F Kennedy
Happy birthday!!!
MKE...and The Chickens and me will miss you, and too. :)
The only thing I am buying today is some peace of mind
toast is for closers.
Damn iM extra Late 4 Skool
My computer is demonstrating cool DH projects while I sit here tweeting on my phone! :-)
Adopting a daughter YAY!! Boo! Her mom has heart cancer and her mom picked me over some woman YAY so happy.
wanna go to th park?
You need Jesus honey, gain some intelligence....and class
Guys, I think Battles broke this whole pink slime story when they released 'Glass Drop'.
best kind of accent: Fargo
Literally got hit with my first April fool's joke at 12:01. I better buckle up, looks like this one is going to be wild.
Where did you first hear about the concept of #coworking?
You can talk shit behind her back? You badass.
Welcome to Twitter. It's Michal :)
'habitat' image in by Naomi Harris for New York State
Brokenness is a a twofold problem with one solution. The Father is the master repairman. You cannot be fixed by anyone better!
wear reflective clothing
Don't be surprised to see Corey Hart start at 1B for the #Brewers today. Gamel still sore & Astros start a lefty. Hart took balls yest in BP
Your so sweet my tweeter!!! Lol
Meant to mention it last Thursday RT Man, I'm about to get all jacked up on another Seth Godin book. Watch out
back on the twitter train! ep's coming out in two months or so! there are 4 shows booked! life is good.
I will be working at Camp Poyntelle Lewis Village this summer as the assistant art director!
Note to self: don't watch Top Chef, Masterchef, Next Food Network Star, etc. right after dinner. I'm hungry all over again!!!
All I know are goodbyes nowadays.
Yep. Meant Nest. They do have a back room, but no windows. I need that natural light.
Hey , I'm stealing your grandma. She's my grandma now!
Off work headed home for the night Can't wait to advance though the gig got me feeling like I'm on autopilot
Waited for the good weather in Seattle to head for DC
so today my dad (817 months) caught 4 innings at Pirate City with Maz as his coach & my son (19 months) said first sentence: Throw the ball
the best starts.. are almost the hardest ones .. keep running, not running away
Bahaha your feet smell like old vinegar.
Wowww you would bring that up!!! you are the one that sais "something you make pancakes with " ahaha
Appreciate it! Did you have a chance to check out the music?
I see it...passed on the idea to other teachers...
Starting off Association of Midwest Museums conference with a model making workshop. I spy foam core and markers. #Heaven!
Your link does not work..
first bench points of the night?
say no mo I dont waste time thats too time consuming...
Wet so wet....green grass on a rainy day!!!! Lol
Chris brown sexy butt is so cute...um wth is up with his suit..lmao but work it chris....He killed it
wait Heather makes "mistakes"? I have never noticed! That just can't be, recheck your notes?LOL
so glad they went back to their old uni. Such a classic.
definitely!! come party it up in south florida! :)
I LOVE YOU BUT I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU.
TV: RT : Wonder if folks in NY would be interested in LITAcamp @ #nyla10 in Nov?
Thoose pizza hut commercials where people sing, are so annoying
Haha how do you think I feel???
It's far too hot in my room..
I know where that is. I've only been there once or twice though.
I feel like our worlds been infected, & somehow you've left me neglected.
“: The Padres are calling up Randy Jones.” OH MY, COME ON PADRES! <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
i was told to fight her LOL
thanks for the RT! have a great week and
Sorta misleading tweet. By "stories" killed you mean stories about their children, not about, say Iraq or health care.
#riseofindies : #coworking spaces can be professional, technical, and emotional support communities.
#read #Jesus Psalm 25:14 The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him; and he will shew them his covenant.
On the stupid bus!
can't believe I missed seeing that when I walked by. That's awesome
How the fuck that happen
Are you caring for a senior? & hosting resource seminar in Rancho Bernardo tomorrow morning.
it seems like a really bad strategy to me. Donor fatigue & loss of listeners IMHO
the nigga hate seeing anyone else happy. That's y he be after his homies women. Smh yous a sucks hating ass Shiit
omfg I love pasta.
this old school onion text is phenomenal! and printed in salem, too! #ilovewhen kayleigh finds me gems :)
on your radio now and giving away 4 packs of tickets to the
What's everyone's plans for Friday the 13th? I'm going on a hetero date with for a double feature of The Raid and Cabin!
Interested to see what happens at this press conference in Brazil @ 7a today w/ Chael and Anderson. My prediction: fight is moving to Vegas.
because I'll be so happy if I go!
I could use one of those pills from the movie
lol my bad.I wasnt following you till now ahh
It isn't nearly as obvious on video as it was in person. Yay editing ftw! Turned out great!
It feels good to be back
"Surprise is the opposite of predictability. But, to be satisfying, surprise must be "post-dictable."
Perfect! Or, The Girl with the Tullamore Dew Tattoo. Which I don't have yet, but anything to market!
or in jail.
Fiber and cholesterol are arch enemies (think, Superman and kryptonite) so the more fiber you eat, the lower your cholesterol levels.
Rest in Peace, Steve Jobs and Rev. Shuttlesworth, the world has lost some true visionaries....
It’s good to do uncomfortable things. It’s weight training for life. ~ Anne Lamott
Happy halloween!
Somebody tell us, is the DC government shutting down if Congress doesn't act tomorrow?
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña final comments "we need to impulse retirement, unemployment insurance, have public education include HS...
trust me I can't wait to get outta this city lol
Ohh plzz let friday come soon, 49 degrees... can ya get much higher???
Just live your life....
So true. **grins**
The project that most scares you is the project you need to do first.
Good one. My husband laughed really hard. #what's thatsupposedtomean?
ScribeModerne respects client confidentiality. Whatever we learn about your business stays between us!
miss u
New song arriving soon...so excited!'n
My mother is a happy soul!
My dads work is boring! But the wait will be worth it
No response, thanks.
a fan from germany said that a magazine called 'Bravo' said that justin and I had sex :O
I can usually judge a fellow by what he laughs at.
Hold down the option key as you empty the trash from either the Finder menu or while pressing shift/alt/delete keys.
To establish ourselves in the world we do everything to appear as if we were established
AT&T network says I have full 3G signal right now. AT&T network lies like a politician.
If the purpose of a system is to make it usefull, completeness may be more of a political argument and less about its utility. The engineer
Reading contracts on a Sunday. Does it get any better than this? :)
Watching sobbing. What amazing stories of people helping each other.
I think you and I might need a Pinterest intervention...
Julie Massello, welcome!
4 hours until Kickoff....Plenty of time for a workout!!!
New research results: longitudinal study of ? types & accuracy in virtual ref.
the feeling's mutual girl! and I want to go to that store ;) “: love chatting with you :p”
I thought I liked The Decemberists. For about a minute.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
so... where can I find these cookies?
If you coming to Chicago for the Weekend make sure to stop and see us. You will love it. Mention the tweet to get 15%
Also dont forget to like the Hard Rock page also. It is a part of the voting. Thanks!
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.”
All the extraness gotta goo
And I think I agree too. Would you?
Why in the world would you trend #/StopHateOnNiall? What if he sees it, he's gonna want to know why it's trending.
She always get 's jealous, but it's only because shes afraid to lose you.
Staying Home Today > Not Seeing My Bestfriends < Being With My Mommy > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>
Nothing comes after love but pain
Is the crowd giving Ryback a GOLDBERG type of chant?
thanks! i like the idea!
Yah the descendants... Sis but live up to the hype. Kind of bad on by opinion. The Help was better
The Nightmare Before Christmas....
Happy Valentines to all my friends and family.
Congratulations on all your success! You certainly deserve it. You are an inspiration to many, me included!
dude... im always fckd up!
": "She know she can get it""
It's not automatic, but if the Broncos are going to part ways with the Tebow circus, this is the time to do it. Again: "sell high"
bcuz you play 24/7 and cheat. Haha jk. I'm actually better, but I don't play nonstop.
Why why why..
RT : So I got excited cuz the tv said impractical jokers was comin on ..but it obviously lied. I guess #wienerscircle will do!!
Hate that I went through a serious burst of work and came out of it only to hear that. RIP
Hope you have a fantastic evening....wherever it takes you. :-)
The Grizzlies reaction now...
We close at Noon today, Fri, Dec 23. We will reopen on Tues, Jan 3. Happy Holidays to you and yours!
I look at some of my followers and some have like 67K followers and I wonder why they followed me. Not complaining, just curious haha
thinks they should eliminate draws in world cup. sudden death elimination, please!
Nothing chillin RT : nothing at the crib studying. wats good
startup boot camp. Amazing success stories from undergrad entrepreneurs
don't worry about time. Just try to run as far as you can. And don't beat yourself up when you have to walk. Just keep moving
# 7 on the country charts for Fayetteville,Arkansas trying to go for # 1 the song is ( Crazy )
Has a toothpaste texture. Just not my style. I dig the shakes & bars for my
Watched my first episode of breaking bad tonight. Hooked.
thanks for the #ff Audrey. ;) have a splendiferously wonderful Friday.
Aubrey's blog has been submitted to GIS Directory on GIS Extensions Market web portal.
The OG Mac Band will be performing on Friday night, April 1, at 6:30 p.m. They play all the oldies. Good tunes!
my friend in #RandomLake says it was briefly snowing about an hour ago!
"Jumping crocodiles Charlie!"
Love the West Coast vibe!! So different from what it's like on the East Coast.
great. If you notice other things that do not seem to be working properly tweet us and I will take a look.
Oh!!! RT : The Broncos have agreed to terms with free agent CB Drayton Florence.
Lol Harper likes rap!
i hate how the AHN's OCR can't differentiate between "not" and "riot". makes sifting through articles ridiculously tedious.
Thanks for the Follow!
ok :D Selena is The sweetest present in our life :)
CANT STOP
Is it just me, or did Gmail change its default color scheme? I like how UI tweaks are often imperceptible.
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
You all should follow she has the beat tweets about 1D :)
Fasho push me a link to ya music.....
": She thinks STD stands for Suck That Dick #SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
for if it can't be used for everyone. Especially when they are making good money off of people for such a simple service.
Baylor, cause it's in beautiful WACO
Thanks for the RT - Jon is answering questions now! Tune in to hear how he formed his band.
Last-minute online shopping items just arrived. Another #Festivus miracle!
Congress passes resolution to honor slain Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry #FastandFurious #Gunwalker Murder invest still open after 16+mo
Like we could have dated
they make him that much better then the rest
Andrew Bynum, after having that missed shot bounce out to him at the 3 pt line needs to get the ball to a guard and set up; not shoot.
like just chill count to 10 idk who you argueing wit but just chill that immuter on ther part but chill dangg
Hi, Cameron! I'd love to explore the idea of working with you for We're bringing to Chi schools.
Just saw ride by on his bike!
What's with the early start time for Cubs @ Cards?! Weird.
It's called the Bring Your Own Device program.
they were right....haste does make waste
what's good dood? Long time no speak..how ya feelin?
Got KRR3 and World's Finest in the mail from PWG. Ordered them on Friday. Dudes are mad quick with shipping.
it passed by my house and then idk where it went now?
Let me know if you want an extra set of eyes. Am reading/internetting on roof.
nah- don't sugar coat the issues at hand.
Who sees their tomatoes are on the turn and thinks, "I'll hang on to those in case some paedos move in opposite"?
Here at school waitin for the day to be over with :(
One good night of making music and i'm right where I want to be.
Have a blessed time. I'm waiting until tomorrow morning. Curled up at home with red wine and a roaring fire...
College Football Capsules: BCS takes big step toward college football playoff
Hey, btw, thanks for the comment! I don't know how I missed Crumb's hipsterism; it's artsy pretentious not vapid pretentious.
It sucks that i'm at my friends house having a wet dream lol. That was crazy
how do you know Ollie so well?
thank you for your support!
JUSTIN IS HOT. Timberlake, of course.
Hahaha. I just did! I want you to follow me back though!(: Pleasee. I love the country and I try and follow all country peps
500 free student tickets are OUT for 2012 Lu'au, but we still have tickets available for purchase at $10 each!
SO ready to get in the studio with ! I have ALOT to get ff my chest!!! ;)
I lose my Monday to proctoring and grading, too. But I am taking an hour off.
The entire #Aidara Team is seeing #Avengers this evening. RT/Like if you're seeing the movie this evening =)
Planet Eclipse
Special #FF in honor of their great work in the real world last weekend's
A startup is about learning what's useful and why, and then learning who's buying and why...
Children should not be drinking coffee, Aran.
Did you know is hosting $25 adoptions at ALL locations through the end of the month for animals over 3 mos!
Killed my first mosquito.
Baby wipes, the travel packs..
Shame we can't give your personality a makeover.
#Elderlycare is becoming more and more of a need in this fast paced world
Parties & festivities still went on downstairs & body of Whitney lay upstairs.Hypocrisy-failing to practice those virtues that one preaches.
In the 1950s household debt was just 34% of disposable income; today it is 115%. - Time
Thanks! We can photograph all the gorgeous Flavin light we want! Hope all is well with you....
super flattered. Many thanks.
Beat Dat Beat Up!
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle
Casual sunny spring hail storm in Copenhagen. Can't wait for my 30 min bike ride home!
Wonderful networking luncheon today with some great San Antonio businesswomen. Getting work done so I can enjoy a 4-day weekend!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 73
Africans dnt like black ppl
Heather Headley - In My Mind
wild WORK appears. Illustrator, I CHOOSE YOU!
yes please
: Sorry Jessica I want even be at school (:
I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you...
Just ordered a couple hundred studs. But 10bussiness days is so long !!
Getting ready for the concert at ! IT'S FREE PEOPLE! Come enjoy it with us.
no, theres the familiar voice of kevin cole! kexp indeed...
Hell yeah, that was cool. Made me smile.
Doing the puyallup. Here I come scones!!!!
It's not the one I would have made, thought they needed more help on the OL. But Reese has proven himself, I trust him
What hurts the most, was being so close. Having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
Des says 'Welcome To The Odyssey' on this freestyle over Clint Mansell's Dead Reckoning...sounds
were you hacked? or are you all about people starting their own business?
done deal. Ima holla at nique, get in touch. We should kick some jams, swap some shows
Would love to see NYR vs. Boston 2nd round or ECF!
One Friday screening on deck. Best served cold, no comments from Quigley. Digital comments from Forsberg himself!
What are we painting today besides that pretty blonde hair? going for needed haircut before getting on to the paintbrushes!
do u guys kno who austin mahone is
PLEASE FOLLOW-- <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Yeah... I remember first semester freshman year. Enjoy it
you coming to dinner club on Sunday Danno? #pureawesome ;)
HUGE lightning here. I can't believe I still have power.
aha brings back memories..funny aha
So honored!
I am happy I decided to enter my local Toastmasters Club Tall Tales Speech Contest. I just won! Next week, I progress to the Area Contest!
Our server hates me and , and we aren't sure why!
I need to buy Apollo justice now
they're going to miss it if they don't.
You guys looked so cute. We're at Bungalow if you're done romancing. :)
I need to cast out two people from my timeline. Like a demon!
Are your friends hating on your relationship?
that's snap! The Power!
Alex Golub: Anthropology is battling against a 'death spiral' when it comes to #oa; A fatally dependent on system of volunteers
Barney Frank at Ford Hall Forum: Democrats believe in governance ... Republicans not so much.
Finally watching The Help. Wonder how long it will take me to get to Hunger Games...
is drinking a Monster....I need one of those too!!!
I like that your random. You're music post just let me know what's on your mind.
Happy Christmas Eve.....we are open until 2PM today if you need a last minute gift card.
DailyHookahTip#137: Make sure that your quick-start coals have completely started up before placing them on top of the bowl.
Milwaukee Mustangs fall in their AFL season opener 71-65 to Arizona Rattlers. Rattlers scored winning TD with :05 left in game.
1890's: Newspaper insists "insane man" shot their editor. Insuran. co. says he had a reason (was fired), therefore sane, so policy is void.
Hamlet project is finally coming together! Can't wait to perform it tomorrow and be done with hamlet! FuTuRe MrS
We were just sitting in the bathroom floor for a project! We're not creepers! XD
Still working on our new web-site www.vcassociates.org
The proof is in the pudding. Homes under $150,000 are selling like hot cakes.
well, he totally doesn't oppose gay marriage/rights, but I do think he could be doing more to express these views, no?
should show how we party in the D tonite! Cuz a Detroit party dont stop!
Sweet! RT : We're proud to bring you our brand new single. Pretty Little Thing on our website now! www.thekicksrock.com RT!!
If not Mitt Romney, who? 1) he has the best ground organization 2) he can raise money better than any other candidates
Blow us away.": I just wanna know if I can sing to y'all tonight"
eating meat on ash wednesday and hanging up on deaf people...not a good start to lent
CityDirect is my favorite
aw! cute puppy! :)
Haven't been on here in a very long timee :o
You can now contact us via snail mail! Deadly Dames Burlesque, P.O. Box 17765, Rochester, NY 14617-7765.
Virginia THATCampers: how about #thatcampva12 as the hashtag of record?
Austin Mahone is our hero. <3
Thank you so much for the great article. It is exactly the opportunity we have been looking for!
Lol. I am! Chem classes. All day, everyday. Haha.
#iPartyWithVictorious is awesome so far
love #catlantic. Brilliant. Now where are more videos of boxing cats?
Love the drama! Wish I could have been there. Am looking fwd to ur rpt about the Greece School Board meeting. Thanks!
you just focus on the bad things more than the good things.
haha who knows that Tillie is? And yeah it was fun..nice view with the birds
I am at home, discharged from the hospital. I am happy & I know tht the doc & nurses r very happy. I dont let them give me the okey-doke
I just read the review...it's not entirely negative--he mentioned what he liked and did not abt the movie. Well-written review.
Did a 12 mile run for New Years Eve. So cold my GU Gel was GU Ice. Perfect way to ring in 2011! Ready for #RnRAZ You ready?
Our brightest blazes are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks .
Earlier in the game the bulls weren't getting calls by the refs tho
In case of freeze warnings (yes, even in Arizona), be sure to run the pool pump all night to prevent the pool pipes from freezing.
fearless and fierce, doll.......
playing slide whistle...fun :)
Congrats to DJ Spider on winning the rb3style … tiiiiiite
They broke one of ours
I'm making it my mission over the next few weeks to watch all of SyFy's original movies.
Our summer hours have started! We are now open on Tuesdays from 12-5, Wednesday-Saturday 12-8 and Sunday 12-5!
u should be!!“: is crushing it right now! If I was in Vegas I would be "all in" on Red right now! #1000ptclub"
"A striking characteristic of a successful person is the ability to determine the relative importance of different things."
yes. As of now, the noertwest part
I need food...
My bestfriend woke me up, so I could get ready, and go to her doctors appointment. >.<
#TebowGotTradedFor sending all overstock Tebow Broncos jerseys to Africa.
I have a lazy ass boyfriend niggas knocked Out on my couch
when u smile it makes me smile,when u laugh it makes me laugh. How come whatever you do,it makes me wanna be with you
killed me with the sombrero and poncho yesterday. I was never a big fan of yours, but I am converted. U are amazing.
Rock dis twitter :)
hey can you follow my new account please ~^^
God is good!!!
"Luke, Obi Wan never told you what happened to your tequila...I drank your tequila"
Larosas on the way abt to smash ain't had it in a min
We want to thank for checking out Coop's during his trip to SD for his Club Paradise Tour!
All I really want is you down on me..
I had an awesome time at today's Super Saturday here in Bakersfield, got to meet SVP Jeff Hill and , #endthetrend !!
“: I think that work and microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.”
Come see the show n tell friends : Hardcore singing flash mob on this cortland bus right now.
Self worth, self love and self respect.... Have a blissful day
Love the idea of curators being more open about their decision or curatorial process.
Wilshire and Robertson in Beverly Hills! :)
#Confession I don't care abt players or fans. The is like a giant cock that jizzes money into my bank account.
I swear I'm hilarious. Going back to reading now. (:
Tom cruise can be my lawer any day...
Is interested in learning more about aquaponic farming
Oh wow. That was a surprise. Congrats to #MerylStreep!
What is with all the smoke in the air? Can't be healthy.
Refreshing twitter pg just to see if she tweets you back or RT's you...... #itsavictorianthing :{D Happy Early Bday Vic!!
“What you see is kinda what you get with me. I'm a very real person, or I hope to be, anyway. I don't have nothing to hide.”
laceyyyyy i mishhh youu :( come back into my life please thanks.
Lonely hearts club? Count me in.
oh ok well me my second favorite MB member is between ray and roc like idk whos to choose for my second lolz
Im back beeeeotches!
Please join us in congratulating our two finalists in the #NYintern Project: and !
I caught myself saying "crazy-ass" 5 times yesterday and realized I caught it from too funny!
Christopher Hitchens died. Wonder if he thought about what he'd say if there's a God on the other side. Probably it would be good.
Thanks, Jess. Too bad the temps in the 80s went away this week. Oh well, we'll make the best of it.
purely strategic. just too many characters
Ah the simple pleasures of warm weather. Used the BBQ tonight for dinner.
I'm glad you enjoyed!
Diamonds are forever, she my bitch forever
Shout out to and its founder Heidi Gottlieb. Heidi - can't wait to see you at the Race!
PDI conference in DC. Interesting discussion from consulting firms about associates rating partners. Good idea for law firms?
Goodbye everybody! (;
Thank you! RT :
thanks for letting me know. new link www.myfreegenealogy.com
Your sexy, I'm sexy, So what's up ? *Raises eyebrow"
#I hate
Shouldn't have ate that crappy batter.
Video stream!??! I'm excited!
and I was wrong...
Thanks for the RT!
I feel your pain! :-(
I'm really starting to dislike Instagram just cause its an additional click and load for all these pictures I just wanna click and see
I am What I am With saying that I wouldn't be ME!!!
We can't wait to welcome you! RT : RT : I'm so excited about bringing my church and my family to
Thanks for the shout-out! Hope Monday is treating you well!
lol yeah and let me know if anything
Let's go rain. Bring it!
your absolutely right. Absolutely.
I cat stop eating cereal x
rt “: Has anyone ever seen Guy Fieri and Chaz Bono in a room together?”
Just learned about ... crave ... want
I hate cheaters!!!!
no I'm fat
It's Been Lovely But I Have To Scream Now"
#nw Hobo With a Shotgun
Supreme Court race vote canvass should be finished today. Then what?
Perusing Frank menu in ATX, dog choices include python, antelope, wild boar.
sort of amazed how much I got done waiting for cable install. Productive morning. except for superglue mishap.
slap me through the internet? ..ouch. ;)
glad to hear that! On my way back - to work. Some afternoon editing at #WSJ. Have a good post- #nicar12 day.
officially cool. Tell him to boo for all of us.
I read the entire interview on different website I don't get the impression he was going after fans, it's was just frustration
I know. I am beyond energized!!! It's so overwhelming.
RT : Before there was a 'church' there was a family. Protect your family at all costs
I love your voice. It's absolutely perfect. Ok!!!
Sometimes, the right thing for you, may not be right for someone else. Do whats best for you, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
#Boston Celtics & Red sox Win. The #NY Knicks lose. Brought to you by Paul Revere who took the ride in Boston not NY. via
Great! Let us know what you think and if you have any questions!
I'm determined to finish 2011 STRONG and start 2012 even STRONGER.
that happened once in my house dude. Except it was by brother that flicked it and it landed on my hand while I was texting!!
Just got to the crib
constantly check your phone in the minutes/hours/days following, hoping to hear something, are crushed when you don't get a call,
I would assume so considering they've performed it more times and have worked out any kinks
Friday you better have the whole mixtape on there and next Friday you better have #MindsetOfAGentleman in there
its too early for you to be rushing me
Why is Correia still pitching?
I need my mom to do a hot stone massage on me asap.
#futureprofessionals Transcripts frm high school/college R but small part of U. Build UR own. Start early. Take pride in service & kindness
I'll be there.
When they play a song on the radio to much <<<
Guess who unfollowed me!
You got him? yeah. It's on my chin. LMAO
4th of July at laughing Buddha! come in and get some sick ink and poking done. we have new jewelry in.....x
please follow me =) please please <U+2665>
in light of the sony playstation breach, it's good that intellivision was in the yeager household. oh yes. it was. what? atari? no way
It's cause she got Punk'd... For the second time xD
I wanna walk and not run,I wanna skip and not fall <3
I want to know how the fuck I gained 10 pounds.
RT : If you're in Phoenix, tune into 91.5 FM right now to hear an interview with Arizona's on
Nialler! #1DUpAllNight is the single most best album ever!!! Bought mine! I promise! xx
We all know its raining!
when you goin to start workin on a new album????????????
": haha thanks man. I plan on getting more" ........ I'm getting more work done on my arm soon too
Your listeners they can award turds and/or blossoms to San Diego candidates today by tweeting at us.
Ever been so tired you can't sleep?
Never Again will I be beneath and not above. Deut.28:13.
Never bored not bout that life
Happy holidays everyone!
Bill I am in JBP and I am in Zeekrewards/Zeekler and Banners Broker. I just can't handle another thing right now :)
Netflix movie suggestions? Exam
oh yea a couple but imma have to tune you up when i get back you talkin to spicy online
I'm an out-of-work journalist and after seeing that PSU press conference, it looks like I'll be for some time. Such talent!
good morning daddy craig :D hope you have a splendid day !!
HR is sales. Well that changes my to-do list.
My prayers go out to da familys of da officers killed n wounded in new Hampshire
Man... I can't stand these long weekend phone calls with
My hair EXTRA nappy today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Let's go Cards! Send the evil empire back to Lexington!
i give u a "A" for effort!! Lol
I am around the corner.
Wow what a day:]:*
House show this coming Monday! second place victory, no less than victory, & come support these awesome bands
You Don't Know How MuchIt Would Mean To Me If You Followed Me... Cuz Obviously I LIVE For You (; <333
Why Not Zero Why de continue to dump millions of gallons of chemicals down the drains
Just wanted to let everyone know that the pool party has been cancelled.
Thanks for the follow Nick!
Everybody outside and it's cold ... wtf man
Lol! Thank you?(:
NYT's NYE fest of land/water stories: "Organic" ag in Mex, fracking in SAf, expanding Iowa farms, and geese a go-go. Too many links to share
Froze my ass off on the court today. #Whoopie?
hi there my name is juanito c:
Kids needed to use the phone.
William Fitzsimmons station on Pandora. Yes, please.
Musica de Fiesta
College of St Rose shifts institutional culture around Scholarship of teaching & learning
I'm sorry - the voice mail: "Gosh! I ran into you on LinkedIn & and I'd really like a chance to talk to you..." does not get you a call.
Hi guys! I'm here in denver with my family I'm so bored. Just kidding!
HOLY CRAP ?! YOU LIVE IN NC TO ?!
the tough-guy 'this is what we do!' must be what got Ms. Kardashian?
“: USC also leads the NFL in current horrible QBs.”
was it good food? xD
yep. she also said that Tom is doing well and Katie was crying for no reason which is typical.
Haha, truer words have never been spoken.
maybe she just escaped from the trunk ala Jack Bauer
unfortunately it's not that simple. Size is an indicator but could be the opposite of what we think.
Hey! I need to start getting on here more!
We hope to see you then!
The phone call was coming from inside the box!
it's been a helluva week!
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them
A Big Bag Of Chips && And Then You Open Half Of It Is Air And A Lil Of Chips
#youmightbeanautismparentif Little Man put his shirt on right! He didn't put it on backwards he put the big picture in back! So proud!
Procrastinate tomorrow.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Thanks for the introduction!
Officially one month until my 21st.
RT Surprising: #Restaurant industry #employment will reach 12.9 million this year, which is 10% of total U.S. #workforce:
font-weight:100 : Levi's 510 font-weight:200 : Levi's 511 font-weight:normal : Levi's 514
hello IATM! RT Looking for a romantic free night's stay in #Seattle? Just hit us with an @ reply and you're entered to win!
Divertiti in Florida!! Vai a vedere i Blue Men Group?
MPD: 12 Occupy Mpls Protesters were arrested after they delayed an ambulance from making its run. More info coming up at 8:03 on WCCO Radio.
Never question god's attendance. His timing is perfect..
Cant go to sleep >_<
COyotes eat other mammalian poo, then whine about it (together) under full moon. #Nocturnal Natural fact.
First time I have actually had to do homework in a while
When you feel at the very morning something will go wrong today <
You ready, sir???
What?! She was there? I wanna see! She's so beautiful:-)
No it is not wrong.
I am so anxious right now I could just beat someone with my sobe bottle. I never want to be at the mall on saturday again.
March 3rd we're playing at Bounce in Cleveland. Come and show your support. Proceeds go to scholarships for Cleveland State University!
So someone around me smells...terrible. They need to get away form me like, now.
Studies say online students drop out for lack of "social" aspect. Happy to show you TechChange's model if you're interested.
studying a rant for my acting class!!! Sounds like fun!
beach. beach. beach
oh my dad just knocked all of my stuff over c o o l
yuk, I don't miss the sleet and freezing rain on the east coast. I like fluffy dry snow, much better to ski
Please Enter you label into my Free Label Contest. Send the label to if you want to join.
O. The late spring issue. Jealous.
heard you're in Indy! Is that true?
we have to take it for what its worth, learn and keep it moving!
watching all of the performances from ABDC, (: i remember each one of their performances an learned one them too! (:
the only thing i am missing right now is a leaf blower...
Why are people dogging on Obama for doing a slow jam on jimmy fallon? Fucking grow up people! He's human too.
thanks for checking it out!
": hey honey!! ok we all have got to plan a trip somewhere asap! I feel lame! Lol" I'm in ,no turn back ;-)
YES. also: i watched the avengers right before. I may not be sleeping until sunday :)
When you start to miss someone thats bestfriends with your ex..
I feel like right now... Let a Mf wake me up... gon catch a street fighter uppercut...
OMG Mary Prantil sued the NYPD, ha ha hey baby birds get a load of this Mary lady, OMG
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer
it's kool!!
Loves like a hurricane, I am a tree; bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy
I hate my eyebrows, because I have such as the wolfman!
she clean your hram?
YAY for rain at New Trails. That should mean new hay soon :)
Things are getting VERY interesting in Los Angeles. 94-87 Denver, 3 minutes left. Lakers were down BIG, fighting back. Tune into TNT.
Headed to Palm Beach Atlantic today. #Fundraising for meal packaging event with students.
you do have a way with words <3
The #dodgers paid $5.25 million to tell #billshaikin to eff off.
Happy #Thanksgiving everyone, hoping you have a wonderful day!
nope but the guy in the corner hunched over his laptop, suffocating himself on a broccoli n cheddar bread bowl was.
I seriously might want to get to sleep now but I wouldn't be surprised if I woke up in the middle of the night again and started tweeting
you're watching that too?! Sometimes when I watch CNN, I feel like I'm alone in the universe...
- A whole class on 'zombies in media'? Awesome!!! covered by
So lonely in the bus
Big weekend for my bff :) Good luck!!
Working on E-rate comments for the FCC and melting in 100 degree heat
sorry! i have been so busy at my gmas and she didnt have internet
Praying that im one of the 400 mahomie to get to meet and greet in new york!!
But will we sleep once I tell you what's hurting me..?
of course!
50 straight down the drain
oh that's just me <U+263A>
Where are the photos? Ive been looking for them! Whats the link
love it! Happy birthday long lost friend! Xoxo
Thinking about buying a fish tank with Graduation money haha
I'm pretty sure most of my followers are bands which is pretty cool :)
Welcome to Twitter!
The old man next to me at a show just said "nudge me if I fall asleep." and the usher has two dogs with him- gizzy and mo.
World News America on PBS tonight from Calgary. #AlbertaOilSands, the vibrant Mayor of Calgary and the Vancouver film industry.
at the Dahlia woods gallery opening! Just met THE Magazine! awesome turnout. :)
Coachella buddy! 3rd time's a charm
driving on waller , just saw a car called the KIA Rondo?lol
More and more women are joining forces and helping each other daily on kissandim.com!!!!
wonderful! Was thinkin bout u today. No lie! How have u n your sweet melodies been!?
I came to the conclusion that I'm probably not good enough for you. I'm sorry.
Yo Hance, come visit us in Cali and we'll all go roller skating!! :D
« my mood just went downhill -_-»
a Canadian kid at Chicago airport with Canadian hockey bottoms and a shirt saying plan b is free in Canada haha
#BuildABetterWorld. Now I understand the future episode and their daughter.
Listen to the Indiana Jones main theme song. I dare you not to smile and feel better :)
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any
I'm about to hop on TWATTERR.
and I would be stacking cash
76% off a massage at Solutions Modern Massage. Retweet if you could use a massage!
BRONCOS!!! I need to say no more!!!
Save up to 25% on shirts + free shipping on orders of $55 or more with code HOLLYSHIP
We've been broken up for 10 months. Get over it!
whenever i try to make a status about you, you go offline. gah
Ok see you then. You gonna run over here from Boyle Heights?
Get ready for the summer... Just sayin'...
It's so weird not having black hair anymore! I love this color!
I really think that I finished this semester well, especially considering how much work I had at the end of it, now finals & then I am done.
what's #'s lookin like on a show
PLEASE FOLLOW AND US! WERE HUGE 1D AMERICAN FANS!
The beach is my soul.
Shit, I started watching Field of Dreams a little while ago and I'm crying already and the hair on the back of my head is standing up.
RT : Tomorrow is Buy Israeli Goods (BIG) Day, so stop somewhere and pick up something for Shabbat to support
If you are proactive about building relationships within your industry, you will have a much greater opportunity for success.
if that was ANOTHER grand slam, i would need a new tv come tomorrow.
Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
the coldest producer on da planet
“If we talk w/ Pres. Obama, & we don’t have proof, then it’s only words. That’s why we take pics-to show what’s happening” -Rainer,
It's a toss up for me, #FlipBoard vs. Evernote. When are you supporting #cmis repositories for #evernote?
Did I see right that you are directing for HTR?
#SadMomentWhen isn't following you... & probably won't.. <//3 -cries-
aw that's cool :) and I died mine dark brown :D
Heck of a Wimbledon semi....can an American reclaim the grass? Love Fed, but go Andy!
AAAAHHHH!!!!! it's done!!!! holy holy crapoly it's done!!! What is it?
Such a beautiful day out!!
This ap project sucks oh well
Depressed today :/
P.S. Hope you have a very Happy Mother's Day! Evan is one lucky boy to have such a caring & wonderful Mama! <3
My parking is still a little shaky <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
See all these heartless and ass hole like people in the world? The people who fucked them over so hard made them became like this.
Powers back on <3
As one who has seen all of her TV movies, I don't think she will have the opportunity to bring the drama in this.
My jazz combo is playing "Mother's Day Jazz Brunch" at Sawyer House of Yakima May 8th. Sparking Wines, Mimosas, Kana wine, yum! $35/15 11-2
Teaching a coaches clinic today! This is one of my favorite seminars to teach - helping coaches be better instructors and mentors!
My pregnant friend is cracking me up! "Just cut the cake! Stop the speeches!" She didn't say that at her wedding!
Guy at stop light blasting radio at spinal tap 11 levels: skims stations stops at Runaway Train* YES! sings along* Me: in tears* (cont)
Thanks for the follow. Have heard wonderful things about your place. Need to visit sometime
will miss sending you the the f and g teases. but I know you'll be awesome at night!
Studio for the next 2 days in Baltimore, MD!
I don't think u have to affirm everyone. If you have to fire someone they will never hear your affirmation.
Aw thank you! I really appreciate that! <3
congrats on representing team USA!
whenever you ready to get beat
SUMMER! Please hurry up!
Just posted two photos circa 1900 of Victorian homes on Valentine Lane, Yonkers, NY (also see what's there today) www.VictorianSource.com
Coney island today! see if i can get some good shots!
Galleria Park hotel is lovely. Although I hope the next time around it'll be us they'll book with :). Enjoy your time in SF!
Don't confuse my personality and my attitude because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU.
The #Browns will get a really good player at 22. Lots of good players still up there.
Anything other than this moment is only on our mind.
hey love
Using the jesus power for grades!
Be omw to work soon
lol......... Oh well. Hey when r u taking me n to target!
OH MY GAWD. becky look at her buuttt.
woo:D
Ya cause it's my fav song silly.
No prob. ": thanks for the follow back"
Ah… so are you around now? We should put something on the calendar for the coming weeks.
If you don't know about re run then you ain't livin
Nice! RT Hazy Nights In The Heights - , while I do some editing.
and if I remember correctly, the one "penalty" at the Emirates was the Bale dive, right?
what time you going over there?
"Responsible" is overrated. You are LIVING. I admire you for it.
Thanks for the retweet!
... because circuit breakers get tripped. And they serve the same function as fuses. So that was a joke. Sorta.
Omg...should have
Thanks. Not a problem. Thanks for reaching out.
I have a boat load of school work due Thursday and Friday. Challenge denied.
thanks! Modeled in Rhino beta for Mac.
lol y you feel sorry for them hahahahaha some can work it out
Libraries naturally absorb all ignorance and intolerance upon entrance. These buildings should be protected by all.
Maybe it's just that it's late...but the phrase "first introduced" seems unnecessarily redundant...
is that sarcasm
wanted to offer some friendly support.....having been there even some of with the co-called 'adults' I know.
so. about this concert. just wondering what's going on. i paid for my ticket...
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5-Wed June 9 Open til 2am! Study Study Study!
Uploading new album to TuneCore to distribute online....January 1st 2012!!
And may I just say: I'm digging the 30s/40s station on Spotify like a fucking grave.
Thank you! :)
ok, enough library election tweeting. now back to the exciting stuff: i planted sweet peas, hollyhocks, gladioli this weekend!! OH YEAH :P
Chipchura tried to fight him from the ground, like Wing Chun Kung Fu. His Tiger style is strong!
This guy is walking around with pillows......smh
no I didn't mod when did this happen?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
The idea for fictional vampires and zombies came from blood-sucking bankers and brain-dead politicians, right? The genre must all be satire.
God knows whats best. You just have to trust him. He gave his only son for YOU!!!
Is worn out from digging fence post holes.
I just want to be happy...
The best! So jealous.
Support your local law enforcement. "Justice is incidental to law and order."--J. Edgar Hoover
It's getting darker earlier. Buy new headlights to see better.
Popping bottles & bangin models, that's how we do!
both babe (: then you darl . ? :D
Today is for good life decisions.
are you on wheel of fortune!? Because I am so good at that game.
99% protest going on in Seattle downtown.
so, do u think i sound like a 5 year old
Avengers tonight! And #statejournalism tomorrow morning. :)
Get to Magoons tonight!
I'm so sorry, that must have been horrible :( But I know Hershey would want u to love Cadbury now, & I'm glad u found him :)
RT I guess you're blind
make two dreams come true but following me nd 10
*Listening to Mary Chapin Carpenter* John Doe No. 24
yes, you are a wonderful friend. Thank you so much. Merry Christmas!
lol nigga got me wit the same shit after school
Half my table has left, including the contest-winners. But my coworkers are here for the long haul. Mostly because we carpooled.
Long hair isn't very descriptive.
Living on Popsicles and Powerade. The only part of me that appreciates being sick is my ass. Ugh.
Watching my good friend on RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4!!! Waiting to see hit 'sitcom' on the sitcom debut
Damn, man... THANK YOU for the support!
5am - #Rise and #Learn. #Relevant #learning is necessary for
It is difficult when you reach an age your older brother will never reach. I love you Eddie and think of you often.
thanks, your next sack of gold should be arriving in your mail box soon!
i really appreciate it, but
Rose Nelson, conf. Chair gives a welcoming adress. Thanks to sponsors, planning committee. People here from all over the US
"It's just basic communication we're just changing the channel" - on social media
In advance of your crying...go fuck yourself Torts.
Senate apparently is worn out and going home without a vote on Mike Green's nomination, among others. Read more at democratandchronicle.com.
*Correction: family members of 4 victims in 08 military jet crash in University City seeking more than 55 million from US Gov
yes just a quick sketch :)
Shark Tank is a great show. It's not the Dragon's Den...but close enough.
Thanks for that RT! :)
- I agree but 8-1 is a good start
It's never too early or too late for a good fuck...
About to enjoy the Paul Davis Restoration marketing conference social media class.
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. - Edgar Cayce
PickUpLine: Do you like cheesy pickup lines or do you just want to do it?
In honor of all the moms out there next sunday (mother's day) ALL MOMS RIDE FOR FREE!!!!!!!!!! bring mom out for a fun day on the water!!!!
Hi Martha, LOVE Gary Marshall on your show today! How can we win some of your prizes?
Star Wars beta is over.. Sad, but I guess that means I can get back to having a life!
Releasing the Teacher Data Reports in NYC should be interesting and vicious! Is this wise? Does this help?
Sitting alone makes me feel lonely and awkward
Thanks but, as my conversational stories imply, I prefer to relay information that is either fictional or trivial. Or both.
Evaluating a German major's thesis on fairy tales. It's going well.
prom saturday Graduation next thurday
Maryland jockey Rosie Napravnik wins Kentucky Oaks
I'll be in studying.
I'll second that! RT "had a great time at the Nutcracker with and "
Sorry, it was too surreal. Had to share. :)
Did people play "telephone" with tin cans and string before the invention of the telephone? If so, what did they call it?
I want off this roller coaster ride..
Loved the boats in Dallas just beautiful
man, I have a great comeback for that. :-#
Recommend fresh pineapple, banana and frozen berries smoothie to start off the day!
Can't Sleep
Appreciate all the love, hope i see everyone at the show. I go on at 3PM.
You are dope #Talented -Antonio.J
His starts like this are the most impressive I think. Just doesn't get hit even when he's not jaw dropping dominant.
Now I feel like they r both ignoring me...wht happened today? :/
tonight a $5000 nugget...the peak out! Learn it, live it, love it.
buy as much ram as you can get on the desktop, storage space not as impt. can buy externals cheap, win7; osx both great o/s
Yay! So cool. Read your "Digging Ditches" on downdirtyword.com, love it!!
Why do you sing?
good idea... I haven't been blogging much lately sadly but have enjoyed reading about your travels!
Morning... And thank you for.the follow. Love the new lineup!!!
hello I'm a big fan of yours, follow me back please <U+E056>
MT : A1: Ability to think outside of norms (bldg codes, materials, methods). Willingness to accept others opinions
I'm sign waving and door to door for Come join us!
it's almost ridiculous how many people, when their team doesn't make the playoffs, jump on the #Canucks hate bandwagon.
I'm making a plan for this! re: : Do you have a plan to get fit for summer? 4-8 wks is enough to make a real difference!
Thx for coming! Hope 2 see the All-Star crew again soon! RT : All-Star crew out tonight -
GET A LIFE OK
no problem!(:
Sounds good. How is it?
Got bartender on my career survey
I read an ad looking for cooks on the hot line as looking for line cooks who are hot.
Foreign Minister #Juppé: “#Iranian military #nuclear program constitutes one of the most serious threats to #peace throughout the world”
I haven't felt good lately... :c
Had a great weekend recording, things are moving along, hope to have something out by late April, stay tuned!
At 30?! Jesus.
Sometimes I think ... Oh, right. I'm an idiot, no?
Ugh!! I hate geometry!! >< it's so hard!
indeed. it just gets weirder and weirder... BTW, Congrats! Heard the AWESOME news! So excited for you.
Just wrapped day 1 of the I Wanna Go video. I-I-I wanna go-o-o to my b-e-e-d to get some sleep tonight. -Brit
luckyy. It's like in the 40 outside. Where I am.
Wonder nik powers activate! We have control of the tides now!
I guess the haters will get their day in the sun today... oh well haters gonna hate
OK, nevermind about Benzinger's special discount cases. It turns out they don't ship to my (apparently very lame) current state. How sad. :(
fuck you shawty but i see you came lls
I sure hope the #Yankees win tonight! My cousin and her husband are at the game right now...<U+E411> so jealous.
RIP Dick Clark the next new years eve will not be rockin
To everyone who hasn't watched Frenemies, yet i got to say it is a really good movie i love IT!! :D
he lost his mind!
thanks! Looking forward to another opp to work together!
When i meet you someday, i wanna say sorry cause, i cant help but stare at you cause you look like an angel.(:
So over this bs . Really don't care anymore
thank you :(
RT Super blog post from customer on repurposing blog content for nurture campaigns.
i just want the dame boy to follow me back thats all i ask for
Last #mets sweep in Philly before tonight: June 2006. What a ride.
Congrats to Wisconsin's own Way to represent!
watching Justin Bieber on TLC
All I have to say is...
So ready for it to be my daughters bedtime already! This child is driving me crazy today!!!
Dad picked me up early, love him !
The last game of the season is in an hour <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Terrific TPACK session. Great ideas! Thanks, and
. ok I just threw up. And then laughed out loud. America this is ridiculous.
lets get another win
Walking to Stop & Shop with a sprained ankle probably isn't the best idea but #fuckit I need food! Haha
Ok, so you know that dream you have when everyone's looking @ you & laughing? Yep. T/G a bird just grabbed fruit from my drink.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
You look extremely sexy tonight if i might say so myself(;
glad you understand :)
And I hope this meeting don't take long ...I am not in the mood
Sweet Home Alabama is definitely one of my favourite films
NATO: 3 service members killed in Afghanistan.
Pretty good! Just practicing lots of piano right now! How about you?
same I'm pissed.
Right?! Me too! It sucks people don't have awesome personalities like us, oh well....not my problem! Haha
What up bro Check my new Vids #in focus with MJR
It's because I've bene super-busy at work. Yeah, that's it.
spring break is dead and I am awake way too early!
I wish I knew what went through the mind of carlos boozer.
S/O to AKA #TheCastle For Hosting Events this weekend!!.. #MuchLove!!
In Midway, a small island in the southwest Pacific it is already 11:15 pm 5/15/12.
argh! etsy was down when I was posting something new!! & fabulous er
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE My love follow me Love you :D Thanks :D
Just saw a great DP reel
THANK U! =) Im workn on the Video Mixtape now WHOOP!
Thank you for the RT & support :)
Gonna get ready then have my mom take me to Starbucks.
aye kinfolk dat junt hard lose them shoes tho. and make walk a mile 3dand dats cut throat
I'll be there! See you in the garden in a couple hours
“ me and are on skype singing no air ! get at us lol :D”
I'm feeling bad for not remembering HAHAA..
I heart in a manly sort of way...
I sure missed on the #Trinneberg #prediction didn't I?
Sounds good we'll get some out to you asap
Sounds good! I'll let you know for sure what day it will be next week :)
Road trip to Corpus Christi for Scream It Like You Mean It!!!!
Just when I'm trying to get my shit together...fuck this.
Reports so far are that the police are giving occupiers the option to leave. Police are in riot gear.
you would then look like the lady that sings t shirt and panties on
Love life n love blunts!!!!
Let me know how it goes, Danielle! Sorry to miss it. But I'm learning at lot at ASU Libraries
:p yeah sure, we need a ride though.
Happy 30th anniversary - lives have been saved thx to your reporting!
Looks like this occurred in May of 2008 - if this were just occurring today it would blow the top off things.
Kids are so lazy nowadays! How the hell you going to play the wii sitting down?? The whole point of the game was for you to get up and move!
I'm glad I'll be in Argentina for New Years 2013. I don't think I could celebrate New Years without my favorite Dick. RIP Dick Clark.
can't the baby just be left locked up with the bike?
where is the live stream?
If we all strive to be our best, disappointments will become a thing of the past
her names yeee.
Solid. thanks! trying to strategize. Will yell out "hi timborb's minions!" as I run by the aid station @ 24. :)
haha those were definitely good times
Almost jumped put of my skin b/c I thought something was jumping at me in the dark. Turns out my eyes were just adjusting <U+E419>
Just got added to the Rogue Wave show in Detroit! ROGUE WAVE with GAMBLE HOUSE and JAVELINS
What shall I eat??
Thanks Bruno for the kind RT!!
man when i become known.. im gonna fuck with ppl so much! lol, illuminati jokes and shit.. i hope i offend ppl.. lmaoo
this is key inning as same inning where he fell apart a bit in Texas. Good if gets out unscathed. Duncan play didn't help him
just suggested my public library buy season 1 of
Getting the set list together for tomorrow night. Looks like we're trying 2 new ones. You get to be the lab rats.
Potassium Iodide Sales Surge on Heels of Large Government Order MarketWatch (press release) MOORESVILLE, NC, April 13, 2012 /PRNewswire
breathing air
The only MLS game I watched last year was when they beat LA. I will always rememver that atmosphere. Legit.
Longest line for hotel check-in I've ever seen in my life!!!!
I think im a hillbilly at heart!! hahaha Chattahoochee!
I've been served. Sucks.
I'm chill. Not ready to go back to school tomorrow.
Who's trying get this money ?
Lyon: We have usually thought of deliberation as a process with a terminus (which is usually concensus). And that's the mistake, she says.
#liljimmy is now trending on twitter insted of #areyouseriousbro?
Friday 11/11 at the Wine Cellar in #mtadams (1101 St. Gregory St., Cincinnati), 9pm.
For travel to be delightful, one must have a good place to leave and return to.
Thanks defense. “: OH ALL THE JACKSONVILLE FOLLIES #organmusic”
Thanks for the milk and cookies! Super yums!
www.kociradio.com harmonica blues: Paul deLay Band, William Clarke, Billy Boy Arnold
3GNY WEDU Back to School Party at Tenjune from 730-1030. open bar and great crowd! Come join us tomorrow night!
Only three papers (all under five pages) and two presentations left until I can officially have stage II senioritis. #classof(fall)2012
Lmao! Hope everything is well Dude.
-My most favorite color green cause i got 99 problems nd money aint one em'
LA Mayor: We stand w/Pres. Obama - love dsn’t hv a color, love dsn’t care if you’re gay or straight. Love dsn’t discriminate
Anyone in HK go and check out Tassels, Basement floor of the Landmark in Central. 40% off select Alden's & Crockett & Jones.
You have two weeks to stop by the museum to visit our latest exhibitions again. We'll be closing on December 14.
be safe with Irene, and good luck! We're hoping in Baltimore to not have a repeat of Isabel
NFL Draft tonight!
Lol smart woman
Still the best bday ever tho
Happy Valentines Day!!!!! <33333
Dixiana Studio decided to highlight some of the #Christian #recordings during #Holy Week. Watch for daily postings.
What's your favorite thing about me?
Celebrating Mother's Day up at Purdouche with the bro bro :)
i realize their name might be crazy, but their music is oh so good.
I almost freaked out when I was just madly searching in the guide for our game. Don't worry tweethearts, I found it.
Awesome finish!!!!
LOL. That is so bad. He'd prolly be in first if he cared at all
I hate my #PBL president so much. Ugh she's
I hate crying alone especially when mike can't make it better.
So xcited to see the screening of #Wanderlust tonite!
who needs the nba?
I'm not too sure. I go wherever goes! :) what about you all?
Knew this game was going to be close
I must say, the fine ladies at the Starbucks near Gate 31A are fast and efficient. M coffee. #
I plan to sister. I read Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest in 4 days... We're safe :)
RT : IMLS makes grants available to African American museums, museum service organizations, and historically black......
Here comes the #rain again, falling on my head like a #mammory... Falling on my head like a new emotion...
I hate sleepin alone
We should run for president.
Already sold out the first Fish Special of the day...Chef! What's Next?!?!
Compiling a list of best travel memoirs. Do U have a fav? #travelmemoirs As Paladin might've said, "Have Book, Will Travel."
Took a deposition of Plaintiff who has been getting unemployment comp for almost 2 years. Still no job interview.
I'm going to wear THAT tomorrow.
I am free as can be, indeed.
#Haters smile up in ur face and turn around nd pop shyt
I am not sure how I feel about this..
I want a pet penguin<3
grilling out after an intense 8 mile hike in Brown County
yep staying busy! How about you?
trust and patience, that what the Universe is asking for...that and step up and take action!
Lol I don't get 's twitters. You'd be confused too.
i love my bros
What you really meant was that you think Indy will win the SB
#MSC - Strong finish to Q1. How did you finish up? Creating my playbook for Q2. Got some exciting projects to work on. Stay tuned.
#LebronJames and #Chrispaul are my 2 favorite players in the nba
": thanks:)" why am I getting this mention when it was back in AUGUST?!:O
exciting news. Congrats.
Y'all know I got a car lol
Follow for a solo ShoutOut if you did tweet me 'BELIEBER'
Presenting today with today at #OELMA about eReaders and the digital horizon. Looking forward to meeting this eager group!
Touch-A-Plane raises awareness for Civil Air Patrol and Run for the Fallen NH - Foster's Daily Democrat
Tell me what you know about dim sum.
LOL!! you should have seen it girl. i aint even lyin' :)
In the roaring metropolis of Big Bend, about an hour north of Eau Claire.
BigOven recipe app, released 5 days ago, downloaded 120,000+ times. Now #8 overall free app in the iTunes store. BigOven.com 2 mm uu's/mo!
how about some Rancid Joe?
Hopefully the #royals are just being extra cautious with
Texting Non iPhone users<<< receiving multiple messages instead of one long one
Last day of the Career Center at #MLA2012. Come in to have your resume critiqued or talk about job search & networking!
well that was a pretty great Easter (:
why are all the random things you come up with so perfect xD i Get on twitter. and i don't even know what to say.. soogreat
15N at Carol Canyon stopped traffic acrossed all lanes due to accident.
I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.
Going to see Marvels The Avengers soon because every other time is sold out lmaoo #excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> :D
Think top ten lists don’t get publicity? How about the FBI’s Ten Most Wanted List? J. Edgar Hoover started it in 1949.
Just trying to help you
": “ I think too much ....” me to UGH" .. im thinking right now lol
RT : Took some funny ass pics today wit and x) wee great day today!!!
Holy balls, there are 3 episodes of Community tonight? Awesome.
I door greeted today for the first time...people are such bitches.
I love my new gig
what's your prediction for the 95 north corridor between PA and NH for Sunday?
see you in Houston!
Those that will hear me speak, let 'em stay here; Those that will follow Cassius, go with him;
Tomorrow is going to be a long day #feelsick #apexams <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
share with me anything with movies clips. I'm striving for the Future of Television with Ringz. We love content!
Thanks for passing the word!
better than FB?? I can't believe that lol. We'll see what happens in about a month. Have a good day in the Bay
Any inspired entrepreneurs hitting up #hopsandchops tonight?
Back of shirt: "Like my shirt? After the race, I'll let you read the front."
sure, no problem. just shoot me an email. :)
Hate to say it, but I am starting to think Kobe is done. He won't win another ring.
Grocery shopping would be a pretty great idea right about now...
Just once, I want to see the word "font" trending.
Done. Safe travels, bud.
Is it too hot to make banana bread?
plz let it be me!
If she's jealous ,she cares.
Working on it guys ;-)
Tbqh I've never once had a martini tho..
What cities are those?
8 min to Restaurant Walk in OB.
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
You're welcome! RT Yet another time waster at work - and getting me hooked on app "Draw Something"
I talked to Chris Adamson about this at cocoaconf. It's not an easy problem to solve. I'll need Audio Units. Now learning Core Audio.
Yes!!!RT : Had BEST SERVICE & yummy food at last night - pre-Nutcracker Ben & Heidi ROCK! 96cent sliders YUM!
Just made it in ! #beerpong !
hahahaha always gigglez when i see nyjer morgan in those goofy baggy baseball pants
broncos 6- Patriots 10. Broncos ready to Kick.
looking for Memphis soul ck us out simply grand music
that's what's gonna fall tonight??
Oops, I made a mistake.
All in 10 min. I did a great deed and left a sorta passive aggressive note for a soon to be former neighbor. Bet they never alley-park again
My favorite is Halle Berry's dress in 2002
Politics and steak is my middle name.
good to see you today! Wishing you the best w your goal of 50!! #bold law
The girl in the stall next to me is too short for her legs to touch the ground.
Looking to chat with someone about how can support YPs
Such a beautiful day!
Need to learn to function before 10am.
Wow I stayed late today...
contemplating how to visualize the Collections budget data in a compelling way.
good after noon all is well had a storm come though last nite, no damage my rosees are in full bloom
All I have to say Bill is that "Guns do not kill, People do!"
i fucked up... never again
pickle chips are my favorite thing
: where are you going when you leave El Paso? q:
Ha, no. We do miss you though. Jerk. :-)
:0 thank you !
Go watch that Lady Gaga cover, freaking awesome!
Alright im up, more x-mas shoppin today.....
Don't text me while I'm texting you, now I have to change my text.
HAHAHAHAHA! I just LOVE your reactions; its adorable! xD & aww thank you! :)
come back to the dark side.:) I feel wiped out too but it's because I finally tried bikram today.
if those colors are too close to your fave shirts, i say go wild and dye them khaki.
The adoption movie "October Baby" will finally be coming to Roanoke, Virginia this Friday April 13! It will be shown at the Carmike 10!
John Mayer <3
Baby Faced and I'm all about my hygiene
One of thosee nights I cant sleep cause' of all these thoughts thumping in my head.
Good morning twitter i love a 5 day weekend
It's just too much stuff, but I have a lot of cooks in various kitchens to satisfy.
"well clearly this is all in order... think ill have a snooze"
The world changes every day. As technology advances, change accellerates its pace. Position yourself in the right place at the right time.
Is there an Ollie's in Middlesboro? :)
#meandyoucantdate shouldn't be in your vocabulary fat hoe, u know you only date burgers bitch!!!
If someone would have told me b4 the tournament that Morehead.State has a realistic chance of advancing to the sweet 16, I would've laughed.
by : Stewart St. off-ramps from SB I-5 mainline and express lanes are now open following memorial procession for Seattle po...
I need 2 more followers until i reach 200! Shoutout for shoutout?! RT for a shoutout but only if I get one
Chuck Harmon is talking about meeting Babe Ruth
Please share. South Asian Filmmakers, submit your film to the Silent River Film Festival . http//withoutabox.com./login/9932
Firm Solutions Unlimited a BPO service provider specializing in law firm back-office solutions. website: www.firmsolutionsltd.com
so.... apparently the network seems to still be on holiday and needs an extra day off too. SO SLOW TODAY.
RT : THREE hour #OPENbar - $40 - # #theEXPERIENCEafterParty [next] Saturday April 14th See you at the show? << yes
potbellys lunch time
That said, I am praying DRose is okay ...though reports indicate it's serious... Wishing him a speedy and complete recovery.
Fact of the day: Obi Wan Kenobi never spoke the exact words, "May the force be with you."
Only thing the #mavs are missing in there line up are and
that really pumps us fans up too, hook em baby.
Happy Birthday!
This "Limit on the Number of People I can Follow Through Twitter" thing is getting to be very annoying!
congrats man!
we aim to please
follow NOW!
i hope 2day be cool
Why thank you
It's definitely midterm week. Everyone's in the library with their heads down. Spring break can't get here fast enough!
thanks for the shoutout!
srsly - there are a bunch of those stupid berry things on my car from the blooming trees!
WERE ERR BODY AT
When followed me(: on valentines day <21
Get a $25 certificate for $2 (use promo code at checkout) here: www.majkltravel.net shopYTB restaurant.com link
#10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs with you
Why did I have to have a Dr Appt the day after I saw Contagion?
In honor of Mother's Day, I'm going to eat some eggs.
#iremember when u told me u liked how white my skin was.haha. ill pretty much die if i tan. :P
Will you look at THAT! On the left side of each of those pairs are your older normal mice
"Can you werk wit that" played on the radio on my way to work....I may or may not have twerked in my car..
Eat some for me cuz! RT : Finna order pizza
We're happy to be an inspiration! Rock on!
oh yes it does lol (:
And noone watches it anymore RT Boxing is like ballet. Except theres no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other
Did you hear that "Jesus Christ Superstar" is going to Bway after the run? Perfect for Eric! #justsayin'
consider it booked...wherever it may be haha. love jblue
can u dm them for me too
Omer & Taj hitting their free throws... wow.
Follow us on Twitter!
The pauly d project tonight staying up watching it yeah buddy!!!
Unhelpful! MT : Having a job w/o raising kids is most fun route, why it's one men usually choose, pushing childcare 2 women
Your digital footprint can help you determine what you have a passion for in life.
Will u be my valentine
Off shopping today! Looking for a bright yellow bandage dress, any suggestions?!
Really can't believe I'm at the gym at the but crack of dawn..
All the girls at this party have boyfriends :(
I go anywhere I want. I only go where I'm wanted.
I got a taste for a mojito or a mimosa LOL a bit early but dont judge me #rockstar lifestyle
New goal for 2012: more shit talking, with less words
. It was a great vlog. Tell us which one you decided to go with!
what does that mean. Lol
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses
Duck Confit & Local Watercress tossed in blueberry vinaigrette with toasted pistachios, Noble Springs feta & candied fennel $12
Watching a tv show about snack food is probably not the best of ideas....
s/o to for the follow, Check out her website !
“: Fuck a Asics.” C'MON SON! Nigga doing his thang right now... He'll be with the swoosh soon enough
thanx Mario for the follow- looking forward to connecting!
Im not sure.
Congrats to Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck on the birth of a baby boy this morning! It's their 3rd child. No name announced yet......
lol and I can't help but laugh.
RT : Today is the LAST DAY to try to win the Beach BBQ! We can't let SHA win.
possibly. We'll be in town until sunday so I might book something for saturday
Can't Wait To Take The Stage W/You
I hate feeling uneasy
not that "what's talk radio discussing" is a valid measuring stick. or anything but anecdotal
Bagel bites
Thanks for the RT, Joel.
It is unethical when an attorney advises a woman to do whatever they can do to get their husband to strike them so she have him taken 2 jail
Thank you for canceling one of my classes a week before it starts.
yeah its pretty far about 30-45 min from chapel
I been listening to dis dream chasers 2 for some days now
Sorry, but you got it wrong! He never apologized for killing Trayvon! He said "sorry for your loss" Hm...not remorseful!
Future gig in #Boston banned. WHY? City ordinance AGAINST DANCING!!!! WTF. DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION!
Are you almost done with the book? Libraries are out. I'll buy it otherwise!
nah tomorrow morning
you know I gotchu doe
Gotta help those who can't help themselves.
if the universe really wants me to succeed, then it's leading me down path WAY less traveled
Much ado about nothing.
#S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T on the great victory last night against the
Leaving #SB46 -- great wins in Indy w/clients, industry leaders, my staff ; I also have more chewing gum than I could ever use
I remember where I was that day. Some things you don't forget!
RT : Once mundane things entered our life, we regressed those thoughts for more procedural ones
thanks, mike - glad you enjoyed it
I don't remember the exact details, but a couple on an anniversary date was confronted by the marriage ? from her. AWKWARD.
We had a fabulous weekend!! Our event we designed Saturday was a complete success....we'll post pictures soon!
In boston and we dropped a bomb. Tomorrow...lovin cup is simply put...ground zero.
Oh wow! :D Yaaay!
Stop by ours near the registration table, may win a prize later RT Gonna do showbooth shuffle
NEW VIDEO DROPS IN 2 MINS!
I can't wait to watch Gonzaga and West Virginia play!!
but the snow is so pretty!
Latinas with mixed textured hair can try out the products at the exhibit & you'll have fun learning about your hair from the professionals
this is my last tweet to you Madison. I hope you have a good night and I wish you followed me! I'm a fun person:o heheh
“: lunch was delicious!! #spudhead” Thanks!
Gonna give her a big hug if we ever meet. So she knows.
Hey "ninja101",what are you doing?
spring is in the air! Can't wait to start on my patio construction. Imagine - taking a cooking class and then dining al fresco! Yes PLEASE!
Can you upload vids on here? Or just post the link? Weak sauce
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I’ll try again tomorrow
You can do anything, but not everything. ~ David Allen
NO... TIME IS JUS RIGHT FIE DAT SHIT UP CANT CALL IT WAKE&BAKE CAUSE I WOKE UP STILL BAKED FROM YESTERDAYS SMOKE SESSIONlol
I Believe Having Ron Paul as President would turn our country around towards prosperity.,
U SHOULD DO A FOLLOW SPREE
My phone dry af nd sum new
your the best!
I had lazagnia.
Hi Kathy- Ann sent me the link for proposals for the B2B Forum- looks like i missed date- any chance i can submit?
Double. Eagle.
Running in the #minimarathon this weekend? It's gonna be a hot one!
“: 420 and its raining” You in the "H"?
i'm not using him, he isn't playing me, don't try to fuck up my relationship cause you cant be happy with yours..
Are you involved in the UCLA student chapter? I'd like to talk to you guys.
oh lol yes! Beer, straight shots! It'll all go down!
was very surprised to find that none of my students, in a wmns studies class, had ever heard the mantra: the personal is political.
Excited to do this walk for sicklecell sat 5 miles wit my cuzin , n my sis
like this concept. Let's see what happens next!
Good luck tomorrow...I hope you will choose a Padron as a victory smoke or to cheer you up if...
Watching The Boy in the Striped Pajamas this world is so fucked up.
email sent!
Oh wow! I just saw!! Thank you soc much, I'm honored! Email coming ASAP :)
thinking about a Florida trip in the next few days now
OMFG! I think we all need to sit down and STFU about all these rumors! Do t believe everything the paparazzi says! It's just causing drama!
We are lookning for a part time Program Director at DFI! Would love LMFT and LCSW email resume and cover letter to
Don't forget to wish Fabby a happy birthday from team csnbayarea.com...!
- and you!
There's room for at least three more without even breaking a sweat.
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Thanks for the RT ! That was all you! - yes. Cramming for a final, but I will DM you Friday.
I'm Not Saying I'm Bad or Look Better Then Anyone but.. the bitches that say that Shit are
haha true if you're gonna do it, might as well make some paper with it lol
yep mine says boss bitches boss! m yea buddy!
Enjoy your #420 day.
Can't wait till my !! I know is excited.
Best Boards From Cape Surf Cocoa Beach are up.....Remember automatic 10% OFF for hitting the LIKE button!!!!
not even an hour into studying and i find myself on twitter
's Laker tank gave my band & I good luck & we tore that stage apart. Party.
good! Fucker. RT“: Just In: Former State Sen. Espada Found Guilty Of Four Counts Of Theft”
“: are those books seriously amazing!?!?!” Yes! I'm on the last one. SO good! Can't wait for the movie ;D
From May 1-14, Green Valley Lib will feature exhibit consisting of 6 decades of artwork of actual ETs (aliens) drawn by/for people abducted.
so then the next part is trickier - have these different threads converged on similar design approaches for a reason?
RT : Last thing on specially UK fans. Do you not realize you get EVERY recruit you want? New age, spoiled fans. Shame on you
niggas Aint Got no Communication Levels Thats Whyy I don't Even Try @!!!!
now you get to be on top of Cody when you go to the beach(;
Educause core services have been redesigned to be easier to use and administer
i know what you mean...my old ones fadin away...slowly but surley
Eh..........really don't wanna sleep. Bout to hit up Lisa and see if she's trying to go work out. Need some assistance today lol
Regularly check your #foundations for cracks and old patches. V shaped cracks are serious. Find an expert.
Follow me so I can dm you
Really great show tonight. Big thanks to , & /via
Dear Ken, did you know Barbie's knees dont bend?? good luck with that...Sincerely,Bratz (: #cracksmeup!
says MAX Blue/Red Lines have returned to servicing all stops. Riders should expect some delays as regular service returns.
why do u guys gotta talk smack. Don't start an East vs. West coast war.
Empty Google Reader.
nope sorry i don't think shes going can you answer a question were you guys going to go to walmar
Trust teh Pale RT : only because a pale white man told me to! It shall be done
Keep practicing for those auditions Actors! You can rock it!
whats stopping her if she did?? Listen I'm off this, Im not going thru this with u and she not even responding
Who knows with ! But that was the cheapest shot I've seen in a LONG time.
Friday funny: In other news, AOL is suing Yahoo for violating their patent on a method for systematically dismantling a technology company.
Even the Sun Sets in Paradise.
Let's be twitter friends. You follow me and we friends follow back you to grow fast followers
Hello Everyone. I was just able to get back into my Twitter account
That the solution I'd give him if I were the Judge. Along with a little "snip & clip"!
Perhaps batterypower.co could help? US company, great pricing, free shipping and a years warranty included!
her husbands wish was 2b buried at Forest Lawn. She chose not to bc she doesn't waste money on the dead, had him cremated instead.
AND I'M OUT... ZZOOOOOMMMMM
Exports=Weak USD$? Is the plan to prop up Am mfg at the expense of high-tech economy? Good for unions; bad for college grads. Demagoguery.
Rumors are true! is now officially launched and live with #LevelUp! Go forth and snag some inspired burritos with your phone :)
Leaving "chilly" 70 degrees, going to "warm" 30
The seagulls are taking over the bleachers by force.
If couples who are in love are called 'love birds', then couples who always argue should be called 'angry birds.'
2 for 1 all night at Qbar. Just what the doctor ordered.
could you send a quick email to for more info?
Time to paint some more...
People that do that are SO annoying. RT You don't have to respond to everything
Cherry Jones is fantastic on Awake. Always enjoy seeing her working!
"Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years."
Something I've always wondered... when there's a dog in a novel, why does it ALWAYS die? I don't even like dogs and I cry every time!
And Just like that, you're more lyrical than Soulja Boy and Waka Flaka.... RT Two tears in a bucket, motherfuck it
Totally gonna find my Soulmate tonight, if I meet a guy who also has all of Soul Man starring Dan Akroyd on VHS.
There's a goal. All tied up now #Avalanche tie it up @ 2 with 10mins remaining!!
Anybody who wants to add me as a friend on Facebook add me Lenny Edwards with my same profile pic
Our school board in Middleton is busting our teacher's union. We have INCREDIBLE teachers in my kids' school. My heart is broken.
LOVING THIS!
just saw this. Thanks :)
One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninety-nine who have only interests. ~John Stuart Mill
It was a methaphor 4 taking a true deep look @ urself which no 1 can tell u! Not even ur mom u have 2 discover it
Destinations signs on buses on new MetroEXpress routes will feature the end point of each route to aid passengers.
Confront today's challenges head on!
And weren't they amazing?! Great bands/shows tonight
Awesome! Thank you!
Think im sticking to 4 girls & 4 Guys keeping it in family bridesmaid and groomsmen
no problem
ditto...wonder if they are gonna be just as glitzy or less so cuz it's the U.S.
Sept 16th we'll be at the state fair! 7PM
Looking at your pictures now. You probably had a great night last night. :)
Check out HoneyBlaze Facebook page and like it if you like our wings..
I need a recommendation for an inexpensive, ez to use video recorder. Is #Flip the way to go? Never bought one, need advice.
ur a cutie pie
I like hearing white folks saying World Peace
I love scrolling thro my Instagram line and looking at all tha beautiful chick:) lol follow ya boy ON Instagram..
I saw his tweet and thought I was mistranslating it. Couldnt be. Had to pop it in google translate to double check.
Lmao how YOU sound. You KNOW thats the only way you gets $$$ haha I wouldnt take you commited job no tho ! lol ;))
Ciao friends! TVA pool hang out! Sweet!!!!!!
Pick up some of cute #Turkey cupcakes! Yum!
Watch ya mouth, everybody does that. Kobe, Pierce, KG etc RT : LBJ ole' baby ass. Acting like AI used to.
wow people suck
hey! Thanks for the follow.
Post a picture of it later! (: Oh, there goes your sexy curls! Haha! We will love you no matter what, Mr Sexy! <U+2764>
in bed still recovering from a great Christmas
okay :) if you want it, of course.
Buccos game tonight, Let's go! Playing Bryce harper!
I'm the only person i know who can listen to Eminem, Asking Alexandria, and Sublime, in one day.
It's so nice out today! Cool down with your favorite #McCafé drink!
Good Morning!
Have you read Employment Rage? I wrote it just for you.
Lori versus Andrea? Dang. I'm in Lori's camp for sure...
#MyFaveCelebApprenticeContestantIs Homework.... NOT!!!!
AFA Graduation Tickets Available Wednesday
The Clippers game has been the best playoff game so far.
I think fall will time out perfectly. That seems to be our month, doesn't it?
We live in a world full of people pretending to be something they're not.
I feel like you guys just dont understand man
Now i asdfghjkl-ing love 3e2.
I work at a grocery store, one of my employees called in on Super Bowl Sunday and said, "I accidentally drank a six pack, and don't want ...
Prime example of gender bias on #wikipedia - compare Leonidas Hubbard entry with Mina Hubbard entry!
#NIGHTSWEATS closed, but what a fantastic run! Thank you for being amazing, cc:
Thanks for making a difference!
So excited to have the opportunity!
So glad you're back, you were missed!!!!!
usually the end of August. Why?? You going to come on up and do my hair and makeup??
My proposal was accepted for the Training Magazine conference in Oct. My session will be on Coaching your teams to expand 3.0 possibilities.
Gotcha. Seems like a few of these offer some of functionality you would get from 2010. Will be interested to hear what you use!
Hahaha wow. RT : Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: "I don't shake subs hands." Fair enough.
Thanks for the follow! How can we join the performance?
waitin on God to bless <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> me for all the good I have done
Chocolate strawberries <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
Well, perhaps there's a role in Duplicity for me?! : )
Lol I wonder will I ever get oomf number
We're playin' our songs... when the sun comes down :)
Sightseeing is a strange word. It's snowing like hell here in Brussels. Starting to worry my feet will never be warm again.
whenever i have the house all to myself i have my One Direction time xP
Sitting outside for a few minutes so as not to throw things at my computer screen. Good choice. The work goes well but there's. so. much.
doing FYBA basketball again this season! it starts up again later this year. I'm stoked. I've been playing basketball for 6 years. :P
I'm sure I've heard worse
We never had such a list. Please search before you accuse us.
RT When someone unfriends or unfollows me, I just assume that they have a low tolerance for awesome. LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank for having me
Can't wait for #iug2012 to begin!
I'm insulted, how old am I 19??? I'm a grown ass man lolol
I like your style. ABC is one big party for you :)
SAME! tweet me your loc tomorrow!
I dont know you but I love you. We are the future
Is now, and forever will be a
yeah, been too long.
Kelley busy searching for my birth certificateKOIN Local 6 News
One side of brain is happy; the other not so much
donald is on the packers though!! he needs to win!!
This is your most epic tweet ever. RT Was arrested at #OWS. Now released.
Spending our Sat once again having lunch at the ; had banh mi; I had XCLLNT Wow
Very happy to, though 90% of my answers will be "compost it". The other 10% will be "add more shredded paper to the compost".
Ppl who talk about ppl n try to talk ppl down r so unnecessary... N y wondor y they life is how it is... Neway Nw my fav movie Nortorious
I'm all #socialmedia d out! #nitenite !
#LSCON should we be talking about context or motivation when designing performance improvement?
Oh, Kansas. Also, I hope this is 1 of those self-referential do-don't lists, which means you are wearing pjs & 1 heel 1 slipper
wahhh I know! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> but guess what?!
We hope everyone had a safe and fun Memorial Day Weekend! Need summer plans? CASA is always looking for volunteers for Bmore's Foster Kids!
Audience segmentation coming this afternoon.
#10Facebooktips if you keep changing your status to its complicated please just keep it at single on #Facebook to save your energy
ok boo
YES. Now it's time to focus my powers on #QueenB! Re-writing it today!
Have you ever looked at a picture and seen a stranger in the background? It makes you wonder how many strangers have pictures of you.
google the word godPawn and check that out! blows my mind
Exciting Friday night for me. Wife & kids crashed early, so buried my nose in "Bones of the Hills" for 4 chapters. Big fan of Conn Iggulden.
Rice Christie Brinkleys
No puppy !!! I ain't jealous ! You.mine already!!!!! Duh
He's single! Operation Snag Jake has begun. Stage One: be the supporting friend and show him how trustworthy I am. I'll have him by Xmas.
so you're tweeting while driving? #um I'm telling mom...
Steak quesadillas with cotija & colby jack and peche lambic ale. Good night for food.
u follow me like twitter ;p
#When i think of the people that are special to me it kinda helps even if i know tht they're far away from me.:\
just came across your Black Swan article. Nice work! Very helpful as I'm looking to do the same thing. Also big fan of NN Taleb
#Faith is Knowing
good, thanks :D And don't forget, we're from sweden, so our english may not be the best ;)
Had a great time at church today.
You're going to need a new bed frame...again.
Off to the Ojai Lavender Fest!
haha aww I'm determined to find an awesome cupcake place here
First click attribution -- "This is like giving my first girlfriend credit for me marrying my wife" says,
Thank you! Didn't notice that it rhymed until u mentioned it ;) Have a great day!
right, Great Game, about Brits fighting Russians for dominance in Central Asia.
"Is it possible you get angry from time to time because you wear uncomfortable shoes?" Jay to Gloria
Focus can now move on to development and production of the next project. PRIVACY 2 in the mix someone asked? Hm....
I really need a boy friend
Peepers..we R changing R menu and would love your ideas on any entrees you would like tweaked or you would like us to add to our menu
I'll talk to you at school.
I have power at work...
really dont feel like stepping out in thatcold
RT : Eh, a little late to the game. Now minidiscs are in.
There are 12 people on stage right now and I couldn't tell ya which one is Kool. Whichever one he is, he and his gang are awfully funkay.
Scotland Yard Pub: Football tonight at 8:30! Gonna be HUGE!!
Thanks ImmediaEdu for sponsoring today's #mobile2012 breakfast!
under old CBA none of the rooks would've been allowed since there was no rookie wage scale to expedite contract signings.
Good saturday to work on Betascape - looking forward to releasing the schedule.
You have friends? ;) Well, i guess they're poor.
First time ever im not looking forward to Friday... Gonna miss all my Brothers
Just finished #justified. So sad it's over. Poor Raylan.
wow a long day!!! Alright enjoy the rest of it then ... And don't work too hard lol ttyl
Being alone is far better than being with the wrong person
I see that Seefeel is playing NYC. Is that right? Is THE Seefeel coming out of the ether for some reason?
Completely forgot about #FF ,
#LGBT people in southern states are more likely than northern counterparts to be raising kids. Marriage inequality hurts these families.
I am really over all these little kid games.
This nigga in here dressed like a hospital patient lol
is giving a great keynote for our #anythink Tech Fest! Libraries: From Grocery Store to Kitchen
Mike Krzyzewski and Duke go one and done in tournament for first time since '96 loss to Eastern Michigan.Only 2nd time ever under coach K
#christmas Can't get your Christmas gift shipped in time - remember: Florists Do It Daily
It really helps us when we have to get up for class. we just.. don't. go. lol
Attending event with Drupal founder
RT : Varick & King. 11-3 - A perfect day for a fancy grilled cheese!!
Pls do a story on the impact of false accusations against PPD officers.. Get the Wyatt transcript & read it unanimous verdict
12: You're pretty but i don't think we've ever talked. You should tweet me more(:
they are the worst RT I seriously hate cuban mops...a.k.a "T" >_<
what's up Joe?? Just want to say that I'm a big fan and will u follow me on twitter????????
FOLLOW BACK???
Thinking about treating myself now that I'm back to normal after that heartbreaking loss. Applebee's it is tonight.
hahaha i made a street team finalllyy(:! like i said i would on the ustreammm!!!(: its fallon btw
I miss you to
two weeks of antibiotics for this contagious flu/sinus infection... maybe I shouldn't be serving food jcs..
Some nights I wish that this all would end, cause I could use some friends for a change.
"Better Living Thorough Alchemy."
Thanks to all of our new followers! We're gearing up for some exciting things during the fall. Stay tuned.
yes you do :) thanks<3
#Asterisk RT : Phiily 79, Chicago 78. For the second straight season, a No. 8 seed has taken down a No. 1 seed.
East Coast Residents: As a media professional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
no problem <3
LOL~ I found that quite odd myself.
Oh god, I think Eric's here. No. You're creepy and oooolllddd
2% milk is so much better than skim milk. Eating healthy BLOWS.
what a fabulous day :)
Ditto! RT : Thanks! RT : Congrats on the great magazine piece Heidi!
he doesn't like it, so I was just thinking about an alternative that maybe my daughter would like too...
SO glad u were there to rock out. Ya killed it!
Individuals sometimes feel insignificant & doubt that one person can make a difference in this world. We believe one person can. -Mary Kay
LOVED "Over!" We want more!
thanks bro. No clen. Though armor.
oh i thought u wer gonna say "CAUSE ITS SUMMER BREAK MOFO.
i just need to get in shape, breath easy.. run distances in matter of certain time..
OMG! Wouldn't have a life! Twitter owns TweetDeck now, so it's improving. Very useful when set up right. Love the "timer" feature!
MT Thanks for helping spread the word.
praying every day? But god has a plan... So either your prayer is with god's plan, or it's against it. If against, what's
Swift as the Wind, Silent as a Forest, Fierce as Fire and Immovable as a Mountain. <U+98A8><U+6797><U+706B><U+5C71>
Someone please invent fat free nuetella
You Don't Know How Lovely You Are ...No One Said It Was Easy .......
just read all hostages released
There ya go! Way to do it boys!
Stop Living On Other People's Opinion. Believe In Your Strengths And Capabilities****Your Life Will Never Be The Same****
RT : People just don't 'give up' on people. You must've done something wrong.
The winner has been contacted.
Micky and the Motorcars tonight @ Pub Fiction! Doors open at 4:30! Don't miss it.
problem is not everyone is fit for college. But stigma associated with not going to college.
Happy star wars day!
cheers Lorenzo!
Good morning, we have some great news: It's Friday!
So...Duke just got assaulted by a bum & knocked him in the face. He is now bleeding. In other news, the vinyl release show was great.
Idk wat is running threw my mind ctfu so muc right now :/
Did all home teams win this weekend?
Please RT: What's your favorite #Bannedbook and why? Let us know. Think for yourself. WWW.teasecatalog.com
Lieberman/Coburn Medicare proposal raises eligibility age from 65 to 67, adds list of income requirements
anotha good taurus like me! Wink! Muahz!
Last presentation in the last class of the year.
Mr. B on his first theater experience, a place of power that carried thoughts & images that cd influence people profoundly.
I'm not chubby bitch“
My wife got tickets: tomorrow we will celebrate anniversary at Minnesota Rollergirls match. A+ for novelty,but these are complicated times.
So thankful for the whole team plowing in prayer at UofL for 5 straight weeks. Next Sunday we move to Beulah Church and Delightful Way.
Who is going to see John Caparulo at the Historic Turner Ballroom tonight? Starts at 8 p.m.!
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I don't want to deprive myself of good food. What's your excuse?
i know you hate me doe.
Do any doing #EAD know why in instances whatever "instance type" you pick automatically gets generated???
What are you gonna do? :-)
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.
thanks Ali, knew you'd be impressed! lol
Missing musashi, so we are having teppanyaki in honolulu! It probably won't be as good..
I just wanna be in bed right now.
Definitely left wide open!!
he's better behind the camera- as someone once said- I "have a great face for radio".... :-)
Live My Life Limitless Like I'm On NZT .
I hear a Tosa TweetUp is in the works. Are you participating?
The Greg Biffle fan must be going nuts right now.
No shit. That was a serious workout for my heart rate.
BREAKING NEWS: Sig Alert on I-805 in Chula Vista. Latest on NBC 7 San Diego at 11 p.m.
of course that's after I tore the house the car call rue 21, sallys, maurices, and was talking to WALMART screaming I found it!!
Had someone imply I might find alligator in back seat of car-I'm assuming positive intentionality so am sure he means alligator shoes :)
hey qtip. I love you what's up/
+1 RT Q2. Worse was the bone pain from the white blood cell booster shots. Knocked me to my knees right in front of them.
watching keepinng up apperances and then are you being served? ! i love #britishcomedy!
RT : Since we're scaffolding-covered we decided to give away something chocolate-covered; come in, today only, for free choc.
Wait, we meant quit. shit.
it's fantastic, I can share things that are so much more personal.... intimate
Because I was on the bridge directly above the OB Metra trains, the locos sprayed me with their smoke...which was perfectly fine with me!
I choose to build a better world with our talents..not destroy it with envy for those who think they have no talent
Oh, definitely. Too bad they didn't get entire original cast, but Bruce Willis + The Rock are hard to pass up.
(((Vicki))) I hope you have a great Mother's Day with some WCM in there somewhere! Have fun!
I feel like I'm in an episode of community
There's a mapping format out there called geoJSON. Is there anything JSON can't do?
"FAT TUESDAYS" Up Elevated Lounge, .25 cent wings, $5 Hurricanes,$3 Corona's & Buds,Happy Hours Prices All Night all
Good work today for my teammates that did the field workout in weights today.
You laugh because Im different, I laugh because youre all the same..
Twitter handles for this morning's panels- Marketing and Advertising:
Nice..tonight?
Opening session at opengovwest.com. Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn talks about his campaign's Twitter strategy. Also: He uses Basecamp.
Summer objectives: get money party bullsh** and vacation all damn summer with main b*tches!
I think there's a way to cut yourself off of replies, or remove yourself from the list. Annoying & pester-y little problem, true.
Robby is a damn punk...
i hope the ppv is good this weekend.....
Unfriending, not upfriending. Can you tell it's Friday? I sure can.
WHAT THE EFF. My Library doesn't say what time it closes. I NEED TO KNOW! I NEED TO GET THE NOTEBOOK!
The 'average bet' metric shouldn't be the only indicator of a player's level. I play every day - the total $ played is in the 96th %ile easy
UPDATE ON EPI-PEN ADD....It has been removed!!...:)
Challenging & if followed effectively, YOU could be in on the most popular trend in making money today! That's Real Estate Investing!
I would have gone! Funniest show on tv.
OMFG!! SAYSOMETIN IS MY NEW JAM!!
Hi there...Well I just bought a house. So things are good.
Thanks Katie. Any Derby plans?
but seriously! Not a single smile... Everyone looks like they have PTSD
it was great fun. We will have to do it again soon.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. -Phil 4:13
But there's MORE than just Mona. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Finally springlike weather
She's a wonderful songstress. Her voice will get you through tough times. lmao
train express to my stop!! #jackpot :)
Burned coffee at the cute independent place is more than a girl can tolerate.
A poor choice of words for a children's movie...
I'm not sure when I'm coming down next. is coming up this weekend.
In love with your music!!!! keep it up :)
#ImThatPerson who will let things go because holding something in isn't going to do you any good!
Why its the south by southwest music festival... Austin Texas.
I'm at springs boys high what an awesome school I wish I was at that school to bad I'm a girl
its a bobble head aka a female that gives blowjobs on a daily basis lol
I cannot access facebook on my iPod? Wtf !?
Mornin Tweeples! Hallelujah HE'S Worthy To Be Praised!
My mom is playing Boys 2 Men- A Song For Mama. I love this song very sweet :_ )
Watching #Mobbed. Interesting story. I actually saw Howie last year Pretty cool.
I miss my sista
Down!?RT : Im gonna apply at Barnes and noble or best buy for the summer:b anyone down to apply with me?:b
The drama of pain comes when we try to re-direct the blame.
Lol you keep thinking that but, is al mine, and no, you did not give him aids. :) back off my man nigga!
Loll yess. That was what he implied. hahaha. I thought it was funny cause I was gasping/wheezing. But then again...
Trying to use my code you sent to me after the 11/11/11 deal. Let me throw you more of my scrilla! Keepin' it
ive been pretty good i guess, so how are things going? hows school? =p
#MajorTurnOn guys that play baseball
After a long morning of email not working - I think I am back up and running
Oh how I wish there was a magical treatment to obliterate my allergies to everything.
Listening to Shaun drop some vocal tracks and watching Burlesque in the studio. Such an inspiring movie
I wonder if Rachel ever got her ice cream last night... Or put on pants.
still trying to figure out how to explain to my parents that i'm playing hockey next year. not this college bullshit
Bitch talks shit bout me when Im not in class thts cool, remember mutha fucker I got friends everywhere! Wait till Monday! Guna be so petty.
Leaving in 3 days :-D
HA OMG that girl has my hair!
Thanks for the love! We're so happy to meet you!
Why not? Lol RT : I suggest you don't. Lmao.
At least we won't have Seth Greenberg to whine when VA Tech is left out. RT“: 10 mins to the NCAA Lacrosse Selection Show.
Thanks for the kind words! Hope to see you in for it again soon! We'll have it again June 2nd.
Mom: "Come down!" You: "Okay." -a member from 1D tweets- you: ~le stay online and never go downstairs~
Fing hats auto spell changer
not as much as those 7 other girl's that you cheated on me with!!
thanks for coming to the show!
Psalm 120:6-7 KJV My soul hath long dwelt with him that hateth peace. I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war.
#ff amazing model and actress.
Time to work off all the Superbowl food I ate with
When gangsters call each other I get amused. They're all like "Fuck that nigga SmokeyOner!"
Not suprised we got about 5" of snow yesterday. No wonder it was hard walking out yesterday. Most of the city got 1, but we got dumped on.
The cashier at my Circle K is a real circle jerk sometimes.
I finally convinced Wifey to let our dog Coco get neutered after four years of inappropriate behavior. Coco's, not me or my wife.
nah he said hello.. lol
thanks, Tom. You make it all worthwhile.
Happy B-Day (belated). Nice photos: half expected to see Amy in Deerstalker hat :)
Congrat! New York Giants. I know New York was going to win.
The hubby just calls me from work and says he wants to go house hunting this weekend. A house on Oahu, don't have to ask me twice. :)
That Artest elbow is on Stern. He was supposed to have kicked that maniac out of the league when he WENT IN THE STANDS AND PUNCHED A FAN.
this would only .... Spilling redish nail polish on her fingers.. it looks like she fingered her self whe she was on her DOT.
I hate the #BridgeDwellingTroll ... and followed by the
Ariana without Victorious would still be were she is today.After 13 she'd probley get a record deal & go on a world tour.She'd still luv us
enjoyed creative economy article & would like to make an introduction to Duke Prof and author Carl Nordgren will email u more
5 years later, I've joined Foursquare...and I think I like it? One things for sure, Yelp and I are so done.
I'm afraid to lose that one thing I'm happy to have in my life.
Weight Watchers at Work starts today. I hope we have enough people signed up!
.never mind! I get to kick it with him! <3
ya I get those too
ask him how many vampires he has destroyed ...didn't you know he never died, he's a vampire now-must be true I read it in a book
On my plate right now for acting class: On Camera exercise tomorrow waiting for sides, one monologue, three scenes.
Hey Milwaukee! It's like spring out there. It will melt your stresses away.
love you too hannah<3
look at you, you little activist!
Cannot upgrade seat while checking in for flight. REALLY ANNOYING. Calling support now.
What server are you on? I'm on Helm of Graush. I rolled a Smuggler GS.
never say never is the quote i live by <3
same watching some family guy.
It is now time for Friday Night #SmackDown!
You don't think our officials are just going to be happy w/ titular changes & the vote only??!! LOL!
fixing our economy shouldnt allow our president to spend more money we dont have
While majority of Filipinos are fluent in English, I still believe that a local translation will captivate more readers
#writing at my favorite remote office-Panera. Blueberry bagel w/cream cheese, fresh squeezed o.j. & honey ginseng tea. Ready for brilliance!
CP3 easily around Tony Allen...
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. -Winston Churchill
June 2nd and ! sounds good to me!
Your mirror and your camera have two completely different ideas of what you look like!
Thanks for having me. Always a blast. Sooner or later, Baltimore fans will get to enjoy baseball again.
Tomorow is gonna be god <U+2764>
If you live in the greater Cincinnati area, you can text the word HEALTH to 300400 RIGHT NOW to sign up for our FREE mobile health program!
Soon There WONT Be ANYTHING That I CANT Do
i aint watching mayfeather till he fight pacman#who cares if he cheats beat him down.....mtm said it tired of cowards
we'll definitely be contacting you about a future event! :)
Wait, what episode?
looking forward to you taking us there
mom side some anyway
can't wait to hear about your first day at your new job!
RT : Au contraire... you won! <-- good point. It was a lovely, vintage ceramic bedpan after all!
I'm here for business, but hopefully I can have a little fun tonight anyway.:-)
Wrote another song I'm pumped about, ran 3 miles, and have eaten healthy all day. Now if I can keep this goin I'll be set ha
What was the best holiday gift you have ever gotten?
damn straight. Lol
Wow thanks for all of the RTs today, friends! See you on Monday! :)
One of my favorite passages!
I haven't used it at home, but I believe Makeda in Greenwood uses it during the summer and it's always pretty tasty
On the real, new bands coming together nicely. Slowly but surely. We'll make an official announcement in the next few weeks.
Happy Perm!
and how do you know who to follow without getting past 110 following. Why?
“: Who you guys picking tonight?..”--who you got?
Job interview tomarrow, kinda nervous thoee >.<
Grab a Snickers!
Of course! My apologies RT : CHEESE!! For the love of the Royal Monarchy, you need CHEESE
okay going to chill out for a while. Tweet me and I'll respond when I get back!:)
I wish I could've gotten a pic of me in the sound booth just now! So cool! I wanted to be like..."can I get more snare in my headphones?"
.. they did it to Michael
Congrats to on his Grammy nod!
I've been running bad the last 2 days on Full-tilt, my monster hands running into bigger monster hands. Oh well I'll be back there tomorrow
Come support our cause at our "Fit Fiesta" coming up this May 4th. Live Band, Food, Drinks, Auctions, Raffles, Kids Games, Dodgeball Tourny!
It's because House Republicans keep tacking outrageous riders to funding bills that have nothing to do with funding.
Watching the 'Cities' episode of America: The Story of Us, completely enthralling.
I am so thinking of pretending that i am sick so i dnt have to go to school tomorrow!! =D
aww tear & not trying to be slick.
Fucking people who bike on the road
Need to stay focus n positive
Shout out to for shedding some tears before the game even started haha
Apparent outbreak of tapeworm in the Pittsburgh area - this can be treated with Niclosamide, compounded by Hieber's. www.Hiebers.com
.RT : With Peralta & Salcido called up, only 1 overage spot left. It'll be a GK, & all signs point to #CruzAzul's Jesus Corona
Passions by K will be at the Ultimate Fashion Shopping Experience tomorrow Dec. 17th at Mia at Biscayne Blvd. Don't miss it!!!
"hey black jesus, do you give a fuck?...o you MUST give a fuck."
I'm not there either :-( would kill for some, the pizza in sf should be ashamed to try to call itself that
I hate feelin like this
my name is not Kelly Rowland
Our view: we want gov't OUT of our bedroom, Dr's office & house of worship. & back dealing w/economy & national security.
Sounds like it was a good day!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. .....Dr. Seuss
Sometimes when you least expect it, good things happen.
Duh! Of course.
#ToBeHonest...If you are handling your business, I'll follow! If you blubber 'senseless tweets'...don't count on it!
I actually cooked breakfast and made coffee BEFORE getting on the computer this morning!
yo when are you guys recording with Zach? I'm totally down for guest voxx
LOL good one!! RT : - Do they take double coupons? Can we use our rewards card at checkout too? LOL
He said he'd never give up. He said he'd always love me even though I broke his heart... He lied. And now I'm falling apart. Why me?
Black womanhood as an oxymoron? Lifetime project,
glad you can man up and admit that!
thanks so much for the kind words. It's been a great ride!
Come on grizz let's get some offensive rebounds
Let’s promote peace and tranquility - TUC
This weekend has been awesome
dear fans, no matter how many draft picks you make, you're still down 4 super bowl rings
hey lil bitch
welcome back to the Twitterverse! You've been missed :)
FAMILY FRIEND
A big thank-you to for organizing the nonprofit meeting held today. great people, great work- thanks again for all your support!!
I have no idea how you do 6 days every week. I do it twice a month and it drives me crazy.
Every timethey met, it was more decided and remarkable
Lunch atop bucks elbow mountain-cedar buzzards and lichen and clear sky
Just had a great skype session between Saundra Mitchell, author of Shadowed Summer and my students
When I look at all that I have been blessed with in a gracious God, fiance, family, friends, players, job , etc. I realize how blessed I am!
We both have 139 followers ... lol.
u den go 2 da track meet
Off to China in the morning to begin diss data collection. Wish me luck!
Farmers Market here I come! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
Chairman Upton says that Hydropower Regulatory Efficiency Act is what "all of the above" energy policy is all about.
aw man, now I miss TV. I like that show
Manny D's DBs could stop that Duck Offense
I've reached 100 followers! Watch out Charlie Sheen.
"Teaching with technology" is the exact same thing as "teaching", unless you're just talking on the grass with no books, notes or exams.
Alright everything bad today is over!
only in math problems can you buy 70 canteloupes and nobody asks wth is wrong with you...
RT Fantasy football draft day is better than Christmas
It's been a while since I graced the office with my presence. Nobody seems to give a shit I am here.
Montee Ball is a touchdown machine! Total man crush on russell wilson!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet My Georgia gal I mean since we are basically long lost twins.
I'll keep em comin - don't know if you saw but www.crowdclick.com has MKE deals and today is Hotch-A-Do 50% off
lol it's not even like that. I ll fill u in later :)
since when. If they didn't get $$$ from gov they would of closed doors long time ago.
Lmfaooooo this girl behind me actually makes me laugh..like I sincerely giggle.
And I ask myself: Why does follow Sesame Street?
J LO'S SOO CUTE !
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone.
#CancionesOrgásmicas Government Hooker
Went last minute New Year's Eve shopping @ Mitsuwa & ate oishii Japanese food. :)
Sorry to hear the news! Sounds like he was very loved.
We're really enjoying our time at the #MPSA2012 meeting. Love the Palmer house, Chicago & the attendees interest in international Politics!
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
congrats on 3 million :) i think u get around 1 million follower every month or so :)
I can't get a follow cousin
Thanks for coming in! Looked great!
DYK: half the population on this planet has an income of $2 a day or equivalent to. That's 3 billion people.
Happy 4th of July Seattle! We will be closed tomorrow in celebration of the Holiday! See you Tuesday.
As 2011 winds down, David Malitz () picks his top 10 albums of the year:
Looking good, Darren P.
Well it's getting late...Going to bed...school tomorrow:/ so....GOODNIGHT EVERYONE<3
if the jury finds Dr. Conrad Murray not guilty, I'm pretty sure all hell is gonna break loose.
Apparently the clock in my truck is < or = 1 min off. *see previous 2 tweets*
i know right?:D
Parent Union parents attending Arne Duncan town hall in Pico Rivera
If I ever lose you, I know exactly where to look RT : Spotted in the archives: a #UDel student government ad from
Sting put on a fantastic show and his band really rocked. Ran into Sting on the way out taking a photo with fans on the way to his limo.
So true -> : So people care about Blake dunks when they're against the Lakers. Okay, got it.
I apologize in advance for my coffee breath
RT : Are you a teacher in the process of implementing the common core? Our reporter wants to talk to you
happy birthday fam!
fuck it. It's Friday.! :)
Jamie Lee Curtis looks awesome!
No spam and very glad to connect with you.
Gettin' ready to rock the shit out of Green Bay. It's been awhile. This cough ain't stoppin me
This is a reminder to myself to by lottery tickets tonight. Hello 500 million dollars in my pocket
Hey Beth Love your open mindness about any and all cases, both sides did a great job.
What was your reaction to Romney winning the Iowa Caucus? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
#ReasonsToGetNaked I'm going in the shower!
Leaving RIC for St. Vincent, tagging along with IHC to provide medical care to local kids. Mondial donated the medical team's trip.
Chase just approved me for an AARP card. "the card for people who weren't born yesterday". Someone just grossly miscalculated my age.
If I wasn't changing my ways I would have let him have it but since I am I'm just gone let god deal with him he know..
: The Comic Sans - if you go there you can get a matchbook from Helvetica, for an alibi
Call off the tournament. Just give Syracuse the title.
RT : "Those who argue against leverage don't know what leverage means." Thank you ! PRECISELY!!!
": You all taste much better when you're afraid. ~ Pennywise" Tim Curry was SO visually disconcerting in said role!!
I fully agree. And can suck it - "we were the victim..." Bullshit. Be ashamed. Be very ashamed.
my co-founder just got an invite to contractually and can't stop using the f word to describe how awesome it is.
Ticket alert! If you want to see the Saturday evening First Niagara Holiday Pops concert buy now! Less than 100 tickets left in the house!
I decided that im gonna start making #imagines so tweet me if you want an austin mahone story or one direction
You would think my computer would recognize the word "Cartomania" by now.
in that case you shouldn't have to pay at all
Next time someone says "I should have done it when I was younger" point out that they're now smarter, more financed, and just scared not to.
absynth is my favorite sound design tool after supercollider. I love it.
Having myself a Coors Light
LOVE HOW SOME PEOPLE ARE NICE!x SOME ARE FUK*N ARSHOLES!x
Haha I love it, "Everything important has been said before." - Alfred North Whitehead.
I can't believe that I am saying this, but I'm actually excited to go to Summerfest this year. We just got killer tickets for Tiesto
An SLP I work with feels EI kids should be working on dev lang, not artic. I disagree with that. Hence the question.
Have a great weekend!
Tonight hass been pretty depressing... :(
God... These guys have been so sweet, and hot, fur or no...
will do.
Watchin parkers why my daddy work on the club ...
Come out to the biggest Sunday BRUNCH party tomorrow
Last "long" run before the mini.... oh man, I was struggling! I just finished a 6.04 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Turning in early tonight. Goodnight twatter. Peace Loge Jonas.
Bubba's scramble on the second playoff hole was too much...deserved it after a shot like that
Thanks for favoriting and for the RT!
Thanks for the like, Darrell Green!
thanks my friend for the props !
Excellent! Have a great time with it. I really like that play.
What a Special Web sight for abused Children!!!!!! Great Cause!!! www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com help us help them
My 6 y.o. just made up a new game called Smack-A-Face. Predictably, it ended in tears.
As of today, I have tested 's tolerance for an entire year.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.--Aldous Huxley
seriously? how?
It's hard to hear God when ur so loud. Shhhhh
OK please follow she is great
Partying Tonight. DJing Thursday Night. Private Event Friday. DJing a Very "COOL" Event on Saturday!!
I do however have grape soda and it's MAJOR
good morning cynthia happy thursday
Got some work and errands done this morning...hitting the road here in a little bit to test out my SpiBelt and then to blog about it!
#ARL12chi Apologies...the scholarly identity session was cancelled because Clifford Lynch couldn't make it to Chicago due to weather.
So my prediction was correct: The Artist won for best film
“: So, James Harness has gone "the way of the Dorsey." #GoldRush”...sure seems like it.
yay! so awesome. great work, guys!
We are planting beans, but only over by the trellises. We have several really big raised beds and can't put beans in all...
Cool. Thanks
That or the fact that Buff squandered all their high rd picks on bad talent.......
Don't worry, it's not graphic
im up for a meeting after 5pm
mobile is broken end i gona bay iphone 4
Went to event for governors race Kathleen Faulk and Kathleen vinhout were there...and 20 people. Not crowd you want days before election.
I see the weather is giving us hell again.
prolly an accident
why cant you all be funny?
the door is right behind you bitch
I doubt he'd like to listen to himself over and over AND over again all day.
good place! try their biscuits!
Meghan McCain is the only serious heir to the William F. Buckley branch of the GOP. This is dark in many, many ways.
This is why I should not be awake at these hours.
California scares me. And I don't like the 'must drive everywhere' thing in LA. I'm used to NYC.
There is opportunity for folks of all ages to help with What did you have in mind?
yes awesome
BC they love their fans! RT : Ravens have been in playoffs 4 straight years, gone 3 straight without raising ticket prices.
i going to plant some corn
BE YOURSELF because an original is worth more than a copy.<U+2665>
This mango lemonade is so freaking delicious
I understand! thank you! and I agree very much. places are like people. you can see the truth in the heart!
love you! And you're right! #missyoumore I better see you a lot more when I get back down to cape!
loll...I'm getting that shirt made!
w00t! Thank you!
You drive me crazy.. But I still love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
o ok. my meet and greet was at 1:00 pm we waited outside for like an hour but it was soo worth it
Dr. Walter, a pediatric sports medicine specialist, will be discussing concussion on Fox 6 Wakeup News tomorrow morning around 8 am
Regrets collect like old friends.
Aww, thank you, John. I'm very happy to be following you! And thank you also for the retweet. :)
“: They should let the drivers run on the rack, foot race to the finish! 2 laps! #Daytona500 #NASCAR”
If you huff and puff too hard, you just might blow your own house down.
go for it. Let us know when u release the book.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld ANIME AND MANGA AND VIDEO-GAMES
~+..-! SATURDAY....CLUB MATRIX...SATURDAY...MATRIX...PARTY..SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Mainland tomorrow. Hopefully I will get a chance to bowl and show mainland what is up.
Ed Doctors say that Nordberg has a 50 - 50 chance of living, though there's only a 10 percent chance of that.
Fort Collins! Come see us tonight at Ramskeller... 10:30 pm. Love u
i have that game its so cool
Tonight Get Romantique! Jazz w/ Hot Club of Hulaville,Valentine's Day, with Miss Willow, chanteuse! @ Honoulu Academy of Art
my godd id rape u
There doesn't seem to be any value in changing your own oil.
so is it saying "your not authorized to view these tweets " to you to ?
MUST READ BOOK: The Great Crash Ahead by It contains key insights on dangers and opportunities of the new economy.
cool. thx for the info! we'll get there eventually.
: Hey there!
You never know what you have lost, until you are standing in a room with that person not being able to call them yours.....
I have Long Beach St. in the sweet 16. New Mexico is a one man show
We're just friends. So tell him to go get his mothers phone. LOLOLOL.
what courses are you teaching? Maybe a free presentation from UC's Classics Outreach program? Facebook.com/UC.Classics.Outreach
I-re-need to evacuate.
but he not follow me :P ahah
Adornment is as much a part of our tradition as anything, but extensions and chemicals on children? too damaging.
The only thing better than SUBWAY is free SUBWAY. Play #trivia today and you can win a $10 gift card so watch for it this afternoon!
just finished writin this song for the studio tomorrow. as usual im not thrilled about it. i always feel like i can do better
yes yes!! I can't even tell you how much I've needed this break. Life = stressful lately! Glad u had a good day!!
#SaaScon Gene power user of Google apps, gPlatform. Innovation key consideration. $50 per user per year. Simple, Avail, Flexible, mobility
Thanks, the pleasure is mine.
Daily Dose of Goodness: Benjamin Franklin said, "An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest." So learn something new today!
maybe if i ignore her she will leave
that is so cool! Congrats to you.
Writing all the scenes from Act 3 I know how to do first, then will fill in the rest. Got to build momentum to get to the finish.
This tip works : Getting into the habit of setting time limits for tasks will keep u motivated and help manage your time.
Was there Friday morning and some guy came over and told us we were talking too loud. :(
All the Spurs' have to do is run the ball down the floor, Tony P is too quick for the Lakers' it's been shown on Tuesday night.
bol thanks!! We love going to visit Santa. This was Otis' 5th year going! We're excited to share this tradition w/!
Eye doctor... Woohoo
"Against Fascism," Sonic Youth. Feeling nostalgic for the rollicking go-go antigovernment stance of the first Bush regime.
the hush puppies look good. I dont eat fish but I like them w/ chicken.
Grizzlies. Clippers.
apparently the word's gotten out!
I appreciate that! Soon as I get to my laptop I'll check the video you linked.
The 9 May of 2012 A person followed me :) thanks :) I love you so much :D
#jokeoftheday Hiring an escort is a lot like opening a box of chocolates, you'll never know what you get until she knocks on the door!
oh yes it does. We got down. Lol
succesful bake sale with :)
Saying "What" but then 1 second later realizing what they said
I'll take my chances =)
Children are for people who can't have dogs. ~Author Unknown
Hawks trippin but we only down 8
TY for the love!
Karens Body Beautiful Flash Sale 12pm-1pm ~ 50% off Butter Love ~ Use Coupon Code FLASH
what would be the first song you would do a cover on?(:
#SinceWeBeingHonest, I don't actually forgive you, I just missed having you around.
Hey now, I never said I didn't like it. I feel you
Which ACC team are you speaking of? How is Syracuse being challenged? They have been top 10 all year long.
Hey Scott! Are you guys going to put up a mp3 download for the CD like the last one? Thanks! :)
did you go to the concert in Moline ???
#ReasonsYouShouldJumpOffACliff blowing 3 calls to ruin what could have been the only 16 v 1 upset in world history. Asheville got HOSED.
It was a pleasure having you last night! Hope you enjoyed it.
what kernel does BeOS run these days?
great article on working from anywhere..thinking about moving to spain or portugal so thx
I woke up late calm down
pshh, who would do that? ;p
Our PRESIDENT has ACHIEVE many ACCOMPLISHMENTS. The REPUBLICANS has ACHIEVE to reveal to the NATION they have NO CANDIDATE. NLD MOM/ca. surv
I know! Those awards are so freaking messed up! Only on MTV can Bella from twilight beat out natalie portman from black swan!
Its official...im halfway to 50 :))) i feel old haha
Happy Wednesday!
At Tacobell I didn't want the fritos. I asked for a lack of crunchy crap in it and he told me--sure, crunchy crapless burrito coming up! <3
always thinking! Although I'll take quality over quantity, active and engaged over the opposite any day!
Finally home :)
Thanks to everyone for a successful spring book sale! Thanks to our Friends, our volunteers, and to ALL who came out!
Cigarettes are stinky.
Friday night means $3 Beam and Bacardi at Kilroy's Sports Bar!
um.. So I like your about me lol
i like the way you think...
what up dog
yes please!!!
Updating our #facebook application template to the latest Javascript and PHP SDK's.
Fans rushing the pitch! Love it!
yes Beckinsale is beautiful, especially in Serendipity(yeah I saw it) but trust me on this, smokin hot blonde
Right, flipping burgers. I'm going to college next year but I guess that'll lead me to working at McDonalds, right?
moves from relationship between eating & cultural identity to relationship between eating & aesthetics in Hobomok.
Coming home Monday! Stoked for our last 2 shows! Today were in Michigan and tomorrow Chicago!
You see this, ? #CTCH606 RT Pretty awesome how many Mason folks are using #clioS12. Great way to follow the class.
Happy Mother's Day from the Afterschool Alliance! Thank you for all you do!
thanks for tweeting this!
Oh my God. You really are Sippie Cup! That's crazy because I'm Sippie Cup!
300 points for the Playoff Challenge team today!!!
is hooking us up!!!
Your new website looks great!
ikr!!!! It's not even like she can ever be with brian! Alek & chloe are meant to be!
It's funny because a lot of people thought we were crazy for getting married on that day :) your mom's anniversary too?
Nicely said!!!!
When ur train breaks down and starts running express and skips ur stop <<
She just made my ENTIRE LIFE!!! <3 i love her
I'm a good squirrel!
yep! See you there Cammy!
So take it easy
CCTV America - Washington Correspondent Sean Callebs (formerly of CNN) is on Twitter! Please follow him
Ruben Studdard won't have to pay alimony, and he gets to keep their home plus all his belongings royalties,and all his money,and the ring!
I wish for 100,000 of you, then!
not quite...I'm a procrastinator
How beautiful it was to be anything at all.
Midnight mass doesn't seem nearly as late as it use to now that I'm converted to vampire hours.
Question: if you're happy and loving ya life so much, why yo post be so angry though? 0_°
FOLLOW FOR ME <U+2665>
business about what?
Can't wait to watch Roberto Luongo cry in the press conference!
That Long Time No See Convo With Your Old Bestfriend>>> I Love You Babe!!
Don't count on others to make your dreams come true. Go out and make them come true for yourself.
and with so much detail
Tech Tour Day Five: TC's Tops: TRAVERSE CITY — The Traverse City area is probably best known for beaches, sand dunes, wine and cherri...
Gm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> work flow I gotta get use to waking up at 6:00 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
all of eBay mobile is horrid in my opinion.
You're a peach!
#CulturalMuseums gave excellent presentation stressing role of social media and opportunity for its use in cult specific museums
woo-hoo! can't wait!!
Question from a fan: "Just got an Android phone for Xmas. What apps do you recommend?" Can anyone help him out?
i know i did not do good on that quizz !!!!
If you regularly work with medical equipment,check out our electrical safety course!Designed to identify electrical hazards
LOL my family is haunted, thanks to my long, long ago relatives haha so whatcha doing? :)
Like cold water to a weary soul is good news from a distant land and/or administration.
You see this ? RT : BREAKING: Derek Jeter passes Tony Gwynn, ties Robin Yount on all-time hits list with 3,142.
TY for the mention! RT #Restaurant news: rebound expected for SD eateries and rest of nation in 2012.
Check out my sandless sandbags..Not only for flooding but for a metered type watering sysytem for organic gardens..Contact me for more info.
He is Mr say what you want to hear guy. Reminds me of some ass kissers I've worked with
True blood! :D then GLEE! Then keeping up with the kardashians! :D I love tv lol :)
Indian food, done right, coming to Philly! Mumbai Bistro...visit www.mumbaibistro.com for more info!
Aye cuties <3 ;)
I will learn the waltz and the tango before I'm old <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Ladies & gentlemen, the weather is heating up - time 2 pay attention 2 those areas tht were hidden by clothing all winter -
Sounds like I missed all the good stuff!
I want frozen yogurt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>.
kilMANjaro. As in dudes.
I CAN'T WAIT TILL #BOYFRIEND!!! I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!
These white girls are going crazy in this warm weather diablo it aint that hot.
Are the Clippers gonna do it again?
Can't wait! And yea I think you meant Feb. 2!
I think tomorrow I'm going to write a bade fanfiction about Becks latest update in the slap
There's that too!
Interested in planning events? Want to help your community? Email us at
Yes! Pig climber!! Bastian Schwienstieger delivers.
should the #orioles be saving runs for tomorrow?
All this industry consolidation makes me awfully nervous. Too many eggs in one basket.
yeah for sure
All around me people are moving to the next level - in relationships, work, homes - while I just am, same place for years.
Kool site you have.
Looking forward to Honor Flight and speaking at Jefferson Middle School this week
Denver Black Arts Festival July 10-12. Stop by the Network of Strength booth on July 10.
" the burn means youre doing good!" COOL, now back to xbox. Hahaha
Supernatural is so crazy. So addicted.
Does waiting REALLY make us better people ?
if you want a follow back just ask ((:
All signs say its a girl :-) woot woot!!!
Big welcome to my new friends
Cuz a suit and smile just don't fit me. Taking a bus with some miles is go kill me..pshh maybe a shirt and a tie...
even though I don't usually go for these type of books, I've found the Complete Idiots Guide to Music Theory to be very good
lol yeah ikr so much fun :P
Just wrote a freaking book on my Facebook status. Haha.
Usually they'll ask us what we did this week. Sometimes I'll go to the movies, so I can describe it to them - Donald Scanlon
and then my mom texts me, i'm cool.
i just saw it to! i love the new song!
Should I ask why y'all ministers now?
Thanks for the suggestion! We'll definitely keep it in mind!
Koppers Signs Five-Year Contract Extension With Union Pacific RR - MarketWatch (press release)
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
#ThatOnePersonWho , texts you first all the timee ( :
I love you . <3
Why do tornadoes move so erratically?-They are dizzy
I SEEN YOU SAY ON INSTAGRAM THAT YUR DADDY OWNS A SCREEN PRINTING BUSINESS ADD ME ON FACEBOOK Damon Steen Got The juice'
No problem. Happy to help.
This is the best fucking Friday... EVER!
This heart. It beats. Beats for only you. My heart is yours! <3
That's what free agency is for bro.
Decent chance I have permanent hearing loss
SB45 Biz Lesson # 18: Be Yourself. Flash a little bling to your fans.
I'd like to meet the Dalai Lama so I can say, "Ya know it's 4 in the afternoon, you might want 2 change out of ur robe?"
I spent 25 minutes running. 410 calories burned.
Do you ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
go to sleep homegirl!! That new kitty of yours keepin you up?
Finally caught up with , who moved to the capital of the South! Big things happening on the campaign trail in #2012 for
of course Room 101 is gonna be crazy! Just like last week
:) Hope your year at URI is winding down nicely. What are your summer plans?
back massage pwty please ;)
watching movies with my love.......
Who are you, alien, and what have you done with J??? “: Sidenote: I am really sick of smelling tacos.”
Halftime-Thurgood Marshall boys expand lead over Friendship 40-30 in Washington Charter League Championship
Is over this #flu. It's about time! Did U know that #chiropractic can help clear sinuses, stop #headaches & restore health? www.3cpdx.com
More expired film and Lomo please. Oh... and pretty places with photogenic contraptions.
I can't believe you're in L.a and you haven't visited me yet -_-
We had the sky up there, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss whether they was made or just happened
I want you to know , you're far from the usual.
agreed - thanks for coming over
Avoid going through downtown on your way to tonight's group run in Forest Park. May Day parades and protest making a mess of things.
I don't trust people who don't love to eat.
Thanks lovely!
YES! Book candidate #travel for interviews in your calendar appt - drag/drop changes, alerts, maps, directions, expense reports
I published 4 videos in the past 24 hours and shared them with students ONLY through twitter. over 500 views already. connected
can I just say that I think ur really awesome for not just putting Nialls number out there for everyone :)
#2011in3words I was there.......
For snippets and quotable words of #business wisdom, follow #CFAleadercast today! Keynote speech will be delivered by
I'm so sorry. We got distracted, and I missed your message. Some of the girls left for a track meet. Next time: set alarm! :(
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. ~Mary Engelbreit
The New York media is pretty hyped over the Jets acquiring a backup QB. I wonder why the Chicago media didn't do this for Jason Campbell?
And.... the live music has driven EVERYONE out of the bar. I actually feel bad for the band that is now playing to an empty house.
Best news yet. RT jayemtee Strongest rumor for costume set for #phish #festival8 : Exile on Main St. w/ Sharon Jones on guest vox
We had such a great session tonight!!
Tomorrow is Ash Wednesday and the start of Lent
Cheng’s “A People’s Guide to Los Angeles” showcases sites of struggle. Digital allows even razed sites to still have a presence.
i don't know what to say :(
been cooped up all weekend. i guess getting sick wasn't such a bad thing - finished a couple of beats and found a ton of new music.
I'm on One
#sslive Put someone in charge of knowledge workers performance.
TY Gary for the mention. Have a great Monday!
Getting ready for MLB playoffs which start tonight since both wild cards are tied... also jacked that Brewers are #2 seed in NL
watching television.
There are a lot! We turn them into LMS lovers. RT : a lotta lms haters...
Can't we just bypass Congress and have a rent party?
Very true. Great trade. He did his job and did it well too
BO bad lady.
After School Products is looking forward to seeing you at the #NationalAfterSchoolAssociation Convention in Dallas next Monday
hey i'm inboxing u on fb
these wiz tweets are so funny.lol
Well...this most certainly has been an interesting day with technology.
Curling my hair! <U+2665>
What is this "Crimetime Saturday" on CBS's fall schedule? Reminds me of Crimetime after Primetime - Give me back Dark Justice, #CBS!
Congratulations and a beautiful baby photo!
Gonna try and quit smoking again. So if I'm a little mean to you for the next year, please don't take offense.
. Everything started to fall apart shortly after aki matsuri.
yes indeed :)
solid send nee the beat to my email
i stay awake for my dreams
RT : lmao! I made it up, problem?--- not at all jus Neva herd it lol
Yeah..that's true! Most of my friends I hang out with are go to my church! :)
Lee is intriguing, but I'd rather they not spend the money on him. Ishikawa and Conrad platoon seems likeliest.
shaving cream included. maybe even toothpaste lol.
whats got u annoyed this early?
We're thinking about doing a giveaway for our backers. Let's hear your suggestions!
RT : RT my msg for $5 donations: We are a part of a #HealthyCommunity in Dripping Springs! Thk u for your support!
"A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgement."
Good luck team! RT : Going to the PRisms with my talented teammates.
Nice presentation on Flower Cfrom camp from and in
I have a teaching meeting at reception o'clock. You were meant to bring me for an eye exam too :( You're a terrible mum.
old man just walked by hunched at a legit 90 degree angle. i hope my family just kills me if it comes to that
Stop worrying about what other ppl think
where is the like button for this statement!
try to check out desktop integration theater ppt @ #Bb booth
hey? How bout an orgy?
It's my dog's 5th birthday tomorrow and my mom is getting him gifts, why can't I have a normal family?
I wish I had a mom to say 'happy mothers day mom' to.
Thank you Rick for that lovely, impeccable footage! Looks like San Franciscoans need a look at the Czech road safety film.
The worst things in life come free to us.
Amdrew bird is such a talent. I was really impressed with his show tonight.
I got a tan yesterday!xD
Do everything you do from a place of gratitude.
he has arms like a T-Rex
Mitsubishi Motors Reports April Sales
Blows my mind that 81,112 people in Columbus had nothing better to do today than watch football practice.
you're welcome. hope you enjoy.
stay safe.
#swsx Austin airport taxi line--- darn.
haha love that song
Why does it seem like every class I want to take next semester is Wednesday from 3-6???? Great.
If blind-side becomes a trending topic I'm nuking my hard drive.
My team stay winning :)
Perhaps making the popular vote count for more than horse shit?
nice Paul!!
Thanks for spreading the word about California's !
is back to loving and joy!
Me either! RNG is my fave crew this season!<33 (:
we need to talk again!
Do us a public service. Give us a link to a perfect 1-graf pitch. Great to see a pitch-perfect ex. (Might save you graph-ick.)
RT : Ready to be inspired! "Learning from Inspirational Libraries" #CIL11 Looking forward to an international perspective.
. good point. But lots of similarities. Young. Idealistic. Charismatic. No $. Surge at end. I think Romney won nomination 2night
Left out of the headlines is the fact that out-of-pocket medical expenses are not affordable for far too many, even after HC reform
Thanks to the most powerful MAN in the SON's name for everything. I have nothing to complain.
Pep Pep
I need some new workshoes, the ones I got are busted!!!.
Toothbrushes collect bacteria. Soak them in CloSYS Oral Rinse once a week. Toss them after a month, a cold or the flu. www.closys.com
dude remember when that was the song that played when you called me? a ringback tone or whatever..RT Shaggy - it wasn't me
Now I ain’t saying she’s a gold digger, but a new survey suggests that your girl might be very misleading when it comes to mo
RT : Our on the shooting in Chardon has been updated to include the latest news and reactions from the...
That sounds great! Thanks for such a fun time! :)
ah, wonderful! I need a second cup right about now! Enjoy your day, and thank you!
80% of the time I go to get a snack I'm not hungry, I'm just bored.
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it
Morex....oh i see how it is..
AUSTRALIA WANTS MILKSHAKE CITY!! please i really wanna 1D milkshake! .x
thanks for the mention. I never hear from anyone! Hope you are well.
YES ! CMON I WANT YOU TO GO !!!! LOL
I don't mind it. Just glad I don't have Giancarlo, who may only hit 15 home runs this year.
If you don't have a plan, you're planning to fail.
Oh good, Mick Jagger is going to host SNL. Y'know, I've been saying for some time that the rock and roll mythos isn't dying fast enough. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Best day EVER!!!!
as it should be!!
RT : I am on a kickball team, and no you didn't misread that, it's true//I think I would drive to Nashville just to watch a game
I think you had a twitter explosion.
That pithy analogy comes from Very fitting!
: I hope you said "It doesn't matter what it is - go clean it up for mama."
Rest in peace Jack Lalanne...I am honored to have met you and will carry your message with me always.
fuck it, follow me. I tweet and shit like that.
: new video #speechless is so f ing sexy... Goddbless babygurl I know #basicinstinct gone be a sucess.. One luv
So sad.My daughter is a Sr next yr and thinking about Journalism Major. She is upset.I say follow your passion no matter what.
" I can't believe your cat has more followers then me #FirstWorldProblems"
just hired Jack Del Rio as their new defensive coordinator. I was partial to Richard Smith though :(
true. I can remember being highly skeptical.
i think this day is going to be good !
Instead of waking up to cuddles and snuggles I get a youtube video in my face of a guy singing about fruity pebbles.
I absolutely adored meeting you as well Emily! (: I hope so, but I don't think I can /: We shall hopefully meet again soon pretty!
We love name suggestions like this: ": Also: My Morning Pepperjack”
Have you read the book?
FOLLOW ME :) #TEAMFOODSTAMPS :D
Now: voice 1: (staccato) joy in repetition; voice 2: JOY in repe-TI-tion; voice 3 JOY in re-PE-tition
Next week's #MTshort is going to be DELICIOUS!
They need 2 kick Ron Artest punk bully ass out the league
glad to hear I'm not getting too sappy on you! well I'm going to hit the books. Enjoy the rest of your night.
Just wanked it before bed
: Thank you. It was very unfortunate. I shall photograph kitteh's till THAT's what I see when I close my eyes.
I think I'd be the happiest child alive if you followed or tweeted me or both hahaha! :D <3
kush and orange juice started my day good
Thank you. Have a good weekend. :)
you were there for us back in 1982. 30 years later. We need your support even more. Time for change. Help RT Thanks
awww shucks *blush*
It's so fucking packed here!
yes, it was :( I'm used to losing, I'm a Flames fan too! LOL
Videoshoot on thru.#Tablet....I just Need to stay focused and make sure I make this qoute...
No TE's taken in 1st round this year and last year. First time since '98/'99 drafts that no TE's in back-to-back 1st rders taken
what is it? My phone is being a Marty Lightner and not working... Not wanting to load it.
#weightofthenation What is the SD obesity rate?
sounds delightful!
Go Yanks!! Bronx Bombers All.The.Way!
Yes,FANSHOES my company will be at our 1st t-show @ Camex-Houston next week. Still working with my team in Asia on footwear samples
Trying to load all of our product on ebay and our website is a huge task, but if you can't see it we can't sell it!
Welcome to Twitter who is president of the Apartment Association of Greater Dallas....aka Follow him and them!
Do work today.
yea we been talkin since I got down here.......u goin to statefair0_o?
Mary Beth Schneider is live on talking about Lugar!
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never trained in the rain. SWEAT was insane tonight. I wish it was a little hotter though.
Rockin Dopsie is a heck of a wedding band.
It's frustrating that until a proper index is created, I need to know the exact address of relatives to find them in the '40 census...
I tweeted for you to follow me at 11:11 last night, will you make my wish come true? ;)
hehe , the whole time mrs. Marshall was talking all i heard was tu pac "how do you want it" ;D
That sounds like someone I know.
Would you like us to put you in touch with someone on our team to let you know when that info is available? #WantAnA7 :)
Grilled Chicken & Zucchini with Pesto...i love u~ Dinner was delish <3
I thought 23 people died trying to find the last gnome. I might be misremembering events.
"A glass for the vodka, for the beer a mug, and for the table, cheerful company.”-Russian Toast. OKT Denver to feature its first vodka bar!
I'm so sorry to hear that Bob! Hope everything turns out ok.
ML is a total badass! MT : any friend of Here enjoying the draft beer - would love to meet you!
MSW, Coal Plants Could Bring Hundreds Of Jobs To Marion County
thought that was exciting and made u hard. Now I know death aint exciting and working a real job and raising a family is HARD.
CONSEQUENCES. Just watched DH. That was amazing. Thanks for that.
Kids at Horizon Middle School- no Honor Band practice on 2/15 for President's Day!
Sign I'm getting old: I don't get the appeal of Bruno Mars. Six Grammy nominations?!
Party last night and party today!
At Costco. Kill me.
is it just you? You can stay with us! We're moving closer to the city by then.
#TheWantedOnLENO #TheWantedOnLENO #TheWantedOnLENO #TheWantedOnLENO SO PROUD!! It's going to be on my b-day! Please follow
1:16: TODAY WORKED ON ON A NEW CUT OF MY LAST FILM, THE SHOTS PLAN FOR MY NEXT FILM, AND THE TREATMENT FOR THE ONE AFTER THAT.
Watching a really gay movie, only reason I'm still watching it is cause I'm watching it with
Check out #sharktank -- season 3 premieres tonight right now!
Ultra Petroleum Tops, Rev Lags - Analyst Blog
Happy New Year to all :)
Deloitte is investing in Teleclassrooms that are optimized for linking classrooms worldwide. $1 per person per hour of learning.
i think so...at 6
Drove to the supermarket. DFW folk, It is true what the are saying on TV and Radio. Just stay inside and off the roads.
Dont be upset and caught up in something u cannot change. Instead, move on and smile. U deserve to be happy.
I obliviously still like u dickhead.
outstanding. Don't terrorize your niece too much :)
@ @ rise above
Tomorrows a new day
Running With Country Music All-Stars: A Running Playlist - Yahoo! Sports
"Divorce and the surreal journey into the unconscious"
Don't let the wind blow and sand and dirt in your mouth! :-)
straight in...
Going into the delivery room...should know in about an hour or so!
Virginia up on Liberty 4-0 after 4 complete innings.
technically, you DID, but don't worry I got chu! >:D
Is the lockout over is there going to be football
First question of #wineweb : "What is the value of a person?"
Hell no that one scared me as a kid, with all the people melting. That was serious stuff for the young crowd. Good for them.
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!
#AdvMailSvc is ready to provide the best set of services to assist our customers with their business goals & objectives. (505) 899-3104
I'm sorry my English isn't verry good, because I'm from Holland. :$ And I'm 14 years old. :$
Sleep tight Kris. I'll be a 5am alarm clock again getting ready for work, hahah.
I hope something good happens today.
Yes, once I have fully tested it and think it's stable enough (this summer?)
TY! You are a great friend. I hope you are well. Some day perhaps we will meet face-to-face!
Better be! :)
that shows how silly it is, fundamentally. Although at least it knows you're not a bot.
There should be a list of reasons why women should not be truck drivers.stupid bitch almost killed me and everyone else on the freeway
#NECB's undergrad instructors have a 95% effectiveness rating. Start Monday and see why our students are so happy! Call 1-617-303-6942
I'd love to watch the #Caps play in B'more, but not for $62/ticket at First Mariner Arena. Last year, they ran out of food & soda.
No Safe Way to Text and Drive for Teens
hi Jason!(:
Man as much as I love being in this convo about working out, you can stop including me
fairly big audience, fairly small Conan set haha
Jack, thanks for the laugh. I don't know if it's ironic or prophetic, but it's funny the way you put it. Steve
yea :/ just trying to let it go :p how are u handling it ?
Wow could I ask you for a follow bruh & ask you a question?
TELL ME ABOUT HIM
I'm getting concerned about Djokovic. Murray looks like he might be able to hang in there.
I love it when my upstairs neighbors have jumping-up-and-down contests.
Board retreat last night. A focused and empowered board is the foundation of any non profit success. Privileged to be part of the team
just saw a walien out my window
I didn't even recognize in her new icon omg
Stick a fork in the #Coyotes! Two goals for the #kings might as well be a 12 goal lead at this point!
Maryland has got the lead again, good game.
TABOO HAS LEFT THE BUILDING!
Lack of food, lack of sleep, abundance of Passion Pit. Let's study some bio.
Yes yes yes! Can't wait to catch up! Will email you this week!
Old people always on the sneak as soon as I leave the room she's on the sneak. Acts like she can't walk but when I'm away she rally's
2 people in a relationship can never be happy without some ex trying to brake them up -___-
Am I the only person that actually cracks up to the jokes on Popsicle sticks?
hahahah but i wish he did :)
I'm worried about the bullpen already. Not a good start that our closer is out 3 to 4 months before the season even opens.
is basking in seeing her actors at Luna Stage!
YES SIR
We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight at 8pm for tasting event of new cocktail. Please DM for more info.
Centro Hispano's annual dinner is tonight! Empowering our
Lmao RT Bosh is so Stupid for taking a step back 3 pointer with the game on the line
"I Believe I Can Fly, Got shot by the FBI" who remembers singing this?
Well played !
We took Jack on a NYC Subway uptown to his next meeting. Maybe can tweet the picture.
Red Palace tonight w/ the French band Revolver at 830.
The official phone number for is (1)(619) 7958794 Dial NOW to find out more about Thai Healing Arts
Welllp I'll probably need a new job here soon if they can't promote me to daytime... I can't continue to wake up so early everyday
I am looking to rent a space for a tattoo shop preferably in Essex County NJ or within the Bronx NY. Please keep your eye out for locations.
do you think DT leaving drops #Ducks out of top 5?
Night owl? Complete your coursework at 2 am. Early bird? Study while the sun rises! Call 1-617-603-6942 and start a degree on Monday!
pray for you sis
#NLCATLANTA As we have all heard...Video increases your sales...and connections...let me know what i can do to help ya
I'm still tagged in this tho...
Ripped jeans skin was showing
nun for yall to follow me
,,,,errbody go follow
#SUCCESS The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what it needed to be!
Why is there a "mommy war"? This is insanity.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?x
Picked a good day to work
Okay, we get it "Tiger Mom", you don't take shit from your 4 yer old. Just, do you have to let everyone else know he is a fuck up?
Huang: Baker's grass roots organizing philosophy was egalitarian and democratic, pushing boundaries on gender, looking critically at class.
it all makes me sick. How did we let it get this wrong?!
that your girl? ima make a woman of ha
Photo contest! Ur shot of Kentucky Club (on Ave. Juarez) could be the cover for Benjamin Saenz' newest book. send2
Hilarious video! Glad you are ok though.
Me too
Another thing I'm #notafan of..that CenturyLink commercial that's playing on all the stations. Srsly, that female singer is really annoying.
Nope, not "The Man". Just don't have the time this season due to travel schedule, plus...
Also, as always, Hugs will be free.
I wish this week was over already
I will.
I may have read "My cock is so pathetic."
Never despise small beginnings. Some of the greatest accomplishments in life once started out small.
Follow me/unfollow me/Follow me again. Isn't supposed to stop ppl from playing these games? Here, let me block you...
Happy Administrative Professional's Day! Thanks for all you do!
Forgot mom's gift? Still time to design a Happy Mother's Day t-shirt. It's the thought that counts, she'll love you for that.
Love without trust is like an ipod without songs...pointless.
#hollywood RT : RT : Just heard your song on v100 !
thanks for thinking of me Amelia! Awesome!
Hey Lebron. Don't. Get. Married.
Upcoming performance this Saturday for a 40th Anniversary Dinner Dance. No rehearsal the following day, Sunday the 15th
Wtf. Why does my twitter keep randomly unfollowing people?!?
Also needs to enable editing or deleting of "notes" that have been brought in with contact.
great video :) Have fun today!
My followers should know that I quote songs
Red eye flights- no traffic on way to airport, short lines all around, quietude in terminal, sound sleep on plane...what's not to love???
All the freaks in the house... RT!!
I JUST NEED SOMEBODY TO LOVE
you're so lucky! I was supposed to go sometime in August but the dates didn't work out for me :(
I just wanna go a little deeper..
One up down what a concept
thank you :)
I'm already out of school...lol
At the #chulavista Rotary get together. Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon!
They made an "exception" for me. I guess they either felt bad or maybe just saw how many Apple products I own… lol. ;)
Fowler 1 under thru 1. I'm afraid watching golf is gonna win out over studying for an exam.
Check out Partners in Diversity #pdx Logo
I find it lame RT : Anyone else loving The Voice?
Probably not, but there's a small chance I will wander that way.
pre-post prime appreciation!
from what I'm hearing I have no doubt you'll like
boy bye!!! would you rather me be the Manipulative Menace on #BadBoysClub yeah i already thought of my name..
Im cool with the guy asking the girl out, but the girls HAVE TO text first. Its just a
Awesome #BradRichards interview on #WFAN rite now
Watching all this college basketball makes me wanna be playing in march madness so bad.
thanks for the #ff!
#ihavenotolerance for chicks and their dicks! Be your own person not a followfashion monkey!
I see that you are really dedicated to the 3 block radius around P & 14 this weekend
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears- Anne Roiphe
and no, I won't try to fuck your boyfriend. I am way too cool for him.
Don't usually watch Show but this interview with is great.
Wow, really bitch? How are you going to have the audacity to ask me that
ok. Let me know.
": How was everyone's Cinco de Mayo?" Cinco de Mayo weekend is great and still rollin today!
The problem with most people is they sit around car ing about what ppl think about them they change to satisfy others. Then theres me; yolo
hey I saw the cute pic Tonya took of you. Where is that tshirt from? Did you do urban assault?
I love being outside <U+263A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I think I have bulimia....
Bron bricking free throws.
#Fml woke up and went to the bus stop waited there for like 20 mins and then found out theres no school cuase we don't have power -_-
I love coming on Twitter and seeing your tweets. They always make me smile... see ---> :)
awesome!!! I like when they have the featured dancers
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently!
This is for the civilians...the porn industry has nothing to do with this.
Congrats man! I'm excited to learn more about the next step.
Damnit! Apparently played at Shank Hall on Thursday and I didn't even know about it! What is wrong with me?
But Jesus didn't write those. So they're false, and lies, and Satan created those parallels to fool you.
I was asking to write a song? Not you in particular but girls in general these days!
make that two of 'em! you'll slay them either way.
Oh my god, my last 3 conference papers have disappeared. Symptom of dropbox use and multiple computers, forgetting which file was an orignal
Enjoying somewhat warmer weather.
The REPUBLICANS are having a hard TIME accepting WOMEN'S RIGHTS, GAY RIGHTS, EQUAL RIGHTS, and an AFRICAN AMERICAN PRESIDENT. GO FOR IT!
good mornin beautiful
lol I feel you
Steve Marriott been a favorite since Small Faces days, He did a song in a later HP line up "Fool For A Pretty Face" Fantastic
Well, I'm officially registered for #Marathon #2!!! Yikes! Time to get to work!! I need to channel my inner
Just set up a Words With Friends account. No turning back now, I'm going to end up Scrabbling forever.
the candler rd flea market has be knock down
Since I've been in Giant Eagle I've heard BSB NSync & Britney Spears
is giving the "starting a community laboratory 101" overview
I freestyle lyrics while I'm playing guitar, then I wish I would have written them down cause they're always like hella good! Then I forget.
Dear 's Yes, I do want my penny in change! Tell your employees to quit taking it upon themselves to give themselves a tip!
Ready to see our payment switch in action? Reply or DM to contact us.
Anybody in Longview got a room I can use for a couple weeks?
On my way to the gym todays double feature!
I'm down like james brown if you can get me a fuckin Twinkie!!
“ Most people are about as happy as they make up their mind to be. ” — Abraham Lincoln
I am kind of in the same boat, so post the career switch tips for everyone once you have them!
LMAO!! Really though?!? Except I changed my password so it won't help you much haha. I gotta update you on it lol
Im mad i didnt see you tonight trick!
Chicks dig the long ball. #hittersnotpitchers RT : Colby Lewis is good at giving up that Home Run Ball
that sounds like a good idea
not unless fear makes me happy
Man m
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life
Tired. Sick. Back hurts. People making me mad. AND school tomorrow. Ugh.
This time again qualities of leadership
Great article. I've been saying this for years.
Breezy day + my parked car next to flowering tree + open windows = a suddenly very romantic backseat.
Ok sweet I'll check it out
I still haven't asked her yet. I am when she gets home. I made dinner. So she should be happy.
Sewing and emails. Hoping this doesn't take up all of my Sunday...
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas....unless your friends posts it on Facebook.
If she's amazing she won't be easy...if she's easy, she won't be amazing!~Unknown
Hate being there for sum folks, they forget&really dont knw how to be here for me, #AMAZING! A few words of encouragement goes a long way.
No solid food since 7pm last night and won't have anything but clear liquids until at least 14:00 tomorrow. IMA BE CRANKYPANTS TODAY! >:-[
nicely written. She seemed to be a great lady.
is now tweeting her "Things in Marx" project !! <U+2605><U+2606>
we're wondering the same thing! Hopefully we'll have an answer for you soon!
40oz beer, Monster energy drink, bout 6 now n laters, sprite. And POW 4 loko. I refuse to believe.
Okay guys this is the time my friend is gone till friday and we r racing to 1000 followers... Please help me with shouties and follows! Win!
do you recommend anyone specific for metal engraving? I want to do my shovel rockerboxes. Thanks bro
Will you be my Valentine?
RT : ": Sam, Sam, Sam..why do you skip over #SanDiego? #WheresTheLove" ( CLD NEVER forget SD! :)
did you get me email . . .were you able to figure it out?
You're dealn with a person with two traits from cancer and Gemini so uve got a dual personality sensitive dominant protective chick no bueno
Thanks again for a great weekend Paso!
Oh boy...here we go...lol RT My show got his mind right! LOL
Are you too hip for the Moontower Fest? Come out to on Wed. at 8 PM at Cheer Up Charlie's and feel like an Austin insider.
- look at the bright side, you're so hot it shows...lol
Beta Fish Fry . Tonight - Lake Perch from Sweet Water Organics
*fingers crossed* that my car is ready today!
yea I saw that. They talkin about it here. I don't know how I feel about it
should have been an All-American too.
He's running better ... seriously. RT : And then Helton goes first to third. Oooohaah, he'll be sore tomorrow.
NICE! Miss you guys. Love from MI
thanks bud!!!
Allow me to reiterate what everyone is saying: The Straw Dogs remake poster is insulting to everything.
the #Mavs is conserving energy for clutch time.
Hey guys -Diamond :)
fascinating! Is your work geared towards any particular consumer products?
cool guys that would be great cant wait to hear it
email sent! Thanks for responding!
I just laughed out loud right now.
Yo You Need Some Contacts Son, Cause Them Glasses Look Like They Can Pick Up Cable
Dragonball Evolution- highly entertaining. Terrible, but entertaining.
Ugh, I bind this headache in Jesus' name... (But imma take this Tylenol too just in case)
Thank you, ! Good to be here!
Damn headache.
I keep hearing about "The U" & I believe all that it is awesome! I didn't see yet, but I have it DVR'd and will check it out next week.
Missing bigdaddy hardcore right now.
I'll be ur crying shoulder,I'll be loves suicide I'll be better when Im older,I'll be the greatest fan of ur lfe
Good morning! Hope everybody is off to a good week. If not I got good and bad news. Good news: It's only Monday. Bad news: It's ONLY Monday!
Your play on words has made me laugh. Did you know that it is a sign of great intelligence? I have no doubt, in your case.
lol now yknow what u would say to ur mom to tell her to make you a sandwich :P
Yes! You answered my question before I could ask it.
RT : Make your resume easier to read by bulleting accomplishments under each position/company.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
It's one of those days where I got dressed, hated what I put on, knew I would hate it all day, but didn't change. Ugh.
That makes sense - workaholics are dedicated and determined while clock watchers seem committed only to what they must do.
Steve Nash checks out to a bit of an ovation with 3 minutes left in the third. Did he just play his final minutes as a Sun?
Bokura ga Ita. The jury is still out, but if the season ended right now (episode 7) i wouldn't recommend.
Immersed in
im sorry, which story are you referring to?
RT Good Morning !!! Count your blessing not what you don't have and God will help you out !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I wanted both Jamar and Juliet to be on the show together so heartbreaking!
Tea for dinner and attempting to watch a chick flick. It's been a Monday all over.
We do ship, check us out @ www.hubigs.com!
this is so perfect!! Is this in your nursing book?
Hamsters can have sex up to 75 times a day. I wanna be a Hamster!!
always thankful for what i have i am truley blessed.
Thanks to fire marshall Bill AKA husband, I am now certain that the fire alarms in our house do not work
No I'm not going to hide her cause then I can't make fun of the dumb crap she posts
thank you <3 I'm praying things get better.
Bloody Mary, eggs, sun, beach and good peeps! This is my heaven in the morning!!
- Oh smdh . & Im Hipp . She Talk too much shit
Remember, society considered women as all liberal radicals. <U+E40D>
Gonna get my hair did!
We are open at 11:30 this morning! Come say hi to Lora and get 30 to 50 percent off clothing!
How the heck am I supposed to quote Faulkner? His sentences are as long as my whole essay...
Good afternoon. What are you reading this month? We picked up a copy of Hunter S. Thompson's Fear and Loathing.
Thx for the add! Much appreciated!
“: Who’s not looking forward to waking up tomorrow?” Maybe its just me, but this seems very emo and morbid.
Decepticons were much better fighters when I was a child
Having a good Mothers Day so far :)
Y is it ok 2 #bail out #wallstreet when I say I need some help w/ #rent they tell me 2cut the #pork & get 2nd job, work harder!
blount with a touchdown, lets hope the guys upstairs get it right
lmfao omg u blonde
has my heart <U+2764>. I fucking love this guy.!
#Imagine You're with Harry at the beach watching the sunset. When he suddenly turns around & grabs your hand ''Will you marry me?''
what's there to write about? Chuck (as and call him), is GOD and Flynn is awesome backup
The pop-up store will enliven Bridgeport, which has no a bookstores. Volunteer run, profit from affordable books pays rent!
what is this i hear that you guys are taking the off the air starting next week? is this true?
I'm marrying Madison Alamia <3(,:
I think I'm going to write an ode to cereal. I love this stuff! , your #redberries rock!!!!
Thanks, Shirley! Can't wait for *your* redesign.
Yes, we unschool at home. Child-led interests, natural learning.
Happy #fathersday to all the amazing dads out there :)
Maybe you need to relearn chess while drinking. Context learning and all that. Would at least be pleasant to try.
our pleasure. You deserve all the success you're having! ^ag
There is nothing like
OH: The people who comment on trending topics are trolls.
whoa, brutal much. Jk. But people should be forced to read this chapter cuz its so good :D
Fuck It I'm Going To GEt A Tatto that Says "Lady Gaga For Life" Fuck My Parents
Closed today. Getting the new grill installed and taking longer than expected. I should be open tonight 10p-3am
Go WHITE!
I am asking a lot of questions of CFSA about staffing levels.
You guys are ruthless. I mean I am too. I've made people cry. But I don't do it anymore because I'm not THAT kindve a dick
Finished a new piece, 'The Vorpal Sextet', a tribute to Charles Dodgson. Soon to appear on my web site, but not tonight, yawn.
$129 for a replacement MBP battery? No thanks Apple Store, I'll seek out cheaper alternatives. Still love the machine after 3.5 years tho.
There are a few flight schedule delays but mostly all clear at LAS. Check in lines and security are short and movin!
I LOVE YOU YOUR THE MOST DOWN TO EARTH ,CUTE FUNNY, SMART ,HOT, SEXIEST ,AND SWEETEST GUY EVER!!!!!!!!(:
Move to Philly!!
You can Fear Anything But Do not Fear Failure!
that's not gonna be awkward
I left the office so I could work on the couch. Still working though!
I loved seeing your face on commercials when I was home for the holidays. Made me smile!!
My son was also born with a CHD. He's 4 now.
Come to de Vere's Irish Pub at 1:30PM if you wanna be in the background of their new website!!!
6 items you should look for in an online job board ...
I dnt got one
deleting certain ppl who shows no interest!
Women vs Men hires - sexy vs not - today only on #DTHR and the "creep" factor
Does it piss you off when white kids say the n word?
Aww thanks. Takes epic to know epic. Can't wait for the #Ballard location to open!
Payless Shoes poised to sell itself
Anderson: Sophie, Apple iBook - thinking about design and presentation - Scalar about information architecture as primary goal
A big hello to our newest followers - we've followed back
SFO-PDX via for #sakefestpdx -- join us portlandia! maybe hit up or late night.
Haha yes :p
& i'm just full of surprises! it was wonderful to visit you both at your respective institutions :)
You're a bacon of a banana!
sick movie!
i miss talking to you to sis !! its been so long
I can't wait to see my make up already
West Palm on Thursday! can't wait to start making mad money! $$$$
came home from new york on friday. going back to new york on wednesday. busy busy busy.
Why is it when it's 71 degrees outside it's hot, but when it's 71 degrees inside, it's FREEZING.
RT : They'll talk about you in the end so just do whatever the fuck you want.
a lot of these rappers hide behind $ because in reality, they lack self-confidence; however, there are some that are very confident!
Does anyone really though? :/
I'm extremely hungry!
I have my mom jamming to a snoop song. Lol
going all out!!!! no holding back this spirit bomb
I'm sick and tired of people who are sick and tired
We'd like to wish all of our Jewish friends a Happy Hanukkah!
Finally got the new phone!
And cake from my landlord to round out this fantastic Day of Mel. I needed today.
Trust me, there are mire than 12 people with extrodinary memories........& it's many times a curse. Up side? No need for photo albums.
Justin is the new Justin. Mouseketeer Justin, come back!
Way to go, "I'll Have Another"!!! Derby Day 2012!
Chubby people have to be chased because you know damn well they ain't chasing shit. Except cake.
Bay Buchanan - broken clock
you look like a lot like ur mom! :)
Congrats Chargers on clinching the conference today
40 wpm is pretty good to start. You might be interested in our app's advanced lessons.
you too! Let's keep in touch!
In the studio. Spongebob marathon.
getting comfortable with some new applications...
Many centrists today could have easily been right-wingers 20 and 30 years ago.
Yes, I meant Oscar...but all the same. Combined with his acting from the Blackhawks series he probably has a SAG Award too.
I have 3 boxes of those in my office. they make 10% better looking.
#warriordash was amazing! I will be there to win it next year!!
Keselowski gained over 50k followers since he started tweeting from the backstretch. crazy!
I would probably kill myself if I was a middle schooler right now
don't here all the smack talk now Frat! Lol Get prepared to take off YOUR license plate and flag.
I can not see you doing heroin!
appreciate that Kae!
Who can recommend a fun place near #ALA12 for a Meet-Up? It should be big enough and fun and not too expensive!
will be closing at 4PM today for a private event. The Rock Shop will remain open. The Hard Rock will reopen 5/14 at 11AM
honored to be the last supper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
vs. TRENDING
Not a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Is that what the cool kids with the net books are doing? Man I'm bringing this thing to class tonight to look up patterns :)
I love that plays Creedence Clearwater Revival on my Jack Johnson channel.
Happy Mother's Day to the mothers in my life and the mothers in yours...
Livetweeting CFPB acting chief Raj Date's presser at the Cleveland City Club
Hi Congrats on the pending launch of your new concept.
Apparently being at work is code for naptime with some people.
Movie time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
I'm making cupcakes today in honor of National cupcake day!
huh, I thought ALA voting was done already. That'd be why I haven't seen results yet. GO VOTE if you haven't already.
Imma stop saying typing 'af' unless I need to shorten my tweet.
Looking forward to the workshop tonight. A lot of good Bicentennial Columbus starts on the docket.
Carrie& Lauren Fans follow! We need a twitter for them two! :)
Looking for vintage motel / diner signs in KC.
I'll be surprising the hot receptionist during today's fire drill with a realistic portrayal of "apply the salve"
Will a TMS work for multiple sites hosted on the same domain? ie mobile site vs full site
oh omg, bby I'm only staying more 20 minutes, so omg hurry up :( I need to talk to you!
I wish I were here this weekend but I will be in DC instead of here for SXSW. Back on Wed. Kyle = 512-246-9932
no! haha. Rounding to the next nickel...save us money or cost us more over time?
I'm very proud of the way my freshmen experimented with iMovie, Windows Movie Maker & other platforms 4 multimedia projects!
You ruined my funny :(
Delving into my dissertation research, and I am happy. Always reminded of what I love doing. I <3 history
It always amazes me how much trouble I have writing about myself.
DRIVE has been added to Netflix streaming and it's even in its proper 2.35:1 aspect ratio.
HAha Zac Efron dropped a condom on the red carpet walking into the Debut of his new movie, "the Lorax."
Nitemare of a day!
I feel sorry for the practice squad...even more than usual
RT : Don't forget to RT for a chance to win 2 tix to our #GreysBenefit for ! Official rules here:...
My southern client wants me to take her to Cedar Hill Kitchen Smokehouse restaurant in San Francisco
save me
Now off to LaGaurdia.
can the kid and I come hang at kids club? I'm too hungover for the playground.
#Diablo3 comes out Tuesday ^o^
RT : Psalm 18:47 "He is the God who avenges me, who subdues nations under me,"
waking up to greeny requesting to trade wade; lol
Now that I look back on it, Pokemon day care was a lot like a sex factory.
Artist occupations w/ highest projected growth rates: museum technicians and conservators (26%); curators (23%), landscape architects (20%).
That was the most swagged out way to announce your college decision.
Pop psych and pol correct have too much influence It goes without saying pharm have too much influence. Profit is bottom line.
you can always give the Beth's challenge another shot... open 24 hours a day.
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!! :)
Lunchtime! Fill up on fiber, don’t skip the beans. But you will skip the guilt.
Day of my sisters wedding. Where am I? Shopping with the groom for his outfit for tonight. Whew, what a busy week
couldn't agree more. Although he is trying to prove himself playing with that rib
New album: First rehearsal yesterday...New band members, Derek best drummer in town, session was great.
Did you know the Federal Voting Assistance Program uses our info to provide the facts to our troops and other Americans overseas?
I do everything for him....I guess that's not enough
Possible to love too much??
relaxin at the beach!
So sad that is over after tonight. It's been a staple in my life for so long.
you were suggested on twitter. :-)
Thanks everyone who took the time to audition for "The Glass Circle" Feb 29th via Skype.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
"No guy is worth your tears and the one who is would not make you cry"
We can’t change the past and what happened yesterday – we can absolutely change how those experiences impact us today and tomorrow
True true. :c
How about a follow from my Favorite Hawks Player
hey people ;)
you r bio says folow back when asked.. will you follow me back please? It will make my LIFE <3
LOVE LOVE LOVE your show!!!!! hope it stays on for YEARS to come!!!!
you are very welcome.
Actually, the song was "Get Down, Make Love."
Awkward Boner
Mom, is that you?
FLIGHT TO ISRAEL FOR BIRTHRIGHT OFFICIALLY BOOKED!! March 14-25!!!
": We're playing a show tonight at The Speakeasy in Lakeworth, FL" South FL friends u NEED to see this band! 7:30pm start!
but babe there ain't no way you're #gay :)
Thanks for the shout out. Made me smile.
Be back this summer, mein. Gonna link up wit FCC for some shows i think. RT " wasssup when u comin home"
Im doing good.
mind if i share this?
Become a better student of your own life! Great quote from one of my favorites Mr. Jim Rohn.
RT : Bo Boegle of PARC "carriers will make as much on the data plans for smart objects a they do for computers"
Happy birthday to Bob Stoops, or as I call him, Bobbylicious.
He definitely brought up the triple nines, the one enduring slogan from the "flavor of the month" club.
Let's talk about #occupy my big comfy bed right now.
i'm glad you finally decided to tell everyone about our baby!
I know, but we seem so distant anymore
The first week of June. I'm supa dupa excited.
#backtoreality today has been tough to get back into the swing of things!
dance was great!!! yall are great dancers and i hopr yall go far!!!
lol. I was looking for cling wrap to save some leftovers, and they said they don't use it. Go figure.
I want to hold you close, close to my heart <3
Hi it's Feather Ladë....post me some festive ideas for earrings, necklaces, etc., you would like to Rock this Holiday season. :)
Oh ok . -signs them bitches- <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A9>
congrats guys!!! Very happy 4 ya... See u back in Boston next wknd !
Way away away from here I'll be Way away away so you can see How it feels to be alone and not believe Anything
Inner SE is my favorite, but if you don't plan to drive/have a car, downtown is great too.
Today we feature something light and refreshing: Lemon-Herb Roasted Chicken. (it just isn't ready yet so we don't have a picture.)
wtf is going on? did all the hot hibernating santa maria girls decide to come out today?
Looking forward to it! Thanks for helping keep Ben January alive.
dude that chick ripped ass
My. Throat. Hurts. So. Bad. Omg.
": More #whitney news on "State of the Union" (9am ET/PT)"
SO PLEASED!
Please fallow my BFF
Can someone point me in the direction of good online resources for beginning to use Socratic seminars? #sschat thanks!
Hm..... RT Where can I buy an ugly Christmas sweater?
do I need to get shots before coming?
Don't get me wrong, I still care I just stopped showing it. I can only do so much when my effort isn't recognized.
& what ---> RT #Libra has a big need for variety. That means if they get bored with you, they'll try someone else.
Intuition is there even when my vision is impaired
Way to pick a great time to hide shit from me...
#SomeWhereOutThere is a goofy maug taking another pic of himself for Instagram inside with some shades on.
Omg Tyrus Thomas!!!!
OK, once the contract gets signed, I might reach out for more details. Thinking about a quick jaunt to Napa too.
#YouWereCuteUntil you came closer...
I've been so stressed out this week. I'm looking forward to my break from life seeing & tomorrow!
Ayers: "Surprised to become pres of Univ of Richmond"--the front edge of new DH inst leadership? Dean--provost-president fast track?
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO TWEETIES WHOSE READY TO DRINK <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B6>
Bought a superhero bath towel from last month. It arrived today and it's AWESOME! FYI, it's not for me.
FINALLY getting my carwashed!
Don't know why, but around this time every year I get an urge to grow a beard. That's odd right?
": I wonder if we'll see a team play offense like this against Ohio State the rest of the season." Florida could stroke it
get out if here!
brilliant halftime. better than ever.
My research paper will get finished at midnight the night before it is due
Oh, that's awesome!
yes! for once Jewels actually used the scratching post!
:) that's sweet of you, thanks...just been one of those weeks. I'm ready for summer really lol
Actually, #pdx could probably use one non-coffee-snob on the tourism board. And I prefer to think of it as refined taste.
getting ready for this move , and this music thing
RT : Getting back with an ex is like a buying ticket to watch a bad ending to a movie you've already seen.
Who knows how much partying will go on with your parents there :P but we'll try to get away with as much as we can
what's this SeaDog talk?
I'll miss Spanish class together, fun times!
awww...I love the bats! Enjoy!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-5
Hollywood Studio Bar and Grill. Open mic tonight! Come on out!
US House is passing a budget making budget decisions. Dems in Senate will not consider it nor pass their own. Can't run a country this way.
I'm starting to realize how small I am.
beautiful morning
check him out.
It's okay. Wish it had HDMI support. Black Magic is amazing. :)
too much tv or overactive imagination. Either way, glad he was wrong!
Ha! That error cheats us out of 50% of our wins! Don't make that season any worse than it was... ;)
I lost control with that one :)
Yeah, but ya gotta start a tag somewhere!
tears in my eyes as Peyton Manning speaks....great player, great person
oh ok, ima be runnin around like
Jersey shore beavis and butthead commentary is hilarious!
Now I'm headed to #EmoryUniversity to talk in Hank Klibanoff and Brett Gadsen's class on cold civil rights cases.
Watching play Zelda for Nintendo 64. God I missed her so much.
Please contact our customer service they will be happy to help you het a replacement
Enjoy this beautiful Wednesday with a Stinky Gringo Margarita at
#econdebate Q: Are we seeing the result of 40 years of failed supply-side theory, or is this malaise the result of 3yrs of band aids on it?
Impressed (but not surprised) by the great speakers at the PMO conference
coming to see y'all in Dallas Texas!!! 40 days and counting!!!! <U+E056>
Just the thought of school makes me sad.
another big question is what investigative reports look/sound like on a smartphone.
we will not be hanging out until the #stanleycup finals is over,
I don't think I'll ever live more than 1.5 miles from water ever again. #Running to the lake is my favorite.
you already look good!
oh thats right they actually said"kinda" my bad LOL
Beautiful warm day with blue sky in Birmingham today!
that sounds horrible.
Today! Trying to control everything is the best way to lose control of everything! Let life happen sometimes. You may actually enjoy it!!
I don't understand how your alibi to being accused of being a racist is "I'm Hispanic". Not a very good alibi if you want to say you're not.
what if I'm flying to the Caribbean? Just occurred to me that it might qualify as "other" & not wanted.
you have a amazing smile !(:
On the cusp of some extremely unique poker opportunities. Thank you
Next week? I'm out of town today. :( ": come get a free empanada then! Farragut Square at 11:30. Be there?"
"You can't be boring. Life is boring. The weather is boring. Actors must not be boring." --Stella Adler
In class early waiting for the teacher to start lecture
OMG! He's fat! Wft
OMG, I'm going to steal that dinner picture! Thanks for posting it!
Blah work
I need to start putting as a business reference. Tf am I doing in life?!
i was texting my friends dad on accident and i didnt even know who i was xD omg
Home game cash game just broke up, heading for the barn
I will let you know..... I well send you a message in little bit flight about to leave
SFSOB live in San Francisco. Tuesday nights 10-2am @ Infusion Lounge on 124 Ellis St. I'll be one of your bartenders. come and party
AW YEAH RT : Mercy+Jose = severe case of badassness
Your next shot to go to Oahu and see where filmed is happening at 6:56p!
#SaySomethin is trending worldwide! :)
this kendrick concert is gonna be live.. thats lowkey my favorite artist right now
RISE N SHINE!
what's good do u follow back
There's always that friend that is always there for you whenever you need them. Tomorrow it's time for you to be there for them <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
sometimes i forget that i'm stalking peoples TL and i'll retweet people that aren't even them and then it gets even more awkward
Ha! Thanks for noticing! Happy New Year!
where's the meetup!
The weekend is almost here! Where are you planning on spending it? May we suggest our patio with a nice cold beer in hand?
Your Weird O.O !
Just finished my 3rd...count it 3! articles now on Associated Content. Only 310 to catch up with you! tomorrow...lol
Don't stay home on this gorgeous Seattle night! Join us for free trivia nite. Gr8 food & drink specials ~ 8 -10pm. Prizes!
Never date a boy or girl who goes to your school its mad drama! Everyone in they momma is in your buisness even the freaking teachers smh
S/O to the people who unfollowed me and you guys are cool
ok I'll study too even though I won't know what y'all r talking about lol
Key 3rd down here for the Cardinal.
Happy Flag Day. Display Ol' Glory!
Listening to Real Time with Bill Maher
Did you go? I agree it was spread out; BUT there were a TON of things to do. Several Packers bars, pep rallies, etc....
I hope my mom likes her presents...
New exhibit! Details coming soon...
HEALTH-Are there any other deductibles or access fees besides my Hospital Deductible? 1/15 ?'s to ask when buying ins www.theprofittrap.com
how bout dem Os kenny
It's so beautiful outside!
We've seen Joe Torre from about seventeen angles, but we can't get a shot of the strike zone when Obama throws the first pitch?!? Nonsense!
you should write moar(;
Happy CD-RW Day.
I love you too, baby! :-)
Girl I just wanna see you strip right now cause its late babe
can i get funny quote from heath slater please
I wish they would say what the Yellow is specifically for
#occupycoffee it's Monday!
So windy
First time home in a week...and it's 100 degrees. Pretty sure it's going to be near impossible to get me off this couch.
Balls and strikes should be called by a computer.
RT - JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS SO IS THEY ANY GOOD, WORTH PAYING FOR A TICKET TO SEE THEM PLAY, STADIUM 20MINS AWAY FROM MY HS..
I'm going say he runs 4.43.
"Yes, you're mad, bonkers, off your head. But I'll tell you a secret... All the best people are."
Been fucking wit the money since 4:30 pm yesterday now it's time to get sum sleep!!
GOD and I are definitely on the same page. That relationship begins with me knowing GOD is the page, the ink, and the whole book.
#vaforum12 Next up: Scott Jost of Bridgewater on "Source and Confluence: Virginia Waterways and the Chesapeake Bay Watershed."
PPS I've worked here for 21 months and there's never been a problem before.
So it's new jack Citi for the opponents. Where's Judd Nelson and Ice-T?
Those look great!
I wanna be an astronomer.
Well. Insurance does pay for Viagra, Cialis and such more often than it covers the pill. What does that make men?????
Time you get the courage to follow your own dream, because doing what THEY love to get what YOU want will always leave you wanting.
Blogging is now becoming one of the new ways of making money online - Bloggers are ringing in the cash maybe you can to?
Ok so today is not a good day 4 yrs ago my dad died and I never got to see him or even say goodbye I miss u dad and I love you watch over me
I injured my knee while sleeping so feel free to ask me your health and fitness questions.
Time for the hagiography for Reagan's 100th BDay. He sold weapons to Iran to support death squads in Nicaragua, against the law!
Wow!!! Ok, now THAT was a exhibition of Hollywood capability! Awww and now I'm going to have nightmares :( scary movie! But good, but scary!
*fingers crossed* & yeah ill convice my madre cuz she wanted to this summer but no :/ & It was good spent it with fam & fri ...
Rough morning. I shouldn't be in this much of a bad mood this early in the morning. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
he a faga :P
OH MY GOD I KNOW RIGHT
Hey I just wanted to say that my girlfriend who died recently loved you and I have so much respect for you.
The sales guy at Verizon saw my school staff badge today and gave me a 25% discount for being a teacher. Thanks Verizon!
Michael Paul Britto talks about his analog beginnings showing video art at Rush Arts.
It takes all of us to worship and read the word of God!! (=
Stop and take a couple of slow, deep breaths, and spend a moment contemplating gratitude
But when a ten-year married man looks happy, we wonder why
TSOI-NY/NJ caught FRONT LINE ASSEMBLY show but missed 1/2 cause they went on 20 min b4 9! #whatisupwiththat!
Thanks for the translation!
Prayers & support fir the family , friends, & fans for Sarah J Burke. A shining beacon on light put out much too soon. Shine on us.
but i think the last one i made is the right one forever
where can you get volume 1
Haha nah, just looking on the bright side
Drinking with the fam for the first time! Why because I can ! Lol o
lol we aint go! Cause they aint wanted to make tht drive so i macked on fat hoes till i gt bored
Things to do on Saturday, May 5
is turning over a new leaf today.
How many times do u have to remind ur ex...THEY R AN EX???!!!
I miss you already . Have fun 4 me . & tell miss you wt the BULLSHIT
#ndpl "collaboration is the engine that drives change" meg bellinger
"it's a party"? I think?
(cont.) adults through reducing stress; and seniors by “exercising” the brain.
yeahp, just for the weekend
If there wasn't spell check i would be the kid everyone's laughs at on fb and twitter cause i suck ass at spelling
has tomorrow off!!!
#4 i know you heard this before, never get high on your own supply
Adolescence is perhaps nature's way of preparing parents to welcome the empty nest. - Karen Savage and Patricia Adams
I don't know where you got your opinion, but I hope you kept the receipt.
I've never heard silence quite this loud.
Is SHE still causing problems??
thanks for the follow <U+263A> Love your work
Great upper body workout today! Your efforts are paying off! Looking Good! See you Wednesday!
This is (hopefully) the last visit from the home care nurse! 10 days down, just a few more to go!
you're from australia? haha and thanks! x
Doris Burke? Seriously? Are the Silver Stars playing?
NOT THE PERFECT TWEET !! Now thats an EPIC Fail Tweet xD
Now, that's the Mad Men I remember.
Our PHP framework uses a lot of static calls. I have trouble reconciling how I write Unit Tests in other langs with this.
I think our small office could use some technology.
Pilot warned us not to go after hat or scarves that blow away as he dropped us off on an active runway at laguardia. Thanks.
very nice
Skitt Skitt water gun OH MY GOD Becky look at her butt Dozha.
i love u!!!! please tweet me<3
That wasn't a Google photo of the Stonewall Jackson statue! I took it with my phone at Manassas.
STD: Short Term Disability. :P
You should make this a monthly tweet.
Lucid dreaming is an interesting concept. Do you have time to explain? BTW...have you finished writing your dissertation?????
Asked to supply 120 pros for orch of 120. Knew it would be imbalanced when brass played. Again: My formula: At LEAST 1.5 singers per player
Did she really just mess up the national anthem?!
Did a BodyRock workout AND went for a run tonight. Hopefully I sleep well!
Still Kmsl at Laquanda Neal (whoever u r) on Instagram using my AVI! A hot mess, who does that?!?
Just concentrate on swing states. It's all in electoral votes
Finally bought "My Aim is True." Long overdue.
Between family and perfunctory studying for an IT certification, I am an absentee blogger. Two more days. WANT TO GET THESE F'ING POSTS UP
thanks for attending McGee!
Finally can catch some sleep! Been so. Busy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I know:) I do hope we sign Clint
Wow, look at you, that it's great. And now you sell Mary Kay. Haha!!! Just kidding. So you ever done P90X?
late session just finished grindin
I loved the stoRm!
For those keeping track at home,though I took yesterday off, today I've been planted at my desk ALL MORNING. Except for when I took a nap.
I will read it instead since he is probably not going to
k settled. You + my pythons + headlock
Their first fight was a battle, the rematch will be an outright war. "COTTO vs. MARGARITO II" Sat, Dec 3, 6PM PT, LIVE on Pay-Per-View.
Yum!! Happy Saturday!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I just found out my mom's boobs are fake. WHAT IS LIFE
i miss judo.
I got lost so I'm eating chicken wings
The #GOP TWITTERNAZI just jiggled my cursor 'up & down' signifying that he/she must be a #kochbros Konspiratorial Kriminal Kabal Klown :)
I'll try to make it happen
Deleuze:"natural phenomena are produced in a free state, where any inference is possible among the vast cycles of resemblance."
Hey or How about a Tim Tebow bachelor style tv show where the winning chick gets to take his virginity?
Thanks for the
coach Bombay always taught us "Ducks Fly Togather"
Enjoyed meeting with Kelley of Jackson's Bistro today!
I don’t know what the key to success is, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone...
I love rain. Id love to see a tornado one day.
RT : Filner mailer today reminding me of his deep knowledge of SD Port & misstating that NF is a republican...
Dudes who make a habit of saying "bros before hoes" usually have neither.
If I say Pop Century, you say___________!
teacher but I was like crying and then after she said she was impressed that I did so well. And we totally got the other
time for marrone to hire a special teams coach...
Babies are such a nice way to start people. ~ Don Herold
Excited to finally be having my headshots done for my site. Thank you to my girl Kila for taking care of me! XO
what the heck was that...
Thanks Elliot. Would love for you to leave a comment to this effect on the post, if you're game. :)
Get money fuckkkkk fruit snacks
it's never the same :( but hopefully soon!
Hint: Valentines love homemade cookies. We have all the supplies... including red and pink sprinkles!
ya know half of the times ppl follow others when r told 2 and they dont get their shout outs
Misdemeanors are less serious than felonies but are punishable by <= 1 year in a local correctional facility (jail).
THAT'S NOT EVEN HOW YOU SPELL IT HAHAHA
Happy early mothers day to all the mothers out there. You truely are the perfect fan. <3
Are the #Trats at home on the 19th? Im at Miller Park and cant find a schedule anywhere!
oh for real?? I might be able to do that! You make good money, right?
PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE
we are going to listen to one song and one song only...
Brian Lowe on value of things unsaid: monotonic reasoners -- easier to add new triples upon inference, lot harder to remove
Jesus woman
you've been eating the WRONG alfredo sauce, missy
All time low <3
"I hear there is a rescission?" , "Hm...I CHOOSE not to participate!"
I cam imagine. It's difficult just looking through them.
#Zimmerman prosecutor sounded like Llyod Christmas from dumb and dumber today. "So you're sayin' there's a chance...."
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Go Brazil!
It may be snowing at but things are heating up at the conference! General session starts in 15 minutes!
That made me laugh. I needed that, thanks. The next person who angers me won't get punched. You saved them.
quality, not quantity ;)
Psyched beyond words for tonight in madtown.
": "Morpheus There's a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path." by Matrix" yes, yes there is...hm
Could be worse....no wait....nevermind
I want to watch Brides Maids RIGGGHHHTTT NNNOOWW!!!
You are growing old and wise my friend!
Good Tuesday Morning! Make it a great one!
First Pushcart Nomination today! Now to solicit myself to judges to ensure victory.
Way to represent styles you are our Buffalo Soldier
Any tour plans for Chi-town?
I don't think so. Not in your stream but in your "what your followers have been doing" (I use the web app, maybe other apps do show
On this good Friday I am enjoying a refreshing #McCafe drink!
When my delivery driver is heading out the door, should I worry when he shouts "Shotgun!"?
learned today that some politicians know more history than history professors. hmm. darn shame I wasted all those years getting a PhD.
#ifiwereu i would not go out in public
lol- I'm there all night on Wednesday- all hands on deck! We have #NHLNetworkTour visiting that night!
Saw Abby Lee at giant eagle today!!! I was totally freaking out! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
ditto, who cares! Our family raises exceptional beef
Happy Memorial Day everyone!
Nice work this week, man... Have a good weekend
I'm in the mood for love. I'm sure if I just eat some carbs, it'll pass.
Good is not good where better is expected. -Thomas Fuller
Can't believe no one 's ever on when I am anymore. I truly need to just stay off here for awhile.
they weren't protesting the meeting. They weren't allowed to attend the meeting and neither were the homeless.
Congrats!! RT Thanks to my dear #betafish who edited my chapter for contest -- I'm a Top 3 finalist!
Our Open Mic kicks off in 25 minutes! Get in FREE by just retweeting this!!
On a nice hot day like today, nothing beats a milkshake!! Banana Pudding is the shake of choice!
Working on my family tree
ugh, when will this 80's revival 808 electro go away? come up with something new, people!
i would give my left arm for some right now!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the same girl requests to follow me on twitter, instagram, and add me on Facebook... And I have no idea who she is...
#SAForum2012 there cannot be economic independence when the pipo are burned by disease says Gwen Malegwale SA deputy minister of health
Spending lots of quality time in the car w/ Chris
So excited that this school year is over! Now back to ME! About to bump the Discipline and Dangerous albums. Luv me some & MJ!
so we play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change and we take take take it for granted ...
's dad is making chicken alfredo tonight. Ohman.
That site looks like anyone who wants to can fill out a survey and be "interviewed."
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #6DAYS :-D 4
LEGO cell phone comes loaded w/a game in which you make SpongeB0b kill people with bad breath caused by stinky ice-cream sundaes.
Go blazers!!
contact zac at the office 5032825158.
question about whether there's any interest in history of music notation processing - answer: no
so I'm in a meeting with and he claims to have started your argyle obsession....
Okay first time getting on this in like a year or two so suprise me people
you'll make it, kitten.
broke my heart.
JUSTIN BIEBER TWEETED U
I'll say it again!! I Love My President!
Starting a Q&A video segment, and I need questions! Ask me anything you'd like to know about USF and I'll find a campus expert to answer!
RT Damn that was bout 40 years ago! :wanna go to auto show before it ends.aint been since drew. 36 yrs for you
chess.com has a good app, chessfree is decent. Chessbases app is junk avoid it! shredder is my favorite pay app
#PITTSBURGH though!
confetti dropping from the ceiling tho??
No problem at all. We are in the works of putting together a city wide QR Code scavenger hunt. Kick us a RT when its ready?
THE SMOKE GOT ME
because it's so awful that everybody turns it after watching the first 3 awesome shows...
looks like it's going to be an amazing event!
Fucking right. I work at a frozen yogurt place... always packed with white girls... hahaha
RT I'm determined to beat the Christmas belly this year. I think I will try the "eat slightly less diet".
She said you ain't no good but you feel so good.
They listened to you...almost “: #billycrystal please #stevemartin please - can u please run out and host the rest of the #Oscars”
RT DC $ fight- CM Graham wants $ for welfare. Catania for health. Brown for housing. Evans for Arts (But none for schools?)
only live once an i plan on living mines a 100 mph
Congrats to & the Spurs on advancing to round 2 of the NBA playoffs. Neal had 2 double digit scoring games in the series
Critical to your devotion time with God is the need for inner cleansing of your thoughts... So you can come out like pure Gold!
been wondering where ya been!!
Firefox 3.6 is dead. So happy.
Today I'm cocktailing with dyenosaur. RRAWR!!! I win! RT : Today I'm having a cocktail with I win.
Ah. May. Zing. That's what you are.
Thank YOU! lol, I don't even know what that is!! Spotify- trying to generalize me!!! (smh) ;)
The Academic Progress Rate, or APR, measures whether student-athletes remain academically eligible and remain enrolled with the school.
Hey, at least now you know you're good looking “: I hate it when guys hit on me, the fuck out.”
Woke up naked
Man, let us down tonight.... That's why he ain't even close to being MVP!
It's the waiting that kills me. And then I get a rejection and I wish I was still waiting.
Get ready!!! Good Smoke is coming soon!!!!
All that love was hurting your brain!
SQL Server is down. We can't even ping it. Investigating as fast as possible.
That is a great tv show. Theresa Caputo is a very friendly and gifted psychic-medium. She is very down to Earth.
Unfortunately, the twitter stream later reveals what sessions (like this one) I shouldn't have missed!
Red Dawn, the first movie I ever watched on VHS. The Right Stuff was the second.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Tryko Partners Acquires Park Raven; Expects 9% Cap
if you are ever in long island NY theres a place that sells table games and arcade cabinets
That moment when your cleaning because you have a cleaning OCD and you collapse...oh yea I'm sick :(
thanks for coming out to the show!
Pacers win!!!
Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock? Because most shops close by six thirty.
Had an amazing photoshoot with !!! Now, off to a meeting!:) Let's GO!!
I really hate ungrateful people!!!
yea . Text me !
Participate in the general session with
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as a dog does. — Christopher Morley
It's editing time, which means it's almost pitching time! Anyone got contacts to or 55 and to help us?
I have a question for people who care about DARK SHADOWS: Why?
Why be afraid to make a honest misteake
I wish I had this confidence when I was in my 20's ~ Janet Jackson~ Go Gurl! I know what she mean! I have the confidence back - it took 10
I will try. How do you do an electronic transfer of Karma? Western Union?
here's hoping!!!
re: Harper Collins debacle. they're not a public service, they're part of a publicly traded co & obligated to shareholders, not libraries
RT: Majority of Pinterest users are from the Midwest?! Interesting... Pinterest's Business Model Is All About Exclusivity
TunnelFact #272: Cost of Tunnel = Market Capitalization of Ford Motor Company (as of November 17, 2008). www.tunnelfacts.com
Random Fact: The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
jason, Nick, and Vinny :P im trying to get all of them to follow (:
Breaking News!!! ITS HOT!! LOL!! What is everyone doing to stay cool??
Happy Birthday ....... 21 years today. I Love you.
Getting re-obsessed with , she needs more collaborations with <3
Thank goodness it's slow tonight at work
Normal people without printers also.
Here is problem too: Explain any number the risks to NFL players, most simply don't care. When do YOU take it out of an individuals hands?
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! :'P
The bar is all decked out for halloween so come in and see it nyu there's a hi to kevin he has a caramel apple for you for 2 dollars
Let me tell you something, you're WORTH it. No matter how many times someone has told you otherwise, you really are.
come on OMAHA DIRECTIONERS !! Follow
"I might tell a lie if u askin me my whereabouts, but I might talk that real if u ask me what I care about.."
I abandoned Twitter a long while ago, but decided to check it out tonight. I see that it is very spammy.
That's beautiful people song by #chrisbrown is #classic goin to rock for years
#NowFollowing -- THANKS FOR SUPPORT!!
kill me as you sing, you got a beautiful voice (: I love you <U+2665>
Mfs DO Anything For A Follow .. smh ! IF Its That Serious BUY Some Followers .
Are you attending the fantastic soccer match between #ManchesterCity and #ManchesterUnited at Etihad Stadium?!
but more important, what r we gonna do about your poor Habs?
Thanks for a great day We'll be back in two weeks, I can't wait, this place just makes me happy!! Thanks Shonda & Carolyn!
As I stare at my Bobby Lutz-signed basketball on my desk, there's a part of me that would be sad to see him go to VT.
Matt's truck stopped working today. I need a car by Monday. Both of us have to get to work :) *I believe I will get a loan and reliable car*
I don't need em cus I got em I just haven't seen em
I wonder what I should watch next...waiting for my boys to come through so we can get some recording done
Are you joining us at the #LPC (O) AGM May 4-6 in #Toronto? It's not too late to register!
Newest obsession: Doctor Who <3
#rememberwhen ppl moms would whoop they ass in class <---that shit was funny
Take away that INT.
The #Masters reminds me of my dad & home. Great sudden-death playoff. Congratulations to GA boy Bubba Watson! Green jacket for you!
I wish. #Talladega is awesome and #JR is due. 5 of his 18 career wins at the
no pics of us from #barktoberfest? Hope you liked the music
clash of the titans
me too ever since I first saw her in "the dreamers"
Will check your FB page---Thx
I ain't hatin', I'm hurt'n from laughn at him!
Definitely in! And while I can eat at Mecca, you guys can't drink at Uptown.
thanks for moving on for me :)
Oh man i love getting shit for listening to The Maine.
Me no want to go to work today.
34 of 39 states/territories not yet substantially implementing SORNA requested & were approved for the full reallocation of the penalty.
Just got home from work! Making the video now! Send in your last minute submissions and i'll add them in!!!
Let me whisk you away from your doubts and denial Oh I know that you've heard this before
Life = I'm doing it wrong.
No problem at al l- and thank you!
I been going to for almost a month and it's Fkn dope! Countless of badasses in there.. UFC 146 is debut!
Just tapped Lips of Faith Coco Mole.
Sometimes the shit your friends asks makes you wonder....is there really intelligent life out there ?!
Ever seen 1 of ya DOGS turn into a SNAKE?! Ever seen a SNAKE turn into RAT?! Fkn wit U...I can tell u bout that!
Picking up Dette Glashouwer from Amsterdam. She's spending two weeks meeting with artists in Atlanta. Theme: Money, banking and the future
Check the Kansas City stop for warp tour on our web site under music. --Baldinger
#Lugar had one fcn left in Senate: damping effective conservative ideas by hugging liberal ones
hopefully w. my boyfriend today.
That means Thursday is double-charge-my-checking-account day. Can't wait to talk to another overseas rep!
Someone accused me of only voting for because I'm a Hutcher. I'm not going to apologize for recognizing true talent.
did she want a treat after?
That's what I do too. Maybe the Garmin is off.
48 RSVP's to the Mark Sultan/BBQ- The Copperheads show already. Nice!
I wouldn't trust him with my dog or my donuts. RT : "I wouldn't let this guy dog-sit, let alone run a country.
how come ur not in the latest digital playground movies?
How old are you? I have a Teen division that is 14 to 17 years.
Hi Rebecca!! Dropping in to say hello. Hope all is well with you and yours. Hope you have a great week. Take care.
A Webby Award, Mountain Dew, Star Wars, and Barbie [On My Desk ...
It was fun. Terrific season.
twerkin solo dolo on that top bar tonight! come get wild and weird with me. I'm in need of a real toast to the scumbags tonight:)
Ugh what to do
I can't believe I'm gonna be a junior in a couple of months. I remember last year being so excited for high school...now it's a hell hole.
A little sore this morning after the hill workout last night. 5 miles on the horse trails in the Cleveland MetroPark
the sky :P j/k, but really not much just lyin around being lazy.
Sitting outside of #soulasylumstudios on the gazebo. Great day outside
so is losing a pinky today?
RT : So I already have an ugly christmas sweater, but I need THE UGLIEST ONE OF ALL.
love you more
To the chiefs?
When chase takes the burp game too far
I think it got warmer..., could just be my imagination playing tricks on me though.
Any tips on how to get rid of puffy eyes after crying? I tried heavier eye makeup and now I look like a harlot.
that was the third, you must be nuts
This Ready 4 It mixtape is so wavy!! My god!! Hosted and featured by the waviest of em all.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable
Wish i was paying CT prices these days! RT : Wow! And I thought $4.09 in CT yesterday was bad!
congrats Coach keep up the great work
People who hallucinate are more likely to drink lots of coffee. Chicken/ egg.
for what lol?
stands w/ "Rodney King" LAPD and chooses arbitrary Mon Nov 28 date to evict
indeed! I'm getting in the game with you!
Gym time <U+E00E><U+E14C>
I'll stop now...cheers and love to you all :)
I WILL write a blog post tonight...I will!
You would love him if he were a #titan ": Harrison is flat out dirty. We all know it
Thanks...y'all kinda look alike to me. I think she may be a little bit more cute than u. Lol
wow. I'm very very jealous.
“: Tomorrow should be fun ^_^”
The most important things in life are your friends, family, health, good humor and a positive attitude towards life - these are everything!
all i want to do on twitter is make people feel BEAUTIFUL, know that theyre WORTH it, feel LOVED and be CARED for <3
Apple cider donut snack.
Good morning y'all! happy and productive Saturday here. what about you?...
that's fine! You will be doing plenty next week!
Its merry happy hump day.
I forgot I had your game for wii! Pretty good workout!
Just a little shout out to our boy FYI he's the man
U have 3 hrs & 45 min 2 take advantage of our weekly FREE FRIDAY deal! check out the link we posted earlier 2 c wht u can get cleaned 4 FREE
can u talk get each number
Any1 else notice that #SCOTUS wasn't willing to read the HC law before ruling on it either? 2k+ pages no1 has read *worried for my country*
Almost 10 years AND 4,000 miles, I should add. It's not like I'm going to show up at Homecoming, folks.
I love my background!!!
our CEO is currently working 24/7 in creating TC, plus life and moving! (no pets) Cut to : TheaterConnects is looking to hire you!
Its Friday the Thirteenth but Tiger Woods won golf's Masters Tournament on this date in 1997
S/O to my homie Solo Bello We bout to do big thangs!! If you blink you might not see us coming..A lot can happen in 24 hrs
Thanks! I'll check it out - wish me luck :-)
Silverfish are the worst fish
“: Damn, I Tried To Get Over It But Fuck, This New Facebook Is Fucking Gay.”
go see my latest #WhatToExpectMovie in theaters this fri!!!
Beautiful Jennifer Hudson just beautiful.
Ok #Celtics...you're good making shots right underneath the basket. Time to make some jumpshots now.
Wish I'd packed tape - would use it to cover this guy's mouth! Surely, he has something on this train to clean or stock
I wasn't wowed by most of the fashions, was kinda disappointed
its a cruel concoction that was supposed ti be 'like a milkshake'.... only it had coffee in it.
Gettin ready to take a family out on a new Sea Ray 210 Select. What a boat! Another new happy MarineMax customer! I love ths job!
Willard will say anything.
I like that you use oy vey in daily convo, our plan to secretly convert her is working!
yea but even if they r there had to b somebody to make em like dat ...A MAN?!
today I was to the salon, after I go to the bar with the mans of my house ( I, my brother & my father). We eat liver! LOL
Guess ill just finish listening to my music and go to sleep.
sitting in class
WHAT THE FUCK RADIO/PANDORA.
So funny So many cats wanna say So many things but when the cards are shown they dont play their cards and are So outta there......
There's a King in the building.
my life >
Chris carter tried to tell me 2 chainz is better that kanye -__-
we can go to disney
Having fun in the desert for the weekend.. =] Wishing everyone a great weekend =]
It was good (as usual)! It was a bit odd but I enjoyed it.
How about both? A hot hoot mess. A messy hot hoot. A hooty hot mess. (I shut up now)
What's up with the internet in Dupont and Capitol Hill the past day or so. Seems to be running slow wherever I go.
#Rockies Rosario was hitting .194 before yesterday, looked lost. But pinch-hit single last night, followed by HR off Kreshaw today. Nice.
You're obviously upset that I beat you by one point in fantasy football.
I don't even remember what winter feels like!
Now , i go to applebees with my team !
GUYS: when she worries about you, it means she cares...but when she stops caring, that's when you should be worried.
Looking forward to pow-wowing with other lady bosses tonight!
follow back?
Jacob I have something to ask u
Liam Payne asked me out on a date because we're meant to be together <21
cheer practice, then I'm going to my friends turner and Corey's house.
Happening gal needs a personal assistant job...she's handled celebs before so if anyone is in need my tweet is an open door! ;)
Lose no time; be always employed in something useful
Port St Lucie Pain Management Group Now Accepting New Patients - PR Web (press release)
Snow falling on Hwy 26 at 185th and Bethany. Heavier at higher elevations.
That a baby! Big Blue!! 8pril!
Don't forget about the invisible children in Afghanistan. Iraq. Palestine. Somalia. Syria. India. Haiti. Pakistan. Kashmir. The World
How can we be lovers if we can't be friends?? If only Michael Bolton would answer this question for us. ()
What is this "sun" of which you speak?
I just want school to be over!!!!!!!!!
I hate these doors
Too cute for words!!
Thx for your feedback! Much appreciated.
I swear is comedy I would RT that last tweet cuz it's funny but my moma got hair haha
Also, on Saturday, October 6 we will have a special set of sessions for charter school teachers as part of our 2012 conference.
oh god i wish i was in fl lolol
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
RT : Ah rain, you make me wnt to bake things and curl up next to someone.
Chilling with my Philly hang gang nigga,we riding deep today
Scanner Traffic Says It Is A Fire In Transformer of the Roof -Of 11 Madison Ave - New York. - you can see the smoke from NJ
It did not last: the devil howling "Ho! Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.
By myself. Again.
Hello MY LOVE!!! How are you... Long time no HEAR =)
Loving #UIBC! THANK YOU for such a great program!!
Think positively about yourself every day because without you the world would not be the same!
It's only life
I think I might finally be over the virus that's been pestering me all week.
Starting new job tomorrow. *everything will be smooth* *everything will fall into place*
Almost got hit by a bus bc my vintage Chanel earring fell off and rolled into the street. Had to save it!
I'm not a tiny dancer but you can hold me closer.
Watching the Game in Canadian because DirecTV sucks.
thank you! Have a wonderful day.
thanks for the mention on appadvice today! downloads are blowing up.
Scroll one
Morning Mr Matt
hey, thanks for the rt!
Frankly..... ew.... RT : I bet Daniel Tosh has a sex tape with a midget in it.
Hey guys, sorry if I've been M.I.A. I promise I'll be back when the season starts :)
consitions in which rats exist
Thanks for posting the slides for L&C presentation in Global Learning
great game u almost had one
with your favorite teacher right now, and all I can think about it what you told me yesterday. So I'm like staring at her funny
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each neighborhood Firehook Bakery store!
seriously, me too. I saw her live and it took everything in me not to cry/faint/die/scream/attack her
It's way to early to have already run, lifted, and been to the trainer.
I'm drunk as fuck and just wanna go to bed but the room is spinning <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080>
Calling my shot.<---case of the shorts
Did you know: The word "bridal" comes from "bride-ale" which is an old term for a celebratory wedding feast. Now go impress your friends.
Did something brave today. You should too.
winner! RT “: oh wait, i think it's Harmon Killebrew”
RT : Every man has TWO "types"..... "His type" and the exact opposite.
hey man you should really stop by Blitz for 1st thurs. We have a tent up and have a lot of people coming. It will be a Party!!!!!
o...good money made
good luck today gorgeous girl! Remember be confident! Lots of love your pageant coach ;) x
Join our guest moderator for #sschat Monday 5/7 when we'll discuss Devices in the Classroom.
She is currently freelancing. :)
love to hear it...it I one of my faves too
I was at the oh21cs session. after it i spent time on your site and lehman's. i know i saw a ppt with quotes of change in edu
Thousands are at Zuccotti Park to protest eviction.
Yeah, but I think it'll just come and go. It'll be a footnote.
Me n fenna go out for a jog....i look like a hot mess lmao
The Icing On The Cake Is The BEST Part!!!!
great new look!
Another edition of "Down on the #RedSox Farm" coming tomorrow morning, including #PawSox streaks, Brentz, Bradley and a #Drive no-no.
No, I did not. Perhaps you have me confused with another person by the same name.
Awesome! I can't wait!
Grades not Fab-ulous. Fab Melo out for a week. Per my #Syracuse source, could be done for the season.
You rock!
Surrounded by all the miniature poodles at Duboce Park.
Kalipari vs Self in the championship again. Hope Kalipari win this one this time. Need for Kentucky to grab a win
I call it "time optimist."
can't wait for the show tonight with
Damn I Tried To Take A Mf Nap, But Mfs Are So Inconsiderate That I Only Had 10 Mins Of My Eyes Being Closed. Smh. Go Argue Somewhere Else.!
I need people like you in Atlanta! I get the sense that it's just not all that common.
Good night!
19 yo Eli Rabago missing frm Tucson. Mental capacity of an 11 yo. Not familiar with Tucson area. He may be scared.
You keep making me weak. Yeah frozen and can't breathe.
Mongolian grill conquered. Now let's roll Newkid to the club for soundcheck...
Grrrr. Not a good day today.
frantic wasp whizzing around the room what a horrible buzz they make
pretty much. Nothing happens there which is good for the most part. It's really chill mostly
Now we see things imperfectly as in a cloudy mirror, but then we will see everything with perfect clarity. 1 Corinthians 13:12a
St. Florian's Church has their festival going on next door, and I can safely say the cover band playing doesn't know any songs past 1987.
I'm not gonna lie the kid in me is excited for the possibility of thunderstorms
Cubs World Series Victories
Is My Lil Dip :)
i never complained tho. I'll be watching every week
I could have walked home backwards faster than this.
Another late night of That 70's Show.
St Patrick's Day shooting downtown injures 5 teens, prompts police chief to ask parents/community to step up and supervise young people
Like RIFT on Facebook! Watch the trailer and learn more about the release dates on www.RiftTheMovie.com
how are they Chris? Did 7 eat 9?
You were missed at tonight's meeting but I hope your having fun in NY! We need to go to soon!
I phux wit er'body!
We're celebrating Black History Month with a look at African-Americans in Scifi and Fantasy. Today's subject, Joe Morton.
y not TwoDay!,,,
how about a tiki bar? for loan? for free drinks...get at us!
“: dear haters, i have so much more for you to be mad about. #justbepatient”
tweet me simpsonizers :)
Thank you for all your work Kaman I wish you the best and hope one day you come back to the Clippers good luck!
Silent House was the BEST movie EVER!
Fake friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour."
Really Ostrich Egg guy??? C'mon Ryan needed it!
Whoops! Sorry Todd. Good catch.
Dude's got an app for tracking whales... Sat data sent to his phone. Cousteau would be proud
Tonight's Childbirth Prep Series is CANCELLED
Do you think San Diego State has any chance at the upset over Utah?
You might think I'm sweet and innocent girl, but baby I can rock your world. You see a halo, well there just hiding my horns.
If you couldn't meet me in Louisville, there's now way I'm driving to Hunstville.
yes :) we are leaders even if we are not conscious of it; better to be conscious of what we are messaging!
Monday is here. We hope everyone had a great weekend.
#10PrettyPeopleIFollow and all the rest are 10
The bbq in this KC episode of No Reservations looks eye wateringly good
Today I wash, clean, & finish my work. Tomorrow I chill & schwag as usual
#COasset will strengthen the base upon which our future economic competitiveness & qualify of life will rest
RT : Da bomb is the hottest hot sauce I ever ate
Rumor has it one of your own "kids" is here. ;) (typing, in fact)
RT : Wondering when is coming back, we have a bunch of partying to catch up on.<--I hope soon
Happy Birthday Darrell
God really moved at Epic today! I love my job! Can't wait to move into 2010 and see what God does!
I love you. Thought you should know.
Is it sad that Erryn and I get all our current event news from Weekend Update with Seth Meyers? Bahahaha
RT : Who let the bubbles out? Who! Who! ...
maybe means yes! ;-)
keep that ass tight !
It was to fun today! Calling ppl her bae lol
My fro looks and feels amazing
My insides looking like a snickers bar..I’m talking caramel leathers ..Damn right, so fly I need feathers
ALESSA is Red, White and Blue today ;D
Buy Today for Tomorrow. Esprit Park's Dogpatch neighborhood, one of SF's most mature & yet up-and-coming communities.
Get crazy today and order our chargrilled club or Chick-fil-A sandwich deluxe with everything on it.
I'm totally late on this book but what the hell!?! So good! Are the other 2 books about Christian and Ana?
Oh nothing.
We now have our own signature coffee! Stop by and try our Signature House Blend, Signature Dark or Signature Decaf! Friday doesn't get...
What happened with Landen Lucas? Just read he had a final four and Oregon wasn't listed.
Happy Richter Scale Day Seattle!
Keep going! The race is everything!
you give me as says "goosies"!!! And Randy got it right this time ;-)
About to call my brother Jason Heyward Yell Go I20 Braves Rite Down The Street Turner Field
Actually I was missing there tonight. When he and get together it's always entertaining.
The stock market is now like an egg. It the plunge team is not careful the shell will implode.
I spend most of my day thinking about how nice it'll be to get in bed to sleep, and when I finally do, I can't sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Megatron is staying in Detroit
Have you sweat today??
likewise. I'm glad you and your parents were Able to make the game it was nice seeing u guys. I will be back soon
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process. – Jim Rohn
Yes I'm going to my high school football game tonight.
So busy reading the 42 page license agreement for iTunes update I missed the iPad3 announcement.. What do you mean it's #notcalledipad3?
The more lawyers there are, the more people are out there to encourage others not to go to law school
$1 off all craft cans and pints. $3 off pitchers! Trivia at 7. Over $100 in prizes!
Amazing night!!! I love rave invaders <3
your acc keeps spamming me -__-
gotta alot of growing up to do!
My best friend in ballet is 26 years old..I need friends my own age.
My new website is about 75% done. So excited.
Thanks so much, Mike!
I love hearing good news from in 25 days ill be in cali.
That shot of Axford showed the outfield bleachers sure emptied out in a hurry.
": #canibehonestwithyou You're not fooling anyone... Nobody thinks your life is as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook."
thanks for following Bieeb's, I love you<U+2665>
hahaha thats bout tha only thang you ain't lied about. I'm through wit this dude Lmao too funny
I just threw out a bunch of crap the jukebox company added and put in Gotye.
really wanting a new tattoo...thanks shiloh ! =p
People stepping in Chicago, ballrooming in Detroit..
Try L'Albatros Cheese of the Month, featuring 3 ripe, seasonal cheeses, descriptions & tasting notes each month. Call 216.791.7880.
Hop The fuck Off My Dick! Like Please! And You Wonder Why I Didn't Want To Date You!
Saint Augustine!
About to shoot a video cover for in Spanish.. Who's excited???
Headed to see Kevin martins cd release at the belly up---
Please connect with us on facebook at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
All that work and still leading the polls
"patrick, go be stupid somewhere else."
#check ya yahoo
Deal of the day-Mini Steak Nachos only $5! Its the holidays! Indulge!
I'm having some serious 3G issues in MEM, just a heads up
Done with school, time to nap
It's kind of sad when the most interesting thing in my life at the moment is homework.
Yes on Marriage bill. It's the right thing to do, plain and simple. That this is so difficult affirms it. Please do the right thing
no delivery...come get it. PS I own a big knife and a gun. LOL
Any update on restoration of service in Baltimore City? Thanks!
Making CUPCAKES for tomorrow. They taste so good :)
still no luck
Somehow the #brewers are never quite what they should be.
Watermelon margaritas. Much better idea in theory than in reality. blech!!
If you follow go ahead and unfollow him immediately
sign Lang. Is cool boo and like you said it WILL make you more marketable.
Riley just gtb done eating her Gerber Yogurt she took the spoon n tried to feed herself and gt yougurt all over me and her
Can't wait til my sista bday we clowning
Now, that's the spirit! We will see you soon! ; )
I like the LCD's. Just do... Good Luck...
Just you, all SD American Idol contestants and the San Diego Chicken.
See you in #Indy, Buddy!
Thanks for the love! Survival 101: find other survivors. Survival 201: if u run out of food, eat other survivors
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Billy Cundiff's cool under pressure
are you following us on yet?
thank you for this!
Extra, extra! Eat all about it... IT'S MUNCH MADNESS ALL WEEK HERE AT THE FUJI!
Chocolate contact flavonoids, which act as antioxidants. Antioxidants protect the body from aging caused by free radicals.
“: #greenonions” gonna watch the Blues Brothers tonight.
Ready for the long weekend?
I met my fiance on about 9 months ago. :)
If you're driving between Milwaukee & Chicago, be warned... Tons of cops! Merry XMas, license & registration please.
agreed with idol being the first!!!
RIAA&#39;s Waterloo? Anonymous Looks to set streaming music free
You are gorgeous <3
If I unfollowed you ...sorry its my phone.
Avengers = Amazing!
Alright you stupid 'Whisker Wars', show me what you got!
You're welcome!
Thursday nights used to be my fav <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Why are we awake
To all of the sales people out there. Quick tip: Smiling, even if you're forcing it, while talking on the phone makes you sound friendlier.
THIS SATURDAY AT THE POLISH CLUB! !
Yes, I was.
Hmm. My "Digital Curation: A how-to-do-it manual" book request comes back "item not on shelf." Ironic or self-validating?
watching mammoth- haunting
We are looking forward to seeing all of our members tonight at "An Evening with Mark Francis" at 7:30PM in Johnson 200!
Can't wait 2 be tanned.!
Podcast, done. AFL Hall of Fame release, distributed. Leaving the Headquarters to gym. Then, it's time for
I should be paranoid than....damn!
it must be rough
Clearly, & are men of distinguished and cultivated tastes.
Starting September 15th, I may be coming to a classroom near you.
Their is a lot of bad females here.. But the back is quite absent.
AT&F where other teams dreams are crushed
Spread the word: & 's "Night Shades" project will debut Friday, April 13, 2012.
I think you're underestimating your own level of gate-keeping.
@ the reserve!
#YouCanGetMajorPointsIf you're a hobo. (;
I haven't watched tv the last week, I guess I have missed the commercials, but I am so excited!!!!
why six many question, you the tweeter police. Im my jay-z COME AND GET ME
Good things coming. I feel it.
our pleasure!
Oh okay. Can't wait to see your recap of #TheVoice on in a few. Go Jermaine!!!
I wanted to personally thank the mothers of my teammates, because if it weren't for them i wouldn't have a back bone, rhrurr my life!
Heading to #TexasFrightmareWeekend? Don't use Google Maps; apparently the #Hyatt would rather you go to their PO Box than their hotel.
" A leader is a dealer in hope. " - Napoleon Bonaparte
Nothing to worry about, my dear. You're going to do great!!!! <3
Sporting Explore 2.0 is now available for all Android and iOS devices. Download and check out the new features for tonight's match!
I'm actually watching victorious now!
your not a virgin , huh ? (;
Bonnie & Clyde
#imhopingthat jesus comes back and lays down the savior smack
so you're repealing NDAA?
#1waytopissmeoff Is by waisting my time on Something worthless
cancelled my home phone and ordered 10Mbps internet.
Things will get better. Keep believing that.
I cant believe it! the love of my life, , is turning 17 2morrow nd he doesnt follow or even notice me!!!!!
Hello! Saying hi, and hoping u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
Thanks for the follow!
so u like 2 dabble n music-what kind?Where can we hear the latest&greatest from Mr. March (isn't that better than JoeBeast? Lol)
luv it when u love me baybaayyyyy
Need to help students develop digital media literacy skills: students don't know how to evaluate.
Whos up for some Modern Warfare?
Rumor: about to slow it down for all the ladies..men, have your girl watch and just say thank you!
Never take my kindness for weakness.
lame is the new cool bro
Does anyone have a can of spray paint I can borrow for a block?
I CAN BE VERY UNPREDICTABLE SOMETIMES! !!!
Why didn't I think of that??
Thanks! It went really well! Now I have a little break, then another presentation at 3:30! Woot!
Oops, meant to tell and that I'll be at the "Case Studies" session too.
I think we need a #RealTalk Tweet convo with the #MightyPHI family soon because of 's query. Can Black & Gay co-exist?
waiting patiently for dane county to report......that should give kloppenburg a huge boost.
that play is so amazing
do you prefer darling?
RT : How's the book designing biz these days? ?> Biz is booming. Glad you're feeling better.
Hey there, I have a giant library (literally) of unusual Chicago literature (a lot from 90s subcultures)
sex offender registries
Cavs can't buy a bucket. Everyone LeBron passes to clanks it.
RT": Who all is going to the Orioles FanFest?" Sadomasochists
Good luck with your search. DNS.com supports unlimited domains. Feel free to DM for a free trial code.
Looking for a Knowledge Management Specialist for a client in San Francisco, CA. This KM Specialist will be responsible for the research,…
yeah, that will never go away.
Looking forward to the Tribe game. Going anywhere special to watch?
Montreal trialist Bernardo Corradi watering his boots during stoppage of play: "My feet are on fire." Brings smiles to Impact bench.
- laying groundwork for my first. Altruistic web app for ppl helping one another and strengthening their community. What's up?
So do I! RT Happy 75th, Jim. We still miss you.
Alcohol, Bad Food, Soda.... gonna be tough. you?
Chris Newfield on the American Funding Model and the UC system: higher ed singled out for cuts while prisons skyrocketed.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool it's 2nd period and I've already eaten all my lunch... So what do I do for lunch?
What did you think of the #VGAs ? hot or flop?
oh Matt you're so sneaky. Can't wait to see Punk'd next week!
Glad to know my favorite director from ages 9-17 and ages 25-present is friends with my favorite director from ages 18-24.
So sad and so predictable.
You're *
rub one out that works for me
OOPS.... Goodbye Wednesday.....Hello Thursday...Choose to have a great day. I am certainly going to try
hating on hate words!
RT : Things change. Let them.
Shopping for my next camera - having a hard time choosing between D5100 and D7000. From what I've read, D700 is where it's at.
I just love Niggas In Paris.
Its funny... why do people have to lie about the smallest things even when you already know the truth.
At old Charlies
idk when i listen to it on youtube it says tori kelly lol and theres a fat black girl beat boxing lol
Did you watch up to episode 5?! (:
He's new around here. Memo may not have arrived yet.
Havlat just flicked off the crowd at Staples after he scored. Wow. Classy.
Are You Dating Like a Grownup?
Thanks to all of our recent followers! Be sure to check out our website often and click the envelope icon to join our mailing list!
": looking forward to visiting your store next week" Awesomeness. Don't forget to bring your feet.
Excited - wilsongraphics was mentioned again in a national magazine! yay!
RT i honestly think that is my bestest friend in the entire world.
so glad your ok an there to help! Xxoo
I stress myself over all the homework I have, and then I come to realize I probably won't do it anyways.
oh I know I'm not singling him out by any means. I just hate that all these celebs get to do what ever the hell they want.
FB special at BDW green chile cheese Burger combo for $5.99. Just say Face book and get the special...
I got it! Your mom (and mine) probably wouldn't, but I imagine the coworkers did?
Lebron is raw .... Lmao not a hater ... Lebron played great defense on KD damn ... What a game !
good luck Todd see ya when u come to Mill town
HAHAHA I LOVE YOU! <3 "hit the lights..." <3
I do!! And that it my bday
RT IF YOU HATE SCHOOL!
My baby gone eat that food and be out for the count watch.
Jack White tomorrow!!!!
can't you roll most of your things down the hill?
Fire up the Tebow comparison machine! MT "This is close to a miracle." Santorum OH surrogate on closeness of vote.
I'm coming over!!
hahaha you said 9 more days, right? I better start voice practice soon!
can't wait to see what you've chosen to sing tonight Colton, I'm sure it'll be amazing! Rooting for you all the way! I love you!
Happy Leap Day!
#MCN12 proposal submitted!
I wish I could be a professional nap taker or something.
Lovely! Thanks!
Big show just got hit by a car on Monday night raw!
lol I just saw it
You are almost there!!! Keep strong :)
Game on!
Second day of working Brooks Institute Orientation. These kids are great.
I am only now finding an adult love for the avocado, and all its byproducts.
getting highly upset and really irritated...
And just like that I start 4 hours of meetings.
Happy Friday – let the countdown the Happy Hour begin!
#3WordsForYou Stop Being Stupid
SOTI MobiControl Delivers Premium Mobile Device Management Support for Samsung Galaxy SIII
Yeah, I let the search committee head know about it.
perfect cool drizzle I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
your menu looks delicious!
I'm not surprised. Hope you're able to catch up on some z's.
May 2, 1942: Churchill: "I have read very few books during this war, only 6 or 7. I am a great lover of narrative."
It's a Friday night. A rock n roll party in the streets. Head banging beer drinking . Crazy mutha fooockers
1st day of School...man its quiet around here :(
In Washington, the Caps host the New York Rangers at the Verizon Center in a game that can be seen in the United States
Yes-conservatory trained mus. are mulit-talented! RT : Loved the head banging to Bohemian Rhapsody last night.
Crawford giving up goals hawks only winning by scoring bushels. Does this game actually make you feel any better?
On my way to see #BrandiCarlile in concert.... Fantastically excited!!!!!
Beautiful day outside!
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Life is a bitch depending on how u treat it u might get rich true story...
I don't understand Randy Jackson's suit/tie ensemble.
thanks so much for the feature on us! FYI - typo on one of our names it's Farrah not Sarrah. :)
#oomf is looking a little rough since the last time I saw them. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
hey you. Yeah, you. Don't let these fucking jealous haters get to you. You are amazing and all you care about is making ppl :)
Hm, your new BFF is one. I wonder if he'd be up for it.
!!! Very happy birthday to the only girl who loves asian food, trap music, and Timbaland more than I do.
very small lol. I've had so many random encounters with people I havent seen in years since I moved home, nuts!
Welcome to Workaholics Anonymous.
I just checked in on TouchTunes at south park abbey's Juke Box....
Thank you for the mention. Have a great week!
Happy Birthday! What you did is amazing. :-) so much respect.<3
Legends Award Artist Kristi Duckworth's collaborative mural is on front page of the CA today! Driving by Central High later to see it.
No, iPhone autocorrect. Stop changing it to cumin. I'm trying to talk nasty, not dole out recipe's.
EVERYBODY FOLLOW plz
We've got my man Greg Porn doing an AMA on tomorrow at 1:00pm EST. I'll link when we're live.
tramatic morning and I almost lost my cat , yes I'm tweeting about my cat
Andrew Prochno scored the #Huskies third goal of the game! :)
wants to cast for YOU. Yes, you.
no one said it'd be easy
MY TEAM IS OUT PLAYOFFS! ...you guys got your lil star Kobe and STILL loosing....^_^ ...bahahaahaa
I hope they play with urgency, and bring Bynum out the Box, hoping The big men can hit some jumpersor hooks...
I'm here until sunday so Friday or Saturday works
Thx for the tip-- I've been doing that; better than no food, that's for sure. I may end up trying Dramamine or.. something.
Now that is a quality tweet. #CavsSuck Hey everybody, the Pistons are beating the Cavs 104-57 in the fourth quarter.
blurrrrgh i dont think i can... i wish they were showing it more than once. Think theyll have it at Kendall at some point?
they are all great cities, but Austin and San Antonio would be my two recommendations
omg it's march already.....
Sittin on the shitter talkin to in the stall next to me haha dude cracks me up
okay, back on the job........ time to bust some crooks
wow! thats all i have to say!!!
I'd rather be honest & disliked than dishonest & liked
Lets not hold back on wat the past has done but lookin fwd to changing our future!!!....
Am I own time?
feel so right
if i DMd u my number would u call me :) lol
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote – Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, give up. – Winston Churchill - 1941
I like cooking an baking. Love me? xD
Is anyone else having twitter app issues on iPhone??
When someone follows you, then unfollows you, then follows you again <<<
. To be one of 's most influential people yet still can not be a member at Stay Classy America.
If you're still around tomorrow, go to Oklahoma Joe's. That's the dive you're looking for. :)
Just loaded iPhone 3.0 OS. Searching my iPhone. Now we're talking!!!
lol it's cuz I'm fighting my bleep lol
hm, can I take a guess?
what I would give for him to come walking back in that door telling me they didn't need him at work tonight
ok, seriously what is connect.me
#T-Mobile. No customer svc super available 2 talk? Now u get twitter. Trying to sell me new services when my phone does not work is #lame!:(
I'm listening to a ton of pop punk to remember what it was like to be a heartbroken 17-year-old. Research is fun.
RT : Is it a walk of shame if no one knows and there is no shame?
If you NOT a freak I can't fuck with you ;
There are only two reasons why Peyton Manning makes : 1) winning a Super Bowl or 2) getting cut by
God gave us a penis and a brain, but only enough blood to run one at a time.
Hey Honey .. I shrunk my taxes and now that want to see my returns!
done and done!
I supposed the start-up friendly term for the gowalla situation is PIVOT.
OKC came out to play ball… embarrassing the Lakers
don't forget the powerhouse in Austin, ut
That was the most exciting stage in many years
can and then because this stuff this person has been saying as me is deadly serious, I'm taking it all to the police so they
i still turn to you
When power saving comes on <
congrats on your finish, good to see. Keep it going!!
JALEN!!!! Hope you are great!!! Been trying to catch up with you! Got some big events coming up I want to tell you about!
Not sure
tearing apart a small roasted bird
I've been married a long time, I get plenty of chances
Heartbeat- The Fray <U+2764>
Thank you for the follow as well! :)
I was never the girl next door
Happy Birthday ! :D
It's funny how you wanna the leave the hood but you get out you wanna go back.
lol i can imagine! surprised you don't wake dripping with cum
No one won the mega millions....unbelievable.....1 billion dollars for a lotto ticket next week...
It's actually better than hearing about Kelly Clakrson informing me that whatever doesn't kill me can make me stronger
Jazz Estate is on Murray on Easy side. Great tunes.
With credit, sure! Let me know the link once it is published.
Ariana's flawless and you know it. So be jelly cuz she shows it.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
is home from work on a sultry September evening, watching the Cheshire cat crescent moon getting whiter in the sky.
Lmao oh gosh. Im just gonna buy a puppy named lil'johnny sheeit lmao.
You need to lay off the teams from FIBland #GEEBZ RT : Tough flipping back and forth between Bulls and Hawks... need a second TV
When is the duedate for sending in nonprofit fundraising events?
Feel bad for -voice of the #Ravens. People have him confused with the Penn State coach. Show him some love Baltimore and RT!
MT : : why aren't carefully researched & produced films valued same as articles, books in academy?
aw, Fogo is the best!! I miss you too!!
Wow cant believe Niki boobs was showing when she was sheing you think she would relize it
Thank you Your awesome!!
he has 1 INT that came in 4th quarter against NIU.
Enjoying last 2 nights in hotel then off to our new place on Monday. yay.
I'll let you know when the first batch is ready.
Tomorrow is my last day of high school. :(
Mother's deserve to have a wonderful mother's day. I just wish the day did not fall on the weekend. Lol
Orlandito is landing harder shots, and more at that. This is a good test and step up for him.
Thank God Morning ended w Charles Osgood singing Easter Parade. Went a long way toward helping me forget Ben Stein's rascist rant
no doubt! ;) were u getting judo lessons all afternoon from Sven?
I'll be tuning in!
Said I wasn't allowed to "combine discounts"
My favorite sports talk station () will b interesting today. Hope , and let the Twins have it
It's the most wonderful time of the year...Shark Week! Pics here:
Blue top, white skirt, rainbow socks?
Done and done! :D
fina txt u
My favorite thing about Mondays is and always will be listening to the This American Life podcast.
Thanks for the birthday wishes sweetie!!!! Love you bunches!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
it is too much...exactly..
sure, a little sounds good today.
Happy thanksgiving to all :)
I can't believe it trended. #Arianators trend the funniest stuff ever xD
can't wait for to come back to Indyy. 2 weeks !
Early week special good through tomorrow. 1.75L of Bacardi, Smirnoff 80, and Evan Williams $17.99 each, get them while they last!
Who are some of your must-follow Indy tweeters?
Great time visiting with friends tonight & cooking pad thai
Looking forward to seeing you again!
Apparently I'm easy to fall in love with but hard to forget.... Uh thanks?
You can't change what's done, you can't go back in time. All you can do is learn from your mistakes and be a better person.
Life's to short to be anything but happy!
Enjoyed having you! RT : Fun to work w/the folks on today's webinar. Thanks for the invite!
Why do so many people confuse education change with education reform? Do change and reform really mean the same thing?
RE: Brady Quinn. We all say things we regret but when you know it's an interview for a magazine aren't you extra careful?
Maybe I shouldn't have texted that earlier... Where's DOC when you need him?
I'm sorry
I hate March madness cuts into
BattleofAtlanta 43 presents Jujitsu & Grappling June 18. Rules & Divisions: www.battleofatlanta.info 500 Divisions total! Join us!
Maple pecan! Far better than "real" ice cream.
Great story. Thanks for sharing.
Look at the home, some bands have already been announced
Another Super Bowl MVP for Eli Manning. And probably another $3-5M in new ad deals.
like I said before, anything you want man, we'll hook it up. I don't want to see you eating that tilapia stuff.
Couldn't make it to Vegas for the #ncaa tourney and the clubs out there. and seeing big rob will suffice until April!
#nbaplayoffs game on the line and you can choose a past or current player to take the last shot...who would it be?
omg im a huge fan please follow me back?
OMG, the #WWDC Apple announcement is TODAY!
I GUESS I could start my day...
Sometimes I have to remind myself: I cannot control the people around me. Sometimes it actually helps. Often I forget it two seconds later.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others ~ Ayn Rand
RT : What's going on? (Did you read this or sing this?) / Read it.
you are my Madonna/Brittany/Miley all rolled into one...<3
From gloves over the head to OCD to Mysophobia you and my son have so much in common. He graduated class clown. Luv you both.
wonderful! You?
yeah dats right dawg I won!
Doors open for Latin Night at 11pm. Start the weekend off right!
Word guy = person who writes and edits stuff, mostly at Journal Sentinel &
Yet another Friday in a study carrel.
I'm not even tired .. -___- School's going to be great tomorrow ..
Such a long night tonight.....
We found love in a hopeless place....or SVC....
if you want haha I don't care :)
Psssst girlfriend. I'm lonely without you. Come snuggle.
Had the opportunity to work with Erica from Mary Mary on Sunday. She's a sweetheart.
“ These thirsty dudes be chasing these females. I let them breath, don't got time for any female to stop my focusing.”
<U+2665> you are so talented =)
I am so pumped for some much needed family time tonight!
S/O 2 my new followers and
Obvs, plenty good arg why Sdcers better able to smooth risk, not individs.
Babyy <U+2665> I've missed you so much! it feels like a lifetime since we've talked :/
My pleasure. Thanks for the follow back! :)
Who was the last team to beat Stanford? The same team that will beat them today.
So long to wait! You poor Alabamians!
got a lesson on Cision, completed my first Pac/West press release, and have a client pitch tomorrow! I am learning so much already!
Bloody loved Wrath of the Titans. Daft epic fun....and again, the world was saved by the English/Irish accented actors!
Care to Sit Down, Let's talk it out One on one, Without a Crowd.....
Congrats to Heather Bowe (EC Regis) on being named 2012 Wisconsin Ms. Basketball!!!
we would like to do our talks at future WP ATL meet-ups if that's ok
First day of sabbatical is coming to an end. Lots of travel and gradual disconnect. Still seems super weird...
I love it, I love it, I love it when u eat it
I wish it was christmas
I can do it! I have all the gear
your so sweet thanks
Long-time buddies & former teammates #JohnBosa and talk about John's son going to #OhioState and more on radio and online.
21-year old Charles Lake charged with murder of 64-year old man in Pearl District apartment appeared in court by video. No bail.
There never seems to be enough time in a day to make all the music I want to make...
Hrm. Like Zoho Creator but frustrated by their subscription options. 1 month or 1 yr. No option to sign up for multiple months at 1 time. :P
Some nasty fog along the coast and up and down the 15 early on this Thursday - Sunny on the way, less humid, cool coastal, warm inland.
Got everyone on the thread to admit using programs using tax dollars! But blaming that on blacks! Hm u r all white
'zactly my thought when I saw 'em.
not all of us get to see our girl friends all school year! POW
Moore Moore the kid next door.
lol. You play too much cuzin.
Another activity that would dovetail well would be interactive video conferencing.
Workplace #safety tip: Know your company’s emergency plan. If your company doesn’t have one, volunteer 2 develop one
PS, that was "homegrown" prior to predictive text.
Steak and College Football Tonight!!
hit me
#bored finna throw out random freestyles
OMG! head & shoulders on index
Dallas Comic Con here we come!
Ready to wrap everyone's presents from the dog, replacing items she mistook for dog toys. OMG. She's licking the coffee table leg ...
Having the most amazing birthday EVER!! <3
Diamones pizza on 10 ordered more Dan snuff last nite
That's the default public MO of our era, unfortunately.
Comedian Harland Williams Live at the Paramount Friday April 2 @ 8pm. Doors open at 7pm. Tickets available at the box office or online.
<U+2665> Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there!! R.I.P. to mine Clarice Oten! I miss you Momma!! I will continue to live & make you proud<U+2665>
Today's shooting schedule: Living room, backyard, toilet, living room
Rated L for Literary. HA.
he is doing what all GOP does. Create their own truth to fit their purpose. Words mean what they want them to mean.
I hate that! ": Fucking idiots that can't differentiate between your, and you're, and their, they're and there. "
tomorrow is my last day in the bay. bittersweet.
We are @ $4:30 up here. If it keeps climbing, I am going to either die or get a really good bike. LOL
“veronicalovess: Loved the show... Really amazing!” stopped ready after the third syllable, amiright?
Lol perfect message me first, we sell out quickly
Oh boy, today's the day Austin moves to Miami....here come the tears
MY FRIGGEN HEAD IS GONNA EXPLODE!!!!!!! THAT MAY JUST BE A RELIEF.
Y'all can't go out like this... Twitter beefin, really??
THAT looks treacherous lol!
Happy Birthday ! We love the mini cupcakes from Milwaukee Cupcake Co
i really hope my neighbors enjoy pierce the veil .
Seahaven is so chill right now.
Woohoo! Been waiting for this RT 30 Rock.... Tonight....on NBC....
haha! you know they hate us!
Is it the way that you kiss? .. Its gotta be the way you taste
Where the egg is hatched, but it implies the chick leaves. An incubator is great, but what if the recipe calls for chicken?
My mom walked through the door singing Save You Tonight!!! Im soo proud:)
Your commercial was by far the funniest tonight.
Got dangit I'm missing it! Had it in my planner and all. Womp. RT : Toni Morrison tonight at 7:00 at Union Sq B&N (via )
The most important part of an athlete's body is above his shoulders. ~ Ty Cobb
also Papa Johns is fucking amazing but I sadly remember it tasting better as a kid
I looked at his eye and started laughing
Although 89% of consumers do their product research online, a whopping 93% of purchases are still made in brick-and-mortar stores.
i feel like every body ganging up on me and the ONE person thats SUPPOSE to be there for me bailed on me.
#shehechat the welcome is all you
“The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.” -Coco Chanel
We have been super busy lately, hope you all are doing well, update coming soon for our website.
great! I finally got a job doing advertising sales for radio stations in Milwaukee. I start Monday!
taking the weave out ! going curly fro
5 minutes in. How am I still in class?
What a great thing to do!
Fashion Night Out is approaching! The Luxe Citizens will be attending events 9/8 at with
need more post on my computers facebook page, go to montecox on facebook find computers click on like button on the left hand side
Dod you know that Obama has not offered ANY SPECIFIC spending cuts yet. Just generalities. Where is the leadership? adultwell
Water Buffalo Sausage today! Try a Decadent, Dense, Deliriously Delicious, Double Chocolate Crunchy Peanut Butta Brownie!
Getting ready to head out wit my mom and my kids for a fun filled afternoon!
Trying not to act suspicious when passing police even though you're innocent.
Confession: i am really into black guys....idk y i just am XD
Browsing my timeline makes me feel pulled in different directions. So many happenings competing for my attention.
hope you got some more for backup when that runs out. You know it'll run out.
what kind of content are you looking for (in terms of subject matter)?
hi just got out of school finally and about 2 eat my snack pack:)
Tries to smile
“: I can promise you this - this Summer will be the Summer of Old Style in Chicago - who's comin' with me?” 110% in...
I would love to! I,m setting up summer workshops now. Do you have any suggestions of dance studios that might be interested?
Tonight on #AmericanRoadToVictory, battlefield historian Ellwood vonSeibold tours the U.S. D-Day landings in real time. On MPTV 36 at 8PM.
Partnership-focused agreement with Mayor, City Council & State with oversight teeth is ideal solution to manage #Detroit's restructuring.
amazing indeed! Thanks for sharing!
King Co. Sheriff's deputies spotted a bear around 2am in Maple Valley. Dispatchers confirm bear ran off, NO active search underway.
I hate this school.
no way. no how.
Good job Falcons.. Now lets go
your call, can I get the GF's number?
shoutout to my new followers and
How often?
Also have some crazy fiction as well!
12:00 eastern standard time. Talk soon!
1st Time magazine, now Newsweek using shock images to sell, soon they’ll be hacking phones like Murdock's News Corp.
Who looks better than the Packers right now?
I hope his health improves. Be good to see you.
I. I believe. I believe that. I believe that we will win!
just walked in and looking forward to a great drink!
I never really eat meals at set times. Just when I'm hungry.
. Does it take effort to be as paranoid and crazy as you are or does it happen organically?
D.E.A.D. in the library right now. Sunny and 45 probably have something to do with it.
At the studios for the #raceoutloud conversation.
Oh sweet mother of Jesus.
I need to shower. I need to eat something. I need to get groceries. It's almost 3:00. And we're supposed to be at in-laws around 7:00. Hrmmm
Sabrina's tweets >>>
i am now officially known as danielle "SHREDKA" thanks to GNAR LAR who christioned me with this new name.
Morning practice.yes
I thank the lord everyday that I found you <U+2764>
we are looking for management. Plz email my dad
I agree, the Black Bay is nice, but with a robust vintage Tudor/Rolex market, in the new market, the Pelagos is the real standout.
Cat bagpipes
using your iPhone to buy your fries - the future of mobile on campus via lisaLapin and iStanford
#Android market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: "Pretty neat game.. pass time at work" by Crystal
RT : If communication is not your top priority, all of your other priorities are at risk. --Bob Aronson
what ever you guys need i can play any position needed!
i think the network of tunnels scraps dug under the lawn says it all.
Ha! Approaching 4,000. “: im mad got more tweets then me.. gotta step my tweet game up in order to pass him”
Ignorance is bliss.
From a huge Syracuse fan i say thanks to for 2 good years. As a #bucks fan, i can now say come to Milwaukee!
haha perfect! That's us definitely!! I miss u! Merry Christmas to u tell zach I said merry Christmas too!!!
gl in scoop Dave!
So looking forward to being with and our little dog too tonight :)
Very thought-provoking. RT : "Don't try to anticipate what people are going to do with information"
I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. -Larry Bird (I Like this)
On 2nd-and-15 Murray scrambles out of bounds for no gain.
I'm sure he meant it ironically.
My head hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I suggest that only one or two laptop should be switched on for tmr. Not Starbucks have plugs. serikaaa vivo one don't have
I'm gonna miss u too Jen!!
can't wait! You back for real-real!
Taylor swift won artist of the year?! Hell NO!! Lil Wayne all the way
Confucius Say Man who sleep in cat house by day, sleep in doghouse by night
forget bout that nonsense, u bringing me a bottle bk is that question?!
bbw is boring
Publishing tweets need a little domestic/comedic balance, for these are the days of our lives....
did you reach out to the folks at the Sun-Sentinel. Out of my zip code...all the best with the event...
few things rival a breakfast hot dog
cute. I want one.
Some people say, "Hit the meter," though they are often hockey fans. This is in NYC mind you that we talk this way.
pretty sure we can get you a pair homie.
Glad to see you enjoyed our sense of humor. We really do need to make a mobile version of it don't we. :) Happy travels!
Keep in mind that all your partner really wants to be doing- for the most part - is to be with you. Make those times special.
We make discussion videos! We talk about video games, movies, tv shows and stuff in a relatively obnoxious manner :)
Cincy Brass are in Athens for
RT : Our most recent talent shortage survey says 52% of employers cannot find people with right skills.
hey !! check us out, you won't regret it!! We'd love to be on your live show!!
Day 1 of the week of : Sitting in the #dentist's office. 1 hour of pain then it's on to #pancakes and
There's always a little truth behind every 'just kidding.
Sure. Or I can call now if you prefer.
#Aztecs History Made! Dream season continues. Heading to Tucson tomorrow to re-join the JOURNEY! Fight on #SDSU!
Everyone have a safe night!
omg!! Yum where.is that.at?
Must have been the theater I was at...almost no surround #sound efx on #Avengers? That can't be.
aren't u rly in the mood for wax bottles
Back from #Boston, what a great week of learning from some of the best trial lawyers in the country! Wish I had a trial today!!!
Yeehaw to you
who's going to the Connect here in SF?
that is what I expected; sounds good. Follow me, and I will send more information.
A wise enemy is better than a foolish friend
My positive energy seems to be contagious.
“: Go grab single "next breath " on iTunes prod. By ”
I just realized that I don't take pictures for real no more I gotta up my game smh
Germany slaughters Argentina 4 - 0 now street party Berlin :-)
Not this time, but we're gonna have one really soon, I'll be sure to tell you about it
soon very soon
*Next Thursday
& I am always here for you. I had fun at #starbucks with you today :3 so much FUN!
Kim heard about your wedding
Peyton, you clever SOB. You just won yourself a 5th MVP award and you didn't even play. Always one step ahead.
I never saw the movie, but the book is really tedious
Ever had to cover your mouth and cry yourself to sleep
Hi Lisa. Do you know anything about "Limitless?" A coworker just gave it to me unsolicited. Is it worth watching? Thx.
Besides KD i cant think of anyone else who disserves it.
We are all born for love... it is the principle existence and it's only end. by Disraeli
Seeing and btr in 1 week omg hbfdsjkfdsjfksdh crying.
If you ever get invited to Crisp on Brady and your over the age of 14 JUST SAY NO.
Man I miss my girl
Good thing I missed that one
Dude...i just had six vodak soaked gummy bears..so who knows whats gonna happen"
ditto!! See you in a few hours!
"Motivation is like food. You can't get enough in one sitting. It needs continual & regular top ups." Price
Happy Mothers day Baby Kaya and I are so lucky to have an amazing person in our life. #ilysfm ur my world
Damn.. Has it already been a yr since I graduated college?!? Where has time gone? I'm gunna be 24 here soon.
RT : Great visit yesterday to discuss new website // we agree, cant wait to make it go live!
You know what, I hate Two Boot's pizza. There, I said it.
Great work at #ultralight this evening, Andy!
Ok this I awesome! saw 's video and saw 's video! :D so happy for them! <3 <21
: Awesome! I just started following them :) Wat r u most surprised about when designers ask 4 legal advice?
RT : You can feel the buzz as Clinton is about to take the stage. No, wait, my phone is on vibrate. But still.
Great turn out this weekend at the "Flea" Market! Thanks to all who helped!
Welp. That was quick. Of Monsters and Men is sold out!
I was one of them! Huge thanks! Hi David! RT : Told room of 200 women entrepreneurs to hire for guidance
Participating in social media will help you understand your clients, their story, & how they interact with others. cc '
Young check ya email
Cleanning up. And reorganizing my room since im still wide awake and havent slept at all. XP
Congrats to fellow #blugold on the HUGE #grammy wins tonight! #UWEC is proud!!!
Leonardo DiCaprio is the most beautiful creation the sweet Lord above has ever put onto this earth
Kyle Richards sleek and straight hairstyle
Love that Billy!!!
Get on the case! Also find out which delegate bought everyone grape schnapps last night so I can hit him.
Howdy! Just trying to stay positive on my end.
I don't think that's very provacative ...
Yeah it is hun!
I must have slipped into a parallel universe...the Lions are actually a good team.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
hm...not the most fun thing in the world for sure, but that nasty cancer won't stand a chance!
Monday Night is Service Industry Night @ Jade Monkey. Stop on in and get 30% off for service industry workers.
O human beauty, what a dream art thou, that we should cast our life and hopes away on thee!
Pick your Easter Egg with a discount inside! All week at BVEN Boutique. Tomorrow from 4-7pm- meet Krumpet, the adorable Easter bunny!...
where ever you'd like to go my dear :)
And Arias should be added to 3B
are the 4-packs REALLY only being sold online? :-)
What?! I don't know what's going on. My site's been so whacked lately! :P
Once I get signed I'm out the house <U+270C>
It's Mafia time at
Enjoy the day, nothing is promised.
Overslept and now looking for my utz. #fb Must finish LE Sketchbook today!
Wow what a stinkface lady walking that dog!
<U+200E>"Ah yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it." - The Lion King
I see you're off to a good start. Happy Tweeting! (even though you're a Redskin's fan)
two weeks is a stretch but I'll do my best. Get back to you tomorrow. Something special happening then???!!
He's lucky that Indianapolis isn't a major media market.
I was at a US Presidential Library. almost ol garmnts were mnfrd. somwhere else in this wrld, evn d neck tie bearng d US presidential seal
I think you mean air, not O2.
thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
Money season
I'm still holding strong! beans and rice...are nice!
Congrats to my fellow #TOPMANLFW round the world tweeter's
and warm!
I'm such a sucker for those freezer french bread pizzas... Especially the pepperoni kind.
Because its the TRUTH!! ; )
Extra credit is gettin turned in early. (;
me cant mis I rewatched the SB today Missed all the pt after and commercials taking TD shots! W
lol cute pic...how was it?
Learning about the iCloud at a free training session Apple offers iPad and iPhone users.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 3
Girl get ready!
Well said. I agree.
but I'm going to sleep goodnight sis :) have a good day!!
I'm almost pretty sure about boba tonight... see you there
Lee Ann Womack's song Last Call.. it's a few years old but I'm obsessed with this song.
what are fiddleheads?
Okay! I think I'll cop some closer to the end of Summer.
Can I join? D: Save girl from boredom.
Thanks everyone for understanding that I haven't had much time lately. I want you all to know that it doesn't mean I don't love you. K?
Did you know...2/3 of the people that have doctor-diagnosed arthritis are under the age of 65
that.ks for the follow. Have a wonderful day.
Tech for you, and you and you and you too.
Seriously ? why is this white-coated urologist explaining #hcr on my teevee? Come on Dr. Gupta, you can do better.
I'm excited Sr. Pastor of the Salem Baptist Church of Chicago will join me for the 1st day of the WALK starting n NY June 5th
Hi Jessica. I'm looking forward to reading SHADES OF GRAY, on my PC. I am impressed by the realism in your book!
Tonight is the season finale of Vampire Diaries, which means ladies will be going outside again. Get your boners ready fellas.
My #gotosong is "Live Your Life" from TI, featuring
“: “: Great night!” you're welcome!” amazing prom date everyone!
lists as a CHUMP RT Gerard talks about how daughter would be harmed by altmire's position against HCR law
Delay is preferable to error.
"Gilly" is the "Whitney" of SNL sketches. Wait, which one did I just insult more?
Went to see the Hunger Games. Now I'm going fishing.
I spin weekly what's up
You're a fool, its must see TV! RT Is anyone else as excited as I am to not watch Ocho & Evelyns new wedding show this fall on VH1
Chris Evans > RDJ
Going to my little cousin pre-k party tomorrow.
And the phone meeting is finished. Just in time for me to not get coffee. Stupid 3pm closing time.
Just moved my brothers bed from his room all the way down to our garage by myself with a full set of nails on. Ah yeah. #imawesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
You're both gonna get it! Really :)
Long time since I did a #winetime tweet. tonite drinking a Coopers Hawk Malbec Petit Verdot
Thanks. I emailed .com as noted. i'm interested in hearing how this happened.
Bad ass RT : it's a late '90s sort of day- 3 mile pilot, faraquet, cave in.. ha.
Single digits!!!
Hey guys help spread the word about our twitter page!!!
Someone give me a s/o. I want 300 followers
Thanks for the follow! Please pass along the word about !!!!
I won't let nobody hurt you..
Welcome & thx for checking in on 4square! Feel free to tweet/follow back with any comments during your visit ^RS
I need some new faces for shoots. Dallas' beautiful faces need to get at me...
yay come on over. We'll have you covered!
oh, one big gig & he's after my girl RT : Oh you stop it right now you sexy lady! That's right I said it !
Somebody talk to me, Im bored!
Congrats! It was a great weekend & the Derby was awesome. Hope to see you again this weekend!??
Debate can be powerful in any content area, find controversial topic: evolution, story prob vs. numeric, any current events
hey beautiful
Why am i watching Nick Jr? Yo Gabba Gabba frightens me..
same here :) love disick! “: all 's tweets make me laugh!”
“ Jennifer lost cool points” AGREED!
Desperate to know, scared to find out."!
The October issue is a hit! Working on November. The pages are filling up but contact me if you have an event you would like to promote. :)
Thank you for being brave enough to be the 1st President in U.S. history to speak in favor of same sex marriage. #BRAVO!
"We all are ACHIEVERS; we achieve according to our level of BELIEFS. We all are WINNERS; we win according to our level of PERSEVERANCE."
I wish I could say in my tweet and get a big bag of skittles like
everyone is safe. All systems go and the #chompersareintact!
Coming back from Nuovo mag event; epic.
SINCE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL.<3
We rearranged our living room. It's making me feel like it's Christmas x.o
I don't feel like getting on right now lol
Play Self Destruction
I let her go cause I love her<3
GT Needs GREAT, Outgoing People in Memphis, TN on 12/31 for a Bowl Game event! Please email info, pics to ASAP!
I don't find Cody Simpson cute at all . eww -.-
I love panera :)
Oh the shit I would do to be back in Chicago and go back to about a year ago
Hah! has no official PHP SDK, but their developer forum is built on PHP. Oh the irony.
you're sl pretty with out make up on! (;
What was the Yankees payroll in, say, the 1920s compared to other teams?
You know you're working in childcare when your "employer" walks into the room with her pants around her ankles and says "I can wipe myself!"
Glad it works for you! We didn't know :) and will tweet generally--
Damn you Time Warner for canceling MSG now how am I suppose to watch my hockey?
I am so happy
Great job and
#Obama congratulates #Putin on winning a rigged election.
When all you want is that one person to comfort you when you're sick, but they don't seem to get it because they have friends over.
SN: yall inboxs be mad dry. Come to the Mixer and see how many messages you get.
:) I love a shoe analogy!
Did I mention that I lose keys. A lot? Have tried the "remote keyfinder" widgets, but we have those on our cats too. Confusing.
Shopping Social: The Effect of Social Media on Retail Development by up now
I literally have about 5 layers on and 2 blankets wrapped around me right now.. and my hands will not stop shaking
looks like lga to mke is $137 RT w/taxes. I'll keep an eye on it.
Anyway, good night all.
So let's get on it. No excuses. We're going to get right and tight!
Well so much for all of those planned protests in Chicago for the G8.
Dinner last night at Acme nyc was inspiring and delicious. Thank you Chef Mads and staff. Welcome to New York!
BUSSIN MOVES! IM BEAT! IM M THE BED CHALUPING!!
Brewers should stay clear of anybody named Estrada.
Life is getting better for me by the minute!
And #shoutout to putting me on the movie "battleship" 2weeks b4 it came out lol
Thank you!
"All I’m trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me."
Happy 1 year & 10 months baby :) I love you Cory <U+E022>
lol stood up til 3 30 and I haven't slept at all
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe who to trust and who not to trust... Also, it showed me who I truly am!
LOL was somebody up even later than me?!
Enjoying the ride on #trolley :) A nice sunny day so far.
Botanical gardens!
love how you noticed it :) yes, it is
Ok. Today it's Seattle -> Frankfurt -> Pune. Ought to be interesting.
To day is a new fresh day! God is good..
Ugh I missed the call
Presentation folders make an excellent impression on potential clients and prospects. So, Impress your potential clients with...
RT if you Love Your Beliebers (:
Lance Armstrong needs a new Twitter picture. Who agrees???
Actually McKenzie. I think she was found at that church on Perkins near Chickasaw.
A few of us will be at the Polaris mall in Columbus tomorrow evening to sell out some of our merch. Come get yours before its gone! RT this!
Student and faculty assembly honoring all #veterans November 11th 1:45PM at South Milwaukee High School
SEO PowerSuite Software Gives Ever-Deeper Insight into Google Analytics Data ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
RT : However, she mistook the "drowsy eye" alcohol warning for a "winking eye" alcohol suggestion.
AUTHENTIC BY DESIGN.
Concierge desk isn't very helpful. All I want to know is why the US mint won't cast a portrait of my penis on a dollar coin.
This dude is listening to Amanda Perez god sent me an angel
Get ready, Producers, Filmmakers, Art Directors, Ad Firms, Motion Graphics COs, and AnyoneWhoLovesGreatTunes....We're less than a week away!
#GURT2011 Susan Herring plenary in Reiss 103 - paper includes an analysis of retweenting as recontextualization
Got me too. When I saw a Tweet pop up in my TL with my picture I was like, I didn't send that Tweet...
I don't think people understand the importance of a good education, and that constantly irritates me.
It's peanut butter jelly time!
just watched Hostel 3. That's sum real trippy shit mane.
love who u are love who u aint
Choose your #SM networks strategically and leverage others to drive your "home base"
Akward being the first one in the room...
You can cheat with someone, your work, your other priorities in life. Find time for love; a balanced relationship.
my overexposed actor choices who are good BUT I never have to see again Sam Jackson Liam Neeson....
There's an informational and workshop happening tomorrow (10a-12p) that they're encouraged to attend.
#3WORDSFORYOU How you what ?!
I'm not doing it this year, but know quite a few classmates participating.
Twitter Now Worth $3.7 Billion after $200 Million Raise | Epicenter | Wired.com wired.com/epicenter/2010…
Nicholas French unplugged was an incredible event. Lots of PICs to come
That's actually the passage I know best. Was reading it to my friend yesterday bc it's so amazing. Thanks so much for the advice.
Stitcher is what us Android people use to listen to podcasts on our phones.
Glad to be here. Thanks for the informative presentations.
RT trixieboots: Sabbaticals are magical. There should be a portmanteau for them. Sabbatimagicals.
My Bestfriend Is Funny ;)
I went to see the next time you're coming on tour near me and the only new York concert is sold out):
According to a Japanese legend, the crane lives for a thousand years, & a sick person who folds 1,000 origami cranes will become well again.
i agree-boozer is a looser till otherwise
Whatever happened to high on life? Guess that only happens if you're
Happy Mother's Day! I Love My Mommy!
Just a little crying, but still so sweet
"Klout believes you are influential about Money." Well, Klout needs its head checked.
Nice! I am currently in Portland. Where are you job hunting?
follow me pleasee !! :D
i am the empty vessel... keep it coming
The Internal Revenue Service has announced an increase in the optional standard mileage rates for the final six months of 2011.
“: I really can't stand Miami fans. Yal are narrow minded and simple AF. Have a seat.” << that's cuz 80% of em jus became fans
It's five o'clock in the morning.
That's why I don't even Use my phone always losing service
" I am a historian and that freaks me out" - mike tyson quote on Momofuku board
omg, u Krav!! :D. I like you more and more.
Yes, Swag Bag mania is sweeping the offices @ BEA!
Fine ass Females lurkin this Summer! Lol.
Good for you, goodnight :)
This Clippers/Grizzlies game makes Knicks/Heat look like a Harlem Globetrotters game.
When does the article with Snooki come out?
#lunchtime with smosh will you let ride on your back?
Major drivers of behaviors for #HealthLiteracy are different from kid to kid- find out what motivates them
your message to me said "Did you really say this about me?" I was racking my brain for what I could have possibly said. :-P
Put the pressure on em just when they think I eased up.
My account was hacked last night. Sorry for any inconvenience
absolutely not. just come on out! :)
I'm Bored. Can I Edit A Pic Of You?
yea I go to skoo
Awe shit, I can't sleep again
celebrating some measure of Catholic pride on both days, so it's alright to splurge and not feel guilty
I just realized my Pastor Unfollowed me.. See if I pay my Tithes this Sunday Nigga!
said the #marlins fan.
me myself and I that's all I got in the end.
Like the idea of DIMs but wonder how hard it is to shift away from LIM (SME) direct access to development team
You just don't get it
I Cried When DALLAS MAVERICK'S LOST TONIGHT..
Hey,, I'm doing English homework. Is this good? shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Glad to have you! RT : On way to D.C. For #WellnessWeek kickoff with , and
When the revolution comes, Im going to be the guy on top of a rubble pile waving a giant flag and riling the crowd up with my fiery slogans.
Hungry. Too late to eat. Damn.
Got a problem with me? I'm pretty sure a tweet on Twitter won't fix it.
I wish she was here with me right now
Great party last night brother! much success to you all!! ... oh and Sennheisers for life!
Hate people that can't drive >:( smh ..
I just cheered for aramis ramirez hitting a double. Wierd!
You should follow back :-)
that is awsome
Chris or Nick :)
So many choices!! Hm...garden on the far side of the Plaza, looking @ everything: pool, fountain, buildings, & a good book.
Thanks for the info....I now have one on the way (and another one for the wifey, too). Nice marketing!
I actually got 2 minutes early to school today, thanks dad.
LOL 4:25 AM -- i awake to Adam crying out "big farts, mommy! Big FARTS." and so the day begins. thanks, thunderstorm.
do you mean the whole new year or just new years eve?
I live in the Bronx!!
Your Hypin It
Soup du jour: Cheeseburger Stew! Great for those who love our burgers but dont have teeth.
Whenever I say I'm going to be focused on doing only homework, it never actually ends up like that. Looks like I'm gonna be busy.
+1 MT : I forgot what a great networking opportunity #MWRC12 is. So great to catchup with friends an colleagues from other campuses.
cool! I love the bird!! "I mixed soil and water then beat it with a whisk. Make sure your mud is not watery."
thank you amber and YOU Carrie are a mess lol. But yes I am lol.
what's happening in June?
some family u guys r lol jus playin but cool
. Somebody Andbody tell Yo Friends Nd Family To Follow Me .
Opelousas,La club Stallions we comin still pushing dis Mr. Mysta "VERBAL FINESSE VOL 1" we out hea!
Is there (natural & edible) solid veg fat that hasn't been hydrogenated? palm oil is semi-solid.
And remember, if your work is not chosen for this issue, there's always next time!
DailyHookahTip#60: Hookah does not equal drugs. This terribly incorrect connotation has devastating impacts to us in the hookah world.
forever trying to figure out my life...
LMFAO. I see why she was embarrassed. RT : her face isnt THAT bad, but she's pretty big.
Rent to Own Electronics Furniture Computers starting at $19.99 per week PLUS TWO FREE WEEKS on Friday, Nov 26th. Sale starts 10am
<U+200E>27D1F92E :) new bbm pin! add me :)
Still got one more year of hoops though! RT : Blasting timeflies and waiting for my last class as an undergrad...Im getting old
Keep your chin up, someday there will be happiness again.
if i could work at snobiz, i'd be the happiest person alive
AND ??!! Can't wait for this season!!!
my six-hundred always has my back... fuck decepticons...
Still aint got a studio. Actually waiting to see if my uncles can pull their thing together and get their studio intact.
I really hope the pull this one out..
btw are cupcakes really okay to eat in the bathtub???
Fuck Danny and Christian.
Considering we made 31.5 units yesterday, we'll be just fine lol :)
Hope you feel better <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B2>
I walk a fine line, between the right and the real.
real life!!!! @ Ganksta Enterprize it's boss made all across the board!!! Thanks for the luv!!!
I thought I had this tape destroyed! My God, it's like I have to babysit everyone around here...
im the mayor in sprinfield like the mayor of this mixtape shyt
the backup singer in the purple looks like you
Hey you! I just received your thank you for Steven's Birthday. How are you? Hope you're having an amazing year. HUGZ!!!
I beg to differ
We are at Rubios Miami office but they refuse to meet with us or let the press do their job. Call him and demand his staff meet with us!
And I'm off to see Ingrid Michaelson... having mixed feelings about it. I bought these tickets a long time ago. Things were different then.
I'm blind, im deaf, I want to be a ref!
: Gibbs is terrible, what are you talking about?
Planning 4 events that take place within 2 days of each other gives me a greater appreciation for my fabulous #weddingplanner!
We C alot of homes where the CO detector is in the furnace room. It needs to be close to your bedrm so it wakes u up in a CO induced state.
Thanks Kerri!! Should I call the office an ask for you Liz or just email you?
This week is going so slow
Sunday, Sunday... can't trust that day...
Friday* (x aha, still!!!! I better see you chunty !
Good morning one more day to go before we hit Miami beach with our brand new season
DOWN WITH COOL PEOPLE
GREEKS UNITE!! JOIN THE DIVINE 9 HOSTED BY DCNPHC LOUNGE FROM 5:30-9P FOR MARCH MADNESS HAPPY HOUR FUNDRAISER- $10 MINIMUM DONATION.
It looks very professional.
Anyone wanna get me followers!
How many of you can say you've walked the ?
better had apologize
ha thanks girl!! Hope you get what you have always wanted!! Merry Christmas! see you soon!!
Happy Easter from our family to yours! Come on down and visit the Easter bunny and enjoy our yummy Prime Rib specials.
And the buzz starts! thanks you for keeping the 210 Mic Pass in your tweets! and yes the real video is coming! FED!
Hibbert and West can sit in the lane because they don have to worry about our big men hitting 15 footers
Popped the teeth off the iPad dock with a scissor. Undocks at any angle now.
no I don't I tried fixing=) try sending it again I'll save it to my computer and then put into the writting box =)
please follow me click the follow button
is my go to bitch, always by my side
At my voice class .
Palm trees are a nice site. In LA baby. No obligations this weekend, livin at the beach
The producer's cut is the best!!
Ready to release my stress at the gym tonight. Mentally drained tho.
hello my name is ameenikoal n I would love to work with you can I plz get more info
U-Verse absolutely SUCKS for hockey games. meh
So tired Houston last night daytime party today school in the am thought it was
You are in our prayers, Nick. We need you! Speedy recovery and divine health.
I miss soccer :-(
hahaha just kidding bacardi mojito is the best D:
are you sure that guy wasn't me??? Hehehehee! I'm Ol' Floppy Arms!
My skin is too blindingly white for that! RT : Disappointing lack of skin for a picture mentioning a bathing suit.
mini pancakes DO NOT conquer my hunger...still hungry..grrrr
I don't think I can try any harder to make this work.
today feel like a day that juss doesnt exist....
I wish Baby N was more accepting of running in the rain!
Im In Love With This Girl She's Beautiful & Awesome But I Havnt Had The Chance To Meet Her Yet Because She's Waiting For Me In The Future
Read Black Ice by Michael Connelly. Harry Bosch is a great character.
What about in real life?
FUCK AND YES
Social media in digital libraries
Thanks for joining us, Scott. :)
mog better sound & interface!
Wish I was goin to ABCA Convention this year..great place to network if u set it up in advance, esp for asst coaches..
aw I love happy ending online community stories. It's like the new Cinderella, but more high tech, and less glass shoes
Vikings Welcome Back event is tomorrow! Come on in for great deals and chance to win lots of prizes including a cool bike from Dr. Pepper!
sure do.
Well ima just call my best friend Hopefully he'll make me feel better :)
Think peace Believe in change
Really? When? RT : Have to say.....I've had better days being a fan of the Orioles and Georgia Tech
u see the DM?
presales for next year went on sale today. Weekend 1's presales already sold out. :/
Well I just gave up an extra ticket so someone will get lucky.
: She seemed to only be interest in the Colonel...
Cannot wait till tomorrow (:
Woah Artie!!! Hope you're ok!!
I'm sitting here in tears. I just missed it so much :')
Not a waste of life, just a waste of a day :)
The Celtics ain playing nobody right now bro RT : hell yeah and he had the nerve to talk about my ...
Aw! Well, it'll be waiting for you when you get back!
“: My auntie tlkn bout she was drinkn coffee since she was 6months old”lol that's funny boa
Saturday night I stayed up late watching Beethoven with the 5yo. Sunday became a dog owner. Causation or correlation I ask?
just sat down to watch tv, then remembered i canceled my cable so i could afford groceries every month. #dopeboyfresh?
great page load time.... what.... is that you're using? ;)
#FF First class women from who made my visit to #tmtdu2012 phenomenal. Let's gettem goin on #twitter!
And then Drews loud and girly scream! :D
I did not send you a DM of anything so bugger of for jumping before checking out the facts!
Lol at you getting pissed when I'm right.
I like all the tweets telling me not to twitter today.
Access to quality health care is a fundamental civil and human right!
Follow my other account
u got it babe!
hello friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
prepare to photoshop a lot :P
TRAFFIC: ETA to reopen Hwy 51 @ Gray Rd: 7:15am. Road still closed due to head on crash.
Haha okay good! :) I mean I'm sure we could both pull of the same dress but thaat would be pretttyy unconfortable.
Social Media Tulsa Day 1 of 2 complete. Can't wait for tomorrow!
that's my little sis.
we fighting I swear lil stupid ass boy.
On my run today I listened 2 s book, Win Forever, read by him. Such a great book w/ Wooden references & solid coaching nuggets!
yeah, at least it made for a good laugh:)
#perl mkay qq{ I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Saturday };
The pleasure was all mine! I just love having the butterflies in two different greenhouses this year! Thanks!
Hi I think you're cute (;
Look for us today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut for lunch.
Its getting closer and closer to my birthday. Hola! <3
I have diagnosed myself with public-bathroom-a-phobia...
I am so excited to see this. I donated to their kickstarter. Glad to see you liked it so much.
No. RT : Jonas Album Will Be Amazing (?)
“: Sometimes the people you think don't want to talk to you are the ones waiting for you to talk to them” #boo :/
the lady on the news just called snoop dog snope dog wtf??
What can I get for $9.00
hurray! i hope you are having a great time :) :) :) :)
Congrats to Kia for this years worst Super Bowl ad
RT : Something I try to convey to friends -- Latino or otherwise -- is that there's no singular Latino experience.
From the #MemorialUnion Design Meeting Agenda and handouts it appears that they will not respect the referendum results.
hey, will you be at 's tonight??
Can't wait!
I firmly believe every book was meant to be written. - Marchette Chute
we get it, you're cool. you blast your bass so all of stoneridge can hear you
New band I'm in is gonna rule..updates and nude photos coming soon!!!
Word! RT Dear Netflix, pull your rush Limbaugh ads. I can totally live without you.
I do too I'm not sure she'll see this but I'll message Angie
I'm pretty good too! I haven't either and I'm coming back to NC but closer to myrtle
Little fuckers on the bus.
Time to get dressed to hit the gym.
At least and I can agree on hoagies. Congrats !
Sunday nights 7:00p.m. join us at southhills.tv
(and water)
y'all niggas are pricks
Jumped out of bed and turned my computer back on for this.
Sad to hear. Burnt out from the road? Guess eating potato chips from in between a dudes toes just doesn't cut it forever. :(
Yeah, expectations were much 2 high for 24hr turnaround time. Emotions 2 high for most artists w/ pipes to sing worthy tribute
Not at all. I said it was awesome and it is!
QOTD: "Facebook is the answer but I'm not sure what the question was."
I cannot BELIEVE the 11 a.m. newscast has to compete with the VERY WELL DONE Severe Weather Special.
Just saw you are from East County too! Best place in SD County!!
Sounds like "ghosting"? Video is made of interlaced fields alternating quickly, & sometimes you get flicker between them.
Speedway sounded amazing on his past U.S. tour
Disagree both on recruiting efforts, and that you somehow "know" what Maryland coaches know
Music is always the best antidote
these bills should be voted down. Temptations abound. Parents should help kids make wise choices....
its funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different.
Day off tomorrow. So... Willow and basketball?
Agreed...one day I hope to attend both...in that respective order. :) : #NYFW > #Grammys The end.
why doesn't my guide work anymore and how do I get it back? To be announced makes it hard to know what's on!
Your AVI is stunning!
Speaking tonight on #GSU panel on women, minorities in the media.
omg me neither! Cold minds think alike...
I sure as hell am. There are way more male engineers and doctors and computer scientists. Are women too dumb for it?
everybody spit on Meg.
Sittin here with :)
Brewing a chocolate oatmeal stout but mixing it up w/ Edinburgh Scottish ale yeast.
thanks for the mention
i changed my number !
Be to her virtues very kind, be to her faults a little blind. ~ Matthew Prior
seriously trust 's LA driving skills over anything. he's the world's best driver and comes with his own GPS (his brain)
Hitting the caf this morning.
I get my comedy from Fox news and and my news from Comedy Central
RT : Only 2 teams west of the Mississippi, Kansas and Baylor, in Sweet 16. All 16 from Eastern and Central time zones.
It's strange. They are clapping without smiling. Must be an NRA cultural thing.
Watching #DanceMoms I love this show!
What if I want the tots?
hi harry can you please say hi to me or a RT somthing :( please I love you<3 ;)
“: Not feeling very Country Strong today :(”
My new favorite thing in the world is Kerrie's veggie club. So happy!
Thanks ! I was losing hope with my Kerry Blue terrier, but I applied what you said in Cesar's Way and we had a great weekend.
My mentions are as dead as a slug. Going to drink pink champagne with Ari, kbye.
< March Madness for travellers personified!
To those who can dream there is no such place as faraway. -Unknown Author
": It's a beautiful day where I am. I couldn't ask for more. The Present"
right after!
infared camera, GPS, stakeout = ok for law enforcement purposes if the person not disrupted =qualitatively the same
I never make stupid mistakes. Only very, very clever ones. -- The Doctor, Timewyrm: Genesys, author, John Peel
Ok Packers....My winter sanity is riding on your shoulders. Make it happen.
you was I think it's because my thug ass was there cheering for u
Congrats on the booking! Can u say for what commercial?
BALLGAME!!! #UNTUCKEM!!! Now, hoping Rickie Weeks' hand is okay. #Brewers!!!
A large amount of people spend a lot of time online and mainly on social media platforms rather than the traditional advertising médiums.
Pizza - Third time this week, second night in a row, and not one bit ashamed.
My dad just said he's gonna fill a water gun with bleach and gasoline and spray in the neighbor's dog's mouth lmfaoooooooo
6 days until vacation. I'll be posting FB pictures to give the illusion I have a life you should envy. Try to play along.
Richard Pryor on comedy central! Wish I was alive during his prime!! So funny
how you doing?
will do((:
got your email. Sorry for delay. Looking forward to seeing you and your husband at Envogue :)
“: I just inherited an embarrassment of purple riches. I'm in purple all summer. #bleedat #TCU” ...and winter lol
i like the cover of youre so vain
did I tell you I learned a new American dessert called "Ant on a log"? it's so healthy and delicious!
At the park with my cousins !! There hilarious!
it was fun talking ball sacs with you today.
that's such a tumblr picture ! No soy boba nina
Great Game
of course i didn;t cuz its not true(:
Yea. I hope you do. /you need a way to get away from things.
I'm just now seeing this! What's up?
Bonfire smoke always follows me. What a creep.
Brand new homes coming soon! Great locations - NE and SE Portland, North Portland, Beaverton and Tigard. www.everetthomesnw.com
so sad for us..but anyone whoever passed over and came back said it was so beautiful/peaceful that they didnt want 2 come back
for as long as I want?
You never posted my grad photo, and I was sexy back then
watching a movie on netflix with my fam
Beyond tired.
Love just throwing up bricks
The infection “developed out in the market faster than it did in our testing,” but Graham declined to say if CW had found where it occurred.
Great day of shooting!
That's BS! But doesn't matter - U R fun anywhere! Can't wait to see you in LV! Coming soon! Putting in my golf bag!
Why I'm I addicted to Miami nights !!! Fml or bless it ! Depends how you look at it
Love that if I close #chrome and come back, I can re-open all my previous tabs in 2 clicks! Great when downloading new stuff.
I just watched his episode of "who do you think you are" (uk) and was amazed by his accent (and his bawdiness!).
Pineda out for the year, maybe longer.
Ah nice! Never met, but their "Posterwall" is in a show we're doing in the fall; should be awesome
Ouch. Well give it to GB to take some risks.
Josh has a great idea - he's going to build us a website to host our material i.e. blogs, podcasts, picks, etc
other than #TheVoice what is one MUST watch TV program for you?
Could they throw in some young blood into this presser? Between Fred, Bloomberg and Selig. Z.
I will chief I will
thanks for all the RTs and support!!!
oh snap! well get your korean on!
Thanks a ton! feel free to share it on twitter and facebook =)
lol well @ least ther was 1 ther. Its not a zoo w/ a lion 8)
We're looking forward to it! “: We'll be stopping out at next week”
Saying im going to regret my modifications is like saying im going to regret being PROUD of who I am.
Artists are just people who make art. We don't have magical powers! (At least, no more than anyone else who spends their life learning.)
There are a lot of gleeks on Twitter :S
....If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them. - Marilyn Monroe
brother follow back
when more people follow eggs than me<
Congrats!! #UC2016 : Yaay Me!! Got accepted into The University of Cincinnati's Education Program.
RT : Pity the teen who worries he hasn't sinned enough when called on for his testimony. Why do churches do that?
« I know A few of y'all be soo fake towards me but it's w.e *shrugs*»
LETS GO: 25 Squats, 25 Crunches. The only six pack you'll ever need!
Just watched 's YouTube vedios xD Cinnamon challenge
let me guess. Its an off day?
At least you're off the sauce. :-)
i was on huntingdons home page. defo job possibilites for me too. :)
What To Do Today ?..
Start your weekend off right & come by the Farm tomorrow to pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry! Have a great night Farmers!
when did I tell u to remind me? Lol I edited it the following day. It's on wife Mac since I don't have ps anymore :-(
lmao, oops! My bad!
No one is free while others are missing freethrows.
Hey, kids who are excited about the new Dallas, guess what? I know who shot J.R.
Bother all of the Wesen!
Stupid driving tests.
we lookin pretty good, we gotta alot of newcomers but we should be good
RT : A5) Best tip: Treat people as people, not prospects. Show interest. Share. Help. Care.
Chilling with my cousins<3
Whats better than walking into the bathroom at ur place of business in the morning, turquoise blue water and the seat up?
Do not go to someone's house after they been cooking all day talking about "The turkey is a bit dry"
Not yet!
praising the lord
"Oh by the way Matt, Happy Birthday... 6/3/92."
Apology in advance to all of those poor beings who have to cross my path today.
Terrific experience again on Final Four game production team. Fortunate to work w/ great NCAA staff. Big things coming for 75th in ATL.
I don't feel bad for alex...jkjk but I'm roberts girl all the way..srry alex
LOVING the skin care lines at the body shop! And they are on sale right now: buy 2 get 1 free, or buy 3 get 2 free on anything in the store!
well if your not alive then there's no point in having money... There's easier ways such as idk a job? lol
I'm always open for lunch!
15575 after 3 levels. Kid on my direct left keeps 3betting my opens at like 50/100
Also, this whole church heard our stomachs growl. Would like tacos and a beer after this.
2012 hip hop rookie of the year
No matter how many times i say that i dont care, the reality is i really do care. -DARAMAMOTEH :))
That's exceptionally vague and also worrisome. Are you okay? :/
Cool! I'll be there!
Waiting for my Realtor @ Aria after busting #wpbt then drive back to Irvine tonight.
Everything is never as it seems.
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I hate treadmills. What's your excuse?
usability win?
I was never with that "YOLO" movement...
My energy today isn't so great.
I deserve to smile.
yes :) hea adorable
#swerve onto my followers list
You?You?You?You?You?You?You?You? And You? Go Follow RTRT
Wat to say about 's new song: i thought it was good : l
WE appreciate the follow 3 AM! Looking forward to more music from you guys. WE followed back.
a great way for to literally be in the middle of the conversations
Somewhere, Wilt is smiling RT : Philadelphia will be an NBA town for the next week?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 23
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather
Good. Thanks!
I'm really excited to see it!
Dodger game!
RT : Please give a follow to one of the NHL's top rookies! RT: New to twitter, Gabriel Landeskog
okay then have fun! you in? “: Nope. That's Deej's HS reunion.”
so delicious. Bet you wait for an hour before you get a table though.
I admire people who wear their hearts on their sleeves. At least u know what ur dealing with from the start. Life`s too short to pretend
#JRSmith... You next!!
awww thank you and welcome
as students take their midterm their hands are all cramping up, how often do they actually write anymore? I know I don't!
how do u changee your pic on here?
": It's official, the adoption has been finalized. She's even cuter in person. "Congrats!!! The resemblance is uncanny!
Uh oh, there's video of the debauchery?! That's trouble!
No but we both should. Tired of Richard Blade's same 10 stories...
you are very welcome! Happy Travels :)
Perhaps I should not email out of my own hurt. Lessons learned. Maybe.
Classes take place at the Arlington cultural center in Arlington, va
this going be so cool im having my birthday party same day as my 4yearold nicie
I've skated with and miller fun time clowin ready for the show tomorrow night
Hey do you know where LAWREN is....
Miami is gonna have a hard time stopping Indiana right now. This is crazy.
Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two)))
People like to say, "I swear to God!" God just says, I swear to Me....(Isaiah 45:23)..Pretty darn cool..
Gonna think positive from now on
Nothing like spreading holiday cheer and Happy Birthday greetings to ....follow this man on your twitter machine.
Ah Wat the hell. U only live once. I'm in lol
Yes. She's healing normally, and will start chemo in a few weeks I think. Hope it's not too hard on her.
Commission is back in session and is giving direction to line drawers.
thank you! :)
practice safe love making techniques
Osteria is open today for downtown dining. Mention this tweet and get a free drink with the special menu. Some restrictions may apply
A joke is only funny when you are the only one who gets it
Moving fast and building/tweaking/fixing as we go...this is the internet, not NASA
I just have to trim it down because it's 2hrs and 17mins
I'm ready for today. Hopefully my voice isn't being dumb.
sounds good. will get in touch w some other people. I think this has potential for next year
he couldn't do that
GOOD IDEA I LOVE GH ALSO NOTHING ELSE I ABC I WONT WATCH IF IT WAS
Late to respond, but yeah, I'm going to the archives crawl today. So nerdy!
some dude is naming his daughter breeze beretta hahaha
not funny.
My Jouralism room is dimly lite... Do they really want me to fall asleep..
My cock doesn't talk politics. ~Stephal Sachs.
Wisconsin Sports Award will take place May 10th at the Wisconsin Club in Milwaukee.
beer = drunk
Concert Sunday, August 7, 3:00 PM One of my favorite artists!
Very true.
Friday $2.50 Bud Light pints !!!!!! (B)ecause (U) (D)eserve (W)hat (E)very (I)ndividual (S)hould(E)njoy (R)egularly B.U.D.W.E.I.S.E.R.
will tell you what you are to do.” 5She replied, “I will do everything you tell me.” 6She went down to the threshing floor and
Up all night washing
Everyone says be the bigger person, I try but I'm only fun sized :D
It'd be nice to be on a normal persons sleep cycle
Dexter day! Ha
#Godblessyou and for starting this #PrayforEthan trend and I thank you for bringing this to my attention! :)
Join me on black Friday for a calendar signing to benefit Go Red For Women this Fri @ 8:45AM, Town Square Borders bookstore!!!
anyone still need some garth tickets? i know someone that needs to get rid of some. hit me up.
“ #Libra's are the best gift getters because they are the best shoppers.”
Yeah it's official "Okgo" is now my favorite band.
is a great person!
It's amusing to see how much money the GOP billionaires are flushing down the toilet trying to get one of these clowns elected.
Great church service! I'm so proud of and myself(: I love you bro.
Oh! Just my luck. Well have fun!
Exactly! Writers have such power! RT : "A good book is an event in my life."<U+2015>Stendhal
Too bad people do these things for money without thinking about the consequences, especially for youth.
OH at dinner: "Don't be sorry; I'm gonna eat your food." Ha!
there are a few slogans that transcend the form's limitations - for example, "Just Do It" has story value
I'm tweeting you....
That's nothing new.....
Was chatting w my 2 year old, helping her name people who love he... she piped in I guess I forgot her in the list.
Good to hear you're still trying to get better as an actor, even though I think you're already great. What class do you recommend?
Ok, schedule for SXSWi completed..hope i can survive on my first #SXSW!
Are you living? Or are you just existing?
It might not be an overstatement that our old #Marlins buddy Cody Ross saved Bobby V's job tonight. For now.
agreed, great day. and yes, you need to get that username back from the npr community comments or whatever. its just not right
PHILL SAYS "color catchers are like a tampon for your clothes"
I see you hahaha... jay-z today huh??
Every reduction in oil dependence saves $$$ AND lives
I'm going to be a real live massage therapist. Thank God!
you should put up a pic of your drawing from the interview :)
you got money and you know it;)
I feel anxious, maybe gym time? Nah
Thank Yall back at Yah MooN
Texas Instruments Inc. - Shareholder/Analyst Call
It looks like this is really happening
Well, had Romney gone to Vietnam instead of France, I could see him meeting the same end that Niedermeyer did.
You can control how much you submit online. You can control HOW CONSISTENTLY you write letters or postcards. Don't worry about results.
Tokyo design seems to be just replicas of the past and or stolen ideas from others nations. WTF?
“: I have tickets to next Sat nite who wants them? Be ready, trivia in next hour. #actiontrack” Dang, I missed this!
No motivation
Honestly I don't kno.
happy birthday! :) it was my birthday yesterday! :)<3
Our pleasure! (Can't wait to get mine!)
Nobody understands
Get any Specialty 20" Pie and receive 6 garlic knots FREE! Mention this tweet!
Again shout out to DJ for coming through in the clutch! Trust! Last min mishaps but we pulled through.
aw no well see you soon and well have an awesome party upon your return...I'll bring cookies and I'll make sure there edible:)
Oh i thought you wanted them for prom! Oh okay!
why are you so perfect? i love you<3
can i be that girl? <333
Whether it rains or not , today is still gone be a good day !
I could use it.
Am I'm finally becoming a part of #TeamNoSleep ? Lol
Staples is beginning to work on standards for organizing data not worrying about our software/repository brands.
Update: music video "Looking In Your Eyes" nominated for Best Video @ San Diego Indie Fest. Congrats Celeste.
2night grab tix for the game this Sat plus details on how u can grab more #WiredFest2012 tix on 7-mid!
Scrim asap! Hit me up
lets do it!
This time they blogged deterioration in quality
That's amazing, BR. What an impressive attendee list. Thanks for sharing.
Worked through well over 300 emails today. Rinse and repeat tomorrow along with these castings. :)
When half the team gets swimmer's ear you know you've got
And u wonder why JT Yates had success or Hakeem Nicks just to name a few ,I can go back to Edgarrin James
Am editing
Peace out Michigan! It's been an amazing trip! LA bound
Sigh. Looks like fun times!
your inspiring (:
whats funny is that all the teams do that now. Good for them. The Hawks played well tonight.
I just keep getting more and more confused...
Since when did everyone become a photographer???? Is that trending now?
Uh. Bedtime, I suppose
Artest gonna be booed up the ass in OKC.
Fascinating talk w Eleocadio Martinez on impact of restructuring of steel industry in Mexico. w and
our pleasure it was a great read RT : Thanks for the RT! I appreciate the support.
so so so over it
#romney on the offensive, seems offensive, talk about the current issues, hes says the same shit over and over
That's what I said! I think so.
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships! Not interested,but know someone who is?We'll pay you!www.MOneStudios.co
One of life's simplest pleasures - watching people attempt to parallel park
no follow back
#Suh stomped the pedal too hard, hit a tree, later claimed he was off balance and blamed the tree!
Awesome! Glad u dug RATLINE. Gonna phone mom and be all "yeah, well, Heather likes my movie, dammit."
And suddenly my inbox is filling with all the stuff people *didn't* do for the last month and a half.
"He looks like a lesbian."
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Like everyone on my timeline wishes austin would go somewhere else other then the popular places and i kind of agree with them..
yes! If you guys are ever on campus on a Friday afternoon, Vahalla is the place to be!
- Like your Twitter Name - Thx for the RT
Best jobs for Artistic People:performer, editor/interior design/producer/director/ graphic designer/landscape architect/liberal arts teacher
I think the name should have the word "pig" or other porcine reference in it. Not enough of those yet, right?
Same question for - are your DLF slides available anywhere yet? Thanks!
Hopefully we will get more of a peek in the morning. Just exhausted after driving all day tonight!
Eating popcorn now I guess I'm hungry
Beer drinkers: I am not one of you & know not your ways. Can I just fridge the unused bit of this can w/o it turning nasty? (Cookin' brats.)
": Stop it! Oh man." LOL. it was the hardest I think I've ever laughed honestly hahaha
you are very welcome!
Man feeling a little sick
GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS!
It's well deserved. Also Murray Stenson is kinda brilliant.
Nick Perry? Would they have been better off drafting Ted Perry?!?! What happened to Courtney Upshaw?!?!
Writing has been consuming our lives! So excited for you all to hear what we've been up to!
SUCKS TO SUCK
Why is dwade not being fined? Any foul that leads to a broken nose and a concussion in an all star game seems a bit much.
haha, I think I now see why you were inspired to make CTDV ;D
Surprised gettng more blog comments via Facebook than Twitter these days, ...
Music & Dance Library LP SALE Sat. Oct 17 9am-3pm Sullivant Hall OSU 15th& High. Cash/check only. CDs, books, scores also for sale
I was on the train back from evanston
Check out NOTION3.
Know he can be diva worthy! Ha! “: And Stars aka Truman, Andrea's brother from Slanted!”
Vent your feelings to a journal, not on facebook.
Haven't logged into my Hulu account in awhile... 128 vids in my queue. Lol
I want to start a new movement. It is called OccupyFacebook. Oh, wait. Everyone already has. Nevermind.
The polls are in and 64% of people in NC are backwoods hicks that don't know any better
Start living for you!
Forecast for Sunday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69 near...
Can't wait to hear you speak at the #GPPCMA retreat !
so cool, love me some Louis.
Do you live in Chicago?! Will you help trend #MahoneOnB96 and try to get back to Chicago?! :)
Finally all caught up with califonication
TGIF!!! Join us for happy hour at FOX Sports Grill. It starts at 4pm today!
aww no need to be sad 'bout it.
you'd be surprised. I have a very vivid imagination.
My Fair Lady may have closed on #bway today in '62, but do not fret... it will be in #hou on Nov 18 at
All I want to do is crawl back into bed!
Hot guys are overrated.
Great family-friendly idea RT : The TURF: IDADA Art Pavilion is open today 10 am-7 pm. Free and open to public.
I just read and fully understood a french tweet. Why did I not take it at gcse? I'm actually quite good...
Random: I totally love that Solange is a DJ...& a pretty dope one from what I hear. Forget your sis, I digs ya babe & your fashion!
Loved seeing a shocked Madonna. Shocked because they didn't allow her to talk longer.
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you didn't get your tickets for the #BlacklightPartyOct22 in DALLAS GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST
Thanks 2 for giving me reasons 2 still like #CHH ...
Saw Confluence / JIRA (free for museums), Pivotal Tracker, Asana. Some great tools for different size teams.
Nothing on TV? When in doubt, always go with a mental disorder show. Hoarders it is!
RT *Q5.* We love shopping events where you can shop many designers! Which shopping event is a "can't-miss"?
Thanks! Still thinking through what this means now. Katrina I really liked your thinking - individualization is our future.
Practice Practice Practice.... The only way to get better at what you do!!!
ah! Olivia is so beautiful! This brought tears to my eyes! Congrats a million times over
": #Aries is low on individuality and creativity but high on power and achievement." Disagree, all I do is write.
Return thanks! :) Hope it's an awesome Friday and the weekend is even better!
you're awesome! thank you. possible film option soon...exciting to watch this book from my heart grow. happy wkend!
You may feel 2005 but your bike looks 2015. That's what counts.
:) I wish that I could just take all the wellers & set em down here in LA to enjoy a live show from them. :(
Thanks RT:: The Annual Cherry Blossom Parade pays tribute to the 100th anniversary of the festival on News4
OMG! I thought you were brilliant and amazing before now I am in awe. This is wonderful!
I wouldn't want to acquire his contract. RT : Josh Beckett needs to get traded. Sorry
Did my 1st shape up & cut on my bf ..& Might I say I did a good job
Go to Paradigmgardens.com for any and all of your gardening needs. We have a great selections of lights
How long will it be up? I'll be there next weekend...
I spent 2 hours and 25 minutes Bicycling. 1,346 calories burned.
Get up Creg
Is your website down, or is it just me? ;)
Improve Communications and Managing Conflict with the Front Office Academy’s 2-days worth of excellent sessions for your Front Office Team!
i had to pay to get back in Ning but I am happy I can buid this place nowisw kind of bare still
work work work.. and social life, of course!
#Skyrim kicks my ass. I wonder if I made a mistake by being a Dual wielding magic caster. =/
And the game is underway! Let's go Wild Things!
d'oh! Won't be able to make it to Epcot anytime soon. Thanks for the heads up!
city lights + full moon = no northern lights
im getting excited :D
My phone is dead. Im fucked. >.>
how could I?!? Haha thanks to Josh;P
what time does the box office close ???
"Focus on your potential instead of your limitations" -Alan Loy McGinnis
Finally got my iPad!!
yea same! And it's a bigger school and u have to find ur classes w/o being late, work harder etc. but I heard there's more(c)
what a cute couple they will have cute babies ;))))
Lol.. They're that good, they might. Just feel LA has a better chance to win. Can't tell me you won't be stoked if LA beats OKC?
Unexcited about what I had planned for lunch. Not sure if i should just suck it up or improvise.
nice! Imma check it out.
Big-ass guts, bad attitude, mad problems, these wack-ass females today.
Currently listening to: Pimpadelic - Drink!Drugs!Sex! on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 19
lol..love u Joy!
Well , Goodnight Twitter <3
- amazing the difference a slight tweak of the eyebrows can make!
Designing the mobile experience first is an excellent way to convince people to keep things simple.
Thanks Armond. Glad you're ok!
oh English people and their psychoactive drugs and mass copulation!
Sunday funday without me?! :(
it's me david :)wishing U the Best :)! stay positive! & know (we) your friends&fans are with U :)! draw strength from us :)!
#OWIF: There are two figures standing there, watching us. They're wearing robes and breathing softly.
First time out in the Sonoran Desert since back from St. Louis. How I missed it.
Saying bye to someone… then staying online for another 2 hours.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow my two kids come first. I love being a mom!
im back (:
Do you like ? Are you her fan?
Hi Renee, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Ladies and Gentlemen, your 2012-13 Cavs starting back-court: Kyrie Irving and
All Romney has to do to get past the "stiff" thing is say to his next heckler "to quote 'funk you very much!"
Good luck at #NCVF2012 #NCVFNationals2012. Looking forward to the updates!
Happy Thanksgiving
Watching "Newsies" at home today before we see it Playhouse tomorrow.
There is much to look forward to, I can't wait for Mickey's Not-So-Scary! Anyone have some Costume suggestions?
Had a major revelation tonight did u know Guinness is spelled the same pluralized, just like goat and sheep?
Me and m bro got VIP to teen hoot
I'll let you know when he gets back to me.
only 7 more days until #Australia for you!!! :)
I LOVE YOU FOR YOU.. NEVER CHANGE FOR SOMEONE IS WHAT IM ALWAYS TOLD.. ITS TRUE
Ahmed: There are differences between cultures and Islam just like a Christmas tree is not a religious symbol
I am from milwaukee and from ur picture you look like I have seen u before
good morning! Supposed to be a foot of fresh white stuff on the driveway, but it didn't happen...but it's plenty cold again...almost zero
I'm the most antisocial person in this class like i don't even exist
Everyone is getting twitter now
Distraction is the ultimate means of deluding the masses. Now that we're awake and tuned in, let's do something about it..
park plaza?
I wanna run over a referee on "accident" lmao
Re-watching season 1 of Game of Thrones
Hello, K.L.! Thanks for the follow-back!
you're the best! I wish more women would pose in pin up style. I'd love to have had pin ups during my tour in Iraq.
don't thank me, jim. thank hitler.
Advice from gtown consent form templates: "PROOF READ your final ICF before submitting it.... yes, grammar and formatting are important."
Congrats on the deal, great add for
Happy is as happy does...Happy Happy Friday!
"The Sun avoids harmful fossil fuel pollutants also, such as mercury, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen oxides."
RT RT @ RT For Prop 8 Day-of-Decision rally info near you, text RALLY & your zip code to 27336.
Music at Mumbai: Mike Daniels Trio feat Roger Gagnon, Ron Moore 4/14
I find it fascinating that a lot of folks organize their holidays with greater care than they do their lives.
Sounds tasty!
She might want to get in. Remember the Jello incident
Mom: are u drunk? Her Friend: fuck yes. Other Friend: off kool-aid? Me: ah, HAPPY MOTHERS DAY.
He's back in the area, folks. RT : The Nats signed lefty reliever Mike Gonzalez to a minor league deal.
I went out to the mall without shoes on and I can't feel them now. Which is good.
I'll b tweeting a lot from now on.I have been working hard & just going through some personal things in my life.Things I want 2 b personal.
Believe me, everyone around VU is dying to know whether these kids enjoyed themselves. But we do things by the book.
Q4: personal info and our whereabouts
"you dont want his fat rolls?" "nah bruh, i like 1 or 2 rolls" "not 17?" "damn bruh you got 17 rolls?" "shit if i know i aint count em all"
Seriously Google? Nothing for #111111?
Get a Twitter then I'll talk to you.
Crying in my bed because of graduation. WHAT IS GOING ON
Broken down house...and a dog named Rowdy.
well i bes all done school as of 12:45
I hope the little guy is alright!
Now that it has been confirmed that Hamas fired on the Israelis - resulting in the bombing of the Gaza School - don't you feel
Is today Sine Die? Hadn't noticed.
RT : Have you ever been so wet you could fuel a slip n' slide?|| have you not?
#Withey checks Jones
no. I was gonna get it but i didnt.
I landed on my ass bone lmfao:D
All i can say is God is making positive things happen for me!!!
yes! The sun may be closed but we're open today!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I will be backing for NYC!!!
Let's finish my presentation by tonight!
@ #smw12 #smwnyc learning about Social Media, Sports and Gaming from the Experts.
something's missing.
Avoid icy situations this #holiday season! Make sure to put salt on your sidewalks and steps as the ice comes this
I got a lot of problems right now, but I'm still thanking God for the blessings
It's midnight and I'm at a rodeo, lol. Not bad or my first 2 step dance with my ol lady.
hey text me
Sent a photographer to Rangers Ballpark yesterday to capture the excitement of MLB Playoff action. Stay tuned for pictures early next week!
Well, nice to see Brian Matusz actually pitched well tonight.
#WhileInARelationship NEVER go to bed mad.
One of my favorite core principles of the open web: pay it forward. Share what you know in blog post, etc.
the next Chicken Announcement at Midnight!!!
Fireworks, CHECK. Chili, CHECK. Antacids, CHECK.
We agree completely!
You can't stop ignorance but you can ignore it!!!!
I didn't know you can be mailed check with all zeros on it
RT Today is National Poetry Day in the UK. suggests 10 poems to read ht.ly/6PNOv
I've had enough of my naval gazing about #Syria.I've finally written a blog post about it.It's a deviation from my norm, but needed 2 vent.
Merry XMAS!
THAT IS A LOT OF TESTS OMG I just have 2 AP tests.
Look forward to it every year! RT : RT us if you've ever been to the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta!!
We<U+FFFD>re all superheroes with the power to be playful, fluid, flowing and evoke the God/Goddess within us
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Thought The Celebs Were Gonna Talk To You...
good I'm worn out !!
Just not cool enough to own a rolling back pack.
Why couldn't sleeping in be a birthday gift today? Oh well, I'll watch Michele Bachmann on Meet the Press and have some coffee.
Feel better Erica...I just had some yummy chicken soup. Maybe that'll help ;)
Tank tops for the 500 have been ordered! They are unizex sizes. That's the only way we could get the Neon yellow. XS through XL
I'm sure we will have you for #StPatricksDay !
Yeah I'm so happy to be done. & thank you :)
one of my co-workers showed it to me yesterday and I about went into labor laughing to so hard.
Floyd def a key part of this offense
You are a person of honor.
- thanks for the support!
I gave El Camino on vinyl for Xmas, and he gave it back when he bought the deluxe edition. See, it pays to be selfless.
Lambast away. But surely making judgements @ whole groups and classes of humans is what you object to?
Off to work a place where our children can dream through the arts. I love my job. #FF and support #Harlem businesses
In a 4-hr Social Media training with Sandi Krakowski to better serve you :)
2. Everyone should keep an eye out for boogers on her face. She wants to remain booger-free and needs YOUR HELP.
Thanks & I'm going to see Final Destination 5! I said I wasn't going to see it but my friend talked me into it! lol :)
Did you take that from his eHarmony page or what?
A Sugarland concert commercial just aired. Will they cancel the rest of their tour after tonight? hm ...
To Kill A Mockingbird was well - done. Of Mice and Men also
I want to be with you!!
Finally back in my own bed! :)
How does your #highered campus assess #online teaching and learning? How does your campus administer student evaluations? Please RT.
Hope you're OK for Wednesday... :)
I love all my followers
Me, too! But I'm glad we had Internet for the majority of the week. At least I could keep up with FB and Twitter!
Oh, I don't know about that. It is a pretty good view from up there.
... my brother is looking for two ... once will get us halfway there!
Aye bro yo uncle got any of the Beats wit the red wires?
No doubt boss.. we gotta collab on a track
Both “ n looked tres fantastique for the OScars last night!
We poll periodically -- and get lots of feedback. Where do you want to go?
Gonna go see my LL
lol! + can only hope!+
lmao i'm not even worried for tomorrow, algebra is my best subject & I know I will get an A haha awesome(:
ask and you shall receive... Shortly. Very soon!!!
yeah, crazy. It was a recent find, I believe. A friend of his asked him about it... [cont]
I'm ready to move on.
Had a good day today! Woo hoo for me!
Did your account get hacked? Got a weird DM from you earlier today.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man given. Be grateful. Conceit is self given. Be careful. (P. Sergio)
Finally reached 600 followers! thanks guys, tweet me if you ever want a follow back
dang it! #needmorepoints!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Being a spokesperson is a responsibility to your own brand and your clients' to represent both well.
One of my favorite parts of the #NFLDraft, the music tie-in after the picks. Recall KISS' 'Detroit Rock City' to greet Stafford.
It's all about #GCB y'all!
- Me too! Muah!
sorry, I missed your tweet and did not play Ernie's song, I owe you ! Although I am playing it 2night, but in Detroit
Thanks for raising awareness RT: chat with Food Allergy Health Activists on Monday @ noon EST & a tweetchat:
Welcome to the #Rockies family ! Excited to see you pitch in Denver.
you have the best parents. Ever! Tell them #BoomBoomHey for me
good luck my man. And in regards to your tweet yesterday, I will be. You going to this forum today by any chance?
Josh should know that Jayde is a biotch and you can it see it in her attitude
Going to the dr tomorrow here's to hoping it's just a mild case of the blahs. Prob not. :(
Yep... they just need to get me the cds in hand.. every 2 weeks we have events giving out FREE PROMO from different artists...
giving away a free book at tonight's meeting thanks to
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination - Mandela
7:45 and I'm ready for bed!
getting there isn't the problem... WINNING is! Without Bosh, don't know if they can (especially if they draw the Spurs).
i am totaly dying 2 find out...she is so lucky though!!!!!!!!!
goodnight bruh ,love the avi ...out
The Denver show is coming soon! Check out some of our exhibitors while you are there.
Shooting the video for "The Planking Song" Tomorrow in Florida.....
Watching Fear; man oh man is Marky Mark a creepo!!!
your avi and someone else avi I was bout to play with look alike from afar
Tell us how we're doing...take a survey. Go to secointernational.com and click on the take a survey button.
RT Irritating & off-putting when cable newsers ask viewers to vote on which of 3 features they want to see.
Of course, you are most likely past that point by now.
we definitely should do something before the end of 2011
thank you booboo:)
follow me, i love you
Those were good times running up & down the hall between out offices trying to catch every game we could.
The 76ers have beat out the Bulls!!!
Brian Roberts looks like he is on another planet.
Headed to Savannah's last Lacrosse game of her 10th grade year. Tear.
Tomorrow is Stamp Out Hunger! Do you have your bags filled?
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"
happy to help. Glad some played along.
had a hayday, leaving the bay tonight, catching next flight-thers a lot in sight and going to LA for the day.
pour me two fingers.
I'm so jealous, cuute.
it when you use the # sign
woohooo, Friday...finally. everyone was waiting for u spread the love.
I hope I'm not the only one watching
Thank you for donating FREE GROCERIES to all of the senior citizens attending Just The Ticket on 6/8 !
you're an idiot.
Time for just dance 3 yes !!!
I was just watching your new recent episode well it's not new but it was a couple of nights ago lol please follow me :D
The issue I was having in my last tweet must have been a special character. Note to self: DON'T COPY AND PASTE FROM WIKIPEDIA! ...erg
How to set up your free Find my iPhone account November 22nd, 2010
love New Mexico. Love the food, the people, the weather, the mountains, the air, the....... name it, I love NM
Congrats on your new post!
Big shout-out to UMD S.T.E.P.P. for killing it as usual!! Thanks for coming!
never end a sentence in a proposition. preposition? whatever, I'm from Nevada.
whatever you'd like....
Pretty good. How about you?
whaat? YOU are amazing! (:
“: You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.”
why don't you try doing your yardsale virtually with #EggDrop? It's a lot easier than setting one up in your yard. Good luck!
Hey Nick - when might 15 Minutes, The Works and No Frills be on iTunes? Dying to hear them but no way to get to them?
Place your collection of book titles on a dedicated Web-e-Books carousel bookshelf. 500,000 Android & Apple devices sold globally everyday.
Thank you kindly for the follow !
How to nurture commitment to CORE principles, independent of capacity to fund? There's an anti-gay = anti-happy undercurrent :(
i followed =D
You go to #NAMM? That's so crazy! My dad works for #Yamaha so I'm there every year...so cool!
Lets all reduced to be programmed + Artist and walking around with Windows and send email messages. YES!!
I have been hacked. Sorry.
Good morning! Today is ‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s last day at Lake Mohonk.
but you forgot your BOSS #2 .. Lol (player fucking two Ctfu) thought about tht video
Headed To The Civic Center. We On In 15.
Show starts at 5:30 today. Come out and hang! We also have tickets if anyone needs some. Bring all y'all friends :D
Curious she chose that word+seems to say it has no power. Ynot another word? : Michigan woman paints N-word on her home
I'm only subscribed to 2 people's twitter comments to my cell. More often than not, they post within a couple mins of one another.
Received a book to quote on by UPS. 8-5/8 x 11-1/2 hardcover with 512 pages circa 1968 & I strained my delicate wrist picking it up. Huge.
I'm Good, I'm Gucci.
I was thinking the same thing Maria,,,,we miss you Frank!!!
Have you followed my personal Twitter?
Amen brother! Loved it!
whoops I just realized whaat you said . . and why ?
Beyond disrespectful.. I never noticed it.
YES, I love that.
Very nice set up. Stoemper!
hanging with my fleshies this weekend should have been in florida ...sucks
is the man. You should probably follow him.
What is your favorite thing thing to do outside during Springtime?
So much snow, so I made a snowoman.
I have been uber supportive since the Pens have been getting reemed, but even I am dismayed about tonight. Down 3 good players. 18, 45 & 7.
nice job on the webinar today. Good stuff! Thanks for sharing!
For the next 2 hours swing by Lime Cantina and get the deal shown here: 2-for-1 Monday Madness
wut??who said he had a girlfriend?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I am doing the same thing as yesterday, but your no longer here. Fourteen Years
i would never do that
i respect that.
Thanks, didn't mean to suggest that's the case but I've seen it, sometimes in the context of being too obsessive about therapy
We wish it was up in Wisconsin so more people would see it that actually appreciate it like a Packer fan would.
Now it's time to....... SLEEEEEEEPPPP
just saw that on ! Fun!!! Speaking of fun... I want to play some softball ;)
#amen RT : Sometimes You'd expect more from others just because you're willing do to anything for them.
can't take credit. another person I know posted that on Facebook... Oy
Oh I told people from school that they could follow me if the can find me
TAN FOR FREE March 12th! ANYONE can TAN in a UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE that day! MYSTIC TANS $10 each! 3 DAYS TO GO!!!
No, I probably should huh? Did you?
Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back.
We're th..... RT : And Petrino swallowing a june bug RT : I picture dumb and dumber on the moped.
Have time for a quick radio interview this morning with a public radio station in LA? I emailed you as well, let me know. #thx!!
They give him that foul AND continuation?
celibate? Girl please...
I have no idea how...but I fixed that :)
thanks for the information! This is a great place for aspiring restaurant owners to start.
Everett was never an offensive stud but his 2003-6 numbers were decent given his glove. Lowrie is better...
If you need financial assistance, vehicle repair or a specific part, we are your one-stop spot! Call Melloy Dodge today at (888) 760-4136.
Wish I was in Reno. Have fun everyone.
aw thanks hunnie bunches :)
*finger on nose*
She was so sick that day-happy it turned out. You gals sound incredible! When are you coming back to CA?
did you get a 7th round answer? Wondering if it's tied to Nelson/Jones transaction?
yo my nigga im sleepin over matts this weekend... we need to link up nd get stoned
Dear dorothy, Ive been clicking since sept, now in oct, and im gone to nov. Sincerely, I wish I was home! Clickity click damnmit...
It's been too long. I need to visit D.C. Really soon.
#NYCEStadiumClub for birthday dinner. Life is good.
My instagram is and my tumblr is
RT : next time you're looking for a new gig, apply at
adorable! I dare you to explain the concept to mom.
more followers on intsagram than pinterest or google+ for per
We called it the UGL (or Ugly) back in my day. I'll have to swing by next time I'm on campus. Thanks!
Will do. Good luck here in the biz. Continued success!!!
If any band should reunite, it should be the Rock-A-Fire Explosion from Chuck-E-Cheese
One more day until the big XO announcement
Ok fellas, hold it down out there.
Grinding the mega sat. 21 players left, pays 7 main event seats $3125 each and 8th place pays cash about $2500
TIME TO CHANGE ME AVI!!!
“: Interesting that private sector panel at #bisnow event end up taking mostly about social media, and not mobility as such” agreed.
Omg god this guy is adorable but anyway go follow him for me ;)
text me!
Happy drinko de mayo!!!!!
and thats my reward? I still have bite marks by the way.
I'm more excited for The Unger Games where Felix Unger is given one lone dishrag then left to die in an arena full of dirty dishes
Omg I got a follow that said Austin Mahomies and thats all I saw and i thought it was you:( its not:'(
I will retire in TX, but for now I need somewhere with seasons and culture. Hipsters are not culture.
I just heard that the State's sweeping budget reform has been passed in Lansing.
no I will not
We all have our favorite musicians but at some point we are going to have to except their in love and not hate on their girlfriend <3
:) The suspense is killing me.
you and Keila need to meet my friend she just moved to ny
i realli wanna watch harry potter rite about now...........
LOL well, then! RT : Mark Sanchez says, "I'm not sick of the (Tebow) questions, but it's only May."
Conley is on FIRE son!!!
#sea If you could meet anyone from the Bible (other than Jesus) who would it be and what would you ask them?
What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you. ~Oprah Winfrey
What?! I hope you complained. Loudly!
well im gonna try to make it up to her tomorrow, i think i thought of a way..
I hate haters, fakes and subtweeters.
we BOTH know that is a bunch of HOOEY. does dave koch think you're doing the right thing? probably, he will get richer off us
yea I'm finna do it and yea go ahead
I'm being published! Yes. Not even old enough you drive either.
Social media has everyone so hyper-aware that no one enjoyed April Fools day. Too bad.
Thank, I guess you can call it that lol
I gone.
GREAT young actors to
I wish it were that cool. :-) I manage all of our social media w/ the exception of Flickr & Facebook.
Watching #westindiescricket while reconciling a key informant genealogy w/ church birth and death records. Now that's cultural exchange!
RT PROMOTERS / INVESTERS GOT $$$ I CAN HAVE JAY Z, KANYE WEST, CHRIS BROWN, RICK ROSS, AKON, T.I, WHO EVER! @ YOUR VENUE HIT
where was Lane in tonight's episode?
stay strong
There's a screaming baby at my house. -____- lol Hope everyone has a happy Saturday!
Loving the East Texas stars and the cool breeze.
don't forget to follow us!
wasnt yesterday...not sure if it is today..
I'll never tell.
Yah!! Thanks Maro more single videos to be posted on Itunes!! Anyday now- Also shooting another MSNBC video next week!!!
I'm with ya. Congrats on new job, BTW.
We are a teen webshow blogging about today's Detroit Trending Topics, Can we include your tweet please?
Paranormal enthusiasts from all over the U.S. are planning on attending MGC this Sept. Anyone coming from outside the country? Let us know.
I know! I walked in and was like hey, I'm sunni, your new hire!
Just saw avatar for the first time...Borderline Amazing
ok cool. We need a good run this week
Anyone know what that dub-soul song is in the #Microsoft IE commercial?
(EVERYBODY) PLEASE GO IN CHECK MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL @ (YungSmookDawg) I WOULD SO REALLY APPROPRIATED IF YOU GUYS DID THANK YOU!!!!!
u should b here!!
Tell me about it :)
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart. Wordsworth
stoked for adele's new album.
we doing something or staying here
Anyone else watching this Top Teacher segment on Live with Kelly?
christina!! she tryna leave.. and im like go head! idek if she still is..
im already following mate c;
Happy to have my bundles back.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for dining with us for the big day :)
Super 8 is the epitome of what movies should be!
Party time!
<U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+272C>Love doesn't sit there like a stone, it has to be made, like bread: remade all the time, made new.<U+272C> Og Mandino
The best vision is insight ~ Malcolm Forbes
What bourbon did you wish Siri would get you?
link to your profile so I can check it out?
This took some research on NFL Draft History site but Chris Chandler was the QB traded for the second overall pick in 1992. Great Question!!
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
yes, so to speak. I really liked the direction suggested/implied by the would-be appropriated set of practices
#Makeup goes to...
RT Underneath their strong independent exterior, #Leo loves romance and being swept off their feet.
:) RT : did you see on in her red jumpsuit? I almost fainted!
No more Tia Mowry on "The Game" :(
Rather proud that my gmail password lasted 5 years before getting hacked.
Hey Jeff -- have you had a chance to play ?
My teacher put my foot in the correct pointed position tonight and I still have a foot cramp 2 hours later :O
See How to FAUX Hawk at Twistii.biz under Stylist Videos
World Peace is essential.
#SpursNation licking their chops...
So has anyone ever prayed naked?
Can't Mali just have their election and make my globalization project easy?
And how about that catch from the defender's tip. Not even 4g could cover Fitzgerald. Haha
Perfect wknd!Patricia Field,Billy Reid,Rogan shopping. Peels,Think coffee redux. Dim sum yum. Tomorrow:fashion show, charity benefit. Happy.
tip: Suppress your subscriber emails from ad campaigns on Pandora. Already subscribed & about to unsubscribe
you never told me you were waiting....contemplating
people who have astigmatism have a different base curve so the lens will slide on your eye sometimes even the diameter is off
Alarm sounds and I say "Are you tired right now, do you wanna stay home?" Then, I say oh yea, oh yea, umhmm, yea that's right.
They're as bad as sports talkers trying to do politics.
what was the bet?
: gracias! Hope your weekend is amazing too! :)
Hey! Lets get us to 400 likes tonight!!
im ust sayin it's bounce back season its grind hard season its fuck what you talking bout season so if u talking bout sharin dat money fwm
the best thing ownership has done this year
sorry I'm excited
I want to try eyebrow threading, sounds like perfection!
: when are you guys coming to cincinnati?
u got that wrong.... shoots the sexy and writes people
Filosofical question: is it ok to use "racism" in order to achieve power - IF that power is supported by Jesus?
MLS cup. Maybe third plays us open cup winner for that spot. I go back and forth on it.
Good luck coach. Take the Read & React to the finals!
when boys write you notes in school >> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
cleaning and packing nothing to fun :/
"Decades of research have consistently shown that brainstorming groups think of far fewer ideas than the same number of people who work alo…
hahahahaha do yu know what Hellen Kellers parents did when she was bad?
Decided to go on a walk around my block to see if i could find my bracelet i lost last night, the hispanics are everywhere!
How 'bout a lil misbehaving & "Disobedience on draft & 4 other brews w/ Deli "Sliders" 6-8pm Free
We'll admit to indulging in a little sensationalism here & there. A position can drive $ just as much as the other way around.
why am i still hungry?
Great! I bet it's a fun area. I would be inspired to be there.
Amazing things can happen once you change your way of thinking
Ah Twitter. The only time following someone's wife is not considered creepy. Or is it?
Good luck friend!
I wna new Twitter Name... but idk what to put
Oh, I wish! I'm hosting a party tonite for a friend's bday. Sorry to miss it but I know will take great care of you!
You're living a pretty good life then, champ.
who are these announcers? both challengers horrible
is the game at Baylor or PV???
Are you an "artist" jake??
unfortunately many schools do not offer afterschool enrichment as this would help provide students w/ access to create videos
RT : thank u!!! Those frozen cherries are the best! Cc
I've got a job, great friends, someone special in my life, now all I need is a direction for my future to go- any suggestions?
I have zero energy, & that's not cool .
Low Profile Black Tilt/Tilting Wall Mount Bracket for Sony Bravia KDL55HX800 / KDL-55HX800 LED HDTV TV/Television – Ultra Slim http://
If you were on a desert island with the discography of one record label which would you choose?
Sorry to hear that....we'll follow up with you.
Right on! Ill see you in Charlotte! RT : ... count me in...
I've decided today that I'm going to be the CHANGE that I want to see in this world...care to join me?
We're at my house, watching movies. You want to come? I think you might like my change of plans. You might actually want in ;)
yes, very much. And you're welcome for RT.
clear action directives: include at least two buttons on each screen. You have to ask users for what you want.
lmao just minimum experience and a penis! Haha
Stock photos are to print as B-Roll is to television.
It's crazy how music evokes memories.
thank you to all our new followers. We appreciate you so much! Share the word with your friends please.We will be downtown Nashville soon!!!
Just got a good ass laugh at that HBCU discussion.... Just lurked my ass off
Used to be my dog now I see that ur a bitch
On my MacBook doing design work for a social media website... I feel like a 24 year old hipster all over again,
What kind of problem are you seeing? Are you getting an error or is it just not working?
Sign up for Fatso's annual golf outing on September 18th. Stonecreek Golf Club. Proceeds to benefit Riley Gillam. 7:00am Shotgun start. Fun!
If #soccer hasn't changed in a hundred years why do we still walk around hoping to find something new? #Justsayin'
Just heard part of 'Call Me Maybe' for the first time...it's even worse than I thought it was going to be
: put in a plug for me ok!
Honestly,America: #GOP "Ricketts Case of Smear ADs VS. Pres Obama" is FAULT of #GOP SCOTUS Shills(Roberts,Alito,Thomas,et)w SCourt Cit Untd
won't be able to make it tonight, but will check out the transcript
I gotta actually get some rest tonight
For many, 'to see is to believe', but in reality, 'to believe is to see
For sure. Just let me know.
I could be, anything in particular
i wish haha but that would make my dad so unhappy
nice meeting you too! been off twitter for a bit so sorry for the late response. what's new?
yes i know! but in my life there is only |k|..
Nah, I'ma get one tomorrow lol.
Great band trip/vacation but I still can't wait to get home. Because, I'm a
Definitely! Join the movement. RT I wish high school basketball had a shot clock.
And her skin is all blotchy and looks like she tried to bleach it or...something... No comprendo.
About to eat dinner with my wife and my FAVORITE lil person my niece Lizzy!! She couldn't wait to come over this weekend!! #IMLOVED tweet
Found out I was half German recently. Not Polish at all, apparently. Now the jokes go from slapstick to dark.
put your cheeks in the beek!
Just saw you followed me! Thanks so much! It means a lot!
i really need to start writing down daily summaries about what i learn on the internet.
Thank you for the follow & Cheers!
that was stupid. Chloe would be happy for her! And Abby's just jealous that maddie didn't get picked am I right?
Checking out these new #Seahawks uniforms. ... Hhmmm.
dude are you for real? who does that?
awaiting a messy two weeks. . . life is too busy all the time.
I shouldn't have looked at the AK tax info for 2011! We made nearly the same amount of money taxing cigarettes as we did taxing mines.
does anyone else watch vampire diaries?!? one of my fav shows ever!! so much happened in one episode!!!
Hunting down extra mics and camera equip. Not fun.
Has it happened to you, that you go and buy something and then you forget what you bought that item for?
JayZ and the bike? This workout just got awesome.
Of course we will veto the bill!! This nation cannot afford to cut the deficit, cap our spending OR balance the budget! We MUST raise taxes!
Thank you. That's so awesome. I can't find the link to request a credit through my True Blue account; any tips?
are you sure i need them alott there the best ppl to talk to and ill follow you to and are you ready for
welcome to the club
I totally geek out when I'm suprised by a snake. (Especially a Montana rattler. or any rattler any where)
me and can just kick her ass if she wants to be a douche. ;)
I'm going to ny for the wkd
Boadwalk Empire with just a touch of extra violence tonight. Just a touch.
Best actor is Barry Pepper from the ReelzChannel for the Kennedys. That's interesting.
Dresden Dolls' Backstabber
I want a taser.
Have a great weekend!
The Weeknd go hard .
Rhea pointed out that im real cold hearted, idgaf about nothing/nobody.
RT : #Aquarians enjoy being with people, but is content to be alone. They like to travel, but love relaxing at home
My legs feel like noodles.
thank you for booking me as background in Oscar winner #theartist. We won!!
Leaders Never Follow....
DC: Graham winning in the ward one polls? What ever happened the the honorable TEDDY LOZA? What's up with that?
Omg omg omg ! Yay #CSINY isn't Going anywhere, It's staying so Happy. I was so terrified ! Ahh yay ! Woohoo ! I wanna #Yankees & #CSINY bday
Let's go Yanks!!.. Wait, what?
thanks for the tail swish! Happy Wednesday!
Dick Cheney may need heart transplant. Odd. He never used the one he has.
Time to take my grandma home she has talk my ear off enough for one day
I want to cuddle.
The cider sounds great, and very 18th century, too. Way to keep it old fashioned & delicious.
Just scored a new logo design project. Woo Hoo! Now I will have to run out and buy that $20 logo software from #BestBuy LOL
I hope so RT True, but the college presidents are every bit as greedy as the bowl CEOs. And the colleges control their destiny.
pretzels are good.
true. But there are some nuggets to be had as we have seen. Plus with #Bing and #yahoo! possibly combining it's worth a mention.
We will try! Lots to do! Luckily, it's a show free weekend. Hope you have a great one too.
hey! Things are super busy, but really great. I will have to try and be more vocal about it.
you say that now...
Man I swear Ive been working non stop for yall, I pushed back my newest mixtape so it can be redone new tracks will added so stay tuned in.
Did you or Lori get my eml? Not sure I have your # to call. Send Direct msg if you want.
About to wake up the 2nd grader for school. Teacher Appreciation Week here so busy, busy.
Advanced Mailing Services of Albuquerque, New Mexico is a full service mailing services firm. 505-899-3104
Surprisingly, I get to be a part of the casting for Frozen Ground all tomorrow... Wish me luck :) Nicholas Cage's movie :D
All this time i thought it was 7:00am and its freaking 10 minutes to 8 !!! Ugh -.-
u got to have heart
Thank you for the quality tutorial on Python and mapping!
Christmas Eve ( new album)
Have a wonderful day! Let Forever begin!
thank you baby! Most things regarding you are beyond words! :)))
When the actual Padres victories don't happen, look for the little victories to celebrate! Friar rally time!
I don't feel shitty, I feel asses and titties.
yes, you are right. we will be changing this. not a intended lie, just a new reality with so many submissions.
I swear to god I need a job!!! Needing money! D: gonna make a resume, then going job hunting!! Let's hope I dot get lazy.
Remember what I told you!
he's at I-205 at Columbia. OK so far... trains slowing
do you work?
Giving myself the day off today. Pretty stoked to just chill. Gotta get out of the house before I start mixing.
Drinking beers before work: bad idea. Shot-gunning beers before work: great idea.
Reviewing the new Tascam DR 100mkII portable recorder. Love it so far for #oralhistory. Stay tuned for a video review
our gluten free products contain no corn!
Right? Nah, I guess my body has had enough rest. I'll probably regret it later :/
#FF She's an absolute doll ... go check her out & follow! :)
Thank you! :D
Awesome! Losing my voice
Bitch: "I hate Justin Bieber!" Me: "Stupid bitch suck his dick!"
Upton's new nickname is Mr. Inconsistent
Life-affirmation. What a joke.
Interior/Exterior painting contractor serving San Diego County for over 25 years.Call a professional Mr.D's 619-562-5848 "We Love To Paint"
Mom:(christina) she's almost losing her boobies!
Everyone please follow she is funny!
haha woah. no wonder this earth is a mess..haha jk :P
me too! I would have to hold Zak's hand Heehee
thank you for the amazing presentation.
It was so great to see you last night at the EWP Gala! Miss you! xoxo
do u know a guy name austin mahone
I remember guys like from school, even if they don't.
Gonna go to the movies today to see extremely loud and incredibly close!
Whenever I get upset at what dark skinned people are doing to my country, I go tanning with John Boehner to relax.
I like pretending to be a plant in my P.E. class. It really helps.
i hope to creating a collaborative map for the Zambian Bloggers Network
Gonna bring back WYL in the fall just need some people to run it
Kings of Colorado = selected as an alternate for the Book of the Month Club!
Thanks a lot Elisa! You have an amazing portfolio!
Very excited Funny Person in Austin #2 Ruby Collins has signed to host Come See Grown Men Cry Competitive Eating at Bikinis Aug 9 at 3:00!
I'm your go-to guy ;) Let me know when!
I think a lot of Bron...er Tebow fans are jumping of the bandwagon
old people love some NCIS. My parents are all about it.
We must invest in science. Science is not a 4 letter word. - Cousteau
we just did a story on dan electro's guitar bar in the heights. unbelievable sound quality. just watched a show tonite! awesome!
thanks so much,look forward to it. Always fun,love the rounds! Plz let me kno as early as possible so I can schedule it. Thnx
Thanks for liking the tunes Angelica Perillo. We appreciate your support
Our greatest good, and what we least can spare, is hope. -Abraham Cowley
Epcot is perfect omg
:-( awww well hopefully soon!
Japanese cooking class, february 5
I love being talked about. I'm the center of every ones attention. I FEEL SO FAMOUS! :)
my blog is lighting up with that post. Amazing how anything with gay or sex draws people-unlike my spirituality meditations hehe
“: That is blasphemy David! And to smite you Tebow just scored ”
spaghetti is getting warmer
Undulating waves of gratitude to everyone involved in making the first-ever ABQ Zine Fest a reality!
Sorry Henry for some of the Idiot fans calling using vulgar language at u.
I hate training people man
Guess ima have ta hit the bar by maself tonight all ma brothas done left me smh
"I'm a G, your my swagga, if I were shetto, I'd be 5 times Betta."
new to twitter <3
MacDougal was always the can throw 100 mph but not do much else guy. Farnsworth-like. Feels like just yesterday he was highly touted...
Niggas is crazy
as effectively as they dictate it
Headed to a terrible crash...CHP confirms 2 teenagers dead, 3 people hospitalized, car caught fire, hazmat on scene. More 5-7.
O..k..so now because I wear glasses you're gonna start talking about that?
Where are you all headed to Dave? :) Love you by the way. :D <3
about which tweet?
It's so refreshing to see the candidares competing to be the most conservative.
#churchplanters The city He has called you to has people & families that need to hear the gospel! Never enough churches, ANYWHERE!
Pizza 4 breakfast
too late. That child has been dropped! Wow, that sounds horribly wrong...
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
i need one more follower before i get 200 please follow me
Thank you for shepherding us through yesterday; we really appreciated the tour!
Happy Saturday, you deserve a cold beer after that long week! Our doors just opened, head inside for Happy Hour! Drink Well, Drink OTR
if you want
Questions over pope's Cuban itinerary
Friday! Happy hour starts at 4! We've got a few changes and updates we're experimenting with over the weekend, so stay tuned next week.
hahaha, just ate a 3 pound burrito, bout to abuse the toilet, does that make sense?
For locals, but you never know who you might meet at a networking event who has a friend/relative in the area you're looking!
Some times I wonder why the hell I met you...
Madison fire assisting Cottage Grove with a hydrochloric acid leak at Highway N & Commerce Park.
Ugly couples that do PDA. Thats a No No...
I'm wearing a sweat shirt and sweggings:) lololol
S/o to my people Now go Follow
best conference experience was watching an audience begin their own q&a session on twitter b/c noone liked the moderator.
Tomorrow begins Twitter asceticism until April.
This is sad, but am hopeful something else will pop up.
Easy ways out sometime lead to destruction because you miss out on the rewarding journey
Congrats on his Pulitzer win for film criticism.
"I'll let the static put me to sleep."
Just live your life!!!
They're all original songs created by folks just for the wake up song on STS-134.
RT : My 2 thoughts after watching #Thor: 1. Wow! Great movie! 2. Wow! He's hot! <<<< you can say that again #junglefever lol
Yea, i'll tell her to try an see you.
Heard about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way. We cannoli do so much, his legacy will become a pizza history. Here today, gone tomato
Japan and Boston / Both places are similar / Rain rain go away
"An #incarceration program is not an employment program. If people need jobs, let’s get people jobs." -Gov. Cuomo
The Cowboys are awful, and will stay that way as the Jones family are running things!
Happy Friday Jake! Hope you have a good weekend!
“ #Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.”
Well HELLO!!!
Guy that just sang 'ironic' on The Voice looks like Bradley Cooper's twin with a lack of sleep, or drugs, or something.
Well it's about to kill me! I'm so ready to just knock these songs out. Besides that- all is well! How's Cali doing?
Aww man U didnt follow my friend :(
no problem!
#askObama Foreign aid is less than 2% of budget.
A3: I think enhanced books and apps will revolutionize textbooks soon.
Going to be a great night we have the hosting DePaul. Game starts in 30 mins.
Why comment on my post to someone else's wall if you don't even know what we're talking about? Get off facebook and stop stalking me, lady.
life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. - Marilyn Monroe
full service solution for your business. Integrate your social media with our POS and take advantage of our inhouse marketing consultant
haha I will probably need it...
Thanks for the share and kudos!
glad it went chief!
How many times are you going to repeat your self?
Spring sports registration opened 2day - Flag, sand, indoor, soccer, softball y mo! Indy, group or team signup available.
The greatest LB that ever wore a Charger uniform. Junior Seau was a class act on & off the field. RIP
I think...I am ready for some football!!!
With the 28th pick in the Draft the Greenbay Packers select?
Congratulations Antonino on your selection
I just know ur pops Ocky and echo and her 5 kids
It could be worse. I can't think of an example at the moment... but it could be worse.
#filmquotes: "For me, the cinema is not a slice of life, but a piece of cake" - Alfred Hitchcock
Thanks to the fantastic #SouthAfricanTourism team for a great #INDABA2012. See you next time.
My Name Is Mahataa teaches us to reach out to our spiritual elders who hold the key to higher consciousness and who can show us the way.
we aren't old !!
Is it just me or the auto-expanding content, once bottom of page is reached and links in the footer don't go well together?
Monona Grove goes down. HC Eric Nelson must be bumming, but not to worry, no seniors on the team.
I think lots of folks think pets are over vaccinated. Kinda scary.
Thanks 4 insight. I was thinking I need to trademark my "name" as a brand.
Saxon: W/new comm paradigms, drs are partnering w/patients. Civil rights issue for patients to have access/interaction w/their health data.
Great turnout for hoops! Go pack!
It occurred to me that bills to "protect the kids online" is backwards. The legislators actually need protection from the tech-savvy youth.
Going to NYC for the wknd.
FOLLOW BACK THIS
Get #BlackBooks on DVD and watch all of it. HILARIOUS.
Have a great and safe Halloween! <U+2665>
I need to call a #timeout and sleep an extra 4 hours mainly to improve my health well being and general level of happiness.
lt pgt Good of the strength of elastic advantage is reduced breakdown Open ring design the advantage of elastic alliance is :-)
To Austin's concert my dad does not think I can get a ride
Jesus says2us,It wasn't easy,(His death on the cross)but it was worth it.Why wouldn't u want2accept His love today?Accept Him.Its worth it
BURLESQUE 10 YEAR ANNIVERSARY TUESDAY APRIL 24, 2012 PURE Nightclub
Everyone at The Group Travel Leader wishes you a fun weekend! Anyone have any travel plans this weekend?
Dude if this happens again, ill go ape shit
Just have a 2 minutes Fam chatting with T.I., his wife Tiny and 3 others at Ocean Prime, Atlanta - Buckhead...
great thanks for asking. How are you?
I want tht
Aww thank you ma'am! How are you doing? :D
naw u did it on FB?
this is the usa, characters welcome!
Just a few appointments left! Call today to take advantage of our $50 specials! $50 specials available all month! *617-227-5499*
HE JUST REPLIED TO YOU! :D
that's when I buy more hangers
I wonder what (if anything) OUP is actually paying to "hire" these scholars.
you are my sunshine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600>
No, i will be at Paul's Boutique sipping on Brass Monkey with Shadrack Messhak and Abendago getting my Root Down
actually don't mind doing trig homework even though its not due until 9th period tomorrow....
computer lab with laptops like a boss hehehe this lap tops need cameras XD hehe with alex (:
Wish I knew...I can see the pic post tho...good luck ! ;-)
How is everyone doing tonight?
Tonight at dobbs ... THE PINHEADS .. A RAMONES TRIBUTE!!!
finally i got a backround for my profile page. please go to my page look at it and tell people to follow me please
thank you sp-sister!
Stronger Toyota helps boost US auto sales in April - The Associated Press
A "persn" said, "fasting 24 hours is experiencng what #hungrykids go thru everyday".Really? Is hierarchy removed this far from reality? Wow!
phone customer wanted to know what year Nebraska and Iowa were admitted to the union.
don't you always watch a movie in history?
maybe you will....
The mind is like a book, nothing can unfold if it remains closed.
the big banks should donate unoccupied homes to returning veterans. great PR campaign (#occupythis); get fed tax break, etc :)
almost time for practice, gettin ready
Hard crack cookin on the stove while ma cooks grits and pops chops the firewood.
Agreed. At least I had a racist tell me he almost saw a glimpse of reason in my comments -- what a compliment!
WHY VAT
All Money aint Good Money
my pleasure!
I was just on looking for the retweet button
I see my #whitesox held on for the victory #crosstownclassic! Woo Hoo!
S/O to the new follower <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you're welcome. :)
Of course! Thanks for watchng!
Im awesome!! =D
I'm obsessed with this song thx for playing
Nice day today. Now I'm headed to the farmers market trying to get something to eat!
I'm in a good mood.... I'm dancing LMFAO .
So who else is tired of people saying they'll #followback and then dont? I know I am.
Hmm. If I coach teachers again, I'll have to include voice. Interesting to note.
Send us pictures of your Halloween Costumes! We will post them! Send them to
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. -Albert Einstein
Riding the train in chicago With helena(:
I know! Pesky 60-vote thing! Why can't they be like the House and pass any old thing, whether they've read it or not?
Let's drink! has 1/2 off wine bottles all night every Thursday in #Denver!
it's a great sport once you learn the game, it's the most popular sport on the planet
sure will vote for u I tried earlier but having difficulties connecting to ur link thanx for the reminder Good luck.
. Thanks for the follow! Pls check us out on F. As well..
#TwitterCrush on most of my followers. Even some of the ladies.
“As I have said, you have no reason to trust me, and an excellent reason not to.”
feel free to give me a call or email if you'd like to know what kind of guy he was.
In order to read without electricity during earth hour, I'm keeping this tire fire going all day
scholarships added daily. We can also pair you with the scholarships you are most likely to win.
Damn u chikfila in the mall. now wraps : (
Who's attending the address from 's Ron Clark?
Amanda's mom is now following you lol “: Oh great my brother is following me, what's next my mom? lol”
THANK YOU SIR!!!
Good to know that I'm not the only dependent on the email to Evernote functionality. :-)
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
Mondays suck!
I didn't miss it? Phew! Oh and BTW I LOVE MJ <3 :]
i would rather have jesus than silver and gold
Ooh your real cool because you can dress like a slut when it 45 degrees out side! #smooth some people smh
Good example RT : T2: maybe pointing out how multiple trips to have blood drawn can be reduced would convince older pts?
Never heard people so socially awkward.
When do the stickers come out? or stickers? I need to fill my computer up
Planning a surprise for is like mi3 without Tom.
Quebec Wal-Mart workers leave union - CBC.ca
I've hated Frankenstein the Quarterback for years, never understood the attraction (esp. out of the pocket).
says nonsense just to get a rise out of ppl. There is no way he can be that ignorant and clueless.
I fucks wit it
If you have used our catering, We would love to hear your feedback on Thanks so much,
With social media, the line between customer and company may no longer exist.
Me too:) and do u know why he's moving to Miami?!?:) RT : I really hope Austin's announcement is that he got signed.
Cool to see you chasing your dream, Annie -- and it looks like it's working out for you too! Yea, MiamiU.
i cant add u :(
When people ask if me and Josh are still together I get pissed and go in on why we're not together.
More dates 5/22 in Eugene at and 5/23 in Ashland at , both with musical guest Professor Gall!
how precious.
FREE MUSIC - ADELE LOVERS - evanescence LOVERS - DRESDON DOLLS + MORE! "LIKE" PAGE PLZ! on.fb.me/qlwZTB
I am so blessed with amazing, supportive friends! Thanks to everyone who has told me they're coming to my show tonight! <3
Oh hello 5:15am how are you?
Our writers feature and follow them for analysis and opinions on the world of sports.
That's like a nigga sayin he from Compton but u never hear him say #HubCity #CityOfHub #CPT or SUSPECT
Pepsi MAX Inks Deal With Basketball Star Kyrie Irving - Sacramento Bee
is your dad comgjng to get j this weekend?
Definitely filled my truck up for $40 with that $2.98 gas today.
Hate school
Time for some recovery food
who can stop mayweather
Girls who think they look cute in their photos and actually people think 'what the fuck are you doing?'
side note: wondering how long it'll be before some rock band names themselves 'The Black People' or 'Black Folks'
you know whoo(:
thats for true, but hey the maintenance man might end up being a hottie! Or better yet, might be able to teach you karate!
": The over 30 team? They gather the awesome sauce." And o40's get the salads and cranberry juice
I have spent plenty of money at Pepsi Center to demand that my team wins this game for me, dammit. No excuses.
YO TWEETS! FOLLOW MY PEEPS , & ! LET US CONTINUE 2 SUPPORT 1 ANOTHER! :-)
I have a headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Lets go America
Oribe Peralta (Mexico) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Nope. "... and the bear ate them. -30-" RT : Endings are so hard to write!
#AnnoyanceOfTheWeek Dads who take multiple kids to men's barber shops. Throws off the rotation. Take your kids to Kids Cuts!
my biggest wish is for you to follow me,i would be so happy, i would cry:)
I heartily recommend the special birthday beer. Tried it at Swagger last night... delish.
because there's a popcorn machine right behind you idiot
I hope the French can handle my love for #USA!!
This time, I should of done it my way..
got a twitter...not exactly sure what i'm doing
needs to tweet something!!!
Yeah You Know :) .
#FF or else i will eat all of your food!!!
yinz are the best! love.
Shipping out final orders of the week before this weekend.
In the Battleship trailer, a skyscraper breaks in half.
Mad shout out to because i love that sexy
we'll be expanding the install profile capabilities a lot in the future. This is just the beginning. :)
i don't mean to stalk u i just think u pretty, i love pretty light skin girls.
sounds good man.
THIS MEANS WAR.
thanks sweetie <3 xo
Love TheVoice Super Heroes!
Happy Easter to everyone
#bigshoutout to ur a great new friend. :)
SO I HAVE CLEARLY MAXED MY BATTERY OUT...IM DOwn TO 8% so i shall return my twitter friends
Huntsman - out, 3 crazies to go.
And it's such a good movie, too. Need to seek out her debut.
WE WISH.
dude i aced my test A
Oh you want a water? *puts two ice cubes in a rocks glass and fills with water .. enjoy..
How many Japanese planes were shot down during the attack on #PearlHarbor?
The Wanted Emcees would love to perform their new song "Wanted the Illist" on The Late Show w/ David Letterman!!
Amazing dinner w/ the fam'
Obviously in Ireland, making babies! A surprise visit would have been nice, eh?
If someone out there wants to start a dessert delivery service, I am happy to be your first customer.
My fav period costume book, simply for its dry, witty British prose and great turns of phrase is Lucy Barton
Regence BlueCross BlueShield to drop its Portland-area provider network for individual members, giving them fewer choices or more costs h...
Sometimes calling upon the name of Jesus is all that you can - and should do.....
Was it just for Beth's mic or also Kyle's?
the hat featured on our main twitter pic will be available by wednesday of this week
kick off your stilletos, kick off your stilletos and fuck me in the back seat.
I knew I forgot something! I'll grab some tomorrow!
Experiment in full effect... No more text messages
Company rain- sunny all day work and start raining when you get home.
New profile image on the Twitters. Done painting (with a hole in my arm) for the night.
Great coverage in the Wall St Journal ! Dunavant Wealth Group's newsletter is very impressive... love the recipes & sudoku puzzles!
Nevermind! Packers take Nick Perry DE From USC.
oh cool
SF Fire CU. My credit card has a sloth on it, I rest my case.
Chuck Milligan of : we have no preconceived notions. We encourage all to enter into this with open minds.
I wonder how many guys pretend to be gay so they hang around Hott girls all day?
just give me that chance man. I'm in
well come over saturday morning
!!!! Everton tearing 'em up at Old Trafford. Golly.
give K my love! Drive home safe
How much assistance can you provide a person in need? Is this help effective?
don't know what I'm gonna do on 420 I'm in dc so this should be interesting
:((( are you going to go?
Your love is my drug <3
going great. What kind of projects have you been working on?
Lunch is at 12:15p with three minute lightning talks
Listening to Billy Joel...
I have a lot of work to do
Cool...thanks :) Currently open Friday-Sunday from 5pm-230am beside the Bricktown parking garage.
Or is everything I'm doing To Late....
Watchn television show 1000 ways to die
Another night shoot...who needs sleep?? I do damn it! LOL
Darn autocorrect, I meant to send "Be there in 5," it changed it to "I'm coming to kill you."
Transforming the corner store -- healthy food and safe neighborhoods. Possible. #Food Deserts
of course and I feel for it. I just never think it comes across the way you want it too
....good thing i wasn't pulled over cause that would've been the lamest excuse ever.
So, #oddneighbor finally had a window open today. Guess you have air a place out at some point.
#jhumda I'm so impressed with everyone's final projects!! It's been a great semester, everyone!!!
Lmfao..I don't like when people at REALLY GHETTO around me I get erk. Lmfao.
Is anyone running a book club via Pinterest?
#nowblastingwithPaige Rap Song - T-Pain
the entire episode of Hank being born in the ladies room of Yankee Stadium was brilliant
HOLY CRAP NO WIKIPEDIA!?! What was the #1 song the year of my birth? ....crickets....
I can't wait to have an office lol
Thanks for the RT! Cheers!
Yep, small world. I do know Dan.
Followed by the NBA, the worst professional sport!
So - less than 45 days to go until CES - things are really heating-up. That's why I'm up at 12:30am with my team in the UK & China.
anytime! Feel free to shoot any more Q's our way, looking fwd to seeing you at the Fanfest in June!
I live with NCIS and walker texas ranger reruns-24 hr NCIS marathon on now-
that place is badass! I've only had the pizza
Looking through all my old pictures and almost crying. This is gonna be harder than I thought. :(
perfect! He should win cuz well it's obvious.
Transformational Change is happening in AZ... <---Follow all please.
Got a pocket full o cash,,,what to do.
#Diabetes Diabetes Wound and Foot Care With diabetes, a simple cut or scrape can turn into a serious infection. Here’s what you need to kno
I didn't realize you were here! But now I see you, two rows ahead of me.
Did you answer the Trivia Tuesday question on our Facebook page? You can't win the prize if you don't play.
My life's a dramatic movie bruh.
That gym session <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
but it hurts worse than a slave beating
Yes! Thank you! RT Thankful to the universe for arranging the accidental lunch with , , and
yep... I hadn't had one of those in quite some time. it was good.
My brothers made the 2012 KMC little league junior all-star team. :) they're all such studs. I'm so proud of them. :)
Welcome to the twittersphere!
I'm just here to help, ma'am.
New! There are now separate shelves for men's shirts and T's! They're not the same... so they shouldn't be on the same shelf!
Splurge girl!! Lobster Club Sandwich!
How many brands are pulling the pre-emptive trigger today on their #Facebook #Timeline?
just one more reason to make him my hero
Lol, same here. Except my barbarian is named AngryAxeMan
You know who the Florida-UNF game needs, Josh Hamilton.
u stupid
nice work. looks like both you and Ted Thompson/#Packers had a successful weekend
Colorado smells like a campfire, reminds me of my senior campout.
Its nice to have a friend that will support all of your life ambitions & decisions even when you have some horrible ideas. Haha.
My brother just told me i look ratched and told my mom she aint bout that life He just turned ten
it does have a nice ring to it. “: Mrs. Kelly Kipnis sounds so nice #tribetweet”
If I vote for then that means I cant vote for you
Jus earned my credit back for algebra! Next time im turnin my shit in.
yeah, but I'm going to gauge room size before I go shopping. There's a Michaels by central park west
individual academic departments?
It was good 2 see my old coach Coach Lee :-) I missed haa Bt I'm mad she just flipped me outta my chair SMFH Lmfaoo Ms. Hicks say it's love.
It's quite ok now, My unicorn thinks I m amazing.
Brittaney Spears fans are all mad and sensitive because john legend made a comment about her singing..attacking him on twitter
Fayetteville has a lot more cultural depth than I expected. :P
Thank you for always giving me such encouraging words!
John Belluomini and it was two weeks ago we tried to call you but it just went to voice mail everytime...
thanks for the follow!!!
SWEET! just fine-tuned the combo! EXCITED for class! 430p MILL haha sorry for soo many tweets i just want peeps there.
Changing my name to Mush. Prepaid for gas at Enterprise at $3.61 and now gas has somehow dropped almost $0.20 in the last week.
Congrats to for beating Cena tonight !
I have that effect on people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Do you know what kind of auto insurance discounts you can get??? CALL ME AT 303-922-1001 ASK FOR DESI
May I motion to party? Do I hear a second? Anyone? Bueller?
RECESS!! Such a treat for Positive Tomorrows students on this beautiful day!
I hate New York giants,ya city yal city cool thou
You're gonna miss me baby hate to say I told u so
Massage can help relieve symptoms of depression, reduce anxiety, promote sleep and reduce pain
At and I saw the Buckminster Fuller exhibit and am a bit disappointed in the lack of info about the geodesic dome at Lake Merritt.
RT if you wish Austin was staying in San Antonio</3
Our Afternoon supplementary classes include American history through film, writing/speaking workshops and a class taught by Ms. Fulbright.
is it weird that I think I SMELL WINE wafting in through the window???
what about hairless UK wildcats?
awesome, thanks!
thanks for the follow,
I don't always slow cook braised brisket while working from home, but when I do I eat all the snacks like a shark with blood in the water.
Sick in bed, watching winnie the pooh. Fml, it's a beautiful day...
yes :\ very ugh lol
follow her, she is my rbbito<3
Can you RT. I have a ticket to the ASOB show in NY. It needs a good home. I can't go. I'm in a wedding. I live in Philly.
Aw okay, then I will just have to wait 'till we're together again so you can make me lovely food. :D
Happy Monday! What's getting you through this week?
Oi! I 2nd that! “: Folks, if you RT something I tweeted, please feel welcome to fix my typos. Save me from myself, I beg of you.”
suggested follow
once upon a time there was a <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD> and it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> on the <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>. the end<3
Thanks for everything bro!
Guess that song!
Miami crowd shouting "MVP", "MVP", as Norris Cole seals the game. I truly hate the Heat but ya gotta love Cole.
and why don't you two restructure yalls contracts so y'all can keep NOVACK and maybe get 2 other pieces
Something special just for our fans: Come in today and get 50% off anything in our case. Remember to mention twitter. :)
Welcome - East Middle School, Plymouth, MI - on School Library Exchange
yeah I will
Was it any good?
hehe. I'm realizing how violent the shows I watch are. Except Gossip Girl.
(disruptive = changing our lives materially and significantly)
Ask members do they plan to be members for life? Thats the goal.
Icing call against the sharks.
Looking at yourself in the mirror is only a reflection. To really see yourself you must look deep within!
How did I miss this? I've got this huge bag with balloons and foofi tissue paper sitting on my desk...
We wish all of the students at a happy last day of classes! Finals begin on Monday; good luck!
Congrats to Jamie Moyer in making the Rockies roster at 49. Good luck on the season. 33 wins from 300.
whats up how u been
that's what the buy is at the office. It's that or nothing. I was able to get them to order a sixer of IPA weekly now.
I return to you you bright and early tomorrow morning! I've missed you!
thx yo, I appreciate it. More coming, a whole free EP, on May 26
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Robert Miles - Dreamland
Thanks for following us on this bright fantastic Monday! Enjoy the rest of our evening.
Oh, my God. He is adorable.
Speaking of smiles: YOU'RE SMILE IS BEAUTIFUL<3
Glad you're liking the new Springpad! :)
RT : Tuned in to the Dove Awards patiently awaiting the performance of .... Love them.
Haven't been on twitter for about a week
Hold me, distract me, dress me up in bubbles baby. Save me from the troubles of my own skin.
After effects is my new best friend...got a project to turn in...next week positive thoughts I got this..
nope, I know what I think. I don't like it. I live across the street from a homeless shelter and this is a poor idea to be charitable
": Que mal me cai que todo los fucking NBA teams esto lo han cojido with wearing white in the playoffs. That's Miami shit #VPLP!
I am LOVING this season of #thevoice!
That's cus I Had to Save it as a Draft I had to go see what your twitter name was ..
#simonandgarfunkel Haven't heard a song I don't love
it was very good. For what it was :) Good to see you last night :)
I just need an escape from all of this. The setting's fine, but the people are shit.
Get an iPhone : My Phone sucks. So does Bobby Brown.
So which one of you is the mom, and who is the dad?
My promise to watch DVR'd shows with my wife tonight is in serious jeopardy.
Thanks so much!
They should grab the URL dumb.com while they're at it. RT : News: Nintendo files for a trademark for "It's On Like Donkey Kong".
2 years ago I used Great Country Farms. Wouldn't recommend them.
I got Doctor Who Season three in the mail today. Now, I can watch Blink as many times as I want.
In the past parties have not done this because they feared voter backlash. But Media has treated obstruction as normal politics
last I saw 3 radio stations have dropped Rush. Anymore today?
just saw a baptist church can. Should I chase after it for you?
I'll look for them when I get home from school. I have a bunch all over the place. But I can take the studs?
I want some MORE empanadas tell robby not to get locked out anymore!!! :p
I want you & you want me.. lets make this happen c;
Bouta Order Some Dominos, & Watch These Fights
She's the bomb .com
I think the prime reason for existence, for living in this world, is discovery.
you calling me fat?
[Interview] Why Song Seung Hun Started Communicating through Social Networks (1): "The time slip subject and the setting that a docto...
In the early 19th century “Cotton-Factors” provided much needed cash for businesses needing capital.
now takes #mobile deposits. I'm very excited!
A tent isn't secluded? Anyday you can get a massage outside with the waves lapping onto the beach is a good day in our book ;)
I don't like Mitt Romney, but don't involve his Mexican roots in this campaign. Please. ¬¬ irrelevant, insulting
I just saw that I am a '#Pioneer' on #CouchSurfing; please remember this when I request to surf furniture in a town near you.
"Kind words are never wasted. Like scattered seeds, they spring up in unexpected places."
phone died sorry babe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Welcome to the Bigs!
This may be the beginning of the end of my current employment. I hate looking for jobs. Hopefully, I can transfer within store/corp.
how I was suppose to kno lol
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
also as a result I think I have lost my long distance vision...
I am thinking about getting a 1985 Mosler Consulier GTP for a new car!
I swear I'm up to no good but love it
off to ride bella
Really enjoyed the show last night!! 29 years and u all still grooving like 1983. Tampa love #NE. Be blessed!!
finish your paper and we will have pizza on Tuesday to celebrate.
you get enough of my money from your incessant hardware upgrades. I will buy ebooks elsewhere until you change your greedy ways!
if I'm even here :/ but I can't do that
how's your audition book? a blog is a-coming today...
Dear models in facewash commercials, I honestly don't know anyone who can splash water on their face, smiling, with their eyes open.
that would be pretty cool! we need a high profile coach for free agents and media attention
morning sugar, hope you're doing well.
Yes! Just try to keep your head up. New opportunities will open up and you will find the right friends.
Eating brunch at The Midnight Dinner
"Clayton, being 133 years old, had witnessed everything from the suffrage movement to Women’s Lib to the proliferation of tramp stamps."
Way to go! Congrats on the mention in the Statesman. We love Hyde Park Bar and Grill!
as soon as I get to work I will :)
I know I am meant to go crazy. I guess it's just a matter of time now.
The rest is up to you. I'll meet you halfway.
Chicago Symphony Orchestra to tour Mexico, Asia - BusinessWeek
#Hydrocodone, why do you make me so sleepy and melo? Oh its because you're a narcotic! Gotchya!
Going to school an extra day to tell Noah bye(: yea, I'm stupid
first tweet and its about his ass? boo
OK did you come from a North Bronx slum and graduate Harvard with an Economics degree and then get a JD?
Prime, Coach Bobby here. I got word from Peter B that i may be coming to Texas to work with your Youth league soon.
Agreed. Troubled by hypocrisy of liberals who would cheer loudly if this were the Bush State Department.
I wanna grab your ass while i kiss you
My mom keeps telling me not to go to prom and that it's totally wack..she went to her prom in 70s...... lol
Not sure why I did this, but stayed up until 2:30a writing and then got up at 5:30a. I see much #coffee in my future.
Not to mention, I'm living next door to fucking #Mozart...stroking the damn keys around the clock
Easier than watching them in NYC.
I vow to only read the money&sports section of the news.. people are fucked up more and more everyday
you wanna fight about it?
Thank you all for helping us crowd source ideas about live chats. We are going to make these ideas reality
Michael Kors for Mother's Day #LoveIT#
That was a BUTThead move!
John Isner Pulls Out of Monte Carlo Master to Train More in Florida John Isner has been playing some great tennis of late, but he just an
There aren't enough Fridays in the week. Don't let this one go to waste - cebrate with a delicious Stout from our Spring Variety Pack.
Interesting line. Mortensen looks good.
“: If you had 1 billon dollars and spent $1,000 a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all.” That would be amazing !!!!
squishy!!!! #jellyfish I'll be a caterpillar. ;-)
That's the answer...
I wanna hit da hot tub & relax
It was a great Christmas until I opened my big mouth!!!!!!!!!!!
"The salesperson we worked with was very patient and straight forward. He made sure we understood everything. He was not pushy at all. We...
I've just spent two hours watching these pretenders. Time that I won't be able to get back. No more.
Amy about to get it in!
Traveling to DC next week to meet with a museum interested in virtualizing exhibitions
I'm self-centered. I always brag about myself and put myself first for anything I do
She can't see what's wrong with this...
Everything bro.. Better call that 1-800-Gambler Jack Hahaa
they're relentless.
Where did you #dance #overthesummer?
Cold weather is back, please consider donating blankets, socks. 3 NW Third Ave in PDX
Have a GREAT one!!
You don't want to know what dramatic reenactments look like on "Taiwan's Most Wanted."
Being annoyed&was about to punch someone in the face,but then I remembered,What Would Jesus Do?So I lit them on fire&sent them to Hell. >:D
im in a computer lab by myself and this one computer keeps making a sound #HELP!
can we do 3 cos i might go on tweetlimit :(
Welp, nice to see the Giants haven't changed much since the end of last season.
Just switched my trending topics from Washington to New York. There's something unsettling about the change.
Oh Yeah, the QUOTE - "It's too bad the people who really know how to run evrerything are busy cutting hair or driving taxis." George Burns.
O. Brisky is the bomb! I could spend months there.
“: We have a deep, inner craving in us that He (God) alone can fill. - James P. Gills”
and a few Arsenal season tix too.....
"Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence."
Is Marshall out as Reds' closer?
Im Excited 2 Watch Dis #Lakers Vs #Thunder Series I Think Its Gon Be A Great Series - I Got Lakers In 7
Another weekend of prom in Eugene. Fantastic. Wish were here.
she being so fucking petty i swear
Oh, I see. Mine is mostly numbers, I hate numbers.
G.morning tweeter
i miss our lunch times when we would call raymond,lmao :D
Experimented with baking this afternoon/evening/night/late night/early morning. Conclusion? MUCH longer process than expected.
The studio is a rockin!
NCAA messes me up. Rankings are jacked, then every team seems to get a bowl game??
Shout out to & for their very public #protest of #SOPA and #PIPA spread the fire! is on the fence, lets push!
it was so cute, girlfriend!
what kind of a person does that?
great looking forward to it!
Thanks! Really glad you liked it :)
Want to go to Dave and busters
What up tweeters?
hey i think ur there i just wanna say i might not be a part of u like which is great by the way but i am a fan
THE WINNER IS: wins the BIG PRIZE pack from ! Big congrats!
Diversity discounts now at Palm Springs Travelodge, Rio Azul Mexican Bar and Grill, Johnny Costa's Ristorante, AND Ontario Mills Mall!!!!
Time get ready for the party.
is that the Christian found footage horror flick? I think I read about it somewhere.
Really hope the #Brewers play Taylor Green everyday.
Welcome to Bluths bananas where bananas our business may I interest you in a banana dis day? - T-Bone
It feels like my body is refusing to wake up. Ugh. I don't want to wake up today.
Why is it that the night's I can never sleep always come before a 6am morning =(
followed them!!!!
#WaysToMakeMeHappy keeping your word.
Rushing is fear-based. Pause. Deep breath. Center yourself in trust.
NHRA stars to appear at SPEEDFEST - Topeka Capital Journal
You're welcome! We look forward to learning more about you!
Gifts that keep on giving - we got a surprise $2,500 for placing 8th in "Most Donors" on Give to the Max Day. You did this! Thank you!
I don't know what to do.. I don't even know if you're worth it.
trust me, this won't be a short series. The rangers NEVER make anything easy. Ever. Lol
Battle over jobs today. Gov. Walker says new data shows 50k more jobs added last year. Barrett says he's cooking the books.
You say your flaws but i dont see that
another one eh ? getting monotonous huh ?
I only gave out one high-five on my lunch run through campus today, but it was a good one.
good one 19 on 'nittny lyin'. Now get on the field and get that skirt chest ready to scoop grounders.
Eating pizza and watching lifetime (: Life couldn't get no better than this <3
A nigga cant even have a fuckin crumb off my plate
You're in Madison? Why didn't you let me hide in your suitcase? ;-)
Are you going to get married in Alaska? Or someplace else? (I think you're originally from the Midwest...am I right?)
Think it's obvious Zuckerberg got some much needed media training in time for his 60 Minutes interview. $ well spent for biz owners!
Politics aside, isn't it nice that jobs are coming back? Way to go, employers!
God...I wish you could just take this thorn away :/
wish I could sweet cheecks but I made plans :( but you me and nikki need to chill asap for real!!!!!!
suck my fat Dick an gag make sure u swallow wit yo fuckd up weave lol
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars Third-rounder G Will Rackley has beaten out veteran Jason Spitz for the starting left ...
We miss ya dude!
Thanks for the follow. I love when local twitters connect.
In honor of voting day, I am having a New Glarus #BlackTop to finish breakfast. I suppose I should mention I am at the waterpark this AM.
lol, well i'm laughing. :)
Love how Nadal creates firestorm and then wants it to go away on his terms. Not how it works in real world. Grow up.
Confession: I started dating a woman who is not punk. Therefore I will not be able to make it. I know how lame that is.
I love you! <3
I love that you're in my windows marketplace. Now if only I could get Words With Friends! :)
cool but comfortable :) a little damp, but not raining :)
One more class...ugh & I'm freezing <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Remember the mountain troll in the first Harry Potter? That's me right now.
Fans : "I love Austin Mahone!!" Mahomies : "I love Austy!!" See the difference?
Lucky you! Hope you're having a blast! I'm going to make it there one of these days.
Sweet service last night...expectant for this morning's session!
Great night in Somerset tonight! Humbled by the terrific turnout. Proof of just how broad-based and bipartisan this campaign has been.
Thanks to everyone at the MAKOS Spring Invitational Swim Meet at GMU - we loved serving you Maui Wowi smoothies!
Only at work an hour b4 I was told I could leave. Ahh its a good day.
Merry Christmas to for sending all those care packages to our troops.
Too bad I'm stuck here till 6:30 am.
#ThatMomentWhen the teacher gets mad and makes everybody work silently
RT : Search results are so much worse on mobile apps. Why? Am I being silly?
Thanks for the retweet!
ehh maybe a little.... okay A LOT HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love dancing in the rain.... but out here in tha desert we raindance...for some rain...
Thank you Josh! I love doing the Dennis Miller show. I have a lot of respect for how he supports our troops.
I LOVE they have endless ideas for materials & installation for that cutting edge design concepts. They are a designers dream!
Good Fuckn Morning (:
treat. yo. self.
I can't giv u what u want, when I don't kno what that is...
hmm. let me think.... secure storage for secret cash stash, perhaps?
im a christian, im a protestant, a Calvinist, im a follower of Christ.
: It looks gorgeous and fun. I have to do a presentation this weekend -- maybe I need to do it in HTML5rocks.
Thats pretty interesting.
Wish tomorrow would be Thursday.
No more networking. Good Night. #sleep. Busy day tomorrow! Full of recording musica.!
So glad to hear it! Thanks
I'm up spinning "Beer on the Table" on Froggy 104.9 in Frankfort, KY
I gave my best, it wasn't enough.
haha I miss you too. We definitely need to hang out! I was a strange kid 2 year ago. hahah.
Pedicure tomorrow, yes!
My baby is the Best <3
The Birthplace of Country Music Museum Should Get Tennessee Money
Okay..ahem #ParisHilton is not an artist of anything, especially music. Quit with the "new song" drama. Just spend ur money, silver spoon.
WELL did i tell you about the dude who had a dream i was knocked up.. and liked it? -.- smh.
Perfect weather for Golf today, but I'm tied to the whipping post rest of the day.
Good eating.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO LINCS FM
Happy Hour w/ , game, 8-11 Harold Betters Quartet, hockey. Full schedule
STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP. Teenagers, I swear. I'm a bad mom for making the kid clean up her room before she gets her ipod back.
i found it....... And threw it out
March Madness plus Raw Bar? Yes please.
Power was out all night. I'm back online now.
oh DM me k
that sounds cool, yeah I'm obsessed with ancient Rome very interesting stuff
I did that the other night!! It hurt!!
Stupid bitch!! lol
dats a shame did u ask wat y'all goin to c
no, I don't think so!
thanks for RT. have a great weekend!
: So I hear my Irish girls r doing a flashmob for CTS tomorrow in town?! Looking forwards to seeing the video for it girls :)
I shall be following you closely. Papa Joe
#sacscoc studying=memorizing for test, learning=understanding information
(kendall) hey liz! I'm so glad to be home how was flashpoint?
just be prepared to rebound (hint hint)
deputies still going through a flea market that was raided yesterday for counterfeit merchandise. latest coming up after football!
it's not a hatred, but creepy as a profile pic. People should ask to see them, not assume everyone wants to see it
you are absolutely right brother we got more work to do when you make it back to N.Y you still fam
The Year of Alabama Music! We have no shortage of talent or diversity! From W.C. Handy to Sun Ra and Toni Tennille! Listen at Hoole!
Need someone to create MIAMI STYLE WEBSITE. Doesn't DO anything. Totally superficial. VERY light content. But looks fantastic! Send samples.
Need plans for the weekend :)
“: A little drunk, and a little terrified from American Horror Story. Lethal combination.” i need to do this
it's held up well, she ripped one of the flaps off of Spot on the farm though.
I can't complain at all! Will you be around at the Net Impact event tomorrow?
Identify and hone your work that could become timeless [Quotables]
wow mega huge congrats, Luke!
What up giirrrlll??? How you been??
Osama is dead!!!
Research shows: Prolonged sitting is a risk factor for all-cause mortality, independent of physical activity.
Big win #Bruins back on top of the Division!
5 states, 2 hour difference, miles apart and my dad still knows how to make me smile(:
Been a lonely kinda weekend. Embracing my independence. Dogs, park, sun, book, snack, journal,smash.
this must be fixed!!
I think issues with Meebo's support eventually drive everyone mad.
Love hangin out with my brother and his friend... We ain't low!
Thanks for the retweet Joe. How we love your wines; enjoyed our visit to Oxnard so much. What's new in kosher Calif. vintages?
Just went out side and saw it was raining Smh just washed my ride today! I can't complain too much my wash was 3 dollars
Strategy for SocialMedia: 1) Listen. 2) Show you're listening. 3) Prove you listened.-- interviewed by at
Thanks for the RT! You guys rock.
"the greatest gift a father can give a child is to love their mother" - my father
Heading to New York to meet 5000 amazing firewalkers ....ready to transform lives.
In the studio with , cant wait to start practice for warped tour tomorrow!
Thank you!!! You are amazing...
judging/coaching meeting w/ #PSEConv - Good Luck students!!!
wales? say hi to that prince dude 4 me! :)
The neighbors have officially started complaining about the volume of music in this bar. "Regulators, mount up."
It's time for some health care facts...
Yikes. RT : That yonel Cespedes. One strong Cuban. Reminds me of me wish I can take home under my wing
Good morning lover! Ive #missed you =)
I want a Kitchen Aid mixer !!
yeah way to actually lobby before hand and now just show up with 2 hours to go
Very festive holiday wishes to you and yours from TPCo. Merry Christmas!
RT : The idea of fighting a 'culture war' has become, for me, a profound act of fear and unbelief.
"Men have forgotten this truth...but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed" A. de Saint-Exupery
I think you just have a show so you can take off clothing and show millions with out being a porn artist
okay! I live in avon now so were neighbors!!!
I went to see Contagion. Good movie, but we all got stuck in the theater for an hour afterwards... no one wanted to touch the door to exit!
Word!!! “: is the Only American Idol that can Sing "Queen" Like a King!”
Just bought my tickets for the Yankees-Orioles game on Tuesday with
I love ...Not coming from a mahomie but a friend...and im always here for him...always...:D <U+E022>
"Don't forget, there's somebody out there, waiting to see, what you're gonna write!" Trevor Gale
On Thurs., the Wisconsin Dept. of Workforce Development reported a loss of 4,300 private sector jobs in March 2012.
let's just say they try to fix me up daily, lol
#16MillionBeliebers?! Unbelievable! Great way to start the year! #TeamBieber. <33
well isn't simmer coming to cork soon?
Yes, happy about sale. :-) not happy about how rich former owner is but oh well
spit it diff getting more recognized everyday my the music community and industry.. more new song up soon. and new merchandise everday....
video shoot 2day 12thSt N.E. Come Show Luv
You're welcome! What's your team name? RT Thanks for the follow guys! See you on the 25th!
it happened again!!!! Chick we were just working non stop in LA :( I'm back next weekend short visit!!
Great day at the dealership, car is en route. Optima Hybrid loaded, black exterior & interior. Can't wait!
In the Nuremberg trials of alt rock radio, I'd be fine letting him escape to South America.
Google man was babbling about impressions/actions analytics... and I was like "uh, we aren't trying to get new customers, dude."
First newsletter with Weekly specials coming out next week - website isnt finished but let me know - FREE DELIVERY!!
we are excited to see you then!!! Good lunch on the LA tix!
I realized after tweeting the last thing, no matter how we put the next several lines, it wouldn't look right...
I AlReady Did :)
97% of visitors found my site when googling "blood spill"
What a dive by Callahan.
Marveling at the notion that grazing cows align themselves with magnetic north.
and you as well. sent you an email .
trust me girl you'll be begging for the SVC lesson plans back
Working on red cup stuff for some athletic offices. Facebook is telling to recruits. How many red cups are associated with your team?
Where's the hashtag during 30 Rock Live, NBC? The other channels provide them during shows.
Back in Texas now.oh the long day short night season is back
It helps in writing, not so much in revising. (That's why I let other people read for me & tell me what to change. #donttell)
Niggas always tryin to drink for free..
How do/will they assess learning results of using games?
He deserves it! #JazzBars RT Our very own just announced as #ABQ's first #PoetLaureate!
I'm done burning my discs, now when I get in someone's car I just jam to my music.
I'm always considered the asshole because I don't approve of fur
OH: "Oh asshole.."
I'm tan already!!! S/O to this Italian skin!
I actually did that Truth Is shit on fb it said one person liked it, but 15 people did and none of them being people I actually talk to.. :/
Go Hawks!
todays task: figure out how to make this statistical software create a new variable by using a large nested IF/THEN statement </nerd>
I absolutely LOVE Christmas music!! (well, i absolutely love all things Christmas haha)
There's only one thing left to do...
So we're done? Just like that?
lol be careful
Is it better to have love and lost..? Hm....
Oh why you so cute?
ive actually just finished my latest script now im just looking for a literary agent to represent me..are you an actor?
I hate to say it,Washington DC sports fans,but all ur teams suck.I should ve told yall ur Caps had no chance against the
It shouldn't be a struggle to hold a conversation
from my home in mke yes
So many cute girls from high school have married really funny looking dudes. They probably have money or something.
Derek Roy Scores to cut the Flyers lead to 2-1
Congratulations to on a #terrific opening night of #princessand thegoblin
Life Flows, Share It via
sadly nothing, just sitting at home being sick :/ what about you? :)
"I wasn't that drunk." Dude! You were asking my cat why he killed Mufasa.
That was an easy 2
try apple cider vinegar
OMG AW "hear that we made her life! woo!" lmao so cute i cant even :)
Jersey bound
Eric and Kelli are pissing me off with their similar tweets... I hope yall see this lol
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie music online store!
Being in detroit I'm guessing a chrysler millennium?
Ya'll already know that is a huge Ranger fan!
worst. allergies. ever.
Me on a flight: read for 5min. Sleep for 4hrs. Read for 5min. Land
favorite William Powell movie? He's a family favorite. Also, unrelated, do you still enjoy Bowfinger?
Tips for Churchill Race 3: Windsurfer(4) and Golden Ticket(5).
oh. my. god. Savan's tweets hahahahahahah
beautiful evening for sunset pattern work. Not busy ... need 1 more x-cty before the FAA checkride. Are you flying this weekend?
“: The office diversity training episode”lol
#InstantTurnOn a guy who ambitious !
Mad genius scientist has gone rogue in the Amazon jungle...or has she? State of Wonder by Ann Patchett,
RT : BWI is the best airport of its size in the world, according to a recent survey.
We're next
I have not heard of your music yet. I just checked your link and myspace acct inactive
Sometimes it's nice to have a lazy Sunday just sitting around reading a good book.
come to our general body meeting tomm have a little surprise for you all (-=
Should be interesting to see what Apple has to say tomorrow about plans for its massive $100B+ cash hoard in much-anticipated announcements.
Marquette finishes strong - 54 tied for first
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're doing well!
I'm breaking up with SunChips. I want biodegradable. Plastic bags in landfills are worse.
America competing in the global market with electronics and cars
Can we please have an award show without Taylor Swift.
We do! RT : Love Maryland history? Maryland treasures? So you'll like what we're unveiling in 10 minutes, NOON.
#IamAStanBecause He's perverted and crazy
Why do so many apes in zoos develop heart disease?
Please wish my friend happy sweet 16 today :)
Ex-#Brewer Bill Hall is back in the major leagues... Baltimore, to be exact.
Looking forward to testing some new recipes this weekend
its not chelsea guys. c'mon
go gophers?
I've literally spent years being quiet on this Twitter. Now, I dare anyone to shut me up. LOLOLOL OutPast30 is back with a vengeance, Yo!!!
I like to read, only there are not enough books in the world :)
DJ Beach tonight at Chi Cha!
Thanks for the shout out!
Only if I can play the rusty trombone...
Re: Eval Process: How was the process/tool created? How was coherent, cohesive PD Plan created?
#NP- The Roots feat. Common - Act too (Love of my life)
Thx for the K+!
Josh Koscheck Shows His Mansion And Cars Off!! (video)
I've been getting email spam that just contains an inspirational quote. It's like a fortune cookie, except without the orange beef and shame
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when ppl smile in your face and talk about you behind your back
yo what happen?
As a teacher, the best I've heard was: "The police discovered grandma's crop so we had to go to court yesterday."
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. Flip Wilson
Delayed, SEA --> SFO though feeling very zenith about it.
“: “: cheat day is it? LOL” omg... I'm so ashamed lol. Almost took with me! Lol” Busted!!
Get these lame niggas off stage
good luck sir
How many balls have been lost to the catwalk at Tropicana this season? cc
you look pretty!!!! like always you could be a princess!
• Yeah but he should have blocked the plate instead of letting him slide home.
Amen to ending the Chiefs version of the SSB. Always thought that was inappropriate - and SO '00's.
Excited bc Is going to do More YouTube videos
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! THX 4 THE FOLLOW! PPL FOLLOW THEM! THEY HAVE 100% SWAG
I LOVE you
omg, nick, i was like 0.o that's rude!
World: I have finished my grading. Let's celebrate.
You were made to be courageous!
Loved that show when I was growing up, at least the first few seasons.
not at all... && i work to hard for whats mine!
go for it! :D We need our Fayana, and a sex scene as well lolz xD
you should come to new york :)
Why are people gettin mad because they passed to blake? he was the only one open
got bad reviews...looks like a rental.
The music industry needs to stop recycling the same repetitive pop bullshit every year. I heard this song in 99 and every Spring since.
r we still down 4 the studio this Tuesday ~?
Walking and talking with from about utilizing twitter as non-profit execs.
honestly, I didn't know that! I'm not much of a cook or baker, but I can make a mean Hamburger Helper, tho! lol
Good look mayne
love the national anthem at the blackhawks!!
Is there anyone else who is in love with One Direction???
Hi Have you started offering vegan cheese? Because I know a bunch of folks who would stop by when you do! :)
but you wont listen to btr's album and its been out for months ):
is a hoe:)
Eating a donut at Alpha Donuts for the release of Matvei Yankelevich's Alpha Donut.
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
good times ;-D
I feel sick :[
oh sorry, i meant to tease both stories for our news at 10
So happy #TeamXtina is bringing the beautiful style of Opera back!!! Love you Xx
Watching the new Kevin Hart this dude is the next Richard Pryor he is up there with the greats!
The best part about being home is unlimited salt supplies
Thanks!!! It's been fun!
Long night. Good thing i didn't have school today
“: Is it true Rose tore ACL and MCL.” no
I'd want Rickey!
I may be a bit rusty, but if the world ever needs me to climb into a triangle and shoot asteroids, I'm ready
History is-a made at night. Character is what you are in the dark. ~ Doctor Emilio Lizardo
Dynamically stuck.
he was?!
restless sleep sleep up every 2-3hrs to P. early riser never cud sleep in!
Listening to KPOP in ryan's car! Like a boss!
We gotta go with & believe the game is decided by less than TD..O/U of 35.5 is close call, but we'll
Has found a perfect space..
extra 10 actually :P hour each night of the week and 5 on Saturdays.
IM REALLY STARTING TO GET ANNOYED WIF PEOPLE THAT AHVE NO LIFE AND ALL THEY CAN DO IS GO ON TWITTER AND TALK FOR HOURS ABOUT 1D..... UGH
have you seen Best Friends Forever?
#RupertMurdoch accused of "willfull blindness" being "not fit" having "misled" time to shut it down & return to Journalism & integrity
Checking out "The Writing Weekend in Review" from 's Lyla Campbell
Pip pip!
My day was perfect ... Until I got home.
I don't need this from you.
Pedestrians with bats (Softball team) advances to championship game. Score of playoff game 17-1
Re-reading Daughters of Caliban: Caribbean Women in the Twentieth Century Ed. Consuelo Lopez Springfield
When you see a person cross the road do think, brake? Or 25 points?
If you follow Ukeycheyma on MySpace send us and @ response and we will list you here on Twitter as a myspace follower
i hope so!
Hey I Love your song All Day!(:
Omg last JERZday next week. :( do you think there's gunna be another season? I really hope so..
<U+263A>Enjoy life today, yesterday is gone and tomorow may never come...
finna hop on call of duty
Writing tip of the day: use a consistent sentence structure for ALL bullet points in a list.
Even If I Had A Million Reasons To Leave, I Would Look For One To Stay
'Between a nug and a soft place' couldn't wait til #puffpuffpasstuesdays had to tell you now. who's winning the ncaa 'ship?
RT : At #WON12, leaders report signs of progress, call for collaboration and more intensive efforts to address...
Made it to see Wedding Belles on Saturday. So great! Loved the house and gardens too. So beautiful!
never had that, but sounds amazing!
I love your song! Keep it up :D
aw don't be
Turner answers with an unearned run in the second and we r tied 1-1
How did I even wake up this morning?
she's a joker and gets it a lot so she probably would have messed with u and pretended to be me for a min
CCPE conducts book drive for children and young adult books! Bring them by today!
twitter twitter
r u asking me a question
Still working on it. Hopefully a lot more in the next couple months. Been focused on other things lately...
I really need to stop the afternoon naps ugh...
think he'll slip
I'm in the same room as Eli manning. Pats fans should I assassinate him?
tweeting that is, saw an article about "wayward tweets" ha!
hi ck us out we have a song for u.
calls me at 1:46am to tell me it's Justin Bieber's birthday
Pumped to see get punk'd tonight.
Did you notice that you now need armed guards to tour Organpipe National Monument because the Drug Cartels control it? Great job Napolitano.
That would be crazy............crazy in love with the woods, that is.
playing a bad guy is not a stretch for dan. How about a gay football player with a obsession with cyclist?
It's Going to be A real Hot one today, Drink Liquids if your outside in that Sun...
"The vitamin string quartet" are amazing!!!
I wanna know your name name name....
I'm pretty sure I know that you know that I know it
Had a great weekend. Now back to this day job....
These fucking pinwheels my dad cooked >>>>>>>
nice...hope we play well...i think we will
You know you're a girl if you had seen Mean Girls before.
Time for a shower. After cleaning my house I kinda need it.
lemme get the keys ill go now.
The Man.... Joey Votto
So thankful for everything I got this year for Christmas. I received way more than I asked for & deserved. Love my family. :)
Tonight at 6:30: on typeface design, his work, and !
All right. Let's get to work! Got some sweeping to do.
"Kindness is the gateway to communication"
Need tools for linked data, bridge gap between catalogers/metadata mgrs and programmers/coders
This Friday is #CustomerAppreciation Night!! B/c of you loyal tweeps we're throwing a 1 nite bash w/ #FREE Admission for Everyone!!
Took a valium laying in bed watching sweeney todd trying to sleep :(
- oh yeah, Cbus and down to Lake Cumberland for some tubin' and waverunnin'
Karaoked for the first time last night *checks off bucketlist*
your drawing today was beautiful... you should really become an artist LMFAO
i feel like i'll always be second best.
yes, I love when other people are having shitty times as well as myself.
for real! I'm pretty sure it's made up and they just put stuff on the sidewalks to trick people
i'm starting to get pissed bev!!!! Heather is going down!
Dude thinks he's so badass for riding backseat of his friend's car.
I'll say it again ALL THE GREATS put in work at some point, Thats the #KillerInstinct Lebron lacks...along with a ring lol
Lovely! Sounds luminating!
Seriously so fine...
I've almost hit 3 animals on this 10 min drive
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Are you reading my tweets? Okay, good. Just making sure;)
WMC....when did music sound like a microwave fighting a refrigerator using pots and spraying static at each other....wtf? Bekay
from that interview, it sounds like he could go someplace that could teach him how to read and speak english
Nosing (verb)- putting your nose on somebody in public w/o them noticing
If you learn about something cool in NYC from traditional media, it's already over. Same goes for bands and concerts...
Mike you and I are going though similar journeys. Good luck man!
Remember: There are no "former Aggies" -- only former Aggie football coaches.
miss you joseph
oh hell yes. I've never seen Bad Brains live, I am embarassed to say.
Oh how I missed you :3
We have a pretty delicious speakeasy drink list going right now, and always willing to take suggestions
Working with teachers on their #donorschoose projects. Thanks
Okay so plan A didn't work, what's plan B? Sometimes I feel like our country is just lost...
I love you ! ~ #AprilFools!
God morning #thatcampva12!! It's a lovely day for camp.
Thanks #glee for performing a #kellyclarkson song!!
Anyone in/around NYC tonight and want to meet up?
Study of thunderstorm effects on upper atmosphere, climate
i cant see that you meannny >:(
not sure I offer much in the "potent quotables" category, but glad you like my name...
Hi Marc, I would love to have you on m radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
Cinco de mayo is saturday! Where is the best place to get Mexican food in the DC area?
Yes. She was engaged; got dumped; now SHE'S BACK.
I always ask my dentist for more than just one complimentary spool. If in a pinch, try a stretched out piece of plastic bag.
Haha yes. The dude actually headbutted me. A very sad, poor, and weak man.
DAMN STRAIGHT
Don't reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen. Always sound advice.
Summer 1 for me. Bummer. It'd be a great time 2start a summer lunch group! RT : nope just summer 2 how about you?
Boys that can dance. >>>
Waiting on for lunch as usual. But I'm outside so I don't mind for once.
Hey Justin, You should join the #WASFAA Federal Issues Committee :)
#welcometonap Home of JenoLo Clothing! Indy ProAm happening 2night...best balling talent in the USA
last tweet...soon they'll be stealing from aada too...
Well I guess I'll go to bed now
First day teaching in the galleries! Favorite kids = the ones who don't sit on the art
Today's special relationship word is PRAISE
Help-Portrait: offering photos to less fortunate Dec.11th from 3-6pm. Holy Grounds Cafe @ Eastbrook Church 5409 N. Green Bay Ave, Milwaukee
Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldnt have… And then I end up effin’ with someone I shouldn’t have
so much truth in that statement!
sak passe? To you too Ha!
Seek peace online though art and words for 9-11.
Russell Brand testifies as a blind woman inside China's secretive U.N. leadership?
CAPSEE Director Thomas Bailey expresses confidence in states' ability to learn from each other, pursue productive methodological discussions
Tonight proved to me that I'm still to young for some things and I don't think I want to grow up just yet
Speaking today on the Mind Behind White Collar Crime at UT Dallas Naveen Jindal School of Management’s 7th annual Fraud Summit. Go Crowe!
not when it start... Bit it came just in time
True enough. Dr. Ralph exudes integrity, authenticity, and self-awareness. But, I'd rather hear the phonebook recited
Don't bother talking to the same person twice. They're just going to repeat themselves.
did you see the tracklist for 's CD? =P
the guy that likes me on this thing called field day we have, we had to do tug of war & he was in front of me I was like
W.T.F no service again!!!!!
hopefully i get the full zoom lense(;
WATCHING YOU GUYS RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW <3 !
you got me. Go Kentucky! You're at the game right?
what it do fam!!??
i think im homesick. o:
So ready for Packers Football!
Las Vegas Boulevard is closed this morning, so access to the museum can be found via Veterans Memorial Drive. Thank you.
I heard it was 80 degrees today in Charleston & beautiful. Hope you all got in some good beach time. Wish I was there.
It took me so long to get my internet working, and just as I did, I went to the page and it said the live chat had already ended:(
Miller: fundamental rethinking needed fir lub data to be used in wide range of applications; currently high barriers to sharing
sorry, little spoon
but I want magic shoes that will do that for me!!!
#Imagine Creation- Dark matter stretched out across God's canvas... but He saw a garden of vast beautiful life.
everything is....for a price. :-/
i'm naming my first-born abby oklahoma joe's bemis no matter the gender.
Went to the UFL Mountain Lion scrimmage tonight to watch Scott play. It's crazy but cool to see him running around the field again.
What are your #NewYearsEve plans?
I think I'm gonna start calling rolling papers 'Angel Wings'.
LOL They Wild
Last performance today ! <3
Sometimes when... you loose your way, It's really just as well, because you find yourself... that's when you find yourself - Brad Paisley.
131461112 we've never talked before, but that should change. i like your account
I fully believe I'm dead by age 50-60. Heck I'd say 75% of my generation will be too, if the world doesn't end before then. Lol
I bet everyone is having an epileptic seizure right now
Busy day with our DP and AD going over shot lists and scouting locations. 13 days to shooting!!
Boo, orthodontist. :(
It's opening night for the Columbus Clippers! Who is headed to the ballpark tonight?
I think is Talk amongst yourselves.
When you become a legend, pants just fit better.
that made my week.
Your not alone for the dreaded QLC! Check out the 4 girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com for some inspiration! :)
My daddy Vaughn Braithwaite will always and forever be My father :)
Today's Fat Tuesday ... which means tomorrow is 1st day of Lent. Are you giving up anything?
So eating more lemon cake ISN'T the same thing as writing a paper?
thanks girl<3333 love you
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to getting for you.
Need some emergency moving help in Portland, Oregon tomorrow AM in NE PDX. If you can help, please email us at . THX!
Can't believe there's going to be 8 keynotes at #codcon12!
Bible !! Some people should not even own dogs !! Your dog is dying and you can't even take meds home :/
Absolutely super talk by Pamela Samuelson of #eff at Rice U re Google Books failure and next steps!
I'm not worried about it.
yes...yes you are.
More thunderstorms!!! I love it.... Watching the rain fall with a drink in hand - there goes this Sat night!
Yes it is! Can't wait!
Leading physiatrists says: if your love of Instagram is reduced by Facebook's acquisition, you probably need to get a life.
Missing my Jacob, but I know Mexico is treating him well.
oh you know i will
It's difficult to judge a hotel...different people have different opinions. People should stay at Hotel Del to decide 4 themself
I just can't get over anyone else? He's just amazing and I hope one day he finds a girl as amazing as him :)
A new 36 Percent Project logo and site are underway! Stay tuned!
Heading to Licking Co where authorities are tracking possible sightings of the Zanesville exotic animals
On that struggle bus with , & ! Anyone want a no drip cup?
Maybe more an oxymoron than a romance series? New #collectiondevelopment data: No circ at all for reality-based romances.
you already know. I can sleep when I die. So for now,
#NowPlaying On My Mind by <U+2665>
Thanks Mark! We appreciate your help and can't wait for this weekend!
When the results of your faith seem slow, don't give up! keep putting the word first with patience and you will receive the promise of God!
party people! have you seen any top notch websites recently that i should know about? grazing the internets for
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
Wow.The faster I read, the easier it is to pay attention. Why didnt I figure this out 13years ago when I started my reading career
Ok well Daron just stole my heart.
So proud of my arts journalism students who threw a great event for 20 artists, testing live v real audience engagement
they should have brought in someone to handle her and not kick her off
better tell me who this is lol
Give Mr. Bill Bellamy a shout out from Sean E. Cooper Multi-Talented Comedy Impressionist from Las Vegas Luxor Hotel Fantasy show
Thankful for the heart at which love & encourage pastors! As well as how they love me & !!!
": fb"Huh? R U asking for my FB or r we friends already???
Finished great week with John Martin consulting. Ideas schmideas. We got work to do.
All diets work and all diets stink. You will decide whether yours will work.
f..king wow
o ok. that was common sense. GBR.
(and anybody else who is wondering!!)...working on new songs! Wrote yesterday with my good friend Carolyn Dawn Johnson!
Just bombed the Biology Quiz... And it was open note
lmao i love how you already knew who that was about (': mwah
Toured the Harvard Film Archive today with
Say "beer can" in a British accent. Yupp, I just taught you how to say bacon in a Jamaican accent! (:
well they get two votes so you are outnumbered
Maybe if catches us #WatchingCommunityTonite with its #Dreamatorium episode we'll win a hoodie.
is going to have fun later today.
I am too. At least you have a good reason.. :/
Thanks to Sisero, Dimension Cuatro, Conciencia Total and Insignia hds for adding a lil flavor to the Beer Co stage!
well im sorry if i'm such a busy woman. haha!
RT Bummed psycho Spangler is over and out.
#oneanddone indeed...but hey I like her style #sexualreference cant wait to see you saturday
>>yeaaap working at this very min..very soon
": : but in doing that, they lost fans who really liked reyes." Yes they did. Again ungrateful bastards.
shoot, saw this after I ate lunch... might have to consider it for dinner :) Thanks for the heads up!
Sorry to that girl who don't know what love means
some of these same fools were screaming money team last nite. Mayweather going to jail for hittin a woman. Nobody talks about that.
Barely getting ready for banquet :b
I'm always ready for more trainwrecks...bring on Eddie
Up early in the morning,yelling to my neighbors like what's up
Ok thx to BBs movie I have 2 girls crying on my shirt wtf snot sex
your an AMAZING singer! you need to get signed by someone! by late 2011 or early 2012 a record label will find u! ima MAHOMIE!
#vabedraces ready to go!!!
When is the #FireGDF tag going to become en vogue?
Bari Sax is where it's at! OH MY GOD, having way too much fun...
A Review of the Best Natural Breast Enhancement Products?
PLEASE FALLOW ME!!! ( jazmyne i did that on purpose)
Feathers...just a fad or here to stay?
With the convergence of the Knicks implosion, the trade deadline and March Madness, Twitter just might blow up today.
Thank God!! RT : Police say the missing 9-year-old girl has been found and is safe with a family member.
which rock star did jennifer nettles have a #1 hit song with? tweet me back with the answer...random draw at 5pm of all the correct answers
but..but I like it slave
some days i wish we were all children again, cause then we would still be colorblind.
wish u the best sir. Keep me posted.
Had the BEST Facetime chat with my amazing college bestie tonight. So fun to see her again. #sistahsforever xoxo
today is only day 3 for me and I'm not wanting to kill everyone
Dang!! I dressed up again and we didn't have too... I have got to start paying attention!
Great job on the EPT stream bud. GL in Barcelona
LolI guess so.. I live in NY I would be lucky if I ever get to see a glimpse of him(:
Michael the slacker-looking rehab counselor with long hair who looks like Ashton Kutcher at his worst: Never in a million yrs.
And my computer/Internet nerd skills pay off when I figure out how to watch a live feed of nba finals on my computer.
That was an exciting first period hang in there boys!
very cool! I love Duluth (Duluth Pack and Split Rock) If u make it to Madison, let me know. I'll get lunch
and you’ll do it despite rejection and the worst odds and it will be better than anything else you can imagine.
I thought DT took you out to do some turf grass research #hedoeslovehis"boardmeetings"
We are working Sat.
Its called a Cloud or a Horde. I like Horde, myself. =]
okay, so when do we open this shop? :)
Happy..Birthday..Sis...love u!!
this. guy lol
Vote for me!! I answer the phones ... so a vote for me gets you closer to Barney tickets. :)
I'm ready to see clouds moving really fast across the sky in movies again.
Watching dvd of Jr Lady Aces vs Carlyle what a game #3 awesome as 8th grader
Our First Friday opening is actually on First Thursday, as in tomorrow night. Reception for our SUPER exhibit, 10 Yards, is 5-9. Come by!
thanks for the RT!
today is gunna be an annoying day, i can feel it
I never knew they had one. Lol
your set to go
So angry with myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Gretchen from the Real Housewives of Orange County just confirmed! She's going to be on Twin Cities Live tomorrow at 3pm on channel 5!
why thank you.. check us out on facebook.com/theslidersmusic and keep in touch!!
I work hard to get that industry quality sound, ain't no stoping me!
RIP Junior Seau
Good ol' giving the R2i guys some manly fashion advice yesterday. Black sox & sandals. ( )
when a good thing goes bad its not the end of the world!!!
#kids Cutting-Edge, Money-Saving Couponing Class at Norris Conference Centers-Fort Worth/Sundance Square, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Learn...
Sent out some posters this week! Check your mail!
wait u sent it on twitter right?
Sigh. So true.
I think definitely. It can be GaGa themed. We'll have glitter.
Thinking that's it's weird when your classmates tell you that you're really flexible because in class you feel like everyone else is better.
can i get a shout out?!
Be sure to follow us ag and LIKE us on FB. We’ll post this chat transcript there www.facebook.com/achieveglobal
You would come back to MKE and not see people.
As long as you are enjoying! Too much work to get ready for Ag Day to sneak out today.
WHEN WILL YOU POST ANOTHER VIDEO ON YOUTUBE?? /:
So it's not? LOL
I just bumped that whole mixtape at the gym brahhhhhhhhhhh
Thanks Tweetie!! Appreciate that!
i hate that. i never considered myself pretty, but i never consider myself uglyy.
Just saw a UMASS Dartmouth sign thing...
Crestline Homes will not be in this year's Homearama. I'd like to see more of a housing recovery before taking that risk!
#milwaukeebeerweek festivities continue! Stop a Wolskis tonight 8-10 for free samples of Witty White Wheat.... Happy Thursday!
Cause Quetta didnt want to go.
ur ass too
We've been kinda under the radar recently, but don't worry! New EVERYTHING coming soon! Just knocked out a killer bass track! Stay tuned!
“: Whoa jet lag #help #needsleep” agreed , this day is a struggle!
haha they're not ready for it. are you the one who downloaded my song?
Had a dream last night with John Mayer. He told me he "wears condoms 24/7, cuz you just gotta be ready, man."
15 burpees NOW! “: i should i almost did a crunch last night ALMOST!!”
lmfaoo this is so so amazing! I need Robert to follow me so we can officially be twins haha. ;D
i know it's weird this weekend without me there. but i know you'll find a way to work through the pain. the show must go on.
usually a woman claims she has a type of intuition & that thing what you call strong luv turns 2 crazy lady
RT I want my drum programming to be on some other ish!! like murderous. so yeah. thats why I study. <- I can help wit that.
I hate being hydrated because you spend your entire day peeing
I'm not an asshole I just don't give a fuck.
HAHAHAH it's better than a Yankee sticker
Maybe we should focus more on critical thinking skills and less on standardized testing? How do we incentive quality teaching?
hey you. IG owns my brain now. I check this once week?
I'm taking the day off . . .yes, I know it's shocking!
everything you say is unbridled stupidly ... The broncos have a below a average ... Tell that to Miller doom and bailey
Justin's last tweet got me so happy i was speachless. I just stood there staring at the tweet omg this dude. Haha
me either! I also can't wear green.
and I approve of your new kit's boob lasers!
LOL me too
#ALA2011 Attending ALA Virtual Conference 2011 and listening to keynoter danah boyd on Privacy in an Era of Social Media
Craving California Rolls...
In an amphitheater full of SD's dance community for the first time in years ... inspired. FUSION 2011 at UCSD Rimac Arena. Good times.
anyway.. hope to see the real you soon :)
Lost a lot of followers, who wants to be followed?
#TeamVic taking the pressure from all sides! #GIANTS need to provide the defense to get him in the end zone. Crazy
Lovin this #Hoodie weather
- I like, thanks!
Ladies LOVE country BOYS!! <U+E328><U+E022><U+E41C>
RT : .: The faceless PR professional is going away. You need a face to be credible
Everybody in your life can't handle the anointing on your life...
Nice start for the Bears! Still gonna be a tough game.
of course!!
Bitch, can you not read ?
Today is my last day at Yale after 13 years. Wow, feels unbelievable.
---> ! : The #Bulls training staff has just cleared Taj to run a marathon
Are you #stoned yet?
Michele + Carter + Bed - Protection = PERFECTION<3
obessed with take care by drake an rihanna favorite song an without u
Health chief: We have never wanted &#39;drinking kills&#39; labels (News)
Talk about dedication: 's delivery driver got my lost suitcase to me last night at 1am in a Colorado blizzard. Thanks!
That's awesome. \m/
Work tomorrow and Tuesday hope this is not a new tradition my district starts.
By this time next year I will be working 9 jobs and failing at least at three of them. Catching up on years of grading.
Yay!!! i finally got an IPOD TOUCH!!!!!!
GOOD MORNING, DC!! Visit Art Under Pressure today and make this Gray Day - a COLORFUL ONE! 4807 Georgia Ave. NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20011
praise the Lord!!!!
Folks, if we win this game we go to *finals* of Big 12 Tourn. Wherever you are, pls send *all of your Hook Em Horns mojo* to our team!
A super nice posting by Melina at Peace Industry, about my BF's gorgeous Monterey cypress slab tables: blog.peaceindustry.com
Yo u balled out 2night keep doing ur thing no silly fouls n driving it to da hole #HeatNation 4life
Its nights like these, where its cool and collected and the sky is clear, that make my anticipation for June 14th to come faster.
my mom is a librarian. #solidarity. in unrelated news, i'm visiting SF in a month.
Tracking backing vocals went great today. We also tracked guitars. Liz rocked producing today with our guest singer.
Man 's New music video for "Two Up" is off the chain!! Must see crazy video. Great job bro!!
Note to all...if ever visiting the projects of BK...DON'T GO TO THE ROOF...def almost got arrested today...
you scared me for a second there ya mama u r so energetic about mars!*_*
Ch.9 Indeterminate was created to take what into consideration?
Anyone with Google+ invites willing to share one with someone that would truly appreciate it?
Michael Myers Is scary! No joke .
I know my move for today :) ..
your mouth or the sunroof :)
So im totally loving the show
still, go back to your Harold face!
Good food, good drink, good company at Justine's
btw I love his ears lol :)
Just discovered the media buttons on my keyboard control Spotify.
Nice night. Thx U
Dang looks like shoulda bought a lottery ticket.
#Remodeling puts you in a position to be ripped off and inconvenienced. I show people how to avoid both and to achieve excellence for less
I would, but I don't have cell phone bars!
I Thank i have the Best Followers on Twitter
what ones what 3 women would you invite to be members at Augusta to complete your foursome?
wow icant believe you would say tha
Do you know how many people can name all 10 commandments? Not Many.
So does this put the CEO of Lehman Brothers back to the top of the FBIs most wanted list?
SIX WEEKS UNTIL THE BEACH!!!!!!
Thank you so much! It was tough to keep up with all the comments, publisher notes and requests, but the shows should only get better!
They are going up as we speak. :) Links soon!
glad you had a good time, we loved having you!
I love The Shins. Good, springtime music. RT : in my happy place... listening to The Shins
Weird how my verbal skills have gone in the dumpster
Everyone just started singing the Pokemon theme song. Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
i think that should be the official nickname of Wednesday
Hi Jo!!! Thanks so much for following Michelle and I and thanks so much for the best wedding photos ever! Gary
Wearing fake Willie Nelson braids today.
TY v much! I'm here anytime! Let me know how I can b of help! Lking fwd 2 it!
Blkmen dating white women is come up.
buddy holly
Jake, youtube is doing a live broadcast of Coachella. They're up next.
can you tell your boys to follow me please?<3
yep it is definitely NANDOS :3
Almost as sad as the number of people who actually care.
There is a tremendous knowledge base shared by all the cities & especially from those who did past years.
Almost missed the operations meeting cause I was listening to Death Grips too loud in my office.
S/O to all my new followers!!!!
Knicks lose, guess Jeremy Lin isn't walking through that door. Those 15 minutes went by quick.
Always a good "Plan B" option! ;-)
About to hit at Beer Geeks. You know any place with a mural of Spock drinking a beer is alright with me.
« These are wonderful people to follow: »
gota go bac to sleep im so tired i need three more followers till 200 com on ha ha nite nite every1
I have no time for people who make no time for me. #justsaying :D
Really nice shoot featuring emily blunt
Abused today by the masseuse - and it hurt so god!
So perhaps you need the right coffee in moderation.
Asheru and Wax ! You forgot them
Have we mentioned that The Cat's Meow will be back tonight for our bi-monthly $15 manicure+martini special at ? Manis 10-1am!
Great show tonight! You we be missed Ryan Shaw! Hope everyone had fun!
i know! so nice. sitting here teary-eyed at how sweet they are
Dear CPD, if you must run a red light, please flash your lights and siren. I would prefer to make it across the street unmaimed.
let me host a mixtape for central texas
What I do? RT What you wanna do is hush -_-
Hi! What's the process for creating the apps? How do you choose what to focus on?
If puts any advice articles on their front page for new graduates the number one tip better be "don't lie on your resume."
At OSG setting up for some IOS app development
every day
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it. ~William Arthur Ward~
Thanks a lot! and thank you very much. You're awesome too
Waiting to get home. Tired is an understatement.
LOO here we go!!!!! Lol RT : Serena Williams should release a sex tape..no more rappin for u boo boo
Opera Goers! Don't forget to check in on 4sq tonight!
if i was a bunny & i wanted to bang bunnies, i'd bang lola!
Could of been inlove by now if it wasn't for him
Hi...this is Kelly joining in from Cincinnati. I'm a high school U.S. & World History teacher. Great to be here!
Digging the work vibe
Gonna get through this day with some good ol' Bitch Magnet, or maybe even the Digits. Something mid-range and harsh, I know that much.
dropped by the other day .w/ johnnie B..but you were out and about!
Support milwaukee county parks, restaurants under the domes. Tonight 6:30 to 9pm.
Lol! I know I'm mad late
that it does my friend
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing."
Somebody went a bit too far Yonder.
im so tired this morining ....imma be falling to sleep in classes.
so we ar emarried now? cause hunny you wont win :P
You changed a genius Wes Anderson-esque username to this? ..mer...merrr.....
What an anniversary! Partied w/amazing musicians in Nashville, came home & taught #yoga to 80 yogis &now hubby is cooking!
Par for the course. #evenworse RT : A nine iron off Josh Beckett.
So I was thinking about defriending a lot of people on facebook...then I found out defriending led to a double murder. I guess i'll keep em
What day is today? Ugh, I hate it when that happens.
We <3 our moms! Moms get FREE General Admission or discounted $22 tickets to #Titanic this Mother’s Day with paid child admission!
Barnes & Noble Launches Nook Tablet
Tonight is our last night & we are OPEN for you with Amazing Savings. We are selling historic autographed pieces of Outwrite Authors wall.
ok due to rain delay watching first NHL game in a few years, 5-1 Boston in Game 6. 3rd period.
My latest T'Shirt ~ Critical Thinking: The Real National Deficit ~
I'd slam her like a screen door. Unless she's one of those "MTV Moms" then I'm just kidding.
two more days until opening day in Milwaukee, I will be in left field before the game conducting the color guard with the army!!
Still back from Spain.
feeling a rain hangover but glad I wasn't sucked into a sinkhole while driving
Just met ! Excited for tonight's show!
I've been in that situation (being same height in heels). U know what I did? I put on some flats and married him. Lol!
My new mini CD is now available for purchase on CD Baby! Thanx for the support!
ur . no matter what i will alwyas love u
i havent talked to u in a while.......:/
That's enough for me to spend $3 “: Checking out for iPhone, pretty slick so far.”
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW6
nickels are heavier, more threatening, and more effective. lmao
That girl is POISON
I wish she talk to me
I'm good thanks you
Just nommed hard
You all on twitter are GREAT! I have a few ideas abt leading a support grp... :-)
Congrats to and the whole Bon Fam!
Bunt every single at bat RT ": #Brewers offense struggles through 8 innings. What would you do to jump start this offense?"
Sean Breezy , really?
Nice photo, thanks, I didn't shoot it before I dropped it off
I think it's so funny Lolololz. Hense why I'm laughing
New username
Holy moly!! Thanks!
thanks for the love...now hopefully I can get my follow lol...o.0
Thank you so much. God bless you :)
Such a beautiful day in Fairbanks today - about 80 degrees and sunny skies. LOVE it!
i was ready 4the "farm character" to die. It was fun to watch it burn. Prison next and to find out the actress playing Michonne
Trying to go to bed and do laundry at same time
RT : Interesting/ Masai said he feels the Nuggets "got killed'' in the trade. But he said he had to do it.
I know you did! I already have my midnight ticket!!!!
Time for Kansas to sub in Toto and Auntie Em and call it a nite
Yes here I am :)
Exciting opportunity for a seasoned Processing Manager to join our team. Connect w/ me for more details!!
Trying to book some flights to Chicago to see a old friend but they got expensive quick. Need to justify this with some meetings.
thanks! will do!
#FF Music supporters we solute you!
Thanks kindly for the Retweet!
You just tweeted your 1,000th tweet. How do you feel?
we still have time !!! C'MON LAKERS
ha! Nice..
Get Your Sexy Back Bikini Wax Starting @ $20.00 Add under arm for $15.00
Just do what you say you're going to do and what you're supposed to do will fall in you're lap..
I don't think she hates you. I know she's upset about Trouble & I so understand what she's feeling. I'll call in the morrning.
Looking forward to meeting fellow vets in Broad Ripple as we conduct our next retention membership drive tomorrow.
Hope to see some of ya'll tonight @ Reno's Chop Shop.
Dayummmmm, tweeted more than 300 times today :|.
Thanks for having me! I'll send you my OkCupid profile if you'd like to suggest any edits.
Fight the urge to fall asleep. Must stay awake! Ah..
Don't you hate it when you catch someone taking a picture of you all creepy. Plez stop. Ask me!
JUST GO TO YOUR LOCKER.
H.R. 451 is well-intentioned, but licensure issues are best left to the states.
:) have a great day
She ain't worth a second of your time.
you're in Seattle, and you didn't come to barcamp Seattle? Tsk tsk!
happy mothers day! i love you mommy:)
Manny where you at?
That's what's up
yea buddy I like it. I'll talk to the guys
Have to eat so i can have a few drinks !
Exactly! What happened to the days when there were only two thousand on Vincent's page and they had fan pages where they talked.
Freelance Graphic Designer Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Appreciation is absence of everything that feels bad & the presence of everything that feels good. Appreciation is very powerful Tweetahs!
Hit up thewalters.org/survey to provide feedback on
My response is, "Thanks, you look nice today too!"
I only saw a little bit
Just purchased 2 tickets to 's Little Black Dress Event at Coney Island!! Can't wait...
what's on may 26th??? Lol jk!!! Can't wait :)
yes!! I'm super excited! Are you coming to Cameron's game?
Founders Award recipient David Johnson understands the meaning of giving people dignity. Thanks David.
My house and car are covered by ash. Say a little prayer for rain.
Holmes, Harvin and Decker. Which 2 do I start at WR2 and flex? First 2 have good matchups but Decker way more productive
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! :'D
Prayer is less about changing the world and more about changing yourself
decided to go with #nycmer2012 for the conference - tweet it up!
Best known for his role in the sitcom Home Improvement, Tim Allen (Tim Allen Dick) is a native son of Denver.
Great! We'll be adding more #ala12 booth signing events as the publishers send them to us, so keep checking back.
OH MY GOD I'M IN LOVE WITH CHACHI!!!!!
Not meaning to offend anyone but every time I am on 465 and I pass the sign that has three people and for each person says "I'm a mormon"...
If I die today, Remember me as John Lennon.
I don't put on no SHOW for no one. What you see is what you GET.
I love my siater haha she hit yesterday though haha
Havana Fridays was a big success! Join us every Friday Night! Presented by &
mine and Trinkaryu 's haz some Nippo dogz back a few generationz before they came to US.
being an entertainer can also get you laid and lot's of free things and meeting lots of shallow people with fake lips and heroine breath
I'm never happy with the way people treat me.
Show this Friday at Arnetic in Deep Ellum. Show's kicking off at 8:30!
I'll be sitting in at the bar downstairs at your left-hand side.
hahaha ok, when do you come back?
Feign more on kazmir to give me closure RT : assume that no1 tobe signed by Mets,but they will feign interest?
"lesbians are like lobsters, they mate for life." words of wisdom from
Man boobs are disturbing.
Fair enough. You're missing out though! Hope to see you again soon.
Awww my booski surprised me with cupcakes at work!! Yum <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Jimmy’s Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 Hot Steamed Crabs - Steamed Shrimp - Prime Rib YUM YUM YUM!
ppl need to get off #brewers fans nuts. We have experience in sucking for years, not greatness. The wave will continue till further notice
I know they are finally comprehensive! #bestmomsever #gottalovethem <U+2665> we gotta aprovechar & as much as possible :p
clearly it's mother nature moving on to being self-aware
what do you like about the Karddddddddashians
Wayne's part in We Taking Over goes hard
#TwSIG Keeping your lists updated takes time, but lots of people really value the lists. No right or wrong number of followers.
Tonight on 12 News at Ten: we ask the Waukesha County clerk about her decision to recuse herself from the Supreme Court recount.
hi so I think your beautiful and cute :)
Friday - That's all you need to know!
Is the best Male singer in the whole wide world.. Love the Music and the whole album of MAS...
The atrium in the center of the building has beautiful acoustics- frequently an opera singer practices her craft
Unique and affordable Mother's Day gifts in our retail store. Please visit!
out of control
I love you
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.-- Anna Quindle
When God calls you righteous and you know you're not, it's a pretty humbling experience.
#FF , supportive to indies!
yessir, I get back from Austin on Friday night. you still coming up?
Time is running out! Stop in today for your Thanksgiving desserts! Coconut cake, Carrot cake, Pecan pie, and much more!
i hope you have a good blessed day
cool! I wanna see shit fly :D
next time...
awesome! We have our monthly meeting the first wednesday of the month. If you DM us your email we will add you to list.
Follow me please <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Both political parties and their candidates don't have a "dime bit of difference" on this issue.
I think its kind of ridiculous how i have homework.....
Teagan has hickups but, I'm tired
Getting excited for tomorrow's #CoffeeConnections social media discussion at
I LOVE your bio caption!
Does it help or hurt to write "Query" in the subject line? My thoughts are: query=delete me.
Watching idiots on the news "still" on beach/coast wonder if they were smart enough to update their life ins.? 911 won't help if hurt!
Headed to Pigeon Forge for a day at #dollywood!My daughters 1st time! So excited to ride the train! :) I cant wait!
If you are an UM engineering alumni, feel free to contact me for the latest news on U Engineering!
You sagging to show off your pokemon boxers
I think we should find him together. There is no way he could resist all three of us.
High Socks for Saves.
RT : We believe #business is one of most powerful forces on planet, & harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way.
Going to meet with the Oneness School Initiative Looks like a great opp. to collaborate & help MPS students achieve
You're a bitch you're a bitch I'm sick of your shit
IF not cain, I'm hoping they select Trans-vaginal Gov. Bob McDonnell
Tango time!!!
man you really mailed that grantland draft article in!
Super Bowl tickets are going for 2750 to get in, wait a couple of days as prices will drop a bit. Buy before the rush next Thur/Friday!
I love our #MindReaderMoments too- they show me just how much
what a fun service! Let us know if your fans ever need catering support
Think I'll be an #OWS protestor for Halloween, which means I'm going to complain about having no candy & demand that people share.
I was hoping for something grander -- like she is in charge of protecting the Lost island or she is the owner of Cheers.
RT : MT : Succession disputes in family over inherited digital content, sites coming preservation issue? Aaron Presnall
Dominion Talent Show: Pay $5. Get depressed.
Sarah Stillman () accepts Prize for Magazine Journalism. It all began at an Indian restaruant in Oxford...
Perfect timing on that lightning strike.... Marson scores and the sky lights up. #Tribe up 2-1 in the 5th
Will send you full details tomorrow--hope you can make it!
Let us remember our Veterans and the sacrifices they and their families have made for us. They deserve our utmost gratitude and thanks!
“: When a girl says that she can't live without you, she has made up her mind that you are her future. #TLS” True...<U+E328><U+E32B><U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A>
Its cool though, we were clowning so its good haha. How you feeling today though?
“: I love seeing people I absolutely adore. Great weekend so far.” Meg took the word out of my mouth
What an awesome way to start Spring Break. :). #edcampss #sschat You'll be so energized for the rest of your break.
awww :'-( I missu too! What time u get off tonight? I get off at 1a I can come through after work.
Dubbo after school.
Thanks for the RT. ;)
Last Rose Bowl reference, a record 83 points scored last night. Badgers & Spartans have now stormed ahead of that pace (on pace to score 90)
Haha wow really?
If u could have anything money can buy what would it be?
Me, my couch, and leftovers! Have a lovely evening!
don't be ridiculous, top left and middle with a tie bar. Has Nuts taught you nothing?! :)
My last full week as a GRA at RRCHNM. Lots of great memories, but it's good to know that once you're in, you can never leave the family
also al the better way to eat ribs
I swear some girls are fucking crazy to try and fuck with and I when it comes to family
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way - Henry David Thoreau
That awkward moment when u hear kids screaming outside & can't tell if they're playing or being brutally murdered...
up too early!!
#ABOY2012 Awards are under way.
Pls stop trying to compare Kobe to MJ. Kobe is a shooting-guard. MJ was a basketball player.
Let's fuck.... ing cuddle.
gonna b w/ us 2morrow- slick name right....When u c this truck you're gonna hope Lief Garret don't show up w/ any "soches"!!!
no way
I'm creating a "Several Species Of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together In A Cave And Grooving With A Pict" station on Pandora. Here goes!
omg JB IS ON AND HE NEEDS TO NOTICE ME! MAKE HIM NOTICE ME!!!
we have met. I love We'd be happy to work with you on that. That said has webform generation ability too.
Who was I kidding..... I guess myself
AND I DON'T WANNA BE LONELY ANYMORE I WANNA GET BACK TO THE OLD DAYS WHEN THE PHONE WOULD RING AND I KNEW IT WAS YOU
It's not the dress that makes you look fat. It's your fat that makes you look fat.
What's your favorite flavor?
Tweet about me. Improv. Not being a rapper.
How does that happen? There's an auction May 21, their properties are on the tax sale map - yet they now own more in the same neighborhood.
i think you should tell your daughter right now. :D
has anyone seen the Lucky One??
i try to think about that but i dont know that song..
you should check out my follow button, i think its broken...
And I was hoping you and I might end up together...
Albino people scare me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
we were stuck in egypt during the revolution and i am thinking about writing a book called how to survive a revolution as a grandmother.
Bout to pass out
Greetings followers of ! We have consolidated accounts and have renamed to Stay tuned!
your beat it is good as fuck! I could see Wiz doing something with that.
You don't know yet what swag is.. But you was made in Paris..
Important to ask who is declaring the critic dead. The face of the critic is changing but is far from dead -- Gordon.
FOUR POINT GAME! Don't feel like it does it?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Love the irony of 's Ampersand playing as I leave for my anniversary dinner!
Super easy.
Anyone interested in two tickets to #HHA tomorrow? You'd be sitting with the FABULOUS staff!
About to watch the last game. I can't believe the season is over already!!!
tell him its for a big time radio station!
lets hope for the best today girls;)
Awake is definitely worth attention. Great show, but yr illustration doesn't do Jason Isaacs justice.
What are some of the top 10 Medicines that you need assistance with?
All I want to do is cuddle with you... that's it! & I'm sure of it...
Location scouting in Port Townsend today.
Hope everyone had a lovely holiday weekend! Did you eat anything worth bragging about?!
Thank you for the mention, Charlotte. Much obliged.
Margot Fassler F'12: a sounding model of Hildegard of Bingen’s conception of the cosmos using digital visualization theater
With their high draft pick next year the Vikings have to consider a quarterback...again.
Don't you love it when your parents rush you to get ready, and when you're done, you end up waiting for them..
Great seeing you ladies last night!
Being home is amazing. Gorgeous weather outside playing with the puppy
Dosh is going to follow Big Freedia inside the club , FREE AFTER PARTY!!
Wow that's to much information for twitter
have fun Chica!
We are choosing the winners for the #summersolsticeshapeup tomorrow. Good luck
I feel like I'm on drugs. xD
My first tweet from the air. The internet works fairly well.
Way to keep it together #Celtics good win!
We want to meet you on our other social sites! goo.gl/7unUD
thanks for the follow
Omg...im losing weight
I didn't know you were a WWE fan. We've known each other for a long time and i'm just knowing this haha!
Amazing lunch at #thecuriouspalette ! The florentine panini is to die for !
i am millieator
“: Melo vs LeBron.... who would win in a fight? (All Seriousness)”Melo from da hood! He friends wit my cousins
W/O commercials, it's only 2 1/2 hours so we have to play extras to get to the top of the hour so it can start all over again
you got it bro.
RT "Going to see Diana Ross tonight? Bring in your ticket stub before/after concert & receive 20% off food!"
Linked data is a data smorgasbord. --Miriam Safstrom (National Library of Sweden)
guys in the morning: i have really weird ass hair, but i dont give a damn / girls in the morning:NO MY HAIR LOOKS TERRIBLE!!! IM DOOMED!!
Lunch then off to an interview. Hopefully I do well. <U+E41D>
Thank you, sir!
~laying down, kissing you deeper~ Mmhh ~Grips your sexy-ass abs~
Ron Paul was here last night, I wonder if that has anything to do with it.
RT Great column today << Great compliment from a longtime La Jollan. Thanks, Pamela!
ever feel like giving up
NBAbriefs has plenty of new info
Go get 'em tomorrow !
If zombie eats the brain he cannot procreate.
LIKE! RT : I feel like whenever sumn is goin wrong or bad happening to me... God is just doin it to see how strong I really am
Rofl, yeah <U+2665>
Question is not who to follow, rather, what do I want to hear or invest my time in. With this deluge of info, this is my struggle...
I make her come first then I follow the leader
Who is visiting Top Gear next week? Yeah, that’s what we said: Who is visiting Top Gear. Matt Smith in a Reasonably Priced Car 5/21 on BBCA
OMG the dream I had!! Um... I wonder what it could mean...
Hi Paul. I'm Bryan . Send us an email at about bulk & wholesale orders. cc
DURANT got the clutch though
S&M clubs... wow. Someone needs to do a documentary about those.
the only person who can take away ur respect is u. We love haters in hip hop.
damn, stalker much?
Thanks!! That means a lot :D
hahaha hell yeah
By any chance will you be meeting fans when you come to Chicago on June 8th?
#Packers fans are everywhere; that's one of the great things. My pals and I were lucky to grow up in GB, make annual trip now.
i want to kiss him on his little head. Is he doing better?
reliability, fast shutter speed, good zoom & great quality. Thanks for your help! And I'm over - they break!
RT When we get 5,000 followers we're giving away an XBox 360 or PS3, winners choice. At 10,000followers an HDTV!
Bacon and Marv brings the world together
Cool! Yeah, definitely do that, North Carolina. NOT.
I honestly don't get those ads. Are magnets on the car? Why are people zooming thru the air? Does Howard have his own gravity?
Who will be watching the #NBA Game of the Week? #BUCKS vs. #Knicks tonight at 7:30 ET!
"In improvisation, there is no such thing as a wrong note. There IS such a thing as a poor choice." Neil Ardley.
3 research papers all do next week! well there goes my weekend! -___-
WOW hes really good!
A "Snatch'em back"?
*3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" “No, I'm hunting zebras. What the fuck do you want?"
Hush Lol i Kno U Love Me (Justin Bieber Voice)
Well you did a great job! I commented on the blog. Hope you dont mind.
RIP Levon Helm. Will blast Ophelia in your honor tonight. You will be missed.
REAL recognize REAL!
It'd just be so great if all girls were bald all of a sudden. lol
I love him but I don't know what to do. How do you explain to someone that you have trust issues?</3
*Cough* *Cough* i'm sick as hell :-(
I still have 4 more days to make you sick of wontons. Wait for it. It'll come.
Had another great time with that special person, and it was better because we were at the track
Hop up out this pretty lil bitch n takea #twit pic
My hair used to be pin straight now it's just poop .
better follow me. he's a
lost, epic faliure and searching for success
Convince yourselves royal. Exploit the fertility of magnified being.
« Chicks gettin tatted more then the niggas nowadays...»
Where the HELL is Quentin Tarantino?
4 years for me now!
idk if you have it but Cassie just got a magazine with a big 1D poster in it
yo H3CZ my friend OpTic Revvolver said he emailed you and said i could get in ?
On my way to DC for #gradnation where I'm speaking on Tuesday.
Mesrine: Killer Instinct. Great movie. Great classic cars.
I just ate a salad... it was delicious... and the highlight of my day.
#JBboyfriend1 I love you (;
I want to give up drinking out of any plastic water botter
That's Lame School Tomorrow,Hope It Snows Or Some Thing Cuz I Anita Trying To -.-
so that's a 4 hour difference from Cali right?
or maybe stormy would be anakin? i mean, he grows up to be darth vader...
You think #Holland has walked passed a mirror since 1985?
Okay, new favorite game: yelling at the hoarders on TV.
Heading to Memphis for the opening of ICON: The Influence of at Graceland. Thank you for your contribution!
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? :)))
And more to come, better reasons to drink tequila!
Pull my hair make me arch my.back n call u daddy while u fucking me from behind....
Just finished your book. Thank you for being so honest, strong, brave. I wish you and Kennedy lots of happiness & laughter
I'm having a party tonight sis
Attention Netflix watch instantly folks: Teen Wolf expires from watch instantly tomorrow.
I could use an art dealer, also a new teaching gig. If you can pimp my artwork out at a high price or know a Drawing Instructor gig. call me
Okay So Text Me Right Before I Enter 1st Period And OMG! She Made Me :) I Miss Her >.<
my white boy nick v. got out last night nice to see people stay the same
oh no bby this isn't about you omgksnjdhdv
Surprising how quickly people raised their hands on the elevator question!
#ghettohalloweentreats RT Trick-or-treat, bathroom! Yay, Q-tips!
I SWEAR I LOVE OUR DG SO FREAKING MUCH OMG CUZ WE'RE SO AWESOME <3 can't wait for the dg chalet!) yay :D
I can't wait for the weekend!
lame. I tandem nursed because my daughter loved it, and still does.
I she's adorable, haha.
ah next time babygirl!
Vegan Carne Asada? Yep, its a soy protein crumble sauced with a spicy arbol salsa and topped with cilantro and onion for $3. Enjoy!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal
SCHOOL'S OUT FOR SUMMER!!! Hearing Pink Floyd here. Hey... Teacher... leave them kids alone!
“: Thanks for the follow ” Ditto!!
looks cool andrew. would love to spk to you about how to enhance Now! with auto-proximity detection and content triggering.
God is good! I am so blessed!
#FF thank you! Have a great weekend.
a few of my friends are graphic designers.
The power of good writing: "Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass" Anton Chekhov
I love your new description. :)
Oh, ha! I thought you were talking about the dollhouse in your head! I love those cute little toilets! Easy to clean, too!
Wow ... not bad for a supposed Luddite.
I'll be doing photoshoots at Fitness America. No session fee! Tweet me if you'd like to set up a shoot. Good luck.
let us know if we can serenade any special events/weddings coming up! www.supertonicstringquartet.com
haha thanks for the reply lol ur single is so good follow me plz? Lol but good luck with everything
tomorrow marks one year with my wonderful boyfriend :) <3
Naughty Dog has some of the best animators, motion capture techniques and animation tech in the business.
#YouWannaImPressMe be yourself and be honest
Thanks for the
or what? You gonna eat my brains!?
The only team that could do that is the #Pirates, Tim.
Need to make it to today, as they have the only tequila on the planet that I'll drink by choice.
our sites and back up. good reminder that every thing we build will only be destroyed eventually.
Okay so far...
Watching it. She's been through a lot but she's a great artist. People wanted to blame her simply because of her fame.
#BreakingNews: # of first-time claims for jobless benefits dropped 27,000 to 365,000 last week, signaling better jobs market. Via CNN
I am so excited to see you on Degrassi, I can't wait!!!!!:)
Check the website blog for newly posted pictures from Tria last Sunday!
nope.... vegas in july
if it's up to u sis our citys in good hands!!!!!!!!!!
"Spend less time planning, more time doing." Create an agency culture that encourages taking chances. Move, test, try.
loving the Action Method from at Focus Magazine
for at least 30 minutes hahahahaha!
when do u go to school? Mon-fri or like I did a few days a week
Jus bc porn is a $billion industry does not mean the economy is well. Not every1 wants to b involved wit that jus to be $-stable!
i'm so glad you did , you made my day :) keep rockin' -ukes and jukes forever <3
Just started following , I like the idea, lets see some posts!
Thx! So same behavior in both arenas? No difference? ;)
like your blog! Yea for RAW!
Who am I? Where have you been?
#Iwouldfightabitch for some brownies right now
haha u too?? How have u been friend?
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
at the crib i guess.. lol
I like dude!
Heard you give away a free shot for newsletter signups. Has the experiment been a success?
where ya been ?!/! Haven't talked to u in ages! :-)
Feathers are a defining characteristic of the group "Birds," meaning simply that if an animal has feathers, then it is a bird.
on to recording the vocals, just tested out my new Blue mic, sounds bad ass.
T1: If they don't enter the data, though, they won't see the decision support supplied by EMRs and required by Meaningful Use.
Age is something that doesn't matter unless you are a cheese. - Luis Bunuel
Thank u boo !
Also, are you bringing me a Guatemalan souvenir? I'll bring you an Athens souvenir at 's lake house!
sexy and I know it.
Hang out with Uzette, Icky and the Alice Entourage at the Cable Car City Pub! The crew will be handing out prizes from 6 – 8PM
In other news... Water is wet. New Artists can be found dot com RT CD's are on life support.
Wowww. Awesome. So nice to meet you too!
Here ya go, girl - and here's a leg bone for you to gnaw on. Chow down
OH: Can I try your log?
wow lol. Is that the real story of the infamous Halloween at Tavern?
Haven't posted anything on here forever.........
Yo my dude whats good with you, how come u havent hit me up. yet akum can hit me up but notchu
TWITTER IS THE ONLY LIFE I LEAD.
clean underwear is a good place to start,) tear it up tomorrow T Rob,) Jonni Armani
Very sad to see County Board candidates having resorting to blatant lies to win an election.
Silly making me cry. :/
I HAVE THE BEST IDOL EVER AND IS YOU love ya
Lol look at my teammate. I'm already following you.
I'll take Minnis' ellipses over Notley's quotes any day. But I'm starting to get attached to her anyway.
Don't get used to it lol
There are a few other features, which are available too. One example of the live streaming and the live broadcasting is the cricket matches.
should have went to you know better than that!
Dear Twitter, an app update should be an improvement, mmkay? Now, roll back this new #TweetDeck crap quickly please.
Good morning
This ones for the girls about 13 high school can be rough can be so mean. hold on to your innocence
a gay boy wished for a . youtube it it's fabulouse
i'll text ya right now! And wow you aren't supposed to agree! Lol. & me too. (:
I am not interested in making people feel comfortable. I am interested in using yoga as a transformative tool to confront suffering.
Thank you for the shout out and writeup. We truly appreciate it. Hope you're doing great. Go #MKE!
Thanks ;-) . now you will be up to date with about all the important things in life, me me me LOL. Saludos a Chuti ;-)
RT>> Get Fast & Curious on iTunes! Plus upcoming & Sy Smith shows (NYC, ATL, TX, DC) & more! (RT please!)
Wow! Just got out of class and heard. No, nothing in Cincinnati, unless I'm more oblivious than I thought.
Great! Thanks. I'll keep an eye out.
I'm going to Wienerschnitzel. Who wants to join me?
yes please!
Today, I will be listening to Sermon via internet...didnt make it to Enterprise on time and the police didnt find my car
“: Babysitting ” I'm 5 and a half
Check out we have a special batch of MTYS stickers coming out very soon! And keep and eye out for our new little buddy
Playin the Prophet Bar in Dallas TX TONIGHT! 2548 Elm St, Dallas TX. We play at 8 but get here early you fucks!
Last night I dreamt that was in love with me. He was very sweet and caring. *sigh* :->
gorgeous day in San Diego for an outdoor bikini photo shoot! :)
IT WAS. Text me!
if you don't share I'm going to be jeluzzzzzzz :)
Buy 4 meals and get the 5th one free at in Chicago. A perfect moment to point out how awesome #Belly is to your pals, amiright?
Make the most of these first six weeks of the semester by eating in a new dining hall to meet new people.
Too anyone who is actually keeping up with the massive amount of art I put up tonight.... I'm Done.
Dwell Media Launches Spring SIP Dwell Outdoor
try not to get it in your eye <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
.... but I want to see how well Halo 4 does against it's number 1 competitor.
ugh, get outta here <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Blogs » MTOD Gospel Network (Powered by phpFoX)
Told them to try Firestone Double Jack next...I'm ruining their night. They'll be too drunk to function tonight at this rate!
so excited to finally get a smart phone this month!!! #WaaaayBehindTheTimes! ;)
directed a film that would be any rap/hip-hop lovers dream. Kuddos, Ice T. Kuddos!
I love Google Docs for surveys, we've used them a lot for
"Good in Goodbye" is an amazing song! <3
So excited to be joining the team at south okc lifechurch.tv this summer!
-> Sadly, cancelled my flight / trip to Doha + #TEDxSummit -> - have an amazing time there with the #TEDx clan!
Thanks so much for the RT Louise. I hope your week has been fantastic.
Mr. Belding! I knew he looked familiar and couldn't quite place it.
Watching on this rainy day, brings me sunshine and makes all the gloominess go away!
What shows can we *not* miss and see while we're at SXSW?
who thinks 'i should just park my suv and block in a delivery truck and two neighbors on monday behind my apt ?' my new methhead neighbor !
metal show at uwm tonight
The Bellmen have 7 shows booked right now, and we are getting more and more.
hey guys. im thinking about starting an anti-bullying movement called speak up & speak out. what do u think ofthe idea?
Miss Beca! How are you? :)
thank you very much, just do not wait for the gas to get low lol
Rob Michaels "Drown" video teaser youtube.com/watch?v=wslXZN… the fist single from the "Revolver Sessions" Ep available 6/21
Can't sleep !
Nothing like some #BlueBell ice-cream after a mid-day nap!
if one defines 2.6 million as a plutocrat, what do you call a $250 millionaire a Jupitercrat?
Can't you just tell me what's wrong? Tell me everything that's going on? You left me lost and confused, feeling like I was being used
you should also shop for a pickaxe to go through the ice
oh yes
your coming to Memphis or Houston
cut my wrists and black my eyes
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to working with you on networking events leading up to this year's Dip Ball.
United Stated Debt Crisis Presentation Purdue University at Calumet in Hammond, Indiana from 6 to 8p. Call the University for more details.
The greatest tragedy is dying with our #music still inside us. Play a little. Today.
Yes II eventually found a post that suggested restarting and it worked.
yeah... You're a LITTLE SLOW !
Proud to say Bring Me The Horizon, Owl City, & Never Shout Never take up whole pages on my itunes
RT : Dave wears tinfoil pants because someone on Facebook said it stops viruses but won't stop clicking links in unsolicited emails
Ever since playing Chekhov's Irina, May 5th always feels a little like my birthday. (Name Day. Birthday. Same difference...)
terrified about starting this internship
. What would you say is the biggest benefit in flexible scheduling for learners?
I thought I made it perfectly clear.....dont send me your music UNLESS ITS DARK AND EVIL >:-(
April flowers bring May showers.
i just join the free band gang
That a search for "deep fried wonderbread" doesn't return more results might have restored my faith in humankind.
i dont have a tumblr. if i did i would tweet u a cute picture too. i love you too btw.
GREAT! Let me know if I can be of any more help. =)
Looking 4 & testing Affiliate Marketing programs. I'm committed 2 financially empowering artists & arts organizations. Trying eLitius now.
hahaha well...he's just friendly with a few..nbd
"By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before." - Edwin Elliot
Thanks for the follow Erik - right back at ya!
Thats my DOG! In my chris tuckers voice
I'm cold this morning so my son is singing me Some Like it Hot by Power Station.
check your dm
Cause there can only be one greatest of all time
They're just a little soft-spoken at the moment.
Hey I am Girish from Dallas. Can you follow me .....
Hahahah! The Force is Strong with this One! #MaytheFourthbewithYou !!!
why i am happy to have musically tickled your fancy!
Privatized publics and secrets of trade.
today I folded a small pair in the SB before the flop and called it the Vini Vici. At least in my inner monologue.
EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT IN THE WORLD AGAIN TODAY. returns!
Great seeing you again also tonight! RT : fun seeing you both at #WineODueUp!!!
#GatorNation official hashtag for #SEC Outdoor Track and Field Championships =
#Fringe I have no words. NO WORDS.
Clickbank Cash Secrets - Straightforward strategies to Advertise ClickBank Merchandise
And sometimes I just want to join in. RT : Kiddo melting down in the parking lot sounds like I feel.
Setting your alarm way to early so you feel that you have more time to sleep
then i wouldnt need to die for heaven.
Thank you for following! @
GOODMORNING!!(: How was your night!?..
I really hate muggy weather!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> #NoBueno!
My pilot looks like Robert Downy Jr. I feel safe.
It happened again. My charm touching the clasp
RT : Be sure to follow us for your chance to win tickets throughout the month! The giveaway starts tomorrow!
AWEE i have the best friend ever ! My friend left school early &brought me starbucks<3
More catching up new follows. Thx:
Heading to the farmer's market to see what the state of the cabbage is.
Practice for at least 30 minutes per day
Tune into tomorrow morning to hear the illustrious pontificating on Marriage Equality, young voters, and beards
DC gets the cold shoulder from offshore #CRE investors in 2012 AFIRE survey www.afire.org
how does the weather look for Bedlam?
amber seriously just shut the fuck up please
Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him. Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
I know. I need to find my old iPhone (on android now) and try it out!
crossfit south Baltimore. My friend Sean owns it. C u Tuesday!
lol yes dear!!!
hey thanks!
Let's do this! pre-fight show in less than 20!
Just keep following the heartlines on your hand
Walked by the new Bob Barker building in LA last night. It looks beautiful! Congrats!!
#ThingsMyExSaid "i love you so much and we'll be together forever(:"
Congrats - trailer looks great! Look forward to the day that I can count myself among the B&M.
Today in my World Geography class I learned about Louisville, Kentucky :)
Come on! Champagne & Chickenheadz
Giant Eel's music video "The Stranger" for makes it onto top 15 of 2011 list
You're awesome!(:
Truth. However, MIA is by far the worst of all evils RT : my least favorite airport is "all of them"
New dinner menu! ...Come check it out!
And thank YOU for the follow back! : )
Victor Bout, finally caught!
cory montieth looks just like my crush from school me gust mucho ok
Another exciting week ahead.
Need a quiet place to work or study? Check out the Quiet Zone in the library (The East Wing) #AskALibrarian if you're unsure of where to go.
"when I wake from dreaming, tell me is it really love" How will I know? - :))
just hit you on text Trace... gotta check yo iphone ..good to have you back in town.sort out day to hang .Ciroc Lemonade its on!
#SomewhereInTheGhetto there's a $.50 on a dollar bridge card sale.
Great script meeting for my new feature film "Rule # 7"
Loosing to the Hornets. Not LINinng (neither is 8 turnovers)
has got my back. You should get him/her on your back. Thank you,
idk how someone can love to run that much
Indeed I do! I shall be making a blog post about the nifty 1930s book cases this evening.
Oh fun. All connected.
People will put anything online.
20pega u.u
you the fucking best
If Pelosi or Obama came to address #OccupyDC , perhaps addressing GA, would that make Occupiers feel more positive about them?
It's an REM kind of Friday.
sorry we missed you. hope to see you again soon.
You hate each other yet you follow each other?? Totally makes sense. Get your fighting asses off my timeline
Man I'm glad RosettaStone accepts returns. Haha.
#TimKaine housing is a spectrum.
eagerly anticipates 's Wikis for #Genealogy talk at this morning's CGSSD meeting
Mary! What the hell are those CodePink nuts saying>> "We support the murder of our troops."?? Jesus, are those women Americans???
We did it hitting the stage
good luck with your script! I loved the first one if u remember! Edimburgh film festival 2008!
Was that lightning? I think it was. Oh thats thunder! My rain is coming! Yay #thunderstorms (:
Hey #yankeeuniverse.....thoughts on the trade? Right now, not happy about it.
3 hour pit stop in Ireland.
thanks for the retweet
I'm in the film business. The wide angle close up is not flattering on anyone! New Pic please #becauseicare!
Keeping close eye on phone after sticky fingers kid of mine buggered it up.
When I make it clap, I want a round of applause.
is this your Freaky Friday?
Good day at the office!
Thanks for the follow Mark! (). Love to meet fellow Chicagoans....
Working title for my last-minute presentation tomorrow: "Of Magnetic Tape and Metadata, or, How to Succeed With a Lot of Effort"
sorry we missed each other this time around!
dont even know what to do anymore
It ain't much but it's a start You got me swinging right along to the song in your heart
Bernards: "Southeast Asian Lit comes at the very end of #MLA12, but at least there is a session on SEA." SEA Sino-phone Culture panel
No email... :( I was SUPER fast!
SF is one of the cities we're considering expanding to. In town this wk. Let me know if you'd like to meet. cc
Your cryfarts smell like Woodrow Wilson
Now watching roommate with my big brother ah how much I love my only brother lol
Mahi Gato at L.A. Punk Noir. June 26th. Purchase your ticket and lapunknoir.com
LMFAO 's comment. Hit a layup and you don't have to worry about the Pacers celebrating on your home court
Thank you Ashley!
Come in now, Clean
2354 n Milwaukee ... Just south of Fullerton.
So true, thanks for sharing!
#sundayfunday “: Three sisters Indian Feast! Thanks to w/”
Ok everyone, stay focused on what you want and look for all possible solutions.
Good for you , I hope this makes up for the past!
Uh oh might be my new crush...watch out
Thanks David!!! hope we get to play again soon!
As a thank you for liking my facebook page and following me on twitter. Receive 20% off virus removal service. This offer expires 9/30/2011
Set up a google alert on myself and so far all I've gotten are 2 obits for Mary Quicks in Missouri and Kansas. RIP ladies.
oh...you're still young! :::sigh:::
i hear the new sony blu-ray unit the bdp-s790 will be the best player in the USA is what i was told if it comes out i hope.
community meeting on the redevelopment of the closed down #RedVicMovieHouse Wed/7pm 1727 Haight Street
Don't let a boy ruin your life.
Watching George Lopez .
It worked! I am so creeped out right now!
we're looking forward to see you too! :)) #TEENHOOT woo!
LOL don't u have to work? I think I'm going that friday before. IDK I don't want to go. lol
OMG SO LIKE IM IN CLASS AND FOLLOWED ME :D best day EVER <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT : Congrats to & all on their #USGBC Md Awards.
message me
I predict that head ends up in a yard sale and people will FIGHT over it!
happy to be promoting tnight at L2, women+ green economy = happiness
FUTURE ON 106 AND PARK !!!!! SAME DAM TIME HUBBY FAVORITE SONG
-keeps walking-
oh colorado at least your never boring
When did it become cool for dudes to do their jogging in hot pants?
Don't 4get to get your green on!
All we do is pretty much watch movies. We're not learning anything.
Monday = half off bottles of wine all day!
hahah its gonna help me find my husband this weekend!!
Youve been together for 2 weeks and everyone already knows you fight more than a married couple. Dontcha think theres something wrong?
make a friend request on facebook
Ending my weekend with running on repeat. Great way to end a Sunday.
Dirk has 31 in the second half
New Destination Truth tonight - a haunted location in the desert :)
While my Lakers work to hold down No. 3 in the West, wishing a big win tonight vs. Knicks with No. 8 in East on the line.
April is the wettest in 100 years - Harry Lynch 57&#39;s blog
We play the Spurs vs. the Nuggets tonight. ;)
Watching Along Came Polly
I am a man who believed died 20 years ago & I live like a man who's dead already I have no fear whatsoever of anyone or anything- Malcolm X
RT : I think the Brewers should let throw out the first pitch. He is a legend now in Milwaukee breaking the news.
Yep! Tix go on sale Sat. October 15th. Should be a great show~
“Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.” - Thomas Edison
i Need a Handsome Guy to Go w. this Gorgeous Girl - then ill be cuff'd up . til then - single as can be (:
21 jump street was so funny (:
truth hurts doesn't it?
nhl and nba in seattle is like communism, it looks great on paper but doesn't quite pan out in the real world
is in the green room
hey there producer extraordinaire, do you think you can the second ep up tonight?
he even looks better by the end of my glass.
RT : Companies w/at least 1 woman on their board have better ROE and stock performance -McKinsey.
Lol wait a minute now lol
HAHA!! RT: “: That was really South Carolina of you, North Carolina.”
shortest way to long.
Taking bathroom breaks just to go play temple run or get on twitter >>>
Its not even that serious really grow up pls it was just a comment
check out www.brandchirp.com
door&on how hard you pound and with what.Sledge works well w hardwood door,ballpeen on hollow core,tank on steel
One of these days im go be rocking wit the best
thought about it but didn't want to a meanie! But it is true! :) love ya erinrhodeisland
Remembr Michael Dechalit?Hes a magician in Tucson n does shows in Vegas n hes met u.I kno him n i told him 2 say hi 2 u yrs ago
are you good?
i want to eat red meat and shellfish!!!!
just yelled YOLO as walked across the stage for her diploma.
Do you get in glitter fights often? I can see the word "sparkle" being necessary for those.
WHY DO THE WRISTBANDS HAVE TO BE GIVEN OUT AT 6AM THOUGH. MY AUNT IS CONTEMPLATING NOT TAKING ME CUS ITS TOO DAMN EARLY. WTF ASDFGHJKL.
Although I have been blessed, it's time to MOVE!
What is everyone up to for Cinco de Mayo ??
#Caps Laich on Hunter "I thought he really enjoyed it"
I haven't found any, but then I'm also cheap as a thing that is cheap, so I never pay more than about $10 for a pair of earbuds.
thanks for the #FF!
Some of my students are getting discouraged because one student is such a beautiful writer. 1/2
I WANT TO REACH OUT TO ALL THE HOMELESS PEOPLE, GOD LOVES YOU AND THINGS WILL GET BETTER BY AND BY
Sigh, I've gotten transferred yet again on this At&T line. I'm sure by the time I talk to someone and they transfer me again, it'll close.
thank you. Let's hope he paints the corners all night.
your welcome!
Thanks for the RT! Maybe I'll run into you at #MoCCA this weekend?
Where were you? where were you..? Just a little late....
Happy Leap Day! Do something bold and different today!
The after party for every party!
I hope they show more than just clergy who disagree. From meeting just a few clergy, opinion is definitely diverse.
what upp doe
GR8 its time to eat
Wowzers! MT Nationwide tour playing 7,781 yards this week at Kinderlou Forest Golf Club.
I was gonna go to mimosas w/ everyone but my hangover got in the way. I don't think i've drank for that long before haha
Forecast for Tonight: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast...
“: Today just hasnt been a good day.
Gossip girl season 3
you were amazing. The long distance relationship had me at... Tears!
I love me some New Jersey Housewives!!! Dina is my fav.....
You know what's awesome? -The top of a blueberry muffin -Slushe's -Late Summer Nights -Not getting homework -Free Food &//Also your F a ...
Infinity Ltd. trunk show opens tomorrow. Continues Saturday and Sunday. Gorgeous wooden objects for you to enjoy.
#Israeli air strikes kill 2 #Palestinians in #Gaza and gun shots reported at #virginiatech. WTH is going on today?
brought your A game today of all days
Every encounter is an opportunity 2meet some1. B aware of ur surroundings. Engage & Listen.
Next full band show: May 4 @ Club Cafe, Pittsburgh
Same to you! Thanks for the #FF mention!
This mosquito has 2 seconds to get the F away from me !
Never give up for you are a champ!!!!! I know about fighting......Much love<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Justification is the work of God FOR us. Sanctification is the work of God IN us.
If you want an instant face lift~SMILE~its free and highly effective.
Brady is my fantasy qb. But I would love nothing more than to see you pummel him into the dirt today. love you, love my team!
foshow am going to check you out but we looking for a beat make for the team so if we like what we hear we talk
I woke up this morning, and. DIDN'T feel like p.diddy!! Lmao
is honored to have as the presenting sponsor for the MWxSW tour! The tour launch party at 3/8/12
Obama should have himself argued the health care law in the SOTU. He would have done much better job than govt. attorney
"Struggle is unskilled behavior." www.budurl.com/QuoteA
Thank you. Headed out in a few. Cold, rainy day - maybe this will be the sunshine for today!
who got turned down?
At tap, dinner after with marisa (:
i just add all my followers still Love all you add me more and ill post more pic's ;D
The Pasco mompreneur who received a microloan from will have her product The Go Caddy on QVC tomorrow at 6am!
don't forget main street dinner
Physical fitness is not only 1 of the most important keys 2 a healthy body; it is the basis of dynamic & creative intellectual activity. JFK
Know of any singer/songwriter/musician that has published about their writing PROCESS? (besides Springsteen or obtain)? Need across genres.
Fishing sucks here believe it or not. I've tried that. Actually, I think it sucks on west coast in general.
Lamar's Anthony Miles (Clear Brook HS) has 8 points at halftime against Northwestern St-Southland Conference play Center
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson im so glad that he saw the trend :')
I love how independent I am. <U+E405>
Chicago sex workers: interested in tax workshop in late Feb? Still lookin for speakers. interest/suggestions email
#lovegettingtold you are doing a great job you are getting a raise.
Brazil&#39;s Congress approves changes to enviro law
Is anybody watching Food Network's Chef Hunter?? Hope you like it!
ima try this shyt one more time..
If you don't know good then you gone know better
now booking for sUPAMAN AKA dAVID kNOX OF COLUMBUS oHIO
listening to skyscraper!<3
Can everyone on twitter please pray for no more rain tomorrow in #Miami ?? I really need sunshine back :)
one super day...super day at work! Love those extra good days.
he's gonna be okay! I promise!
At Starbucks!
RT : hey, you're the one who wants to go to a place where the point is to sit naked in a big bowl.
I know a few people with really clean and tidy GROWNUP type homes. Always amazes me.
Lmfaoooo ! It Was Funny Tho I'm Not Gunna Lie . Ahahahahaaha Who *Wipes Tears From Eyes*
Who's ready for the weekend?!?! I know i am! :D
i just saw your tweet, thanks boo!! it was hard AF i had to make an 80 so i'm keeping my fingers crossed!
RT : R.I.P Steve Reid, wonderful jazz drummer... :(
Haha me to I always sing in shower xD
Today is the 1 year anniversary of the death of Tim Connors. We (Archbishop Ryan High School) will miss you forever.
Psalm 119:159 See how I love your precepts; preserve my life, LORD, in accordance with your love.
Well, it looks like i'm not going to the state fair. I guess i'll just stay home & eat noodles:P
JAYLYNN got her 4 month shots today she's such a trooper im so proud of her cried for a little then forgot about it
Went fishing yesterday. Through out a lot of bait.... Caught lots of fish!
IMHO ABC HOPES to find the masses sick of social net as Twitter becomes the source of relevant news for the rest of us!
I love Once Upon a Time. It is both cheesy and amazing.
that sounds like loser speak. Your confidence low, Sparty?
oh poor daddy..he's spending the eve of his bday down the hospital.
umm Chris Rock really. need a haircut buddy
Not only is comedy lounge-cover singer #RichardCheese's new autobiography entitled _Atlas Lounged_, his latest CD is _Back in Black Tie_.
<U+E42B><U+E42B>Got my ORANGE on and heading down to the Denver <U+E01A> vs. NY Jets <U+E01D> game. GO BRONCOS!! <U+E42B><U+E42B>
that's pretty badass And so graceful
Great meeting. Now home to prepare for my 10 day detox.
"What you do speaks so loudly, that I cannot hear what you say" R.Waldo Emerson. Leadership principles at work.
im so nervous about what my final grades will be
"I never got this far in my dreams." ~Bubba Watson 2012 Masters Tournament Champion
Is it just me or is it really weird for that the booze store next to my gym is incredibly busy at 10am on a sat morning?
RT Who LOVES gifts? Help us get to 50K followers and you'll be #surprised! Let's start the RT! :)
Her heart
IM RIPPED N THESE NIGGAS TALKIN BREAKFAST
AKA Mr. Easy
Why should I be friends with someone when I have to constantly think I did something wrong when nothing even happened.
I don't think the human body was meant to hold this much espresso
ya then take a shower before i go to bed cause im going to hit tha gym later on
we can generate traffic to your website by organic and ethical seo
Any movies in particular? I just watched Harvey again last night. That's one of favorite black and whites.
you're beautiful
Did Mike Kitchen take over the #Kings PP?
Celebrities With Migraines: 13 Famous Faces With The Misunderstood Condition - Huffington Post
Thanks to those of you bearing with #uwebc webcast. We'll have a new link with PPT and video synched after lunch.
Thanks Bob! RT : #FF to Have a great Friday!
RT Give a man a fish and he'll vote for you next election...teach a man to fish and you'll have an abundant supply of fish to confiscate.
Yeah - Fuchs, Hildebrand and Holtby have been sharing pix on Facebook. LOL. They deserve the break.
Thank you, Jerricka, it was great to see you too. We're doing it again in June! #yeah!
omg it said you responded to the other one so now I'm confused. And yes it really was. It's taking forever too
Makes you a probable resident of Philadelphia RT : Booing injured players makes you worse than laker fans. :-)
Best line in that movie!
my heart is broken
I love your post about talking to our kids each day about sex. Please follow me! We have a great deal in common.
See Superstar Ent own Live Sunday The Glow College Party! Ladies free to 10:30!
... well look go eat 1of those big heathy <<<< lol SU cows back there... good part less driving..lmao
embracing good, data hugging bad. got it=)
Thompson touting record as wi governor "we took on the liberal establishment and yes we won"
RT “: Thanks to for hosting the #SportsPRchat G+ Hangout #profesh”
Berggren with the block, Wilson hits the jumper on the other end to put #Badgers up 9-0. Ryan couldn't have hoped for a much better start.
Interview done! :-) It was much fun! :-)
<U+266C> No money in music??? 2002 Paul McCartney sold over $54,702,741.43 in ticket sales on his U.S. Tour <U+266C> I know a lot has changed in 9 yrs <U+266C>
aww how depressing
Tonight is going to be madness! Djing with and !
Thanks for following!
There's actually lots of native plants and wildlife here at Archives HQ too. Go green government!
Book rec for the over-connected: Hamlet's BlackBerry. (Just don't read it on your iPad, as that might defeat the purpose.)
Everybody wants some goddamn liquor.
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
It's all happening....
I'm an awesome friend and I will always be there for anyone who needs me. But I am NOT a good enemy to have. Learn some respect for others.
Just received word that the WMUR studio is locked... We may have to actually Break & Enter to do the show... Catch us at 10, maybe.
Fixed my mic problem!!!
Now he's the camera holder but I bet in high school he was the purse holder lol damn.
RT : Lewis had prior [engagements] & couldn't wait. Many thought we should hear him but he wasn't singled out
Wisconsin licenses, photo IDs to arrive in mail
Had a great time having cocktails, now its on to dinner for the award show.
“: Were you in Ohio and didn't tell me?!” I was!! .. looks like you will just have to come down to Florida ;)
great quote! We all need to remember this in our ventures.
Is it better to give someone the fish, or is it better to teach them how to fish ?
#HDSHoliday <Happy Holidays!
MT Glitter. Trust that your glitter is needed in the world. And will be ecstatically received.
1-1 early in third period after #JrSharks goal
8th- 14th buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm that same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
that's great me brudda! Hopefully that is in me future. Then I can sell all this shite!
Its my family issues you don't need to know ANYTHING about it!
And tha one person I should be talking to ain't even trying in my opinion
VNSO is still closed. They are still working on the pump.
Did I just stay at your party longer than you did? Ugh I hate being that girl! :-D Great party!!
Wow! Way to Geaux Tebow & the Broncos.
Eating lunch, woman at table next to mine is trying to sucker another woman into joining her pyramid scheme - I want to tell her to run.
Ill try to get it up today
Shouldn't you have another #COCKBOMB before early voting starts?
Night World!
will drinking be involved?
yeah like every picture needs a caption? -.- and what I can't remember is how many pictures per page .. Was it 4 or 5 ?
#Following both you studs!
Downtown Orlando is popin tonight!
preparing for a job interview.... yay!
hey u! what's up!
this is gonna be a long day...
Can u please follow me(:
went to sleep feeling like shit, woke up feeling like shit.
haha, just got followed by some guy on Pinterest who says he's a "serial entrepreneur & multimillionaire"... but he has no boards & pins
I fucking HATE those "fresh kids" who go to shows & just try to start shit. Get the fuck out of here.
welcome to the twittersphere
It's only one game jeezz come down!!!! U very hyper on your Heat , cool down!!!!
thank you for the RT!
i can't wait for the concert tonight! Its gonna be amazing!
You had a hard time keeping that shirt on lol
Right on! RT Thank you so much for including me in the mix. It was really HOT. Blessings, Jocelyn
Good luck brother! Looking foreword to seeing you both in Swellsley!
I know I got a lot of new followers. Lemme go check em.
I love your Tumblr page! I might reblog some of your posts! So cool! :)
Cut a bitch... Answer to 99 out of 100 problems
thats what happens when greed is running things they want ask the oil and money look at the had now people struggling while oil
thanks for the follow! Really fun show! : )
We have some requests for photographers, caterers, and more -
Bury me softly in this womb, I give this part of me for you...
We are stoked that our beta test is almost here, and can't wait to see how the givengine gets used! What would you share with your friends?
Me too! Even if they do call me a retard. Ha. :) x
RT : You'll have the best time of your life when you spend it here at MCM Elegante!
that said, love the idea+love the deep archive.. don't have any use-cases for using it though.
YA MAKE SURE YA FOLLOW MY SIS NOW SHE THAT GIRL
What temperature do you bake at?
It behooves you #whitecaps to not argue every single call..
it sounds better with cheeseburgers in your pockets
That is silly sick.
Send the ambulance here next! OMG!
enlighting...! really enlightening!!!
Marry me I love you ;)
honestly tho, would you rather a short Austream, or no Austream at all ?
like you." I think it is unusual for a man to want his daughters to look like like his wife, he is happy either way. Woman wants to give the
Yikes! Just let us know when, and we'll make it happen!
TGIF #ABQ! What are your weekend plans? Who's coming to Krispy Kreme?
Its the champagne pouring.. big joint rolling.. Bombay sipping.. no blunt smoking..
Weekly Line Up Amnesia-Thursdays Greenhouse-Fridays NYE location TBA
JUST LEFT THE HARRIET TUBMAN SHOOTING RANGE AND HIKING TRAILS!<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
One of my classrooms has a real, honest-to-god blackboard. Nostalgia & pleasure in simplicity battles with annoyance at chalkdust...
Thanks for the tweet!
Thanks, Jenny! It was a lot of fun :-)
THank you Jijie! it means a lot! Blessings
Love you.
RETURN TO FOREVER...<3
My Biggest #SocialMedia Peeve = Getting 'Active' on #SocMedia Only After a #Crisis Happens
Love, love your new avatar photo with 'censored' written across it. You go girl!
Bear Down
Hah--who'd the #Suns get in the playoffs? I'm hoping my #Clips can sew up home court tonight. #Grizzlies are gonna be tough
Save the Date! 6-9 September | Middle Atlantic Optometric Congress | Pittsburgh/Monroeville, PA, USA. Details soon!
"Find what you love and let it kill you." - Bukowski
Happy Birthday and !!! Also, to my baby brother who is now 12!! :D
You will not beat my ass :o
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...do wrong for the right reasons
No one I follow has tweeted for more than 4 minutes? I thought Twitter was broken.
I'm feelin all anxious and weird cause of the news my mom just told me...
I need to shower! Blah! I smell like last nights bon fire still.
Forgiveness is to have a short memory for the things that dont matter.
Newt making up history lessons on the spot is like Giuliani using 9/11 event for his campaign in 08.
I have no problem with Smith saying that about Davis re: Dieng. But man, what does he hope to accomplish with all the smack talk?
Tell me about this "more hiring, more making" thing.
Rise & Grind Fam!!! Be Sucka Free 2 Anything/one, keep your goals to yourself & push thru it. -J.O
One of 12 Crucial Consumer Trends for 2012: being FLAWSOME. Human, honest, flexible. YES!!!
I made my appointment to get my tattoo done!! cant wait til april!
You'll also win a copy of our album "Defriend Me"
Congrats! I love walking -- it's good for the body & soul. Here's to many more miles in your future!
lol I get you ma read this next one
WOW!! THE WEEKDAYS ARE FILLING UP! We have a few more WEEKDAY SPECIAL SLOTS LEFT! 4 Hour Weekday Rental (including Sunday) $250
r u and tony going out tonight?
Real talkRT : Lol my dad just told me its a beautiful day don't sit n the house go out &amp; enjoy it! Lmmfao
Slow reply texts <
thanks for the re-tweet :)
eating cake
Baby let me love you down. Especially with the makeup on and you being shirtless. Gorgeous.
Come on, atty, kick some insurance company butt!
Great leaders help their teams to choose the best paths toward success.
Where the fuck is the strongs!?
My nigga you slick ; props to you .
I'm not good at explaining things -.-
KILLED IT tonight! Thank you.
We're giving away another $250 gift card today at Eva's Bridal in Oak Creek during their March Madness sale!! Come see us!
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect. People want things to be better. --Esther Dyson
Respect yourself. RT : someone fuck me and pay me in gum.
The only white kid working at the car wash << You lost boy?
A great pair of headphones are like sex toys for your ears
when are you coming to meet me?!?!?!
Everyone is guaranteed to MATURE physically but not everyone will MATURE emotionally. Its not your fault, some will never reach your level.
Best movie 4 emoters. RT : I'm watching Toy Story 3 w/ four emoting kids ranging in age from 5—9…this should be interesting!
considering it took me a MONTH to get it. “: that's a plus!!!!”
Listening to basketball on the radio sucks ass! Fuck you traffic
chillin son... just been workin... what's up
Looking foward to lunch with and at the fig... Yum!
I just hit Cmd+Q to close an app on my PC. Nicely done Apple!
no. got that little project at work I am still trying to complete. ;)
It's been nice being friends with you! Well, "nice."
isn't powerade owned by coke?
good night every one on twitter i am going to bad i dont feel good today bro on mother day bro well bye
I could get on board with that idea. When in June?
Welcome to the terror dome
I'm leaving Facebook.
haha Cat's adorable isn't she? Hehe and thanks u! Hehe xo<U+2665>
I want s'mores.
thanks but no thanks
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston Churchill
Great post!
The girl I'm with just so happens to be the girl I plan on marrying. Three years strong..
Middle of the night drinking alkaline water, listening to rain. A water sign with water thoughts
ta to
I want to know what love is. I want you to show me...
oh shit. Maxi is mad at you and is that all your doing?
hey Marcus
oh ok...yea dat needs to stop...starve a bully feed ur soul:)
Now We Out In Paris, Yeah I’m Perrierin
I don't wana get up outta bed... Just cause i don't wana make it. Lol "/
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,
Wouldn't miss it for the world. Even for this broke college student. Hopefully Eddie and David will keep each other in check.
how so?
Thank you for your support! XOXO You two are amazing=] Happy Holidays <3
Obama mentioned Vladimir Putin "the new Russian president" as if we didn't know who Mr. Putin was...
#Gamestop i can wait for wm12 to get out in stores man
Anyone want to perform my Passion for choir? Please?
#iOS game developed on #Titanium is an international sensation! In 25 countries!! Have you downloaded yet?
Life Happens Part 2
/ Bryan Cook debates are fascinating.
goodnite everyone off to bed ill be twitting soon......
I hate it when my internet drops in the middle of an important conversation .-.
": Enjoy foods with a lot of flavor? Try ’s savory chicken wings marinated in a spicy, tangy sauce:" best wing sauce ever
No You Dont..
Yes it is...looking pretty good to with a little inside pull ; )
That could make a lot of people queasy.....
im so hipster.
Hope everyone is having a great Fourth of July weekend!
what time are we going to start mocki... Er, drinking beer. 630?
i think so.. he didnt die from lol..
it was great to meet you last night!
watching these two old women haha.I like old people! they use to live like 5 houses from Elvis. They are crazy rich!
Ah yes. I remember the days of almost being run over by one of these people... and I have a couple friends who did get hit!
we get a 3 wk break in April. That may as well be a year away. March is a tough row to hoe.
Need these next 5 days to be ridiculously productive in preparation for this weekend!
Just got my mom on twitter. In other news, Corey Webster did not live up to his previous Lambeau performance
YouTube Boost AdWords for Video With Ambassadors, How-to Guide &amp; $75 Ad Credits
where is your favorite place to take a sheet?
Love is so strong it can be dangerous
"To willingly reside in our distress, no longer resisting what is, is the real key to transformation." -Ezra Bayda
Feeling fit today
haha I don't even know what tht means!
and should pick #TheGrammys. That’s a show I’d watch.
Ppl say I'm mean IM NOT I just keep it real && dnt take NO bullshit
so, life is kinda funny at times. and i wanna thank for making me feel like somebody again
I'm starting your trend!
Yes I know how to spell money. But monies looks/sounds better
Lambda Chi Alpha will be colonized at #AmericanU following formal recruitment. Go through recruitment, but don't forget about us!
I don't care what you say, sir, the Compromise of 1850 was no compromise at all! Clay caved to every one of Douglas's demands!
Another Saturday morning w me and on radio, and , , and on TV! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The MLB needs to revisit the suspension policy for pitchers. Suspending a guy for 5 games and then he doesn't a game is stupid.
So sick! What is wrong with this country!
Yeah #Cuse always had a good basketball program. I'am also a die hard fan of them in football.
No psycho Bachmann either! RT : Read my hips , no new Texas - Michelle Bachman to Governor Rick Perry
Never in my life will I be able to say "two guys are after me and idk which one to choose"
cheer up dickhead
what a n00b ... Rookie mistake haha
still no start time? I may need to hit up Shopko and buy a Bartman-esque AM/FM so I can listen to the Crew at the Bucky game!
Thanks for sharing! :D
I think that is a scam
LOL! ;) RT : Terrible news about Pantheon going GA. It's going to destroy my black market invite code business.
i just finished whiting my week with marilyn not bad.
Shower, blunt, Muzik....
dear lored, i practically have to put my collie's head in the slats for grooming!
Beginning rehearsals in earnest tonite...looking forward to working with a new group of talented actors to make V. Room come alive.
You can see the book trailer here bit.ly/pjQOVC RT : The trailer rocks!
let's drink
I do not want to get out of bed.
good day, but not a good night..
Another bad dream. Awesome
House of blues friday march 4th I'm playing with my full band featuring new guitarist kenta hayashi from the band Four Minutes Til Midnight!
thanks for the retweet Ms. Team Red. :) #loveanimals too :) Have fun in Miami!
im ready for the weekend
they knew you were coming.
Flipped on my radio and Phil Schaap is playing all Lester "Prez" Young for President's Day on 89.9 FM? Hail!
Can I bend over and put my ass in your face while your tongue is giving my pussy deep penetration
Why did Frankenstein's monster give up boxing?Because he didn't want to spoil his looks.
#GrammarSchoolMemories -- Me: sneezes Class: laughs Popular kid: sneezes Class: God bless you sweetheart! May the Lord protect you.
We have a new server ready - vpn-sh5 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It's available in your customer area now.
RT : Yum! RT Perfect Guacamole: ...renowned guacamole is by far 1 of the most famous dishes at
Welcome to Twitter and thanks for following us! Let me know how I can be of service. ~Linda
Playing #Trivia43 in my head, and in my head I'm winning.
NFL Draft's much more enjoyable mute. U don't believe me try it. It's like a Corona commerical on the beach compared to listening to Berman.
Saw with my own 2 eyes today RT : so the brewers are good eh?
Why are my customers late??
... and 7 of our 10 questions were included in the NAN questionnaire!
I didn't even get to school yet and I can't wait for the end of it
Join us for a glass of FREE wine at Sketch Wine Bar on 101 Broadway tonight at 5PM. Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
As you we get on you stop tweeting people :(
Lets make it happen !!!
just fuck it!!! I need to see you soon!
Wow! I didnt realize my prep score would be so low. Time to stockpile!
or is it the girl who be thirsty for you?
An important thought just popped into my head. I have a house... so why don't have I have pink yard flamingo?! cc:
#ThingsMyBestfriend Does Is Make Me Laugh & Smile^.^ unlike my other who just judges me t-.- i love u nancy ^-^
At some point you have to realize that some people are simply ment to stay in your heart, not your life.
You take my phone... I take your soul...
F that. We're winning this.
“: If you don't know, now ya know” OK, now I know!
thx for following! Any questions, shout. We want CodeSquare to help you stay in touch w more of your customers.
ok, just text me with a time. caleb is napping now. we will bring draaaaaannnnnnnnkkkkkkssssssssssss. lol
Cheer up buddy, lots of games left this season :-)
Chiefs defense is doing good...but Palko needs to step it up!
imagine the possibilities for kids' birthday parties alone! :D
Here at the "Interface Technology: Gesture Systems and Beyond" talk with iSchool Prof. Luis Francisco-Revilla!
Perhaps a new blog post? RT : Startups can learn a lot from business moms. Hire one today. They know more than you.
I have 416 followers, i want you to be the 417th ;) Your.Welcome. Haha <3 Follow?
Boston bound tomorrow to go see my top lady We are going to wreck the town+ by wreck the town, I mean eat food+hang out.
I am losing alote of my followers <U+E40F><U+E40F><U+E411><U+E411><U+E411>
#ff <-- cause he's good with the woodwinds
Make sure you get #occupylachlan on podcast.
If ur gf/bf don't get jealous then they don't love you
Hahaha "Fat ass bitch. Fuck you." Why did just took the words right out of my mouth though!!
Feels so amazing to just relax and not stress bout any more finals.
lolol we go to Griffith ain't non but dem fake ass wanna b lookin asses(;
I love she da #SEXIESTESTESTEST!!!!! woman
I am so thankful for the 22 Conservatives who voted against this sham of a bill!
Ok. Let me know and I will ck it out!
Ah geez. I think the SiriusXM #Royals #Twins broadcast i a full 4 minutes behind MLB Gameday! #royals v
does he have to appeal if willing to walk on first year
Yes - is right by the stadiums, in Pioneer Square. Would love to get together :)
"you will soon achieve perfection" thank you, fortune cookie.
How long does a company have to be around until we stop calling it a "Start Up"?
That being said, I can promise you they are going to get absolutely annihilated by OKC. Have fun with that, bandwagon.
Just left the office.... it is 930 pm on a Saturday night. Is there something wrong with this picture???
Jealous about Juster! (But happy you got to hang with him.)
(where dem dollaz at nigga) IN MY POCKETZ YA BITCH!!
you are simply awesome. Keep doing what you do. :)
I totally will. I could use both lol.
Opportunity is like Easter. It's out there hidden and ready to be found! But if you wait too long or find it too late, it stinks!
- A more serious request - play some Mirah!
"i don't care anymore this is my rife!"
I don't even like hotdogs like that, but part of me wants to see what all the fuss is about lol
"DON'T LET EM FOOL YA COPPER... THEY'RE IN THERE."
Two lead singers out sick. I got to practice all sorts of melodies for Friday night's show. JWP @ M&S Grill in Reston, VA. Join us!
Going well. I update all my workouts on the P90X app. Haven't been in the forum lately. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> But I'll hop back in.
You seeing Chris Miles all over ESPN with Sean Payton talking?
BLOCK PARTY THIS SUNDAY... who are you bringing??
Are you going to chase after the U.S title when you return?
jerks. Moving up in the world?
Undergrads today seem astonished at what a reference work can do for them. One told me it was "amazing" all this "stuff" was in one place!
Feeling like nobody love!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Confession: When I was a little girl I think I had a crush on the painter dude with the big afro on channel 13
Sad news that Pat Summitt is stepping down at Tennessee. Sending prayers her way in her battle with dementia.
WAIT!!! they killed star burns?? BUT WHY???? ALEX a.k.a. STARBURNS!! :(
Its hot af in southern Illinois...
you and me both ;)) actually I'll say it depends on what I'm drinkin ....
I know! Gonna have to just pray for that!
keep it 100
love u 2
Beautiful! Thanks for standing in gaps both WITH and FOR us. It means more than you know.
Actually, you have to keep it to be worth it. But don't slow down if that's your number :) !
Teachout's twittered "The Letter" pretty good in Santa Fe premiere last night but opera in English still like pasta with mayo.
Thanks again!
Thanks! So we can narrow the problem down, would you mind telling us what TN city you live in & what cable provider you use?
It is a breath of fresh air to interact with a customer centric company like versus a company that focuses on Danica.
He's back
thanks Shelley!
Welcome to my world.
Multitasking like crazy at work. Good thing I'm sitting down.
I think Facebook will now try to buy Instagram again.
Why did I empty all of the air out of the tube last year?
truth! & with 4 picks in rd 7 (Schlauderaff, 2x compensatory) TT with options to move up in mid rounds or stack up on OL.
'King of Bain' and now I'm thinking Sting's 'King of Pain'
Funny, never thought I'd be flying to somewhere other than the south pacific... Scotland via london-bound.
hey girl!
"Oh you can use any color but pink" -said me to the cake lady. Then I pick up the cake. And it's god damn pink.
Syracuse proves its the best team in the BigEast
Love is too amazing to sacrifice for fear of losing it.
girl please!! I'm a bad ass bitch!! I'm fucking awesome!! :)<3 haha #don'thate
Sleeper theme of the series is Clippers can't keep Rudy Gay out of the middle.
sure you are. Lol let him pick if he wants!
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 22, 2012
Magic = Amazing
Happy Friday!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld (500) Days of Summer, and any movie with Christian Bale in it.
Dude , its Raining ...
Sure thing! I've found Google forms very easy to use. They include great colorful reports too.
at the UT-Mizzou game in columbia
I'm not deaf
watching the old videos on ShootUsDown. But he'll always be the same Austin. True Mahomies will ALWAYS support him through everything, even
thanks! :D woah.. u did? awesome! :D
Um I Just Unfollowed you Stupidd
Heh. I was debating eating now...
Done covering Chaminade's #signingday. Story should be up soon on the Herald website. Now it's off to #FIU for their #signingday presser.
RT Your best bet with a #Pisces is to just be yourself.
My friends are hilarious.
I mean, when did we turn into my parents?
OMFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG MY BABIES
I just need 3 more songs :O
Law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Direc. of Student Recruiting tomorrow from 4-7pm at JMU in the Festival Conference and Student Ballroom
Word. ": not in school anymore, but it just so happens i will be in Boston on saturday for earthfest! I may stop by!"
text me?
Road trip to Philly for and wait!!!!
The new web portal might help spread environmental news and help faculty incorporate into classroom.
Winning is about his art, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
I need someone to drink with
its awn now! I'm marking this in my calendars. Garbage plates?
wow! forgot how much I LOVE six flags (:
haha where is this at?
Me too. I think these are tough issues, unclear law. Court of Appeals even punted. Wonder what Supremes will do.
Moved on to French toast tonight!
Hope you all had a wonderful "Leap day"!
Intense cleaning mode.. This never happens!!!!
"You chewed me up and spit me out, like I was poison in your mouth....but that was then and this is now" is a great lyric.
what did i say?
what channel?
Bipolar people tho'.. It's unreal
Congrats man! I will make sure to check it out.
I'm sure has an opinion about this
My new website www.fitapellilaw.com looks great! Thanks
Why is it that god gave cats 9 lives and rappers only 1
#Brewers.game with tonight. Down with the Scrubs!
Raekwon - Staten we go Hard
welcome to Twitter!
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
Yes, so proud! <3 RT : might have just jammed out to one direction when I was making myself dinner be proud <3
Have you checked out WikiMeg.com?
good morning!(: how are you this lovely morning?
hit all three lol.
32 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Nope, I'm rockin' out at the statehouse tonight for #vikings stuff. Who needs bands when you have a room full of legislators?
We got a new song coming out. It is going to be huge!!!!!
Yesterday was mothers day so I forgot to tweet, too busy hanging with my mom lol but happy late mothers day to you all.
Checkered Socks is a Ska site dedicated to everything involving Ska music started up by Tony Rad..I am a blogging minion =]
#BIGANG better be the next trending topic
Pandora is going right now with this session
might have the best avatar on Twitter.
only positive reviews, of course. "Wyatt Earp-like." (Admittedly, I don't actually know what that means.)
Biggest epic fail in history: Dark Lord vs innocent baby named Harry.... Harry wins.
Help. Me. Now.
Decided to try out First up: In The Plex by
Knowing you can be yourself around eachother.
NC's not in the top 15. But no need to move -- change from within! :) Stay tuned, it's coming up in the next few days.
never again! I'm so embarrassed being sick all over his house! :(
Despite a 35-hr workweek (recently been softened), high payroll taxes & a militant workforce, France is the 5th-largest economy in the world
Craving some chocolate coconut water
My friend ashton doesn't remember me and some people at my school that I haven't talk to for years don't!
Does Ann Romney think she can relate to avg American women? All this debate on rosen's comments,
Oh wow!
Thank you for the inspiration and the lesson on a business plan it was invaluable to me, may all your dreams come true
Guess who's having the #bestweekever? Hint: It's me.
Inspired and exhilerated from attending Event Solutions Conference. Thats a feeling you can't get any other way but meeting in person ESCS10
#walkingdead was so good. Wow.
Vitamin A is known to be the best eye cure. If your eyesight is not good, products rich in vitamin A should appear in your daily intake.
You look at the background of idiots
same here
100 years ago the Titanic set sail. I'm still amazed and intrigued.
Love the black bottom blog! Enjoyed profile on Gustavo Adolfo Aybar
i didn't know supported #NOH8 love her even more now!!
When it's hot outside and you can't wear shorts cuz it looks like you are wearing polka dotted tights 24/7.... Damn razor burn <U+E406>
From the mouth of , "What's the ROI of not doing it?"
friend who took classes there suggests Hollywood Magic store on Hllywd blvd or, if you call the Castle, they hint at where to go
saw your bball skills with the globetrotters on the chew. Nice moves!
Depends on your definition of "great." Sadly, my food court mentality is usually "escape with my life, maybe not edible food."
That just seems like a bad idea. RT Are there academic libraries using OAuth 2.0 to login to databases?
Girl u know it. I'll have to update you, hun!!
Attended the 1st Annual Guitar Festival at Las Vegas Academy. Excellent. Very inspiring and I came away with many new ideas.
that's what I'm sayin!!
Hear bug in my hair. run around trying 2 shake it out n nothings coming out. fam thinks i'm crazy #awkward. 5 min finally find it1
The Commish at Marlins game, left us alone in the Front Office now...Yay!
Taking pictures of the amazing DJ Amanda Panda (aka my ex roomie, good friend and #frankerton's mommy) today. Pretty stoked!
oh nice - thanks for the hint
We ain't them...
Diggin' the related properties feature. :)
Dear #annromney: Democrat moms have problems too. You aren't "special".
I don't think I've ever spelled the word fluoroscent correctly. See? Uh, flurescent? Flourescent? Dammit.
Choose "like" if baseball practice is starting soon for your son!
Pinterest is time-sucking my goddamn life away
Saints Sean Payton suspended for a year (amongst others), Tebow to the Jets and Uecker gets his own statue?!
We can't wait to COUNTRY with you! Welcome to the Woo.
i love to eat....wouldnt you like to live to be a hundred?? not if i cant eat tacos and cheesecake
Watching coach carter !
If you running a company everything should have a deadline....just because you not in the game doesnt mean you dont operate like it
"Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait, Not me, you." - Jack Handy Deep Thoughts
Not too happy. I take any business I'm involved in rather serious...I wish everyone would do the same!
YES! I'll be there!
This Clippers/Memphis game gettin' live.
Thanks for the #FF mention!
That's what my brother is for...
Scottsdale Arabian Horse Show to offer discounted Arizona Diamondback tickets to spectators! Details to come....
Orangebloods.com hit a new record today- 4,708 Texas fans online at the same time. Way to go team!
wha u saying my boi! Long time I got some heat for u guys!
I just turned on the radio and right when I turned it on 1D started playing. Im pretty sure I lost 100 pounds jumpin up and down, fangirling
“: I passed out last night. I think someone drugged my drink. All fourteen of them. .. Smh”
-idk bout this account..now working out.
it's fine though. I love that show. I wish it was one. And anything for you best cupcake maker friend.
how's it feel to make $$ at the strip club?
#MyBiggestFearIs losing anyone EXTREMELY CLOSE TO ME. idk wtf I would do
check us out at think you'll like it. Imagine you could see what any place looks like...right now
I can't message ppl who aren't following me. But pry so.
Dude lets leave now this library is not a pleasant place
Thx, glad you liked it!
Seriously dude! It's like there's a rule that states if you're under 20, act like a douche! Hahahaha!
"Do you have a question for Sandy Koufax? / Yes. Mr. Koufax, don't you think Flanders is a big jerk?"
They have grown so much *tear*
I Love you and i vote for you <3
When you're ready just say you're ready.
a registered agent receives service of process (lawsuit papers), tax notices & other official communications on a company’s behalf
It's just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday 'Cause that's my funday My I don't have to runday It's just another manic Monday
Estrada -Update: Now on pace for 18 strikeouts and a no-no! Go
Just got asked to test an iPhone app for a friend of a friend...very intriguing!
well, I'll be back in ATX tonight!
#nowreading Lynn Spigel's "Make Room for TV: Television and the Family Ideal is Postwar America"
neither both blow budget.
you made your baby girl cry :c
I'd rather have lost 21-12 last night. At least that would mean that we didn't get shut out by Jeff Suppan. Is anything more humiliating?
I'm tired of sucking.
Everyone has to ante or just on the button?
gets a follow cuz he gave me some real good music to listen to. keep that hot ish comin
If it stands, is that catch better than David Tyree? WOW
RT : There are 2 ideas I've been obsessed with. One is The other is Thrilled someone is building this!
OMG I'M SEEING LATER. THEIR CONCERTS ARE SO FUN AND AMAZING. I'M READY TO RAGE! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN'T WAIT! <3
Then what grade are you in?!
u think he beats Aldo?
thats pretty awesome.
classic philosophy right there
I was very surprised!! I think Snape is hot, so I guess I'm in good company!
Late night whataburger.
Paul Revere if u make me pick one...license to ill is one of best CDs of all time.
I got a question for you bout bizz, fb so I can dm you
nice hanging out yesterday. See you soon.
just had some osaka hahaha
When two people stop texting you at the same time... O.o
relax, relate, release. If the music is bad, go to the corner store and get some candy.
ok I goodnightsleeptight and if u still need to vent tomorrow u have me <3
good morning love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
You are your own first customer. If you are not happy with your work or using your product, no one else will be either.
Superbowl menu keeps changing...i've got to get my stuff done so I can finally go shopping and get to work.
I'm interested in knowing what the investigation into the #TrayvonMartin killing will discover abt Zimmerman's neighborhood watch group?
going to get chippy if they don't.
Patients with orphan diseases deserve same rights to therapies as every other patient. Current economic models make this challenging
My calculations show 0.001% chance of crew displeasure. Either a rounding error, or the off-chance of a crazy person in the crew.
Lmao Idk I was sleeping and boom I wake up with my mattress on the floor lol
first time at headquarters, pumped about it.
The weather is nice out today but this is Chicago so I better hurry up & enjoy it before it changes in a couple of hrs
They're playing a prom tonight and it would honestly mean the world if we could get #TSPARMY popular c: tweet it up guys!
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady love the way you shady
Felt unaccountably low last night, but good this morning. Reading a silly, unconvincing book abt faculty "incivility." Uncivil to say that?
Last chance to talk about acquiring the rights to your handle! Happy to offer incentives. Please DM / reply ASAP and we can discuss
Nothing better than getting to train with my better half
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Chicagoans don't mess around come spring. We're going to the Botanic Gardens tomorrow.
Though I like a good cry as much as the next guy, looking forward to hearing more about the new online database at #webwise day2
Life is too short to be unhappy. Always forgive but never forget. People change and things go wrong but always remember LIFE GOES ON<3
I miss the Ground Zero days; $5 with a can of food!
omg , you are killing me. <3
RT : Finish what you're writing. Whatever you have to do to finish it, finish it. NEIL GAIMAN
Isn't that fascinating! All in an ep about how expensive the Beatles are, then and now! Loved it!
9-hour educational neuroscience course today. Loved the topic, plus good info, but ready to engage in something besides a lecture.
great, thanks!!
Thanks for the RT. Let us know if you would like your own custom design!!
July's first Volunteer Orientation tonight! We have a good number signed up and would still love to see you! Call 275-4040 to register!
“: I wanna meet myself as someone else just to see what it feels like." omg same!
I love you too <3
Can we get down on a personal level
"He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything."
I'm gone to the moon *future voice*
our 50th anniversary. It's our old theme song. :)
Welcome New Mexico High School Basketball Teams! Good Luck at State! NMAA Events
uh oh now i'm on your list!
that's ok! We will miss you too but glorify the Lord through schoolwork!
About to upload another cover :))
Christians have Christmas. I have Bike To Work Day. Thanks y'all for riding. You are awesome!
When I try & not show my emotions it's still kind of noticeable, because I don't have like any spark/pizazz to me. Gotta learn to hide it
yes it must be great. I wouldn't know .
K ill bring mine n.n
Soul Sister
Dear Josh Trank: you call that an ending?damn kids!
Ive fucking had it with my mom.
Saw great talent today.
hey can you help me get up there?
Lmao! RUN. RT : When Ximena and I were walking and we saw her bestfriend and I was all "should we walk faster? Orr run?"
Legit copy of Win 7 Ultimate en route. Yay!
The Dirty Verbs are setting up. Time to lay down some groves.
Thank you for the suggestions. Folksonomies and tagging were both on my short list of alternate topics. Lots of good sources.
I think they have no clue when he's coming back.
I am at that level of caffeination wherein I will "like" every damn thing you post on Facebook, so get it all out.
i will ever have bieber fever cuz is a terminal illness for all life ;D love you
hahahaha! It's so crazy that I saw the sunrise and then I went to sleep. I woke up at 3:30pm... haha
i wasnt mad I wouldnt switchjust to win I did it because i was bored and i switched back becausei was tired ofnades
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Remember it's about love, not just romantic love. Appreciate everyone that's nice to you and show them!
Poor Alex got alerted by every post in this crazy debate.
Slushies = my new addiction!
High ass shit!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
THANK U SISTER<3 Love u too
u didnt invite me
I sure do! Every party in Vegas
Just imagine how their meetings must have gone. "I think we should have them be sewn ass to mouth...3 was good, but let's try 12"
Every Single Time I See Your Face, It Reminds Me Of Why I Walked Away
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. Jim Rohn
I thought this is the goal of the GOP so they could blame the shut down on Obama to get him out of office!!!
Lol. Oh, I thought you was trying to talk that cash shit.
lol good excuse
el bajón y el delirio. planning for travels in the middle of mexico. less than three months away.
It's a RATATAT kinda day
Hey, I didn't say anything about no withdrawal haha
Is Cincy worried about Leon Hall?
you can see my place on that map!!
Success only comes to those that seek it. Failure comes to those that do not seek out success! Make 2012 your year for success.
Back in Philly...
#MyBiggestProblem trusting people to fast.
Undercapitalization! Underestimating a restaurant’s startup costs can result in bankruptcy.
Anti-Regular.
A tale of two weddings
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -Billie Jean King
Congress is inept & self serving. The Budget standoff is shameful w/ no regard to its impact on the average citizen.They all need to resign.
I bought a bag of m&m's and they were all brown!!! So I threw them away!!!!!
My life is almost perfect! I am so happy, for real. Best night dancing at Millennium Holla! Now onto vocal stuff for my lessons tomorrow!!!
#drupalcon #ux menu and UI constructs like "module" and "structure" should be tested BEFORE they're rolled out.
great show Sat. night. I thoroughly enjoyed you guys & Thanks to for putting on another great show
About to start work on capitol hill...I'm too nervous/excited to sleep
In the preliminary process of getting my script, Pick Me!, filmed. Auditioned for student film at SCC.
Call us at Fife Flowers if you are interested in Kitten and/or Cat adoptions.
you sure did but why you gotta be so realistic lol
this chic flirting w pauly was my inspiration for that tweet.. the f*** she think she's foolin
RESPECT THE NEXT MAN'S/WOMAN'S GRIND
As first responders, #LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital.
couldn't even remember where he put his drink lmao
not much. How is she
he restricted 25/345 D1 programs. I dont love it but still better than cutting a kids schollie, which many do but Bo never has
Ever been to Amsterdam? My favourite, relaxing hang-out!
you and need to come down to KC sometime.
That IS some shit. Did no one ever tell him how to do a thumbs up?
okay we will find you something better :)
my mother passed away Jan 28th of 2010 so I haven't been on the computer much. I need to do more business to keep my mind focus on the good.
you know this and the original are my two fave movies?
My Look Is Copy Written Yu Cud Tell I Made It ...
I'm starting to think Asami's not bad, but she's about to be caught in the middle of some pretty bad things...
I had a good day today :)
but its not bringin me dwn .. glad im movin !!((:
Im up early getting my oil change.. got to keep my 2011 #FordFusion running good!
Happy Kwanzaa: Seven day celebration from Unity (Umoja) ending with Faith (Imani)!
Making mothers laugh regardless of the topic is money.
Super letdown; super moon looks super normal from EG, RI.
developing how? (Sorry i just seen the tweet Abt developing)
I'm expecting to be ravished with gifts.
happy birthday Erica. Tell Eric I said happy birthday. Love ya.. :-)
It's my 20th birthday I really need to push myself...this is why I love phil
So sweet to know that someone cares(:
The only person than me who I believe had a worse day was Amy Senser.
u deserve it
braves suck too!
I know you do this on purpose to annoy me.
Only my brother would wear a shirt I bought him to his baby shower. It has Jar Jar on it and says "You never go full retard."
bitch im the shit so u know i
¤ The ability to focus attention on important things is a defining characteristic of intelligence. Robert J. Shiller
Come check out surrendervegas tonight where Steve aoki is going to have his b-day! Only
who else counts their chicken nuggets just to see if you got an extra one? lol
Be weird cause there's no such thing as normal and if your weird your Grand <3 said by the grandest man there is
Why is it that Facebook even gives me the option to 'Like' my own status? Of course I like my status. I'm hilarious.
It's sad how I know the whole icecream truck's price sheet by heart.
thank you for the update! Really happy about two of the fixes in particular. Great job! Love your editor.
No, I did not know Conor Oberst made a "punk" album.
Doing my best to bring my spirit of aloha to the fore today... and not bean someone with a spare hard drive instead.
Reynolds music is Bel Biv DeVoe's Poison. Wilson Betemit's is Push It by Salt N Pepa. If Andino's is I Wanna Sex You Up, it's over
Am riding riding n getting it
I miss you too!! How's everyone doing?? :)
Soon Holiday ------->finally
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets..
you iz mean :(
Idk why blk ppl are appalled that zimmerman got bond. It's not surprising to me. I won't be surprised if he gets aquitted
Without the specific intention to respond in positive and specific ways, we don’t make the positive difference we seek to achieve.
Good! I just read the first chapter.
oh...i just got home and turned it on in time for the grand slam. #GOCUBS! :)
RT : More animals & friendly staff. This is our first season pass, we love it - members forever.
Red, see you cut them off, i see ya lil bro
What a long day! I'm finally getting hooked to Catchig Fire but my dad yelled at me for being obsessed with the Hunger Games..
Markland Hanley awarded, by client, Navistar, Inc., its 2008 Law Department Diversity Recognition Award
Republican budget says the only safety net we need is defense -- Ryan's budget adds to defense spending while ending medicare as we know it
aww thats good :) but yep i had a little rough patch
#youdeservetobesingle when your bf says: "i'm gonna be back by 10:00 a'right? imma go cheat on you, brb..."
The Madison Fire Department's scuba team recovered a body from Monona Bay near Brittingham Park on Monday morning. More details to come.
Lotus Festival from is up next. "Your wristband is like a passport to the world," says the presenter.
Success is a journey. It can get very lonely sometimes.
Had a dream last night where I covered Owner of a Lonely Heart alongside Paul Stanley in a camp in the middle of Africa.
Wonder what Wilson does to Victorino in that circumstance? #youjustgotknockedthefuckout!!
I'm not going to let what you did to me, ruin my happiness forever :)
you're hot ;D
Dishes... done. Laundry... done. Dinner? In the process ;)
is speaking about the National Privacy Principles (AU), and connecting those to libraries.
Small computer viruses can cause BIG computer problems!!!
you're so adorable Dahvie <U+2665>
Listen, you're singing to the choir here. Let's hold hands and sing Kum-bay-a.
haah how? i do love fudge rounds(:(:(: i always ask for them
plano tx! & its just me who runs this shit
see what eye mean. Loll doin all u can to not let me play with my team! Just admit it. With OREGON eyem HELL.
Some feelings don't go away. They just get avoided.
horrible passing and lack of quickness out of the pens is negating any chances they might have at Bryz.
Thank you kindly :)
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. ~Nido Qubein
Doin' what I do and thats how it should be. I don't conform or deal with crap. You got something to say to me, say it..don't be a puss
$2.50 Bud light drafts all day. Come watch all your favorite Football Teams with us!!! We have Pro & College football packages!!!
#Netflix needs to change something drastic to keep it's "brand power" dominance. Reconfigure your pricing structure!!
PLEASE DON'T HURT YOURSELF! I know life may be difficult but it doesn't mean to give up! IT'S OK! YOU ARE NOT ALONE! :'(
OMG ! O.O You craziee mf pandapire <-- Its a panda & a vampire Lmfao
thank you, for making such a cute yet pointless iphone 4 case! you owe me $25!
but you shouldn't or it'll hang...lol...or is it bomb #geektalk. :-)
Logan Henderson who else would it be?
join my campaign to get lyrics on RapGenius- perma-banned for controversial exegesis on "The ROC (just fire)".
Can yesterday just not have happened?
Ok i been gone for a min bout to get back on my twitter shit
Haha glad I'm not the only one.
When people attempt to make you jealous when you really couldn't give two shits about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Don't know who's liable but I know some professionals that'll be there within seconds to provide emergency medical care!
N. Carolina just reminded me why I never stopped there while driving back to Georgia.
Ok, catching the last 9 laps of the #NASCAR race.
Almost Done reading a book
Yes I want to see every child who is hungry fed and cold clothed homeless shelter provided for
Its on! WMC Pre-Party !! Come show your love!
haaahaa why are you soo sexy ? :P:P
In addition to lurking on Facebook, what else are you doing on this snow day?
Come join us this Thursday at Rusty's Surf Ranch on the Santa Monica Pier for a Battle of the Bands. We play at 9:30pm. And it's a free one!
Nice shot! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
thanks man. Feels good to get back on the road again!
Congrats to Bell Board member Linda Morton. Sen Ed committee recommends her reappointment to Western State College Board.
Nice f*cking cowboy hat. Just come from the rodeo?
I'm adopting the #76ers as my playoff team since my beloved couldn't be the ones to beat Chicago.
Seconded. MT I wish people would just say TY instead of RT all the nice things said about them.
So ppl can talk shit and not get put in they place....swear they met the right one, ASSES use to getting away with shit NOT THIS TIME HMMP!
Christina Georgina Rossetti~ Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Emily who is he?
- good question. Don't really know how they would master key back then. Stepped levers? Multiple gates in levers? Not sure.
Glad you are intrigued! Send us a project for #CrowdSexing please! We would love to see it!
entered the MTC nine years ago today
Meeting in NYC went great, opportunities for FANSHOES are endless. Getting ready to fly back to Rochester. NY tonight.
Never trust a skinny chef. Happy Friday!!!
I want someone who can't stand the thought of losing me
Dayton airfares remain to be a bargain
Not really In a good mood
my bad.
check! And check!
I love this one! Tweet like no one is following. Thanks, J.
Ready to forget about jobs and graduating for a few days and just spend time with friends
Garabage bags without the draw strings are the dumbest invention ever. Period.
Today's my daddy's 38th birthday :') I love him so much.
it's official... tickets purchased to see trance legend himself !!! been wanting to see him forever, can't wait to trance dance!
yes it is. Attending the grammys tomorrow. Very much in shock to hear she passed.
16-24 inches of snow predicted for friday here in charlottesville. giving in to mother nature and heading to target to buy some boots.
on the bus im bored
For every vote that Scotty and Lauren get tonight, will grow a new beard hair.
what about her boyfriend or did that end like the last
True! I may have to hit that up this wk. RT : Would have rather been at the all you can Eat Sushi place in Sunny Isles.
Looking forward to keynote by at ARLD on Friday
but i guess its better then me saying ba da ba ba da im lovin' it OVER AND OVER
i let the little things to get me! and thats what destroys me:/
As a musician whatever u do don't fly Swiss Air!!! It sucks Major!!! AZZZZ!!! POOF!!!!!
Livin' young, wild, and free !!!
Music and love.
so, i was just loadin up the dishwasher and thought: will people ever "check in" to such things? We could call it: ChoreSquare
OMGosh Missouri u just screwed my brackets... Ugh
One Direction!!!
Goodbye spring break...
Mixing tracks.
Expert in the art of conversation. Veteran in the written word. A literary architect constructing a bridge of words.
congrats! its awesome how your music is touching the younger generation. keep extending the kingdom. "he sees the best n u, LOL!
"For every purchase made with your new LivingSocial rewards card, you will receive 10 Schrute bucks."
if/when I'll stay with verizon..I fear an iPhone,, tweet & youtube & netflix @ work,,lol
After week #1 with my #PlayBook, all is well. It's great being on the leading edge of cutting edge technology. Thanks
yeah most definitely! =]
Roses are red violets are blue vodka cost less then dinner for 2.
Free admission to our galleries the first Wednesday of the month - wait, that's today! We're open 11 am to 5 pm.
You can make calls and knock on doors from September until today but unless you vote, none of it actually matters. Make your voice heard!!!!
hi smiley :)
ok I will. I recognized you from YT
Seriously, how valuable would it be to be able to avoid broken hips, sprained ankles and slip and falls at Target?
fact! Be careful on the rest of your trip back to braska!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
"Blue Side Down" The bottom of the J24 sailboat was blue. ;)
lol definitely! Thats what I think every time u shoot!
OSAA Class 6A and 5A semifinals tonight, the big game of the week for KOIN: Jesuit vs. West Salem - who do you think will win?
Nannies, don't forget to check out Facebook wall for great opportunities all over the East coast! Happy Monday!
Hope to see you there! RT : sounds like big fun
Thank you! Can't wait to wear them out.
daily reminder
So, hey, how about those Twins?
Thinking about oral history and digital preservation
Getting my priorities straight!!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com register to gain full access to all the live games tonight enjoy!!!
must give him a chance. we clearly lacked depth in our midfield after January and he has shown during his loan he can play
Why does England still cover for Wayne Rooney's behavior?
I am following you
BADGERS VERSUS THE CUSE NEXT THURSDAY...WHATS BETTER THAN THAT???
I see "selective sharing" part of person-centered permissioned collection, use, sharing, and monetization of personal data
I feel so bad for this Muslim girl jogging right now in her little dress thing
I havent seen these people in over 10 years...
heath slater is the best superstar in the wwe
twitter was nothing without me
#Blackhawks and #Cubs lost today. Terrible day for Chicago sports.
City planning director Tom Stosur will be goiving a brief update on zoning changes at Midtown's Fall Town Hall meeting Oct 20 7pm.
Looking for a spectacular bridal show in LA? Unveiled Bridal is THE show. April 1- tickets still available. Come visit us!
A's sign another Aussie in Travis Blackley, wonder if Dave Nilsson is available.
okie.I may have an idea but I'll keep it for myself now!How's you?(:
tumblr cant get any more addicting..
Nigga bet not think to open his Echophone tonight
I love my president.
Follow all FMQB Music News Stories
haha Laurissa I think we were kind of going out in 7th grade
I got on mt retros
TabPress by should be working now - there was a Facebook glitch earlier.
mags are you going to the drake concert wednesday?
JUNE 20: Hexawolf Jury, Everyone Dies in Utah, and The Greenery at BAD FISH BAR (Pearland, TX)
I love you so much that I'd bury you in wings
been away fr the beach too long. I'm back to milk jug white boy. They did stare at my hair tho.
gotta go my bf wants to....uh...yeah do something important see ya
Just watched Spike Lee's "If God is Willing and Da Creek Don't Rise" Pt.1 on HBO. Have you seen it?
I agree with the welch start idea. I like Welch's pass/ shoot option.
Given that most of us have 24/7 access to duct tape, there's really no excuse for not taking care of things.
playing some games killing some time
RT'd RT'ng Atlantic piece. I've arrived. Somewhere. As the great man once said, "This is my happening and it freaks me out!"
where you at in NYC? i need to see you! just for lik 5 min? <3 miss you so much! love you broo<3
Heard in the #PersonalLibrarian office suite "I have a problem. I can never go into the Diana without buying #frenchfries."
for Williams: Who generally serves longer terms: University officials or State legislators?
At #dhcom, great project descriptions and arguments for colleagues as well as administrators
Introducing Trapp Candles at Watts! Stop in & enter to win over $100 of Trapp Fragrances. No purchase necessary.
how be you?
“Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.”
Insights into networking & sales: just ask & have very disciplined approach to closing - Catherine Rohr of Defy Ventures
That same pretty face you chasing will hurt you in the WORST way....
Really enjoyed the show and crowd last night at The Chameleon Club, thanks to all who came out.
1/21 Dinner App Special: Creole Seared Shrimp with White Cheddar Grits & a Creole Mustard Butter Sauce
Shout out to the #DIETribes in Milwaukee: have fun and learn lots!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in fruit salad.
lmao I've been accepted and everything but I just don't wanna go and spend from may 28th to June 28th at Lmu doing work. Lol
Listening to Suha Alawadi present her Smart Cities project in collaboration w/jochen school and at the
definately not the best move..but certainly the most awesome option :)
#FRIENDS ended 8 years ago today. TODAY. 8 years, can you believe that? They never make shows like that anymore
#TWFanmily is such a great fan base! I'm glad I'm apart of it :)
Guys are dropping like flies in the playoffs. Rose, Shumpert, Noah, Davis...
We just checked, not trending anymore! Boo for dead politicians.
Thanks for the RT Joan!
Riding in elevators by myself.... <<<<<
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine!"
So sleepy...sweet dreams <3
Sugarland tickets coming up! Get your Sugarland trivia caps on...tickets for the Toledo show up for grabs by 4pm
#lockup straight fags
keeping up w/the times, do you know what a Mockingjay is :-) Hint: Hunger Games wkend! lol
I'll be watching you know i'll have eyes and ears all around your school
If you really like someone's clothes, then why are they referred to as "duds"?
Congratulations to our Pacers Vs Bulls Ticket Winner Ray Gomez of Indianapolis!! We will see you on Saturday!
Have a story you want posted on BF3Nation.com ?? Tweet US !!!
Why did Captain Kirk go into the ladies toilet ? To boldly go where no man has been before !
a cool book to parallel with John's awesome work is Joanna Brooks's amazing _American Lazarus_
HA bro. relax
I know, I'm sorry too. I think we're on at different times! She's 3 1/2.
Don't forget about our .TV grand finale at noon w/ #sportlandia too. Gonna be great time!
Love taking care in graveyards, add beauty & care.
did you just show #MaryFallin the "environment wins / USA rocks!" commercial for her to commit state funs for CNG?
yes beard + speedo = comedy gold
just "mentioned" you on the comment thread to the image, so it should pop up next time you log in. Can't describe it here.
NOT LIKE IT WAS LASTNITE
Just don't get it anymore
cheer up!
My bad.... Tv One... they still play the same
I just shit myself. Omg.
Love Laura as peafowl. Please tell her to keep it for Madmen tonight.
I'm thinking we need to put out a BOLO for our !! Missin the lil Sis
dress rehearsal is so stressful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I know where I stand, do you?
what are u talking about?! There a great team!
Im so hungrrryyyy
Yeah. I can't compete w that. RT : Haha! I'm reading Fifty Shades of Grey to see what all fuss about. I have no soul
That awkward moment when some little girls are better dancers than grown men and women
"Been thru so much together it's gonna be hard to let you go!! Maybe It's for the best... Who knows what the future holds..."
Fixing some bugs before launching this month. On the grind. Nothing will stop us.
Yo!! at a Rita Ora event in Soho. You should swing by for a shot.
coming off a youtube binge...3 hrs and tons of meaningless brain numbing videos....
Didn't place in #RB3style but def good memories + experience-- thanks to all my friends for the support & congratulations Mike2600!
Well, The Word Alive is in Florida...I'm at my house.
love hearing this news. Where & When on Baytown Screening? Los Angeles?
RT : What coffee is everyone drinking today? We are drinking Caffe latte over at the station!
RT : The office iced coffee I am drinking doeesn't even compare to the I had this weekend.
My favorite day of the week. Something about new beginnings is so inspiring.
A positioned span next to another in the html acts like it's still there even when moved. Workaround is to put the span somewhere else.
Looking Forward To Your Tweets! Follow Back
RT if you're excited for Christmas! :)
THINK ABOUT HOW I FEEL
hm okaay, whatever you want :3
Thanks, Heather, for the mention
It's so beautiful out #lovethisweather <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
I'm hoping I can tutor at an alt school/job corps my friend is a social worker at. Or at the elem school at UCLA
#top100lies i dont need a men for the moment sorry..
Merritt: Drechsler went "over the line" on phone record comments.
lol, I was like, what is she not getting. Hahaha.
looking forward to running into you two again today
well i know a lot of people missed you at Prom...I hope you are doing better!
To live in the world without becoming aware of its meaning is like wandering about in a great library without touching the books
New a new recipe for later on tonight! 8/15/2010 Please DM Me... If u have anything new.. :)
What is your picture?
What a weekend! 2 GREAT auditions, killer CD Workshop, shot a short on Sunday! And lots of amazing new followers! Welcome all!!!
headed that way Thurs w team of 10 from prayers &supplies coming with us for Tuscaloosa
haha oh dear Zayn this was great ^.^ haha thats why we love you babe :)
whn I went last month, I remembered y I left. It still looks bad.
my mom told me she really was the granny from hansel&gretel and she fattens kids up&eats them.
earache! oh damn! earache. earache! ouch. ouch. must avoid clinic... cough, cough... must ... warn... others... no!
ashly slept over. now we are both laying in bed like bums ha ha.
separation anxiety <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> come back to me and demi
Why does he need 50 beautiful ladies???
You should try the Syrian President's email password: 12345. That might be it.
It's too hot! I wanna go to the beach naked!
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. <U+751F><U+5175><U+6CD5><U+306F><U+3051><U+304C><U+306E><U+3082><U+3068>
Chicken sausage pizza!
Good workout! Going to be sore tomorrow.
haha I forgot! One of their jocks. Their "most popular style" lol
Not sure why 'subjects' matters. They're in the movie driving the plot.
since your in a good mood will u call me 6317640223
If you're wondering how a 26yo cuts their grilled cheese, it's not diagonal.
Which links are you talking about?
Win a 3-Way (to this Sun ) Passes to their exclusive acoustic show before the show w/ at 7:30 tonight.
*TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 2 Instant Tans for $40 or 5 for $70! Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Ask about our HUGE LOTION specials today!
it is so cold in our house but we are not turning on the heat in late April.
paging : MT : Fiscor shows slide of Nazi rally, asks, is the mob always right? Punchline of his #ACTA defense.
Come sweat with me !!!! Keep sweating !!!
I'd be interested to hear about the editorial process, too. But as we know it's perfectly (cont'd)
Thanks for getting up so early this morning to anchor Anna! Always great to work with you
Cooking all night at a michelin star resto doesn't mean I can't scarf a steak and stilton pasty on my way home from work!
#nytnestcam #hawkcam I agree, doing nothing is not a tolerable solution.
great po-boy - thanks
When I'm not around you it's like I'm not me
I think it'll be ok, it's just going to shake its head at me and sigh quietly.
Barry Pollard makes good points about need for sidewalks. Agree on older community needs, but larger policy discussion needs to happen
So sad the Diddy/Dirty Money Concert was cancelled in Jax. :(
Gotta have a Cinderella team to make it interesting... why not Belmont?
The very few people that actually know me can vouch for the person I am.For those of you that don't good luck trying to find out
Enjoy it now Lakers. Oklahoma City is waiting for you
So last night Q put me on that drank and I loved it!!!
Thank you.
Classic New Yorker magazine covers
All of them, that is, not just the tweets the might Tweet Chooser sends to my cell at random.
Trust-Based Parenting DVD, pre-order for $45, regular price will be $65. Visit www.child.tcu.edu and select DVD Sales.
The Silk Tie likes Rolling Stone!
I want a sandwich
I don't think I'm staying over so I'll be on tonight.
Talking about functions of the journal registration, certification, archiving and dissemination - added navigation
just tweeted some true shit lol
Hey was I suppose to be doing something to your computer ? its listed as an open task on my blackberry
Ok! I'll get on there and check it and send you a text.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. ~Christopher Morley
Good Morning...thank god today is Friday because I cant handle another day of school :/
I wish I could edit my tweets without deleting. Typo below.
Nothing quite like a Saturday morning brunch at an airport Taco Bell.
Its time for work, oh I mean play. When you love what you do, you never work a day in your LIFE! haha.. swag. I'm feeling myself. lol let go
Heading to the studio to shoot
MT : Marshall Simmonds: If we don’t consider our audience (when writing),"the rest of the world won’t know we exist."
Can't wait for Snoop Dogg tonight, MMA on Saturday and 3 Doors Down on Sunday. Check out Ava's amazing venue and upcoming events!
just walked out with Mayweather!!! Ah (;
RT Exercise cheers you up! I touched my toes for two minutes and i actually feel happier!
Not on Spotify yet. I like Teen Dream and Devotion, though.
Awesome Keith and thank you!! ": Sunday in the Park 2012 shirts just came in the post, awesome job by "
2mi @ 8:15/mi. this morning. Slowly inching closer to an 8 minute pace.
Chicago RT : where from?
im confident they just gotta play their game!
happy b-day to me tommrow
Why thank you Max. We also approve of you and #wine for our cool list.
You're violating don't ask, don't tell.
Car rides with the guys> lakeland here we come
Going into PRODUCTION in 8 days!!!!!
yea more Chris Brown
i wish aziz ansari and kanye west would scissor already.
I offered dinner and a movie, but he opted to come home, have mac-n-cheese and play board games in our pajamas.
Considering going to ALA conference in June in Anaheim. How awesome is it, #librarians?
For poor quality photos that take about an hour each to view on a smartphone, I trust Instagram.
nope I just heard she is not a good teacher lol
I'm going to create a hand sanitizer that only kills the 00.01% of germs that the others can't kill.
My brother is totally gonna be a future Brave <3
Yes/No Yes bc I want to do something, No bc I don't know anyone else
Aw thanks -great to make your acquaintance! It was fantastic having you tweet & comment on so many poignant panel quotes today.
Dear Orioles, please don't let today be the only day people care about baseball in Baltimore.
Off to the gym
you going to the match today?
at the bar chillin with my Bestfriend
yeah took me a little while too
my friend has just informed me that she will be going inZAYN at prom. dunno why I've just told you that...
followed by my friend Beth, but she's dating her husband tonight. It's their anniversary.
Uly is the greatest unifying voice. Race,age, religion,education,gender share experience. What better evidence than Bella?
so i have a 92 and an 89 in my first period class, if i just never go again ever will i get a pass for the term? or fail
Shallow people believe in luck. Wise and strong people believe in cause and effect. —Ralph Waldo Emerson
#JonasBrothers2012 oh yes *..*
I ain't no fucking bitch... Whoever TF this is come at me next bell. Real shit
dude, I did lick it off, I love Ketchup
Can we skip to Monday and get the next couple of days completely eliminated? Great thanks.
That's a lot of blue on #wildcats field right now...
I need something more relaxing to write. King Diamond or Darkthrone work best. Unless I need to really focus than it's Venom.
Happy #RSD2012! Heading to
Words to live by
That was the worst tasting sausage biscuit I have ever had in my entire life. Mornin'!
I'm tired of these hoes that think they want something special but flippin they pussy at the same time.
RT : RT - 50+ breakout sessions covering latest innovation & tech, demos & networking opps. Are you going?...
I miss you too bestie (:
I absolutely cannot stand United Airlines. Most unorganized customer support I've ever dealt with. 5hrs of my life wasted.
ARE YOU ALIVE
The lady who just cut my hair looked EXACTLY like Mrs "Quick Change" The haircut did not end w/ a bucket of confetti being dumped on my head
Good point. Maybe I should make it a bit more flexible.
production meeting. Film people really abbreviate stuff. "rom-com" = romantic comedy, fyi.
Should be up around noon I believe
Whoa. That really just happened. What the actual fuck?
Seeing people passed out in the library makes me laugh. I don't understand why people do it...
I can never hit up a house party and chill wit dudes without gettin hit on or receiving outrageous comments. guys: be cool
"If I never see him again, it'll be soon enough." anyone got this?
lol have fun with that.
Does Calipari even coach or is he just a guy standing in a suit? He just recruits really well, those UK players don't even need a coach
Pls tell me more re Electronics Recycling Day tomorrow. Where, when, how, what - all that journalist stuff
with #MothersDay approaching...today's #SoundOffLine will be totally inappropriate
SO is Ted Black like Tone Loc? He's part of the establishment but has seemed to befriend the bloggers with his mtgs and such
One cool thing though. Jeremy Irons is on my flight.
Just bought pjs because they said "paradise" on them.
Oh me too! Cake = happiness. Well, actually frosting=happiness but i "suffer" through the cake. :)
Just finished work on score for short horror film "For Rent". I hardly know what to do with my time now!
Happy birthday to one of the best singer/musicians on the planet, Ed Roland!
Is enjoying oakland and not wanting to return to sd tomorrow *sigh* fun weekend
I thought Season 2 was good but soapier than 1. (Matthew recovers?!) Bates kills wife is not as good as Turk dies in Mary's bed!
Tell the truth Marlon.
a.k.a. Film student fueling station.
ha oh nice. That airport is insane
"Ron Paul" should be relaxing with a pipe and sweater vest on his recliner, gently petting his irish setter and pondering days of yore.
: Stay rooted in the conviction that your ego self is a fiction & does not exist--Yoga Vasishtha
my booboo came to visit last night<U+2665> i felt all better after he left
what r u doing
the fast green fox waslked past the tired dog.
Cardinals replace Holliday on World Series roster
Okay I cant do this. Maybe tomorrow.
Way to go Dusty from brewers ground crew!!!
“: that's better than Dontesha doe haha”/ or shamniqua !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Watching my sisters videos from unsilent night. I want to cry. Ugh, why did I have to get sick. :c
o que?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
NO DON'T LET HER WRECK !!! #Glee WTF IS UP WITH YOU ???
Sunset Garden Club mtg @ Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ noon will feature Companion Planting, presented by Richard Cutbirth, Master Gardener.
Can't wait!Weather/clothing advice would be really welcome. If we r staying in dorms, any chance we can access the univ's gym?
Cause though the truth may vary, this ship will carry, our bodies safe to shore.
I hate when ppl bring rings up to try to make lebron look bad if they talk about lebron they should also talk about charles barkley
you lying....
In the market for a mid sized SUV but there appears to be no good deals or incentives for consumers to buy..let me know if anyone knows one
alternately, Kentucky Derby this Saturday. Mint Juleps & Fancy hats?
I am alive to the 8 for the pick 4.
If you could read my mind, then all your doubts will be left behind.
Love to see all the coaches taking part in the #oakhills schools' track and field day! found some future players!
Congrats to the Bat Cats for their series-opening win against Alabama tonight.
Lol then we need to stand up & prove that hip doesnt matter! :) its... adequate.... to be square hahaha
I'm down let's do the damn thing
Happy #WW totally followed.
okay so maybe i do sleep til 4 lmao :-/
let's connect...we saw your App for Kandi and we are also into mobile app development. Hit us up -
lmao I can't stand Spanish lmao
k thanks. I will fix shortly.
I love Phillip! But Joshua will probably win. I hope Phillip does. Jessica doesn't have star quality to me.
I've helped with thesis tonight. Looked at a working draft. Helped with governing bodies. I've logged twenty assists tonight, friends!
I hate when my car acts stupid , I think its time to fix it -__-
I misread your tweet as "I'm the wrong person to fuck ever".
Oh how the things I read on facebook brighten my shitty day :)
Oh well, at least we've got each other. :-)
HAMILTON IS TO GOOD
It's perfect outside right now. I should be at happy hour on a patio somewhere!
Go #hoyas beat 'Nova! At the game...
be doin his thing. What you think
awesome, please keep us posted on the #tag you choose. We are really interested to read all about it!
ditto!!! It has been WAY too long!
Get in your last-minute shopping early today -- we'll only be open from 10am - 2pm (and closed tomorrow for the holiday!)
Text from : "Don't leave the party till I get there" at 7:55 in the morning. Who the fuck stays at a party till 7?!
But much as I love #Smash, I am jonesing for some LIVE theatre! It's been..well, it's only been 11 days since I've seen any, but still. :)
"The Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost."~Luke 19:10
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
Who cookin me breakfast?
I sppse you are both right. I "ran" 8.5mi at an 8:30 pace. Never ran more than 2mi b4. Just need to drop 2 min/mi by Aug
FOLLOW THE FAMOUS KUEEN OF KRUNK !!!!
and very windy out too.
No I'm not, I'm not a baby for crying when my niece was born. I was proud to be a aunt again :') she is the sweetest thing EVER!
“ Everything is not an opportunity. Some appear as opportunities to tempt you into an obstacle. #Pray and #Discern”
HPH just recorded a new version of Taking on the World for Mikes audio engineering project!
Possibly set a new record for oversleeping
It feels like the entire Bengals defense consists of former Cowboys players. What's up with this ?
Who has some ideas for the name of our EP?
Thank you for the kind words! Looking forward to seeing you at future events as well!
its funny because I can RT this and have it make sense ;)
Caught my dad listening to Justin Bieber on Pandora.
THank You New Followers
Suggest seeing the movie "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen." Under the radar movie--and it shouldn't be that way. Best 2 hours of this week-end
Just got cat-called in the parking lot at Walgreens with a "nice ass." Really bro, that's the best you could do?
Haha. Nice RT : Just spent 40 bucks on tupperware, if that doesn't say adult idk what does
Need some followers
drinking coffee and reading twitter
Im there! RT : If you love Chicago & theater, go see The Eastland. Opens June 6 at
Thank you, Tina! Thanks for watching!
Livestrong Sporting Park is looking really good on TV. Mexico running a mini clinic. Mexico 3 Canada 1.
If you are not hungry enough to eat an apple, then you are not really hungry...
Any of you in a rock band ? If you are, tweet me an ill check out your music!
“: Any of my followers going to the Brew City Stomp Down Step Show this weekend??” of course they are!
congrats on 800k !!!
My opponent has S.Johnson & F.Jackson - if I play Fitzpatrick to potentially cancel out points, is that good strategy?
There is an incredibly bad a$$ music festival going down on the other side of this life, #MCA joined the line-up today. Man, I can't wait.
Reminds me of oomf cough cough-->": "Hey come here its important!!". "What", "Can you turn my light off?""
Playing #TheOneThatGotAway now on the radio... www.jammin1420.com Check it out.
In the house of a screaming four year old and mother in law
who would of known that the person that mad me the happiest would hurt my feelings the most
I would love to connect re email from when would b good for u?
25 tickets left to Dec. 3 Bkfst w/ Santa at 32 tickets left to Dec. 10 at
Mirrors aren't for ugly people.
smh did u get ya breaks fix?
To much of your Rangers for the Caps!
agreed just hit me up and we will!! =)))
don't think I will be able to pick up recycling due to all the #justdance2 my arms are hurting. :)
Gourmet healthy food at your service Monsieur!
Does anybody els sleep wit the fireplace and fan on at the same time? LOL
I hope that he does go to the show... Maybe.
At least it's not that cold out...
A internet formula everyone should know : traffic+conversion=profits.
I jus luv liquid courage text from ppl that tell me how they fell bout me...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
$20 OFF any custom facial $20 OFF any full body massage $100 OFF any permanent makeup Call 512-476-7546 Or online: skinspaaustin.com
back from chipped up twice this week (StarsNStripes) and coolerd twice nasty 1's.... feel a heater comming
Nearly every time tweets something I either actually retweet it or am at the very least tempted to.
It's a rainy primary day in the Eastern Panhandle of WV. I'll be tweeting all the Jeff Co returns later tonight.
I think it is cool but not much time in the day to juggle Twitter, #FB, & Google+.
#YouWereCuteUntil I realised who you really were.
Hell, there are no rules here--we're trying to accomplish something
|#quotes We have bloated bureaucracies in Corporate America. The root of the problem is the absence of real corporate democracy.
Up early to speak at the #ywca #powerup program
i cant wait until your tour starts im so excited!! will you please do the favor and follow me (: peace love bieber<3
Sphere PM&D is now open for business in our new location! (MARKETING, GRAPHIC DESIGN, PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS AND PRINT MEDIA)
Thanks for the shutout!
Be My Valentine??
Phantom is the longest running Musical. We are the longest running straight play currently on Broadway!
What a great day to get luch at a food truck! Mostly sunny through lunch hours with temps in the mid-60's.
(c) black people.
Our difficulties aren't meant to defeat us. They're meant to increase us.
I've broken everything breakable in the house, do lets see if I can split some knuckles on the heavy bag.
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person''s physical, emotional, and mental states.
Dude! Tuesday sucks just as much as monday, :/
I see
Great night at last night! Thanks for your wonderful service & hospitality! Our clients LOVED the cocktail sauce!
Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone
RALLY FOR ROSS! Join Team Ross & Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 11 am at 24th & Mission!
To better understand the great sub-prime collapse of 2007, read this book: The Greatest Trade Ever, by Gregory Zuckerman. (And it's fun.)
“: If you are fast enough to leave me, then I am strong enough to forget you.”I'm loving your tweets!(:
You got retweeted Must be a slow day
just showing some luv that's all you should follow ya boy
I love my family they always make me feel so happy and special on my birthday :) xx
sitting in a social media networking class
You're a busy lady!
false alarm! #phew someone just made some toast
I know!! We need to make a lunch date! Have a great weekend!RT : So great to see you this week!! Even if I only...
Two lives, two hearts joined together in friendship united forever in love.
How am I supposed 2 get nething done, or be taken serious @ the Gym w. Call Me Maybe blastin thru the speakers & me singing along?
Love the idea & would love to connect!
It's Happening!
oh, sorry. that's not the band name, that's the show name. manchester orchestra and others are playing.
happy birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I try so hard to be a positive person in all aspects of my life but everyone at my job keeps bringing me down... I need a new job :/
great memories of mooing on Lingua in the 90s.
Hello World!
but its the truth angie it is angie it is . Its not about winning its about the truth and that the facts
I'm learning quickly that I can enjoy both Game of Thrones and the books if I pretend they are in now way related.
- I will have to check it out
The problem is you're standing here, but your mind is in Outer Fucking Space somewhere! #FuckOuttaHere!
It's ToyMaker Tuesday everyone! 2nd performance in less than 1 hour, followed by our cast party! Get tickets now if you don't have them!
“: Lol the resemblance is crazy. Ima start callin u lisa instead of shaki” the resemblance is crazy tho!
Mashed potato parties...? Say whaaa?
Anybody do anything for you is a keeper bruno mars proved it but I would never let my guy do it tho
Hurtling across Europe on a train listening to The Decemberists... Two things that go well together
Stop boring me and THINK. "It's the new sexy." #SherlockPBS and The Woman bat it back and forth and it's amazing.
RT : Save the date: April 19 is Pt. 2 of our Civil Writes workshops. Educational and creative ways to #FantheFlame!...
Team with higher rated QBR for game is 64 and 13 this year and last week was 12 and 1. Only loss was Vick by .8 vs Fitzpatrick
Thank you to all my new followers. Welcome
yea he's dope
Thirsty Thursday!
had a great time at last night watching the #lost finale. thanks for letting us hijack the couch.
all fired up for a FOOTBALL Sunday
Finally some ME time!! About to book this flight.. I need a vacation!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sad to see KJ go out like this. Atleast he had a great season and career.
ah thanx for following back :-0
I don't hate him at all. Like the guy. Didnt mean otherwise.My point was for chicken littles not to let sky start falling again.
LOL! I bet it seems that way. I posted a delicious frozen blueberry dessert today that she might love as an alternative :)
Watching pootie tang
Last night I saw this kid that looked just like you!!! The hair and everything! Mini version! lol:)
my new motto : be nice to Elizabeth or you ain't getting shiiiet
Avery Bradley already has 13 points halfway through the first quarter..Wow!
Thanks for a great show tonight at Welcome back to Colorado!
do u have any other shows the rest of the week?
Everyone won't appreciate your dreams...be selective who you share with
but you must write it with the left handed version of emacs.
Enjoyed the Iranian's comments after winning Best Foreign Film last night but the military-industrial complex will nix the option of peace.
SAG and AFTRA are now #oneunion. After years of trying to make this happen, it's finally come. Relieved or dreading it?
WOW Congrats! Hooray Brew Crew!! Milwaukee is partying in their seats at Miller Park
hey left your socks at my place, do you want me to like wash those or?...
I hate my voice<U+E421>
#edumooc audio is pretty good now that folks have muted their mics when not speaking
It hurts but it may be the only way
Patti Smith did a cameo on Law and Order Criminal Intent last night. So random.
7 Days left until Craft Beer Nirvana!
Great collection, memories truly transgressing generations.
Heey thank you so much =)
Packed house tonight at Kork Wine & Cheese for the CBD! - Historic Downtown Miami Progressive Food Tour!
#DASER Rothenberg "to understand sexual selection, we should call it aesthetic selection, this has been a wildly unpopular idea."
come see me MTG Room
Samsung can challenge Apple's photo gallery patent before ruling on infringement - Computerworld
“: My competition has at least 200 more followers then me, and I reached my follow limit. Please help! Follow me!! #teamfollowback”
Wouldn't it be something if Paul Bissonette scored the GWG for the Coyotes tonight? I mean, it would involve the Coyotes winning, but...
Stop by Interfolio booth 504 to visit Elwin, Steve and Chris You can enter to win over a $100 in gift certificates!
Moments away from spontaneous combustion.
are you sick of artists putting out christmas albums, or can you not get enough of them? what's your fav?
So if I were a (insert foodie adjective here) rancher/farmer, wouldn't that be "my" "tradition" too?
10 Degrees: Looking beyond Josh Hamilton's legendary week to handicap his free-agent market (Yahoo! Sports)
The baseline had me thinking there was a stand/table on the baseline! #3dGotMe !
The higher the objective on Bloom's Taxonomy, the more time you should spend developing the activity.
MT : We create more value by focusing on being the best than we do by focusing on "beating them"
Happy Ritual Sacrifice with Pie Day!
Bed soon. Attending an advanced screening of The Dictator tonight! :D
you forgot one thing...
oh :P haha
Have an audition tomorrow for a feature film!!!
figured lol ;-) Texas girl myself btw ;-)
Haha, I have an iPhone and I still got it!
Im takin too long wit this amateur guy/You aint wet nobody nigga you canada dry ~Common~ HILARIOUS!!! I love diss records!!!
Walgreens has marked down Sally Hansen nail polish to $.50.Will vary according to areas.Go to coupons.com to print $1 coupon.
"I'm the king of the world!" - JACK (Leonardo DiCaprio) with young ROSE (Kate Winslet) in Titanic (1997) Play clip (excerpt): Titanic 1997
New avitar...anticipation for the site building!
DREW BREES QB SAINTS SAM BRADFORD QB RAMS THOSE ARE MY CURRENT QUARTERBACKS
hurry up bro graduation waits for no man! We saved u and Joyce seats though
via databases are down.
ok, well here's some Trash Bags, Towels, a Mop, and Broom..... lol
no we head to Twin Lakes Center next & then maybe back. Depends on tournament seeds
Anybody know of good resources for pricing out used percussion, that's not eBay? I have some used drums & cymbals I'm looking to get rid of.
Every little thing gives me a headache lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Happy day! Checking in anywhere exciting to celebrate?
congrats... They might come.
I doubt if you can act or dance in that movie!!! Lol
summer nights are the best
how much longer are you going to be up?
Number 9: Mariah Carey
I knew about the contest! hahha
You're not missing that much. I mean...it's the moon.
Singers unite! We need each other and understand each other like no one else. Competition isn't the way. There's room for everyone to shine!
Salmon Recipes the Whole Family Will Enjoy These salmon recipes will not only keep your heart going strong, they'll tempt your taste buds
Research for a fashion website- are big bold, simplistic and heavy on typography- BUT you have to hit it them right or it just looks off
Taking it slow, I get tired so easily.
. Haha! Yeah, true across contexts. I've taken to not even trying to hide it. Just grab the paper and hold it in one hand.
Sorry. Still freaked out. ;)
Everyone can look at tapes then, why does anyone go the draft if they have tape? Heckert needs to interview and analyze.
RT : been reading tweets for a while now and I still am not sure what he does. > you are in great company!
right, but most energy deals tend to require more capital & ROI tends to take longer, thus not as "sexy." Sad but true.
WOW I have 4 followers within 10 minutes, that's amazing!!!
General Hospital rocked shooting today! Love them there! So nice & fast!! Can't wait to go back Wed! I booked my first co star (on own)!
High dose Vitamin C has been clinically proven to enhance your natural collagen production! 1500mg daily"
Watching "Who Do You Think You Are" on WXIA-TV. Blair Underwood researches his ancestry.
let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear...
do you know if the Braun MVP ceremony is actually tonight? FSN said so last night, but online says tomorrow.
Gimme a call Greg!
At a bar in #Rutgers who wants free stickers?
Hey DM me your email again so i can send some tracks your way
Look at all these girls, all them thinking Kim has their back. This is why Kim is hands down the best!
Sweet! Cable guy just got here! Now I will just awkwardly stand in the kitchen and stay out of everyones way.
I'm 8mos pregnant stranded on the side of the road with a dead alternator. There's fodder for a good story in here somewhere.
#mythoughtsduringschool ..omg what if that person can read my mind?! O.O
that all said, I'm still riding UK. and if UF makes the F4, is the SEC the best conf?
When is your movie going to come to my area?
RT Robotic Squirrels Battle It Out With Rattlesnakes: Hugh Pickens writes "Alasdair Wilkins writes that when a squi......
: AWE! Thanks for listening!!
Im @ Therapy (52nd/9th) - come have a drink and celebrate the holiday!
Partying with my girls tonight :)
Save #wedding money: Ask guests to reply online or by telephone. Or you can use postcards for RSVPs so that you save on postage.
I love thunder at night
Apparently won't be slinging "holy *********" around. Can't figure out if I'm relieved or disappointed.
tomorrow night?
Stupid commercials
#quotes I have to say I've made many mistakes, and been humbled many, many times. But you know what? It's never too late to learn.
he's so hilarious! he goes under the blanket and says "dear God please forgive me for calling my mom a whore." hahahaha
Idly felony tummy. Hope I don’t have the lovely big everybody else has had!
On the way to Mexico, flying by
Lets Reach 20,000 Signatures by Tonight! Tell ur friends to RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition
You're missing out, omg
Makin straight butta in the studio
Episode 7 is live and everything is 'Crystal Clear'!!!!
Oh dear. Unfortunate copywriting in this subject line: "Give Mom a Hot Flash! HOT Pink Rose & Lily Bouquet" That's not what mom wants.
I like lindsey :( Gratz on the shirt!! ;)
miss u hang out with me after all this craziness is ova
Your Song<U+2665>
After celebrating Tyson's Bday at the park, we're at the Bunales Palace cookin up some steaks w/the rest of the fam. M M good
That one scared me homie...I like the umbrella though
To eliminate advertising on YouTube videos featured on a website remove copyrighted music & non proprietary broadcast footage from postings.
even though i hate bacon! i want to try canadian bacon! but i want to cook it for me ;D<3
"To Be Liked By You Would Be a Calamity."
Herman Cain - I got one word for you to remember, take it for what you wish... Restraint. It may help you? I don't know...Sigma out
Tomorrow, we are there tomorrow...
ran off with the chaw, fuckin dick
? He didn't do anything wrong.
How does one find a publicist?
If I had magic ET fingers, I'd not only revive my little tablet but also upgrade it to a higher level of android
I'm gonna use it in a song!
#FIXJOBS If can turn Trade Deficit into surplus would create millions of jobs and bring prosperity to nation. Got to bring factories home.
the saints i just dont see any other team
it's nice to know such a qualified candidate will be representing !
Tonight!! D Swan and Old Milwaukee, 11:30PM , FREE , This is a cage match, so bring your voting hats.
S/O to all the grown ass men who gossip about me to their friends... i got nothing but #LOVE for you
RT : Let me enjoy this #gorgeous day before I have to work all night!!!!!!!
Using #HTML5 Boilerplate version 3 for a responsive QR code landing page.
pssst - I did it!
wow, it is cooler... how's your air sealing? Funny to think about insulation in summer--but you can! www.smartenergypays.com
getting ready for tonights show with and more. #Al'sBdayBash
I was better off stayin hungry fuck my stomach.
Celebrate PRIDE with Tie Dye Cupcakes! Similar to Rainbow Cakes, these cupcakes have an array of colors & no two are alike! Only $2 each.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ? The dearth of liner notes in mp3 albums. Gimme a digital booklet & some pithy anecdotes, muhfuckers!
As it&#39;s May third…somewhere to the east… « anotherthousandwords
nah it's all about that broccoli n cheese baked potato I had earlier tho lol
A1: Mobile (like other "social platforms" does not need to be a one way (inbound) street
follow me back<3
lol which one you talkin bout cuz there a few people lmao
My pleasure! Thanks for the follow back!
There's nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein. ~Walter Wellesley "Red" Smith
my mom said if i try for good grades she'll stop smoking.~ I'll do it for you mom. I think I'm gonna do some work noww~ bbl
Don't blame US. HE asked the broad question.
#FF The world can use a whole lot of proper etiquette .... a lost art.
Please tell me your not done making unibrow jokes
love randomly running into friends on the street!
uhm.... I lost count lol. It never gets old tho I always freak out lol
You know mom, there is a Psychological study that shows that how a person is woken up in the morning determines their mood for the rest of
congrats. I'm hoping to get in.
He must depend upon his lieutenants, and his success depends upon his ability to select the right man for the right place
My moms gt a MERCEDES !
#incaseyoudidntknow we were made for each other
: Don't mind if I do cuz you da best!<3
Seuss. Was. Genius.
Having just text mined Twitter it appears that #thatcamptx has triumphed over #thatcamptexas for official unconference hashtag.
only in wisconsin.. 10 pm news has a feature story of a bear in the beer cooler of a grocery store. i need to watch the news more often.
We are excited about what you do. Keep up the great work!
Beat selling is all about finding profitable traffic and collecting it. That means growing your Facebook, Twitter and Email lists.
#ItsAwkwardWhen You forget someone's name ..
W00t! RT : It's a busy week. We're hanging w/ tom & delivering food for on Sat. What about u?
yes! Yes it is :-p
found some great seats for a good price for the sox/brewers game at us cellular field ...wont get them until plans are finalized.
Multiple victims were 2 American kids who grew up in the heartland. CSI: Mellencamp
"Retweet if you're a girl. :)" Seriously?
np-destiny child bad habit
Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c
What an honor to be part of the Rossier School family - Fight On!
Mark Murphy rockin' the toasts and passions for theater and the "great" start to Radar LA at REDCAT partaaaaaay
been havin this pounding headache for the last few days and it got so bad that I fainted outside, partially due to the heat
A #Taurus female will hold on to a bad relationship because she believes you can change when you don't she waits till you leave.
my skin care line is taking off with great success!
the state?
Thanks to some new followers!
American Warships? Wonder what that Syfy movie is ripping off? *cough*Battleship*cough*
After a really long day.. Gotta date with one of the Finest Women in LA! Day turned out pretty good.
Arrival Without Departure out Decmeber 11th
Oh my God...I just spent 8 hours without my cell phone. How did I survive?
International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24 Oct, 2012 at Chicago, USA
Thanks. Good point.
At the #wbzbreakfast "uncovering what works" in social media!
desert casual.
by subject matter it's prob one of the best songs you ever wrote! Stay positive!
and i miss all u message me if you need to talk
these shoes are too high.
Do you really need to repeat yourself bro? I think the rest of the world heard you the first time
wow today is going to be one of those day. abbe want to get in to everything
Thanks for the info. That helps a lot! :)
is scaring them awaywith your smell
and that is why that firefly was safe because there weren't any females who would kill him. just me
Sunny and mild the next few days. What will you go and do outside?
does an arcade count as a mall?
These guys are all nice. Telling people to follow me. Aww. Especially , he threatened to kill people.
jus here playin sum ps3 bored as hell...I hate homework LOL (;
You're welcome. We couldn't do it without your support.
It's old school story telling, with a modern twist & just a pinch of strange.
My dreams have come true.
I have been really good this year ;) hope I'm on the NICE list : interesting...2 may be the closest to correct :)
what time and channel is game on, Tom?
Really hope to!!
i'm not going to have time to watch the #RoyalWedding :( cause i gotta get up early .
Come tan at LA Tan 123 W. Madison whenever you are in Chicago!
Just saw Tom Crean at the pacer game!
I just pulled a Britta at work.
Again PPU has a lot to be proud of. NAIA Tourney appearance for first time, most wins/consecutive wins and with first year head coach.
Cheers to that.
I'm so tired of AP homework
ooh I like that idea! Next couple of weeks?
Alright universe. Tell me what I need to release so that my job will be to physically, emotionally & spiritually touch others. I'm ready.
Haha right.! If diggy was performing errybody would be begging me to come lol..but is that a yes? ;-)
O yeaahh i like how it feels!!
Hey People I need your support ! Give me some feedback on my videos ! There on my page ! I have a little of everyything !
Congrats on all the #goldenglobes mentions! You guys killed it yesterday. (And our handle is actually ) :)
If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
Kony at school
"Songs in the Key of Life" spinning in my apartment all evening.
Glued to the TV watching Idol...
Panthers make the playoffs for first time in a decade and all of the sudden SoFla sports fans think they know hockey. Hilarious.
I speak the truth. CP3 said he wanted to be with the best team in LA. The Los Angeles
Retweet if you #LOVE #KARAOKE!
of course!:-)
Right. ! (: lmfaoooooo but are you gonna go to that radio station ?
Which elementary school did you went Aaron. Because I went to Kelly elementary in Compton.
The last day for the BBQ festival in downtown Memphis..
Loved lunching w/ you and Mom today! Thank you again.
email sent! let me know if you need any more information. Thanks again
Working from home today, cruising through documentation, plodding through laundry. Vic's still on the crackers-and-Gatorade diet.
yep yep
Don't forget - Easter Baskets for homeless children for 22 years!
#impactfactor #altmetrics this link doesn't work. I was interested.
"We all fucked for four hours and it made me puke. Sorry we're late, Mom."
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB/STRIP CLUB!!
tyty! he even hated on me too, lol.
If Bristol Palin gets run down by a Range Rover before next Monday, we'll know who and what happened.
Thanks so much!
Here we go...... I think I found my new single (Freaky Deaky) Produced By 84 Productions. Let's Get It In!!!!!
Laughing with people you just met. Rare magic.
she's not weak y argue w-an ignorant person
I wish I was Mark Zuckerberg
In 1984, the first Macintosh computer by Apple was introduced.
Don't usually like internet guys who write "+1" when they agree, but read your tweet & tweet you replied to...must say +1.
Thanks for the RT! You get a free macaron next time you come by!! Ask for Chef James, tell him twitter sent you.
Getting dress for my partyy . Hope I have funn .
thank you thank you and be back real soon
RT : Well told me to go to bed...good night twitter.
I am the very model of a modern Major-General I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral I know the kings of England...,.
Was a Spokesmodel for a great company this past weekend. Hitting the office later today, then more castings.
Definitely, suggest that one to the Milwaukee Bucks! They might interested!
Julia, great meeting you at scio12, hope we can talk shop again! Also, love your podcasts...
Ima be Jordan legendary or Kobe great/ True to this never new to this so make no mistake/ I been spittin' since Kobe rocked da fro wit
i had one done and I was like "._. Holy fudge. I am not taking an hour to do this bad of a job" <U+E412>
#STFU people on ecstasy don't even like you!!!
Hope you're lovin' it!
NBA teams pick up Mike Bibby to guarantee losing in the playoffs
And He Said He Can Truck Me NEVER !
doing some more work in th studio...
No way. I would never.
TODAY, join our MOBILIZATION RALLY w/DANNY GLOVER and Team Ross at 11 am at 24th & Mission!
Hm... #let'sDance
Steve Novak is on FIRE for the Knicks!!
not too much! Just laying around. You?
Tweet speaking that be that groupiee shit !
lol sometimes u got to set an alarm. ;-)
#InMiddleSchool I was a scared little boy. Now look at me....nobody and I mean nobody can intimidate me.
Had some pretty sweet dreams last night :-) Did you??
Same! I'm re-reading Last Sacrifice for the thousandth time lol its the only one I have right now but I've read them all
It does. it's better that they realized that it wasn't going to work before instead of getting married, new house, etc., right?
8 years or months?
Ten more minutes >_<
For monologues, did you try Google already? Also monologue books in the bookstore and library. I don't have any off my head.
Nothing like faking injuries in gym class
I have had so much coffee already.
I named my voodoo doll "Annie". I'm watching you.
If your pet has been diagnosed with digestive disorders and is on any kind of meds for it, then you need to examine the food you're feeding!
This Moms day, if you have a mom that you love, don't Tweet about it, get up and tell them yourself.
I'm so small you won't see me. I'll sneak up like a ninja. :D
Cold hearted tear your feelings apart
Glory to God Glory to God!
Fed my cat a scrap of turkey today. He almost bit my hand off.
Finally free from work, what a crazy day :P wine + foot massage are very much needed
are not enjoyable and that other things lack these enjoyable features. See what I mean?
At least I got balls to say shit not turn away and text every five seconds
last year you had to do some serious shit to get kicked out. What did you all do?
how's your shitty day goin
The songs are super fun! Thanks for seeing the show! RT : Definitely seeing FIRST DATE and I'm looking forward to it!
sounds good ..lot of new stuff..and a better mix and match price..$2 off a bottle for sixers..22oz included..
Just had lighthouse fish and chips. Thankful showed me this place a few summers ago!
3.5 miles today. Try doing quick sprints in the middle of your runs. Helps build stamina quicker and burns more fat/calories.
Happy mothers day mom! Even though we fight like crazy i loue you so much and wouldn't be who i am without you :*
He is. I believe there is a fix but it won't be fixed until tomorrow. There will be an announcement during 2nd hour about it.
3:00PM ET. I hope Rondo is still with the
I think everyone at the Rose Garden should get TWO chalupas if the 100th point comes in the 3rd, like it just did
Never stop. Never settle.
You're sure you're not the least bit gay, Devin? XD
Seriously. I didn't think I would be so close to buying my iPod so quickly. This is what having Faith in Jesus does. :") lol Almost there!
When i was 9 i was extremly skinny
Made it to break, 50k chips going to 6/1.2, 23 remain, tougher table with some good spots too - eat, meditate, win
My daughter is home sick today :(
#FTSKwarped2012! If they really do play, man I am going to miss out on so much.
Don't let her down when she needs you the most.
With campaign signs on hand, do you think JoAnne Kloppenburg will ask for a recount of the Supreme Court election or not?
Sending Love and Peace to all affected by the #earthquake/
are you kidding me? I know every word of every song I love it. how about you? 50 ways to say goodbye and mermaid are great
California enlisting "arts drivers" like Quincy Jones, Harrison Ford, Wolfgang Puck, Jack Black for license plate campaign
lol. It's all good.
I'm a producer from Houston, I'd like to send you a exclusive package of new ones I've made that may fit your style
I dont care what #Mcnabb did for the #Redskins or #Vikings he can do more then Caleb Hangme #Bears need him!!!
Umm ne needs a shut down corner champ bailey for gronk straight up
Music Loud!
You know I'm just talkin shit. Dont question Me
was gonna quit drinking for the entire month of july but totally forgot about the 4th... ugh. #noholidaysinaugustright?
Nailed it.
So tired. #BYE I shall tweet tomorrow!
like 50% full.
I probably didnt get it right, I checked all the videos so I hope I did im just not sure about the second one:)
So does that mean you'll be visiting numerous Good Wills this weekend?
I burn baby burn like disco inferno
my friend this #Boyfriend is sexy :D i agree <3
definitely creepy...
#WhyiGive Our online global community #curepals supports #socialcauses and raises funding,hope, and inspiration
I know you use your powers for good... and not evil. :)
We've got okie state on the ropes now
I got c's in da trap c's c's I'n da trap
heyy guys :D
My chinchilla has mastered the art of emotional blackmail. He's begging for treats and I'm giving in.
Rain, rain, rain ... too much for Daytona. Is the 500 going to start today ... or will it be delayed????
'killing every beat you hop on. Montage is getting hella plays in my car and ive been driving I'm in VA wishin I was in CA
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. FB
and oh yeah....and my dad wore Old Spice when I was a girl. Brings back memories......LOVED that scent!
okayy it was an epic fail cause i got tired n when 2 be so im starting it again
Awesomesauce! That was fun!!
Wonderful Dinner tonight Taco Tuesday! Bike ride in and Fun day.. Fun evening!
#custserv RT : Yay, Melanie! Happy to hear that! Have a great flight and a great weekend!
Metta has a mix tape! Will be blasting that in the office in a matter of days....or weeks.........or NEVER!
just firing shots tonight!
Privacy… Do you really have privacy? Information is being collected everyday, where does it go?
Why thank you Pandora for playing Brandi Carlile tonight! And thanks to the boy for helping me through an awful last minute project ;-)
Happy Birthday Again ! (:
Lol im done ! chris brown lookin a wait he looks better haha
Rad may have helped Josh but he was such a defensive liability he could have hurt.He hasn't shown me he's the best not in NHL.
Makes people smell like monkey.
I'm ready to kick butt & take names today. Go Friday!!!
Hey young lady out there!! You CAN #love completely again. Not only AGAIN, but even BETTER; when u #Love thru Love (God)
I've gotten some of the best sleep in high school
¤ To wear your heart on your sleeve isnt a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best. Margaret Thatcher
how would you define "setting the stage"?
Bought new flats yesterday and I have a pretty dress I got for my birthday, problem is I have no where to wear them to......
A beirutsi goes to a bar and sees a man having his way with a goat out back. He informs the bartender who says: "kidem, baa-baa's eh!"
I'd rather shit in my hand than watch Pitbull and Nicki Minaj perform. Nice choices NBA.
appreciate family
Great conference today with and #TX House District 102 Public & Higher Education Advisory Committee. Thank you Rep. Carter!
I love you<3
I'm going to be really sad when my #traderjoes sea salt and turbinado sugar dark chocolate almonds are gone.
#denverleadership Ersek " in Denver people ask how are you and they MEAN it. You have to answer, in detail!"
LMAO!..DAMN 4REAL..HOPE HE GET WELL...
any word on Neal or Asham yet ?
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Thanks for hanging with us ladies! RT : with my chicky This place is the bestest!!!
Greenpointers! They're packing up the piano for the night and reading Gherasim Luca under candle light 5/25 at 5pm!
What kinds of things do you like to play?
Thanks for the good work that you do. Keep it up! Jorge we'll see you at tonight's LAUSD Redistricting Mtg.
Tumblrr. is Amazing.
follow me please love<3~
Brandon will be very happy to hear that.
what, for free?
The road to success is always under construction.
Michalko summary: data is the next frontier fir commercial publishing. Humanities is the new big data.
I am drinking coffee.
that's awesome Dunham!!!!
yeah true ! I believe you, that's just sad how no countries can watch it
yeah I like her music she is a great singer.
Fittingly, Dwight King is the star of the game. Jonathan Quick is a close runner up. All around great effort by the #LAKINGS tonight.
please follow back?(:
Bruce Lee~ A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence.
Yep but was getting tired of random weirdos friend requesting - so removed search feature. One Sec.
#HappyMothersDay to all the Moms & Mother Figures out there! You are special not only today but everyday... THANK YOU for what & how you do!
What a storyline. What a solo from Marcus. I literally can't watch without smiling. I may be biased but they should win...
thanks for joining the
Now I has a sad.
"Does this make me look fat?" "No, your fat makes you look fat."
No, that's why its amusing to me. RT : do you speak Spanish? :)
You are so welcome! :-)
learning about how management is a circus.
Woman on the shuttle behind me is upset that her daughter isn't a liar/cheat. My tongue hurts from biting it.
I was just looking at the current Elliot's... One to try! I'll check out mothers too. Thanks for the recs!
I guess its officially Badger basketball season.
The #Patriots #colts AFC Championship game is on #ESPN2 right now. The Pats would have beat the #bears in superbowl. Another one got away
you get 1 pt per chapter and you can get up to 10 points. deadline is on webcampus calendar
#bednarz Not sure about killer staff person. Funny, but ehhhh.
no problem <U+2665>
boom done.
Looking forward to #AbSciCon12 next month. Anything in particular I ought see in Atlanta?
I want to be on my dads new boat!
Yes...looking forward to visioning in your back office at Hanson Harmonies South Las Vegas.
Nothing worse than a craving caused by someone else's tweets/posts...
where u hear that foolishness ?
So, our season ended last night, losing to WV. Now the wait to see who stays and who turns pro. It's been a good season. Sad to see it end
Sad day. Between Shades of Grey by Ruta Sepetys was a really good one, too, but historical.
Our 1100th follower (next follower) will get a free MEB Dri-Fit Long-Sleeve Shirt. Once you follow, tweet to us "Free MEB Dri-Fit"
Feel free to message me(:
nothing wrong with that. that just shows how much of a true fan you are about your squad. a lot of fans dont do that
Because of time considerations, didn't analyze the final 10 picks of #NFLdraft first round...let's get to it for morning crew.
AP Source: Stanford AD Bowlsby offered Big 12 job
Local schools key to solving local problems: by engaging kids in real world learning, critical thinking, problem solving, discovery, inquiry
Goodmorning, on behalf of ,I Wanna wish all my followers a blessed and safe day. Let's keep it positive
Ready to knock these 8 hrs out
you need a profile descrip. :)
You know how senior facilities play old folks nostalgic music from their youth? I'm going to die being forced to listen to Black Hole Sun.
RT : Voit's David Fults says,"Investors bet heavily on improving fundamentals." in the LA industrial market...
Bless ya Rev. You good?
what is the best way to clean my brushes?
i retweeted this
I want to write and record songs with and
"Next season" is already here, prepare now.
I found you!! Looking forward to Wed. Make that REALLY looking forward to Wed!!
do you work tonight???!
doin a great job on homeless coach documentary!
We've also done this before but always come up short. Let's see...
do you still talk to your sister?
This had occurred to me, and is being considered.
That was quick! ": End of Linsanity? Lin merch 50% off in NY stores
Graham on barrel-aging beers in general: “It’s a risk.” He notes several well-respected breweries have had infection problems.
#SOTU 2001 ..."; that success is not a function of fame or PR, but of hard work and discipline." (pt.3) (cc: )
#masters... check. #phillies opening day... check. This is why god invented the second monitor.
Getting food stuck in your teeth: 2% Get it out with a toothpick. 8% Use your finger to remove it. 90% Using your tongue; CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
This looks all too familiar now.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, that's what separates an Architect from a Life A Tect
Of course he then pointed at a picture of a chicken fricasee and said "Mommy!"
Disappointing to say the least. Ravens were their own worst enemy in the 2nd half
Brewing some beer and getting ready for a Q&A session via Skype with Phin and Nathan from
Adam just berated me with this little nugget: "SNOOPY IS A MUCH BIGGER DEAL THAN YOU THINK HE IS."
This night holds great memories!.
Still on a creative high from this past weekend, and more output it still yet to come...
#IDidntTextYouBack because you're always giving me one word replies
All jokes aside, I wonder what #TanningMom wants for #MothersDay? I mean besides 5 hours in tanning bed with baby oil slathered head to toe.
In your hands. I'd be nervous. Resigned myself to the fact we would get pegged back and be play off bound.
"Misfortune tests friends, and detects enemies."
Gotta hit your free throws!!!
damn EDC so soon
Driving through rain/lightening storm. Smells so good! It's beautiful!
did not see it as such. Did you take a look at me? Why would I do or say something discriminatory?? Not my type.
Thanks for following! Have a great weekend! :)
i want u to know that someone out there cares....not me but someone does...
Tweeting bout the guy hackin a lung
looking forward to it “: Ready to rock King Content: a social media audit in Mountbatten B at #pseweb”
yohooo I c u, love u, miss ya!!!
your so mean! lol but obviously you do since you took the time to read it..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> haha
Back door neighbors*
always do! :)
#catnap #sickgimmick Catnap Rocks!
Gorgeous weather! Perfect for sitting outside on a patio enjoying a beer.
Plus its not letting me upload any pix,, saying its to big,,
a pleasure!
Rest in peace Michael Jackson. I still miss you brother. Its been 2 years and it still ain't the same.
read my bio
#Np another night - mac miller
Happy #NFLDraft Friday! Who were you most shocked about that got picked up in the first round last night?
It's the journey toward doing these harder climbs that really gives value to the whole activity of climbing. - Alex Lowe
Editing today. Editing today. Tra-la-la editing today.
Wells Fargo.... You tried it. You're ruining my life.
ask for Brian or Megan!!
I was practicing Cello today and now my thumb joint really needs to "pop" but it won't no matter what I do.
Finally caught up with email after being at the #IRCE2011 conference last week... where did this Monday go? Hello? Monday? Nope, gone.
FTFY RT : The Obama Campaign says VP Biden will spotlight Pres Obams's "efforts to create an economy built to BE IN last."
Followed you back already Rions. Glad to meet you.
My tires are supposed to arrive tomorrow!
be careful!
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic Coupe LX Automatic for a new car!
I have been going NONSTOP today! It will all payoff tonight at the formal with :)
I'm glad you liked it. :)
too cute!! I love it
Lizzie McGuire - The Michael Jackson Internet Fan Club MJIFC
Nothing like a little bit of to emotionally jump-start a slow morning.
Speaking at the #IBM and #SugarCRM social business roadshow in Austin
So far I'm really enjoying the rush of great writing, smart insight, POV, and discriminating stories from
Maybe they were busy with school, but I have been to the Pru on a Sat. night... they KNOW how to get there! :-P
Team Oldspice Guy all the way.. this duel of epic proportions started today at noon apparently!
in a few mins when I find paper and a marker
your mean
What to do?? Get the iPhone 4 or 4S....tough choice.
This type of shit annoys me. Plus I'm hungry
looks kind of bawdy
Former U-T columnist Tom Blair says: "On Monday I was fired. 'The Tom Blair Era with the U-T has ended,' I was told."
#Behr just came out with a mobile app. It can take a picture and do color matching all on your phone. Nice!
I seriously love your profile picture on here.
Meanwhile in America,1 Million Retarted Moms is protesting Ben &Jerry's Schweddy Balls ice cream. testicle humor is killing our children?
I have no idea what I'm doing right now
ditto. RT : I wish I were still sleeping. Just putting that out there.
How is quarter to 5 already? Need more sunday please.
RT Configuring the View Security server with PCoIP tunneling to eliminate VPN at a local hospital this week.
Makin rock candy.. Looks kinda icky
super week to you also!!!
Interesting to see how CHCC runs tomorrow.
By fooms I mean rooms...
Day 2 of my new Ft job, 1st in 8 years...and I gotta say....this is sweet!
Hot damn! Huntsman needs to make sure everyone knows how hot his daughters are. That'll win votes. See -->
al brown 14 south rowan 0
Just picked up my bro from the airport!!
Thanks for attending the keyword research webinar!
But, I stand by my point that we should welcome anyone who attends a concert, not scold them for not knowing "the rules"
woo anything! i miss you already tho! message me on fb!
The funny thing is I didn't even see his post until after I tweeted mine lol
It is cool. He did Jedi Training Academy, which is not a regular retail item. Nice memory.
15 year-old girl told me her mom pulled her out of school to babysit. I thought it was 2012 not 1912.
aw! That's what I want to do but they all got dates so yeah...
Excited to see the first live simulcast of Madama Butterfly from the press suite! Such a great idea.
that sucks that she blamed the wrong person. now india is gone and jeremy is the mole. dirty hoe.
let's play 2!
You did such a great job this morning on way to make Big D proud! Have fun in NYC!!
Alternative medicine is gaining speed in many doctors’ offices
RT this if u wear snapbacks
Producing short film, Infatuation, today in Albany. Just wrapped. 2 more days and back to editing Rain Dance.
Wow Mark! You're near my "home town"! The leaves should be turning right about now - pretty!
I need an umbrella <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
Wait... Does that mean I'm not a cool kid?
I'll write it if you'll revise it. S'alright? S'alright.
Enjoy bowling 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
nigga i didnt wanna walk it looks ugly ass hell outside, i missed the bus & no one could of taken me -- late arrival.
Great photo! From you Graphic Design team?
Sleep was a good idea.
we anticipate the first week of April.
just planted a window box outside my manhattan kitchen window. petunias and little white lace like things.
And yes, I am sad enough to trade you pizza for a shirt.
its raning sunshine. dancing crazy.(:
Thanks Miss ya and hope all is well in TX!
Just wanted to tell you how much I enjoy your wording choices. in commenting on tweets!
Finally got a film intro from Meg! Go Meg Into the Wake just got a Golden Badger Award! About to start at the Bartell.
“: You know about Skrillex? You must be a diehard dubstep fan.” << Hahahahahahahahaha this is so true these days, lol
Almost there!
Heading to to trade away years of #Beerfest glasses.
you were amazing!!
Shirts on sale at Choosey Chicks!!!! Call us at 800-794-9190...
Dammit Mat, Get an online store. Otherwise I may never be able to get a swagsquad shirt </3
This gave me a little heartleap of joy! Let's connect this week. Wednesday am and between 2-5 is flexible for me.
People change; your current status may change; but yesterday, today and forevermore… We have Jesus! Have a great weekend! Be Encouraged!
I'm a Apple Head, but Android is actually better, 4G, and bigger screen.
<U+2665> Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the world... ! Love & blessings. I LOVE YOU! <U+2665>
you're not really a fan if your in love with an artist after a single
If you have never seen story of the year live, I highly recommend it. Just watched their DVD live from the Lou for the millionth time!
": Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel."
And my day starts now
Guess they never read a King or Martin novel:)
Comicon Texas was the most successful show ever !!! Thank you.
Launch an independently produced webcast. Could land you a special place in history as the catalyst for a major paradigm shift.
further -- plays itself as objective, not taking sides, etc. but no reference to anything real actually happening here.
gated communities provide an additional sense of security now days, its a seperatism that makes some people more comfortable
Who wants Matt Hunter's BMM and number? I'm giving it. Hahaha Just kidding. I won't, sorry. :)
“Competition is open internet… It’s a fundamental survival question.”
That's her standard Pokemon attack! I hope you're strong against insult times!
shyt I'm on my way home right now
oh. i really like that idea.
A2 If the employer brand story is the "real" corp culture - employee personal brands can reflect that...
Ladies participating in Saturdays event please check you Facebook mail
Your set/ after set on the Mo'Nique Show! Funniest ish I've seen in a LONG TIME! My fav part was EVERY PART LOL!
Awww... thanks! Your store is awesome! Char - you & Nat should join KAC & come to the signing in Oct. :)
Mixx it is
Triple double for what a game and a big W #AllStarSnub for sure
looking forward to the podcast!
Glad I'm not the only weirdo interested in the weather in other cities. :)
There is absolutely no other like her
What the fuck happened to pens penalty kill?
OMFG I JUST HEARD TURN TO YOU ITS AMAZING<3
Good night :-) eh forgot to do my homework hahaha to back ..
Thanks I will check it out! :)
I'm just going to have a smile and be with him while I can :'(
Omg i gotta pee so bad but don't feel like walking outta class
What part of the country are these in? Where can I find the "other" Ben?
lol i always knew you were on that crazy shit. How did it go though?
ZERO percent #0% see jesse lee at Jay Honda Ohio in Bedford
That's my next step! trying to figure this out!!!
Work out time....
What's next in delivering experiences through labor specialization? #p2p #sxsw Is the theory of the firm dead?
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY AT THE COW! DOUBLE POINTS FROM 8-11pm. Call and reserve a table... Giddy UP!
Next year, it'll happen! #notWorried RT : Needs to get out of 1st round first
Watching my fav late night show the nanny
Waking up with a headache <
Here they come Pittsburgh is back in the game
Hope your well sir
I love everything about you that hurts so let me see your wounds
Listening to Broncos game & beginning to decorate store for Xmas.
I hate running poles
cant wait to see John Mark McMillan tomorrow at
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage ."- Lao Tzu. Happy Friday, yogis!
lol... Thanks for the s/o... What yo pic lookin like... What that hat and gun fingers to the head<U+E40D>cnt even show yo face?
Having or showing great emotion or Zeal.
Nudge should get heavy Calder consideration 43 points in less games
I see a lot of Barack Obama ads on Yahoo! mail. I tend to click on every one of them. I wonder if he is paying per click?
Loving my video game time with <3
she looks like a tree kangaroo! Or a red panda.
<U+266B> King & Queens, philosophers have tried so hard to find. Tell me what it means to u dear~never mind. Love is kind when the world is cold <U+266B>
RT : Congrats to on his first WT win! We'd put our money on him winning many more of them. <- rock on!
smart kid! Lol i need to quit going to their games. The 2 i have been to this year they have lost.
And it misses you too! :)
No mention of Oswego County's most notorious export yet.
should I be scared?
Hope your fellow Minnesotites are saying good things about me :-)
All Fenway locations, including , will be closed Monday, April 16 for Patriots' Day. We look forward to seeing you next week.
Follow me and I will def follow u right back :)
Ikr means I know right lol (:
My legs are killing me from tonight! But had a greeaaat time (; goodnight!
You lookin at me, Im looking through you !
Home from class. Got my guinea pigs settled n their new home! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Neon Shade & Leather Lace. You're Welcome.
I LOVE MY LIFE!
I used to complain about carrying diapers/wipes...now it's rubber gloves, Clorox wipes and a step stool because he has to pee like Daddy <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>
Steel sounds more interesting.
Fast Pass kicks a$$
wait did they play them on air or just post it on Facebook?
Arrived safely in chicago
Found 2 dollars in my jeans. Going to the cubs game with reese and jen. Its beautiful outside, its going to be a great day!
Oh. I guess all I had to do was ask. Nice. RT : Blazers trade center Marcus Camby to Houston Rockets, a source tells Y!
thanks for the follow!! Your kay mason foundation is awesome!
If you could cast me in ONE role, what would you LOVE to see me play?!
I agree, the sky is the limit for this kid. This freshman class is going to be very good with some experience.
Who begins too much accomplishes little. ~ German Proverb
i'm trying to tell myself that it's officially not ok to cry over an episode of chopped.
Thanks for keeping us updated and keep up the good work!
Follow me?(:
im just kidding lebb. :)
#FollowFriday- thanks for the #FF mentions & !! Check them out, give them a follow!
I seriously want to fucking break something, or hell, maybe burn some shit. Too god damned annoyed with people these days.
they did not approve lol
Can't wait for this NFL season to start!! Who's gonna get last place?!?! The race for #AndrewLuck begins!
$2 pints of Schlitz and RW Stein. $3 micro pints. 2-4-1 wells. What a great day to spend with me at 3007 s K.K. Blackbird. 4-9pm
UH WHO IS FRIDAY DIVA??
as long as you're also trying to attract men 80% of the time you did good.
lol it's ok, she's someone else's problem now. If I could reprogram my teenage daughter I'd be set. Lol
I got to see last night! Still pretty as ever!
On the flip side, if you're making a list comparing Osweiler and Russell Wilson, Wilson has pages of pluses. Osweiler's has "He's taller"
People. If I email you, please don't come over to me and talk about that email unless you really have to. IT'S IN THE EMAIL. thank you.
Robert Stern found peace today.
People with anything other than their actual middle name for a middle name on Facebook.
It's a great day to be.... at the beach!
Thanks to your session at Staff Development Day, I have been inspired to start tweeting
Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears by Verna Aardema: Blame the mosquitoes!
Dear immune system: I'm sorry I stressed you out. Please start working again. I want to get up off the couch some time this week.
Thanks for including us in your most recent issue!
Oh, $herdog (). Just read your post about Eminem and MTV over lunch at work. I could NOT stop giggling. :)
Thank you! I will revise. “: just FYI- street parking is still metered until 6pm on Saturdays. only Sundays are free!”
hawaii withdrawals. :(
I can't tweet song lyrics about love bc when I was in love it wasn't what I though it was
I think self-assessment and peer-assessment have to play integral roles.
used to be, games have been letting me down lately. Witcher 2, Fallout, Hunted. I'm going retro til something good comes out
Next week wed, thur, or friday is best!
At Penn State about to perform..
hold mah poodle! Hold mah poodle!
for my birthday this year am going all out
y r u there
pray for the UK government to wake up. Ppl don't riot for fun.
Lol u a mess
Come hang at Capital Grille - here until 7p. Grab a $50 #Trappers gift card while supplies last.
If need is 4 small farm w/ no permanent crops call Ca Farmlink, they know some area CPAs with expertise in direct-market farms.
Murray - web scale enables others to develop innovative applications
Still looking for WMDs, where are they? More, mistakes or more lies?
Happy Valentines Day #LeadershipChat I'll be in and out (Finishing dinner) Sending chocolate martini's for everyone
Games aren't won in the first 3 minutes...Y'all need to chill. Miami will make their run.
"So what are you doing in a hotel?" SXSWi goer to me after I say I'm local. Um...."Writing?"
thanks. Hugs are nice.
So tonight I'll fuck you like were in Houston taking it so slow so slow
Play ball! The Brewers and Moose Haas take on the Twins and Roger Erickson in Minnesota.
Your tweet had me in stitches...
It's fantastico! (is that a word?)
“: S/O to my new follower Follow Her!”Thanks
This is a very awkward conversation.
Damn sydnie shut up
the 39 steps
Yes!! Wanna hit up a game soon?
Wish I could watch #Community live, but at least I get to drag out the anticipation until tomorrow morning. Someday I'll have a TV again!
it all good
Contest is closed! Winners for the haiku contest have been DM'ed. Thx all who connected with their poetic side :)
I hate, when people, put comas in the wrong, places. ^
Beauty school dropout!!! Haha
My Maker And My King: This song shows that we love the old hymns of Anne Steel, as well as ZZ Top-inspired guitar licks.
I've always wanted to cuddle with you, and you're the sweet one for saying I'm the sweet one
something crazy!!!! :p idk yet I'll call you when I'm in Vevay to get you!
Nothing says Easter like a sermon featuring Martina McBride and Green Mile...
Kumarakom Houseboat - Must Enjoy Journey Once in a Lifetime ...
Have we talked about how much I love aggressive base running? Because I do.
the 28th :D
anything good?
Yes! you should :)
“Too many children in foster care are falling through cracks. . . . Be a hero -- take the time learn about adoption today.”
Sec tournament tickets for sale. Amazing seats for Thursday.
amazing performance tonight! I'm a fan now!
S/O to street team specialist....haha do your thang bro
I do. I've been getting up at 4:30 to work on my personal to-do list, including writing. I hope proctoring goes well today!
just because and I end our nights at doesn't mean we need to start there... Trying to diversify our portfolio!
I believe if life gives you lemons make lemonadethen find someone that life gave vodka to and have a party - Ron White
So who wants to start a band? I call lead singer.
Hey everyone tweetin from my iPod
hahha he kills boars i thought he was losin it at first well see... I might not leave my room for a week an watch it thru
Congrats to all the #oscar winners.
u gne make it G!:)
Where would you like to see the Patrick's Sunscreen booth?
once i'm home and out the shower babe c:
The game really opened up some eyes, and led to excellent discussion regarding choices, decisions, and consequences.
By any chance do you remember Lee Broshears? He was a great friend of mine and lived in Half Moon Bay.
There is nothing so annoying as to have two people talking when you're busy interrupting.
Sack Porter hahahah
Ok, show's over, back to work.
Crap. Not only did I just buy it to read for school. I accidentally bought two copies and was gonna gift one.
What would be the incentive prizes? I was thinking like, I'd write people a song or clean their bathroom... draw a caricature
My weakness....lip gloss. Not shoes. Not handbags. Lip gloss. Can't stop buying it. It's like my kryptonite!
Thank you! :-) Back at ya! XI
I just need something simple and plane
I'm so bored.
niqqa u were dick lead. I saw you in chipotle fuu
I seriously just want to scream til I cant breathe.
…Now to move Jenkins CI and other goodies from the Mac Mini over to Hackintosh so I can colocate the Mini as a web/email/etc server.
Snatch is on! word
haii,follow back?.:'D
In Sacramento looking over new screenshots
Fire in Poway, visible over hill from Glen Circle
A Thin Potato Griddlecake Stuffed with Braised Turkey Leg Meat, Auld Cheddar and Arugula, Topped with Fried Egg and Chive Caper Cream Sauce.
cannot wait to see you in #Asheville in November!
Christmas is right around the corner! You still have the time to get that perfect gift.Illuminated windshields. www.darksideshields.com
just phoned Barnes & Noble Book 'Women Pray Men Prey' wasn't available for purchase No Listing. Do u know when?
no drunken therapy sessions with a cab driver tonight?
Boyfriend...<3 Yes!
Thanks for joining us for an arts-filled wknd at AU w/ #Jazz, #EALS12 , #Dance & Symphonic Band! We'd love to hear what you think!
: hahaha what time u going to sleep?
“: I'm only thinkin about girls and gettin 2 dollar beers ;)” <-- Thanks for the plug! Glad you dig the tunes!
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Andrew Luck is 15/15 on the 5 Stanford Drives. Yeah, he is the #1 pick.
Starvin like Marvin!
no sir, I am fully aware of the threats we face. They are unfortunately not going away with voters like u amongst the electorate.
lol y u ask that?
See you tonight at the #sactweetup ! 6pm
the EK is the same color as the money I'm trying to make
Ahimsa is a feeling of non-injury. If you consciously inflict hurt on anybody, that is not being wise.
They should name the #HR profession the fatigue profession. Aren't we always tired my dear #humanresources and #recruiting professionals?
Alarm clock making you fat? What researchers found coming up!
is my wifey:)
Can‘t reply your text D; it always be “unsuccessful delivery” -_-
Our pleasure!
I mean NOTHING 2 ANYONE
No, I will not wait until after the holiday. We will get the work done today!!!
Whoa is blowin' up my timeline!!!... I love it!!
Last night I was fucked up
loved the podcast this week!
if you see someone smoking marijuana today, do a citizens arrest IMMEDIATELY. (also carry a gun because addicts are dangerous/violent.)
RT RT : . Illegal aliens have no Constitutional rights. Those are reserved for US citizens.
it was during class! People won't stop talking! Hahahaha
A triangle that hipsters, and gang banger homies made famous. RT : Can someone explain to me what The Illuminati is?
Simon Cowell Prefers Black Toilet Paper, Is That Weird? Simon Cowell might seem to hog the attention at times on X Factor , but away from
lol this week is a good week. Doing minimal work while those other jokers take EOCS. Good times :-D
Again, that word- interdisciplinary. Must be the theme of this symposium!
On videoegg.com for the 1st time. Like the layout of the site.
Pacsun is closing down.. These truly are, bad times.
Aziz Ansari at Paramount Theatre in Denver,CO July 21st! That's what's up!
Unending exhaustion. Why am I so tired?
everything in your bio sounds good except buckeyes ;-) GO Wolverines GO Blue
Where's my ice scraper? Am I going to need it again?
Step 4: Establish rules of relationship: Make sure you're speaking the same language & consider external variables
You spend 5 minutes, # Fallen Heroes Fund gains $1,000. See the blog - boyercom.com
I'm pretty great as well :)
the sneaker game is all based around hype. Demand for products is what drives the market.
That wouldn't be too bad...
Hurry up, weekend. :)
Merry Christmas Eve! Everyone have a wonderful and safe Holiday!
Why can't i get a THANK YOU for the gift i gave to you ):
I like those and Honestly
has new clearance items in our Accessories and Men's departments. #newarrivals cashmere sweaters for women and men
Off to the Sumner County jail for a couple of visits .
the lovely runs the world & can tell you are the BEST EVER!
glad we inspired you. Please proceed with caution... Lol
Many thanks for mentioning our little show!
Serious gaming: Have students develop a game for deep learning of a topic.
ALERT: verdict? RT : USC Student competing on XFactor. She'd better not suck.
I'm probably late but #SoListen music video is coming the 2nd week of May ;D so excited (;
This "Speaking Out" w/ Floyd Mayweather on is so pro-floyd it's ridiculous.
text me your number
Last day at National Association of Broadcasters conference in LV - great show - great scott lots of walking!
near Turner Field
Howdy! Welcome home (-away-from-home)!
is looking for 3 degree qualified #Junior #Network #Engineers for an exciting company in Seattle.
Great seieing you, too! Congrats for your wins as well. Everyone misses you but good luck with your new job.
Of course :)
this weekend!
Big THANK YOU to all the amazing women who contributed to our summer issue and helped out with the assembly! We couldn't do it w/out you!
": i will never call a guy " daddy " lol that ish sounds weird and awkward"
RT : RT : Ain't No Telling How This Story Might Play Out, Hopefully It's A Good Ending...
TicketsGenie.com was voted best place to buy concert tickets in Los Angeles CA
we love you so much <3 GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED
Thanks Nancy! You enjoy your day as well lady!
haha jason's favorite subject
can't wait for Friday! and I will be there!
Who wants to make 500 to 1,000 dollars a week from home without selling anything? Hit me up
My new favorite super hero: Snackman from NYC.
Hangin out in my new bedroom thinking bout the endless possibilities for decorating :p
Giant tasty burgers, huge nachos, great fries and a fun atmosphere. Let me know when you're going, maybe we can meet up.
Aww, thanks! It really was a wonderful surprise. :) Another time!
Wow my dad is such a jerk! I just want to run away and cry right now.
Less go Miami Team HEAT!!!
Anyone else intimidated by networking events hosted by institutions that you have no former connection?
I'm here to distinguish, the bears from the penguins.
I posted an internship for $125 and did not receive a receipt. I also contacted you via email and no response. Please advise:)
sending out press release for Golf tournament on April 23rd in Nashville can we include your name?
Thank you for following us :-).
What's more Bollywood than dancing in the Swiss Alps? Dancing on a boat comes pretty close!...guess what doing!...
"corporate America has destroyed love." "again."
yeah glad I decided not to go down that road.
If you haven't heard that new grab your significant other and blast this at the highest level
Dear Lady Gaga, please stop calling my name again and again. I'm not deaf. Sincerely Alejandro.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>! Im coming to Savannah tomorrow!
lots of subtweeting tonight on twitter
strange I dreamt that was Lost monster
Haha you know it:)
I ride Tierra Santa area often at lucy its right across the 15 from the teams training facility.
My dog is so cute :)
Jazz on Mic is holding audtions for the next hot jazz sensation 10/2011. send youtube link(auditioning) to
PLEASE FOLLOW MEW
What's up, guys? Indoor recess... Lol! Can't wait for eighth grade to be over!
Watching #fanjam on VH1 and it is a great show! Congratulations to all involved. Makes me proud to be part of the NFL.
“: I managed 2 pull something positive out of 2day. I have been working very hard on swim & had a PB” Congrats! <U+E41F><U+E41F><U+E41F>
Absolutely. I think we should start a "No-Digi-Day" challenge to get people off everything electronic a least once a month!
its #TeamNoSleep tonight, i don't even want to., i hate girls man, nothing but ducking trouble, ughh ! I'm finna be gay.
oh no. :( that's the worst, I hope yuo feel better
He's choosing the American dream.
Eh can't sleep....
RT John jones? RT If you take Andre Miller's hair and give it to Sam Cassell, what do you get?
Cisco transform from escalation to collaboration through #swarming via
I do
go to that and do you are where it says "direct messaging"?
Young Sinatra...anyone?
Photographers - I need a smallish messenger-style camera bag to hold d-slr + one extra lens. Any recs?
thanks ma'am! Xoxo
CRAP ON A CRACKER !!!!!!!!! I MISSED MURPH! #busyseason sniff RT : Daniel Murphy is on now! Tune in!
If you lie very still in bed in a hooded sweatshirt under all the covers, all your sad feelings get pulled into the threads of the sheets.
what was that YouTube video you referenced in the beginning of the overdose today? Sounds hilarious.
Karen, same here. I would be one giant sad face for a yr if I didn't buy books. I could do it, but man it would suck
The mainstream Western view until ~1850 was that you should save love for your mistress.
||Ukraine||home, sweet home..
he flopped like crazy
My first work out in 3 days and I'm getting my ass kicked
Anxiety getting the best of me again
True! He's a problem, a big one. But our lack of offense & leaving men on base when our offense is "on" are big problems too.
The pain never goes away. It just lingers in the air above you and when the time you don't want it around it comes back and tortures you...
What trampoline trick gives you that flying, floating feeling you crave so much?
no matter what next social network is coming along we will be ready for it at
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;)
wished like hell i could be there. twugs
Pft. Even better. I make vacations fun.
I'm doing good ! Bouta finish school. How's school for you?
an audition today, and two tomorrow... I'm liking the start of this week.
Nah... Even if D-Rose isn't playing it will take CHI 6games at most. Crunchtime C will hold it down
so it's been one year since i ran my last 1/2 marathon. i need to get back on the treadmill. literally.
New category: People who read your twitter because they like reading your twitter and in doing so learn there are naked pictures
btw One Moment was legit man. very unique. i can't think of another band/artist with yalls sound. pumped for the new tracks!
so our votes don't count. THATS COOL TOO. WATCH THE WINNER BE LIKE FANNY PAK OR SOME SHIT
I have more videos but they're taking forever to upload.... *sigh*
'I resisted the computer as long as I could.' -Chip Kidd. {today's event at Discover World}
Knicks first game of a 4 game winning streak
Unethical behavior can happen anywhere. The env won't stop that. But in a #ROWE, it comes to light more quickly.
Strength is necessary! Stay above those negative influences in ya life.
Logical? Absurd is more like it. Name 1 example of such 'free society'.
yeah i havent talked to you in a long time
Looks impressive. Are students required to participate in this?
's actually kind of nice to go through & fill in answers with my husband especially now that baby looks like a little boy!
Good god, three OTs.
Ended regular season with a 45-17 record for #Brewers games I attended. Great summer w/ trips to StL, Min, Pit and ChC. Ready for Playoffs!
The research team Masters and Johnson documented 1 case of a woman who had a 43 second long orgasm.
captivity to travel? Or travel to captivity?
drugs suicide dropping out of high school running away etc etc etc
- we used to get the same attitude at MBS. And free wi-fi.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.ETSY.com Visit my #ETSY shop for a #sale on #Mexican #Talavera #earrings!
lmao im puerto rican so I'm going!!!! An to see them I was just telling my Mother I'm going!!!
I'm so glad I'm not with all those crazy loud asians
Efficacy of “Mini IVF” Under Question, New Study at Center for Human Reproduction Reveals
that was not funny... Lol JK it really was
Awesome. Congrats RT : GeekWire is pleased to welcome Facebook as a sponsor. See post on geekwire.com
Malcolm *definitely* deserves supreme recognition. But I think you have to ask what a holiday symbolizes.
Sarcasm. Hello my long lost friend! I'm good. Things have been hectic. Getting married! How are u?
hi your account DMd me a spam link; you might want to check your login security & linked apps.
. Thank you for the follow!
“: I can't overstate the importance of Phil Hughes this year. If he is back to form, that's big.” don't hold your breath.
If Rob was 51 like Petrino not only would I not fire you Rob. I'd give you a high-five
Good advice! RT : If God can take a day off, so can you.
"I can't wait for the day that I see (insert name here) on the side of the road begging for money" "I'll throw my drink at him" my mom omg
I don't know why I'm always surprised by people who aren't artists who do shit like that.
Kreg advocates receiving more care at home. It seems that there are some serious economic boundaries to that.
is appearing , Th, Fri, Sat! He's joining us live at 945. If you have any questions for him, let us know now.
I love you! :) can I get one back? Please?
i need a new phone. like an iphone or an evo or just something better and more legit than my lame blackberry
Can you hear me now... There's no light, there's no sound... Can you hear me?
Thanks for broadcasting my presentation on "Founding Rivals!"
IIt's a reference to Mommy Dearest - a movie about Joan Crawford -who was horribly abusive and went bat shit over wire hangers.
Alex Hanna masterclass this afternoon!
allyson! did you do your science homework?!
Tomorrow is my last day of school before Spring Break!! Finishing my portfolio for English tonight and Journalism stuff! Blah! Hahah
I need MEAT!
Stop by our FB page and see the latest in our Bikes for Kids winners. This week's child is an inspiration & example for all!
It was Mr. Hanky, the Christmas poo! :)
Very interested in opinions on stylus for iPad. Weigh in!
my boss went into labor... and didnt approve me taking tomorrow off? idk what to do
God IS and WAS and WILL ALWAYS be!
Yeah that ones a eh?!?
If we all report it to twitter, and ask twitter to change his email to his first setup email, he might get access again
Oops! WE thought you went yesterday :) The buger is amazing. And definitely try the Apt 137 cocktail!!
Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths. - Drew Barrymore
I sure do love you too!
- Greater freedom with greater accountability. Rigorous reforms rewarded with flexibility to achieve results.
aww, you're so sweet, I should send you my breakfast burrito recipe you would love it.
Going too sleep late everynight , and regreting it every morning <<<
I hope that noise is the fates aligning and not the wall caving in.
Happy Birthday!!! (:
Any tw wishes or thoughts dreams ex. you've had tw related dm us and while tweet it anonymously automatically=)
Excellent! We're closed and redesigning all of our exhibits to include much of the same.
Setting the for so I remember to recycle my wine bottles.
Heading to Hollywood DI to look at the final mix and color for Two Shadows. Wow, now onto the next phase of festivals and distribution
Why'd you hand over the Google Reader update to Facebook, ? I thought only they could botch up a redesign so badly.
YAY!!!! That would be awesome :)
We are #wiunion and we will watch the Spirit of Democracy tomorrow; Like David-dancing-in-the-street, Praising! Money can't buy you Love.
I love it, Frank! It sounds like a great book regardless of any nearby bodies of water. I'll read it!
i never though i had to say this cuz its hard to say well i guess Goodbye... :'(
Hey Jeff, for which event are you looking for speakers?
I really like your logo!
“It is in the company of Jesus that you work for the glory of God.”
awhhh im bored now :(
Rep. Markey arguing for an LNG export ban on the House floor: "Oil and natural gas are not lobsters. They are not toothbrushes."
I really don't understand how people can hate on Adele, like wat the fuck man?
I miss that show called Awkward.lol
Nick Johnson for MVP!!!!
Awesome show tonight! You guys still have it!
Breaking: Qdoba now has Whole Wheat tortillas! :)
Black movie of the Day "Remember the Titans" I love that movie!
this is true!
"I have a Dream..." to give you Buy One Get Free Deluxe Box Lunches all day today!
now following... New feed here and my brother told me to follow.. Great info on here.. Hope enjoy the information I will tweet
-well show it to me, but I doubt it-LOL
lol have a good one bro. Txt me if ya want 1.916.753.5586 :D
Good morning #ABQ - Make it a wonderful Wednesday!
it's an obvious choice. Plus, we're just connected like that.
I see u mane handle dat.. Gotta ketchup when ur back this way!
MT : From summer camp with BU in 07 to graduation on May 20th, has been one of the greatest parts of my life.
Good Luck
Just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky and see a star.
From the wild things in this office, RIP Maurice Sendak
we smoke all the time Jamil.stop lying
LOL Loudly RT : And here's First Lady Ann Romney now! | MT What will your last tweet ever be?
o. i forgot u uh OKC FAN tHought u was a laker fan
Although online sales R over, it ain't too late 2 buy tickets at the door. SPJST Lodge #88 1435 Beall Street Houston, TX 77008 C U after 8.
How are you fighting to dismantle institutional racism?
loving this morning,living this morning, live is good this morning thanking the man above for these many blessings
From a founding father. "Those who sacrifies freedom for security deserved neither." B. Frankin
Have no fear, #Brewers baseball is here. And soon you'll have me to admire standing outside of Miller Park.
My pillow is calling my name...good night. Sweet dreams!
well I hope it gets unawkward soon and I did have a few "beverages" at the club but I think b/c of my meds I take on top of
Lily's at a sleepover, so dinner out, long walk; gee, it's too quiet around here.
omgosssh you look like a cute lil kid ;3 dont take it the wrong waay .
You seem a little concerned about the integrity of this new premature jobs data.
Stop Tantrums forever! 5 Keys Unlock Better Behavior LIVE TALK 5/10 DESERT SPRINGS CA Coachella Autism Society 6p
HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY <(^-^)>
So I'm flipping though the Winter 2004 #SuedeMag w/Eve on the cover and guess who I see in the contributors S/O...Mr.
Having nothing to do at work is so boring
Did you love every bite ?
Perfect your skills in the marketing strategies you use so they are effective
I freakin' love
Alex & his girl swear they can fight.
lol u welcome, i go sometimes wen i feel like it dats how i kno
And and
Thanks for the support!
HESG a stock which had literally no volume for months has been trading large number the last few days ...???? super sub penny ..?
Headed out shortly to Rock Bottom to connect with and Dan Sundgren. Then to meet up with
Going to Virginia and Tennessee for a whole week leaving tomorrow :) i hope this is fun
I could be watching #OLTL right now if it wasn't cancelled. #Stab at ABC and Soap Network
Sweet Tootsies! Congrats !
Thank you! and returning a HUGE SHOUT OUT to
Hey Ron Artest! World Peace my ass.
Harry better not go search 'Harrys shit' ... He was perfect. Ok.
Out here at Alabama State spring game, fuck wit me
S/O sunday. Who wants one?(:
hehehe. Funny funny. I like this.
Type into the search box on Twitter and be amused
#QRReaders Any ideas for a free one for Mac laptop?
Anyone watch my vid? :)
Wait, is in me? At last, someone almost as angry as I am (at least about crazy people like Paula Deen).
I loved seeing you too, sisssserr!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
An "official" hashtag hasn't been developed to my knowledge. But #SNCA12 is what I'm going with!
very much agreed! Is az gunna beg like a dog??
1.8 K THANKS EVERYONE. I LOVE YOU ALL<3 IM HERE FOR ANYONE IF THEY NEED SOMEONE TO TALK TO<333
Follow me please ChaChi I love you! I think you're really pretty wish I could see you in person :) your the best I love you
Can't believe the Mariners swept the Orioles! This could be the year!
that staircase has claimed many victims.
Starting a "simple" e-jounral not as easy as it might seem.
what are you getting?
Love you sexi batches xo
It's Friday! That means opening of #largerthanlifeexhibit! Thanks to InteriorArchitectureStudents for designing & installing!
haha must be the first day for icore case
massive house cleaning!
Any suggestions for cool tshirt companies that print their designs on American Apparel deep V tees?
RT : WHERE ARE YOU AT THESE DAYS PRESTON *>*Hanging in there...
All the cool kids will be at the LSP tomorrow. Gathering Waters Fest.
loll, he sounds so delish. Unnnf
I seem to remember one in SLU. Can't remember what street but I believe it ran North/South.
RT Just off the top of my head: squirrel- Either u hate me or hate CC.
Will do. Thanks for the suggestion!
" Ha! RT : Newtons Law of Blowjobs: "Boners go up, bitches go down." - Remember, obey the law lol.
uh oh she knows scott run
ta caliente ;P
2nd code word... "Pumpkins", already had over 1000 entrys.. woahhh.. email code and your info to enter
RT : OUR NEWEST VIDEO! This is compiled with footage from it out and leave some love!!!...
We are now!
NO I wish but its ok Yo get me a BF for my bday
You cant let fear keep you from caring about someone.
Q, sounds like things are going well. Lets find sometime today to catch up for a few.
#Caps coverage: with highlights with fans Jill Sorenson reports live from NY. News4 at 11
tell her I'm ready to see her also!!! lol
#atsummit says we have a 21st Century vision with a 20th century funding model.
"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walk out."
Mine is Jaws, but Oddjob is a close second.
um what are your tour dates?? LOL Hope to see you back in NY soon :-)
Bouta eat good (((:
Ive never registered for a handicap in golf. Heck Ive never even had a lesson, but thanks to the WSGA () I'll have a handicap 2morow
why does I matter if I just followed you. you only have like 300 anyways <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
is watching Top Model and drinking a glass of wine :-)
Longer than that! Come for as long as you want whenever you want!
I think it's creepy how ppl follow so many other ppl on instagram yet they have zero pics
Was going to have more of a discussion about Du Bois. Maybe I can incorporate the two. hm.
How do you leverage engagement to drive bottom line metrics? Were going to find out!
RAW = Lightroom = AWESOME!
oh no , i will not survive lmbooo
#nlw6words Libraries house the adventures to come.
Thank you Robert Jan van Pelt for three outstanding presentations. Book launch was great. We recommend "At The Edge of the Abyss. "
I went in on these TTs today ._.
ugh...some stupid questions and answers i dont wanna hear.
you should check out helpful info for freelancers :)
I love how Elis Regina sounds like she's about to lose it in "Águas de Março". Every time I listen, that's the moment I'm anticipating.
hello love <3
Today is the most occuard Saturday I've ever had no lie smh lol
I love Mr Money Mayhem team Floyd all day
Downloading it NOW!!!! Kisses
Ah! I am just so so proud of you :)
Yes, I do enjoy unfollowing people hell bent on educating us on social media, and other popular MarCom practices.
Looks like at Sat's Ty Segall show, had to deal w/ beer in her shoes and had to deal w/ commenters. A draw?
that IS odd!
Thanks for following What can I say it mega expensive to live in CLE so get your coupons with these guys and save some $!
i'm not even stupid! that's what pisses me off the most. :p
To all of yall... Im sorry
#turnmyswagon is awesome!!!
Aw :( And I'm going to be home in PA next week! Let me know when you head back East!
Eyes are getting heavy. Time to head to bed. About to let Marsha Ambrosius take me awaaaayyyy :-)
had rocking night in austin for nye. happy 2011 people
wow, just got really overwhelmed
RT : cant trust these mofos >>> man who you telling
You're here for a very brief time. The purpose is to enjoy it. That and a minor thing called enlightenment :)
so rude <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
When?Missed it at GDC.
-I'm an EarlyReturns member having very bad experience- if you can DM me to discuss w/in 8 hrs, you'll avoid a pending rant
haha damn. Only on there about 5 times!
Just bought George Harrison's "Early Takes Vol 1" from Amazon for $5! This, right here, is good stuff.
Followers are for tyrants. Like the GOP. I tell it like it is. You are a piece of shit. FUCK YOU!
Good to see and join the party! We sure do it good and we do it all night! #beerpong #twitterbinge 13/24
13 hours of sleep.
Oh, Tedicles! I want to hear. Also, I have mine doing interviews. What are you using to do the 'stitching' in terms of software?
Fantastic location 4
EEK :D
First in line for the screening of Dark Shadows!
Probably Dexter or The Walking Dead
I keep pacing around the floor making shit awkward for couples and shit.
On my way to Anthology I stumbled upon Crossfire Invictus. I feel out of shape just watching these peeps. Bah!
"Reality is for people who can't handle drugs."
its really sad to when i come home and isnt following me|:
amazed sometimes with how long editing video can take...
Jim Collins: the X-Factor in gr8 #Leadership is *not* a charismatic personality.
S/o to Good to work with you a few months ago w/ Let's collab soon.
I never thought I'd need you there when I cry..
just so you know, , Madame Monochrome became my summer soundtrack. fuck it, its now the soundtrack to my LIFE.
is dis ashley from ny
“: can visit my southern thing” this was uncalled for... but original..
Mall with bestfriend and boyfriend.
BEST GYROS IN MILWAUKEE
Thanks! Been looking for an excuse to live on Cashews and Beer, since I'm always hungry. Awesome! (Starting now.)
"Help me I'm poor"
good luck
Extra Extra
(2:50) Scattered showers after 4 with a chance for isolated T'storms. Overnight low: 46°.
"every deed counts...every word is power...above all...build your life as if it were a work of art." Reb. A. Heschel
no one really .. like my class only has like 5 people
ive never seen u have north there wth ! Shout out to my vikings!!!!!
Calling me annoying then laughing...Yeah don't worry I'll leave you alone now.
LOL.... He is indeed! Too funny.
Ahah naturally you'd love it. Have a great weekend and hope you get a chance to stop by :)
That awkward silence in the car after a fight.
Food Truck Wars Mar 31 MiCasita, Kona Dog, Kinfolks, Philly Grill, Cafe Rouge, Joji Yogurt, Burger Culture, Fat Tortilla, Maggie on the Move
#primal saturdays be looking like the united nations - they ve got girls from all over the globe coming through
actually 3 away. Hit one last night.
please fwd to followers:post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
Fact: A typical community forest of 10,000 trees will retain approximately 10 million gallons of rainwater per year
I had hard day.
cryptology maybe only as solid of a theory as quantum mechanics, there needs to be a better way to secure digital data
Today is one of those days when you look at the clock and say -- good grief. It's already 4:30??
Good Night
I'm obsessed with this one bachata song dude^.<3
I HATE soda especially coke
Hello hello hello.
Me and should go out!:) were perfect for eachother
Oh, and I plan to. (Also, bonus cool points for being a guy who just admitted to having read/watched Anne of Green Gables.)
at least I know there are more california mahomies haha
So if today is the first day of the rest of my life, does that mean I don't have to pay last month's bills?
“: are you going to too?!?!?” ... Everyone is starting to talk about the swag-apalooza. Join us.
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
I love this song ;)
HARD BOILED WONDERLAND AND THE END OF THE WORLD by Haruki Murakami
anyone hiring? i need a job...
I'm an Ohio ex-pat now in Johnson City, so we gots to kick #Michigan's ass!
A fan of Demi Lovato know Demi Lovato but lovatics know who loves to fall in Brazil.
Graduation day at the Baird&Warner Career Institute! :)
Discounts on top of discounts! For just $12, you will get $850 worth of Golf coupons from Let's Golf Wisconsin - only on www.crowdclick.com!
I Ligit haven't left my bed since 9am yesterday
Great hanging out with you on the #BALLE2012 Farm to Fork tour!
The Show Goes On!. <3
Hey Influensters, Tell us about your favorite #beautyvoxbox products! we want to see your feedback, videos, blogs!
you promised to hang out and eat sno cones all day. so this summer, I shall wait patiently
If you want some entertainment, click on this #AllStarWeekend hashtag and read the intelligent comments
Thank you for the follow. All the best Cheryl Frampton.
I wish I had an ocean close.... just have freezing rain all over!
No more 3s
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful God gifted mothers out there!!!! We appreciate your dedication and love! God bless you <3
Who looks better? Beyonce or Kim K
Chicago Man Rescuing Yale Business Ranking Prompts Anxiety - Businessweek Snyder, who led Chicago’s Booth School of Business for a decade
It's nice to be in love... Gotta remember to cool down lol
LET'S GO DUKE!!!
Wait til you turn 30 and then 40. You'll appreciate my humor then.
Just agreed to try Bikram yoga with and I'm sweaty just thinking about it.
Can't believe I'm up this early on a Saturday. Omg
+1! Like the new logo, too!
Very inspirational to see all of the Body By Vi Promoters having success in Charlotte - jump on board and get in now!
Your welcome buddy! haha RT : Might pick up a new Friday night in LA - stay tuned!
Soliloquy looks awesome and would love to be involved in beta testing.
Don’t drink and drive. We’ll bring our pies to you!
Tomorrow, a corporate show in Salt Lake CIty.
We cover a variety of items: Religion, Psychopathy, Politics, Ancient History, Philosophy, The Human Mind, and much, much more. Read & learn
Russ Smith thinks Austin Rivers shoots too much.RT : Kobe thinks Austin Rivers shoots to much
Is is more impt to protect against outirght fraud like this, or lazy reporting (view-from-nowhere, PR as news, etc)?
Phase delta 1 is a go, but every thing else is rescheduled
ikr and I'm trying
Maybe she's a prosty?
Happy Monday Tw'eeps! Hope you had a fun theatre filled weekend!
yep haha I was there twice bc I forgot my retainer
Loving living my life on my own terms!!
don't even watch it...
Happy Halloween!! We should have a Pros and Cons treat for you very soon - within the next 2 weeks!!
“: I love how I can just pretend being fine and everyone believes it even when I'm not.” then say you're not.
oh I figured that was the case..
Thanks so much for coming! :)
Thank goodness! Can you start with some brain/smartness transfers?!
Thanks for not being afraid to share your perspective!
SPJ Summer Fiesta - TONIGHT! All journos & friends welcome! 6-9 pm, Alamo, 2502 San Diego Ave, Old Town. Free food, big fun!
party party party (;
hadiyah, caleb? is that u lol
RT : BREAKING: Somebody actually swung and missed at a K-Rod changeup.
mumma thanks for loving me enough that you payed $143 for my haircut… love you<3
you joined the air force?
MFLING... A lot of niggas talk that talk but rearly walk that walk... Miami Fast Life Dropping This Month!!! Are You Ready????
with your teddy bear?
In #Oklahoma? Come meet Advocates Marty and Gay Lynn Bullock at the #Parkinson Foundation of Oklahoma annual symposium
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon
Swear to God I'm going to be single for the rest of my life!!
Good Morning..... "Happy Monday"
Well if you do those two things well, you will have plenty to keep you busy! I am always proud of you :)
I've concluded that the more you eat for breakfast, the harder it is to go up the stairs.
Not a good sign when the children's clinics elevator smells like booze.
^JD, got the message, completed the steps, saying a prayer! Thanks again!!
RT 'Thanks! Enjoy." Dinner
#MyPastRelationships included a boy having a baby. and never telling me. i had to find out the hard way.
I can't believe Casey Anthony was found not gulty!!!
“Having the vision's no solution, everything depends on execution” ~ Stephen Sondheim
I'll join the team!
My great thanks, Harmony! Hope you enjoy...
no problem!
It will be good to see you!
i whip my hair back and forth.
:-p he had a good call!!
....one of the highlights of our year :) Happy New Year to you and !
A man is given the choice between loving women and understanding them
Tangerine RT Blue or tangerine?
you know it's going to be a long day at work when you bring your own toothbrush and toothpaste to the office..
yes, definitely time for some folks to go home.
what the.
the way you and have been tweeting it sounded like y'all were apart.. Aha
“: Voting to unite sag n aftra finally. Vote yes actors” YES!! You ROCK!
YOU ARE SO SWEET! Thank you! :)
We in this thang!!!
The "Lets Go Blue Jays" chant during the Leafs game last night could not be more appropriate
Hungry "ALERT"
Thanks for the follow - & enjoyed your meetup - do you have a date for Drupaldelphia?
There are going to be extraordinary technical advances that put the mobile device at the heart of enjoying live sports events
probably ghost- I tend to lose my keys; the whisping through walls thing could be useful
New drinking and driving game: a shot for ever dodge charger you pass.
Its the non factors that be the loudest
went mudding :p
It is always ok to be honest
it's allergy-induced bronchitis and sinusitis. And it blows.
I have 2 bathrooms, both sinks started leaking this morning. -did you send the angry plumbing gods to my place?
Back to reality after a weekend of wedding fun with Brits, the Irish and us- so happy for cuz
Had a dream I could fly by swimming in the air, so fun.
Missed and #twitterlessmike this weekend :(
So tired G'nite ya'll
Beverly, it's a distinct pleasure. Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for helping us reach the most extraordinary #volunteers in the country, !
lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I can't! Hahaha! I miss you sis!
no being honest !!
I guess he's counting on the GOP turning on Romney in the end like a rabid dog.. Ron Paul said he wouldn't have voted for the civil rights
thats good, what would u do if he didnt?
Technical architecture of computers is being determined by entertainment industry copyright lawyers who want to enforce DRM.
Looking forward to the and #NBAPlayoffs series starting tonight. Don't think LA has a chance, but it's going to be good.
Yay! so exciting!
Now the anti media card
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do"...Steven Jobs
Say hi to #MaryMary and Joseph now bottoms up & double my dosage
idk if I can go today :-/
If you play alliance you can choose from 6 different races and if you play horde you can be a blood elf
Awww Susie, Cheer up!! :)
Toasting is an art #DID2012etiquette keep it short, sweet and simple
hey could u bring me a pair of gym shoes 4 gym 2maro?
i'm not sure they can actually change anything... just create the illusion of new rules and hope enough people buy it.
Wearing the same thing I wore the last time I went out? It's okay because it's my uniform ala !
lol you like it?
I love him, oh yes i do. Hes for me, not for you. But if by chance you try to take my place, ill take my fist and smash your face :)
thanks for stoping by today.
I'm so friendly
No they aren't!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :) <3333 have an amazing day.!!!
I have got to see battleship! Someone watch it with me tomorrow! c:
Do you check to make sure your PC Repair person is insured, licensed, and vetted? Protect yourself, protect your home, protect your biz.
different systems starting w/framework (.net vs php). Our clients like #eecms much more as umbracco isn't quite as intuitive.
Also i see you are a horror fan. SO am I...
Exactly. When the celebs vanish and the nerds who care are free to be ourselves again.
I apologize for all the YouTube upload notifications. I was creating playlists and didn't think it was going to autoshare everything I did
I’ve got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. -Larry Bird
Been doing that all year RT Kobe got a a stomach ache and throwing up bricks.
MY BABY SWEDES THO OMG MY TEARS
Hey girl! Good to talk to you again!!!
yup bs
yeah, guess she hid it pretty well :(
I really want to try out and make it this year
Best of luck to you!!
they might
great bumping into you and catching up
2nd installment of lifetime annuity guidance "coming soon"
yikes... I think I got that! Thanks boo
i swear if you ask me to go one more time i will slaughter you
oh yeah. I'm lovin it!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The person who pays child support is usually ordered to pay for the children's health insurance as well.
Perhaps you should start from the veins.
aw thank you!
lil is awesome!
Happy Birthday !!! I still remember playing paddycakes with little you. Too bad i always won, ha ha!
new plans on the horizon... the original ogas line-up is back in force.
Lol Kobe is on SportsCenter complaining about ppl putting 2gether "Super Teams". How soon we forget. Shaq, Paton, Malone, and himself?
It must be nice to wake up rich and beautiful everyday.
Old asking alex or new asking alex;p? Which should i listen to <FixMyHeart;*>
“: I smile eveeeerytime I see justin's #NEVERSAYNEVER3D trailer. <3”. I vomit every time I see it.
let's start a rockabilly band and bring the scene back :)
He said "I'd call you my wife, before I'd ever call her my wife!" MY HEART AT THAT MOMENT>>>>>>>>> :') <3
Can we start by firing the Madison teachers?
Guess I'm not going to class today?
RT : oh, see, I thought you asked for "web coding for dummies," not "web coding for douchebags." let me see what I can find.
trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew
Research and Markets: Data Center Cooling Solutions Market in Spain 2011-2015: Emerson Network Power, APC, and Rittal ...
Clement Price of Rutgers University at the podium discussing race, identity, and American museums
I LOVED #SaySomethin SO MUCH! IT'S SUCH AN AMAZING SONG!!<3
Life of a Heat fan: I'm taking my personal problems to South Beach.
For actn outta script I give em clips like terantino
you miss Japan, I miss Italy, we both dislike Greg sellnow, we both love each other. <U+E50B><U+E50F><U+E004>=<U+E05A><U+E425>
Ofcourse and thank you!
not Murray State
It was nice meeting you tonight!!
Rebel America lands instrumental placements for Bravo's The Real Housewives of Atlanta & CMT's Behind the Music: - Miranda Lambert TV Shows
I swear we have THE HARDEST part! thank you cremeans -___-
RT: God loves you. You were created by the hand of God on purpose, and He has a wonderful plan for your life.
Watching #Basketballwives on DVR with wifey and is looking crazy attacking Keisha. You have kids. Wow!
aahahah I wish I had witnessed it!
$2 Drinks tonight!!! No Cover! Come boogie!!!!
MQFTD: If you think your too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito... DL
2 weeks till my boo's Bday and I can't wait to give him his surprise I'm getting anxious bc he thinks he knows but he has no idea!!! :)
iight than that's good news yess
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT PEOPLE!!! WE READY FOR A GOOD PARTY TONIGHT!!! TIME FOR A FEW DRINKS!!!! PARTY-TIME
Happily reading about culture and what, exactly, entails cultural change. Also, happy to be in DC.
Come on
The Dems, who have held the majority for years, were completely blindsided by the manueuver.
It's harder to get the away team, but sometimes I do see them. If I see him, I'll let u know and we can work something out.
Alternative food options scarce in area - Crusader Online
/G\ has seen my labor and I am finally getting my wages
maybe it just wasn't meant to be..
perfect idea
#MVP! RT : Cesar #Izturis now has as many home runs this year as Albert
I know who I am And know What I want. My confidence was Shot but now I'm ok So To Speak... Just wish I could Find that good Love...
I haven't really before (I kinda have but mehhhh not really) so I just want that part of my life to exist
that's cool
If I gotta sound out your name <
Just finished the Hunger Games. I didn't know it was a LOVE STORY! (I'm glad i didn't know.) Now go tell that crush you're into them. Now.
Watching BarnYard with the Big Sis.... :)
haha fuck it, I mean either way he is gonna be dressed up in full pads
I like watching morning joe with on #MSNBC because i can watch it live at 3am on the west coast when I am up with my 5 month old.
I miss your musk
I am. These papers are divided into sections, so it's easier to take them in chunks as I screw around on here.
damn that's good. What's that from.
I am requesting a toll to be paid in full once you move back up of at least one true California summer day up here.
Yo mama so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a roll on deodorant.
The coffee table vibrations from the boys phones when the bars let out
I have heard good things about them for some time. Are u gonna teach at DePaul this year? I have to take my capstone.
Not even tired anymore, fuck that shit.
This. RT : As a #Whitesox fan I have to say, I am Wood and Dempster fan...so I wish Kerry Wood luck.
sent out an awesome #Santa wig and beard yesterday! Happy early holidays!
If you want the Patriot Act to be repealed, you must tell Congress. Otherwise, it will never be repealed, nor will it even be reformed.
Can't wait for Bachelor Theater tomorrow!!!! Please bring your black gloves as a prop!
What is your favorite? RT: Q8. Bloody Mary or Champagne Mimosa – best breakfast #cocktails for the #MothersDay bar?
One more night to go... One more. PLz let all go well and hassle free.
the transporter of pee is the best ever!
I guess on the bright side I introduced someone to five guys today. \o/
#Caps Hamrlik it looks like
art-science collab: process of inquiry gets shared, or do "proven" science tools get used? getting really interesting
Talking to chyna HMU if u wanna talk
yeah... it still wont work for me! i think skype hate me! hahaha
barback every now and then.
hey morning
The best memories come from bad ideas.
I have to do 14 vocab words....
i do it cause i love you lol.lo
I'm filming for Nickelodeon's new series 'Mission Dawn' :)
Single or not. I'll be happy.
AM money alert...Dow down almost 350 in first 26 minutes of trading.. Watch closely today
HAPPY EASTER!!!!! :D
Good ideas all around! There is your project for tonight, and then wrap them for gifts! :)
Not a fan of hearing peter gabriel songs during household appliance commercials.
it's Sajda :)
Bad girls are no good, good girls are no fun
#ICanHonestlySay you've been on my mind since i woke up today. <3
Like this, if u use the word.
take care! signed, Guy Who Doesn't Know You But Really Likes Your Twitstyle
Continuing tour of 70s soft rock: Poco's "Heart of the Night" is quite possibly the most half-hearted songwriting ever to make top ten.
Damnit. Down by 7. Need to finish this quarter off strong.
between #thatcamp prime and digital dialogues, it looks like i may finally manage to meet in the flesh!
Innovate: (verb) What people that do not work for the Government do to make progress and profits. ;-)
Starting long day of travel back home after ASHA. Thanks to the thousands of folks who stopped by our booth!!
:/ ill text you if you want
Congratulations! RT : BLISS AND GLORY THE BABY SLEPT ALL NIGHT
what's illegal about getting hit with a bad cold?
Needed to work from home today and spent every minute of it outside, loving it.
Dean Mark Kornbluh from presenting at faculty meeting giving a glimpse of the future of higher ed
Did you hear their construction noises on air all day yesterday? They still might be doing that today; odd.
Monthly 941 payroll taxes are due on the 15th...grace period until Monday the 17th since the 15th is on a Saturday....don't forget to pay!
According to radar, brunt of storm appears to be passing south of Churchill Downs. There is lightning that's struck nearby a couple of times
...then beat them completely senseless.
sure, fire away
Just programmed my whole schedule for tomorrow with reninders into my phone. This is very wrong.
,,Why don't Atheist just leave us alone and when it's all over they can laugh at us Christians & say I told u so, chancey.
SBA Golf Tournament tomorrow, and I've got some new golf shoes. Thanks !!
EL Ten Eleven, Races and Mwahaha this friday at The New Parish
Watch us do it
Liquor is so much more dangerous than doobie
I don't know whats up with my family but they DO NOT believe in sendin they kids to daycare
This is why the devil is fighting me so hard right now...because of my destiny, in music and in Him...but I will continue to do His will
Twitter aint benn on here in a while wats goin on tweeters
Shine responsibly Angie! :)
Thanks for the
nothing much! How about you?
Just found witstream.com thanks to
best day ever <3
SMDH @ da person who jus cought da microwave on fire in da break room tryin 2 worm up some chicken soup w/ foil on top...
nothing much. Keeping it low key. Lame but its better that way
Its #Draftday, who's excited?!
Happy Easter! Headed to mass at Xavier in NYC
an inquiry based model of learning requires students to be engaged. Thanks for this article!
Yeah everything is goin good no complaints
Happy Birthday David Beckham :-)
Thx, Evan. Prob a good idea. I'm thinking of ways to say what I really think w/o looking unprofessional. Such a crapshoot...
Looking foward to sleeping on the bus tomorrow, so dont plan on sitting beside me.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys()
Gonna be a interesting football weekend
I sleep on once side of the bed and my cat on the other<3
Heading to Paris?
“: RT : can't wait to hear! and for you guys to start selling out arenas”
A little red wine, some sauce, and some linguine with white clam sauce. Soft and delicious. Makes for a good evening at home.
Just got done working out ;) time 2 get n tha shower ;)
Unfortunately, will be there, too. The others make up for him, though. I promise.
In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day's work. It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years. ~ Jacques Barzun
>called by time warner asking if I wanted to upgrade to a phone-cable-internet-combo plan >NOPE
Jesus, where the hell is Marv right now?
Part of me says I can't keep drinking like this. The other part of me says, "Don't listen to that guy. He's drunk."
You are awesome! Thank you so much for the love. :)
Lawd, I have sinned..all in the name of frustration. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
good game though back and fourth
Woo! Home run!! Carlos le
Art Fact- Art has surpassed all others on the stock market over the last 20 years.
Who can catch the wet pussy
damn for real? Once bros always bros fool(: im always here for you:D
We are constantly invited to be who we are. -Henry David Thoreau
RT : just suggested the #Packers could be intrigued by Tebow and a potential landing spot for him
*texts charlie* RT : Phone gets no love
Love "Starship Troopers" too. Sucker for Verhoeven of any stripe.
Its Cnn RT : nah its on Logo RT : check lifetime RT : WHAT CHANNEL IS THE GAME ON HURRY!
what's ur email
Leonid Todorov, Russian Foreign Ministry assigned Net issues to Dept. for New Threats and Challenges. VERY telling!
Thanks! We have so many options now :) Yum!
So happy!!
... Good luck tonight be safe don't Drink and Drive!
Fill in the blank: The Blast is my favorite MISL team because ______________.
Friday Humor: "Reality is the leading cause of stress for those in touch with it." -Jane Wagner
I like to listen to NWA occasionally
I'm cold and wet, and a guy just nailed me in the head with his colossal umbrella. Not a good way to start the commute home.
Back in ILM for thesis defense! The 7 hour drive seemed to go pretty fast...
Happy Earth Day!! Plant a tree, recycle and compost. Just do something for Mother Earth.
ok I see.
r u online
< -----follow the best host in town
lmao who yo team? I hope it's the Thunder
You would be on the one about titled "I'm addicted to hair products"
Congratulations for fighting drunk driving and underage drinking for 20 years! We salute your efforts!
can't handle
Stfu I don't wanna hear that
#SXSW highlight: Bumping into Win Butler of & talking about & #Haiti "we're gonna keep doing it for 40 years"
Stop, just end the drama. I just want this all done with. I love both of you, you're both my bestfriends.
- Want to Market to Kids Via Social Networks? Good Luck With That ... how about parents with kids? ;0)
Roy Hodgson is the Engelbert Humperdinck of English football.
I wonder what exactly means... Interesting photo today... RT : I was warned, didn't listen to the advice from lil bro...
everything going good...what about u?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 58
lets see how today goes.
Thanks #smbmad sponsors:
great can't wait to see you both
I hate Josh Peters!!!
You can contact any of our locations or, if it's easier, call me @ corp at 845-3095 x 210 & I can get you with the right person.
Awkwardness reduction plan failed. Ah panic, panic!
I'm playing black ops
Oh, I love scary tv. Can't wait for The River.
I believe the institution of marriage should be between two consenting adults who are tired of having sex.
Eeps! Sorry Bianca. Thank *you* for the S/O too! :)
It's a life changing day, when you've said enough is enough. ~Jim Rohn
got the same feeling <3
We fucked up my dads boot book!
Which of Foley's Faces Would Rumble?
She looks great for her age and she shared so much wisdom with me......hang around an elderly for your great experience
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 44
Wow. Instant coffee is *awful*.
Love going on the roof to put up christmas lights «3
So blessed to be in a band, where we never fight, argue or have horrible drama.
yeah I never got insurance on that shit..lol
lol! Not so sure it really ever works though!!!
anyone get the #droid yet? I need to get rid of my blackberry storm as soon as possible, its been a horrible experience
Heading to Muskogee for the Bare Bones International Film Festival
true!! Always the voice of rationality, I think I may have my priorities mixed up! I hope you drank one for me!
Life is about creating yourself.
I feel like that guy in
that is amazing. Whoever made that is very talented.
Have a safe, happy Labor Day weekend.
I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. But when I say I love you, I mean it 100%.
#DailyQuote: "If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are well off." - James Herriot
also dear Spotify, please stop suggesting that I mail Outkast tracks to my sister
Wouldn't you like to know...
“: is ESPN blacked out?”. A Cards fan rescues a Cubs fan! Thanks Boge. Owe you one
haha! True again. It's ridiculous
Today marks the 100th anniversary of the Titanic sailing off to sea
I got it
"if you're diamond you're the worst i've ever seen." jk :)
And so, by your "reasoning" (if that's what you call that), anything less than SB by Peyton in 2012 = FAILURE?!
My family is on my way yo my house for my moms party boy this gonna be interesting O.o
Out of the 160+ poker players on my twitter feed, not a single one has tweeted a big score today, or congratulated someone else for one.
Obama.will not win
love the goat!
we-luh-u
please follow mee?
" We have a jobs deficit and a budget deficit. How do we square that?" - asks Rep. Rosa DeLauro. Pressure to invest well never greater!
RT : In my school, theyre pretty valuable but they should cost less.#libchat Darn hashtags.
I know Tim Tebow believes that prayer and faith will get The Broncos a win. But in my head, I always pictured God as a Bears fan.
If your ideology has all the answers...at least make sure ain't nobody limiting your questions!
Another UPS shipment.. The colors are to die for! BAM! 20% off all new tops and 25% off all dresses! XOXO
tomorrow n u? :)
We can't wait to see our #NMDD participants' reactions when they get their hands on the brand new #CTX3030 for the 1st time!
Thanks for the follow lady, You know I'm following you back,
deserves a round of laughs and applause. Always has something positive to say
#CowboysThursday is growing by the hundreds each week. Help us host the largest CollegeNight in TX by telling a friend to tell a friend.
aye!!! i knew that just wanted to see what you were gonna say hoe!
worth every penny!
am i the ONLY one that thinks emo 1D are EXTREMELY attractive?
lol u feel me on that ey? i mean, i got more gutter and euro pop than ever!
come play halo :)
lol. You'll get over it.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Gud Morning ..... Tryna have a blessed day nd don't let nobody f*ck it !!!
and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:
Perfect weather for a bike ride. After breakfast, the ride home felt so good I just kept riding. 2.5 hours later I made it home, again.
awesome, I'm going to try and go this year.
Sure wish you could blow three loads in ME! You have SUCH a hot body!
o I made it ima give u the iou nfo
Hope all is well with you, too! xo
Here's a new one to me: 18-month-old child with a toy car stuck in its head. Ambulance en route.
mee too. i have no energy to get out of bedd.
Thank you and my favorite, for a great season! Is it October yet?
tweeps, I think
"We have 3 presentations posted from #wma2011, and they have received over 1,000 views! " is a great tool 4 museums
Dam, Peggy got the Ol' reach around trick. Wow!
#1DOhio cuz Ohio girls get it done!!!
aw shucks, thanks:) It's just a great script!
I think it will turn you into a cat. That's what happened on spongebob and that's where I get all my science info.
Not taking your eyes off your computer with your volume all the way up because you're waiting for Say Somethin to play again.
lmfao thank you I forget who made it?(;
and I'm Jill's lucky 20th ;-)
Playoffs ? Who said anything about playoffs !? :P
im all late but thanks u 2
Omg I just had the most fucked up dream ever <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5>
We love you Scooter
Per twitterverse, no Kalif tomorrow night vs SKC for injury. Nature of it is under review (knee, groin, hamstring) depending on who you read
Great play Price!!! GO RAYZ!!!!
can we start every sentence on twitter with "suhhyeah"? well we just did so there
To breed an animal with the right to make promises - the paradoxical task that nature has set itself in the case of man. Nietzsche
Stop throwing sticks at them & they won't be so bloody. RT If you throw a stick in Ireland you hit a bloody poet. -K Barry
does the bernie dance
Duke ranked too high this year. BUT Austin Rivers is best point guard in country!
The baby's here?! Dude. Congratulations man! Only the real rock-stars can support two early stage-startups.
Some mornings its just REALLY hard to get going.. This is one of those mornings. :(
I'm a nerd too! Just not a doucher nerd like this guy.
What a complicated nightmare! Most people would never have found the problem!
RT “: Ran the Boston marathon, kept thinking about and the gmen for motivation”so u beat Boston too
we're so close to uploading LOVELY DAY official music video. Probably tonight! It's looking really cool!
RT : Say what you want and dont look back
The day is starting off wrong hope it gets better
How F*%*#&G SAD is it when real credit bureaus list fake debts frm fake collection agencies phishing outdated databases from real creditors?
We wish you a Happy New Year and many blessings, new beginnings and success in the new year!!!
hey Austin isn't following you x
just recoverin from cinco de mayo weekend whass up wit u
6am and still wide awake blasting , , songs my 3 favorite men with talent :)
Jon Hamm should star as Reggie Dunlop if Slap Shot were to be remade. Blammo.
How's your toe, buddy?
oh ok I see
#BaltimoreDGS unveils large1mw #solar install at #DPW Back River Wastewater Treatment Plant tomorrow 4/21. Check your local news for details
Coming 2 #Seattle #WA this FRIDAY: LIVE at 1030PM! w/ &
((sigh)) here's to hoping this day gets better... Not off to a great start. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Awesome! and what a hard choice! But I would love the donation to go to ! Thanks for giving back, Amy!
haha no!! dude where have you been?
Wish I'd known about ReCollections sooner! Such an easy way to get students visualizing data.
Now that Christmas is over, it is time to make some new resolutions. My favorite time of year!
In the Twin Cities. At least this gray has a snowy heart.
Anyone have any good names for a cheesy rock and roll band that wantsta be like status quo (70s) suzi quaatro and flamin' groovies?
Celtics advance! Heading to round 2 of the NBA Playoffs!
one of the weirdest series. No idea how to feel, live.
I will work on reading it this weekend!
hey Ben, you know I wrote that forever ago and havent familiarized myself much with the newest version of FontExplorerX
I've learned that there is a direct inverse correlation between the number of ads I'm exposed to in a day and my overall level of happiness.
That awkward moment when your sister won't shut the hell up about your boyfriends brother....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
RT : : NOW I see the value of #missions - Following the lead of and
“Now, not quite 30 years old, legendary leader of the Bedouin revolt against the turks, he had become Lawrence of Arabia”
Prom with my girlfriend <U+2764><U+2764>
#YouWereCuteUntil your true personality showed up.
i need new music
Put first things first
What?!? I swear I didn't do it! I didn't do anything!
Kelly O'Keefe today on creativity "do a few great things, not a lot of good things."
THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008F>
lol you never asked
Glad #RonnieHillman got picked up, but not by division rivals!
": of course you did."< lol!! Thanks Kelly!
Have you guys priced this stuff? Expensive for ground-up roots! RT : It comes in a can.
Hello! Hope u have a chance to check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
If my life story is ever made into a documentary, I'd like for the second act to be titled "sherbert pervert."
RESPECT!! I feel U son!! How'd varsity do today?
WordPress is playing with my heart!
saying men & women get married is different from saying others should not. Sorry
You seem A LOT like my next boyfriend(;
PLEASE FOLLOW ME<333333333333
16 Days Until Summer 2012... I can't wait any longer...!
FOLLOW ME
thats my new motto!
Happy Mothers Day
Do you have any beauty tips you can share with us? Like how you keep your lipstick fresh or static solutions in dry weather.
The Emerald Atlas by John Stephens. I haven't had this much fun reading a book since Mockingjay!
Had a great time with the IT Hockey team serving dinner at the Ronald McDonald House!
Orchestrator Mary-Mitchell Campbell starts a job by asking, "Am I working with John Doyle or am I doing a normal orchestration?"
Well this is officially the earliest I've started drinking for a cats game. Almost in #NOLA can't arrive sober.
Im shining like fireworks over your sad empty town
rock that dolphin, girlfriend. Lisa Frank sorority for life.
I've said this before.... but it makes more sense now that the #HungerGames are out. I have a girl crush on Jennifer Lawrence.
I'm getting a little antsy about not being able to ride into work because of this cold, frozen ground.
There's no coffee in this meeting.
I mean back to conception
WOW anyone see that dunk? #kobewho?
average age of dentonites has dropped 6 years in the 2.5 years i've been gone. i am not being an old codger, this is just objectively true.
“: I buy a bag of goldfish expecting it to last the week. It's a miracle if it lasts through Monday night TV.
In advasery :) bored
Live the triangle that your pit and pube hair makes.
I have Nate Spears's attograph on my glove..... :D
I do love Monday's! Opportunity starts on Monday. Embrace the week ya'll!
fine you could just say you don't want me to held ;3
What readings would people use for a course with the theme, "What's the Point of College?"
i wont answer that. LMAO!
POLITICS TUESDAY: Obama and same-sex marriage w/ Kevin Naff & Kimberly Moffitt "The Obama Effect" noon
Thanks for the great opportunity to speak! Great event! Thanks for the delish breakfast!
no monica.....i think we should scan ur school pic on the office bulletin brd....very pretty pic
PC tryn flame this lil short dude he said bet cha belt taller den u.... It damn near is
what's shocking you?
I LOVE YOU!! You don't deserve any of these dumb ignorant people yelling at you! They are all dumb and can go die! I love you!
New legislation: No lobbyists to buy a democracy......
RT : Uh oh...Jet's J is wet right off the bat.
Oh and Andrew Luck is such a goober. Even more than Manning, if that's possible.
NYC bound!!! party time
Well Corey Crawford shouldnt feel bad it happens to the best. Ugh Yotes
Yes the irony of FB is that it's so much easier to track people down for the reunion, but no one cares about going.
Want Me to go drop by and say hi...I have section 40
Do I really wanna hurt me? Do I really wanna eat apple pie? No, I wanna live to 103. I don't wanna die. Start stretching those thighs.
So... who's training for what?
Let it be known: I'm cheering Detroit ANYTHING! Tigers, Lions and freakin Chipmunks if it comes to that! I love that City and it deserves
Gosh I can't wait to get off work today. Things weren't even that bad, i'm just ready to go and do nothing...
#CharlesPayne cited work with Promise Neighborhood as among most rewarding of career. And he's done A LOT.
Is it draft day yet?
tryna keep it real in a world dats so fake
Very funny!!
RT : "Stan, poke your Grandma!" LOL!
one of these days...they are gonna Find Bigfoot, on Finding Bigfoot...you'll see
Awww. Thanks, Molly.
"Me and the truth against myself" - Basim Elkarra, CAIR
totally - on both counts! Big hugs!
Breakout group has ended. Soon we'll reconvene to hear the results of group discussion.
October special! $40 for 40 minutes of personal training. Multiple locations around Chicago!
finished breakfast, now off to start the day
I'm having trouble opening the doc, sorry!
crises in the reflection lounge
This tweet made me happy, and I think I might know who it's about haha
She said Roast you... Ur more Clown then Bozo! Bitch please, whos posts Hoe-ish thoughts but hoes? Ur prob is u need sum dick!
If a man has a penis, a vagina and a butt, and he puts his penis in his butt, does that make him straight or gay? Or both?
Good Morning!!! :)
Best fucking actor in a long time
Or maybe I'm just a pompous self absorbed bitch who thinks she has a sixth sense xD
HA HA! I KNEW you were going to say something about being old. You are NOT! Be honored!! :-) Thanks Rick!!!
Question: Who inspires you?
Woops! Now I probably seem like a crazy stalker lady... Stupid touch screen and STUPID like button on facebook!! D:<
listening to this now...it is pretty interesting!
Time for #TopChef! Although this season is very disappointing so far...
Hope you enjoy them. Thanks for curating awesome #AdobeCaptivate Content. All Cp tweeps should follow you!!!
just practically retweeted myself. You must not be able to read.
Thx - I belong to for loans/their cash back checking acct. but it's clear I need one in downtown Portland too
RT : Subliminal advertising is a GRAY area, JUST as ICE is both solid & liquid. Oh, and I found a great book...
Love waking up with a cold <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Bizarre phrase of the day: "by unprecedented peculiar means and methods of our own style."
It's crazy how just when you think you finally can relax you all of sudden have so much to do for school -__-
Q7 Sometimes I cry because these books are full of people I'll never meet.
RT : RT : Twitter niggas the only people on earth who'll say 50k is struggle.
people arguing about having the government pay for healthcare
thanks Mel. :)
just get a stopset in there between the spins. :)
You should try hating LeBron, too. It's fun, and almost always pays off around early June.
Couldn't have even been Colston for the fantasy bump. Real kick in the nuts right there.
congrats to ! We think she is the best person for the job and we finally broke our yard sign losing streak!
Live, Learn & Love what you do.
Sup guys in case ya didn't know camp rock 2 is in Disneychannel on demand
Wtaf is that?
If you really missed me, you'd be putting in the effort to see me.
So many strange dreams. I don't feel like I slept at all.
because then what is the motivation to not just take out insane amounts? Someone going to Marquette could pay less than UW. Silly.
No one wants to be "that kid" Don't wait until the last second,Schedule back to school eye exams now.Send your kids back with cool glasses!
See some of the Art of Bleeding staff at the Dragonfly tonight, supporting the great new club KGB!
RT : Retweet this if has taught you something and/or made a difference in your or outside-of-NFTY career.
I agree. More interaction with sports and tv shows too
I'm pretty sure I was behind the best cab for really drunk people or frat guys. The phone # was 333-3333.
Pretty sure the real housewives of Atlanta are all men
Good news about the snow--it's too damn early anyway. My peeps on the coast got hammered, though--probably no power either …
"Money is nothing more than a tool. It can be a Force for Good, a force for evil, or Simply be idle" --'The Ultimate Gift', Book-Jim Stovall
In the car, waiting for boy to finish Scouts, listening to Sendak interview on NPR. So beautiful & sad...trying not to cry & embarrass self.
I frikin hate commercials
What video
If BC is used by women and they then are sluts, what about guys using Viagra when the point of their sex is non=reproductional in nature.
been all over town like you :) !*)
Come by the Chelsea Hotel tonight from 7-11, free event, I'll be dancing! Check out artwork by E! Cash bar!
I'll have to bypass the usual Tall, and opt for the Venti this morning.
I can't stand feeling rushed, I like taking my time. And I like warm weather.
Busy Weekend Ahead :) Memorial Day is always one of my favorite weekends! Heading to the movies, then to tonight!
Double bike rides today. Now dopple bock.
I can't wear anything short sleeve because of my farmers tan.
its been so long since we last talked
The dukes of hazard always makes me smile, even when the dog injures me
If you don't step forward, you'll always be in the same place.
twitter viruses bringing people together
true, true I got it
Chicken and Rice for dinner :)
I can't marry a black women who where weave looking at the top of your head seeing the tracks and glue YUCK
Phone gone went bye bye.
#directmarketing #directmail is not dead, revamped yes, but not dead at all!
how is ya lol!?
RT : I am sorry for any problems you may be experiencing, we have networking connection issues, we will update as soon as...
A tip for maximizing your relaxation: Be on time or even early to your appt. If you arrive in a frenzy or rush, it takes longer to relax.
The market is open - Jonathan Burks performance is canceled - come out and support the farmers!
getting bald it's so sad but ironically my mind is getting brighter and sharper .. i
Amazing! Congrats!
Pleased that The Mondo - 39 inch sisal cat scratch post has arrived today. 4 am is too early to wake up and play with Dude.
I definitely just visualized a penis while trying to show about how long 6 inches is with my hands. Whatever works, right?
You're right, The Mummy Returns is :)
I retire from school.
THANKS FOR THE HOSPITALITY LAST NIGHT AT WIZ KHALIFAH LISTENING PARTY!!!s/o to James Spano!! JDH....
This sounds likes you're discussing sports, but I'm pretty sure you aren't.
I refuse to attend Coachella 2013 unless they equally rep East Coast Rap. Hologram Biggie or bust!
Be grounded at sneaking onto the computer just to tweet
Headed to the doctors for my allergies.
thanks for following!
lol okay Ed
Pretty excited to head back home to Chicago (only for work, oh well...) tomorrow... and an IKEA trip obviously.
Praise be to God & Father of our Lord Jesus Christ the Father of compassion & the God of all comfort. 2 cor 1:3
is running his Birel Kart this weekend in the Florida Winter Tour w/ the SRA Int'l team. More info at ForidaWinterTour.com
Well I need a drink. I'm off to Westport for a short bit then it may be an early night. I have a super long day tomorrow!!!
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist touch it
If "Pro" is the opposice of "Con" then Congress is the opposite of....? There was no smiley for my real mood..."easily amused."
I hear that Will Smith...How you been?! RT : You wont outwork me.
changed my mind urban hiking instead
After this semester of school I'm deff moving back to the city
Okay fucks, I'm live with my brother and Mike and it's time to spill the beans - Live tweeting for an hour - beware - ZenLive.tv
At Cumberland Falls State Park checking out the Internet situation. It works, but it's not exactly high speed. More like medium speed.
Ordering Online Light Oak Lighted Buffet And | Cheap Oak China ...
How many times can I check my email?
Im a vegetarian in a resturant that specializes in ribs. Awesome sauce.
only if we brining it back summer 08 !!
RMFT!! ": Sick of crying, tired of trying. I may be smiling, but inside I'm dying.."
I'll fight you
I see dumb people..
RT : Excited for carowinds with my choir family!!<3 - ME TOO!!!! IM SO EXCITED I MAY DIE!!!!
cool so we have awesome visual and awesome flavor as well. Cool!!
As long as the Yankees win is what truly matters
We have a larger care package coming your way
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." --Thomas A. Edison
so funny
#ThingsIDidOverTheSummer Went to Florida to go sky diving
RPOF talking out of both sides of their mouth with latest tweet! Cut current university spending, build new ones!
Havent tweeted in a hwile. Yes that's with large emphasis on the H.
Channing Tatum just got into a wreck on this movie The Vow. He clearly didn't take the same TWC defensive driving course this evening as me.
Wow just got her shit rocked by that's nuts everyone beat that a$$ on the show...not good girlie
sleep is one of the most crucial things in life at our age. Cut someones sleep short and your life might get cut too
what song is that from ??
Business casual in the office doesn't mean wear a skin tight tee shirt that says "HARDwear" and has a picture of a large bolt on the back
Well...nawww.....wait......nawwww RT : U guys have both met me, do i seem like a Bieber fan?!?
Should I go to school tomorrow? Sick as idk what.. Hm /:
lol! We don't do hooch over here. Effortless chic<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> and age appropriate!
easy choice, HBBQCSS. Always.
Props to the seat fillers! I've done it 2x at the Emmys and trust me, you are treated like a piece of dog poop on the bottom of Hanks' shoe.
Thanks for the follow Ashley :-) Go I.U.!!!
stop wishing...start doing
Does anybody wanna move down to florida in a couple months. I would seriously like to get every single one of my friends to move here w me..
this would explain why EVERY single person I know in IN had to pay state taxes this year
I know wants to work with you. :)
stay safe gas in northern In just hit $3.99
You better believe it! I'll be down there around 4:40ish Let the weekend workout begin!
Your house?
#NF my girl
the Sebring handles like a dream RT Carpooling to work with Please call me Mr. Ohio, moving forward
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to seeing your tweets!
It really does! And I hate dresses this year. I swear I look yucky in everything!
Poison and the Crue killed it
lol what's wrong with your car?
I deleted iTunes yesterday - found it *moves* your music files to its library if you tell it not to copy them. BAD APPLE
wishes would follow me...a girl can dream can't she? :/
You were a big Whitney Houston fan, right?
I can't sleep. RT : BREAKING: Chip Kelly changes his mind, tells a highly placed UO source: "I'm staying."
Just to visit you and I'll wear a blessthefall shirt ;)
Data Image Hires Kelly Jackson
I really just don't care what I look like at school.
I would love to see, but then I could never use facebook again.
HPV has potentially serious consequences so not trying to minimize but one doesn't get it from "bad" behavior
Wait wait wait. Blackface is okay again?!
He called me his baby for the first time last night. <3 I know damn well, that I fell asleep with a smile on my face. :-)
Totally agree. Others were flashy but looked a bit like luck. Crouch's was all skill. IMHO.
What is the USED's stance on the Student Success Task Force in California? Is the state qualified to define community success?
oops you're right. nice catch
how you doin
"Is NY becoming a real other platform?" "It's an industry.... #ecosystem with some of the best talent"
congrats on the toon victory today
I'm doing well stranger! How about you?
#Fact #RedCupNation was founded & started in Boston in 2009 by come out to our 1st concert tonight @ Ultra Nightclub Prov, RI
We're currently hammering out all of the details about our Classic Movie Series and we'll be announcing it soon.
This May edition of is one of the best overall with tips and tricks to make it happen for summer! Thanks self!
the paper kites, of monsters & men, John legend
he's been mine ;) <3
I still look up every time I hear the PC gmail alert sound... I haven't had a PC for a year
I'm sittin here trying to send this text and it's not working!
Thanks for the follow - any recruitment insight for today?
Charles & Baltimore 11-2 today and Friday.. Closed Thursday
Your only as strong as your weakest attribute.
Always waiting for 5:00... looking forward to a time when my work day is NOT spent sitting as a desk!
RT : The #indycar - Dreamworks project's name is a lot more catchy ("Turbo") than if it had to be "Normally Aspirated."
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas. Stop by for lunch....we are open today and tomorrow.
l don't understand how minority groups can ask for equality and stress diversity and not include those minorities who are disabled.
trying to shine a little light on my misery!!
thanks! I'm digging it
Thanks for sharing.
This has been the most homo erotic night of my life...
thanks to all of you who have been following my tweets and facebook notes. take care.
Across the street from Tartine? I mean, it doesn't get any better than that.
that may be true, bu the dodge barrage still goes on. That seems indicative of something positive about his time w the
« Fitna go make some crablegs and twitpic em to show how rich i am ...»
Help me out people what are some summer community events coming up i can set up booths at???
We think you are of the most exciting musicians!!
It makes him the knickerbomber.
My sister starting laughing for no reason!!
more like over yourself aha
In New Haven, the old Puritan city of nine squares, waiting to hear #Pilgrim #metalblade #whatagirlwilldofor:
I do want to fix us. but SHE RUINED IT
for real the fish likes KT better!
Bob Dylan's singing sounds like me insisting I'm okay to drive.
oh my bad! I thought you did!
Watching the #Cubs and miss Vince Lloyd and Lou Boudreau.
Combine time coming soon! Watching Peru U20s on video...ahh, the life of a scout!
plz follow Tara10735275 she is new to twitter and don't have allot of followers
Ok. The tired is taking over. Bedtime.
follow me! I am following you and blessed by your tweets. God Bless! :)
HOW YA LIKE ME NOW?! :D
Too All You Guys Who Call G A Y Then You Have Obviously Watch Him 24/7 Too See Him Be G A Y. Which Make You Gay Too.
I am developing a taxonomy...things become unwords oh so easily.
mess with me yu gone get lo$t with the Ken
DID YOU VOTE???? IF HAVEN'T PLEASE DO. IT'S A CHANCE TO GET YOUR VOICE HEARD!!!!
Eureka is so good, and tonight's episode was fantastic. Oh
Ludacris- music video; get back - is the WORST video I have EVER seen. Really??? Wow that wads bad!
i love you (:
it's true u get those annoying ppl that have nothin betta to do than be all up in ur corn hole
Simms and then Dorf are the undisputed ass clowns of announcing
Not at all. #Proactive RT Too soon for Acta to react with lineup changes and roster moves while in first place?
Okay so umm yeahh I need some FOLLOWERS.....#HELP Plss!!!
Have to agree opinions are your own. No sane person could agree with any of them! Put you and Laxdal in a rubber room
After working 12 hour days for the past 5 weeks I finally only have to work 8 hours today!!!
you are welcome! Thanks for understanding AND fan-ing!
AH /Gus
Hey, I love you..bye. <21
Thank you for listing us! We appreciate it! :)
I'm high!!!! Ass fuck right now
Tongue Twister: The locusts in the Vegas ficus are singing sweetly, Esmeralda.
Tell me something I didn't already know.
that woman as a gnarly beast. If she put her chest anywhere near my face, I'd sue her too
Done with all this bullshit.
Thanks Alessandro! It was great to work on the Book #3 (& #3 1/3) :D So glad it's out-can't wait to get my copy!
My thoughts keep me up at night, so caffein keeps me up during the day
Thanks for the RT! Should be a great night with the weather and Buckinghams patio being open.
OMG yes VERY well deserved and earned! ;)
Damn where was my invite??
Bryce Harper is a punk, he deserved to get bean balled!
Lunch at alem ethiopian village!!
Do what makes you happy <3 nevergivein. Dont take shit from any1. It's your life! Dont let any1 get in the way of u doing wat makes u happy.
Sigh table is breaking... Leaving tbl with 80k. Blinds will be 250/500 in 15 minutes.
You're welcome! We had a great time!
Question: Do even hot, savvy female adult industry entrepreneurs experience dating woes once in a while? Ever? Ever-ever?
awesome! DR never fails you know that & I'm good, moving to a new apartment soon :)
NT students tlking about collaboration in grps, lrned we need to talk to one another to succeed. student led civic dscourse!!
Saw neighborhood Segway scooter guy rolling lonely down deserted street Christmas eve
What a good night....banana shake from Culver and listening to the game!!
That's just great. I wanted nonegg eggs! #sarcasm RT : A warning label on eggs: caution, this product may contain eggs
lol even that is fake though
Anyone in Albuquerque have a mortgage broker they really like? Looking to refinance...
they said earlier that they were waiting for a fax from maintenance and the captain. A fax come on Silicon Valley 2012
Sold out in Wexford tonight!!! First show...we are off to a GREAT start here in Ireland!
of course.
great letter to the editor today. Thank you!!!!
Studying one last time for Sunday- A sermon burning on my heart! Can't wait to preach it!
I know, I've been caught by that a few times. I totally agree that it's terrible, but it isn't going away anytime soon
Sen Mike Johnston finally finishes explanation of literacy bill amdmts.
"...yet/ these are not drafts/ toward a future form, but/ furious versions/ of the here and now..." ~ Li-Young Lee
Mumbai..I'm looking for a photographer. Anyone out that way?
Is there something wrong with me when lesbians tell me I would make a good lesbian. Asian Androgyny FTW!
I wanna wish my 1st born a happy bday...
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
You must watch one of the quirkiest, most intelligent, freshest new show on TV, "Girls." Lena Dunham is genius!
Awesome, I told you, one sale and the domain is paid for :-)
I'm blessed to have a guy that opens the car door for me&admits his failures; but more important,a man that loves Jesus&encourages me daily.
Hello Sir
Tyler Hass walk-off single gives Flour Bluff 3-2 victory over Port Lavaca Calhoun in 8 innings
You should tell HER that. Making throwing up noises is surely high school level.
you never know how much someone means to you until their gone...
BRAINSTORM BACK IN THE "A" REAL SOON!!! THE TAKEOVER!!! COMING BACK WITH A VENGEANCE!!!
Movie Was Awsome:-)
cast outing to the aviary!
I'm jealous
Updated Sunday ratings: ABC and CBS lead...mixed results among the Big 4
Never leave a question unanswered. You'd be surprised how close you may get to the right answer just from trying.
wrecked it Homie
“: Since the car accident last year nothing has been the same”
Call me about our directors co-op "Travel Sports". No sanction fees, Rankings and online rosters and team pages. 817-344-9812
Duly noted! Will do, hasta laters.
hey sweetie, how have you been?
hey wayne, hook a fellow packer fan up w/tix to the show in Tampa!
Better bring two bottles. You know how quickly the first one will be gone:)
Yeah buddy ": did u guys win"
some lame girl we know. Haha
When you drive by a McDonalds in your awful music video
So, this exists:
#SecClinton engaging #CivilSociety at a town hall. As a global leader, she understands the power of
Actually now that I think of it, I can think of several accounts where we have met.
just ordered my custom illustration from ! cannot wait!
Listen to Frightened Rabbit They are pretty awesome.
hah, well she's a close friend of ours, kinda like family, do there's no reason to freak out :)
Awww. Thanks guys!
we need to go to a a book signing
congrats on the run.. nice to see the rungood go to the good guys :)
Doing a trad jazz session for Aussie TV w/some heavies. Leroy Jones, Don Vappie, Tom Fischer, et al. These cats sound great.
Blackberry is second best to Iphone
I wanna show him that this is real
Happy Small Business Saturday! Make sure to patronize your favorite local shops today.
The sexy boy we all know is growing up it seems like it was just yesterday one time came out now look its next 2 you ily <3
the ultimate hiding place for the bunnies: your stomach
that is an amazing piece.
when will it show in Cincinnati, OH?
so sexual doesn't count? “: nah, I don't feel better at the expense of other people.”
Thanks - time to get the thermometer checked!
Fuck this life
Trying to take me 2 court 4 the same damn crime shit get dismissed every got damn time in my !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Is it me or does everyone around me know I'm reading 50 Shades of Grey???
why is my twitter timeline OVERRUN by retweets?
f u
We need to acquire New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
Penney: Paradox: Indians R all around us—names of automobiles, sports teams, military operations code names—yet invisible.
TO LATE NOW
i guess the crazy dude overheard our convo and laughed too.
It's working.
followback! Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!;P
why am I not at the stadium? fml.
Not "How could God allow this to happen?" but" How can I stay faithful inthe situation?" He redeems hardtimes; brings blessing from sorrow.
Oh... tonight is going to be one of those emotional nights where all the built up stuff comes back out. D:
What is the outlook4next year coach? Most message boards r countin yall out, which I think is foolish w/a Coach Hicks team
First dealer session at #agconnect is about Tier 4 emissions requirements.
" A leader is best when people barely know he exists, not so good when people obey and acclaim him, worse when they despise him. ...
yea but I can't text ppl and netflix at the same time if I do that :(
Damn spin classes, you always trying to kill me
Gavin Dunne = Christian Grey
just wanted to say... I MISS YOU!
AVAILABLE NOW on iTUNES!!! NEW Jump-Start FAME Theme Song & LeXXah Drew SINGLE "I CAN" SHOUT OUT 2 ALL Female Athletes!!!
Join us this week at the Anchorage Museum to converse on extinguishing Alaskan Native Languages.
2004. Pacers v pistons
You may also remember her as the prostitute to whom Matthew Broderick lost his virginity in Biloxi Blues
only thing ya all are shooting are those scrambled eggs, and packing.. well thats another story.
It's almost the end of January - who's still holding strong with their 2012 resolutions??
Business scholarship always makes me feel like workers are being dehumanized. Related: I may be a communist.
Grad Parties all day! What a great day for it! :)
good just listening to music before bed and tweeting lol
Don't want tomorrow to be here..
Like #gotowebinar for some events but with an audience mostly on mobile devices, it's not the tool for me.
Food to the hungry today & care packages to families in need.
Anthony Davis tucks his ears into his hat
Special General Assembly called for tomorrow Oct. 31st in Monroe Park at 3:00pm for regrouping. Spread the word!
I'm pretty sure I'm filling my ipod to it's full capacity right now... YIKES!!!!
When you come to #piano source we assure you to experience the “the red carpet” treatment.
cool see you then man.
I'd go with you!
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor..If u love me, I'll always be in ur heart..If u hate me, I'll always be in ur mind ~Shakespeare~"
Bucks are getting bitch slapped tonight
#HappyMother'sDay from Maguire's! We will see you at Brunch!
Not highlighting the districting part, referring to how the process was sculpted to Tom Potter's interests.
Im sleepy i have restless leg syndrome & now im leaving to a ghetty to watch the fight. Talk about being a trooper.
Awe Don't worry #someday he will follow you #NeverSayNever right?<3
I do not like -_-
I'm not gonna say Happy Cinco de Mayo until it's cinco o'clock!!
This 10-6am shift is guna be the death of me !
Me and mama neiman getting ready for the party
I'm rooting for mizzou because I hate ku and ku hates mizzou, so by default I love mizzou.
I didn't see the SNL bit but u shood watch 4the historical significance of the show I <U+2665>
if the world was perfect what would your job be?
Talk to you all night, die from lack of sleep next day..worth every minute.
In a strange way I miss that California fog and we miss you in Detroit!!
just finished reading Warren Buffett's biography- a mammoth book & an awesome & I truly mean awesome topic.
Going to Men's Warehouse for a blazer. Papa needs a new blazer.
Arab money I'm getting da Arab money
Thinking the Joe Vitt suspension of six games might be too light considering the latest report by
Slow Jam The News with Barack Obama: Late Night with Jimmy Fallon: via
I love me a good face mask!
back dimple piercings are the shit!
#ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day or looks like the child of Johnny Damon and Axl Rose
Familiar faces at the bwtech cyber innovation briefing. Today's keynote is #BmoreFail speaker !
Sounds like you have a great boss! Which restaurant did you go to on Friday?
you guys are a fucking joke. Nothing in my entire internet history has any negative comments towards Jews/Israel at all.
Thank you to for a great event!
It's a shame that someone will have to lose in this Kentucky and Indiana game! These two teams have the court smoking!
I hate racist people. There should be a holocaust for them
AMEN!!!! STOP AVOIDING ME AND CALL ME..HURT MY FEELINGS
My grandma needs to hurry up with this McDonald's.
good morning people
haha your freakin hilarious! I LOVE how random you are :)
Lets do it again. Free Delivery all this week! Call 419-475-9646
Class canceled today! Boo yeah!!!
Follow & great foundation he has!
That is one freaky pig!
finally at the Deauville <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
:') Madi told you didn't she?(: hahah IT DOES!!!
Hi there! You should include your name somewhere on here so we know what to call you! :) Are you enjoying PDX?
I guess I'm starting early on my Miami tan...I should of worn my bathing suit lol smh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>!!! I need a pool or beach...NOW!!!
I never got into snap backs
The bulls won ! No surprise though
#TextMsgsThatMakeYouMad hey what's up? Nmu. Same.
Is Nick Cannon still sick?
Thanks for the support! Helps inflate our bloated ego =)
Missouri State RB Chris Douglas Signs With Buffalo Bills - Missouri Sports Magazine
Goober is definitely a weird name.
“: I almost got into a car accident. #sudden”
#SystemOfADown on my
Motorcade arriving at hospital!!
A person however learned in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent, is devoid of that beauty which makes personality a fragrance.
Starting Today, Dnt Ask Y
Checking your profile and I see Librarian and Batman.
RT : Goodnight Rush. Goodnight sponsors jumping ship from Rush. Goodnight Santorum, goodnight Mitt's hair. Goodnight sluts...
I havent been to a wedding in soo long.
Please follow me !!
...and they're back!
ATTENTION: Life will be postponed indefinitely due to the Playoffs!!
Omg my twitter keeps unfollowing people!! Tweeples if my twitter unfollows you don't worry I will follow again as soon as possible!! Xoxo <3
Most caterpillars live from about two weeks to a month.
entertainer. An actor in a Victorian theater. Where everyone shows up to an outdoor theater at night dressed in feathers.
Ol' BOOF ass Jergens | ": My booty feel like cocoa butter"
: Is it true that Doctor Who is filming there today?? Spill!
There's a baby out here, now! Mazel tov! It's a simcha!
“: an indoor track? Is it open to the public?” free, public, indoor facility!
loving my research seminar : science & technology + mobility + visual culture --> a fortunate mix
it might be. Mine says you have 8
I love my mommy so much!! Happy Mothers Day to all the moms!!
That sad moment when I see bitches on twitter and wonder how they got so many followers acting the way they do.
are you at encore?!??
easy there scuba Steve.. Haha
Love don't cost a thing <U+2665>
I tried to buy a Black Eyed Peas CD at a second hand record store. I was so high I got black eyes snakes instead
Charlie Parker?
Thanks for using ShowClix :) Have a great time!
got 1 for u!
thought I was following you already hm
#CIO roles > RT : If your conference marketing tactics are stuck in the '90s, I'll suspect your technology is too.
Man of steel...MH on my chest and I mite literally put it there
Mark Milliron is taking the #VASHRM12 stage to share Then Learn and Earn Baker's Dozen. Much applause!
Im pretty dam good right now....just woke up. Starving now!
huh? What did he say?
did they raise your salary, too?
heck yes he did lol
Getting some breakfast and going snowboarding!
I mean, maybe there's a way to risk mitigation, secure data; you know what terrifies me about the
I'm so looking forward to my day off Saturday.
btw, just remembered, Martha is out of town for a couple of weeks. :-(
& give us a shout when you next come to #FortWayne. We'd love to meet you - You're #1 #FortWayne fans -
2 projects in one night, kill me now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
You will have to ask Jordan about that haha!
hang on to that thought! :)
Way to go! RT I've passed the 70-659, time to move onto next step for #60days2MCSE!
yeahh like no get out haha theyll like you the same amount if you like them or don't...
hope it went well! Let us know if we can help further!
haha I like to stay connected!
Joe is about to take the stage at B96 Summer Bash in Chicago!
Yes! Come out! Text me
Don't forget! We're screening 'Waiting for Superman' at the Dryden at 6pm tonight. $8/public, $6/YPs. See you there!
First name: Maverick (yeeehaw)
we write in with pretty similar humor, so don't know how to say, really like your blog! Just have to see whn u have time I guess
If anyone tells me how Oklahomans are naturally good after last nite, I'm going to throw a bear at them or a feral cat (metaphorically)
I love them!!!!
With a scratch and sniff index!
. on Mr. Rogers: "He was that nice. He was one of the most authentic human beings I've ever met"
The Committee on Human Services that I chair will meet today at 2:30 p.m. in room 123 at 1350 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW.
Today is a great day to have ADD. So many games, so many tweets, switching channels every 3 minutes... Welcome to my life..Every day people!
TX Ethics Filing HD-77 - Marisa Marquez raised 41% of her money from El Paso compared to 95% from El Paso for Aaron Barraza
Yes, I believe we do have a ToC, DM your email and we're happy to send more info!
Never be satisfied, strive for more!
Great day visiting lesser known #Welshcastles #WhiteCastle + #Skenfrith -they need better #marketing !
could you please link the story?
okay that's cool
So slow at work today that the phone ringing startled my boss and me.
These little girls don't phase me.
Ate at a parrila with real cloth napkins! :) You?
yes on the ML class
I know it seems that way but trust me the things contained in the bible are true. I've had a few personal experiences w/God
I Cant stop listening to justin Bieber's song for his mom Turn to you <3
jeydon is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ;) please<3
I feel you
Wiscy play action inside the 5 yard line just isn't fair....
Not if that QB is a hungry Peyton Manning.
Only 3% of Firefox and IE users agree to share details of browser crashes (to help troubleshoot bugs).
yeah it's kinda spooky haha. Happy Friday! Here's hoping for a smooth day at work
can u get Miniotics to give a shoutout to Alana?
Less than two months until THE DRAMA YEARS hits stores! So proud!
2005 trends for #SXSW were future of distributing DVDs, branding blogs, marketing on the web, and how to master flash via
FTW! Vengeance shall be mine, sayeth #JonJones!
Super excited for my first ride. Pumped I finally get to use this!
At least we're not allergic to #coktafifi .....I hope.
oh wow!! Ms Jamia...keep singing..you've got it forreal!!
thank you so much my love!!! I love you my dear :D
no:[ I'm waiting for Vickie to get home cause I'm getting all my clothes, ha cause she has slot of my summer clothes/:)
Sensation? Don't they have stock custom ROMs for it yet?
Music: ON. World: OFF.
The only good thing about hitting rock bottom is that you know something wonderful is bound to happen soon.
Always working hard! Every morning, each day, every hour, minute by minute :) seriously, I'm a hard worker!
Lots of the same ppl who say YES to #guns say no to #gays? So, humans have more of a right to kill than to love?
*how'd
I don't use G+ too much am still learning, but do like Twitter - it is like a constant newsfeed.
I'm just glad I'm not the only victim of WingDings, I thought it was just me!
. Thanks, Ryan! That means a lot!
Patience, take each day in stride.. good things will come. Give all worries to the Lord, he will see you threw.
what Wayne doin..sleep??
If I applied the same skills there as I did here, I would be someone's BOSS
YAY! RT : Congrats to Kim, whose "All I Can Handle: I'm No Mother Teresa" is just out in paperback
let me know for the next time when you'll be on stage.
haha. Nice man! Glad to hear!
RT Tannehill? For your second round. No thanks. >>> Agree. Not big on him. QBs need to be groomed nowadays beginning in teens.
yea look up Fresh-Bonus and SmokenListen...I just recently changed my name to RicoLove
HOLYGOODNESS . follow me.
'Cause I hate who I am today.
#Mettaing I think you should definitely coin that Natalie.
Droid still recharging. So am I.
congrats on your beautiful baby!
#Rachel Crow has my vote already...don't even want to hear the others...so I'm watching CNN and live coverage of the Troy Davis and the cops
ah so bad......u cant experiment with black
do. not. wear. that goddamn. bowling shirt. or I will kill you. slowly.
thanks girl
Sleep is important for a healthy lifestyle. Make sure you're getting your z's!
Boycott Whole Foods for CEO's opposition to health care reform. His solution? Spend whole paycheck at Whole Paycheck. PLS RT!
When I text you and you don't respond <<<
Been on it before so what else is new?!! lol
k l will
When everything seems like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top.
U.S. AG Eric Holder is in Seattle, looking for new info into murder of fed prosecutor Thomas Wales 10 years ago. Live report on Q13FOX at 5
i just want to meet a whole new group of people
True. OR we would get the really adventurous customers!
Re: sorry Miss Angela... #ApologyForRetweetingALie I still love you!!!
My pleasure! I'm working on it! Reality tv will never be the same!
I have a theory that no one has ever consumed Mountain Dew more than once
If she's jealous, she cares.
So the Italian Captain fell into a life boat, rode it to shore, then fell into a cab, AND accidentally went home? Really? REALLY??
Not necessarily, right? If we finish ahead of Giants and the Braves, and the Phillies lose round 1, were home aren't we?
Yes, I actually do work here
Williams finally got involved. Gotta keep it going GB nxt wk
tired of this !
of course we can do Sunday!
Every time I look at my Android home screen and see the Flashlight app, I get Parliament stuck in my head all over again.
Love her like she's leaving, and i guarantee she wont.
because u r loved and u help so my people! GOD bless
So you've converted to being a Steelers fan? You seem to live at Bub's.
How ridiculously misinformed and ignorant are you? Seriously,you're a woman and you think Rush's comments have merit? Idiot
It took me way too long to realize that I was trying to turn on the TV with my phone.
there goes the neighborhood
truth is we're never going to play another show! haha
We rely mostly on quantcast data to see what traffic a website receives. More traffic implies ability to handle a faster crawl.
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's LUNAR ASSAULT and it's not funny.
You flopping, pussy piece of shit. I hate you
July was full of firsts. First parking ticket. First time bumping into a car. First time living in Hollywood. First time at a screening. :o)
Need a Process Server to handle your Bank Levy, Small Claims, or Subpoena? Call 916-509-0677
Sadly it's not. See the fakepr/realpr links.
Know of any research examining the relationship between social presence and academic integrity in online higher ed? Looking, but not finding
uh oh >.< RT : I bet you are I got both of y'all
Michele Bachman, great answer on submissiveness, big applause www.bruzzesiforpres.com
it was such a wild week for us! We stayed at the Renaissance downtown. I would not have been a good frontier woman ;)
RT : Q2: Help everyone understand what a sober coach is and does.
Can't wait to see tonight
haha I know, but Taylor and Hayden were awesome!
XD Oh! THOSE kind of tassels! Those are not kinky, and they are acceptable. *Nods* I approve. You should make me a scarf.
Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
Happy Easter everyone.
(DigitalComic_es) is now following me on the Twitters! HI there, Digital Comic!
was the basketball star there? ha
then don't say "watch out"
why go through life unnoticed?
+1 RT : Your personal ambitions may land you in infamy as a pitiable impotent propagandist.
Happy Friday, everyone! Do you plan to do some grilling this weekend?
you should do one in Ohio !
oh sweet! thanks, grazie :)
Pinterest and other designer apps that inspire - Chicago Tribune
I'm impressed it only took you 4 hours - it's quite a list! Let me know what you think of our session.
FIR on wapred? my life= complete<3 -alexis
My surprise has me on a high :)
pre-turkey, delicious feast and fun Grateful for your friendship and a night out to celebrate together!
One thing we don't talk about enough is PIE. After bacon, it's the main reason for living. We've got both available right now. With coffee.
Wonder Why ?(:
i said i was gonna just get it for you nd its only $10 so chill
A+ customer service from the Dallas CAD.
Smelling a silent but deadly fart all the way home on a crowded bus...sums up my day perfectly.
Halligan's Wed. specials are $2.50 Drafts & Call Drinks
oh not yeah, I wanted to write Hey :D .. haven't heard anything from u 4 so long :) .. well, I'm fine thx .. :) whaddaya doin' ?
Watching someone tug viciously-on a locked door will probably never get old.
Sucks not having a couch.
THAT EPISODE WAS FANTASTIC I DONT HAVE A TV SO HAVETO WAIT FOR A FEW DAYS TO WATCH IT ON CWTV SIGH,,,,,,,,,,,,
come by with some people tonight we have the playoffs on plus and
got it! I will stop off to say hello!
Seth Greenberg to be fired??? What the hell? One of the classiest guys in coaching. And why now???
That exam too long
Gonna rent Powder Blue 2nite-just 'cause Gemini grad Drew Johnson worked on sfx w/ Austin's Radioactive Labs. Watch the snow (it's digital)!
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know Brandon isn't just my fiancè, he's my bestfriend too & I trust him with anything. & that hes my hero too!(:
Same He's Too Cute(;
I feel you ;)
Trying to practice staying in character because this boy in my group just makes me laugh so hard!
Love this!! RT : "Ignore those who talk behind your back, it simply means that you are two steps ahead" ~Unknown
McNulty's move to kill it. “: Crisanta Duran: I'm surprised this is in State Affairs. #civilunions #COLeg”
never fun losing a softball game 22-0. we better have a practice between now and next tuesday!
why is that an injustice face? your just listing facts
Bad news: couldn't sleep Good news: saved by the bell is on: )
lets keep each other warm lmfao
ten minutes to class and im still at gallery place Chinatown...smh
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay to all my friends that are boys I love you (friend way) and you guys are great (:
is a poser
and how do they do that?
A beer for the teachable moment at the White House keger tomorrow?...... Black and Tan of course!
So many movies out/coming out that I wanna see
RT : Did you watch PRISONER OF HER PAST tonight on PBS? Please tell us what you thought!
lmao no, off work, cruising for a week ;)
WERE YOUR ONE STOP SHOP!! COME SEE US TIL 7!!!!!!!!!
#Prezi has changed the interface so much since this summer, I am having to grab a whole lot of new screenshots for
The booth is ready! Excited to start recording vocals for the new album.
"this one of the best schools ever"
Warrior is such a powerful movie! #mustwatch #sososogood!!!
S/O to my new follower karina
going skydiving
follow bac mamas
I know, I can't wait! (: I've been looking forward to it since we planned it!
it is easy to donate 20% of 500K and still live real nice. try giving away 20% of 50k and see how you live...
Follow Back?
Get a stop and a hoop to end half here....
How the fuck are we going to do the project ? -_______-
I want to touch your leg!! Haha come to ALASKA please it would mean so much!! (:
I guess that McDonald's diet isn't really working out for ya man
#SongsIListenToEveryday Wale-Ambitious Girl, Drake-Practice, Miguel-Girls Like You
#lastthursday food vendors: Hey tamalero! got a license to sell? Applications are available at FoLT booth, between 19th and 20th
It feels good in Chicago!
major change coming to digress.it! stay tuned
I was gonna talk to yall about whether strawberries were in season actually
it was very sad day but I know she is in a better place now.
Thanks to you Min. Frederick for following me back. God bless you richly!!
Tuesday night means I totally dork out over #AmericanExperience and
Ohh Ok. Thank You ;) And what did u think of that 'Scene' ;)
If you "respect" women, you wouldn't do this
Thank you!!!
JUS GIVE ME A LITTLE TIME&SPACE....
the nfl and the mlb can't
where be dem tennis shirts? ;)
Our culture expends… 30% of all Medicare payments support the last year of patients’ lives: about 12% for the last thirty days. ~Don
#20ThingsAboutMe I let shit get to me.
My Veins Popping Out Of My Arm, Look Really Funny. :P
I love when you're feeling down and that one song makes it all go away.
when I grow up I want to be just like you...
Thanks for the great show Saturday night, fabulous. Definitely want to catch you guys again!
That would be awesome! Anything in the pipeline for the TMO Galaxy S2?
I AM ABOUT TO HIRE SOMEONE PART TIME AND PAY THEM 10BUCKS A HOUR
SOX: Cody Ross doubles Daniel Nava for fifth #RedSox run. 5-1 over the #Indians in the fifth.
Hey think you were hacked..got dubious DM..
RT : once told me "I think we all have to be a lil thirsty for the things we really want in life"
you are such a good big brother :)
true well u was gone for sometime so welcome back lol
Justin I'm ur biggest fan and last time at ur concert in houston I sat wayyyat the top so I didn't see u very good but I still like ur songs
Get your resume ready for summer internships! RT : Resume & Cover Letter Workshop TODAY @ 3pm Houston Hall, Ben Franklin Room
lets go
The Queen City Grill. Now featuring Scott Wilson!
A friend of must be doing something right.. :-)
Am I really that off? Or are people really that irrational?
Alright let's stop the debating then
Mad I always freakin cut my hair
Who was your favorite Spice Girl?
hello sweetheart =)
my God be with their loved ones and protect the rescue workers
ask me already...gosh
Heading to Stockholm tomorrow!
OH MY GOD! it is so cold all of a sudden
you are a hero. Thanks for following me.
I'm far from a LeBron fan but I thought that nigga was finally gon step up in the clutch this year..you can't miss BOTH
Thanks for the RT! :)
i think i would wish for world peace . . .
#3WordsForYou i hate caroline #3WordsForYou i love marie
Which L stops do you think have the best restaurants around them?
is my #FF today! Thanks so much for the Milani Eye Liner giveaway!
Restaurant Week is coming to Anthony’s. NEW Lunch – 2 courses for $10 until 4 pm. Starts on Sunday, 9/18.
Putting Zooey Deschanel in commercials should be made illegal, like subliminal advertising.
I knew this would be a demanding club lol
Opening statements begin today in a trial of a gruesome murder of a #Nova professor. Details at 6:30 am
On a drive, eating the bag of animal crackers that Tony has in the backseat. :3
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.-- Mark Twain
I think oatmeal cookies are healthier but chocolate chip cookies are so yummy (:
Where is my nigga
:o oh yeah maybe(:
Oh single self checkout at Copley, will you ever recognize my book?
GM tweets thank u Jesus for waking me and my loves up have a blessed day everyone
Victory at last! Thank you!
At what point in the night does my toothpaste switch flavors from "Minty Freshness" to "Open Ass."?
congrats on the W today. U guys looked good.
I could totally see you saying those things about cats.
Definitely could use a drink right about now...maybe I can wait until 7 though
lois, ya wanna go canoeing ?
I forgot to masturbate today...
What am I like 5? I just genuinely got excited when I saw at the #mtvmovieawards lol
yeah... *sighs* I do remember having a acct for you too... TysAngel or something. *shrugs*
there are no tech reports in sociology
Had a great time last night ! Specifically
hi thanks
finding the stapler in the refrigerator is also a clue. Have a relaxing weekend!
Andy, please ask Kyle if she has ever been told she is Demi Moore's twin sister. - Felicia from Chicago
Volunteer or paid?
Some still shots, vids are loading soon!...
always my pleasure Zanna! That kettlecorn is excellent isn't it ;-)
thank you very much :)
Just started an app development company. Details to come.
Won our first game:)
Oh, and today I got everything set up through the school so I officially graduate a year early. #thatsaplus.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
"time goes by so slowly for those who wait and those who run seem to have all the fun." #Madonna I'm ready to run!~
Finalize those brackets and join us for the #FirstFour. Our $5 burgers are the icing in the cake.
GM beauties! Inner thought: B happy now,when u r grateful 4 what u have u will become a magnetic to more. More will come. Enjoy your day!
I daresay one profits more by the mistakes one makes off one's own bat than by doing the right thing on somebody's else advice.
#wayfarerfestival doors open at 4 pm at the Magic Stick. kicks things off at 4:45 PM.
once saw Chris Paul and Rudy Gay play on same team in a pickup game at a Winston-Salem YMCA
I'm new too! Welcome! :-)
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. - Napoleon Hill
you can't really compare them tho? Westbrooks primary position is shooting guard. OKC doesn't have a pg besides maynor
I was on the news tonight on NBC wfie 14 got my 8 seconds of fame thanks to in Madisonville today lol it was epic
#NowJammin "Overdose" by "I think I'm addicted So you can call me a feign Give me something quickly And get the monkey off me"
Mayor Richards speaking to City Council about budget, need to get state to act beyond new pension tiers
#bsg is making the ride go fast!
woah, big city move!! Good luck with the move!
How will Drudge spin it to blame Obama for Andrew Brietbart's sudden death?
thank you, how was Italy? Hope you had fun! Xx
did you ever see the cartoon Inspector Gadget? We can now call you Inspector Jenni! Very cool!
you're a very smart lady Miss Jackie Rae!!
Paradigm #Madison #WI is getting our Garden going today! Also getting ready for the #Pepper #Workshop tomorrow! Make sure to sign up!
Cincinnati basketball is a disgrace who cared if they did reached the Sweet 16
what picture...
ah sorry anna!!!! i was only thinking mcquality's group, wait for my next tweet....
we're glad to have you here!
... I'll tell you a 3rd time if you'd like?
My corner bakery is playing Christmas music, I suppose it's time for a Chinese dinner.
ur so welcome just show me some love n I will return
friendly wager for the game today love?
Awesome! :) I'm district 1.
My friend has everyone saying "okay" just like her
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. -A.SaintExupery
gnomes with serving trays bring me small gnome crackers topped with cottage cheese. ...a gnome sized cottage..yess...excellent
Yeeeeee getting an Iphone this Saturday :-)
i just got the shivers, why is it always so cold in wisconsin!
oh, I saw it. He offered a somewhat good explanation for it. Snooki was supposed to be Souz. Kim K was supposed to be Ki.
Actually, these days I'm more prepping for the unnatural disasters.
Would transformers buy life insurance or car insurance?
I know
It's National Eat What You Want Day!!! What are you going to indulge in?
Hahaha, I too, have been a girl with her skirt pulled high.
hahaha oh please do!! is there a matching elf outfit? I'll take it on! Xmas boxing on the balcony?
hi! did not see your tweet. I'll be in the office this afternoon 2pm before we hit the doors. Or email .
Hola! needs runners/bloggers 2 help w/LA Race 4 Cure in Sept! DM her if interested! :D
#ThankfulThursday is thankful for our great customers! You guys are the best!
#myweakness "Sensitive" men. No such thing!
Just gave up 6 runs in the seventh. Again. To the Tigers.
Here are a lot of days that I consider not drinking... Right up until the first beer I order.
Thanks, Andrew! I'm freakin out over here :)
nothing to say:)
I have had SO many teachers in my days & she's STILL my favorite. :)) Haha and hi :D
Well I am partly ginger now just imagine it brighter and all over :L <3 <3
okay, i'm still bored w/ or without a phone. k
thanks for the retweet!!
CLUB SOUL... Has a nice ring to it! Think I got a new business venture for you lol!
you're not the only 1 who finished semester 1 at UD with a 2.3. Heck, I even lost a scholarship for a bit bc I wasn't focused.
People we are thankful for: awesome actress
Chris - thank you for helping to set the stage for the magic to happen. I look forward to keeping you updated on our success!
since you are only a few months older than me, I will not.
busy man non stop
were only a few weeks away from out Spring Contest..Send a message for more information!!!
That IS quite different. When do our couches arrive?
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been
What do you think makes planning a #familyreunion difficult?
Boy, Hasta La vista
Aw that so sweet Louis, yall are PERFECT together. :)
Welcome to my life RT apt in 10 min span: roomies harmonizing "Sound of Music" then watching video of a dog raising baby squirrels
Thanks for the follow RFP. I also manage the Tweets for #SEWIFMA. I am sure you will find their commercial focus of interest.
werd! They need a law to make it smoke free zone with in certain mile zone or something!
chee works, too, yes :) I have to stop watching puppy training videos and get some sleep! :P
Listen, , you've got my vote in November, but #Wisconsin could really use some help from the #DNC right now.
Fuck school. I don't wanna go tomorrow.
It's all going to be new this summer...moved into mom's house and left my 20+ yrs of perennials behind.
they do nothing..?
i'm fallin asleep while i'm tweeting sad
Kevin, your passion is palpable. Thanks for sharing it. We'd love to have you come back and review portfolios 12/19.
omg i just saw ur macy's commercial. HOLARIOUS!! My dad even laughed.
Tell me and I'll forget. Show me, and I may not remember. Involve me, and I'll understand.
Thank You!
Underground Podcast #2: Backseat Boyz d. Shaun Tempers and Tank with the T-Gimmick.
-~+!|+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
YES! i think i'm going the 2nd weekend. i went the 2nd weekend this year and i knew ppl who went to both that said it was better.
The Best Equipment for Indiana Partiescomes from PartyZone Entertainment Rentals
Thanks Mayor for getting the bags off meters today instead of Monday (as we were told by Public Svc). MUCH appreciated!
that sucks girlfriend! But I got to see my Raminaaaaa today! :))) love u!
Thanks for the good vibes tonight!
...didn't know he was busty. Haha
#2 If you know of a spot that shows a weird, cool mashup of odd juxtapostions, can you email us a photo to us?
Don't have my space are you on Facebook.
“: why you up so early” the same reasons u up so early ;p
My homegirl touchdown tomorrow From Miami!!!
Today in America TV Offers May Air Dates for Portland, Oregon - Albany Times Union
RT : But really, reelect our wonderful mayor, !
Mendy - thx for the follow. Would love to meetup over coffee or b'fast. DM your details and we'll connect.
it was great to meet you guys! Hope we can work on a project together soon! Hope to see you guys tomorrow!
Follow for reports from the scene.
when are we going to get it that we're following the path of Russia in the 1980's, and get out of there before we are #bankrupt?!
I wonder if Mat Gamel could fit more Cope in his cheek?
Hey! Happy Birthday, ! :)
Sitting in my reading class and OMG I do not know if I can handle this teacher....luckily I got here with me to suffer as well!
There's a pretty good one in Leichhardt on Norton, few blocks N of Parramatta Road
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
Max Siegel is certainly an interesting choice for USATF. His background is in gospel music promotions and NASCAR with Dale Earnhardt Inc.
One thing i've learned in highschool. If you want a girl, apparently you have to treat her like shit?
you can't press charges on me because your middle finger was a threat. Self defense hello.
Buying the new CD today. I've enjoyed the leaked DL so much, I would feel like a crook if I did'nt.
Whoops. Maybe you didn't go to Startup Weekend. Sorry! It must be Monday.
I love you.
Gettin stoked for ALOFT Thursdays!!! The launch party is this Thursday!!
RT : What are the top 10 social media platforms 4 sharing "pictures" in #nonprofit industry ? Hint
Stoli and cranberry juice, with a splash of Cointreau and lemon juice. I should just drink beer.
Also, you have no idea how happy it makes me that you call him Paddington too! (cc: )
I'll keep you posted, homes!
lmao we loved our white air forces ! Lmao
C'mon, phone. Stop freezing!
Florida rocks even if they lose!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I wanna see sum FIGHTS
Those sound like some fascinating partnerships. Seeds and guitars - very outside the box.
We couldn't have said it better! TY!
I fucks with Boosie. Greatest rapper alive! Standing on it!
Great #Designspeaks Seattle, thank you Design Co. Let's go get lost.
Tell Rush what would also mean letting Bin Laden LIVE!
Bynum talks crap about the Nuggets, Meta hits players in the face, & Kobe forgets he's part of a TEAM. YES, IM ANTI-LAKERS.
I had a 102 fever this morning but it's going down now !!
“: Michael James Porter, ring a bell now?” Sounds like someone you would share hobbies and hang out with.
SHOUT OUT TO >
Need Sleep =P
shall I start the taps on the season?
#ScottWalker must not want women to vote for him. #RecallWalker for equal pay!
dude...we were born 30 years too late...
www.rosegardenboutique.com sells many of the Canyon Group chenille robes Fran Drescher wore on The Nanny!
UFC and boxing on tonight. What are your thoughts on Koscheck vs Henry, Diaz vs Miller and Floyd "Money" Mayweather vs Cotto.
I agree, and we need to publicly shape this process. Maybe through an online discuss MT : need to shape the process
Wow, nice rings !!! I think needs one from Dallas, what do you think!!
what video? O.o
I miss Africa.
Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart
we stopped in Santa Fe on our way (mom, uncle, cousin) to CO - I waved as we went by! Hi Mar!
Six flags tomorrow with the Besties shall be fun.
So BLESSED Im finally doing what I love the most I have such an amazing job.
Said to our sous chef: "This burger is so good I want to slap YOUR momma."
Vacation is almost here-- Heading to Portland in the morning!
Any acting agencies in la right now looking for new talent?
wonders if we'll have any walk ups tonight...
u done got me screamed at!! “ Me & are gonna throwdown... Lmfao”
Relationships are either all or nothing, make sure you're not exchanging your all for nothing.
YaY! the 5 year old is finally asleep. Of course it happened after I lost my cool,but thankfully before I gave in to the tears for ice cream
12 Days of Twitter: On 3rd day of Twitter nextdoor neighbor gave to me 3 piece meal from KFC 2 Nikon speedlights 1 Partridge Family Xmas MP3
“: not peeling the tape off of containers before they go to dish #kitchenpetpeeves”
GCB is one of my new favorite shows!!!You did great in tonight's episode!!!:)
follow me bestfriend!
Ivy's voice is so pretty.
Grabbing a bite at ihop. I haven't eaten since yesterday. Feeling very sore and nauseated
a power switch? On a furby? I don't know if I'm buying that...
Seattle or Denver!
so true. this 1s a nutter who doesnt like ppl havng their own lives that dont center around her
He could have a real "moment" with it. :)
#republicandebate keep us informed darlin we appreciate it!!!!
Relocation of BMW Guggenheim Lab from Kreuzberg to Prenzlauer Berg almost too poetic.
Ha! That's a lot of themes. "Stabbed in the crotch"; "Title Spoken By Character"; "Exploding Boat"; nuff said.
What Are Some Good Songs To Download?
Glad to hear your home is OK. We'll have more info on damaged #westbaltimore bldgs tommorow.
I am a drag queen who NEEDS to lip-sync , girl i wont even sing scary-oke lol. I have so much respect for drag artist who sing<3
Have you heard the new one, The Double Cross? Did you know that was just in Brooklyn last week?
First sighting of at #solutionsdr in
Put Your Neighborhood Cats To Work! It is often the case that
I'm not wearing eyeshadow, but I am eating Pringles. #Twinsies :-D
hey, at least you're in collge c:
dinner was delish.
Season's Greeting from the Staff @ UWM School of Continuing Ed! We appreciate you & wish you lots of happiness this holiday weekend!
3. Enable deep content sharing
When does that tour with her,Taryn Terrell and Jillian Hall start?
no idea how that tweet went out. We follow music lovers!
Scientists have had "show literature" for years to show public the value of science. Where is the same for humanities?
Be who you want just be who tho are never be who you aren't
In finals and advent, this made my day: "Most people know that Jerusalem is the place that Jesus was born." (facepalm) via
and April is always the fastest month.
no. I would keep all the money for myself. Sorry about your luck .
Lady Gaga Rides A Mechanical Horse During The &#39;Born This Way Ball&#39; In Korea, Obvs (PHOTO)
I wanna talk shit like Heat fans
Get on that! The song's so mature!
that is what I thought security theatre patting me down while my bag goes wo me
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID!!! This Wed! Apr11th! w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!
New Music Seminar!
And Satan said, "I will put good bands on both sides of the poster."
WOW!! First pitch Ubaldo v. Tulo straight at his head! Don't miss him anymore!
Five Iron Frenzy is back kids,.
Tonight's sleep music is going to be Joshua Radin - We Were Here.
It's National Grilled Cheese Day! Wishing I could swing over to the for the best in town!
god I love you
maybe I can get them to trade Roll of Thunder for Crow hm
People that dont have a sense of humor! <<<<
Did some pocket parts today and visited Julia Child exhibit at American History Museum.
took note of needing to come earlier on Wednesday because the crowd at #ZeidlerPark loves ya!
Time to teach the modules...can you believe they sent an email calling me "professor" hah! Should have read "Dean of Awesome" instead
long story lol crazy shit though
#YouCuteAndAllBut I Don't Like Conceited People!
Heading out to Europe right now! Love Atlanta though!
Approaching Major League caliber. If you're comparing them to the
Even my grandma in Cinci Ohio knows the deal & calls me just to say is gonna be on their news
“: Closet??? ;) RT ": #Cancer's are closet strippers."” I agree, we are.
not till next month :3
By raising the Q, do you admit you think it's _possible_ that the President or his staff wants Chelsea murdered?
couldn't do it without you sweet pea!! :)
Don't miss the Clear WiMAX launch ceremony & prize drawings @ Best Buy from 4-6pm! Our GRAND PRIZE:a NETBOOK w/6 mo. of free CLEAR service!
congrats on everything! felicidades!
I guess I can live without it for a bit. RT": You don't need that ol box. "
yup wells fargo :) seats 10-11 . I got 2 tickets :D
thanks. I need to workout. I'm stressed.
I kept making sure I wasn't watching 'The Walking Dead'
today theres not a cloud in sight :)
Can't believe an E kept the Sox from going out 1-2-3 to a position player!
I can't agree more with that statement
I love that I made #duhbitchiknow a hashtag on Instagram. I'm gonna wear it out!
sweet. Glad you enjoyed it!
#NP Clams Casino - I'm God
Twitter wants me following
thanks to the both of you and much appreciated support! Cheers to 2012
You use that badboy yet?
cant wait to see you guys this weekend!!
RT : The Dalai lama once said, "The practice that is best is the one that works for you."
Look at the Orioles' record. It's the best in baseball.
i want to take this platinum
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack
Can't wait to hear about it. Glad to see you have Emily in your line up. She's fabulous.
did 3 (!) casting workshops today. phew! :) now off to do some bowling with friends!
Q5: What's your advice to anyone looking for or about to start an internship this summer?
#youwannaimpressme just smile and enjoy life..
Wait, you live in NY? o.o
Hi! Any Tweetups coming in the near future?
Remember today is Good Deed Friday! Do something nice for someone else...
I LOVE YU<3 IF U FOLLOWED ME I WOULD CRY AND SCREAM AND OMG UR AMAZINGG<33333
You go to a different one too right?lol
Is watching iCarly !!!! One direction is going to to be up there !!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
T-minus 2 hours until the weekend! Let the countdown begin
i thought you were around back then! it was hard to remember. i should have known from your name. =P
Come out and chill tonight at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale its gonna be packed,Tables a sold out No Cover & 241 drinks til 12am Dj Nyc
scumbag google: get invited to google+, google stops taking invites.
Thanks Vince. You too. I enjoy following your posts and hope all is well! Your football signed to son Tom has a place of honor
*obligatory tweet about day drinking instead of that silly Broad Street Run*
nah, it depends on him. :( i hate when he lied and covered many things.
Can't believe it's already June! Time flies! Thanks for the shout out ! Can't wait for Maifest this weekend :)
A few. One said there'd be a number between .99999r and 1. Also an algebraic breakdown. 10n=9.9999999
Hey Los Angeles! Show Reminder Friends! Please Share! Show in Monica this Sunday!
Don't know the IP for modem if it's different than trouter, not sure if mine is all-in-one.
only sometimes.
All fired up bout to throw some ched
aw cause im hungry and shit like that you know?
you ran with it anyway! #awesome if you could choose to be one which would you be?
my calves are so sore <U+E403>
#20ThingsAboutMe when I like I guy, it's usually legit. Because I don't usually like just anyone.
The 6oz. flask is mobile, fits perfectly in the back of your jean pockets, and a good size for a party.
Man all i been thanking bout lately is will i start nxt yr in college<U+2754>
I'm up and awake. But I can't tell if it's Friday or not. What's that? It is Friday? Oh thank goodness. Happy Friday everybody!
twitter keeping u occupied lol or just the new. Friends
Excellent view of the history of the "Anyone But Romney" movement from via
Haha, you're now placing ToGo orders? I will make stirfry next week and drop it off. You need a porch box for me to put meals in
As long as we can see the same sky, breathe the same air, step on the same planet, then you and I are not impossible.
Trying to decide whether I'm more upset because the guy is gone..or the wine is tapped. Kind of goes hand in hand.
The year of my birth. Good times!
I'm convinced I have allergies now. .-. :c
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
That akward moment when nolan blechas aunt is mY dentist.
BROWNIES, HOTWINGS AND DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES. And tea. :3
Yes i green bc i like to smoke weed
Still so proud of 's performance that I can't see straight. Keep rewatching it and crying.
oh dear why lie about following you.. unles he unfollows fan hate that thats why i am not a fan!
follow back!
see you tomorrow at 5:30? Call me when u get there, I can come down & let u up in elevator so u don't have 2do 5 flights of stairs
like the new avi. you been working out?
I feel u....see it all the time
this shit was garbage....i think paul george should have won
Response to the #Ratigan show has been fantastic. Emails are pouring in and we promise we will respond to each one. Sorry for the delay.
It is appropriate that spring break is the week after St Patrick's Day weekend.
I'm awkward around both.
nearly 100 degrees hot today with the dryer on, it's even hotter upstairs in the offices, but there's only a few more hours til the weekend.
Watching Food Inc. in class which I've probably seen 8 times ... Why am I here?
AWAKE name dropping Vampire Weekend like they're still relevant.
m. On a diet and in MD :(
Big ups to Will Smith! LoL
your gonna have a beast week against the cowboys save this tweet
AH OMG bro i miss you so much more , i pretty much stay to myself . / im moving in FEB tho . hbu ? how you been ?
and i so thank you for that.
Like my circa 1992 DJ pic? Amazing that I still look exactly like that!
I'm 20...I've yet to experience that problem. haha
Practice like the Devil ~ Doc Watson |
Good morning:)))
actually looking forward to work tmrw :)
I hate having a cold :(
fun question! I'd name my racehorse Delightfully Eccentric.
Wow I'm hurt
ssh into a shell and use irssi (or just install irssi and screen directly on the Mac and use it through terminal.)
i want credit :-)
We like: 1140 grids, Skeleton, Zurb, Bootstrap.
"Are you doing tonight?" -Walter
Thank you love! Hope all is well! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
in one of the pictures! Bad move by me??
Thank you !
Haven't been on twitter for awhile. Doing lots of FA things tho. Support group mtg this Thu doing epi training. Lots of school board mtgs.
thanks for the optimism. Need that sometimes. Just a little bit of finals frustration and lack of sleep.
Did Twitter disable the ability to copy/paste links from tweets from their site?
seen issue w/SM non-sport(digital ad) ppl set values unjustly & sports not knowing how2
Got to go to school, be back at 3:20... peace :-)
also, I didn't know Diddy sampled 'victory' from the Rocky score. That really upset me since I'm kind of a sample expert.
Wonder what Francesa leads with tomorrow ...
About to make some and this makes me sad! RT : Pancakes are like a sand painting. They're a lot of work. Then they're gone.
looking forward to your visit =)
": Aperson sent ten puns to friends with the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh. No pun in ten did."
Waited 6 months to hear the Brewers lose again. :(
Oh hahaa oh yeaa! that was really cute i would love to have THAT!!! It was funny cause Bella/Avalon didn't like it at all..
sounds perfect! all you need is a cocktail
Haters don`t really hate you; they hate themselves because you`re a reflection of what they wish to be.
“: See you Saturday!" I'll have spam waiting for ya.
how am I being cute?
The hummers flying & now nesting in the yard make me so happy. Glad I can share the fun with others who also enjoy it.
Yooo.. Need to say this quick.. If you like some of my videos.. & you wanna help me out by showing some people.. Then follow
As an #actor you have to be hungry. RT if it is time to eat!
yeah nothin just in my room bored
Treo 650 / 700 Silicone Protective Case (Pink) – Image Brand Best ...
Good morning! Kula is the world's first social marketplace. Built and headquartered proudly in #Chicago. Italian beef is our fave
Another drive..
I just have to say to North Hill Renaissance Hotel, THANK YOU for free wifi
Just saw a Guido in Martinez. Quick someone do a jaeger shot and make a wish!
I cant wait to see Tanisha wedding
Its tattoo tuesday. Come to secret gentlemens club las vegas. 2$ beer 4$ well and 500$ cash prizes.
Don't forget -it's National Burger Month! is doing some awesome stuff for #sacburgermonth!
sweet! Thanks!
Old guy driving me to airport badly reeks of funky musky Old Spice. I'm being chauffeured by the ghosts of 500 grandfathers.
Want to meet you! Meeting with all sorts of groups:civic, religious, social, service, and more
We will soon be supporting YourPTS.com. It's a website for everyone and anyone who is typically involved in property transactions!
Even NBA players want to come to UK, how could a high school kid not
If you are looking to buy tax free weekend stuff...the new Best Buy on Poplar and Ridgeway Loop stll has stuff. Not nearly as many peopl ...
Eh. Strong impressionist, obviously. Can't see him as much more than the next Rich Little. No comic timing.
katcoo: watching online debriefing of the #SLA2010 conference in New Orleans. Cool way to get updates. SLA2011 already sounds good.
is it eird that i cried 6 times today?
If this girl says UM one more time......
Haha The Simpsons Drops Some Shit!!
can u plz get Justin to dm me and follow me I will do anything for u plz plz I'm a big fan plz I will do anything if he dos
I hate waking up with a sore throat.
Yeah cuz if your good 2 that person and they still need 2 fuck around then they deserve the Karma that comes with it
San Diego - pulling out the big guns for their own ad: Bill Walton, Junior Seau, Tony Hawk.
Just raced an... Audi R8 low-key got mashed on
Circ does have a list of what is series and what is fiction, but they don't pay attention to it very much.
-____- what are you Amish?
iPad ap CloudBrowse is a clunky but usable browser to see Flash websites, it's free too. I just tried it out and it does work
Just sounds like the Washington crowd isn't that into Andre Blatche. I wouldn't be, either.
more play than work...
St. Carl of Ithaca, pray for us.
Annoying Ass On Again , Off Again Relationships < Bitch , Stay Together & Stay Broken Up !
believe imma drink some serene water real soon lol
had weight loss surgery in August of last year.
*golf cart
I hope everyone in NASCAR enjoyed a week off...now back to work!
GANTNER hits a drive into right center, it's in the gap! Castillo around third, he'll SCORE on a double by Gantner! 3-2 Mariners.
An Organized Binder workshop Sat May 16th in Sacramento, CA. Join us, its free! email
are there any plans for a Mac Desktop version of the Comixology app?
We'll take 'em any way we can get 'em. MT : I signed up when I saw there'd be sushi cc:
oh girl you have no idea, she is all kinds grown up :( lol
OMG ! How Will I Know Glee Cast Version is number 10 on iTunes !!!!
me too, let's explore ASAP.
pt3: "the wealth of accessible information along with what they should be concerned about losing"
beep, beep Good for DNail! I'll read when I'm off the desk :)
On one hand, OSCAR = Overt Sexism Celebration (And Racism) - given awardees, red carpet tradition, etc (1/2)
at least you're smart. :) PhDs, business owners, wall street power broker.
Overheard a story earlier that ended "he has a glass eye now, but they're very realistic these days." Eavesdropping punished!
i see you soon! woot!
Clever Ali. I have a vision just can't comunicate it in 140 characters. How is solar doing?
i'm dreading this
You poor thing :(
Public restrooms should either have infra-red water faucets or provide paper towel that you can use to close the faucet without touching it
do you have my new number?
are you having trouble with the BB5 app? Its bringing up an error for me when I try and manually post to 4sq/fb/twitter
yes, he truly is...have you watched the Woman in Black? :D
you're welcome.
Not sure, haven't opened presents yet. :( Waiting for in-laws to arrive from KC. Lillian opened her stuff, she was a good girl!
Thanks for finding us! :)
As far as I know, yes, but I've been seeing *-metrics used to cover biblo-, sciento-, webo-, and alt- as a whole
S/O to all those people who stayed at the ball park all day long to see Votto hit that grand slam. You guys are the real fans.
awww Austin im so sorry my poor baby feel better I wish i could hold you and make you feel better<3 #RIPAngel :((
On my way! There now
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Great job tonight and !! Always stay the 5 boys on the staircase :)
Spiritualized, Mark Lanegan Band... otherwise not much for an old fart like me
I can't make you love me if you don't, and you can't make your heart feel something it won't.
feel better!!!
is following me on twitter. 260 days to get my act together!
thanks for the plug. Have you tried my #BBQ Sauce?
it sucks and it's good. i think; i cry; i write. you know: the usual. I STILL have not heard from Jen (but an off-list convo)
!! I miss you! Let's do something with on the 10th :)
remember when I triangle choked you.
desultory life! sounds perfect. interesting how the gender issue plays out.
I envision a casino tour of the Northeast United States. Her Bangor, Maine show is only 87% away from selling out!
just makin sure! Let's Go #rangers!
Provides Educational tutoring services via Go2meeting,Skype or in person BottomDollarServices of Central Fl Spread da word. Education is KEY
Good luck to all our #GFT brothers competing at #ABUDHABIPRO oussu!
that would be absolutely wonderful
I tweeted in April to you that FTP is out of business worldwide by end of year. You sort of disagreed, how about now?
are you serious? :O
I completely agree. He's a phenominal entrepreneur andn overall good person.
Filming in upstate NY, staying at vacant Inn with no guests or staff, think of "The Shining"... here's Johnny! Great interior shots.
My son's solid hitting continues--he's at .916 AVG for the young season.
thanks. Glad you liked it.
Planning next year's vacations, baseball/bears/first time ever hawks and bulls games!! Yayayaya lalalala glad 2have friends w tickets! ;)
Up with one of the most painful stomach aches I have had in awhile :( :(
we'll place a call to Mr. Gates. :) Stand by...
can i caress you is that ok
“: There's nothing wrong with being GAY! .../ And, social norming based on fear does not make it so.
I've always loved lady gaga's constant commitment to be different..however that was extremely odd! Sometimes normal is good
I'm sure many people would like to be a fly on the wall at that dinner :)
Celebrate the '12 Apr renaissance local MLB, there will be a daily baseball post this week cc:
Tonight Crab cakes and Gypsy Jazz at the Dry Dock restaurant in Solomons, MD
#top100femaleLies "this is my real hair,these are my REAL eye lashes,this is my real eye color, these are my real nails" etc.
Crushed about the end of Mobb Deep
HAPPY B-DAY!!,have a great day
that pic by don was AWESOME!
happy 4th of July
I can never sleep. No matter how sleepy I am.
Hanging out with some very good friends while a man in a movie enters the 8th dimension with a rocket car.
i like it shaken and stired all at once<3
Anxious but ready.
ur welcome. Ur so great sweetie. Need anything just ask ;-)
we'll be back!
Yeah: I was wondering the same thing.
When you spend so much time with someone you start acting like them
I teach scene study, & we work on commercial technique....in last couple of months, students have booked national and regional commercials
I hate to admit, but those Russ Whitner "papercut" commercials crack me up.
Congratz!RT : What happens when the competition goes off the air? We get all of their viewers! Good thing I wore my best outift!
Did Luna get a standing ovation at least?
Up since 5 am. Thanks Jaden.
Working on an article about how to process #archival #architecture collections. Is there anything you want to know?
There was just a #CriminalMinds question on Jeopardy...and those geniuses didn't know the answer!
Thank you for coming to TAN today. It was great meeting you. "There is no one way" - thanks for sharing this :)
thank god for another day!
Lovin' the folks over at today! They turned a sad delivery into an easy fix!
Dinner was AWESOME
Thx for the love!
Just read a like 5 short stories by #lovecraft. Sufficiently #freakedout. I can #sleep now.
pour some oil on a duck
i miss you! are you going to come with kim this summer? :D
RT : Send April outta town with a hot performance. Don’t miss and tonight.
APEX Museum preparing for great summer programs. Follow us for updates and specials.
that gets me to Heaven right?...
Shopping at the mall for conservative clothing is always a fun challenge.
Right back at ya! Have a great Friday!
what do you want for your birthday?
So I've heard. I live in Long Island City now, tho I'm moving soon. What I'll say is this: Montreal might make a better wife.
J. Crew $10 Million Settlement of TPG Buyout Suit Falls Apart, Lawyer Says
I'll be running those steps when I'm there in a few weeks. Maybe I'll see you there.
RT : Gotta go with my big bro though! // Correct!
taking care of business =) summer tour, here we come
#12:Trespassing on Mifflin resident's property, FINE: $429
Goddamn it, Angela, I clicked on that.
Zhivago: You bombed the wrong village. S: Who cares? A village betrays us, a village is burned. Point made. Z: Your point. Their village.
Man its somethnn in my eye!!!!
what u think of the wayne so far?
What happened to my saved searches, Twitter??!!
Listening to late #70s #music reminds me of riding in my mom's station wagon. In 30 yrs, my kids will listen to #Maroon5 for comfort!
Interesting article, it maybe that PR is being presented and acknowledge as part of a Vanity Lifestyle in today's culture.
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet can ride in my car with there shoes off.!
Crap, I wrote a tweet saying yes to 11:45 but I never clicked "send"! Still good?
hey, what's #agdc? Looks like interesting conversation.
make friends :-)
Goodnight mahomies !!!!!!!! Send me pics for a fan video !!!!! Send them to @
We LOVE Best Buddies! RT Pls welcome to Twitter! Did you participate in Best Buddies in high school or college?
Are you at #aasl11? Meet the authors of Teaching for Enquiry at our booth 1009 tonight from 5:30-7:30 pm.
My phone was DOA as of 11:42PM of the 22nd day of October in this year of our lord 2009. Will return calls asap.
For sure...I'll msg u
danm.nigga what time? Call off
I'm looking at my empty Redstone Meadery bottle. I wonder if there are other places besides Flying Saucer to buy mead?
Have a great weekend! Travel safe :)
“: After 10 years..George Strait will play RodeoHouston March 2013! full show…no cows that day..special big Texas deal!”
It's always the other way around for me. Hard to remember every patron even if they all know me.
i hope so! I miss you!
Thanks Love...It's Also Available On iTunes,Rhapsody,& CDBaby
wat would u do if u had more money then u eva would kno wat to do wit?
please follow
When you're on the edge of giving up, ask yourself why you tried in the first place...
The sun is out the wind is blowing and it's raining. Freaky Spring weather.
Custom Build: Samurai Blue DragonRacer | Mega Bloks Blog
RT : PUMPED about earning my first Mozilla Open Badge (OBI) Compliant badge at #2012TCC ... AWESOME learning experience
yeah you should have... :(
No- I went to the College of Charleston.
Excited to ski this weekend! Headed to Breckenridge...
yes and cowboys. For you it's Jewish boys, for me it's cowboys.
thanks bro. I look forward to see u then, Better be making some noise
just trying tweetlogix. Hard to find a twitter app that has it all...
i smell buffalo wings...
sorry couldn't see you but had to take mom to hospital
Some of us are going to the show tonight come talk to us!
you're obviously not.
Practices scheduled for this week and ready to rock for you this Sunday night at RöcBar after the Free Press SummerFest!
Practice makes perfect.
Yeah 1129 E. Baltimore St. Close to the Melo center
Love overwhelm me. I don't want to be hurt again. I just want to be free. I want someone that could replace what i lost. And to love me. :(
Psyched that the boots I've been wanting for months are now available for pre-order! Today is a good day.
I wonder if will name her daughter with a "K"?
Booking both east & west coast tours right now! What venues do you want to see Ethan Keller Group perform at this summer?
Love & basketball....always a classic
I love how much food we eat this time of year..
Imagine if OWSers had guns and they invoked "Stand Your Ground" whenever the riot police attacked them.
havent been in a twitter mode. people on here can be really rude. don't judge me, you DON'T know me. k, thanks
I just got to use a letterpress machine. Totally nerding out right now!
Spotted 6-8 Milwaukee black teens smoking and enjoying marijuana behind the Kosciusko Park monument on S. 9 PL and W. Lincoln Ave.
I think a lot of people are doing that today :) The best way to pay tribute!
Dear Thanks For Rapping/Singing. You Have Really Inspired Since The Day You Came Out. Im Lucky To Call You My Rolemodel.
RT : long lasting and straight up best for bb....
Need a weekend of fun!
I had tried to get on this directory a while ago, but the site froze up. Thanks for the reminder! Will do 2day.
I'm scared, because I don't want anyone else to steal your heart. That's what I want to do.
Meant iTunes haha
Mama was right. The older I get, the faster time flies. Even with an extra day of February it seems unreal that March is almost here!
RT : Let me spend the time to properly edit/comp your vocals. Its more than just leveling/panning. Its about the emotion. The...
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday & Wellington was there haha
High heels or flats- which shoe is a staple in your every day ensemble? -Westfield Style
. #ntyquestion Ringo, thought it was the answer to a crossword clue (it wasn't)
Who is excited about Dark Shadows? It's going to be so campy, quirky and utterly hilarious!
to many but pick one: Shake Your Rump
Oh snap #realtalk RT KG talks alot of crap, he's prob never been in a fight, I would love to get in a ring with him, I will expose him
We just saw this. Stunned. RT : Jerry Rice has on blue/glitter eye shadow...am I the only one concerned?!?!?
where is the new office?
Waiting at the lincoln museum in Springfield.
hmm. which one was you?
UR amazing!! RT Just finished shooting for obsessed with the S/S collection.... Your gonna die when you see this!
I'd rather have that as a Fenway world record than a grape juice toast! RT : Scoreboard had one Aceves pitch at 198 mph
AT THE COWBOYS TRAINING CAMP WITH MY DAD AND
m. Ya make me so hawny
Fastball's "The Way" is that one song that will always get stuck in your head. Even if you don't know the lyrics you'll still sing it.
Back home in Cincinnati. and make it a pretty epic place to live. Loved meeting you guys yesterday!
im not a star sumbody lied i got a chopper in the car
I need a haircut, bad.
So thrilled the world is being forced to stop ignoring what a piece of shit Wade is. He has ALWAYS been this arrogant deluded jerk.
Oh how I wish to be a Colombian whore.
Tom Petty playing all his hits and now crushing it with Free Fallin
Have a good night buddy. Wish we could have worled something out ": Ok R Bar, your in for some serious shit!! Hehe"
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 9
ha! I'm sure there would be many more dudes to volunteer too :P
This comes after Chris Evans (guy who played Cpt. America) tried to sleep with the reporter that wrote his GQ feature.
come people i just need 9 more followers till i get to 200 so people come on and follow
Yay! Got arrested on mothers day -_-
and I quote: "usually on the road I go to like JC Pennies to pick up a tie." actual convo w/ Lindy Ruff this past fall.
lol yea trust me I learned the hard way save time and emotions and cut unhealthy relationships
Kwik Kar Willow Bend would like to wish all of you teachers a Happy Teacher Appreciation week! Thank you so much for all you do.
Ducks to start at their own 32 after holding the Buckeyes on third down.
That's really impressive!
VAMPIRES FROM HOLLYWOOD: this business will suck the life out of you. COMING SOON FROM CANYON PICTURES! SEEKING INVESTORS
": I think about #oomf more than i should . . ."
Truth yo. RT Turns out Boston is the shit
I could be your Lady..anything you want..
That seems somewhat odd??? Are they the only one w/an offer on the table to Walker? A real offer?
Just reviewed the WRLC's 2-letter library codes. How many do you know by heart? AL, AU, CU, DA, DC, GA, GM, GT, GW, HI, HU, JB, LI, MU
girls can win $1000 tonight... dress as trashy as you can!
My IAT gender test showed a mild association of male/career.
#liber2011 Big Q for rightsholders and publishers is effect on sales: no measurable effect to date. Balance btwn substitution and promotion.
OpenLayers just brought a z-index:775 to a z-index:1000+ fight.
is Glick Kosher Foods.
great to hear!
I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!! How's that?
Whatever five downs guys.
nah I told him "ok well when you come Sunday I want my $25" he owes me for a cake I bought mommy lmao
This is the fourth day of exams! Hollins you are going to do great. Good Luck! I am thankful that everything has been going smoothly.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Agreed. RT : Keep prizes brand centric to engage the appropriate audience for your brand. Generic iPad giveaways suck
How about a MFA loan combined with a Section 184 Native American loan and a 2/1 buydown. Wow! The possibilities! CHFA in Colorado!
“: Tebow time? False. Tebow is located nowhere on a clock, analog or digital.”
wah, feel better! I miss you:(
Joining #GWR2012 vicariously via Twitter (prior engagements)--you have my full support in any case!
Saw a floating dollar trick. need to obtain magicians thread. Must anger strippers at Filth & Disgrace.
knowin that this is my last year makes me sad but knowing my family & friends have taught me life lessons for the real world makes it better
nice! Thanks for the 411 man.
the sorry ass excuse of "it's not you, it's me"
Looks like no blood no foul in affect in Denver...I like it.
hey im following may i please be in the book?
its more that and I haven't had the talk of it we are making it official yet
Happy Birthday Aaliyah..
Some seats still available if anyone wishes to attend (I'm in DC area). www.GlennGary.com Mention we are twitter buddies..
hell i aint like other ppl you better follow me back
Fastest prompt response yet! :) We gave you some link love. Thanks for participating, Sarah!
thanks mike -DavidETE-
you put the awe in our some. cant do it without ya!
RT "Don't wait. The time will never be just right" ~ Napoleon Hill
'Wednesday is the olive in my week'... #CCDSips tonight!
Thanks for the favorite. I love all the Bulgari scents!
like how u went around football.let me know which D1 recruiter wants a 19YO 2nd year senior&Ill show u ur seat on the bench
smh.how do these songs get on radio? want to hear good music? watch an indie film
What are you guys listening to on this fine Saturday afternoon?
which is lovely :-)
Checkout the work of yours truly :-) and many others...
Don't laugh too much....I'm gonna help YOUR Dad get on Facebook next time I see him!
GoodMorning so tired :)
We have connections issues at the AT&T Center and therefore Spurs Game Night React will be canceled for tonight.
Good to see you tonight! We all need to be looking at what's next. Talk soon.
I bet you love him a lot huh?
Hello again #OKC goodbye again.
Mo, hope the knee is not serious. Best Wishes.
#iabaudio speak up agency folks! Very smart women from Deutch LA ready to roll
Bizarre. The article mentions that geckos are purchased for fighting. Who thinks this stuff up!!!!
you tweeted the wrong abel. haha its
I really should be working on AP European...but I'm not :)
Does all of this football talk on sports radio during #MarchMadness hack anyone else off...or is it just me?
Amazing Day!! My first Conference and I'm loving it! Will definitely be back next year
#brewers win!
It's time for THE KILLING. I am legitimately still on the edge of my seat from last week.
Followed you !
#nowplaying The Lengths by The Black Keys
The power of a play or film is in its subtext.What is going on between the characters that isn't being said?
great job Jim
better if it's billed too.
thanks for the follow! It's an honor. Big fans!
Getting ready to "turn it up a notch" on local news. Tune into CBS Channel 8 next week....King's back on the air - Early AM Weather.
Aww, thank you! Looking forward to tweeting with you.
Miss USA 2012 to be held on June 3 but it is still not confirmed that it'll be in Miami. #missusa 2012
Got you its style particular :p
Kobe did mess up Ricky. He did.
Just made a track for 's which drops in may. Download it guys I'll make a link later
I'm crying. I can't with my emotions.
#nw law and order
I would assume yes since William and Kate are Duke and Duchess and their kids would obviously be princes/princesses....
"Potential isn't a character trait....it's a fantasy."
what did you get done to your nails?
high school has to wear them too. So annoying
we can be one in our own minds. Haha
good its getting a bit difficult but ya boi arty wont give up ;)
aw well feel better soon lol
I can honestly say it's nothing but clothes in my closet.. No skeletons
Congratulations on everything! Saw your shout out on 106 the other day.
Lard might be alright in moderation- I just would not eat a lot of it
Darth Vader turned to the dark side after doing poorly on the Imperial Comprehensive Assessment Test.
#tarantula should be kept in darker area. No incandescents for heating - will dry out spider. Use heating strips below aquarium - 75-85 deg
To be fair to HSG and #FCD, a large portion of that weekly salary comes in the form of painting supplies & hair care products to Brek Shea.
Hah, one pivotal moment was drama teacher pushing me towards directing: "why be a brave when you can be chief?"
aww I'm so sorry bestie :( Were you close with her?
Resume: Watching The 49ers vs The Giants aka West Coast vs East Coast aka 2Pac vs Biggie aka Death Row vs Bad Boy aka Compton vs South Bronx
yeah he'll be okay.
Pair of poetry books offer fresh perspectives
hey Morgan - we ran out of holiday world tix a few months ago :( so sorry!
Austin is eating stew right now! RT if you like stew (;
80% of US populations live in cities and trend increasing… what is urban environmental education?
Mess with me, fine. Mess with my kids and expect a fire breathing dragon.
Listening to
Number one goal this year fuck a teacher !
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
#NP That Song by #Devils #Jerseybaby Hell Yeah!
Good thing Saturday is #FreeComicBookDay. You can try out a few of the free books, see if you like what's out there.
yes, assuming you pass, WUNT or Eerdmans style book?
standing desk, week 2!
I've been trying to get my film financed...I'm even trying kickstarted.com now. I normally wouldn't ask, but I need advice.
what up ?
Just saw two bums sharing a capri sun :(
lmao!!!! Ohh I forgot, an old flame hit me up yesterday with the hey my life is so great speech, turned into if I'm free.
:-) thank you Tina!
Bring your cam! :]
that's how I feel about tracking, too!
Student essay titled "The Crappy 1st Amendment." Too bad the content didn't live up to provocative title. Maybe it did.
I'm stronger than what I thought I was
Following and at the same time this evening is really bizarre.
Successful sports = exposure and donations for everything...
You're one of us! RT“: These cheese nibbling ... Spotted cow beer drinking hillbillies from Wisconsin are going to win this.....”
Location scouting!
Agree! It just interesting how families are changing educational priorities. I taught my parents how to use the PC.
Thanks for spreading the word, Matt!
the lone exception to the rule!
Creepy duck stares scare YOU??? LOL
So you guys should trend #Money because it's my English Beta's hash tag. He's trying to make it trend. It's hilarious during class.
I'm about whatever mayne
Understood. Need a title for the pinterest board for most horrible wedding ideas.
Victorian Sparks ~ Bo is very legendary fan of is absolutely amazing. She deserves best tweets & her icon.
Do you have the latest version of Acrobat? (Not sure if Reader let's you fill in forms)
I love being Natural! I can do a lot if different styles with my hair. Braids,afro& I'm going to crohet my hair next week.
I think Tim will bowl a 546 tonight! go Tim
its good my wallet got stolen & I couldent go shopping before I left the city. My 2 closets and dresser are full & i still have 2 boxes left
It would be interesting to see Trek done as a modern ensemble serial show.
how mean haha! RT : Some girl fell and I laughed ;~;
mad bc she is young...you almost there lol
do you resell used equipment?
Go Bubba Go!!!
I hate being accused for something I didn't do, it's like bitch don't come at me like that !!
Thank you for the #FF Bill, have a great weekend.
We're out waving to the fine folks of Baltimore, at the corner of North Ave. & Harford Rd. Honk, we'll be the ones in orange ;)
I be studying & tweeting at the SAME DAMN TIME
Fantastic meeting today in which I very nearly committed to embroidering slippers w/ dead rabbits and a hunting dog.
We just updated the landing page to include our concept video. We're paying someone to do a voiceover, so a new version is coming soon.
": Just registered for summer classes. Who's gonna tutor me in Algebra? Definitely not :)" solve for x : Fu(x)k you
I use to luv total...I started dressing like them lol
don't agree with much of what he wrote, but the movement being derailed/subsumed is worth watching out for
IDA needs volunteer videographer to shoot our events. Email for more info.
Amen to that Karinna!
Chin** su! Maybe he should shove so many tacos in his mouth that he can't speak he he.
y'all are #1 in my heart and many others as well! Now go on tour cause it's been way too long since my last concert! :)
where in the world are you?
well, now I just have to wait until October... only 5 months till next season
correct. :p
I have the choice to go to the beach next week RT : No matter what the situation, remind yourself “I have a choice.”
I am! held under lock and electronic key most days...what is your schedule now? I see you are making friends :)
lipgloss, pen, cellphone
I know I put more work than many into talks bc I write to speak & integrate visual cues. But I think it's worth it!
I'm traveling 2 Haiti w/ Habitat 4 Humanity 2 built 100 homes. I need $500 in donations by 4/24. Please make a donation....
''YOU GO THROUGH BOYFRIENDS LIKE I GO THROUGH TOILET PAPER''-Brie true statement... :)
yo man you downtown tonight?
I try to tell people of the vast info available through blogs, but finding the 1st to hook them is difficult.
Tunisia's transitions have benefited from a great degree of cooperation across party and ideological lines.
I hope murray gets to play missouri..that would be a good match up of two good point guards
that and it's Wednesday...
1. I hate Tumblr. Fuck Tumblr. Fuck it fuck it fuck it. I gives teenagers license to ridicule their own and it perpetuates hate.
Money in hand. is having a sample sale today & tomorrow.
Won't be much to follow since you said he died before getting a RT from Vargas!
Thrill seeking with a very fast pedicab down 5th Ave from Radio City Music Hall to Broadway.
Thanks love! Same to you! TGIF!
-- plus I like the Dickinsonishness of it: C19, am.
I don't know how many people afford such a watch, but there wouldn't be many to do that on Amazon!
ATTENTION to all SharePoint / .Net Developers and SAN Administrators - We have many job openings for you! For info. --->
Champagne & Chickenheadz go!!!
Ibanez has absolutely no chance against Motte
Thanks guys - so fun.
Design has a unique capability to cut through complexity. Karen Reuther opening
Low scoring game ... Favors the lakers
heehee...no thats gin not vodka..mommy's graduted to the good shit..
Really Wisconsin you had one timeout left
"Merry". What an archaic word. Except for this time of year. Nonetheless, Merry Christmas tweeters!
We are now have Potential.
that's a good song (;
Mama says "It's a girl" and she's NEVER been wrong!
MT #wmnhist for 1/11: bit.ly/g137p5 Read note about Alice Paul, whose legacy, like many white suffragists, is marred by racism.
Can my brain maybe just TRY doing one thing at a time? This whole constantly going in 8 different directions thing gets old.
it's hard for me to want only one women when there are so many others that make me feel good when i'm with them to
#HIRING #Payroll Manager in #TAMPA Will pay a referral fee $$$$ for the right candidate. email
A little cold, but doing well! You?!
That was my sister, You know what you said! Keep my name out your long-legged mouth!
start giving them points by grading each homework! I'm grading random problems each day...effort in hw was pathetic...not now!
But they #single they can do that lol RT Don't tell me your single trying to hook up when you still fuckin your ex.
keep the dream alive....
I misread your tweet as 'veg panda', which sounds amazing.
provides services in #Pittsburgh on weekends also...for clients busy during the week... Accommodating..
Last minute happy Mother's day to all mothers out there! Mine is an archaeologist in the Pacific Northwest
I think im gonna give boxing a shot....
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
The Wall Street Journal () reported that 94 percent of successful job hunters claimed that #networking made all the difference for them.
Nice, enjoy!!
This ritas ice just made my day!
Great coverage for #BlackHistoryMonth in
Decided to make Hunger Games (IMAX!) the first movie I ever went to alone and could not be happier with that decision.
We encourage "thinking outside the box" however, most teachers are trapped inside the box.
never bad when it feels good!
Yeah, I have been hacked twice and a billion messages have ensued. I am thinking of shutting down the account.
thanks so much!
Oregon has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
that's too damn long!! I need these movies to come out now!!
Told myself that you were right for me, but felt so lonely in your company
2 more games in the books + BNN stays perfect in broadcasting postseason games (5-0). My sideline reporting career lives another week
I've only seen one of the nine Best Picture nominees. Guess I've got some catching up to do.
I feel so bad playing games with this man...but um
Good morning sunshine.
What I would do with a year's supply of candy! (And just in time for me to start eating candy again!)
wise wise words.
Thanks for coming out last night everyone! Glad you liked the new songs!
Is it time for bed yet? I'm spent:)
yes sir! Thanks doll face, you know he's going to be at the sisterhood showcase right can not wait!
& no not every female deserves that goodness bc some are trife as fuck. #hoes &
doubt it. I dunno if we're still able to play.
Me and at his shoot
Increasingly often I end up eating the food that I cook for my 10-month old son. The pediatrician said it should be the other way round
RT : Damn... I'm feenin for some snappers< the restaurant or the fish???
yeah hahaah thanks(:
My hairs like Naah, I don't wanna curl today so I'll just look like a frizzy bird nest.
I'm all for tatts & piercings, but I draw the line at implants. Why get having 2 cubic zirconia shoved into the lower back? It can't be safe
Hi Scott! Good to see you! Did you ever have that barbecue salmon? Jealous.
did u heard Zayn went back home
FUNGUS IS FOR PUSSIES
fall weather brings me back to the #highschoolfootball game days -- I miss the adrenaline of warming up on the sidles with the
Nothings getting any better
Makin me nervous
I, too, will be ridding the land of snakes for St. Patty's day. See ya, cast members from most shows on BravoTV...
A Fielder's choice gets Weeks on base...Who's on 1st ?
RT CUTE WITHOUT THE E <U+266A>
The commercial where the car reads the email from his wife is the best.
The Sentinel teaches a simple lesson, "Just because you look like a monster doesn't mean you are a monster"
Whoops.. Nearly got on the flight to australia instead. Now THAT would be a problem
I fucking adore you.
I think I might just go to Bamboozle instead...
LOL NEVER! RT Easy Throwback should have left her love for the Nuggets in Denver!<<--YEAH RIGHT!
hahaha! There are a lot of good stores at that mall, you won't regret it
Never fuck with a guy who wears jeans to the gym
Writing this story as fast as my brain will let me. I love the rush of a deadline!
I guess I'm going to school late.. What a surprise lol
Based on the #MoxieCon tweets, I'm really bummed to have missed and Sara O'Mara. Their talk sounds great!
co owner here :)
Happy Mothers Day to all the Women that dropped they Kids off at Grandmas so she can go Clubbing last nite!
My English teacher seem like she on the rag! #CrankyAf'
Obama Administration Supports U. of Texas and Race-Conscious Admissions in an amicus brief << Good call!!
hot apple cider, a roaring fire, tweed and wool, rich dark colors
Posting a great giveaway tomorrow for Emergen-C Kidz...just in time for cold and flu season!
shout out to and for doin a great job on the video shoot BR coming soon to a theater near you
I'm sure if he did get gold, that might be interesting. Don't think he's quite capable of it though.
my MAN! It's always good seeing G! Ladies, note to self: stop acting like gangsters haha
You forget old school classics like "One on One" & "The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh". Not to mention "Blue Chips".
Congrats to and
I like it too..
Shes wearing some kind of dress with a big hat. I didnt even think it was all that weird...
i'm still in bed, lazyy me haha, u??
hahahaha. i wonder what he will think when he sees that...
Yes! Sorry for the delay in response! Send us (Sarah & Christine) an email at submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
Lovin' this VA weather!! I feel like I should be in my bikini!
The 10-year-old though The Three Stooges was hilarious. Everyone else, not so much.
thanks for sharing. Have a great day *
yeah, making a point, have no illusions of anything though
Fill in the blank: The best gift I’ve ever received was ______.
I thought I remembered a tweet from one of you organizing an A&M trip to see Tufte. (yep -- am at railsconf)
It's such a beautiful image. This is...so perfect! Their baby would be such a super star and gorgeous! Ah!
Sad to see these #JeffersonDavis twitter accounts that have been made are all inactive. Such an opportunity for education.
- Gracias por el seguimiento! (on set willfully being Spanish ethnicity para un video musical) :-) Have a great weekend!!
My favorite part about the new iOS 5.1 update? I now magically have 4G service.
If you dont Follow you a kid
my pleasure! We r all on this mission!
Antiquated #Yankees should not run aggressively.
This is the longest day of my life so far! The girl sitting beside me ate a bowl of shit b4 she left home. OMG!!!
<---- so addicted to Coca Cola...smh
Elderly people have slower hair growth and diminished hair density.
Come on, Dallas, let's do this!
Big and 1 by Lamb.
He's gonna be here in a few minutes
Someone please text me
: 10 team keeper league someone dropped colston do I keep britt for an 8th round pick or take colston for a 15th round?
What up bro. When u gone let me hear dat?
Im on a re-tweeting spree right now
goodnight world
she's like the ed hardy shirt of our generation = douche.
Who Remember that Bourbans and Lacs by Master P Though???
For those wondering I'm at a free aloe black show. This ain't no footrubbin music.
only because attempts to stop result in refs who are whistle happy
I'm loving TaiChi Sword class, what a workout!
brah shut up... the mavs go get this one and the next one.... then OKC go beat them in a game 7
Back still stiff and achy, but I can stand up straight so I'm going with it and am back at the office.
Male models at 2 o'clock!
Just had a Rabbi enter to win Momofuku cookbook.
shopping when hungry is definitely a huge problem of mine haha
exactly, imo, it was significant, think they hve news mike will go on a abnormally high # of visits? smart thinkg by the club
New collection! Papers of the wonderful Dr. Mary B. Dratman and her T3 and T4 thyroid hormone research. Unprocessed..
#CAA player of the year Ryan Pearson for #GMU: 4 points and 3 fouls.
Why is it when I like someone they are so far away
is your Mom moving?
I approve. Just sayin.
All booked for Paris in August! Let the countdown continue...
Even in the middle of a workout.
Welcome to my house party party.
Ok I'll DM you some info and just let me know when you can. Thx I appreciate it
I agree. Closest thing to celeb endorsement for Apple that I can remember was "I'm a Mac" commercials.
stuff like"Is your refrigerator running??" Thats just retarded. Also add a funny voice in there to make it believeable! :)
Diff btwn value chain and #foodhub? Value chain covers multiple points in supply chain. Food hub = one node responsible for agg/distro
no way! There are plenty of broke hard working virgin guys in college that would kill for those tube socks!
This Michigan and perdue game is actually pretty good
Go Phil!
just saying that i support u 100000000% evrywhre i go Even in school&im called a "dahvie vanity lover" ppl mean it in a mean way
“: You treated me like an option, so I left you as a choice.”
Ha, I get to get back in my bed until 1
Wow. Hey, super cool. For now, I'll stand outside BR2 for a few minutes (So I should leave the elephant?)
I just iD'd No Hurry by Zac Brown Band using
Did someone say you have an extra mumford ticket? I might know someone interested.
anyone of you can dunk? grab the rim at least? just wondering from today talks...
appreciate that brother!
understood...got to get a guy that can play Guard, Konz can't in the NFL...trade down...:)
Essex players couldn't receive a ball-in on PONIES with SPURS on!
may i get the ridge racer gold pass please?
Skins have had issues for much more than 1 season. To dump it all on Shanny is unfair. Give him another yr then we'll see.
on dat Big Pun Rite now!!!
Thanks for the twitter love Lorii!
ok i ate a full bowl of vegetables for dinner (yay ::sarcasm::) now if i can only do this "gym" thing ppl use to shape their bodies
Downtown San Diego <3
RT : Q4: I only need two - gps to identify my location, droid to phone home
he also threw the Alamo against the Texans
Very excited to see the final #RF11 lineup.
I highly recommend Dr. Dre's "Beats" headphones. Got the Monster Beats for Christmas. Outstanding for some1 online all day
If that's the case, he should play now. I don't believe that's the case. With time, it heals, to become less painful.
Idk where that's at, but Jessica told me that it's the apartments like right behind her house. And of course I will!
I check my horoscope at the end of the day just to see if it was right.
has #ChickenSwagge and has #AustralianSwagge, so does that mean has #MiniAustralianSwagge? :)
im not a ginger lol
Me too. Actually I don't want to keep him just bloody him up and send him home.
citizens arrest, citizens arrest! ;)
Lakers got killed early like a black guy in a horror flick smh
Don't be scared of a #socialmediacrisis. Just be prepared. Thanks for great session
#losemynumber If I lost yours..........
The #nfl is releasing a monthly magazine next year. Maybe the shod also release an annual VHS highlight tape too. #
Seriously. : #NecessaryLuxury? RT : Hermes panda beanbag! Made out of recycled hermes leather, sold in nov.
Garnett really should've got Most Improved Player this yr in my opinion. He's playin out of his mind.
nyc looks so pretty at night
Haha yep, you called that one. predictible
I WOULD TOO. I'D LIKE DIE IF ANYONE AT MY SCHOOL FOUND OUT ABOUT ED.
Just got sucked into LIVE TWEET REACTION TO THE EXPENDABLES 2 TRAILER
Bold, sexy, and confident <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
NOLA is getting a Now it will really feel like So-Cal!
Nobody is stuck in a "Fitness Protection Program", you've been hiding too long! Get up, get out and get moving!
Lol I just barely ate breakfast and it's almost 12:00(:
John Jones or Rashaad Evans? Vote now
When you make a mistake, don't look back at it long. Mistakes are lessons. The Past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
The you shold continuously play the Ragaen video were says the same thing Verbatum what Pres. Obama is saying abt buffet law.
I am so jealous of right now!
that makes two of us
Getting you>
": wheels set in motion to bring #IndyCar/#ALMS to If it happens it'll be a great wknd"
couldn't agree more! RT : "Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world." - Marilyn Monroe
I went w/ olive oil and salt. Will try it your way next time.
thank you very much for all the morning #FF's. really appreciate it tweeps
HELLO TWEETIE PIES! I HOPE YOUR ENJOYING YOUR HUMP DAY!
Off with Zimmerman's head!!!!!
Kurt Thomas is playing like he forgot to watch The Price Is Right today.
Seriously, I love Nickelodeon. A lot.
And joi....we need an outing real soon my peeps
That may be the only hazard, hazardous to the pocketbook! ;)
Oh no, nothing I do is as important as what he does.
uses comics, video to increase geo-political, environmental + fiscal literacy to stimulate offline action
People are clearly still enjoying the drinking weather. Lotta empty seats showing up on the cameras.
At the Subway in Hyde Park and spotted Rays pitcher #davidprice next to me in line. Dang he's tall.
MT Experience a Sunday afternoon w/music that inspires, heals & uplifts...Join us 3/27 @ 3pm for
send me a pic of u to my phone
Damn that shit was sour fav lOl RT“: I Gots a dumb behind cousin y'all ! ”
It's kind of fantastic
Just finished working out and I am a stanky mutha...shut yo mouf
Watching Switched by birth !!!!!!!!
burned 258 calories doing 49 minutes of "Walking, 3.5 mph, uphill"
Just sat through my 2nd CGI migraine this year- Apes tripping out in San Francisco. Still not as bad as Autobots destroying Chicago though.
my mama goes to college
An apple a day keeps the Sbux away! RT : Apples are better than caffeine in the morning to help u wake up
RT In light of the Ashton Kutcher PopChips scandal, I feel obliged to confess that in my AmEx spots I am also wearing brown face
it is what it is
And I was just building on it, & extending the way airports 'feel' part--especially how they 'feel' in books.
You text me. I text back. You don't text back. I send another text. You answer an hour later.
Who wants a follow back ?:)
I have a Promzilla on my hands. That is all.
Nees is the BMF behind the guy
CABIN IN THE WOODS!!!! LOLOLOL!!!
haha this made me laugh at my phone & im outside so everyone around me probably thinks im a freak now haha o well
Fuck them basketball games
So much jewelry to make! + Scheming up dreamy plans for a larger than life photoshoot collaboration in the near future!
OMG! Thanks Bby ;) What time is it in your country????
If your heart is true then I'll be with you Cause it's you that I adore And we both know I loved you more
Idol starts next week
Ms. Neal is such a creeper... and it's probably entirely our fault.
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
Dang what the heck am I doing.
why aint u sleep
RIP Gil Cates
it says its goin to be below freezing with rain, not a good combo. Its safe to expect it bud
i heard you made out with a hot dog
just found out i have a euro packet due tomorrow
the difference between genius and stupidity, is that genius has its limits.
Stick some dental floss in your purse or glove compartment for emergencies!! www.kravitzdental.com
Hope everyone had fun at german fest!
lol yeah! I didn't even think twitter hackers existed. Who knew! :)
No..I am a mudblood! LOL
About to interview about $100 million additional funds saved through retiree health care reform
Sourdough has feelings, too. I feel the same about my kombucha baby.
AAAAAHHH..pretty cool huh? What magazine is that?
wow lemme guess it was a tall negro who so happened to rob the churches chicken on the west side.
rid of him. I did it. but my nephew is heartbroken. I am so confused. I love my mother and love my nephew. why am i always being put
Would it be so wrong to eat spicy chocolate cheesecake (from #Nashville's new Urban Grub) for breakfast? I thought not.
That sounded fun !:D
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!Not interested,but know someone who is? We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com
Wanna make ur dreams come true wake up
Be careful if you buy a venus fly trap, it might grow up and eat Steve Martin
Coffee Ice Cream???
Gonna get my nerd on.. About to see The Avengers at LA Live.
it is
Danm man.. I shouldve just gave my hours for today.. I'm so out of it
Very much looking forward to getting together again (& eating my Max Brenner's leftovers for lunch)
you're the man TJ! <3
Can't wait to get out of work and kiss & cuddle my mans
wish we were there!
When did this new Brandi Carlile single come out? Because, I like it! Does this precede a new album, perhaps? :D
Attempting to interpret the meaning of tweets that you don't understand only offers further misunderstanding.
doubtful at this point.
YOU WOOD MY MY LIFE IF YOU CLICKED MYFOLLOW BUTON. I WOOD BEE SO HAPPY! (: #NEVERSAYNEVER ITS POSSIBLE
I hate my Monday schedule. So happy this is the last one!
Spaghetti with smoked ham, farmstead cream, hazelnut, parsley & montamore
Naa you're alright babe <3
Doug Thomas - College has become a game called "Guess what the professor wants". Lol.
had a good time with family yesterday...
Kobe, LeBron, Durant, Wade, Chris Paul is my top 5, in no particular order
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould set up college funds for my niece and nephew, and my baby who is due next week. Help my mommy, sisters, & brother. <3
THE PICKLE finishes principal photography today! We're getting closer to where we need your help! Spread the word!
Time for
I'm not a musician. only goes for musicians...oh yeah, and Hulks.
Hi Mr.Brandon I'm a big Bills fan. I humble have the "Holy Grail" of personnel profiling using birth dates.May I contact you?
for the same reason you're studying at King's to prepare for teaching 4th grade students poetry and American History.
RT : Today in OK: An F5 Tornado, a 4.7 Earthquake, and 4" of rain causing flooding in many areas.
you have to appreciate the realness in ppl stop being so dang sensitive
The old VHS of Cast a Deadly Spell is hard to watch. A lot of red haze. Despite the visual style effects not holding up I still love it!
I'm sorry
Julia's power-suit has made all the difference today
I really appreciated the phone call! Thanks!
Do u know what would make my day??? If would follow me!!!!!
Well you better shape up cuz I need a man and my heart is sent on you.
congratulations on your PhD Rob
i meant whales, you know like the things that swim in the ocean and that have a tongue that weighs more than an elephant.
Does anybody know when the all star weekend is?
Dreamt I was having dinner with a 300lbs+ man with bad flatulence, woke to really bad cramps. Oh Macaroni Grill you know how to treat a man.
danks Pak we need to do a jam soon one love player
Hey there you big ol hairy, no drivin, no talkin, Hee-Haw lookin pervert!
What a dick.
No place is catastrophe-immune, we need to prepare early and prepare well. Ready the family to survive in style at FastPreparedness.com now!
Videogames teach cooperative learning and use of collective knowledge to achieve objectives - skills highly sought in the real world.
since when??
GM twitch =)
nah they're checking my knee not head... Lots of things inconclusive about my head.
Ready to learn about #genealogy projects around Indiana
Important interview today, folks. I'll take good vibes if you send 'em.
Lol i kno i cant tho RT : u need to be sleep don't u
Nothing says Crazy Cat Lady like using your Cuisinart to make tuna & cat food puree....FOR THE CATS...a friend I know does this...honest!
My professor just said that he used to own an airplane. That's crazy!
congrats on the New Gig. My KC guys will take you to the top, Just like D. Green. You cant go wrong in Kansas City.
Thanks for following me! Have a beautiful day :)
Our first time live is just EPIC ;)
Getting ready for tonight (;
FOLLOW YA BOI!!!! , AND I WILL RETURN THE TWEET!!!
You talked a lot about space/architecture today. Let me know if I (as UVa's Arch librarian) can ever help!
I'm down bro! What you doing today. Skate sesh?
You are perfect, don't let anyone tell you different.<U+2764>
CG lash perfection!
Happy New Years!<3
Please let this be the start of something good.
Jamming to christmas music in office! Tis the season!
CA community colleges to receive less funding due to lower property taxes than expected in CA.
"They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself." —Andy Warhol I Moment of Happiness
Andrew Cotto is stopping by tonight to read and discuss his new book, Outerborough Blues from 6:30-8pm, don't miss it!
Mark, thanks for the +k on
Hello, Johnny!
thanks for following me!:))
Live tweeting from #UChicago #JimCrow symposium. Literature and history of period. In solidarity with
Looking forward to more of the (x)architects series on the blog--highlighting innovators in in an innovative profession.
Excited to sing for APU's Shenanigans tonight! Hope to see all our APU friends there!
Oh where oh where has real music gone, oh where oh where can it be??
Thanks, Rick!
Fountain Hills Realtors, Thanks for having me speak to your organization this morning. You are each an important part of our Community.
RT : RT : Q5: Visibility is a critical step toward accessibility.
Big Harold is bored and driving me crazy. Hurry up and heal stoopid leg.
You know what niggas got the wrong goals in life...
Is it Thursday @ 3pm yet? Please hurry trade deadline!
lil guy? wth Alan lol. i don't know how to reply to what sergio said, but get off mark sanchez's level lol
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Tortilla. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.”
Did everyone have a good week? Hope you have an even better weekend ;) I'll be on , as usual!
Caps Weather Hurricanes 4-3 (OT)
follow me sis i gotta get mine together <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i miss you kid :c
The Voice coach and Good Charlotte's Joel Madden part of Song Summit 2012 at ... - The Daily Telegraph
I sliped a roofie into ORANGINAS beer, but that Dummy took her drink and got roofied that day.
I just finished a 8.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#superbowl EPIC GAME
My state of mind is all fucked up
I'll coach the Bobcats! I've always wanted to get my hands dirty w/ the DLeague!
I don't even know ..why what's up?? RT : wth you doing tonight
I think we're well past the point of caring what Ted Nugent has to say about anything.
We just finalized the date for our Employer Information Symposium - save the date October 27! Leg & Reform, Group Benefit Update & WELLNESS!
The past is the tomorrow that got away.
up-fucking-set !!!!!
I am so drunk right now.....
Quack. QUACK. Qu.
Can blind people see their dreams?
Hanging out with Bob Ryan. Definitely one of the coolest perks of my job.
No matter where you have been or what you have done Jesus forgives and forgets it. So stop living in the past and move forward in peace
I'm playing some bingo in austin! What's everyone up to?
Wish I couldve seen ogre do smothered hope with ministry.
#ThingsILookFor good personality!
so cool! Where was this?
Today is National Margarita Day. While I can appreciate the sentiment, what the heck are our lawmakers doing?
yeah, the chirping birds this morning told me as much. Just as well. But you know how I feel abt these things ;-)
Congrats sir!
follow me please ?? :)
I so don't want to get out of bed....
Happy Sunday! Hope you're all having a great one.
First time for everything. Burn. :) RT : am waiting for a good article this offseason!!! Come on Greg!!! Lol JK
Thanks! I look forward to following your posts, as well.
Thanks for the RT! : Cool!!!!! RT I just photobombed Steven #Spielberg in #rva on the set of #Lincoln!
u have officially made me mentally unstable. It's all good though ill just sit here in a corner and rock back and forth. Sobbing.
its ok, u got me(:
I should probably unpack my dishes that have been sitting in this box for 7 months.
Malfatti with sage, brown butter, chanterelle and pecorino-roman. That is what's happening tonight.
Banks open
Omg so happy. They actually won.
yeah, something like that haha
This Rangers game is making me unpleasantly anxious...
Happy Weekend, everyone. I'm ready for some poker tonight.
theres the full routine posted on my channel 1dmobchicago check it out!
Migraine for 3 days. Seeing crooked pain beyond belief. Peace to yall. I will be back around this way soon :))))) stay chrome!!!
Who's excited to see us on the 15th with ?!
Have you ever heard of that Waterless Shampoo? Would be excellent for Warped Tour! (:
Looking for a Miracle. Expect the Impossible. Looking for the Intangible. I've seen the Invisible The sky is the limit to what we can have!
Dear , go get divorced again.
Thank you to all WFUV members who helped us to reach our fundraising goal.
A big congrats to #Jennifer Chin and #Carrie Hoffnagle for their awards at the Laumeier Sculpture Park Art Fair in St. Louis last weekend!
Ok I am getting really excited about this app.......
413 unread emails in my inbox this morning...lovely.
I'm there now haha
For the love of money baby
Tiranne An Ass For That. Lmaoo.
said that you aren't the IT factor. You are the Shit factor.
Ah thank you for pulling my friend in your car. Definitely made her going crazy all worth it.
Exit Poll: Louisiana voters likened it to choosing between hemorrhoid surgery, root canal, bone spur removal, or dropping a tv on your toe.
what's up punk, oh I mean plunk.
Today I'm grateful for work, for being able to support myself with a valuable skill. While many still struggle, I count my blessings.
the big bad wolf
Oh holy HELL Crisis:Slight Water Damage 2012 is in full effect! In-laws (separate visits) and Ogden maint. BTW Final paper due tomorrow AM!
Me neither. No one needs to know I'm on the rag.
ahahaha. It sounds dumb
But it's not free. Fluke is asking for free contraceptives. That's why people are questioning her motivation.
A heck of a lot cuter than I am today, that's for sure. I am so jealous of my baby self. Haha.
When's the next conference. Might make sense to find my way there!
makes a gr8 point, only ones aware of #uwethics are either here or know someone here. So how far is Twitter really reaching?
Why limit to only 46? Should have included all the great SM people in Indy from the start.
Nothing better than a day of house work and practicing singing Glee songs :)
Down, like all winter clothing, should be cleaned before storage. Then should be stored loosely to allow for air circulation.
WOW! I was one of tha people tha had tha highest grade on our Science test! :) #ProudOfMyself ™
Haha "Who Brought Honey With No Pancakes"Hahaha
So glad you're coming! It will be such a fun event.
RT - Jacksonville at Buffalo Saturday night is a pick-em game. The Jaguars must be bad.
Latin word of the day: COITUS
meet fusion, flamenco, reggae - international #Cumbia!
Hope you had a great time tonight and didn't get rained on. Can't wait to see the movie this weekend!! Woo-hoo!!
Middlebrooks is a
always tastes better when you walk past subway to get there
Are you asking about or me? Me: Black vest, black shirt, glasses, also rockin' a fashionable scarf :)
Incredibly fortunate to be working with some amazing talent lately! Ready to create some magic tomorrow!
Gain one lose one..
Gasol is very soft.
Looks like this might be a PRSA party to remember.
1500 words on "formatting a manuscript." It doesn't get any better than this. ;-)
Going to LA in May for work.. is it weird I'm the MOST excited about trying there too!?
Still wondering if I should jump on the G+ bandwagon. Still mostly in the "dont give enough of a fuck yet" stage of decision making though
Paper Heart yesterday, Trees Lounge today. Look for reviews on the new & improved site soon!
what are we going to LA for?
happy birthday<3 hope you had the best day ever! love you<3 <U+E418><U+E106>
"they don't like practice, doing drills, running plays." uh, and that's cool with you brooks? okay.
any possible way you might consider a designer in LA? Relocation isn't in the cards but modcloth is!
Hippocrates said “Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.”
just shhhhhh now (:
Hi, I'm interested in participating in your podcast. I have an anti-bullying film, "FRIENDS, screening April 28 @ 11am
I say me and you ball one day ? ;D I got hyperfuse . <U+2661>
Most surprising development of the day: 69 Dems, including Clyburn and Larson, back Keystone-highway bill, which drew Obama veto threat.
- then Natasha must be THE QUEEN! She has the arms of MANY! haha!!! :-)
Doesn't matter how many times you show people that psychics and mediums are not so "special". Folks want to believe they're powerful.
asset manages all of the global information with one search box and no user manual. -Mark Lemmons of
lmao uh oh RT : Kick rocks with an open sore with an open toe shoe on... lmao
Do you need a fellow princess's help picking a place?
yes for sure! When do you leave?
You can lock down notifications, which I did. But is having first-line control over group memberships too much to ask? Appears so.
Yea. Ima try ta update it too
“ Who still argues and keep up beef? Check that hoe and KEEP IT MOVING.”
Katy Perry performing at the Oracle Arena this coming Wed (11/21-7:30pm)
495 and 93 up here are ruthless, I feel your pain.
Woke up from a dream where Gene Simmons and Ace Frehley came by the house and helped me vacuum.
Thanks for the #FF!
RT :6 I see you missy.. keep pushing! <=== thx recognition is always nice! !!!!
Out to dinner with Alejandro, William, and my beautiful mother for the last time in a while. At least I'll have a home in New York City =)
Yup! RT : #HARP 2.0 is working! 95 percent of these loans do not require appraisal. Fannie or freddie backed mtgs prior to 6/09
I need #oomf to cuddle:'D
Thank you for following...interesting, my novel is titled, "Anything Is Possible"
follow Carmona Pictures. We loved your SPEECH tonight!!!!
Vancouver, right? I knew it!!
Holtby is swallowing everything. No rebounds for you.
well, Indonesia is already in his list. So I'm sure he'll do an Asia tour(:
I wore hot pink spandex and a zebra sports bra today JUDGE ME
Power outage <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Agreed. It's called risk tolerance. Problem is we don't know what the risk/reward calculation is for this one
Really been old
Don't defend yourself. raising children is a full-time job
#smcrva use video to enable beneficiaries to thank donors publicly
Anybody with a camera in their hand is not a Photographer! What do you know about ISO, Aperture, Image Stabilization, Vignetting?
Shot out to Carol and Mark from Robert Speed for Sample Rate!
Up, up, and away
Think before you tweet
Loading the car to head to Service at 10AM. You should come!
omg becky look at her butt. TOUCHE!!
RT : WSJ: "Muslim man sentenced to life in prison" How about for all crimes we now list person's religion, not just for Muslims
we love being a #Guacstar!
Bret, thanks so much. My play "Falling Awake" will be in the Midtown International Theatre Festival this July.
Headed home to spend some time with my fiancé before she leaves outta town tonight for the weekend
Happy valentine day FB. Come get some Valentine InK, From InkDaCity.
Wat you treat me like a bitch fa? Do i do the same? Oh well...case closed!
I will do anything even make a fool of myself on stage don't care please please please!!!
Lol Oh that's cool! :)
what are you waiting on?
LOL. Yes, we have all kinds of allergies and genetic autoimmune disorders in the family as well. My poor kids.
$75BOTTLES AT BROADWAY BAR ON FRIDAY!!... NO COVER!!FREE FOR EVERYONE... Ladies 18+ Gentlemen 21+ THIS FRIDAY!Body Art show coming Aug 27th
WEE i do need something. I need a dip!-.- lol SIKE!
all gone
So, in the interest of putting what you want out into the universe, my hands down, dream pick for producer of our sophomore album:
I'm with you. Video disturbing to be celebrating him like that. Sure we don't know everything,but pep rally scene over the top
if you're a music snob, you'll appreciate it. It's really short and easy to read. I definitely suggest it!
w/out u id be alone masturbating in a corner thx 4 being so great
people crack me up...sittin here gettin hype about nothing...needc to move on with my day and go the hell to work and stop worryin
Thank You
#milwaukee This weather is outstanding! "One tree can absorb as much carbon in a year as a car produces while driving 26,000 miles"
Now that the rush of Christmas gifts to agents has passed - maybe distinguish yourself with a Valentine's day gift?
We're looking for actors and actresses for filming on June 25. Several parts. $100 for the day. 20s-30s.
So glad I don't have to take the west test this year..
can you follow me?? :)
well, you didn't hear it from me, but... Yes.
Lol I'm already out as of last Thursday HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BELOW THE BRIM just connected with Thought Co for possible business venture.
Cannot wait til I get home to blaze up.
Reading "Rin Tin Tin" now in case I meet author Susan Orlean at the Tucson Festival of Books.
If I got hella buff, learned mui thai, sliced a knife across my chest, and shaved my head. I whould be like sagat from street fighter
falling asleep with my window shades open and getting woken up by the sun at seven in the morning
umm yall better not leave me here!
About to head out to the meeting Tonight's going to be too sick!! Knifeparty starts @ 10:30pm, Don't be late!
Can i help you with this paqe ? I just really love RNG!
good question & I would like to see others in twitterland answer Mine is twitter but am becoming fond of Google's addition to the market
Sitting next to a lady feeding the pigeons in the park. Realizing the distinct possibility that I'm seeing my future life.
Full moon tonight- who's ready?
I thought those were nice sized breast on your profile pic but then I realised that they was your knees.DAMN :-(
Because it took like two seconds, and I thought it was pretty funny.
Okay, fess up, who took my keys.
I'm at bottom of 312
Just looked up the nutritional content for falafel and nearly fell out of my chair. 20g of fat?! Yowsa.
I'm so in love with Hayley Williams :)
victor halls. Poured for a good hour. Still had a fun time tho
:( Sad... would be great to see you again! Hopefully $$$ will fall down from heaven :)
I just discovered your magazine today. I love it.
Deffff need a Skype sesh with all my family in Spain. Miss them like no other!
Got some more shows in the works, another great practice and we are ready to go! Who is coming out to see us April 23rd?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! <U+2764>
You'll be in San Fran, I take it?
thanks lovey! I can't wait to see y'alls in full make up and wardrobe!
I'm confused at what Lady Gaga is trying to be.
“: will do! Wish u could! Fuckkkkedd up” I know I did. It's my bad. Next week?
you forgot the "A long time ago..." LOL
And all those who attend will receive a “Free Drink" ticket for future use!
what is this from or for?
Pretty pumped bout Monday..goin to dollywood,the Hollywood wax museum n chow down at hard rock all with my girl friend..yea I love her!
just smells like it. I think he is rotting from the inside out. He has lupus. Poor Pasta. I think he needs some more teeth pulled
At the #CHRA2012 conference!
When people ask me, `Plz` because it`s shorter than `Please`, I tell them `No` because it`s shorter than `Yes`.
hope you don't mind my plugging your film on SM. I think it's well deserved. (read: don't you dare pull the post down :!)
Mike Brown is a great guy though, he just got that aura of a cool ass coach...but I'm a #LakerHater4Life so I can't say shit lol
hosting tip via Bill Geddie “Don’t look for affirmation from the audience ... half the country is cheering you on from somewhere else.”
Happy Wednesday! Really tired this week but getting my second wind.:-) How are you doing?
thank you so much for sharing our blog post!
So true! "Possible moral of the #Girls episode: Robyn heals all wounds. Second possible moral: so does Twitter." via
Thx for having & me. Look fwd 2 meeting up more!
You've done enough and you are enough
What do you know about the future of NXT?
Thursday night is the Reno WordPress Meetup group at 6pm! If you use, developer or design WordPress, we hope to see you there!
I was the only one in the room who cheered for that touchdown. I guess I'll never get football.
You resume should not have 36 bullet points for one job, nor should you include all the fundamental crap that is to be assumed.
kk and am I still in vid I sent mine in a week a go
for the project? I'm just doing a poster on poseidon.
Michael has encyclopedic knowledge of music.
Okay I've not even been at work 3 hours and have already made my sales for the day.
“: LilGirls These Days .”
#So #what.the.fuck I #hate #being #bored. #at #a #very #bored PrincessCiera
American Idol won't be the same without Colton. I hope my girl Skylar Lane wins. She's a <U+2730>!
Can I use you as my personal scout? I want to know the places to go and what to skip when we go next month!!!
yeah, something with your logo etched into it would be pretty easy to make
#WeCantDateIf You Smoke.
"LOL, you actually BUY music? Hahahahahahaha"
If I won the lottery the first and only car I would buy would be a Toyota Yaris
I miss you too! I love you more Honey Bun!
Scream is a slasher from top to bottom. Cabin starts that way, ends very differently.
Thanks so much for following!
You said, you are the oppressor, thus the reason you will ALWAYS use Ni**a/Ni**er? It's hard to tell if you're serious.
Just when you think you're finished moving, you realize now you have to unpack.
Why settle for less when you can have it all.
RT Stop in for a quick chili cheese hot dog for only $4 during the Brewers game today! Starts at 12:10 so get out of the office!
Just finished 's Rin Tin Tin bio, the first book I've read thanking twitter followers in the acknowledgements. Books these days.
RT : “The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.”
I HAVE ONE TOO<3 its on my left side (:
Bo to for this: "Williams has come to love living in New York City (who can blame him after all those years in Utah?)"
Shades of "The Adjustment Bureau"
So my English teacher has connections to the Jonas Brothers...
sorry for the late reply btw, for some reason I never got a notification of your tweet!
Innovative QuickLift® Mini Facelift Procedure Now Available in Syracuse
Its some dirty people in this world
taking this late lunch out on a gravel road and into the country. i'll find a spot to admire nature and food <3
We saw your makeup mishap tonight & want you to know that artist was NOT from our company!
follow my bro i made his twitter... lol
yep! Canada! Damn u! Way too far to drive
Do you think Edward scissors hands died because he was running?
Team Milk Studios!!..see you tonight camera in hand of course ": Come thru its outside and free at The Standard hotel 8pm
theres things going around that u got drunk i hope thats not true but for now im no longer a belieber.
Good! I'll be rooting for you, thinking of you, hoping for you on the rough days, too.
Is Bowe off the table? Argh!
Congrats to , the newest committer to
we're all guessing the age of the old woman (per her request) sitting at the front of the 79.
I See How You Tweet People Saying "I Love You" Can I Be One Of Those Lucky People? :)
it really does.
So good!!! “: RT this if you just saw Blaine and Cooper Anderson sing "Somebody That I Used To Know" on #glee!”
Alright after New York, my wedding and Bali Indonesia, my month of fun is over. (sigh) Now back to work
ouch... late night with the Irish lads and lasses last night. Thank God alcohol was not involved. ;-) I blame and
wearing black today,I'm unhappy,wearing it until I move out of this house,living here makes me suicidal,what color reps suicidal more
RT: 82% of Americans would rather buy a cause-related brand!! --via
Ima wake up early and see what I can accomplish (:
Who knew that was a softie? Very down to earth -- love him as the new coach on
having to bring my clothes to the laundromat cause my dryer broke is so not the business...
"Oh my gosh your speakers just tickled my butt"-
We could probably do brunch too. Nutella pizza? Swoon...
bored as hell
woah. if you are talkin about the east side in nyc you are 100% mistaken.
that's probably why . Ugh I hate it!
Thanks for your fabulous blog post! Looking forward to reading more :)
Long, dragging Monday - now for the fun stuff: pilates then #Bachelor with and cray cray Courtney
Marlon Byrd got traded to the BoSox today :( I'm going to miss him. Such a sweet dude. Hope he busts his slump and tears it up in Boston.
Loving all the enthusiasm about me and at prom. Thanks, , for posting and helping me pick out my dress!
Tomorrow I should necessarily begin studying 4 my oral exams.
Twitter[dot]com is a bear of a resource hog.
My two cents: Gillian Flynn is ah-may-zing. LOVED Gone Girl. Just read it this week!
Boys <--Piss me off.
Golden Girls!
I rather replace my dead patnaz 4 u sleepy ass bumzz#lazy fuk$$$$
You aint about this life!
If your not going to give money to a panhandler just keep your mouth shut & ignore the person. Anything else makes you a douchebag.
I am still doing spring cleaning. I am not answering phones or emails till I am done. Started last night at 9 pm..almost done.
#nrb12 I blocked I just don't need to hear it.
That's crazy!' two goals in stoppage time!
I meant I'm gettin painted not Jerry! 11pm at Hydrate
and it's a hell of a lot better, than being 100% happy without someone to show us that there is a world of a difference
It is what it is and you can't try to make it into something its not.
"Let us remember that within us there is a palace of immense magnificence". -St. Teresa of Avila
Wake up call for my first day of shooting courtesy of Bay Area fault lines.
lol u got lucky today in P.E...thats y u almost beat me in basketball
Up next: #UNM Law school dean Kevin Washburn on Indian sovereignty and other important #Native issues in
#MyPastRelationships included a boy who messed around with a good frian of mine.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you. RICHARD
aright. are you able to do a gig with us on saturday around 1 in the afternoon?
let me guess you got Floyd?
#resume #tips Be careful of job scams on Craigslist and other places that offer jobs without an interview.
"Spread your wings and fly as today was your last Give yourself what you never did before own it.....its your time now!!! -Tsikki
i hope you get better :) take a long walk, to get fresh air.
On break at #tedxhuntsville meeting all the great presenters and attendees
Drunken idiots combined with a bonfire is a recipe for disaster.
I do not remember that text mi RT : yea mih sure. U was there smiling at me tf? Lmfaooo. ...
Animals are my friends... and I don't eat my friends,
MT : Literacy used as a gatekeeper for credibility - not having background, language (literacy), to participate -
Spending my late afternoon Feel like I'm in good hands to rehab my shoulder.
Lost power for a few hours in the middle of the night, made me remember all of the things I like doing with electricity.
Watching Saved By The Bell
Thanks for visiting--hope you had a wonderful lunch.
I love 5 Guys Burgers <U+E022>
HARRY STYLES
While we're at it: fuck hiccup remedies too.
sucks well I passed with a B :)
#mudmelt Lena: moved by Joan bringing mAterials from all over world together, putting in front of us. Has made her thnk of location.
Just got out of Planet Fitness
say hi to for me!
My pleasure Hugo. Glad the book is proving useful.
When girls are in the field trying to soak it up, then it starts to pour down rain.>
Wanting to fall over. When did four-day work weeks become so exhausting?
RT : Congratulations, Jim &Team:)
FUCK IT ALL.
Vacations are necessities, not luxuries. ~ Linda Bloom
RT : Writing is long periods of nothing followed by long periods of longing followed by periods.
When are you coming to Minneapolis???? My husband taught our 1 year old to say "Dad I want cereal"
When God gives u a KING or QUEEN don't reshuffle your deck of cards for a JOKER! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><U+2764>
no CO dates?!?
yeah, who needs their big boobs and flat stomaches anyway? Oh wait....
As a business owner, we refuse to get anymore bank loans &/or credit-lines - not a responsible way to run a successful business
smooth. very smooth. (;
House bound in bed ... So just watched a movie tonight.... Hugo.... OMG. Loved it!!! :D
Bye bye Hollie! p.s want the jumpsuit
hmm i think you're biased...
Decisions.... decisions!
u have the same birthday as my dad!! friday the 13th people rule!!
Jackson State University And The PVAMU Marching Band To Compete In Exhibition @ The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston 1/16/10
Iced Americano with White Mocha tastes especially wonderful this morning
You know your a belieber if u have over 10 posters of the biebs
i've never had so many avocados in my house at once. there's this guy on kanan who sells 10 for 5 bucks. and they're GOOD
The events unfolding in Egypt are remarkable and could have a profound impact on the region and the world. Are you following it?
WOW! Really?
I made it out this morning so hopefully you'll be good! Fingers crossed.
ladies if he want to leave let him go....one mans lost is another man treasure
the background of your twitter profile is a little obsessive don't you think? is going to have to buy you one soon.
I hope azarenka is truly injured and not trying 2 avoid serena. When did she get injured?
People are funny today. Keep up the good social networking friends.
thanks for unfollow me
MY BABY! :c
still waiting?
where? Come drink.
Thank you, doll!!! I appreciate it!!! <3
Also the videos in that playlist only repeat "A Universe Not Made For Us" even though the title of the video changes.
Please Wish Your Mom Happy Mothers Day From Me (: If It Wasnt For Her I Wouldnt Have YOU<3 And YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING<333
Tomorrow's my bday
“: I wanna watch some bad reality TV tonight... Whats on??” Lakers vs OKC
Thanks, Shawn! ;)
Phones and email are back! We apologize if you could not reach us yesterday.
omfg yes! Jrkfebfnwoedixnfebgbeeejd going into overload. Too much to handle!
I absolutely LOVE the debates that take place on my Facebook page!
screw car shopping, i'm buying a new bike first!
42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Flashing lights outside stars in my eyes its always for the fame but it wont end up the same ;p lalalalala :)
m pie..rude! Guess we'll have to wait for Easter eggs then...
Dont forget november 24 will be live in concert inside makin plans now to be there!!!
taking it one day at a time, Optimism is never overrated
"Don't Ya" finished at Sine Studios, it's got even more of and edge. New version online soon. Mastering Demo Tuesday at Studio 4!
Henry Meier Festival Grounds. I used to watch Mayor Meier sing for Summerfest opening days when I worked on WISN/Ch. 12.
having a staged reading of my play at the end of the month -- coming up too fast! Aggh! need a valium
“When I thought I couldn’t go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck.” – Estee Lauder
Sorry, I am just floored that they would print such a wrong headline.
youre on the road to recovery.
It's been months. I still hate the new #Gmail. Why can't I see anything and it's impossible to scroll. Fix it,
Visual Art Supply in Normal Heights. The address is listed now. Sorry about that!
Boeing should start painting pigs on their wings.
Misconception #6 Teamwork is magical.
never believe a word i say until i prove that word
u gonna be at Allegria in Long Beach, NY this Thursday or what? I know some of the boys will be there!
Really wanna go to the skatepark but none of my friends are awake to come with me
No strings attached yea I like that ;)
Today is my 8 year #nyc anniversary! I love this city.
Obviously. You'd screen print it yourself.
RT : Fab gig last night from at - so good to hear Martland's Horses of Instructions again, such a...
MT #reprojustice advocates, why aren't we protesting outside CPC's? // Good question. We should be.
This announcer dude is f.a.f
26 yo Sean Warner may face new charges now that 14 yo girl he's accused of injecting w fatal dose of heroin has died.
Sanchez can think of the bright side....at least Terry didn't get him front on. That would of hurt!
Bow wow <3
2nd 5K went well but I think I overdid it. My body is really hurting and I'm not feeling well today. Ouch!
Hi, thanks for coming to the party !! Follow me back on here ! joey
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason -Buddha
Can't wait to take the top off the jeep
!!!! I love your speeches they are so inspirational AND your music! Thank you for following me! :-) Keep up the great work!
just more anti-ryno propaganda from a guy trying to sweep sandberg under the rug.
Joyce Long is trained in a multitude of different Massage techniques, which she has studied all over the world.
wow...see..people rarely go there huh..
"Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night."
that's cool! I took it in my "gifted" classes then in high school. Haha where are you from?
seriously.. they have just canceled everything interesting this past TV season.
The Mozambique Eyecare Project is an intriguing resource!
please welcome our trainers to twitter! follow!
cheer up kiddo.
I wanna do #jewstands instead of work:(
why the hell am i up so early?
Its Not Even My Birthday ! But iWann Lick The Icing Off !!
Anda el diablo now theres a cat in my house !
Just made the coolest quilt ever! Can't wait to show you all pictures. Photo shoot this afternoon...
Only 4 more followers to go! Our 143rd will win a FREE portrait of themselves drawn by our drummer. (he's very talented!.... seriously)
Where is the goddamn wrapping paper?
It was awesome!
Sometimes if something is not right, it doesn't mean that it is necessary wrong at the same time...
He is adorable :)
Shame on you and the rest of the management crew for ALLOWING such a fine Manager in #Francona to leave!
anxiety cat meme = me. Laughing so hard at these.
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause im not always with you. i have other friends.
I dnt think I've eva felt this kinda pain na I know how #oomf felt dam its just karma comin bck on me
playing black ops with Gaby and Fabian (:
cool...what time does she arrive?
U.N. condemns East Jerusalem eviction
RT : A true friend listens to you when you need it most, not just when it's convenient. ~ Deepak Chopra
Good morning all, have a great Sunday!!!
's looks So cute on the swings!!!!!<333
Some words, just the way they feel in my mouth, on my tongue, are so luscious they make me salivate.
It was such a fantastic time!!
what did you do now?!
lmao hahaha forreaaaaallll I like that you have that side of you a very caring person you can tell haha I was in good hands
killed it tonight at the academy of music, Phila! Encored w/ November fuckin rain. Plus mutlu & Brett dennen were great
Thanks, Troy! RT :
When she kisses you your knees shake and you know its only because she is the one you love and she is everything that you wanted
I'mma be stuck 2 u like glue baby
can't stop the crew
Freelance Media!!! Thanks Andrew!
#directing & #writing #promo #video 4 ..check it out in your #app store -
That Went Well...
spending time with family and taking a very small break!
It was an example of something meaning one thing in one culture, and something different in another. But I loled.
WHY IS A 57 YEAR OLD MAN CALLING A 18 YEAR OLD GIRL SEXY?!
#CincodeMayo at Dave's, getting ready to watch the fights!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow ... I'm single... change that? ;)
The Big Red Time Machine
you like the receiver from yesterday?
Tim Tebow, the most famous white Bronco since OJ's car.
Hehe glad you like ;)
Just taught my sister what an "encore" is. "All the big bands do it?" -
I don't know what it is about #wholefoods, but #kombucha and #cornbread make me so #happy. I'm so
New furniture/kitchen stuff - everything is still getting shipped. The only thing I have not quite done is fill the fridge lol
no i don't think so
Amen! ": Simon Borg is MLS's version of Jack Harry ... just better to ignore him than feed him."
Good luck today Lee. My friend Loni just took down her first event last week. Now its your turn.
Donate your old sweats to #PINKReps for local charities & get a sweet offer. Follow your #PINKReps for more info.
Proud to say that HealthDetail is now officially #Hubzone certified! Based on 2010 census so no worries about changes!
My heat losin to the bobcats? Cant be true....worldmustbeending.com
I'll bring some back, I think we have plenty!
premiere of #secretlife !! :)
Hi Bob, my vote is for Daris, he has changed much and is driven.
nigga you mean LOL SHOW ME or ill skin yo hide MADEA STYLE ahahahahaha.. But for real show me lol
checking my email and also i am going to cedar point thursday.
awesome!! I bet he was a smile-saurous that little cutie!!
Wore a skirt to work today and ran into a family from Irmo on the metro. Makes me miss #LakeMurray :)
Holy Guacamole, only 3 more likes and we hit 100! Go nag a co-worker!
Oh man, our expected high is only 45 degrees and rain, you must live in the tropics.
Can't spell Randy w/o Andy. Wait, why am I pointing this out???
Hot sauce blue cheese arena. One of my favorite places on earth.
Where is this storm I was looking forward to?
Welcome attendees @ #NRAShow to Booth 7854. Enjoy exclusive "Freebornios" cereal - an excellent source of biz & legal counsel.
"How much do you pay for your #electricity?"
Honestly, i like mac millers old stuff way better than his new stuff.
Appreciate the confidence!
lol..are u?
How much fun was Rock N Rods? We had a blast!
Fairly Useless Fact: A.M. (as in morning) is from the Latin, ante= before and meridiem= noon/midday.
People who slip n tell on themselves by accident are
Shake it off...please...be..ok
#CelebrityApprentice tonight is featuring that new #nasa inspired hair dryer. As well as a big boss from Elle Magazine.
On the plus side, I leapt in to assist with explanations; now it seems my supervisor has more appreciation for me. Getting better? Could be.
enjoy your day! I'm sure Eliza treating u well :)
Canton or Fed Hill???
Sunday = catching up on dvr'd shows.
Going to go out with my mom for a bit, then JewJews party. I'm really gonna miss that crazy girl. <U+2665>
Aint no way around it :)
“: That's how you answer getting plunked to open the game.” yes it is.
Robert Downey Jr. really turned his life around! Drew Barrymore too. Maybe there's hope for Lindsay Lohan.
i guess im fin to go to bed now
I see you've been sucked in amon tobin's magic like I have cousin :) I wish I could see isam
Carter and the straight-up outworkin the #Yotes right now
RT : I see you got #SlapYourSelf a trending topic! #210 GOOD SHIT BRO!!
Tweet Your Song Picks in
A rash of #MySpace suicides is about to occur at
It's only because you're a fucking slut
thank you.
Updated 4cast: Clearing line along the Wabash River, slowly moving into SW IN. Should see some sunshine for area West of US 231
I remember when I lived in the NC Mtns and we saw the FL license plates coming up for vacations we called them "Floridiots". Hmm...irony!
what's up everybody...Follow me please ahahaha
Hurray! fixed our link to now have 920Mbits/s up from 20.
shitty movie for tonight: 2012. Never have seen it, but a steaming pile of Roland Emmerich sounds good
I think it would be dope if decided to follow me today.
I feel like I have to go hunting for my dinner.
When it comes to setting the standards for your life, don't be afraid of HEIGHTS
Life is the only thing you can”t get out of alive
DJ Khaled featuring *too many* - Take it to the head >>> my shit
Oof. Just got my fourth paper cut of the day. This needs to stop.
hope u r having a great night, Big Hugs, Love u
yea im glad i get the privilege to play in college lol and thats whats up! What position did you play?!
I mailed my ballot last night
omg i hate you lmfao
gratitude for each moment
Okay. RT go on google chat
Haven't been on Twitter in a few weeks...What did I miss??
ez game sir
Nothing is perfect.
On the set of #SOA!
Ugh! Sorry welcome to my out-of-pocket world. Better known as : empty.pocket. world.
check your DM
Did you all enjoy the first round of panels?! We sure did! Make sure to reenergize and enjoy lunch (12:30-2pm)! #SLS12 LUNCH BREAK!
I came up with an awesome twist for my new story on the drive to work today!
Holy cow, some web designer listings website owner just went religious psycho on me - wtf?
What if Barry REALLY IS not legal eligible to be President?This question must be answered and the pressure to have it answered must not stop
no problem!! :D
“: On the way to my interview for central baptist !!” good luck
BAKE SALE RECIPES WANTED: Help! I just volunteered to bake for my daughter's preschool bake sale. What recipes do you recommend?
Missing my blonde hair : (
I'll be glad when March is over.
midnight is still pretty early!
i was jk
Did you see Melissa Harris' segment on poverty this morning? It needs a miniseries, but it was great.
hows it going road warriors? see you out in never land soon enough.
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it...
Whats up everybody, start your day off right with me /youngbravo1 check me out in the True Magazine 2 Chainz issue!
The Bucks will face the Houston Rockets tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
how exciting. Is it just wonderful?
What is the wind forecast for inland Va Beach? Last nite Jeff said 40-60mph. Is it higher now?
just @ me RT : My pussy good , his dick g0ld !
hahahaha Well...thanks No need LoooL And am sorry for bothering U
Time for the Thanksgiving showdown: pumpkin pie team vs. cranberry sauce team (I mean, burnt orange vs. maroon)! Hook 'em, pumpkin pie! \m/
Within, unfortunately.
Lonely again, though. Tweets and stripper pics don't keep a person warm. WA has some chilly evenings. :-(
Elements Floor and Design is ready to help you with your flooring needs!!!
We are excited to announce that the Seasons 52 in the Shops at Legacy in Plano, TX opens today, October 4!
“: First Cutthroat Pale Ale, what the f have I been thinking waiting this long to try, fantastic beer” Thanks !!!
stunning dress on redcarpet love the pin up!
click "LIKE" if you are drinking your coffee right now & thinking TGIF :)
People from fb need to stop finding me on instagram .-.
where have u moved too?
Grateful today for the service and sacrifice of everyone who has served this country in our Armed Forces.
Its gonna be a great night with the guys and my janet.
knee deep in designs...looking forward to capturing magnificent New York City views in a new light this season a la rooftop garden style ;)
one more half Sixers one more half
darf ich Mal fragen, are you in Berlin? were just curious.
I was so looking forward to tonight's speed dating with and they canceled :-( What is a girl to do on a Wed night?!
I've been on a waiting list for a parking pass for 12 years. I finally was sent an application & I don't want it.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, & see yourself running with them. ~Marcus Aurelius RT
I'm wondering if I should keep my 1st Gen Iphone now.
And she will be loved
I just burst out in GUFFAWS at the draft of the cover for our endorsement issue. Holy eff. You're going to love it. h/t
Me RT : Can anyone guess who my female bestfriend is?
yeah but i know it won't happen.
All of the people in my building are insane
master’s program in sustainability in the urban environment goes with my current career experience.
Looking at my favourites<3 saw 2 of them that Austin tweeted me! omg last one was 36 days ago(:
Are you enjoying our daily posts? Tell your friends to "like" us so they can join in the fun!
do u want daddy 2 teach you how 2 use it lol
Up in the early
Y quien aguantara a Roberto ahora con iPhone.. Shit just got real.
“Shallow men believe in luck, believe in circumstances. Strong men believe in cause and effect.~Ralph Waldo Emerson What are you?
#Yoga is a great compliment to #Chiropractic. Hatha Yoga is relatively slow paced & gentle. Good place to start for the newbie.
yea we are but i got an extraa to sell it for prifit
This is for the people who said that I couldn't do it.
aww u all look so cute!
you are horrible ! I can't believe you stole all my ideas ! When I change my name you change your name too ! Block right now
Not sure Seth. He did go on to mention that UK would play in the title game against the Cuse.
Let's get points here
But I'm sure OSU duo of Smith & Herbie really "high" on Urban & the Bucs! Defense hasn't been good last 2 yrs. Tolzien<Wilson 2
Maybe we were introduced to them by . You'll understand in a couple of years.
sound like it's gonna be good
Big stuff planned. Keep checking back for updates! DM if you want free vinyl and to help RHR!
How could you not love that face? He couldn't be any cuter!
Morn'in! That is all!
Is anybody there? Can anybody help?
dude yes!!! i gotta visit you in the 'verse sometime!
Thanks go out to the Church of St. Jude the Apostle in Wauwatosa for their recent grant. The ALC is so blessed by your generosity!!
Everyone wear blue tomorrow and be part of something meaningful.
We love the Red, White and Blue and America too! Support a local business like us and help keep America running and economy stimulated.
YAY, another vote against corporate welfare! RT : Keep Democracy alive!
Sorry , I hit enter by accident. That would have been a ying yang followed by nunchucks!
Where did the shift go? Happy Tuesday everyone -- enjoy it as I catch some z's!
Thanks Lynn! Have a wonderful Monday!
On this Veteran's Day, take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy.
Learnist is pretty cool. I needed something to free my mind
Hey girl! Still up for lunch tomorrow? :)
I forgot we're getting B.Diddy in a month or two. He should be loaded for bear as long as he wasn't eating them in the interim.
my cheeks get so flushed whenever i lay down.
Getting a lot of spammy dm's recently...
Damn Faker fans! Yall getting that ass served!
you didn't know the mark of the beast is here? Wow, old news
When boys love your personality. <U+2665>
Looking for computer games (past/present) that provide an education in issues of the environment, sustainability, etc. Suggestions?
“: I got a happy mothers day text lol but it was for my mom for having me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>”bad kid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
In 6 hours Wikipedia will be blacked out to protest #PIPA and
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire.
we do not know for sure, but we believe honor society will be there :)
There are 6,987,716,951 people on this plant, and only 1 gets to marry May the odds ever be in YOUR favor.<3
Izzo, CBS Coach of the Year? Obvi.
I know my library card number by heart... but I have no idea where it is. Then again, it's probably in my Nook case...
both & fit the description - they can also recommend great #IxD candidates with #enterprise experience for
As a matter of fact if you do your research, the dealer will be negotiating from a disadvantage
#NowPlaying Pick Up The Phone-Falling In Reverse <3
Many local historical societies sprang from colonial revival mindset
Philly tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Big Z? No way!
": Went to bed at 12 And I'm not tired but when in go to bed at 9 I'm always tired #wth" that sucks so bad
on the bus it snowed!!!! So much snow we had a sbfite last nite lol
In The Name of Loaf
it is a moral duty to protect the good that we see in the world...not as a dogma but only as an explorer of the indestructable
Build a strong support team in life #twitter #life lesson
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie When you find out a house is haunted, move out!
Wow! This is unbelievable! Thanks for the overwhelming support!!!! BuyBobNow.com first phase is on the way. Membership drive. It's FREE!!!!
": DAMN WIND...should be 7-0 now... #Brewers" make that 8-0
Lets get these twitter followers up ^
Reliving my high school life at a house party outside the city.
I'm picking out some cute tees for tomorrow's T-shirt Revival. Get yours ready! Sat, May 14, 7-10pm
MUST. MUST. I'm really excited that you'll be close by.
Thank you :) finally saying something nice (y) jp :P RT : Happy Mothers Day, have a good one (y)
Is anyone else getting a lot of spam DM's?
It's very satisfying to bear down on a brand new task & hit it out of the ballpark before returning to the old stuff on the 'to do' list.
If you ever leave me baby.
same exact thing that happened to me lmfao
ok. :) had a rough week but hopefully today will be better
i know it's called retail therapy, but dayum chill on the clothing rack, it didn't do anything to you.. haha
Work until 8. This mall is like a ghost town today.
where did you see the slayer truck?
6 days left and NCCD's new website is here!
that musican dude they just had on as a guest on seemed like kind of a douche
search terms bringing people to my site: in the past time people played with lego; peasants in Game of Thrones; cherokee plantation owners
Had no idea nypl's collections lived under Bryant park. Thinking of all the times I meandered on the grass above all that knowledge.
Good Morning World remember there is no limit to what you can accomplish!
The X Winter Rock Showcase 2nite 8:30p 21+ $5 at door. Six hard rockin' bands. Come vote for your favorite.
Joy said the same thing! I just saw NYC has "Chuck" do their predicting & apparently he is disagreeing with Phil. How weird!
Wow, I had never heard of that. See! Twinkies can even cause people to KILL!!! ;-)
No idea. I learned it in pretty much every psych class I ever took.
miss you more
Dance all night with Son Salvaje ESTA NOCHE en !! Tampa Bay's Hottest Latin Night- 8:30-Midnight.
MORE BREWERS IN 12 HOURS!
Who is going to the National Fair in Pittsburgh? Look for us!
no one is going anywhere around farragut sq. total gridlock. Motorcade maybe.
Did you know that you can save up to 48 calories simply by choosing mild salsa instead of dressing on your tacos?
Coca-Cola will announce a major sponsorship deal with NASCAR driver Danica Patrick at Charlotte Motor Speedway today.
after I finish eating I'm on my way to get round #1 IN!
Went swimming. :-) It was nice. Dillon and Indy Acting school 101, Swim acting session LOL
but we love you more (:
wow, that's crazy! Looks like they outsharked you?
Up early for a gym session! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> I'm shocked to be up at 5am... Voluntarily!
Not a clue.
You are my sweetest downfall, i loved you first.. i loved you first.
Dusty Soul, Future Beats, Cosmic Energy -- all brought to you in one fusion now from 1 pm - 3 pm -Truthseekers Radio
When the time is right, you just got to do it. -Jack Simplot
We used InstaGrok to do research on the Renaissance. My students loved it!
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time. -Mark Twain
Justin, I love you! <3 ur music helps me through a lot, thank u (:
Not the brightest crayon
Got kicked out of a party at my own house? Hahahahaha
Happy Bday 2 the most beautiful ladies in Malibu. From ME AND my sister Maudey. Thank you 4 all the work u do 4 the VOICELESS !
Oh - Geordan can't hold long pass for what would have been a try
YOYO ! Thats a cute picture of us :D !
If trying to impress girl near the milks at Starbucks, which milk to choose? I think 1/2 & 1/2; shows you're committed but not to labels.
Word is me u and Britt are suppose to walk the Gorge sometime? :)
taking one now
Video from today's DC sessions becoming available via gov2summit.com NOW
'Thou must not speaketh his name!' #Maddow Like Voldemort???!
That was in 1983. We stayed married for 17 yrs. I've been here ever since. This is my home, now...
Just found a redbull in my sock drawer..
Lucky you! RT : Spent all morning at gorgeous #PointLobos State Park. headed down #Hwy1 to
which came first the chicken or the egg?
i got a dog like that
Thank ya Cutiee. Tell erybody To Follow ya Boy i Need 550 by tomorww.
y'all haven't been playing any other week either! My favorite show ever!
I hate mosquito's - blood sucking bastards
thank you for helping spread the word about WWK on FB!
Ohmygod, the people around me are eating popcorn and it is the most annoying thing EVER...so.much.crunching.
what?! Ringo & Sammy!
SO EXCITING!! Hello Josephine!! Congrats to you and Ashley! RT : Mission Accomplished. Welcome to the dance Josephine!
my measurable outcomes are fun and smiles. Not the false, short term measures. measurement is not the answer to everything
It's Saturday morning, any technical floor questions?
Michael Dove Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Yes! That's a good one.
New phone case! yay
I hope blogs matter. I'm just about to launch
So the show jus had a fire alarm really... Ya'll make popcorn all day how the hell you set a fire... Smh, well next 2 are free bc im slick
Coming Soon JoePa Slyder Football Game!
You like the Hawks, but not the Braves? C'mon Morgan!! can't wait to hear all of
This is my new favorite thing in life. "If the soft kind cannot be had, the furry kind must answer."
Thinking a early night for me?
I will be able to hug every single one of my sisters and hold my little brother for the first time in 17 hours! Not that I'm counting...
Happy Mother's Day to all the deserving, hard-working, and appreciativeually women, who actually take care or their children!
Show is done & thus the quest for 100 shows in 100 months is successful... next stop 120 shows in 120 months - 10 years of solid employment.
We're hosting roundtable discussion with today about issues affecting seniors in San Diego County.
Somehow u wipe my tears away, forever I hold u close to me
RT thunderstorm dreams are the best kind of dreams.
They labeled them as manic colors. Manic Panic went to judge and now they changed the name to punky colors
If you couldn't get into Nance's film it also screens Sat. at 2:15.
it is so nice to all be here in the city together!
.: Wage theft is a rampant problem, according to study
Better get a surveillance system . . .
Im on everyones screens!!
Will you be speaking about apps at the PJ PRTY? If so think of us!
Hey #Apple, this changing from mobile me to icloud is taking ridiculous amount of time. Hate change like this.
Have a great time!!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Hey Andrew! What's happening with Beneluxx? Why's the liquor license being transferred?
why is everybody talking about me, im right here!
Lady Gaga Pandora playlist just went bllleeeehhhh when it started playing britney spears
wait..u say ya moms has a Fat Cunt???...Nyce!!!
It gets old, worrying.
For more than half of undergrad presenters, their thesis project was their first exposure to DH.
I'm at my cousin's graduation party and I am legit dying
lol yeah that'll be a long walk
I don't think planting catnip in my garden was such a good idea. I can hear cats calling dibs through my open window. uh oh...
Thanks, y'all.
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 9...COLTS/TEXANS #TAKETHEOVER (49.5)...EXPECT A LOT OF POINTS, AS THESE TWO HOT-HANDED QBs MEET IN THE DOME
Excited to receive - and try - the 2008 Bressler. We're building a nice vertical. And, their first release of 2009 Bressler Pinot Noir...
Arianna Huffington never ceases to surprise me w/ her contradictions, yet she sure can point 2 others, right?
Bottom line-->RT : thinking the pwrful msg from Tracy Sleep is: its more abt what you do w data than what data u have
Making farm management flash cards for a friend just because
So, do I got see #TheHelpMovie...just finished reading the book. Not sure if I want to see the movie yet.
I am working on a new blog post about attitude...and why trying to maintain a good one is so important.
I'm currently in the longest meeting of my life and as tired as I may be, it ain't about that. #SocialJustice is the subject matter.
miss ya buddy!! How goes things??
Got an idea for cleaning up the Gulf oil spill? It could win you $10M from XPrize...email ideas to Francis Beland:
RT : "This is absolutely a family-based story. Ladies, keep your Kleenex ready!"- Review - ENDLESS SUMMER...
:D That's awesome! Thank you!
#FF to my best gang in the world:
Hope everyone had a safe and happy St. Patty's day...personally, I should have got drunk...instead of playing poker
Resting against wall, recharging phone -- oh, and learning stuff at
yes, yes! Beta Phi Mu is hosting an informal happy hour @ Hilton bar 5-6. Come over before bookcart
A Christmas miracle: on this one package I just wrapped, the repeating paper pattern matched up perfectly where it overlapped on the back.
Sorry. ;) RT “: Damn you got me all excited. RT : GUESS WHAT? I don't know.”
why open the show with that?
I hate when people lie to u and make it look obvious
If you say you know a movie song that's more gloriously stupid than R. Kelly's "Gotham City," I will call you a liar.
Hello & hope all is well with you guys. Thanks for the follow.
We see more BLUE than any other COLOR, but we NOTICE RED more than any other COLOR and its the RAREST COLOR in the NATURAL WORLD..
RT : You are mobile. So are we. Download the town mobile app for iphone and android through today.
#YouKnowShesTheOne when she can annoy you to no end, frustrate the shit out of you, make you wanna throw something,scream..And u LOVE it!
Chalmers is so retarded to me sometimes but that's my dude
Can Chen play 1st Base?
Thought I was bleary eyed from of lack of sleep. Realized my contacts were in opposite eyes. Confirmed I was bleary eyed from lack of sleep.
you and me both. At least the NFC is holding up.
Had Steve Dawkins and Iyad Sawas Bonamour teams in office today, thanks for coming in guys
maybe I better change over and check her out!-lol
I think is drunk tweeting again :) or to put it more succinctly, he's tweeting :)
Apex Launcher is really really amazing. It's like what Launcher Pro was but better.
Ever wake up feeling skinny then wake up the next day feeling fat, Dear body, MAKE UP YOUR DAM MIND <U+2764> your owner :)
Just watching Mo go down, makes my knee hurt....
Turnovers ate killing us
Troilus and Cressida, the most "vexing and ambiguous" of Shakespeare's plays, performed by ASP at Suffolk U. through May. Can't wait
no, trying to win it after interception! On 2nd yard line 65 sec
I don't even sound like myself
Hello Canada! 60 miles to Vancouver.
I really think the war on terror is a bunch of bullshit. Just a poor exuse for you to use up all your bullets!
I hate when girls call other girls who look nothing like them their "twin"
DO IT! He is just being Nate right now.
They know what they're talking about ;) RT : "Big LOG news coming Monday!"
All i want for christmas is you!
ha so fucking dramatic dude.
Manny Legace heading to Canucks Camp.. because the only think better than one goalie that crumbles in the playoffs is two!
10 page paper due tomorrow?
lucky! Lol i wanna see that so bad it looks hilarious! <U+E328>
Uses the "J Edgar" example because MPAA + Hoover are kindred spirits (or should I say demons) right along with Joseph McCarthy.
Please follow us, we created this account for you !! ;) <3
Now following the Carolina Chocolate Drops () because I'm cool like that...
Want help making video work for your business/organization? Give us a shout! We'll help you get started. www.fliqz.com
Long sleeve black? short sleeve white?
What happened to me yesterday?? IT WAS SNOWING. >:(
DId you know that my Ped. Pal foot scrubbys helps "umm "um stinky feet he-hee "Yes-sir ree a little hot here in the hot sun of Arizona
The routine of our every day life especially in a city like NYC can be a drain on the body and the mind.
very true, a catapult would make taking the trash out much more appealing.
Hot as shiit
I agree. Part of me loves looking at a shelf full of books I've read and just feeling proud to have dined on that information
not a lot of people can tweet what you can. LOL
Having fun in Minnesota!! :)))
New Logo! Tell us what you think! www.allerentconsulting.com
follow me:) #boyfriend video coming out soon can't wait!
All of the above. :o
when u coming to ATL and/or GA?
Jesus, You're everything I need! :D
TY to our newest followers
I had so much fun singing in the Red Rockstar competition this morning on Wakeup!
T Plush in the house!!!
¦ I think that it's a matter of integrity to repay kindnesses shown to you. For ALL people, in ALL situations. Baseball included.
Should I be worried that I haven't seen any live event tweets this weekend?
Pulling out a pack of gum in school is like pulling out crack in a rehab centre.
I love shopping!! 2 days in a row! (: that's complete #SWAG haha ;P
Am loving that we're seeing more examples of pairing of devices based on #NFC. Will be picking up a Samsung Nexus S 4G this weekend.
you're welcome I can't wait to read more.
Indigo Tree Publishing honors the memory of Jorge Luis Borges, who said: I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library
Why isn't anyone else awake right now!
haha sweet, gotta prepare early!
Looking forward to hearing about Bama's 7 year journey implementing emotional intelligence into their culture
You can't afford to miss out on an opportunity where you were best just because you turned the director off with your behavior.
The frequent flier lounge at BWI has an oddly good soundtrack of 90s ambient.
This year, July has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays. This happens once every 823 years. This is called money bags.
Jealousy is a ugly trait
thanks for the RT! :-)
i hate being scared.)':
He was on his way back to New York, so we could see him in the lineup tonight.
out in Cali.. cant wait to be back in the burgh!
Uh...anyone having issues watching and getting sound?
That $10 driving credit could still be yours if you answer our final #Fridaythe13th question: what year did Zipcar launch in DC?
G-Men moving the ball downfield.. prepare for frostingpants.
She put up with too many things to not have her a ring
It never ceases to amaze me how students evaluate themselves and each other for group work.
#nce11hatrick: public education is bedrock of our democracy
Greetings, and thanks for following. I've been leaning towards whole and raw foods to eat healthier. Best wishes to you always.
I laughed out loud when I saw how quick u turned that around. U haven't lost your touch!!!
Oh wait so did Stafford in 09' but Newton tied that record with 422 pass yds.
is he hurt?
I knew I shoulda brought my psp <U+2639>
Thanks for checkin out Olivia!! <3
such a lovely afternoon!
“: It's a disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic & a skinny jean fad.”
UHH SOO IM NERVOUS FOR TOMMORROW! UGH WTFF HOPE IT GOES WELL AND I GUESS IMMA SLEEP NOWW
bring them to me ! and you can bring jacoby too :)
wow, really. and call me a bitch one more time and I swear to god im fuckin done.
What is Obama' s PLAN to: 1) Balance the budget? 2)Enhance job creation? 3) Make US energy independent in Short Term? Answers: HE HAS NONE.
yeah! time for some band awesomeness!!!
Men I am ss sore from yesterday pole dancing class and softball I don't think the class was worth the 25 dollars I got.... No it was lol
good morning
cool i did good then... Something just aint right with a man with roses and ballons in his hand...
I'm sitting on the ride hollering at my boy! Thinking about going to jam session and playing the keys!
I reeaaallllyy want a pair of pastry's!!!
close enough!
OMG...I feel so bad for Forrest! What did you think? I thought it was pretty shocking. I'm a HUGE Forrest fan. Sad night for me.
indeed not just sports… seems like too many r waiting on some kind of silver bullet or just to be magically handed a job.
ideas for next lip tattoo?
Heading to Players Retreat
And, another hi to and 'just a filmmaker'
The ACRL WA/OR unconference was awesome, despite the lack of a librarian cage match. 8 short sessions, all interesting!
ya feel me lol
Drinking my first Rockstar after a two year hiatus. Caffeine overdose is an intense euphoria.
Congrats, dude! Make the most of this wonderful opportunity!
Happy Monday, YUMs! Start your week right with a few healthy meals today. Feed yourself right!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me j421ustin <3
Be the first to correctly guess the Hawks first round pick and win a tee of your choice!
Welcome new Twitter Friends! , , , , ,
Who knew Disney played homeward bound at 4:30?! My absolute fav movie of all time! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Great summer meal tonight: Jerk Baby Back Ribs, jicima slaw and potato salad, Pan seared Duck w/ fruit couscous, and a Sausage Penne Bake.
Save the sarah connor chronicles
Flippin the fuck out because I just found out that I need steriod spinal injections! Yikes!!!
i did the same and he decided to leave when the going got tough and now I have nothing but debt and a dog. :/
P.S. my sis brought me some GooGoo Clusters (the peanut butter kind) for my road trip last week, and obviously I thought of you!
Besides Batman, Jake Gyllenhaal is one of Josh's biggest inspirations.
Sorry, I get the *reference*, I just don't get the relation. Either. Thanks, tho!
thanks Sarah!
Sorry for asking, but what is #jmc2012?
Best KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer review ...
Crazyman on subway told me I'm the most beautiful girl on the world.
worst part of every ride home from wherever we have to go.
Im Hella Bothered
God I love the title sequence for The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. It's a sexy, condensed version of the entire Millennium Trilogy.
"because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life."
"It smells like Bigfoot's dick"
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
Aw thanks!! I really appreciate it! :) xoxo
back to the tin can later today, just in time for 90 degree temps.. lucky us
It's your time to shine now! time to goto work! #BBN is still hungry! Don't listen to the haters.
Umm Virgin Morena is the same as La Rosa de Guadalupe. How about some creative names ? WOMP
If not, please go asap ib case they will still see you cause we will be fined for missing..
During dinner I thought to myself, "I'm definitely going to find a Pinterest mango sticky rice recipe when I get home." Done!
Hey tell cab 3955 that he doesn't own Belmont Ave. Driving reckless @ Belmont & Kenmore & almost caused a wreck.
Thanks for the follow, Kate. That's quite a headshot! Get that one in Milwaukee?
When you think that you've arrived; that means you've traveled to the wrong place.
DIY Fashion: Bedazzled Collar Necklace - Cambio
is your tribute to Amy Winehouse Valerie going to be on your new cd? If not please release it as a single
La Cofradia will launch the Miami Spice menus July 18th, come in and enjoy Lunch or Dinner menus featuring our signature dishes.
Shout out to all those girls who used filters on their pictures before instagram, the OGs of trying to seem more interesting
My nephews a month today :) 11 more months and he'll be a year o:
Oh your so cool now! x)
RT : Aftonbladet has enough revenue from digital to close down its print edition - Anna Settman.
i didnt even thou that day exsisted
Everything you say makes me wanna slap the shit outta you!
Hopefully don't get contact haha
My political hero? In today's time, Russ Feingold. Still say should've been Obama's 2008 running mate.
Hmm, what should I make myself for lunch.
#pbsDownton do u promise?
what is DOR? And why were all called to the backyard & feeds cut off?
Why try, imma thug, imma die high.
Working can't wait to 4:30 so I can get out of here..
Tweaking formatting on French #translation we're doing for on water stewardship. We give 110% for our clients!
Favorite flavor Pop Tart!!!??? The world needs to know! :)
My moms scared to let me drive at night lls.
It's officially my favorite month !!! ^__^ hehe
Goodnight Tree Hill <U+2764> There is only One Tree Hill <U+2764>
“: “If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.” David Viscott”
but that is the perfect distance to run!!!
Good morning
doesn't mean anything. I conversant with summer and she in ATL.
Don't miss legendary Harlem photographer Kwame Brathwaite photo exhibit 50 years of icons & legends Feb 8 - March 5.
In Chinese, the KFC slogan "finger lickin' good" comes out as "eat your fingers off".
i getta go home and go back to sleep in 2 hours so im ok with it
Sorry man... Read your info pretty funny! But i always looked up to you n walt when i was in hs... Although u bailed on shs ha
Not a terribly productive night for studying, but I have fresh scones, clean dishes & a cat, so I guess that's alright? Might not sleep...
Interesting. Scientist have discovered more fossils of dinosaur footprints w/ human footprints next to them. That's 65+ million yrs old..
On my way home from the movies the place was crowded
Liking Bishop Whitaker forging ahead with schedule. Think we'll get in another ballot b4 lunch?
Welcome back to the last wk of classes and tours ! The panic before finals begins... Check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com
Northwest Mo State advertising campaigns class presented to client Union Station today. They kicked ass. I'm impressed and proud of them.
Going to try that ASAP, liquid lunch!?!
Thanks for the reminder. I sent the text!
lol I was joking anyways.
Head aches from school :\
I miss you too best friend! :( And yay, hopefully I will get to come out and say hey after it!
I love you too! Sorry I couldn't make it last night I had just gotten home from AZ!
#mycrushof2011 Jack Honey
Am I the only person who's getting really annoyed with launch day dlc? Why can't that be included on the disc?
Fly clothes and fly hoes
when i was like nine i thought 'lmfao' was a word. i read it like it sounds. Not "L-m-f-a-o" haha.
Frozen Margarita celebrating my first day of summer break! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><U+2600>
It all rocks. RT : Best thing about #Denver is rainstorms, sunshine, snow is cool! Fall is gorgeous, plus spring and the-
did you take more punishment the last 2 years? Or was it just the length of your career, hate to hear that cards did it to ya
#ancientgreek quote of the day - G<U+03C1><U+03B9><U+03AC> a<U+03BB>ep<U+03BF><U+03CD> st<U+03B7><U+03BD> pa<U+03B3><U+03AF>da de<U+03BD> p<U+03B9><U+03AC><U+03BD>eta<U+03B9>. - You can't catch an old fox in a trap.
Is it not using SSL?
You Don't Need To Be Half Naked To Be Beautiful Alot Of These Girls Has No MF Respect For Themselves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
GM my followers
Thought it was March 26th?
no Kansas... U want to be a winner don't u?
So I saw that lubbocks nude maid service made jay leno & the world news but can they at least get cuter girls! Gah!
Oh, you're One Direction's #1 fan? I'm sure you will get a real boyfriend someday.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.
Oh sweet ! Finale's on now
word up. East nasty
I appreciate the RT! :)
The Jargon is immaculate.
thank you!!!! Gurrrl, house warming party like a mofo!!! I'm trying not to jinx it tho lol.
Just tweeted to , who I'd never met, and they were sitting literally right next me. Cosmic mischief.
Rise & Grind . . . Another day make them moves
I fucking love the video!!!
32 inch Flat Screen could be yours!!! Just RT and you could WIN!!..Drawing 11/14 7pm EST!!!! Tell a friend!
BEST HIP HOP SHOW SO FAR GOING DOWN AT FAMOUS SAMS ON 43RD GLENDALE
I can't blab such blibber blubber
Went to the soccer game cause I thought it started at 10. Turns out it started at 9 so I got to see the important last 5 seconds.
I'm liking Da'rel Scott more than Ware with the news on Bradshaw's bum wheel.
For anyone that says, "Oh its ok. Put a smile on." I say, "No! My team lost & I will mourn that loss." If you want a smile, ask me tomorrow
It is obviously time for Hybrid Icing rule but people need to lay off How would you feel? Flaming nystrom is classless.
Looking at the weather forecast for Melbourne ah looks like a scorcher! Can't wait to get down there in a wks time <U+2600>
that shit exist
Love the atmosphere in OKC. Easily the best of the remaining playoff teams.
yeah true me right when i get home im sleeping. I forgot to eat too! So im like shaking and im sleep deprived hahah
hah cuz I was bored of smiley/frowny faces! jeez
gonna go to bed! been a long day! loving life! truly blessed in life! Twugs n BH LOVE
Rockin' out with my... er, something out. Can't think of a rhyme.
Irrelevant ass niggaz!!
Awesome debate about pro team logos today
Those who don't learn from history are destined to repeat it......
Awesome. Let me know when you are DJ'ing back in the city. I'm moving back down to SF in June. Would love to come out.
It's important to put reasonable limits on nighttime driving until a new driver's skills become sharp through plenty of daytime experience
ill battle any1 set the arrangements
id be upp, buuh they wouldn't be :o
"take me, take me...take me home...take me, take me...take me home." disclaimer: this is not a request, i'm singing! :P
Will anyone be having a white Christmas?
:( so many innocent people, dead
you don't wanna be home? :o
White people write poetry :(
I'll be a millionaire once I'm done making this device that lets you punch people in the face over the Internet
Te bulls might as well say fuck it and let they bench play the whole playoffs for them
Haha of course! We'll see you there?
Hahah gotcha :-) I decided to have a separate blog and Twitter for museum stuff.
Thanks for the update Josh!
Found 2 cases where I've ignored other software to adapt to #Evernote instead--due to seamless synching. Sorry #Omnifocus &
I'm sure we can scare some up over at STAMP, meet you at the top/front door at 4
sadly yes lol I miss lawndale!!!
Dude, you got ALL the good lawn equipment now w that big ass Toro u posted earlier.
Rick Santorum is pro-life, even in cases of Aliens.
"I spent too much money flying to Tahiti to announce the Pacific Rim Roller Derby Final."
Thanks for all the retweets about our show! Bigmista and Smokee made for a great show today!
Comments on this video show that the line between the real and the virtual was never firm to begin with.
right #expected #easyout #predictable! You and your counterparts are twitriffic. Can you be TOUTriffic?
Locally known as the "Breakfast Counties" are Bacon, Coffee, Cook, Crisp and Early counties in Georgia.
by default monday's are your turn
One of the most amazing shows I have ever done tonight!! Thanks Ladies for making it so great!!
Wonderful dialogue all around! RT Great to meet to review crisis case studies. A winning morning!
Awesome! We need rain. RT : Wow- that thunder scared me! Woke me up from my nap and even set off a car alarm.
#1DayIWantTo prove everyone wrong who doubt me.
Great to see you too! What terminal are you in? I'll be at SFO for another hour...
Wade was just chilling in the paint ready to send someone's shit.
Did you get the memo on #fridaycoffeeclub? M.E. Swing 8am 17th & G Streets, NW.
New recordings and a new shirt design coming soon! Who is excited?!
It’s National Peanut Month! We are proud to use peanut oil for the delicious chicken that you enjoy everyday.
my English is not perfect, but I do what I can to follow me on twitter , or meet her in person!
Waking up at 12 when your first class starts at 1130...
Wonderful! Glad to hear it was a good experience!
“A dream is just a dream. A goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline.” ~Harvey McKay
“: When a man plays the guitar, it's like the strings are directly attached to my heart. #princessprobz” haha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
email feng shui is done, now to tackle the room.....
i had to put u in my other channels box. ur voice is amazing :)
Concierge great idea. did this at #pcma12 and worked great
Family time with all my brothers.
Everyday is 'take your child to work day' for me.
what's going on?
Way to Play Lefty!!
I've made an enormous mistake.
Do you have #kiddori installed on both your #iPhone and #iPod? If so, notice any difference or the same?
Gypsy Kings, 'member them? are pushing it
I have been in such a bad mood. And its all because of you. I just hope you know what you do to me.
I cant stand dreaming about people I dont even talk to anymore...
Happy Game Day! Go Noles!!
what's your bench now?
thank you so very much Tonja, its an honor to have you as a friend you are appreciated :)
Congratulations! RT : We won!! GRB wins Best of the Web for banking/finance. Thanks !
looks like its sundayfunday then, when you startin?
tonight I'm going to drink myself into a fuckingggggg coma. I wish. fack mondays
Bought some earlier this weekend! Dad saw you on tv and thought about your chili :-)
NICE! I was at church and missed it. THANKS FOR HAVING MY BACK!!!
He said "I love you".... I sneezed and said "Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit"
lol wait till hs. You'll find a few
thanks for the words bro really ment alot
“If you really want to know where your destiny lies—look at where you apply your time.”—Mark Cuban
Save an ambo ride a medic!
Rec'd a mention re: if I'm hungry for pizza & 'here's a coupon for your local chain'. 1. I'm always hungry for pizza 2. I buy it locally.
#Timeless movie premier in toronto w/ 730 pm sharp!
excellent question. the WRA should wise up & get out of the biz of political pundritry. it's hurting Realtors.
I dont live in any of the states that we mahomies had to chose for to go to but i would like if mahomies voted for LA or NY(:
That was a hard but clean play. Good to see that Gamel's taking his gig seriously.
You all don't know shit. The shooting could be a rumor or the real thing. Don't take that kind of situation lightly. Ever.
#liber2011 Digital infrastructure as a valuable asset on which science, tech, the economy and society can advance.
Ha! I like that.
Love it when you look at me, hits me just like the summer breeze. My heart is yours.
I so agree!!
Love AZ .. I'm about due back 4 a good party RT : Want to know what's crakin in AZ?? Hit for your hottest shit!!!!!!
lmao..so ive been told..i was talkin to Tim Green the other nite.I produce
Me: ''Im useing the the bathroom.'' Dylan: ''Tinkle, Tinkle, Tinkle'' J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
that tweet was sent to my phone right as that part was on the radio #weird haha #Swaggie <3
The drug in me is you, and I'm high on misery.
Six days til Christmas! Give the gift of a white sparkling smile with our take-home customized whitening kits.
Good luck! ur gonna do great!!!
got it. I thought you liked "words with friends"
Big win for ohio n nice work
Happy one year Happy for what you
Congratulations!!! Couldn't be happier for you! Such a class act!
hmm. which new songs should i cover? (;
It would sell. Ensemble like Pulp Fiction with the theme Creativity Calms Madness. They all meet at end in SKA group.
Totally boring ass day.
really appreciate the support fam.
It'll be good to see museums taking up a big cause in the future--activism where usually museums take the sideline.
“Love doesn’t make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile
Question! Is 1D going to come to Seattle Washington U.S.A? I looked on the BTR dates and its not there.Are those official?
Built a Ajax chat for Minecraft. Next up, mobile Ajax chat.
Teenagers just like to grow up waaayyy too fast! :P RT : i kno right?!
Awesome fight , hell yeah!
we would take perry or harrison before beal
no. You know anyone wanting it?
I'd do anything for one more kiss.
I think it would be awesome to legally change my name to Hugh G Rection, then when I stay in hotels use my old name to hide my identity.
nah not really. But I'm happy and were still friends
(S)hit(W)e(A)lready(G)ot.
"Fighting fire with fire" seems stupid. Water seems like a better choice...
RT.: Mankind will never plan with the skill with which it scrambles & improvises.
I feel sick #TummyHurts #Nauseous <U+E40C>
Just stopped by Echo Park Time Travel Mart to pick up a few #LA literary maps. Incredible. If you read in this town, you need them.
The only thing that comes to dreamers is sleep... up grinding
Happy Mothers Day!! Enjoy your special day!
watching movies by myself
Hi San Francisco
Obviously she's under some spell...
okay, so I'm #writing and #reading and keep abreast of the Action of #OWS Hope to join later with family.
Its so beautiful at the beach <U+2600> getting that sun burn though.
Admittedly, the part where I hang out alone in a bar waiting for the band to just start already is awkward. Should invite more friends.
If you live in Atlanta, GA...join us 4 Girls' Night Out tonight @ Georgia Tech! Doors open :30/Student Center Theatre. Admission is free!
Thank you, I would like to introduce you to the President/Founder Marc Heyison
I'll get right on it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i tend to jump to conclusion
You mfer mad the knicks getting whooped on lmfao........shut the fuck up
Some girls are so hot and ya know why ? Cause they spontaneous !
I've never had a person reply back a year later to a message . Haha wow
about to go to the lib then gym
When Plan B is Plan A...
EVERYBODY RT RT GO FOLLOW SHE IS THE BEST DARN FRIEND IN THE WORLD SO GO FOLLOW HERMY FOLLOWERS!!
I love how Phil and Si on duck dynasty wear face paint 24/7
I love you too Abby! Thanks! We neeeeddd to hangout soon!!!
So, can we call this a social media bubble yet? If not, when?
You can tell when someone is humble and when someone is waiting for opportunities to come to them. Which one are you?
My Peeps Grind Hard! #BodiRock Thursday! We In There!
Must shake unproductive headspace! TIme to run a few errands, change perspective.
You can put delicious tags and bookmarks in alphabetical order using "display options."
not that button, the top button to turn of your button, by where you plug in your headphones, it's like stuck
I wanna go to a Ranger game. look at those bootays and sexy men play ball.
its hard to say goodbye when you know its the end
One way to feel instantly (and briefly) stylish: Put white tires on your bike.
Back from break. Defense is now asking about Ybarra's work history and work ethic. ": any update yet?"
Sure, I find men attractive all the time, but I instantly become disgusted by those that hit on me sexually without barely even knowing me.
then let's get them a business degree. A capital-generating mindset is a scarce asset
Lady in Black is starting to appear at as they run through tires- kicking up on the cameras
So no one minds pooling resources for a lottery payout, but people complain about pooling resources for healthcare?
austin wouldn't say that?
not gay. Just a very very tiny penis. LIke, it would fit on a fairy.
As a writer you have control of the words you put on the page. But once that manuscript leaves your hand, you give control to the reader
I need to find this channel, I had it one time, but was stupid enough NOT to subscribe. It shows how to do hair. HAIRBOW!
Feel like I blinked and the year was gone. Time flys so fast...
Yeah, I really dig it. I need more gear, though... thinking about looking at a flash unit... could have used one for fill...
Does anyone know how to do leopard print on nails???? (;
2 days until
I believe you have. I have a question though. Is three a crowd? #lovers ?
Charles & Baltimore 11-2 such a beautiful day to get out and have a #grilled Reuben, lobster Mac, or crab grill. See you all soon
I can't wait for video to come out its goin to be bad ass!!!!!
S/o to tha team #TEAMDEONTE yall really promoting!!! Let's keep up tha good wk!!!! I love all Yall mane!!!!! Let's get get get it!!! :)
She's a bigger flopper than DWade. #dwts. Uh, I mean GO PACERS!
RT : RT : How long until the heart rejects Dick Cheney?
thanks! It was fun how it all worked out:-) great to see you too.
. Remind you of a certain failed bomb plot in Catonsville?
Rule #1 pay these hoes NO ATTENTION!
yeah dude, you should give up.
I found that highly suspect as well.
When #Occupy supporters want to blow up bridges, are they still representing the 99%? Discuss.
Somebody needs to seriously dislodge all of Suzie's teeth. She carries way too many tales.
Exclusive - Middle East trader FAL Oil close to $700 million debt restructuring
Get a fucking clue damn!!!
you are amazing <3
People are stunned that Michael Jackson is releasing a new album this December. Is it really surprising that he hasn't begun decomposing?
I think its" Plead"
Little know fact. Baseball Boyfriend was originally "Phillies Boyfriend" because well... Shane, Jimmy, Haladay, Howard, you can't go wrong.
Monsanto is NO friend to farmers.
and with and Dr. Jill Biden
: haha wahh? I wish I HAD any!
2,800! Thank you guys so much. i love the support <3 ur amazing
i swear if you went to Myrtle.... you have another wedge shot to the head now lol
“You aren't crazy, you're just lonely. And loneliness is a hell of a drug." -John Mayer
That's definitely a recent picture because a girl met Little Mix a few days ago and that's what Perrie was wearing.
I'm just saying. Kobe got slapped on the face, no foul. James Haden gets breathe on, it's a foul.
im all good thank u much for your concern :)
Apple iPhone Android Double Verizon Profits as It Ramps Up
Where does the greyhound bus drop off in Madison, WI? #Madison (?)
Fabulous-sounding program for tonight. I LOVE the Liza folksong!
im seriously about to start cutting bitches off little by little
I'm in Florida
hi :D could you give me any acting tips for an upcoming actor? <3 your dancing!!
I'm getting tattooed in 2 weeks by that guy you told me about, Aron. He started at Scapegoat today! Yay!
Ugh, I hate updating my resume. :(
Annoying! Save it for Friday afternoon, I say -- people are more likely to laugh when the weekend is starting. Not Monday!
OMG YES!!!!! I waz lik kissing my TV nd rewinding it ^~<3
its raining ..
New Followers Rock THX -->
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
A cold shower can increase fat loss, enhance pain and stress tolerance, strengthen immunity, ward off depression, and the list goes on...
Jayne Raper just gave a very good relationship advice for women who are pursuing a science career! :)
You should have followed our other discussed plan of action to get out of jury duty
I am a master of the
: same 2 U! I hope someone is BBQing
How is #CitrixSynergy going, Doug?
There were 22 entrants in today's $140 buy in noon tournament. The top 3 places get paid, first is $1334. Our next tournament is at 7 pm.
#ICantStandPeople in general.
Thank you for the mention! I am glad you enjoyed the post.
..not for rulers to crave beer, lest they drink & forget what has been decreed, & deprive all the oppressed of their rights. Proverbs 31:4-5
Looking for fishnet stockings should not be this hard!!!! Uuugghh!!!
aww thank you, i wont be!!
Hated all the Sheepdog looks on #projectrunway. Not rock and roll
Spongebob, Why R U So Addicting?!
hmm i wanna go on a sunny beach vacation again. i think i'm addicted.
Who's at Dolores Park? Because I'm on my way and you can't stop me.
maybe you could help me test the theory sometime
"it's not heavy -- it's just awkward!"
: I worked in a small museum where the silence felt oppressive - Music can activate the space if the exhibit calls for it.
RT “: Claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces. For example: I am going to the liquor store and I'm scared that it's closed.”
Increase flexibility, strength, and posture while reducing stress. Enjoy 10 classes of yoga for $39 on
Austin Scarlet was on an episode of "Say Yes to the Dress"? That's like blowing bubbles into champagne. Related, time to throw out the TV.
Mario Lopez! <3 Dimples.Dimples.Dimples! (:
How do you keep your team motivated? Celebrate EVERYTHING! Halloween, Valentine's Day, birthdays, it doesn't matter how small.
The plunge is Sunday, still time left to donate! ttp://www.firstgiving.com/fundraiser/klaytonkorver/12thannualchicagopolarplunge/team
today i saw what might be the best yet example of a calvin peeing sticker, in which his target is the phrase "city folk"
hey paint them polka dotted black and white! :)
...had to be a guy, right?
Andrew Bird - Fitz And The Dizzyspells - 08:51 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Seriously the 90's version of Cage can return whenever he wants to.
Crawfish bites to-go please.
"I always hear, 'Punch me in the face,' while you're speaking, but usually it's subtext."
But it all doesn't matter ... IPO over-subscribed; massive insider positions being sold. $FB can go to $10 and they won't care.
Thanks for looking--and for the encouragement. : )
#dh2010 Glad I can't read every book in the world. Would be like when finished Jane Austen's novels, only worse. :)
has me weak right now about this interview
Sorry so late responding Leah. I'm still figuring out Twitter. We borrowed the loveseat from a co-worker. It was perfect!
you know the old tradition right?(;
Till I take this pain medicine I'm not fuckin wit no one at my job... Hope mom dukes kinda hurry
BISSELL&#39;s White Sock Test Helps Carpets Come Clean From Hidden Dirt
Why is Jake Thrupp so attractive!!?
This Saturday is the Sunscreen Film Festival. Land of Nod will be playing in the 1-3 slot. Come put and support Pixelated!!
why arent u at the Lakefront walking with us?
fine! Have fun and tell everyone I said good luck and do awesome :)
Happy Mother's Day to all my mama's!!!! =)
vibes that are stoned.
www.zakzakzak.com !
Idc what anybody say Ima be up on that stage singing with Diggy Simmons one of these days <3
Go Will Failla !!! Great job for an amazing series !!!
Send your guests! Great way to see Miami! RT : Cool! RT : tomorrow for Brickell Lunch Break Music Series
Send music to
Heard from an old friend today who is an awesome artist. Hoping to collaborate with him on a guitar strap creation.
When guys get really touchy and we're not dating <<<<<
yes, but if you slap a prada label on it, it's more than my rent!
Hate when your girlfriend likes your shit on facebook but for some reason she won't text back.
Thank u!! So glad u got to hear it! Please put in a good word for me at Radio One :-) We r praying n believing they will add
I think it is garden gnomes!
was super excited about you on Instagram for a sec there. But Trillium Brewing coming together is good consolation prize.
asdfasdfasdf holiday practice soon
Dear Joshua Ledet, please leave "Imagine" to John Lennon. Thanks for your cooperation.
RT #MajorLeagues We'ed be on the all star team.
Get your tix March 3 at 10 a.m. for "Maiden England World Tour" July 19 w/
Our country is no better then the ones we accuse. We just have more slaves "middle America". Sometimes it takes a spark to light a fire.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!1
Any #crew96 fans in Toledo? I'm here for the evening and want to catch the match...any suggestions?
Depressed...might not even go to school tommorow lol
#NP-Foster the people "pumped up kicks" <33 =D
The federal tax code in 1913 could be published as a single 400-page book. Today, it would take 72,000 pages.
i wanna go to universal so bad this summer!
My mom said if she ever gets a tattoo, it'll be of a sprig of cilantro. She also wants to bathe in a tub full of cilantro.
Wow!..Interesting move.
well if there's one time of year if they're gonna be hurt at least its the beginning of the year not towards the end.
I sent u a DM
Being at the doctor's office sucks!!!
RT : <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : #Aquarius are natural born rebels, they learn the system and always find the loopholes.
Great nice day in #DenverCo man I love my city!
Yours is more fun!
RT I get really confused every morning when I wake up and no dramatic music is playing in the background for my documentary.
The shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it could be as the BITCH who told you! #Lil Wayne
yes sir things are well, hoping the same for you. Wish I could have gotten home but not yet, soon fingers crossed. :-)
I've been trying to access your site since this morning to no avail. What's going on?
I am totally different outside of school.
Meow! Lol miss ya :)
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other
I hate the smell of DOG!
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
I want to start a campaign to give our moon a proper name. "The Moon" just doesn't cut it, and all the others have names.
Listening to VH-1 Presents. Donna Summer Live In Concert. RIP
crazy! hope everything works out..
nah just hanging out, ill be out tomorrow though
Great pt! RT : A2: If theres a gap (which, given the market, there probably is), show how you spent that time.
so very true. Still working on finding time throughout the day for my own practice of it.
I assume you type of the Curling Live Tomorrow AM? Mark and TIM Are All Set to be live at 5 am Thursday. Mark took care of it.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. Elvis Presley
Have your whitepapers distributed through a StaffingMarketplace.com e-mail blast
I can no longer attend Kiss Concert even though I already have my tickets. Oh well. I guess I'll sell them on Stubhub and attend Earthfest.
R.I.P. Dick Clark
how long do i have to see graduation twitter icons and facebook defaults? i would rather you make it your first real job paycheck
Never let other peoples opinions effect your decisions! #DoYou! Always!
I think you should mess with our new social media manager. -Conrad
I'm at work right now, trust me, I feel your pain.
#VegWeek2012 at -- Chef Aaron McCloud's Vegan Dinner Wed-Sat see the incredible menu at www.CedarDC. Com
#Artists you should be
Thanks! It has been exciting so far.
EXACTLY! im pround to say im a vegetarian:D
Restaurant week . . . explain. BTW, lots of people tweeting that Robert Irvine from FoodTV was in town yesterday.
How much money does it take to make mo money???? Hm....
Merry Christmas! Have a great time. Be sure to find some snow bunnies!
Oatmeal Recipes They'll Love When I wake up to a hot bowl of oatmeal, all is right with the world. It's comforting and hearty and just th
Cupid's Got A Shotgun!<U+2764>
I am deeply disturbed right now
o I like the sound of that!
Boy: I've finally found the meaning of life. Girl: What is it? Boy: To be with you and to love you forever and always.
Can you please follow me
Can you play One Thing by One Direction please? (:
you certainly have more than one person. <3
Watching #Chopped on Astronaut ice cream is one of the ingredients. Chefs making sauce with it. Ew.
Thoughts are but coins ... www.jimnkyles.blogspot.com
I was rooting for the Brewers. =(
Space Needle celebrated its 50th birthday with a perfct game by Phill Humber.
"what are you doing?" "oh, you know...loving you."
Thank you for your support. We might lose some people along the way, but we push through. Livestreaming will be back this week! Stay tuned
Anyone interested in agirls afternoon? Stay tuned info soon
what did do to deserve that? Does she share the German taste in "music?"
what's in maryland?!?!? PARTY TIME??
how'd it go?
What up gangsta!
Good morning friends. Word of the day "Focus " today don't worry about others Focus on you, & you'll be fine.
l love you guys i'm listening to Rihanna/Britney Spears "S&M (Remix)" S&M (Remix) 2010
I am officailli hook! On twitter while driving! Lol
laying down bord out
R., thank you for the follow as well. I look forward to your business law tweets.
And tebow falls
taiwan news
wishing the toy was me!!
Natural Cures Eczema Infants | Beat Eczema
Ok peeps, set your alarms early! have the next #PXYSJ announcement tomorrow! Listen, pwease?
No doubt! Keep Scraping!
It's none of their business that you have to learn to write. Let them think you were born that way.
Anyone who chooses to have #timewarner over #directtv is making a huge mistake
It's even better, when someone uses some keywords of the title in their comments
If I walked into my bf cheating on me I'd step out calmly and look for my gun.
I absolutely love the Armani Bad Romance costume <33
united states politics: by and for rich dickheads who dont give a damn about you (unless they need your vote).
where have you been ?!
Howdy cuz! Hugs.
#HumanitiesPHDs have #Sitzfleisch that makes them able for project completion.
Thanks for following us! Like your Tweets.... Especially the one about your top hotel picks to get drunk at.
STOP TRIPPING
any plans for the #Caps game?
of course, thank you! <3
It's nice to have a day this week that's not in the triple digits.
HAHAHAHA, thought I'd check one of those unclaimed property sites to see if maybe I had some. Instead found that my brother has unclaimed $$
So excited for you, Kasey! Shine your light. Jesus is beautiful in and on you! You are named by God! xxoo
: There's is a different between urgent and important...
YESS WHEN IS IT COMING OUT? #cantwait RT “: Dave said Say Something is even better than 11:11. omg, I NEED TO HEAR IT NOW.”
you go Gurl1! (:
Thanks for the follow. How is summer?
Nails, tanning, Victoria's secret...does a day get any better??
Can't believe I really fell so bad bahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha hahahahahaha
Only one crown in the city I'd be lying to say I didn't want it.
Sitting in the bathroom crying my eyes out. Yeah, I'll probably be spending most of my time like this now.
how was your day, gorgeous? :)
"It is a good rule in life never to apologize. The right sort of people do not want apologies, & the wrong sort take... advantage of them."
Yes, Cocktails takes place every Thursday, 5:30-10pm. It will move outdoors when the weather is nice.
She get on my damn nerves i cant stand her
Filling my schedule up for spring & summer..are you in need of music for a special event? I can help.
u are crazy.....and amazing <3
Isn't that photo cool? I love the Artists' Excursion collection. It's like today's version of art nerd road trip!
Got my hair cut short for the 1st time in years. I'm trying not to cry. :(
what's up :p
well I just want to see your gorgeous ass if possible.
Started bartending training at Famous Pub today and have an interview for an internship. Methinks my luck is a-changing!
RT:Silas Reed Gibson is here! 7.5 lbs /Awesome! Congrats! Can't wait to meet him!
I wish it would snow right now, just little bit. I'm not asking for much, just enough to go snowboarding for a night
I have no time for drama, the past, or any other headaches. My goal is to make as much money as possible nothing else matters...
The time has come at last! 4 nights w/ Chris Robinson Brotherhood starting TONIGHT! DJ Selections by Andy Cabic (Vetiver)! (tix @ the door)
" Anyone sellin a iPhone? "
Every season is a season of change
Being a person of Influence is a job not a lifestyle. Find sum1 who knows the difference
If you happen to be in range of San Diego come see us perform at Soma Saturday night!!!
if you say so
#CIO Quote of the Day: "I've learned that you cannot MANAGE people through fire, but you can LEAD them through fire."
RT : Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict. ~Rabindranath Tagore
do u remember PAXSON FOR THREE
As soon as I walked in the door at 7 I had ppl waiting on me & didn't even sit down, plus my 2-day old monthly unlimited is messed up...SMDH
The "tooth brush holder" serves one purpose...please recognize and conform
When all else fails, LOTR puts me to sleep. I hope this really works lol
There is a crazy amount of police presence here in #DTLA... #PershingSquare is crazy...
I'm a huge fan of the Old Spice commercials. They never disappoint!
Quinones lifts a lazy fly ball to right! Braggs is there and there are two down!
or time magazine
All creatures lookin god 2day in the sun a spring is sprung.
“: That looks amazing!” to much food! Only took 5 bites.
A letter supporting a new Vikings stadium is circulating. Seven council members need to sign it. But who did? More info at 6 on
I love you so much Ariana :D I'm so happy to say that I'm in the same state asu :P.
God assembled me & put me together,, I'm sure that same God can hold me together
The focus for academia now is around producing data, evidence and proof as a compelling argument of impact and value. Libraries too!
Clues in previous email. Official announcement by the "authorities" on may 13. “: David who was inducted?”
Music is there for me when no one else is
I haven't spoken to #oomf since last semester. I guess I was under the false impression that we were cooler than that.
So... The Avengers was... Okayy. Took a bit to get the ball rolling. I give it 4/5 stars. If it wasn't for the humor, I would've given it 3½
If you interviewed on January 11, 18, 23, and 25 2012, you will receive an admission decision by Friday, February 3, 2012!!
Anyone have experience with American Express cards? Recommendations?
Is hiring more guidance counselors to stop the bullying - the only answer? No, you say!:) OK, what then?
Now if he only could get his "ground rules" in order lmao!
I love it! Another fact: average spending per visitor is $129.38 - more than 2X the national average
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life. ~ George Bernard Shaw
I will volunteer for the job! But we will wait until after she presents before we perform the sacrifice.
Do women hold off on texting or calling back guys to not seem overeager, or is that distinctly a male strategy?
you don't get to know
Cool! I really like Reaper.
Hey Somaya! It's been a long time yo! I see u working hard! Good seeing u making it happen no matter what!
Septa is pissing me off!
That line was from "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins".
How did you celebrate Mothers Day??
Voicethread seems very promisng 2 solicit non-literate responses to digtl products (prticlrly those about primarily oral peeps)
I can't believe Florida State #seminoles are loosing! I have them winning the whole thing... #MarchMadness is stressful!
It's in there, it's a hyper link. Please email me offline if you have questions.
I remember those days, when me and my friends had simple ways.
I'll see if I can rally the troops!
luvin my team!!!makin major moves
Christmas Vacation..
Hating my life right now. Screw you AP Gov...
Check us out on instagram!!! @ 4thquartercomeback !!!
Chillin like a villian...random;3 Listening to a mix of my BVB cd playing(Smoke&Mirrors is on),and Bodies by Drowning Pool which is on UTube
Hanging with a rad group of people at the moment, writing session lataaaaa
That's what I'm talking about, work next to a Tequila bar lol
Sick :'( back to sleep after I eat this chicken and rice
Can't get information because of the #SOPA blackout? Try your local #library!
hey :D<3
The lakers are THE WORST @ tansitioning to defense! Sprint to the paint then stop the ball idiots!
enjoy Ryan!!
Apparently in the end, it doesn't even matter.
retweeting me talking to about retweeting. Now that is impressive.
Mckays is stupid
I'm just a pain magnet aren't I ? (; First I trip in P.E and land on my face .. Then I almost get hit by a ball . 0.o
Stay independent, Scott, and keep up the good work.
Sorry to be a bit MIA lately...seems I have my hands full. Be back soon tweeties...xoxo
The "Intro to Backyard Bee Guardianship" Is about to start! #FREE #Workshop at Paradigm Gardens #Madison #WI. starts at 10am
Great prices on #embroidered apparel and #printed tees - market your business, look professional, sell MORE! #SouthFlorida. Call 8772449913
RT : A2: Sales & Executives often drive the SOW, Negotiations, etc...contract handed to PM. Need PMs/BAs involved up front
leader of the pack
So we decided to pack before we take off on dis paper Plane
So it looks like everybody's pregos again. Dam people we are about to be china
Fuck it! I knew it! Strange how ugly you feel when someone's else made you feel ugly.
Cures for caffeine addiction and improving sleep include eating better, exercising more, and going to bed earlier. I advocate cat naps.
Just landed in Orlando and excited for Mashable Connect!
Plain & simple: If you have to ask whether it's ethical or not, the answer is "no"
seriously...what a waste of fan $ #afraud needs to step up.
am I gonna have to make the right country album?
feel better :)
i haven't read that one. guess i won't!
uh oh...might have 2 convince wifey now
There's a dog in that f...in stroller
I'll just go to my corner then..
Apparently wearing sunglasses is a crime now ?
yeah. Everyone needs to use faces! ;p lmao
Happy Birthday to Scratched Up Sponsor and friend Dicky Wang from Million Monkey Clothing
I'd hate to see what kind of bird "boneless wings" come from.
Hey remember when I thought dilemma had an N in it like dilemna?
Fuck not getting paid today! :(
they actually make something like that...
if Fifty Shades of Grey had pictures, it would be my Thursdays.
hahhha wait dont u have my number though??
how are you? i hope fine :) i love you
Thanks, Alice! “: Shout out to ! #thankateacher #StantonES”
I knew you wouldn't be happy with that haha but don't worry, no one can see it unless they follow both of us (Shannon, Kyle)
As a mother I understand how you feel about Brianna's choice to elope. She seems really happy. Good luck to your family.
The best part is the awkward non music celebs that try to dance in the audience. No rhythm, but have to dance so I don't stand out.
Deserving, hoping and fairness have never created a single JOB
I MISS WHEN I USE TO LIVE IN MIAMI LAKES
Am in need, let give u wht got to offer u
thx. i'll check it out
women's key. far less gross than the men's key.
Sacha and Brooke have been best friends since they were 6 & they are still going strong. Now that is a true friendship.
can I get some followers for my homeboy c walden. He's new to the twitter scene.
i will when i see your bitch ass
Tornado drills across Indiana today, just heard sirens and thought it was 11am on Friday.
Thank you for reading, hope you like it :-)
Thanks for sharing! I, for one, could definitely use this advice!
IM FIT TO START BEING EXTRA PETTY!!
RT : ‘Space is the breath of art.’ ~Frank Lloyd Wright' // And I just pitched our Airstream to NASA!
hooray! I have a few hockey friends in UK - ill make same offer to u... If u want any Sox stuff (shirt, hat, etc) let me know
it's totally your new favorite song, isn't it? I know and love it too.
chilling with a beer before I pack for Vegas
I'm on News Saturday tomorrow. I'm previewing my tornado story along side as we talk about the partnership w/
DAMN ! There Shouldnt Be A Following Limit
Such as: SLICES OF FLESH a flash fiction anthology - proceeds to charity.
who's your daddy ? -YOU'RE MY DADDY , PULL MY HAIR !! ' ctfu insider ^__^
RT : Just filled out my ballot for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Don't forget to vote!
yes very.
There's always two sides to every story....the thing is whos to know which is the truth
More showers and storms tonight? Details on 10TV News in under an hour!
I'm getting a tattoo. OMG MAKE THEM! "Sh*tty Mom" in one of those heart things. Do it, girls.
you're welcome! Most articles don't get into actual details, they just make suggestions. Thanks for sharing!
Damn my internet is finally back. Had to pay for this shit. aha. Was so lost why it wasnt working. Finally finished my cake today. Aha
We're back after the news break with local issues & political discussion. Send in your thoughts during the break:
Hi Randy. I am looking to recommend you to the management company I am working for. What web site should I send them to?
week 3? A card is just right. Maybe add something like a few really nice chocolates. Maybe make the card, if you're crafty.
TUESDAY - Back from New Orleans and ready to fight crime.
Amazing! Can't wait to see these.
What other club can make a statue come to life and win a match, none but #theArsenal!
no im nt older bt me as a WOMAN wouldnt take u serious
Keep going !
Pretty sure I got a 5
Go #TeamLibra RT : Very true! Am part Libra.
Yeah. I just hope they do it right. Don't want one of my favorite movies to be ruined.
Today's pet peeve - discovered a mysterious & painful slice on my thumb
y'all need to be doin work. Lol
Special shake shout to the midtown floor manager who let me replace my bitter lemonade. She was all the sweetness it needed.
nice! yeah I would totally be there but I've got a busy busy night ahead of me tonight.
if your gonna fuck with my feelings, expect to get yours fucked with worse.
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 11
RT : Twitter upgraded its Search algorithm in the last couple weeks that has dramatically improved its People Search tool.
Nothing wrong w/ a #change of scene.
Big ups!! 2 4 his Oscar & T.J. Martin 4 being the 1st African American Director to win as well.
Already #over #pinterest and #instagram. Maybe I should just read a #book... Feel so lame w/o
trust I don't need anymore give it to an A-cup in need
Great picnic, Great host, can't wait til next year.
no it doesn't
Jason Mraz-On Love, In Sadness.
RT : Gavin Smith sits 2 to my L bounty tourney & announces, "Let's gamble!" Should be a fun night...
Just hit the blunt one time and see if it don't change your perception on whats important in your life.
cause there are too many losers on twitter!
Twitter test 2
Wow. How many do you have left??!? :)
bye sissy ); miss u already <3
Roy Orbison looks like Doug McKenzie with a horrible, black wig and gas station sunglasses.
Burnt my finger on my hot glue gun :(
EPA to weigh rules on fracking-chemical disclosure The Environmental Protection Agency said Wednesday that it would weigh rules requiring
he showed AJ and started rambling about how bad I was and didn't know what I was doing. said id show if he would stfu he agreed
Is photographing the most spectacular penthouse I have ever seen...and that's saying something!
will forever be my all time favorite wrestler along with Two of the greatest performers in the industry.
: And #happybirthday to Thanks. So far so good.
what does it have to do with?
BLACK FRIDAY SALE! Use coupon blackfriday10 to get 10% off any purchase. Buy 2 or more items & I will refund an additional 5% thru paypal!
Talking about tracking users and letting them report on their purchases to their friends for marketing.
everything is great! How have you been?
In shitty music hell! RT : don't hate on the Biebs man! Let the little dude cook!
I'll bring u a coffee naked as long as you bring me roscoe's chicken and waffles! Deal? Deal. You can just wear a clown nose.
Tweet Tweet Tweet Tweet! #LOL #I'mbored
i follow now.
Its cold outside yall, come get you some real Cajun Gumbo to warm up!
Watch any of her videos, not exactly heavy on the feminism.
I'm excited for prom no lie
Love is a scary thought, but it's something we must face one day
#Seau To prevent brain injury, I'd never let my sons play football. #OnFurtherThought I wonder what position Joe Biden played.
At my nana's house and the dumb stupid people are here :( damn I just hate em so much They're so stupid so nasty so blaaghhhh pleas go away
I'm impressed. The only thing I generate is static electricity.
sorry to keep bugging you, but have client that I need to get back to. Is there anyone there I could talk to for 5 min?
blended learning workshop @ #vss2010 very crowded room
Did anyone notice there was a guest at Renee's party wearing a FASCINATOR?
Karaoke PSA: If you do a Michael McDonald impression for too long, your voice will get stuck that way.
its christmas eve yay my fav! listening to christmas music and baking yummy goodies! :)
so i see you've met my boyfriend, he likes to do this thing where he pretends i don't exist
Stop holding on to stagedy ends clip them please don't it doesn't look good when the hair is long and thin!
you sing so amazing i love your sound keep it up !
Thanks for not treating me the same because of something you did (: secret sides to everyone.
First tweet from Kindle Fire.
I agree, but I think thats the symenatics of the sentence structure I use.
Daily "I miss the Bruins" tweet.
what's your workout plan?? Help a brother out! Lol
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMpvieTitles 2 Can Play That Game!
your welcome :)
Shadid was a journalist's journalist, like Whitney was a singer's singer, Hitchens a writer's writer, Jobs an entrepeneur's entrepeneur...
Thank you! Have a great day.
Does anybody know of any places with karaoke in the afternoon in Kansas City?
North by KanyeWest
We have tickets available for our show with Trust Company on August 6, 2009. Please contact us on myspace or txt 717.304.9017 for tickets
2 kids got in trouble at school for kissing on the stairs it was funny!!! Haha ;)
Kinda hard to right the ship after it has hit an iceberg. Repeatedly. And is on fire. While piloted by someone blind.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : Just Go With It (live updates)
ohh okay. well, i'll make sure to buy you cookies when you do, so lemme know!
RT I'm at Club Limelite already and goin in! Ladies we drink FREE all night! Downtown Orlando, Join me!!
come have a concert in the uk!<33
Happy Bday to my bro and high school teammate
WHO KILLED J.R.? drudgesiren.gif
Vendor Negotiation. How are you going to avoid paying too much for your food?
Why do I like "The Walking Dead" so much when I hate Rick, Lori, and Carl with a passion that makes me want to see them become lunch meat?
We miss you!! How many weeks til the next episode??
This back and forth video thing is amazing! I shall call it Genius!
Hey hon! We are doing great. Busy, busy.... How about you?
Just completed my fat melt treatment for the day. And I feel great.
Im bout to catch a Real attitude Real fast ...
YES YES YES RT : Q3 I'd get rid of the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act.
S///O to & always representing the #210!!
No way turns the ball over in that situation.
You can't disappoint Nat! He's got his Doritos Locos Tacos and in life that's all that matters.
In order to avoid shit, sometimes you gotta step in it
I've already watched Season 2 and it's amazing.
My new fav Blazer, fuck the ducks (and Canzano)
My brain feels like mush after spending literally 10 hrs staring at a computer screen!!!
Its all worth it though, right? Keep grinding Ms Burress!!!! #UBADD!
View the live stream of today's press conference on #Vatican docs released, at www.andersonadvocates.com.
Well said: SEO result is the net effect of all your online marketing efforts
watching the #suns vs #celtics #nba Amare rocks!
Remember "Early in the Morning" by the Gap Band? Oh my, I am dating myself but I am jamming. LOL!
Thank you !
Yes it Is, plus a new movie being released this summer!
I really need a massage!
You saw Austin?!?!
is the costume for #GenCon all done and ready?
we're pimpin' all over the world
#highlife yesterday night.
The Putting on of Shoes, a proven mother/son trigger point, is about to begin.
Dans Flooring billboards are so creepy! What's with that naked guy?? So random
Yay! My work week is over!
Awww. Thank you, Honey. You're a cutie, btw.!! Found you courtesy of :)
So when is GitHub for Lesbians coming out?
I want to win a gift card
Good cider tastes no more like apple juice than fine wine tastes like grape juice. Expect more from your cider! Join the Cider Revolution!
Presenting to Sage Millennium customers at SCMUG today. All about community and what's next with
Blake griffin that hoe
Got admin access to my new course site today. Soon it will be time for WordPress + wassail.
I feel like im being observed under a freaking microscope
So curious to see who will be in #Indy in a few weeks! Never have been so into the playoffs.
OMG I'm FREAKING out just tweeted to me aha
Still feeling odd about things, but what are you spose to do when its 1 against 50?
A boy who has no heart gets my love, I should no better.
I didn't think it was possible, but I think beer is even more expensive at Jeld Wen than Dodger Stadium.
800+mg of a magnesium blend at bedtime for a great nights sleep. Try it!
I want pictures
bottoms up
Hopefully these next 3 weekends will be AWESOME !! Lol
GM everyone!
I've been meaning to ask you, you went to SHM and ultra, which you like more?
Big bad wolf
Haha. I gave up half way through the first page, I'm terrible... Ha.
Had an awesome session with this morning... then showed the mix on his 3rd song! :)
Working on lesson plan for second class I have to teach
lol go buy whatever u want an ill cook it
I honestly don't know how one person can be so thoughtless.
has epic
This morning's challenge: coordinating any type of interview with a source in Singapore
TOO MUCH MAKE-UP ON A FACE IS NOT SEXY!!!!
Be happy. Be who you wanna be. If others doesn't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.
they had a great article last week about how masters athletes basically don't get weaker as they age too.
decorate your home with something new from Pear & Simple,
Italian hot and sweet sausage. Various clown shoe beers. Pretty good.
i miss you so! please open up shop in milwaukee. i'd even settle for chicago. please!!! love, a former camarillo barista
#808Pride why did god give us a heart if it was not ment to be broken so get over him cause ur
Excited for ze game tomorrow. :).
you da one in ma profile boo, i just love her too, she es special to me <3
We'd like to thank Concierge Consulting for their donation of art supplies to our #elementary #school program.
thank u for ur opinion.. Other mahomies.. Are just... Well... I keep that to myself but yeah.
$.50 off any cup of candy at Millie's if you check in on Foursquare between 7 and 10 p.m. today!
dear Justine. Please share the wealth. Kthanks.
RIP Steve.
Hi Alison. Wake up.
Goodyear Tire Swings to Loss - Wall Street Journal
The weather!!I LIKE!!! ;)
CSN you suck balls!! You made me miss the 1st quarter of the Bulls game just because you didn't want to bump the baseball game to CSN+ -_-
You just never know what demons your friends or family members may harbor. To take your own life, how sad you feel so all alone.
Strong incentive to cooperate against #Zombies, a global-counter zombie regime.
Ready to be out of school for this full week I kno I'm gonna be busy recording though
great to see Greg in the Washington Post this morning...
Damn !!!! Last time our hillbilly friends in Pittsburgh suffered such devastating losses "back 2 back" is when both Sunnys Surplus closed
Liberty Is Cheeks<U+2639> lml
Ralph Novak~ Reading this book is like waiting for the first shoe to drop.
no your a complete liar !! ;) hehe
omg that's SO GAY
W&M Faculty Committee proposes to eliminate the GERs, cut required classes in half, cut the required credit hours by 1/3:...
u look amazing!!! I love it! So gorgeous!!!!!
I was admiring the layout of your blog. It's nice on the eyes, easy to understand. Thanks!
thank you keep up the great work.
can you scout it independent of pitching performance? who are the best?
So close to 1,000 likes. Help us get there won't please?
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~Pablo Picasso
If you're a politician against "big government," make it smaller - resign!
what's the app called?
#TallWomenAppreciationDay??? I just can't.
Hunt vs kongo this will be all stand up and eventually hunt will find his target and put kongo down n out by brutal KO!
Never again will I go shopping at this freakn grocery store!! Ima stick to the two I already go to.
On my way to Columbus for OPAL's ACRL stats training.
The best wedding gift? Crisp Benjamins. A nick stack. No checks or money orders. The ultimate American gift that supports freedom.
hi justin i love you y i love selena
nothin like Bell County. I think u should come down here in June&do radio show or podcast from Cracker Barrel grand opening
Live fast, die beautiful
Countdown to Arlington, Tx..........2more days
I was overwhelmed by your ass !! Hahaah.
would you like me to send another track :-)
HOW YA DOING ???? HOPE YOUR HAVING A FINE DAY =D!!!
lol its alright. I didnt know that though.
I am completely obsessed with you& #newgirl season finale just made my roommate&I cry from laughing so hard, sosad it's over
Why that face
So addicted to Boyfriend.. I seriously can't stop playing it :/
The BCB’s annual 28th Home Fair Expo home show is February 24,25,26 at the Fair & Expo Center in Henrietta, NY
Im So Freakin Happy Right Now!!
had a good night with i needed that, thanxxx <3
I think I'm the only one that whispered "yes" when I saw the WNBA promotion during the Celtics vs Sixers game
no word yet. It's hard to say when :( :(
Statement was issued before the Retraction ep aired, so that's possible. But college Pres Usher seems to have staked ground.
Wow. That happened.
We're watching College Football on big TV's! Texas Longhorns vs. Texas Tech Red Raiders 11am at Darrell K. Royal – Texas Memorial Stadium
I Zumba hard or go home lol
then you wonder why you can't keep a nigga? try getting a man. SORRY I'm straight NIGGA not gone lie.
Be sure and wear your sneakers.
EXPECT AN ALL NEW CRCLGC MUSIC VIDEO filmed by Dominic Galeano! Can't wait for the finished product. Cheers suckas!
I wanna come
I miss my boyfriend
My #FF this week is I love seeing people do good with #HealthIT!
High School Musical sing-a-long at 's house!
Wow, cool! Congratulations!
I totally agree!
thanks for the #FF mention Clifford - have a great weekend!
We're closed tomorrow for the holiday! Happy New Year from the staff here at Bonaparte!!
there doing better. Next year were good
You're welcome, Tony! Hope you're having a great weekend!
RT ": BRB = I don't want to talk to you. LOL = I have nothing else to say. Cool = I don't care..."
Toronto is a cool town, and I'm not just saying that because my parents are from there :)
I tweaked my back by turning funny while showering before opening day, it was great. To be 30.
How could you possibly have a thought I don't want to hear? I live for the drops of randomness you sprinkle on the world.
It's this nigga on the corner wearing purple thinkin he gangster .... Cant be wearing that
well done. U guys made a difference!
Brews 'n Brackets is HERE! Come into any Tavern location and get a Game Piece today! Grand Prize Las Vegas Weekend for Two! Airfare-3...
where is Mick Foley when you need him.
WE NEED TO TRACK DOWN LIAM AND DANIELLE NOW!!!
has pretty hair. :D
I'm working on it!
thanks for hanging out with us in CITYCENTRE last night! Hope you had a great time!
Audition for Jared Jewelers today, had a great time as always... Thanks !
did an amazing job mastering the music for the update for the video game Pie Collect. It will be available for download soon.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. ~Frederick Douglass
you can easily translate the English pack to Arabic using the built-in language editor.
If i could id wear pajamas everwhere...the style police doesnt exist bc if they did they woulda stopped me by now
Skipping class with my jamaican sister for the 5th time this week
It was my first time and I went to your RD game in Frisco last september. :) It was awesome sorry you lost though.
just go hang with bums. They'll treat you good.
Hm poetry or comedy?
Promo Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Kershaw I agree with...CY Young
The people who developed #DogTV must have some really good weed.
Happy St. Patty's Day, folks!
Everyday we have a choice to be either the villain, the victim or the hero. Be the hero.
Lucky charms are so good.
yea lol its been so much fun , i wake up late , play basketball ,and ive been at a skatepark like everyday
why. Haha im at school right now! Faye said Hi. She misses you too.
I have to compile a list of stuff first, so hopefully I can get screenshots of these messages to people and from twitter :)
how long did you have braces for? I love your teeth(:
falling asleep to rain> #heavenlyy<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
which one luv ya follow
won't be the same without you though, you helped keep my sanity!
Beloved Google Indic Transliteration now helps w/ the hardest to type: Urdu! 11 N & S Indian languages in all. And Ta3reeb for Arabic too!
I'm okay with ppl in the union, as long as they don't mess stuff up. Which almost never happens.
From one humble alum, grad 93, welcome 2400 new alumni!
Love that my walk home consists of a stroll by Prospect Studios complimented by Chasing Cars on my ipod shuffle. So apropos.
yes, I can be there.
Sandhaus shows examples of mapping tools to link NY Times to Wikipedia and other resources
coffee and cake
Had a Spinach Salad with Walnuts & strawberries & peaches at Planet Dailies tonight!! It was yummy & nutrient rich..try it!!
what are FL Multitype Library Cooperatives? these are SEFLIN, NEFLIN, TBLC, SWFLN, PLAN. they provide librarian training, local services.
New research shows people who live in Hawaii have the healthiest behaviors in the US.
Hitting my hiatus in the summer tho
You think you cute in your Avi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Is it really appropriate to post information from an illegally hacked email account?
ayye im following u(:
A "routine search for missing people"? How much time is devoted to that?
heeyy.. At least I'm not the only one awake right now lol
oh ok
i was born 1996
OMG! WHEN WILL IT SNOW? D:
Thanks for the shout out!!!
Sipping on this pepsi hopefully this help my throat..
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night
Yelling "I NEED SOME TISSUE" and No One Is Home. -___- lol
it is called earplugs.. Use em and love em because when your that close trust me they help!!!
Yes!!! Last day of classes!!
#YouWereCuteUntil the light came on
Hello Twitter World! We are Portico Learning Solutions. We provide convenient and affordable online training.
I've only had them painted for one day
Excited to get some great new foodie tips from today!
Has taken ” take it easy” to a whole new level
False pretense.
did I need to turn anything in for the article I presented?
I just fed my dog Luke Cheerios!
ik girl! I miss u! No homo :)
go to Miranda lambert please!!!!!
HaHa! Good one.
I hope everyone had a Very Merry Christmas!!!! Miami was nice and sunny today and the Food Good. Yumm!
Fell asleep at 5 woke up at 1 and i have work at 5:30.. Fuck
wahh i miss you guys!!
We should follow the prototype's lead, & pray for strength to get #through the pain, or to let it pass by...and end with "Thy will be done."
w00t! RT : Last night was the best night of sleep I had in weeks! Thanks to the guys for making that happen!!
Or should I say, gave us the pieces to answer the question you gave him
But you got up there and spoke words many people are to afraid to face. That's what counts.
Alright. All packed and ready to go! Can't wait to kick some ass tomorrow with my lady titans! ;) <3 #InItToWinIt!
Being a licensed cab driver, I am a source of infinite wisdom.
With two ugly.people lol jk :-)
Anyone else annoyed by the new WPT commercial saying "More millions to be won"?
People use the word LOVE so freely these days, and provide no facts, or actions to support their THESIS !!
Wells Fargo’s customer service his horrible. It shouldn’t take 20 minutes for them to answer a simple mortgage question.
Enjoy reading all the awesome items you tweet and thanks for the RT.
Get your week started right! Stop in at the for your morning coffee.
love it, and they need lots of hope tonight.
Just finished putting together my presentation. Excited to visit you tomorrow and share examples of data as art.
wish I didn't have work in the morning. Love and happy birthdays to all of you!
What's Cabin In The Woods...is that like uh...a cabin in the woods?
“The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.” -- Gandhi
Ahh back to the quiet neighborhood again... :) Still more work to do!
But Crystal and my friend have to sign in, since they're not with Science Park, they're going as individuals.
Mario Williams is going to Buffalo huh? Everyone is allowed one horribly bad decision in their life
I sometimes take a females just natural niceness for flirting, I should know better than this by now, c'mon lol
ewe no.
Had a great weekend in Plymouth, NH, and greatly enjoyed the U Medieval & Renaissance Forum.
Congrats to ! Good luck in Miami. Fourth #Nevada player taken in this year's
Well--I dunno--this is a pretty cheap thesaurus. Maybe the English language doesn't actually have a synonym to describe what I do.
Birthday party at mom house tonight..
I pushed tweet too soon. Meant to also write "congratulations!!"
Krappy Draqula Ministry of Sheet Metal, Potato Resins and Sad Novelty Collections report No. 2333-1B: ALL MUST COLLECT ROOT BEER BOTTLE CAPS
AMAZING ARTIST SUPPORTERS....follow
Commish Scott: The system is not about about the test itself. Everything needs to be aligned. Not simply handing out bubble sheets.
Why is there still a stigma w/ dating websites?
So far stay with them. Once we stayed at a hotel when a whole bunch of other people were visting at the same time.
omfg i love you.
you think he'll still release a written decision? maybe sooner since he has no need to please MLB by keeping quiet?
awww I'm so sorry about your dog:('
I just had dinner at Alexander's in Cupertino. They let me make myself more cotton candy on the way out.
keep the words alive! I finished 2 scenes and am off to sleep. I expect a giant wordcount tweet when you're done :)
RT : #PRSAAnvil (Bronze) entries are due tomorrow. Will you be submitting your PR tactic?
Oh I need some of those sites as well!
don't start talkin shit like that then you little wiesle come out here you find out what's up, we do out here
blue would look better on you. RT : Officially...Sounder til I die! ;) thanks Seattle and
Yes it was VERY! Multiplayer was lacking majorly.
NOW: After 3 days of #SCOTUS arguments, Suffolk Law Prof Renee Landers recaps the hearings & answers your questions. What do U want to know?
Go to a club with your headphones on.
#Portland! I haven't been tweeting too much but I miss you all! For those who need #Chiropractic care, mention "#RCTID" to get a free exam!
We're thinking about a couple of options. We own a rental property that I would like to keep, so it complicates matters
I'm not a speed reader. I'm a speed understander.
Great remarks last night! Glad you were part of the evening!
sir, yes sir!
But later he traveled to South America and took ayahuasca, then wrote about it. Now he has turned more to speculative fiction.
Why am I at school so earllyyyyyy
You are the go-to guy for Yiddish!
The has funded gender work, youth radio and more...seeking projects where youth have agency and they become leaders.
you should discuss an analyst on saying the rangers window is closing as they are getting older....
Yeah I guess lol
...."are you free tonight? It's wildcat wednesday!"
Woke up this morning ashed a blunt in my Grammy award #Lil Wayne
likewise! Just checked out the baby galleries on your website - too cute!!
Ready for fantasy sports 2010?
“: Going to see yo off da chain choir concert ” holla!
while you're in l.a. you should let me show you around... in a ”non-scrubby” way of course ;)
I think that would be awesome! How soon til u promote?
right, shit. I'm gonna apply at places in the mall Friday when I go pick up my check.
We couldn't agree more TYSM !! RT Leslie was generous & amazing today!
Just got back from hot yoga. First day back in over a week! Oh, and I passed my written exams!! Hooray!!
That is awesome.
I've gotten one (:
Got make yourself number 1 if you want to be taken seriously
It's 11pm the night before a shoot. I've had nothing more than vague references to requirements with no confirmations to location or time
Just tapped Three Skulls Dried Hop the Plank IPA.
I need a cool, new iPhone case
I swear that you don't have to go
come see me at the student works symposium!! pahlease!
aww you're the best. I am staying in bed.
You mad bro? Nah, I ain't even mad. Oh, you mad. Haha
It's too fucking..hot at detention with Jessika
-- green grass / between, between the blades / the color of the water #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
To answer your question Hes asain duhh remeber the commercial where he was doing karate? Chinks love that shit!
Is there anywhere else I can send my comments to ur mag? Everytime I try to submit a story or embrassing moment it wont take.
Goodbye, world, I just got Max Payne 3.
I'm strongly opposed to
ew I know. But I know some fun poway kids ;)
LOL. RT I'm sad that the Internet is killing bookstores, buy I'm glad it's killing cable.
Morning Fee! How ya doing?
Drummer Ralph Peterson plays the Firehouse12 in New Haven,Ct this Friday.Should be a good show.
Congrats to the team on their big win!!!
St8 up !!!!RT : If you love everybody you ever been with YOUR A FUCKING JOKE.!
Me too! Rooting for you, !! RT : Crossing my fingers for Chris Mann!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW! HE'S AMAZING <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I dont no you new niggas from back in the day
The dentist should conduct himself as a tattoo artist or brazilian wax lady. Don't stop til you finish!!!!!
Ditto. I'm Team Peeta as well -- all about the girl getting the nice guy who is good for her. It works better in real life.
I'll tell you the names I picked out for my earthquake baby if you promise not to steal them.
it's cool bro
you are full throttle...Help me tackle a dream of hosting #SNL by reposting!!! and then introduce me to one of KP's friends!!!
Unfortunate, but After the end of first half, sorta thought it was headed that way.
Life is easier too just be a manwhore. But then again I have Respect for myself
It could be worse! But overall things are going pretty smoothly. :)
can you post it. I didn't get to hear it :(
Thanks Cameron and you as well Taylor!!!
Nothing new in this world indeed...
Dat voice. Seriously though, his covers are amazing. Thanks for sharing!
me too! Hit me back pimp
why no wine fest???
Not sure, but no doubt they're out there. Time for some searchin' and researchin'.
#NFL32 Bengals lack consistent drafting n smart decisions to be relevant in discussion involving my #Steelers n Ravens
YMCMB = YOUNG MONEY CASH MONEY BILLIONAIRES.
One more thing, check out www.vinoverite.com for more information about their #amazing #wine !
Ahh, a night off. :)
M the smell of cats and formaldehyde. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
yep, pretty lame
Cool! The blog is here: www.KatieKrueger.com/blog.
Depending on where you work, one might come to you. Transportation Management Associations are passing out seat covers all month.
Write "Haylay" like that it's a shame! What's that story about this stolen song? #illiterate !
Radical rethinking of our space in the cosmos + universal love + club music + renegade storytelling through acts of civil disobedience.
Today was a total beach day. Was anyone at the beach today? This Mexican fly honey is going mañana, need to get a tan going to look Mexican.
Who was the lucky girl you took to prom! ;)
RIGHT!? Thats what I was thinking! I cant even cum up with anything for this TT lol (That song is all lies too -_-)
damn right my charger is coming to school with me
New Profile pic. Let us know what you think!
it wouldn't be fair for me to enter! LOL RT Are you gonna enter the contest?
listening to them now!
I would love it if someone would come keep me company (snuggle me) right now!
New fave song.. Stupid boy by t. Mills
This man defines the word 'class': "Kanye West Drops His Pants On Date With Kim"
For all the happy moments you allowed us to be a part of, we are thankful ! Happy Thanksgiving from Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
yeah. they stopped around jan/feb. don't know why it stopped or why they started again. hm. very strange.
lol i know.
Check out all TryOut's events coming up! visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com, myspace.com/dj_pre_mo, or stay posted here!
ActorsBreakdown Actors Breakdown Maybe the word- genius should be changed to - Sheen ius
Henry Ford had an engine running by 1893 but it was 1896 before he built his first car.
Just had a moment of awe when I get my Wharton email address.
Pro Tip: no sunlight, never get them wet, and no food after midnight. Also, don't say Beetlejuice three times.
Crashing off days of Red Bull and pent up expectation.
Often, when I am reading a good book, I stop and thank my teacher
You're AWESOME!
Must be nice to be rich. I'm too poor to vote
I'm a proudosth of you.
Mom just told me to 'keep it on the down low.'Judging by the growth rate of her millennial vocab,I predict she gets on Twitter in 2-3 yrs.
shouldered Zubrus in the head long after the puck was gone. Got called
Stout on top of cider or wine... none of which are beer to be pedantic, which I am being... but, yes. :D
Religious people appear to be very intolerant about how other people live. This is strange. Christians and Muslims have this problem largely
I dnt wanna fall for someone who's too busy for me
Duck Dynasty on :) one more reason to smile this reason!
What a good day!
I'm on edge right now, and I really shouldn't be.
Keyra :) and you?
Tweet #TeamTonyCash For More Followers!
Citrus Salad with Mint Sugar Recipe from Bon Appétit
So why was the weather bad
L L
About to go on a little road trip for work. I get to drive all the way to Escondido (80 miles)! Yaaaaaay!
location possibly. Maybe you had a clever tweet. At this point I don't remember.
That way NSDC doesn't need to own the kit & members can use it for anything.
I agree with RT : Q4) With the right attitude, the skills can be acquired.
"Let the morning bring me word of ur unfailing love for I have put my trust in u. Show me the way I should go for to you I entrust my life."
Go to Pulse tonight should be hot tonight
This reminds me of the Victorian era when fashion created major spinal problems.
Wanna Get Drunk With Ed HELL YEAH. THAT'S OUR JAM
it's been a year since i've used twitter. does that make me an early user?
O that is a good topic!
M Panera lunch with Mom. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E><U+2615>
Thanks for the follow
Yeah...it's nice to add another fellow Utahn and Winged Lion to my online world. And I'll 2nd that "Go Jazz!" senitment.
Today begins the Hotel Half-Off Holiday Sale, get our rooms for 50% during the holidays while you can! #HHHSale www.hotelhalfoff.com
Our 4G Wireless Internet service is $45/month UNLIMITED Usage. Modem is $50. Download speed is 6 Mbps. 7-day $ back guarantee.
In the studio working on new song w is gonna be loving this one!!!
How'd it go? RT : weve had docents do this! (ask visitors to live tweet a tour)
I've just signed up 144.8 GB. These data could just signed up for the sidewalk.
shes just acting like im her friend.. and thats it
Huh? “: Harbs said it was a "foregone conclusion" that Cam would say on as O-coordinator."
If you enjoy a gamey flavor, I do recommend the Venison Sausage with Port wine. Only $4.25 give it a shot with caramelized onions
Preety warm today
G2G DRAMA/ GLEE CLUB IS STARTING!!!!
School is going to kill me, I am sure of it. I am so tried. So so so tired.
you are super stunning!!! Have a blast!
I did! Although there are too many gourmet cupcake places in LA. I'm spoiled I think
AEGIS carries the new knives from Monument Tools. These are ergonomically-designed and effective for windshield removal!...
Even when you've closed out Camtasia? Are you getting an error when you try to delete?
I'm at bar. Probably won't stay long. But would be nice to say hi.
My new Fav Follow
so weird that it's "tomorrow" there and "today" in the US and there today was yesterday. #randomthought LOL :)
How about Patrick Towles leading by example already...first to sign in the 2012 class!
:) heh yea I'm that weird....being sick is actually rlly fun!
LaRC staff Leon Miller (a new SAA Fellow!) and Eira Tansey are pictured in SAA's newest Archival Outlook. See p. 15 and 19 for their mugs!
The major theme from last night's conference finals: Galaxy's 3 designated players win game, Sporting leave their 2 DPs on bench and lose
don't get me started.
People assume that I can't hold my liquor because of my size
When we went out there in late May 2007, the day we got there, there was a little snow on ground/rooftops. Next day 80 degrees
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
being stressed and working on hypermodernism project.
shutup bitch. No one likes him.
we do that :) www.readprint.com
250 FREE business cards w/purchase of Design. Already have one? 1000 Business Cards for $39.99!!! Call 720-542-6105!!!!
Can be! Pic helps but laugh in it! Gotta laugh life to short! RT : OMG - hilarious! That bad??? ROFL :-D
Good God refs!! This is a foul fest!!
haha yeah you def don't want to carry that much to a show!
Almost 6 PM ----- tired, body hurts hard day at work --- think I will take a nap
I forgot to run clean water through the coffee maker after doing a vinegar cleanse. Now I have to wait to make coffee
“: #WishfulThinking Royal 1s with banned 1 materials” only if....
Chocolate mints >
When people look at me with weird and mad looks, it creeps me the fuck out I offend them. LOL!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 2
I like the guy but man he can try your patience.
Congrats on the Grant!
Thank yous so much!! HUGS!! <3
did you receive it?
Almost only counts in horseshoes, hand grenades and nuclear weapons...
and said Liam was ugly. A girl said today "Did you know Liam is British?" to her friend. I heard and thought "god ur a stupid b*tch."
Study study write write study study.. thats my plan for here on out!! gotta make mama proud :).
Never letting go through my pictures again. Hahahah. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
getting your shopping done for the summer?
I'm available to speak at your graduation, event on theme: Hope in a Hopeless Age
Agree! RT : It's getting hard & harder to stay at my desk when everyone is knocking off early to go outside & play.
Went for a really nice run tonight, which is extra wonderful because my run this weekend sucked. Feeling like less of a running failure.
glad you like 'em
deep into my new iian m. banks book on my kindle. i want a tablet!!!! but will wait to see if galaxy and ipada are what i buy.
no. Diekman was a draft pick in 2008 or 2009, I think.
I read hard copies of #HungerGames and #CatchingFire . Started listening to #Mockingjay , but the narrator sounds...old. :(
Makeover! Check out the new look. Hope you like it! (Don't tell us if you don't--it took us 2 hours to find a non-ugly free theme we liked.)
Killed it last night at Supperclub...every-time it is crazier and crazier!
I agree
Circles pop-up box: "This post was originally shared with a limited audience – remember to be thoughtful about who you share it with."
“: “: Crean looks like a serial killer.” with a twist of shady stank used car salesman” and a touch of pedophile.
Where's the corn palace?
I never noticed that, but you are totally right!
With one quarter remaining, Idaho leads Bakersfield 72-58
hey you when we gonna skype?! X
preparing podcasts for recording this week - "mediation advocacy" and a primer for our new online calendaring feature...
I love u sweetie. U r everything I've ever wanted
Just not the same, man. Just not the same.
I'm sure there will be a few 10am drinkathons during the planned summer festivities
then def. don't see the pics on getty of his mom outside his house.
Are you excited for the holiday? What are your plans?
& force recovery?
(2 of 2) violation of Acceptable Use Policy. Violation is clearly not our fault. Needs to be resolved, like, yesterday. Thanks.
Sweet RT : not me but good luck to you! and I will be cheering you on!
oh god help us RT : It's going to get crazy tonight, 4 guys 1 Girl at Mi's Westside in Santa Monica
thanks for the RT!
not happy to read that my chipmunk-ish cheeks could be around for another week or so
We're on it!
what u mean?
prostitution really wasn't that common and everyone should chill. Kind of weird timing...
Finally made it to ...not disappointed at all! Great atmosphere and very complex flavors. I will come back for sure!
By Beat I mean BEST! Lol
Just got my new apartment downtown. Moving in this weekend
u make a strong case, however state polling suggests Obama is doing well in swing states & Romney had equally bad incidents
doesnt love me. She wont suffer for me. ):
Thanks for the #creative love Lu. Everyone please #follow the best rapper in #Ireland, Miss Lucci Minx
dont lose faith wish he would follow me to just keep trying
because coffee is <3
Happy New Year Everyone!
Ttyl after this class. My weekend start at 3:20 or earlier. What up though???
Wait, wait! you are DRIVING??
you need a life but before that get out of mine
Great fun playing Commons today in NYC , but tragedy of the commons: that we can't revisit our photos. Next time!
RE: #tdlp audio. Yep, we're using 's built-in recording feature, which reduces audio quality. ()
m skittles :)
Cotto only won 3 rounds.. Get him outta here<U+2755>
Homework done... Now it's time for sleep to get ready for a long day of packing, moving, and driving...
Passing along life advice without living it is like trying to drive a car from the back seat.
Bob Sheer critiques meritocracy in education, B Clinton, Obama, journalism at
dude i dont know its tiring
"You better take good care of me Lord, if you don't you're gonna have me on your hands." Hunter S. Thompson
Hey, at least Dook has football season to look forward to, oh wait, never mind.
You're welcome!
only 24 hours to go ....
iight sounds good
So excited for Saturday. The alligator pear salad makes its debut along with the typical 2.5 lb.
Happy Hump Day to all! The weekend fast approaches, ye haw!
It's time I told you what people have been saying behind your back. (NICE ASS)!
You tryin' to turn me on?
Just saw a car damn
haha what's up?!(:
Fair enough, they have some time on us. We are young and working on it.
Love it RT :
Dj nate lol i remember when he came to my school hoes was thirsty did he ever get famous
Just came across the author's name "Takewaki Izuru". I guess "Tatewake Hikaru" isn't beyond the realm of possibility.
I took it out of my bag then to move to the top and nearly forgot to put it back in;-)
Very good nap.
It's Monday, go scare your stall-neighbor at your local Target's bathroom!
It's been awhile, but i'm back. And harder than ever.
#EBUS118 and from Trivera Interactive are good people to follow in Milwaukee for interactive communications
what's crackin
in a world full of peaches never ask for applesauce TM i tm-ed it so its my sayin ha
KU-34 Detroit-24 at the half. KU ends half on 15-3 run. Still a little nervous about this game.
I already bottled a red ale, and the stout will be ready in a month or so. Let me know next time you're on the island :)
Be careful downloading IOS 5. Servers are locked up and my phone was out of commission for hours!
Great News from the ESBC! The 2012 ESBC will be broadcasted live over the Internet on March 24, 2012
Hope everyone had as great of a weekend as I did
Good morning people! Take a deep breath & Remember "God is in Control!!" Have a great day!
whats your favorite number?
Yeah, I've noticed that.
Thanks for the info, I'll check it out sometime. Hope your having a great weekend!
I hope so! I can't wait. Lego store for my son and DVF store for me. :)
that's a nice way of saying
Do great things RT : Watching steve jobs special "one last thing" - takeaway thus far- anybody can achieve anything
Yay! B blessed; don't 4get 2 read the insert ~ both message n music! Declaring that God is faithful and good! Luv ya right back!
Nice-I ran it last yr. Thankfully race day start/transport/corral process is better run than today's lottery announcment
2277 Wal-Mart units opened in MX since 2000: I thought local media would be salivating after NYT report
sounds lovely. I'll bring lots of fruit and mint and peach iced tea.
im think or what haha but your adorable with anything <3 haha best pic ever
i text u nigga
Sounds like it's leaning toward murder-suicide, although no determination yet on the girlfriends death. Thx for the updates
oh good! glad you both enjoyed it =] It was great seeing you this weekend, really was!
"Can't file you taxes from you phone," #140cuse ...maybe not but you can file a tax extension
did curb dog go to the game? #isthisprivatepropertycurb?
"Children learn to smile from their parents." -Shinichi Suzuki (via: )
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
yooo....whats up with a feature on a song of yours lets colab 1 day
Just scored a ticket to #TEDxCLE next month Looking forward to taking part in this great program.
It all comes down to this
Thought and prayers going out for those at Chardon High School.
Oh welk who gives a damn anymore
My Computer Is Finally Fixed ! ^_____^
thank you for the follow girl,
Since we admit we're not cops, can we pick up chicks here? because we got some hotties following us that we'd like to show our handcuffs to.
The soundtrack for is really strong, but my favorite track is "Nothing to Remember," from Check it out!
I prefer "YOU-duh-SEE-uns," but admit "you-DAY-shons" would sound better in a 1950s B-grade movie. "The Udacians are coming!"
NORMA..THANK YOU 4 RE-TWEETING OUR RANKINGS..SPREADING THE SQUIRREL-WORD MEANS MUCH 2 ME..TONY..F/S..(SQUIRRELS RULE)!!
I try to please you,
Eating Pb&j For Dinner! :)
Headache from hell
Looking for a keyboard player and a soloist. If you or someone you know would be interested, please contact me at .
Guest posts next week from gift-curators-extraordinaires on gift guides for him and her!
im jk about that last tweet
Man, I didn't realize I needed to carb load before this O's game. I still think my Beastie Boys mix will bring a win
This is ridiculous. I'm sitting at my desk with a shirt, sweater and wrapped in a blanket. And I'm still cold.
Thanks so much for coming in- glad you loved the crab cakes!
Great job, man! You're already an inspiration.
happy birthday to myself
Me too...but apparently not.
At home wondering if I could make any more mistakes in my life
I just started my first Vince Flynn book. Thanks for the suggestion #GoRangers & I don't mean the hockey team!
You can get ready to pack it up when - you confuse how long someone has worked for you with loyalty.
dont be jealous
Thinking of going back on facebook after dropping it in November...
Yawns again!!
Good Luck George!
On my way to get these applebees happy hour drinks :)
The British #mother, Russian mother, Chinese mother, American mother ... a German mother, or Italian mother. It's all the same. [1943-02-14]
You made a fool of yourself.
So happy Christopher Plummer won best supporting actor! What an amazing actor!!!
Every morning I hold my face under a hot shower and pretend that I'm awake.
I think it can be. There are several ways it can be utilized.
Nice job Ryder and Santino
Meanwhile, it's now $70 CHEAPER to fly RT Chicago-Birmingham AL than Chicago-ATL. And don't even think about MKE-ATL.
muito obrigado a todos Brasil Ethnic Products Project with ABBA and Apex .. see you tomorrow with more news ....
John Legend Who ?
I love awot
Grammy themed #gamenight coming up! Nominations were whack!
Pulling out of Murfreesboro and headin up to Louisville, KY to play w/ Louisville Groove @ Gerstle's Place. Should be groovy!
Greatest day ever
Packers Sunday Special! $1 off drafts & dumplings if leading at half time. 1/2 price drafts & dumplings if they win the game! Go Packers!
K east coast, what did you think of on So Random?? Call Radio Disney! Plus Cool Parent Challenge & Code Word coming up!
last minute move from CA 30 to Hyland 1000. See you there!
THANK YOU RIGHT BACK AT YA!!!!! Have a great weekend too!
RT Urban Meyer says meeting Braxton Miller today was the highlight of his day.
so how would you explain Dinosaurs, and fossils of our common ancestors
My dad he says are u ok I said yes he says r u sure if not I will be out there tomorrow aw daddy it's just a lil cold I will b ok
NO change it back!
Best way to wait in line on Stoney brook is listen to some deadmau5 #nowplaying strobe
I look forward to it
Got my camp form today!
Looks like Edelman did a better cover job than McCourty.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Agree. Great Point. ideal world, the online work of providers would be to educate/inform... let hospital reps do PR
Happy Belated Birthday Ms Bacon!
GOAL FOR CITY!
Oh nice! How was it?
Didn't Lou catch for Carmona last year?
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.- Tim Duncan
Want to make this dreary rainy day brighter? Go for a #run!!
my apologies for the trouble, please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll have acct reviewed/corrected for you
RT - Tigres vs Pumas, Atlas vs Xolos, New York Yankees vs Detroit Tigers, New York Jets vs New England Patriots.
+1 : BREAKING: sources in florida tell me Morty Seinfeld will win the Del Boca Vista condo board elections
great end of summer book deals: www.genealogical.com/
so pumped to start cosmetology school
I have only lived here, for 1 month and its been repeat drama
I write my best motions and briefs while listening to Metallica!
Did you get any fruit to go with those or for dessert?
Luckily, it wasn't my phone.
Thanks for performing magic on ice, thanks for being a hard working guy every shift. Wish you much success with Calgary.
TY Jesus RT Dallas churches will ring bells at 11 a.m., an expression of gratitude that no one died in last week's tornadoes.
Watching I Love Lucy in history and I'm the only one laughing...
Food sucks
Thanks, see you there!)
AND thank you artists that donated for the Furnace Show last spring! Our dreams have come TRUE! *excitedstagleap*
The office holiday party! Excited!
Won't be tweeting for q while...hope I don't lose any followers
watching youtube videos about dancing cats...wish there was something else online to watch...
Let it go, give it all to God. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Your not the only one <U+E413>
So young, barely legal.
Thanks for the follow and the hot tips
Whipped Cream&Other Delights satisfies both island scenarios. You'd quickly go insane, but you'd be alone so...
Shhh how I love my buddy Payton yesterday at the volleyball game he ran around th e gym witha poster of his gf name they r the cutest things
may i ask...how much time is left?
Follow back? :) Im a new #mahomie <3
London Overgound FTW!
At least when I was at work I felt somewhat productive. Now I just feel like a bum. Oh well. Catching up on my shows.
so glad u enjoyed it!!! Thanks for coming out
yeah huh!
So true, steaks, burgers & dogs... the grill was still hot so we threw on some chicken breasts for grilled chicken salad.
Singers, Great information about music business and building your fan base !Check out
me too. But I'm glad I watched it.
Golfing was great today.
because my parents want to be away from the "city" and out in the country area.
Grow food not war? Hmm.... lul..
Men & women who have gone to war, gather w/ their families & friends for a dawn service that heralds the start of #ANZACDay |
OMG Brilliant! The Gamay Rouge Jello Shots were a big hit!
You say "stupid high school prank," I say "assault"; let's call the whole thing off!
u needtu b sleep anyway
That's awesome!!! Congrats!!!!
swear i did!
Midnight job interview? This is very telling of the expected hours to be put in if I get the job....
She just ADORES anything touches....!! And she loves hats, so this is double dynamite! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Since like...Wendsday? lol. Yeah, thats when I got my license :p
Don't tell friends what is in a banh mi before they try it.
I've gotta win the lottery ASAP this work shits getting old real fast!
can you play some Ed Sheeran? And Follow me please love? :)
Always :) Hope you're having a fabulous weekend!
Salsa Classes Today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Intermediate:15; Advanced:30!
Hello there! Hope your Monday is going well. Cool fall weather here in #NYC!
Three Mile Island is TMI.
Love to. We're scheming about a labor technology conference. I'd love to brainstorm with another labor geek.
All girls wants is for boys to actually mean it when they say "I love you.
Let's get it in...
u really need glasses?
Road trips are soo boring....all I see is corn fields
do you know if Napoli is staying with Rangers?
Coach Doba is in his flight back for Cougar Week in Spokane, bring on Great Games in Cougar History!
Watching The Vow (:
Love it! RT : Guys: today I need to be tech free. I'm going 2 conquer the day, laugh w my daughter, NOT be online. Happy...
Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned. Harold S. Geneen -
The service for Josiah Lewis today was beautiful and bittersweet. God be with family, friends; remember tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
Thanks, BH! I'll hunt u down. ;)
Random: Why is America's Next Top Model still on? Has it produced even ONE top model?
Merry Christmas from WebCamWindow!
lol if you watched the video you would know why I am doing this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'd be happy to do a post. DM me the guidelines. Thanks!
So proud of for her presentation at
I have more time ahead than behind me.
well said man
when is the video coming out???
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.
happy weekend!
Would u ride for me
Clarence are you gloating?
I'm hungry
What do you think of the Union's new plan for the GlassBox? Are you fore or against reducing the public Terrace Space?
is using the same definitions. Otherwise, as u just did, u end up defining things in overly convenient ways and u end up
hey they poo
omfg. I think after watching that #MTN is my new favorite Gaga song. She NAILED it!
Expect two no's before the yes! Dale Carnegie via Jen Holloway.
#100thingsilove s Friends!
you are welcome
Follow Me Back??:)
And tide pools and maple trees and cable knit sweaters and clam bakes and little red barns. (I assume.)
you are VERY welcome! “: Thanks for the follow!”
Freakishly warm for a mid-November morning and a weird sky. Even in Cincinnati. Wonder what's coming our way.
Collapsed left lung, but okay. Thanks for all the support of my friends, teammates and nc state staff! Will be running soon.
Not much #catstigraming going on lately, I thought it was going to be an epidemic....
Headed over to for a cupcake class recommended to me by at least 3 people! Live tweeting is a distinct possibility
All I want is a place to call my own :)
UGH i Hate When My Phone Dont Be Receiving Calls Then The Person Think I Just Didnt Answer !
Haha so cute how always says jerk just to not say a bad word
looks yummy!
so that he don't wake the neighbors
yea u gettin money but we fly over ya tour bus
try again...got digital photos that you think would make good postcards...let bmore youth use them to learn business hhtp://www.zazzle.c ...
Crash (2004) RT What is the most critically acclaimed movie you have hated?
All the lil folks in class right now. #SeniorsBaby 12
"Pizza Hut" or Lupus?
shopping for online video recording software (to record 2nd Life conversations). Any recommendations?
24 hour fitness lol it was interesting
Oh, gee. I've neglected Twitter for awhile. Well, I have a three day weekend now. Trying to figure out where the fun begins.
Lost my cousins in these streets.
RT : : can hist become partnership? Give visitors data and tools to help answr historic questions.
I'm going to be in washington june 3rd ... ima miss mtv movie awards ;c
RT : You are welcome. Glad to help. You and are working for a great cause. Thank YOU!
RT : Overheard at Digital Publishing World: "Publishing today is like building an airplane while you're flying it."
Why do I change phones more than underwear.. cant wait til im finally on team iphone :(
He is going to be traveling all over Europe. Plans he has had since before meeting me. Which I completely understand.
God Love US Hood Ni€€az.
It's late night #3 this week for me! and the Velvet Lapelles at Kitty Cat Klub FREE tonight at 9!
were you listening?
how r u doing in this 2012
by who
now your swinging low...i thin they were like the 2nd cd i ever bought...its not very good
got in trouble for talking too much with a customer, wtffff! -_-
Aw man, yeah I remember both. It was exciting and fun but I'm sure Lando kept things just as eventful. :)
OMG you are SO fucking hot...
My beer is too full.
Atlanta bound. Just an old sweet song keeps Georgia on my mind...
pop on FB if u can.. im back home :)
im having a pumpkin carving party tonight too!! but i was not on KTLA or E!
Congrats to all out local college graduates! You made it! :)
it's courageous to re-make a flick with such a strong K Bacon history. But I have high hopes. My vote: hit.
Lmao downloaded the draw something game and someone by the name of suciaa22 adds me to a game lmaoo
This was RIGHT ON TIME!
where are you this week. We should knee on your side of town before diapers and bottles are a night out.
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.-- William Wordsworth
Spent 9 hours yesterday in my 1st business bootcamp class w I am so energized & ready 2 take over the world!
lol that's normal though I think. Helps you know where the cuts go!
JUST WHEN I THOUGH TODAY COULDN'T GET ANY BETTER.
yes sir! I will be.there!
How R u?
I don't think any of Marilyn's DNA is there to water down the dumb.
ill secretly admit i like a man in control(;
Ah. Saw it is in Minnesota... Someday Louisiana will catch up...
networking, meeting people, spreading pink, green, and brown love throughout the weekend!
ikr lmfao!!! that was freaking funny eliot kept telling me to shut up! xD
Bush and Robinson
Keep fighting that fight! You have much support!
We r now getting n2 the 2nd hr of the Latin Jazz Cruise. Support Latin Jazz in any amount @ 800-499-9246 or online @
RT : "The first draft of everything is shit.” Ernest Hemingway (1899 – 1961) Writer, Journalist
Walkin at #Night seems so peaceful
I wonder if my thumb is broken
lmaooo! I'm sorry but honesty hurts
Freaking Meshack and their peeps. "DAYYYYNA! DANA! DANA!"@ iloveburgers. So embarrassing! *facepalm
feist and business
thank you!
#AllTheyDoIsWin Go Spurs Go!
Just came back from my contract signing
i have just one question WHY????? Didn't we get enough from the first movie?? Ok that was 2 questions.
personal exp is with district syst I put up, but hosted, like #iacopi, is also frequent. IA AEA's host a server for state PD.
I just finished a 4.51 mi run with a pace of 9'00"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
i just might be ;] lol
I'm super excited to go. This secret is going to be hard to keep!
i wish i didnt have to forget my myspace password - __-
Getting loads of spam sent to my phone via text lately. You can tell the holidays are coming.
hit me up!! Better come out with us tonight!
does not see much of a future for the print book.
Thx for following. Hopefully you'll enjoy my epub tweets.
Looks like its just me tonight...daughter sleep...mii sister && went to the movies guess I'll just watch lifetime til I K.O :(
I WISH I CAN DM BUT HE IS NOT FOLLOWING ME!!!!! :((
Baby,you should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything you want and need baby good love &protection make me your selection
Do you know what was delightful #reading? CRUSH: THE THEORY, PRACTICE &DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OF LOVE by Gary Paulsen. Cover is 2 young, tho
“: I wonder when is going to come out with their beer so and and I can drink it!” :)
Facebook isn't working for me. Thanks for the msg. U free for tomorrow's chat w my students? Dinner today is cool. Break a leg!
Im soo upset that I would be able to see in concert..:/
I hope you feel better soon :) That sucks
We saw Voldemort at the mall. He was getting Jamba.
and this is coming from the spoiled bitch who says she hates her mom for not getting her an iPhone. shut the fuck up.
Virtual #Netflix WI on Windows guest 512MB, Linux host. Choppy video, horizontal scan lines on #VirtualBox, good video on #VMware Player.
I,m having fun on my Ibanez BTB 6 de-tuned 1 whole step,It truly is a great instrument.If you NEED a 6 this is it! And you won,t go BROKE!
Feel guilty watching when it's such a nice day outside!
I still keep my MYSPACE page because I did LOVE it for being able to express yourself better through graphics and music.
Dear study group, I have three finals tomorrow, I really dont have time to wait 30 minutes for you to be late. Xoxo I need to study
#BecauseOfYou I've got a smile on my face and I'm feeling happier than I've been in months :)
Raining....yet sunny? Oh Arizona :))
Welcome to all Bramson ORT College Fall 2011 Students, classes have resume this Monday September 26, 2011!
What about Prince at SB? I thought that was better than U2.
“: Is The Best Band Ever! :D” D'aww ;D thank you!! That makes me so happy.
does added desingation mean you bring an AJbombers to Madison??? We can eat peanuts and tweet within a reasonable drive?
Vex tf bin dead all friggin day
Our office is SO HOT.
Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 3):
good seeing you again last night for bday!
hahaha....go yanks
Performance art: Nichols was reading a speech Gov. Brown delivered yrs ago.
Use meaningful names. The name of a variable, function or class should tell you what it does or why it exists. If a name requires a comment…
#MY NEW ORLEANS SAINTS STRIVE FOR GREATNESS SONG WILL BE ON ITUNES TOMORROW... ALL SUPPORTERS PLEASE GO BUY IT....
mr.ensign complaining because I had a 3.7 gpa and my boyfriend was white trash
Holy See: Rejects text based on the prevalence pro-abortion language.
Last Day to win a $200 Honey Baked Ham in the Chevy's Giving More Holiday Sweeps...
I'm frantically trying to get things organized to get out of town. Still have about 1000 things to do.
Gearing up for the new year - September is always the start of a new year for me! Don't give in to bad economy...keep moving! Helene :)
brownie points for trying.
Venus Williams powers past Jankovic in straight sets to advance in Family ... - Washington Post
Meet clients at our regular place where they know our name and treat us with affection and respect. This speaks volumes to the client
Preach it girl.
I don't know what's wrong. M twitter won't let me DM you. My email: my first initial, last name, "at" sign and wqed-dot-org.
Great rehearsal tonight even though we only had like 4 people
RT : Finishing gifts 4 Moms & Babies 4 Community Baby Shower May 12. Baby Showers r such a...
HRJOBBOARD.COM are taking suggestions on which charities to support. Please tweet us with your thought.
Hey Carol..
yooo where u able to find out how to get p value?
im nervous did u get a call yet
And that is why she was the runner up!
Lord somebody done robbed the ghetto Wal-Mart in Miramar, FL. They're bold robbers because the employees in that store are rude and thuggish
Thank you! Im pretty proud I didn't shed 1 tear during the whole thing haha- lots of physical therapy in the near future tho
OH at : "We're starting a website in DC to sell the more valuable items." And then I cried. Don't take the fun out of it. :(
dude speaks Arabic by chance?
Human progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevitability..without hard work, time becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation-MLK
Make the little things count, so teach midgets math..
I love panera! I wish we had them out here!
Time to color the eggs... #Ryan'sMommy
Plain jane ass bitch
Wow just read...that's a shame...too bad they don't sell MAC at JC Penny's LMAO iKid...
congrats, those guys can be tough!
Putting the finishing touches on the Senior Ambassador training manuals. New class starts next week!
Would love to hear more on interactive Alts to g2m
4:20 FUNNY | When do monkeys fall from the sky? During Ape-ril showers!
"SNAFUs create scar tissues in your teaching soul." -- Char Booth
To do it right, you need to be willing to be wrong
single lets go out to cleeves and find some trailer park girls haha
We can't change the world unless we change ourselves. #YUP ...
I agree. We were guessing that it's probably produced to appeal to a more mainstream Hollywood tourist audience.
NP! WE LOVE KTU & GREAT SITE YOU HAVE MATT! 'From the city that LOVES to dance' - we definitely do :) Ava & Loretta
[Passive aggressive tweet here]
Old FTFD fueled workouts are the best.
im in love with a stripppppperrrrr
Happy Friday Twitter Friends. Remember today is the Wedding Connection at 6pm
Worse tweeter ever, seriously
lights out, like roar.
But you are still allowed to say DAMN, I hope? I don't think one can talk about digital asset management w/out swearing.
when are you guys back? I want to mob up some pret
This was intentional. Did you come see the show? It's a spoof of many Hitchcock films.
Poker de messi.
This sixers game is not bad. Actually has me interested in a basketball game.
That sad moment when you can feel you and your best friend slowly drifting apart.
Should be on my way to Staples Center right now for Kings game in an hour but damn flu won't let me : (
Fuck critics, you can kiss my whole ass hole
Went looking for new winter boots, found bad customer service instead.
I'm a big fan of the beef bulgolgi tacos with kimchi. Call me traditional. (Does that word work in this context?)
Great! Can you DM me your email or email me at - I'll send you info and invite you to the site. Thanks!
May the wind always be on your back and the sun upon your face and may the winds of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars
“You’re going to need a bigger boat.” Jaws (1975) (Brody)
Need to go grocery shopping
What a great movie!
You do that, you make the team this year.
which sucks cause my gfix card and CPU should be able to handle that easily, but it's better than nothing i guess
thanks for the shout out famo! U see the songwriting app we released for #Droid ?
I'll respond in 10 picks.
I'm determined to let my sphere of influence reach Biblical proportions "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature."
Also: wristwatch on steering wheel. Who knew?
{sneaks up behind Whitlock & snatches a chip} Thanks for the chip!
What up tweet peeps #FF Follow my Cuzzin !!
: TY! #Follow I'm his Roadie Momma :))
Happy Wednesday everyone! Right in the middle of the week, enjoy!
thanks for being new followers we really appreciate it!
Oh yes,haha. While unpacking today I found that dress and it brought back that funny moment. lol.
You cannot amnesty traded players. only players currently on your roster, read the CBS Dave.
wish I was there too :( you will have to let me know how everyone does
I emphatically agree. Would love to hear Cities this summer.
i had football pract. i was too tired to cum
Had such a good morning with him!
Happy Hump Day! RT It's leap year.... Your fourth drink is free!
come over for Ed Triplett's graduate presentation on Wednesday. I hear there's a happy hour after.
props on the intro to The Naughty show, just watched it and couldnt stop laughing!
RT so beautiful,right??? The full moon looks amazing, check it out!
Hey Chicago! Who will we see at the AP Tour at The House of Blues tomorrow?
those are the one's that sober us up the quickest! lol
Ms mess is crazy if she thinks anyone is going to do good on her test Monday.
yes he is! Damn!
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate
Awesome! You won't forget who your friends are, will you Shannon? :D
does he sound like Ice-T?
Nice chest pic! lol Cheeks would have been a better pick tho!
“The next time we go up there we’ll take plenty of towels for them so we can dry off the field before the game."
Watching the #NFLDraft , proud to see these guys have their dreams come true. If I have to give one advice it would be to stay focused!!
Prom is this weekend.
Sorry about your 'boys today. My Bears are in town next week. Care to make a wager?
Wassup my nigga and life cool
Hungry from looking at food porn.
8 days till I'll probably just have to start going by "Bobby, Baby!"
Can't wait for college to change my life.
I used to dream of not having a cerfew, now that I don't have one, I don't do shit lol
that said, her posing is fantastic & I love pickles. & I love the story about her screaming "You guys sound like shit"
RT : "Stop thinking in terms of limitations and start thinking in terms of possibilities." - Terry Josephson
Having reported on SB1290 & SB1291, seems numerically logical 2 report that SB1292 attempts 2 place principal evaluations in statute.
mornin friend....today iz da day datchu will recieve sum money..just sit back and chill and money shall cum yo way..
but i will not deny that you suffered some :) :P :) :P :) :P
Kinda bummed Wordle IDed French & removed common words but still filled with prepositions and conjunctions. Or maybe #Proust was a hack? [-]
I really wish Tim Hudson was my age and single. #hottie #funny #definitelymytype #Braves <U+26BE><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Look like this nigga got on maroon bowling shoes smh
that's awesome! I think I should get a Beyond tattoo next haha
when are me & you gonna party it up in Chicago?!
Also relevant when shopping for coat racks.
very well said
hella! You already know
Bored as shit
Does that include restrictions against encrypting traffic or using VPNs?
Good morning to all of my faithful followers. I hope that today you set your goals even higher and dream even bigger!
agree on Antonio Allen. Markelle Martin is also an option. Like Allen significantly more than Smith.
“: "Shawty said the nigga that she wit ain't shit".” call him so he can get it juicy for u!!!! Lmfao so I letter lick the rapper
Responded to FIRE @ 32 West 91st St, Manhattan, NY 10024. Red Cross auto update.
Why did the blonde get excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months? Becuz the box said for 2-4 years.
one door closes and two more open. life is strange.
Just lost another long term WWF player. He was one of my favorites too.
That awkward yet calming moment when you realize you aren't man at a person you just don't like them.
i dont have to skool tomorrow!!! suxs for you!!!
could you PM me? I need help revoking access to a third party app when I go to settings there's no revoke button
Shout out 2 who is hosting their 1st Rapid Results 2day & 2morrow in San Diego 2 improve housing placement process 4 #veterans!
Penny Wells at Art Alley (2/22)
If I appear to not answer a message, it's because Twitter didn't send it out. Seem to have a problem with some.
omg ugh whatevs
i can't believe i'm going to meet you on Sunday! I'm so excited! :) love you!
lots of drama .
Time to jump onto NLM Classification and MeSH sites and fire up the ol' Cutter-Sanborn tables. I've got cataloging to do!
Great 1st period by the #NYR….need to keep the pressure on
The Huddle after Hours at Circle Centre open 10 pm to 3 am tonight. Come to hear tunes from DJ Jazzy Jeff!
I've been great, you :)
In life comes hardship pushing threw and learning how to overcome the hardship is when you become self sufficient
#LowKey RIPPED RIGHT NOW AT 1038AM
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ Of two evils choose neither.
In Kansas
cool, thanks for the link.
LOL i was about to take a Bobcat kitten home last night. I really thought it was a lost puppy.
Alex, you're reading it already?! So glad you're enjoying it!! I loved writing from Ruby's POV.
Another perfect day in L.A....hanging by the pool..
EVERYONE follow you'll love her tweets! :)
you can say that again!
We have thrived due to the extensive experience in design along with a commitment to hard work and the principles of honesty and integrity!
Last day of OT.Back to doctor on Monday still not 100% better yet!
Nifty Fifties Baby!!!!
I work at Ascedia & can bring an order form up for you if you have any interest in the Spirit Cups for promotional purposes.
I am immune to your complications!
Sounds like a terrific day to me Jen! You're such a great Mom! Thxs & I hope you have a lovely weekend as well. :-)
Mann do me like tht watch ima b back.lol love you too:-)
Another Oregon sunshine afternoon! Its okay with us though. A lil hydration never hurt anyone. ;)
I hope so D:
Thanks! and I were just talking about that piece yesterday. It lines up with a lot of what I found in the study. . .
yeah seems like in crowds that big not much to be gained from a live performance, would rather pay to see those bands individually
Considering a cursive "Q" is essentialy a Number "2", shall we tell them Math wasn't your strong suit either?!? :D
Just finished my first page of my screen play... feels good to finally start it, after having the idea in my head for years!
~where on iTunes? I searched the song title and rascal flatts with no luck.
School is out. More time for music!
im there!!
maybe..BUT...she was definitely a celebrity crush of guys back then
Did yu cleaan the coffee thing ?
RT : "Pussy doesn't bring rainbows and pots of gold." LOL...true<<<< I live by that shit lol
JUST SAW 's VIDEO ON !!
Not sure if you know is in a new "Dream" with former members Ashley Poole, and Diana Ortiz!
thanks guys for joining I love them <3 <3
We always gonna be kickin it on the weekend doe
Wow, that one's just embarrassing. How can you get the MLK assassination date wrong?
Fine. Target, baby! Better? :)
im happy for u guys follow back?`i hav a question
Hahaha exactly what I thought!
What is considered the national dish of #Ireland?
Remember when Justin came out with the acoustic version of "one time" around Christmas? Now a whole album<3. He's grown so much.
LOVE YOU MORE!
BREAKING NEWS: victim of NoPo gang shooting dies from injuries. This morning on
Lovely to meet Sina who works in our twin town Emmendingen - here in Newark for work experience with &
All the sudden I'm really itchy. Hair is growing rapidly all over my body & my clothes ripped. Think I should go to Med Express?
No he won't, hell be with the Pats. RT “: -Felger's take that the cap is crap. Wallace will be back with Pitt.
So much people w/ bad ass breath today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
sometimes, you just gotta be the bigger person, suck it upp, & leave it alone...
Always have a plan.... Always...
Is #civility enemy of morality or can it be a ladder to morality? How? asks Ashbrook
story of my life~
Gooooooodmorning! :) Double date tonight with and yay! :)
R u coming with us to Miami for my bday?
Let it die - team 7
Watching American Idol. Nobody can be better then Adam Lambert and me. :)
I think hotels have the best ice cubes.
Cinco De Tired....
I'm addicted.
Its friday its friday!
#RedMarlin’s #Easter Brunch offers adults a tasty meal while the Peter Cottontail Brunch is perfect for kids! Call to reserve: 6192241234
i swear if you do that again...
baybay kids....to funny! Hadn't heard that in a long time!
My prom dress is the best.
9 more days of school. Please hurry.
think about how much the ppl hate on him an what for...then he does something they say to do and still gets hate
Tha carter iv is a great album i dont care what anyone else says
Eat a glob of "Blazin' Sauce".
7.) A flag is your second greatest prop, aside from a scarf (and a beer). Just ask
hello from sunny san diego!xoxo miss mimi pink:)
: aw snap.
Wow. Worst webinar ever.
I've set up a new blog for the College and am getting VERY POSTIVe feedback. I will tweet a few recent comments.
Maybe. But the fact is no one ever reads the source material on stuff like that. Just the cliff notes.
I'm in the worst situation in my life Ive ever been in.
Yes they are!!! Ewww!!! RT : People irritating
Thanks for the Twitter love. Let me know if you'd like to see a demo of GoingOn. Would love to get your input.
Having a great time beta testing Scenable this morning! Can't wait for the real thing to launch!
i think i'll make a shirt that says "there is no team gale."
Its like one big step forward and fifty steps back
Commission on Sustainability meeting:one week from today. Join Us! Oct. 25th 4-6 pm, 417 E. Fayette St. 8th Fl. Red Line update on agenda.
September Josh Wale Al and most of all Me :)
All day every day
Are they out again? With who?
Skinny jeans or boyfriend jeans --- what will you wear this summer?
Feel like my job interview went well. Gonna stay positive
thought cooper's shot off the turnover was in to win it for #ohio. overtime!
Inspired and excited after Working Films/Fledgling Fund Reel Engagement weekend!
i got the biggest fckn frown rite now...!!!!
Just woke up! Took a cab downtown. Weather is shitty today. Hanging at Starbucks till the MAX comes.
he said he was gonna give right back....ha-f'n-larious!!!!
I hate the part of waiting where you rethink the audition over and over and wonder what you could have done better to feel more confident?!
When people look at me and say i'm weird No No your just square and don't know how to live!
Some people don’t know that there are angels whose only job is to wake you up and make sure you don’t miss your life.
Good to now. Woot woot, I feel a win tonight in #LA :D
#confession I play with my bellybutton
I was about to go to sleep but then I remembered I had to get some socks.
I am glad to announce I will be teaching "Learning Commercial Cold Reads and Cue Cards" at UCLA-Ext in Summer.
you did all that before 10am???? Lol
Could use 20 more followers to hit trip digits think you could help us out? Then RT!
I'm such a sucker for chick flicks :3
thanks Mitch. Will retweet replies. I have had several frank discussions over this topic but curious to the responses.
Guy with #occupyportland gear on standing infront of me at the bank?
Help me get to 600k followers? (:
yay library! Free presents all the time.
Tough love is the best love it hurts you but its necessary
Is this code?
Omg! Hey! xD Lmao, okay. so i bought my friend a starbucks frappucino today. And i made him laugh, and it went up his nose. XD
Product Review: #LUSH Stepping Stone Scrub v. disappointed with performance; smells delish; toes are suck-ready; experience sucked!
will he be there friday?!?!
Ibaka with the 1st triple double in OKC history KD with 51 points a career high!
I just passed tweet no. 313.
I swear I turn EAST SIDE BOMPTON <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>when that song come on
if you don't know my relationship, don't get involved, that simple.
RT : More than 1 million iPhone 3GS models sold in first three days, Apple says
I am working on a book - so I am a writer in training :)
hey im a new fan! and yall are gorgeous <3 follow !love you!
4XEM distributes Vivotek products through CDW, Dell, BestBuy, Insight, PCMall, Amazon, Buy.com. Do not trust anybody else! Call us today
RT : Cant deny that I want you, but ill lie if I have to.
So excited for our shoot this weekend!!!
I DONT CARE TONE IT DOWN WITH THE
special thanks to joseph caruso and phillip summers.
#serials rehearsal all day and now off to a reading of a new film w/ the lovely
I want to get a bearded dragon and name him Paarthurnax.
my pleasure!
Be sure to check out 's new podcast - should've been 31 minutes about Our Hero, but at least we got a cameo.
You bet.
Same goes for Badger dick RT : Suck a fat juicy Hoosier dick
Totally agree about Jane's Addiction....I thought it was a kind of boring show
Bi's & Tri's with a 2 mile run on the the side. Get'n there.
Malik Monday. No its Maslow Monday
good Dale has pissed me off!!!!
sign me on the side pimpin g...date for charity Obama message me back management x games
Ate at last night. Love the place! Starting to consider myself a regular. Wish you would open another location in Bloomfield.
i'm sad today :(
Board member representatives will meet with volunteers to assign duties and keep the flow of communication open.
Too Young for Marriage, Too Old for Games, Too Smart for Players
Just overheard on Broadway in the midst of thousands of labor protesters: "Oh, you know what it is? It's May 1st."
but we should tho :)
Keep it tight butt keep it white.
Welcome to new followers
the only south I want in my mouth is
: We're watching what you do and want to discuss pricing, a very sore point here for us. ok?
All these fans that always complain about Melo will miss these days when he is gone. It will take a while till we have a player this caliber
any thing for you
What is that a website?
where u been pinky??!
The NEW www.drwiggys.com is coming soon! Keep your eye out for a our contest in celebrating the website launch!! ITMT, check out our pics!
It's gorgeous outside! Make it this great *inside* your home with my efficiency upgrades! www.smartenergypays.com
no thats just plain old sweet!!!!
Count on Austin Mahone to RT someone and then go offline.
Let's go Hokies!!
I will not have feelings for a friend again... I will not have feelings for a friend again... I will not have feelings for a... Damn it.
im gonna have to go buy some today...
More reactions: Afterpartying this year as an official, I knew *tons* more people. It’s a very different experience than as a volunteer.
Good Morning... TGIF...:)
even on yo birthday...
I swear mfs on here lame as hell
glad to hear it... I WAS starting to wonder .
Tonight DJ Jazzy Josh spinning on the ones and twos!
There's only two words I try to play if a coworker wants to try me at Words with Friends. "Fuck" and "Off".
The general response is that it's the busiest day of the year! New Years Eve at Disneyland. Rethinking plans...
#ThingsThatGuysLike are healthy women and houses! Why not have the best of both worlds? Contact us :)
I'm just as lost as you are
a true jets fan like me would not watch the game this playoffs is boring Jim you not playing and the jets the playoffs is z
oh ok.. I guess no basketball?? I was dressed waiting! I had my lebrons on and everything! But it's cool I see where I stand!
that is the rub, I'm a big believer in ending all this long hour crap in jobs. Over 40 hours and the brain is mush, it's fact
I got new record and it's all messed up! One side plays way too fast and high pitched and the other side is normal! grr
Just Woke Up Haha Going To Pure Energy Later #PureEnergy(:
Spurs 85, Jazz 70 as we start the 4th. Tony Parker has 20.
hey guys...Luke has a twitter
Please welcome to Twitter...she is a really cool person and I look forward to her tweets
sorry, I didn't receive this til now!
i know right! =)
Sounds good.
"This year, we are directly addressing users who manage the biggest piles of content-- website and documents." Road Trip
We'll ask CS to take another look.
i dont ever have enough hangers, but other than that, i feel pretty good.
LET ME LOVE YOU.
Book today - Sun for NCL's NY Freestyle Dash Sale for up to $250 onboard credit & 50% reduced deposit for select NYC sailings! 800-803-7245
mention me if u want my Gamertag on xbox 360! <3
It IS odd that they're not on Twitter.
I agonized.
Curious about this "open bar" thing you're working with... just well? True you call?
That damn pussy.
My attorney, just now: "It's NOT a good idea to call a cop a skin-head." Me: "Even if he IS one? I swear to GOD he just goose-stepped!"
Sounds like Eventbrite needs to add a feature.
Today I read a book about twitter that was 140 pages long. Tonight I tweet about it. What a circle of life.
Treat each other with love and respect. Show your kids that being happy parents is a good thing.
What a great day! Perfect ending to the work week.
Awesome! Enjoy!
heey wanna do me a huge favor??(:
He's cool but not that great. People need to get over it.
Never Underestimate Your Opponent Youll Never Know What He/She Is Made Of
follow me :)
i love ur back round heka pretty !!
Quote of the Day: "Whoever said you can't buy happiness forgot little puppies." - Gene Hill
At damn DMV. All day event. Wish me luck!!!
Of course Humber is owned and started in my league. Not by me. I tend to shy away from CWS and CHC players.
not even close... I say its the left just as much as the right. We have some problems.. go volunteer at planned parenthood.
Hate people who play games. Its just like damn, be straight up with me.
Hey stranger! How goes it?
No worries, appreciate your interest. :)
Awesome! That one's really cute
I think the question is who isn't watching? It's that good!
Getting ready for work. Missing him!!!
i got it set each tweet u send i get a update. ill run it thru the radio and sit back and wait for the phone to ring.
Not just that (and the various temptations of my home), but I'm even sick of my usual coffee shop, at least, being overcaffeinated
It's only natural for me ....
i did respond from like earlier today &you never texted me back. &i just responded your 40blank texts messages>.<
I despise waking up in the morning.
that's right! we all need to remind ourselves of that! xoxo
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah! Is it happy hour yet?
haha thank you!:)
Ladies: Please dress how you would like to be approached and talked to. Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
Any ideas?! lol
Pray for she is a brave 8 yr old battling stage 4 cancer. I've been following her remarkable story on Twitter. Pls RT!
Fuck. My TV has mono. I'll be back.
Im that nigga you shouldve never hated on.
I dont see why not RT : if I go can I come in uniform?
awesome! Absolutely awesome! Thanks!!
Seeing a cute guy, with such a hot body. <<<<
My brother-in-law made my kid an electric guitar. That's my kind of crafting.
What time do u start school ?
anxiety attack. being having way to many this week,
How did I forget that Hollywood classic "Big" opens witha computer game?
Milwaukee in the rain is infinitely less charming than New York City in the rain.
aaww! Thank you so much and I'm going to live a few blocks away still in Bayside though.
No one said P90X was supposed to be easy. :P
People still jerk?
Union Sq?
forty-eight hours of fun Jeff!
On the way home from Tulsa, didn't wanna leave.! Had an amazing weekend with Chris so far but the weekend isn't over.(: <3(11/1/11)(:
im gonna leave twitter and go blow my cake ok
I should really stop eating but food is just so good D:
UHH I HATE WHEN PPL TAG PPL IN TWEETS ON PURPOSE!!!
I might call off work. I really don't have the heart to cancel my date with my mom.
I know! Let's fix it. When are you free?
Thanks for a great event this morning!
RT : RT: #VERGECon says that by 2020 we will have 50 Billion connected devices! ... 7 for every person!
False alarm. Just a guide error
you have to! as soon as he follows you, you can lock it back up.
I can't wait to see all my girls tonight, fucking miss my bitches ! <3333
Gonna rain all night -_- it's only 63 degrees but it's 95% humidity!!!! Ugh
Madonna? Still cranking.
"#MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget Casey Anthony Daycare Center"
Note to self: find Mosquitos CDs...
Thank you for posting this, it seems like it will be very helpful.
Who do I want to have in my life?
(cont) To be honest, I do NOT look forward to retyping that MS. It was a 100+ page Word document!!
haha! so entertaining!
Hate it when your eyes burn after you take a shower. It hurts badly lol.
The trouble with children is that they are not returnable. - Quentin Crisp
Thank you so much, we truly appreciate being listed in your Top 100 Lawyers section!
Shoulder pain. ),:
Finally a foul
Movie recommendation is Bill Paxon in suspense thriller "Frailty"
Already hit my head, laddered my tights, tripped up and cut my leg and I've only been awake 2 hours
Good morning! Thanks for reaching out, but I'm in NYC.
Anyone else pissed that #JagrWatch was supposed to be over by like 4 yesterday and we have yet to hear a single word officially yet?!?!?
"samuel liked Women bringing you Sandwiches."
No bitch for Yugio ! ": is a little bitch!!! And sucks dick behind the bleachers for Pokemon cards at Eastwood"
lightning round: reflect on the past couple of days. what have you learned? what keeps you up at night?
Happy tuesday ! i dont even know
Stop calling me Warren! My names not fuckin Warren!
no? plz check & let me knw
Looking forward to a Dallas Mavs rally
Cocktail of the day - Manhattan. 1) whiskey (2oz), sweet vermouth (1oz) & bitters (3 dshs); 2) shake; 3) strain into cocktail glass
Some of my concerts are coming up soon and I'm getting really excited! Kasim Sulton in NJ on May 26 and NKOTBSB in DC on June 3! <U+2665>
. And more to the point the NYRB print subscription only gets you partial access to the archives
#Morning! *Everyone! *¦*¦* Hope you enjoy an #Inspired/ #Creative Day! *¦*¦* Stay safe!~xox
What day is it today cuz
Definitely great to reconnect! :) Let's lunch it up soon.
Thanks for tweeting my post about "Union Bosses" I appreciate it.
Lol! RT : it is difficult living in a ninja deficient country...
tell me super nigger!!!
Watching In Fear And Faith Play :D
Hey hey.....just got down with instagram!!! So follow my photo journey...
How the Hell did ucla pick up this recruiting class? Anyone remember the last yr?
Do guys get turned off by knee hair? I always seem to miss that area.
ready for #alamw11 ? we're busy prepping a panel on E-books- Saturday 8:30-10, SDCC Room 02. Come and register to win Sony E-Reader or Nook!
#Brewers go up 2-1. Bad base running.
Names of tchrs PUBLIC: Why don't we publicize names of doctors whose patients die, lawyers whose patients R execute
Find the Best Software and Backgrounds for DIY Green Screen
Welcome, thanks much for following.
My Oscar vote.....Ban Sasha Cohen from the Oscars!!! "We are not amused!!"
lol im glad they is
It's acceptable to be outspoken and controversial, but James Harrison proved to be classless in his remarks about teammate Roethlisberger
laryngitis+cold+rain=a movie theater double feature AND netflix double feature kind of day. silence is golden & so is Bridesmaids & Easy A.
HA! Nice.
Gah! Ouch! How are they looking today?
Dude. Portland == beer
is awake for run #1 of today. I love doubles...
Your welcome, hope everything is well with you and yours.
Lmfao RT : Who want some weed brownies ? Preserve your lungs niggets !
Happy National Bookmobile Day to Virginia’s more than two dozen bookmobiles! Long may you roll!
Big shout out to Mike Cosper, Josh Brown, Michael Winters, all four Carols, Lydia Burrell, Eddy Morris and Phil Miller. We are grateful!
. Exactly, , WHAT IS UP WITH ALL THE FREAKING SPAM?
follow back?:) xx
Romeo! Romeo! Ro-Me-Oh!
Beautiful sunny day out! =)
my bitch bad...she a starr tell her bring it back like a dvr
whoa... Jay-Z on The Daily Show right now on Comedy Central.
I just had pumpkin pie for lunch. I blame you for this.
it wasn't his foot that was out of bounds, it was his first dribble after that
is this a code purple or?
Well be careful. I took 1/2 a semester in cat languageology 101 at community college. Very tricky language. Easy to offend.
I hate when I do almost everything on fb just to get one guy's attention. All i wanna do is talk to him. lol
#happyendings maybe someday I will have one
Taking in "bite" @ Stratosphere... Last night in vegas
They want me to do jury duty...I feel too young for that
Thanks man!!!!
Is there any better music to shovel to than snow patrol?
Have I had too many margaritas or is Justin Bieber walking with Mayweather!?!?
Good morning everyone!!!
Join us for the Karaoke Contest semi-final @ Sky Lounge on 2nd. St. & Washington on Wednesday 5/2. Great Drink Specials, No cover, 8P-2A
Lame ass nigga!
Just me and Kari at home so not too bad but we hope the pats lose this week we will go with the niners Kari did live there
What are 3 elements that u think make a great film?
Wait, Republicans are mad because Obama's using the Bin Ladin killing in a political ad? OK, that's a kinda douchey ad, but BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Love listening to read audio books- makes me so happy!
At a bodybuilding competition in Lakewood. I don't know how some of these guys are able to use the bathroom- especially Mr. Olympia!
Now Babe That Was Some Fuck Shit Cause Those Kids Really Need Help Smdh . I'm Disappointed In Yuu .
Looking for a taurus, cancer, libra, or scorpio !
don't have a reason too.......yet
that's very sweet of you all! I wish I were there hashing things out with you. Let me know if there's anything I can do!
Quick facts about : wine director for ’s DINEX group & has been hosting #LaPaulée since 2000!
OMG DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP!?!??!?!
A run to Sonic Drive Thru after school on a Friday. Awesome stuff.
'Follies' tonight and Bernadette Peter is amazing!
Let's get that W!!
your so funny I Think You Just My Day Seem better :D #WeShouldTalkMore !
hey!!! Angel?? I miss you too :*( and everyone...
thanks, julie! now that i'm back to full-time, might be time for me to make a visit to your offices or and/or meet for lunch.
#JustSoYouKnow i get higher solo!!
where was that boy?
I'll just give it the KISS method. Stories in "Real-Time" that make your toes curl :)
I just want to read one chapter of this novel without interruptions. Is that too much to ask for???
WoooHooo! This is my weekend with my son! This weekend we will finish picking up all the leaves then watch the probowl!
I didn't know that was possible does it have the same results as when you have it done on your face?
Getting samples ready to send out in the mail!
Thanks for the follow!
Women's football count? 2007 SoCal Scorpions brought home the nat. title. The SD Surge '11 was Amer. Conf. Champs out of 62 teams
Congrats on the suggestion shop! You definitely deserve to have finally gotten something in there :)
God has to be the center of our lives, otherwise we will be living off-balance!
you only live once thats The Motto nigga YOLO
HBO has some good shows but they cancel a lot of GREAT shows.
O Ron arrest. I see plus we out rebounded by plus 25. Dayun u mike brown! traitor
The Children Of Bodom book is progressing. The whopping 33124 photographs have now been trimmed into 513 that will make the book.
Water for elephants>
What are you doing for yourself today?
Let me know how the Hunger Games is when you guys see it
Congrats on being a 2012 Knight #Arts #Challenge winner for ColorWheels: Delivering Creativity to Your Community $50,000 #WOW!
Love you too! Merry Xmas baby girl.
Mr Tauge's twin is cooking pizza on #foodnetwork right now
Early bird gets the worm. But if you're a human do you really want to act like a bird and eat like it too? Give me eggs
Happy Mom's Day, Humans !
If I don't like it then that shit is useless.
Done! :) “: Follow me please? Or have you already gone over the limit? :(”
you know what it is jasmine
So that picture all dem' gurls be freaking over is hilarious. To be honest , he looks like he's humping her. LOLOLOLOLOLOL.
Yeah, I'm ok. Still in shock a little. Thanks for asking!
Un'fuc'kin'believable Get it together #Sixers!
The moon is beautiful tonight omg
WOWZA!! That's awesome and well deserved!!
yo hook me up with one of them shout outs (;
Haha Kim Possible used to be my show!!
Did you know Hieber’s Compounding Pharmacy offers FREE local delivery, and also next day shipping? Right to your door! 412-681-6400
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Enjoy #THEADVENGERS! Let me know how is!
Chip tha ripper at altar bar April 12
Don't forget to stop by to get 2, 1- topping slices for $5. Delivery special 1 2-topping 16" pie for $13. Tax not Inc.
Knock KnockWho's there !Artichoke !Artichoke who !Artichoke when he swallowed his yo-yo !
So Cold Outside 2day
hey are y'all gonna get the 20th anniversary half cab shoe? The green ones
naw bro, boat shoes b boat shoes
hell yeah! Lol too bad your far haha
i hate wen girls take pics wit they lips out and middle finger up
you changed your number?
very nice! Congrats!
Are u still making backgrounds? :)
How do you decide which events you want to attend? What are the decision-making factors?
Sunday night... what to do... what to do?
The lens is a Nikkor 400mm f2.8. It was used to make the moon photo in my background.
When I see a tubby gal wearing those gravity defying LadyGaGa heels I'm reminded of that 'avocado pit on toothpicks on the windowsill' trick
follow me!
Think I saw shadow before fainting but not sure..... #reactiontoGroundhogDaycomfortzonecrawlout :)
Really? Did not know that. I'll mention at tommorow's Drive Electric Minnesota meeting.
A big Happy Birthday to Brewer Bert today! Thanks for all that you do!
Hoping for good weather for Saturday's
Jennifer Lopez Leaving 'American Idol'? via
Thank you to everyone who came out yesterday and all who had a hand in helping, it was quite a success & a fun time! #Thanks again
#DidYouKnow? April is Sexual Violence Awareness Month.
Broken phone on Christmas; makes me feel like I fell off the earth and into nothingness. HELP!
2012 has been a emotional roller coaster... When will this ride end? I don't like it
So... Did anyone actually LIKE Dark Shadows? Should I see it?
*ART DIRECTOR WANTED* A Studio- Europe
Metta World Peace
MW3 is similar in pace MW#2 but much balanced.
Tonite: Ninja and ODEN at Dublin Down in Vancouver
Must watch TV on NBC with the Players Championship. Kevin Na, the mental head case, is bound to explode with this pressure.
I don't know if Nick is or not. Lol I agree.
Hosting the DCT this coming Friday, see you there!
Beef careful.
“: Happy 21st birthday ! Hope we get a KU win tonight for you.” it would be so
Agree! But Boy A and The Brothers Bloom are my favorites! :-)
I don't know haha
Come see Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
already had one I am going back to bed and hopefully fall to sleep this time. Thanks and have a good night.
I have found it both ways. Some who are intimidated by other students' dominating classroom activities bloom online.
Smells like... Rain!
Huge belated birthday shoutout to !!! I thought 5382 was his home address. <<oops>> Hope you had a great day!!!
Definitively maybe
why cant you wait until friday?
that's to bad. I really wanted to see Matt and Diego go at it.
oh whoops I thought it was drew
Seriously, is the humidor off?
Heading to library to keep working on my #psuweb12 presentation. Woo!
Lot of small college draftees- somebody has been watching.
Thanks so much, Derek! You're awesome! :)
follow me please
I have a twitchy eye & I feel like a pirate!...AAARRRGGG!!!!...Why do I want to capture Peter Pan?
All if a sudden, the men are coming out of the wood work... Yikes! I don't want to go there, it's me time & I like what I've got going on...
Thanks for following #redblackblonde We are going to release the sequels as comics. First they go to Mexico, then Hell!!!
Thank you.
Love is not a whisper or a weakness, no love is strong...singing mercy will we overcome this or have we come too far to turn it around?
#RARE Revitalizing Art, Re-Inventing Emotions ... i live it.
Incredible book!
really good dancing!
Great framework; speaks to how a variety of business functions can use #socialmedia; esp.
off for brisket and knish
Co-worker clipping nails in nearby cubicle...not ok....
How are those tweets a representation of Boston as a whole?
this summer finna be dry so I'm just gon focus on getting back into siuc
The bucks cheerleaders are looking right with this all black, and yes for them playing Adele
Lisnin to music til I fall asleep
PepsiCo Overhauls Strategy - Wall Street Journal
let's talk Jacob into that first
Close one #Cuse...nice win...only gets tougher
No problem! It provides a good user experience. Hope lots of customers download and use your app.
RT : All of San Antonio's NightSpot: Bombay Ranch (8811 Fredericksburg Rd.) DJ Dylan mixing the newest videos. 21+ Drink Responsibly
What Causes Hot Flashes, Anyway?
Must listen RT I hope everyone has been listening to our draft chats with Absolutely incredible insight.
I'm in SugarLand/MoCity it's dark but not raining What side you on?
Uuuugggghhh 2:30 needs to hurry up foreal so I can start my real Job!!!!!!!
Ready to wrap up #HackingEdu at Jet City Improv tonight!
Sometimes you need lazy days
I want to be a tambourine player in Aretha's band. Props to the ladies!
...just turned in my nomination form to be an Executive Board Member for the BCALA. This is the first time a graduate student has applied.
OKC get it together
Im so damn sleepy omgg
-_________- <---my face right now
Why would you wear make up to a lake!? <U+E40E>
Body bombs? Meat glue? Porno Octomom? I'm never leaving the house damn you news.
is you mad doe!? lmfao xD
Your Welcome :)
it's so damn nice out right now!!
how are u?
Only by letting the past be the past can you be aware of the opportunities and joy in the present. Cheryl Frampton.
<<<EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
Okay! Laughing at predicaments it is then! :)
Reading "…coupled with high-throughput DNA sequencing subsequently permitted…" I cannot say anything other than sub-SEE-quent
Def over did it with the tanning... My skin is on fire
daydreaming about large musty lecture halls and the sub-basements of libraries during my 20 million meetings today
you inspire me. Keep rockin Erica!!!!!!
Cheers to the Cheerful :)
"Reading the reader comments has ruined so many of my days." Amen, girl. I totally feel you on this one
ahh man. They don't have a 10pm ferry tonight. You can't come any earlier? Got a lot to catch up on!
Thank you! Going after Dan now :)
Final weekend of this spain menu. Serrano ham, rabbit terrine, scallops and cardoons, quail and lima beans. Wines, call for more info.
free wall art posters
Soo upset missing a chat I have been looking forward to for weeks!
Curious to hear if a) you think the kid was really poisoned with ricin or something else (or nothing) and b) who did it?
but i'm not him! im just a fan
We finished up our model shoot for yesterday for a new campaign. It was a long, but excited day! Can't wait to finish creative on this one!
you know what love is a beauty of the soul .
tweeting with this hashtag so by some miracle justin will notice me.. #TurnToYou <U+2665>
“: Please follow thank you all !!!!!!”~TYVM
go to sleep
Hill the Thrill!!
Had a great audition experience w/ Spotlight! I'm totally hyped!
it's really pathetic when is one couch cushion away and he messages me through gmail
Good for you got suspended on what uv done to this chick!! Ur full of shit! Geta life u mofo!!
Relieved to hear! Sending along a #FF and wishes for a wonderful weekend filled with interested and interesting visitors!
thanks for the recommendation. hope to see you there!
something tells me you might.
Pretty sure i'm addicted to canned fruits..
Gd Pt! Thoughts on admission $$? RT : And for certain authors there is a lot to be said for charging for readings.
(smiles n waves) hey friend hey!!!
I mean really?
It'll happen for you. It just takes some time.
Thanks! I have a contact there. Will def touch base with them.
Getting ready for tonight's #craftspokenhere cocktail event org'd by Craft Show Committee & Young Friends of the
tell me im stupid and that im ugly
Thx for sharing! love! : “: "Great mothers build bridges instead of walls." - Reed Markham” wow I love this”
Lotus Nightclub - Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!!
I saw that on the news, and I thought it was pretty dumb too..., lol
Months later it still makes me mad.. You're such a bad person and you're completely oblivious to the fact..
why o;
I breathe in that OVO and that XO..
Thank ya Have a good weekend! :)
Are you within slapping distance of the #Heat's PA guy? Go #Cavs!
good morning lovebird<3
is annoyed with Comcast... and now they're getting a phone call. It's never good when she has to call cable/PG&E/Verizon/credit cards...
Giggles! Thank YOU!!! Hugs from O-Town! RT : Thank you Ms Awesome 2011!
I stopped so I could read water for elephants for dumb lit
its a smile, its a kiss, its a sip.of wine, its summertime! #kenny <3
It is not sufficient to have great qualities; we must be able to make proper use of them. -La Rochefoucauld
Cleaning my house like a good kid and what not.
ditto but teddy can win 150$ if pats win he is buying next weekend so i say go pats
A bit late, but the weekend was good!
That's why I ain't wit da pressure...don't ask me shit ion do da checkin..
Was hoping to get more studying in 2nite. That didnt happen. On a positive note, packing for NCAAs was easy...5 red adidas polos; move along
RT - A summer night without #Cleveland #Indians baseball is average at best.
:( why didnt you tell me! Lol
you got it wrong @ Bowden he wasn't forced to resign @ Auburn He had a tantrum & walked in-season when they didn't renew him
Have a safe flight!
I'm just gonna let it all go n not think aout the future cuz it could all end tomorrow. Just enjoying today.
FACT OF LIGHT: Killing time murders opportunities...
Would you DM a phone number to me? I would like to know more about the books you offer.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
2.3M downloads of Michael Jackson music in the week since his death, no other artist has ever done 1M
Dig your tweets/pix from RM conference! Plan to tweet from MAWCA in a few weeks.But it's unfortunate that tweets can't...
[4/5] ...Daniel Hutchinson and Kristen Law Sagafi of ...
Exporting 'red book' master of Hersch's "Last Autumn: Book One" direct from Ardour. Is there anything my GNU/Linux audio system *can't* do?
Tiring day! Got so much work done. I really don't want this week to end :(
where's the booze?
Proud we took Grand Prize in & 's Extra Yarn contest. It belongs to the WHOLE COMMUNITY who gave yarn&time&love.
how do you interpret that if it happened repetitively & they keep saying nothing's wrong when u confront then about it?
Thanks Sansome street! See you all tomorrow at Spear & Mission 11-2pm.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP0
wishes he could come up with the "right" words.
#inappropiatefuneralsongs Another One Bites The Dust
Thats when I texted her told her I loved her then right after I texted her and told her I meant it..
Is it bad that when I saw #bulge trending I thought of myself?(;
Tweeps, Sip, Scratch & Score is in stores! Answer the trivia question correctly, get free goodies. That simple.
lol :( ugh when my hand not swollen no more we fighting bol :p
Asgard is like Rainbow Road meets Neverending Story
Lol“ I need Mickey's clubhouse to catch on fire and fall on top of the wiggles”
UFL proves that football played by only good talent, but not the best talent, cannot survive. It never has.
RT : Cross the line if you love someone more than you love yourself.
what's up sis
What's yo MySpace URL
haha #RamsAndLakers both make me puke.
Compared to what?
So sitting at bw3 by myself talking to this guy next me having a good convo about the game n didn't know that he was owner of BW3.....whoa
is working on a project for our wonderful Children's Hospital of Wisconsin, rated 3rd in the nation by Parents Magazine in 2009.
I hate when guys think it's cute to call a girl names.
The force of love is actually real. All love is based on the search for spirit.
"Let Down" and "No Surprises" are two of my favorite songs from OK Computer.
Is it really May already!
Ok....I'm going in next week to get my wisdom teeth pulled #noturningbacknow eep!
S/o 2 the blaxicans n this muthafucka!!! Fresh hair cut fresh fit down 2 the kicks... These bitches better get it rite, it's choosin season
What is this, a kid's belt? No, I'm just too fat. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
I feel lyk im home :-)
Check out Ozone Music on BandCamp and Facebook!
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. John Barrymore
Looking around at annual retirement seminar, auditorium full. If we all retire at same time district will be in world of hurt.
Watching Meet Joe Black...love this movie!
with a loss last night, michigan bball is higher ranked than msu..
Yea good point. Who the hell knows if Weeden is the next Aaron Rodgers or Tim Couch. But the "value" (Mel Kiper term) wasn't great
A Blond texts a friend, What do I.D.K & I.D.C mean? friend texts back,I don't know and I don't care. Blond says,OK I'll ask someone else.
Had a rough day? Just remember - pressure makes diamonds. And on the bright side - tomorrow's Friday. :)
i've always wanted to be a "Founder" of something. this is already super cool.
Dear rope, you are absolutely my new best friend. Thank you so much
did you get sick ? Haha !!!!
A friend of mine said "Onions are the only food that can make you cry." That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon.
uh...did you just see what you wrote?
If I was your girlfriend, I’d never let you go <3
THANK GOD! JEAN DUJARDIN of THE ARTIST WON!!!! Suck That brad pitt & george clooney!
See you at the #Bernays tonight & !
yay, thanks for waiting for us:)
What will happen first? Peyton Manning signing or Dwight Howard traded? Someone ask Stan VanGundy
Glenn beck just got about 2 minutes into his show (intro sequence included) before breaking into tears. bonus: guess what he does again ...
Parting question on Friday afternoon: why the heck does Getty ULAN vocabulary have future "death dates" for living artists? 2080??
Now playing: Angrezi Beat by and
welcum pretty lady
second only to Sade
well, it's a start. He did save a touchdown today. He's faster than I realized.
txt me
I'm from New York. (:
Oh I think I slit my wrist again.
wow! Awesome. I can't wait to hear about it.
i hate getting the latter, the medicine is so expensive :(
Now I'm climbing the walls, but you don't notice at all. That I'm going out of my mind all day and all night.
I.just want a quick fix
If Richard Pitino is the new head coach of FIU, please let UofL hire Jarrence Howard
Aye Cam! quick question how tall are you?
I can't find the trailer. D:
I'll never get noticed by <|33 I would fall over and die if I did !
I hope UCONN plays tomorrow like the are playing tonight
Injustice may be eliminated, but human differences and natural limitations can't be eliminated.
what you say
Had an okay day nothing special now I'm sleepy
Don't ever ask me to honestly tell you if I think you look good .cause I might actually tell you the truth.
COME ON PEOPLE!!!! I HAVE 2 MORE DAYS TO GET 2 1000 FOLLOWERS! I JUST NEED 24 MORE, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME! I NEED THIS!!!!!! LOL ??
*single tear falls from my eye.
MW: are you going sailing? Me: (who actually used to sail) If I was, I would NOT be wearing heels
his isn't a balanced breakfast though!
just chillin. wanting to get on chat with some people. but,,, im watching country music videos for right now.
I love that song and when you stop to think...the words should make as all time to pause and be grateful.
Still working on it but here it is. Http://www.joshmwhitney.com
I will try my best to help, I promise!(:
I'd love to see a research video in the style of "The Artist" :-)
#ifitwasuptome id have a sexy guy in the kitchen makin me some breakfast!
stop in Chicago and pick me up
I'm going to sleep now. It sure would suck if I didn't wake up.. but i will. And you will all still be fucking idiots. night.xx
I really need to get my hair done !
Nice series. Congrats.
Shout out 2 Big Roddy for wreckin that week 3 on the
New item teriyaki chicken wings
How are you going to try and act fucking stupid with me!
BECKY I LOVE YOU
What are the recommended changes? Were they receptive?
A friend said, "okay, it's 4x6 inches, now make it 4 x 6 feet!" With now two people saying make it big...hm.
All the guys should have left. She's not even worth it. Whiny and not very bright.
Listening , to music . . cant wait to see my twin next period . . ( :
that's funny cause when I saw it, I was like Paul is a gangsta
UGA commercial with REM makes me wish I went to school there. What would I do without the bands Athens has produced.
"The US Air Force is accused of dumping the remains of at least 274 troops in a Virginia landfill". These people are awful humans..Sigma out
#IlikeObamacare because when my sister graduates from college, she doesn't have to worry about being kicked off my parent's health insurance
When you wake up and you don't remember falling asleep
Nope. The problem is that they DON'T know that. I get your spirit, though. ; )
No one can be you better than you. You are one of a kind, so today be the best you that you can be.
i stade up all night again :( i am soo tired i feel bad! :(
know this? RT : Can someone find out how many career ejections Konerko has had? Thanks.
naps. i praise you.
I see you mr atl wnba dancer... Lol... It's kwame, just I'm case you wee wondering...
Classical Music!
I'M STAY POSITIVE THOUGH IT ALL AND LEAVE IT IN GODS HANDS
Give us your #feedback! How do you like MobiDeals? We want to hear from you!
Thanks for the RT, Lauren. We are excited to have you at #CUAEF this weekend!
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Large Library of the Year, Woodworth Consolidated Library, Fort Gordon, GA.
Facebook's Open-source Data-center Project Gains Strength - PCWorld
We love that!
all the spots i frequented when I lived there a couple years ago don't exist anymore. Any suggestions 4 my visit next month?
Link didn't work. Can you re-tweet?
hellz yeah don't forget All-That and That one retarted Mark Summers show with the slime
Anyone have access to medical facility for the purposes of make-em-laughs? WILL PAY MONEY
Hey Mark thansk for following,
#libday8 good deed of the day: hopefully helped with Date1Date2 woes in MarcEdit
Tip #11: Replace your shower head. The standard for low-flow heads is 2.5 gpm at 80 psi. You can cut your water consumption by up to 40%.
Finna Clean Up - Jammin This #Jeezy - Full-time Job got my Attn Today...Startin My Day...
Mean Girls is such a good film
": I bet all the girls at the beach were like "I picked a good day to let my ass hang out""
Sen. Benson at MD Hunger Solutions "I will be forever commuted to the homeless, hungry... in the richest state in the country."
I want to feel wanted.
Agreed! you just need the right people to read it
I recently "liked" that page.
Good Morning beautiful People :D
DREAM BIG
Sometimes the path you're on is not as important as the direction you're heading.
By the special request of my 7 year old cousin will be joining us at for tea this Sunday. This will be good.
Donald "Duck" Dunn passed away. LEGENDARY bassist who played many hit records and was featured on "the blues brothers"
Oh boy...you really did pass on that pun *blush* ok, I think The Blonde needs to reign it in for tonight :) hehe
I Can Act Really Good I Never Break Character !
haha good cause I may need some backup
you should. ;)
hope you get better quick your team needs you
You smell like a baby prostitute
Happy weekend all!
ESPN wont cover it because they didnt break the news. Thats just how they work.
A customer just showed me pictures of her home destroyed by a car that drove right into it... I was shocked
You don't have to be perfect. You don't have to play well. You don't have to fix everything by yourself.
Wait that one Snoopy where Woodstock had to rebuild Snoopy's doghouse after Lucy threw a surprise party for Charlie Brown...
Smoking makes running more challenging. Yeah, that's it.
“: ty. You were the one that encouraged me to do this.” I feel honored!
Listening to the sounds of "Martenot Waves" on Rainy Dawg Radio. Radio Collective
u know what I take my hat off to u .....cause no other club put on for baton rouge like da
I'm home sick so I'm eating taco bell and watching the view.this is the first time in at least 6 months that I have has fast food!
Romans 6:22 But now that you have been set free from sin and have become slaves of God, the fruit you get leads to sanctification and its en
The mistake we make is not going for happiness first. If we did, everything else would follow. Wow, did you hear that? Seek happiness 1st!
Ah! WTH #newfacebook? Yes, I know I'll be fine with you again in a few days but as for right now? #notokay!
Contest for a free CD on our tumblr! Check it out!!! Somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
"In Florida during the past five years, homelessness among public school students ages 5 to 17 jumped 84 percent."
Finally watching O.C. season 4. Can't believe Kevin Sorbo is Ryan's Dad and Chris Brown (!) is Kaitlin's love interest. SMH.
Your disembodied head -priceless & up on our FB page! RT : HA! I had no idea yellow doesn't work at the wall
i stay on top of good
not bad...all the more to love haha. hope all is well bro.
haha thanks that was nice :-)
": I want a glass of wine so badly but I know I'll end up drinking the whole bottle. #dilemma" same, except I'm fine with that
Having breakfast with Louis of Redline Ent. getting thangs ready for da Low Low Carshow!!
Hates school!! SO ready to leave this town with all these two faced people. Has realized that I need to put myself first..
Follow for all your needs in the #LA area. Photographing movie stars and more
did you enjoy?
lmbo! at , this is true, but thank you !
I had planned to move back here but doesnt look worth it. And BR took hit from all the hotels and gas. Back to playing HR donks.
i have nothing if i dont have you. cheh haha.
is Cain the conservatives answer to Obama? are either of them black?? #doesracismexist?
ILovee Your Smile & How You Dance TeAmoo
-If FB isn't your cup of tea, check out the You Tube #Paranormal Pooch book trailer.
very long
Shoutout to -----> Go follow her now<3
OMG....Kenneth Fareid just monster dunked BIG TIME vs.Lob City
Yes...but you don't know how old! LOL!!!!
Twitter was made for you, girl! LOL
going to bed
It's so funny how people try to say something negative or a lie to see my reaction... You fucking hater, go get your life together.
I love that place! So cute :)
Weird, whenever someone tweets to RT something, I retweet it. I'm such a follower. See what I did there? :)
If she didn't pull it out her mouth during a joint session! It wasn't a 3SUM!!
Scary. It reminds me of The Ring. Ah
I have to ask you something!!
I believe he only gave up more than 3 runs once on the road after the first week of July last year. Not that bad IMO
It's #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
great time at CLA conference connecting with old and new friends
maybe preexisting social bond is required, messy greasy cheese on a deep-dish is not good for flirting with strangers ;-)
Bitch! You know what I want! - Samson, Half Baked
it assumes weapons but not bribery. Bears are very honorable
I believe the need will arise right after the jump ball
Hatred is a blind as love.
me when I tried talking to him. And he was sick. Coughing and sneezing the WHOLE 8 hours :/
John Hughes says Florida is asking: what programs have low barriers to entry but high returns?
#HowToKeepARelationship by been yourself
Haha iD Take You Too Lol
wow!! That sounds awesome! Have a great time!
That's great! RT : I love Can't imagine life w/o it. Keeps my brain clear of swirling ideas & must do's.
Happy Birthday !
Goodnight Justin.. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
Congrats! RT We are opening for The Like and The Sounds July 3rd in Hyde Park. :)
what are you paying attention too when you are socially conscious? Inside & outside relationships, what is appropriate social form
I use to want to be a, "Hometown Hottie", but now all I want is to be in the "Are You Next?" section in !
#ItsHardWhen you can't tell if he's real or fake, if he's lying or telling the truth, if he loves you or not........
I will never buy another #SamsungTV it has been nothing but problems.
I wanna drink! lol
Let's go ! Time to take the AL Pennant two years in a row
I'm sure everything will turn out all right just give it time!
"The last man on earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door...." Fredric Brown, a short SF story.
Is getting ready for another crazy night at axis radius!!! For table reservations and guest list request hit me up (602)882-0317..
yess that sounds like such a great plan! I mean we both get an iPhone ((:
You mean a lot more to me than you think you do
Trying to convince my 2 1/2 yr old to watch a Mumford & Sons music video. She'd rather watch Go Diego Go. I'm failing as a parent.
Dear essay on Napoleon due tomorrow, I hate you. Sincerely, Not started yet.
It is so good & easy to make!! I would put the Mango Butter on bread, but I gave up bread to be healthy and less round.
just downloaded Texter for windows to help me on redundant keystrokes, quite a tool.
Happy Easter, the day of #pastel everything. Spending the day with family, missing others!
Reminder: 3pm TODAY, South Lawn auditorium: DH Speaker Series: on "Idiosyncrasy at Scale: Data Curation in the Humanities"
Happy Friday folks, what's everyone working on? Anything fun?
Join us tonight for the band Radio Radio @ 9:00, you are sure to enjoy the pop, rock, and dance sounds they play!
Oh! isn't he so great! He had big up north adventures this weekend--poor urban dog! :)
Who's up #Lets talk,
I would like to go home now -__________- this is boring.
can I give our offer. DM u!
Been using play forever but it doesn't have retinol. It's now time for the big guns. lol
I just want to see who Courtney Upshaw gets drafted to
6'7"Unsigned Senior Jamarcus Horace helping the Rytes Warriors control the paint and the glass. He is AVAILABLE!! GASO - Duncanville.
idk if i can do that :)
all I want for my birthday is him <3
Those magic changes!!!
Pitch/presentation time is approaching. Looking forward to seeing what has been developed.
your song #pray gives me so much inspiration!!(:
I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU, thanks for all u do, big hugs
CLP has a Gadget Lab with about 8 different ereaders represented.
I don't get it. You keep 31/32 team unis the same and then give Seattle a new look? Is this like Oregon football? Help me out...
Closets changed, along with fragrances for the warmer weather. Sleeping pattern changed for earlier sunrise and longer day.
lol well maybe u can teach me a thing or two
You're like a dream come true
It's Mother's Day! AU's class of 2012 is graduating! The sun is out in Denmark! It's a great day all over the world.
in that case you may want to evict me. bwahaha!
Having a serious "yellow" crush today - liked dresses, cocktails and furnishings on Pinterest all in shades.
That's how we show respect!
I like #KillIndiana better.
"If at first you don't succeed, redefine success"
“: Yes RT : is 5'5 short?” depends, on a guy? Yes. A girl, average.
Thanks Josh! No, I didn't end up doing The Voice. Did Disney instead. :]
Is it possible that basketball is so uninteresting to me that I am watching instead of Celtics-Lakers? Yup, sure is!
"I never look back darling, it distracts from the NOW" -Edna Mode The Incredibles
Liza 'redefines dining elegance' - Gulf Times
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. George Edward Woodberry
wow! what a night....I need some sleep :)
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
Haha uh oh PITT is driving.
Suicide is such a lonely and desperate decision. It's impossible to know all the factors that cause someone to make that decision.
Yelp Helps. The Chanda Plan Foundation will be there. www.yelp.com/events/denver-yelp-helps
You may see me in the 512 sooner than u think. Hope your travels were smooth.
Last minute cram sessions...can't wait to get this over with. I have so many exciting things I wanna start today :)
It makes my MacBook Pro run hard and get really hot. It didn't do that before.
lol.... That's probably why I never heard of that gear; I can't even afford the D700 right.., haha!
It's a Jason Aldean kinda day.
lmao...I know....that's why I joined 3 more leagues!!
Our member prices are now even lower!! Stop in and see for yourself! Open till 7 :)
Just purchased two tickets to Peru for a ten day vacay with great people :D
no problem!
what's wrong with Austin??? I'm seeing all kinds of tweets saying something's wrong. Btw I got my EP :))))
Rain, no problem... Indoor it is!
i like the way you walkin when you walkin my way.
Are you freakin kidding me??????
Ditto! My fave is that you can't just change to "reply all" if you already hit "reply" and typed out the entire email.
WHERE IS LUNA?!
"It's a real craft....whistling"
Want a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer?? Tell us your fav event this year for your chance to win!
Who has a son in 5th-8th grade, would consider sending them to a Catholic HS or a nondenominational private HS & is intrstd in earning $75
did we lose you for real this time haha?
Making paper outlines like a boss
Closing show of #balmingilead happening now. Thanks to everyone for coming, we had a great run!
I'm on pace to destroy #LifeOnTheGrid somehow....I think I have super powers
Barry Sanders broke tackles for our sins.
Sometimes I wonder if Rhianna is joking when it comes to her dance moves.
Human Subjects Research Law makes my eyes cross... We need to get back to robots.
All up and down the West Coast baby! Fucking Stoked!
I would go wit Maci too.:)
did someone just open a canned response?
spending the weekend with the best guy ever! My brother<3
Re-posted my tweet, sometimes the link works, a few seconds later it doesn't. Thanks for the heads up.
Im going to try sleeping again woot woot
New Providence man takes the Independent Press to Hawaii
yeah they do. he made the choice though
Very happy to have just gotten an internship at the :)
she was born in the 80s, she still uses her phone as a phone!
I Miss Youu !
Thx! You have a great week too and Happy Mother's Day!!
Realized today that if you don't own a cat, you really have no reason to buy a laser pointer.
selena is doing okay, thank God
Happy mothers day! Have a good one!
i see the point as a sort of PR campaign. not something i think anons should be wasting their time with. hack the media for
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : this job search is so hard...
Next month my birthday ah! To bad I'm not in new Jersey. :-(
wow thats deep
Thoughts in head
There are no #friendtimeouts in hockey... except on the first whistle after the 10-min mark of each OT.
Rise & Shine! Have a good week everyone <U+263A>
If not today I'll definitely be down for the show Thursday night. You going?
Boys who try to act cute, -_- pleasee go do something.
Watching "Blood and Bone" starring Micheal Jai White...this is a god movie & kinda funny :)
One of our clients needs to buy a used portable baptistry by JUNE 3...can you help? please eM
They don't know about us.
Got Danm I luv to smoke=)
Well, duh!
I am
don't worry, only VERY flavored iced coffee, like once a month :P hehe
Hello! And welcome back to San Francisco! I can't wait to see the new CfA office.
Take a moment to lose yourself in a song today!
MorganStanley wealth manager will not face felony chrgs for hit & run because Col. prosecutors don't want him to lose his job.| Bastards!
Gotta stop for gas guys
C'mon, billy crystal. Christian bale was in Newsies too.
Networking @ olive pit! W/
oh my...I really feel for u girl..your situation sounds a lot worse than mine ever was and to me mine was bad enough!!!!.....
“: Can somebody get my Brew City tickets?! I will pay you back! I feel like they runnin out! Lol” who's gonna help him out?!
The country will founder w/o a fair wage. We might as well outsource everything like companies have been doing anyways.
Loving my first : Great panels, interesting people, and a fabulous goodie bag!
i seriously will show up 3 days early though
i need a job its frefaking rediculous
MT Obama on disagreeing on w/other Christians: "Not only Christ sacrificing himself on our behalf, but it’s also the Golden Rule."
Heading home to my beautiful wife, see you in a bit honey.
Follow back please :)
You finally got twitter! :D
#JETS SUCK SUCK SUCK #Dolphins needa win this one
LOVEME LOVEME SAY U GONNA LOVE ME CAUSE IIM LIKE REALLY DERPRATE (LOL THOUGHT I WAS GONNA SING THE SONG GOTCHA)
I saw a hippie walk out of a pub with an enormous tortoise and set it down on the sidewalk beside a yappy little chihuahua today. Love NYC.
we are great, business is really picking up. Hows things on your end?
#waystoaskforhead if I flip a coin what's the chance of me getting head ;)
time to take a nap
have been looking extra pretty today with
#FF Go follow she seem coo as hell.! N her tweets be real
Looks closely or miss it like many other #marketers: #social #media, social media, social media, OOH media, social media, social media …
ask RNG if they would ever do a workshop in Chicago -Allison from Chicago!(:
New epidermis oxygen Jordan footwear specific towards the ...
are you saying that we should be praising or even talk about our old OLB's?
bitches dont know the half like they flunked at math
"Show me your hands, Let me wash them clean. Show me your heart. And let me heal you."
#NewDirections? I only like One Direction. :P
“: "Why are you talking during my lesson?" "Why are you teaching during my conversation?"” #thatswhatsup #thatbad@$$
": Good morning y'all <U+26C5><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0089><U+2600>; I say it even tho you rude folks won't say it back tho... #DailyTweet"..Good morning...LOL
So happy to wake up today and see 24 million monsters is #1 TT!
I'm on my Robin Thicke shit
time to assemble the crew.
oh, wow... hope it's better soon, close them and let them tear!
hhaaha the tickets are selling out already!
Want to support Chicago biz, but has its work cut out for them. Food, service, music all a major disappointment.
Everyone follow my boy and check out his company.All people I have GFX/Intros for hold tight.Home computer broke new PSU Soon!
and have you ever noticed the '' lol '' sign looks like a man drowning!
Anyway I can email you about those In ears?
can u plz follow me im a true mb fan i know alot about mb
I'm a hungry, hungry slightly hippo-like lady. Whom shall I visit for lunch today? And will they have donuts?
Happy Birthday!
it's opening the 17th!!
Going to try and go to sleep
Sigh. This is another thing where I spend too much time in Internet social circles, isn't it?
I think ima whined up in twitter jail 2night
aw, but that takes the fun out of it.
Just...just do not flush tampons, people. Seriously. It's like something from a horror movie.
what a year! Congrats!
Womens World Cup of Soccer Finals on now. Exciting play thus far. Go Team USA!
I could stare at hot guys and girls all day.
Hell yeah! That's awesome! Big show indeed. Kegging is where it's at for sure.
I was seeing if they were done!!!
I remember the day I decided I wanted to attend I saw Sister-President Cole on Oprah & was mesmerized. Happy Founders Day!
S/o to he's cool and #FollowsBack >>>>> so follow him (:
hey hit girl im kick ass lol
not having my car and having 2 wait for my mama 2come pick me up is not bad but when im ready 2 go im used 2 just going now waiting
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Thanks for the follow.
lol don't fall asleep and you'll get an A
rain is a good thang!
agree, but who gets his start?
Should You Buy a Smoothie Blender? High-speed smoothie blenders have become increasingly popular lately, as people look for more ways to
Friends in California, give me a call if u want to Eliminate your Electric Bill with Solar Panels Zero Down if u qualify 1-646-397-9817
Headed to Bdubs with the boys, haayooh.
I realized that the reason I thought Super 8 was a bad movie title was that I've been pronouncing "suppurate" wrong.
I miss Nobody has told me to shut up yet today!!! :)
there's some asshole walking around in an Angels t-shirt, too.
Got some hockey cards for the first time today. No Preds, Stars or Pens, but I got a Yote.
Trivia Team Name: I Hit It And Quidditch, Now I Have Genital Hogwarts
yo did you play last nite dam everytime I see you play soft with no heart
She make me so mad sumtimes.....
Men who eat many prunes, sit on toliet many moons.
I think boyfriend will get 7 million views in a day. I mean c'mon get real. DID U SEE HOW AMAZIN THAT WAS?! Lord.
Thank You, Mr. President! I'm so proud right now.
why doesn't Donovan just make the move? Surely it's better for American soccer to have him be player of the year for everton!
Just a reminder.. We will be closed tomorrow for Labour Day and opening again Tuesday! Have a great day off!
Lmfao. This dean make us walk around the school cuz were too noisyy. Daaafukk
Thanks! RT : Thanks for voting No on
Um, cool but no, thanks. Good try, though.
"There is one pain I often feel, which you will never know. It is caused by the absence of you."
Bieber Fever
": The only question now is which bourbon on Bourbon Street? Beam? Maker's? Woodford Reserve?"// ynot all of them
7 Days Without Prayer Makes One Weak!
awhh... ! I like you ! & I will Promise ! & youu betta think about me to niqqa !
Would you have stopped if you had rec'd negative reactions?
When i'm reading fiction i have to remind myself that the characters aren't real, just the morals and the lessons lol
yes! Are we going to be both sitting at the table at lunch?
After a great opening, we are back for night two of "Wolf". Will you be there?
Thnk u Larry & staff for putting up w/ our fam & triplets - coffee was delicious & LUVD lavender truffles- b back soon
Buenos Dias Hermoso! (: Hope you have a great day!(:
Old memories reminded by new people?
At home in Bmore thinking about how the Wizard of Oz did for the Ravens this weekend. What do you think? #Crabs&BohsHon
happy Friday the 13th!!
You're a substitute chemistry teacher!
I'm the novelty that never wears out ;-)
Hey, , I want to pitch something to you, because I trust your judgement of sitcoms and films!
Congrats to our own for being named on the board. Looking forward to more great events and inspiring thoughts.
For a #nonprofit, How much profit is too much? Org may earn 'incidental' profits...$447mil earned in 2011
I think I found a space for my school... 6th Ave and I-225 in Aurora!!
im gonna plan a paleo dinner night for may- what are the odds of getting ur butt on a train to lowell to join a paleo gang?
:) love the 'making of' video on your site--innocence to disillusionment...such a perfect description! Can't wait to hear more!
Our house used to have a sauna in it. Why would you want one of these in Louisiana? The most common word for sauna here? Outside.
Thank you, bro! RT : thanks for the follow man
I just finished 'Zenzele' (so great!) and I am starting 'The Humbling' by Philip Roth. Also reading several mindfulness books.
Remember when... RT Going on stage now
RT Spoiler: The Godot dude or whatever never even shows up. Total waste of time.
AT&T must enjoy being despised by its customers. Apparently one has to call AT&T customer service to disable voicemail.
WOW!!! What a shocker..Whitney Houston is dead! Sadly expected! RIP to one of the best singers of all time! :(
Thursday @ the Moose - Peach and Roasted Yellow Pepper Bisque -
#Brogrammer s watch out. The oldies are crying about us. I'm flexin, goin off.
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations will begin approximately at 9:30
The Coalition for Government Procurement Hires Carolyn Alston
Played an awesome Jazz gig (me on upright bass) with Local Jazz talents..
haha dude this is awesome, you look great!
Not a chance,my OCD is kicking into gear now,Silly?Maybe,but you wouldn't pet a Gator in the Swamp would you?
12 more days :)
"i'm not gay but i like men!!"
"Tell us about a person you admire." What has this person taught you?"
Listening to O'Reilly is like watching the news of another country.
i hate thunderstorms
A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world
From a football perspective, losing Will Smith for 5 G hurts, but Vilma's been declining for years and Saints signed Lofton and Hawthorne.
Josh Hamilton doubles in 2 more runs for Texas..8-2 bottom of 4th.
Congrats to the class of 2012! We did it!!
There is noone that can hold you back from your dreams except YOU.
Thanks and hugs to , RoadrunnerCAABQ, , , !
And dip out
#Crapitals - loving it!
Thanks for the article mention, Neal; it's much appreciated! Let me know if I can ever help you.
funny show today.
im with big bro, u already know how that shit goes, fuckn #laggerbombass lol
on my way to Phoenix, AZ
Can't wait to see you in New Orleans.
The Prestige – In Time (EP Review) » The ILLIXER
The New American Haggadah is back in stock, just in time for Passover. If you called to have one set aside, it is now here.
Aww, such sweet words about Simmons! CONGRATULATIONS on finishing law school!!
speaking fluent spanish with right now lol
Always a good day when you get a RT from ! He's my #FF for great environmental stories, and funny kiddo quips.
I still say you should bring and with you to SD for the most epic of shows. But that's just me. ;P
Still reading to my 12-yr old, although less and less. It sometimes gets tiresome (ok, a lot), but it's good time together.
thanks for a job well done! Stay here as our Coach until you retire. Big Blue Nation and Coach Cal is a great combination.
Clutch free throw shooting, by the way,
Im ok no complaints jus ready to cme hme :-)
How did you know that's what I'm making tonight? Well, I'm adding baked chocolate chip cookies for dessert.
thanks! Hah awe
Can dogs eat shrimp?
Behind the scenes on Game of Thrones: It's grown-up, wildly complex and full of Yorkshire accents. Yet somehow '..
Yeah, so when you're posting pics of all the cool art you see at Gallery Night, maybe credit the artist who made it.
"Listen to me, only quitters quit." - Red Foreman, That 70's Show
Estelle sings in the bathtub, "I love the sea. I'm woman turtle and I love the see."
Fun Fact: The Great Barrier Reef is the largest organic construction on earth.
Telling someone you had a dream about them is code for, "I had a dream we f****d and now I want to o_O!!!! Park Sports Bar Tonight 6565 ...
ridiculous call. Melo has limited spatial awareness of his gigantic body.
Happy Halloween!!! =)
WAIT WHAT? IN TOMORROW'S SHOW THE GIRL SLEEPS WITH HER FATHER? WTF
thanks, will sleep well tonight in my nest of thoughts
I'm so happy for the Rangers but feel for Joel Ward. Disgusted that there are more racist tweets directed at him too
Jamie Moyer is rocking the stirrup socks this year. Which is amazing.
i'm pretty sure i'm going to need a beer drink today
Saw you in the film 'Salvation Road' @ PAFF-great job!
Love it! #whineparty Hope your headache goes away so you can sleep xo
I want to find a love, like an county music video.
*there are
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXOX
great post! New to Olioboards, thanks to fb share.
Laura, double thanks for the RT! Susan
#ImMadBecause Im To Scared
ill start tweeting like i use to starting saturday morning like 10:00AM East, 7:00AM West.
Guess I will lay it down. Jasmine finally went to sleep
If a guy wanted to do a limited t-shirt print run, who should he use? I'm a fan of American Apparel's 50/50, or is there a better shirt?
BentleyPC.com, where all your computer repair dreams come true...
Who's ready to go for a bike ride?
lol no ima tweet my own things .
your a loser taylor (:
hate the vibrotto in her voice, like she having a seizure
You wanna know what's annoying when boys like girls for their looks!!!
cufflinks, belt, leather tie travel case, & golden fleece passport wallet. All my Favs, can't choose just one.
Son of LCSH: Cooking, Canadian--Maritime style; Form headings, Library of Congress; Monkeys with disabilities
I gave you a courtesy upvote.
Telling them you love them and don't mean it.
This Saturday's Ireland vs Scotland game should be quite a match!
:-) Or it's an awesome example of using video to talk directly to readers about the most talked about story of the day.
Forgot how beautiful the NC mountains are. Now if we could just move the turquoise ocean water from South Beach here it would be perfect!
agreed. Pitches scared
RT KUSI has a very accurate assessment of /// ohh he ha. . .sorry, y'all. can't retweet it with a straight face. . .forget it.
Jack White is a Nashville transplant. Like all Nashvillians.
it was good and yours?
America, I did not need one piece of legislation to create one job. The housing market is this country vehicle out of this economic downturn
I find myself waiting for your text ....
what me to follow? tell me:)? haha i already follow alot of people But i wanna follow everybody:D
Just walked outside... Eerie calm... No one on golf course, no one at pool, no one outside near the lake... It must be Sunday football!
seriously since i moved in with my sis its a small ass apartment i sleep in the living room with my sis n her bf and its small lol
Thank you for all of your support!
There is no place i'd rather be, than on the surf board out at sea.
RT : "excuse me, can you tell me what floor Monet's water taffies are on?"
My Twitter stream says... more people care about the #Gophers #NIT run than the critics were saying
RIP Whitney Houston. So sad.
#OhioWantsAustinMahone i hope he goes there<3(:
It's a beautiful afternoon in Leander, but think it may be even warmer in STATE of Michigan. Love that.
Some chicks I just can't trust that's why I let go of a lot of em
Announcement: Stay tuned to an Art Of Image teleconference with established fashion designer Erika Chloe !! Details to follow.
Finally out of the airport and ready to explore SF with my crazy cousin!
My Siri texted me her resignation and quit. Said something about going to hair school. What a bitch.
Thanks for hosting us this morning. We're invested in knowing more about homelessness in #RVA to end it.
Let us know if you need some help setting up that website, okay. Oh, and congrats on that very large rubber stamp! :)
no but I spent at least 15 min in the aisle with puff paint reminiscing spin art and the 90s. Do they have a club card?
Darn dog is at it again.
for sure following back! :) thanks so much for the shout out!! :) and nothing much really just set on replying to people :)
Allen: need good assessment tool for people 1st time they enter criminal justice system. What kind of risk, what do they need
Oh well thats clool haha were about to leave hes taking roll & first flight & perqumence
I don't believe you wouldn't believe I wouldn't remember
vs New Orleans tonight at 7pm. Ride out shuttle! Happy Hour Specials 4-6pm.
That's certainly a first step, but where are the sanctions and penalties from cycling's governing body?
"Beer me that disk."
His heart withers if it does not answer another heart.
Love you so much! To the <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099> and back times infinity! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><U+2764>
Lolololol RT : Tonex clearly came out of denial, not the closet cuz hell we been knew.
Going to see the Mission Impossible movie later today
Just pulled out of my parking space in the valley for the last time.
If you have no money and you want a usa visa there areno questions asked. But to more you got the more you have to prove?!
Come in! We'd love to make you something delicious! Have you been to our new spot @ the Power Plant? We relocated in November.
Ma'am, you're English isn't as good as you think it is, please order a less complicated drink
damn basketball game taking your spotlight Dr adrenalin
Well I guess you have never been pampered??!! LOL
just sent in my pics! :)
RT : A1: The biggest one I see is the faculty when you are trying to involve them in student programming
Weather is crazy.
“: "it is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth"” I thought it was someones grocery list. Thanks!
Snorting crystal light pink lemonade is a bad idea.
RT Twitter is the "meta highway" which most info will flow through. But it will diffuse down to niche conversational channels
Thank you for all you do for SBTC! Thanks for taking TIME to talk to us! Bless you!
The new Blonde is going to be African American now the rate of black girls are dying their hair.
It never makes sense to me why people were sunglasses inside.
This week's supposed to be warm. yay
#svedka commercials really confuse me... How do they know who is going to vote in 2033 when the world is ending in 2012?
The #Mobile #Media Revolution is here. If you are not using these technologies to communicate with your customers, you are behind the times.
I want snow so bad! But of course it has to rain instead.. :(
... Because finally (!) I'm good at sharing.
Just show the extra features. Everyone loves blooper reels.
I can't, however, vouch for its legality.
And they contacted you to see if you would be interested? You should go through the interview for laughs.
"The goal of effective communication should be for the Listener to say, "Me, Too!" versus "So what?" --Jim Rohn
Taxi shift change stinks!
there must be a gif for that.
it's gonna stink without all of you guys here
That sounds frightening. Let me know if you can figure out a way to base a fantasy league on it and I'm all over it, though.
I wish! Our team will just be remotely skyped in.
After his latest tax package I'm sure NH will love to hear how he's bringing jobs and citizens to VA.
Yeah, it will be a mess in the morning
Just got out of my first day of Track. Not bad..not bad
cant sleep... ugh and i got court early at 8:30 this morning =P *->BaByDoLL<-*
MT : Actually there are dzns and dzns of Dems who like what Ryan is doing. But not for the reasons Ryan would like.
i was in your 'hood last week, had dinner with the Harts, where are you racing next?
Nights to myself inevitably involve a lot of singing.
Love you too! Aha (:
Homecoming game or pillow
Emailed you guys again about another album posted for download on that same site.
haha love you too bud.(:
I'm on that level in H-Town bronson... We get it done
If you block some body do you just disappear from their feed or does it say you blocked them?
RT : Well I'm officially disappointed.
eating and listening to
I don't get it? Are you getting at the explotation of breast cancer research?
Got to get in... work out
I'll never understand you, hockey. 8 seeds consistently beat 1s. Now a 7 seed taking out the champs. It's almost like talent doesn't matter.
"Invisible things are the only realities." Edgar Allan Poe #quote G'day!
Off to New York
Baseball & horses
The new initiative- Connecting the Dots from Foster Care to Employment and Independent Living- connects former foster children with mentors
going out on Valentine's Day or staying home?
first attempt at baba ghanouj: delicious and easy to make
the fish at Nori Maki just keeps getting better and better. Mikado is the man!
Having a bad hair day...grrr...
WELL YOU DON'T KNOW APPARENTLY HAHAHAH
hockey game tonight: devils vs flyers game 5
Thanks momma! :) Love you!
You'll be my dream
please follow me please!!!:D
What's that gear on back of Lewis's car? Looks like a narrow strip of grill.
Dan Jones and Thom Hoskins at Gusto for
Clearly I have fucking head phones on and I'm blasting my music for a reason. Don't try having a damn convo with me.
chics will get ugly ass fake nails that look like warewolf claws
My 6 year old nephew wants to name their future dog Canada. What a cute name!
Nice! RT Bulls game @ my place tonight 7pm
Playin my PS2 before I go to church
I hate it when your dog barks at nothing when your trying to sleep
Are you a student? Present your ID card before ordering & we'll give you 10% off! Please RT!
I'm from South Carolina. The names Erin and Aaron are pronounced the same way.
What a wonderful morning rain in Houston again!!! Shocker!!!
RT "Thank you for making me a woman." - Estelle
Content Marketing Tip - Using multiple forms of content delivery makes it easier to reach a larger audience.
follow back hun
I know who Cecil B. Demille is. I know bcuz I went to film school. And those who haven't, they don't care.
#m zebra cake
whats up with your website..doesn't work!
No they are blue! ;)
"Never underestimate the determination of a kid who is time rich and cash poor." - Cory Doctorow, Canadian writer
heading to the #RoseBowl and cheering the #Badgers to victory!
at least this way I can say "you are in clear violation of number 5" when in a meeting.
I just Wanna-
i like dust in wind
Tom, Thanks much. Ace had a hell of a run. Not sure if you're going to the National Show, but if so, see you there, OK?
So wrote this amazing song for #SexyResults, and we need someone to perform it. I've narrowed it down to Trent Reznor or Prince.
“: ": “: I SHOULD OF STAYD WITH U BRUH” ---You should have night would've been better...
Thanks for the kind words Matt. The Coruja and the Finch are both great rides.
get on mw3
chill times. saturday. whats up? who am i right?
YES! RT : History in the making: is the 1st Pres. to openly support gay marriage . Well played, Mr. President.
In terms of social network performance, FB Insights and bit.ly are good. Haven't tried Crowdbooster yet!
It's my Friday today!
Time to do some writing. Let's see if I can't get back on my posting schedule this week.
But When it hurts, I can make it better We been thru the worst, Made it thru the weather. Our .prob & the pain. But Love Dont Change
Stay focused kid.....stay focused
eaving in Michael
what about those of us who've been season ticket holders for a while?
Not others, cunt.
after class one day she was laughing telling someone "I just have a big imagination and its funny!" not really
Taxes suck! I can't believe we owe so much! #FML!!!
Aw, thanks for the RT! :-D
I get a tear in my eye everytime I watch the A's get that 20th consecutive win in moneyball. :')
"You are the only bible that some people will ever know and you are the only Jesus some people will ever know. How are YOU living your life?
come home to the podcast, #Domino!!!
#ilovelifebecause Justin Bieber is in it! ;)
Try tonight's free play special, the Cruis'n Club! Turkey, bacon, avocado & pepperjack on grilled sourdough w/ chips for only $6. LOOK OUT!!
I wish I saw on laundry day. Under things tumbling.
haha I feel bad
Can't get downtown for #SuperBowl? No problem. Check out 20 different super celebration sites to enjoy the festivities!
Ever reported on NEPAD? if yes give me a link
We got a special connection were no one can come in between. We made a promise to each other we gonna never end
I figured out that some Craigslist rental listing are scams! I'm like Nancy Drew and Encyclopedia Brown's genius baby.
image in from ben and one week to go e-mail sent to remaining 36 photogs
Idk how I got this way I no its not all right so I'm breaking a habit
enjoy the zumba class!!
love me some LKJ, thanks for bringing him up and i think you're spot on about the song reference as associated to the situation
he don't wanna see me in the post either
I am seeing plenty tweets about Econ thank goodness I don't need that class for my major! Lol whew
Barbie is jelly :o
So true lil sis RT 95% GRIND AND 5% SLEEP...ALL FOR MY KIDS.MY PROOF IN THE PUDDING..WA-LA MAGIC..
Katie Holmes and Suri Cruise Spend the Day With a Familiar Character
haha, for once! ;D
Awesome. Yeah, it's an amazing event and something more people should experience. I'm a fan! ;-) What did you build?
I may have to plant my #garden early this year...
JORDY I WANNA BE YOUR SHORTY
rock is giving you. Lots of stats
i now y he will win
Chicken Noodle Soup. That is all.
where as Africa is an entire continent, yes.
saw overly-talkative lakeway guy (otlg) at starbux & he said i was cool for a teenager. i was like...yea totes wish i could see R movies
Some dudes are so fuking rude!
Two of the things I'm most proud of in life: I've never bought anything from abercrombie and fitch and I've never murdered someone
That DR must of put her hand up my va-jay-jay and presses on my tummy like 5 times
ily2 thank you <U+E056>
I cant make you hungry for it you got to want it just as bad
It's crazy how you're always there for someone n the one time u can't be there they forget about everything you've done for them
Ooh! What are you creating? (And - yes - Pinterest can be a time sink, @ least in the beginning. I'm a recovered addict.) :)
lol but she making a big mess
Thanks for the follow! Long time, no see!
Just got the final masters to Raoul Zerna's new tune: Dancers Delight. Great remix by Beatmaker. Available soon on Beatport!
Today was a good day been chillin n hoopping
Waiting for Fiona Apple So excited!!
You are welcome! We wish you a blessed Christmas!
Moving on up! A #BKC and #rangers win get my week started right!
Alright thats fine. Thanks :]
My 2nd pit to get cancer...geez. Bright side? um....he's still a happy pup...
what an interesting organization to be involved in Francis! Good luck :)
hell of a back up restaurant
To the trainee at Subway: "extra jalapenos" does not mean "would you like some sandwich with your jalapenos?".
this day just keeps getting worse.
I'm never giving up.. I 'm more motivated today than yesterday to make my dreams a reality...
whenever possible, when u have time
>Quote: As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. Ben Hogan
actually trying to go to the Nuggets game. :) and you?
Hey thoughts? RT : Five words: duck fat infused Grand Marnier... Really? The bartender says, yes. Really.
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 .
cheer up.!
U cant check ya phone, let alone blink at a Heat game
If you could CLONE one person who would it be?........ I'd CLONE Vin Scully
RT : A2: I love this quote from lib in article "big publishing houses really arent where the action is."
Have water damage or need a roof tarp dont forget to give us a call!!!CA 800-995-8988 & Las Vegas 702-208-1699.
LINK YOU TO VID IN A FEW MINS. KICKIN UP DUST, MAKING A FUSS.
If you don't go to school or have a job, what are you doing with your life?
Happy Easter!
please follow
im so happy about y'all being verified! Y'all deserve it!!! Love y'all!
Another successful glass fusing class, you ladies were awesome! :)
that is a great name.
How many people must I follow before I find you?
you'll always be A-list to me!!!
we agree! thanks for passing it along!
Thanks, this isn't a scam is it?
Headed to #Interop next week!!
Janis, Thanks very much for the RT!! Tony Bartoli
I would absolutely buy another hybrid. I wish I had the cash to do so right now. I absolutely love my Prius V.
Lawyers, please feel free to send us any legal news you would like published on the AustinLegalNews blog!!
No baby and Wayne kissing homie
Snoogled up and about to watch Young Adult. SO excited. Diablo Cody is my queen.
just pick at random the twitter handle of hahaha!
your so weird
It's the #lastdayofschool and 1 kid has already done several pages of her summer homework packet. She's sad 1st grade's over.
RT ": *pats your shoulder* its OK honey.. it was really silly.. " Yes, what she said.
If intelligence was directly correlated to bowling skill I'd make statements like this more often.
missing you more sweet bottom love pants!
Cp3 can do it all..
Ok, so these are preseason games, but still ...
LOL that is too funny!!! Thank You soo Much
Good morning and happy Friday!! Can't wait for the weekend!
Greeat time! I think Ben was surprised to receive a Christmas bonus!
its about time! RT : #Texans play 1st primetime game on over-the-air free TV in franchise history, Oct 14th vs GB on NBC. Historic.
Is r&b songstress. Sound Cloud is a free app that is compatible with the iPhone IPad and IPod touch. God bless!!
That's an easy one...Blue! RT : QUICK POLL: If you had to wear one color for the rest of your life, what would it be?
this cold weather makes me want to tackle someone i love it
Great review. Saw someone on the train reading it. Looked over her shoulder and read 1 line: "'Turn around,' he orders."
Thanks MIke!
Next song Champagne & Chickenheadz
Despite what rational choice theorists assert, humans are largely unpredictable because they are only intermittently rational.
Awww! :( Why does everything happen to ? She doesn't deserve this!
I haven't missed an game yet this year. Man, I can feel my blood pressure rise every single day. They are painful.
gmail and android are terrible products for everyday users. huge opporunity for useful platforms here.
Galaxy score again! 2 assists for Beckham!
Does anyone know of any sources about the retention and attrition of school librarians? Academic, news, anecdotal or otherwise
debating on what I can handle 2night... catching up on or . I'm armed with & chocolate croissants
lol it's like talking to a human, cause its human operated LOL
Some people might of messed up your past but your future is still spotless.
You can't repair split ends on your hair. The only way to get rid of it is by cutting it.
We're also at the 4 month mark with Réunion des musées nationaux trying to clear use of a single Brassai image.
Forgiven! I hope you and your family are doing well!
Yeah, I'm going down this afternoon so I'm sure I'll see ya at some point!
My pregnant cousin is in the hospital, hopefully todays the big day !
": If u say you love someone stfu n show it"
The D.E.N.N.I.S system. Brilliant.
Cosign RT : Skip Bayless doesn't like Fletcher Cox, I love this pick more and more by the second.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength while loving someone deeply gives you courage. ~LaoTzu
Sounds boring.. :/
Lord forgive I'm wrong!
Think I'm adopting another bad habit. Watching Qvc at 3am <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm stuck with an uptight bitch who thinks her class is more important than everything else.
This crowd is ginormous. Rightfully so, they are tearing #NMF5 a new one.
Left my phone at a restaurant today. Someone gave it to the manager to hold until I came back.
This Blister On My Hand <
Bj3 playing much better on defense. Which leads to easy offense.
": “: I retweet so many of 's tweets”because you're both gay" love you too Ben
Currently booking Vegas tix.
Hey big love from buffalo new york yo represent :-)
It's a sports-filled day w/ the Cubs opener @ 1:20 & the Masters. Stop by for $5 burgers and drink deals
This is funny i laughed hard as hell reading this
this is the day that the lord has made,so rejoice and be glad in it.bit.ly/02kxhp
Looking forward to another Milwaukee #Brewers season! Opening Day is just around the corner.
FLA! Hope u have a chance 2 check out and dig U some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
you dont have enough! Stop wondering and go to NASAs website.
You're my kind o' lady, Mary Lou!
beginning work on accessioning 's Haiti Memory Project interviews into Nunn Center collection. Bilingual OHMS by fall i hope!
it depends on the location. I'm a huge fans of feed aggregators on homepages. On deeper pages with specific content, not so much
here in chicago people who saw it are saying it lasted 15-20 seconds and had a long green streak
And, hopefully, the last time as your upcoming classes will all be online :)
happy birthday your still as hot and sexy as ever
#MovieFactOfTheDay The Departed is the only remake of a foreign film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture.
I'd DM ya, but... You started conversations, that's good right? Part of "learning," regrets or no.
It wuz ok. It wuznt nasty.
I had to change up....just a little!
I love your new cd I got it today. You are so amazing. Are you going to have a tour if u are I am going go for sure.
well #royals pissing this one away again. lets get it together boys, or this'll be a long season for all of us
Put Ur Skirt Down!!..
Finally booked a hotel room for New Years Eve far enough in advance lol. What up wraparound terrace suite at the
Learn how to be a man before you step into a relationship.
I'm bringing back the mother fucking fannie pack
Q. the most important question to have emerged from the 90s, perhaps ever?
Thanks! Happy Thanksgiving to you.
actions speak louder than words
Prayer is the key that unlocks all doors
All u PORTLAND people get your asses to the Campus Rail Jam finals @ Pioneer square Sat & then to the Crown Room 4 the Massive 7 after party
Thanks coach. We get questions about the R&R v. Zone all the time - this will answer some of those.
Some epic football went down tonight. Jazzed for a showdown with Wisconsin!
well hello monday. i will try not to judge you on your first impression...
facebook "feeds" and whether or not a film needs a female director AND a female writer, etc... all good questions!
That makes my calorie burning goals at the gym depressing ..."1 pound is equivalent to 3500 calories".
whoa whoa whoa so many tweets! Thanks everybody!
I think ness may have just said hes not a leader?
I'm out on the shooting range today! #ItsHot in Texas but still a great day for some shooting!
Halfway through the week! #HappyHumpDay folks. Wednesday's always make me want to wear business shorts :)
I'm coming next year
appreciate the RT's Have a great week!
Good outfield D, Padres
Someone's mad... Lol
Why this nigga on my job got a perm? Smh in disgust.
Talking about how late you are... won't make you any earlier. Time for a
lmao!!!..... june..... you gotta come for my bday weekend though!!
i am. Let me know when you have a client in DC. I would love to treat you to lunch.
Wheew! Tuesday night was awesome! thanks to everyone in and all others who sketched alongside us!
So tired...........basketball wore me out, I forgot how much I sucked ass.
Need help with an email issue. Any tech gurus in FV area you'd recommend?
how?? **laugh laugh**
is ready to get his sip on
winter?! Welp, see ya later
I would be most pleased to grace the walls of casa de - say the word lady!
DIP DA BLUNT N DA LEAN..DEN LIGHT IT...POP A MILEY DRINK SUM ORANGE JUICE GET HIGHER GET HIGHER
Might be down there memorial day causing ruckus lol
thanks for the follow back! Ditto.
Coffee and TV or stretching and running or showering and sightseeing?
Whats a date night?? :) RT : DATE NIGHT! WHAT? Dinner &amp; #TheLuckyOne ...PUMPED!
Hey, country can be sexy too.
RT : Shoutout to the (FSU) and all Alpha's around the world for standing behind #TrayvonMartin!
nor should you have to. Doesn't mean your not a good team mate. People have unreachable expectations for players to often.
“: JESUS Himself, could not perform the miracle until he put the unbelievers out. Matt 9:23-26”
USA USA USA
lol! these guys are so weird -.-
Getting my car washed, I love the new car smell when they're done.
I can't help it. It's the Irish in me.
I wish food could magically appear in front of me. And I wish clothes would magically appear in my closet.
rebecca black friday and prom night.. Tell me about it/:
I got cds. Ill stop by later if that's cool
thank u for the S/O
I love my mommy because she gets online to buy me Bruce tickets while I sit here and do nothing
So….how are you still there? ZING!
i knoww! i payed for them too! im so proud and happy omg :)
Bloggers are cautious about what they post via social media because they may be able to monetize it - sell to news outlets.
What is all about?
Simon doesn't always "follow" the theme entirely, he did the same thing on the UK show.
I think I got pinkeye now :(
Man, it feels good to be a gangster!
Great! I just "saw" you there and friended you! Hope you are well!
that's why would kick your ass
We have matcha poundcake! It's green.
yeah ok watch where no head get you some short dick a maybe a cheap lick or two
frozen pudding. :/
Tailgating @ cowboys stadium ... Fixin to get live in the game!
Going to San Diego? Travelodge Mission Valley is offering 10% off to Diversity Platinum Members!!!
Well, since everyone is confused about Where Justin is because his tweet conflicts with Sean's tweet... He's in my bed. Okay? I'M SORRY.
We have a signed/accepted contract. Hoping to close June 1st. Thanks-- we can't wait!
These chicks are seriously about to beat each others asses and it isn't even 11:30 AM!
why is Brandon Jennings Re-tweeting an article about his future with the I'm a little worried.
Might as well start my day. No one else is gonna get this mil for me.
Someone slap David stern for me.
ITS GONNA EAT ME.
Finished recording the latest episode. Look for it later this week. Thanks to our guest from for stopping by.
It’s a day to show appreciation for all of the things that mothers do
My Fair Wedding
The little boy I babysit was just screaming help me because I picked him up....thank god we were at his house and not in public.
New shows posted for Nashville, Memphis, and Oxford! More dates coming soon!
hHAHA i would love a shout out <3
Good morning Mo'rific!
Beignets at cafe du monde. So delicious and one-of-a-kind!
The cowardice of #komen is yet another reason to support
Ya ya. Another great travel blog(still rather see a more serious rendition about the indigenous ones, and not from an encyclopedia)
Ken Burns' "Baseball" always means a sports-cry.
Ah there you are!
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it
One of the few times I'd rather be here. Enjoy the night, my friend!
Dear Crush, You woke up today, Too? We have so much in common, omg. We're meant to be. <U+2665> ;)”
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont Kesha. In my opinion, sluts should not be known for 'talented' singers. No, she sounds like a mouse too.
House gives preliminary approval to Budget Reconciliation with pension shift intact.
HISTORY IS BORING BY THOSE WHO REPEAT IT
Whew! I was nervous there for a minute. Lol
how about the novel cafe on Gayley? 12:00 work for you?
Y does the #media keep calling these guys wth rocket launchers and AK's "peaceful protesters" & activists?Im spozed 2 believe tht?lol
i gotta figure some stuff out
I just messed up my email. Unread Messages lost. If anybody here cares, please resend.
I'm glad you're ok! But yeah the show was awesome :)
Ghostbusters im watchin you should tune inn
get ready for 18th century goodies from me &
Thanks for a ginormous, delicious, and very filling lunch! M!
Getting butt dialed at 2am is what nightmares are made of.
i dunno when evr i get my phone turned back on
Fireworks are making me increasingly cranky. Ridiculously loud and I want to go to bed and not have traumatized dog =/
We're celebrating #NationalPopcornDay! Stop by the office for free popcorn! If you're an AMLI resident, pick up a free movie rental too.
well thank you for the support yes haters are just not worth it dont know why ppl unfollow for no reason and are you ready
we are hoping to be in the cali area this summer! Thanks so much for your prayers. They mean a lot. <3
miss the food. That's about it. And maybe the good friends I made.
Out of the office @ 3pm. Not used to this opinion production schedule yet
That is so wonderful to hear, thank you!
I guess I can fully pay attention to FFXI now that D3 is down.
RT Can somebody fill me in why flags are at half mast? I haven't seen news in the last 24 hours. // When you find out, let me know?
Does he get called Mary often? “: I was just informed that Tyler Moore was promoted to the big leagues.
lmaoo i wish you would hun XD cant wait though
miss you mucho! how was it?
Ready for a wonderful day! Good morning everyone <U+263A><U+2600>
Don't have to wake up until 830!!! Oh yeah late start for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Perry: I'm just going to ignore all of your questions and say what I want.
Crazy migraine.....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Sun poisoning ;(.... 1 hour of sun... ugh
is that only for because I like it too.
Sound work on my short film Rain Dance is nearly complete. Hope to finish it in 2 weeks.
The confusion #oomf brings <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
No phone so...um yeah
researched the song a little. Wikipedia says whistle part is civil war tune, I think "ants go marching in". Accurate?
Only 36 hours between trips. Internal debate between brunch or laundry...1 wanted, 1 necessary. Still...
Trying to get teachers to expand their horizons & update what they read with their students. Looking for new & noteworthy
My new seller is doing all the repairs before listing. It'd be nice if the wind would stop blowing 1/2 acre of leaves around though!
CLIFF LEE.
you should listen to this Hindi commentator, he is super funny!!!.
Did I tell u I'm a big fan of ! He's an amazing artist Please follow him! He's also featured on our web series 4 !
Falwell Jr.: My dad wanted to found a world class university that is what Notre Dame is for Catholics and Brigham Young is for Mormons
K State!
of design and design-documentation. Computer Aided Design describes the way in
gotta make sacrifices for your team! it's like waking up on saturday mornings at 7 am to watch my arsenal gunners.
2 cucumbers + 1 apple = a super refreshing juice, perfect before a ride to downtown
* Runs & Goes Get Laptop Charger lol *
flo'ed to BKNY Printing to check out the samples for the new series - cannot wait to sho the peeps what we conceptualized ...
pretty good :)
Why have multiple people been meowing loudly outside of my apartment for the last hour?
Start of the second half.
artists of color, women, or alternative artists would not have to fight for their voices and representation so much
#dhtrial sense is that most are decided and the margin is a holdout.
Good Morning! :D
"They beefing like kids,shits so childish/Where they think its gone get em with this childish ass wilding"
Oh:)Also I thought it was hip hop not steppin,I didn't like it,I didn't see the judge's opinion but I had predictions. .
Saw in your Bio you were a stern fan - LOVE stern too. #babbabooey!
New c4 pre work out free samples
Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you are saying. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Who are you putting the blame on this month for the job losses? Bad data? American Idol distracting you from job creation?
talking to josh on myspace.com
oh really then i must keep massaging lol x3
I've never actually been to the real location, just eaten at summerfest or state fair. How's the food?
"kill them with kindness"
My prayers are with the young man on his motorcycle who had been hit by a car I just passed.
Celebrate the publication of THE ANGRY BUDDHIST with Tonight 7:30pm! Special Guests!
A disconnect b/w Bartons talk and the description in the program? I wanted more about amplified books as a replacement for apps.
umm Scott do you smell that?
If you love beautiful guitar riffs/tone, and ethereal post-punk sound-noisescape, pre-order 's new LP bit.ly/a3mV08
just stood on a mirror and smashed..amazing.
#NeverBe dressed in booty shorts with holes in em
Blaque get yo stupid black ass off
Once the hubs gives me my allowance, I'm so doing an etsy haul and hitting up your shop :)
what's the haps in Charlotte?
hey! would love to be in the mag :) sending photos now
Don't worry, here are some evils: #LATRAFFIC, christmas music sounds weird during the day and I didn't watch any TG football
Yes sir!
Congratulations to Brittni. She made a great choice and we're excited to have her join the Tech family.
I would do anything to be home for the #CardsHomeOpener today.
Does your business need online visibility? Give me a call - 317.430.3977 - and I'll put together a great marketing plan for your business!
it'll be more regret when it comes out..
Okay this is hilarious. respond if you want the answer: Why did the dead baby cross the road?
our duo album is up next!
And how many would actually want to come to MKE?
you have any of that Fultons pumpkin harvest liquor?
oh yeah. Bc only follows 80 people...
The person doing the Closed Captioning has to hate it when they interview Leyland.
Jessica Brandl ('06 ceramics and art history) has been named artist-in- residence at Red Star Studios in Kansas City. Congrats, Jessica!
SPURs are out of playoffs in 1st round! Insane...
Oh my lorrd!! Anyone see that dunk by James Johnson from the Raptors!?!
Click the "see upcoming screenings" tab on the site to see upcoming screenings!
oh boy. shenanigans
Have you ever tried a stapleless stapler? Very cool stuff!
Thank-you, Debbie.
I love you! And every single one Of your songs:)
CONGRATS! I'm so glad u won. <3 -huggies- ur so lucky :D
well I'll be right over for dinner! Looks tasty
Predatory customer service? :)
You know procrastination is at an all time high when you start turning on women's basketball...
Thanks for the follow!
LOL I hoped so :P
No, will just direct this time...
God morning everyone! It's rainy here, so I hope wherever you are it's nice and sunny! I like the rain though =P
He's all #immaletyoufinish but first let me sleep and eat at the same time!
Let me make this clear. If anyone touches a member of my family. I will fucking kill you.
This was the first one where I could give feedback...thought I would mess with them a little bit disturbing me on a Sunday night
no TA lol
Just became a fan of Port of Subs! I had the best service. Really great attitudes and very nice guys.
Great job guys. And , thanks for being a Detroit Champion.
No wireless in Arkansas.
so how was the rest of your Monday ?
Support what lol??
In order to feel anything you need strength.........
I laugh when females come at me when they come up wit wrong facts .
Official press release went out and endorsement applications are coming in...way to go poker world ! The IP Rules was a dream, now a reality
I cant find my stupid phone. IM DYING. I haven't had it for like going on 2 days! BLAH.
actually, it was more like: oh waa... Very unimpressed and unenthusiastic lol
To hairdresser: "My cousin may actually be gay." "Oh, is this the son of your gay uncle?" "No, he doesn't have any kids. He's gay."
Natalie (BGC) is childish & she's subtweting to herself!! smh twitter gets ppl too hype
Sometimes I really feel like I'm the only person who understands me.
Google Galaxy Nexus first-impressions review
I'm thinking "chihiro" from spirited away, but "chi" for short (after the city where she was born...?)
Food 4 Thought: Children r the hands by which we take hold of heaven.
It's kinda sad. I love tradition and I'm wondering if Walt would approve:)
how many scars ya got? & how'd you get 'em?
#WhenIGetBored I visit & have a cup of the worst coffee in #Boston. Stop being & partner with the best !
": I just want to be on a beach in the Bahamas somewhere <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+26F5><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>" I'm down to
Yeah. My interactions are blowing up thanks to
Time to get ready for school<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>....boring day ahead.
Love your campaign. Keep showing those politicians how an honest and positive campaign should be run!
I would give anything for Nandos in the United States
You're not--got em all over our office and on my MacBook . . .
amount of people who confuse "to" and "too" is amazing two me. -- Condescending Wonka ()
It's a open gym at 6 (in mke) lemme know if you're trying to ball...it's free.
let me stop!
Think I might start taking public transit
miss your sweet ass too! when u free m'lady?
I was goin down my TL and I was like that girl is hella pretty and I was like oh shit that's Damajeria lol. Cute avi hun :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
A very special Thanks to Yesenia Washington for contributing to A-guruphobia!
I wanna dye the sides of my hair blonde ....yes or no
RT : We're hiring! Senior accountant - must know healthcare accounting - contact for more info. Pls RT.
ah shit those are so good -.- idk where to find you one I'm sorry
are you and hanging out tonight ?
In a court of law, you can't beat a station wagon filled with nuns.
Drove through beautiful NYC and officially back in New England.
#Syracuse and #Pitt to the #ACC? I like it. Basketball and Lax will be stacked.
Thanks for the RT Come to "Free Realtor Lunch!! " Tuesday, Jan 18
#Lunchtime is the only time im looking forward to.
No, yet I am dying to return. Are you going to burning man?
WOW ": Best bet I saw (but didn't do) in Vegas: SD to win AFC West (-300). Boring to bet on heavy favs but wow is that a layup."
Merry Christmas!
Remind your kids that new #drivers are all beginners, and every novice needs time to develop skills in low-risk settings
I gotta problem
I try to create sympathy for my characters, then turn the monsters loose.
Pickup Line? I'm glad I'm not blind!
Hey I just showed and he said "sold". Thanx for introducing me to this cool tool!
Doing good, I've been taking some vacation time, and not taking technology with me.
#SkillsOnAThugsResume Drop A Mix-Tape / Album And Send It To
Players- what are you most looking forward to about the championship this week?
Cincinnati v. OSU tonight!
RT there are no stupid questions,just stupid people! #quote””
Bummer? Did you confront them?
Honda's are bitches
Great run this am- only one problem- it's too hot at 8am!
I wish I were coming back to Phoenix to hear you at InfusionCon!
So I tried the top knot - or as says - sock bun!! LOVE it, NO PIN required! Lindsey you are a genius!
Sometimes i have a long debate with myself about texting people i just feel like I'm getting on there nerves
It wouldn't be a Sunday without #CelebApprentice! Love it!
lol messed up on my last tweet ... good work .. keep it up
Can Rio clean up guns, violence before World Cup 2014?
Starting to plan topics for training tracks at next year's JiveWorld11 conference. Send me requests. It'll be a full day this time
May specials are some of the best yet! We can’t wait to try their delicious molotes made w/ masa, chorizo &potatoes!...
Just made some steaks,with Macncheese!Pepsi.m
Isn't your birthday yet
We are looking for Christian performers... do you know anyone that might like to perform at Zuma for our Fellowship Nights?
Skinless snacks vs. skinless costumes. Which creates less moral turpitude in the office?
I don't think this day could be any slower
yeah, I don't understand why they show that girl so often in the trailer?
almost fell over standing up to turn my head upside down to see! lol
That logo bothers me immensely.
lets do it nicca! Aye we need to do a song together....
April 16-20 is Tornado & Severe Weather Awareness Week in WI. Sirens will sound in River Falls at 1:45 and 6 p.m. on Thurs. April 19.
Poor girl. I'm glad it was caught early enough to be treatable, but sorry she and you & have to go through it again
Jazz on Sunday
The dentist at 730 in morning is not my idea of fun.
what u freaking out about
project X with tonight?
Welcome to GPU computing! CUDA is awesome. If you get interested in it, you'll definitely want to check out our software too.
My friend hates my boyfriend....
Welcome! :D RT thanks, had a great time
Never heard of a foul in hockey, but twice tonight I heard "no blood no foul"?!?
A guy who truly loves his girl doesn't have to unbutton her shirt to see a better view of her heart.
that's why you shop at walmart and never check the label...peoples republic of china thanks you
Time and Gems Announces The Easter Rolex Sale
“: #MentionTo your following you will never ever unfollow no matter what.”
on a scale of 1-10 probably an 11!
The more the merrier. Let's rock this town. You call Eddie, okay?
The "Madness" definitely reared its head today. The tourney has not disappointed. It IS madness. Brackets are in shambles. It's Awesome!!!
Thanks for the RT! The video was made to answer some of the questions about Richard's use of Infra Aerochrome film!
Wow that lie flew out of my mouth xD
Well thanks for THAT! And wow... I'm late on the thanks. Always great to see you. Always.
ah i'm giggling at my desk and it's all your fault.
's got a gift for picking hosts. Big thanks to
Nice! I hope his pitching is as hot as his woman!
My womb was so awesome, we had to send a search party to get my daughter out.
I hate geting ready for school
Where are you getting an error?
didn't know that- not using kosher salt for gargling- thank you! I drank squeezed lemon with hot water and honey this am.
#MyBoilingPointIs when I'm talking to someone and this person next to me keep saying "SHH!" (spitting in my face) so i scream "NO!" C:
Say something!
Nope. I keep trying to give them money but the app won't let me :(
A #ff of great musicians
So sorry to hear about your mom. I know it's not easy--we lost Dad this summer. This is gonna be a tough week. Wishing you strength
#37 Bro, "either you live a life of sinfulness or a life seeking holiness there are no other options!" -
Up in the Gym burning Calories Bumping www.whoistrillogy.com
nah its snowing in buffalo, just a little.
You can paint the school but you can't buy class.
wow Dr. Dre still has it goin on.
WE love you too Ms. Mount everest!!
21 days til it's April and I can get my iPhone
We have no contracted agent... Actually we have never even seen a house with her! She set us up on a search engine...
hey that's where I live how cool
everyone seems to be pissing me off today
Everything happens for a reason..
If you're not a late night or early morning person, you may have missed the news!! NEW Ashlei Shannon accessories are available NOW!!
Chuck norris isn't that great. If he was, he'd come to my house right now and bang my head against the keyboardjgfdlcbvjflibfjwefdbsjfghjd5f
Town Car safety features include dual front and side airbags as well as electronic traction control
Sounds good RT : Wondering if would b down 4 post-SB, pre-draft T.C. tweetup?
We had a great night last night with Project Prom! Many young women will look fabulous on Prom night
they're Caps "fans"...they don't understand anything.
you're the best!
Getting ready to watch the merseyside derby. Let's go
i love you
Had so much fun today in the recording studio with David! Great guy and I would love to do it again sometime!
Thank you for the great webinar on streaming live sporting events today. Great information!
I have the biggest fucking headache ever
Tomorrow means it's time for our #TUESDAYSPECIAL! 1 Large 1-topping carryout pizza for just $4.99! Use promo code - TUE499! GREAT DEAL.
Let's go Celtics
Everyone say Happy Bday and follow and !!!!
Check out on the tables party sponsored by Requests? Tweet
nice blog!
for spring break my family and I are going skiing!!! We leave tommorrow morning!!! :)
but it's not a stronger marketplace... it only benefits those at the top... while the rest of us lose income to inflation.
they did the mash.. the
I'm gonna take it easy.
Damn right! Great times! Did either of you do more PBL after that?
I got a feeling tht tonite gonna be a good nite;D
i see u got jokes
is this the weekend that the #LandofConfusion finally over takes my valiant #TJDonkeys?? I had to make some questionable moves
Just got my ass kicked at marvel 3
I love u bonita God Bless u
I think I'm gonna make some french fries
Hey Tay...can't wait to see you in Tampa...have an awesome show tonight and God bless !
thought u didn't know mike jones lol
Great total body class today - bringing out old school classics with Summertime, Rumpshaker & OPP. Back to early 90s & college!
If you would like to speak to someone about your personal injury claim, contact us. It costs you nothing to learn about our legal services.
I can get back on my FB whenever now.
me too i can't to go back!
All 3 of us Temporary Services people are here in NYC for 's Living As Form show (hosts of MARKET!). Opens Saturday 9/24!
What im watching on TV is totally TOTALLY wrong.
Can't stop. Won't stop.
.....UH I AM SO MUCH COOLER! CODY SIMPSON FOLLOWED ME!
can i touch u honey no ah
listening to music right now....bout to bust out with them originals.....whoa....
if austin wants to reply to your dm he will so can you please stop posting about it its everyother tweet not to sound meen (:
mkay oh and i have a suprise for you on the last day of school hehe
Hey u found me haha hows it going with the messeage for Our Mun? if you need anything let me on here and @ soompi
Your butthurt; glorious
Aa an upper middle class person, I have the luxury of reliable cars.
True. CPW (cost per wear) is lower that way!
Can you please follow me Ryan??? pleasee (:
Wish I could play sick an get away from it
How was your event last week?
I'm tired just reading that.. : )
Good morning tweeps :)
Awww... is such a Glambert! Love him loving our Adam. Keep at it Jay, and I'll keep watching you!
s/o to teyana taylor....#da truth
Hooray for Illinois! As a forensic psychologist, I often saw the threat of a death penalty used to extract a confession from the innocent.
Just watched the trailer for #thehelp n now I really wanna watch it
Sounds Good.(: lol
I hiding myself at a corner ...to avoid your eyes .....''Don't look at me'''
Damn it man
i'm quite good at playing the same thing over and over again.
uh for eternity!
You're welcome!!:) I can only imagine, I was so nervous about my interview, but this is something so much bigger!:) I wish you
T.Rains put on a great show. Definitely my fave of the night
Been watching In Plain Sight on Netflix. Love this show! Then Sleuth read my mind and is playing the last episode I watched.
Good call.
Finally some free time to do what I will & I hav no money to go anywhere. Sad sad sad, gotta get a sec job again not used to livin like this
Great tips on entering the job market from the UW #histsci faculty and students today at our Fri brownbag. Re-cap blog post coming soon!
I REALLY WANNA TRY THAT!!!!!!
i just wish I'd get a real one :(
Love, peace and soul.
although this is our sixth year on tv, viewed by more than 70 million people worldwide, won and emmy, no one knows we exist! why??
woodmans is freeking awesome.... Make sure you go with a few hours to spare... It's huge
peter Piper Pizza haha
My baby girl Brianna said dada for the first time. I knew I would be her favorite parent! Sorry Linda. LOL
Happy New Year! Who got midnight kisses? Who's really hung over? We're here 'til 6am! Come spend the night...
GWHAT QOTD: Could you roughly draw the Continental Divide on a map without mountains? What info *would* you need?
Life isn’t like a pencil, you can’t erase your mistakes… Life is more like a pen, you can white out them but they will still be there…
Hi Matt!! Droppin by to say hi. Hope you and yours are well and, that you're having a great week. Take care and best wishes bro
hey marv ill be there for thanksgiving im going to try to link up with everyone:-)
first time watching this show and I love it
Are you kidding me? You HAVE to be joking #Mets! It's Castillo all over again!
Glad we git that straight! Now you're getting very sleepy. :)
I'm Amazing!(: an WHAT YOUR DYING? You Need Dr. Chesnei to Come to the rescue?!(:
Retweet if you use/have used a tingle lotion and loved it!
I don't care u know dat and where's my link?
Who want to be me tweeting buddy for the night?
I still can't believe you are all posting tonight. Amazing. Hard. So many are thinking of and praying for y'all.
Great hospitality, great work, and great study tours, courtesy of UNCA/United Neighborhood Houses of New York members
I could spend another two months in costa rica....weird being home
oh I forgot... Special stop tomorrow at central middle school 11-12. If chad wants a red velvet I can drop it by !!
Really texaco? lol RT <--SHE RIDE DICK SO GOOD:-) My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things
Awesome! So where are we going?
You piss me off
Santorum: proof that Midwest Republicans favor hatred and bigotry even more than money and hypocrites.
I am Pissed off!
Blowing up your phone til your actually man enough to talk to me about this..
ur a bitch!
but I'll still check it every two minutes to see if I got that temp job.
Tradition? #quesitonrules and yeah- that's a stupid reason.
what do you think about possibly making a trade for someone like Byrd from cubs? Francesca talking about it
thanks for the info...guess I will have to proceed quildless
She's on Mad Men? As who??
Advertisement: "your baby can read! 'My baby is one and is reading at a third grade level'". Really? Ha
In west Philadelphia born 'n raised, on the playground is where I spend most 'a my days...
So excited for the first meeting of the semester! I can't wait to meet all the new members and eat some yummy pizza, yum!
Thanks Pam for really good discussion!
Annex Trivia is TONIGHT at 9pm!
Bargain... anything a customer thinks a store is losing money on. -Kin Hubbard
hheeeyy how are you?
CUSTOM MEDITERRANEAN HOUSE IN LOS FELIZ HILLS IS NOW ON THE MARKET. 3BD, 3.5 BTH. $2,499,000, CONTACT ME FOR AN APPOINTMENT.
Great conversation and ideas today about a great company regarding what's next, optimization, & efficiencies
RT : Dear , An idea: open source glucometer test strips. End predatory marketing & piracy.
CALLING ALL #DRUMMERS IN THE #LA AREA! YOUR DAD'S KIDS IS LOOKING FOR A NEW #DRUMMER!!! CONTACT US NOW!!!
“: Loyalty hahahahaha” Cmon Dwade, you know better than that. Your a good guy, no need to swerve on to the other side.
thanks for the #mintyboost charging so far away from a plug.
especially gorgeous hair today! ;)
you were so good when you sang in the tinychattt!
Anyone know the current link to ColdFusion 9 Lockdown Guide? All links to it seem to be broken.
anytime sir thanks for stopping down last night! Always good to see you!
#IndieMusic MP3: Gap Dream – “58th St. Fingers”
bet it was um lol “: My weekend was #interesting”
I was there from start. Still am; his success benefits team. Maddening lonely up here on the Volstad bandwagon, but I'm still here
what are you talking about lmao.
seeking NW singers that would make good Ronettes/Tina Turner/Righteous Brothers/Beatles. Suggestions?
Governments just need something simple that works. XML open standards work for the needs these govs have. Ship has sailed.
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988
TY to all who made the Whisky show last night. IT was awesome! Thanks to Bob Buchman, Jeramiah Red, Rachael, and everyone in my huge...
,im the nicest person yell ever meet
Awesome! So glad to hear it! Get in touch if you need help finding a #TEFL job.
Download our new FREE APP for iphone & android called california vip!
Wow thank you!! Be on the look out - may make a stop in #NYC!
I have a head ache now
Dammit. This is really, really sad.
Is there any one who would like to volunteer to help out with the cake tasting tour June 16th? I need ppl to help me! DM me or text me!
Totally loving the Sweetgrass Dairy Heat cheese. Lot's-o-peppers!
Resume and letter are printed. If there's any typos, I didn't see them and shouldn't be held responsible.
We have sponsorship spots open for a #dating contest being hosted in Feb. Want to reach #professional #singles - contact
I know! :-/ my life has done a 180! You were right! So in love with our little girl. :-)
Lady Antebellum tickets for sale Tonight @ The Nashville Municipal Auditorium. Tickets as low as $40 per ticket. Call us at 888-493-0004
School starts this Tuesday, #alamw12 in two weeks, and Chicago in march! This spring is going to be a blast!
Followed :) Follow back.
Headed to the smell to check out some bands
Could it be? After months of planning we are proud to encourage everyone to RUN don't walk & check out our NEW website! drawnwell.com
Sometimes Austin wears me at night.(; haha
Cab driver gets in a slight wreck & we still make the mtg on time.
i ask if there's anything else i can do and my boss says YES HERE IS A GIANT PROJECT i cry
Wow. Kden. I didn't want a good night or anything like that y'know. It's cool.
Still soaking in the great feelings from a very fun night at the club last night.
RT : Found Trump’s birth certificate. He was born in Hawaii, but before it was a state. This is getting complicated.
Today kicks off National Young Audiences Week!
Thats ok...that just means I come from amazing looking genes!
Thursday of next week, I'll be on my way to Virginia Beach at this time. I love seeing my mom at the beach. She is always the happiest there
I can't believe One Direction tickets for June 2013 go on sale this week. I can't even commit to things in June 2012.
Spain 2010 World Cup Champions.
You too! Miss you!
on the other hand, inspired by 's response. I shall now leave keys to my apartment, mailbox and car around for all to use
Bittersweet Symphony (n)
it was during the "civic engagement in science" talk. Kate Atkins was showing a table of first sightings.
Can get ugly!
Thanks for the RT! ;)
Excellent news
Let's play "tomorrow's headline". I'll start: PREZ IN GAY FLIP FLOP FLAP
my brother just graduated college for computer animation and video editing, he's looking for a job message me and ill give ...
3 pages of research paper done>>>> 2 more to go<<< super tired going to bed<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Extremely bitter that the Masters coverage doesn't start until 2
Dammit Facebook, would you stop messing with your layout...are you so insecure that you feel the need to change the way you look this often?
Getting my hair donee.
You're welcome!
This weekend has been the weekend of Evernote. Just now am I fully realizing its potential.
oh come on, you don't bid $1 when you're the FIRST one bidding!
Don't say it doesn't matter because it does matter to me.
I HATE thunder and lighting.
> and where were you today?
At the showroom for a wardrobe fitting for the Roxy Show!!
Just got alluh Irvine Welsh's auld books, like, more n cannae handle. Gaun talk tae the auld boy fir Nylon Guys son.
PURGATORY <<AFTER HOURS>> LAUNCHES SATURDAY !!! STAY TUNED FOR DETAILS !!!!
Me too! RT : Checking out the SEO & Google+ #mojowebinar put on by
wow! That's wonderful! Congrats!! Are you going to #ALA12?
I shop too much.
exactly. Different expectations for griffin. Plus Rodgers was definite starter. They were competing for backup spot.
The new website looks great
Cousin's House! I Love Her So Much!!!!! <3
Just got the mercury plugin bundle. Its a wrap
Im guessing basketball going good 4 u
half of those views on "Aaron Fresh and the Spider" probably came from me. I hate spiders and that video's just hilarious love
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Cinna has fabulous skills with golden eyeliner
6 more days final edits can be sent to the printer. Will keep you posted on the ebook release & when soft copy pre-orders will be announced
hahahah I can do a split so I'm a slut? #MakesSensee #IAgree <3
sounds good. Let's sip on some sizyrup and eat BK!
Pissed the f*** off right now
I talked to God last night, I told God I feel tired, so I got permission I can play around today.
Emily's text: "Need Ashkers Stat." Mine: "Yep." And that's how you plan breakfast.
I wake up each morning torn between a desire to enhance the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
Today is the last day to submit your 2-3 min DREAMer story for feetintwoworlds.org. Send to
Curiosity begins as an act of tearing to pieces or analysis.—Samuel Alexander
Way to be a douche.
RT : ": What's worse...Dancing With Celebrities or Playing With Muppets?" I think you know the answer.
When someone flirts with the person you love, you automatically hate their guts.
Aras and I are now the proud new parents of Louie and Leon, two deformed, totally lovable fishies. Photos TK.
bumping cuts with and need something to do for spring break any ideas people?
yeahh. Aha but i dnt even kno if i CAN take it.. i gotta ask if we have to stay the whole 2 hours.
PonyTail Sunglasses and Advil
trouble with pig-ambrose -x local? I'll post some updates this weekend!
In other news my baby is healthy and everything is Great
I hate boys with a passion but I gotta lot of homeboys tho >>
Him & Basketball <3
71-65 #Grizzlies getting in their rhythm!!!!
where do you feel that?
#3WordsForYou You are you.
chopping celery and carrots for my soup
Yes. You can't go wrong with either.
Today's the last day to submit your photos for the Put Some heART in your Step contest! Email submissions to
Follow me on Twiiter and Instagram
my drinking was not the reason we lost...for once. Haha.
AW my baby set up a dinner with my close friens:)
hope ur cousin is better. Will say prayers for her. I think drs anymore just try n get the easyway out. Sad.
absolutely! So honored to be part of our state's big day!
"A mind that is stretched to a new idea never returns to its original dimensions." - Oliver Wendell Homes
The most fun way to eat your veggies! Try our hand-battered + fried tempura vegetables, served w jalapeño ranch dressing. Happy hour only!
Thanks! I like being a redhead more than I did being a blonde! Way less breakage!
I am proud of Dwayne Wade and the positive image he portrays as a Blackman taken care of his kids. TBR
I almost love oysters more than clogs.
For some reason I've taken the Instagram plunge. We'll see how long that lasts. Now, who to follow...
Will people stick around after the conference ends Monday afternoon? The schedule looks exciting--and packed!
true story
Hey the Friends Boys trying to match the Ladies advance to the finals Friday looking for back to back championships...
Anyone else notice that terrifying zombie-like lady sitting behind Pierre in that last interview.....?
we live in the same secret location. But don't worry, we won't tell anyone where it is.
We're in labor. Headed to the hospital! May the Fourth be with us!
Went to mcdonalds and went through the drive thru. The lady asked me if i wantedit for here or to go...
Unknown i think. never heard of it though.
While I toil away at editing episode 27 of Parlour to Parlour, is jamming to Prince at the Oakland Arena. Me jealous? Why yes!
Thank you to my FB, Twitter, LinkedIn friends and followers for the thoughtful birthday wishes.
RT : Is your picture just a cookie cutter version of what the photographer does, or is it a great picture of YOU! Could make...
What are the PayPal numbers?
cheers. Just be glad your not in chi-town for another snow storm.
That's more than I've been.
I #followback. ;p
Kate come say HI to UNITY, maybe help grant a wish here in PA. Look us up! G nite!
Looking for AAE's and SAE's with BtoB and Consumer experience. Email me at
Post Office worker let me in an hour after they'd closed when he saw me crestfallen and helped me use self-service machine.
Thanks for helping! RT : Chefs paired w schools help w plan healthy meals, Austin without a #chef. Come on #Austin pls...
I came to win to fight to conquer to thrive I came to win to survive to prosper to rise TO FLY TO FLY
This Rodney closer is no joke.
laser pointer 20$ airsoft g36c laser spring kit ;P
I Wonder Why Nobody Tried To Stop Me?
The devil is very clever... Knows right when to attack our minds. #staystrong! He hates to see us happy or being thankful to God
You in the wrong line of work sexy.
That nigga is a hoe he just wanna fuck
apparently this black lady at work thinks i watch her and follow her to make sure she doesnt steal shit....really? your fucking dumb..rude
Thanks you're a pretty good book buddy too
Up early to visit my favorite farm, then time to bake. A lady Baltimore cake. Should be fun
Working on them. All new. You're Coach's mom?
Good Friday Service at 7pm tonight. Easter Services at 7 (youth led), 8:30 & 9:40 (traditional) and 11am (contemporary) on Sunday.
Read 2day that #LyingSackofMitt was outpolling PBO w/women. Women 4 Mitt makes as much sense 2 me as Log Cabin Republicans. How can this be?
One more date in south bend saturday, then off to meet the storm in JC sunday
damn now I want some cap'n crunch!!
Specializing in law firm back-office solutions for solo, small and mid-sized law firms. www.firmsolutionsltd.com
it ain't that hard to get back in the loop.
I just spent a minute trying to wrap my mind around fact that the latest culture-war issue is, of all things, contraception. It hurt.
THE COLOR RUN IS COMING TO ALBUQUERQUE!!! I haven't been this excited since my marathon. Who wants to be on my team?
I feel ya
Adderoll an Coffee this morning about to honey baked ham on my work today!
Check out from 6-8 am or we'll just have to assume you don't know what cool is :-(
hahahahahaha you dont even know her ! She is a good friend girl!! Hahaha i love youu marissa!
#LawyersTitleSouthlake is awesome! Big thanks to Jeff Fielder, Randy & Priscilla Stegall. Next time champagne to the top of the glass. :)
great ideas! if you know anyone in any of those states, tell them to buy one & we'll make it!
A bit o' trivia, I played some drums on a tune on the amazing 's "Creekmouth" on his record Heavy Ghost-lovely album, buy one now!
Thanks for the RT (sorry for the delayed thx)
Drink special, be special! Try the wknd cocktail: the Green Jacket! Stoli Orange, Midori, Triple Sec, OJ, in a KEY'S FOSHAY PINT GLASS!
dang it
Gotta love people fucking with you out the gate!
and I mean it! You're your grandfathers grandson! Genitcallyhigh!
ahh, i see. but theoretically, i could run it off a local web server, like MAMP, it would work, no?
It was at Harris Grill. Nowhere, now.
Morning Tweeps...it's a great day to be
finally, after more than a month, i'm allowed to post my review of #BestExoticMarigoldHotel tomorrow …
Check craigslist for Science Lounge tix. I think I saw some there...
its jus a habit 4 sum people
Shopping time!!!
RT if JUSTIN BIEBER isn't following you, cause i can send 100 dms to him for you : ) { follow me i ALWAYS follow back }
YES! the caitlin girls take to the air today--with a new episode on-demand every Tuesday on Ch 411
#MU2 After care summaries: nobody cares more about accuracies than the patient - we now have thousands of fact checkers medicine
Heading to for the opening reception of “American People, Black Light: 's paintings of the 60s”
Just let me have you!!!
The Island and it's universe and uniqueness weren't addressed much, emphasizing how it wasn't the point. A post-modern fin.
Bruh Last Nite Killed Our Ass 2 fresh Wit Da Big Ass Jeans
We're listening, Newt. Really...go ahead.
Thanks to u my friend... :)
#SDSU #Aztecs Basketball are #12in Coaches Poll and #13 in AP Poll. Two tough wins at altitude this week means Top 10.
good morning bane!
How much time do you spend commuting?
#6HOURS #BOYFRIEND let's go!!!!
Goldschmidt better not screw me over.
Me, too! My plan is to sub one meal/day this week, then go to 2/day next week (after grading purgatory). What about you?
Couple players still playing tonight, but fantasy football championship update: - 56, - 52
Have a great weekend!
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
going to concert here in la I know GT bass for over 20 yrs what do you think of Wrecking Ball?
I love you all so much. Thank you for your support. Love you all so much and look forward to a great journey. Happy Easter! xoxo
As you invest in reg'l + nat'l #advertising do you require each rep to disperse your message via their social #media? >
hey girl!! Are you & Ray at #TheComedyAwards ? :))
yeah we will no go to sleep its past your bed time kid
Someday I'm going to bust a tooth from hitting the rim of my glass against it.
it was great to meet the crew!
Happy Thanksgiving, everybody!!!
Wow! Blast from the past. Let's make another!
have a baseball game togiht
Are you going to make a sequel to Beautiful Disaster?
Don't let this week go by without visiting the Margarita Cabrera exhibition @ SECCA. Free admission. Come see the Hummer inside the gallery.
Success doesn't come to you…you go to it.
I'm always here for you if you need to talk girly :)
more than sonogram/baby pictures?!?
apparently the new thing is to show everything on 40 giant tvs, so, I hope we have a B&H account…
#ThingsPortlandGirlsSay "I did coke with Isaac Brock at this party last week. He was kind of a dick. I still blew him though."
Late night @ the gym ... dead tired
you are the reason my heart beats
tommorow dont worry new parts coming up
Atlas Gold intermittent power issue? - Forums - Model Railroader ...
o_o how old are you
stop saying #YOLO .
Internet for Knicks. either someone in US : The Original Madison Square Garden @ Premium?
PR Tip of the Day: Make sure you pitch your story on a slow news day because hard news will always be covered before soft news.
Titanic voice: Come back <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
I am. Thank you, Cari. I wish you many great weeks, too!
Moon Underwater is playing next! Not too late to come out and rock with us at Club Venom!
how is what?
this account not authorized by us () we are the real deal :)
Hi, Billy- hope you'll follow
Is this a Pasadena-wide power outage? Or just my block? Or my fuse box? We don't own AC.
Richards is earning that big contract
nelson cruz is unreal
OHH! I HATE tweet limit SO MUCH :(( Thats awesome that you got off it<3
awkward moment when ur playing imaginary soccer in ur kitchen and to everyone around you it looks like your running in circles.
lovely! Thanks hhhehe
it's so hot here omg it shouldn't be 85 in m a r c h
this guy is going to be good! He's under rated on Madden, but made my cut! GREAT for returns too!
That's the number i've been texting you from
remembering that bad things the City tries to do should not be taken personally even tho they can really personally harm me and many others!
Horrible diaper rash today. Poor baby screams anytime I get close to her diaper. Trying Triple Paste now
Also we just got some awesome news that we'll share whenever we can.
Thanks guys!
I have a Twitter problem
The lightsaber is one of the best inventions ever!
Seski find solace in moon over Mt. Bachelor and sparkly water around canoe. See scorpion in stars and learn astronaut train in Oregon?! ROWR
Man with Dean and Deluca's bag filled with money buys the Morton Williams out of powdered sugar. I love grocery shopping on off peak hours.
That reminds me: since they've repainted the walls and ceiling and replaced the microwave, I should take a comparison photo.
So did anyone else feel like the first 15 minutes of #AVENGERS felt like a poorly executed A-Team episode?
Good morning Atlanta! Choose Coffee!
We're stoked, too!
lmao I'm dying.. That random bot
I have never been offended by you PhillyD! I'm offended! Wait...does that mean you have offended me by not offending me?
brrrr, time to hibernate.
Let's talk "behavior rules" at
Absolutely this.
Let's do this..... THE TIME IS NOW! LET'S GO MAVS!
I guess I'm not "for the people" because that video seems to be a bunch of hipster crap if you ask me.
OHH YEAAH ! lol thats who i thought it was, but yeah and when i cheated on @&%$^%$ with ^$^%#^ lol
is contemplating how much I dislike the Twitter fad (oh the irony). Don't get me wrong it has its uses, but 95% of the time its misused.
": Dodgers cant win every game...#StillFirstPlace #Dodgers" /// they finally played a good team.. sweeps coming dodgers fans...
Dear Dude who kept on saying weird things to me (cant judge who ya dont know)
I just had a nice meal out with the kids. My kids are smart, clever, compassionate, and quite silly. I have no idea where they get it.
Someone wrote this on the final :) RT : May the 4th be with you
Caleb Hanie et al are horrendous
really?? Don't put me on blast..geeezz
Consulted with rest of those in my household - not cutting the back yard today
I just wanted to let you know you're not alone of thinking some guys are girls..I'm now a victim. :(
Lord grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, & the wisdom to know the difference
not now
wrapping up a video edit, then preparing for a meeting tomorrow for possible PassTheNotes partners...exciting times ahead, focused!
oh juss asked
Praise be to God for another day. God is good.
Make sure you are following my tweets for !! I just posted some great #instagram photos from this weekend!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 14
Yes if you are one of our followers then you receive a discount on any event or party you book with us....
you go dude. And I don't see any pick up trucks trailing me!
speaking of...Toni morrison's ex was at the abbey last night!
Are you intersted in speaking, sponsoring, or attending one of our events? Visit us at www.opalgroup.net
As much as I wish you would get out of my life, sad truth is you will always be a part of it.
The way I remember Superman? Clark Kent. I liked the end, you didn't.
Sure, you could call it mad cow disease, but you could also call it. Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy. Thanks,
i'm def. going to be peter pan for halloween. This confirmed it.
Sessions are being booked for 9/26-9/30 & we have a few slots left. Call to schedule 602.315.4850 or visit us at www.sparrowkane.com!
Please dont try to tell me your the same person, because your not anymore.
Well thank you “ yes”
Perfection is hidden in the little shortcomings.
Thanks for the follow! We'll keep you posted!
No, he's a pure 2
I feel like all I did this weekend was make food for the kids, do dishes, do laundry, and break up screaming matches. Need a drink
Yeah, of course I like Viva la Vida I'm not the biggest coldplay fan but every now & then they make a really addicting song !*)
Why isn't my life an 80s movie?
Going to Walts and Rubes house to a Monavie Tasting
hey doesnt love you! i asked him if he did, no reply. maybe you should make yourself more sexy for the fag?
I think it's just Elmira if only it was warm and there was a huge party in the street and yeah I'm proud
After a decade of decline.. 2-3 years wouldn't be that long. Could be competitive next year with one good offseason.
Heck of a great night. One more final to go.
Have a great New Year too!
dude...we got it here in Nashville...on just regular cable...channel CSS
Filling in at Moose Winooski's tonight for so c'mon out! Fun begins after the nightly shot toast at 8p!
Terrible game. Sick seats.
Psych final this morning O.o I'm also getting my scrapbook back :)
C'mon Rae...get with it;) ADR stands for Advanced Dining Reservations at Disney World!! So if I say ADR, you say......?
2 degree low in Madison today--stay warm out there people!
I'm sitting next to your twin at the airport and trying to snag a pic but I'm way too close and obvious :/ awkward!
Q6 How abt "Marketologists" who embraces tech to harness connections, extend conversations + repurpose value repeatedly #swxengage :)
Gunna sell all my books back. I'll prolly get a total of $6 for the $4,000,000 I spent...
We are going to start using dm's in order to thank followers. That should cut down on the tweets =]
Tonight at 8. The Masqerade on Hell's Stage. 8 Bands. The Fusion Music Concert Series II. Get your ass there.
Well, your daughter's so cute, and I'm sure her Birthday will be a lot of fun; Mother's Day can be fun too..you'll be ok :)
Watching this Baylor-SDSU game and all I can think of is what could have been 3 years ago... Thanks
On my way to LA for AT&T National Diving Championships. LIVE TV coverage on NBC and Universal Sports! GOOD LUCK DIVERS!
Friday. Come quicker.
I like the way they suck you in! 1 for Heather 0 for Ant! haha
My mother got pulled over for speeding XD ha!
fantastic! Helping inspire customers on how they could use social media for biz is very rewarding - how's it been for you?
Don't watch me observe me you might learn something..
Barcelona? Or do you have better idea? RT : mike!s paying. Where shall we go?
Thank you Sarah for your support! RT : Don't forget to #GiveBIG to your favorite nonprofits today!
here's a sample #edt6060 tweet
They climbin' up the ladder, clear to the loft shuckin those dirty ol' work clothes off. Singin' brown chicken brown cow.
Anyone got Matt Brandes # ?
I'm like the big momma cat.
Want help with computers, job skills, or cell phones? LIFT has a workshop for you! Contact us for info.
Hi, my name is Zack and i'm bored
yes it is. Because I well never mind. I guess not. Haha
Good morning and happy Monday! How will you empower your community this week?
It's going to be a productive and insightful Public Programs Section meeting Fri night at #afs11 - all are welcome, please join us!
I saw that one too, but we are going to the music fest, so we won't be able to do it. :-/
I'm resolved to focus on my health & wellness in 2012. W/out my health nothing else really matters. What's your goals for 2012?
": OMG I cannot wait to see The Vow!!!! #lovemovies <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>"
hey RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.
ATTN: unsigned singers, dancers,djs join our #Team send us an email if you really whts up b/c "We GOT work!"
Happy Monday, everyone! Did anyone discover amazing art this weekend?
So does my sister-in-law's cat.
makes vetted Credit Card processers bid for your business, for free. Save 40%? Yes, please.
In the mood for some Wendy's
We love our city!
Officially a nittany lion! defiantly doing to Penn State next year :)
Ive been trying to buy a Hyundai Elantra for two weeks now, and no dealership can seem to get the color and model I want!
COMPROMiSE..EVRYTHiNG YOU AiNT GONE ALWAYS LiKE ABOUT SOMEBODY YOU LOVE...
Happy Thursday! What is one thing you just have to have in your new Spring wardrobe??
I have been unsuccessful in reaching a person to talk with at the Orafacial Pain Center for weeks. Please advise.
check out kandizone.com
We're sorry to hear that, feel better soon!
I officially quit smoking cigarettes :)
Those still disgust me. Blueberry Pop Tart + milk.
I know how to bark now....it's awesome!
No Bravo at this hotel! Ahh! Wishing I was watching the #realhousewives drama unfold / tweeting to win an ipad from (@ Hampton Inn)
Nice! Gotta love these GREAT mornings! :-P
Hhahaha I am so disappointed I'll never be able to try any of it. Cheesey for days
Its' Launch Day!!!
also....pisces get in for free
humble hearts,dream intacts,D miracle will come
I'm going to vomit @ this homework
Watching West Wing Episode 85: Evidence of Things Not Seen. "We were on an environmental mission for Finland?"
That is one of the best ones for far with Enrique. I have that same crap with the thyroid -it just makes you tired alot- no fun
I don't have anyone to go with! So if you guys wanna go, we should make a plan to do it! :D
Thanks!!! RT Loving how our science teachers are using NBC Learn videos in their classes! Thanks for this fab resource!
I-Home working this morning. Work will be much better with music today.
Yes indeed cuzzo
dropped a metal pole on my face from the attic..
well, I didn't get to attend the dinner, just the parties. And I was working, so...
So bummed!! Will b out of town. Luv reasons to wear fancy hats too ;) but will b there!!
are you sure it's the designs?
I'm seriously an idiot. But even after everything....got in the car and What Makes You Beautiful was on.... always makes things better.
“: Exactly 10 days ago I PRd at 100lb front squat. Today I broke that at 125lbs :-) yay crossfit” that's huge!
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers. He can heal your loved one.
Wow. When did all of that happen?
Tonight, at ground kontrol, I got my ass handed to me in Mortal Kombat 2 too many times to count.
I WAS but you forgot all about me so your boyfriend replaced you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Digital Services Seek a Captive Consumer
catch past episodes at www.youtube.com/dckinteractive 7 episodes for your viewing pleasure!
you have no idea how tired we are here in Wisconsin, we need your back in #wirecall, #BarrettWin =
Oh, it's been way too long since I read those (in translation)
BIG MONEY
No Northern Lights :( sad. Just got to see the big dipper and a shooting star and lose sleep. Gonna be so tired tmr!
Aw! Ok, can't handle this! Growing up too fast:( RT: got my permit
OMG this is so sweet right there
She's so beautiful and I tell her everyday <3
Your multiupload link for Admiral Beast V.01 is not working can you help?
I just met a man who actually has one of our hand-stenciled Thistled Spring violin cases! So glad it has a happy home
love u too
having dreams every night. always good. never bad... b fun if they came true. but i no im not the only 1 to have ddub dreams
Damn this is UGLY
dont worry bro trust me shes way better off w/ u
Im tryna be nice but fuck him
Guess who's goin to the #DrakeColeAndFrenchyConcert in june... THIS GUY #completely amped
omg I'm totally like 5 blocks away!
This is so annoying..
Lol, the right one is just around the corner;)
Well please tell Ronnie I'm sorry I was so slow on the draw and didn't put two and two together until I walked away.
YES. but I wasn't on the fence. your music destroys fences.
killer stop by Thomas on Johansson, but that's a whiff by 90 with an open side.
I've never been a big fan of STEM bc I've always been more concerned with arts funding. I am definitely behind STEAM tho.
I'm tired my eye hurts and I have a headache cool stuff <U+E40E>
I wanna try, I'm an awful guy & I'm always away & am tryin 2 say I'mma piece of sh*t believe in this I'm tellin you
I may have to check it out. What channel is it on?
Does instagram tell you when people comment back to you on a picture?
you're welcome. Glad to hear it!
u cant stop its ur destiny
possibly making a new addition to the team. up and coming mma fighter. those who know me personally know that I'm a huge fan of the sport!
Woke up to a backed up sink. Good thing I know a trustworthy plumber.
'baby im nothing but bad news.' c;
here section 126
Baking cookies with Mom and Wallace hmu lol.
College thus far has been nothing more than paying extraordinary sums for a man with a doctorate to give me a paper cut on the ear. Twice.
Dally is the best friend in the whole world and I love her so so so so so much. This is SO not Dally either, heh...
a dream like this not something you wish for when its a gift worth taking a chance for this is something you sing for
thanks for passing on the interview link :) much appreciated!
Just changed my location from Oak Bluffs to Memphis....interesting...
selena I love you with all my heart <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Hmm or should I Name my Phone Dylan like from Chrlie's Angels? I love Drew Barrymore x3
Power play with erika and her cousin! Funn time lmfao
whose fault is it if she dont get wet?.
Well folks, Im out for a bit. Doing some panty shopping and getting coffee with a friend, then back for
Boy, June and July have been busy months!
My phone is on 2g /:
Awh you rule!!!!
How does one actually beam a laser all the way at a pilot? And why? Glad the pilots (and passengers) were ok at least.
There are already girls that are looking at you and being jealous of how pretty you are. Cause it's the truth. You're beautiful <U+2665>
Thanks! It's always great connecting on Twitter with a talented MUA such as yourself.
People I don't know following me. They're have connections to R. Hedley. Did he send them? Do they have flyonwall technology?
and I love you back for being one of the sweetest people I've ever met! =)
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS tonight at 7pm. Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue, Suite 1203. NYC. Class $20.
Mom: "Biafra was a genocide. The Northern soldiers were purposefully targeting Igbos. And the rest of the world chose not to see it."
I think grows a couple kinds of shiso
Post - ears ringing, sweaty, happy. I've been rocked!
"So, who was shot?" What? /Blinks/ no one says that...
Welcome new FUEL members from of our most supportive employer members!
After social media what will we use to distract us from connecting to our greatness? The quest to feel connected without physical contact!
Last tweet= 2 say : 'selectively enforce' THEIR bias n2 the perception of the events they r called upon 2investigate; covering up corruption
A social life, what's that?
My boyfriend was on his way home from work one night and was pulled over for speeding. When the officer asked what the rush was, my boyfr...
Thanks! Happy Friday :)
Lurking my brother tweets lol
Sad as ever to be leaving #saa10. Wonderful to see so many great folks. Already looking forward to Chicago. And to getting home.
Thanks for the great Triple Crown facial! Loved it!!!
fortunately that was 2008 and not 2011!
Let's fall in art together.
awh that sucks...well hopefully its gets better soon!
AYE no bs this Big Sean station playing all the classics WE TAKING OVER than the remix they need to stop it lol
Jessica ruined all my favorite songs/artists tonight. Please leave.
Is so cute. I swear, I just want to pinch his cheeks! :P
I used to be one of those people who never tweeted (sp?). Now look at me, i'm a tweeting machine <3
I really hope not, it would be yet another bad example on Glee. They don't even have jobs! They always break!
leonard cohen's old ideas album is seriously effing getting to me
If she feels like that-then she should LEAVE the BENCH & take herself & her son to Africa and LEAVE the USA!
good. At home visiting my family. Looking for inspiration - when is #artomatic so I can see your work?
I did...that's actually how I found out about the show. Remind me to give you the scoop later!
S/o to the Southwind Class of '12!!! Y'all be safe tonight and enjoy the hell out y'all prom and you ain't got any kids keep it that way!
Totes. Generally speaking I'm not a fan of concerts @ the BC. Would much prefer Turner or Pabst. But again, suite = free food, booze.
been up for two hours...have yet to eat.
python products may not be shipped to the state of California
Who needs visuals?!?! email your boi #forthelow #videos/photos
So proud of myself for staying at school all day today! I'm tryin to control my Senioritis this week. Lord help me!
What Dick Clark!? RIP
Good morning!!!
Save the date: Corporate Education Group's next Corporate Preview is on September 16th PM, Strategic Decision Making and more. Details soon!
Breakfast wasnt that great but this was the best weekend i missd my girls this brought me back to sanity had a great time
The moment when I'm chewing on my ring and realize that I dropped it on the floor ten minutes ago
Hey i just met you ;)
Today in Literary History: On May 3, 1913 American playwright William Inge (Pulitzer winner for PICNIC) was born in Kansas.
Now he's talking about my hair blowing in the breeze.
Training with all the other great managers on Howard Hanna tech updates so we can teach our agents! Let the training begin!
Multi-way PLUNGE get it in order everyone I didn't even take one tissue in Victoria's Secret at ALL but I had two beers I could hardly walk.
You will have to see ;)
Maiden flight of Naval Light Combat Aircraft carried out
Now that I know about Mitt's scissor shenanigans, I don't feel so bad about the time we chased him down at the barn dance & cut his rattail.
lol, looks like a place i might want to set foot in to. and yea, ive been mad busy...twitter was cutting into my sleeping time :D
Reward systems are most effective when going beyond "points": virtual bling, stickers or objects that add abilities
Fred can you DL Viber on your cp or any handheld?
Kristina, this one is for you and my weinah,we ain't gotta fuck, but at least give me a buck, Cause'...blazedmau5.tumblr.com
Wow! Very nice site! I love it - even though I can't understand a word on the page.
I would never joke about Roosters.
Carlos thought it was cool to put lotion in my shoe -___- like inside.
Hats in the Belfry
i have lots of problems XD
You guys definitely did meet! Just wanted to make sure you had contact info!
'Cause she's a badass.
yes ur see I wont have so many $1 bills I carry in my pocket
thank you, love that star!
GM doll
Watching the aerobics is my faaaaav
Preparing for a special live performance (August 9th, 2009) / World Conquerors Church 5th Anniversary! / Merritt College Student Ctr-Oakland
Cannot thank enough for the Dave Mason/Doobie Brothers concert tonight. Absolutely fantastic
ha! not gonna lie, it's probably going to take me awhile
Bloody Marys: a morning cocktail or evening cocktail? Discuss.
HH was fun! Now where's my jersey shore at? :P
Are you kidding?? I have a crackerjack illustrator living right in my apartment with me!
Santa Monica High , class of 2014?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> Hm ...
BIG thank you to Lilka for putting Vegan 101 series in to Polish subtitles: tp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoDfJt4zPLg
My friend has never seen the Outsiders. Why are we friends?
Saw Act of Valor tonight... Very inspiring movie. Thank you to all who serve. #USA! #USA!
Just got some bad news. Trying not to cry or worry.. Praying praying praying
thanks for citation (& the shout out) but I still question their (dated) conclusions. Need a new study I guess
cause I'm not niga i don't need to explain myself lol
Perhaps this was a bug, but if so, who can trust with content you don't backup? I mean, what if the stuff was actually good?
I'm not trying 2 me rude or anything but I think jasmine v is kinda phony like she dissed Justin now shes following him on instagram &....
The $30 gift card goes to.... ! Congrats!
first time user learning about twitter
Totally. I sometimes find myself using a voice worthy of a diaper and a pacifier when flirting. "Girly" vs. "sexy".
I feel like I've been working on this homework all day and I've gotten nowhere.
Hulk Hogan in a Malkin jersey is chirping with Hartnell at he #Pens #Flyers game.
HaHa, Ole Miss loses again and for once I didn't have them!! Nice 3 picks Snead, u still suck even though u didn't cost me anything
You mean we won't stop screaming brakes-BRAkes-BRAKES. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Too many papers to finish in so little time....
I am already loving 2012! I am ready to spread the love!
is going to be a little bit silly, excited for
Thanks dude. I KNOW you know how much work it is to get it all started. Next goal is top 200!
A man can dream, can't he??? Haha RT : Still going with Gamboa over Salido..
I am so mad bro. What a fucking day. Man
We are excited to announce that Instinct Magazine is an official sponsor of Diversity Platinum Look for special offers in days to come!
Quote of the Day: Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.......
done with this bull. can someone bring me food? seems like my mom doesn't care if there is no food in the house.
I Dont Feel Good :/
I wish I had the tan I developed over Spring Break.
Looking forward to a table read with the cast on Thursday!
i uh, miss the effff out of you! Drinks this week?!
lmao I told you man! When's your prom? :)
writing a paper on how processual and post processual approaches deal with question of status in mesoamerican archaeology- advice?
Does it mean that I am old that #Foofighters now has a greatest hit album...arghhh, I made fun of my parents for their greatetst hits albums
Cout's comments make Malkin seem old and like he has disappointed his fans. I love it.
speaking of Lambeau changes, how many seats are they adding with funds from stock sales?
always a work in progress-improvement never ends...keep the momentum love <3
Lunch with the CCB2B team in Allen/McKinney
watching "Dressed to Kill" for the hundredth time. Come back to Texas please!
was in v.i.p with & last night in atl CRAZY!!!!
I'm honored that followed me today.
you never live chat during the show. You should cut that line for your script to include one more politically incorrect comment
If I cud barter boredom 4 dollars, I'd b rich rite now!
thanks for the twitter love :)
YellowBrickRoad was bizarre, still wondering wtf happened in it. Now watching a holiday classic "Jack Frost" lol
old school jammin'
That song started the night off right!!
Awesome finish! Does this mean free #jimmyjohns tomorrow???
Looks like I'm not the only one trying to do capoeira with karate/aikido punches haha
Great RT : received word last night that my boy Speedy Duncan received his legacy fund. Great news..
Omgg!!! Yess out!!! Aghh! That was oo close!!! #Dodgers #Cubs. Lets get em' out dodgers!!
...and doesn't #Carmel High School's production of "Les Mis" open tonight? 'Not sure...and no time to search before my 2pm meeting.
Yes! Need to think of a smart catchy logo or perhaps some Photoshop work...
smoke more weeden
i live in england and i'm going to paris in july:) x
The office janitor kindly notified me the ladies room floor was wet, but didn't say the toilet seats were also wet.
#Lunchtime Not a cloud in the sky here :-)
at one of our practices
Yesterday, I celebrated "the" birthday party. Today, I celebrate my mother's birthday... Dec. 26, 1921 - Nov. 13, 1986. Happy Birthday, Mom.
If I didn't have my family.. I'd lose my mind.. But with them.. I lose my mind... I guess that's just love (:
you know it St. Clair
Thanks so much! : LOVE the idea! Going to suggest it to all my NYC honeymooners.
my niece is too funny xD
All in all it was all just bricks in the wall
I was going to link a funny picture of Mcihael but he beat me to it in his display
wtf is wrong
"successful tools adapt to the hands that use them." -pragmatic programmers (a good reread)
It's def still an issue and it needs attention, definitely. But it's sad that we didn't reach this conclusion a long time ago.
I don't care about what he did then. It's how he can't even apologize for it now that's dumb
Is it a juice thing?
Thank god nunee got sent down, sick and tired of translating what he says to jeter
lol not me !
I would literally die if you followed me. Your voice is amazing!
If you aren't following you should
sad story :(
Back in dc!
christmas party is always the sloppiest day of the year.
#superbowlsunday Who's gonna win?
"Position yourself as a center of influence - the one who knows the movers and shakers. People will respond to that, and you'll soon become…
All moved in andni didnt lift a finger thanks to my bros.....
Im done with all this crap..stop telling me what to tweet when i dont tell any of you what to tweet.hve a more negative view of most of unow
is supervising the construction of androids.
I love you<3
I like to keep it super classy - twisty straws only, please.
you must be so proud, great speech. Your Dad is picking up steam, nice guys finish 1st!
thanks 4 following. Was at Lyceum for daughters perf in 'Joseph', discovered/enjoyed your discussion! Saw/enjoyed Cronkite' last week
I love you too!
i love you more<3 ur so amazing :) idk why rehanna dumped you, your a wonderful guy. (: btw- i like ur hugs <3
thanks for the follow TenStarpro
12 more hours and I'm out of here for a week. Off to Croatia and Slovenia. YEAH!!!
Cloud was a little exposed but he almost had the 1st rd ko and you wouldnt have know campillo was any good
Happy friend friday y'all!
My moms singing to one direction. (:
Are the Servers down AGAIN for xbox???? cant get on them!!!!
You're cuuuteee.
hurt playin basketball might be out for yr and #yanks rivera hurt in bp
Afternoon guys! Who can guys what song I am loving right now?!?! Maybe or ?
Butler now trails by just one after Nored takes it to the basket. He is again leading Butler in scoring.
what. Details
My legs are getting tan>
Good start. Thanks!
Open my eyes, yeah; it was only just a dream. So I travel back, down that road. Who she come back? No one knows.<U+2665>
is that the old school bird with the white front?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i don't like you .
I will definitely be using this homemade humidification chamber that's being demonstrated at the preservation session.
RT : gotta disagree. You gotta read the defense. (gotta disagree...you hit the open man)
This isn't the first time this has happened. . .
RT : Watching him throw today was the next step in this important process for our team and Peyton. It was a productive visit...
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code DZ72J . Enjoy
Amici's wishes all the moms a very Happy Mother's Day. We'll be serving up some very special brunch and dinners for you today at Amicis.
Yeah murder is really something you just dabble your toes in. We really wetted our toes last night
Sounds amazing! See you at the Chula Vista Nature Center!
hope Romney doesn't try to sing some Elvis or some shit now. But he might have to.
Knock off your damn whining. ;-)
i meant to ask, are you familiar with ? i'm a fan.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp. Berry, John
I just love how everyone is texting me back <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
when my friends call me because WMYB is on the radio >>>>>
Hopefully my weekend plans work out.
why? what happen?
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
ull get there
Grew up on Punch Out. It hurt when you went bad, but it makes me smile to see the champ back on top.
Which would you rather give up during the #NFLDraft: Twitter or Mel Kiper?
I bet at least half of our health issues would be eliminated if they focused on better dental care for all.
Just remembered that I had a dream last night about James Earl Jones
Yikes! RT Brutal cold out there....-10 in Twin Cities with wind chill near -30
Had an amazing time at The Clean Air Clear Stars fundraiser last night!
goin to bed! night all you lovely shrooms!! xx
#vegan day five! Feeling great!
Just bought a brand new cool van!!
Pros and Cons of Investing in Penny Stocks
True. RT : please don't ask me any questions you could answer by google searching it yourself
ok well if u r hungry it is a good sing it means u r feeling better am I right?
My cousin is "all for civil unions…But leave traditional marriage alone President Obama." And it's thoughts like these that make me sad.
So adeline is leaving to guatemala twmaroooo :o :/
"People don't change just by saying "I'm sorry". People change by knowing exactly why they should be sorry"
Sometimes when you give up on someone its not because you dont care anymore, you just realized that they dont
i'm a hockey fan. doesn't matter what team. i'm a rink rat!
ugh do you really need to remind me
Long but fun day at hollywood studios and epcot with .tomorrow we take on magic kingdom!
What book are you reading?
What a win. We are moving on. Great game Tigers!
fantastic, thanks for asking! :)
Fun! RT : Foodie love doled out in 140-char morsels: join us for #FNIchat at 1 pm Pacific to get your fill & meet new food friends.
Congrats to the fucking caps!
My English class makes me want to kill myself. Bunch of 12 year-olds.
First speaker at E-everything lost me in first 5 mins w/ "not monographs" for his "the obvious next step in DDA."
couldn't tell on tv but looked like a rangers player pulled lundqvist out of goal rather than him sitting up. Maybe to make sure?
RT I'm actually more offended that Twilight films exist than the fact that you can download them illegally
mention to say oh alright lol
Watching 17 again
Love your necklaces! I wore it to work today and got so many compliments!
Different dimensions exist everywhere at the same time. How many of you want to become an Earth leader so that you can solve all problems?
and you don't get as many gifts!
Obviously u never taught PE @ Bozeman lmbo!!! They wud play a whole period & the winner might have 6 points, "might"
Got hit in the ankle it's all purple.
I'm following you bro
this #rays bullpen reminds me of the orvella, ruddy lug, harville, stokes and shawn camp days
The human heart, at whatever age, opens to the heart that opens in return. Maria Edgeworth
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Slowly—paused it to accomplish real work. But I got a bunch of people on board. :)
Listing to Disney's Greatest! Its a good thing.
Kick the holiday weekend off right with a visit to tonight! Doors @ 8:00, ,
your songs make me feel beautiful. i luv westmeath ir by the way! family from there!!!
April 2nd can't come soon enough! Can't wait to stock up on Ravens gear and see the Lombardi Trophy and SB Ring display!
how are you :)
Last nights show at Club Angles was great and I met alot of hott artist.
"Losing is not in my vocabulary." -Ruud van Nistelrooy
Welcome to our society. You will be judged by what you wear, your taste in music, and how you act. Enjoy your stay.
Regardless of conceit, all FPS have Call of Duty somewhere in the title.
Yotes take the early lead in Game 2!
Yes, I'm at panel 110, Queen Anne and the Arts.
I think they have a nightclub behind one of the outfield fences. Also on Opening day they had a dancer w/ each player for intros
don't forget to wipe
#Imagine Waking up to Louis singing “What Makes You Beautiful”
my mom is bug hunting for me right now. Ahaha. She's cute.
yes, please register! I have the registration site up...flyer is coming next, then my email to you guys :)
Morning :) going to school in a lil while, still feeling kinda icky
I'm really not in the mood to go to school today :|
Screenshotting is taking a picture, capturing is taking a video.
No Big 3, No Pop, No Neal No Problem once again! Mills 34 points & 12 ast.
Man, i'm ready for this 3 day weekend!!! Klusoz-Coco Lounge... U know the deal!!
#FirstRead: Rage Comics In Real Life
has been in the WOM game for over 40 years.
i need to get tatted. Like Soon. son.! =]
Happy earth day! Book a program on www.campopoly.com and get outside!!!!!
Also, sorry for the radio silence. I didn't want to say anything about the new shows until we were getting stuff in the can.
Ugh I hate dem "who Gon pop me?" bitches ...usually the first ones to get hit
Dr. Todd Mahr speaking about food allergies at the conference. Describing differences between IgE & non IgE mediated reactions.
What's good homie? How's everything been?
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady Not Shady :D
I was almost missed the oscars...since all the other award shows are delayed in LA, I assumed this one would be also...but no...it's on time
can we get in without a badge?
Can't stand this one dumb ass Bitch
Good news, : our next coffee at The Met is FREE! See you Thursday!
2 more Mondays after today
Everyone's bored on a Saturday night
Call from wrk tryn to call me in.. too bad I'm not at home
I just wanna get back in my bed. Get tucked in a bunch of blankets & watch movies for the rest of the night.
Thanks man, we appreciate it!
Early-bird notice on special events, Feel special only at Piano Source!
I want to buy Italian debt.
: I'm signed up for the San Diego half! It's my first race so i'm very excited!!!
He got 24..
Whaa?! I'm crazy excited for you!!!
Any guesses for who will be the final torchbearer at tonight's Opening Ceremonies in Vancouver?
#schoolmemories metting a lot of fake people.
Welcome to Broncos Country! So happy to have your playmaking ability!!!
Pretty excited that all you idiots are talking about Tebow again.
Houston has officially been awarded the 2013 NBA All-Star game.
thanks for following - and thanks for making mention of our white paper on creating the innovation culture!
No place like the Atlantic Crossing on Sounders gameday!! Other than actually at the game...
todays lunch special is a chicken melt with bacon, fried onions and bacon. AYCE tacos $4.50
I just want to see the end of Major Payne
he looking good!!! He just caught a Touchdown Over Reed!!!
Hanging by myself with Bella dog as goes out with her girls. Watching iron man and storage wars! Riveting stuff :(
installing mods are so annoying,I keep gettin a black loading screen,ever happen to you?
How come? : Tomorrow will be awful.
RT ": Support Is Needed World Wide"
#stoptalkingabout Nick Jonas. seriously, please stop.
Well that was easier than I thought :)
you know, they are hiring for a new doodler right now! Too bad I really don't want to move to CA.
so you look like tony the tiger??? Lol perhaps expired dye wasn't the best idea?
*my bad were in Franklin not Cool Springs
I hate when I'm talking to my friends about jazz and they just say, "JAZZ HANDS!" Ugh, no... not at all...
#EastChicago drivers do not give a fuck about stop signs
"Like" International Chamber Artists A group of talented musicians who promote the viability & growth of classical music...
MUFC start of season. Sunderland after O'neill took over and they beat City. Before they started to b wank again
Undecided about turnitin: testimonials say- we use it to teach, main page says: out to get students. Don't like the marketing, maybe.
that tweet is odd because its coming from you.
I'll try.
Next year I wanna go to a Brooklyn Nets home game against the Bulls. I should get intune with my cuzzos in Brooklyn and Newark and do dis.
Haywood need to lose his contract
Spanish Final. Good luck to everyone who has finals.
but wait, I thought we had the highest corporate tax rate in the world?
I am who I am.... now leave me the eff alone
I literally do not know what to say.
was a thousand words good?
Expose our fears, and in emotionally responsive disarray, we will, hellbent on repressing its truth, open forward into a battle of self.
Having a clumsy morning just makes Monday even worse. Hopefully this clumsy stage passes quickly!
with 4 different men & I said to him "what is this, Assclown Inception? is this a dream?" :) of course over his head
I think that meant I love you too
you guys are so sexual
WOW! #GameOfThrones was amazing as usual, can't wait til next season!
"THIS IS TERRA NOVA"!! LoL
THe company is new to Twitter but not me personally;
Social Media Tip: Remember, your #smallbiz profiles are a two-way street...make sure to talk AND listen to your customers!
hey so me you chase & psanders(;
love that movie
stop, you're making me drool even more! thanks for the references, I am definitely visiting Pappalecco soon!
Am being very social in the offline world lately- all friends want to visit NYC just as the semester is winding down
I don't have your number! :( but we're going to another friends house then will decide if downtown
Who is going to pitch for washington nationals on July 8 vs the Colorado Rockies ?
well in my opinion the blackberry in general sucks
One big issue is that if they play .500 ball from here until they get healthy, still have to justify not selling.
RT : My wife has released her new record -diamond- please check it out & pick up a few thousand copies :) thanks
texas roadhouse, good steak and burgerd
Wikipedia is your e-volunteer program, you just aren't affiliated with them yet!
Fun game: www.berzerkstudio.com/games/homerun_in_berzerk_land?friend=UIWWildthing
No problem we out here in tha Colorado helping get Justice for Ohead #TEAM NO SLEEP
Huh. Telling my kids to imagine all the good things vegetables do for their colon does not inspire them to eat more veggies.
hahah sorry? Your CD TODAY I promise
Looking for new forms of inspiration..are there any good documentaries out there?
Says Hancock will be 100 pct from shoulder surgery by start of fall semester
That's true.. I'm still on season 2.
dont say that well i guess we got to get it back popping!
" Don't forget: Frost Bank Plaza at 4pm to parade the bubbleware to TOPS!
Dwade misses to many Dunks!!!!!!
Awkward handshakes.
“: 2nd place is the first loser” lol just doin the best at losing
#Oscars focus group = truth
I love the pain that hurts so dirty, but you know its clean.
:O hahahah “: Harry Styles (From One Direction) was born with 4 nipples.”
i believe you
oh. Fancy.
true...I ain't wanna be cluttering your twitter feed. Save my appearances for something with impact! ;)
does anybody know C#? Please hit me up ASAP...
Betty White turns 90 today!
disregard my last status update..I will be spinning TOMORROW, and only tomorrow this week at BRINK ORLANDO! Hope to see you all out...
*whistles suspiciously*
good morning! Happy Friday.!
: when ya comin down!?
RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!
I dont like the NEW twitter !!!!!
Wow the lakers caught up in like 2 min!
Summer can do that to me. Now I need a tan so that it doesn't look weird when I speak it. That's the hard part...
thanks for RT!
Mary poppin in band :D woo
we will definitely be out somewhere.
Peace and harmony has to return to this world!
Rivka Galchen reading George Saunders story aloud and Saunders blurts out: Tolstoy is weeping!
yeaah sure ill ask mum tonight <3 xo
Back on the tweeting scene after a 3-month absence. #wasn'tnovacation
subscribe to my monthly technology seminar for $299 / mo and i'll show you
"When I see something I want, I just can't help it, I want it so bad it had to be mine"
One of the last shows of 2011 of Guns N' Roses is being held in Las Vegas, NV. So we got some show tickets - Call and check: 888-493-0004
guilty pleasure...really bad scyfy movies. bad acting, bad scripts & bad plots but o so fun to watch
Backyard BBQ, man their last album rocked!
Just saw 'The Avengers' w/ my little son in tow. Great flick- lotsa explosions. He slept right thru it!
RT : God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas, but for scars. -Elbert Hubbard
YES! RT : When I visited CFME, Zach was talking about an Aussie friend who brought him Tim-Tams- was that you?!!
did you repost it elsewhere? I'd be intrigued to read it.
Thank you for helping out with our press release for the
Political science, religious studies and social services can be learned at any age at a cheaper price vide distance learning.
Wishing of the #smsix team good luck with his meetings today. He's out strategy ninja maven bespoke rockstar expert guru
Big Harrisburg health players PinnacleHealth, Heritage Medical Group will join
g00d morning brotha!! now the spurs must fall
I'm late to this, but Joni Mitchell's 1971 lyric "When I think of your kisses / My mind see-saws" is very romantic
This Clarissa girl is a goddess.
You've expreienced that with wrestlers, right? Very weird.
your schlong photos got leaked. still wins.
I look back on it & laugh now haha.
That... Was fun. I think it's time to start chronicling my escapades in an Anonymous blog....
": IM THE REALEST NIGGA ON HERE ASK SEAN PRICE THEN ASK UR MOMS SHE'S KNOW ME WELL" yo..my ma is dead ...#necrophelia HAHAHA
have I ever let you down before?
I CAN'T TELL YOU BUT RUN.
I really want a cigarette but I can't get up from this new Adventure Time episode.
Want more butterflies in your garden? Sick of stink bugs? Hungry for steak salad? Doug Oster, Handy Andy, and Bill Fuller are here to help!
- and what exactly is parading the hate? Explain.
try "its worth 7% of your final exam grade" or "I didn't work hard for an A all semester to screw it up now". :)
when he has brown hair
Boy you've got it bad, but I've got something good.
no doubt Butta L! Another great night!
It is always going to be okay!
I am wondering wat ps3 game to rent
Love it when you take a non-drowsy cold medicine and next thing you know it's 8 hours later! Didn't make it to work last night!
Been reading a lot about pink slime lately. It is horrifying what the FDA allows to be done to our food.
thank you for the ff!
; Thank you to all of you for a lovely evening and thanks for watching for my foot!Next time 2 shoes
Too many people go through life waiting for things to happen instead of making them happen!
Choosing a Wordpress template for my upcoming blog is surprisingly exhausting...but I think I finally found one!
I'm thinking Driving range tomorrow night after I look for a new #job in #Boston. Who has the heated bays and who has #Boston #Deals ?
what happened to your car ?
COM-199, easily the biggest joke of class I'll ever have to take.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Well you know Gloria she's impetuous. Has to have what she wants, when she wants it. We had to give her a sweet 16 on her 13th birthday.
Getting through the afternoon with 's #hard2love : )
why did i wait this long to look for a prom dress
JazzWord: "One thing I like about jazz, kid, is that I don't know what's going to happen next. Do you?"~Bix Beiderbecke. NufSed.
Stay fresh to death just to impress the rest
Nope. Washington, DC. Been here almost 8 yrs.
ive wanted to follow me for the longest time....she probably wont even see this tweet
I stalk you around school
My laptop charger decided to completely die in the middle of me finishing page 9 of a 10 page paper I had to write. Fanfreakintastic!
thank you so much!
Psalm 23:6 Surely goodness & mercy shall follow me All the days of my life; And I will dwell in the house of the Lord Forever. Good morning!
yea buddy!
Thanks for the #FF ... Happy Friday!
very true.
Do you have anything about gifted and common core?
ya I know
haha it took me like an hour until I understood the da da ba ba BA part! Haha just a little blond moment:)
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe it was no longer cool to wear jerseys, or band tees and skinny jeans.
Joan Jett returned!
lol seriously! Has Thiago told you about the drunken scavenger hunts we're gunna have? Theyre gunna be a blast with all this comp
"Never tell these women shit until you're sure you love them."
Some bodies little dog ran in front of my car! I feel so bad........
Can't say it made me smarter, but I do play a mean game of Trivial Pursuit. Hahaha!
in Cape May, w/my sister-in-law's Pittsburgh fam. They baked 3k cookies. At my brother's wedding the table was 2x that.
it's a werewolf, but I pressed the wrong one. So the correct answer is, "grandma"
IQ can't predict success but your AQ (adversity quotient) can
awww Austin I LOVE YOU..!<3 you make my day better. Each time...follow me?
Shouts out to Cocaine Gotti Wife
it totally is! Thanks! Happy Sat night!!!! :)
oh hey you. I'm glad you were not swallowed by la vegas
have to be very careful not to mix up your corporate, real estate, and mob lawyers. It can be very tricky
yo los compré. Toma un par de semanas acostumbrarse, but they are worth every penny once you do.
Well said RT : It's a good day to remember what we stand for.
About to drink scotch & listen to the decline with my brother
: RT That's right. You finally received the recognition you deserve! Efforts are always rewarded.
I had the perfect surprise for my baby today (:
i'm fine thanks, and you?
That's what sisters are for! Always got you bae! ILY
I hate AP European history! The summer homework for this class never ends!
Theory we suggest is that given a negative press, the higher your centrality the greater you are a lightening rod for negative sentiment.
playoff pacers baby !!!!!
I can't believe it either. What a beautiful young lady you've grown up to be!! I will definitely MISS OLTL!!
-- check the hashtag on my last Tweet. Hee.
Wow, Sonic's really busy. Wonder why? ;)
cream'wiches? are you still ?
While faith w/o works is dead, be certain that ur actions are not driven by fear/anxiety/worry.
I wish i could celebrate #420 .....
Happy Thursday Shiloh! RT : Having a bev & enjoying $1 Burger night
S/O to my homie for always being there for me && listening when I need him! :)
Save technical talk for the office, not for a TV interview, because the average viewer won’t have a clue as to what you are talking about.
:D and also, love your avatar! #goBrewers!
: I worked directly with my publisher, no agent.
When my time comes I will miss big bro the most. He has inspired me to be the best. I love him so much.
My prices depend on the forms you use. Same as H and R Block or Jackson Hewitt but alot less expensive.
Because you made us what we are today. Thanks. Happy mothers day to all of the mothers out there from the JEZ team.
I would freaking LOVE a pizza puff.
I'm going to put on YHF and cry myself to sleep
Love is the delusion that one man or woman differs from another.
Ha ha thanks RT : when you have ESPN tweeting you, it's bound to happen ;)
how is everyone?
#AskSiva You love me? Oh wait I know you do (: you love ur fans so much
Someone on this bus smells straight up like weed!
I'm plenty realistic about Weeks' struggles, but wishing injury or being happy about it is asinine.
Hey everyone, we are happy to announce that will now be at on Saturdays!! Contact us for RSVP & Tables :)
I wanna cuddle, time togo find kitty.
you guys needa come to Phoenix, AZ
To each of us...there come opportunities to rearrange our formulas and assumptions - to revisit our dreams. -Leo Buscaglia
Hahhaha no I'm good now!(: I have bigger problems at the moment!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> lmao
hey guys check out my in profile icon
#replace1Dsongswithfreedom Stole My Freedom
Questions from the audience - how do you know which idea to follow?
Obsessions or the Compound is where I'll be Saturday night !
How many of you would love to be able to buy all of the desserts (cookies, cakes, candy, ice cream, pies, juices, etc) in a Walmart store?
We will be screening ZR this coming Saturday June 4th @ The Saturday Nightmare Expo in New Jersey. check out at www.saturdaynightmares.com
Did you wish happy birthday to Selena? Anyways, maybe I should ask this in chat. :D
Thanks so much for inviting us!We had a great time until the genrtr messed w us.We will b ready for the next 1 w spare parts
I just soaked my feet in warm water & epsom salt... had an exhausting day.
cool...I was just giving you a hard time
I'll be there!
My nights are so much better with you in them.
good morning twitter family
oh never saw that before but love it!
Why does my library ebook have to expire the very day of my doctor's appt?? I'm not used to hauling paper books around anymore.
#SundayFunday RT : . is headed to to complete his back-to-back Sunday hits - live at 10:30am
Thanks for RT, Jake.
why are we doing secondary inspection in primary lanes. Not a smart border.
hello paul :)
I love owls can I do it? ;P Looool
yay! Now you need a pic!
All I got to say is lil Wayne shut Dallas Tx down last night I luv u Wayne
I love you Chicago Bulls.....but I kinda want to go home for mothers day this weekend.....ok? That said, GO BULLS!!!
Please just confirm that's the venue, date and time prior to purchasing. Thanks again for your time and patience :)
RT "usac.ucla.edu got hacked? leading to russian site?"
He demands I speak in my Irish accent when yelling. The outcome is us laying on the floor laughing. He's a good man :-)
I'm assuming Poytress was at WV today because they needed an arm?
The last spring break of my life
Big Block, good night St Bonnie's
nope on both fronts. :(
Thanks for the recommendation! I will be following them now!
that nigga sleep
I don't know if your number is still the same, but I texted you.. just text me.. 503 935 9200
The Muppets movie was pretty awesome. It did get a bit too real at times but still great.
Al Sharpton is right and Tavis Smally has always been a tool of the right.
me neither kid
on my way to airport LA here i come LOL
Looks like fun
Hey - The fact that your web site only works with Internet Expl. is so 1997. Can you be a little more friendly to us Mac users? Thanks
good game man
I thought you were buying a house missy btw I'm makin a apt in two weeks hahaa.
Happy Holidays, all! ICDS is closing today & will open on Jan 5. If you need anything, please use our emergency contact info. Best wishes!
Really happy to see say "a puppy from the pound will love you just as much as a designer breed." AMEN!!!
very sad. My prayers are w/ friends & family. I lost a close friend to car wreck when I was 16.
Nw at tanger outlet uh ready to go home
Thanks for the follow , sorry about that first tweet.
HOT!!! RT“: Time magazine spoof cover. You breastfeeding Gold. #tweetsfromlastweek”
Gotta admit, that's pretty funny.
I wish she were kidding about this. >> RT : I tried to get a birthday squirrel for you, but he escaped.
sites 25M/SF of planned office projects, which will not come to fruition until a tenant is secured, keeping occupancy low
What's the biggest risk you've ever taken in your career?
Thoughts and prayers going out to #japan this morning.
Can we just give L.A. a team already so we can quit hearing about it as ammunition?
So happy to be with my Vicente right now :)
Reaching for that podium-with-picture-of-myself-right-behind-me-wearing-a-fez steezo the Son of Man is pumping on Detroit free TV
Q: What do the Gators and I have in common? A: follows both.
AMAZING RACE: I don't like to say the word, but I hate those Border Patrol Agents.
Foreclosures? POTUS George Bush stated "some of ya'll brought homes you could not afford". What did they think would happen? Hit the road!
Say hello to your motha for me okay?
Cancun, why are you so packed? I'm starving.
Hi ms. sexy
S/O to ! He's the only other person that KNOWS basketball & shows RESPECT to the pacers
Got to check out the newest people to don the pink wigs for Heather's team...plus inhalable chocolate?? Join us this morning on 10TV at 5!!
Too many lies, not enough truths.
You guys, thanks for reminding me about #AdamOnGMA tomorrow. What time is GMA on in San Francisco? 7-9 here too, right?
Dear Lord, Thank-You!
I saw a place in Buffalo years ago where the toilet was in the main living area with a 4' wall around it.
Go Green!! We have Eco-Friendly CD and DVD Cases. Call today for info or to order. 800-240-1850 Keep our planet GREEN.
I just wish this night would end.
Yes! We can have a yearly ScotchGuard spraying ceremony.
Bridesmaids is a total RomCom. I'm a little disappointed.
Ah nostalgia isn't what it used to be...
I was hoping that America would be further along in 2012.
What is your favorite post-workout stretch?
wanted to go but I didnt get off until 4
Going to try to drive home with one contact in!
The programs that have limits on them are some of the craft programs; those are preregistered, usually about 50.
same here girl..! Just wishing it will snow so we don't have to go to school tomorrow..!
Haven't had much to say. No new videos lately. RT : You know who never tweets anymore? you should get on that.
plz help my girl jadenbaby11 out she got 2 followers dat me n her our friend so plz follow her
Can you provide a screenshot? Do you mean the keyboard toolbar isn't being closed when the keyboard closes?
Im tired! Im working on a project ... I want to go to bed!
Come to the Blazers please Deron.
Its too early to be awake -__-
Thanks, Your display in reference looks great!
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
I am here and you are there - one of us is in the wrong place
“: Deion Sanders, once a defensive legend, is now the #DirectTV fairy. God I hope they paid well.” thought he was a mosquito...
I have bewitched in my head oh my GOSH
Catvertising: funny 'cause it's true.
if you say you hate ..... You better run for your life...<U+E410>! I LOVE YOU BELLA!!!
tell Simone good luck and have fun!
Never crashes - your so cute. Making browsers crash is my super power.
At day 2 of 's #GMC workshop. Good stuff!
yup totally have a crush on my track coach....c'mon! he's only 6 years older! lol im hopeless
My iPhone likes messing with me. But I still love it.
Early church gets you to the candy faster. Happy Easter, Smartt family!
So F'N amped to see at the tomorrow night!
The undo button is a lifesaver sometimes
goddamn Trader Joe's. I found an ant in my salad.
Nice! See you at the #Fosterly event!
transport museum Nice Motorbike photos ;P
#fridayreads Calvino's Cosmicomics, Mann' Death in Venice, and lots of journal articles about Indonesian libraries
Birmingham uk, was up until 1am! Got bags under my eyes at work today!
Tonight is Salsa Thursday at Club Irie! Dance Lesson Starts at 8pm!
MY HAIR SALON KEEPS MOVING! >.< She's moved like 30 times, I'm so legit right now.
You who know me, Moose, personally, know that I enjoy good food. This jalapeno bread is the yummiest thing I have eaten in a long time.
pretty pretty please with a cherry on top
Heading to The Alley in Oakland for some brews and croons.
Todays the day!We cant wait to see everyone out @ The Haven tonight!!! Were on last after Traverser, Faethm and The Dropa Stone.
Xbox 360 for 80 somebody cop !
Good morning friends and fans!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO RT : I need to learn how to backflip
they need to get Rudy going off screens
Life goes on... Or it doesn't! Big Rennna
today is deff going to be rough :( yuck
OMG, just got a text at half time that said ' I'm winning the 6 nations ! 'how did he get my number not kidding! if u want proof just tweet!
RT : Illinois Hospitals Generate $78.7 Billion Annual Impact on State's Economy - MarketWatch (press release)...
The video starts with a woman waking up to her alarm.
and Printers Row Lit Fest is June 9-10. Save the date.
weird is underrated.
“: Hey fav loser, I was shopping in ur store the other and u weren't even there.” really? What day?
aww! We were saying the same about you!
That awkward moment when you go to a hooka bar with your boyfriend and his mom? O.o lmao #havefun with that roomie! :) lol
HA! I do al the time. Not enough people find the humor in that, I think it's hilarious.
I'm gonna have to go to Philly n hang out w some of u
having fun spammin it up. -lauren
RT Date? Ha! Never left the house. ;)>>>I know, and you never called. :(. :). Be well.
Dont ever question if mikes harder will do the job
“: Shout out to and Dope ass beats. Yall gunna make it, I know it.” Can't wait to put in some work!
Just heard a #Subway commercial, and thought of ;) #itsaMahomieThing <3
Can having too many applications really slow down your phone?
You aint a pirate, unless you drink like one!!!
I treat the Twitter 'favorite' button like the 'like' button on facebook.
Cool Dan...Tell Kenny I said hi...Had him out last week!
It was a great event, really interesting topics and as always, lots of fun, creative people!
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
and some way to far to look at! :-\
I have to paraphrase these words from Janell Monae "it's always been about the music. everything else is everything else"
This is a big week for Columbus to Celebrate. Join us for this weekend and ColsHistory party on the 14th
teachers never do lol
WRONG IS WRONG
wow, cool! Thanks so much! Great site btw! Haven't seen that before, will be checking it out!
so you're there tonight. We're going tomorrow. excited.
Tomorrow we will announce the details of the Hitting The Nuts DVD release party!
Hearing the Police (the band not the cops) will always remind me of college. Those were good times.
It's some stiff competition on AI with the guys.... wonder what's to come from the ladies tomorrow night!!
CANADA: Go buy KARL WOLF "DJ Gonna Save Us" on iTUNES now! I co-wrote it with & #DJgonnaSAVEus RT RT
exactly why I tweeted that ha
Ok, we've got some serious giveaways for people who come to our booth at #CMAconference. We're in the room on the side, in the corner!
WOW. That was so lucky! Luck is definitely on their side. Lets go #Oklahoma time to put this away. Don't give up.
...lol but it helps
“: Is it time for to go on yet? This opening act is going too long haha” hahahaha. Hit me like a ton of bricks
Thx for the retweet and favorites!
thanks! MOG's discovery features do make it a great service.
True, but Howard is not that good. I think this is the 3rd year in a row I've made that statement on here.
RT : We don't give kids enough practice handling criticism. We set them up to make "As" The real world doesn't work this way.
Yay ok fingers crossed! Have you got my cell? give me a txt! :)
I gotta feeling this gonna be a long MLB season for me being a royals and Rockies fan..
Tornado warning will keep us from Hunger Games. Does Fandango or AMC have a refund policy?
gonna watch shutter island by myself, whaaddap~
#1ThingIHate being told to hurry up when I'm in the shower.
Going to see The Avengers tomorrow - tickets purchased - now to fight the crowds for a seat. Maybe the theater will be empty
Heavens, who turned all the bright lights on?!!!
Thank goodness for kegs with legs on Thursday! only Tuesday morning and I need a drink! A drink with cool ppl? Even better.
Lester Holt of the Today Show just called The Hunger Games a teenage love story...
OMG won't buy me a kitty either!!! :(
I love you!
My phone is going to die can I talk to you later?
I thought the collector did follow procedure, but the language wasn't detailed enough about the storage/sending of samples?
Got a package in the mail today from Sweden. I'm tempted to open it, but I should wait until I can record it for "Mailbag Thursday" :/
I wanna kick both they ass for laughin at my moma u think this a joke
Got work in the morning DAMN!!!!!!!!!!
what's yours?
I don't know if I'll make it, but watch how good I'll fake it.
If I Had A Gun id get another for & we'd go taking out all the crazy over obsessive fan girls....
Its so hot in here...i cant sleep!
Watching Rob Dyrdek's fantasy factory:)
Edits can be tough!
stop it, you're too nice <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>. “: Why can't I get over my obsession with ? She's just way too too beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>.”
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) _ Rev. Billy #Graham, 93, is backing a proposed amendment to the NC constitution to ban gay marriage.
I felt sick my first couple sips, but it got better. It definitely woke me up. I don't have a taste for any more though! Ha!
Truly an awesome experience, and SO eye-opening!
Anyone know why eastern and pebble is shut down with all sorts of police activity?
funniest kid I know
FYI – Our online Job Listing pages are getting a face lift over the next few days – thanks for your patience!
Mad 'cause book 2 isn't out till 2013
she's dating niall and she kissed someone else , wtf on earth was that ?
John Legend ^.^
They're provocative, they get the people goin! RT Kim K and Kanye belong together. A great Hollywood power couple.
so I walk in today and niggas had article 15s ready. Thinking I went AWOL. Sad part is...I was cool with the fag.
Im extra stoked!! My bro is going too woop woop!!
Finally arrived in Fargo. The air is crystal clear.
Happy Christmas Week!
things to do in seattle
tonight's agenda: •stuff my face with pizza for 30 minutes. • vigorously work-out for 5 minutes.
Fuck. I'm about to cry all my makeup off from this show.
Tomlin can't go for Cleveland. Called up A guy. Advantage Red Sox?
and a dollar short! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I need to leave this place already and go home to be with my baby :(
Right Back at ya, stay well!
- this is the time my mom was up making us breakfast and our lunches
you're right I'm obsessed with #scandal ... Now for #Revenge tonight!
drifting is not fun at all knowing there's nothing to can do to make it not awkward or stop the short replies.
LSU Football 2012: Is It Championship or Bust for the Tigers?
Hi, noticed you tagged Equal Justice Works in tweet re Bryan Stevenson. FYI his org is not part of EJW. Thx!
I just found a whole new angle to possibly approach my #seniorthesis and it is
hell to the no!! #lifehappens #human :-)
#pauseoftheweek "man you be doing it wide, busting it strong! #thatswhatshesaid no lie
New York's classiest Zouk/Kizomba event returns, Saturday April 14th "The Retro RendezZouk" @ Amber Lounge(381 3rd Ave, New York.
For a bonus alkaline benefit, try cooking with alkaline water instead of regular tap water.
If you view an entire thing it looks that it is always gorgeous.
Niesen takes the first set over Davenport, 6-4. His teammate, Markel, holds a 3-2 third set lead over Rudnitsky and is serving.
see you tomorrow/Friday?
Thanks 4 the FF! Right back atcha! Hope u and Brandon are well!
"The imagination exercises a powerful influence over every act of sense, thought, reason, - over every idea."
i swear it's hotter in Pgh than it was in texas!! I want to go back! haha
If McNabb does well during the broadcast than he will retire from the NFL league
been there done that... Emeril's is a great option!
Unlimited leads and dialer in one easy package. Call us for details! 866.460.6611
I'm addicted to you...
Those are probably Melissa's, the other owner. :3 I write fanfics about nerdy things. Like Doctor Who and Charlie McDonnell.xD
Glad we could add some fun to your travels! Don't miss the "Recombobulation Areas" just after TSA. :) Happy travels!
Cool cant wait to check it out:)!!!
What a perfect day in the City!! The weather is perfect!!!! :)
you can have mine. I'm not using it
fat pussy and skinny bitches
Promo Codes for Slice HD will appear here this weekend. Of the 7 of you that follow us, one of you is bound to have an iPad :)
One Parent Company with 2 entities are here with physical locations coming soon in the Atlanta area.
Let me live my life. If I want people to know where I'm at, I'll put it out there myself.
hahaha not really but if you say so, ok :p
Thursdays are #LadiesNights at Grazie! All the ladies drink for free from 9-11PM -- Come see us!
Thanks for the RT! :)
Super Tuesday < Fat Tuesday
Smashburger's blowing up as a chain, that might be an interesting curveball. Good thought. And Hardee's - yes.
We'll put the pictures into a video, and ask people to forgo lunch and send money to Achieve in Africa.
truly is THE best deal of the city, that's for sure.
Journatic to provide TribLocal suburban content
Broke bitches make me sick
Jeez, i love you more then i love myself.. thats a fucking lot.
I can't believe that someone is still trying to sell the BlueMeteor domain for 15K.
Absolutely!!!!!!!!!!!!! How is my honey tonight? Haven't seen you in days, you hiding?
haha I'm sorry mr.bad ass who is too cool for school! lmfao
A huge creature just flew inside my house...
YEs, it's called a banana... Ha ha!
for sure!
White or black, all fat chicks wobble walk.
Thanks for the shout out! “: See you all soon! #GYGO”
Smh RT : The spurs are kinda boring to watch. They need armbands and tattoos an shit
Thanks for the work that you do, it's worth sharing.
Lol, 4sho. Have you read any new books lately?
We are tapping the Summit Oatmeal Stout at 8PM!
My birthday is coming up on the 19th and the night before I'll be having a party at 1707 L street NW at The Meeting place. Come out & enjoy
Thx for the mention! RT : Galactic Pizza in Mpls: Menu that requires 3d glasses, catering staff in superhero outfits, these guys rock
I am a great American and you're not. Yeah, that's right, LIBERAL, I'm talking to you. I'm a hero in waiting. You're a sex addict.
Sorry for the delay on this busy day. Answer is yes! Always. Send it to me!
I hope you Return 2 tha Ravens
Easter SF-style: Hunky Jesus contest at Dolores Park, then sci-fi film fest.
Hope Tim O'Rourke enjoys the tour
Worn out! Long shift ahead, so good music and movies...I'll get through the morning and night.
What did one handbook say to the other? Nothing, inanimate objects don't talk.
and we get our lawns watered. Happy Monday.
Sorry--my website didn't publish the changes from when I updated the price. It's accurate now. Thanks for the heads up!
Dance room=TO HOT!!!!
btw, any idea if plans to do a special 81th birthday imitation?
Guys, just let me drive the Challenger. I think that means he loves me.
part of the reason I bowed out gracefully. Me and tornadoes don't mix.
I just earned the Maverick badge on #Yelp!
yea, it seems so funny how we say when we were little and were not even that old. Guess ill have to watch after work
Life has been too good to me these past few days.
We do like to be a gem.... hopefully we will have some good weather this week so you can come out and see us!
Adventures of #TeamHM RT I just got fired and a christmas bonus all in like 3 mns
Okay nay-sayers...Who was wrong about the Magic who WON last night!
Welcome lady!
Re-reading Oppen :: There are things / We live among 'and to see them / Is to know ourselves'
Chapter 2012 Page 67 of 366 My expanding territory is testing my scalability.
My cell phone keeps messing up ...I think I might get a new one next week!
Woohoo!!!! :D We have a lot of musical taste in common!!!
This weekend only: Free Waiter or Waitress Training....
“: Why is channing tatum the hottest man alive! #manofmydreams #wanthimsobad” Amen!
Got blocked from Facebook for two days for having a video with the song "Baby" by Justin Bieber going on in the back
ill kill you!
Sitting up against United Center....soaking up the sun. Don't wanna go inside........(that darn rent.)
is Brandon Roy planning a comeback? Hear from the former Blazer , tonight!
me neither... just got spacers there killing my mouth ... feel better
This a good game. This celts vs sixers about to be a series. And a triple double for the boy Rondo!
On our way up to Jugs Hitching Post !!! Show starts at 9:30 !!!
Had so much fun working with foster children today. Their gingerbread houses turned out great!
Just watched the hunger games trailer. March 23rd can't come soon enough.
Damn the bartender at the dirty dog bar just gave us jello shots made with everclear. "I GOT A FEELING" "THAT TONIGHTS GONNA BE A GOOD NITE"
: That is a scary combination to take on our nation's capital… I'm worried for the coffee shops and the python...
- well we can spill some beer for our homie ( ) tomorrow night
Thanks to & for amazing dinner+cocktails (and some of the best service of my life, no joke). Will def be back!
Fate leads the willing but drives the stubborn
They should of made hologram 2pac 20ft tall... Fuck it, bring on hologram Mighty Joe Young
#writingsurvey: how early do you wake up to start your creative process? Please RT!
I am no where near Korea, but I love you in America.
u should name your dog snowflake or angel follow me please
lol that's actually true lol
Returning to romantic accessories-silks, velvets, brocades, organic shapes in luscious, seductive colors-all of life should be so delectable
Sweet, another tweet!))
Black Cocoa Creme Joe? Box of Black Cocoa & Chocolate Lunarmax donuts? $10 DD card? All up for grabs, tweet us 4 chance to win!
The Oakland Raiders will select Josh Robinson with their first pick on the count of he's fast.
I just remembered . My life is amazing! I almost forgot for a moment. I am proud of the life I created.
Make sure u come out this Sunday to Club Halo. The sexiest party in Sunday night just got hotter 18 to dip 21 to sip get @ me to get n Free
Been drinking alot of water today getting sick of it.
Pull your feet from the mud and GO
yes, and so good to be with an audience as they watch...having all the little hopes from back on the day...
Looks great !! I just bookmarked your site tks : )
exactly what i was thinking!! April Fools on a Monday next year kind of makes up for it :)
Do you like wasabi peas? I love them!
you're a super cool dude. Love ya
Breakfast at Papagayo.
consider it an entrepreneurial opportunity.
With your help we raised over $136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House last week! Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Update out for iPhones, iPads and iTouch 5.1.1 - just bug fixes. Go to settings > general> software update.
- that's crazy. Sorry I missed you. I'll be back tomorrow. We're hitting up the Cubs game tonight! Whoop whoop!
Playoff hockey is a rollercoaster of emotions. 3 goals in 65 seconds.
what class u in?
what a # Valentines! #Knicks win! #Rangers win! my lovely wife and I had the melting pot fondue delivered to our house!
Last night's "The Good Wife" featured a former Friend, Matthew Perry. But he wasn't very Friendly.
Sounds good. Thanks as well. Continued success!!!
is a goddess. This is all. (This is not news.)
back on the streets tomorrow !! Red Velvet is on the menu
HI TOM I TOLD YOUR BREAKUP BOMB FERRY STORY ON DONGTINI
Who really killed Micheal Jackson? God sits high and looks low...
I was to gone.
miss you too!
Reading How to Market to People Not Like You. Probably a must-read for accent instructors.
missed you at church again tonight, its been a while since you have showed up
Cohen traces the era of oil (and its hidden and visible violence) as the backdrop for era of cinema and era of photography
Campbell 's, GE, HP, Nike Rank Among Top for Green-Minded Firms
u a clever mtf man
How is it already that time of year again? What to give up?? Ideas?
it's awesome for no reason other than the fact it just is
Dressing up as a black rose Irish pub bouncer tonight since, well, I'm a bouncer from 9-close at the black rise Irish pub.
Gorgeous day at Dupont Circle farmers market.
I will bring you 3 in exchange for the safe return of the Big Boy that took. Deal?
Wait, some of you still watch First Take? Oh.
Much better. RT : Got to work super early just so I can restart my comp. It takes at least 15 minutes :/
so i have the option to take a week vacation in late sept or early oct, and i'm eyeing japan... thoughts?
NYC in all it's glory tonight. This might be the last chilly weekend of the winter.
$EFOI Is holding 74 relevant lighting patents.
Ask the NFBC boyz if they will give you their data
Your car shakes the whole parking lot ha
Besides, I need to crack into BSG. You guys have all of them, right? By "crack into" I really mean "break into" your house.
LL Radio Free IBA will include "a ton" of raspberry purée. Tom Porter isn't sure how much will come through as the sugars will be fermented.
"Differences can be advantageous" says Rosalia Thomas at #tagdiversity networking event
So sick!
true. Benefit then is a sportwide common good (additional funded prog), cost disproportionally borne in pairwise by HE elite?
so I chilled at home all day
i been 1
Ouch. My husband's had that surgery. Hope his recovery is speedy.
even in skinny jeans, is no joke when it comes to sawing down a Christmas tree
RT : Tip #58: One way to make your company stand out is to address what your customers don't like about your industry.
Daily Special, Tue 03/13/12 - Betty's homemade meatloaf served with mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
Have found no training going on in any depts or admin units.
Watched the sun rise over the Jacksonville skyline and shared bear hugs with some of the world's sweetest kids.
The fact that you're mine.
If you really want to depress someone just give them natural light and a mirror.
40th anniversary of #Sheraton San Diego Hotel & Marina “Our Anniversary Your Reason to Celebrate” 1st night $104 / 2nd night $72
I hear them!
going on a Guadalupe Lumber power play. (0/2 tonight)
S/O to all the mothers who act as the FATHER TOO.. I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DEAD BEAT DADS!!!
So far, so awesome!
is steeling tweets again
American Reunion movie time with at ! oh baby
that smell from the back of your ear when take your earrings off
He's my dad why would I answer that ? lol
I'm available for trainings for NDEAM and DMD next month and beyond. Please contact me. I'll travel nationally & globally. Based in Dallas.
yes fool was hoping to run into you!!
Oh it's on purpose, baby. Do I make you horny? ;)
Square peg, round hole.
Excalibur "25% Non-Refundable Offer!": Excalibur "25% Non-Refundable Offer!" *Book this special offer today and s...
You know, Ivy's descent into drug addiction is almost as rapid as Jesse Spano's.
Derby Festival to unveil 2010 Pegasus Pins tomorrow at 10 a.m. Follow & find out where to get your pin first!
I wonder which political strategist told Tim Pawlenty the Ames Straw Poll was relevant.
Ready to earn that degree? Start Monday at #NewEngland's most #affordable private #college! (Us DoE, 2011) Call today 1-617-603-6942!
"Get An Eduction And Get Paid More For Your Time" - Subject line of UPhoenix spam. Seems like eductile disfunction to me.
my phone has been tripping soo much since i left
havent tweeted in a long time! no phone or car.. dont know what to do with myself.
I will check to see if MLA will let me post the slides.
I been hearing a lot about Krit..maybe I need to wake up, haha!
Ever since moved in with me its been a blessing to wake up and go to sleep everyday next to her love you boo ;)
#iconf11 poster session is blowin mind!
#ImNotLooking forward to this exam in the morning
Had to restore my iPod after the Pandora app crashed it, yet again. Just lost 3,000+ songs.
The visitcalifornia.com commercial just made me REALLY want to move there *hint ;).
#OSM is important but imperfect #wherecamptb2012 needs to overcome obstacles to make much more utilitarian in nature
#nataspsw social media Joan, Brent, Melodie. Great content. Tx.
Wolfe Video has come on board Diversity Platinum! Become a Diversity Platinum member and get a $5.00 gift card from Wolfe Video!
About to tattoo an " octopus... Excitement !! Cool tattoos make my nipples hard...
I'm laughing so hard right now idk why <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT : Of course, while Clooney's being arrested outside the Embassy, Brad Pitt & Matt Damon are inside cleaning out the safe.
I'm sorry but I can t find an available copy if more to life
Hope all of you are well!
Belief in yourself is the cornerstone to success in life and business. Keep smiling.
I think this guy might be a bit, um, touched.
wait, who are you rooting for?
John said there is great chemistry with Shemon...that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard
alright good!
giving The Diviners a shoutout here @ #lbyrpreview 9/18 is the books birthday
biggin bakk bein boo blowin ready for this sit down just hate processing
Therefore, I will have to decapitate her and ship her head back to her home Country which isn't fucking America.
Its lookin ji tuff right now for the heat
HA! It they only knew what we's bout to do.... Minds will be blown
Don't forget, from will be answering your questions tonight at 8pm!
Nah lately I've been sharing you, it's otay though..
rocks! Thanks for letting me barge in and work there. For devs in South Austin, don't work alone, sign up.
looking forward to it! We'd love to have you!
I always end up friends with my brothers girlfriends, I get to tell all the funny stories
oh no I'm missing it?
happy bday my dude. Its been forever
LOOKIN 4 BOOTIES attached to BIGG BREASTED cuties acting loose and want to be touched we passing out shots everybody JUICED UP!!!
It's time (Fri, 3pm) to have a private pep talk and pump out 2 solid hrs of work. At 5, I close up shop and celebrate weekend.
Welcome to the building! I can't miss you on a Saturday morning apparently!
#youcantdateme if your shorter than me. Just not cool lmfao
Getting ready to present on using Twitter for Business on a #CSAA webinar later this month. Link and date to follow soon!
I'm scheduled 9-5, but that's not supposed to start until next week. They just decided to come in this morning instead of night.
GPL is a given :-)
the show was awesome. Congrats! On to bigger and Better things for all.
When I see her (Hailey)face there's not a thing I would change.
It's hard because many gays don't believe it is an abom. Just like MOST Christians don't believe shellfish is an abom.
I feel so bad when I have so many friends at a show .. I wish I could meet new people !
oh my, hot boy at subway. :D
Dear GOP. U do not, in any sense, practice tolerance,follow the founding fathers, or believe in small gvt. U think u do only bc u'r stupid.
Trying to save wasted characters, I'm shortening #theaverygauntlet to #averygauntlet. Hoping congress following my pork-cutting efforts
my school is eighty five percent white .. i'ma find my husband !
How do I have a B in Toffoli?
Beez in the trap may be the worst song ever.
Tux N Tennies was fun tonight! Our shoe segment is going to be awesome!
Me neither! Never watched it. Good riddance!
It seems weird to me that that is acceptable.
I hate driving my mom's mini van -_-
Every saint has a past, Every Sinner has a future ...
your booty got me lost like nemo.
Happy birthday Alex!! I hope you have a wonderful day!!:)
Thanks, dude! I guess we done good.
behind berry
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! AND AMAZING AT SINGING!
We're hosting a Lunch&Learn in Minnetonka and wanted to see if you'd like to join. Are you enjoying #TIES11?
omg i could not stop laughing at your other tweet!
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
Ugly game! Ugh
lol no what were saying?! >:(
no I'm not! . I texted you yesterday & called. Never got a reply. Cool!
Goodnight Beautiful people (:
you are on your way to being a superstar...you have everything you need
laid out for the first time this year&im sure I heard one of my neighbors blow a grenade whistle.
Hehe so do i ! But im not saying who it is !
are you actually a big Magic fan or do you just consider it a job?
At #AlamoDrafthouse with D to see #HungerGames in 30 minutes! D is trying her first egg cream.
i hate girls who dont know whats up...
I wish I could sleep like everyone else :/
I'll make sure to connect with her (or them).
Previous tweet thanks to insights from an effort by the LDS to create a global name database. Of course!
and I remember you telling me this!! I'm still surprised by it!! Maybe he is waiting for the very very loyal ones ;)
Tell everyone to help support us so we can come to Brazil! Ask your show promoters :)
I still cannot get used to seeing him in a brewers cap “: Writing "Braun" then "Ramirez" in the scoreboard feels odd...”
lmao wait can u call me tonight or nah ?
"A" 1st letter n tha Alphabet, Adora Baby!! # Adored!!
taken from real twitter profile--perfectly sums up half of twitter: "..Keeping it real. I'm a princess. #MVP"
": Third game this year. Do u get VIP seats? My son and I are going to Clippers/Pacers game Tuesday night.
#inthesummer I like to record everything.
Heat Index in Washington DC is 108-113. But I Ain't complaining!
It's a nice feeling to let go of someone that was just holding you back.
what major did you apply for?
Taiwan Stocks: AU Optronics, Hon Hai Precision, Quanta Computer - Bloomberg
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Kyle Rode °Rising 7th °Lexington, KY °Travel Team: K.Y.W.A. Magic °Point Guard 5’10
What a beatiful day in the sunshine state...nice and hot......hpe u'll r havin a BLESSED day... stay focused & encouraged..
I followed
#Love conquers all things. Never #judge a person because of their #sin. The love of #Christ saved us from our sin. Share God's love
Heading into a new week with great possibilities.
Pizza and X box with my bro.
Thanks to all the new like-ers on Facebook for helping us [finally] surpass the 300 mark. Next up, 400+. Before that, artwork.
Woke Up Today And Walked Downtown And Bought Me A Pair Of Comune Jeans..Their Dopee!..
Of course I DON'T miss those bitches :l
Road trip!
Why can't he see it ? That im the one waiting for his attention..
Hi!! Can you please ask Ariana to follow me? Its okay if everyone asks you it and you have too many. lol Thank u 3<U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Sad that this has become the definition of 'vintage Zito.'
MEGA Brands and Mattel announce worldwide licensing partnership
can u give me a Cute icon? I cant pick one !
NFL wow. my poor seahawks are getting their asses handed to em' by peyton and the colts. bogus. i think all the pink is throwing them off.
I am not looking for easy but looking for Ty. Have you seen him?
Guess what I have on my lips...?
At #THATCamp Penn, hearing spread the good word in the intro session. Testify!
agree!! We need to have a student, teacher, parent and employer roundtable!!
Incentive for websites to protect #privacy. RT Myspace settles w/FTC re misleading users about sharing pers info w/advertisers:...
I'm so ready for tomorrow. LET'S GO!!
Don't we all.....lol
Thanks for the follow-up. After the last time reset, its holding steady. Not sure what happened, but all good for now.
thanks. Just putting my hard work in :)
Counting down the hours till 4 days off!
Thanks so much, Arthur!
Judge asks jury "can u all be fair?" All jurors shake head yes. I almost burst out in laughter-- as that's not gonna happen!
Hasn't started yet.
haha no love :) I was referring to an argument via facebook.
hahahahhahahahhahaha well duh ! (: you better not go telling them !
Seriously, Pandora? Coldplay's The Scientist? Okay, I will go get my black hair dye.
Sports Talk...No East Coast Bias.
thanks for following, please let us know if we can be of service to you. Best All Marble Restoration 561-293-3658
I don't want the world to see me, cause I don't think that they'd understand.
Put God First & You Will Get SUCCESS
Yeah Buddy!!!
Do you want to try out Lichi diet products?
"Fuck You Pay Me is what I told a bitch..!!"
Gotta admire your honesty and willingness not to worry about TMI.
my heart. omfg.
I knew I saw something going on! RT : HBO's Treme is filming in the School of Architecture.
You wassup girl aint gotta ask it i dead em all now i buy da casket
i want to go see a movie before this break is over I'm going to see one!
Our editorial team wants to use the Teri Meri and Chamal Challo remix, what you say ? xx
1234 = One Church, Two Services, Third Month, Fourth Day! Starting March 4, HPC will go to two services! 9am and 10:45!
“: Vaya con Dios Bears 2011 season.” hope he is ok...
Chasing a dream
. also putting "If you think this guy is nuts, wait'll you see Mormonism." on the table
NFPA :: Press Room :: News releases
These intros are painful
hey there, i sent you a DM a few days back. just want to make sure you got it! thanks :-)
#ReTweet If your on Mid-Winter Break!
MARK YOUR CALENDERS!!! I'm hosting a party for Vault jeans AND Paparazzi Jewelry on June 16th!!
I am waiting until after finals to buy Skyrim, is this the most responsible plan?
obesity as disease v. Result of feeding behav misses concepts of drive, conditioning & choice w/ exogenous & end factors
Great meeting you! Thank you for coming & we hope to see you at our next event.
#itsFriday #endofanotherweek - were you more productive this week than last?
Yes, I think she's "done". #KGWNightTeam 11pm
i bought mine in canton, but the people at montrose volvo were nice.
HAPPY EASTER!!(: <3
Ooohhh silly Washington...when will you ever learn.
thanks for the follow add, Kurt! High five for innate adrenaline. :)
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away
In your dreams , in your dreams
#iLikeThat my boobs look so damn yummy in my prom dress!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
hahaha today! Come over tonight!
add some thai food, and that pretty much sums up what I miss about San Diego
Asma #Assad - what kind of woman stands by her husband while he destroyed her parents' hometown of #Homs?
Looking forward to getting my iPhone later this week.
It would have to be a phone call for at least an hour but I could do that. Email me with what you are thinking about.
in Ted I trust, but he also made a bold move with Harell with 16th overall pick!
damn i really couldn't get a followback huh??
Thanks! RT Definitely stick to CFL bulbs for a plastic lamp. Incandescent bulbs get too & might melt the plastic
I wonder if they speak French :)
I am thinking TKZ pulls out another impressive finish.
right back at u beauty!!!!
thanks I try to be nice to everone
Thank you! “: Just voted for ”
#QuitActing like you're gonna do something, threatening me via internet isn't scaring me what make you think i believe ur bs!
I wish my headphones could turn up louder
More reasons I love teaching at an art school: in 1 minute, I saw one young man in a seersucker suit and bowler, and another wearing a cape.
I am dying here......I wish I could have seen this live.. damn you guys are funny!!!!
Audition today for spokesperson of AICPA for their 125th annivers. Thank God I'm a CPA too!
we wish we had a swag store. Will you be this year? We'll have swag
this girl doesn't keep her stories straight, she told me one thing & is now saying another to someone else. Are you seriously that pathetic?
have a happy jazzday sweetie.
you think its too soon to have the Lions #3 in the power rankings
AHH IM LOSING FOLLOWERS (heres a hint if u dont like my tweets dont follow me) simple as tht..! Lol JS..!!!!
oh the irony of a robocall from the gubernatorial candidate who wants to put prayer back in public schools, and calls on shabbat.
sounds great, lets catch up next week. we owe you an email too, tomorrow.
this is why we fuck other people.
Clearly I have failed at life and have no choice but to also screw both parties.
Amazon (w/ prime)?
good vibes to Eric!
Let the skiing & boarding begin! Sipapu near Taos opens this weekend- and will be open each day Thanksgiving week.
How did you like it? It's on my list and I'm not sure if I'll have time to go check it out in person.
new phone.....frickin love
Tonic languages are nearly impossible to learn online. I just feel like a computer can't teach you pitches.
haha what's new? I'm just working full time at Talin while I look for real jobs, haha
i LOvE so CUtE heheHehe
A whole lotta words got arranged today and I didn't even have to use my AK.
Great to see you! RT : Absolutely terrific day with friends old and new at #setdals11. The Learning Registry is going to rock!
So much going n the fashion industry. Must try & sleep so I can tackle it n the morning.
The Forbes Fan Poll names the most hated NBA player - over LeBron James & Kobe Bryant. Ouch.
Merry Christmas. I will be back up there for the Nats vs The Giants.
I'm So sorry i went to west memphis prom n got stuck out there bt i still have ur gift !!!
As of now I think it'll be a waste of time to travel back to NM.
I had pizza for lunch, too! Not for dinner though... I hope...
20 pitches for Hughes already ugh
YO CUZZO WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO WRITE ME SOME MUSIC !!!!!!
Thanks for the follow. I'm watching the snow fall tonight at my parents' home in Minnesota. Back in LA this Sunday.
Because #avicii is at the marquee pool this Saturday a cabana is an extra $4,000. should we do it?
watching the video now. go ahead Jane Lynch! well done. :)
Terrible. RT : Long nap. Status: downloading Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4. Your experience?
I was wondering when that snow was going to drop and just when I got comfortable it starts to fall. Spring needs to hurry up.
you know I am!
Happy valentines Day!!
I just had to go all Mr Miyagi on a fly in my office
Phew thanks! Sometimes that skank () needs to be put in line!
no tweet in the past 1hr...wats up w/ dat?
she was always talking about her Mexican husband.
ikr.. lol I only knew her for like 2 days lol she said that I said coo send em now I need a vacation lol
I don't think it's making me lonely either, but then that's the human tendency, right: to think that we're somehow special?
Can't believe this bitch posted a pic of herself giving head on Facebook!
Beer Pong Tables ordered...Looking to start beer pong on Wednesday nights at 10pm. Get your teams ready! Bud Light drafts $3
You might not be able to do everything you find out, but find out everything you can do. - Jim Rohn
Hooorrraaaaaaahhhhh! The cold war is over. My Twitter and Facebook have entered a friendly trade agreement! Thanks to
its much appreciated:)))
I have 8 days left!
Home aquaponics guide Blog: How extended does an insurance ...
Sadly, no. You could still treat them as tea leaves or entrails, I suppose...
so you'll be in mke this weekend, right? We should do brunch if you guys are free!!!
Whats poppin twitter?? Thank god for another day
Research is no joke!
Less than 2 levels left in the day and I'm grinding steadily. Have 150k.
Interesting! : "social media personality should not match physical space.. social media can be about fringe voices"
#SomeoneIWantToMeet would have to be the one I HAVE to meet !!!
Had no idea FedEx logo has an arrow in it
Name That Tune: "The thing I like about rivers is... you can't step in the same river twice." Anyone?!
And my phone is off.
Suns of ansnarky ?
That joke might be too easy lol
: 15050 and done for the day. Woohoo!
Does have it wrong, then? They say May 16.
False! Similarly to fingerprints, the vessels in the iris are personal and can't display the health of the owner.
This just announced! Lt. Gov. Robert Duffy will give the Commencement Address at our ceremony on Saturday, May 12, 2012. Only 105 more days!
Swedish House Mafia - is giving my aneurysm
Cool, can't wait to see this although you may have to change from #digimap to #doggymap !
I swear, sometimes I eat more than
With new technology and after further review, Benny "The Jet" Rodriquez was definitely OUT at home plate
My tummy hurts.!):
ok why
The Vow was literally saved by The Cure's wonderful Pictures Of You playing during the closing credits
U could have a pt: the Mou stain of Us vs the World. & the Ramires goal gave them belief at half time, I'd guess.
Just got a few new domains for Parisi Enterprises from
THIS DAMN PORTUGUESE SONG.now it's on power 96 cause pitbull made a remix of it -.-
Gonna hang with my best friend tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
or scarier... “: Went to see Chris Knight at Rev Room last night after the Little Rock Show! ... Lesson-noones cooler than CH!”
one of these new trash rappers I was looking up had one album w one single but a greatest hits album -_-
you're simply amazing Ricky! I volunteered at the HRC Dinner and was so disappointed that I didn't get to see you
Going swimming :-)
thanks bro appreciate that and yea u do need to dm me ur number bro
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 111
I'm a busy woman, Morgan.....
amen to that one!(:
yatch talk, finally!
It seems Facebook is in a rush to get out. Perhaps before the market corrects. Let's see how much capital gets drained and repositioned.
ahah guilty pleasure ;L Anyway you cant not watch them without not singing the words! :P hsm 2 is the best xD
New Jack White album? Yes please.
and have similar opening theme songs. (Both are shows)
This warm weather has us dreaming of summer? What #sunglasses will you be rocking this upcoming season?
Don't forget to stop in and try our Miller High Life Beer Battered Fish Fry with our signature Potato Pancakes!
Sometimes my warm bed > running
Roger Goodell would have suspended Erving Walker for that elbow if he had his way.
check out dates, we'll be close to you at the end of this month ;)
Oh PS....you are EFFN SEXY! and I would soo consider it....if I knew you wouldn't tell!! Lol
Hahahaa. I'll trust on you. :P lol. Haha, obviously I will do, people need listen good music like your music (:
Hey just got home from your show in Milwaukee, Loved it man! My book cover got wrecked... What are the odds to replace it?
"In order to be someone, you must first be yourself"
I am not on any painkillers at the moment so this is just regular surliness.
Monkey ass hair
went last yr to the pink doors burlesque show. think family friendly trapeze show - but still fun backdrop to a dinner
“: Yay! My bro is coming to Atl, I'll get to show him around. :)” bring him to class:)
RT turd 1: bill horn for his "let them eat avocados" attitude toward poor people.
Went to Nebraska v Zags in Peoria AZ.. Big Red fans are amazing! At least 500 in Red!! Tough start for Coach Erstad..
#REMIX Midnight Conspiracy has definitely been moving up quickly in the Dubstep world. They just got signed by AM Only, which is a New-Yo
Nashville to KC in approx 8 hours, with enough time to spare to get a boulevard
I gotta stop thinking my meals of the day are my highlights of the day. Hahaha #fatkid problems
Car accident?
Bored in class, someone tlk to mee :/
Turn Me On feat. Nicki Minaj? No. Turn Me On *by* Nicki Minaj.
By Jove, I think you've solved it. Now, about that cool million...
hope i made you feel better :))) Love you
Im gonna go fangirl about #SaySomethin in my bed! Haha goodnight
this is not twitter worthy ...
Niggas are like buses.
U will never get the satisfaction of seein me fall off.###i stayin on my shit like flies...
I hate it when people r mad at me
Thank you. I need to store my vids and photos from my research in Mexico; are either one of these affordable?
You know you're living in a classy joint when your neighbor has an extension cord plugged in the hallway so they can watch TV.
But I'll keep an eye on the % twilio in the twitterstream :) See you tonight?
Its time for my V..
How come all cute girls love ice cream
found it! Thanks babylove!
LOL Robert Longo eyeliner worn by all the hip 80's urbanites.
I think I had a heart attack watching is game
Decided to go with "All Sports Traffic School" which lets you pick a sport that they incorporate into the lessons...
shut up
I wonder how keeps hacking you:P mwahahahahaha<3
look incredibly sluggish today. Lacking precision, effort, and overall skill. Absolutely pathetic.
Feel incredibly nauseous, D: Mehh
I have a feeling we will see him with the big club soon : Aaron Cook gets CG victory 4-1 in G1 as PawSox beat Lehigh Valley.
Looking for a contract #recruiter gig in
Thank you for sharing, we appreciate it!
RT The new edition of Mailer's "Executioner's Song" has an intro from Dave Eggers, which I guess weirdly makes sense. I'm excited
First I counted a dollar den I counted a million
Bored watching all the Friday movies
one ethical issue can tarnish your credibility for a long time. Not worth the hefty PR bill. Do it right the first time.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our Community Coffee & Cocoa hour and donated pjs for local foster kids!
sick of my family thinking my OCD isnt real n I should just get over it n that I wanna be sick n wont help myself!
How to lose a guy in 10 days is the best movie!
Hope everyone enjoyed Easter today!!!
Was that last line a pun? Too soon.
Want to know more about art icon Donald Judd and his ties to the Northwest? Conference April 25: www.juddconference.com
that's like a fried food heaven
Now Danah Abdullah is talking about design education from a global arab persective.
website working when I left last night, now it's not working again. WTF.
What happened on 179th & stark?
I wouldn't support a bad product... no matter what.
almost done with school... i don't feel like doing hw anymore
You must be speaking about your brain.
Center for Disease Control has just quarantined a flight at Chicago's Midway.
Getting pumped for the #Eagles at #JazzFest #Nola !!
I miss LA.
guess what? It's also #leftovers. Repurposed for amazing round 2. And thanks!
I've been working a lot of hours to get the drawings completed for a U.S. Embassy in Africa. Now the race is on to get everything fabricate…
I was think 730 too because I don't want to be early and Idek yet imma look tomorrow wby
Honduras now down to 9 after 2nd yellow/red...
. coming to live on #sommchat right now. off the hook.
Over/under is 17 minutes before Biden dozes off.
Great deals on the AnaJet SPRINT before Thanksgiving!
Beautiful day around the Baltimore harbor!
okay. That's good. I got to work and then pack since I'm going out of town. Where u from?
Bummed to see that Chad Clifton is leaving the Pack..
I swear this week is moving at the pace of a snail...
hope so. =( So when are you gunna do the shotgun head stand? lol I love it.
Bummed I missed u @ #FormulaHH ! Will u be @ a lecture/booth this afternoon? We will bring some too :)
How's workout 12.2 treating folks.? A little different than burpees.
Hey hey! Watch for a crash SB 25 at hwy 7, a WB 15th closure over 25 and a wreck at Miss & Havana.
where ya gonna put it????
School-.- thaank god its friday(;
Come on you Sixers!!!!
Bring on the berries - ProduceRetailer
All these niggas making mills in the league and got them bad grains...du-rags work wonders. Looking at you Andre Miller.
I have Spoonman from Soundgarden stuck in my head... think I'll go play the main riff on guitar now!!!
Wow! Why doesn't today go a little bit slower
i heart your sassiness!
A big weekend for mma
Kowba believes the most likely scenario is $80 million in cuts for next year, $53 million for year after.
Redeeming himself, one tweet at a time. You're not out of the danger zone yet.
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf I talk to u about other guys.
It's a Lotta handsome ladies on this side of town.... Lol
lolz yeah good thing...
I would create a photo book, pick a restaurant gift card, and last but not least, select the biggest box of chocolate!
DAY MADE. ": "Drunk On You" Video This Friday, March 23 on "
Just now noticed that my #facebook posts have been defaulting to just my Family list! #wth?!
All at one time going out of fashion. In addition to songs about love ...
It's always cold in here !
Hey Austin is doing his concert in la the 24 so if u get to go I'm gonna kill you<3
Just now seeing this The Mom's were just kickin back at the haus. Tell everyone their we say hello :)
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Chipper Jones announced that he'll retire at season's end.
barb, our director of education, says it reminds her of anti-war slogans in the 60s. we LOVE the simplicity of it.
name, hair color, eye color, and something about you
Just got complimented for my Xerox skills...Adding "photocopier extraordinaire" to my resume
Join us for our now famous Pickle Night! Free pickles for everyone. M.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "V" #VanillaSky , #TheVillage , #VanWilder , #Vertigo , #Varsity Blues
IU didn't play their best. They wouldn't have had 20+ fouls and shot better than 30% from 3 if they had played their best.
sounds like fun :)
Special spooky #shoutout to for their ghostly gift to our NIE auction. Thanks for supporting literacy.
That sums it up. Though, it's a fine line, finer, between Biz and Rez zones, w/ large mixed-use projects.
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!! IF YOU NEVER SEEN ME LIVE BEFORE
from 10 am til we get off is just......well........boring. Don G all day would be just fine my man.
OK Tonight Remix VIDEO is DONE....will go up tonight....GOD IS GOOD...look out 4 it...NEED some FEEDBACK!!!
no plans yet let me know wat u on. I might hv a bar-b-q
Why's your favorite short horror story? Mine is either "thump thump drag" or "dr shivers carnival"
for sure
To quote the fantastic 'Stop finding footage already.'
IDK how you keep yr girlish figure RT Cupcake, 5 hour energy shot, mt dew, BBQ chips, and now little Caesars wings. Best day ever
Just one of those days when my phone decides shutoff so I don't have an alarm to wake up to
At meeting #Boston w #branding the focus.
Are you seeing any shows or movies this weekend?
I love it.
A short math lesson: new number minus old number divided the old number equals the percent change.
Happy Friday everyone!
You do! That's awesome! I wish I was that fortunate
my brain is just split.
RT : First 10 people who come in with "I voted" stickers on today between 12-2pm = shot of
Honcho lifestyle tip #15 - fuck you, its sunday.
Is this the old account or is this the new one? anyway,
My son is following me on Twitter now. I have made it to the big time.
and in September you'll hear browns fans bitch about browns haha
#10FactsAboutMe I'm bisexual.
now Why are we up! Definitely watching "Golden Girls" and writing emails. Lol
So, back on Twitter. looking forward to tweeting about #gov20 #open311 #dataviz #infographic, design, new music biz models, &more, it's on!
Does this ever happen to you?: you get woken up but it feels like you just went to bed & haven't slept yet..
I am shaking a can of marinated beans. I can hear them rattling around. Like a maraca. Seems like a bad sign. Also, like magic evaporation.
How do you leave your feet and still hit someone in the chest?
"You know its been a great experience getting to know you... You inspire me to be more than myself 2 do better everyday" -one of my clients!
Happy Friday to you too selena!..nothing much here just going to sit at home and relax lol.
I do what I can. Have to keep your creative juices fueled up for Season 3...
Hope you guys r great. Tito. “: nope. I did just have a lovely dinner with though. Sucker.”
I will soon be the proud owner of size 44 shorts! I am impressed with myself on that.
Great Game! FSU pulled it out vs. Duke. Great win for FSU at Duke.
Pens are playin tonight... stay safe #Pittsburgh!
Some niggas get on my fucking nerves
finally ordered my #SoListen skin today and I dont even own an iPod or iPhone.
This <= follow. Hackn pg, but my bro rapping his ass off.
That awkward moment when justin bieber comes to your house to give you proactive
The world is changing very swiftly. Big will not beat small anymore. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
l'm glad to hear that! :) That's awesome!
just like the Sabres. Really need to teach this out of hockey heaven.
: Check out 13 year old cover of Perfect...if you like it then make sure you follow her!!! <Superb yung talent
chris said u was fool
He was slipping out of his stroller and would have cracked his head on the banks concrete floor. I grabbed him as he was falling :]
I'm in the same boat. We'll do it, and then we make everyone address us respectfully and peer imperiously over our spectacles.
start growing your stache now
#ifiwereasuperhero I'd fly and do endless back flips... E
Movie night :)
haha I think your moms shirts gonna be the first to go!
Hmm..im like in an extremely happy mood right now :D
Why is it if a girl has sex with a bunch of guys, she’s a slut, but if a guy does the same thing, he’s a homosexual
I might be crazy but I think I'd favor my all-time leading rusher over a coach whose done nothing but run my FB program into the ground.
My uncle n his stories be funny aa shit...n im high..finna smashtown on dis breakfast
crazy Internet!
Hah at school like they were lake at opening the doors so I said "alex could fit through there" and hes lik okay imma try and he did he ...
hopefully we won't have to worry about him once Pettitte & Pineda are both ready for the majors again.
Just recorded a segment for Phillies 24/7 radio. Was left speechless that Phillies Fan doesn't quite realize they're the Yankees of the NL.
can't wait!
They'll never do another like Bright Lights, but yeah, the new stuff's good.
happy birthday. we been with you since day one. we love you!
Hi Sexy! Detour OnOver ;);) LOVE ETERNAL *MUAH*
Visit my blog and vote for me as a Top Mommy Blog! Please :)
thanks for RT honey!
Bout to fight UC traffic, headed towards . Go hawks tho!!
if you're gonna tell the team what to do when you don't know what to do yourself, the coaches stand over there.
he laughed to the 9-1-1 caller about telling wife to get her butt home! How in the hell?
So say Bingo was his name-o.....I conclude that Bingo, is in fact a serial masochist pedophile rapin baby smuggler
im just gonna sing selena & demi songs so carry on
nothin,forget it
i feel like some of them actually get mad when I manage to mention the website despite their best efforts to stop me
We are hanging out near hot topic in the Sun Valley Mall in concord, come say hi :)
if the background you upload is 320x480 you'll get better results. We need to display that somewhere on InstaCards
Mhm, I love not being able to do things I want to because I have to baby sit.
Hey! #Hilton! Fuckkkkkkkkk you!
Let it be known that I didn't shed a single tear until they played "Barlights". And then I just lost it.
"Courtesy Kit"--I even love the sound of it! Will keep u posted. Would love 2 c u in April 4 the project if u can swing it.
Make that poison *ivy*, poison sumac and poison oak. Duh.
tomorrow is the #kickoff day for #developing our first #Bixnes feature. I am very #exited and can't wait until it is launched !
Beautiful day outside. My workout break will conclude with a walk around the block, me thinks.
I've always been a fan, but tonight I fell in love with a little bit. Awesome!
Just so Grant Ward knows, u dont tell my sister that she has lost her life with out me beating your ass.. You just wait bud its coming
Good morning hun!! hope your having a fantastic one so far :)
grilling out on the 4th
Just dictated a detailed report, then inadvertently said something that caused voice recog software to close my doc WITHOUT saving.
Seriously, though, I was drying my hair and thinking, "Why the hell doesn't Kim have a paying writing gig?"
I pop me one, cop me one
Oh, poor puppy. Those kinds of injuries take so long to heal on a human. Hope it is speedier for a dog.
see you there mr Kevin
Things happen for a reason & people change like the seasons
Hahaha. Me either, if it took me that long just to make a potion, more than likely it'll take me forever for spells. Haha.
maybe copying Flickr?
There is a 5 year old girl on this ferry who looks exactly like little Kenya Michaels. Cc
I love you more!
Tonight a Herman Cain supporter talks with LIVE for an exclusive interview.
haha yea I guess so...when r u gnna get ur passport?
This lil bitch is testin me again really now I will beat yo ass #dumb bitches
Definitely, just not so much for Mr. Wickham!
QOTD Answer (if much too late to matter): Arthur C. Clarke
damn dude well, lets still play for team usa one dayand bring home a gold metal;) deal?
yep...come on now!
ya im not payin attention to wat ppl r asking me lol
remember my cousin amy? she txted you for awhile! she has a twitter now! follow her !
do you think my rep will be tarnished if it gets out that I had an "overnighter" at 's house?
You are the best wife ever...I admire u do much! Loved this episode!! :)
Not a good day...
I am NOT Daria! #NOTcartoonlife Thanks!
If you get into an argument w| ur girl dont hit her , just walk away that will hurt her more than a slap to the face
It's not stolen if you ate it. That goes for watches, too. --Clay
sprite,mountain dew,iced honey bun,jojo's, and ketchup is my dinner
she's not the ugliest She's average
The entrance towards the east honors traditional dwellings that honor life and looks at the federal building a symbol of government.
Coworker just *asked* to see photos of my cats. I have been preparing for this moment for YEARS.
#WISOTS is trending nationwide.
Today's goal: make a friend today,even if the friendship only lasts a moment.
Big wheels, bad hoes, run the block and we take yours. Supermodel, ride or die, bitch strapped wit my 45. lucky #13, hit yo ass with them 13
He has been but he needs to be even better
Yeah, Mom, All of Our Visitors Are TOTALLY Gonna Check How Clean My Room Is
Bostocks in Stephenville tonight! End of the semester party for Tarleton!
Is hoping to be able to go to the Kid Koala show tomorrow
2more weeks and this girl a be 28!
Is Facebook down??
awesome, let's catch up at some point.
Colorado Rockies Need More Radical Change to Batting Order: Fan&#39;s Take
lol true #tabernacle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love when kids just feel then need to talk shit about jerry cus of Om&m.
Today just isn't the best day for this.
Tony is a little cocky though.
Can you help me? I want to sync my BB with Outlook 2010. DM and 2010 don't like each other. I am not using beta.
We acquire the strength we have overcome. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
he has to win that, right?
yo will - how goes it? I like your handle :-)
hahaha it's great, and we should def be doing that date night very soon:)
Dave Zastudil was up for consideration too
Outta work flow ... Hungry ! What should I eat.
Danny Trejo, the actor, is at Castle of Chaos today...very cool :)
ok... Sorry for da late reply
How do you hit my car and take off like I'm not going to see you again? Why must people test my patience?
#nowfollowing Hey boo! :)
Mark Kelly waving to Giffords from gallery one of the genuine moments at
Three books I need to reread soon: Microserfs, Girlfriend in a Coma, and Cleveland Anonymous.
has a Twitter. Thought this would be important to you.
Watchin smokey and the bandit. Great flick
(1/3) In the meantime, we have two more amazing video entries for the "Why are you excited to come to BU/COM?" contest...
oh wow well u seam really nice
Leaving reception.. great people beautiful wedding .....and i got great shots! Today is good!
the apartment is painted! my poor "what would jesus dewey" shirt is now a dutch boy rainbow.
RT:: Happy to see the #Steelers draft a Guard: David DeCastro from #Stanford. #BigBen should be happy//#GoSteelers!
Im sorry to say it but the knicks are not about to win in miami ijs..
Day 2 of r #BlackFriday Weekend SALE! Stop in and save 10% off everything in the house! 20% off Lamps and Soil! 15%off Grolab tents.
yes they r but I was talking about the foul on Kansas they were trying to take Jones out
We're having issues as well
yea I had it since 1-2yrs just wasn't on it all the time like know though.
Never be so dependent on technology you need to check with it to know to remove your hand from a hot stove.
No sleep till buckingham basically
That's me! RT For all you late nighters, be sure & watch sing w/ tonight on !
People want change as long as there has been no change. - Howard Fuller
I was talking about Dr.Dre's new album called Detox, I wasn't talking about my body
#homesweethome finishing up the last things I need to do for the semester! Definitely ready for the holiday weekend and time with my family.
1st appt is a No-Show after 5 days NYC travel that included 1 sprained ankle, 1 sick husband, & lost luggage w/all the essentials.
thanks for following back(:
Can you direct me to any instructions on updating my location for the LS weather? Amazing theme! Thanks!
it went terrific I have representation now :D We had lots of fun! Hope your Wednesday has been as terrific as mine.
midwife says I was due the 26th. Tick tick tick ;)
Thanks, Helen. Yeah, I like the shoes on the cover. I think they sell them at WalMart.
so soon. Tomorrow actually I was planning on asking the advice.
Better late than never! :-)
Thanks for sharing that. Good to see you & hope you're having a fun Sunday!
Everything you need you already have. -Wayne Oates
You're the best thing I never knew I needed.
You would be the reason #seafoam took off? I was just asking why it trended so fast.
That's like "Runs Lola, Runs."
Who's ready to cookout on your grill? Need a new grill? What would you do to get one for free?
that's why I changed it to 7 kids, originally is was 37 cats but someone may have seen through that
I feel on top of the world c:
Why is the pool so low
run run run run run
Have the espresso brewing and equipment charging for tonight while working on a few details for this weekend's event!
Love reviewing Google Analytics reports for clients and wondering why ppl from the other side of the world visit TX political sites...
make sure you follow the magazine too I'll post the vieo soon
that was hysterical. You and your k holes. Lol
That's wonderful to hear! Tks for sharing & pls feel free to ping me w/any questions. Always happy to "talk shop." ;)
video playing on the big screen before a movie >>>>>
#cavaliers haha my bad....:P well anyways.....umm hey are you guys ok?!?! :P
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!! Thank you for everything you do!!!
love how you call us your fans instead of our fans :) #WeBelongToYou p.s. Where are you wet?
#nisoEbook Holzman metadata critical and even more so fir PDA, big opportunity but how will library manage demand?
Thank you! :]] Love you too <U+2665> xo
same <U+261D>kindly leave me the fugg out.
Love my girls they always have support for me love yall sexy assess ;)
may be the final sign of the #Apocalypse. Thanks for ruining America and company
I often find myself sitting at my desktop computer, with its 28 in screen, sending emails (and tweets) from my iPhone.
Cripes. I should have put these twits on tumblr. Oh well... later.
stay strong bay #YOLO I'm here if u need support
Doing great, feeling great. 80/20 Scorer launches tonight so I am excited, enjoying the games.
Smoking weed under star projectors,
bureaucrats, their motive was largely the same: they thought they knew what it took to pair people off better than those people knew..
At Harris Theatre Chicago ready to honor one of my students selected as a #Posse Scholar at #DePauw next year! Congrats Fredrick!
RT : Yes. Chocolate's not too bad.
Ha ha, I've had those mornings!
Dear Thunder, you are too close. Too close!!
It's such a novelty this whole leaving the house during the work day thing
congratulation on starting your own company
Out of all the #Christians and #Jews following me, none of you are #Zionists? That's great news! But,who am I supposed to lecture & edu? :)
FOR TRUE ANARCHY BE SURE TO OCCUPY A CHUCK E. CHEESE'S TODAY
Days like today when the temperature sunshine and humidity are in perfect balance are a gift! There is something so calming about them
SAT word of the day: anathema (n.) a cursed, detested person
cheesecake at 3am sounds good !
I'll be back to making Youtube vids soon. Getting some computer issues sorted out. What are some songs you would like to see me cover? :)
mine too
I like it lol , he died ?
My computer is not working today so wont be able to do #FF but be sure to follow Thanks!
Good morning!
Hearing moombahton in was some new level shit. Thanks New York needed that.
Consolation prize for the #Celtics losing by 1 to Philly tonight??! The #Lakers getting annihilated (so far) by the OKC #Thunder!! :)
RT : Best wishes to Mary Weiss and team Mary is a real pro and one of my favorite people . Hope new owners can...
plus his knee is out Frank c'mon!!!
Ditto. You can keep them in Gunny. Love you though!
good one!
I was trying but i couldnt find anyone...haha
Angel Food Cake
I would be the best thing to ever happen to you..
they both seem to have their own unique views of reality ;)
Our Spring collection comes in 6 days! This time we'll give thousands more $ to Romania than before that will go to meds/clothes. :)
Dude aint even been in a relationship for a day and already in my inbox tryna get wit me lmao ..guys are funny
I would advise cutting some eye holes and installing a breathing tube before making that attempt.
I'm so stressed out....
I'm honored! :)
Friday night !!!
I should have picked up Will Middlebrooks sooner. I wish I could start him this week.
Shoutout to my new follow
Moose is playin like a All-Star right now.
lol im tryna see man i been dead. u tryna drink tonite?
El Piolin Be Talking Abt Demons , El Diablo & Possessions In Thee AM
you guys are ok too
iCloud document storage works across Macs and PCs. We're all together in Steve's world now. Though Wintel on the wane.
I can make it work- I feel like (urg)earlier in the day would be best for me... Let's scheme closer to that weekend!
Why Is Mr. Rooter Indianapolis Money In The Bank?
Too much pride to say I'm sorry
Crying night.
Another possibility: since #drupal 7 was released in Jan, my hosting folks may have upgraded to that & I didn't know or do anything.
waah will visit your blog tom!
LMFAO Hi Mindy -waves- . Who else is invited ? :D
: can you please get me your sis in laws's contact info? I somehow misplaced it last this morning.
#MahoneToIndonesia if you're Indonesian mahomies please help me make this on TT(;
ah I miss you to! We'll do it again this summer okay? :))
"You don't need a reason to throw a garden party anymore than you need a reason to throw a birthday party." - Andy, "The Office"
Got chewed up...spit out...
#SLPsnQs for shorter term kids, compare percentages/cueing needed week to week but no formal plotting
I would next to anything to be able to stay in bed all day today.
I have an eyebrow obsession. If a girl's eyebrows are super furry and have no shape or if they're too thin it really bothers me.
trying out for The Crucible on monday. i can't wait. (:
My hero act of the day? Walking by a bowl of Hershey's Kisses without taking on
I'm super excited to go to the #5x7 splurge at tomorrow but will anyone I know be there?
An excellent post today is being prepped for publishing. Ever heard of "public displays of listening?"
me too...headed to Madison that is!!
can't understand how people share silly pics & garbage without thought on fb...but, ask them to share something relevant or meaningful...?!
Oh,its about psychological theory thing. Anw,you're living in indonesia right?
Larry Lewis USC commit will not quaify academically..Lewis will open back up his recruitment
Donna Rose & Robin Brand. Dialogue was honest, enlightening,& funny! Couldn't ask for more!
I might have to turn the game off and come back after my heart stops pounding
I bet the Avengers can't beat SSJ3 Goki...
Show your gift!<U+263A>
Have you followed and yet? :P Since you went on about them on the phone
#NP She ain't you by Chris Brown, I can't seem to stop playing this song
Happy 13th Birthday Google! Hopefully we won't feel the wrath of your teenage angst...
Not at all. I was at an embarrassing 350lbs of out shape yuck. I am now 248, workout 6 days. Play hockey on 7th day every week. :)
That alkward moment when its conplete scilence and you dog starts barking for no reason
so not looking forward to this.. at all.
Suju as awesome as always!
im so pissed off wont let me sign into any of my twitter accounts but it allows me to sign into facebook what the fuck? -_-
he like has a great grandson or something like that in even fifth or sixth. that's how we got him.
Dellinger: justices do not talk with each other as much as they once did. Almost like 9 separate law firms.
Will there be a supplemental draft this year?
Chillen On the ComPuter !! :)
What it look like. My niggas fly niggas. this is jet life. Yeah
13 more wins dude
Rack city bitch <3 (;
I'll never quit Timmy! But I may have some Brockback Mountain in me! In meantime, Russell me up some Wilson!
#thirstythursday...what's in your glass tonight?
funny thing bitch you don't know me.. but we can change that
welcome to the #QT9 family :)
“: almost hitting a goose and then watching it crap itself #hilarious ” hahahahaha too funny XD
It's so weird being around people that you're certain you're never going to see again, after being around them for a semester...
Check In during Lunch or Dinner using your Yelp or Four Square App. Receive a free glass of Mango Lassi!!
#groundedtheory an approach to inquiry that supports user-centered design
...you're doing all that stuff then xD
People who keep me awake, I hate you all. Puerco's.
Clear your mind now with the new Conscience Eraser™ from SC Johnson. A family company.
twittin on ya!
Thanks for the follow! Couldn't find the sound cloud page...
Music Fact: James Brown had 99 Hot 100 Billboard entries, yet never had a number one Hot 100 hit.
whenever i see a low-flying novelty aircraft in southeast michigan, i assume someone has let jack roush pilot again
Whats with this hooker spam? I don't like it!
Im looking to create a mutually beneficially opportunity, #followback so i can DM u and explain a little further
watching dear John <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
you don't lie! Lol
I certainly do, and so do several other tweeps in OK who are adults.
D'oh!
my friends kid was teaching me the other day. ;)
#CostaConcordia anyone? A literal & figurative example.
ha ha $8 dollar tequila is not good under any circumstances.
haha it's okay I'll just have to get the full details when we get to school to make up for it.
To prepare for her role as Sarah Palin on HBO, Julianne Moore had to spend weeks ignoring facts and watching Fox News
oh you know, bud lites and budz. Not sure where though...u?
guess I'm not talking to #oomf 2nite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
RT : I just had the best fried chicken of my life from . When did Pittsburgh get so damn tasty?
you should have made the trip! We're having a blast!
Get that $$ and be happy!
are you dating Alexis or is it just a rumor ??
Neo Vs. Agent Smith.
Tried that one w my dry stout. Worked wonders. Taking a little longer w the water heater. Might have to do a 90 min mash.
I love how double-space makes it looks like you wrote so much more than you actually did.
How about Sleepers Awake
The announcer called my brother 6 foot 1 and he's shorter than me...
Was just gonna ask if anyone else is having trouble. It's not even loading! Maybe it's reacting to the IPO talks.
I would be calling my sponsors daily with the DUO saving tons of $$!
I got sick of #Grimm. The girlfriend got on my nerves too much. Plus, why hasn't he put in solid time to go through the trailer.
by : This is the same guy that let Posey go last year and traded FOR Vin Baker. I feel better not asking questions...
For years was the most knowledgeable Simpson's person I knew... These days he's just a regular Joey Jo Jo Junior Shebadue
diane medley rauner of - the best way to close the #achievementgap is to keep it from opening
I like how if a white guy goes 20 miles over the speed limit no one cares but of a black guy goes over 5 the SWAT team goes after him, smh
I'm thankful for friends like the Frymaster!
Can't wait to see Paige tommrow
- you are a very tough nut to crack...
Wow. You're something else.
Brian Mcknight Need To Stop...
Hey doggie you're so good, you're so good you smell of mud, hey doggie!
RT : Excited to be on from 6-7 pm w/ The We discuss Suarez, Redknapp, & soccer state-side
what size n color?
The guy that invented back pack leashes for kids should be forced to wear one & see how he likes it...
I'm obsessed with mine as well! I'm taking her to st. Louis this weekend! Lots of pictures to come!
Alrighty then! (Yikes!)
I know! Instead, I'm stuck in a library in Boston writing a paper. Throw some latkes down for me!
if you went to the tool shed you should've stopped by for cds.
hahaha - perils of working with large pieces of art link is ALSO perilous (and broken). :-D What's the correct link?
Somebody on this bus smell like an old Limp Bizkit album.
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with a time of 36:12 with Nike+ GPS.
"Painter of Light" Thomas Kinkade died from drug/alcohol overdose, suggesting his critics were wrong and he actually was a real artist.
Let's go Noles!!!
somehow I think DH would've come between Kelly Tripucka and Kenny 'Sky' Walker. With an REO Speedwagon soundtrack.
I tell u ThingLink navigation is better than standard nav. I have to work up courage to do it for my site.
Bout to eat on a tasty ass lunchable
NEW Super Potent DANK CONCENTRATES Just In! Right on time for the weekend fun in the sun! Woot Woot!!!
huge UK fan here retweet my boys and I win a prize... Get well soon and Merry Christmas!!!
awesome working with you! Thank you so much
Woke up sick, great
Facebook deleted my profile, and now all of my friends think I<U+FFFD>m dead
Well, it doesn't matter how many yds Tebow will end up with. All in all, he will endure with a victory.
"I am the LORD, the God of all mankind. Is anything too hard for me?" -Jeremiah 32:27
I'm officially moving back to the States in December! Exciting!!!
I'm gonna get these old ladies drunk
Next we need Community to get picked up for another season. Call your senator.
Good evening you guys!! Who's going to NYC Concert on June 22nd. I AM!!!!!!!!!!!
Warm apple pie and custard is the nicest thing ever
I knew kills it at adult sports leagues but had no idea about the coffee cakes. Unbelievable. Thanks Claire
Bryan Kortis says about 10,000 free-roaming cats are trapped-neutered-returned in New York City annually.
Come get warm and toasty with us!! Don't feel like dining in? We'll bring your dinner to your car.
Adding smiley faces to an argument to make the person more pissed off.
Won my first round match of the WPT 1k HU and have a bye in round 2!
a few shots? You underestimate me.
I want the gyro ball
There is only one way to happiness, and that is to cease worrying things which are beyond the power of our will. Epictetus
I was just thinking that the other day! Luckily, I can only draw stick figure animals so really not my style.
As long as America's population grows & House stays at 435 Members, satisfaction with Congress will continue to decline.
Oh really? Getting it two years in a row AND winning first place in a state-wide sports writing competition isn't enough?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 16
are you about to pass out there, kiddo? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
HAHAHA ITS FINE! and nice :)
I suck at texting unless 1. We are in a relationship. 2. I like you. 3. I need something. 4. Me and you are close as hell.
I wish I could stay in bed all day and not feel like I was missing out on a precious day in my short life...
Thanks again to for letting us show "In the Eyes of a Stranger." He donated one piece that should recognize.
I got ahold of the event management company for them ... thanks for the response! Good luck in the race!!
fuck yea dragonball z kicks ass they better be rocking the dragon lol
#3WordsForYou You Are Dismissed!
Okay, WHY ARE ALL THESE BANDS GETTING SPONSORED BY NERF?
Old quilts or blankets pass them along. Anything helps on a morning like this. Love to all! Abeachdude Orlando
Blue bottles! Now I've seen everything...
since this morning until tomorrow <-Kelsey xoxo>
Sweet sixteen bound!
If only I could change my name to "Mr. Blow Your Baccout" legally..... LM(Blowed)AO
O_o .. Go to Goodwill on State for a new pair during your lunch?
Exit poll shows 82 percent of GOP voters approve of Wis. Gov. Scott Walker
“: Nj RT question no one care about but who are islanders fans cheering for in the ecf?” The sports life of Evan.
Shower time <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
And holy shit, RIP Shawn Tompkins. What the hell happened?
I only live like 15 minutes away from Josh Hutcherson. Cool.
Just curious Pacers fans, where are you watching the game today?? Pacers @ Orlando Game 4 ESPN 2pm
that boy is the ULTIMATE ENTERTAINER. 24/7 on HBO is on point.
"Some people dream of success, others make it happen."
You can't help but like Ron Paul just a little bit. Looks like he put his eyebrows on all by himself tonight.
I need a damn asprin bad!
Beginning this day of gratitude and peacemaking with reminiscing, counting blessings, and watching the parade. Peace be with you, friends!
Happy Earth Day Everyone! See you at Morningside Park at 10AM for Kids Yoga, Planting w/the Girl Scouts, Community Markets and more!
Thanks for coming in tonight, sir. And bringing your son in too!
Are you surrounded by Skyline Chili or KFC's? That will tell you which.
green or red? CHRISTMAS. I'm going home!
If I did well at craft I'd be looking for those too, but I don't so I'm not.
Audience question, do young people even want to #own #homes?
Code is a liability, not an asset... unless you're paid per line of code written
Haven't one money all day
I am doing fine, what's about you?
Hi Lauren! Great to meet you as well. See you around the #puttytribe!
Old Mountain Dew Bottle Fetches Big Bucks In Va.
When you're at the top, you meet all types of people. When you're at the bottom, you see their true colors...
Learning breakfast re what 'Burque might be in the future.
i had multiple people agree that my way is best, hoping you will too... slim hope btw.
Everything you need for your destiny is within reach. Pray that God will open your eyes to opportunities, people and resources.
been reffed well. Evenly, just a few head scratchers and sometimes they were right (& nobody gets it all rt)
Awesome. Thanks guys.
#Giro If all those 'copters are on the ball, you'll see views of the beautiful medieval town of Viepri to the L of the road.
will Udonis play Wednesday?
I know right.. like wtf?
Opening week! It's about to get real exciting!
Who do you think we'll announce tomorrow for #PXYSJ? Any guesses? ^Raph
Not wanted not gonna rep Sorry bout it
Thank you & honored for the follow
is the shit so quit you're complaining
Whether it's Maddow or Limbaugh, any phrase that starts with 'the war on' that isn't about, you know, war, is at best uninteresting.
that's the only sad thing about sunshine. haha.
Each sang his indictive narrative in turn, accompanied by the whole orchestra of sixty instruments.
Listening to Some Nights Album. I haven't liked an entire album this much since... The Format Dog Problems? :)
Hands up in the air one time for the west sidee hands up in the air 2 times if you love good music(;
finally someone who agrees!!!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix medical insurance and medical treatment
best of luck. Yay, go gay
Nuclear engineer warns: Keep troubled San Onofre reactors shut down
Why do I worry so much!? -_-
lol that's the pic I was telling you, SO true
I no longer care about how much sleep I get these next two weeks. My friends are leaving me so I'm making it count
yes plz. hope CT is treating you right, M&M date next week?
thanks for the spell check :-) trying to tweet, set up a FB & web site while still running the biz is taking it's toll..... Lol
who in the Hell is professional Dave? lol
We're in control of only that which we are in control of: our effort, ability to learn from our experiences, and management of adversity.
Yeah this place is great
the sky duhh jk my friend told me to say that and nothing much what about you?
I love Iron Man, too!
I swear the One direction boys voices are the same live and in studio It's like they don't use auto tune at all that's fucking real talent.
Eric and I saw a Brave teaser on TV this morning while eating breakfast. It made us smile. So proud of you!
Listening to music . Feel a little better
follow back I'm Lily's best friend from school
I know it's a taboo topic but has there ever been a serious discussion of raising taxes? Charging for things like garbage?
": I hate the fact that i was the most awkward teenager ever." Actually I'm pretty sure I was haha
never having kids
Ugh guy 2 machines away from me reeks blah
I don't want a knight and shining armour. I want a canadian in purple supra's <U+2665>
Just talked to JRich and to prove that he is about longterm he has given me the go ahead and release the BCS plays free here on twitter...
Hi, please follow me so I can send you a message..thx
yes to everything! And not that it matters, but I believe Sheree re: the booking "drama"
LMAO! Indeed, day 3 can be quite smelly. BTW the soaps were LOVED! Thanks again <3
People really irritate me. She definitely just returned napkins at the dollar store.
“A year from now you will wish you had started today.” -Karen Lamb
$79 a month unlimited group classes. Yoga, Cardio, Mat Pilates and coming soon...Kickboxing! Over 35 classes per week. Open 7 days a week!
That sobering reality when you realize your identity was so heavily interconnected with an organization you no longer lead.
Old Lady's Who Wear Too Much Perfume <<<<
Goodbyes aren't forever, hellos never last. It's the space in between where the future becomes the past.
Gotta love life
What will you be #reading tonight?
alrite ima hit u when I get bak down
I remember when I was obsessed with the NFL draft...at age 12.
you guys are on your game for this #superbowl. Nice work with response tweets
lol don't worry I won't give away your secrets ;p
If there ever comes a day we can't be together,keep me in your heart,i stay there forever
Come to my house and touch my penis. Thanks in advanced.
sweet! Stage on 6th now, event
Men, for the sake of getting a living forget to live. -Margaret Fuller
And turn by turn navigation, and geocoding/routing without a visible map, and a ton of other stuff Google prohibited.
Texas relays.. Wuz up!!!
Is boyfriend out already ? :o
reason #64 why you love , right?
Well, I want breakfast from Hardee's. Too bad it's a 30 min trip to one :(
working on getting it back up and running smoothly!
are you fucking kidding me right now.
": Hey finally #SMWWDC is trending in Washington. Pat yourselves on the back, social media friends." Big ups DC!
Ron Paul is all over the place. Should he be confusing people watching the #SCdebate?
Tx for rting my interview
#OCmorningShouties to rich
" The Impossible is often the Untried" --Jim Goodwin
'A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we will then know how to meet him.' - Aesop
No scratch that last tweet, I'm pissed.
Loving this new lock screen picture
pretty boy lol
RT : People riding mountain bikes in the city make me want to start forest fires.
": PBR has a sweet taste to it"always a good time...
where are you going next thursday?
Busy week with Glogster, Animoto, wikis, and physics projects. I'm tired, but had a blast!
Miserable in Chemistry.
The time is getting close. #tranZitions is almost here!!!
What does it take to find the PERFECT pair of jeans? Stay tuned for Monday's ultimate how-to blog by Jeantherapist Ashley!
Oregon Trail is da BOMB!
We need to get Girardi on Twitter...
good! How have you been!
Looking for some good coupons check out Groupon.com for some amazing deals!
Just be sure you run the transcript through "TurnItIn."
My dad is making post dinner snacks. Cream cheese and pickles wrapped in salami.
You are absolutely right. They partied
I so love our excursions. Always an adventure!
and can yall send me some cracklin from ronnies? please i'm withdrawing real bad
just coming back from it, when all of a sudden…FLYBY
Walgreens causes shopping addictions.
Severe Thunderstorm Warning in effect for west central Jefferson County and northern Jefferson/southern Dodge County until 1:45p.m.
Sleep well.... on your backs, be sure not to "crunch" into the pillow or soon you will wake up with more wrinkles & lines. Skintastic.com
she will never even notice you mentioned her
Try the bacon wrapped shrimp!
well and just rocked me.
I said it once & i am sayin it again!
But I'm stalking you from space cos I rep space.
Smooth move Jacques
hell yea...shes a comedian ..how random nigga
Hey The Dick & Jane Show how the show going?
changed my mind. Also interesting casting since zq is basically a darker/taller milo v. Man, did they push those parallels.
Back when I was a kid; The only 'fake' friends we had were invisible ones.
#Awkward moment, sitting next to ur ex, with nothing to say...
Who will go down as greatest? Garnett, Allen or Paul p? I go with Allen.
My bed smells like :(
Fixed. ": For me, it goes in this order: Last Crusade, Raiders, Temple of Doom, all of LOST, Crystal Skull."
when I got drunk I was apparently telling everyone I wanted to be a sumo wrestler ...and I woke up without pants. 0.o
add 200 bucks to my car insurance, take away my vote and Voila! I can park my car in DC!
RT : You say you want something but when u get it you dont know wat to do with it>>>>>> Wys Homie
Cloud 9 for a few days lol;-)
NOTE: US SC new term starts Monday, October 4, 2010 (...looks to be an exciting term). See US SC website.
but do they owe us a living?
Good night everyone:D
i'm turning in early for me good night world
Wow. Target at 1:15 on a Wednesday is a depressing place to be.
I'm tired. Night
he shoots his new video this weekend!
you con do it!
its fucked up to see certain things a nigga asked me not to do and he doing the same shit #kiss my as
Hell Yeah! LMFAO! Betty White's #OffTheirRockers - XavierLT. com
The new at Calvert and Pratt is apparently the new hangout for teens. #notFeelingThe Crowd
Come out to the Wall Street bull tonight for a wonderful treat! We know it's raining but you don't want to miss this! 6pm! Bring flowers! RT
“: Pray WITH me so I know it's real” <-- couldn't say it any better.
wish I could be at your talk today, fellow Bethel grad here '88 - how much of the campus with they preserve? Wall murals?
Trying to gather best practices...what do you do to stay on task? Do you have tools you use?
What ever happened to Pat Meares? #questionsaboutthe90sithinkaboutatwork #twins (#quora?)
OMG. is following me(:
My hair is crazy. I need it cut lol
So after school today I'm going to get UA! album! I LOVE HIM! Lol :$ - Zaona
These are the puzzles that preoccupy me.
We had a great real estate seminar tonight with ! I loved all the questions from the attendees!
": “: Anything is possible... trust us. Anything is possible.” <- "
Thanks back!
I mean hot
Teen top fans? Than follow this girl :D
Wow, it's been a while since I've been on Twitter. I wonder if I'll have more time once my wedding is past.
Thanks for the positive words!
did you give away that iPad yet? And do you ever sleep at night?
I'm gonna make them mp3 so that we can listen to the songs al the time;) I'll go to world market this weekend <U+263A>
Great! I am here and it is lovely on the patio.
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 36:53 with Nike+ GPS.
Can't wait to see the Dictator
To me she also seemed afraid of her too lol
Rocket surgeon? Brain scientist? 's suggestion notwithstanding.
Tomorrow Beanpot! Join Pabst Blue Ribbon “show your superfan colors” Monday, February 6th from 5:30-7:30. Find out how you can get a...
CHI, which means Customer Happiness Index, is a HubSpot proprietary algorithm, is a measure of three key metrics:
My girlfriend has lost her mind.
Has decided to revise script "Dear Dios" on Celtx. We'll see how it goes! Thanks free program!
I listen to La Dispute every single morning as I get ready for work. My whole day is off if I don't. It's a bit of an addiction.
#incaseyoudidntknow you're a liar
Good evening Dr. Falken, would you like to play Global Financial Meltdown?
Wise words -> “: Focus on what you can do online that you can't do offline. #dsum12”
really? Crap
Peeled-off billboard paper, acrylic gel, permanent-wave end papers, carbon paper, masking tape, comic book pages...
“Pandora priced its shares at $16, raising $235 million in its IPO at a valuation of $2.56 billion”>>Tech bubble happening all over again..
I have another AP test tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
We've been accredited by the Better Business Bureau! We're very proud of this accomplishment, which wouldn't have been possible without you!
Should I feel uncomfortable about that?
exactly. That was bad.
awesome. Thanks for reading.
Uhm. im pretty sure im standing right here watching a tragedy at hand. uh
we need to.
We really have so many great boots in right now. You should come see them! I've shared just a couple.
Thanks for following me back. Love your music. Wish I could sing like you all do.
My mistake: the charter school reported by will not be in Lanning Square
You will :)
LOL! Word bro.
Estimate my hours to add a country drop down input on a store locator page.
feel ya sista.
was great seeing you again... Have a safe trip home...
I love morning runs.
just people sayin things behind my back again.
A book club contacted me about my book "The Submarine Effect", reading it as their book of the month and meeting to talk about it.
Mission accomplished by #RafaelSoriano despite an #E5 on #EricChavez. He gets the save and the #Yankees win it 8-5.
Man, the iPhone feels tiny now!
because I am VERY UPSET ABOUT MARION HOSSA.
Lord, get me to my destination faster!
This traffic is horrible!
Buyers still in market for smaller scale desks - Furniture Today
Congratulations on all of your awards today.
I'll be wearing a 5x t shirt & boxers by Wal-Mart. Also a very fashionable adult diapers by the State of Texas. While watching the Oscars.
Hey Iowa and Missouri: I'm planning my tour of book clubs through your area May 30-June 3. Want me to visit yours?
Voice = lost, 4hr karaoke = successful
Looks like I need to make a weekend trip! RT : First day of Spring? 8"+ new, with more snow in the forecast Thursday....
Thank you to all of the people risking their lives in and out of Syria who shared their stories with us.
yeah. i cant even buy cigs yet! it sucks. haha.
Griffin was hot boy!! But he did good!!!
And the Community Impact Arts Presenter winner is - congrats! An amazing team bldg communities wherever they go!
Costa Cruises sails to the most exciting, deisrable places in the world-more than any cruise line! Where do u want to go? Call 800-803-7245!
GAME 7 LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!
Opportunity is always knocking. The problem is that most people have the self-doubt station in their head turned up way too loud to hear it.
Saw The Vow...great movie!! ;D
What you talking about Cali? Lol
Tebowing at volleyball with (:
“ Praying 4 ” thx I need it
I am LOVING it. That's my kind of winter... Didn't have to shovel one single time! Where in Ohio are you? Sunshine is my pal.
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when it's everything you want.
My meeting marathon has ended. My brain needs a massage.
lol i understand
Smell that? Smells like a delicious sausage biscuit. Try adding egg, cheese or hashbrowns to make it even better.
it's lions and tigers out here.
know that, you should join one so we can spar next time you come home. I got the head gear and what not
I think it's bloody o'clock
This just might work.
I love black men.
My Big Campus has changed my life! It will change yours too! rocks!
lol I'll take a shot for you
I'm glad to see you guys participating! Should be a great event.
#IMissWhen We Could Get Anything Trending. Oh Wait That could Still Happen.! Lets Get #IMissWhen Trending LEGGO!
"Trust advisors who talk about the customer experience" says Chris Davey of Sapient Nitro
#sad at least daddy is there to make me feel better :/
Kobe just lobbied to start 4th. Normal substitution has him out
#LPC (O) SW Region meeting discussing timeframe on strat plan. How long? What are the cycles? It's a "living" document
Everything about cottage cheese should disgust me, yet I still find it to be delicious.
what's gucci homie, just been working...you know how that goes.
Chicago has played well; bummer nothing to show for it RT : 2nd period is underway, #Blackhawks & Yotes are scoreless.
#InternetMarketingAgency - Flyline Search Marketing is a full service Internet Marketing Agency and Google Adwords Certified Partner!
How do you define success? Health, Wealth, Happiness & Peace of Mind? What's your answer? Create your own success definitions of these times
is going to Blvd Tavern with some friends.
remember el greg y la familia
RT : Lana Del Rey's Born To Die is beautiful. Giving it 2 thumbs up. Or a middle finger. Depending if you like MIA or not.
Out paying my bills
Trying to figure out what I can possibly do today that doesn't involve either heat stroke or heat exhaustion.
Jody-- I LOVE that idea!
I woke up believing it was a dream, but the really is following me #bestdayever #BUCN <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Appreciate it, homie!
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks to myself but stops bc i think other ppl can hear my thoughts?
yeah, but Lamar dosent have a job. So I wouldn't start the party yet.
like the kits, but doesn't matter what you look like on the pitch, only what kind of product you produce on it #ARSENAL!
Hello folks, please follow to find out up to the minute info on everything in Old Town San Diego!
Madonna&BritneyRulePop Monsters stepped on 2fan bases. Crazy monsters! & don't forget, crazy monsters trended RIP Madonna before. PATHETIC!
lmbo u funny its all good. She ain't Messing w me but I know she watching ask Andrea haha! He only speak when she's absent
hell yea
Ooohhh femme tech, i like that! lets do it sooner than 2014!
Can't wait to #MeetOscar via Chimpanzee In Theatres April 20 - first week donations go to the Goodall Inst.
: i just got outta work...are you all still there?
right?! I want it hot enough so I want to jump in my pool. 70s doesn't cut it lol
lol that's a good one gross but funny
Thank you,
. Thanks for the RTs!
M's prospect Rich Poythress on baseball and life: "You have to know what kind of player you are to be successful consistently."
sorry but no!
Hello everyone in Buffalo! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
NY is not on the schedule at the moment. But maybe it will be soon!
lol I know right!!
Alright Folkies, some more great workshops! Tony Moore is doing a songwriting class in St. Louis room
Just finished up workouts at The Gym. Off to Spring for round 2!
Cherry Tea <3
i want my jetpack!
who's your favorite 1D ? (:
a boi get off twitter in studyhall wats bren up wit ya though
Camper Van
Good feedback from faculty + good run with the boy and dog + yummy healthy dinner = happy happy Rachel. :)
where are the police staging?
MOVIE CASTING. Baseball Players.18+ look 16-17. Must play baseball. Non-union. Tampa. Pic, resume & sizes
IM NOT BITTER , IM MAD AS HELL !!
How's Toronto?
Watching #xfactor feel so sorry for Rachel Crow :( Come on Nicole :(
Day 3 on the Rubiopalooza Tour. It has been awesome. Big big day tomorrow. Draft gives us a chance to jeep momentum going!
How to beat Lee. Swing at a two strike pitch and hope Molina doesn't catch it. Then hope it bounces away from him. Then hope your Gardner
Just my fucking luck. I have a screw in my tire.
We've got a bold vision for bold change - follow us to learn more.
Are you in NYC?
Y do girls be frontin
RT : Does this mean Kobe will only have 2.5 rings now?
Sleeping alone after being held all weekend<<<<
I know. They will be really good next year with those 2 plus Marshall and Uthoff who r redshirting this yr.
oh my god.
can i have a shoutout?! lovee u!
That's my girl! I only wish some one had knocked the glass from my hand last night tho'
check me out at Thepropertylover.com
preshow not working guys
i ain't trying to kick it... unless its bout sum money...
Day 10 Latisse, I am starting to see some results!! I'll wait till they are a little longer before starting to post pics.
No tequila over here, just Jameson & beer. If you're lookin' for tequila, is your man. I mean woman.
are you tired ?
- Wish he would have had a cigar in his mouth too.
Okay i gotta stop thinking like this d:
Its hard to find good music
With 8 seconds left in overtime she's on my mind!.
I tried to start an "occupy the hippie convent" movement but it smelled too bad so I left. They'll never be overthrown!
I think I might! :) Congrats!
Lets go Kansas.
Union lose a critical #CivilWar battle b/c mercury poisoning? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan and find out. $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
I don't even know what just happened.
Glad to see is tearing up the twitter world!
great and thank you!! We're still in the development process of our service. I'll be in touch with specifics.
I wonder how the Hawks owner feels about KG now?
Phone is blowing up thanks to and his dang birthday. ;) jk #iloveyou. :D
I can't wait to see you next weekend!
...the social network system is so stupid! All of my friends on fb came from myspace now all of my twitter followers came from both!
seriously. If I could chose one superhero power - it would be to sing. Changes lives lol
You can sign up with the autism team or set up your own team or fundraising page from the main Dash website
good morning gamers, happy monday!
Papers you didn't write over Halloweekend catching up with you? Citelight it!
This going to be a wonderful Holiday season. Declare a miracle, expect a miracle and watch God work a miracle in your life.
Great shout-out, interesting product RT I'll say it again... LOVE that I can tweet from !
My family is way too loud
Thank you for voting!!!
When struggling for motivation, start putting your training gear on. It will mentally prepare you to start making your way to the gym.
Well, they were pretty slow to give up slavery, so I think we know what we were dealing with.
If the Browns really wanted Hughes they could have gotten him in the 6th round, geez.
I'm lost homie but glad we got our guy.
is excited to be spending her third 4th of July in New York City, complete with Macy's fireworks! :)
Last night's concert at Westmoreland Jazz Society was so amazing! Can't wait to play there again!
Thanks for the follow David!
Making the ultimate breakfast this morning.
Me tooRT : as long as there's no lock out to screw it up, I'm for sure going! :-)
Pedi and some shopping today
Sorry but "When I win those MegaMillions Im heavily investing in Chicago's #FGC Going to build a new place to hone the skills of our players
Hip hurts</3
Seriously going to do everything in my power to never have a child born in April. Husbands family has 4 birthdays within the next week.
About to hear Paul Gillin present in Chicago on social media for b2b.
Every day is #RecordStoreDay for me!
I guess by the end of July, I'll have taken either 48 or 51 credits since September. Been an exciting first year here.
Yo La Tengo, Young the Giant, Youth Lagoon
Female & Males needed for TV show... $PAID$ msg me for info.
NO!!! elminated from #DWTS!!! Why!!! This sucks. I wanted him to win it all. That's ok, he's still amazing!
oh cool just see a lot of men in the porn industry that are bi wasn't sure about u. But I think you're pretty amazing man
Like free food? Chick-Fil-A @ 2200 Crystal Drive in Crystal City is offering a FREE breakfast item every morning next week (2/7-11). YUM.
Yay! My pill and coffee both just kicked in!!
just changed up my profile a little bit. what do you all think?
Big win for
those snakes need shelter from the rain
Question: If you have started a co or thinking about it, WHY do you or why do you want to?
Also, met two little blonde-haired, blue-eyed kids with epic dreads today and glimpsed the future of my children.
thanks :) I love it! Thanks for the encouragement. BOOM
Do the #WhiteSox have the money and prospects to pull off that move? Acquiring #RoyOswalt would cost a lot of both, right?
Hahaa , hope so . You gonna get it from me >:)
i aint gone even stunt that movie was ova funny lbs the dicator# just tweaked with my girly's now back to studying unfortunately);
I am completely exasperated! No one will make my son's birthday cake the way he wants!
ok so some bitch just called me and called me a "Stupid slut" WTF
cute outfit ! GREAT color! Blue!
hi I got to see your beautiful face today<3
haha! anytime -- I'm so glad Joyce announced on her Facebook when she'd be singing :)
little golden zinnia
Heading out to the post office in about an hour. New orders placed before than will be shipped today as well www.threadedtype.com
I can't think of anything funny!!!! Chad?
We have The Football Package, so pick a game any game to watch with us!! Let's GO BEARS!!
OH I KNOW IT DID YOU SEXY BEAST!!!! ILY<3
When did NY, Philly get so hysterical about snow? Is it a DC contagion spread via Twitter?
16.I hate math.
she has the prettiest eyes ever!!!!! If I could have a dog, id beg Chase for her!
Future or 2Chainz?
Good luck to our Huskers tonight, how often is it warmer in Wyoming?
Yeah, the melody is stuck in my head. It's catchy.
Watching the dog the bounty.hunter marathon. Can't wait for tonight season premier! #dtbh :)
From our spring workshop series: Secrets to Securing Your Next Job, March 8 at 10:30. Contact us for info or to RSVP.
Hard long week at work - no idea how I can everything done that I need to do - working pretty much every night
Just got done talking with an cousin I have not seen in 20 years.Cool beans,facebook is good for a few things.Thanks Mark S.
Ah, my Silent Screamers by Aztec/Mezco/whatever. LOVE these things. Got all the Black & White series 1 variants. Nosferatu is my favorite.
Sarcasm not noted via text can cause an ugly scene...
I use both but mostly the dashboard. I do the configuration and others help with workflow
Goes pretty good I have not look at newsgrape in awhile. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for that tweet LOL
Hope they're not steering automobiles...
that's a damn shame
Pssssh maybe not in your world. RT BONIFICATION IS NOT A WORD
Attending #eTailWest Feb 28? Join us in the panel discussing The New Standards For Today’s Web Customer bit.ly/AnEGzz See you there!
"Oh swine flu... those were the days." --anon
I still can't believe we made it 2 the #SuperBowl!
reconfirmed today that has the best pastrami I've ever tasted
Gorgeous, right?
#oomf is my bestiest friends ever
good luck today you guys!!!
RT : Is LOVING OneNote on my laptop! Bringing new level of organization to my life!!
just checked, it's gone. I will be so gorram angry if it was Firefly related...
I love when grandparents come to the library with their kiddies.They tend to engage w/their kids more than moms&nannies who chat w/ea. other
C.B. Brooks invented the street sweeper in 1896- download- InSpotter mobile app
LOLZ someone asked me if I like "one day" I'm like "one direction.....? LOL GASP
Lmao some people are so stupid, no one gives a flying fuck about Selena Gomez and Justin beiber.. They both suck lmao get over it.
Sample disaster with dry cleaner...why?
WOW!! Thanks for the
Is color on your website important? Yes! There are psychological effects behind each color & tone. We help clients make smart color choices.
Nice day
deal. I already have a black pleather singlet in the closet :p
Teaching with and our students will only use mobile devices no #desktops allowed
Hahaha whatever helps you sleep at night! :D
Thanks too everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday & who came out and kicked it with me last night at !!
Y'know what's #awesome? Coming home from a friend's birthday celebration at a local pub and not smelling like cigarette smoke for two days.
i dont like rain..
Rosemary essential oil may be beneficial for helping restore mental alertness when experiencing fatigue.
If she has a facebook zoo app on her iphone,
Always has the BIGGEST mug! Loveit!
Help what to cook with basil, mint or chinese chives, please share recipe links.
I leave to get a beer and the #coyotes score a goal!?!?! Guess who's headin back to the beer cart!?
Stop in for our award winning Happy Hour! OK, it might've not won an award yet-- but you'll give it one after a few HALF OFF drinks! 3-7 pm!
freaking fucken finals
Watching Grimm with Viggle Fri | 20 | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Excited to go on a cruise next week...
Having not read the books, I'm watching Game of Thrones and playing Likable Character Bingo.
At BSA? Stop by the Polity stand to sign up to our email list for a chance to win £200 worth of Polity books!
We have some #Ravens cheerleaders in the house.
cool! tweet us a picture :)
BREAKING: The Cutting Edge is streaming on Netflix. Great date movie without leaving the house.
Ew. School tomorrow
Also, evan turner is pissing me the fuck off.
If American idol existed in 1991 it would have been cancelled in two episodes.
Justin Bieber -_- yay break time for me
it won't let me on it :/
I learned today not to try and talk to when she's designing/working. She doesn't listen. Too focused. :)
...as a cloud passes over. Sheesh.
Enjoying a toasty bay area day from inside a cold-ass datacenter
Just saw my first celeb in the Kentucky Derby parade -- the guy who plays the perverted short order cook in "Two Broke Girls."
haha! You're hired!
Your welcome :-)
Dealin the Cards!
whoohoo, see you there, hoping for sunshine!
I'm a soft touch. But your Stand Alone had me pausing at times to compose myself before finishing. You're so good!
Great race last night! Sucked to see some great drivers exit early. But great finish and congrats to #Kenseth (go #WI)!
I remember having Bieber fever before it was cool
Wonder if JOBS told the PRESIDENT it was a great idea to send all the Tax generating employment (JOBS) to FOREGIN COUNTRIES ?
I Love My Baby One And Only Forever & Always - Her Baby Monkey :) <3
RUN AWAY!!
Happy Birthday Austin is already trending(: Heck yes<3
Go to www.ypoqdaily.com and sign up to be notified about the launch of our new social networking site in November!
I didn't even know it existed. Kudos, Fruit Ninja.
2012 film watching! #36. Ballad of a Soldier (Chukhray, 1959). Great piece of Soviet filmmaking.
I just spilled my mocha, hardcore, and I DON'T EVEN CARE. In fact, I'm sad those two sips and a half are gone. THAT'S how good #alliance is.
Does this ff only happen on friday? :-)
Even though you are not a fan of da packerz... You are a fan of us!! (see lower right hand corner)
Much too deep for me to answer today. I wonder what Yoday would say...
Yup. Glad u enjoyed RT ": were u our DJ yesterday? Such fun! Thanks for keeping this pregnant girls hips shaking!"
Google+ is not used enough for G to figure out how to use it for SERPS. That will soon change.
Glad you enjoy! MT : Follow for nifty water-tweets from #India. The exec. director is over there right now!
ugh! What's up with this week? Saw more terrible ee behavior last night that disturbed me!
"Crossed by the Border-A Historical Geography of the US/Mexico Borderlands" Carrie Mott
A total of 3 people have winning Mega Million tickets. They are from Maryland, Illinois and Kansas. More coming up at 7:30 on
Sir Paul made a cameo on 30 Rock tonight. Everything I love, all in one.
Making a new playlist, any suggestions???
Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day to
A minute is all it takes to make a change.
You know you're slowly starting to get back in shape when a 3.5 mile run seems a bit more relaxing than the first six times.
Check out my pix of some of the newest items...Thanks
I want someone provocative and talkative but its so hard when you're shallow as a shower. From what ice heard with skin you'll win.
This Sunday at Screaming Tuna couldn't get any bigger! Brunch 11 - 2. S.I.N. Sunday 4:30 - 10. AND a Mothers Day 3 Course for $35 special!
please follow me I love u !!!!:)
josh hamilton had a good night.... or as albert pujols calls it.... a good season
tUnE-yArDs has become one of my favorites! that girl is awesome!
How do I find it? Can you send me an invite if that is what it takes?
If you Follow me Or At least RT it would mean to Wrold to mee <3 iLoveyou (:
Intermission at Slinging Ink @ Big Star Bar. Mary Poppins tunes to entertain. Get it? Babysitting for Fun and Profit.
At National Latina Business Women Association forum w/ San Diego mayoral candidates Carl DeMaio, Bonnie Dumanis & Bob Filner
Lots of model-types are lining up... Wondering where the classically curvy girls are.
gonna see how long i can get away with not wear shoes.
Oh no! That is sad :(
we think so, too. Thank you!
Thank you for sharing this w/me. Following your footsteps as in "...I know you're with me now, leading me further in.". -Greg Brown
thank you!:)
saying goodbye to with and ...and we're not okay :(
Happy Fat Tuesday! Where will we see you OUTinCHI tonight?
Call your momma
o cute
#ifiwasdatingharrystyles Well I am dating him he just doesnt know it yet
out why there is chunks of bread in here!"
ah that sucks.. Yeah I had work the next morning.. I didn't leave the venue til around 12. Hahaha
THRILLED! to be working w Molly Ringwald for her debut fiction collection WHEN IT HAPPENS TO YOU (Harper/Sept) Galleys avail son!
thanks for the mention!
Hey - What Exactly Are You Looking For? Is It Related to an Event / Launch? What it Your Timing?
man wtf is the move?! i'm not tryna be here!! lol
Whole foods lady: 'do you want your meat in plastic?'. Me: 'that's what she said'. Wfl:'excuse me sir?'
30yo Juan Sifuentes killed, another 29-year-old man moderately injured. 35yo Osmond Viernes charged with open count of murder.
Chrismas is on the way.
Yes, yes I am….. I am more jealous we can't go on ghost adventures anymore
I'll see what my money situation looking like...
#ff hey tweeple, show a little twitter love to a friend and co-worker
Unm why do you hate him?
how bout them #Bulls??!!
Sure ill like it :)
Thanks Mike. No. I'm not at AAM. If you could DM me your email I'll send you a little more information.
Bolton's out of relegation!...for now.
Todays gone great.
Happy LEAP Day
Ok now are you open?:) In the parking lot... Having a car dance party.
I'm playing following de leader!
People if ur serious bout ur career get at her or ur crazy...much luv 2u Lisa...great PR
Same here! What a story!
I think I just begged to add/drop because I couldn't pass muster.
I feel like it's not a place to go alone, but is it lame to say "PLEASE accompany me to the house of waffles"??
Burger king is flame broiled now tough luck Travis k
We should try and get more HAMs on here (at least the cool one's). This is a neat way to stay in contact. 73
Generally students are the best vehicles for passing on ideas, for their thoughts are plastic and can be molded and they can adj
The year is ending... see our Live interview with Salvation Army about year-end donations. KSTPTV
Ahh thank you!! Very cool to see it on there. Definitely a first for me.
I wish it was Sunday...
OK, my Square issue is resolved! Thanks so much to LinkedIn for helping me figure out who I know who knows someone at Square...
40 days until our China adventure
NOPE . Not unless I know you well
Did a test just for fun: Asked Twitterers to go to my website & send an instant txt msg, the results were disappointing. Your comments why?
Finally got my hands on an iPad. I used it at the library & like it. Awaiting gainful employment - then I will own a mini computer, too.
Watching Soul Surfer Such An Amazing Movie Im Like Literaly #Crying Very #Heartwarming :>)
Gonna learn how to play on new piano.
Gearing up to shoot the FABULOUS Shannon & John's wedding in Milwaukee today!
has a way of living life with class.
Go get it, gurl.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer46
Obviously I haven't had much time to dwell on social media. But seems like everytime I load up GooglePlus it has a new layout. Blarg!
Those tickets are nearly gone so go get 'em at > www.bignightdc.com.
Congrats to Sandi and Bonnie getting married on their 25th anniversary. Im the DJ! Beautiful evening out on the water
hahaha she weighs over 7 stone! She's massive and still a pup :D
Of course!
some days I would say yes. But MUNI has the CTA beat.
Why the hell does have a Twitter..?
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
If I had walked home from the Med pregnant....no one would ever know. Some shit u should keep to urself!!
Enjoy Skyline Chili
I miss Shakira
#GoTribe FUCK HOECER TALKS TO FARMTEAM. AND TRIBE. STOP TALKING TO ME IF YOU EVEN KNOW THEM ON A PERSONAL BASIS. GO DIE ...
We have added many new (allergen free) products that are so delicious and good for you too! Come visit and decide for yourself.
"It’s not just being funny. It’s being proud of your stuff & doing things that other people couldn’t do.” Ricky Gervais. HBO's Talking Funny
When I've seen it, the nudity is usually implied and the actress stands behind a screen
hey guys, we r possibly going to be in LA next weekend. Are y'all doing any kind of LIVE shows then? Would love to see y'all
fawk yew. bye
#GODBLESS A SEXY MAN!!!
Me neither!
When you lose your Bestfriend <
Me and my wife are the type of chicano couple who steal each others bandanas and then argue later about wich ones really belonged to who.
Just got home..
yea it still is. Do u have an android phone? Cause androids be doin that to pics.
Never judge a nigga , before you judge yaself
By dwelling on the negative we are openly inviting more. So please ignore this post.
Herman Cain is running for POTUS, but will get on the GOP ticket as a VP candidate. He'll end up being Mitt Romney's own personal race card.
By answering "no" to "Can you stop (the Thunder)?" , Kobe wasn't waving the white flag. He's not quitting, either. Come on now guys.
u don't have to lie hahaha
Nice to meet you Pratyush I received your hello and hope your having a nice weekend
she is the sweetest person
If Mayor has his way, Libraries will go from 20% below regular staffing to 30% on July 1st. Less hours. Less service.
casually waiting to see if you pop up in my followers list, cause i know it'll never happen :/
I like the wysiwyg module because you can expand on it with things like the IMCE Bridge. Plus config is easier
yes i knew that but i didnt realize you were still 14!
XOXO to all of you from me too ;) RT“: Kiss!!!! See u in these days <3”
We all have that one person we didn’t appreciate enough, the one person we will always regret letting go of.
Girls, next time you're feeling bad about yourself, remember there are homeless men that would holler at you in a second.
watching #preppers haha I may havta get my prep on
The American #Heart Association recommends eating oily #fish at least two times (two servings) a week. Each serving is 3.5 ounces.
interesting documentary about for-profit colleges- Frontline: College, Inc.
its definitely going to be in july..but I'm not sure what date because I haven't found a place to hve it :-/
Manning is a perennial playoff qb, the Colts sucked at building a team around him. DEN will give him a lot more to work with
was gonna cuss u out for not texting me back BUT I texted the wrong number lmao
You guys are having a crazy train ride!
Guys remember: When you are sitting there all day playing Call of Duty, your GF is calling some other guy to do your duty.
Gotta start getting ready for the Red Carpet. Dang it...I should've booked with # :-/
I miss you. Not in some cheesy, let's hold hands & be together forever way. I just miss you; plain & simple. I miss you being there.
It's still not that different from the rest of the states in the union in this respect though, is it?
You are!! You're ugly and that's true
Had an awesome day today... got to hang out with friends i haven't seen in 3 months... it was a great reunion! i miss them all!!! :'(
Brush out any tangles before shampooing. It not only makes life easier, but avoids unnecessary stress on your hair later.
Omg so in love with the Michael Jackson tribute antm episode!!! Amaze!
I am glad - found an herbal tea that infuses a beautiful pink for a tea party this month - Let's Do Tea Passion Flare - tastes good too!
Yay for spring time everywhere. (Not here just yet though)
no, we arnt starting that.. No.
Pens win and they won't be looking back...enjoying my victory drink
I like movies, but everything about the oscars are a turn off. There are better and more inspiring people out there
I had a great workout!
Definitely a 10. Valentine's Day is big for me.
well good thing I moved from there lol !
Good Luck to all the IMM followers that are participating in the triathlon tomorrow! Make sure you stay safe and hydated!
do u know she is in love with u lol litterly she said shes staying single 4 u but shes my friend soo
Yeah. But long hair around the ears is gross. Ha ha ha. Up on top is fine enough.
just cuz it's second semester doesn't mean schools any better
Orange juice + Cherry limeaid + gin =
RT : We are starting to get great auction items in! We have growlers from ! Thank you for the donation!
omg i love your icon! bahaha thats adorable :)
Burned the roof of my mouth on some pizza :\
Watching ABDC again.Can't get enough of the ICONic Boyz<3!
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you beg them to send you a naked pic.
So happy is open until 9 on Thursday - one more museum I get to explore before I leave for Boston!
Thought - provoking, actionable keynote from #hbs prof norton
pot of gold and leprechaun is priceless...not gonna even approach the innuendo there
only 55% of Americans know the sun is a star. comparatively high percentage??
CAN YOU DO ME A HUGE FAVOR??? PLEAAAASSSEEEE AUSTIN?
Tonight, WE ARE YOUNG.
Just learned about cool intiative from a colleague
I am definatly going to cry when turns 18 .
you would be the coolest person I know. Oh wait.... You already are
Denver won the toss, this games over
Goodmorning y'all! (:
Every defensive linemen not a rookie or named Raji. lol
Bringing in the Boonbooree for CJ.
RT Nearly every GOP senator voted to double student loan rates. RT if you stand w/ the President to keep college affordable.
Had to do my hair today so I can look good 2ma
I feel like this is much more of a religious problem than a government issue. But I understand where both sides are coming from
Even Wiz Khalifa can't get higher than gas prices.
she was gone too soon
20k probably not a huge stretch. Maybe 15ish?
We're doing a live interview RIGHT NOW at www.blogtalkradio/newmusicinferno!
When your dad makes homemade soup for you (:
congrats RT : rec'd perfect score on research paper: #females in #sextrafficking: #drug dependence
You provide MY Beiber alerts. Get back on the job!!!
Don't #tellhimyoulovehim cos then their dynamic will change and the show will get cancelled. Do it when the show is ready to end.
I was goanna go to bed but what for I don't have to.wake up early (:
Photojournalists Scramble to Video. Is it Worth It? - PBS MediaShift
He on them games. And I'm not with all that bullshit. Nigga you can go.
yes - now my question is can I make it our mantra or is it a turnoff?
notice also that he was rocking the white line woodblock prints before it was a thing.
I wish I wasn't fat.
some insane wines here tonight. Micro-pours but good.
What you goin to VA for?
yall should retweet me please i need more followers lol
The CT scan confirmed that my left ankle has degenerated to the point of dislocation, so I'll need ankle fusion surgery.
Do you find that the latest version of the DLM doesn't sync tracks to iTunes reliably, or is it just me?
u should get an award :D <33
can't wait for this fight.
Streets Department: You skipped trash pickup on my block yesterday. In 100-degree heat, it's still sitting there. Why?!
thanks anyway I can help the team
We're looking forward to the #nwsa2011 panel on Anzalduan Studies for 21st century. Our current issue has articles on Anzaldua in the world.
I oppose SOPA
Baking some BIG Key Lime Cookies today!!
thought you would like to see his set up. What's the key? Volkey!
“To tell you the truth, we have some very cool things in the works that I can’t talk about right now,” continues the singer.
The one clear message from UWM's hiring of Geiger as AD: School is serious about future of its athletics program.
Thanks for sharing and adding MentorMob's tweet!
That awkward moment when your mom ask if you like boys or girls. Wow mom just wow.
JUST USED MY NICKNAME ON TWIITER...IMA BEAT YOUR ASS :p
Super excited for Clementine's spaghetti dinner tonight to support the Hamilton Crop Circle kickstarter!
Interestingly, they have an ongoing Filipino film series, so this fits right in. If you go, let me know what you think.
we split up the conferences, Ben is going to Mac Admin
na I'm I'm Houston lookin ta hoop somewhere, where York at?
post pix, post pix
Every year!
Why is this lady talking to me about heroine... o_o
Drinking a great bottle of wine @ the portland bottle shop. "Carm" for under $14 a bottle!
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious - Albert Einstein
I feel I'm not on here enough. I'm sorry! I miss you all, especially the sassy librarians. I'm done with the semester do I should tweet more
To you so called inspiring Rappers, there'sa difference between Ignorance and Talent. This goes for some you so called im hot rappers.
RT : Lady GaGa to enroll at Maryland after seeing those uniforms hahaha
what's been good with cha?
Everyone over to
i was woken up at 8:00 so that i can sit on the computer till 3 and do school work, so much for summer!
169 followers. ;D Larry Stylinson popped up in my mind. Is that bad?!?!?!? -AliPaige
Well, I stretched this leap day as much as I could! Off to bed now after a busy and productive day, big chunk of #practice included!
Thank you! I'll keep an eye on Lynn's web site, but if you hear anything else, I'd appreciate it.
#CobraStarship are amazing. And #Sabi can SING!
Matt Flynn did great most of the game... Clueless in last minute. Ah... Inexperience... Shady Brady and crew pull out another one. Z.
So.... who needs tickets to the Bone show August 5th, eh? Anyone?
One Gnat in the studio. you know the thing is going to eventually find wet paint.
Hear about the "I'm too cute to do homework" tee that Pennys pulled recently?
that's what I'm saying haha. Let's get some ppl togethet
“: Hoping for a night of pacers, celtics, and brewers dominance. #bucks #brewers” Go Pacers! #We'veGotSomethingToProve
Welcome to Richmond, #PhiKappaPsi National President Tryon Hubbard! Congratulations
Passing the famed 49 and 3rd....some nyc history
I love these apartments, u go ouside to spend some quality time with your cancer stick and ppl slam windows and cough up a storm
I agree!
Thanks to our newest #FFs !! www.allstategc
"Justice is love made public" C. West & the joy & purpose of working for it is as much in the act as the outcome. The arc of the univers ...
One more week till #FIFA12 comes out. Can't wait to get it
I work in PR for the Public Library
You are depressing me...
What you know bout that...
Keep up to date on the competition with Google Places.
okay. Let me just work up some fake vomit to show the managers.
98% OF THE NORTHSIDE BITCHES WERE WEAVE ALOT TRACKS TOO
Nice groove to that tune, thanks
Apples are good, but too much of a good thing..
that sounds awesome!
Story of my life.
Check Out New Music Tuesday On VLN TV! Peep the latest releases from Mayer Hawthorne, Johnny Gill, and Nappy Roots! Right here on VLN TV!
That amazing feeling when your crush texts you first.
- thanks also for the follow - happy #WW!
if you are deed correct bcuz you r in the know, ok but.we know when high profilers are on our roadways
it's not so gray in Modesto! Go outside and smell a rose bush they are exploding blossoms ATM!
Tip: Molds can cause property damage to the surfaces they are attached to, these surfaces will most likely be wet and high in moisture.
to "I think when you spread the dog meat around, it's good for everybody."
Let's all just wave this "lost fan" a big, fat bye! :D
thanks for the love
re:Tiki Bars bit.ly/sTvuO1 - When did they go out of style?
With my favorite hoes tonight<3 & oh and blake(;
Excellent! We hope to see you again this year! // Way ahead of you. Last year you were my #gencon lunch every day!
Goodbye Alabama--we will be praying for your recovery and we'll see you soon.
Im Sorry But I Jus Have Too Much Class Tobe Seen In Central Stations.
so my son just got back from Sinaloa mex, on thurs ate a pig that was cooked that day, he has no sympt should i worry?
hey!! Do u still wanna go see titanic next week?!
glad I'm not the only person who does that!
The function of a rubber duck is to keep creativity afloat when one runs the risk of drowning in boredom during bath time.
omg knicks. really?
RT A good cold-weather drink at Entwine:Savage Scots (chipotle-infused whiskey, honey syrup, whiskey barrel bitters) Yes please!
These shorts i bought to sleep in look like boyshorts on me, i think they were meant for girls with no ass or thighs lol
follow me and the rest of the World Vision Horn of Africa response team
u partying tonight
My pleasure! Enjoy down to earth, from the heart, tweeting! ;)
haha...I had a traumatic experience.
Have A Nice Day :-)
I played like straight shit tonight. No Excuse. Explains y I feel like this
same here lol
Thats a little better.. Glad Conrad is out of there...
Yankees in Bmore to play 1st place O's and Nats in a early one with Strasburg/Bryce in DC. wish i was back in DMV to see one of those!
see you all there!
Have an incredible skydive Nick!
And this is because I have no soul. The caffeine fills the void. The steamed milk fills my belly. And the chocolate, well...
Exciting day - we're finally finished mixing the new record! Huge thanks to our producer B! Soon some new music coming your way...
The main idea is to prepare yourself and gather as much info regarding the industry
Really want a loli pop :/
we have had to move #tacotuesday to Wednesday due to weather... just doesn't have the same feel
Is it about catfish? If so, riveting.
This day will be a great day!!!!!!
That sounds like a great plan but I don't know if I want to do 2 TMs in a year. lol
It's opening day for the ! I wish I was going
AHW omg I'm so happy for you! :D <3 that's awesome!
I don't know If I have ever mentioned this but I love so much.
I have turned into cookie monster.. I swear! Keep me away from your cookies!! :)
Funny dream last nite - 1st caveman to use club writes popular autobiography on cave wall, inspires hit song (sung in grunts) "Feelin' Fine"
So if went to the MMVAs with , where was ? SMH. he never goes anywhere with JB.
so cute!
Ah. Wasn't me.
Eliminate Prejudice Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAD AND ALSO TO !!!! Woo January 11th!
#NDSA 2 set record straight, James Snyder, LC MBRS, said 'All digital preservation is physical preservation' not
His dad used to let him play by different rules RT : BS, mine is tpnyy, jenniferr's is jennip, & matti's is Javier schwartz
SIRENAIDE (Usage) The Sirenaide assisted Ursula in her sirenade that when life hands you lemons you make lemonade...
awesome, thanks, and nite ;-) what time is it there?
moist. Sgdycfuiredjcnvfre dying brb
Morning all..bout to head in to work may my sanity keep for the day. Praying for my momma to get good results on medical results tomorrow.
My old head says true love doesn't ever fade...I'm starting to believe him
I had heard bits and pieces... I especially love his name! And ESP glad Mickelson didn't win!
Fabulous. #legalchat still going on? when?
have a start-up idea. You list as a poet, aspiring actor, or cover band bassist. my app will instantly change it to unemployed.
New day new challenges new goals
Doing the best I can at the moment, Chris. Healing from a leg injury, drinking coffee and watching snow fall outside. Best 2 U
Just got Leaving For Aedan in the mail.
On a related note: how much vitamin C do I need to take to make this cold go away overnight?
joke is definitely on us. RT Punked. All of us, I tell you! PUNKED!!
That train line is my least favorite thing about this neighborhood.
would love to when the next album comes out. sign up on our email list for news! . cheers!
currently reading Vindicated book. Pretty good and pretty interesting. On page 119 Mitchell Report
bRrrr freezing out this morning
LOL ~ I've been twittering since I started hours ago!!!!!!
You can't fix what's been broken. Even if you try to glue it back, the pieces that make it whole, will never be the same.
I think you may have to send out a pic of the dish when it's finished. Just so we all know you're not just teasing us.
A friend said it best I think, "We looked like the expansion team"
ME!!!!!!!! You should just always pick me... I wanna do EVERYTHING! Haha
fan first.
can i schedule a pick up ahead of time? thanks!
Working on Spanish homophones with the kids
Good morning world! Thanking God for blessing me to see another day<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>!! Very productive day ahead of me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
She said thank you :)
We have some great things in store for you! Thanks for being great to us! :)
DAYTON,OHIO INDOOR PERCUSSION W/ and And
I See You Barney Lmfao
I don't have your iPod number!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 6
who ya rootin for tonight?
TGIF & have a wonderfully relaxing celebratory weekend!
Love isn't perfect, it's consistent.
Really tempted to get the book on indexing while buying textbooks today.
When is god going to tell white people to suck it!?
im folding tons of papers lol
You know what makes me sick, it's the fact that you look like a whore.
What could you do if you had absolutely no fear of failure?
Is going to be a groomsmen at your wedding?
silly blog
OH: emails about having lunch with elephants is not an appropriate use of the red exclamation point
thank you!
Some chill air and a cigarette before bed. I remember having more energy...
DAMN TOM!i thought a creeper had my number!lol
Outside on the Honey Loop for the next couple hrs. Saw a sweet playground at Jacobus to do some boot camp!
"Charlie Murphy!!!"
Huge Event Loren...Definitely gonna be Special ;-)!
Two sleazy people dating or getting married is no bueno
#diydays Speaker points out that they chose not to use a map to show geographic info for "What is American Power?" because it's seductive.
Let the #Flyers goaltending controversy begin.
Shawty bad, yeah she a star
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. ~Nelson Mandela
nonsense conversations...i happen to love those
I love my family... I've gotten texts, tweets, phone calls, and facebook messages all to remind me to vote. LOL
Never! Had to cancel my trip. Not only did I miss a chance to see you but I missed the Salt Lick too!
Ah I hope he sends her home!!! Be smart for once Ben!
You are important.
think I just spent the last 2 hours at a gay bar with my girlfriend...Ybor City has me messed up!
Hi everyone how are u ya'll doing i have got a busy day ahead of me, so i hope you guys all have a wonderful day!!!
Kindle touch looks like a winner to me!
what happened to ur leg :(
Info on release coming soon! RT : this looks good
Piez: Technology-level data model (LMNL) allows building new higher-level data model of texts, exposing e.g. narrative structure
So excited to be working as a RAW artist with !
wow, don't they all know they have cameras in the car?
oh my god, just when I think you can't get anymore perfect you do GOD
Classic mistake from a rookie
Me too! When are you coming?
Not much, really. Except the attention of trolls. :P
Crab cakes Benedict + Seafood Crepes + Stuffed French Toast + Bloody Mary Bar = Best #SundayBrunch in #Dallas!
And today shall be declared, "The day for tying up loose ends." I hope that works.
: who is starting at center?
sir I'm so done with your tomfoolery today
“: Hey guys. You can help today! Use #MKETwestivalCares & they get $1/tweet from !”
"I had a very specific idea for the Twitter account. I wanted it to reflect the mission of the magazine, to be a voice of...
It's snowing!
G just referenced Aqua Teen Hunger Force in
What an incredibly rough week. Haven't seen the gym in TWO DAYS! That headache must be withdrawl
hopefully because of Ovi not being there Neal will be able to go. he deserves it.
Come see me on Monday morning and I will be happy to help you and clear things up. I'll also send out a senior phone call.
Except all fans in
Been good bruh bruh, heard you doing big things playa lol real proud of you my boy!
In the Lion King, Simba was 4 years old when he saw his father die. That must have been pretty Scarring. #punny is a genius
seems like forever to get 20 more followers -___- i was at 2900+ for like 3 months.
Oh yeah, Shailene Woodley. Should've been nominated. I don't care if she has a whole career ahead of her. She was amazing in The Descendants
good to see you back on tv. Sports show is great
hope y'all enjoyed it, doesn't happen too often
#iLoveWhenYou hate, all it do is modovate
I does anyone else feel like they are being taken advantage of at there job bcuz comin in at 3am just ain't wat that iz.
It would still help you in 2014 if it's passed now!
Sometimes I wonder why the truth hurts more than a poorly made lie?
please, please, please, follow me?(:
Term paper due, but I got no thesis...falling into pieces...I will be back next weekend
driving to work some stupid person decided to cut me off..
ok. i'll add it to my list. for some reason i just started Anthony Bourdain's first book - "Kitchen Confidential"
Thanks so much!!!!
you missed and our crazy crew!
Hi Tomas, we are a virtual casting room that is in beta! Feel free to check out our website, you can find out all about us. Thx
A what everybody geting on tonite
Good god the 3 point contest is BORING!
Good news: The "Shame" soundtrack will only make you want to kill yourself half as much as the movie.
Most annoying thing ever
$3 HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS! Select local drafts, house wines, rail drinks from 4-7pm!
Me and gunna rock this presentation tomorrow!!! Lemme get a "WAY OH"
cow face
This Thursday is my Friday and I'm pretty F'ing excited about that.
Whoa, it's up? That was quick!
Why do things have to be so complicated!!
What albums are on your yearend list for 2011?
3 friends,..and I like them all!
I like David Macaulay's series on different "buildings" in world history-Castle, Cathedral, Pyramid. ...about an hour.
Yes. I experienced it on the Innerbelt bridge on my drive to downtown in Cleveland.
It absolutely did :)
Viber just gave me a notification asking me to send you a welcome text! So proud of you for making the switch :D
Shoutout !! ": the 1970 Jacksonville University team was an NCAA Cinderella long before anyone expected Cinderellas
Love, love, love final exams -- if someone makes money off of them. But if Pearson can't profit, what's the point, right?
Ok mom...that thing where you put socks in pairs, I guess were not doing that anymore
Just submitted to the 100% digitally - didn't have to mail them a single thing. 2011 is a beautiful thing.
I was HAPPY when she picked him. Then I was like Fuck now what once she turned
I guess I'll just watch re runs of true blood tonight :)
good luck to ur boys. Chomp Chomp. Beat Bama
doing the dance in my head. :-)
Wow, this Madonna chick sounds a lot like Lady Gaga.
we didn't think Casey Anthony would either
lol. I like it.
#Cole #Aldrich sent to
yes. just sex in general plz
thank you!:)
My brother hustled me and some regulars at pool last night at a Old Style bar in the 'hood... Good thing we told them we grew up in s burbs
The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).
Top secret stuff. Mainly ingenius ideas and racing old guys for donuts. You know just the usual.
What do you think about George Zimmerman's 2nd Degree murder charge in the shooting death of #trayvonmartin?
Watched Unknown w/ Liam Neeson last night. Action packed thriller that kept me trying to figure it out! He's always such a solid actor.
thanks for the follow, Linda! Cheers!
We are nearing the 50 mark and the day is just starting & that doesnt include any Goodwill retail drop offs :D
lol thank you mister!
…I would remind myself that grades don’t necessarily reflect how much one has actually learned, just how well one did the work.
It's on my Xmas list!
Ozzy Osbourne is trying a Vegan diet after watching Who would ever image. Go Ozzy!
Haven't had any Michael dreams since Derek came into my life...so weird!
Wherever he goes Im not going to leave. Im here to stay.I am SO happy for him he deserves everything. He deserves to live his dream.
Do your salon windows talk? They should talk about beauty, hair, tanning, nails, etc. Whatever it is u do, ur street windows should talk it!
#TheSaddestPart I wish I didn't wake up tomorrow.. #StraightUp #PrayersUp everyday. Pray 4 death all day, I hope I am here for good shit!
went to the eye doctor and have to get bifocals :( and they told me that my headaches aren't from vision so I have to go to the doctors soon
tomorrow is another fiesta event, King William, another that I go to pretty much every year
Today, I'm grateful for my department colleagues. We may disagree about matters great and small, but even so, we have good conversations.
its like you're surprised
follow me please ?
Be aware: If you shut a veteran with PTSD down, you might not hear the story again. #NECIRvets If you don't think you can do it, don't.
Always a good call to bring in Loe vs a lhb & with an ump with no low strike.
I know right she really is something else
RT : Q1 Mindfulness meditation has roots in Zen Buddhism, helpful for #anxiety management, doesnt need to be spiritual
tell him to pull the trigger lol
Have you tried Twilight Teeth? U.V Accelerated Whitening system that whitens WHILE you tan! $30 and receive a free tan!!
hang in there. Do what momma told you and all will be well
thanks for sharing it with us :)
"Killin the cynical vibes with clinical rhymes"
CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS
it is amazing!
I woulda called 2Pac westside but he did get around b4 landing there. Kurrupt also
Where is leadership needed? Everywhere. (Chuckles)
Thanks!! Yeah, I've tried all types of variations. I knew they were still alive per other documents I found..frustrating..
Working with sound editor Marika. We listen to some of the original takes. Incredible how much she had to fix. She even removed loud rain!
i wil put up some previews soon..
WHO IN SATOWN HAS AT LEAST 100 PERSON FOLLOWING AS AN ARTIST? LOOKING TO BOOK THE TOP ARTIST IN THE CITY. 210-823-9448
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
No. Seriously?! Hahaha RT : #ThatAwkwardMoment when beats me at something.
. and started speaking in incoherent sentence fragments. (2/2)
hehe, thts a good thing for me.technically it is for u too cuz u wont be abused
Yeah, I know rt. LOL But actually it was Chris Matthews who said it when talkg abt the POTUS. Arne dnt say it. RT :
you tricked me - for a second i thought there was a new pink carbon decal ;)
How much you charge mane???
Stay high
Finding out what people in the local market enjoy. It doesn’t matter what you personally like since you are not the paying customer!
he and I have the same last name, I used to tell people he was my uncle as a kid...not anymore...
Happy Easter !!! Can't wait for an amazing meal with the family ! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
- just noticed your question back from July, the answer is yes :)
you have erry reason to be positive my dude- you're many ppl's favorite MMA fighter bc you always throw down, & you're funny!!
good question! 'Do not get loud with me, sir!'
So what if they bandwagon?! People just mad cause Lakers lost & they getting swept
Call me or email for a signed copy of my new book age of the beast coming out late may thank u forbelieving in me Facebook @ twitter
taking off now .... morning. Muah!,and roger that. #prettysickgirlclub me too
so 98% of MUFC fans never been to see them play. You one of them fake Donny fans?
Winner, winner, chicken dinner
hahaha I was like wait what?
Enjoy your time in Cleveland. Stop in and see us!
Admit it, once in your life, you’ve tried to guess someone’s password & .. you failed.
A big thank you to the Delaware Humanities Forum for supporting DCCA's SUPERstructure Symposium!
Thats what up, whenever u need me Im already there, its gettn done.
In that case, they all must be thinking what I'm thinking. ;) Kidding! Sort of.
thanks for following! Hope you have a great Friday!
Why do you think I am on twitter?
Umm yes, yes, yes and yes! Sunday I'm all yours :)
I truly haven't been this bored in a while. What's everyone doing 2nite?
I figured as much...will have to wear my kevlar the next time I see y'all!
Class of 2017 .
I want the Giants to win as badly as I would if the Colts were playing
I did lol RT : My crack dealer started selling gasoline instead.
I love #FromThisDayForward yes :)
Ya boy Finna #Smash some Ham Burgers and French fries..not to long got off work and making it home...
This dirty ass bitch just tried to come for me..... don't do it is all imma say !!!!!!
Newt is very smart but unfortunately in a kinda vile, evil, despicable way.
Check out Fan Page Promote
: I love #superbowl commercials! What are your favorites so far?<<I liked the Bridgestone "Reply All" one myself!
even "you look nice today" means "You usually look like crap"
Ah the cowboys look much better this game
WOW. Thanks for that info, Facebook.
You know you're bored when you actually want to clean...
Jen Vernon-- performance opens doors to dealing w/ traumas
i love pink !
Yes...great article. If you are looking for other great hikes around Las Vegas check out www.LasVegasOutdoorAdventure.com
Movie recommendation is Samuel L Jackson in "Jungle Fever"
“: kinda but ETSU HERE WE COME!!”Hell yeah!
Kenny Chesney's "The Boys of Fall" may have made me a Country music listener!
Ready for TONIGHT #LALive. Come join the fun! opening!
I love Such a loyal friend and team member
Sorry sissy
YIKES! Don't you get 6 points for just getting your name right?
Nick Freaking Swisher go ahead 2 run jack in the top of the 10th at Camden yards!!
"You'll never be perfect, nobody is, people just have to accept you for who you are."
Former Muhlenburg North,St Catherine, and Southeast Missouri State star Dewayne Saulsberry is assistant at Laramie Co Jc.
Thx for the Mention
I'm not gonna test an iPad. Don't send me spam.
Best dressed...Michelle Williams & Rooney Mara.
you're at piratz tavern aren't you?
Surrounded by angry older people for the next three hours..exciting!
I fucking hate group projects.
Nice day in NYC I hope mother nature keep the heat coming
I feel like I'm instigatin lol
Athleta, the same company that has GAP, Old Navy, etc
it's ridiculous
Hope you all enjoy your Memorial Day. Rhonda says it's going to be great!
Crossing another sports movie off the list w/: Coach Carter. What a team of boys.
Good mornin everyone..don't waste ur life worrying bout everyone when u should be worrying about how to make history!!!
Cat: I'm not eating this. Me: It's tuna. Cat: This is *flaked* tuna. I eat *sliced* tuna. Me: IT'S TUNA! Cat: It's bullshit
I am officially obsessed with the draw something app. Anyone else play? I. Cannot. Stop.
I won't stop until I've made a difference.
What ingredients are in your favorite smoothie?
That's great! I know she was looking for an intern. I think you will really love working for her!
thank you! Have you heard the rest of the album yet?
Hey everyone, be sure to include us in your #FF today and we will do our best to retweet them all!
Great to connect, Aaron! RT : Thanks! #NowFollowing ~~> ...
I have no idea but I really want twin daughters like real bad
Yep. Watching.
When I get Jay's mailers I always feel like I'm just getting an email from a friend and not a famous person who's never met me.
happy birthday
Haa that's funny cuz I'm beating Weekend at Burnies And Jet Files through my Bose now getting lit looking for a fit
Nope, you can't have it. Forget About It.
Bron hasn't done that bad recently in the 4th
What is too much for #God? What can't He do?
aw cute
Happy birthday to <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088> love you <3
you know it's going to get better! We have ours!
Wally warms up his pipes next on TMD
its sunday, officially.. monday? school.
CONTEST! CONTEST! CONTEST!
Articles, tips, ebooks, ecourses and more...they're all helpful but don't forget to take ACTION with all your newly discovered knowledge.
Today is the best day for some Pozole , oh I want some right now . o:
What Ray Rice fumbled once in 2010 unfortunately it was the game against the steelers.
RT thank you for the follow, are we going to see you guys at the nra show this weekend?
haha. do you have GTA? when should I head down?
Omg when i saw this video myh jaw droped !!! some reasons is why i like asian people !!!
Hi Stuart - Thanks for sharing the message.
New international students are on campus for Orientation.
she might be cray too!
Thanks! We love hearing from such longtime fans :)
I'm just up cookin garlic rice w/ bacon.. Wtf is wrong with me lol
it's the shit. So worth it. I got bumped up to some exclusive free Zappos shipping, too!
I feel so geo aware.
#OrlandoMagic will need patience,poise and perfection to win tonight
It's our holiday surpise! RT : CAN't wait until December!
dude, I spent all day Sat putting together a Little Tikes playground. Never more explicitives uttered over a toy! Also exhausted!
Hi there! Nice 2 hear from u. I did have breakfast 4 dinner btw. ;) RT Ahaha.. LOL dj ;) RT Breakfast for dinner?
#daylightsavingstime2012 ... Less than 5 days away!!!!!
No sweat, no blood, no tears And if I tell you it's the shit Then BITCH THAT'S WHAT IT IS!
And the #sixers lose too. Great night for Philly sports. Both games we were in a very favorable position to win. Both games we lose
I hate when people smack their lips <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The speech my brothers right and left hand gave me tonight makes me hella proud, but I feel hella more pressure.
I just made a beat.... That I think might sound better backwards...
one of my favorite underclassmen
Get the bacon & duck fat pancakes at City Provisions sunday brunch. So freaking good!
Happy mothers day to the only women who loves wine and cheese more than I do :) cheers!
Love and War is a classic! Cant wait for the next.
yes ma'am I have fallen <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> such a pleasure meeting you tonight!
The hospitality spread is out and the frig is stocked, so now we wait for our clients to arrive here at Trilogy.
ILUVIEN(R) Receives Marketing Authorization in Austria for the Treatment of ... - MarketWatch (press release)
One lacrosse game down, one more to go!! Go !
#Surgery Tip: Make sure you ask your doctor all pertinent details about your surgical procedure.
True Life: I don't own an iron so I steam my clothes by running hot water in the shower
Thanks for following, Kalcee!
Me after gettin high,lml. i look tired.
bagel club in paccar commons. do it.
“: damnit clay your just too smart, the gullible ones believed it though :)” <333 you know how I do
New topic - E-400 users where are you?
: Three man city players and no dempsey on pfa shortlist.. If he were english he'd be a shoe-in.
It's most valuable player---not best stats---Braun has been more valuable...and amazing stats as well
You are the Love the dream appears in.
BONNAROO. If/*when* you are employed before her tickets are sold, count me in.
i can beat lebron in horse !
In the meantime I will break you off with a few other websites you should visit
Congrats Leah! It will be nice to see you on TV again doing what you do best:-)
is looking forward to a great Saturday, gotta cut the grass, and then off to a birthday party with the family...happy birthday Alex & Jonah
It is rightly said that the most difficult thing in chess is winning a won position - Vladimir Kramnik
lhh my beetch said she tan wit baby oil lhh ion play wen it comes to baby oil an lotion lhh
Progressives... Really
just doob it.
hahaha yep... nd we dnt like mean or bossy people
Again, amazing show on Saturday, and great to chat with you after!
Hoes in they mfing bras on out here. It ain't that damn hot !
I guess it's a real thing after all. RT Procrasticleaning.
“: Can you believe a grown adult feels good about making a living trashing kids.” they don't feel good about anything bro
One juvenile in custody. Not releasing name. Candlelight vigil planned for this evening. One death now confirmed. Prayers for Chardon, Ohio
Pod people. You know what to do.
i ovastand, its hard not 2 get caught up..and then u look back like "what happened 2 me doin my own 'ish"
It feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you.....
Starting to feel like the closer I get to my goal the more obstacles get thrown in my way but that just means I'm that much closer
Soaker! Damn auto correct!
13" Macbook Air with 128 MB HD. Video goes thru AppleTV/iPad so I passed on bigger HD. Couldn't make do w/ 11" screen.
Someone Trynna Cop Ah Gram ? Or Grams .
I'm pretty sure I'm never again going to do take-home midterms.
the party goes until 10pm. Let us know if you can make it! :)
A lil encouragement can go a long way!
I love getting new clothes
what's up big boy...how u been bro? Been a while...
caught you red handed
I was thinking about that actually
Made the team and the musical!
"Compassion frees us from all intensities of the emotions, or even of the mind. It leaves us with one affection...
Reds are made of a softer compound than the blacks.
if you remember editing HTML files with pico, you're really a
They're about ten bucks a month, generic, IF YOU HAVE INSURANCE THAT COVERS IT.
uhm,you need toget the fuck outa here . You'r gay Justin is not gay! STUPID bitch! Stfu &' stop judging. Damn.
Missing you! I hope you make a trip to LA in the near future. I would love to see you.
Should probably stop watching the Food Revolution. Had French fries *twice* in 1 week. Not what Jamie Oliver was going for...
T1: I love reading personal accounts that inspire. Funny is good. But authenticity is captivating.
You catch the Breitbart story on Obama?
You didn't read the article did you Bryan? The issue is the flawed strategy of OMM. How many do u think are secretly lesbian?
Well it has been a good run
no kidding. I think I got five out of the last time I did it, and images for maybe another five. And I think I did well at that.
I hate how the chat colors in #wordswithfriends are backwards on the #iphone :P
Ever heard of a "bob wow"? Best of the best, worst of the worst
Having a full battery, therefore I can tweet all I want >>>>>
or we can go both times lmfaoo
That moment when I ask my mom if I can go to a boarding school in Canada and she said maybe xD
Mo' studio sesh's today. This album is ganna define our genre
Manuscript Central (scientific article review site) never fails to frustrate - here's hoping some YC team puts them out of business.
Speaking of $JPM wtf is a "synthetic credit security"? Something you can lose 2 billion on in 6 weeks apparently
thank you! Feels good. :)
Your either a sheep or a wolf
Your icon is OMG.
sunshine + rain = confused
Multiplied it by infinity, take it to the depths of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
Today is World Autism Day...to celebrate, I am working with some amazing little boys who are diagnosed with it...
Who's ready for halloween?
Home SWEET home :D
you have the most obnoxious voice I've ever heard in my life
Last 6 weekends: SC, NC, IL, BC, NY, VA; next 3: LA, AZ, NJ. Tired.
Good luck this weekend. Hope that you crush the computer that you'll be playing against.
Man I missed him I'm so sad he never does ustream anymore and I missed it:(
An idea for a twitter game. Post the most hacky joke with the hashtag
Totally missed #dollchat tonight. Looks like snow tomorrow, so Mom wanted to go to the grocery store. Shelves picked clean.
Man, would love 2 "meat" u again -- met you in Maine 8 years ago, and have been a fan since taking monster all the way.
Yep! Not a problem. Give you a call tomorrow.
Just watched three drinks hijack a rickshaw...bucket list item
Recovery weekend for my left eye after PRK surgery. Right eye is next in 3 weeks. Then sayonara to glasses & contacts!
Will be missed RT : Just left newsroom for the last time as an employee. Thank you, everyone. What a great ride.
here's to the good people who've been stepped on, you'll find love one day
Looking for a new publicist...
congrats on new book.
We are beginning the first wave of closed beta testing. Are we excited? Does the pope wear a funny hat?
Thanks for the #FF. I am truly grateful for everything you have done and continue to do for me and #pilgf team.
Sorry I miss understood what you said, the guy on the left is John Landis and the guy on the right is Edgar Wright
thanks Rich. Appreciate it.
Note: The museum will be closed on Thursday, November 24 and Friday, November 25 for the Thanksgiving holiday.
Happy #RecordStoreDay! What's on your wish list?
Has there ever been a professional athlete that went from being so loved to so hated like Lebron James?
Thx Alex! RT : In the twin anchors really good ribs...oh and A scene from batman the dark knight was filmed here !!
i really wish it was friday night
sounds like a plan. Tomorrow is looking nice if you're in the downtown area at lunch!
why r u the only guy who understands this???
Also...add a little water.
Thanks guys for your kind mentions and RTs today and
i love you too angie
maybe the following weekend without Harry bear?
RT The idea of 's app threatens to prove Beuys "Everyone is an artist." Definitely disruptive.
wrapping up the semester as an adjunct instructor at Temple. Now if my role of student as Quinnipiac will end...
MANCHESTER CHOKE?????
not me that's lmao
too many cherry bombs? and cheese quesadillas?
I'm Always Gonna Be Here To Help Out A Close Friend<3
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them.
Thanks for the RT! I agree with you. Sweet potato is both pretty and yummy.
you can send me a press release to Thanks!
yeah it was at DFW, the line snaked around like 8 rows. I've never seen it so busy- must have been a bunch of flights at once
so jealous..
Those who have the biggest hearts suffer the most
God I hope so!
RT writing in 140 characters can be good practice for writing exhibit labels. Totally using this in future curator workshop.
Incredibly strong guy is wearing a t shirt that just says "I'm incredibly strong"
Traded, or he returns to KHL
Sometimes I wish I had kids just so I can do the shit she do so she can see how it feel
Who's watching some #playoff games today?
Q: Mindset MBAs bring to ?
Lots of fans representing at the #capsbruins today
I dome fuck wit niggas cuz niggas ain't loyal wen they see u eating they plot against u
Usher is the greatest male singer of our time?? He leaves no note or ad lib left behind. That man works vocally!
BBC radio. Going to my uncle's house. I don't wanna do anything.
The community is welcoming & warm. It's a productive language w/ great successes. Best at a hard set of problems,...
Waking up, just to start crying.
Nearby. For a wedding. :)
let's got to sunset lol
hope you make it by!!!
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing!
Ugh, love DC Noodles RT Utopia Closing For 14 Months on U Street; Stem, DC Noodles to Close for at least a Year
hahah us too!
Cant believe that was the first person I see when I'm back home
I have to remain calm ,cool, and confident. God give me strength
Scratch that, all the time
I'm freakin sore from all my body!
while ur taking a day off someone else is getting better
Damn these hologram concerts should go on tour.
No problem!
looking forward to meeting you Saturday with
Riderwood Lions Club Kicks-Off 'Stamps for the Wounded' Project To Provide Hospitalized Veterans with...
Doug Collins is trying to wear the Celtics down for games 3 through 7. He said just keep them running.
I'm glad my SF hotel reservation doesn't have to change…now I just need to figure out flights.
A new motto we're considering for FG: 'We're not out to change your game, we're just out to change your life.' Your travel life, that is.
I follow you, now :$
I get up at that time every work day...welcome back to the grind...
Muldoon road to Bartlett is safe to drive. Oklahoma is a bit icey.
enjoy the game! : )
I just finished my rehersal. What time do you get ouy of yours? I'm out at 4:30
shooting stars at 3 AM WUUT?
check out interview with brother Will Campbell at Simba camp 2011 and learn how simba change lives. Gye-Nyame Journey Show | Spreaker...
My parents are cool with you sleeping over the day before my birthday :)
Today marks the anniversary of my move to Chicago, seems like yesterday!
Put some more music on dis shit
You could head to the park and start one...we've done that before, always a ton of fun!
Walkin up some stairs and fat chicks crack in your face
Everyone needs at least one close friend thats a guy.
not #everyblackneighborhood can produce
‘Abdu'l-Bahá is at the Plaza Hotel receiving visitors. He speaks about the importance of overcoming hatred and enmity.
Maybe you should change your username to bcorrigan? ( And aren't you proud I actually know who that is? )
PLA-ers there are handout printing stations available at OCC lower level
wit up rika
Have you gone before?
how does your hand feel today? Hahahahahahaha! So sorry about that!
Adventure Landing is fun if you have kids. A little cool today but fun!!!
Thanks for the follow, Djamel!
really? What did he have, I'll make sure that we're checking portions better.
RT : In San Antonio. There is a club here advertising a night called "fist pump Fridays" and "rack city Saturdays". Wow.
It's official. Richmond is a fucking mess.
I love sitting by my window and hearing the sounds of tires violently spinning on the ice...
Edition Georges Chakra and Ports 1961 fashion shows were both great! Now time for Fashion's Night Out!
No way anyone who has "Cast Member of Real House Wives of OC" on their resume is a designer. Of purses. Or anything.
Just 72 more measly hours.
Bring our US Troops home from all foreign wars/conflicts
thanks for the RT!
Haha thanks :D
Off the Hoookah bayside tonight for Vers' video release party for Around the World!!! Performances by Lady M and Vers'...
A tough call to my boss tomorrow, but graduating on Tuesday!! Some crying then some happynes =)
Tweet #WTFIMP N ill email u a DOPE unreleased track!
I believe in you!
Please follow me I love you!
Making networked books ---> 'books move in invisible networks anyway'
Long Hair ? Let me Guess, you dont care?
My moms too worried about my sister to see whats going on with me . Guess she'll never know. No one will.
heat in 4
#LunchAndLearn today at 11:30am ! Today’s focus is on nutrition!
RT Sen : Saving #USPS while shutting down offices & moving delivery further from homes makes no sense.
Thanks guys. People can still register for #PetQuest until 5pm CST today. We'll play at 7:00.
got to my destination on farwell outside of early! come taste some tasty fresh juice--great deals today ;))
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein
If I was Yur Girlfriend ... ;)
Definitely make a copy for yourself!!! I did!
haha. Ok! So what's up?
just won the Writing Program Certificate of Excellence at #4c12! U of South Florida is *that* cool.
Just a question: are not all politicians "corporate" politicians except for Sanders and McGovern and...?
hey I have to turn in the raffles. How many you want and for the tv or coach gift card
Deepest Sender was very pleasant to use for posting one text-only blog post.
Yeah so true ": yeah Duncan has never played to the media. They are all pretty humble guys. That helps."
I listened to the game here in USA in portuguese. Great result. 97.3 WJFD Fall River MA.
Lane with a deep fly ball to the right field fence, two outs for Michigan. Runners at the corners, UW leading 4-3.
looking forward to the talk at Powell's tonight!
i want imagines can you do one of me plz thank you
with summer in full swing, what's on your MUST DO list?
#Heat game is a tad more exciting than #Marlins game.
Did Harvey go riot to get those. does he also know that he is not only white, but jewish? Wrong shoes man.
just slapped this nigga for spitting on him while he talks lmaoo
Tune in to tonight from 10-2am for Fri. Night Flava hosted by C-Lo! Dope beats to bump on your way to club or party!
hell ya u going to the beach today?
Would a #painting #company offering financing change your mind in hiring us? Let us know!
we wrote this song foryou, we hope you like it, we really do<U+2665>.
everybody i have a singing groupp called the the lol gurlz . tweet mehh if u like the name .
Sounds awesome! I'll make sure to keep my eye open for you on the show. :) Hope you have fun!
I need to cut down the amount of food I eat in a day by like 99%
yes i go to evans
He turns all of his injuries into strengths, that which does not kill him makes him stronger, he is superman.
makin a song called stuck not calin my boo anymore-Tamya:P
You can support envy protege by visiting the face book page "Envy Protege Designs" and pressing "Like" <3 thank You <3 Blessings
Never heard from about internship interview. Word is, in like, 5 months I will get a rejection email. Great. :/
Thank you!!
Nuggets Chris Andersen has been excused from all team-related activities indefinitely as he deals with the reported investigation.
I am sorry about Joe's sister. Have a wonderful time in Quebec and let's get together when you get back.
thanks katie!!!
Is it supposed to be a DC-3?
2nd retraction: APD doesn't refer to people as scumbags, but as "dirt bags". Overheard on radio scanner last night. no bullshit, no joke!
please reply/favorite/retweet this! <21 ;^)
Holy cow. Rob Lowe on Lifetime, with the teaser line "I'm untouchable, bitch." And, a mustache. A 1980's dad mustache.
I always thought gluten allergies were for idiots, but now I think I might have one!
Sat next to two hobbits at dinner!
Why should we laugh at you?! This is something serious.
The difference between a bitch and a whore: A whore will fuck anybody. A bitch will fuck anybody but you.
My dog is so lovely can't imagine waking up without her snuggling me!
thank you, and you as well! :)
#GreysonYoloTweet GREYSON DOES KIM AND MADI'S MILKSHAKE MAKE YOU GO TO THEIR YARD?!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> RT : I'm a Scorpio, that should explain a lot.
no one is at the library, including the people i was suppose to study with over 40 minutes ago
says how your library is funded & Board chosen should be on website
I'm lying in bed, feeling like I'm somewhere over Denver. The stars are out. Such a clear night.
That's what you do best.
Gearing up our promo guys & girls hoping to work with you guys for the awesome promo gigs! Drink smart!
I love how all you do is ignore me and then go off thinking everythings fine. #smh -_-
My boy Inge! What a game for him!
: Please no.
Josh Hamilton is all that is man... And I'm not even a Rangers fan. He hits baseballs real far and then gives the glory to God.
Your face. I like that shit.
Welcome Chris Albon from "ICTs Can Improve Governance"
40 years ago we received about 500 messages a day – now it’s can be up to 8000 a day. Lofton
sorry for the delay, you caught me checking in on foursquare and pinteresting
so true. I just seem to have a selective memory. ;-)
well i was seeing iif you wanted to go out! Haha. But hey i dont have your number anymore do u have mine?
thinks a park party is in order very soon. www.myspace.com/dubhelix
It's coo. I'm pretty sure that I'm one too.
Absolutely not.
Thanks for the info, Craig!
RT for #TurnToYou is dedicated to all the single moms out there:) make them feel special on #MothersDay <U+2764>x
I have a few of those! Hilarious
I have seen so many doppledangers(sp?) Around Beantown lately, it's crazy.
Um... Yeah, I dunno why, but Im crying from laughing so hard because Im reading 's tweets.
Boulder now up 6-5 over Fairview after a 5-run fifth.
"The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do."
OH MY GOODNESS!! SHE WAS CHEWING GUM WHILE PERFORMING ON THE VOICE! #goodvoicebutwhodoesthat???
Cher Loyd is a goddess...
LACDA is having their Eighth Anniversary Retrospective 7-9pm tonite; prints, video & interactive media 102 W 5th St
Good Morning Salt Lake City!
m soylent beans
Good morning all
Have you heard.... "He who wants milk should not sit himself in the middle of a pasture waiting for a cow to backup to him." Don't wait DO!
Sorry, we will not c u at the Cbus show. What other shows u do? What are the biggest ones?
lol he will miss prom
Learn how to get found online in search engines, blogs, social media
Comment I received on personal site (1/2): "Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in reality was a amusement account it."
OH NO!! I'm so sorry! Is she trying to make y'all do math yet? Just wait SHE WILL
not even kidding haha
sure.. Actually we have spring since march I think.. In july summer starts, in September autumn and December winter starts
no it looks like a pimple papi..not that bad!
Don't forget Tico's us open until 7pm tonight!
lol I wonder what will trend this time!! ;)
i got a where the wild things are ornament
The state of my mental health is proportionate to my beard length. And I need nose-hair trimmers, damn it.
Lots of our photos are awkward but none of them are funny.
I am so ready for summer.
please let me know your thoughts about my fedora/#pubmedia post -- i'm trying to figure out what it takes to make it viable
Uh... You're kinda late on this one for today...
If you do every day it gets better over time :-)
Cracked my phone. bullshit
I photographed 198 artists in 2011. Not a bad year...
we ain't scared of the heels. Jb never loses to Roy Williams
oh shit . i thought you only met them once lol
Hate to say this but I'm team this year on rupaul. Girl you best WORQ
Brrrr... What's with the weather today?!
Home resting.. :-)
man I suck at creating good ambient spaces in a mix. any tips from the pro's out there?
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together."
Happy Presidents Day! Spending my day off in the library working on my eportfolio... or pretending to...
Is it time to get your pink on? You can w/a win in the raffle! 2-$50 gift certificates from ready & waiting!
GoodNight!<3 OMFG! ALEX just called us his Loves <333 ahh' I just died (;
I think we can learn much from much from young people and social media from this region
Not from me. I regularly questioned all the hate. So counterproductive.
#5ThingsICantStand 4. The shows on Disney right now. They all suck..Im watching Kenan and kel and all that(:
hell yea bro you already know! Got this bubba kushy and its smelln musty
Italian week at J.S.Edwards. Join us for Italian wine tasting on Thursday, November 12 at 5 to 8 pm.
Agreed! Follow a face, not a logo on #SM via
Dear Ohio State, I believe in you! Make it (you don't even have to win) to the final and I win my march madness pool! I dream...
I just entered the #chicBuds giveaway. I hope I win!!
Why are people coming to Bj's in this weather <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
momma's day dinner: bbq rib eye w/ Benziger Syrah. Eat my <3 out!
Thankful to all that have served this great country.
It's finally Friday! Just a reminder that tomorrow night is my last night I'm taking a short pause in April.
ash ah yes....belmont...the bears....
ah, Saturday again. I only have one huge job today and then I am off to a BBQ to enjoy some cold beer and the UFC 100!!!
interesting! Does stock go up through drafts/wins/yardage?
Thanks to u know who. :)
used to be/we had eyes evanescent as the tide,/fluctuating at the whims of a tinfoil summer moon. vol vii. buy it now. www.polyphonyhs.com
Ha! Please, no reason to apologize. That was nothing compared to how much I talk about Skyrim on a daily basis.
solid after a shaky 1st set (you & were solid the entire time!), playing in a goddamn sauna
Thank you, did you try it? It was good clean advice after all.
Remember what it was like to watch football without the yellow first down line? Yeah, me either.
Lol! U don't drink kool-aid?
I met Ed Sheeran, Your arguement is invalid.
My mom is making me apply at her work. That equals waking up at 6 every day all summer. And filing papers and stapling and getting coffee.
will do - see you then!
that shirt is hilarious!
*Press a toy in the store* *won't stop making noises* Walk away, walk away.
As humans we tend to get so caught up with the"WHAT WAS" we don't pay attention to the "WHAT IS" Live In The Now.
Religion riskier than porn for online viruses: study
Editing pics and later will post at fb
we in tha studio smoked out
RT: Last day of !!! Come to the tent and make memories.
I'm actually watching a hockey game. What am I doing with my life?
Geez. Eff that. You anchoring the morning show or what?
Why is it that no matter how many you good plays you make, it's the horrid misses that stay with you??
just did. whatcha gonna do!? haha
Earthquake in the DC area. -- I hope you didn't have any damage. Stay safe!
Pressure cookers are fucking horrifying.
Im good! Im check cuz I can feel things sometimes. Reach out any time u'd like.... :)
Wondering what to get friends this holiday? Lucky you- is Taking the Black Magic out of Black Friday: bit.ly/sror2e (cc )
Waking up is the most awful thing ever.
father/daughter bonding while watching crossroads. he's singing all the jimmy buffett songs, i'm singing all the zac brown band songs :D
So special.
You know, London is probably my #1 place I want to visit.
A great reflection! : What gifts have you received during the day that you can be thankful for?
Good Morning!!! Blessed to see another day. Hope you all have a wonderful day. Be
#3wordsofAdvice don't call first!
waiting in the pit of hell aka in
: You have such a beautiful smile <3
How does James harden still not start
Just wooookeup. I watched 2 goodass movies lastnight,leftover pizza for breakfast,&heard that the night after new years..I'm still partyingx
“: you get decidedly mediocre haircuts RT : You get way too offended and angry about things.”<U+2B05><U+2B05>owned. Lol
Kinda thinking Tim brought some bad karma after his no show at white house. Karma Tim...ugh....
It's cold, dark... You need some #BaconWrappedDates to cheer you up...!
it's dry dry dry. And hotter than we hoped but it's not Lafayette.
they're beatable kilbourne went up 6-0 and from there it got ugly ended up 42-21
Lose with dignity!!! GO CITY!!!!
I'm looking for contemporary fiction that rewrites or responds to canonical novels. E.g. Jane Eyre & Wide Sargasso Sea. other pairings...?
gotta get you well for Convention. :)
Business Travel Mag Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Ik they are, they look crispy..I cant wait till mine come in..I was soo scared on the website tho lol
Don't wait too long to come back and visit. Until then, keep making me laugh with the updates.
I apologize for excessive tweeting right now, but I'm so hyper!
Some people need to be on beyond scared straight.
What is a 'Glee'?
k I will as soon as I get back home
I'm watching the same movie! #officespace Toggling between that and He's Just Not That into You.
ALL nigga's want is PUSSY !!! Lmfaoo mf.s begging females & shit Like wtf ! Nigga beat yo meat & get it over with! damn! SHAME!!! #TRAGIC!!!
Im not really into cowboys but sometimes a few make my head turn
Going to the mets at the giants tonight let's go mets hopefully this year I can see the full game instead of one inning
ALL NITE LONG....
Is H in preschool? My son's Montessori school is having a water experiment camp in July and I'm going to sign B up.
lol I see y'all foo
Don't waste your time on me, you're already a voice inside my head.
Tomorrow Night at Westerville; Into to Mountaineering at 6PM. Cost is $5; any questions, or to sign up call 614-818-3620.
Just realized if #Bobcats lose to #Knicks on Thursday, it would be 23 straight losses. Quite appropriate for a Michael Jordan team.
I miss my phone
For everyone who's constantly annoyed by 's success, he just got retweeted by Rozay. So i guess we can go fuck ourselves now
wow I would be so freaking scared lol
Gross RT : Reminder: Alex Rodriguez makes roughly $50K per at-bat.
i love your photo, just wanted to let you know.
ah okay :D I live in LA :)
hahahahaha dude we need to camcult
Our pleasure!
Open your heart, not your legs.
Now I wanna have 2000 tweets !!! Help me guys :D <U+2665>
NO! “: BREAKING NEWS: ESPN is reporting the Colts and Peyton Manning are parting ways.”
#Quartz verses #Granite countertops -who has a preference?
Technology is only as good as the people using it. - Brian Conley
IN Quotes: "Joy is your inner guidance system."
Who has a playstation3
What?! Why?! Scandal is THE HOTTEST THING on #ABC!
"It is not length of life but depth of life." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
She could kill me with her tits.
Coming to Vegas in a few weeks. Stay tuned for more details! RT NO! come hang out in Vegas with me!
Is it time to leave yet??
I come home in morning light.....
Incredible day for mid-March. Almost 70, sunny, light breeze. Even warmer tomorrow and our club opens for the season. Happy days!
Hater: "I rather die than choose Mahone.." Me: *Pulls out a knife or a gun* That can be arranged! :)
RT : #WhatWouldTomDo - Take a beating for a woman, not take women's rights away
thanks donna! looking forward to seeing u! :)
only people who follow both of us see this, or people who check your stream (really rare among most twitter users)
Orders are nobody can see the great Oz! Not nobody, not nohow! - Guardian of the emerald city gates, the Wizard of Oz
u have to find a way to top the Zepplin song, try Bad Co. Feel like making love in practice & others. U have soul girl. Sing!
it's not supposed to be funny
Loving Joyce Manor so much right now.
Finishing up the day with some tea and Mockingjay. Goodnight.
What Coach Beast just said! >>>>
Have to go make dinner. Would rather be tweeting :)
Still not too tired tho.
Feels weird not having Facebook now.
in my bedroom w/door shut, hear a few words of so sick in livinroom scream"i know that voice! Austin!"come runnin from room...
I looked at it yesterday. She ain't saying much.
Lmao I'm hilarious.
If you would rather just cover up your thinning hair, you can find an array of hats, scarves and head wraps from which to choose
omg i need some followers like asap including you LOVE UR MUSIC HOPE U SEE THIS
Man with carrots in his ears goes to the doctor, "Doctor, I can't hear!" Doctor replies, "You're not eating right." *badum psshht*
At Bay Creek about to get awesome..
Seems like her intention was molding the youth and scolding the brutes.
I enjoy cash back too. Major change dispensers at my gym.
I think you can make money improving hc or by maintaining status quo. We should call out the latter
I wonder who the first person to fly through a cloud was. What if some of them were solid?
How did you here about us? Where? :P
“I have identical twins, only 1 got Autism. Shots are a factor not a cause. Vaccines that use mercury do not cause autism
- i did? That's awful! I really hoped your bday sucked out loud.
introduce yourself next time your in and I will buy you a beer. Ask for Brad Todd. Did we find your card?
Sub for 4 block :-)
#tech2012 consumers have no clue what tradeoffs they're making because there's no privacy-oriented competition.
Wanna see a movie for FREE? of course you do, Show this tweet, get a pass for two to a preview of Wahlberg's new movie CONTRABAND, Jan 10th
A must for coaches and Thanks for free tips
AVOID girl!
ChiponDeals approved fare. RT : Bag of salty peanuts and a Bud heavy on the golf course for the St. Francis outing.
#ghlive Always, always.
I will let you know! ;) ... Love your music! cc/
gotta go..time to go sling some ink..gotta do this mon-wed..bouncing at the white horse lounge thur-sat..later
RT : In Charlotte NC viewing #slnsolsummit webcast! Hi to & all!
good luck in the race today!!
#CV Public Safety Subcommittee meeting coming up Wed. at 6 pm at Norman Park Sr. Center. Agenda: police staffing; banning 'Spice' drugs
Wow, Thanks for response. Look forward to see what you have in store.
Got an audition for a magician scene!
haha idk and the other was just a local Syracuse band
My boi got 8 years for mortgage fraud smh...I'm gone miss his thievin ass
this is all so very exciting! What was your fav part about paying with levelup? Speed?Paperless receipt? Light changes color?
I'm not gonna tweet y'all what just said!! CTHU
Watching "The Devil Inside". Totally making sure cute boy gives extra cuddles tonight.
So what is salad cream here?
Oh well
can you help me get followers? i have 12 :/
"The best investor is your customer."
yeah and it's his first art show ever...he definitely has a lot of talent!
haha no i live in wm again but all i have to help me during the day is my grandfather when he aint at the stupid club
Shut up and stop being passive aggressive over the internet this is a joke
Feeling pretty good this morning :)
Thanks for the #FF. Love what you post!
Julius, The Baby of the World by Kevin Henkes: Step off--only I can talk noise about my little brother!
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
whoever my customer service rep just was and just rebooked me, deserves high praise. Saved me from sleeping in DET airport.
Doing test runs on these Pillowcases again!! Anyone interested DM me! See pics in previous post!
Thanks for hanging in there. MT : A belated thank you to who brought dinner and to for a coat.
Any ladies have a good suggestion on where to get a good pair of jeans?
thanks for the follow!!!!!
Well, let us know if there's anything we can do for you. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
On the road again... West Coast here we come...
I loved the improved gameplay of Prototype 2. But damn, the game story's mind-numbingly repetitive. I'm talking auto-pilot. ()
Player Watch Marcus Knight senior guard for Gar-Field H.S. in Woodbridge, VA. Leading Gar-Field H.S. (22-0) .
thanks my camera on my phone sucks! Ugh
I also love that I'm "The Sultan of Smoothi" as if I go to smoothie places all the time :)
RT : Let's start this hashtag today #IHelpHomelessPetsBy ... making it my life's work to make our community a better place for them.
Governor Perdue released her budget which restores $43 million in funding to early childhood education programs.
I will keep your secrets.. your secrets are safe with me..
Saw John Carter today, it wasn't really a bad movie.
#orphans8 up next: Jaime Partsch presenting on the films made by Governor Jesus Pinero
Sapient Sync - A place to share interesting ideas - Sync Blog - Fire ...
the defund planned parenthood candidate? the no repeal of don't ask, don't tell candidate? the no on wall st. reform candidate?
hey love
Lol sophomore year has been the worst year yet
I want the lipstick or gloss u have on at the reunion please tell what it is!
Twitter just took offense to my spazzing apparently lol
#Bbl Getting In The Shower!
If you aint movin up in the world, then youre a bottom feeder, Its a Kold Reality, I hope you got a Heater
... and a bad day to stop sniffing glue.
Bull! L.A. is just full of plastic automatons. Everyone from there is lying to you.
Vince Lombardi~ Those who have invested the most are the last to surrender.
Yep! Saw your entry.
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the time he killed himself. -Johnny Carson
Brunch is served
When a box says "easy open" and I end up using scissors, a knife, a hammer, a gun and my lightsaber to open it.
At Fire on the Mountain having dinner with some friends :)
So the locals are acting like fools on Wisconsin lol. I need a camera
What flavor did you make?
#CincoDeMayo #caps game AND #KentuckyDerby all in one day... WOAH now. talk about
me too
Well captured. Thanks for the tweet.
yeh it is
That's great news! You are hot. I Love LA RT i'm back cali
Capitalism has ruined community, family and land traditions
I'm working on a story about a dead race horse.....So I'm looking for hilarious race horse names. Email them to .
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve.
I would love to get to know u better,your more then welcome to call or text am/pm 5038476149 my name is ireesha
soo sad nobody even bother to txt mee..i really feel the love:(
Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" and follow me? (: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You are blessed! RT : LOL!! mine are sleeping. :)
Following the high value Tweets from and
You're a great person
RT : Confession: I saw the Sex & the City movie. Question: How much did Abu Dhabi pay to replace NY as the "City"??
Praying for you tonight. God loves you and so does the church!
Last chance 2 win! Register 4 today 2 get entered for a free massage, baked goods, yoga sessions or subscription 2
Come help me celebrate tonight at 3rd and Lindsley with Mingo Fishtrap..
Good morning and good night......
Its Raining :) -A
Russell Brandt / Katy Perry. This makes me sad. :(
Thanks sister. It is and I am dragging. Appreciate you checking in today :) Hope you have a nice weekend.
but they said you got the wrong one baby, the new generation is pushing up some daisies.
I would honestly watch that show for the same reason! I love criticizing stuff like that too. :>
Hah! Early stages of building a syllabus, actually, rereading, sifting, sorting.
Hahah!! Hey Brandon Get Yur Ass Here In Cali!!
OH: LETS LOOK FOR #DTF TAG ON PINTEREST!
Getting ready to be a judge for a pageant happening tomorrow. Super excited!
Anyone in Miami have an iPad I can use for testing? If so, let me know!
I don't need a friend, I'm all about my kids!! Haha, they dictate my life lol.
Thanks for all of the recommendations (Foursquare, Yelp, Facebook, UrbanSpoon)! We DO read them and appreciate the love!
so yelling about your vajayjay in Michaels is good? U'r like a krazy Kardashian
#fourwordsaftersex Are you kidding me?
. just got his camera yesterday and has already made 2 videos. I got mine a few months ago and made none. I hate myself.
The person hit my car so hard that it's glass on type of my car from the mirror.. How you pull out my driveway that fast!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
We should talk about how to change this! I have lots of ideas!
Going back to the money
Waiter Shawn is too funny. Totally in the #end of world spirit. Wants to know if we are zombie prepared.
lol ive never heard of it either
Thank you!
Thx also to - much appreciated.
- Get out here to The Gym in Humble..Camby and others have been here checking out the H-Town Classic. Not sure about the ladies.
Of course they report the soldiers' injuries, & report it 1st. It's #Israel radio, that makes sense. But not ONE WORD abt the Palestinians?
Thanks for following us back and for your info-graphic.
It's all good though cuz I got a really soft blanket
What did you give up for lent? Honestly. For real. Really.
lol “: I didn't think Rick Santorum believed in pulling out.”
Her friend delores gets on my nerves everyday!
I been sick in the bed all day. So mad I missed it :( Pictures look like it cracked!!!
Talk that dress rite up off her body !!
want me to tell you a joke?
I lean towards never. He knows what's a stake here. Really disappointing. Not a Ross Perot degree of damage, but revealing.
Horrible start to 2011 campaign
wanna watch the with me tonight
M bop on
Big game tonight...gotta have this one!
if by "SUCKS" you mean "is the coolest girl EVER" then yes, I agree.
Who's
love u too..have fun
So true! RT A certain amount of opposition is of great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with the wind.
i see these niggas with the jaws on the floor over these bitches i kno and i b thinkin , only if he really saw her in person . lol.
Happy Children's Book Week #CBW and Teacher Appreciation Week!
Bugs bunny just rolled a doobie on TV
when you become famous dont forget to invite me
i wanna throw a natty light at a cop car
One day away!
Hi Connie, I'm a fan of yours from the States. :) I loved listening to you sing when you were tiny and i still love it now.
I feel bad for telling that bum to get a job now I regret it
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 17
Job searching to a whole new level today!
Happy Birthday Sweetie!
A True Blood, B Negative, please.
Daily update!!!!!!
Thank you, Lord.
Rob Dyrdek tries so hard to be funny, it makes me feel uncomfortable every time I watch it.
Reading for discussion on changing #media landscape. If you have any relevant articles or thoughts, I'd definitely love to get them.
If you actually want to see us why don't you come visit? Families aren't just supposed to have fucking relationships over Skype.
Instagram is getting annoying with this constant not refreshing thing it likes to do.
There's a hell in every hello. Be careful. There's a good in every goodbye. Be grateful.
for your sake i hope you where using some Mesquite in there so it smells like a BBQ shak LOL
There's a light you can walk in if you choose to
I feel pretty crappy. Yay for the side effects of benadryll! :/
+ spinach, parsley, half lemon, - the kiwi but I think that'll taste yum! “: Kale, green apple, kiwi @ what else?”
Adobe CS6 Release Date 2012: A Guide To The New Features, Subscription Plans ... - International Business Times
Much love given right back babe! :)
#Siri just quit on me. Something about to much dirty talk. . .
8 Mile is on TV. It's a movie. RT if you have watched this movie, or you are watching it, or you are aware of it. 8 Mile.
Xtravaganza EXCLUSIVE : Chelly - I took the night !! Right now on . Thx
Obesity is not an eating disorder, it's a body measurement.
we couldn't. Too much traffic.
Need a poster made for your movie? #follow for affordable indie & feature film advertising!
Writing a dystopian commentary on history for my final history project is ok if the teacher is a huge nerd and loves fantasy...right?
PLEASE tell me UR going 2 play Rita Wilson's album on air.Yes, Tom Hank's wife. Her label is "T.Hanks for the Awful Music".
It's getting great buzz. I'll let you know Monday. And I vote for Thor as strongest Avenger. ;)
For Black History Month the Heller College of Business at Roosevelt University Presents: Emmett T. Vaughn, Director, Diverse Business Emp…
wow! This takes the phrase ”don't fall in” to a whole other level...hahaha
We will be bidding a fond and temporary farewell to Mango Sorbet and Pomegranate Energy next week. Make sure to stop by and enjoy some!
If I disagree with my wife or another woman is that a "war on women"? Why is everyhing reduced to a"WAR"?Unravel this please!
Congratulations to Sorors and for successfully completing their McNair Research presentations today! Z-Phi!
I have a crush on the bass player.
*interrupts conversation*
Time for a morning hike
Brainstorming ideas for business/technology partners for a new math/science grant... Any suggestions/connections?
Happy Friday to you too! Glad you are feeling better...hope you have a fantastic feel-good weekend!:)
I have a gay project to do by Friday. gay.
This is gonna take longer than I thought.
Thanks to all of our friends and supporters who joined us for an awesome time at #spagdisco last night! It was a blast!
great chatting at #CES, it's nice to meet the real person behind the blog. I hope you are enjoying the show!
Sweet. Wish I would have thought of going. I won't ask you where you're watching it. Hopefully in St. Pete
“: Three #Preds goals have been over turned by the "officials" in the #NHL playoffs.” = BS!!!
That's true. Caro's book and videos are really helpful. And yeah Hellmuth should have >11 bracelets if his principle is true.
Only SA would get this hype bout Future coming on a Wed night -_-.......
doors at 6 leaving now
No fuck this
Be a best friend, tell the truth. And overuse "I love you". Go to work, do your best. Don't outsmart your common sense.
Great, I am glad you got it figured out! :)
June 25-July 4. So it's coming up this weekend.
Whoa, Jenna swore on twitter.
srsly? did u forget me? :(
Looking forward to the new year!!!
& so was Alex, doing the lean wit it rock wit it.
We were down in Chicago this morning and came home to an email from Colorado. That's what we call a water SCORE!
good one asssholesss
Your shows hve to be tight, a sloppy show just shows you're not ready.
He left me today.... I miss him.
Listening to a phone-tap
Everyone go follow
Person threatening to jump off 22nd street bridge in
She already thought geek when she married you. /
forever misunderstood---that shoulda been my name...momma ain't know
still lots of time playa.
Working hard with the CPCT crew! Gotta get this place ready to go for opening on Friday!
You bet, Phil. Can't wait for more chances to hang with you and the rest of the this season!
Ah...I love it when stuff works.
Dead tired all day yesterday, finally got my brain to shut off & fall asleep @ 12, but forgot to reset my internal alarm. So - G'mornin
Stunning that Boehner says we need to reduce uncertainty and in the next breath threatens a US default.
Hello, Thanks for joining me on Twitter.
I'm listening to
Having to pee but not wanting to get up <
I like that :)
holy shit dude it's already hilarious
": One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. - BM"
Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there except tina fuck you Tina and your bratty kids.
Should I finished the hunger games book or wait for the movie? I have 30 pages left..
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Children's criminal conduct is dealt with in the civil Family Code, and in civil instead of criminal court.
We need to do something about all this rain!
Yes, we call it in a script if you don't want it on the page.
Less than 24 hours till the official date release for the 87th Annual Diplomatic Ball! STAY TUNED!
True. Maybe that's a separate gift from GTTV since it was mention on their show? Don't know who we should contact about that.
yes :( I've had the worst fever in my entire life the last 2 days, haven't eaten anything since Monday, and I can't stop coughing.
haha;p I should do it sometime!
Boston is the best city on earth!
*sat in traffic
"We are told to remember the idea, not the man, because a man can fail but years later, an idea can still change the world.".
#ireallywant to flex flex flex *waka voice*
worst.joke.ever... And yet I still chuckled
Duty says she's 'strongly considering' running for DA
Think I need to change my background.
Are ever coming to Seattle?
Sirens, SWAT team, sniper, standoff...#tenderloin living
Up til 2:30AM taping auditions. Coffee, you are my only friend.
1/22/1777 to J.P. Custis: I do not think that any Officer since the Creation…had such…difficulties & perplexities to encounter as I have
yo that bitch looks like Skrillex
The reception on #WBGO from Queens only improved marginally with the new antenna. Is there a problem?
i did good and just finished this awsome cat drawling im putting it up on the wall now i will put the cat picture up in a little bit
Easy there, babe ruthless...
you got a massage??
Home sweet home
wait YES!! Elvis Presley did, he even married her.
RIP DONNA SUMMER and thanks for the music and memories!
FYI, I went with Chocolate brownies and Alain LeFevre's Cadenza LP.
someone say Disney? Love it there.
any place to watch the presser?
“: Sunday is off to a great start. Epic follower add in #stayclassy” - A true Gentleman to say the least
What ’s in your Wallet
and if it's up to $25, can you order 2 things? One for lunch and one for dinner?
If you wish to marry suitably, marry your equal. Ovid (BC 43-AD 18) Roman poet
I guess I don't visit enough... I can't tell the difference.
Talented Mickey Rourke in Conan The Barbarian, opening this weekend... who's going to see it? SpeedReels likes action... and talent.
this is VERY surreal
my read it later for tonight... nice record for Mr. Jeter and the Yankees.
Seeing great examples of how text-mining can save lives (by finding associations & possible risk factors in literature aggregations)
Woke up twice last night. 1. A tiny earthquake. 2. Matthew texting me about partying in King Louie's hot tub. Wild night for planet earth.
I love Berlin because everything is on time. It's so much better than U.S.!
we are going as best friends! I lug you too beat friend! ;)
Oral Health affects overall health. TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR HEALTH! Get the best oral care SYSTEM: Paste & Rinse work Together: www.closys.com
Ate at for the first time with egg/dairy/peanut/tree nut allergic daughter, using allergenmenu.com. Excellent experience!!!
Colossians 3:13 --- Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgives you.
Forever and ever
#Pineda a golden sword; the #BlueJays a tray of radishes.
Happy first day on the new job and !
YES!!!!!!! Come grab a burger if you want at the sig house
YES!!! I totally do this!!!
I'm coming for you...hope you still have Duvel glasses left.
good luck and have fun!
Tuesday? #tuesday!
One Direction free show in London wut wut iTunes festival say wut now where when why how.
she is lying.
Unease Mounting, China and U.S. to Open Military Talks
FAQ sections tend to be über useful on mobile sites
Who else wants my 6000th tweet ? c:
Kate, please tell Starr so she can shut the hell up!
Mother's Day is coming up! I want to thank all the mommies who have loved us from day zero. You are
Breakfast treat for Desperately Seeking the Exit: VOICE CHOICE in and RECOMMENDED in Good Odds! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0085>
Watching the Big Idea with host Donny Deutsch! Then I go nighty-nighty!!
What is the cross for me today but the death and disappearance of the very thing I thought was good and solid? 1 Corinthians 1:18-25
Audience question, what about #rent #inflation? It leads to instability.
#tweetupbash Good to see you Robby!!
Looking forward to it. MT 12p Sunday FOX: to talk abt the controversy over R-rating for "Bully" documentary.
Ikr some fuckers just make me smh big time
you're gonna look gorgeous! Love you! :)
The devil
Bazooka Joe (aka Corey Hart) with a nice grab in chilly Wrigley Field
Had a wonderful birthday . Thank u dad for my car . And thank u lord for my healthy daughter
Watching the rest of this showw then carrying my ass to sleep.
Lol he doesn't get it RT : I'm Ignoring You, Why Do You Keep Writing Me On Facebook And Calling. .
Thank you and yeah I will have a great weekend! :)
Just layed in the tanning bed and got back out and about froze. Its so cold!
back to the grindstone, lunchtime pushed back a couple hours today.....looking forward to a date with final cut today though
We love him too! Thanks for listening!
It's amazing watching you follow your dreams and end up on Ellen today :')
Ball so hard doctors wanna find me
welcome back and good recovery.
has anyone proposed a netflix like streaming channel with indies teamed as content suppliers?
"Tweet It Now" is TONIGHT at 6:30 pm at Studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 non-members. Refreshments at 6:30, talk at 7 pm.
Nicely done, Juan - congratulations on getting LBJ's 'graph & a pic w/ !
Honoring Elouise Cobell as a Woman of Distinction Business Award
haha indeed! If I wasn't working me and prob would be too!!!!
Yeah, sorry about that. Apparently we didn't brew enough last time, so we have a double batch of T20 in tank now.
where is mine?
The Next Big Thing Sits with The Man Behind The Shades in NY. Country Music's American Anthem , Press Kits , and Epks available
#screams cucuiiiiiiiii and giggles
If you really knew me...
RT : #Taurus likes you better if you are patience and considerate.
Happy Martin Luther King Day! Celebrate with our half price gourmet beef burgers and happy hour specials from 4-7pm!
Yay hope you do well! #mamavation for days!
Thanks for following back! :)
Great meeting you last night, too! You have a great organization. I'll tell all my lady friends to join.
I think you tried TO HARD get over yourself
That speed Boat knocks over here!!
My God. Cotto
I love Georgetown because of the people. I feel that I am in a community with people who understand me.
Kevin Smokler "You have to determine what's unique about your space, and it's not the fact that you sell books." #toccon via
... Roger Clyne & the Peacemakers are one of the best bands in the world. Can't wait to see them at Water Street next month.
That's a good idea but we feel like benefit shows should be more important than just helping us earn money to tour.
I'm cursed when it comes to relationships, I'm serious. Someone rub an egg on me or feel free to throw holy water on me in public.
. < what attorney does that?
I need to start using this more.
sorry we're going to miss you for the show! Hope we get to see you in soon for something else.
You are a woman of infinite sense and wisdom. :)
i love denim. and today I realized how much it pains me to not be allowed to wear it to work.
What Am I supposed to think now?
Sat, see u there....
Do they let you take bags into Citi Field?
I say give in
I half know the feeling =)
It’s gonna happen, so keep ur seatbelts fastened, ignite the passion and keep on jammin’!
Gearing up for the #Stlouis #Halloween10K hope to see everyone there, you won't want to miss our costume.
Totally right. Romney wasn't the reluctant hatchet man in an otherwise benevolent org. Bain's purpose is vulture capitalism.
you should try gold bond.
I swear I just saw a woman with a full-fledged beard & I almost tipped over my glass of water I was so surprised.
I'm nOt sure what I like cept beer :)
LEARN from the tear that follow
I think he though he fixed it with a tube of caulk. But it's a lot more than that. And he didn't disclose any of it.
Before Google, there was memory.
Heading to Post45 Conference in Cleveland/RockHallofFame this afternoon, crazy weather permitting.
Go see WAITING FOR GODOT at IUS this weekend! There's a show at 8pm tonight! Student tickets $6!
The elder Coram has more issues than a newsstand. Perhaps more than me.
GIANTS WIN!!!
What galls me is, due to an inept police dept.,the only way Zimmerman can be convicted is the jury ignores the lack of evidence.
23 days till #coachella!!!! can. not. wait.
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein
We're having technical difficulties but are working on it. We hope it will be back up soon.
And meireles makes it two! Let's have everyone suspended next weekend score eh?
I'll RT yours if you pl RT icarefhs.com We help the Dev. Disabled reach their self determination goals.
Yeah, this week stank. Mainly it's been tech breakdowns that I cannot do anything about. I just want to cuddle w/ my Kindle
Just bout' to lay down, listen to music & murder these crackers Lbs!
I disagree with the placement of Vonnegut, who I frequently find heartbreaking, but check out a Venn diagram of great writers:...
*Words may show a man's wit, but actions his meaning.* - Benjamin Franklin
Hahaha! RT : Joel, my 2nd-grader: "I've eaten dog food and it's not as good as it looks."
Happy Mother's Day!
Everyone has a twitter now >.>
...thought it might add some complexity, hope it doesn't come back to bite me in the ass tho.
6 am CST tomorrow morning. Hold on to your cowboy hats. PB lineup announcement comin' atcha!
Just one more day! I cannot wait!!!
Going to infusioncon tomorrow, who's with me?
Best wishes for tomorrow. You will rock it. Get some sleep tho; you'll want to be nimble.
Does anyone have a history with afterschool and youth outreach programs in Baltimore? I'm looking for info on what's worked and what didn't
A normal woman!
I'm just playing calm yourself!
and yeah last night was a good indicator of how well he's shooting it, what kind of shape he's in and how athletic he is.
“ Keep fighting the good fight everyone. Hold on to your dreams as you make them come true.”
hey easy on the Noles! A lot of good conservatives from FSU
Don't forget!! Misplaced Comedy is on iTunes!! with like 10 CDs to choose from!
Good Morning :) <3
Content with everything now. Content with whatever happens tomorrow. #content The Lord blesses me in so many ways and this is one of them.
good to know! Thanks!! Last time I went to see a movie at IMAX, was LOR I. They screened it in regular size there. Very bummed
Go Trio hit last nite, w/Sean Gough & Doug Hirlinger. What a blast!
Then you know who to call when you want your dry-cleaning RT : Someone just ask me what if the bring in Jermaine Gresham
hm MT : Gen. Ri Yong Ho, symbiotic w/ #KimJongUn since '10, leaving for Laos. To be crass: is anyone betting on a coup?
Art is collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
why would you pretend not to know what robo cop is?
hahaha omg you're telling me
Hi,Its Victoria!
playing like an All-Star tonight
nAsty!! I still got that image in my head
...i just realized i completely skipped guitar lessons friday...
It's too damn foggy out, I almost got hit twice this morning smh
Douglas Thomas on imagination: is an exercise in world building - what would the World need to look like to accomodate the idea?
Me too * grabs Pink oil moisturizer* RT : Time to wrap my hair
ASU devils unload bus @ west side hotel- beat some Bucky
I shot a ton but it was so dang dark don't know how many I can recover.. Will make sure you see then and give you a couple for
Mr market doing it's thing. Rotation through a correction. Short positions should be expanded. Look for price dislocations.
Two interviews down already. Tax day is tomorrow, April 17. Franchise #Tax Board.
I done herd it all
hay I like much better too hawever there has to be some down time
Thanks for the RT How are you anyway????
The one person who always says they will get the next round and never does
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host. David Letterman
Thanks for "not *too* evil" LOL!
I'm so excited, I finally got to agree to learn Gaelic! We've been trying to decide on a language for years!
Best of Detroit Event by Hour Magazine at The Sound Board June 22nd, 2012 Tickets $85.00 See you there!
Happy Valentines day! I love you, do you love me:)
RT : Download local concerts app for iPhone!! It's free! And yes it DOES list local band events. Rad! Support local music!!
#3WordsForYou You mad bro
“Tea is drunk to forget the din of the world” - T'ien Yiheng
We're signed up! Thanks for the info on the new network-only option. (It's for a Nissan Leaf, btw)
tears in my eyes LOL I need to get Cali soon
The enemy is a coward. He will attack you without mercy when you're most vulnerable and try to DESTROY your life.
I was in a little wine shop in Midtown NYC looking for your label. No luck. Where can I find you?
i loved the video. thank you! <3 i really hope he sees this!!
Drinking alcohol dehydrates the body, including the eyes. Dry eye symptoms are much more likely to develop if you drink alcohol excessively.
LOL that is so true! Love it
Witness to Hunger Angela: If you are a human being you have the right to food.
Peyton Manning gets 1.5 a month, and had NOTHING to do with yoga pants. Life is a joke!
Ron Artest shows that people dont EVER change. Dirty, stupid, dumb play. Just when he starts playing well, he costs his team.
You deserve a cookie!:D ": Woohoo I did my geometry homework all by myself this time! :D"
Bologna Sandies make for Happy Time.
You're welcome and thanks.
My whip so sick, I gotta take it to the hospital!
Love NBA playoffs.
I wanted to say your my role model and I'm going through my boyfriend being locked up due to a rat RT back please
u have an amazing voice!!!
Always Keep Your "Train Of Thought" . . . Don't Crash It.
tonight we done, in San Diego!!!!!!!
I am helping at the Kick It event and just realized I went to school with your kids! Can't wait to meet you!
don't trip cause I believe we will see more of him real soon.
Charging Rodger Clemens for lying to congress is like arresting a woman for flashing her tits at a stripper
Look at Romo's numbers? Watch him play? Only QB besides Rodgers last year to throw 30+ TDs with 10 or fewer ints.
One of the best things in baseball is listening to Vin Scully call a game.
I successfully modified PHP code today
Call me weird, but I really really love going to college fairs.
The last week of classes!
So is everyone waiting in line on free comic book day like me!!! \m/
Send em my way I love Goldfish!
I think the smell last night should have been called "patas a lo Maximo" lmao
lmfao me to and finish my speech (;
I have never hated road work more than Ido right now. We should have been at the hotel and in bed by now.
thanks for following keep making great music
For her 10th bday tomorrow, has requested mini mint chocolate cupcakes in the manner of Might be beyond me.
The Diet Snapple Half n' Half commercials worked on me...it's my new favorite beverage! WTF!
I can't believe today was my last day at Bailey Gardiner. Thanks #BGSD for the amazing experience!
Thanks to for sponsoring the parade again this year! Park at the mall for just $3 during the parade on Saturday!
hahah i think he was :)
Why do people think a bar is the best place to bring a baby? Shut that little bastard up while my game is on!
I really need to get back into #Modeling & #Dance before its to late. I need to get over this #Shy bullshit.
PB&J or banana and peanut butter. I think the flavors of an actual snack would be great! Also, baked cinnamon apple sounds good.
Good morning Atlanta! Tell me, tweeps, what are your favorite places to eat & drink in this fine city?
Betta take 'em til they gone. The last pills kill the strongest infection causers that keep hangin on & won't die.
Ain't going down till the some comes up.
gets mega points for including a slide graphic from "better off dead" UXIM
look at you back on the twitter train!! I'll miss u next week!!
From #Texas' Rivals board "we had a specific request from Torshiro and his coach to put a note out that he's sticking with LSU.
We are doing things with that have never been done before. The stream crossing is exponential.
at the store... Save me sum 2
No Budget from Dem Senate for 3d year. So, again, no spending/deficit plan. Absolutely unamerican. You Dems should be upset-- but aren't.
yes, but I can't wait to get a cut. My ends are fraying so bad. I think it is from turning on the heat on today too.
There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half
Wiederholungs are DONE! Now to do this German Translation article project.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever (Hebrews 13:8)
is home ice that important w/ faceoffs? Feels like Caps are winning a lot more than last game
VOTE TODAY... VOTE DEMOCRATIC TO PROTECT YOUR RIGHTS AS WORKING MEN AND WOMEN IN ILLINOIS.
How did Bynum get so old?
Good morning Angel!
Never sweat. Don't regret it. Just move on & forget it.
Looking forward to the lunchtime performance at
Thank you for the RT! Have a blessed evening!
Lady Gaga is shutting out media because she wants to "get rid of the noise" creating time for herself to focus on her next album.
"OMG did you get BRACES?!?" ,"nah I just decided to chew some staples..."
is brown rice as healthy for u if u cover it with gravy?? that's the only way i can eat that stuff
smile. it is the only thing that makes your eyes shine, while there about to go watery
scared money don't make money. I spend it
I know
Not at all. That's so wrong. It's really unfair how MH is viewed.
Ronaldo is so good...when he isn't such a diving beeoch
can you follow me?....pretty please with a cherry on top?(:
I like
Just rode by where the notebook was filmed.
Next time if my husband is at home while I'm still alone on the road till late at night how?? Unless my husband drives me lah *hint
TY again, Ian. I'm off to sleep.... g'night
SIGNING OUR LEASE TODAY.
This girl tried to fight me yesterdau because I said #TeamnNoHair .. Um , Bitch You got hair STFU !
In the grand tradition of Des Moines young professionals, soon I'm going to be leaving The Greatest City in the World and moving to Denver.
Just finished a discussion with Neel Kashkari, former Asst Sec of the Treasury, on the famed Lehman - Merrill weekend in Sept 2008. Wow!
he has toned down and doesn't do party pumps before the game. Ha.
Hi ME thx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I'm thinking breakfast lol
hoping maybe one time you'll see my tweet ;) love you!
The 2009 Cuvee Julia is now out in limited quantities. Fit for #Presidents, kings, queens and anyone who loves a great grape!
Being a Floridian i'm definitely on the"Tampa Bay Lightning" bandwagon as the Eastern conference finals start Saturday,Good luck Bostonians!
lock it in. AND - we get to speak on PST! Are you cathcing up with Rob?
Dear god! Word got out that the lanyards were available and thousands of librarians swarmed! I was scared and I may need to be held.
I guess I'm not sold on the effectiveness of passive ads (i.e ads I'm shown without having taken action to show intent)
Heat win 102-88...Sorry Lin not in this house.
Never fails: As soon as I turn on the music and dive into a task, I get interrupted with questions. It's a wonder I get anything done ever.
But probably not.
lol me too but I loved it at first and its what sparked my interest
Hi I'm working on a story and trying to get in touch with the PR dept. at Pumpkin Patch. Can you please refer me to someone?
Looking forward to lunch with you conference not only bc I am a big fan, but I'm hungry!
Nice win for my heat 2night let's go playoffs is so close
I- I love you like a love song baby<3
Wow, 18 hits, 12 runs and a loss! Sorry about that Red Sox.
Agreed! Tools can be used for good or bad. Certainly we've seen a lot of good. Interesting how it's used on both sides!
#Don'tBeScared To Be Smart! :)
Weinstein Co. documentary Bully to be released without rating: Bully documentary's unrated release doesn't deter..
Well whoever wrote them for us to pick is stupid as fuck.
thank you and can you please follow me
New bio the old one was getting to old and boring!
Hard to fly w/ those tiny wings RT : Weird thought of the day #16: Cee-Lo making snow angels.
You know you're in love when you take the longer way to class even if it means going up two extra stair cases just to see his face
so happy to have spent this morning talking to middle schoolers about applying to college! it's never too early!
": RT : I haven't watched the avengers yet! Wtf:(((("
“: Hung it up in Crofton Library too!” Thanks!
Great job done by today. I changing my job title from personal trainer to 'movement therapist'
To manage stress, the ultimate goal is a balanced life, with time for work, relationships, relaxation & fun. Have you achieved this balance?
watching baby boi damn tyrese fine
Saw Bob Marley doc, surprised to learn he did not have African-American following in the US. any insights, ?
So sunny and hot and me working :( I was supposed to be on the bÉach right now lol
“I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.” - Steven Wright
Yowza! Don't get between them, please!
Good to hear...I think...was kinda fun covering for you last year! ;-) How's it going? RT I should b back on my game!
Damn D.Rose is so tight, Made a buzzer beater into halftime!
I'm so excited and looking forward to a completely fresh new outlook on making music!
Just added #socialjustice to the Twitter Hashtags category and "Social Justice" to the Higher Education category. Thanks!
I want to meet Romeo Johnson !
Just woke up days are getting closer to my party that I'm throwing so stoked!
Happy mothers day! .... Makes me think: who was the first mother fucker?
of course ;)
bitch you not following me i am going to beat your ass when i see you hoe
Finally!!! Mad Men tonight! Yes.
omg everybody pray that I find a dress here
NOPE! I won't fall for that!
Thanks, our teas are carefully chosen by our tea experts, and smells are free at our Store ;-)
Thanks! Shout out right back at ya!
Who sucks more? The assclowns who follow to promote the creepy #Justhookup, or the No-talent-assclowns who say "follow for 1,000 followers".
Hollywood Hollywood city of dreams... :)
LOL, I should get one. Although my cat is pretty stealthy during storms. I'd never be able to keep him still to put a shirt on
Thank information would have been useful hahaha
I could make some excuse, talk my way out of it. There’s still time.
I am still looking for models for the L*Space Bikinis & Martinis Trunk Show this Saturday! Email if interested:
- is there an easy way to look up UK case citations? Having an awful time of it.
"I don't know what's up with Lebron's teeth. Was he eating some ho-hos or something at half time?" NBA announcer. LSHMSFOAIDMT!
Congratulations on Color Guard! (:
Wishing you a blessed Palm Sunday!
lmfao I liked your green sweater ;) lololol
You back here?
yea just keep talking about swedish meatballs
yeah it better be fine! (;
we love what you bring to the world!!! Thank you for being you!
aw thanks! Miss u!
Camera Fun Time: shoot the Riverdance! Chest out, arms at your side, & kick up those feet! Some people will surprise you! Shoot rapid or vid
The first step is admitting that you don't have a problem.
Do you need Air Conditioning service In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Have a great day!
This saturday is the first official #teardropbookingshow feat. , Foreverendstoday, tigress COME OUT!RT!
I want McDs
i got $ on liaison, and DAddy Long Legs!!! (lucky number is 21 and the #s are 20 and 1 :)
RT : Be sure to follow the pro athlete who lives his Christian faith
CEO is discussing the importance of building a better user experience
go to bed!!
thanks babe :)
Saturday 12-4 Family Art Day at HQ!! Fun, food, music and ART! We will be painting canvas, painting faces and everything else imaginable:)
Hungry for a new #AssociatedPressStyleBook. Mine's from 2006. The latest available 2011.
working on making some dreams come true today!
to all the women in this whole wide woorrrrld....you're the only one i ever loved
yeah, uhh, i like that. And bumnett almost copped me a W.
I would much prefer a hologram of #MCA than a hologram of 2pac.
Hair tied Chillin with no make up on. That's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine but if we defer tasting them too long, we shall find that
my extended family was in the tornado warnings in southern illinois~
When poison comes on my kids go crazy....lmao love em
Expedia is awesome, helped me cancelled a wrong flight I booked.
I want hot chocolate and a soft pretzel, someone bring me one i will give you $$
yes im so mad they didnt get it on camera :(
The Pulse Presents Tech N9NE in Concert May 21st AT Marquee Theater!! Text 9 to 98336 for your Tix!!
This is the worst display of officiating I have ever seen. How is that not a high stick against #Ottawa. Very weak calls against
OK. new yr. Feb is the month of <3 so i suggest to check out lovejones, brownsugar, poetic justice and love and basketball!
ugh, i can't find a fooking talking vocaloid to save my life, im just gonna move on to scene three
#6 What is the total cost of this work-at-home program, including supplies, equipment and membership fees? What will I get for my money?
I'm bored. D:
Rodney/Sasha Glassman: create community childrens book
Never apologize for how you feel that's like saying sorry for being real
I would have the leading authority in identity restoration prove someone stole my identity and clear my good name for me.
#nowplaying Gotye - Making Mirrors. I'm loving their sound!
You know what's good? Half a cinnamon raisin bagel with peanut butter and apple slices that's what!
Having smart and productive thoughts. :)
NETWORKING TRIP!
so u think everybody aint different ?? explain
Packers Gone Win 2Morrow.Its Problems Bitch
Q2b) a. no money b. no experience setting up c. can't get most to do Twitter, IM, FB, how will they manage VW?
New updates coming soon, keep reading!!
I really don't its 3:26am Tay what else is there to do lol RT : Victoria ain't got shit else to do I swear.
I'm at the game. Looks like they partied a little too hard last night. The problem is that the Warriors don't miss.
Enjoying some Buck-O-Nine "My Town"...great band by the way =]
I think it's time to hit the hay!! Bye babes!!
: I missed your message until I got back to the hotel. I thought thatyou just accepted a rather enviable position on the west co ...
We're home but headed to the CM for a beer. Join us! If not, can you please place the key under the same plant? Thanks!!
In honor of #iubb the is playing the Jock Jams cd in it's entirety! //
Yaya I'm so glad! You guys r gonna kill it! Ily guys to death Wish the best of luck- Karina<U+2665>
My type of jokes.
Even if the sun falls, I hope we don't lose it all.
I'm sitting here watching Manu Ginobli and James Harden is Manu Ginobli.
this is offensive to guinea pigs
I'm so uncomfortable right now. Ugh
Seriously tho. She walked in, grabbed a random, and sucked him into her sloppy-makeout blackhole until he lost his soul.
Placed second in trivia with . and we didn't win anything. What a load of bull.
Can't decide what to see ! I could just save up for
tell me about it. My internet here disconnects like every 10 minutes but there's nothing we can Dp about it cause its in a
Demi Lovato is my inspiration.If you judge her your judging me. She saved me. So haters fuck off.
I work in one of the best mix rooms in NYC, let's work on something! Get at me
Adventure travel in #SouthAfrica for sure: safari at Adoo Elephant Park, zip lining in Tsitsikamma
It's a hunter rainboot kinda day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's National Donut Day!!! It's like Christmas for your tastebuds.
The England-Germany game is awesome, but it's also incredibly sad. That's one month I wish we could have skipped.
Last night it is a blur, lol
my boyfriend looks really weird in the picture he just posted on facebook! should i tell him i don't like it?
Hey bud can u tell me when the ep featuring the guys from kybigfoot will air?
Going to bed. Have a great night everyone. See you tommorow
Can't wait to see you Jesse! RT : HEADING TO RELAX @ SKYBAR! HIT ME UP! Yes plenty of bottles....
Dinner & a movie > Enzian Theater! ;)
Going to see at the MSU ballroom at 7pm tonight. Pioneer. Gender binary revolutionary. Transgender transformer.
Next week-pick up final sound mix-Sound People are very very cool
lmao shut the
"Patients" r economic entities (their insurance policy) & TEST SUBJECTS; as medicine= "that worked 4 a while on this group"
“: Josh Hamilton hits 3rd homer of night in 7th inning vs O's to take sole possession of lead with 13 on the year.”&missed 3 games
No food in this damn house like always -_-
Hi, Sharon, nice to "tweet" you - but please don't call me by my full name!
wow. How embarrassing... I hadn't finished my coffee yet :)
A lunch to pick you up for the afternoon: grilled or steamed salmon, baked potato, small salad, ice tea with lemon. Will give you energy!
I like to have a lot of fresh fruit around and chocolate chips in my pancakes
Cinco De Mayo tomorrow and the Plectrum team wants to go out and celebrate. Give us ideas on where to go around Boston!
Did you know ?The #ANC embarked on extensive preparations in the past two years for this year's centenary celebrations. Be apart! Stay...
Turn Up
its not because he doesnt care it's show biz thats why he replies to celebs instantly!
Anyone want to help us with lyrics? Send us something poetic!
I like mayweather don't get me wrong..but that fight not really irrelavant to me..everybody wants pacman to fight may 5th..
btw, Jason lies - I did not buy any Star Wars books for him, I bought them for myself.
then fade to black. Commercial.
Think it went well! Should be hearing back from recruiter soon and it sounds like they're gonna schedule in-person meeting.
I whoop mfs like you on the way to fights!
listening to records is such a great work out...I've had to get up like 10 times and walk 5ft...gonna be in great shape in no time!
Im bored omg sumbody help
TV execs must think all we want is reality crapolla. part of the dumbing of America?
well I graduated and have my cosmetology license..... what am I supposed to do now
Back in #Pittsburgh so good to be home!
You had me calling out your name... what's this strange thing inside me..
hoping everyone is having fun!
Starting a trend tonight! RT : #Brewers hadn't scored in 1st inning since April 10
Comcast's call centers could take a cue from their Social Media department on how to resolve issues
Tmow lottery numbers, pls RT : Who was that crazy guy who said Meara would be ROTY at season opener at ? Oh yeah...
#FF Check out some of these crazy kids.
Using tweetdeck for the first time. Let's see how I like it.
Hm LIFE!! Damn! Why so confusing?!
-- lol on what... Might have to make that trip
Mogs can talk about Bosh all they want, but he brings irreplaceable value to Miami. I don't think they can win a title without him.
You don't know nothin bout that Fly U young blood.
no I'm not. I don't lie.
of coarse
New Orleans this week
g00d morning RT No pressure, no diamonds. >> never thought it like that
Don't tell anyone, but I picked Xavier.
LMAO. It's my fav show too:) “: On that Thug Shit watching "The Secret Life of an American Teenager" #GoodStuff”
Meet the browns>>>>>>
I don't know how I'm going to pass that chem test tomorrow :S
“: Is Rondo best PG in the League?”. True pg yep!
Having my closet door half open when it's dark scares me to death.
#nashville Catch us in the round at this Saturday 630pm w/Pete Sallis, Lisa Carver, Chas Sandford and Bethany Dick-Olds.
Come see us this weekend! : that awkward moment when you get on the Cortland bus and there is a flash singing mob.
Today we sent off BTS photos of us using our Redrock Rigs to our pals at Redrock Micro!
when is your song coming out???????
Last few days for #nbcam! Use coupon code "pink" to save $10 AND If you actually purchase a pink ipod, we'll donate $20 to
RT : Customers want to be treated right the FIRST time says
a to tabien mi Amiga chula
Me too. I was a busy day and I still have 44 minutes left on my shift.
do you know when the tech/ops team meets?
Ashley is making cookies; one of them fell apart as she was plating it, so I ate it, citing it as a practical application for eugenics.
Movies about cheating always make me cry
Indeed! ": A big Congratulations to coach Pop! NBA Coach of the Year! #GoSpursGo"
Selena Is Our Beauty Queen<3
If this is really a panic attack, I don't ever want another one.
Better days will come.
Examining my emails & it appears Red Envelope gave my email 1st to Pro Flowers. Then shortly after that, lots of viagra emails.
#monday Fresh start every week.
How do we go about hosting a fundraiser at ur location? Individual guidelines at each location? Should I just go into one & ask?
Be carful who u open up to only a few people actualy care the rest are just curious
leave Terry's face alone. :-P
RT : gotta get the sound mind first! #medication< you nuts....lol...lol
congrats on Cody Simpson following you. :)
Deep End and Hot Shot recorded here in Memphis at The Noise Factory and Mixed by Chuck Alkazian(Elton John, 50 cent) www.keylessmusic.com
Hell yea OSU, hell yea Louisville
Females say all guys are the same if that's the case why do they take so long to choose one
ASHA Div12 Conf. Tough question: Select only devices w potential to be final device or jump start process w engaging new tool like MyTalk?
your welcome
yes... good clarification haha. Let's plan on a celebratory drink when things open up for you.
yeah that and Gil would be pretty sweet to add both those guys, possibly be some bench scoring
favs: "Is there a happy hour after this?" Omg, last year volunteering in Botswana..." "Idk...I guess, just put it over there"
We're packing our bags and heading to #Chicago for 2012! Hope to see some new and familiar faces!
idk why but I feel avoided by some ppl but I could be wrong tho
All respect to those who bring the mountain dew. My hookup was from WV's New River Gorge. Dangerously smooth.
likely just scattered...more widespread late in the evening..unless their game goes 17 innings, should be OK
Holy cow, you'd think it was me getting my PhD. Lordy lordy.
Love the San Jose airport. It has the 3 things you need for good work: lots of power outlets, good wi-fi (free, to boot), & food.
I thought you just didn't give a fuck
Hungrily awaiting to see with is going to do for #WillieWonka show on Sunday (hoping for gummy bear size of head!)
we found out last summer that booking is highly monetized in Boston city proper. I have venue contacts mentioned in previous tweet.
Agree! RT : #MAY is #NationalFosterCareMonth Poll: 83% of adults knew little or nothing about #fostercare. NOW is time to change.
Big recruiting day/wkend...Dells today, Milwaukee tomorrow, will be good to get out, see kids, and talk hoops w/people...love bein n the gym
My shoes went from blue to brown! Hahaha<U+E107><U+E105>
we have a VIP patio entrance
took care of it when I got home.
trying to just be me... baggage and all :) working on a polishing a post now...
Emptying out the old office space today, looks totally empty now
ops I am 1 follower away from 450! #Assyrians on the rise! <3 lol
all goes back to my fb post this morning about weird cookie/chocolate induced nightmares/dreams/fatness/phatness
Thank you, Mikki, for the mention. Hope you are having a good night! ;)
Congrats on the launch!
Cinnamon Toast Cunts
OMG GOOD
He's Mormon. He can't hate anyone and fears everyone.
Listen to my world. By . Wow. Justin time flys. It's like my clock just flew across the room ! Haha .
Just dropping everyone off at home
my favorite so far: connecting campus with library archives using augmented reality at Kansas State
hahaha. Sonic should put that on their dumb TV ads:-)
You have to train you mind like you train your body. ~ Bruce Jenner
So glad that God heals . . . despite ourselves!
nice uni's
Since the issue is so connected to faith, which is also very influential in the black community...
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner to promote the health of HS athletes. Good food; great cause. 503.418.4166 or www.atlasprogram.com
I have chills.
Merry Christmas! Hope everyone has a wonderful day with friends and family.
happy early 15th birthday sexy(;
please follow me!
I'm following the next 20 people who follow me.
Bill Cosby tells , Whitney Houston should be entering a deeper maturity, understanding of love, life, happiness.
Thank you for
#Blackparentsquotes "I brought you in this world and I will take you out"
oh you called?
ooh I cant wait big daddy lmbo!
Congratulations to Dre and Dee! Dre is our new Promotions Director and Dee is our new Public Relations Director
Miss the drama @ jersey shore 2 Without Angelina there's only Boring Drama With Ronnie And Sammi :S
see ya tomorrow you sexy people, hope you have a great evening, have a drink for me (cuz I dont drink)
You know it was a terrible migraine if you feel positively EUPHORIC once the pain is gone....
"youre not allowed to look at my most played!" "i will ALWAYS look"
I've become obsessed, too. Shedding many tears.
the IGIGI item I crave most this summer is the Jolie Maxi Dress It is stunning and so vibrant.
everyone in this library is bat shit crazy.
Enjoying the evening with my wife!!!
My day job is consuming my soul...
Wishing there was a play-by-play book about LIFE(how to avoid idiots)!!!
Perfect. The giant red cherry on top of the big ice cream sundae that has been my day. Awesome.
you should get on like now
Crawling on my hands and knees to Las Palmas.
oh wow .. lol these tweets !
are you at school?
What?! What?! What is this I'm seeing about Tyler Perry & is it true?
I'm excited! I haven't been to King's Dominion in 14 years.
At The Drive In was good. El Paso representin'
Good Q. I'll expand in a blog post.
yes yes! Hi!!! Thx for the followbak! :)
Having a business meeting with one of the models from last weeks photo shoot.
Remember, #Basketball is a game. You always want to play hard, play smart & play together but maybe most importantly, you want to have fun.
The DIA is an asset for Macomb County. Voice your support at the Commission's meeting tonight, 7PM at 1 S. Main, Mt Clemens
Pizza & pint tonight Brooklyn style! For beer week, buy one of our hand made pizzas & get a free pint of Six Point brew!
A great way to find other like minded twitter people to follow is to go to and review their followers/ing
Dude...I love her so much...ughh....
Payday bitches
I'm really tempted to make my handle @ GuzzlerJenny...
rather than view gmail in a web page, you should add ur gmail account to the ipad. This way...cont
It's official got me convinced 2 sign up to volunteer w/ the kids. during the summer. Thank U for the tour. Great team U have!
Conflict is normal, it will give you an opportunity to GROW
she's pregnant. She's happy. Y'all are haters but then again misery loves company.
R&B Music Old School R&B I listen sometime its just Good Music
G.M.N.I.: It's ok tho. Now I'm fuckin' w/ her stripper cousin, So Yung. Payback's a bitch.
I don't want perfect, I want real.
yes it does and I doubt she will be the only one
there's nothing wrong w/u
Even if they do, he's still playing with a top 5 player in Dwyane Wade. And he had to ditch a city to join him
Jury asks to review letter recovered from Love's bedroom. "Alcohol is ruining my life" #Huguely stated in it .
1 more hour left. Im gonna b alright
since we are in two diff states....what special tips do you have???? Thanks in advance.
Film shoot Thurs. Off today. So here I am, at home & on da grind, still on hunt for new film/model gigs. May have to hit up Baton Rouge!!!
Good morning/evening to everyone. Yawn.
congratulations dude! Winners always rise
starving:o i want tim hortons!
Eastbound & Down! Glad its back. Funny show.
okay thanks!
thanx...hope all is well!!
not this year. I wish. I might be moving though.
we will see how he do on the road. If he win he ain't making it out of Chicago.... Lol
Embrace the place.
I have had three great outfit days in a row. This kinda thing matters to me, ha.
who is your fav player on the devils?...Brodeur is sick
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
wat the heck did u do?
How come when u meet a chick in a club she lookin fly but her kids ain't got shit
I don't think it has anything to do with nerves. He has not pitched in over a year. It's rust. He is just not there yet, but he is close.
I was sitting outside. It took me a second to realize they were climbing the porch stairs to give me campaign lit. It was weird.
yes I will! Bex is coming and I think Pat? Not sure who else out of that collection. Are you staying on site?
moving on to legal deposit topic
Agreed! You'll be missed! RT : Second, a fond farewell to at her last MM.
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes today!
oh I thought that was Kiley
Hello students! If you know any Jesuit who you find to be fantastic, let me know so they can be in the !
Can't believe just said "blow job" in the quiet room
so pumped for the tailgate tomorow!!!
HEYY GO FOLLOW !!! NOW PLEASE:)
ULTIMATE MUSIC CHALLENGE!!!!! TONIGHT, trivia is the game, having fun is the name! Git on down here! Giddy Up -0-0
thanks for getting me through the work day today. Much love!
new name is
It turns out I love getting my car serviced! Free coffee, squishy chairs, wifi... Why was I putting this off for so long?
nahh, just comfortable enough to admit it. Hell I'm not embarrassed to admit loving Barbra Streisand, like I was in h.s. lol
lol u left me :(
with an entire lost Mayan tribe dancing on a glittery 2012 calendar of doom, Kevin James in 80's aerobics spandex including leg warmers...
Is this the end of the moment or just a beautiful unfolding
When you seek the face of GOD, you find your identity
DEVILS FANS!!!WHAT'S YOUR BUCKET?....BUD LIGHT, BUDWEISER, BUD LIME FOR $15 BUD LIGHT PLATINUM $20..MILLER LIGHT $15..
Business digest
Next talk: assessing online tools for student collaboration.
Today's just one of those days where I'm getting irritated with everyone. I need some fresh air.
I'm sick of seeing my throwbacks
From 7-8pm it’s, “Q Comedy”, hosted by New Mexico’s First Lady of Comedy, Goldie Garcia, featuring some of Albuquerque’s finest comedians.
hey what's up?
#toiletgirl because Harry styles said so.
what stories? Corey throwing salad?
follow me please i love youe3e353
Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO!
so bro steve is gettin white bitches to come.. and will is boo lovin on the phone.. its my lucky night smh lol
Sky around moon is clear for the moment here in S-Everett, but rolling clouds make conditions a minute-by-minute drama.
I stress about anything and everything.
DO NOT CRY, JUST SAY FUCK UP AND SMILE !! =]
As most of my fans know, I will feel much better when I get a phone that tells me about typos after my contract renews...
UPDATE: Crash on SW Kelly at Water...one lane gets by WB...backed up across the Ross Island Bridge onto Powell Blvd.
I just got it in November. I have a Droid incredible 2.
Anytime! Thank you for all of your hard work!
So tired with work and coaching football, just too tired to play poker online. At least I won my home game last night.
inbox me your number ASAP sis or call me
unlikeliest expression of the day & alarming RT Due 2 another failure of chicken-sexing, I find myself with YET ANOTHER ROOSTER
Henderson: we have the biggest largest amount of car dealerships/ per square mile in the nation down the street
OMG I LOVE IT <3333 the last one. and wow it took that long to write 2 sentences..
I see I see
let's talk turkey #xnewsquotes ..wheres on these?
gay only. You can see more of him with other str8 guys on "straightcollegemen.com
Gimme a break.
Wait, the Eleventh Doctor doesn't like bacon? This does not compute. How does anyone not like bacon? It's bacon. Bacon is awesome.
Go Bears!
City going shopping
Nope!!! Obama is Bush 2.0
will you ever follow me ???
Unified front of ppl who value civil liberties & don't have $ to buy politicians needed; MSM loves petty diffs
“ Some people say were too young for love. But i dont think so .”
For Grey Poupon, ya gotta go Amtrak.
Fear of the unknown prohibits greatness!
Hope you had a great Labor Day Weekend. It's a holiday which honors those who work hard at making our country a better place.
That's my pops! I tagged him in my Facebook post and didn't think about what that would look like on Twitter. Oops!
Experiencing joint pain after workouts? Try TriFlex-protects joints from the wear and tear of exercise. Clinical strength to last all day.
Tattoo time tomorrow with the long lost bestie !!! #SOEXCITED!!!!!!!
now of someone beside you was on google+
You Should Clean That Up... LOl
Barkley called Timmy 'The Admiral' and David Robinson 'The Big Fundamental'. Umm?
is there a reason for $5.89 a gallon?? How's your ass feel Mr. Spade? Lol
press release is coming out on the film YAY The Classified's// The Movie a thriller with JLarose from Saw3,Eva Lardani ,Gregory Albrecht.
Got some free seminars coming out on how to sell beats... that are gonna be FREE for you! So stay in touch
Is anyone shocked by Victoria Jackson's stupid gay rant? The woman made her career saying stupid things on SNL. That wasn't just a character
Stunning the Celtics would trade Rondo for Chris Paul. Not sure what Ainge is thinking. Point guard isn't Boston's problem.
Awesome video!!!! Re tweeting it right now!
its nice now but looks like its going to rain
it was super fun! But I'm @ a park in the OC. so I'm not sure about LA. I know there's a place in Fullerton. :)
Missed Mud Lovin Rednecks on tv
Happy New Year for every body, may all your dreams come true my friends !
They seem to have a business plan no matter how big a shit sandwich the Feds make them eat.
Good. How was the tour? When you start with next one?
high school harrys putting their jerseys on the loop..
TV crews are hounding woman who named newborn after fallen Peabody firefighter. Give her a break.
...and why I'll never work for an accounting firm. sad.
it's normal for siblings to fight but in the end she's family. You should love her regardless and vise-versa :) -Karen
Saying you got your phone taken away but really you just didn't feel like replying....
LOLakers can relate
At least this morning for my mom, I'M not the brunt of her crazy. Yayyyyy. Maybe today will shape up to be okay.
Damn guy doesn't even work here any more and he's still messing me up.
Santorum keeps talking about freedom. Were they slaves and no one told me about this.
Time to get out of Afghanistan. Save our billions of $$ & spend them here at home to help our own citizens especially our seniors & homeless
Watching `Legally Blonde.`
lol for you
Wish i could help you out.look like you gone have to make the best out of your situation.
i need to talk to you...
days like these #motivate me. to push so damn hard to reach my goals. if I gotta work sick I'll be makin a living doing what I <3!! $hitt ;)
Just drove out of Atlanta Georgia
hello sir, good to see you
Our trends might be different at different times :P
not talking so much shit about my Nuggets tonight huh!? Lol
All Hail Caesar!
If you didn’t make it here to experience the love last night, we’re celebrating all WEEK with dinner specials thru Sat
Just bought my ticket! 23 days until my lazy days in Los Angeles!
Where u spinnin' in Miami ?
had kumas for lunch yesterday....awesome as always!
Reading Bruce Machart's astonishing debut novel #TheWakeofForgiveness. Gritty story, startling prose. A dark diamond.
Khalyse go to sleep mommi is so tired
we are always taking good people! Just apply on our website then come in our store and introduce urself and tell them u applied
Kane! You chokeslammed the wrong guy, last night!!! You should've chokeslammed Roger Goodell for my dude
#Thatawkwardfeeling when you wake up you think you've slept all night but really it's only been a couple of hours.
1 more slipped in just under the wire! Shout out to Eryn Clark for her contribution bringing us to a total of $7,110!! Amazing.
Thank you for subbing for me at bni this morning, let me know how it goes. Have a great day
getting a lot of much needed organization done on this rainy saturday! i feel a sense of accomplishment! yay!
I just got instagram tye other day and I definitely think I'm addicted lol
Out of nowhere I click my twitter app (Iphone) and it is just a blank white page. Tried reinstalling, and same problem. What's up?
NewVox is open until 7pm today. Check out some REALLY cool art, jewelry, and handmade middle eastern carpets.
time to get married.
Joining Your State #CourtReporters Associations Carries Many Benefits
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 53
What a long drive.
can't touch the ref, no matter what
First time using It rocks.
Listening to Miley Cyrus and Taylor Swift on the way to Cortland. The joys of roadtripping with
Happy Birthday bro!!
damn you just sang my fav part<U+263A>
your mom lol
#MyPastRelationships are man where do I begin lmfao not enough on twitter
Why is it always do cold in this school <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
#ENG3510 & #ENG3670 students: you can follow me but you don't have to. You do have to follow the class tweets. I'll explain in class.
what's up
looking forward to dinner with dental section
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
I Can Really Tell <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> How Much For 18 Inches & Do You Have 20in Too.?
it's only just begun :) I'm sure I will have a wonderful "while you were sleeping" story later tater. Xoxo
RT : "The quality of your life is directly related to the amount of uncomfortable conversations you are willing to have." - Mastin
That's Why When Y'all Ask Me About 6/6 & If I'm Excited. My Excitement Is Contained Due To Preparation But I Am FIRED UP
Vegas, it never gets old!
I stepped on a Gator as a girl,when on a field trip.Scared him as much as me! #HealthyRespectToGatorsHereInFl.!
Shit that too ha
Aww that was nice
Stop by often as we are always updating our blog!
hahaha as did I. As did I. Lets findum.
me too in an odd way.
and here I thought you might be the genius behind that arrangement.
You say you believe the word of God, many do. However the interpretation of God's word varies.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet a girl who doesn't nag me
Cheers to the weekend!!
Seriously though guys I still don't know what to eat
In PA dystopia is real! Medical secrecy clause in new bill forbids drs. from naming contaminants in water when patient sick from
haha just giving you some crap, congrats bud!
what book?
How to erase itch of bug bites in #Eleuthra? Start day with cocktails @ #Tippy's end with homemade stoli dolis ala #Capital Grill.
EATING PUSSY GOOD FOR YU..MAKES YO JAWS STRONG LOL.GIVES U A BETTER SMILE
The Church has tons of activities to help you become a part of the community. Unless you're the majority of people who work at night.
sound checking. and ready to rock. Show starts at 10 pm
I've been doing consulting and working on Snack Words. Not sure where I'll end up yet.
Lookin' for a girl I ran into a guy, His name is M.C.A., I said, "Howdy" he said, "Hi"
Is loving better than being loved?
Thank you, lyrics sites on the internet. #copypasteprint I will not use a cheat sheet...I will not use a cheat sheet...I will not...
This morning consisted of , Misfits (), Funkadelic & Kanye. Just about time to record.
you can't follow ??
why aren't you on the show jamming to pauly d too? haha :D
Ready for this bell too ring !
im having THE BEST day ever.
"If there's room, I'll sit bitch" -Steven Lim
Jonah has taken to cutting out the middleman and is jamming his baked tofu directly into his diaper. Bravo for efficiency, my boy!
i just want to be happy. i want nothing else.
sounds like you had a great day!
lmao, idk yet! but well see....
#sportingkc just because they are better
and i urge u to follow these peeps as they are totes awesome / belated
ikr just thinking about it makes me wanna curl up in a ball and just cry until i run out of tears :'(( :'(( :'((
This catchy commercials that sell cake-pops utensils -____- RT if u fall for it everytime :P
My Dog and Master is signaling me that my writing is not as important as his pooping. Unfortunately, he's right.
is a fan of jim mora
great product showcased #Launch well done!
oh, live feed, you break my heart. thank goodness for
Y u no tweet me like u say u gonna?
ur welcome ;-p
Artist come get your next project with Unlevel. DM or email for rates!
"So now I come to you with open arms, hoping you'll see, what your love means to me #openarms "
yeah, it would probably be best if I never returned to Mexico.
Road trip to#OCLS2010. Picking up some coworkers along the way and meeting more there. See y'all in Cleveland.
One of the funniest SNL sketches in years. Hilarious!!!
ur database needs a life alert.
I'm Tired Af . Ugh
RIP Jim Marshall, the father of loud.
good times! ;)
Idk which song I hate more. "Loser" by Beck or "No Rain" by Blind Melon. Stop playing it radio
sittin here listenin to my musik. just realized how intelligent you have to be to speak this language encrypted in every day English.
bwahaha my #pug just fell backwards trying to jump onto the couch with her toy #FAIL!!
I wanna go bowling
Everybody loves change except for the change part. - Alan Kay
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you stay up until 3am on skype with
I can't deal with you!! Lol “ If you want your titties on my next tittie Tuesday send pics to lol serious”
I hate moshing. I think its a horrible way to 'enjoy the music'. You can enjoy the music without beating people up.
I just woke up
Whereas, if Rockets lose tonight and end up 36-30 with Mavs/Suns, Rockets would lose out.
You look like an asshole wearing Sperry's.
I hate getting my picture taken. -_-
no problem! Random updates will occur throughout the festival, but that was our only scheduled live tweet
Mrs.Puff Just Sprayed Spongebob With " A Shower In A Can ! " Lol !
Our brainstorming session included ostriches, nuts, and runway models. And, no we are not working on Zoolander 2.
My averages have pretty much stayed the same lately. 18 - 10 - 5
I want the Petz Vet game 4my nintendo (THE ANIMATED ONE) its for the game boy advance not the nintendo ds
lol that's mean. but he can do it. #SimonCowell is practically #god in the #UK :-)
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
No #fridayreads for me either Instead I'll be finishing up a conference poster. Nothing Daunted is up next for book club.
I don't think the word "game" needs to be used at all.. try "methodology" perhaps
I should have NEVER!!
yup I just need some more accessories and she is ready to roll :)
I know! heard it in the car this morning and just had to teach a combo to it today.
Just leaving the lecture now.
Camping soon? Yes :)
If the #Bulls hold the 76ers to 32 percent from the field again, clear your schedule Saturday night for Game 7 at the United Center.
your welcome
goal today: get some ground covered on android version.
Well maybe she might consider on letting you get clear braces. Cause there's only one tooth bothering you.
Another chance to win in our Apple A Day Giveaway = Tonight 7 & 7:30! Only 4 Nights Left!
I'm in the house at the tail end of a 7 year run of tenants amongst my friends. So the damage is done. Holes in the wall, etc.
Matt Kemp finished better than Kevin Durant tonight. No doubt walk off bomb. MLB > NBA
He's actually had a very solid second half of the season.
The prison Guard who took so much pleasure in killing Mad Jack opened his house door to go to work. I hope he saw the Beautiful blue sky
hah idk... it's weird ima do it to you tomorrow k! and you do it to me and can do it with us! lol to confuse everyone!!
Omg!!! You Look No Different, Same Hands Nd Everything.
Congratulations to two cool dudes on their college graduation: & - way to go, guys!!!
if you keep tellin me cool bro or dude ima straight murder yo ass. yo girl the one that look like a bro an dude
i might get a macbook :)
Talking Adult Education Career Pathways with Miami Schools ELITE Conference. Great things in Miami!
who invited Sarah Michelle Gellar? Also, who made her tie-dye dress? Ga-ross!
I gotta get my life to a point where I'm lovin it, and I don't gatta dodge the government.....
great news. I will be there. Is there any news about where WPT will be televised?
there all me?
#ATLHawks must run or suffer
you went to Pump Room without me and Mike? So disappointed...
I won't be here-_-
Going to school an hour late... Too tired to function.
Oh Melo, welcome back.
Probably a couple of nice cold beers that weekend!
Merry Christmas from the My Sinatra family!
#xenserver does rock I'm running 3 VM's on a busted old DELL D620 with 4GB of ram and 300GB hard drive and I'll be damned it works .
Damn but you gotta get that paypa! Stay grindin!
love those guitars... Thx buddy!
agreed. I'm all in on team Gamel.
Feeling a little woozy, a lot in need of coffee after getting up at 4:30 to say goodbye to my little sister and send her back to college.
Come check out the Hottest thing in the country THE EROTIC .com 50k and a modeling contract at stake
if u were here, id get u on the level
This guy just parked his big truck on two parking spaces in front of me. So egregious ... So debonair.
My boss always told us, "If you don't know the answer, ask a superior instead of being an incompetent ass." Ok, maybe not in those words.
#sourcefest Panel: AAH asks "how much do you consider local vs national artists and audiences when selecting your season?"
You aint about this life
Welcome new #literary friends plus more!
Bring a group of friends on any cruise and you sail for free ask me how!
He signed a huge contract and hasnt homered or batted over .200
That's sweet of her. I love Famous Amos cookies.
It was so busy at work I didn't even get a chance to go on tonight. :( Poopies
pumed for this jon jones fight. hope he lays evans outt
New Joan Rivers documentary is fierce! Loved her whipping out a mini Lysol can to clean a bathroom on the road. "I am such a Jewish woman."
pronto el 20
In life we drive through the ups and downs that test us in so Many ways, remember to focus on the destination.
So according to my timeline were telling people how to grieve now? Really?
Thought for the day: You never know what you can do till you try :]
Have to cut out of my office job for a bit so I can go to an audition where I pretend to be at an office job.
Photos l like on Instagram - gadgets, cars, food, my friends, scenic shots.
im Sorry I dont know what prom court is either?
Police officer just gave me the ok to kick his car for being in the crosswalk-really is the holiday season.
we plan to cut your hair on stage in Wichita. We love you that much <3
str8 DOpe bro.
Whuddup with people saying they hope someone they don't even know dies? #ForReal?
RT : St. Gregory Catholic School Spring Fling tomorrow night- we will have a photo booth set up- Come on out & help raise $$
Give it a chance
You're so hot; when I look at you I get a tan. (:
Here we go Steelers Here we go.
Shit, now I remember why I don't listen to sports radio.
I hate u...how is everything not like I really wanna listen lol but frfr how is it
Nobody loves me but my mother,And she could be jivin too. B. B. King
You too B
#rihannanavy happy to be a part of it!
Hhaha I love this show so much.
Truck in the shop so I can't even sleep smh
yes I do. I'm an actress. Still in Beantown?
And now, entering the ring, weighing in at 160 lbs, Jason "The Wild Iberian Ass" Corum! TY for my new ring name.
Seriously, fuck twilight, I seriously hate that shit. #TeamPotter bitches, always. At least Tom Felton won!
Have a great Monday!
I smell like John Travolta's testicles right now. Good gym session! Ready to shit, shower, shave, and smoke.
#LyricalLibations 5/25 > Live Sound > The Arts > Cocktails + Food by
"The #NFL has only 32 teams. The #AKC has 183 breeds. ON TV THANKSGIVING DAY, IT’S DOGS UNTIL 2 PM."- Tune in to at 12!
I want my pension back, pension back, pension back... Sorry, that Chili's commercial gets me every time!
i'm at 2050-F Chamblee Tucker Rd, just north of PDK... www.btbfitness.com
what is your number?
I'm watch youtube videos
love this! Sock buns are such a great look.
Congrats to our 60+ certified nurses--board certified in their specialty. They were recognized yesterday -- National Certified Nurses Day!
Shows Fri and Sat went great at The Oasis!!! Thanks to everyone who came out!
hahaha what a great movie
Listening to some Metallica is good for the brain
"When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind." ~Seneca... CHOOSE your destination. Sail, paddle & kick!
Everyone follow this hotty she gets BTK wet.
Evidence based Voluntary home visiting for at-risk young mothers can cut child abuse and neglect in half
what do you think of the Colts new HC.
Hahaha love dessert any time of day- or, of course, pizza for breakfast!
Go #UConnBasketball! #BeatCuse! And join us in Boston tonight at 8pm to watch (9pm game).
Monster doesn't tweet own press releases - - people don't want to read org's perspective; but others' view via
How about Blackmon? Wonder where he is at with his knee.
Kazakhstan invites more investment from Malaysia
I dropped that class.
Hopeing I get that #badassbikeframe from my Friend. Thinking about taking on Some Bmx challenges when I get all the parts for it!!!
#SummaRealEstateGroupDowntown is hosting a grand opening at 4 on Main Street in Forest Grove. Trust me, they know how to throw a party.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> so lazy
O do this all female show called "Girlfight," where we bring together women who play music for gigs.Think she'd be interested?
Yeah! I'll be home like June 19th or something like that for 12 days Cod!
I can't respond to your DM, but feel free to use them. That's why they're CC licensed. :)
Saw a great Improv show at the Upright Citizens Brigade last night Headed to my 10 year HS Reunion. Can't wait to see the girls!
They're called hustlers :) Sorry for the late reply!
Pumped to have won the Viking Immersion Blender recommended by from
// Thanks for being at !
thanks for the reminder. Yesterday was not my best day. Need to believe Monday will allow for redemption.
Be on the look out for our new and improved FB&Twitter pages! We'll be giving away a SONY flat screen TV to new fans & Followers soon!
4+ more followers to 100+. Anybody want to help? :)
#loex2012 Homegrown Ingredients: Creating Tools When Info Literacy Supermarket Fails....Create a Google Spreadsheet on Supreme Court Cases
TY so much!
Cheers, momma!
RT : I wish pac had a public funeral
If you want it put your name on it.
#CodyOnEllenAgain please put him on your show again. <3
Writing about #sustainability at #UNM. Adobe system doesn't recognize "sustainability" and keeps marking it as misspelled. This irks me.
more than the number of females that will acknowledge your existence before you die.
Theres also a startup named that does that!
Our deepest condolences to Kenneth Weishuhn's family. No child should have to end their life because they see no relief.
yes! I do! I'm taking this crash weekend course sat and sun. I can use all the amasian tips u have!
Hey! Help me get 1000 followers :)
I'm employed!!!! And it sounds like the best job in the world!!!
Great night and a great morning hanging out with great company. What the plans for today then big .. meeting tonight..
Laci selected for Land's End print job! They sure like the Jerkatis kids' looks...this is the 5th time...!
We're with you! Spiciness is key. It should be one of the five!
I love Tropical Smoothie! What did you have that was not so good?
#TheThingIHateMost People who try so hard to get in the way of your life Just because their not happy with their Own .
The boy with the bread...sweet baby Jesus <3.<3
I love a good diet suicide at 10 a.m.
Group of us are going to Germantown tonight for post #loex2012 hangout. Meeting in lobby at 4:30pm if anyone wants to join us.
Headphones keep everyone out of my head, but need a new chair to keep my body comfortable.
"There are tens of thousand of men and woman in this country who have been wrongfully convicted, forced into a false confession..."
In 5 hours at work I've seen gas prices going up, leveling off, & dropping. This is why I don't pay attention to gas price stories.
Bitch we the defending WORLD CHAMPIONS!!! Aint even sweatin anything yo
Dude with Kelly Clarkson's mike went out.
Don't allow pride to prevent you from realizing that you are wrong in situations. Something I'm learning to overcome.
NATO Summit time....
Where's an iTunes for Academic Journal Articles? Journals in one marketplace, pay small fee to download issues or articles, track usage.
I'm jealous! We are on trimesters, but next year we switch to semesters lol should be interesting
Our App 'The Source Deck' is available on Itunes! Download today & remember to rate it a 5 star! This helps us move up in the Itunes world!
Amanda knox is free??? This is crazy! Good for her!
Ohh #50ShadesOfGrey you are tearing me up tonight! Why do you have to be such a guilty little pleasure?!
Our summer tap water is way too warm to chill wort to pitching temp, so I daisy chain chillers (first in an ice bath).
I thought u would have gone with pantera for some reason :)
I don't want to sound like a badass but uh, I eject my USB without removing it safely :)
Want to give back through sharing photos? Download the app from our friends at
Yes. My desk is clean maybe once a year.
everything on my time line is either about whitney houston or teen hoot
your twitter background is like a 7th grade girls
Thanks for the RT! Hope the show is a success!
Its hella cold...
lol descent. U still in skool?
I am :o soo hungry right now hmm let's see a bowl of ramen noodles with hotsauce sounds good right now !!!
"Confess," the follow up to 's awesome 2010 album "Forget," due out 6/10 on First mp3 via
doing some hard core thinking. As Pooh Bear always says #thinkthinkthink :)
5K coming up soon...
People who yell at others who cut them in line at the grocery store: keep it up, I love it.
I do that all da time
Rush, Rush Rush...seems to be my motto today! Whew!
Who wants my 500th?
Playing with the kids stuff lol
Aw yea!! RT : OVER ONE MILLION FANS DEMAND PARANORMAL ACTIVITY Get ready for the fright, Nation!
food cleanse. no sugar, no carbs, minimal to no dairy unless its probiotic, lean protein and lots of veggies.
dude, you really shouldve warned me. that sucked. so vile. so unprepared.
RT : Follow up on ur promises. Keep your word. Creates credibility & feels good, too.
I can tell lol. I don't suggest getting into or watching baseball anytime soon. Especially the Seattle Mariners.
wow - what a week - I am drained drained - sweet sweet Friday
How's business today? What are you doing that is successful? What are your challenges?
yeah it did,but I'm waiting until May 15 to listen to it. I don't know why,it just kinda feels more official haha
#shitnoonesays "yeah coach, I won't drink or chew before this game"
Craigslist? ": Started selling meat online."
Seats still available for tomorrow night's program with Adam Goodheart! Call 202-829-0436 x31232 for tickets
I think I'm still in a food comma “: Pizza hangover”
Just saw the trailer for #Project X from producer Looks great. Good times to come.
Also Next Tuesday, Jan 11th, Personal Manger, JL Diamonika is looking for new clients and is one of the best managers in NYC.
Just finished editing a video for the worlds fastest standing mile, a ford gt! PerformancePowerRacing 252.97mph. Ptn in the morning...
@ FansiteSports Least intimidating #NBA-related line an announcer can utter, "And here comes Steve Blake!"
Getting a little tired of ambiguity...
Thanks for the follow man. We aim to end tollation in Miami-Dade county.
Is it just because we don't want to think about stuff during the holidays or does everything break in January?
Kornheiser just shouted out to Broneys?
CJ, sorry to hear that! Which concourse or airline were you on?
no no... Making fun of you is what makes my day :) p.s ERIC CHURCH TOMORROW!!!
whatever happened to the giant house they were going to all share?
I shall try. *sigh*
Congrats Chris Kohrs, you are our winner! Please e-mail to claim your free sauce. Thanks for participating!
I can not wait to see new video .. NEXT 2 YOU.. SO AMAZING
embarrassingly I have definitely tried to rock a few too many of those 29 trends! 18
Yhu Make Beats ?
Today's work mix is Lovely Jon's "house of sleaze" mix. A mix of psychotronic movie OSTs and other library madness.
We've come a long way, but the reality is that we have such a long way to go, says Howard Fuller,
Some people shouldnt make faces in their pictures they just make themselves look ugly or uglier!
Yo are you about this re-twist life tomorrow?
Simply put....You... Kill... Me!! The shirtless wonder will probably be attending the game tonight. Good Luck!
Yates is worrying me big time.
RT : "We must be concerned about the gulf between superfluous wealth and abject, deadening poverty"
In Social Studies, im supposed to be typing my essay on google docs. IM SOO TIRED!!!!!!
Looking for a unique gift for mom? Book her a tour of the Willamette River on a classic wooden boat!
Your words are very encouranging. Thank you.
't you mean, BECAUSE there was no Steve in the kitchen? :)
so. your hat is comfy--no?
Yeah, what up? Sorry. Had my twhirl turned off.
She loves you that's why!
Went to the Gym with my Best Friend & it was actually really fun!(:
Follow us tomorrow for live posts as the #Celtics head to the Windy City to take on the #Bulls for our Game of the Night.
nawww you want us gone remember? ;)
Hot sunny day in LA. Don't you want to go shirtless and look hot? I'm working on it!!!
Tanning with my girls and
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help????
met her once awhile back and she was kinda standoffish...not Avril Lavigne-level-standoffish, but up there!
RT : Life is really just a DJ Khaled song where we are constantly waiting for a tagless version. | brilliance.
I feel like ! The works, u guys rock but can u get rid of Rubeninthemorning. At least get rid of the fake laughtr & fake applaus
Where can you go for top-notch Baltimore-based #satire & hilarity? Why, Maryland's own Inverse Delirium!
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic? ~ Lily Tomli
Keep calm and come Endfair with me.
I HATE WEN PPL TALK AS IF THEY THINK THEIR LIFE IS ALL TOGETHER..WEN THEIR SHIT IS WORSER THEN THE NXT PERSON.CAN U SAY
you being banned from there makes me like you even more.
I honestly don't want to talk to anyone. Only talking you if I message you first.
I was given a list of chores to do when I got home, so I feel that "thank you" should be appropriated to me lol
I am watching an alien movie! Just figured you would be interested because you were
RT Jeff Gelles: Digital divide still wide in Philadelphia
saw your video on youtube and its sad that u got cyberbuiiled:( i hate that shit!....but umm,, u not making no more videos?
You never came to the party and you ruined my life aahhhhh!
RT : Balance is way too overrated; its boring anyway. Let's strive for harmony & attunement. It's also called #FLOW. Just sayin
It's now time to play a game that I like to call: "How much free ice cream can I eat in the next 90 minutes?"
if you invent said bubble, please market it. I will purchase the first. As long as it's portable
They are killing OU
My neighbors are driving me nuts. If I had the money, I'd buy them out so they can get the hell on. >_<
I wanna go to six flags.
Everyone is in need of help. Dont be ashamed to ask for it
Gettin drunk on a weekday?....
I HATE THOSE "HE SAID/SHE SAID" ASS BITCHES!! #GTFOH!
Let's sing with the intention of healing the waters of the places where we life! Thursday 22 7PM Tidal Basin Wasington DC!!
About to change my avi.
How was school today?(:
From today's Boston Globe: "Happy accidents can only occur when there are things in your way." Brendan Dawes
CWI in same sentence with U of Idaho? Low blow to CWI!!
Lots of shoppers at the Mall of America. How is your Black Friday experience so far?
Never catch me off my square, or flustered.
trying to figure out twitter
So "New Year's Eve" opens tomorrow? They really think this movie will last three weeks?
ON MY WAY DOWNTOWN LOOKING FOR A JOB...
I did realize one thing though from my time last night.
Look for preview of "Fanfare for an Uncommon Woman," celebrating the birthday of Chicago Arts Icon Joan Harris w/Renee Fleming & more!
We don't own the world...yet
Can't stop listening to #BOYFRIEND Love it so much! <3 Its my new jam. LOVE YOU!
Even though I buy mostly digital now, it's great to spend some time in a nice bookstore.
actin out on twitter..he gone get his ass beat later tho...jus wait
Too on the nose RT : Trying to come with license plate slogan in case Palestine gets statehood. "Land of No Jews" too extreme?
B-12 makes me nuts...
Titleist AP2 Irons of great titleist golf clubs – Customer Feedback for- titleist irons
I think I see an inverted pyramid in the skyline. Or maybe a regular pyramid. -30-
Omfg i sent my tweet to my friend ugh
No! Follow me back, it said you unfollowed me so i did that.
I hope to hear some legendary stories that weekend. better be there too. I was there last week, Miami this week.
Go ahead and call me the internet wrangler. Totally got some high speed jawns without stealing, hacking, or paying for it. I'm awesome.
I have a shit load of things to do today..
Hi Girl :)
$25.08. What time will you be on campus
Wish I could be there! Have a great show!
Thanks so much! We try!
My money's on the magician.
Let the beauty we love be what we do. - Rumi
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Tami is tha bomb dot com !
O.G. KUSH
Quick question, I'm trying to find someone from my childhood. Did you mother ever work in the Memphis area?
Spring forward will be tough on Sunday but after that I will be loving all of the long days of sunshine and productivity
awesome i just thought it was cool wen i hash tagged movieplex & searched yur has tag was there with the name of the movie...:)
Grab somebody sexy tell em aye ;)
In honor of Arbor Day, a red bud tree is being planted by at 1 pm on the <U+200F> grounds
Coming in 9th place out of 29 at the #stagecoach BBQ contest: When Pigs Fly Catering from Oceanside. Opening takeout joint soon. Yum haw!
i carried a watermelon.
#icantTrustYouIf you aren't an animal lover!
Jrs has the money for you guys. Only sold one DVD but don't want you to think I walked away with the money I said I'd give
Not enough wind in Oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past.
boredom strikes again
PR Tip: Focus your pitch on the problem. Turn “How to be Financially Healthy” to “How to Get Out of Credit Card Debit.” See the difference?
Old Twitter standby: the sandwich I had for lunch. Lobster BLT at Terra San Diego. Delicious.
Spring Green, WI: Friday, November 11th @ Arthur's Supper Club! 8pm. FREE show!
After you drink glass of red shake the glass out with an up & down motion, then smell you be able to tell if aged in oak or not.
Someone DM me creative ideas for Marissas 18th bday gift!!! She made me a badass scrapbook that made me cry & I gotta top it
sweet mother, i'm starving!!
Why in the Hell did my Phone not let me know you was tweeting
Surprisingly, no. A lot of sad songs about missing home/missing lovers.
Grabbing the chance to fulfill a life-long dream today.I leave for Africa for a volunteer mission with I'll keep you updated!
What's a good way to start off the first day of school? A playlist filled with and !!! :)
I just need one more day off
Weren't you employed at a grocery store in the last 15 years?!
": GUNNY HIghway was a bad mofo.."I may not be a marine but I bow to his gruffness. Attitude anda chest of medals
Whats good wit you?
Temple Owls Out, not co-hosting this time, but thanks 4 the team and for having these contests, you know you da man DD!
if you #google #bing it should bring up a picture of apple's headquarters on infinite loop
Reading Plato in bed.
All too often too often we try to push, pull, outline and control our ideas instead of letting them grow organically. (1/3)
Young said he gets pushbacks all the time while bringing in businesses; is he sure it isn't kickbacks?
Beyond angry
Christening my first visit to the lone Vashon Theatre with the Hunger Games. I don't need no stinkin' IMAX.
Loving new hair
Object, smaller than a stick of butter, used by women, not found in a bathroom, partially man made. Any ideas, anyone?
got the snack cakes!
Awesome deal!! What kind of flat iron? RT : We're giving away a FREE flatiron and $250 Roots giftcard, ask how to win!
Where is Vito now after ?
why the hell did you have to do that ... now im gonna go threw even more shit. seriously stop. i told you not to do it either.
A slack hand brings poverty, but the hand of the diligent brings wealth. 10:4
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
I would rather rebuild an engine than do brake repair!
fabulous! Look forward to hearing about it when you get back.
haha yes! U r up early as hell!
Visit the booth at #jazzfest2012 for cool cars, free wifi and super nice folks! Thanks guys!!!!
if it makes you feel better, I still get that too -- and I'm 28!
haha no way
You did??? Wow! “: I popped the question and she said hell yeah...lol”
Q3 What types of #goals should I set in the early going?
Ah, weekend! Good friends and theatre! All we need is good weather...
gettin psyched to go see our boys in rock house of blues on sat with our bro & the
When referees do not let you play the game<
Me n this nigga did sum shit in yo earlier
Expo commercials running now, did you see?
tell her i sent yuuu
Hey and , #SweetMullets... worth going to yet?
RT : No. DO NOT CALL ME TO ASK IF I HAVE A [specific] PROGRAM. Find out first. Wasting my time does not make me like you.
Just found out I'm getting two months of free membership at the gym!
“: 16.1k tweet goes to one of my fave bands ever <3” best!!!
The League of Shadows ( Aka The Bilderberg group)
what is it. wont load.
Thanx for the support, hope U r well buddy RT : thnx Joy
New Building Entirely Covered in Solar Panels - 4500 Total....
You write like a monkey. What country are you from?
Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos by R.L. LaFevers
The California Conservative Action Group is presenting statewide district maps to the Commission.
Cant be the same person anymore
Great theme for organizing photos: "People we love"
Got your project tickets about 20 min ago over lunch :) Will reply w next steps and dates. Thank you Doc!
NEW MIXTAPE: DJ RAPID RIC + RAY C!!! COMING JUNE 2012- FREE DOWNLOAD!!!!
All it takes is 20 seconds of courage.
RT : "Success in not in your IQ, it's in your I-DO" ~ Jeff Herring
Would you like to be in my fan vid for Austin and Alex?(:
my bullies have turned into 4 and 1 almost cut my hair today
I have a Tecate in hand now so I'm ready for whatever you've got
My baby a brain surgent.
In With the New Girll ;
Welcome Free anytime you want them #cakepopsforskins!!
3RD WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 3...49ERS/VIKINGS #TAKETHEOVER (39)...BOTH TEAMS FEATURE D & RUN, BUT AP & GORE HAVE BREAKAWAY SPEED...40+ PTS
#basketballwives I mean basketball birds, so immature:( SMDH @ the stupidity! We don't have 2 boycott, they getting themselves cancelled!
Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Maxwell Drew. Yeah, because THAT will end well.
Picked up my bike from the shop this evening with a freshly installed CinQo power meter integrated 155mm crankset.
haha i bet. what a douche lmao
RT : Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience....
Waiting at the bank to ask a silly question . . .
can't dm you bro you gotta follow lol
Just took her last final as an undergrad...
Panel question from yesterday's Grand Challenges Share Fair: If you had billions of $$ for a museum program, what would it be?
#iUsedToLikeYouBut then you just got annoying
just signed up to follow. best regards
It costs nothing, the information is priceless, and we like to think that we're pretty good speakers. Invite us to your next San Diego meet.
When you send a bill that makes sense!!
Happy Birthday
yeah right...lol
Pre-order T-Shirts now, $5 off two week special offer!!! No initial payment necessary.
Caron you been like a Godsend for the Clippers at the SF position!! Stay up, can you give me some of that tuffjuice
Are you still dead?
Any idea where in DC said friend will be living? We could try to ID someplace very local.
me too lol
okay u have my new number right
Don't let this shake you up, though "I'm All Shook Up" because next week, all week long - it's the King - ELVIS WEEK - thank ya very much
xsmall!!! If possible <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Enjoyed the movie 'Warrior'
I mean EVERYBODY! This nigga must be smoking that shit...
Check the worldwide trending list, buddy.
Playing at 21 Oceanfront tonight, across from Newport Beach Pier. If you're in the neighborhood stop by and say hello.
I don't believe in dieting.
Bynum wtf are you doing helping out that far from the basket
Subbing on the C-J softball team tonight. Pre-game meal at Five Guys. Yum!
I am on twitter! Now what???
yeah you're everything i've ever dreamed of having and it's everything i need just knowing you wait for me <3
i feel i wont be out in till around 7 or less i cant get out of work
: Thanks, Jerry, Happy Mother's Day to yours also
i need a job...i like music+writing, will do manual labor. i have exp. making BBQ s'wiches and recording music cville/nyc
No. If you strike me down. I'll come back. In your ears.
gonna fail this ap tomorrow
KNIGHTHAWKS WIN IT! A last second goal by Philly's Dawson makes the final score 14-13.
To be genuine, authentic, and honest - regardless of our circumstances - is a soulful endeavor.
Kill em with kindness.
Stops taking pics
I too am a ginger supremacist. THE REVOLUTION WILL BE AUBURN.
I'm sure McCain wasn't worried about losing here either! ;)
check my music-mr unknown i want to b ur hip hop juke box
You're speaking at #BizExpo? I just left there!
As you stand in your position of righteousness in Christ, you are more powerful than you could ever imagine!!!
Just jumped on the wet trampoline. It was fun
Amazing programs to engage staff + visitors , Ellis Island & others helped by
Store your garbage in areas not accessible to your pet.Heat speeds up the decomposition.The ingestion of spoiled foods can harm your pet.
Life is like successful boxing, you must learn how to roll with the punches, cuz you’re gonna get hit.
Can't send men to the grocery store smh!
Any cosplayers out there?
carlee and I have It under control
is heading to the gym.
that was way more than the last one...
Probs the top cause of why i will have gray hair in 5 years RT : It's one of those none-of-my-sources-are-calling-me-back days.
There is an art to the conversation (via SM) There is an art to conversation. #140confdm There is a ROI 4 good conversations
God see's the depths of our Hearts yet he loves us the same. Thank You 4 being faithful 2 us even when we're not.
I love you too<33
Damn you direct message. And damn you
The boy is making fun of my love for Red Lobster but understands. cc
Really don't have much
Austin will you follow me.. Today is not a good say:(
A large man with a huge heart. Great talk this morning
been awhile since I read that. Hopefully it is still as entertaining as I remember.
I know that. My grandmother died from it. Thanks for making me sound like a bad person. Hope you have a nice day. (:
Wearing sunglasses so no one can tell you're crying
I hate it when you just stop talking to each other, out of nowhere
Can you get FTSK, or EveryAvenue to folow me????!!:D
Another ELETTRO-produced contest starting SOON. This time prepare your most romantic photos!Exciting travel-package prizes...NOW THAT'S HOT.
I am electrolyted
Thanks for the like, Pointoffire Potter!!
RT Or text me(:
Slow going....all of my projects are very time consuming (books, piano recital, businesses) I need a life boost to quicken things!
RT Try not to become men of success. Rather, become men of value. -Einstein Me- I like that saying, its a Christian value.
Awesome! Which songs have you got humming around your head?
chilling on this bored day with my peopls kierra
I'll be rooting for you both ! Great accomplisment to run a 10k already!
Have a Cheery weekend!! :)
hahaha so cute!!!
As long as I ain't having sex or sucking dick on or off camera you shouldn't worry about it.
where can i hear all your work? just youtube?
March to Recall Walker on Nov. 19 Capitol Square 11 a.m. #wiunion #aclu #unions #ows Madison gets its Rally on!
I find I'm a much more effective brainstormer in the middle of the night. I always keep a notepad on my bedside table.
thanks for the link and the praise!
I can go go go in my hoveround..
RT : My boss just asked me if I wanted to do lunch at the new #MightyTaco Monday. Uh, Yes!
A pleasant surprise to see recent alum Will Hightower in one of the pre-movie ads for Phoenix ComicCon.
haha great speech...we'll put your award in the mail!
I suppose it could be, but am inclined to believe in humor of a random universe. ;)
awesome! In 2 years I'll be an adult :/
I have the best friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
": Let's go flyers!!!!" Hour and half till the puck drops lets get game 1
if not I'll let u have some of my contacts
I received a FREE Spicy Chicken Sandwich from Chick-fil-A. Go to www.getspicychicken.com to get yours!
Sumtimes God makes u single n alone so u can get ta kno ur self!
The Queen Barbie blesses Milwaukee with her presence today!! She is the REAL Headliner & I am a Kenbarb.
plus - like ranganathan said about libraries, portfolios are a growing organism - i'll always be changing!
Thanks! Hope you had a good one!
You Have NO Flaws, Ari<3 Don't be Modest(:
Want sun now? The coast is totally clear right now! Skies clear later inland with Valley highs 70-75.
Time for our 3A champ and #1 rated team Prairie Falcons to do there thing. Can both 3A champ join our 4A champ in final n2 state champs?
I'm gunna marry the night
#Jace for the win please
Didnt even go to school today..
one more day to party time
Clay ocarinas shouldn't have a problem so much, but it depends how narrow the windway is. That will vary between makers.
What's good bros
More than 80 people at the Wing Luke Museum for
I know right!!! I'm starting to get impatient.
View from the Top
Stick it to the Mann
it's true...you guys have set the bar way too high!
Some things can only be called Ridiculous! Especially the foibles of years gone by...
Don't let others control your emotions, feelings or life! Live Life on your terms!
Just finished our Session at big orange! Thanks to Matt and for everything! Follow us for updates!
Stay tuned to for our official web site launching soon!
that's sweet. And remember, if you can't finish your beer, give me a call. I'll finish it for you
<<< I'm good. Just sore as hell and wondering what the hell I'm doing running a 5k in 4 days! Lol
Good Friday to all and to all a good day!
If your lost you can look & you will find me
congrats!! RT : we are at 20,000 good deeds so far! Thanks to all who have helped along the way. 80,000 more to go!
For academics, specialization always runs only two hubs away? Bridging gaps, so visualization doesn't make traditionals take offense.
just saw in Mission Impossible--Ghost Protocol! I say that this one is the best mission impossbile! amazing job!!
Sir Richard does do ti right!! Awesome!
yea me too. lol.
Can Johnny Miller kiss Arnies ass anymore? He acts like a nerd trying to be cool... idiot
thanks for leaving me in the dust.
Sad day for pluralist America (aka reality): RT #SBOE passes nonbinding resolution to limit Islam in TX textbooks by 7-6 vote
Life is balance. With balance comes peace. With peace comes happiness. And with happiness comes finding what you were looking for all along
Ight lets go in this kitchen and magically make something to eat
I love books because they take me on journeys and let me peer into others' minds.
Wow, Frank was right with his pick about the Giants winning by less than a touchdown!
Nice! Doesn't get much better, Daniel!
what you don't know, won't leave a scar. what you don't know, hasn't killed you so far.
hope to see you there!! #tasteofdc is gonna be SWEET!
Fans are giving more $ to kick ass playing Super Shot He just broke his personal record with 97 pts.
oh I'm currently sleeping as well Hannah hunter.
Play mini-golf! Have some fun & take your date to the local mini-golf course. Maybe even get an ice cream afterward.
I think Phoenix should become a suburb of Scottsdale.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you Mothers and Mother fuckers. I have been waiting to say that all year!
Already sucked into this new episode of
PT words cannot express how grateful I am to you. Thank you for being obedient to call on your life! Love you
I hope everyone had a good #SB11 and rep'ed IU where ever y'all went!?! Keep spreading the word about Quiquor Liquor!!!!
If you covered Halestorm's "Here's to Us" I would be your biggest fan! :)
May have an accepted offer!
That awkward moment when you find old notes in your locker from your exbestfriend....
I see civil rights as national concerns. Period.
bowling on ESPN!
What if you were hacked by Z or Bella? Haha I'm jk. That would be a little creepy
No prob fam! RT S/o to my brotha for helping me w/ doing some video edits.
LMFAO. well just make sure it is tomorrow!
Hello my dear!! Please tell your Mom I said Happy Mother's Day!
Catching up on and laughing aloud!
Wade shove was behind Collison, at least Blake knew contact was coming
Dudes should just accept fault... makes life easier..
Chillin on the recliners in sears
What a great super bowl!!!
SO U SEE THIS?
I MADE SNOWBALL STAFF :))
I miss my iPod
Might have to delete my twitter account. :( Thanks mom, for being such a bitch. (yeah,i hope you see this tweet)
#LeBron wants no parts of #CHI ..... why would he want to follow down a trail already blazed by Jordan???
you're gonna love it!!!!
Can I be your Valentine
hey lady just wanted 2 let u know, that I always like u. & I watch ur show everynite Lots of Love coming from "Detroit"....313
There's no such thing as coffee stain resistant t-shirts or no-spill coffee cups so I'm gonna go with Tide pen. Who's got one?
did you see you surprise for you on your desk? Just put it in your wallet.
Good ol' factorials.
If you have questions about our service, please call our support line at 877-77-FOLIO ext.1 or email at
i am one lucky girl.
wow ur lucky i gata wait another hour for it to come on:/ and btw somehow i knew u were gana reply back to that ha ily:)
yup, and all-in-all, #Brewers middle relief just plain stinks.
thanks good how's urs?
Im in the city for the day washing clothes and bout to hang wit my cuz and godson should be a fun and interesting day
A few installations of OvalAir but not of GeoMass, we're looking for prototype sites now.
Hi Marta, thanks for the follow!
man, Laidback Luke just started getting sick and killing it 30min into the EDC 2011 Live set.
Your stash scares the crap out of me….
We would like to thank all the Rage family(coaches,players, volunteers,fans) for everything they gave us this year.
Yeah. I am sorry. But that's good too, the employees are fun to talk to
Haven't seen E.T. in such a long time
So glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for the picture.
Friday the 16th
Slim chance of success RT : Perfect, been an mlb.tv subscriber since the beginning, i'll be following closely.
These damn lovebugs..pissin me off.
Real shit happen to real people!
He's awesome. Like you have to ask.
where are you???
thanks for the RT! Have a wonderful weekend.
Boy how big is you?
I'm impressed man haha dope
We should go head to head. Or maybe be in the same circle. You'll see what that means halfway through the book. Book club?
I want to sign up for a CSA this year! I'm actually staying put this summer :)
Oh is that right Lol... so what's good Haha
Its the city bitch. You can seriously sit there with your hazard lights on and park anywhere.
show me
Dunno maybe its psychological, but last two army guys I fucked were both 9 inches + and thick as a horse. Felt amazing though!
and you're still amazing :) please come to Edinburgh soon?!
I'm up reading all your blogs. Should be editing stories. Or, sleeping. I'm very convinced that we need an op-ed from you.
I hate how we not laying together
YES YES YES YES YES
I hate when I tell somebody I'm dying my hair and they ask what color... The same color I've been dying it for months now, idiots.
Harbaugh played some damage control with Osemele could compete for RT spot. Said all positions are open, with the obvious exceptions
lmao! And your calls are not lame!!!
81 and sunny today in #Miami. Being stuck inside and working on Facebook ads should be illegal!
Give me the good old #RedSox bullpen days of John Wasdin and Heathcliff Slocumb.
Bobby Perry cant sign in to his email because of criminals in his emai;
pushing down to the finish line .... #BeastMode wouldn't let me off... I just finished a 10.2 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Thxs sweetie! You know I love you too! My gosh, when aren't you being wild! But if I were married to you I'd do the same! :)
I know Tom Cruise is nuts, but I still love him. :)
Wow. Crash there yesterday, too. Stolen car.
Yup.. can't get away
lmao ! something wrong with you lol !
This morning i feel pretty good, hopefully i can keep this allergy thing under wrap, #52days and counting
Love this new app - start real conversations with friends-of-friends and stop Facebook stalking! Check out
Gurl what u going to cook?
all 3 of us have skin skin and skin!
Sounds like an art-filled weekend! Have fun. :)
make sure you wash your hair once every two weeks.
Online learners prefer all corrections coated in a positive tone; negativity increases a disconnect
You mean to Fayette County?
not me thats for sure… like legit read my tumblr post haha
“ Discernment without love inevitably turns into criticism.”
No? Ok goodnight anyway..
thnx for the follow!!
Trying out Beta for a new Social site for creatives only, The Filter Foundry. www.filterfoundry.com
it's in austin! Hopefully we'll have some in San Antonio soon!
just want my shit to come in the mail omg
Tom Hanks May Play Walt Disney in Mary Poppins Film ‘Saving Mr. Banks’ via
is already regretting this. God Damnit, Kayla.
iwant to go see Katy Perry Part Of Me in 3-D
Well, Kim Kardashian has weighed in on Obama's decision, and that's all we need to know.
HOLD THE PRESSES - Politicos will be on Morning Joe Wednesday Morning -
Nothin to lose
Iphone users: what do you think of the new iPhone 4S?
5 days until #NASPA, 10 days until #sxsw2012. nonstop friends and music.
Seriously, iTunes? One of your security questions is asking where I was on January 1, 2000?
The Lakers don't stand a chance. I say Thunder in five, maybe six.
can't wait to next week!
Stop saying "get on my level". You are no better than anyone else you arrogant fuck.
oh Jesus that just happened to em i about died
hi Alex, thank you for the follow up you and Simon rock!!!
~"fail is the word that people who don't try use to try to make fun of those that do" - at
mid bananas?
Excited for tomorrow!
1984 the film: just as depressing as the book, but with a surprisingly groove-worthy electronica soundtrack.
WDF is you talking about?
“: well said candy. #CELTICSNAITON” < YES
Hoes b lurking trying to see what a niggah doin wat u want a niggah
I want some Curry Shrimp!
Thanks for the promo, Robal!
I guess it's # ThirstyThursday in 314 at the Heights. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
#hastac2011 While I totally relate to this conversation re. #alt ac, I also wonder how those trained in I Science feel re. HUM interlopers..
Thanks for the follow.
they are [insert any other boy band name here]
you are an inspiration to #10millionbeliebers and we all love you and support you! CONGRATS!! You deserve it! :)
#FridayReads THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE by Stephen King (Dark Tower #4.5 or #8, take your pick!)
Hey there, Ali! Kenneth Gartman here from NYC. Haven't seen you since I came over and saw you in Jerry Springer. How goes?
still waiting for to respond about taking me to next year's
On 'Cuse/Wisconsin game "if you look at the score you will know who is winning the game". -Charles Barkley
haha. That's cool and creative! :]
What about Shawn Michaels, John Morrison, Randy Orton or Steve Austin?
thank you! God Bless!! :)
IM PARTYING UP AND LISTENING TO IN THE YARD!!
Thanks for retweeting! Are you interested in writing a review of FlashCards++?
heat are falling off
Thank you so much!
MACBOOK AIR STOLEN: REWARD OFFERED AND THIEF MAY LEAVE LAPTOP TO BE FOUND IN HORN AND I WONT PURSUE IT FURTHER
highlander was a documentary
follow back ?
you are not wrong.
You know what I just LOVE. When someone is clearly a huge fucking bitch to one of your friends, yet your friend keeps talking to them...?
The recipe calls for half a cup of sugar-- my bad, I meant a whole cup. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
The Video clearly shows Andrew Shaw came no where near Mike Smith's Pussy!!
I love it! Thanks for creating it.
On to the next one...
IDK BUT IT WILL BE US, AND JUST THEM<3 -dead0-
thank you, thank you!
RT if you support Justin Bieber if so send me a pic of you cause I'm makin a vid of all the supports and sending it tO Justin Bieber
Very good luck!
Nice one.
Have you heard? Tomorrow is FREE Calzone day at DP Dough, 4-8p! 1259 N High St. [pick-up only]
Not gone text anybody first today,, and see how many texts I get : X
Urban Bird Celebration running great. Live birds on display until 1PM in our gallery, activities 'til 2 PM. Arts, crafts, nature and fun.
Loving Life!
Gave my mom her presents at midnight haha excited for a fun full day tomorrow! <U+263A>
looking forward to reading your tweets
o yes ma'am u really did
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks we were not born to slave away at 9-5's working for someone else?
I actually really wish I was working tomorrow cause it keeps me really busy and keeps my mind off of everything.
RT : Mobile apps require separate teams outside normal IT to be successful - Chris Kemmerer, Verizon
Great meeting you and thanks for intro. Looking forward to learning more about what you're up to
: Me too! I have a long date scheduled with my Bloglovin' list this weekend. :)
yeah, emmons isn't as bitchy
That's fantastic -- welcome to the ROC! #ur2016 RT : Officially enrolled in university of rochester's class of 2016
I was like that on the inside :(
Piano great, jazz warrior, AACM founding member and Chicagoan, Jodie Christian passed today. It was always my pleasure to work with him.
Maybe it's a good thing we have a vast shadowy foreign enemy against which to fearmonger. Without it, we'd probably just turn on ourselves
Now Manouchca wants her shift back tomorrow. Unbelievable.
I don't know why I bother asking what the drink specials are in Wrigleyville. It's always pabst or pabst with a shot.
And we'll all float on okay
*Low battery* *Low battery* *Low battery* Well apparently you have enough battery to Remind Me every 2 seconds. lol
aw! that's all it takes is one second...those babies are clever little people! Lol!
Charles De Gaulle~ Deliberation is the function of many action is the function of one.
Sushi and a movie with my favorite person!
TRAFFIC ALERT: 1 car accident US 151 SB after Hwy. 19. Use caution in area.
RT : Giraffe. So fab. RT : One of my faves for spring-summer Neimans also has Maniac pumps....
In the actual game, Tebow outplayed Moore, Palmer, Rivers, Ponder, Hanie, Sanchez, and Cassel. So he's atleast better than 7 NFL QB's
This wind is making my hair look like a mess
thx for following. edu_marketing is a feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading agency working in the .edu industry.
I will always love and support
who's their biggest inspiration???? :) aloha <3
Are you living life like a rock-star?
Yay! I'm there and so is Missi and Anita
Seattle Public Library just opened recruitment for the first time in years. I'm very tempted!
you need to verify shes a model and will be a disney actress
I like to wear sweaters even when it's hot
moving on
I'm half-happy about this.
Its ok to buy Dawn solely on the basis that they have a duck on the bottle, right?
Good Morning! The sun is shining! Hope it is beaming down on you, too!
Good day, sad I didn't get to see the best guy ever. :/
Freeze Me,EVERYBODY LOOKING
When all else fails... Eat a cracker!!!
here for a meeting. Will you be in the arts district tomorrow at 11?
All ive been doing is hanging out and making money while doing it so I'm not complaining
Welcome! Hit the right place at the right time, plenty of costumes. :)
haha... It's a very thin pancake. Basically a crepe. Those are lingonberries on top. Good stuff. Try it!
hi! We premiered your video here at ! Any way to get a clean copy from you?
The growing cost of mailing products makes it imperative to be on the lookout for services that reduce your overall cost. AMS can help!
A Chula Vista principal says staff ignored donuts he brought in after start of new wellness program. Such a thing as collective will power?
Kinda Friend She Suppose To Be Flat Ass Hoeeeeee
We have a stack of signed first editions of Madeleine Albright's new book PRAGUE WINTER in the store now. They won't last long!
Tonight club harlo 2300 w. North ave in Melrose park Illinois....no cover all night dj fenix and dj a-m on the 1s & 2s 9pm-2m....
did she say erase state lines?
Hate brussels sprouts? Not the way I make them! www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com - very tasty gluten and dairy free cooking
I'm an RSL fan and even I felt bad. MT : Sick to my stomach watching defend. Their fan base deserve better...
Akon Birthday bash is where to be in Atlanta, VIP baby. Xtamina Energy Drink do everything big!!
Goddamn, New York... Don't be afraid to unbutton past the 2nd button
Right after all that exercise of course.
RT : Can't believe they threw out that Arizona Diamondbacks fan in Colorado for throwing back the home run ball. #MLB #Rocki ...
wow! Note to self: go easy on your breaks.
Foles fumbles again...this time CU gets it
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.—Roy Disney
Denny Hamlin is awsome! I wonder where he's gonna put another grandfather clock..
dark skin niggas burn bacon
My twitter needs to shut down after midnight....
I could hang out for a couple hours... want me to come over? I just have to be home by 4
I'm going crazy!!
All ladies are free before 11pm! 2nite #ClubDowntown $2 for any beer $4 Any mixed Drink or Shot--> And it's not well drinks! #TopShelf-->$4
Wow, that's a lot of books in one year! Congrats!
not really, just tired! :)
SHUT THE FUCK UP. YOUR ANNOYING.
I don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it.
I'm in Jackson and we're not getting much of anything. is in Tosa so she'll have the #drearyandamp too :)
surprise visit from
it sounds as if he's having his rear forcibly violated with a 10lb dumbbell.
That will never work unless she never fucked wit a industry dude
#thatoneperson who makes you smile in spite of any circumstance (:
I don't get to see the Avengers until tomorrow, but you bet your sweet bippy I won't say anything about it online except "I loved it!"
9-11. Many meanings in a day. Thank you for remembering Gandhi, #peace #9-11 #September 11
freshly sliced orange peel...
Ok, I'm a dork. I thought it was today. See!? I'm SO dropping the ball. Friday? Maaayyybeeee :)
Happy 5th Birthday !
Did you block me, lol?
went to meijer to get groceries for cape cod. Had to poop. Now in stall nxt to guy breathing heavy n pooping. C u nxt wed
. Way to box up the T.P. bS w Carney! Nicely done!
I fuckin' hate cliche people, because they are fraudulent.
Got done early at work:)
I hate when people lie! Like just tell the truth.
RT : "Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision." — Peter Drucker |
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer
Older is always better...
So do I. When u think of it, LMK. How 'bout a dog day afternoon soon? Our own version of Happy Hour on 4 legs!
There's a #fire in SE #Baltimore, just heard & saw several fire trucks, raining but hazy & smoky sky. Went outside & started coughing
Looking for magento expert. Know anyone?
I'm so vain... I do Relay For Life just for the exercise.
Lupe Fiasco at the Schnitz, huh? Is that the first rapper to ever headline there?
One big positive from NC Amendment One, there is a dialoge concerning human rights that was not happening before.
Happy GREEN day!
y am i so tiered already?!
Watching the secret life
Chippy leaving Oregon looks a lot like Pete leaving USC before the sanctions struck. We will see...
Beware the ides of March, y'all!
will ask you about hydra packs soon..shoulder bladder vs hip bladder stuff!! thx for all tonight..off to bed!!
Thanks guys! Share the wealth! b.
love yaa to
I think my hair slightly resembles Beowulf today. FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!
Thanks Eileen for hosting another great tweetchat!
I know I know. I just feel like they aren't gonna happen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
While you are pursuing your dream & being a performer, pls take time out to be just a person. That's how you realize it's enough.
Just arrived in Augusta
"Whoever wants to understand much must play much.” - Gottfried Benn, German physician (1886–1956)
really? You think he is interested?
Bored I can't sleep and there is nothing on tv worth watching <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
hahahah johnny b good
Make sure you watch us tomorrow night, Live on the Johnny P. Show in Staten Island!
it's turning out to be a great game bro
everyones following right!! We need to help them get more followers! :) myspace.com/poemaofficial
5! Plus classes, babies etc. It was an inspiring but tiring week!
long & straight, with a splash of precision!
Me and Eric were hoping that walker would get him.
My father-in-law just slurred, "I never get drunk on Jack and Daniels.". Lol
can you pleassseee follow me :D? x
Can I say BS
A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he's finished.
If there was no resurrection, then why was there no body?
Hope everyone is having a happy holiday season.
Dear Board of Education, so are we.
that's because you're a classy mofo.
looking beautiful!
Tweet...tweet
Wow. Good (exhausting) day. pastor school, taught a workshop on #git and , and led our community group with
have you ever dislocated any jaws with that beastie in your pants? if not I officially believe in miracles.
i feel you were you trying to go text me so we could talk 1347 788 7809
Hi everyone. Nothing new to post today, but if you have something I should write about, send a DM or email to !
#glaucoma is the 2nd leading cause of blindness.Typically no early warning signs,Make an appt for your routine eye exam
Congrats on the !!!
hahahahahahahahaha...that's a good one ;)
DJCLARINET Presents a Cavalcade of Clarinet at Coffee and Friends Cafe (2/25)
thanks friend! I have too, but nobody warns you about the emotional transition of being "alone" all day. lol.
I'm six inches from cutting you.
lol you know im
Walking into a class with all the kids who don't speak english, because the school made a mistake and put you in there.
HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, dropouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
for the win!
Playin Resident Evil 5 with my son.
Miami Dolphins: Deciphering fact from fiction regarding Jake Long
Just when I told myself I didn't care....voila....then, I do.
very nice! One day we might open for lunch...Glad you enjoyed...how about Meli?
I'm sad I didn't have the time to pay more attention to the #cildc stream these past few days. Hope to search out blog posts for roundups.
Gym Time :)
that is the whole point of flatiron. It's the parts you need to build a framework. It's geared toward engineers, not users
is finishing up a Feb getaway to Riviera Maya for clients.
The difficult we do immediately;the impossible takes a little longer US Army
Yes, it was!
Have you ever peeped that show M$ Contractor is the man on that show.Check him out on Big Dawg With A Big Heart
when will you come back to Philippines?
thanks v. I appreciate it.
I decided last year my new dream to reach for before I turn 40 is to throw out the first pitch at OPACY for my , 9 yrs to achieve:)
Yeah, so when can I live on my own?
Tits r OK too I guess o_O
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
DC Sports. We don't do regulation.
That's impossible.
It's always darkest before dawn. Dawn never seems to come. Darkness growing, black enveloping.
I love my mother <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Had an awesome/uplifting conference call this morning...what a great start to my day!
Off to band camp
I am IN!
i'm going to try to get you to follow me when i meet you tomorrow in LA....been trying for a year i hope it will happen
Of course That would just be expected of such classiness.
thats good ahaha what did you do?
I just went for a walk with Mom & Dad. I took a big pee in someones yard. OOOOPSSSIEEEEEE. I couldnt hold it any longer.
That was tough tony parker
The greatest crime in the world is not developing your potential. When you do what you do best, you are helping not only yourself, but the w
So Old Style is back at Wrigley for at least two more years...glad I won't have to put Wrigley on the R.I.P. list...
Nothin like it!!! RT : Home sweet home.
just had a weekend without wifi, no air on the bus, and everybody crabby from it. great to be back in prague.
is working on a giving brochure
I haven't but I so need to! Sounds like a perfect Sunday challenge for me :)
Just learned Giuliana's delicious crust recipe. She is turning me into a homemade pizza master! Call us and we'll make a pizza JUST FOR YOU!
my friend does i can get it i live in hollywood
the mavs look so old on the court i swear im looking at a old folks home
Chloe was amazing! I cried a little!
Why are you up so early? :)
great. i have to go back to that tomorrow... god if you'll let me have one night be good, please let it be semi-formal. i dont deserve this.
im Baked over cooked, well done...lmao
Äaaaaaaaaa! I knew it!!!!!!!
likes to lick buttholes in her spare time
Does ban cell phones in the car after just crashed?
...the way you bend my will. NRBQ version by any chance?
NOW>>Big Russ is playing the best classic Doubleshots of all time #Rock #Radio #Rock #Punk #Music #Oldies #Classic #Poconos #RT RT RT RT
/ great as usual- no sleep though! Love the EA vid!
I love lazy sunday's
We're featuring the best of the best notebooks, items, & users from Check it out!!
I think the longer someone stays in office, the more they move toward the middle. Helps in getting stuff done.
seeing trees covered in white christmas lights makes me happy. :)
Probably another night!! I don't think I wanna be up here watching that game! Id rather be in Chicago! LOL
MT : I wonder why it seems I'm the only person in my family who cares about things like marriage equality. [me too]
Check the stacks my team winning
It was either Alejandro or Monster (that segment of the show) and some feathers were flying to the front and she grabbed one.
I dont know if my heart can take another death but maybe
So it's like 11, haven't done my geometry homework && I have school tomorrow
thx for asking! Very thoughtful! She is back to her healthy self - and fortunately no one else got sick
Well, then somebody's getting a big BO-HUG!
People are trying to throw things at my best friend
WOO IT LOOKED LIKE YOU WERE ABOUT TO HAVE A HEARTATTACK AT KCA BACKSTAGE :)
Nancy Grace exposes breast on DWTS. She's the Tit Mom.
How do we do this and what qualifies us? I have a fb page for my J-work!
Happy Birthday
Facebook, Other Social Media May Help Prevent Suicide - Medscape
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 2
If death had a taste, it'd taste like black licorice.
No resolutions for me. Instead, I try/learn/do new things. 2008: bike (did the STP!). 2009: garden. 2010: learn to play the electric bass!
Hm... Carrot/beet juice or leftover pizza for lunch?
ready to watch #mizzou take on #ou at #mizzouarena. let's go, tigers!
YES!! RT Guys in gray polos or V-necks >>>>
Just bought myself a new purse. :D Let efficiency and chicness rule my outfits!!
Again im just saying yu could do better
Where all the mad rappers at?
And I'm at barleycorn at 3in the afternoon...why.
#MLK encouraged us to live up to the promises of the Declaration of Independence,...
The #Royals are not supposed to be this horrible.
Due remember that reservations are required!!! so please call ahead
Time for Fat Kid Salad: obligatory lettuce & such, but more importantly Fried Chicken, Bacon & Tater Tots.
RT : Is attending #ufc 108 tonight at !! No cover with this tweet. RT GO!!!
People being ignorant about weeden
The only constant is change, the only certainty is improvement.
“: i am in a relationship with myself because its the only way ill never get hurt.”
#ForGreaterGlory is the most powerful films I have seen in a long time. It's a movie about freedom and conviction. A movie for our times.
For all our donors... come meet the team tonight, and help us celebrate. 8pm in SF. Suggest a place for 100 people?
Mitt Romney is not the right choice for America. What a lack of leadership.
I am! is volunteering to help with parking.
“: the camera is too. lol” the camera has been buying me shots all night..I think he wants to get lucky ahh ha ha blaah
Changing my hair color AGAIN. It's highly addicting.
Im sayin bro I had to get my bird game on I gotta see what the buzz is about lol
"Let The Right One In"
How about a "Real Sex"-type show on the DIY network - working title - "Tit for Tatting".
Haha what a joke
thank you :)
Welcome New Followers : )
Feeling a little overwhelmed, my #ReadingStreet materials are rolling in & there is a lot! It will b awesome once I figure it out!
A snitch nigga , dats the shit I don't like.
about to hit up the studio!! Time to work on some footage!
I love all the Sophia and Rosie videos! The one with is amazing! <3
This is a disappointment
Super snow forced me to stay in a hotel near the theater last night...it was pretty cool.
Not so much about her songs and music...but more about the person:beautiful, great actress and huge talent. An icon of her time.
Nor do 90% of fans.
...so we need to get our active web users in same room with other community/audience members. -
“: Everything God ever asks you to do, even if it’s difficult, He asks because He has something great in mind for you.”
I'll bring my crown and sash and well play dress up!!
Love you too!
What do you think? True or False? Baking soda and baking powder last forever.
Sunday would have been my grandmother's birthday. Happy birthday Grammie!
dinner with = epic success return trip = epic fail. 4.5 hrs and 2 trains later I'm still not in DC
Tip for Tuesday! Drive slow the roads are getting slippery! If you need lunch just Sit-Click-Eat! www.wausautogo.com
If I'd had known my sisters birthday was going to turn into a full on party I would have done my work earlier.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
From 6-7 tonight the UW Marching Band (or at least part of it) will be at the totally remodeled #ZimbrickBuick. Bring the kids!
Well . . . Off work today. Guess i'll go hang with my besties and my god daughter.
Heading out to the Notre Dame Reunion and signing THE BOLERO OF ANDI ROWE at the ND bookstore on Saturday, 1-3PM!
These females need to learn coming outside with your head not comb is not whats up... Baby get a comb, brush, or a wig
LOL, you damn sure deserve a break. I'm suppose to fly to Texas next month to visit old friends
i dont post that in public.. i'll text it to you.
Ha! It was definitely an amazing weekend getaway!
Good morning w/His Holiness, the #DalaiLama,& great afternoon giving public comment to water board!
Einsteins Theory of Relativity: sit in class for a minute- feels like an hour. sit next to a pretty girl for an hour- feels like a minute.
Why me... Forreal man
is chad and them there right now?
Am just seeing this tweet! Thank you SO much for reading :) It's very appreciated.
9-9-8 in games that Collin has played this year. 7 of those wins were shutouts
Really? Are you on meth? Chk won? Good Lord, stop being Okie ignorant. Nationally, CHK is a joke
you said u couldnt!
BTW, for the conference folks, I tweet for , but I'm keeping this today on my personal account,
Heal quickly LaMichael!
Indeed! The Spicy Orange Delight was tasty.
Does anybody have a calculator. I need it for my math test <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Power went out in the house. I was experiencing connectivity withdrawals. Luckily got my fix via iPhone
haha good morning to you too and thx :)
what... jury duty in November! Wonderful. Do u think I can call a recess during the trail to go and pump? - (HA)
Fuck those mittens, people get hurt with that shit
We would love to submit trax to your artist. The Orphanz™
We think we've found somewhere nice in South Lake Union. You now in town? Saw you sold your place. Congrats!
Happy Easter to everyone!
I love the fact that is a Belieber and a Directioner! :D I LOVE YOU! <U+2764> #followmemaybe?
His name's Edison Gray DiSciullo, but we call him Grayboy, which became Grayboy the Playboy, which became many other nicknames
Good morning, rise and grind:) Have a great day!! :)
hello there my friend!
brian roberts taking bp in KC... go b rob
this is so for you! “: You are all Cover Girls! Don't be silly ;)”
LADIES LOVE ME! oh yes they do & <3 :)
#Top100Lies - "I never check my Facebook events."
Tryna go pick up my phone tomorrow
This game should be over. Bulldogs get it together!
so then you're not really sick of it! You're just nice!
Laura Chenel is the cheese maker Sorry for the delay in reply
Enjoying a little sand, sun & warm water like in the old days.... Loving Miami
Following the Dalai Lama on Twitter seems weird. I guess I'm not that spiritual.
Sorry - might have been little obscure ;)
Such a good mood!
If the fries are #outstanding then I will have solely as a meal. Sometimes you can get good fries at outdoor fairs
we will pass that along to the appropriate people, sorry about that.
deadline quickly approaching. many more booktalks to write!
Save the date for free beer: Wednesday, Feb. 15 at Echo Tap. Details to come!
Lawyers can now read, review & annotate deposition transcripts on a BlackBerry with our free Mobile Transcript app
GO FOLLOW BRAD PLEASE! <3
Feeling sad for who is missing Justice tonight and who is missing Coldplay.
Man Devoted rest of Life, to help Abused Children and Build a Safe House. www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
I love your bio! :)
Going to look into the split/collect. Guess I'll try parallel/collect by hand to see what happens.
Make sure all you lawlorffs wanting to show love DM us your pics before friday ends we want all of you to be apart of this. lawlorffs go!:)
Kobe is better than Jordan.
Thankfully, the perfect mixture of chill and humidity has been achieved. Snow has come to Kansas City!
I was about to beat this dude ass in this alley
Paul Pierce tebowed after his huge game. Get off.
Wish my debit card could only be used by passing a breathalyzer.
my allergies are fucking killing me.
Arrogant, selfish and self centered people
The bank called me at 5:06 on a Friday to chat about merchant services, but I was in a bar, so I asked her to call me on Monday.
We're legitimate. Just still building. :-) Watch for a beta launch late this spring.
Meat Loaf with mashed potatos and corn $13.95 Tonight !!! $2.50 Bud light pints all day!!!!
I know some beliebers get hate, But remember nothing compares to what Justin gets. And yet, he still smiles lets Learn from him #StayStrong<U+2665>
i can lol now... but i was pissed aftr that call
omg was it that good?!
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory like the soundtrack to a July Saturday night.
hey angel in the snow , im under the mistletoe ; you are the one ,youre my very own christmas love <U+2665>
Being an Asshole is not a part of my regular attitude, Its something I complimentary offer to those who deserve it.
Happy Birthday To Me! :)
Hey , all you need to remember is things happen for a reason. He wasn't the "one". That person is still waiting for you.
ew pork chops are nasty
RT : Small Business: 10 Secrets of a Successful Entrepeneur:...
Open mic tonight with Jeordie! 915pm plenty of drink specials and come check out the new menu!
I love the fact that my room is clean for the first time in a long time
Ridley. Was Prometheus one of the best movie filmmaking experiences you've had?
Her we come...
LOL U WERE DOING THE SEXY DANCE LOL
Hart has wheels tonight! Whoo hoo!
RT When the odds of success are close enough to 50/50, every bit of practice that you've invested will ground your luck.
& Are SOO Pretty .., I'm forever jealous (;
Like I'm that important!
Bringing the San Gabriel Mountains Closer to the People KCET Departures Green Justice / Support Alternative D before Feb. 13, 2012...
aight im done... i promised #oomf & myself i wouldnt "vent" on Twitter anymore cuz the way i do is childish & im tryna grow my ass up
that's your fault Chode
Time to go #vote!
We are open on Christmas Day !
HE'S PERFECT OMF
We're wearing our on Saturday night
Hey Wendy.
I'm taking band and a computer class #imanerd haha
Making a meal out of Doritos because that's the kind of person I am.
I miss middle school relationships.. It wasn't about sex, lying, or cheating.
Amen. 'Til we meet again. Rest on beloved!
Yes. Girl I'm just seeing this rt. Ugh. Where is the notification on this thing!!! 1st book is its ur time-joel olsteen.
haven't been on twitter in a while. not liking it
When you know your dreams will come true, time isn't an issue. Learn to let it go...
I miss you!
Under Bush it was over 11trillion, has continued to grow since 08 meltdown. Not all increase on Obama. Tell the Truth!!
Timberlake's solo stuff is the only example. Nothing else good came from that dark, dark time for music.
If I go to sleep I probably won't get up in time for my appt smh
just saw you are in Austin. You going to the ICHC/Bing party tonight? It'd be great to connect again.
Stripper bidness started in africa...
It's morning...again. Didn't we just have to do morning yesterday?
Don't forget to click the Coupons tab for $1 off value sizes of our new Men's, Women's and Platinum 50+ Gummy Vitamins!
I know! Both of them, just, gahh.<3
football would die w/o the violence in the sport... Look at pro bowl as example
Twitter twitter twitter
Random follow winners 4 Free Ice Cream R & Congrats we will send u a DM soon. Can't wait 2 CU in Old Sac
KKIA software is also abusing the keywords. Their apps have nothing to do with zombies, but appear at the top of the search
#Knicks Better Not Fuck This Last Quarter Up …. Lets Get It ….
#ItsNotARealRelationshipUntil you leave some clothes and/or a tooth brush at each others house. Yall know what I'm talkin 'bout!
I like pie.
it's totally twilight fanfication. i didn't know it when I read it, but looking back it's pretty obvious.
I think we raised some $$$. Word is HOB? How do I get on the list, help a fellow Treme brother out.
This year marks 50th anniversary of women allowed to attend the WH Correspondents Dinner....
Out of step
you're welcome! :]
She thinks she's gangsta.
And aye-e-aye-e-eye Will Always Loaf You
tell me about you. whats's your name?
must be because you were there
good way to get me to unfollow you is to sincerely begin a tweet with the following: "A profitable home business idea:"
It's going to be blazing hot in the library today. All those windows make for an awesome view most days, but like a glass oven on hot days..
The greatest challenge any successful org faces is finding the guts to risk that success in order to accomplish something great. -Seth Godin
It always takes me uh min 2 get wit Nicki's music
Would you like to work from home? To help pets? To help people? www.GenesisRxHealthOpp.com
hey! it's great for even when you've left it at a friend's!
Black Hogg in Silver Lake is absolutely amazing. Bacon popcorn is actually as good as they sound. An LA restaurant that truly delivers.
im glad we both have da gift of humor......no matta how ugly a guy (im not sayin ur ugly) is he still pull girls from humor.
More like 'fck my indecisive family who cannot commit to anything!'
I think there is an AC adapter attached to it RT : How do I know if I have an enhanced drivers license? Anyone know?
I pay my dues, dues getcha done.
on second thought...it might be classified as a pickle fest!!!0
Correction kettle1 n vodka..wat y'all no bout dat!
afraid that's not just for college students.
- You're welcome Nick! You've always been one of my favs on Twitter! Take care.
Your ICON ^_^ , Amazing Smile Much ?[:
I screwed up :(
okcupid is a weakness ;) (but i still have one)
I Luv Beyonce's Givenchy gown from the #MetGala last night! LOVE! :)
Watching Pirates of the Caribbean isn't as good when you've seen it with period....lol
MNF and WWE.... what a night to stay home...
These hoes are not doing shit today.
I guess, but then you'd have to go to the trouble of finding one RT Isn't the easy answer to just ask POC what they think?
Lmao...enjoyed it?
cooking saury soup with red pepper. it tastes of tuna but smells of a rotten squid
thank u for following
Zipping up the man suit to tackle the double loop double peak ride.
god's balls. new curse in the tradition of s'wounds/zounds: z'ballz!
Um should cover that Starships song by Nicki Minaj. That would be AWESOME, don't ya think?
Time for another in our HQ. Work on a project, meet some fellow devs, drink some beer. Tonight from 7-10ish.
Kindle reader on iPad, please
Thank you for all the extra effort, guidance and advice! Can't wait to see the new paint! #BesthandymaninHouston :)
discovery channel
If I can talk to you about game of thrones, the walking dead, and TrueBlood
Im bored!!!! Text me.
yeah, I have to say that Aldridge is still the most awkward spokesman. Local commercials are the worst though.
Did she shout "LET'S DRIVING!" before starting? She should consider that for next time.
Foster creativity, empowerment, collaboration. Replace "school"/"education" w/ "work" and I swear we'd have same convo.
How cool is the ceremony for hanging the Stanley Cup banner in Boston? Gave me goosebumps.
On this date in 1986, Whitney Houston's 'How Will I Know' hit #1 on the charts
its foursquare it does what it wants. Stop bitching and turn my notifications off :p it's creepy
i'll get back to you :)
then they'd talk about me in interviews as their craziest fan
Maybe one of your requirements for a swap is that the other party take care of your family pet, or maybe it doesn’t
They don't let you change the channel at the Byrne Dairy?
": Imma $how u how to get this cake.. #bagofmoney" M! Oh, is it chocolate?!
Was going to work on audio book this AM, but surrounded by the sound of lawnmowers on all sides. Must be Yard Maintenance Monday.
So uncomfortable in these sneakers. Must. Break. In.
a little further then 6 mi.
I can't stay mad or feeling some type of way for too long. What's the point? I'm good:)
Lol this must mean you're back in LA RT Valet parking at Pizza Hut? F*ck right off.
so very nice to come home to kind b-day wishes... many thank yous!
*nods head* this is how we roll! The early bird gets the bacon! RT : whoa, this is early....
Jan Wright shares this quote: "Redundancy is the antidote to confusion" - esp relevant to eIndexing.
up got a fucking ear infection...pain like a mufucka so i rolled me one....lets just say the herb takes the pain and welling down
Spent my Saturday night (off) breaking down a script. Wouldn't have it any other way!
Totally butchered the spelling on my last tweet
im fine, my acc was hacked and it barely got recoeverd, so ye aim back, how have u been?
Oh no, they threatened to do it and they did. I hate this new facebook timeline.
Why hasn't Forensic Files figured out who stole the cookie from the cookie jar through DNA analysis yet?
Romney's supporters - Governor, Lt. Governor, Michigan State Party Chairman wrote the rules of the GOP primary. They allowed DEM votes.
Do you know what is a Ladle? It's the utensil of choice for stir frying with a northern-style wok.
is quitting her blog and I don't know what to do with myself. D: First Academic Chic, now her...
#AUNEPAD Media part and parcel of development, what is the role of Journalists in reporting AU and NEPAD?
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Eat five different kinds of Mayo today! IT'S TRADITION.
#Baradei: War in #Iraq a #WarCrime and calls for investigation to hold accountable those responsible for deception behind the war
Happy Cinco De Mayo errrrybody! Celebrating tonight :D
Look I cant even mention erybody here right now. S/O to
I hear they are free but first come first serve. That's all I know.
Hoping to see my sister. But nope i guess its to late :/
#DearMonday dont screw up or tuesday will take your place
but does he have disco lighting??
Eating tacos, watching replay of Phillies game, drinking from Mako's pint glass.
pressure, hurries, holding penalties drawn
thanks for the RTs!
&#9822; Protect your home
How come?
great news! MTM
God is so good!
Don't ask for reassurance from others. Pray to the Father, he provides all the assurance you need.
Just finished a new bomber!!!! NEXT :-)
course :) check out live schedule for a replay and we will also have the episode on-demand later today
It was absolutely the right call, but if this was Open Cup champ and it was KC I'd be screaming I'm sure.
you're too sweet!
If we leave the backdoor open they will sneak in.
Alert the pun police if he'll just be middle of the road!
like always!!! :D
#FF #FollowFriday RT : In honor of cinco de supermoon derby, we're having Chinese take out.
JR you called it today on ESPN 1000. NYR starting Biron fired up Q and the boys
Haha, Ryder gave me & shelbey a bull riding magazine with a whole bunch of cute rednecks in it, that's how we r spending our day! ;)
also, I don't know if you got my text (I have 2 numbers for you) but Happy Birthday, I love you, you're awesome, that's the gist…
The earth day google logo is frickin' adorable!
when is yo trunk party
New schedule makin me lazy sleep the whole time I'm home then bein preggo don't help
Oh :/ sorry to hear about it love </3
Goodmorning everyone! I hope you all have a great Friday(:
so happy to see my favorite girl...nic!!! Loved trying on dresses and feeling like I was 20 again!!
honestly I think we kinda do!
#GoLiveWed w ya guy , w @ THE J SISTERS, n #teamnakedhustle, 50 sexy ladies
In the midst of a motorcycle accident, man finds himself composing a song to the rhythm of his helmet bouncing across the street #radiolab !
what flick?
Riviera supper club in La Mesa. Great Juke box.
You're going to do #GREAT things for His name sake!! EXCIT8D 4 YOU!!!
RT if you have 11 toes
and She says Baby it's 3am I must be lonely
I'm kicked back they call me the beach Dr.
I'm so lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely...
This is how the beat goes, this is how the beat goes. just let your body go.
loved it! RT“: Thanks so much to everyone who watched Joan Knows Best this season. We had a lot of fun...hope you did too! #JKB”
heart you sweetie. :)
yeah cant wait to see too! #SCRSCReamTeam all day!
Nemo gonna grow up to be a gang member because his Popz was so over protective
Missing Dirk's hair... My haircut's tomorrow... Hope that doesn't happen to me!
Ohgod. Should we call someone?! RT : Whenever someone does CaPiTaLiZaTioN thing in tweets, I assume they're having a stroke.
how long will you be in Vermont? Birthday of mommy right?
i can honestly say i dont care for more than 6 people that aint family , and im fine with that
AH Call Of Duty Black Ops!!! The best digital crack on the market today.
RIVERVIEW TONIT! First of the season.
Kelsey lowkey just made my day
Why am I seeing the #bobcats name on my tl? Didn't those dudes win like 7 games??? Why are they being mentioned during playoff time???
wow really random! Cool that they UStream it!
What animal do you look like when you get into the bath ? A little bear !
Well, i sick
Sorry I missed this, Andy. They get $1.25.
When is the last time you played? I've recently partaken in some old video games and was quite disappointed.
S/o to 2nd ward,Manchester ,n Denver harbor
REALLY diggin that track "If I Die Youngin" its sum real ish
haha well thank you!! oh gosh that just made my night!!<3
hehe sorry, i was cutting my shirt AND failed :/
Is it weird that I find Jeffrey Dahmer utterly fascinating?
Chicken??? I thought i was a mouse!
Too fuckin' long!
#iWonderIf this world will ever be peaceful at one point...
Have you read the book?
Would be sweet if someone could manage to get me tix to tomorrow. Perfect birthday present.
im sorry bby
Also, is not SuperPAC. Not sure if you're ignorant or just lying at this point.
while waiting for the inevitable give Enlyton.com a try (still beta til Q1) & see if can help expedite your future research ambushes
Worst feelings : crying yourself to sleep, being ignored, discovering that the person you love loves someone else, not being loved back.
need you in Arizona....
Glad you're feeling better!
Zimmerman has already claimed that Martin was circling his car.
G-Shock Watches 4 Sale In White, Yellow, Black And Red... 1 For $70 an 2 For $100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!
When your apostrophe comes out as &#39;
I'll be at the homestead watching it on the big screen, looking for a big result.
catching people singing at the top of their lungs when the elevator door opens is one of life's simple pleasures.
You're very welcome! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
I have so many mixed emotions right now. Im gonna like cry.Hes leaving the place where he grew up and where his videos started omg.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Charlie and the chocolate titties
And she's right back to texting. Such is the magic of the kiss cam.
We need to prepare....?
A special thank you to everyone who came out to Karaoke Night last night we truly has a great time. We hope everyone has a great day!!!
I think pink :*
I was wondering- and so am I!
Oh yea!! it works
I sure hope is remembering to tweet from the account.... *evil boss side-eye*
Love this! <3 RT : 420: go deep inside and heal your tarnished/broken parts with LOVE energy! Green LIFE!
Can I throw in that Jeter was a Columbus Clipper, for know your Clippers?
": wear your football pants, I love them" what about just the cup?
NICE SAVE
I love how in Nola when there's a live band on a street corner EVERYONE stops to watch them. YEE.
Great dinner conversation last nite about the brain with Michael Posner, Dan Siegel and Jaak Panskeep.
Joe Matal who helped draft America Invents warns that a lot of powerful interests will be turned against patents by business method patents.
That is a good question. First, you need to give it to me. I will figure that out for you this weekend.
waiting for you to follow me ;) it's 1:10AM pretty pleasee?
hahahah :) where do u live?
Shame to waste a memorable effort by Kobe. But look at the bright side: Metta World Peace will be back to take on the
Finally at the end of this horrible, no good very bad day, I'm in my huge comfy bed in my old UNC sweatshirt and all is right in the world.
just realized used the correct form of "you're" while calling me beautiful <3
Take your time.. Just tell me what you want.
Just had an apple & grapes but I'm starving again what
is a beautiful dancer. Makes me mad, its an honor to dance with jessi, sammy, AND hannah
Went there last week..... Get the Enchilada, Tostada and Taco
BUT: Hall's book focusing on the traditional model, which may or may not continue to be viable.
Lol! You were the best #9 seed in the history of the GPAC..You guys were like the 2011 St.Louis Cardinals just running thru teams
Oh, you don't have your tickets from to go see this weekend? That's okay, there's still time to get some. :)
Be sure to visit booth #43 and say hi to Interfolio.; we'd love to chat with you . Also for a chance to win an iPad 2!
Looking forward to a second night with tonight. Oh, hang on. I'll rephrase...
Yoo, , I was at work ( ), folding clothes, and SHE SAID came on. You're getting so famous!<3 ah! I love it!
Oops sorry guys. You Deserve It is on at 9p on ABC tonight feat Bali Hai. Don't miss it!
Gobbledy-Gooker makes surprise appearance on RAW. and surprise, there is a stripper inside the suit.
Someone stole our tradeshow booth from the back of an employees truck. Hope it looks good in their living room...
If You Have Any Suggestions For Next Week , We Are Taking Them Now Txt 6465806445.
God provides the ingredients for our daily bread but expects us to do the baking. With our own hands!~BAMM.
you send it?
Thought I threw a whole vial of novolog away. Mom would not have been happy.
Sounds like things are going well for you there!
“ Females That Respect They Self ! <U+2665> . <U+2665>”
In the chilly Northwoods on a gray afternoon eating chicken soup in front of the fire.
Your presence makes me wanna vomit.
LEI Mobile will be shutting down tomorrow, January 18th, in protest of SOPA & and any other internet censorship legislation.
Hackathon presentations are kicking off- up first is txt.tel, a browser plugin that lets you talk on the phone with text
First President and now have used 's "Real American" theme music.
A father is a banker......provided by nature. French Proverb
I had hoped it would!! RT : you know this game is going to overtime anyway.
checking on my hoes that all!!
A watered down version of the Gospel is just not.......the Gospel.
my thoughts and prayers are with you in these difficult times.
listening to station on !
Nice goal by Ward. Can't say enough about Knuble. Huge upset. 7 seed takes out the defending Stanley Cup Champs.
I love you, Padova. my home away from home.
Help trend We Love Zendaya everyone :D
So you can get Pepsi Shiso for about $15 a bottle off Ebay. Worth it?
i swear i stay at the mall like i work there smh
Holding everything in is hard, holding it in around you is even harder
People speaking ill of paterno after his death need to get a grip. Maybe come down off the horse.
follow our personal accounts.
I happen to think the comparison is flattering.
What she said RT Damn beyonce's body is like...idk ancient royal civilization or some shit
Driving in heels <
hack your twitter !!!(;
Who is having a Halloween party this evening? Or going to a haunted house? Stay safe out there folks.
"Never settle for being someone's "other" when you know you have the potential to be someone's "only""
ok . U find someone else???
hey how did you get in touch with ? I want him to make my dream come true of meeting him! please help?
Happy #FatTuesday! We have a special cajun menu, tons of beads, decoration & #AbitaBeer tonight!!
Thank you! So are we! It's going to be quite the spectacle!
Talking about me behind my back? That means my life is obviously more interesting than yours.
Thank you again for pointing out the site errors. You are a real star! TechMoola cows salute you brother!
I'm feelin myself, hope you feelin me too
People in Wausau need their heads examined for voting in this gun nut Galloway.
congrats on the baby hilary sending all my love your way
Watching Silversun Pickups unplugged...very good!
It's crazy how some girls just want you for who your gunna be
hm... based on the sites I frequent, google ad preferences inferred that I was a 65+ male
ur mix almost done kid
so what do we have to do to get higher than buried on page 6 in our own Sun-Sentinel. So wrong
Rockin' the Casting Office ADR...gettin' close to a launch y'all!!
no brainer for me. Pulling for lee. Sergio pulling for Chavez jr for the payday I'm sure
Awww thanks babe for the words!!!
hates me ;/
It's a sad world when #Columbia businesses buy negative reviews to post on competitor's #GooglePlaces pages.
Uncanny how the impulse to do both still crops up, though.
Thanks Britt! <U+E32D>
Cap and gown reserved. ePortfolio complete. The idea that I'll be receiving my Master's Degree in a couple months is starting to feel real.
someone please find Nick Stahl
Wonder what talking scales say when 800lb morbid obsese get on probably "for fcuk sake get off"
S/o to the REAL men that admit they got hair up where the sun don't shine.
A friendly reminder: Registration is required for Faith Ringgold’s artist lecture on Thurs., March 22, 6:30. There’s still time to...
Release my street single 2mrw "DERRICK ROSE" tune in 4:00 VIDEO COMING REAL SOON!
thanks for the rt! :)
FUCK MY LIFE!!!!
Congrats from Ms. Bridgette and the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV
Bro's before Hoe's! Chicks before Dicks! Does anyone abide by the code anymore?!
You like my fan account for youu? :)
The total cost to families would exact about $10,600 per family between now and 2020, equal to $1,060 per year on household budgets.
see u tomorrow coach. Thanks
Now Piero Attanasio from ARROW (Euro Rights infrastructure). Rights information needed to manage digital data
then marry a guy with the last name shooter...
LOL smart woman catching up with your holidays haha man I need to get back to facebook -__-
Nothing wbu boo? RT : was the deal
Well my bracelet took a lovely bath in the washing machine yesterday...
So with two days off ahead of me I vow to resists renutlican bs & spread the message of , check em out, they're awesome! LegalizeLove
Listening to US Rep Paulsen on my right and Michele Bachmann on my left on Capitol steps!
Thank you God for blessing me with another day! And keep me strong for the roads ahead.
Ri to got her Tina on killin it!
happy mothers day :)xo if you saw this i'd be soo happy!
#saysomethin was amazing
sorry i did a l8 response ..but im from Miami (:
Thanks for the shoutout. Look forward to getting to know you. If you ever need a RT, just let me know - happy to help!
Yup. Can't believe how tired I was from the traveling. Couple more good nights & I'll be right as rain. What's new with you?
I was just messing around with some MK vs DCuniverse. I love sub zero and smoke is a beast. We should vs sometime.
Loved it! I felt like I was just in Mexico! Lunch at a Mexican Inspired Seafood restaurant in City Heights!
is there a viewing party in San Diego tonight? Tell our friend it ends this evening.
LOL thats what we were seeing when she fell and broke her ankle!!! i almost completely forgot about that until now.
as I said, I'm not denying the complete bias in the way they've done it :-)
no why ?
I never get ready for school lol <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
where are working next?
sure, you love it
I'll have to check it out!
i don't wanna be in this class
Thanks for the chat folks! I have to go close up the library now! :)
Sit in at trenton for home forclosure meet at irvington public library 10 am tommorow
Dear cheaters, you're not Hannah Montana, you can't have the best of both worlds.
One time you should never be with me: When i first wake up
Seems to happen about once a week for me...
Not really. But hey. I lasted a week!
In Denver
Good morning ! Thanks for the call this morning to make sure I was alright. That's customer care!
My 8 yr. old just ranked his top 10 favorite players in the NBA....Lebron STILL No. 1, Dwyane Wade No. 5. For what that's worth.
No Winterhawk hockey until the 28th, but the boys need a Christmas break so we can come back and kick some Tri-City butt!
Could Today Be The Day That Notices me? Maybe. Never say never!
thank you! xx
Excellent! Let me know if you have any questions.
Took to the airport this morning. So sad! I've gotten used to seeing her every few months - I think I'm spoiled. :-/
"The only gift is a portion of thyself."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
This is the third time the kid next to me has slammed his head into the window while falling asleep. Can't tell if he is asleep or concussed
She buys me weird clothes online and calls me Sergio.
I actually have no clue. Letting a friend from St. Elizabeth be my guide and make the itinerary.
Thanks! No one was sitting near me, so I had all 3 seats in my row to stretch out on. That was pretty cool.
Do you tweet anymore
Crystal Wright,alias ,declares on Bio,"Im Black,conservative woman.Deal W It!"I DID! I just BLOCKED U! lol
Hi Karen! No travel partner needed! ;) There will be many traveling alone that we can pair together! Come see Israel!
Watching Drive with
S/O to everybody who thinks it's still appropriate to rock a top hat in public.
Just found out that today is take your child to work day.
I am genuinely soar all over & it's a great feeling! What's even better is I am soar from working not from working out! Happiness is work!
anyone know who got #MVP of the #BCS National Championship..??
Fantastic Four powers! Which of the four would your rather be? Invisible? Stretchy? On-fire? Orange-Rock-crusher?
yeah Rigt! I'm too lazy, Bout To Take A Nap!..
I'm obsessed with the eiffel tower. I have one on my shirt, bracelet, and wallpaper. I really want a poster for my room.
Hehe love random tweet moments
My dad said he's tired of hearing one direction... Nonononono. Don't lie to me father. You love them.
It's funny when people take pictures with their Tax or Financial aid money.
Fuller: engineers, software developers, non-federal companies, architects are kinds of jobs along #dullesrail "Jobs aren't equal."
"Let's settle this the mature adult way." "Rock paper scissors?" "Yep.."
I just climbed 200 floors
People keep telling me that I have to watch Serenity and Firefly because I will LOVE it. It's in my Netflix queue.
Im too crunk
I really hope you can get #EuthinizeSanchez trending.
": ICYMI A Nebraska man legally changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex today." Everything ok with the water out there?
4low me n o gimme ur Em n I'll give u mo info about Da Movie. Where u @? What City? We shoot in 2 months.
dude you're in El Paso!? Omg lets hang!!!! You're seriously my idol Daniel!!!!!
I want to punch Doug Gottlieb in the wiener.
barksdale base league
Alanis Morrisette does not have a very accurate understanding of irony.
@ who ever wants to know why i hate lady gaga, this is why -judas.
im a monkey?d:
we took our first trip this weekend! Love the service for when I'm downtown! cc:
Do the #76ers have any chance of beating the #Celtics?
The #newplay campaign, Free the Beast, is exciting news-but how much of that $4 mill over 10 years goes to admin. costs?
Damn, old people get cranky over tax forms...
Kings island tomorrow. Last full day with everyone.
Merry Christmas to all from Generation Letter. Anticipating to see what God will do in 2011!
Today was all about rapid #prototyping. Building something out of nothing. Will share soon.
service at table 57 is so great it comes with
Did you get my email? What did you think?
Getting nervous about the MLS admissions interview...
What? I was supposed to send hubby & son to see AVENGERS and have a quiet house to myself? I went to movie too! DOH.
People who throw their cigarette butts our of the window in front of my car are scum!
follow please (: tfb
I'm going to find a friend that keeps the exit door open for me at Tinsletown!:) yeah buddy:D
listened to Bill Gates talk this morning about innovation-proud of WCLA for making it happen- inspiring young innovators!
Of course! I'll do so now :P
who should we go to get a tweet section sponsored??
i work out.
About to watch the box with SAM STEIN (he goes to my school)
Hi everyone, I’m Megan Zimmerman Director of Marketing 4 Xorbix Technologies, excited to tweet with you 2night!
Brunch at Sunny Spot, dayum , you've done it again with them semi sous-vide eggs and coconut hollandaise dawg. Haha.
do it! I think you'd have fun.
Met with Andrew Newberg from www.viewpointproductions.com for video work. Check out his website!
Daily Special, Mon 05/07/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
We have the tape and it's hilarious; if this comedy thing doesn't work out you have a job waiting for you here at TripRes
what happened to summer?
it's a sad thing. It's still a good country in theory.
lol they're like the weird cousin who shows up to every family party
didn't know it got that cold down there.
On the 950; Ump's Galarraga gag huge, but 3 perfectos & a no-no by 6/3? What's in the rosin bag?
Elamite=elx. Extinct language spoken in Iran. #Marc coding language trivia. This is fun.
I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday, you will.
It's a shame that only a small percentage of seniors are graduating this year
Boosie coming home!?!?
-shut up!dummmmm,
The new Marshall's Ad starring our very own is out and she looks incredible!!
Just don't know
I'm swell and not up to much hbu?
I love listening to practice piano before his lesson. Especially when he counts to himself.
Nothing is out of reach. RT this if you agree.
. Yes! A PARTY IN A FAMOUS PERSON'S HOUSE. That is what we have always chiefly needed.
glad in Ky also!!!!
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Around $500 ideally. Open to offers though
Christine Jourdan listed as "anthropologist Solomon Islands" in film credits of Malick's The Thin Red Line
I am grateful that every year I learn something new during the holiday season.
I just saw my friend on TV!! She's an animal evaluator and rehabilitator for the Philly SPCA. Way to go girlie!
Anybody out there use Pentax? I had a student drop her camera and bust her lens. Would love to find her an affordable replacement.
Still in awe about #Zambrano leaving the to head to the #Marlins! :( He'll be missed!
You two have a great night! My motorcycle is calling me to take it out in the sunshine!
Working on my resume, not for the typical reasons
I did. And I've followed you.
Well deserved tribute to Wake today, Tip of the cap to everything he did both on and off the field.
Ask Chef 2 surprise U! RT : Saw yr new chef highlighted in 's May issue, wht shld I try 2nite?
omg neighbor arrives with lovely lemon cake for breakfast. AWESOME
w/teachers?! amazing, what was the response to the play?
I think Hillary would be a great VP, but IMO if it was going to happen it would have by now.
A big sorry to all my followers, I have had personal problems, haven't been a tweetin' in a few weeks. I tried to catch up on my FBs and...
Jealous of all of the girls webcam's that are working :').
LET IT BE KNOW TO THE WHOLE WORLD THAT WE <3 DEAN!!!
I liked it...some peeps thought it wad hokey. But c'mon anything with Han Solo
Hey Austin you are the best!(:
Spent the last 4-5 hours on the beach. Finally heading back to the condo for food. :))
thanks for the list! Appreciate it :)
I wished I had become a rock star. I will become woman who is at peace in this crazy world!
It really itches, too :(
#Giro 12.4 Now passing & we're being shown, the bottom of the hill at Spello. Extraordinary Roman walls to the right. Will they show them?
Run when u see a gun...
hope to catch you!
Is it 5 O Clock yet!
I hope she plays Big Ball Vball :)
Yes I'm from #LosAngeles #CALIFORNIA and I'm a #BostonCelticsfan <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I'm rich in spirit.
Text DISCOVERY to 72727 to go mobile with LDCM! 2 msgs/month, offers&updates, msg&data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help. STOP to end.
we love you and and would love your help, come to our next meeting this Thursday at 7pm
I hit this morning. I'm in the stu come thru.
Last night I traded one of my bicycles for a six-pack of beer.
Interested #actors and #actresses, get your demos ready. Auditions are coming soon.
So excited to hear from Meme again!! Energetic woman. RT : Meme Omogbai next, new chair of aam! From the newark museum
lmao they really put the elbow in the opening tho
aww! Maybe one day. :)
Sorry. Hope you feel better.
I can't upload that video. The file is too big
This is just the sort of nonsense up with which I will not put. (Churchill, on the absurdity of trying never to end with a preposition.)
hi its gio letting you all know, We have started taping our new reality show!!!!
Oh, no! I got my dates wrong - ABA Silver Gavel Awards will be announced Wednesday (not today). Sorry!
people still watch the NBA?
": Old school barber shop. I'm due. (at Bedford Barbers)//I'll bet you sing a mean baritone.
I wonder what they could have paid for it had they followed your advice in '10?
Hey welcome to Twitterville...
The picture for the video
RT "You know what made David a king? Goliath."
are awesome. thank you!!
scary right? thanks for getting the word out. hopefully we get a little more dialogue going.
Think I'm going to cry, I'm not as tech savvy as I thought I was and can't find the assignments.
sarcasm is a less aggressive form of stating what is truly on one’s mind.....life is already confusing enough just b straight up!
I'm curating an exhibit on the food of Georgia. So if u know of any foods, restaurants, markets, etc. that I should include DM or @ me.
application is done. Tomorrow off to Bay Hill to watch some golf.
where they got u goin
No, I do not want to make this song my ringtone. Especially if it's "black hole sun".
Break the MOLD!
I'm already on G+, but I'm interested in what you think of it, and how you make use of it.
and now I realize that it was really stupid. I didn't mean to disrespect you or anyone else, I just feel really bad for it
Late night expected....
i was waiting for all of these tweets(;
We know this is a busy time for everyone! Wishing you happiness and peace from Advanced Mailing Services ~ 505-899-3104.
Oops, then u better stop!! ;) I am stopping as well, have not eaten all day except for some papaya and berries
I don't like calling homeless people poor ... I just call them no budget people .
I don't wanna get fat because I'd look like Brat's sister, Brat Patty. We hooked up after #Brewers won the NLDS.
Don't let me go
“: Learning how to put on makeup through Youtube. #SWGP” so true.
If you're out and hungry, you have less than an hour to get 6 burgers for $5
Light rain. Covered decks with tin roofs Cold beer. Anna to serve your needs. Bring your dogs and watch the rain!
Matthew 20:20. Let's worship God for who He is, not only to get favors from Him.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
I am SO sorry for what happened today at fund and when I erased your name out of the list!:(
I think I should stop being sad.
There'd. Tweeting from a Droid.
random ratchet club girls
#15peopleIlove My mom and her mom and her mom and continue that till you get 15!
Random Fact: Lysol Wipes require that enough solution be used to leave the surface wet for 4 minutes. That would use up half of the wipes.
i have the list of works in the show if you'd like to see it.
That's some deep shit
Now that's a suit coat Don
nuh uh. I swear.
Thank you,Sandile!Maybe I'll see you in CapeTown next year...I keep my fingers crosed.Keep swingin'!
Double overtime! I hope the panthers win :D
Men have become the tools of their tools.- Henry David Thoreau
Rooney off, Berbatov on. Come on Berba!!!!!
Weird part is, the seller's agent said our neighborhood is known for prostitution.
She was already in the list.
lol text me what happened
I like to think of backyard #urban #chickens as undocumented, not illegal. - Mark Muller
I think that is a heart monitor or pedometer. LOL!
when is the baby due hun?
Waking up at 4am too early
You're The hottest everybody knows <U+2665>
what was it about? (the promo)
If spiders could fly, I would never go outside again.
ya he's a sick defender
wrote wrong, rather?
Correction: been* how's that for post
I've been sleep since I got home. That wasn't the plan....
Cinco de Mayo - Kentucky Derby won by jockey who's a native of Mexico. Coincidence? I think not!
RIP Junior Seau. The sadness surrounding so many football players' lives after the game makes it hard to watch anymore.
Finally get to go see the Avengers tomorrow!
#IWishIHad a new bff!
#killerapp RT : Instagram isn't cool no more. You know what is...
Michael Malone: Innovation journalism today is about explaining and "popularizing" arcane technology.
go make that money annie lol
cant decide if i should celebrate cinco de mayo at taco bell or qdoba tomorrow...
The waiting is the hardest part
Keep an eye out for mine coming out on Positone this winter. W/ Jared Gold, Dave Allen & Mark Ferber. Killin!
We were not meant to be perfect. We were meant to be whole. - JF
Idk he sent his friend to do it for him
Damn everyone calling Kim pussy bol :D
this must be on our bucket list!
College Football Prediction: Nebraska @ Penn St; Nebraska -3.5 and money line -160
I can't wait for tmrw night I get to see my fav reality star not yet on TV
I feel like I am happy with every other month...and often jealous of the boxes that others get, instead of mine!
heey how are u
The bitterness is oozing out of towards Why is she afraid of his success? It's not pretty on her!
Great song. Did you write that yourself? BTW I voted for ya.
'Everybody got somebody but me'... story of my life, , story of my life...
who lied about being with Cody??
Oh I wish I was ballsy enough to mix the pills with liquor. But I like my liver.
totally! got to step up our game.
A guy told me that he learned how to spell independence from that webbie song. Lol smh!...
Email me,or send me yours and I'll explain more.
are the #Colts about to become the new #Jets?
WHY DO YOU REMIND ME.
i dont Really care
I just saw a promo for true hollywood story. Tagline: "What secrets is America's favorite uncle hiding?"
RT : Religion is meant to unite however it seems to divide more than it should.
Out of the desert and into Luxor on and trip.
Off to a great start to the week here at Lone Star Delivery & Process. Check us out online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com Your #1 Courier
We're a good vintage.
.: Evil stands no Chance :. HARRY POTTER was ah-mazing (:
Awww Sorry to hear that :(
well you're in a hotel go mess around!
yup, depends how bad they are haha
LOL! I love you!
Who needs to do special agility drills for fitness when you have a 60 lb puppy that likes to be in the kitchen when you cook?
that's because of all thosw hicks from camden road and rison try to sneak and go to chapel
It was really fun! Great to see you! Hugs!!!
Derek Harper? Where's Brad Davis? James Donaldson? Rolando? Sam? Roy? Wait, not Roy.
Gonna blaze this kush then off to bed gotta work at 5am *sad lip pokes out*
that's awesome! Me too. Hopefully someone will build it!
People are still confusing the difference between modern style and jungle caveman garb.
Today, trade in coffee has a big economic value. Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary products.
Good night Atlanta! follow choosey chicks on face book!
40th Anniversary of The Godfather... epic, legendary film. #Hollywood at its best!
thanks! Hope you find what your looking for. Let us know if you need a custom size
Headed to Zion Baptist Church for service
dooood .. I should wholesale em in japan ... imma be rich
they're so into each other again!!! WOOOOHOOOOO i love em together *_*
Thank you! Its so nice to see glimpses of the waistline I used to know. :)
Help reach to her 400th followers and if your her 400th follower you can get a HUGE shoutout from her and any Celeberties!!
Who is going home?? Tough choice.
Did you try one of the new dishes when you were in? :)
and my wet dreams as well? Pretty please!!!
What's been up? Hope everything's going well!
History Channel - two guys wandering middle America wading through barns full of really great collector's stuff. Unmissable!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no idea I would meet my soulmate. But I thank God every day that I did. <3
Cute girls should come talk to me at school tomorrow... Js js
well its time for my history final.
and signed it 'anonimiss'
what is your old school email? I will send you the details
Need 2 sell my fish tank asap!!! :( Anybody lookin or know anybody, please let me know.
White boys and their jewfros
2 finals today! Math and Philosophy
Curried Mobile food truck is at Van Buren and Wabash! You know what to do!!!
#3WordsForYou Wolf pussy breath
What could Steve Jobs have accomplished over the next 20 years?
I'm really nervous, I've done these type of things before but I still get nervous :p
That's good to hear. You need full mobility for a season chock full of diving.
Off to work
that's awesome do it, I'm gonna ask for one but I'm sure there just gonna look at me funny have you ever asked for one before??
surprised the panel doesn't include the only people that truly protect the athletes interest like
she should, she is amazing!! :)
So is Oxford on Sunday!
MiT is road tripping in Iowa right now. Day 18 of #25days25girls is all about the freedom to explore our amazing country!
u don't want to fight with anyone? Please. That's all u know how to do. Such an instigator. And for no reason.
thinking about it
#2 Never ever ever ever take relationship advice from a single chick, she can't use her own advice to get a man, it must be the WRONG advice
m cake
Its all in the back foot, get that scoop down!
there's some things you just don't joke about on the day we play UCLA.
Just walked by a loudspeaker announcing "This is Atlas Mission Control T- 15 minutes and 30 seconds." !!!!!
Pacers getting in the Heat Ass pacer lead the series 2-1.
>what is impressive? I'm really askG?
when are you coming to florida? Please tell , you always RT me but never tweet me.. I love you so much :")
I love how she sang it seriously.
Have 5 goals to accomplish,knoe i can get them done
Congratulations to my friends who didn't accomplish what they set out to do but achieved something greater along the way.
Eating healthy the Caribbean way with Minna Cooks Caribbean.
Sleep, of course ;)
This is not fair.
Great Mentors & Mastermind Partners:
Haha I'm retired brotha. You still playing Baseball?
YUM RT : Good morning! Today is National Hot Chocolate Day <U+2665>
night Jesse
i hate people that say a lie to someone just to get attention like serious -.-
I wanna be a kid again where there is no drama and no stress.
AxeOff USA will be on Bourban St 2nite working!
i'm trying to.
I am clearly invisible to you!! It's IMPOSSIBLE to get a follow/tweet from you :|
Good Night I'll probably be back lol
why is Hanging With Friends so addicting ??
if you got da next huge hit song hit me up, i'll judge that, and im a pretty hard critic
Lost my eye drops now I have high eyes. #HappyMothersDay <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Greeting to all the firefighters gathered here in Indy this weekend Enjoyed hanging with some of you today on the way in.
Nick is now running, Luai is next with a short 3.5 miler. Foggy outside with drizzle. Running and having a shower at the same time. Cool !
Miami's largest 2-day business conference for women is heading down to The Miracle Theater! Over 700 women – Miami's smartest, coolest,...
#AprilFools! Need some good jokes. Any ideas? xox.
Yahoo! Forde - By now, Graham’s reputation has taken enough hits that Arizona State may have its Bobby Petrino (cont)
"Assessing" indep. rdg. -- I need new ideas. Looking for choice, creativity, thinking, and sharing reading experiences.
lol. I forget I have this acct!
I need deodorant.
hey i gotta go you should text me 804.901.0669
Still job hunting. Tell all libraries that there's a half-decent reference librarian who'll hire cheap.
*yawn* its about that time
thats a very good sign! Also try "The Priest Force One" so off you all go! Poland brace your self \m/ ;)
you know girl!
#BackInElementarySchool we worried about cooties not HIV and std
So ready to get off of work
Laughs or tears baby. Laughs are way better sometimes.
Hey me down many times, but still I'm still a Belieber & never fails to be because I LOVE YOU
owner said 45 min wait every night so far i said 45 mins isn't long after waiting 3-4 months!
well deserved.
used transit view on iPhone worked great in browser-- now we need an app
From my fortune cookie at lunch: "Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible."
#FundMyFriday So I can buy my friends some Coronas!
way to go SAS!
This dude decided to a take a casual nap in the lib. Too bad he's in the quiet section, and snoring.
Hey Twitter haven't been on all day
I love my SON he is the best thing that ever happened to me and that's REAL.
It gets better--same guest priest says birth control will lead to problems he "doesn't want to live to see." This man should NEVER be back!
Bring truth to power - message from #pypm at youth perspectives panel
# 86 on the list for an upgrade on my #united flight. I have never actually made it to # 1.
Pay day today! :D
can't wait to hear u say "hello Houston" in the Bridgit Mendler takeover the world tour
Oh, I wasn't aware that hillman was actually your personal office to receive and make phone calls for hours at a time
Just waiting for my taco bell than ill be heading to bed.
yea, just got here for the D2 games. Pretty crowded already! I hope Germantown pounds Madison Memorial
Integrated Secure Password Manager coming soon to Interlink for #CommitCRM - Quick, Secure, Simple!
I got the whole little movie book, it was in the car when I was cleaning it out before I went and boutght the new car
Sleep has been mocking me for the last couple of hours.
I'd rather be in Bloomington.
props to you for braving the ball park today. I can hear the wind through the vent in my office!
#know12 touches on project work vs ticket work; "multitasking is the bane of our existence" (queues from multiple directions)
I'm not an expert either, but hopefully folk who are can point you in the right direction.
It has a been a while since I saw Olga Kay. She is so busy making fabulous videos for her fans.
Thank you!
On 4 hours of sleep, #NoBueno <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
i dont know what to do .
PANTS PANTS PANTS
Deep thought: How many young people will actually see the Rove/Crossroads "Celebrity" ad?
while is in surgery, I'm sitting here trying desperately not to freak out. Quick. Give me something to laugh about.
#Seinfeld is definitely one of the best TV shows of all time. No it is not a question it is a fact.
my attitude is horrible.
The best and shortest road towards knowledge of truth [is] Nature.
RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK ... ( Follow he will follow you back )
Watching Dawgs game streaming online. In this case, GalaxyTab>>iPad since gamestream is Flash.
Music sounds better with you... <U+2665>
thanks for your #mozinar tweets today. Helped me focus what limited attention I had!! More tomorrow??
Tomorrow first day of classes ate the university SO SO EXCITED! :D wish me luck :D
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send a sweet text
Lakers fans are worse than Bears and Vikings fans combined.
oh ya totally lolz tht would cheer up he does love his limos
Really glad at least we had a decent day for our golf outing and seminar this week. This rain won't go away!
T-minus 6 days until I'm on a plane to Marrakech!
you could pick me up anytime:)
It's All talk into you put it into action.
Heaping even more onto my plate with a new Etsy shop for jewelry supplies!!!!
Those were the days. Moneyballs just don't sound appetizing.
yes, for me. :P I have to squint to see the letters in the 5th line .____.
#DearScooterBraun NEEDS TO COME TO INDIANAPOLIS,INDIANA 4 #BELIEVE TOUR
Welcome #pdxdms students! First day of the Digital Marketing Strategies Certificate program.
#TeamCP3 & #TeamClippers CP3,Blake Gotta Lead Us Both Gotta Bring A Game Vs A Deep Spurs Team * Our Bench Gotta Perform At Its Best
Messy hair >> Making love hair ;) lol
Downtown waitin on the bus 2 go get my check.
is watching reruns of Babar.
RT "A study found people with lighter eye colors (blue, green, hazel, grey) have a higher alcohol tolerance." damn straight we do
visual Studio 11 Beta is fantastic for (the admittedly limited) HTML5 I work with!
Singing fall for you by secondhand Serenade at the top of my lungs.
Thank you for continuing to be a wonderful champion in our community.
Gotta be at this orientation at 8... Been up since 8 this morning... This has to be a sin...
Orbis Cascade asked what others were doing with resource sharing ebooks - no good models
Visit LJ/SLJ booth for info on our Ebook Penetration Reports and Patron Profiles - chocked full of all sorts of hard data on...
at starbucks :D
What spill? RT : Wow, anyone remember the gulf spill? Was like 8 months ago? Huge disaster? Yeah, didn't think so.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) - Publicist: Monkees lead singer Davy Jones dies at age 66 in Florida of heart attack
I just saw this message sorry I am new to this. Part of. Twitter my number is 770-310-4650 if u still need my help
Jerry, George, Homer, & Marge.
I just saw 13 tweets in a row about lebrons hairline after granger knocked his headband off
Switching from why to what questions s a way to find new perspective when life throws a curve ball. What do I do with my new reality?
I feel you on the MCD food thing;)
Of course, sorry. I wasn't clear. I was more asking what is driving the difference. Channel, league, time slot, etc.
Oh thank you!! You're talking about me, right? I haven't seen you in a long time. :)
I do! But I've yet to delve into it--I feel oddly exposed/ slightly confused about how it works. Looks like a good playlist!
been there already. hilarious now. not then.
": Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. Learn from ya mistakes"
. have a great Day 1 tomorrw. Lemme know how it goes!
Yes.. i am very aware of that. Just thought it was weird with the whole Lowe reporting Manning retirement tweet.
Really enjoying moderation style and substance. Learning a lot.
"All I care about is money and the city that I'm from...." Jk, just money.
Second student speaker proposes line aren't stone tablets to paper, but ovens to microwaves
In Philly for a conference. Weather's great. Ran up the Art Museum steps this morning, following in Rocky's footsteps. Yo!
THE soul is eternal...itsuncommon.org
Y'all thought I was gone, haha, had 2 tend 2 sum issues. I'm working on Vol.2 now, lol, a few things n the makin y'all stay tuned. Haan!!!
s/o to all the beatmakers now following me! stay following and we'll link up
So an Eisenhower system of inductive charging? An alternative to light rail?
I like the nano-tech contact lenses
happy humpday!! what do u all do? we help the mentally disabled
How Many turnovers the clips gonna get *SMH*
RT The first 2 approps bills to move swiftly out of committee were advanced by women. I don’t think that’s a coincidence.
which is a perfect way for me to butt in and say what *I* was thinking
Write drunk; edit sober. Ernest Hemingway
Oh lol! No you didn't look bad :)
Idk. I think a couple snipers could catch him unawares.
I met some of you guys at Warped in Missouri. And lemme tell you, i am hooked. So glad i bought your album! :D
I find out next week. They still don't know if they want to hire a student or an outside person -__-
Man im so tired
Never Told is such a dope , true , deep record yo
No way! I thought the bright blue and green house down the street was crazy!
OMG remember after the soccer game when your dad put on the one song and slapped big red and I about peed I laughed soo hard!!
99 Cent ground beef & chicken fajita tacos from 6-close all this week
Ok #kansas...remember #vandy beat #kentucky in the #sec tourney final...play smart and tough and you can come back. 10 points is nothing
When I'm here for u and u look away because u think no one is there for u I go home and cry look in the mirror and try to change myself
how far u stay from vondelpark I wanna link up wit u when I come u seem like cool peoples!I need to meet sum buddies over there
north Hollywood/Toluca lake/Studio City por favor?! Any or all will do!
if you can, go get it looked at
Sense of humor - the best feeling. Better friendship, love better.
I find that American Apparel consistently carries clothing no one would ever wear.
that and NASCAR! Awesome!!
Righteously ;-) : #Nowplaying Lucinda Williams. Thanks for the wonderful recommendation, !
Dear Landmark people, I feel like it has been five years since I last saw you!
Welcome back! We almost gave your prize away, but lucky for you we were holding out hope that our first follower would come around!
PSA: Shave under your arms before wearing a sleevless shirt ladies..
#adamerica food, music, dance, free at Joe's til 6.
Diabetic doggie sick again and back at the vet, I as well am on what feels like my death bed even though I know I'll get over it soon :(
spelling errors drive me CRAZY! Thanks for letting us know...and for watching in spite of them. (:
RT": Everything was great till our pride got the worst of us. What a shame."
hahaha! That was funny. 2pac is turning in his grave every time someone plays songs like ''crank that'' and ''king of rap'' smh
Free Ebooks-Natural Health | Our Natural Health Site: Free Ebooks-Natural Health. These natural health ebooks are all free. You don't...
I swear I am going to start to #tweet again.Time to strap on the sneakers again. Its been a barren 2 months on #twitter for
Oh wow haven't seen steeger in forever his hair is so long lmao
Anybody know when/where THE HEAVY are playing??
I will NEVER again go the Red Roof Inn on Shelby Oaks Dr. Problem with WiFi and called the office and was told you can always check out.
yeah I've heard that....I just can't motivate that early
I-81 S (near Martinsburg) CLOSED at x8 w/ a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
U obviously didn't see what did w/1 sec. left in the game
Sorry for all the posts but this is IMPORTANT!! I have ur KEITH URBAN and JAKE OWEN presale codes aug 6th baby!!!! Who's down
That text was a waste!
That was an enjoyable read... but I keep hoping to find a Dear James post
I'll be at work just stop through
We are ending the year off stronger than ever I wish all of you the same blessings
omg close up please
if anyone doubted how much he cared about his department & the city, they need only to have five minutes to talk to him
man I am totally hungry, count me in!
The weather outside is weather!
The #Obamas still owe about 850k on their Chicago house. Is it upside down? U think they would qualify for a loan mod? Not for a 2nd home...
they were paid extra, microsoft uses the money from xboxlive subscriptions as toilet paper
You are joking right? you know what those biz did to bmw, jcp, overstock, if you are looking for help lets talk 623-255-4088 ext1
Ill roll with that! #PBRmeASAP cc: RT : Happy National Beer Day!
Thanks! I love me some Sagan and Auto Tune!
Come on baby light my fire
soo.. new york.. and you.. soon? Yea? Please? :p
uh, uh take that back off.
Thanks! I got to play with a loaner device and was impressed. I think the stylus is surprisingly useful for many applications.
Atlanta GA “: I need a licensed HVAC contractor, who can do a 30k sq ft job. I need them like yesterday! Help?”
On the wall behind them as they check out adult actresses and make rude comments only furthering her popularity. Ain't capitalism grand!
Never heard that before! Reno's awesome, but glad it was 'Leon' Jean, not 'La Femme Nikita' Jean, that triggered the association.
Getting a briefing from Leon Andrews about the youth in the NLC directly following the icebreaker consisting of colors and silence
what's a guy got to do to get a RT? I love you. Hurry back to the states.
conFROGulations Ashton and family on the new bundle of joy from all of us at
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
have a good trip and get ready for some teen reading (dare I call it "literature" - haha!) :)
#4wordsAfterWackSex I gotta get going....
These #TysonDinasourNuggets aren't as yummy as they used to be.
They don't really understand
I have a plan and I'm sticking to it....no enablers
I just busted out laughing! Thanks for the smiles! :)
haha no doubt
I hate how the weekends fly by
New Photos of Me from Industry Images Coming Son.
Question of the day: What is your favorite color of nail polish?
Great advice, Dean.
but she started it though
Be truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead! ~~I Peter 1:6
I have to apply to things to maintain my unemployment. But I really want to get a job. Going crazy. Civil service tests next.
Just got home!
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! ;')
I fuckz wit Syd The Kid doe!!! She a beast!!!
Jule Sigall, from Microsoft. Illustrates the issues w registries through 1940 census, organized (for now) by neighborhood
not as in THE REAL DEAL... but there is a JohnMeyer here
Cool... Maybe 10 o'clock on Sunday? I'll think about where to shoot... The motorcycle was just an idea for a future project.
I promise, she can bark. Next time I take her to the office I'll try to get her to do it.
breakfast of champions!
No I'm not leaving Boyle for another school it was a April fools joke plus I wanted to see if any of the players cared . They didn't .
way to keep on them..... thanks!
Well in that case, Julieta, I am your caddy, one more time!
glad to hear!
This coffee...just isn't doing the job :/
Osama bin Laden's last words to be published online today - Daily Mail
***NEWS FLASH*** Global Cooling occuring in Minnesota. Thousands of people are cold on the first day of May 2011. ###
Cavaliers are 4-3 which is better than the Celtics and Lakers at 4-4. I know it's early but what would have been the odds on that.
GM. Thank you for an unforgettable evening. It was great seeing passionate musicians playing. Safe travels!
Nothing new about that.
just what my honey would love a new truck!
Three hospitalized after Lunenburg high-speed crash
Obama has allowed $7 trillion dollars to be given to banks and bankers.
So sad!
- "Love, is not a word that exists..." Speaking the troof from the freeverse album haha Starting to believe it.
#whoeverimarry will make me one of the happiest people, because they wouldn't just be my husband, but they'd be my bestfriend for life(:
Game got canceled so that means more time at the gym. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
LEAVE US VIDEOS OF YOU STILL ON THE MEDS AFTER HAHAHAH ps good luck puta <3
Who's in Little Rock???
Hopefully you all will let me visit ;) Thanks!
Our old shirts and tank-tops will now be for sale for $3! We have all sizes from small to x-large!
Hip Hop would be a much better genre of music if Biggie and Tupac were both still alive
Damn secondary! Step it up!
Gorgeous girl! How was the photo shoot? We hope you did our spray tan proud :)
My cheeks are soo naturally rosy ^.^
50 Cent and Justin Bieber
House-training... a big challenge 2. 2 get them 2 understand they don't have 2 mess where they spend their time anymore Continued next tweet
I can't get any of my coworkers to pick up my daughter from the babysitter, though.
Shit just got reall as'f quick as'f to :o
If the Mrs. Lisette is going to be there, you know it's going to be a party!!!! Come see Lisette in this issue of 4PM Magazine-Hubba Hubba!!
Ah morning. Crazy dream last night. Like wrestling with the devil shit. Must be the nicoderm... or that nightline faceoff.
“God not only loves the obedient - He enlightens them.” ~ Henry B. Eyring
long hur don't cur.
Alert! Free 12-inch cheese pizza NOW to first 10 Tweeps @ Rodins Pizza in Reynoldsbrg. Carryout only. Offer expires 10:15p (Example tweet)
movie night in the room tonight!
so sleepy
If Derek dies I will never watch Grey's Anatomy again.
Whoever discovered whistling, I seriously hate you.
Yeah right she'd prob get someone else to pee for her hahaha
she wants my number... fuck that, im not fallin into no traps
your keyboard is having a seuzure
and Tito Ortiz too!
Don;t make me use my swear finger
:P I know my older sister an her husband bought one for my mom :D
When everything just falls in place, The easiest thing is to give you praise<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#CincodeMayo M, La Ha ;)
Well its offical I'm officialy in default with SaliMae......oh yeah another 7 years of bad credit.....
Every time I see young chavs wearing vans I always think... Yeah you were definitely involved in the manchester riots.
sounds gay
<U+2752> Single. <U+2752> Taken. <U+2714> I get about as much attention as a White crayon :/
Getting myself together before i start the review. Spoiler: while I agree with a lot of what n more say, there were serious hilites
I ain't never been a lame. Been the one to get it cracking. The nerve of u to try and do me! ;)
hehehe :D I like the movie tho
is evil plans still going on? Just walked through etc and didn't see anyone.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6> you <U+2600> <f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0099> my world like no<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6>else! Do you know what is says?(:
hey Front Row, time to put down the phone like during playoffs, right? The "Jinx" is back today.
so I had to turn down the job from Tuesday because of the hours but I just set up three more interviews today
you coming home???
And it's official . . . We're Keeping Her ! ^_^
I know I ammms
wahahhaha !!! Im good how bout yah !?
when he holds your hands c:
o.O
More and more jealous by the minute of all the "I'm at beerfest" tweets...
Wine, Ladies, and Chat - you have the perfect combination going!
To clean glass windows, add about one tablespoon of cornstarch to about one litre of lukewarm water. Wet and a rag or squeegee, remove...
New Kids On The Block before 6am. Not cool.
It's better to be interesting to a small group of people than be kind of interesting to a large group of people.
Oh. Want! *drools*
OOMMMGGG MB IS GOIN TO BE PERFORMIN NEXT I AM SO PUPMED I AM SO HAPPY YES 143 TO MB
Out of 20 people I just texted , 8 replied.....bitches
I like Matt Vasgersian.
My older bro
Only in #vegas will you see a wedding chapel next door to an hourly motel.
Shocking news of the day: I'm AT the RC track watching Martin race.
#SoYouMeanToTellMe just because im a girl i cant do what boys do.
This that shit I don't like in my nigga voice a bitch nigga I don't like a snitch I wanna fight
RT : Yelp Geeks Out! #FF Thank You!
haha thank you
I would literally DIE If they closed Taco Bueno
: Thank you so very much! It was so much fun to sing, and I would love a CD, since I've only heard excerpts to this point.
Another awesome PhD student, , designed it. I can see if she has another and I can mail it to you...?
You have no idea how happy I get when t<U+0336>h<U+0336>e<U+0336> <U+0336> <U+0336>p<U+0336>h<U+0336>o<U+0336>n<U+0336>e<U+0336> <U+0336>r<U+0336>i<U+0336>n<U+0336>g<U+0336>s<U+0336> <U+0336>a<U+0336>n<U+0336>d<U+0336> <U+0336>i<U+0336>t<U+0336>s<U+0336> <U+0336>y<U+0336>o<U+0336>u<U+0336>.<U+0336> microwave beeps and my food is ready
"Judas Priest, Barbara! It's another one of those flamin' bags again!"
INSIDE JOB WINS!!
In such a funk... Can't help but think who #3 may be this week...
Puppy class graduation, cork market, and crepes. Now rest.
Your all cocky and crap. Just laughing at everyone else. Just wait until the universe craps on you and we will see who is laughing. Karma.
Looking forward to dinner at 's!
Headed to Mingles, come party with me!
"It's a Zen thing, like how many babies fit in a tire." - Corky St. Clair
So what is it with you always attacking BO? You can't play both sides of the fence sir.
Not yet. I'll keep you posted. :)
Just pretend you are preaching to thousands. "Yes, and I would like fried with that!!!"
Congrats to Ted Van Griethuysan, best supporting actor, resident play in Much Ado About Nothing with The Shakespeare Theate Co.
Could not agree more - I was turned to single malt "only" about 6-7 yrs ago and Im a total novitiate - it was free that nite ha
RT Legs are shaved, beverages chilled, cleats are somewhere. kickball double-header at 11am! So stoked!
Darn. I wish I could see the presentation in person.
Got a really close look at the Tesla Model S today. That is one sexy cool car :)
Who wants to go to #MLG Anaheim with me? Any takers?! *crickets chirping* FML
hey! could we possibly interview you?(:
Trying out google+. If you're super nice to me, I might send you one of my invites...
cool so did u have a nice christmas
please follow me please follow me please follow me please
Google, I know that's you. You're not fooling anyone with the logo camouflage.
They're pictures. I'm way behind on pics for MUA and models.
I hate bad hip hop.
Awesome! I'll be there, again, in the morning after work! <U+E147><U+E043><U+E339>
I love my outdoor team. Chalk up another W. 4-0. And no injuries. That's always a plus for us old guys... Ha.
gonna jump in my chrysler lebaron and gun it to 88
I don't claim to understand hockey...but I really don't understand the Caps' insistence on not just shooting...
highly recommend the iPad. Highly. And I got the cheapest one. 16gb with Wifi only. Love it more than my iPhone and iPod!!!
Did I miss the memo... is it no longer acceptable to write X-mas as a shorthand to christmas?
to you as well old "Evanston" friend.
RT I'll check it out for sure! Gotta get me in another video soon!
The US Olympic trampoline team?
lol nigga tomorrow is my last day in that class. You late af.
Pinnacle Airlines expects to furlough 450 of its pilots
my favorite is still "We want the finest wines available to humanity. And we want them here, and we want them now!"
Blah . Text Mee ..
wtf? were they at bravo?
Have a good work week, everyone :)
now you and jack can get married, or any other man you'd like to marry
Steak Night=good. Steak Night, buzzed=Great.
I tried so hard to get my own #Superbowl commercial with me in a #nygiant club. A club thats just really giant...since big people in NY won.
I very MUCH miss Jacqueline. She's the voice of reason, on that show. So is Caroline.
Finally ordered a iPhone case. It has elephants on it. cc:
Did you spot any Whereowarians at High Point? It was exciting to see so many innovative products this year! Did you have any favorites?
I did like the pic of the guy wearing Nikes kicking in the Nike store window lol
SWE installation last night was phenomenal. I will never forget the standing ovation after my remarks and all the wonderful accolades.
Introducing the 2012 starting left fielder, the O's best free agent acquisition in years.
Go follow --> ? she follows back and i will ist u 20x!
It's official...I'm going to Game 6. Gotta figure out how to do it, but it's happenin'
Do you work tomorrow or Friday?
When will the next track be ready?
Don't you know you gotta sag to swag
Speakerboxx will be here tonight for First Friday Rocks! Show at 10pm and free all night!
seeking field service techs in Columbus OH -M/H exp. w/hydraulic motors - 90% travel -email
Called it quits at the studio.... Thinkin I should of stayed... These words be fillin my head... Why sleep when you can work in a studio?
WHY IS ARTHUR FLIRTING WITH GWEN. THE FUCK.
My dear, we didn't have class.
So far it is just confusing becuz I didn't know what it was for.
#NFAIS Experimenting in social reading. Placing comments next to text instead of below makes author-reader equals.
I am so, so sry Can we send meals or something else? Pls keep in touch. You are cared abt.
Woke up&thought it was wednesday. This week is just draaaaaaaaaaaging on
If a work is so good or so bad that you have no feedback to give on it, ask a question about its intent.
nuthing bored as always noone realli gets in touch wit me for anything
Thank you =) I hope you have a great day too!!!
that is always an plus to have a comfortable seat!
I'm so over looking for office space. I am ready to make a decision and move on. Now if I could get someone to make that decision for me...
Great! this money is helping the schools this year. But when are we going to look at how to make PPS more efficient?
some days it's better to just not wear a shirt as much as possible.
Lmfao. RT “: Why'd you tweet that when you cheated on me?”
You too as always!
Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn?t spend half our time wishing. Alexander Woollcott
#IADMIT I laugh at my own jokes
classic (x
Honestly, I hope that lines holds together enough to at least give off a good show when it reaches myself here in Littleton!
#fridayreads is the amazingly good THE LAST SEPTEMBER. I didn't even remember ordering from , but whoever told me to, thank you!
Just spent the last 2 hours watching the incredible Mr. Depp play a vampire with my daughter Jessica...what a great Mothers Day
#music Listening to a song called "Swarming Vulgar Mass of Infected Virulency," by Carcass. An oldie but goodie.
there is an amazing violinist outside of river park square right now. if you're near you should check him out!
Congratulations to all the new student council representatives!
#a place in carmel to eat really good
I'm saying I agree to wat u tweetd ....I wrote it wrong
The best part of going out is the GETTING PRETTY PROCESS!! #Makeup #RainCosmetics #Glam Anyone else agree?
Old Navy might have some? Going to check tonight... prefer something a *tad* nicer, but beggers can't be choosers
Laying In My Bed
hell ya Bailey all the way baby lay down in ur bed of roses all the way to the top
No McGee did not RT : McGee did RT : Bynum a beast tho can't nobody check him
thank. goodness.
Thanks for the retweet, Ruben! Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
I was saying the word "civility" wrong.. I was taking out a syllable. It's sa-vil-ity. I'm a work in progress!
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
Sometimes I just aint in the mood to deal with the studio at night...got to though.
Chris Rock is the definition of EXTRA -___-
T minus 2 days! This Saturday: , , will be at 12th and Porter! New band, new music! Can't wait to see you!
Zach parise is so good. What quick hands on that shot.
so true,,
I totally understand. We are using #lmsaun to live tweet the event. Feel free to follow along. Let's be sure to meet in May
Go, Cubs, Go!
If they were smart and self-employed like me, They'd have Wifi and a Laptop to play AT WORK :). Amateurs.
Can't take a train or anything like that? Tends to be easier.
Do yourself a favor and take a deep breath, play "Lump Sum" by Bon Iver, and remember how far you've come from who you once were. <3
HA! Yes, that actually was sad.
at least that brand of self loathing tastes good
Thanks so much for having us! great playing with you guys! Great sets!
yikes....time to get off of pinterest and actually do some hw.
Get the word out. Every registered republican go and vote in November if we want to take back our nation
Your so mean.
Happy Monday, San Diego! What are your plans for the week?
im writing music and tweeting and updating web info at 2:35am
Well if you're from NY London should be no problem. Have a great trip.
Yay! I got my warped your tickets! :')
I'm Texas Football and you're my Rice
gonna take a break from you Twitter. Sorry if I'm offending any of my porn star followers who follow thousands of random teenage boys a day
. claims that he's going to "ruin" digital humanities; almost immediately, sirens & flashing lights go off.
So Romney wants credit now for "saving the auto industry." Do you think maybe next week he will want credit for getting Bin Laden?
Hey! How's the #ATL? #Follow back
#thingsthatmakemewannascream when you try on 20-30 things and not a single one of them fits
I have much to catch up on. :-)
2-6pm today on will be the greatest 4 hours of my radio career. Maybe the worst. Probably both.
Oh how easily one's day can be ruined.
<3 your album homie. Thank you for the free download.
sorry they will not let me follow anymore people IDKY but i will look into it. I am trying to reach the world here..
Excited about a lot of things thats about to happened. :)
cuz you drink too much.
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
Because there's a Great Lakes Brewing Co. in that airport? :)
i think i fucked up idk bt im goin to sleep so i can think
I wonder what can help if anything. I may have to leave this in God's hands.
Last chance to see "Coast to Coast," an exhibition of large landscape paintings by Carol Lopatin! Show closes Feb. 26!
Retweet if you DARe
when we talk you just cant get lost in his biq beautiful brown eyes tryinq to be goffy and silly ! just to kute ! verry nice day
Rumors abound that Apple will buy Twitter for $700 million before June 8th when Apple holds its Worldwide Developers Conference in SF
BC/ND today - always a battle. Don't sleep on BC
lol @ the radio version of superman. "But I do know one thing though, chickens they come and go."
HEY TEAMMATE!
hows your day going man??
That proposal was everything
the weekend starts in an hour and a half.
RIP Larry King
always pizza...
taking part in a video shoot at Berklee today with Asahi TV from Japan!
Battling my walking pneumonia with wasabi.
i'm looking at a bunch of crushed ManU fans right now. It is hilarious.
haha every time I text you, you're all like "who is dis?" & I'm like "dang harsh, deleted my number"
Everybody pulls for David, nobody roots for Goliath.- Wilt Chamberlain
I love it, don't worry you can trust me... Really? Then why is your hand creeping down my back. Yea, no goodbye!
Time for some Johnny Rockets.
Told ya bruh... " I ain't mad at ya lil bra. said they was hot rite now and he was rite. #salute"
earning even more respect for #ethnohistorians tonight. Writing Native American history with documents written by white guys is HARD.
Thanks for your Workers Unite poster -- you are credited for your nice work! Great image to rally and educate folks.
Leaving the dorm now and unable to return until after 5pm...let's do this.
aw pooo :( all well there missing some great story written from the BEST author :D its REALLLYY good by the way
Seeking teenage-looking EXTRAS in L.A. who are available THIS Sunday:
Thanks for caming all the way from Elon to help us support our community. Again, we couldn't do it without you. MT
Love that fact that my agent loses all inhibitions at the holiday party
It really grinds my gears when people say women aren't funny. Most people are painfully unfunny, obv. Please dudes you aren't funny either.
On my house phone .. I'm finna call back ..
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY - PAT FORD*
Livin' the lonely life.
Talent is like time way too precious to waste. Finish 2011 strong!!!!
You ARE beautiful though. (:
Sorry for lack of tweets. Phone struggled big time in the park. Gonna need to get that straightened out
i don't care whats in the past, we're both here now <3
critiquing all da dresses at the oscars with
GOD. "Watch the Throne" is just...the shit. I can't stop listening.
Really just want school to be overr. I'm so lazy to do anything! :O
meaning: get off of Facebook and go Worship? that kind of #ministry spin?
So hungry and I have work today and the weather is feeling great :)
I wonder what it would feel like to get shot, too, but I'm not trying to find out for real!
Hm my bf said I need to post 5 nice things about him so here going nothing lol
Gave up on me hella time's
aw thanks! I'm sure you did an amazing job! I'm good! Lots of ridic adventures and hanging out with some amazing people!
Monday Morning Meeting. Here we go.
you have to teach me German as I work on the Dell OEM German videos, social media and online ;)
haha! i go on annual girls' trip..flying out for weekend:) we could easily go there from NAshville:) WHEN you visit that is:)!!
Today is national kiss day & Friday the 13th things are about to get stupid weird tonight! O snap!
Watching the 60 minutes with michael vick. i am interested to see what he says.. i still hate him
Edmodo: looks like Facebook but for education only. Not blocked by school firewalls.
tell me u saw camel toe...
The villain in my new Redshift book uses a silver revolver instead of a charge gun. Old school.
Ready to be your agent!....www.byronbrown.georgiamls.com
what else is new?! ;)
you're a tweety bird....
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :Yummy in my tummy.
RT : 15th anniversary of 's #Scream at !
Where is this Undiscovered Rookie Goaltender Island where the #Caps found Holtby?
No-No's on #SP2010 DB level- changing indexes,adding Stored Procs,select from tables/views,change allocation;For logging, use only retrieve.
What's more fun than shitting until you wish for death?! RT : Corporate America can be fun too.
Lakers suck. Go Kings. and Clippers.
We are located on 385 Broadway and open from 10am-6pm on Saturday!
That's for you. Super cool place. Lava lamps and all...
Hayward's shot will instantly become the most famous missed shot in NCAA history.
Browser history, I hardly knew ye.
Most of my life was spent on that freeway. Thank you God for watching over my family & friends. May victims one day find justice & peace.
Spanish was just ridiculous today. It should be illegal for teachers not to wear bras to school-.-
I'm a fan of goaltending, and looking at the numbers, Eddie Lack will make the Canucks very happy one day.
Watching C-SPAN2 where Senate Democrats are trying to kill the JOBS Act that would help technology startups.
why you doing this to me? :sadcam:
Camping! What about you?
did you try the Lytro ? Anything good ? Gadget or game changer ? (I have my answer...)
Even when we get married, babe
Even if i dont get 1 just wanted to say thanks and tell u you how cool u and the rest of the guys are Gears Forever
RT : Snap a photo w/ Jupiter Lily on the concourse at Arcade Fire on 9.30.10 & win a stay ! Catch her if you can!...
Sorry #NoShaveNovember I already broke the deal.
I must disagree, respect the comma.
RT We are putting our #digitalpreservation suite on the cloud soon - ideal for small-med archives - fo...
A new song came to mind and lets just say you will hear it on tv one day :)
Good morning Boston!! How is everyone? Tweet me your favorite club in Boston.
no. Its call #Lakers because they're a team ! Get it right
Bitch please ..
Where is this table full of options re Iran? Are there snacks on the table?
what a day..... last night was a blast.
Why did I want to hang out with Kanye West so bad tonight? Goddamn you Charles Shaw.
Michelle Malkin, trust me: YOU saying Obama's a lava lamp or silly putty isn't same as #Romney's own guy and the "etch a sketch"
Watching my friend edit her 10 year old Korean students' music video.
How about him?
My little cousin a spoiled brat ;3
Does it live up to the hype?
She needs to come over my house and ride me like a scooters .
will do! Love my Davisaur. :)
What's this?? your family heritage stuff?? I wanna see I wanna see!!!
Did anyone catch Joe's cameo?
oh...was that not the plan already?
Whoa. I was not expecting that.
The ghetto language these days are to funny
RT : Meeting to appoint mayor has just been postponed again, to 6 pm Friday
We are open till 3pm today...
RT : Learn to swirl & spit like a pro Spectator's seminar: Fri 6pm & Sat 12.30pm
no strips. Real deal. I had to go buy emergency hot sauce cause these chumps use just tabasco
This warms my heart! RT "Fellows do work together outside #EAP #sustarts"
It must be Christmas time. I just ate too many cookies.
My periods have been irregular since I began having them at 13. what is my body trying to tell me, I'm stumped.
Show that your concern for the people who elected you is of importance. Vote against SOPA and PIPA.
Good morning, #Albuquerque! Here's hoping you had a lovely holiday weekend. If you awaken ed with decorated apparel in mind, we're here!
RT - beware twitterers bad twitter virus is #trending called #choppedporkandham but it won't hurt your computer it's just
" Whatever their source, leadership begins with clarity about values what one stands for ...
I swear I dream of the weirdest things. O.o
if my dad doesnt stop dancing..
Looking forward to checking that out!
Today's office words of the day are: 60 year old temper tantrum! People here are seriously in need of medication
1 final today wish me luck :)
oh Carolyn- I'm going to be one sick woman tomorrow after over indulging in White Castle cheese burgers-
what could be done? nothing.
Thanks to and the Nocturnals for sharing the stage with B-A-H...Grace is such an angel!!!
can't wait until she gets a new phone. Two weeks two launch...
Planning my #newyork trip with my bff!!! ah!!
I didn't know yall ladies got yall eyebrows threaded and shit!! My homey ocky just impressed the Phuck out me!!! skills!!
's second story collection, Love Is Power, Or Something Like That, is forthcoming from Graywolf Press in 2013.
Don't do music for your patnas to listen to. Do music for the world to listen to.
why can't I tag you?
Great! Hope to see you at our first event - 8/17 at 7 pm!
Tonight! “What I Want My Words to Do to You” • 7pm • $10 Tickets (benefits Rape Crisis and “V-Day Spotlight Campaign”)
Search for missing Fox movie executive continues
I'm from WI born and raised but I love the Bears too! Unfortunate that Cutler tore his MCL :'(
Santorum captures my heart when he talks about founding docs.
I signed up to the #Mamavation #2WeekChallenge. Very Excited!!
Businesses in Orlando! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer38
You've become a regular King addict! Do you have a fav yet?
Oh you can finally use instagram? Pfff guess I'll switch to the whatever's hip.
and I happen to be watching "A Dangerous Method" on DVD today.
Alert. If u'd like to be interviewed TMW for forward-looking nat'l AP story on American attitudes heading to 2012, DM/email me:
what is up with all these shootings/armed gunmen on college campuses?!?
Happy v day
Renaming the Seoul Gyopo Guide to Waycool Waygook in Seoul
One woman lost her home, clothes, medication, and important documents in a raging Bed-Stuy fire this afternoon. Watch the full story at 8pm.
Michigan knocks down the 3.
want me to find a newer one or are you going to do that for #middriftmonday ?
Today, in many parts of Latin America, it's "el dia de la amistad," honoring ALL your loved ones that's celebrated.
"It's Ravenstown" has got us rockin on #PURPLEFRIDAY in the A-Town! #BALTIMORE STAND UP!!
Was awesome bro: great job at another fun installment!
Who would of thought rubber duckies would be so difficult to find #fail of the day.
Told mom if she saw anything crazy in the movie to not reject me cause it was an accident. Dont think thatll work for booty shaking though..
Need help preparing your taxes? Don't forget our FREE Vita tax sites are open! Need additional info? Call 973.733.3460
sweet dreams LOL
A2 Good is good enough for the sheeple, Personal Mastery is necessary for long term success
TERRIBLE experience Pharmacy last night in bmore, md, severe physical allergic reaction and ignored by pharmacist and staff!
totally didn't see that coming!!
We could use a boost today
I like being alone so much better than being in a relationship.
Just finished eating
Sometimes I really hate people. Except for you bcuz you're not real.
lol , how is your fall break going??
Why do they keep showing these kids in these swimming suits on RHWNJ?
awesome product! Should I expect reddit thing's I've read on the ipad to show as read using web client? doesn't seem synch'd
i love best person eva love this girl
You should add me on Facebook
Chase your Dreams but beware of the guillotine, show your talent in the land of the foulnes.
I cuss a lot... its a hard habit to break.
Solis Energy is back from the Distributech Expo! Lots of ideas and new partnerships! Solis Energy..... solutions for a better tomorrow!!
does anyone speak Spanish? please help me :)
Make a wrong turn in the Warner Brothers lot and you'll be lost for days.
what?! What was that a form for?
You should make a new blog post every day, man. ;)
yea kid home all weekk.. ehh im down i guess
Betsey you should do something with us. Asians love you!
IS there any reason why doesnt have a blu-ray player in every macbook pro and mini?
I seen that lol . Do you want me to call now
You'll never understand how much I love you. & still care for you.
Anyone know of a place in Pt. Loma where you can get a good, hot pretzel?
With a ton of chronic so we blazed that shit till I woke up...best dream ever!
You know u were buzzed the night before when u find the peanut butter in the refrigerator..oopsies
ha, woow. well aren't you sweet. c:
I love my gf no matter hw mch we fight no matter hw mch she gts mad at me id die 4 her.i shd tears for her if i almost lose her.i love her
Rain_Cosmetics: Our next Battle of the Brushes will be on August 25th.. The top #Vegas salons and #makeup artists will compete!
REALLY pleased with how the Messiah went yesterday- my best one yet! Dinner with Tom afterwards topped of a wonderful day : )
Thanks for the follow. Could you cover #ChicagoLocalGuide app that features all foodtrucks' tweets and map at your blog?
Don't you speak english just like I do. Im just saying
Time to be a Brewers fan I guess.
driving over the grapevine drinking truck stop coffee & listening to #grouplove. prunetucky bound for turkey & family.
seems the majority -- even kids!!! -- of America is spoiled and lazy. And unappreciative of what we have. :-)
heard you on and you were awesome!
don't even think about it jaime. tiger is a reformed man, he doesn't do those things anymore!
you will book this!
Both brother! RT : both fridays? Shit son.
awh your horrible Dawg .... but I'm not telling you anything anymore nor am I showing I wasn't supose to show u but shit
i so want ice cream right now that would be GREAT
Congrats on the new book, Henry, looks terrific!! Stay well! :o)
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty
feed back has been awesome! It's in stores, getting great reviews. What more can i want. To do another as soon as possible!!
2 chainz is actually a coo rapper doe
Straight to the hospital... As if everything else isn't bad enough in my life.
actually i dont have it. :/ sorry bro. Btw....i want my shades back haha (:
So fun! #imissnyc RT : you had dinner with Sam champion?? I love him!
Uploading now!
Haha im not sure if those are in order of awesome-ness..... It is a pretty small feature in my opinion as well
Yep. I've found that it gets worse as I get older. Luckily I lived the first few decades allergy-free.
How did I miss the start of season 2?! Thank God for #onDemand!
we are the largest Christian music webzine out there. I want be sensitive to your not wanting to be pigeonholed
yes than k u :) I ll dm u my adresse
we miss you too!!
guess who woke up singing bel biv devoe this morning!
'what would Jesus say..." LOL!
I'm On My #KingShit Bitch
awesome(: where abouts?
Thank you participants! The correct answer was F.C. Kerbeck! Winners will be notified. We will meet you back next week for more
thanks for the follow! #Splash :)
LeBron James is one gigantic loser. He didn't shoot once in the fourth till they were down 16. Avoids pressure.
Great songs! Tennessee Christmas is a favorite of mine!
RAD! It's like a beatnik version of me that eats souls! *hug* I love you, Sweet Soul-Eating Sister... ;)
Starbucks & The Vow <3
Ugh, why would the #Cubs re-sign Rodrigo Lopez?!
": thanks for the info" -no prob! ^_^
Overheating can increase SIDS risk. Avoid over-bundling & dress baby in lightweight sleep clothing
i googled "lord of the fries". all i have to say is, thank you
I am glad my love doesn't smell like a Marlboro factory. My ex was a living conduit of tobacco... Gross bitch...
I caught it a day late myself. Love to see all the new tweeps!
Thx I was surprised too! Hehe ;) #RGIII RT : You're already getting a shout out from 1 of the hottest commodities in football?
where u at ? i misses you.
International investors may consider the E-2 Non-Immigrant Visa and/or the EB-5 Immigrant Visa. Need more information? Contact me.
3 (ish) mile run during lunch and then hip hop class. I am exhausted.
it's pretty nice to see them still winning games convincingly despite the injuries. DRose looks like he's back anyway.
Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love to win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub!
I just playd the W-S/Hampton Antelope on a juke box. I may not still be here when it plays, but I am leaving all the dudes with a gift
I can't help but eat spaghetti like an animal sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090>
Had a great party last night!! Book your own at www.prbynatalie.com!!
Promised my son good tix by Brewers dugout for Tues night and can't find any.. Help!
whoops wrong person whats up?!
how many times do they pay the xmas in hollis?
well not bought, i got a free one obviously
Now I can't fall asleep because it's so fucking hot it my room
Hi Rick, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Hey Arsenal--your spot in Europe isn't God-given. If you don't earn if, you don't get it.
Ask her about her day, every day. Share the highs and lows.
Unfortunately so many media funders will not support history docs. Certainly several could be livelier. But...
That is a little awkward. They probably think you're coming on to them. At least those boys probably. #TreadCarefully. =P
If u think u ugly post a pic on instagram
A huge thanks to the staff at Suffolk University who helped make last night a success! Thank you!!!
Thank you to everyone who came out for our grand opening on Saturday - what a fantastic turnout!
Didn't realize Black Friday shopping was a science or an art...or a scientific art. Either way, props to Nicole for the 411.
New coal giant Mozambique faces rising public anger
Diego is still at home...
Hey, I love you most :p
if i found out my son was bullying i'd make his life a living hell for months....i'd fill all his shoes with mayonnaise
Saw a commercial for a book that solves 10,000 everyday problems. Why would you want to solve everyday problems someone elses way?
You're gonna look great.
Holy cow it's beautiful outside. Great weather for the grill party! Yay!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
National Police backs national ID system - Business Mirror
"Caselaw as silver bullet approach" of summer/new associates. Related to Google effect. Need to teach indices/TOC.
Be yourself and don't let what other people think effect who u truly are
Getting ready to rock the rackworkout...
#Marlins up on the #Giants 3-1 headed into bottom of the 8th...3 runs a TITANIC ACHIEVEMENT for this Marlins team.
Don't forget to come watch our weekly hula show at 1 p.m. today, with Hui Lanakila. A really great keiki hula group!
7-4-83 Tulsa, Magnum TA and Hacksaw Duggan b Ted DiBiase and Mr.Olympia for Mid South tag titles.
Mobile Transcript - Read, review & annotate your deposition transcripts with the tap of your finger on your iPad
now that you mention it.....
On this breaking news in Licking Co...2 dead and 1 injured in shooting
Follow DC's OLDEST #DV shelter providing programs to break the cycle of abuse, empower survivors
Why not?
Am I a psycho for laughing when people get hurt?
I'm hungry what you got to eat !
Is early 90s guitar fuzz + girl/boy vocals the 'classic rock' of gen x?
Nice to meet you :) Thanks for following.
The Avengers was so kickass !
I have a cold in my eye.</3
Goin to the aquatic center in a few. Hmu if you wanna go.
It does if you're George Lucas (or the Tarantino Brothers) "Faster and more intense!"
I'm hearing is where to be every Tues and Thurs...Great place to take the kids and catch great talent from
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.-- Albert Einstein
About to go ballistic on the Virus TI!
why aren't you going?
:) thanks for playing!
Jealous. Although I did drink a couple margaritas outside tonight.
I actually think you misspelled pizza... I spelled it just fine.
It's not too late to be in Las Vegas and secure a room at a great discount price visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com
Happy Labor Day! Looking forward to Autumn.
Pats did good for themselves in rnd 1. But they still have work to do. Jones and Hightower can't do it by themselves. That D was atrocious
#ItSeemsLike no one cares...
Sounds like you're Asian.
I wish I could have seen tonight.
We all can't always do great things, but we can do small things with great love.
Nyquil is my best friend tonight
Just got home from some r&r in the Bluegrass state. Missing my Mom on Mother's Day- RIP.
they can't handle your awesomeness :)
Knew I had the target audience - non-readers to give Q is for Quarry to when they asked me if I was Sue Grafton.
Now Asa in the box, so no jammer for Maulers, but now back block for Natasha (jammer), so Asa released, no lead jammer, and lots of slop!!
I feel the same way about slugs and they don't even bite. No shame!
[Eph4]There is one Body+Spirit & FatherGod desire us to forbear eachother in love+work to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
Yeah, it's pretty tight, not gonna lie, keep up the good work!
There are a lot of Reeds in town.
How's the crowd?
Oh gheeze! Thanks for getting in contact and a big thanks for the #FF! See you at the race??
Great night last night Sweet time of worship and prayer. So enjoyed it.
There may or may not be a bar singalong to I Am Real American happening
Thanks for the #FF mention!
I could use one of those right now
I Have been giving props to a lot today at the UX immersion conference in portland. Surprised more ux folks don't use.
That is a hell of a throw by Ben.
I guess I shuld forget it n be cool
surprised that i haven't already, but im gonna start reading Room 317. i heard its amazing :)
finally on twitter
^PH Remember: after burgers & dogs, come Turbo Kick the calories off this evening 6-7p.
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears form the eyes of woman. — Ludwig van Beethoven
Nothing fancy. Lol just regular clothe. I didn't even straighten my hair. (: I look #hawt lol
omg this makes me thinl of kids at gms hm???
Hmm, u should come to Chicago!:)
FACEBOOK PAGE IS UP
any news about gov threat to state teachers b4 their convention this week?
"Kanye taught me, not only is Ham delicious, but you can go it"
Wearing my shirt today. Man I miss football. :(
If I had it I would give you some. I am the way I am because I want to see you all eat. It's all for the people who sweat for me.
She says a mans dick should fit in the palm of his hand from one end out to the longest finger give or take. Its tru for me.
Don't make us have to come bail you out of jail! ;)
This is everything I needed to hear right now
“ They can no longer control you, hurt you, or hinder you once you forgive 'em... #TheSW”
Is it really that tough to admit that being a wealthy stay-at-home mom isn't the same thing as raising kids and punching a clock?
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises.. so if you screw me over, you're fucked, & that's a promise. :)
Happy to be part of the 10,000 around the world! Awesome.
Listening to WKCR.org play Sonny's music on his 80th BDay today. Newk today and everyday!
RT : Just got food from Pollo Tropical.. #Fact ---- firee ass food xD!
if there is anyway you could make it to lex for the final 4, I suggest it. There is just a buzz on campus that is unreal
you HAVE to? anyone else there..?
Yes, and maybe the DH subgroup examples can extend options for wider practice
Rough morning
Good one. Or, Oniffa!
MY PROFILE PIC AKA MY ALBUM COVER JUST DOUBLE CLICK ON IT TO MAKKE IT LARGE
awww! So precious :) thank you for sharing! I love their hats!
Truth #acadv RT : Whatever your major, experiences will make a difference.
Thanks for hosting The Village Parents panel at the VLP once again! We love having you!
almost 10:30, feeling a little, -yawn- o.
hehe- lucky you! Mine plant their faces on the keyboard.
Please Please Please play Chocolate tonight in Indy. :)
The show was excellent, but I got back from Tulsa at 1:30 AM. I am up and back on the road.....because that's what you do
hey how are you?
My wife has me watching it every now & then! SMH!
in the category of #ThingsThatShouldntGiveMeAnxietyButDo: I just opened new jar of PB and the foil didn't come off in one piece
This is the day that never ends.
I'm glad to see more and more people coming on-board. The Co-Operative is the only fair way of doing business.
Company Profile for InRule Technology, Inc.
>>>>>SCREAMING REAL LOUD>>>>> HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U DP!!! THANKS FOR MAKING ME LAUGH AND SMILE FROM DAY TO DAY.
#dragrace Phi Phi O'Hara all the way!!! that crown belongs to her!!!!!!
Ya got good taste. You'll have to come do full contact kegstands with us if you make it out to the PNW.
I want my bed. Beat. Awesome day.
unbelievable right
I do too
Thanks for the profile, Joanna! Much appreciated :)
Trimet says Blue and Red lines back on normal schedule.
Hadn't seen tv news in so long, I'm wondering if the anchors on the today show are drunk or if they always act giddy?
Always good catchin up & working out with :)
thinking bout you RT : Wonder what doing.
Ideas and leadership -- not natural or social 'forces' -- are the prime movers in human affairs
keeps giving me kisses.. Gross ;( I wish it was one of you ladies ;)
let's go do something!
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear
I'm fighting "party voice" today... too much yelling & cheering idol last night.
hahah yes i did.
You guys are so freaking awesome when we hit 1000 we are gonna party no lie!
Congrats! Hope you enjoyed!
that's pretty interesting stuff for sure...
I like HSN but they take entirely 2 long to ship. I shldnt have to wait 2 days b4 my package even ships
"i like my sugar with coffee and cream"
RLEC to hold collectible, antique sale
It's sad when people realize what they really want when it's too late.
Goodnight , I love you <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Communication about planning meetings currently enabled through listservs, moderated by
Congrats dude! RT : The fact that I graduate college tomorrow is unreal to me
Is it normal to still like your ex?
I wonder if I have any contacts at Webtrends? Might help my chances of being their next Client Services Training Manager.
The Girl asked Hubby to the Snow White movie for her. She told me this morning she practiced her steps during the movie to the music.
Affordable Motors Announces Development of Honda&#39;s Traffic Detection Technology
It wasn't until about 6 months ago that I realized I can't breathe out of one nostril. Prob been like that for years. Odd.
not much, afterall only 72% of Americans support the law...
Shout outs to who wrote a dope record and is working with on a single for the summer.
actually yes, but i will not be in NYC to teach this year, just passing through.
We can't wait to welcome you back to Hotel Carlton! See you soon!
you're not going to convert everyone, but the ones you do, will thank you for life.
Laying down guitar tracks. Guitar center tomorrow. Gimme a song to cover
I'm probably the only Ecuadorean that dresses up as Santa Claus need to get the outfit for this year, ho ho ho tomorrow NYC with the fam
i miss you maddie stanley! :(
just checking in for the day
hello how are u
What's up with amares hair
1. I don't live the party life 2. I told my mom not to pay my rent because I have the money,she told me to save my money. STFU
Join us for the 3rd Thurs. Community Mixer at the Hilton Garden Inn (Elk Grove) on April 21st. Network with professionals,win prizes,& more!
Just arrived in Minneapolis for a 2-day immersion before #aam2012. Lightness of spring air, clouds limned with pink. Very sweet.
Stuck between a rock and hard place & dont kno which direction to turn !
Now that is too funny. Wishing you good luck! RT : They say you are what you eat. I need to eat a skinny 30 year old woman.
I love my friends, but they are killing me with their ongoing foolishness about gay marriage and the bible, and David, etc., etc.
I need you
When the technician has huge boobs and she leans over to massage the legs and my feet press right into the boobs.
Why, oh WHY, did Mizzou have to lose the last game against kU??!
I ate a sandwich with muenster cheese on it, and now I have The Munsters theme song in my head. Damn you, nick at nite
the election is not the only or most opportune time to organize & make demands. Still haven't learned from 2008
Happy to help!
if RT this i'll by his K.i.D Logo Hoodie Navy Colorway!!:) leggo!
Yes. I would say I had a little too much fun last night.
We fail to shine if we are not aware of our legacy...we should be proud of what we leave behind....kids, books, art, love.
If you're looking for photo's from the #100 Days event in Times Square check out
Good day, all! Hope you're enjoying productive a Friday, whether work or play.
Looking for more Street Team members!!! If your interested then put your age and side of town you live on!!! ~RAQ~
Excellent idea. Your scarf striking poses.
supposed to hang out*
Absolutely unbelievable hockey game. There is no better sport in the world.
Thanks for the RT!
That's what I was thinking! For you, Anthony, I think the blue.
Any cruise lines that you recommend for children?
I've got some dumbbells you can borrow, and keep eatin your Wheaties
same here!
we love our neighbor :)
The thing about it is, all those races we lost, we won this race together. We won it as a team - Dale Earnhardt
I honestly don't know how anyone can stand to be around
karmas a bitch. Come watch the #coachellalive stream with me. I can't believe I'm seeing at the drive in play right now.
I just want to have a LAN party now.
Haha isn't at school so therefore I'm leaving early....
needs editors, whether sourced from community or internal. quality of content declining.
Never ever make fun of your partner.
So excited to find out is coming back to Indianapolis!
my friend Meagan coon said "I like his voice, he's a pretty boii(;" she said it after I show her you Adele video(:
Is your child enthusiastic about music?
“: hey ladies FYI: 14 days away from #MissRiver12 trip! #motorcycles #chicsthatride #epicrides” It will be glorious
Fake Tough Ass Pussy Niggas <<<<
uhmm shouldnt u be in bed!?!
I Keep Promising My Self Too Have A Twitter Addiction Again...But Im Soo Busy ! -.-
goodbye my love :I<U+2665>
I thought they were rolling this out, we still mostly use ustream.
In san antonio. My last name must be spelled "Merfy" it keeps happening.
That was a long day.
I just wish this cheese was melted... It's to messy..
chores to do
China made a bad policy decision. Disaster will come.
Stayed up late again tonight... Oh well.
why were you watching it
xD No worries...same here!
it ain't official until its facebook official and if they don't have a facebook, run cuz they are hiding something lol
good choice! :)
Been in a lot of pain all day. Hope tomarrow is a much better one. Dam zombies
Happy Thanksgiving!
Any Time I Kiss A Boi His Dick Gets On Hard Lol
"Even if everyone you ever cared about left you, love can come back into your life because of the empty tomb." <3
Nice writing /Good luck w sinus /Thanks for the Philly drink offer / and ? Great name:)
« Aye!.RT : I know how to cook so my lady wont have to :)» lol what im suppose to cook for u again
I overall try to look for the good in people but majority are fucked up in the head & pure evil.
.....and Betty Jo will keep u in stitches for hours.....
You know when you do a big event and think you'll have a few days to breathe after? Nope. Nopey nope nope.
for u to tell me happy birthday would b so amazing plz
How can you love me if you don't know I exist? </3
Happy birthday to my very good friend and occasional soulmate Now get back to Chicago so I can buy you some shots.
get me a gray hoodie! I'll pay you back.
How the hell do you let a blind guy escape from your military prison?
On that no gravity level
Hangin at lovin us some Emily Rose. So good.
I also love stars!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Dentek Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
Thanks for the follow. My son is a cpa. Busy time for you guys.
i guess i gotta show u some real gangsta
Currently listening to: Soundgarden--"Power Trip"
Didnt get any sleep last night why am I at school right now??
Informative webcast I'll be looking for the link to re-watch it.
I'm sorry, but did I mention that it makes no damn sense?
to , favorite food you ask? spaghetti and giant meat balls! It went unmentioned but,dessert: captain crunch sundays with fudge!
Tune IN Hot 91.1 NOW check out
I MUST BE BLIND & DEAF.... MB IS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND ON THE 106 STAGE.
happy birthday nava! I'll have to come down to see you in April!
awesome, thanks! Just bought 'em!!!
god bless Cali got love 100
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen --> You Have A Cut Or Bruise On You And It Doesnt Hurt Til You Notice It =/
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you got FINE written all over you! ;)
LOL, Thank you. Glad to be back. “: Welcome back from the dead ”
ITS GAMEDAY!!! Coach Dunn and the Fins face stetson at 230 in the Semifinals! #fearthefin #maconmadness Let's Do Work!!
Bed frame with 3-setting showcase lights came in. Tacky?
LOL sometime after August when the new cd come out
obbssessed with french now!!! i have to learn french. bonjour!
I get lonely too.
Is there a secret Algren handshake?
Who's the one man who can turn the predictable nature of the with one appearance? Welcome back
________ makes you say 'ah'
I'll fill you gentlemen in at some point. better photos coming soon. worth a thousand words.
always been interested in acupuncture. What has been your experience so far?
I got a new iPod recently cause I dropped my old one & the screen cracked haha
Cultural hub for learning community
Much love to my tweeps!
Let's do another. Shall we?
A good day, started some homework, worked out, and had a good lunch. Now relaxing at home.
Sivaaaaa , Jay is cheating on you with Nath!
9 hours...time is also an issue
At work , AGAIN (:
Yeah I want to know how crediting my account for next year is fair? If 1 game is canceled I'm done for 2 seasons minm!
MERRY CHRISTMAS YA'LL
Fuck wat u heard is the shit bumping lose my mind yea buddy
IU’s Elinor Ostrom among Time’s 100 most influential people
I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?"
KSON RADIO Happy Valentine's Day! Love 'Em or Leave 'Em ... share your makeup and breakup stories! 619-570-1973
Going to get some Starbucks with my babe :)
Thinking many don't even do that. And still, no documented issue ever. It's really kind of silly.
Refreshing for over an hour - loyal or certifiable. It's really a very small line. Nobody ever said Raider fans are sane! :D
Hi Syd! Life is good - we need to catch up soon - how are you?
My toothpaste went to Princeton. It came back. But it came from Princeton
Don't blame me, blame JAZZERCIZE! RT : I now have a not so secret yearning to teach aerobics and i'm blaming you.
Gosh I want some more fried fish.
Drink all day play all night , I'm in Miami triiiickkk.
HAHA LOL O_O ILL TELL U Y THEY R SO MESSED UP IF U TELL ME Y U DID THAT 2 MANNI o;
I just want to love you >>>>
Can you free me from theses words and let me forget...
Q3) Some times it isn't a "training" problem. Go get the star players!
3) Ariana was in a Broadway play called……
Jazzin' up the joint with Emme St. James in Staunton - Staunton News Leader
Yep. So, hopefully people will be able to learn from this first one that they too can present at the next one.
Why must the enjoyable people be the ones not available to enjoy?
something smells good #SUCCESS is my cologne
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if someone would make a teleportation machine!
Yes. I love my co-workers, but getting them to Tweet something is proving to be difficult.
Gym time !
It has been said, "Follow your heart, for the heart never lies."
1-day color sale tomorrow, 7/2/09. All single sided, 8.5x11 PhotoWhite Paper copies or prints only 39¢. Mention you heard it on Twitter.
Hahahaha this commercial for the MTV Movie Video Awards >>>>
RT“ #Aquarius #pisces relationship can be successful, provided both make an effort”
You understand me? I have said enough?-Paracelsus
haha what songs is it?
That is a better sign than an editor saying, "I'm having a hard time editing this story without using profanity..." ;)
i guess i can hook it up for you lol
So glad you made it through, thanks again for being there yesterday!
that's the motivation for projects like
Roadtrip, where are you?
man, I'm developing quite a list. Feel like over here.
Sorry I haven't been on lately! I have been busy with school, homework, & I just came back from vaca. I promise I will try to be on more! :)
I hope its Carolina and Louisville in the championship. Then Louisville wins! That's my team! :-)
We already ran out of Pumpkin Spiced Ale! Looks like we'll have to brew at least three batches next year...
when you start your blog point all your social media accounts there. You see how I have it in my twitter profile?
haha my familyknows that having lunch two hours after planned is a tradition. :)
On days like this, the streets of soma are worthy of a photograph
All students deserve to learn in a safe environment. High school teachers say #ItGetsBetter: youtu.be/R1zJKZgGXcE
Where my main at?
i hate the new twitter.
(tear tear)
Great way to win a game Elliot! If you ever get the chance to link your tweets to Facebook please do!
and did she say i should tell you when i'm coming to visit & invite you out to have drinks with us in some cool decatur place?
send updated resumes to
DAMN I CAN COOK THESE PANCAKES ARE SO FLUFFY
ok here is the contest details
same, spring market was strong, now going into summer.. going to drop off some, but Hppens every time this year. Good luck!
Kenny G.
Gettin this shirt wit vashia , they need to hurry the fuck up
Goodnight everyone! Hope you have a great Wednesday!
Watching tron weird so far but i kind of like it
Washington was richest man in America in 1790s, but was Prez b4 WH was built so ur prob right. Let's hope he isnt in WH
I'm at the Doubletree too and armed w/ good parking pass. If u have transport needs for GRN materials, lemme know!
I love Chanandler Bong.
Just going to claim it....comedy is my thing....just has a great workshop with Emily (Annie) Bates of Emily Schweber Casting!
i love love love love love love love gingers!!!!! <3
I met Telly last night while freezing my butt off cheering on the Brewers @ Wrigley! GO BREWERS!
Gonzalez in Oak Park, Michigan looking for Machine Builders, Electricians, & Pipefitters! Resumes to
Oh yeah!
Can't wait to see what you come up with RT : Presenting my 2012 Marking & Communication plan for this morning....
Peace and #BLESSINGS to the soldiers.
So can u?
I will hack your twitter boy, I still have it<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
A lateral move isnt the best one- esp. when it increases cost. I agree somthng needs to be don. Give them help not rhetoric.
Are u sure ur not being stalked or something like that
Stop on by and receive 10% off of your tab this week by using the secret phrase "SHOP ON SOUTHPORT" just for our #CHIchat friends!
Pekovic is smashing this season.
let me put it to you this way: if you're from mentor, rapping is not for you. give a kid a booth and they think they're talented.
yes u can leave ur seat! If tour sneaky haha. security let me stay in that area rest of the nite:)
NEW SOCIAL NETWORK. LISA FRANKIFY.
yes it was :)
RT : I'm a careless driver <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097> <--aka no one get in a car with you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
thank you :)
Amen!RT : Why are olive oil bottlers exempt from law that requires all ingredients to be listed in order of occurrence on label?
Me: Alright, I need to look really good tomorrow!! My Hair: I don't think so.
one of my most anticipated albums of 2012... New <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Beware!! His game is afoot! LOL
whee maybe the tea soup and the oolong four seasons tea is a bit much on the caffeine in castro #texaninSF come visit :-)
We focus mainly on Twitter--better (and more) conversations in our field happen here than the other networks.
the ones I met are. Maybe it's you...
he walked out with Floyd Mayweather carrying his belts before the Mayweather Cotto fight and he's in his corner. So random.
That's hilarious
I would love to see MU vs Missouri sweet 16
And it's official... just signed a contract w #FluxDesign for remodel!! #STOKED! More info coming soon...
Alyson looks incredible this morning:) Good morning Aly:)
why is my dog barking tho?
#YouCanGetIt if you really want it, but you must try and try. You'll succeed at last.
Are you waiting for me text you? Oh please be the one to break first.
Me either New York is so MINDLESS! :D follow back!
That is an excellent find!
I'm buzzzzzzin. Too many random shuffles in my drink ;)
its so quiet! ):
LOVE PRINCETON FOREVA
ok I'll buy that! I agree! What would you do?
If you do a little each day it will amount to a lot before you know it.
The Prime Minister was rockin' the sport coat.
weight training 1. 11-1150 TTH that's what I am taking :)
70's-80's outbreak horror flicks to see: 'Shivers' --a parasitic infection turns victims into sex-starved psychos-- intrueging
Thank you for spending quality time with us Your version of "Rolling in the Deep" at our studios was glorious!
Is saganaki (fried cheese) StraightEdge? It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it. The alcohol evaporates>>StraightEdge?
Whatchu want me to say?.........I WAS HIGH!
“: Design for mobile first. Hmm. #lib10steps” do u agree?
looking forward to an awesome event on 4/21 at Lakeside, going to be a beautiful day with a great live band! Thanks hosting!
Be still my heart...
i hate that i love you so much everyday i see you make me smile but i remember what you did to me
he's buying all of your albums. I made a believer out of him. I swear; top 5 living rappers right here. I tell everyone. Fuck it.
Be the change that you want to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
Crying red and gold tears right now.
Update: Productive week in New York Meetings, photo shoots, NYC nightlife Fun fun fun
was cutting tracks for five hours today that's what's up
oh no A player on the DL. Having one player on the DL must suck... Did you see my closers/bench?
Just realized is following me. Go Ricki.
Goodluck to and for the cutest canine in America contest! You have my vote :)
it is hot as god knows what in they house!! Too hot!
When all else fails and no one is around I always got the Wayans Bros...
The worst thing about Texas being in the World Series is we'll be forced to look at Dubya's dumb mug behind home plate on TV.
hehehe have fun driving yourself nuts with the forecast!
Hope you feel better soon, Rob.
It's better to end a relationship while we still care about and love each other than to end it after we hate each other.
Alway's Pleased to hear from yOu!!!
"There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do." Explorer Freya Stark
Do you have your free ebook “The Ultimate Consumer Guide to Personal Injury Cases in Florida” from Syfrett & Dykes?
Yes Suns as well.
My Texans taking it to the Colt!
Good morning everyone. Super exciting news about a special #purplestridemke guest coming soon!
The jiggle came after my POST about #kochbros Konspirators confirms the old adage,"Vultures of a Feather FLOCK Progressives TOGETHER!"
i know its a lie
Come on #CATS!
Salma and Sonia wave at Corinne. :) How are you?
I hope all my Followers have a great weekend!! And enjoy the Race tonight!!
To fit in, I ordered a soy raspberry mocha. But I still believe that's a fat people's drink.
That's a great tattoo!
Who's ready for BlueMonster merch? Keep you eyes open for some sweet shirts.
I should go to sleep !
for the first time ever, it's my roommate who's singing when she thinks I can't hear. But I can. Love me some
Dear where art thou today brother ??
Made yummy homemade souffles today! :) M Shared them with the landlord- which makes me a model tenant!
I always thought the girls that tweeted about how much they love their life and their boy were annoying....now I know why they do it.
"so... do you like to party?" "nah i just do ignorant hood rat shit with my friends at the fuckin mall"
To all our new followers stay tuned please we are working hard we promise ! 2 new songs done working on the last one new pics/merch soon!
apparently coaching in the SEC is too tough on him, but he'll be ok in the big 10. Much easier gig I guess
Kool aid smile back :)RT : waving and a Kool Aide smile here sexy
I laid down in my hotel bed...and I can't get up.
It's a "power players" edition with K.A. Jabbar, fmr WH press sec Dana Perino (ABSOLUTELY abysmal) & an education guy.
the ppl
Cloud lockers and streaming is key but the next big thing in music discovery and consumption is going to be social. Rdio is on to something.
The refs ejected Rondo after bumping the ref. It was a 50/50 ball that should have been a jump ball.
kk i will
My friend might be able to give you some advice?
uhh yes I did!
it's working for me! I look, feel and hear better. Down 12 lbs. 6 days in.
Like James Starks, but he's not the greatest pass blocker I've ever seen.
its all good. When you coming back over?
So on my way to work a guy tried to holla at me... I was thinking hm clearly I don't have a car how would we go on a date the bus boy bye!
of course! Your jewels are stunning. I covet them all!
Like, I'm so sunburnt that it hurts to walk.
Rise n grind! Lots to do on aMonday morn. <3
i love watchin debates
#MMAF2012 It's About the Strategy Around the Device!! Consumer behaviors - MMA Forum Singapore!!!
OK Soren, I'll wait until later..
No, there is no polite way to ask for a DJ's playlist. It shows lack of respect and laziness.
When a dog pukes in your shoe while smelling them it's hard not to take it as a sign that it might be time for some Odor Eaters.
Aye :] Twitting !
y'all cutting another one?
you asked
I am :0) I can watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday. Lisa got fired! Yes! Ding Dong. The wicked witch is gone.
ha! I was jealous.
sweet. Gotta see that one!
dude don't act like you're not thrilled to death!!!!
are u moving?! Please don't leave San Antonio D':
what the what? Was it a robot stick meter?
too early to sleep. That's not very #suckergirl. Lol. Goodnight k-money
Thanks for the follow.. can you run me a nern?!
I shoot low 40's on most front nines then mid 50's on the back nine, any advice on whys this is happening. very frustrating
Good morning! The weekend is finally here(:
not yet.. Soon though... Daemion wasnt feeling good earlier and took a nap.. He's still up..ah, the life of a 4 year old
I'm getting off of twitter, crap. That's too much tweeting for one night
I sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent and now he'll never have any friends.
I know
In bed on a Sat not by choice!
I dont believe you
We are looking forward to it as well, Chris.
pre pro pre pro pre pro!!!!!!! I cant believe we leave in 6 days!
How'd your boys like the Avengers last night? Who was their favorite?
join the song of the redeemed as throngs of Elders worshipping give your heart and lift your hands let's re dig those wells...
Such a unique sound. Do you guys have an album/EP out right now?
lazy! Anyways yeah in feeling weak and stuff. #dontknowwhy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I want to see The Sitter on Friday
Pleeeeeze - don't infuse unnecessary proprietary-ness nonsense to ! congrats !
I WANNA GO TO PLANET WALIEN ND EAT ICE CREAM :) <3
got some music for you... Bout to hit your email in a few
thanks for the Retweets!
I want to factory reset my phone, but I'm still scared.
I hate how people act different when they are around certain people.
Great wine and beer tasting going on tonight 6-8pm upstairs Ripple Inn Broadripple - $15 includes appetizers and live jazz.
#WFUD12 Journalists are terrified when they hear about rules. Just talking about fair use can be a chilling effect.
Watched #madmen. Am I crazy or is #dondraper's house the same set as the Bachelor Party movie with Tom Hanks?!?
shout out to my little brother who just got jimmy johns delivered to my house and paid for it.
it better have been good and packed full of se
Your freaken awesome
Stop thinking about what that other person's going to say or think. They weren't concerned when you were with them! Be yourself and LIVE!~RM
What % of the total US income tax should the top 10% of Americans pay? What do you guys think is fair? 50% 75%? more? less?
I remember when all the girls wore vera bradly to school .lol
Oh shit yea. Can we come? RT : Just picked up all the booze for tonight, courtesy of ! Woo!
Yoooo...send that LMFAO type joint when you can bruh to #$lightWork
So bummed I lost my Headers fidora :(
cannons being launched straight into the tornado :)
she irks me too. I should have not killed Kaiden in ME1.
nice job. Really a cool project and a great user experience.
A girl, no matter how many times she denies it, she will always remember every detail, memories & moment you've left her.
Cutie ;D
At the end of the day if she doesn't feel the same way all you can do is say, "atleast I tried". Life goes on we get tougher
Me: preston do my fries taste better than mcdonalds? Preston: yes they do! Congratulations daddy!
that's awesome!
OMG! That sounds amazing :) Post pics please!
Rihanna stoled your word.."BOOM"
Can't wait to go back to school<3 and see everyone(:
#tweetyourbrasize would ya dare
Congratulations to Sibyl G. from S. Jordan, UT for winning a free #nuvoh2o salt-less water softener. Sibyl entered at the Utah State Fair.
Yum. Hungry now.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. When you get the lesson - you've really won.
Learn to make yourself happy ^-^
I think brownies are meant to be under-baked. Yum.
really? its not for me and i searched his name and pressed on and it sayed it didnt exist,thi is wierd
Is it too late? We can have coffee and chat about our trip ;)
I will tell you that Bob's natural health doc says the best way is boiled, but eggs, period, are great!
Lovers: I have a #free show tonight at Hollywood Studio Bar + Grill at 8:30 with the hilarious and others.
'droopy still doing his thing #letsgo !
not the same patts. but i will for sure be visiting during the summer. :P
Fuck this class
I've got 2 shows opening this week! Gibraltar at Plays & Players and Sam-Gam BAM! with Group Motion, Headlong, and 3 Aksha at the Mandell!!!
My brother just got an assist in his hockey game- winning 7-0!!
The Google homepage is the best ever today saturday
At the rodeo to see zz top
A wise panther once said, "Those who seek instant gratification will eventually get no gratification."
Why travel halfway around the world to listen to the same radio station and call the same people? Glad about updates!
okay, my "Zachary COIF!"
When coming up with your #StartUp, make sure you stay away from "Shiny Object Syndrome" and stick to what counts.
he must be using both faces!
I'm high on Nutella
it's going to be an interesting show. their new material is pretty crazy. happy pre-birthday!
Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish Brethren!
GASP! now I'm wondering who is behind the AAFilm Twitter Account. i thought you are someone i know from the LAB....
we sure did, it was great. Thanks again for everything you guys have done this year!
Someone has a Mario coin gather sound as their mail message notification on their phone. I find this extremely awesome, yet annoying.
Really CBA for a really snow filled winter... Hate when there's too much
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a Guinness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
and then some! Let me know next time you're about!
hahah I think you're talking to the wrong person then. is the one with the camera skills
Good evening all - Anyone watch the arca race
#Talking Leads To Another #Conversation, #Walking Gets You To The
RT : Emery says Rodriguez will be a vertical tight end and likes his versatility.
Awesome! thanks!
damn did i leave before it got really good?!?!?!? ill have to finish watching it!!
find us on #facebook ! www.facebook.com/tijerasnaturalproducts
Case of the #Mondays? Come see us for some fro yo to make your day-:)
"what game should I play next?" "moo moo farm." I just realized how stupid I sound.
Honcho Weekend warriors rule - If you don't follow the dibs rule then you aren't a true Honcho Brother
Fyi children's Book Fair outside #CalTrans bldg today.
9/1 Soft Launching of FilmBernco's new website featuring Actors and Models living in NM. Invite only. Email 4 details.
Back to School: Free hair cuts today for school kids between 2-6 p.m at Main Event barber shop on 1701 FM 1960
I think your full name has to be on all official documents and cards so it might be in very small type on licenses. :)
Lying ur way through life will only bring misery & it's compounded when u lie 2 urself 2 the point where u can no longer distinguish reality
I'm BOOKED.
O cutie potential!? I'm going to come have lunch with you :D
"3:33! I wish for a ping-pong table"
Thanks, but it's the community that does the great work -- we just do what we can to help!
Final time.
yeah baby looking to iran for leadership
WOW, fascinating!
Some party these #dumbass neighbors called the cops. ON KIDS!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Cranberry Walnut Pies at Acme! Order yours today! 614-732-2803
Thx! Cheers to you too!
This is very frustrating to me how do u get one of the iconic boyz to follow u like literally how do u do it?
Thank you, Akhila!!
“Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you. The future will take care of itself." -Paramahansa Yogananda
Just (over)ate at the Brazilian steak house.
The first rule of account is you don't talk about who made account :)
This is a weird place, where if you are lucky, at the end they put you in a hole in the ground and give you a stone with your name on it.
stay sober Charlie...stay sober...
great choice!
Man wanted books on learning Windows XP for his wife.
bet. you got the math. hit me up if you do. i still owe you for coming through to the BK Bowl show. meant a lot.
I need to go exchange this dress
Dear #Congress, forget trashing the debt and start getting on businesses and banks to spend more money to HIRE PPL! THAT MIGHT FIX THINGS!
VCU get off my tv you are torturing me. :(
I just really don't want to go back there. Even if it's only for the afternoon.
Yea, girl. But after last year are you surprised? There'll be parties and whatnot though. Will keep you posted.
I'm handsome :P :D ahaah I megohm
Bout to get dressed and head to the Reeve and get something to eat.
perhaps something latent in his delivery etc that was a little more on the surface during his prospect days?
bar hoping with <3
If you fuck with them suckaz you betta duck with them suckaz
Check the new site on your iPhone. That one rate us ad jacks the whole page and covers up your picture and show logo.
thanks for the follow! very flattered :) -lisa
Leaving the shore
Can't wait!! RT Can't wait to see you both tomorrow! Amy, we finally meet. Yay! :)
and my mommy have the same birthday<3 wednesdays gonna be the best day<3 (:
What do you get if you cross a snake with a hotdog? A fangfurther.
lol my interview got pushed back
Hola Amigos! It's two way taco tuesday!!! Chef Eduardo has prepared a mouth watering BBQ Pork and BBQ Chicken fried mini tacos! Giddy Up!
I'd like to wish a happy birthday to my inspiration. you may officially be a man now, but you'll alway be Kidrauhl.I love you
RT : Why can't we make the biz case that ppl w/ #disabilities can fill the looming talent shortage? - J. Robinson
you're welcome. thanks for the follow back
At the movies with seeing Underworld in 3D! Kate Beckinsale is the best actress... in 3D.
yeah I was thinking about it. How much is it
I wanna go to the art gallery to see my drawing lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It varies--sometimes people come for one show in particular & won't come back
Writing admissions essays for Haas. First draft 400 words too short. Second draft 900 words too long. Third draft, just right?
The Marina branch was my home branch while a student at CSUMB!
remember me when it comes to college!!! :P
Also cj watson is the goat tonight.
Have a great show tonight with ! #Vegas #DJ #urock!!
Love dosnt make ur world more colorful than before. It just opens ur eyes to what u couldnt see before
Summer urban life is killing me. I miss the rain and no tourists around!
That tattoo that makes you think " Damn.... They had to regret that the next day"
Headed up to this county championship here soon. Good luck #AvonBaseball!!
mine did too got it replaced good as new at a nice place in Vancouver for 100 bucks
LCA OL - Zach West chooses Kentucky
yea that's prolly why then :/.. U need an iPhone :)
The absence of your presence in my life is unbearable. Is this hell?
Edited one of the new songs and can't wait to get started on Tuesday! Doby gets to rock out "On the Foreign Exchange!"
YAY! We should see it!!:D
Super Excited about TONITE - - House Band & Soulstress on Deck
I'm sorry congratulations on making it that far. I'm proud of y'all.
loved the performance! all the stress payed off!
True friendship is having a full bank to draw on
First time ive changed my teitter pic in months
thank you very much.
hey u going to the Essesance Festival?
All kinds of ways to get exposure to hundreds of #BBQ fans: sauce contest, vendor booth, door prizes, etc. Join us at this year's event!
should check out and get back on his soapbox.
Oh, my Dad would kill for a piece of that... looks incredible
Thanks! Looking forward to following the
drag the desk with you ... or chew off your leg.
Mother’s Day $15 Memoir Journal with any $150 purchase. 5/4-5/13 at participating stores, while supplies last.
Sound like you might be a good fit? Learn more about and apply for a position via our Careers Page
Every beer has an equal but opposite beer.
Questions on buying or leasing a home in North Las Vegas? Msg and lets talk!
Reruns are getting old..Let's get the new season started!! ": Catch a #StorageWars marathon TONIGHT starting at 6pm/5c!"
oh just found it looks great 5 then?
What teen homeless shelter?
Badgers get 8 offensive fouls called on Vandy Saturday. According to these 3 Blind Mice, #Badgers don't set their feet very well.
you + drinking.
You've got mail
Don't mess with me. ;)
same here!
u shut up danni before I firebomb the command post
i'm sayin tho u cute
coming on the web site soon. will keep everyone posted. Have a fantastic rest of the weekend!! More tomorrow, Ghost Adventures for now!
i cluckin love you !!! have a great birthday<333 you my idol<3
as a white progressive southerner lets not pretend racism exists solely s of mason Dixon. Def exists in tea party, in all states
it sure is!! Yay Van Morrison!!
nah, let's go band-aid approach - move it to the day after. Endure the brunt of pain all at once, so the lingering isn't so bad.
Tornado Sirens in EP?! What is going on?? Anyone know??
I haven't seen it. Not sure they're finished production. But found the idea of "abandoned part of the Sun newsroom" fascinating.
#Brewers may be freezing their tushies off, but their bats are on fire! has a nice early lead to work with!
Just aced my midterm!!
can I have one?!?
Star Mentors engages Jennifer Milan who has 1# I-tunes upload positon in Italy- She is burning up the charts - www.digistarmgt.com
i just went on follow limit??! are u serious? cmon, !
Excellent storm hitting a high point in the #Richmond Dist, wind and hail.
if you could go back in time and redo anything, what would it be?
they are?
> Illini bringing it strong tonight in the Texas bowl. That running back that torched my Cats is looking good.
Good morning everyone!
Tryin to get this first video from my event on YouTube. It's my version of Hillsong- The Stand. Having some $ issues but should be up soon.
#CMA's I was really moved by tonight. So glad to see his tribute ! Praying for him. He looked so excited and happy tonight.
Sending out my warning to the liquor store as we speak
Dude that is flat out sick!!!
The GreenNote platform is now live! Prior members can register for the Fall fundraising campaign FREE until July 9th
Networking Event@ Mynt Martini 04/06...Come build your Data Base,Meet Single,and have fun..www.tri-statespeeddaing.com
These folks aren't on the injury report
that's like tryin' to replace a Halle Barry with a 300 lb. Woman! NOT!
It is of no use to establish steamship lines to bring goods to this port until we have local lines to distribute goods to the interior.
I know what's goin on T...
ok its saturday so... whats going on tonight in Pittsburgh? anybody got anything fun planned?
sunday the 29th. we will all be in the same state. bar b q at the poseys!
harassing me really? #growup do what's right Patent pending haha get it u nice to me I'm nice 2 u take advantage of me and I never forget
I went to express yesterday hoping you'd be there :(
We follow!
IAP program manager Susan Britsch is taking our panelists through orientation. We'll officially begin at 10:00 a.m. EDT
Please help staff & cmty residents rebuild Raleigh YWCA!
hey whats up
RT : I do love my cat <3
yeah. I heard they're looking at this 97 from Houston named Haytham or some shit
what I'm saying though is that despite the umpire, Hurricane put themselves in a tough situation
done and done! ;D thanks!
yo at home w/ females
A good boyfriend can't fix all your problems, but he can promise you, that you won't have to face them alone.
To the little yellow trailer that could! #taco love
He lied to the ppl about swag lol RT : what did you do to these ppl....
#NF The talented she follows back :-)
WAIT! lol, like 5 seconds, for my next tweet, then you can go to sleep.
Are vegetations allowed to eat animal crakers?
I try to find my friends, but.. they blowin in the wind. - Tupac
Aiight... Deandre got his 1st standing ovations... Wow. Lol that boy and you killed that song
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!!!
that's wear the money from the mustang went?:(
I love you too (:
seriously what reason would I have to spam, I don't sell shit don't care about anyone's info, I'm barly on this bitch
tickets at $25.75 were just released! Pick them up fast! This is going to be a great show! Bush, Seether and My Darkest...
Lol. I'm ashamed for you sir.
Hello again CSU! It's good to be back.
Tips session w/ Jocelyn Sheppard - pre-venture and start up companies can be good clients!
how much is a one day pass at snowshoe? I finally found my gloves and beanie and socks lol now im able to go
Saw it at Sav More Beer and Pop, Browns Hill Road.
Our new mural is done! Come over to the shop & take a look!
Thanks girl :) luh you too!
problem: dogs pay in pre-eaten Snausages.
anybody know why there are so many police vehicles from NJ in Logan circle (DC) right now? J/w
yes ma'am
#RufusKing: Remember ... that without Piety towards God ... and inflexible Integrity towards all men, no human means deserve success (1818)
The Girls in the House Wii Dance Party. The Boys: Halo on the 360.
Thanks for the heads up! RT : FYI: Rush talking Wal-Mart moms right now
Does anyone know if any OOP movies are on Amazon instant view?
Thanks for the RT!!!
You gotta realize when your not wanted to walk away and.find someone who wants you
LOL! Nice link Tom, the article's update now concedes that Walker's numbers come from 95% of the WI's businesses. Thanks 4 help!
Between work, college and high school.. I have no time for a social life.
Big game for Milwaukee Bucks tonight!
Tomorrow isn't a right; it's a privilege, because tomorrow may never come
Tomorrow with Greg Kihn - win Giants-A's tickets for Friday night's game!
Happy mother's day from all of us at #sandwichmeinchicago!
lovin' is what i got...
You're a dork. Text me back!
wow nice...next thing you know he'll be asking for your bank account to deposit the 5 million dollars he needs you to hide
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>yeah I feel real peacefull....lol
Quite a few and I know this guy is creating mobile apps on Las Vegas
I got nothing. I forwarded your request to my fellow miss, who is not on twitter. Are you going to be a fancy pirate?
You may delay thing, but time will not
Cool :) Haha :) How old are you?
"Sometimes you just have to give up on people. Chasing after them is painful, especially when they don’t try to meet you half way"
Thank you I like your name to!!:)
your REALLY pretty (: -Valerie ; 9 years old - Junior Company(:
by the time I look for a job I won't have a facebook
Importing all of my photos into #Lightroom from 1983 onward. Tagging and folder structure now standardized. Lots of work, but worth it.
Drew Maxwell McArtor is absolutely amazing.. <3
Im so hungry.
You, sir, are ambitious!
Happy birthday! :-)
doc to the next level
IMA TEAM PLAYER IF I WIN THEN WE WON THEY GONE PUT US ALL INDA HALL OF FAME WHEN WE DONE
I honestly dont understand and have no intensions on understanding the things that be going through a guys head
Waking up this morning with alot on my mine
Bored in penn Wah
I was kindly granted access to a 300 acre farm in southern #Loudoun, and took full advantage of it yesterday. Sprawling pastures w/ views.
Thrive lunch will be held at Hector’s Mexican Restaurant 1711 Schofield Avenue Weston @ 11:30am ! Hope to see you there!
An official PUBLISHED poet #yeeee'buddie
Hope you enjoyed ‘em! RT: chocolate sunbelt chewy granola bars!! >>>>>
Come on now we both know everyone was showing off for me, who are we kidding ;D
Nation, it's a new day! Rejuvenated & ready for more compelling #sports, #nba stories. Anybody got some good material yet?
OH 's b-day: "I'm gonna pour some wine in a cup and hope that they don't notice." (OH = me.)
And it is signed, bonus!
Just silly. Kids no doubt
It takes a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone but it takes a lifetime to forget someone
We're watching the stupidest movie in history on full freaking blast and it smells like dog poop. I just wanna sleep.
If all of Miami drove like me, there'd never be traffic
Your boy embarrassing himself & your entire network tonight. Going after Jesse, unprovoked, like a little child.
Band practice with a band of hugely talented musicians! :)
Seeing crooked fingers with My friend Brian d has been raving about them for years. They never play, I feel lucky.
6 core...16 gig ram...ready to reset.
Paris Hilton's head must be exploding from all of her wishes she'll be making today.
4th-round steals so far (in order): Lamar Miller (a star-in-the-making), Alameda Ta'amu, Kirk Cousins
agree! Awesome!! They all sounded amazing!
So I auditioned for a corporate band yesterday, and it was amazing!!!!!
I WISH. So much shit coming up cant even think about it so stressed!!!
haha Keith Urban(: and my wall is like that too!!! Full of one direction!
People already assuming Shit about me and my boyfriend . Like get a life !
haha I know im so stupid!! I always regret it but the curiosity kills me sometimes! LOL
Excellence must be defined to be modeled, modeled to be reproduced, and reproduced to become your organization's culture.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 88
GOOD MORNING! HAVE A GOOD LABOR DAY WEEKEND, BE SAFE
Now he's just messing with us.
its even better when I finish & then Gavin wants to play for another half hour :) maybe we can start a trio
Collect rainwater, and use it to water your houseplants and garden!
most def. Been Pissed how ABC does this every year takes shows off a few Weeks so finale is around sweeps week.
Hi! Pantheon is pleased to run DrupalCamp sites for free. Shoot me an email at if you are interested.
That's cool too, I just don't understand you.
In fact on blogs, many blog authors de facto trade comments with peers e.g. among food bloggers. So, go write some comments?
fuck you bitch my shoes brand new
Yea we doing harlo together on Thursdays trying to grind
Let's be honest ; la is a shitty town
Dear guy in the Midway bathroom, the stall is not a phone booth.
I'm a big fan of having a spiritual life, but loud man in Starbucks proclaiming there is only one way to God is not my kind of salvation.
One of those days when I just can't keep up with the teacher.
Rehearsal for Charlotte's Web is tonight! See you there!
does that mean someone ate at #vapianos!?
In life pick your battles that are big enough to matter but small enough to win.
Really dont feel like walking home right now
And, given the budget situation now, I wouldn't be surprised if they do cancel UTD once this contract comes due.
Not big on Valentines Day? Join TK for Anti-Valentines Day. Come enjoy our Happy Hour specials and treat yourself to a Stupid Cupid!
Rome wasn't built in one day...
Nice article! What is your take on Social Media in education ?
More like
I love gingers I don't care what anyone says.
needs to study. finish script n im done.
” — Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter (movie)
Workout tonight at #planetfitness got me but it will be worth it ...
Why is following Booboo page now. Well some are celebs.. Lol. Follow me (:
you're mr. Twitter today!
we had a great time ! Hope to do it again!!!
also if you have any suggestions on Nnamdi please comment. Our writers are welcome to discussions.
Tanning for 5 hours :]. Im super dark .
Last night was amazing! Cant wait to rock my hawk Nelson tshirt
Laertius Diogenes~ I am a citizen of the world.
#MyCelebCrushIs and my dreams well it's to meet him.<3 I love Cody Simpsonn.<33
i just want to be in my own bed rite abt nw!!
Still a #South8Native Wouldn't Change were I was Raised its part of who Iam
Thanks SO much for the mention. How are you today?
Day one of marching band? Success. :)
You get to smell like an old person early. What's not awesome about that?
hahaha keep that kid away from me
thinking we need to go to #victoriassecret for some new #broncosapparel yay #football has finally started!!!
That answer should be obvious but with how shoddily the rest of the program was setup who the hell knows.
At the improv watching todd glass 8-)
Here's a bit of May Day advice: skip Leonard Cohen's version of Solidarity Forever. It won't inspire you to do anything but but mope.
Damn right I got it
Just 2 more weeks....
Just gotta keep pushing
Just got paid...Friday night! Oh Lord, I better write this tithe check right now before it gets missing! :-)
did you get it off any videos ?
Share your favorite summer time memory with us on this snowy day!
Eric, I also highly rec Billy T Jones' "Fondly Do We Hope, Fervently Do We Pray" project - breathtaking & enlightening.
That mixtape looks dope as hell excited to check it out =) ILL
Always a bad sign when you look at the weather radar & it's just all blue. Not so excited to drive out to Palatine today. Eeks.
#FF My sassy little mama from Wisconsin, even though she should strongly consider relocating east
Yes! RT like a flashmob, pancakes. Still there's art in it.
I like your taste in music, right on.
RT : is opening it's #membership to the public for 2012! IT'S FREE and packed with all kinds of
when i entered LOVE I Saw Ariana Grande Try
thanks :) now that you mention it, my shoulder is a little painful... #justkiddin ;)
Shabbat Shalom Everyone - Congratulations to the class of 2012 !
#BlackMamaQuotes: Boy If you don't sit yo black ass down somewhere. Hell you gon run my damn blood pressure up !
Only one day away from "Mambo De Leon" Live Saturday 9pm Hotel Ballroom! Get your tickets now! Call 402.213.9200!
Yep, knew that but explaining the process to patrons is another thing. It really should be in the amazon app store. Tx tho!
And how come freddy never wore pants?
Funny I'm getting resistance against my statement about hope. I say it's not what drives successful people to take action
ok I got you at school tomarrow!
What type of art are you looking for?
So excited to get these goodies in the mail today from ! So ready to #SweatPink in #SanDiego! :)
lol shit it's not hard!!
New York City!!!! Colonial House Inn is now on board Diversity Platinum!
| Time to reconnect and follow-up per our last meeting!
You getting back on the bike in spring?
y'all both kings
I say YES- Go with the coffee!! It is Friday after all! RT To go get coffee, or to not go get coffee.. That is the question..
haha.. .dunno man. German efficiency?
Also, if you sign-up through the links on Bianca's blog, a portion of the sale will go directly to her!
RT : Wishing all of our followers a safe and happy Fourth of July!
and her ass better not say shit to me.
“: My script is troubling me at the moment. All I know is, doing nothing is not an option.” - couldn't have said it better!
I just poured mine, let me know when we're ready to take the first sip :)
Isabelle likes the margarita flavored slushies at Taco Bell. Tangy!!
I'm dammed if i do, I'm dammed if I don't. But I don't give a fuck 'cause i'm a beast, i'm an animal!!!
Thanks for the Follow! Where in NYC are you?
When in doubt, lick it out
up at 6 and the morning! and miss my #BEAUTIFUL girlfriend (:
is that in New York?
had our first #ballsmoment with linda the other day hahaha
I believe that was by far the shortest week of my life! Back to LA today! Definitely enjoyed my visit!
I finally decided that I'm going to unfollow people who seemingly only posts links to Twitter, and never have anything to say.
aww, best tweet.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you. lol
Agreed! RT : We had a chat on scheduling, I believe Dont schedule engagement,but its ok to schedule content
I'll be just inside Gate A, from 12:00 - 12:30 signing autographs. I even got a new card to sign this year. Come say hello!
Come find us on Twitter too!! Thanks for all the support, it is wonderful to see all the love and kindness for kids everywhere!!
Batman AA, taking it one step at a time...
Yum. Just tried a Skinny Water. Let's see if it gives me the energy boost it promises...if I'm extra tweety you'll know why.
Sorry, I wasn't checking Twitter like I should have been earlier. It was thinning out by 6:30, did you find anyone?
nice chatting with you erin :)
loves Austin Pendleton's emails.
Still buzzing from great conference. Thnx for allowing me to meet f2f and present w/ the wonderful
hey, I miss you too <3
If Shaw got 3, Torres better get more - oh wait, the NHL owns the Coyotes, so ... $50 fine
and I already have our tickets!
Loving the new Lecrae album and that Sonny Sandoval is on it!
Put Johnny mnemonic at the Hawthorne Theater and Doctor Who at the Standard.
Thanks, Patrick. I'll be doing more of those, thanks to
Anglechroma at Bru Café (New Haven, 8pm tonight) -- Matt Weston (percussion), Carl Testa (upright bass, electronics), Dan Godston (trumpet)
Starting research for the next book...Text You for Teens.
Thx for the follow Lindsay. I noticed you mention Belmont & 12th S. Love that area!
This morning I'm in love with my lawyers, I'm closing & you sent me a "thank you" letter. Made my day. Made my day.
lol.. I couldn't help but sweat it out. But why am I back eating this stuff now as I type!!!:):) lol
The only comic I've picked up is the Avengers/X-Men one, but haven't had a chance to read it yet.
I've spent my day playing tennis, soccer, eating, being happy.
#iwonder what college will be like
Follow Back :)
it does but its a separate app its retarded
ok! Oh.... Different Tony!
LA's football team gonna be called the Magic?
Now if we could just find an oil-sheik to start a 2nd team, we could all get behind hating them.
Yay! Glad you're getting started, Melissa! So wish I was there at #AllWrite with you all!
..thank you so much for your continual support. We won't let you or anyone with a love for music down.
“There is no reason — no practical reason — for newspapers to survive.” -Jacek Utko, TED Talks speaker
Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend - KOLD-TV Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend KOLD-TV AP Entertainm
This bitch snorts one more time image throw my bookbag at her face
Feels like the day is going swiftly today. Good. Disappointed M's kids stole from his classroom while he was out at the dentist. Bad.
And for all that effort, election results still won't come close to "Ravens new uniforms" in terms of page views.
I'm sorry :( You'll still kick it's ass though
Only 3 more days til baseball! Got my tickets for the vs. opener.
Asian Defence News: Facebook addiction spoof
Umm…yes. RT : I actually love getting asked out on dates by people I don't even like. Love getting free food.
Indeed. Please wish Cash a happy birthday from all of us!
Rondo looks like Brady threading the needle with these dimes...
BUT I GOT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM NOWWW! BACK IN LINE BEFORE I BREAK THAT OFF AND KICK IT AROUND ON THE GROUNND!! -MAJOR PANYE
Just figured out that the seasonal beer is out!!!!!!
All us parents want to know is that you will be at your best when you are an adult and you make something great of yourself.
i really didn't wanna get out of my bed this morning..
Chair expresses desire to move through as many witnesses as possible before recessing at noon.
Wow. Just saw a crazy tweet and when I looked the guy up, he had 23,355 tweets. Congratulations crazy dude! Way to put your heart into it.
Our prayers continue to go out to our friends in Japan. Stay tuned for a special release supporting the devistation of the earthquake.
= Ben's House Probation. Sleep overs with 7 people=good. Stealing from my ever-expanding wardrobe=NO BUENO
You don’t have to be a big corporation to outsource
( ; haha your interesting
We build training and development programs to fit your needs, your circumstances, and your culture.
I must have maid written on my forehead. and honestly, how Do you manage to get so much hair Everywhere?
School lunch and the school bathroom <<
THAT'S how you do a 21st bday! If you need tips on where to go/what to do while in #Vegas, we'd be glad to help!
You got it! Thanks for playing along. :)
Hey , that Kindle Fire I ordered 9/28 has been sitting at FedEx for over two days. Get it here pronto or I’ll return it unopened…
2 weeks of Insanity left for me, then it's off to Hawaii before Beachbody Summit!
#INSIGHT 'how to style your choir for commercial market place opportunities' - "Master Class" w/ JUNE 21 in DC!
well like i said this morning another chance is gone but on the bright side theres July:) so excited
Strangely, the day is over for me. Spent. hoping for crazy dreams tonight.
sad sad sad but true true true. And it was in a class with 7 women of 8 total students!
Really good. Forgot how strong it was, until about 10 minutes after my first glass...
wow, that's commitment (all around-- the running, being nice, drinking in the am...)
RT : In #PR transparency is ideal. If u privatize some #socialmedia sites (e.g. #FB), make sure ur still searchable
Joel! please reply! we haven't spoken in a long time! I haven't been on twitter b/c of school haha : D
Looks like no #yankees tonight. Time to work a bit, hang with the kids, and get ready for the 7AM meeting and 9 AM lifting program!
it's almost as good as Trittico will be! Looking forward to having you play in our pool.
Yeah it is. I'll miss doing it.
So great of you - thanks!! Am reading at Syracuse Univ. April 25, then in NYC until 30th.
got some hard ass punchlines
Happy Birthday!
Much on my mind...
. just killed it on
do it, you'll feel smartlikea12 yr old. topic: lovelives and relate it to poker, call it normnorm, find interview 'victims'
I work in social media as well, so I totally understand! I absolutely love what I do because of the interactions I get to have. :)
"backup your information three ways" Paperless Agent Seminar
#PracticalSecurityTactics If you are blocking 11371 egress it's really hard to interrogate a PGP keyserver.
cherry pepsi ^.^
#YouCuteAndAllBut you need a serious attitude change.
Congrats, Troy! Will miss working with you.
Our forklift is working again! I'm sure this is a bigger deal to me than anyone on here, but I had to share :)
Follow Me??
We have to stop procrastinating, pretending that we have forever to do what we want to do and to be what we long to be.
Oh very cool! Yeah, we're finishing up college soon. That's one thing we're waiting on for recording- the semester to end!
don't come to campus yet, we are having a shelter in place, there is a gas leak, everyone is supposed to avoid the campus.
I learned the hard way that they all say the things you want to hear
what do you think could be done about the high employment rate among college graduates?
but other than that they're twins
Thanks for the follow
Everyday feels like a Friday for me..
we'll be there, take care of business. On to Pasadena
love you too man!
i really like ur head of hair O.O
passed Basic today! My day just went to a 10!
"the rejection letter [..] confessed that they were not able to watch every film" this happens & that's the worst part.
you know better, you do better!
Just found out iPhone 5 will have lefty flip. Sweet.
I follow you if you are in
One word of advice: draft your lesson in its near-entirety before putting it into CALI Author (if you haven't already)!
9920 is excited to now be tweeting!
12 hours until Marathon, FL... I assure you that there will be no running... and hopefully no Wi-fi :)
#TurnToYou got to my mom,becuase she is a single parent & she knows how hard it is,we used to have the same problems as you.<3
I'm about to shower.. you?
#spurs and #knicks lost today
3) Curatorial and bibliographic expertise are more visible, more important, and more widely distributed than before~
Freaking awesome. What episode? Also, thanks to I now have a TNG t-shirt
John Waters! We are still recovering from last night's event! Woo hoo. What a party. Thanks to all of those who made it happen! We heart u!
haha shut up. And okay nighty night!! :)
You have to work hard for what you want....nothing is given to you.
Ahh this weather is amazing! I hope it stays!
Today's hunt question will come from The Daily News, , go pick it up to win!
All ready for Game 7 WHL Finals. broke one streak last night, breaking 2nd tonight
yeah I'm fine.
I have three guys with ladder in my office working on the clicking that has slowly been driving me insane for the last 3 months. I <3 them.
Little girl just asked for books about "real" mermaids because they exist.
Love your photo, by the way. Always keep your eye on the ball.
toes? Idk about all that
#Gators freshman Taylor Burke claims the #SECTF women's high jump title. Congrats from the
See you Food Fight this Thursday!
Good morning tweeters
Suppose thats all i need
make sure to follow ! they will be doing a ticket giveaway within the next few days!
Job creation by #foodhubs needs to factor in potential job losses by traditional processors/distributors.
Honestly, when Texas loses, it feels like Republicans lose. I love it!
hey!! my name is Kayla too!! lol
Quick ass first half shit
All I gotta say is is EN FUEGO! see you on #HBO making movies! Let's go!
I Believe
what was the code?
Good point. I'm a mac user. Right now going towards Sprint (EVO) than At&t (iPhone) though.
State of Nation's Children precarious: Children’s Leadership Council Urges Prez/Congress to Focus on Children
lol wait what?
follow me back
GoodNight Everyone *kisses*
Yes. ": Should Facebook have an "Important" button in addition to the "Like" button? #activatenyc12"
I am the only one who actually uses
Finch, you magnificent bastard...
is an amazing man #truestory now let's get 1MillionForKevinJ pwetty pwease :(
CONGRATULATIONS TO So happy. Can't stop crying. Love them so much!
107 more followed till 1000 shout out for shout out? Xx account made for
thanks for the article on knee braces. It was very informative.
hahaha i cant believe we just pulled that off.
Appreciation attracts appreciation!
Officially the best lax team in the history of school. Top 5 team of any sport in history of school? Good debate to have...
Just pitched our mobile app - Reporta - with the crew and our new .gov friends
beautiful, funny and incredible. I love u so so much<U+2665>.
RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BRITTANY. I'M PROUD OF U// aww thank u! That means alot!!
at the Mondrian we are showing the game
Here's a little secret about ..... His birthday is this week!!!!! Stay tuned to find out when it is.
Emergency vehicles rolling to a reported crash on NW Cornelius Pass Rd between Hwy 30 and Skyline Blvd.
you should change your twitter handle to
Attn LADIES: We are now offering make up airbrushing! Book with Ana today!! 221.7043 Just $55 for the month of December!
LOL. Lots of Advil, yes, and I was thinking a little psychoanalysis might help (of the knee of course). ;)
// Thanks for sharing! Good read on #teamwork and its importance.
it's a pretty nice feeling when Peter Stalleybrass is giving talks on your dissertation topic. Maybe I'm on to something?
Tonight 6pm est Special conference call with Call 760-984-1000 Code
NO grrrri ha school but for my school ends at 3 #BORING lolz
How you doing today?
Closed SHORT $AUDUSD for +9 pips profit; 12% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92% SHORT
Life is difficult.
They probably also think "I may have done some stupid things, but I would have never done that."
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man
Eddie Royal is a nice pickup. Will he be returning kicks this year?
wowowow. I'm already getting excited to see what she's got planned for Pride.
#Infamous :) Yep, should be good ! <3 Abandon All Ships :)
yeah, I get that a lot
Glad to see get a Herald byline today. Joins my staff writers, and who freelance for the Herald as well.
... is your ticket still available?
Threw super bowl party in work - patriot balloons adorn my cube. Damn, I feel like Dilbert.
Enter our Twitter contest & win $100 giftcard to Oz! Follow us and tweet 'I love '.Winner chosen Nov. 30th!...
RT : Breaking News from : BGB Technology picks #Chesterfield for their 1st US facility
considering hiring as ghost tweeters
Saw you on FOX & your Lions/Lambs comment. Keep saying what we NEED to hear. You raise the leadership bar & your COURAGE LEADS!
I knew it!
check yo email
Home of the FREE...thanks to the BRAVE! Thank you #vets!
Today is the first day of spring! I see a future full of fanfare and color-blocking!
till you fall off lol
Soup of the day is Roasted Eggplant
morning srry im late
I hate to say I told you so, so... Welcome to Miami!
RT : RT : What does it take to implement 6m sq ft of #BIM at one of the US' largest medical centers?...
Well thank u. :)
Did you learn that raptors are impervious to forcefields?
And I am just praying for you in general! :)
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future. ~ Charles Kettering
You'll miss 100 per cent of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky
RT While I deplore bigotry toward same sex couples I WOULD support a ban on the nauseating marriages depicted in Kay Jewelry ads
- Sounds like a blast! Have a great weekend!
2 Blonds walk into a bar and the bartender asks "whats the occasion?" One Blond says we finished a puzzle box in 2 weeks it said 2-3 years"
That price shows the upside of mult position ability and the downside of desperation....
Disturbing? Yes. Shocking? No. RT The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs... Disturbing.
And don't forget Sveum was a favorite of Tom Trebelhorn's in the late 80s.
Piece by piece, my car will be brand new by the end of the year...and I will be broke
that's going to change soon. Love you god bless you and may god keep you good night<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
hahhaha pretty good era last year too .... however losing 7 games is not acceptable for a reliever
just splurged...on a new pair of saucony running shoes.
Snowing in Summit County, again...
We went to someone's house for lunch (peeps u both know but we havent seen in awhile) & of course there was dessert..z
RT YOU KNOW A NIGGA DISLIKE THEIR JOB WHEN AFTER AN 8 HR SHIFT THEY SPEND 5 HRS LOOKING FOR ANOTHER JOB • LMFAO !”
TEXT ME SOMETIME.
Employee discount only if you took out a Macy's credit or prepaid card. No thanks.
Social login makes it easy to personalize content and product recommendations
i love u
''Die Young" video does touch you if you've dealt with bullying. True message man.
who ARE the rizzle sticks???
Hope you picked some tasty treats for the fam!
Likeng women that keep them legs close n smiles glow
Yeah buddy, hair cut time..!!
We will keep you & your family in our thoughts & prayers during this tough time. Hang in there. ^bt
Etsy sales are picking up! :)
New York here I come
What's it take to be happy anymore
S/O to I thought this was the spot on center st... But still cool
24 carat gold means pure gold. (18 carat is 75% pure and 12 carat is 50% pure)
sell, tell, & tag
You're very welcome, so glad you could join us! cc:
EAT MY SHORTS! ((Bart Simpson Voice))
The military angle didn't call to me. I think many undergrads need to be reminded that they don't know as much as they think they do.
Glad that my is on the cutting edge developing serious Pinterest presence
God is amazing! I promise
If you love someone, let them know or else watch them be happy with someone else.
RT : To win, you must first believe.
I'm jealous! Huge Museum Lab fan here! RT Great afternoon with friends from Louvre DNP Museum Lab; they do such fascinating...
I think my spirit animal is bacon.
oh you fucking know it
Farm Aid 2011 at #LSP was named the Event of the Year by ! Thanks to everyone for your support!
I bet they are thinking that about a lot of teams
oh that does suck! :/ when are you having surgery?
“ Sean is such an ass”
Highly Favored!
yeah that's fine:)
its a very beautiful morning so happy that god woke me up to see this
And we are proud of you!
Kick off in 20 minutes!
funny and fucked up thing is theses niggas are gettin on.....IDK
Correction: "it's a black persons funeral"
you deserve to get followed by !
DM me your email address and I will get further information sent ASAP, thanks!
so pretty!<3
Noticed this on ejournals page: Most requested ejournals- New England Journal of Medicine, JAMA, the Lancet, Nature, Science
so did Lebrons mom...
and you as well :)
German hot dogs are amazing. Loving today!
i love your sister
Off to the dentist we go~
Thanks for following along on Twitter, Bob! Look out for blog updates from and (and maybe, Susan, too).
I pride myself on being a man, but at times you must put your pride to the side and be a man..
ain't no rest for the wicked.
i love when bands add a nice string section at shows. it makes their music sounds so beautiful live
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
Hey Kevin, I can check with people that handle that stuff...shoot me a DM with an email.
Charlie Sheen is sticking it to the man!
Got a reverse squeeze scuba divine today :(
S/o to for this delicious blow pop!!!!
I'm definitely a Bob Marley fan, but over the years not so much... he's only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Jamaican
I'm interested in an early invite. My username is drwhitney. Thanks!
I cooked last night so my DH could have leftovers for lunch. I just tried eating for breakfast and it does not taste awesome.
We have some great parties lined up next week to end the year with: Cinco de Mayo at Valhalla and Beer Ball on Friday!
real talk. try living in chicago and having to hear about how "AMAZING!" the lineup is this year. barf.
Sundays go by way too fast.
what it do pimp! Whatever happened to "wheelspin?"
Make sure you take the time to just relax and/or have some fun!
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary
There's a difference between being two faced and not liking someone, yet respecting them.
I hate when parents share at you like youre a bad kid
All hope is lost
To breakfast, or not to breakfast....
i've always liked "i'll be" by edwin mccain but hearing the acoustic version makes me like it all over again! thank you pandora :)
Years ago, when I went to see a 10pm showing of Hellboy, there was a toddler sitting in front of me. I was horrified.
also pipecleaners? fun! walk around dollar store for something: toothpicks, flat marbles, crackers, tiny silk flowers
wats up bro
I know, right? Maybe that HER experience. Certainly not the majority's.
Bowling couldn't survive without the high five.
I found a baby armadillo by the side of the road, nurtured him back to health,now lives under my bed and his name is Felix
Know your audience: paper or electronic thank yous
You do great work! Games are fun to follow because of people like you.
thats too funny...
So you know hat would be perfect is if this rumor as true, that you follow your fans:)
Braun went 0-5 on opening day. Even so he is hitting .385 with a few doubles and a bomb.
Fake Friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Wow P&G. Commercials don't often make me want to cry, but that....that was close.
Good morning Ant!!! :) RT : there you go again smh
Closer to my dreams
Up early to finish my paper for class. It`s not due until 2:30, so I think I have enough time to get it done.
RT : HALFTIME: Vote for your favorite #mubb-era jersey, support scholarships and win an authentic, game-worn jersey:...
According to Google maps I will be under 2 hours away in Frankfurt.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
I saw a person who looked like Justin beiber and I seriously could not tell if it was a guy or a girl #truestory ! Lmao
Mental strength = not cutting ur workouts short! Your only cheating urself!
now can you define "soon" for me please!
Yesterday, post-evolution. I'll bring Clifton back when/if the Phils stop making me sad:(
No wonder I don't listen to the radio....smh lol
What's the breed?
How unreal? worth $? constant inner battle re: reissues “: Just received the my bloody valentine reissues and they sound unreal!!”
Anyway today this girl thought I had a sew in ....like my hair does not look fake , its just healthy smh
Ericka weak af to me... I don't like her
Had to chew out this gurl in my pe class, she felt the need to answer, when no one asked her hate
No more "Too Big To Fail" in our country.
about to head over to Carrie Secrist Gallery to set up for today's Lady Rollins performance. Starts at 2, goes till 4!
we go to the park for the P.E and my friend asked him his name! and I asked him for his numberxD
follow me austin mahone please
take pics! :D
LOVE your new single!! So awsome :)
Nf# , love her tweets :-)
Well, she did have a very pointy black beard and mustache...
"nothing to do" means you've already masturbated a few times obvs.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Eat an apple with your breakfast. It's just as effective as coffee, but better for you.
I had a blast too thanks for being such a good friend:)
Middle East is not calming down anytime soon. Syria. Libya. Yemen. Places where fighting is going on. Gas prices going up again?
Hocking co coroner confirms 4 shooting deaths here off rte 664. Here working to get more info for 11p
Donate your old towels to a local animal shelter,clear room in the house & give a furry friend a soft place to rest
blink-182 cancelled their Rochester show because their drummer had a tonsillectomy, and 's drummer plays here with a broken leg.
Writing policies for crime and terrorist watch program
I feel like im falling for the wrong people...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I am so bored...wish I was almost done with work...been here 10 hours at least I'm half way done
haha i know, i had to quick change for work right after rehearsal! i couldn't help it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The Govt must apologise to the Muslim community over Dambulla ...
Spread the word! The Frantic gets you LAID! RT : is the reason im in a relationship... probably :)
See, the opposite is true. It's Almost Summer!
Country music in the clinic today. Nice Change!
that person just makes me laugh. :D
For now On My Twitter Account Will Be Deleted!!!
Awesome .....let's just say it is in the works...www.RockTheGorge.org...maybe we could do a rafting festival all week what u think ...
I would be the one to misplace my homework
Since when is sliding into first base common practice?!
After some intense city driving I have made it and am seeing Words cannot express how fucking pumped I am
Love my family and all the amazing connections, I get to meet the best of the best.
This man acts like he was just a sperm donor, not a father and husband.
Facebook me @ Anthony Starks,Skype At Mr.Moss,DamnFoolz.com Comin Soon.(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Nothing Less Than A Suit And Tie)
It's my mom's birthday today ! i love you so much mom :)
I totally agree. And scary, too!
YEE again 1080 followers I love them
Every time I bite into a Cadburry Creme egg I'm hoping there is a real egg yolk in there one day.
new Frankie's TIKI MUG will be available at the bar Friday at 6pm
Big upset or another win by the best team $$ can buy? BSM over Edina...
Good morning AM Tweeps! Roads are wet, drizzle, Let's get this day started 5-7am ! We're up and at it !
looking for connections to BC Canada.
We just ran through the set we're going to do @ MOBfest. Grab your tix @ www.chicagomobfest.com. It's gonna be massive, folks. Can't wait!
The SNL commercial spoof of that is hilarious.
Also that it's time to break out the white jeans ;) Happy Easter, sweetie!
S/O to the ford's for having me for the whole weekend! Hahaha
My cat loves my sewing habit; I create so many wonderful things for the little bastard to shed all over.
San Fran warped tour. That's the one we r going to together, correct
I realised MD is such a boring state
Letting go of some People in my Life before I go to Jail
Now and then life generates a full spectrum review of where u r Learn from past. Change bad to good. Forgive those that judge and go with it
I said in another Tweet that you were inciteful. Sorry, I meant...insightful! (ever do that? arrrrggghh!) Anyway, THX so much!
hey,Dez tweet me, I am really bored
we are a sports starved town and we jump on success so quickly and we are a passionate fan base too
DesignerTimes Thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to get my first Mac laptop. I know I'm one of the last standing with a dell but the fight is over.
i screamed when i heard they had actually made a scream 4 like the kid in home alone.
Joel Stave looked solid today for Wisconsin. Took No.1 reps this afternoon.
Theres a guy next to me with an animal print scarf
Thank You! :)
I love it when someone tries to hold my baby she quickly turns and grabs on to me shaking her head for no:)
what part of the country u in now?
In the mood for a good #chess match.
The safest place is the whole wide world , is in the will of God!
Cook hopes to regain Vikings teammates&#39; trust
favorite city to visit?
A belated congratulations on your new position!
everyone on san Francisco to safe! was there a earth quake ?
they took those sticks out their ASS!!!!!
what does smjk stand for? did i miss something big?
haha yea..... ill get on thtt. Mines gonna be soo bad.
loves the buildup!
fuck my pussy and by the way can you make me squirt?
Finally home… Been @ scuu 4 the longest
Your expressions are reality TV gold!
Killed a spider at work. That means I can go home, right?
Do I really deserve that title? Haven't cooked much lately. Of course, it's food wife, not chef wife, right?
No excuses...no apologies song is stuck in my head for some reason....oh boy oh boy the irony
the more times I try on this dress, the more I hate it... but it ain't the dress's fault :-(
Scott Walker sponsored right to work for less legislation in 1993. If he wins, right to work is coming. He said so himself
many a great artist and writer found #HappyHour to solve most problems with other humans
I run in the Vibram Five Fingers sprint version..ran 2 half marathons and 1 full marathon in them...what are your favorite running shoes?
happy birthday<3 and happy new year
I know I love Parks and Rec. But shit is messed up when fictional TV govt officials are more upright than actual elected officials
"and I should have kissed you goodnight" <U+2764>
“: Happy Mothers Day!” #mytwitterpal pen pals don't exist any more it's all about "twitter pals" LOL ;)
aol news. Duh.
ON THE MOVE-LPL Financial lands $560 mln adviser team
damn i am just loosing followers lol thats funny
My phone died and I don't have my charger. My bad.
Well its just a sign of the times that I already thought they had access to in the first place.
RT : In school we watched The Interrupters and I thought it was going to be boring. My WHOLE perspective changed after seeing it
It's Virginia Archives Month! Special events are happening at many archives, & VSU archives is going to be at ASALH in Richmond on the 6th!
Wow, the stats for the Manchester City game are crazy. 44 shots, 15 on goal. 81% possession. Still down 1-2 at the end of 90.
I'm OK. Had a nice day with my parents yesterday. Saw The Avengers, which is great!
They're bringing the F-35! That my friends is bad ass.
Have a good night, Christi. Early
walked into in Eagle Rock and learned that they were sold out of the Beakers LP. That's something I never thought I'd see!
REGIS U THE BEST.. GIRL I NO THATS Y IM ON YO CHEST
When you're expecting the world to be kind and generous, that's usually when you get sodomized a la 'Deliverance'
Thanks so much! Excited to get there! Still a few weeks left before we arrive. :)
2011: 4 game sweep #Packers over #bears www.arethepackersundefeated.com
RehabCare Announces Definitive Agreement to Merge with Triumph Healthcare.
I am in the Convention Center
RT : Happy Revenge of the Fifth! day 2!
We are indeed. Head up Pan American east from Montgomery and we are before Jefferson.
"I have discovered a thousand ways not to make a lightbulb." - Thomas Edison
yeah it's pretty sweet we even have team jerseys no big deal...
By learning to be unafraid of conflict, we keep in better touch with the realities of life, creation and business
Anyone going to The Yellow Rose Fiber Producers show next weekend??
Dont be sorry for me just be there for me .
Very interesting, look forward to digging into your work re the NGS
is the #hyperlib website down for anyone else?
tonight has been very special
Take a shot for me.
'Cause the good die young.
Tuesdays can be so dull sometimes. In order to spice it up a bit & start a lil' conversation, what's your fav dish from ?
Aware of both of them...partially b/c of them I'd like to see more that argues tightly from the Aristotle's texts.
This sounds good. What's up?
I'll win.
Another reason I'm moving there post-grad RT Find hillsides lined with aspens shimmering in gold and red hues here: bit.ly/oncvV7
Hey i'll have a very merry christmas if you would so kindly follow me :)
(FWIW, it was a pretty huge influence on my book, The End Games. Haven't seen the movie yet, though.)
Guess I'm not cynical enough. You've ruined all my illusions about myself.
