Fudruckers for late mothers day dinnaaaa
Children of the Corn is one weird ass movie
tom & jerry was the shit bak n da day!
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
that is the worst ...
serious: I'm thinking of doing this for workshops next school year. Can we find a common platform...
lol lol that makes me laugh every time
“: Why do they call it the wonder bra? When you take it off you wonder where her tits went”
Greatest horse name ever: "God Knows Who." Why? Santa Anita announcer: "And they're off, and God Knows Who is in front."
good stuff? glad to have you in!
Some dude named Valdespin just made his 1st #MLB hit a 3 run go ahead homer in the 9th off of Papelbon.
thank's for follow me ;)
hoping to look in the mini fridge and find something to drink so i don't have to go downstairs..
got excited b/c i logged into and thought i was witnessing a private performance...prerecorded. damnit.
Hiking Gear Review Camelbak Alpine Explorer Backpack- hiking backpack
Happy Thursday Encore Friends! Have you made plans for this weekend?
Wow! on certainly doesn't mince words. I'm glad that Susan Jacoby is bringing historical context to the debate.
The class I hardly attended and never studied for the tests and I end with an "A" as my final grade
being a huuge fan of #PLL finding out who A is disappointing
> what i know is that I am uber busy with Instruction and face2face Reference.
Give my love to all, Ray.
Congrats on the new record release. So happy and proud of you guys. Love your tunes so much <3.
WTF IS GOIN ON RIGHT NOW IN GREENSBORO,NC ... THIS SHIT.CAME OUTTA NO WHERE...
Great! Thanks, we are now following the real UNM HSC!
I wish I had a
We are about to put up our new music video for "We Were the Kids". Hope you guys are excited!!
dm Can I speak with the Whitehouse about a significant public/private sector plan to improve education at no/low cost to America
Admit it, when you get sad about a break up you listen to I Miss You. Don't lie.
Good character chemistry in SAFETY NOT GUARANTEED, with some really funny lines, but overall a lackluster romantic screwball comedy.
Graduation is only a concept. In real life every day you graduate. Graduation is a process that goes on until the last day of your life.
We are really in Love with eachother! <U+30B7>
Happy Birthday dude! From the USA! :) Have a great one dude! :)
My grandpa is drinking old style light. think I'm going to have to join him
Definitely rockin the GREEN AND WHITE TODAY
Awesome quotes! Keep up the great work!
who doesnt is the question?!
Our first service project is also THIS WEEKEND!!
Twitter Censorship Move Sparks Backlash: Is It Justified?
idk, got nothing planned
The iMac blew the Mac Pro (2,1) out of the water. Pretty amazing. They really need to beef up the Pro line...
I don't think we need a face/ambassador/spokesperson, I think we need organization. Refresh does great for their own events...
Hey Bentley! Don't prove urself to anyone. Stick with the people that will support u, not cut u down. :)
Things will always get difficult sometimes, just know you got to enjoy the ride and everything will fall into place.
#cautious, #optimistic, #beenfeelinggood. Ha classic statement by
hey could of been worse she could have caught a #elbow ... Lol
Think $20 is too much for a bottle of shampoo? You don't need to use a lot of the good stuff.
Watching the Oscars at a loud sports bar is a special kind of hell.
Love what you are doing! Happy Mother's Day!XO
thanks for your service! How you'll be back this fall.
Hi Richard, check out Destinationstravelmagazine.com for a great climbing article about Everest/Lhotse. Pass it around.
Although I find her tweets about her ex BFF effing hilarious, I find the non response and pure disregard from the ex BFF even MORE HILARIOUS
Nope. Advertising.
It's like they want him to fail and fuel the "anti-tiger" fire.
that's good, where do you work now?
you were expecting anything less?
Anne speaks the truth RT : dumb ass decisions make the world go round. #keepmakingthem!
Headed to Seattle for a week in June, what should I do there?
Testing installer customizations - on a slow machine.
Thanks ! Excited to share some of your awesome Croatian and Hungarian wines with my customers this month!
When your grade is a full letter grade higher than expected. SCORE!
I was part of a record crowd for a UK Hoops game. 14508. Apart of history!
About What.? RT : I had wanted to tlk to yu
Looking forward to a great 2012 w/ my fellow flacks
Eating japanese food made me happy today.
if you only knew how much I had a crush on
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would be pregnant with his babies on day 2 with the relationship (;
very interesting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#Appletv - Play with #Hulu instead to get me as a customer
Super excited about the house I just looked at in FS. Can't wait to move back, #Indy!
but i lay there in the dark and dont talk to anyone and thats not what youre doing
no matter how long you wish that things will always be happy and gay all the time life throws you for a loop. but that's life and living.
Do you think Ariana would look cuter with Niall, Zayn, Carlos, or Logan? :3
:'( aw I jst lost a follower
…<U+2727> Mac Miller Go hard <U+2727>…
Lively night in the neighborhood. Domestic brought out half of TU's security force and TPD.
Talked to my godson on the phone and it made my day
don't open the direct message. our account was hacked into. we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
Oh Yea This is the Final 2 days to Get your Christmas Presents Out for Christmas, and the Order keep coming in!
what happened?
Business Opportunity: See p. B-5 of the #WSJ for our #BoBNow Ad!
It's not letting me sign in at all. I get the "service is not available" bullcrap.
Thanks, , for highlighting on Unsung Baltimore!
Congratulations on your Huffington Post piece. I really enjoyed reading it.
So stoked I'm booking another recurring role on the Nick Show Kroll this week! I love the whole cast and crew there! Yippee!
I will say it again to all of you...WELCOME TO HEAVEN MY FRIENDS!
Love is a sweet tyranny, because the lover endureth his torments willingly.
Go #49ers! You had a little nervous for a minute there!
Thank you to for so graciously showing us around Gibson Guitar Town Orlando. We had a blast!
Touche' Cakes! We create custom diaper cakes any size, any size diaper or pull up and theme /ToucheCakes
Hello world!
Off to Chicago for ICLS. I'm still sort of on Europe time, and even I'm getting worn out from this latest travel stretch.
Wow. thanks for the mention.. :) You too.
Lol at "angry bird brows"
Gig in Whitehouse tonight. All you can eat tacos..
Thanks - we'll look into it.
is there a set time for it?
Check out out
I thought the sky was space. Everything over our heads is space.
Happy 236th Birthday to the United States Marines! We are proud and honored for all that you do!
All I see is lyrics on my timeline.
Remember when you got 3,000 but now 80,000, that's a lot. We're growing. Proud to be one.
Hey Mick , great stuff w/Tony Clark interview.
IKR THAT'S HOW RELATIONSHIPS END WHEN YOU PUT EVERYBODY IN YOUR BUSINESS
Candljack was h
Note To Self: While at gym, do not suggest to newcomers that they may change the channel...especially if mid-50s. Stuck watching Fox News.
I wonder if we have school tomorrow the snow days seem a lot like x mas break but without swim practice
no problem :) yes, but you're still more amazing.
A new foot scrubby name coming" soon" in my new website Called .. "I Toe ya So! Can ya guess what scent it is?????
My great nieces motivate me to keep going... their smiles are so innocent & genuine.
Y.O.C.O You Only Cute Online
McNabb felt disrespected way benched.....GIVE ME A BREAK.....gotta win games to stay on the field lad !!!!
& my 2 fav singers of all time remaking the song that impacted my life OMG... I think my heart stopped
it's been some time since u had any new music out so I was JW will u have a new CD out anytime soon?? I LUV ALL UR MUSIC!!!!!
my sister made up a song about food.wow...need more coffee.
SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT: Mark Sultan (BBQ of King Khan & BBQ Show) at Blue Note Lounge Tuesday, May 29th! Details coming soon!
“: #HowToKeepAGirlHappy give her your clothes so she can sleep in them.” AMEN. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
We will be able to cross the river! THANKS RT : Can you cross the river? Tysons has a serious lack of good convenient food
But I'm very happy that you do exist, !
Rocking day interviewing the Editor of Eff Magazine! So excited! Check back for a video blog!
i'm a bit slow when replying emails... sorry
"Think I gotta crush"
@ lol You totally did in fact. But I want you to know I did read the article. :)
RT Still cautiously optimistic about the cap holding on the spilling oil. Fingers crossed everybody
#catiie conference is a huge success. Thank you for those who attended my challenge based learning presentation.
bitch call me!
This organic yogurt and rice bar is basically a "healthyfied" rice krispies treat. Baby best enjoy it now. It's the last one he's getting.
So.. Your gfriends have boyfriends all of a sudden and forget about everyone else? This blows.
woah woah woah. groceries is too far! I love groceries.
thanks babe :)
There are not 8000 ppl giving $25. Ward races cost $200k. Disadvantage goes to CM or candidates who represent the poor! Its a trick!
cant stop thanking about her <3
follow me, i follow back ! (:
"You don't always get what you want" is a good effing song.
I have the best friends ever.
What do you call distrust for talking heads of #Psychology? In principle you quacks murder men, women,children with your poison.
lol..ok..I'm just here..
Communications director for county executive Chris Abele. Needed a change and it's a great job.
i never really had luck
this is the best sabres game ive seen in awhile
love you too sis!! Make sure you come he tmrw so we can go out to eat.. gettin tired of these microwaveable dinners lol
Good point, I'm sure they can make up some rules, add variances, and even compete in 2 or 3 man teams. Again, great shares!
quit and restart your browser :)
Stephen Colbert for President of the United States of South Carolina!
Happy 16th B'day to my daughter Abrielle today!!
This is why I can't go to sleep before midnight. I end up waking up at 4am and can't go back to bed.
Spike Ball!!!!
I tried to get him to be more specific but couldn't get any more than I did.
Hi, Les! Are you in London?
I'm a 90's baby that doesn't have a baby! Perks to sparking no one's interest until 20 teenage pregnancy avoided! haha
Excited to hear about the history of Jewish printing - thanks to Columbia's Book History Colloquium.
He does look like a Bee gee! Lmao..Spicy too/
"Because I've always been this way" is the worst reason to keep doing something. Have the courage to evolve.
My wife has our boys in their Manningham jersey's today *sigh*
That tends to happen a lot :) RT : I think he's still reeling from post #sobcon euphoria.
Pamper yourself
Who's going to slice night tonight?
fly fight and win cuz
Too much birthday fun this weekend, can't stay awake for the #Brewers game on tv - time to listen to Ueck while I fall asleep.
If May showers bring flowers, what does July rain bring?
RT : i really hate it when people beg .
When you cry off your own fiction while proofreading like something went down for real, you are on the right track. Keep going.
im sry, ill be nice. :)
six straight 3 & outs. gosh, I wonder why the crowd's booing.
C'ing EVIL N WHAT APPEARS ON SCREEN UNDER MY NAME =A TRANSLATION OF REALIZING WHAT PRE-EXISTED N YOUR MIND B4 READING; DON'T BLAME da MIRROR
Good morning beautiful hope all is well with you your new friend ?
lol your invited!
RT : Okay :) RT : I am about to tweet of picture of Keri Hilson hair.
OMG i forgot about this pic haha yea it is about to get real
At another wedding. Its so lovely. Then to Salvi's for dinner!!
: it's "the SteanWater"
RT : FRESH Healthy Eatery & Juice Bar is NOW OPEN! Offering vegan, gluten-free, and dairy-free options.
The ol nap in the car at lunch...I feel much better.
Still waiting to see if is uploading today. In the mean time, I'll be playing Glow Doodle Fall. <3
follow and please :D x53
Gary Life.
WOW just experienced the loveliest free yoga class led by Tyrone Beverly tonight at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science!
Today's events to prep for #dctrip09 : Interview & pix w/ Wichita (KS) Eagle (www.kansas.com). Clean van. Start loading.
how u doin boo!
I'm the President! (And Don't You Forget It!)
2 hours on hold ...has United gone dark? ;-)
Twitter is my morning newspaper!
Is it normal that I'm still recovering from sensation?
ing does not even begin to cover it. Thanks for the tip!
woohoo I'm following you!
it does make dc more hipster.
Something wrong with your car? Let us help on your auto maintenance through the internet.
Spend as much time as you can with family. More precious than gold.
thanks for your help today!
History Channel owns the rest of my summer
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. Raymond Lindquist
#Loex2012 I like how interactive the presenters are #PollEverywhere #cellphones I am surprised they allow texting in class
Everyone go wish 's sister, , Congrats on her engagement to !! I'm so happy for you guys!! <3
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow tickle fight ;-)
Your a stripper..I'm a stripper/Gorgeous queen..& Aubrey's the same but she's the head queen
thank you so much! and please do :)
-great scent and you also are without harmful chemicals on your body and scalp !
ermmm the link does not work
not seein me with the bars
fun day with cassy ! now i gotta go to a grad party :)
On tinychat with and and a bunch of others so funny... So much fun :) love you guys!
Just finished a pretty long test>.< I feel accomplished (:
what is this "if Erin ever goes on vacation again" business? do u know something I don't?
Time to say my prayers... Buenas noches.
she's making a second coffee to asuage the rage, but I am not sure caffine will help.
what movie you see ?
UGH! So pissed!!!
Shan better tell me what we gone do before I get in my mood
Attending AIA Chicago's Small Projects Awards reception at Architectural Artifacts.
There is absolutely no reason for you not to be happy.....
ha, i rather not say on the "interrwebs." but yeaah. c: haha.
some people don't know love..fear and anguish is their ruler...lost minds
what is this world coming to when a beautiful girl like you is never complimented ;)
Stop chasing the wrong things. Give the right things a chance to catch up with you.
Performance Auditions arent about acting. They are about connecting.
it's like my seventh or eighth time changing it.seriously i'm running out of password ideas.
Live acoustic video of our song "Make it Right" coming soon...
always forget how short looks on TV... ;)
Confirmed it again. I hate smartphone screen protectors. Fortunately, these were cheap.
ovechkin goes head hunting, no suspension.
Do you guys own the 16mm prints of the Brakhage films?
You're welcome!
text the word NYACTION to 30644 and add your name to the electronic petition calling on New York State to make cancer a top priority
That's about as romantic as Britney Spears in a gas station bathroom with bare feet. Lol
he can't even get the videos right and he's making major decisions for the NHL it's the shaw video
love jamming, great mood Happy Valentine's Day to all Muah!
kidding Karaoke night!!
": The #Lakers Gone Beat #Okc... So Get Ready To Go Home #Thunder Fans".....bo!!!! Durant gone take that win!
Glad you like it! 80% of my clients have been web related this year- I'll be free in a couple of months- DM me if you like :)
Hanging out at Hard Rock casino.
All of our Seiko watches are 50% off! It would be a great #ValentinesDay gift for him or her!
Loving and his awesome high school mascot
shut up nigga I'm getting my body back right lol
You say YOLO and are serious about it to me, you're getting punched in the face.
If you forget the way to go, and lose where you came from, if no one is standing beside you, be still and know I am.
It's #NationalFrenchToastDay Missed it for breakfast, but maybe for dinner?
1st saw him as Sunnydale mayor, but feel lucky to have seen Harry Groener onstage in Chicago twice in the past year.
“: $1.3 trillion: The amount of our debt held by China. #MONEYnumber” Scary number!
That's nice of you! I've left mine at the gym twice this week but I've been lucky and remember it 5 min. later. - Bryan
Came to the Warp/Brainfeeder showcase for some sternum rattlin'; Starkey is obliging.
Once saw a movie with only 2 other people in the place.
I hate being sick. Feel better
Ladies poll: how many of you have spare underwear hidden in random compartments of your car? This can't just be me.
We're headed over to the Y on 33rd Street for the Walk for Maryland's Children! Registration begins at 8. Beat the rain with Family Fun!
Apparently I'm channeling my inner Vulcan today with my hair & makeup. I like it. Go
This is my club paradise.
Just tried the awesome juice from here!!! Loved the cashew mylk and the greens :-)
Mention me
"That nasty sex talk , rough sex , body's sweating , lip biting , neck sucking & nails deep in my back type of sex >>>” !!!
Lightly used luxury: Pre-owned handbags are hot sellers
Congrats to my good buddy ol pal for 1 month without chew
better send me that workout regiment, I was dead ass
Even though it's 9:45 am sushi sounds really good right now
was hoping to be there by now. Turns out it wasn't in the cards.
With about to watch
Oh, darling. Please believe me, I'll never do you no harm.
Sometimes, the more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
That little check mark by your Twitter name means 'Verified Asshole', yeah?
yes yes I do! listening to it right now!
follow me and share me and i'll do the same :D
Finally seen after a billion years of her hiding from me, & twitterless Britt! >.<
Sadly, you've been supplied with lots of content lately re: NOLA crime.
Looking forward to discussing the evidence for your claims..=)
Same!!! I can't wait till next year!!
Sully's got the Kobe face going early in the game!
We have two minutes left... Are you really starting a new song?
do it
Suddenly less intelligent.
I saw we're trading 21. Hm
I so wouldn't mind checking out the movie #DarkShadows this wknd #JohnnyDepp Even Evey says she wants 2 see it but I think its 2 much 4 her.
hi x
You can't see the world through a mirror.
What if other museums got rid of labels like ? Intrigued by how visitor experiences would change...
I really wanted that job too. I thought I could handle it too. But I guess it wasnt meant to be. OH well. Need some whisky. with
#NBA is celebrating MLK Day with games all day and all the players are wearing special black and gold sneakers. lets get a win!
My dad finishing work now! Better pretend I'm studying lol! #imAGoodStudent! (;
Thanks Mark!
#THATCamp_SE was cool last year. Looks like the next one isn't very far away. May have to check it out again.
It is raining, the #Brewer game is not televised, and the #Packers released Nick Collins
First time I have ever heard of a flight delayed because they had to borrow more seatbelt extenders from another airline. God bless America.
I am so excited about our new band, All The Little Pieces! Lots of talented musicians!
Just when u thought it was safe in a common place...
Hey lit mags: have you registered for your table at the Houston indie book fest yet?
It's snowing back home and it's freezing in Miami. There's no getting away. <U+26C4>
It's raining, it's pouring, my old, fat, weird, chihuahua dog is snoring....louder then usual :P
playing Super Mario Bros! BEST GAME EVER ;)
does it make you dizzy? Or is real life 3d enough for u?
good luck! Have fun!
lmao I could imagine. did you show her the pictures or the video haha
#ClassicJokeMonday Why don't animals believe the King of the Jungle? Because he's Lion.
Wine: Get shitfaced with class (:
Yes, mine RT Are too many California kids labeled English language learners? kpbs.org/news/2012/jan/… via
whores! Although my cat's affection can be bought for the shake of a treat bag. You don't even need the treat.
tough one. so far i'm not extremely bullish on either. but not sure
So about Coachella housing for next weekend....
Congrats on the new job. This former interned learned a lot from you. Have fun working with Boyd Huppert.
hot chick
Early evening #FF to for being a sexy bitch and a great writer! cheers brother!
#trayvonmartin ": ABC News: Trayvon Martin case goes before a grand jury on April 10th."
Pizza is a fine Friday meal! Good day! Seeing a friend I haven't seen in almost a year!
Last Physics LAB EVER!!!! Then lets drink.
Thanks to all our SECO attendees and exhibitors for a great SECO 2011!
oh ok lol
I love ur dancing
Mo bynum shit. He's still a kid, no maturity.": Bynum is laughing about something. What could he possibly find funny at the moment?"
o cool. I'm kinda bored
I personally think it's a bit ridiculous that I have an essay due on the last day of school tomorrow.
I miss you! Come back to Cali :) Let's go swimming with the dolphins.
New #LuxeReports coming soon ..
So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
Whatsoever you sew, you will reap! !
I wish :( No b/c I need cakes stocked for cust but also need coolers for baking/cool down. Hoping to fix one tonight but $$$!
Be amenable to the here and now so you can see the splendor that surrounds you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Advance Wealth 's MD holding a webinar this April Leading independent financial advisors, Advance Wealth are holding a web-based seminar
#IWishYouKnew what I'm really thinking
hello :) hello :) hello amazing one :)
I was just sorting through my pins on Pinterest. I had accumluated over 1,000 and only used maybe a fraction of them!
Totally kicked butt on Oregon Trail this weekend. Eat it, 8-year-old me!
I'm back, and boy am I tired. ttypt... (talk to you people tomorrow.)
Your mind is a powerful thing, do what you choose to
Your follow is appreciated Saman. WE followed back.
ndsksjhsbw. Your perfect.
Lol is shit bored in science.
No but you are allowed to rage outside
LUCKY. I have $80 I'm trying to spend! ): No ride to mall ~~
lol old school Chevy Chase, interesting choice,
10 years later and we still live in FEAR?! Did we forget what we were fighting for!?
jus tweet me actuate of u (:
Thank you!!! I hope you enjoy what I find inspirational! :-) What is your pin-link?
Fighting NAGA Saturday yeah!!!!
Got a video of Collin's goal. Will post it later, and met him after the game.
Truth is: I feel so Old xD , I'm not so young like I was before -.-' 16!!!!!
Remember our God is an awesome God! Miracles still exists!
October 1 wis vs neb. Be there. Night game.
why u mad at me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Damm just busted a new tire. Back to the tire shop. And a long wait.
Today was the best birthday ever :)
yea they said that it was just announced that hunter will be there. we have to go. tickets starts at 20 bucks
endless possibilities
Rather give it to Keuchel for now and let Clemens get a few more starts.
TENNESSEE RESIDEMTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a FREE Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Now!.....
So excited to see M83 tonight!
Performing with the Voci Angelica Trio this Friday. For more info visit www.vociangelicatrio.com
we know baby
Sitting At The Hospital Crying Lol, Im In Pain Cuz -_-
raina shut up no one would take me seriously aha
At work drinking my coffee and loving life.
No I don't wanna go to bed mad at you & I don't want you to go to bed mad at me.
Whos a better match up for the spurs in your eyes. RT : Clippers are clipping
Happy Friday everyone.
#OOMF needs to wake the fxck up!
Oh and Kelly Price.
did Deanna still go to prom?
Watching #MSU...they would be a serious match-up for #Mizzou in the tourney. Run, play similar game w/ bigger bigs & more depth.
Someone just yelled Go Kings! Ruining my day bro. Already nervous enough.
Meeting tomorrow 7:00-9:00pm in Middleton Library! Come chill with your friendly neighborhood radicals :)
When someone hurts you, You learn to be stronger, when someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent..
Baby Tylenol Dude. And Baby orajel.
your the girl Derrick likes
Love Clifford. But, if it ain't broke... RT : Clifford is available if needed.
Some ppl only talk bad about others to take attention off them
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee?? :-)
Please make one. Please also wait a couple of days. :)
Why hasn't there ever been a buddy cop movie with Mel Kiper Jr and Barry Melrose?
I'm nation wide when it come to these hoes
I'll have you know our first interviewee for New Roommate asked us how we felt about dumpster diving apartment dinners.
that sounds incredibly convenient for the prostitution industry.
try the Banana Pudding milkshake! It's delicious! #YummyInMyTummy =)
Considering going for a walk today too nice out <U+2600>
Hey, wanna skype with me?
Imagine if clay was healthy all year...
your nails look fabulous! sexy sexy, I'M imagining them scratching my back
Poor Julia Halperin just had to read an angry letter about a famous artist to said famous artist
Man, I double-greeted my neighbor on accident: "Hello. Hi."
Unless you are fighting a dragon wizard on the edge of a volcano in Mordor, I think Yes is almost always too epic for your activities.
Aw, feel better, Damian.
No violence, please!
I'd love to feature projects like the in car app design collaboration at Rouge Factory Tour. Public/kids could be fascinated. Connect?
I love you baby. I'm ALWAYS here.
“: Ima freak, I love the beat, just don't get none in my sheets” oh skeet skeet
I'm really stranded in cheltenham !
yep!!! At c2e2 in chicago in march
Enjoy tonights band #Dawn Weber & Electric Funk! Along with our Bacon Cheddar Cheese Burger! See you Tonight!!!
I hate that little triangle on the windshield of your car when it rains that you windshield wipers can't get
: Re: SCOTUS denies ASCAP: Who was ASCAP trying to get to fund these supposed royalties?
will you find a girl to play sunday. we have a double header and i wont be here :( Ill be just leaving NJ/NY
Mom just bought plane tickets for Washington.
So hype today is Friday!!! Just got out of practice bro's b-day party in a few:)
Wow! Walker, thanks for the great coaching, you ROCK! Get it? You rock, as in Rock Musical! :):)
Damm I got court today. "I don't wanna go to court"
Well Lubbock. Your clouds are brown. Congrats.
It sounds like "Fearless Leader" aka Scotty Walker will be talking to proscecutors about what he "didn't" know about. Beginning of the end
Without you, perhaps!
I was waiting for you to wish me a Happy Birthday;(
No one should take themselves that seriously.
Oh what a beautiful morning oh what a beautiful day. In the beautiful town of Hingham Mass today. I will take and post a pic later.
i come straight from the east where niggas split ya cantalope
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY. Hope everyone is eating as much as we are tonight.
Just got my new wireless keyboard for the iPad. Waiting for my stylus. I shall then join the paperless society. Partially at least...
Thanks.. u didnt see the other pictures?
Wow. Could this day get worse?
Business is a very simple concept. You have to pay your bills. If you have anything left over, you get to smile...-- MARK CUBAN
Based on my Facebook stream, President Obama is universally beloved right now.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
i'm sure it'll turn out really well
sounds delicious, let's do it!
I'm performing live @ the Best Buy store in Union Sq Fri Aug 5th @ 4pm! "et ya bosses know on Mon that u leavin work early Fri afternoon!
ok how long do you guys want the videos? 5 mins or 15mins? you guys really liked the last un-edited video. keep doing that?
Thnx for all the support for the cell phone drive
#HarryTruman (b. May 8, 1884; 33rd prexy of the United States, 1884-1972) | - "If you can't convince them, confuse them."
hahahahahaha - will be hard because I do enjoy a good pair of shoes
Things aren't looking too well for the HEAT :l
m last night i had oberwise cookies & cream ice cream(;
wow. Strong woman it seems. Sounds like she made quite an impact on your life.
what was up with the servers last night? matchmaking took way too long.
figured I'd let you know I woke up like a half hour ago.
World Population hit 7 billion today.
140 conferences in NYC are even more amazing. Next one is in June.
Experienced and affordable family law attorneys. Call now for a free consultation~619.338.9500
Doing a grad school project on a Carnegie library building. Carnegie libraries are definitely on the endangered list. Adaptive reuse needed!
I should prb listen to call the game on
Welcome! RT : At my favorite Tea House in #Baltimore for the happy hour, pre happy hour.
I enjoy my "Artist's Coffee Break" group. Artists getting together to sip tea and coffee and chat. So much fun!
The jazz four headed monster in the paint out dueling the one trick ponies on the clippers.
Agree...have you used iMovie? Seeing cool ESL video done with iMovie now...
Any Marylanders give birth recently at home? We're looking to talk to people for an article. Contact at
All #ReggaeINDUSTRY man & woman Nuff RASpect every time! Seen? It's all about keeping the fire burning...Protectors of the Flame! ~Selah!
I might have to start eating at Chipotle more after hearing that.
MAHOMIES GO HARD! :D
the goal is to not make him fall asleep while sexting -__________-
Just heard advertising for #constantcontact on #kywnewsradio great ad
people really need to keep their hands to themselves how u come into someones house n steal ..smh
When we say Wow (what's on where) we mean it!!!
ok, i love my man. despite throwing a hissy fit and being a bitch. i love you, john. i am sorry.
RT : JOB FAIR TODAY AT POTAWATOMI until 4pm. Over 45 employers. Free admission/parking. Take your resume. SPREAD THE WORD
gotta show some respect for the
whenever Quiznos and smoothie king do a trade off I get the rewards as well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i fuks wit da Trayvon Martin case but r.i.p. D.FARROW
Thanks for all of your RTs. Glad to see you liked my tweets on #productivity, #GTD &
RT : What's the best place to get a brownie at? .... A good one »»Ur kitchen, use the "special" butter! ;)
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives
Agreed, and thanks!
This is not good...
Let's Make this the Knicks last quarter of their season boys ! #whitehotheat ! #letsgoheat !
I think we went from summer to winter 'round these parts. :/ I love the fall, but it has been so cold!
I'm not sure but I think I might be Imy first tweed witcha gf! #excited?
ha! Love it.
Spring Flowers are in! Tell your loved ones, "Happy Spring" when beautiful arrangement of Tulips!
Starting at 8:30am, DCC Theater: Master Series with The People's Library librarians Betsy Fagin, Mandy Henk, and Zachary Loeb.
if people want instant effective action they should start gardens and be in community with each other.
this is my last tweet for tonight!
Some Lowe's hotel employee is a huge fan of Buble. Only a true fan has the Totally Blonde soundtrack to play in the building!
You are here to do something you are uniquely created for. No one else can do it like you can, that's why you're here.
Hey ,,u ready 2 serve 800 fine folks today.WE ARE! Let's show them nashville's finest food trucks.God Bless all!!!!
Okay... If you need me, let me know!
I get up at 6 every morning. This is the time success rises!
An entire generation is never going to buy a home because they already have a mortgage on a college diploma that didn't get them a job.
Glad to hear that! Emma & Erik are really good friends of ours :)
You too! I knew you were more than just an eye! :)
Watching Sonicgate. Just fucking disgusted. Fucking disgusted. My Oilers scars feel fresh.
block 7. i think they added bacon grease and pureed bacon to the aioli.
When are you guys coming to New York?
Chandler is HOT! He'd better cool down before he gets that 2nd tech.
hmm ; im sure we will figure it out.
A 91-year-old man dies in a house fire. Neighbors say he was known as the 'neighborhood grandpa'. The story at 11p.
Agreed! Christie does not seem to want the rumors to end; his passive/aggressive tone is getting very old.
We're having issues with most of Scorecenter. It's either really slow or impossible to access. Is that related?
Do you have any shows coming up in Vegas??
okay deal(:
Going fishing in the morning! hope I can catch a lot
“ How you expect me to respect you when you acting like a hoe!”
oh I pray for it !
Who beefing?? We Business men!!
I had lunch at today. Margarita Paradise for cinco de mayo. Yum!
So I am so tired, I'm about to pass out for the next 30 minutes.
I had so much fun with & 's mamas last night! :)
Interviewing Natuzzi and Julian Chichester tomorrow for our HomeBuildLife Video Report from High Point!
6:00PM CALL F YOU WANNA GET PAID TO DRINK COFFEE AND TEA 218 548 0886 Code: 417091# Inbox me after the call for feedback.
IT depts spend the inverse. Mac does not (repeat: NOT) scale to enterprise architecture.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone...Eat up!!!
Be grateful that you dont have everything you want in life. You still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than you are today.
Come on #packers i love you!
Running Rebels is looking for #volunteers to help #tutor during winter break! Please email for more info!
Great weather 2day!! Lots of produce, cider Stop by Tiny Greens 4 some WG!!!
Why can't I quit you, second space after the end of a sentence?
Waking up a 5 am again tomorrow so what do I only get like 4 hours of sleep a day 8 more weeks of this
I've heard that 78 or 80 Republican members of the House consider The Notebook to be their favorite movie.
Kindness will warm your heart!
There is nothing I enjoy more than the silent treatment after a homerun.
Omg ah
Shawn Green
Cool. Tell all of your friends as well. Haha
haha yeahh! This whole week is fangirl-over-B1A4 week. I did Baro yesterday. Might have to do Sandeul again haha ^^"
thank you!!! Haha
Bushwick. Wilson stop off the L.
I want to see some zines, zinester!
Kimmmy Kim Kim is that bitch & I love her so much, she's the best sista ever, she's so beautiful. I wanna be her when I grow up :)
Also he made 40+ movies before he died at age 37. The man did not sleep and died from an overdose of sleeping pills and coke
you really are a city girl now!
Il est fait! Visiting Columbus June 29-July 1!! cc & anyone else who will be around! @
iPOPS $150k GTD in 46 mins...sweat me if you can! Tigh or LAG...not sure how to take the big tournies down? Anyone?
I rather work being bored gets me depressed
And I don't know what I'm diving into Just hanging by a moment here with You.
What to do today.
don't you have a game this afternoon?
Zero respect
over here too..when it should be snowing! #cuddlebuddy ?(;
I haven't read your book, but it's about time someone helps parents understand the terrorists we call ex-spouses.
Cayenne gargle not working for you?
Thoughts and prayers w #earthquake victims of New Guinea.
Goodnight my fellow #tweeters <3
Oh, lol, I'm slow. Well, lol, im back from a long ass walk, lol, it's like 90 degrees out
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 29
for sure
it's so warm here like 65,(:
Learning about consumer behavioralism with Catherine Roe!!
I know my sister will think it's crazy but I want to cook for my family for Mother's Day. It will make it seem like last year with GraGra.
how old r u?
Just finished writing a spreadsheet to guide us through a song tomorrow night. Yes, a *spreadsheet*. Let me have it.
shits getting real.
Great seats!
is working on our new website.
I am a #nyrangers fan!!!
That scene made me cry and I have no idea why???? I heart your familia!!!
Thank you!!
What's your favorite color? :)
so I hear! just tweeted an AMAZING pic of the sun in SD!
So my friends ex randomly slapped my ass in the club and tried to act like it wasn't him and now he's trynna Holla at me ... Smdh !
but you can't get mad for ppl calling what you say you are
Haha! RT : Band: "I want more reverb." Guy at bar: "I want more talent." Youch. They can't all be amazing.
Thank you--it's an honor to be included in such a great anthology! :)
Trust me, I am. Though that Avengers trailers was neat.
I just don't really get annoyed. If I get annoyed then it's pretty bad.
That just blew me
very disappointed that handsome coffee doesn't have internet. it was going to be my new work spot. yo talk to your dood!
guess you missed 60 minutes last week
It should be up in a few days :)
I haven't had mine, but what did Starbucks do?
Wedding Bells are ringing! First wedding shoot of the year starts tomorrow! <3
Hey everybody! Great positions are just around the corner. I will be posting soon!
#prayforeveryone in Japan, Hawaii, and California.
I'M FREAKING OUT!! AH I AM SO PUMPED!!
awe man, I can't make it this weekend. I got the little guy all weekend.
Juniors, are you ready for the ACT this Saturday?!
you all lied saw 3 is not on tonight....
When people lauugh and ask me what I see in you.. I laugh and tell them everything you dont.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Caitlin says i never tweet:(
always enjoy looking at photography and had fun at his open studio tonight
Thank you for mentioning us, Ms Tiffany. <3
I love bein a Leo....ppl say we love bein da "Center of Attention"...but it's just that...we like to feel recognized =/
Spring Breakers !
just changed my plan about 30 minutes ago without any problems...downgraded to streaming only
Following the American Antiquarian Society for #AAS3rdCentury conference: Research Libraries in the Digital Age
haha isn't that true! That's why I'm looking for more locals that actually have a sense of humor. ^jl
Don't go demanding Pizza on MY birthday...However, You shoulda come by... We did have pizza. MM
that's how I was when I skyped Sam! Idk if u know Sam tho haha..
T1: If health IT vendors take MD's feedback to heart, then they probably contribute to most applications in use.
Blackburn should be the next to go
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+2728>
3 more weeks for me
Love it!
Super hot guy in line at the pharmacy...eavesdropping to figure out if he's single/diseased.
Just meet joe mauer and Danny Valencia!!!!!! Life has been made and Joe mauler touched my hand!!!!!! Ah!!!!!!!!!!
Haha wow. Mine just keep saying that someones talking bad about me. Under my messages it even showed that i sent that to ppl
I did mean modern, will look into product, thanks
Could not agree more!
Hello Jared, great to meet you here on twitter. Great to be handling a former member of Earth Wind and Fire.
Make sure you check out the men of OUTinCHI on twitter:
My head hurts so bad.
Hey, when did the Google+ app get cool? I don't even remember updating it.
"when life gives you lemons, paint that shit gold"
": Crucial win for the Sixers in Boston...way to steal one! #showyaluv" ET clutch in the last 90 seconds.
Queen Caveat, love the band and love the sound. Ever need anything give us a call.
Great day for a lunchtime walk. Get outside!
This is takin all day
...so I can change the color to purple haha lbsds
lmfaoo haha i cant even fight with u bruh u won..... THIS TIME! lol
It's great, isn't it? I can't understand how people dislike the place. Awesome ballpark.
Beautiful day today! Too bad yesterday was not, AT ALL. Which of your favorite Louisville restaurants did you treat mom to for Mother's Day?
That moment when 1 of your bros is gonna try to commit the robbery on you. #NotCoolBro -_-
Not Everybody Is Gonna lyk Wat U Do. Som Wil Spit Bak @ U. Turn Their Spit In2 A Scented Body Lotion, Smear It Al Ova uR Skin n Just Move On
“: Hey! What do you think you're doing??” I have no idea :-/
I created a simple slide video titled "long tail keywords" (sample) posted it on facebook, youtube, metacafe-they ranked 1-2 pages of Google
Somebody's greeting that morning good good<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> lol RT : I don't remember saying I'll do this, but whatever
Have you tried those?
Don't take it personally if I go off on you today. Except you #MrHarrison. Legit.
Thanks for the note... You have been followed!! :) :) :) #followback #teamfollowback #tfb #instantfollowback Talk soon!
Will do & right back atcha guys! xo ~ We're back tomorrow. Let's make this (long overdue) date night happen on Sat.!
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than a biker.
I want a Valentine. Dinner movie roses and hot pornographic sex. Is that too much.to.ask.4
Im glad I learned from my mistakes. Full attention to my future. Success.
thx for the follow!
lol I know! They need to win this yr bc its chipper Jones last yr. They're really gonna suck when he leaves!
It's GAME ONE people. Chill.
an NOBODY saw dat.
ONE MORE MONTH until opening night of the Magical Lamp of Aladdin!!!! Mark your calendars!
Kg was here!
Thanks to , , , Brian Engblom for joining , Thursday morning!
Nuggets feeling pretty good, thats great! They have "butt whoopin" on tap!
So, Who Framed Roger Rabbit? Find out tonight @ 7:00 PM EST! On Cartoon Network!
Shout out to heterosexual sexually active dudes that don't know what a cervix is
Insane in the membrane .... got no brain.
“: <U+2708> Leavin' on a jet plane. Lkg. forward to singing as guest with Trio Fri. 4/22. #Berkeley #jazz can't wait!
OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck just completed the semi-annual Enviromental Health Inspection. No Hits...Woo Hoo...
there is also RSS feeds of almost every element (paragraphs, paragraph comments ) feel free to make suggestions on mailing list
I'm gonna be an asshat and blow up 's notifications, being the annoyingly wonderful sister I am(:
Heard power 105 is doing a tribute. We'll be listening in the office #RIPBIG can't believe it's been 15 years
Why Lakers why <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
: I miss the days when every problem could be solved with Rock, Paper, Scissors
Wake up, look out the window, kids climb into the bed for a snuggle. GREAT way to start the day ...
I'm getting to that class late tmrw <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I LOVE HIM INFITY PRINCETON!
No. Juliet Will Stay. Ceelo, Save Juliet. For Our Sake.
You know your dating life sucks when 20 year olds are giving you dating tips...lol
Sometimes people say, "You look familiar... Are you my bus driver?" :)
So glad that you're safe!!! :D YOU'RE GOING TO FINALS! :)
can you please follow me? im an american directioner :)
Thank you for changing the world. RIP
"If there's anyway to have that by tomorrow (Wednesday) COB that would be extremely helpful." Business jargon WTF
Somber day today.
I am trying to convince my husband to go ballroom dancing with me. Have fun!
are you referring to that cute little 12 year old ?
Anyone have the video of KRIT on Fallon last night?
if you had a time machine, where would you go?!
Just put in a bid for a #brick #house. It's mighty, mighty!
I #wantanr8 because I would operate it with style deserving of the fine piece of art that it is.
honestly? How old do I look?
CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CLL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL!!
How do I know I've become an adult? I have never paid so close attention to a benefits lecture before in my life. Ever.
I wanna spend this beautiful night with you <3
Blast Delts today? I started to wear swim shorts to gym since 110 degree inside.
U should finally come to Bmore for the launch of our jewelry line in April!
Hey everybody, we're OPEN earlier than planned. Come on in for dinner and a drink.
proud to have you as a CAF athlete and to support you on your way to greatness
I prefer eating at the Y....
#JetBlue issues full refund to cancelled red-eye SJC to BOS. Nicely done Jet Blue
Comparing pre- and post- grad school resumes, I realize: my program has been great, and I got a ton out of it. Thank you !
our players have been riding me about not tweeting ...lol
AX Nicholson Street & Huff Court just passed the entrance to White Flint Mall
our pleasure!
In Fontana for a series Downhill race Scott is headed up for the 1st of 2 races. Riding his backup bike waiting on repairs for his Ironhorse
i can invite you via facebook if you want. that might take you off the waiting list
Awesome! Thank you so much!!
Copy and invoice by last week Feb and yer on? X
I'm like NASA, I can't do anything
Rediculessness cracks me up
Sounds like you have had some great trips...I'll be in touch about feedback...Next week I'm off to Brazil for a month...
I was hoping to win every series
time for the yanks
Thanks for the kind words. I can't believe it's been four years. Enjoy your weekend and always remember the summit.
Insomnia, what is with you?
Let see what u got RT : lets network and build i want my artisr on your show
Smh I hate nights like this.
Man. The drag time on Best Buy online orders from Black Friday is killing me! I want my iMac...NOW!
Big thanks to and for pimping our post!
(2/3) Joy is true Peace giving by God and NO ONE or NOTHING can take that JOY away. When you have JOY you're in a GREAT place/space,
oh i'll b here, wating
we're gonna be playing there. we got a lot of people coming, it's gonna be a big party
Why isn't anyone good at math. Why does my life suck.
Tune into E! in less than 5 minutes live from the red carpet is starting!
Thanks, BethAnn! We love supporting JDRF - We hope it makes you feel good when you wear it :)
Labels and songs are exactly what sell "beer" of that sort though.
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind. I see nights full of pain, days of the same.
Wise men sit back and listen to fools talk.
Do you get combat pay for that?
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
Bleu Magazine is looking for an online editorial intern. School credit can be given. Submit resumes to . NYC based +
"we both say we single and we both lying"
Starting the new year off by working a double :D
you always got some smart shit to say, you probably be getting popped in the mouth.
RT : I already have the bidding at $50 for the Vegan Extravaganza
Love all around.
Hell yeah! who scored?
you ready for a new post? i'm ready for a new post...maybe something to read while waiting for the supp. draft to start?
On Saturday #FutureMusicMoguls will present their Final Projects as teams
Wanted to know if you would be open for 2 events at UJ, the CPC Crew and another one...
see ya tonight!
I want you to love me like I'm a hot ride;)
where in va?
What a Great Night
is gonna wrestle a live bear at #9FEST ? Uh awesome
sittin watching television... i hate wating tv it bores me but i had like 10 dvrd shows my mom wanted to delete :p
Working out while traveling is always a #challenge this weeks blog post will be how I faired
good morning !!!!!<U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>school is officially over for u-rise it to the roof ^ woot woot^^^<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>coming over tonight !
Did you know that dogs have twice as many muscles for moving their ears as people?
"Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you do not have; remember that which you now have was once among the things you only hoped for…
awesome, thanks! I just found u on Facebook- accept daphne :)
PickUpLine: Let's bypass all the bullshit and just get naked
Well congrats!
Protein shake instead of lunch... Just not the same
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Just enjoyed doing some fashionable retouching for Jason Kibbler Studio.
I think you're idea of an automated semicolon debate is a good one. Then maybe people will stop wasting their time on this topic
holy cow man! Your blog about us is beyond flattering!
That is sick!!! I agree with you!
I change for NOBODY.
Playing TONIGHT at the with and the Migs. Let's RnR!!
GOOD MORNING DIVA'S RT@ ENTREPRENEURIAL LEADS TO LEADERSHIP. WE SHOULD HAVE MORE LEADERS THAN FOLLOWERS.
SEND SEND SEND!! FREE DRINK SENDS UNTIL ONLY 5PM!!
Media literacy is critical to broadening our world view. We must create counter narratives says Dean Renee White of Simmons College.
nah we like to see :P
I fell off the roof and broke my leg
She Just Doesn't Understand How I Feel About This !
Struggling in your marriage? We can help...
Hi, we do not. We represent the Hermanos Lurton Verdejo (old label was El Albar Hermanos Lurton). Whole Foods Nora has this.
You're very welcome!
No you didn't! That's amazing. We should gather up a crew for this year's Halloween. I wanna go to Santa Barbara!
“: Just went out of my way to tell someone they have a really nice hairline.”
The UK marketing industry is viewed as one of the world's 'centres of excellence' for creating effective integrated communication campaigns.
love it babes
The Network will be closed all weekend and will resume normal hours on Monday. Be safe.
2012 - Draw more - mouse less.
going to hazen pool
When/if you download Tera and start patching..go to Launcher Setting and turn off Peer to Peer. HUGE difference in d/l speed
will do wish you were here! RT“: eat some yummy food for me!”
Rainy day in WV <U+2614>
No power great -.-
Put down "Pride & Prejudice & Zombies." Is this what it takes to "sell" a classic to the masses today? Action, blood, zombies...
I'm sure that will be a relief for the husband. I'm not very emotional normally, but I kept turning into this sobbing mess of pathetic.
Mirror : Oh,You look beautiful today! Camera : I don't think so.
"Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose." ~ Ayrton Senna #1 (21 March 1960 – 1 May 1994)
Because mobile phones are such a personal part of our world, mobile marketing has the potential to create a uniquely powerful impact.
Good Luck to at the Track Championships, hosted by
Brunch plans with the family has been made. Getting ready in a flash, because we are already behind schedule.
I LOVE<U+E32D> MY FOLLOWERS! ( ü )
look forward to learning the surprise about
Im reporting the 4 of you.
Love your mission by the way...
.... turn that shit the fuck off and shut it down right fucking now.
Tryna hate on ma man weeeez
CNN International live streaming Syrian crackdown. Reminds me of Libya. Wait. Aren't we still there? War Powers Act anyone?
RT : RT : "Dreams are often divine clues to one's purpose." ~Janet Todd
Looking forward to jamming w/ tomorrow at the 150th Anniversary bash/ #LightUpNight at
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!??!!!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 52
please don't hate me forever. -gives OLLG ticket- :D
No worries at all! Can't wait to hear how it goes today. Let me know if you need anything this afternoon.
Hey, how was your day???
the whole time we were filming, he couldn't stop talking about how great you are.
Happy Hump Day! Stop by the Goat for lunch and start the second half of your week off right with $2 Mexican Cerveza all day long!!!
Wen ur friends steal ur fone and they send "i love u" to every guy on ur contact list.
The best part is they actually Taste good!
I finally got an iphone! I could finally talk to that bitch siri lol
Yes, The Brewmaster Is Bout To Jet Back To Vegas, But This Time I'm Bringing A New Game To Town, And A Bunch Of My A-List Friends!
Kemp: Great ideas for making archival digital collections usable for digital humanists by encoding data in TEI. S13
Promote yoursellf or business and sponsor me in the 2010 Miss California Pageant airing on the CW!!!
some girl named Haley once told me that I was the only exception! :)
RT : Loved the screening at :)*
Hm... would you like some more? I read PLENTY. :D
SO excited to be working w iconic British brand & opening the Newbury St location later this month!
Dr, Pepper b giving video game shit away
You alright? :( Hurry up and get famous so you can hire a bodyguard.
Super Awesome Let's %Rock RT : all good - how about with you?
Nice job on tonight! Very well said!
Client is giving away FREE timeshare at Tahoe Seasons. This is ownership, not just a week's stay. Message if interested
To Republicans relief and Rick Perry's credit he remembered who he was endorsing.
I really love you people, but not in a creepy way or anything (mostly). So many of you are amazingly creative and driven.
replacing tube with repeat as it says on your site.
Love doesnt hurt, if your relationship involves being hurt, get the hell out of the situation use your strengths to move on..
Instead of jazzed dating profiles they should use MySpace
Hm...Manhattan, Brooklyn, Bronx, Staten Island, Queens?
How wonderful! MT : High School Seniors are headed to #Joplin to help re-build today!
2012 is going to be the best year now my mom is thinking to go on a CRUISE to Europe right after we leave Dominican Republic #YEE !!!
why don't you get some already?!
Good luck to as she prepares to begin her plenary talk at MAC today.
your mom is a woman after my own heart with the Colin Firth movies. Nice choice.
(TRUE) ABQ ALERTs unlicensed contractor stole $7500 for construction work n' disappeared. Please take heed. Check credentials, license, etc.
why do they hide you on the early show. I can;t be up that early
I will
It's too late for the otherside
OMG I got sorted in Gryffindor!!! I'm pretty sure even my dog is judging me right now...
Also, why do I not own a gingham dress and a straw hat? This holiday is off to a rough start.
Legrand | Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
I have all the information I need about opposition to womens' health. Roe was 40 years ago. Curious why you care so much?
Checked it out fam it's not what we are looking for right now but never stop and keep grinding you never know we may meet again at the t ...
Are you trying to buy tickets or reserve a specific table?
the pleasures all mine.
Hello our house made Guac RT : What's cooking today? *Our way of saying Hello* , ,
Snowy night in Georgia....
I hope you're thinking of me, because thoughts of you drift into my mind at least a million times a day.
Glad I'm not the only one :-)
I can do that for you
Hoping that report is false. With Cook getting rocked followed by the 17 inning marathon, shouldn't Beckett have been available?
Grammy award winner, platinum selling artist Mr Cheeks... yeah that's the one :) Tonight at
Why cant you be close to me like you used to be?
#69Factsaboutme 39. I'm the oldest child.
Yep, that would make sense given the Chronicle props!
My sister arrives tomorrow. Watch out new york!
thanks for the follow! :-)
Oh that sounds like it could be a good inspiration for something. Lol!
thanks for the shout-out!
I love Focalin. As in I would marry Focalin if that was legal.
thanks for signing last night, it was cool just chilling and talking.
Listening to =^_^= I LOVE YOU GUYS :))
R.I.P Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys :'(
Now I'm intrigued - going to have to see it!
Sister, it helps with the flow! Have had to come to terms with it lately and give myself grace. Ha ha!
attn: please be careful tomorrow. the marijuana addicts will be out getting high on "grass" and then rioting, looting, and raping.
Check with your clinic but our introductory massage starts at $49
Weekend of spring cleaning, work and errands done! A few hours left for Lazy Sunday :)
Ah, I didn't see that. Interesting idea, depending on the community. I'd be worried about the small dev with the next big idea...
Idc what anyone says, seeing the Tupac hologram is suddenly on my bucket list.
Just spoke with and they have NO KNOWN ETA for their problem to be solved. Not the first time either. Great win
Have you stopped using your usual AV products because of cutbacks? Are you using a lesser quality case because of it?
Love is still the sweetest feeling there is, but you just have to make sure both of you feels it... At the right time... And the right place
Anyone still playing diablo 3 from last night ?
yesssy. Can you teach me your wise ways?
"Pretty bad"? Scoreless thru 6, now 2-0. Quite a blowout ... if this were soccer.
I deadlifted 225 lbs at #CrossFit tonight. Pretty sure that's a first.
i need a co-owner who would like to co-own :)?
alright um hehe what do you wanna do today and if you get me i sick ill kill you
I am trying to think more about emotions these days, you know, those things that only women are allowed to have
"Keep a green bough in your heart and a singing bird will come." Lao Tsu
Have a <U+2764>that never hardens, a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts. <3
Yes. I just read a hang glider got hurt there this afternoon. BTW, how's your nephew doing with the C.diff?
You can invest in the Stock Market and gamble or you can "Invest in Yourself" and control your Return! Coach Terry
I will try to work on it when I have some down time. Hope you are having a good week :)
Let me get some action, from the back section.
#Quick #Tip: Keep your #fonts consistent.
Tacos De Adobala + A California burrito <3 I'm in heaven.
AP: Obama says 1 year after killing of bin Laden, goal of defeating al-Qaida now 'within reach'
I been up since 4am listening to music not feeling to good
Happy Birthday
I am really banking on this thing to happen and if it doesn't ill be seriously screwed
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out! We have lots of cool music you may enjoy!
": #deeznuts RT for for new trend
And yet again she tweeted arrangement and combination
Lunch Dessert - NEW YORK STYLE CHEESECAKE seasonal berries
I'm finished with my shit
Our favorite pizza place in Baltimore? Joe Squared hands down! What's yours?
Let us know the who/what/when for your next event so we can help promote it and be there to support ya!
Celebrating the women in my life! #HappyMothersDay!
Day 39 no #coffee. Missing how great my apartment use to smell on weekends when the coffee finished brewing.
oh I will have to try that next time!
<U+200E>"Zap!" "Pow!" Say goodbye to your aches and pains this Spa Week. Call to book your massage now!
where are the plans we made for two?!!
anytime darling! You are one of the best!! And we are loyal to the friends of
The Capitol Steps have a show in Athens, GA @ University of GA Performing Arts Center 02/10/12 @ 8pm.
Don't follow us.....STALK US!!! #Atlanta!
With Arnold Palmer Invitational, Tiger Woods and He's BACK trending right now, I think it's safe to say Tiger is back on the golfing radar
And then the bass brought the house down...literally.
Hey, thanks! Pretty good thank you, how about yourself?
Everyone should listen to our new song "Hope Is All We Have" and like our page
i love being sweet baby you really mean so much too me im really happy your in my life
Brotherofman acoustic show tonight at HeadHunters in Austin - playing around midnight - come by and check it out
Exciting news - congratulations!
It's really nice today :)
I've changed SO much in the past month , but I'm really starting to like who I'm becoming.<3
I'm worried about Skywalker Ranch. Heard there is a 3-alarm fire inside one of the buildings. Fingers crossed
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 59F FAIR
Did I just see Bryce Harper steal home?
Taking it easy tonight after yoga killed my back last night...and then going at it again tomorrow. Like a champ.
It's not that I'm Politer than you - it's that you are Ruder than I am...
well I do now! Ellen are you a Yorkshire lass? :)
Reppin' the #LadyBallers and all Female sports fans/professionals at
same here
Thank you for your plug.
no big deal glad 2 c u n a better mood
Getting ready to make Saturday supper: chicken feta/spinach sausages, quinoa, & sauteed kale w/ garlic. What kind of wine would go best?
I think so...they are selling a 4 pack for $57 plus fees...they are probably up high though
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>you don't believe me...
Awesome! We are going to have a lot of fun!
I can't wait for our chat on ethics and of course all the yummy pizza from !
I forgot about Suri's Burn Book! Thanks!
Haha. Unfortunately for you (fortunately for me), I didn't have her. I DO have something for you for both Con Law & BA though
He makes me happy!(:
Thanks for following!(: Love your Bieber page on facebook!
would be great to get some idea how widespread it is, so thinking about giving docents a hashtag they can promote as well.
Were going round after round
Yeah i have her on facebook. :)
Thanks to the great people at Printwear for a great show in Dallas last weekend! See you in Indy June 12, 22 & 23
Made it through another round of cuts! Yes!
We've got Mom's Chili for the snack tonight (after 10pm) but $2 Cabin Still and $1 cans of Old Milwaukee are all day & night!
If I Die Tomorrow then I want everyone to know right now that you are all beautiful and I love all my friends and family to death <3
should be a good one. I can get all the games on Xbox live if you wanna come up for one of them
Oh, perfect. (As I eat my low-fat Greek yogurt...)
Goodnight Twitter Fam tomorrow is a big day for O.V.R.Its our Debut performace at Jerry Browns Gala !!! P.S. There will be famous ppl there!
I also suggested reading widely. Even if I feel like I don't like a genre, I'll take a chance and sometimes I end up loving it.
You guys have to step up your game a bit. The Hunter S Thompson one was the last one I liked. No more DR WHO!
talk to , I bet he knows a guy
BUDDY!! will take down the Bulls and storm through the Eastern Conference sucka!!
Going back to bed because I have no life.
This shit is going to keep me up all night -.-
U got room left RT : I need sum new ink!!!!! Its gettin nice n i have no new wrk on me
If there's a limit how'd I vote so many times today? And yesterday??
Paleo cookbooks sound like one is boiling rocks or something
sure can
#RT If your watching
Is it me or does LeBron's head band just KEEP getting bigger??!!?? No need to answer its a rhetorical question lol!
You guys are mean.
What games do you want to see more of from Blast at this year's E3? Tell us so we can plan the best E3 coverage for our readers!
Tix to DC bought! 1st week in Feb it's going down. Will DM deets. Tell the fam!
my Luddite friend is somehow on Twitter and he is being really sassy about it. FOLLOW WEDNESDAY:
just fyi that Highlander Grog at Cup O Joe is amazing! I'm glad I ordered.
Omg these 2 bitches in my class have got to have thee most annoying laughs ive heard in awhile, sounds like sponge bobs laugh on crack x1000
He missed a dunk
I have a never ending love for Mads Langer and his music<3~Dally
www.thisiscyonflare.com Check it out! Much Love!
Planning travel in #2013? Our 2013 room rates going online this week so be sure and check us out for your #Hawaii Island stay!
I think I have a problem. I get upset when people don't load the dishwasher correctly >_<
in this day in age it might be too late. that clip will probably be on youtube soon enough sadly
that's OK, Johnson County: totally expected you to turn up your nose...
RT : #facebook is gay they should hook up with myspace. Pres says he's ok with that.
Matt, we've been doing recess before lunch for several years and it works very well. Glad we changed.
Ogmento is looking for a Game Programming Intern to help with our geo-social augmented reality games. Paid, Near UCLA.
Holiness is one word is "unchanging"; meaning your whole, complete and perfect. God is unchanging. He's asking us to take on His character.
hi glad work with
Hundreds of thousands of Hispanic students will be helped by student loan reform, so #WeCantWait #Obama2012 OFA.BO/NPXtsy
It is never right to do wrong nor is it ever wrong to do right. I like that!!!
If only you know what the future holds after a hurricane comes a rainbow
lol. So do I have to do the music too? Or do u do tht?? Lol. Btw, wht character were u?? I love beauty nd the beast! <3
Preciate the follow ma RT : <<< NOW FOLLOWING !!!!
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument
just read about it.
Sleepuh sleepuh time. Gonna drift away to a sparkly world with Edward Cullen played by Robert Pattinson. Gimmuh some of dat! <U+E13C><U+E32E><U+E425><U+E335><U+E00E>
Thanks for the welcome, Chanel!:)
yeah, cause I'm gonna be tanner!
There’s a lot to be said about Super Bowl hype, but nothing better than a great #superbowl game. Bring it!
yea yea imma c how u act next week? Date night? We can go to Will's?
In a democracy it's your vote that counts. In feudalism it's your count that votes.
My mom gne be.Tryna.kick me.so.I gtta stack and.get me a house
I admit it, I really like you, but it is not worth it anymore.
u play hockey?
Thanks!! RT : have checked out many times. Love these guys and wish them the very best...
This band is REALLY good. Come out and see Escape Artist at Whiskey Tango.
some people just never change .
Remembering the time I flew the mile high club in the back room of a pimped out g5... went nyc-vegas-nyc in less than a 24 hrs... gambled!
"G-Thang" already? Is the second half of the set all Tupac via hologram?
I love the parity!! RT: Painful Top 25 meeting today-no easy answer at the top. Our rankings will be posted shortly.
Got to start training for lax soon. Even though it's 6 months away. Days of being lazy are over
Miss you too!
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson and #NotGayEnough are both trending! Haha. Perfect two!;)
miss you to!
Nice to see SI already wrong on the KU prediction for the season
I love landing at DFW when there's another plane approaching on a parallel path.
working on new solo release. a 5-song concept EP.
So cute! Great choice :-)
whydo I look so ugly in ur twitter pro pic?! :((
Dayummmmm he's hot
What am I writing about?
Why can't all these people love Jesus Christ the way they love Justin Bieber?
On the south
I don't disagree at all, never did. I do believe in education through exposure though.
poor old michael finnigan!
Ambition is enthusiasm with a purpose. - Frank Tyger
Great but some events are national or international :-) Can that be considered during the redesign? #keepupthegoodwork!
Intro to Book Publishing class, how was tour? What rare books did you see today?
Thank so much!! =)
Good morning! Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day here. What are your plans for the day?
Whenever I'm feeling down I can always count on my windmill to make me feel better about myself. He's a HUGE fan.
That awkward moment when... you post a status insulting someone and they like it...... Like do they not realize..... IT'S ABOUT THEM????????
Congrats on the funding--good luck to you guys in future!
It was a big concert week in #CentralFL – which band is your favorite: , or ?
thanks bro! its good to know people actually watch those lol
RT : went to go see the avengers with and c;
In a Tyler the creator mood.
I see lmaao hi :)
"Limited voting power" is quite a turn of phrase.
I just found it lol
Interesting Night. I turned the Clipper game off with 10mins to go in the 4th. Does this mean I can't watch the rest of the series?
is saying Braun took and passed a lie detector test
For sure! I got the perfect material for this summer too! It's going DOWN!
time to claim what is ours!
RT Wow. Kids stay in school until your finish high school, or turn 18. Well done.
If you really want outstanding creative performance, you need people to focus on intrinsic motivations - factors inherent in the work itself
Damn Hot Shit , Gonna Be My Signature on my Beats!! B_FreeOndaBeat Daily!!!
Your tastebuds are wrong. Sour cream is a staple in my food life.
What the hell I didn't say that!
The ice cream truck music blasting from down the block seems pretty discordant weather-wise.
I hate having to get out of bed to go to the bathroom.
The amount of shit I've acquired over the past year is undeliverable
luv it, pole-dancing guerillanfilm style. ...but whats is "slag" for you american cousins. Lol
Very good
People are really excited about lil boosie huh? -_-
Chapter 2012 Page 47 of 366 Got a glimpse of my future today...looking splendid!
im not tired yet its 11:35 pm
Great fit #haventheardofhimuntilyourtweet RT Pats have agreed to terms with ex-Chargers safety Steve Gregory S who can play CB
The Brewers magic number is now 18!
I'll take note!
U guys have GQ and Arena! I don't think NY has got many men's fashion magazines either,to name a few: Nylon Guys, GQ, DETAILS, VMAN.
im confident in what i want in this life its just a matter of getting their.
I just want to listen to meek mill all day. Is that so much to ask?
I always tell my friends if I was dude I wouldnt date girls that drinks or smokes #NotALady lol
that means your sight is improving! how awesome - mine gets worse and worse, total blindness will surely follow
MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO was a perfect way to end the night!
6pm, but people trickle in at all times. we'll be outside unless it's bad out!
Our new Phoenix Arizona location opens next week!
It is all by design for this moment in time...
Please take a few minutes of your time and vote! Vote for who YOU want to see on OUR campus! Your vote is SO IMPORTANT!
Woke up an hour ago and iv been wide awake since <U+E407>
Gorillas in the Mist with Sigourney Weaver was the #1 movie this day in 1988.
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure. Post all your highlight tapes you have on youtube on our site
ending the first job going back to bed and get get ready for my 2nd job have a good one hit when I get off
Not looking very good for Fletcher
any woman who tweets the word 'breast', even if they're just talkin' bout making chicken, is a lesbian.
m...don't know why you trying to get yourself in trouble.
The Atlantic Posts Ad Gains in Both Digital and Print
Steve Jobs' choices as a patient has sparked important dialogue about active roles we need to take as decision-makers w/ doctors. Thoughts?
RT since when is having sex with someone "just hanging out"? what fucking world do you live in?
confession; I like to read like the REALLY good IB stories.
I have A great idea LETS HANGOUT YEAH
no censorship! ;)
Oh my. is on probation after he accidentally played Third Eye Blind on his computer.
Maybe will graciously step aside. MT I want et al to give Dan Savage instead of
just saw music video! beautiful voice, beautiful girl, beautiful video. its all just beautiful!<3
Can you please follow me? (:
If I could, Brother...
no #primesuspect on NBC tonight? what the hell!? i have no idea what to watch tonight. this throws my night completely off!
That's right! RT : takes the best pictures, esp of my road dog THEY BOTH ROCK IT!!!
Your never too young to succeed remember all the great people in the world were young once too :)
My rap name is T-Money. Reppin that
Countdown is on! The
we'd love it if you checked us out and told your followers to check us out!
Yes, talking right now, Ballroom 6 just across the hall from 10
Sounds fun af. Gimme a few months to bulk up and im
hehe that's why y'all love me
The Google zipper is
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing on. Heraclitus
fine wine and good spirits, an excellent time
- I have a new car, a 2011. The car I drove before that I drove for 16 years, until it died.
I'm not going to be able to watch "60 Minutes" in my right mind if I don't have some buttercream, stat.
Tell Enrique he's awesome!
iHad a cool mother's day
thank YOU!
I may not be at you poker night, but I'm playing #addbig too. =P
Sorry, doesn't look like we have those in stock right now.
Last day to take advantage of our exclusive Holland America sale. All new reservations gets a $450 onboard value booklet....
prerolls are basically small joints. already rolled and ready to go!
Thank you for your inquiry. We have deeply considered your proposal and decided to say: NO. I mean, we're creeps. It's what we do.
"happy chemicals" bwahahaha. gotta finda way to use that before the day is over!
kitchen aid mixer is off my registry! yay!
so where were you....
We are about to add a NEW fan page due to the typo in the vanity URL, so watch for an announcement on Dave's personal page w/the new URL
Honor the historic street grid... Chi didn't rename Michigan Avenue 'Second City Way.'
Well, I'm back at work...really sick of being sick at this point.
White ghost driva blue dot sipper this track is caliente ft -Husband or Wife -REMIX video coming be on the look ya
DITTO! Lets go
thanks for sending my way!
Thank You Margi! Be Blessed & Never Stressed
Why am I a fool?:) Whenever..let me know. He's always down to play.
Country music videos make me emotional
right on!
It is! Been a long while since I posted to it.
aight L c u later ull be callin watch ;))
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chomp their gum like damn cows
Grandma's Boy on
I always play your "we found love" instead of Rihanna's
wow.. the woman looks amazing.. thanks for the headsup.
thanks for the mention.
I second that suggestion. Its a fantastic book. Ms Vowell is a hoot.
Dedicate a love song to your valentine by tweeting the song name and your valentine's Twitter username using
Could I see this person's FB page? You have no idea how much I appreciate you posting this student's updates, though!
So Cool Out, I Didn't Say I Was Lbs.
Agree! RT : A3: Don’t offer an ultimatum unless you are really prepared to walk away.
where have you been?! I miss you!
I try to stay safe from that by only checking out hopelessly outdated quantitative methods books.
Grand Theft Auto 5? YES PLEASE!!!!! Pretty pumped up about this, cant wait for next weeks trailer!
Early morning to play golf! Its gonna be hot as fuhhhh!
Yeah, awesome concept.
Did anyone hear ask "How many times have you been properly in love? OMG!!!(: haha
first I had mizouno but they changed so I don't like them and then I had brooks and they were okay and new balance was good too:)
a solid shout out to on with
Just spent time with #CASA kids in the neighborhood, huge economic challenges, and the lucky ones with loving relatives
Yes I feel it! <3
I feel like I got hit by a bus! The only thing is that I haven't even drank in 2 day!
Well i just realized i made the Deans list : )
RT : and it's always with "lets go." Who's she referring to, her modeling partner? |Good question! Heel, boys...
Wilkins: Orgs need to be aware of what people are saying about them on social media even if they don't have a corporate presence.
thank you for the follow!!
I'll keep water close by next time, I'm in Richmond. I write poetry and short stories. Plan on freelancing soon...
did Mrs fleck call you about pictures?
Thanks for the continued support at CKCU 93.1 FM Ottawa! Peace!
Completley get your basking part...we are basking in picnic joy before we gear up for our next trip...
at least least you're doing good there. Btw, whoever said you look old is blind as fuck...just letting you know ;-)
haha I had a feeling. Good one(:
Just got the only tan. Gettin' preped for my big shoot with Rick Day.
Thanks for the RT
Just got out of target. Target is now gonna start selling fruits and vegetables on 3/27 or something. Coolios
I do. But only if you share those pain meds. Kidding!
note actually. I don't IM. I don't linger on fb.
I wish my :-) mom was a stay at home mom
gm josh
Roll on Sunday till I get back to NI and go play a bit of quality golf around Ballyclare again
Twitter just exploded. is back.
It's the only way to live.
Someone is paying some bad music in the bathroom on full blast.. !! Lol
#HappyHour at runs from 3-7pm M-F. Come in for $3 wells, Discount Drafts & $6.25 Guinness pints!
“: It's my birthday(:”happy birthday low key I think we met at mcdonalds?
OMGZ! We're gonna be on WGN morning news on FRIDAY! Check us out along with other sketchfest acts from 7am-9am!!
I need to get started on that soon! Can't wait!
hi raggs, happy thursday to you
the argument is not against my beliefs, but ignorance in general...always bring a book...freedom depends solely on the informed...duty calls
Looks interesting! RT String theorist Jim Gates on how the human mind formulates “systems of belief” in sciences+ liberal arts
IMPORTANT THOMAS REMINDER: ARRIVE AT LEAST ONE HOUR BEFORE YOUR TRAIN RIDE. WE REALLY MEAN IT!!! WE DO NOT WANT YOU TO MISS YOUR TRAIN RIDE!
Before you get started, smartalecks -- no, that wasn't last year :)
I think it's time for me to make a batch of homemade #bodyscrub. I like knowing what's going on my body. I'm thinking
Now I know I work tonight. Except where do I work again? Crap.
Off to Portage County Business Council tomorrow for a talk on Voice-of-Customer, can't wait!
I have heard awesome stuff about him! Poli sci faculty at Wayne is truly amazing! Read Brad Roth if you get a chance :)
Been on twitter for a week and totally hate it. I miss facebook...
chance to see Harper's Debut in person, u going?
would you layoff of Tebow? Get over it. In reality, you don't know anymore than anyone else about how he'll do as the starter.
What's considered "casual cocktail attire" for men?
Oregonian's Bruce Ely is taking a gigapan super-zoom ultra-cool photo tonight at Jeld-Wen Field... will be on oregonlive.com
RT : Our attention span has been reduced from 20 minutes to 9 seconds, largely thanks to Web browsing.
Have van will travel! Hit us up to come to your town.
You look so pretty today. Love that color on you! :)
Gen X moms are notorious "helicopter moms"
great to see you have a twitter!
LOL, i love it!
Some stats are useless..
Welcome everyone! Thank you for joining bartenderme.com!!! We will be continuing to update the site, bring the hottest events to you-Andrew
RT : So many hard choices at #heartcamp - I want to hear everyone!
you're doing a wonderful thing as an intern!!! Most of our West and Southwest clients, non documentation, are from east and west
#SometimesYouHaveTo ... play dumb... ignorance can not only be bliss, but it can even save your life under the right circumstances.
The Sun don't stop shining!!!
Texas Roadhouse is O-MAZING! Great steak!
very pretty girl
such an easy life.
I meant the iphone one lol
Next ppv #OverTheLimit i cant wait
These people don't get it. Everyday is Mothers Day<U+263A>
Good morning all.. Happy race day!!
I just DM my email. Looking forward to it.
May need 1 social policy for all employees, and 1 for people using social in their job, but not for each site. That's TOS.
well 2 bad for u
Cut to: Sergio Leone close up
Tweet w/ me or 1 of the other hosts ( etc) about our tweets, RT things we tweet or answer our ?'s.
You know when playoffs come someone sees something they like so they like that team.
#cfaleadercast Intuition is the highest output of a culture of trust. Angela Ahrendts, Burberry CEO
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love-- Mother Teresa
says: Traffic Lights are out MD-355 at Middlebrook
#Herewepurple My favorite color is purple! loving all the purple logo's today
Admiration of ya waist, salavating for a taste
Another great acting class with at the Performance Lab!
It's your first Ustream without braces ! so proud !!!
Thank YOU! - You've done great work here with LSS and we wish you the best of luck with your next big adventure!
FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS!!! Seriously....anything is possible when there is a WILL there's a way
AH! The crossword puzzle proposal on #Greys! Clever clever clever.
I'm excited!
Two Mondays in a row...not planning on going for three!
do you even have my number ?
FOLLOW ME
thanks suze! I love you too!
i want to thank , russell for his time, support, & resources that will & has helped the film project 3rd wheel forward
When Curling your hair with heat let the curl cool off before you touch it, and it will last all day!
Nah I'll do my hw later.the next day they say can I see Ur hw I forgot to do mine
Tonight I'm with vocalist Cathy Segal-Garcia at the Oyster House in Studio City CA. Jazz. Guitar, Bass & Percussion.
Aw, hugs! BTW, I sent you the completed form a little while ago.:-)
Creative Animal Relif radio show airing every Wed at 7pm ET time www.blogtalkradio.com/creat... new topic everyweek!
#iLikePeopleWho r just like me
Happy Groundhog Day! Almost my favorite holiday...
Sorry spelled pujols wrong in an earlier tweet, sorry Albert Pujols, welcome to the AL
Then what does this lead us to infer about Texas?! :O
Students interested in HCI research - follow #chi2012 to see what's happening at conf. and to connect with like-minded people cc
I'm not qualified to make a medical diagnosis. There's a reason I cook for a living: I'm not very smart.
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. Brillat-Savarin, Anthelme
Thanks! Yes, you, me, and about 2 dozen other photographers and camera operators!
I get it. I generally try to avoid helping other people in stalker behavior, unless I have it in for the stalkee.
Cultural Center breakfast special: Spinach and Feta Cheese Omelet with hash browns and toast $3.95. Eat in or take out. 941-625-4175 ext.261
so hot!!
John, you put the 'shiv' in chivalry brother!
happy birthday!!
So you broke up with me for her......wow I thought I was a good gf I guess I was wrong
awesome article! thanks for the mention!!
yeah. I'll be interested to see where he ends up, hopefully they figure it out this afternoon!
why did that lady spread #nutella all over her face?
Can you DM me your email address? I'd like to formally invite you to a Wisconsin Cheese event in Cleveland. Thanks! -Jon
Can you say one game over reaction?!? Where are the Dolphins when you need them?!?
just finished my 2nd draft of #detroitangel read through next week!
Anybody see the naked person walking down 390 yesterday? 585-222-2899
Rt! Next time:)
ETA within the hour.
m.... MT So... I hear its #NationalCoffeeBreak day .. who's offering deals in the #Madison, WI area? You might get some biz.
My kid's stock just came today! Now we're both official owners of the World Champion Green Bay Packers!
I stopped laughing at Michael Scott from "The Office" years ago. If he was a real person I'd hate him & fire him & probably put him in jail
You talk a lot of crap...
if your scared of course
Thought it was funny, but he missed key point: it's publishers who categorize books.YA has produced lit. classics.
DG! Dr Pepper lover! His weakness!
L.A. or Denver? Denver, easy.
TRINA is in today...Everyone start calling in and get the BEST FACIALS from Trina
Asked: "Who created Apple?" Response: "God."
Anybody who mentioned chocolate-chip cookies on their presentation got A+++++ from me.
April 5th is a community support day for 5% of sales for all the Oakland county stores will go to this awesome organization
He deleted the pic:'(?
re "What would you do if you knew you could not fail?" This is one of my favorite questions, & one we should ask ourselves daily.
Fab "I'm A Moron" Melo
I don't know either one, unfortunately. There are definitely a lot of Saucedo's out there!
Only if you give the first dance to me. Girl I promise I'll be gentle. We gotta do it slowly<3
I just played an awesome April Fool's joke on my intestines.
Good luck to all those headed back for a new semester at school!! I wish I was going back! LOL.
Grateful for people who can take the heat when chips aren't just falling, they're melting.
yes. Handles the ball well. Finishes great around basket with both hands. Runs the floor well. He's only going to get better
The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character.-- Isabelle Eberhardt
I am here. :-) ": Lots of haters tonight. Where are my #teamashley fans?"
#gopdebate definition of Church v. State is well prepared tonight ill give him that clarifies Cabinet comment
Congrats to on getting that JD today!!!!!
i may be extra paranoid, but i can see bank account numbers on the check. I'd blur it out!
I would call you an angel, but there aren't any angels as beautiful as you :)
See you after Springsteen tonight! Save a cocktail for us ... "Glory Days..." ;)
you know *nothing* about Richmond Virginia.
We do play a very big part of that! RT Happiness depends upon ourselves. ~ Aristotle
Have any of you read Kraken and love it? I am having hard time finishing that book. Don't care a bit about that squid and people around it.
Great meeting you at the AMA's gifting suite! Come follow us!
im thinkin if i woulda been ready on time this morning i wouldnt be so bored waiting now... lmao!!! woman =P ->KimBeezy<-
please follow me I would be so happy!!:)
You're a stud <3
in 7 phases of grief of divorce,seems gothru all each day,w/1yr til end of process,wife left after31yrs 5kids"for better life"at61yrs old;-(
Ask for Shawn. he is the bomb. Made this trip to #flipburger so worth it. Love the quick wit.
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '<U+2665>'Theyy Wanna Change That
THANK YOU<3
Kobe will always make the tough shots
I'm not a faggot twilight sucks ass
life is short hahahah so hit the blunt lmao
When children use social media, it is important they are reminded by caring adults how online behavior today, can impact their future.
and their hockey hullabaloo...
lol i wish it would stop snowing!! . your welcome :D
the new iSquid?
Get some ambition, why you bored
our hearts are with everyone in japan. hoping for the best there and everywhere else feeling the impact. LB under tsunami advisory...
Go Penguins!
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on their first round victory.
OMG so HOT!
Last set of auditions for Jack Squad 2, August 9th, 2009 at The Relapse Theater, 380 14th St. Atlanta, GA 30318.
it is a great opportunity but the first time being away from my son -- he is 22 months old.
Yeah. I had HIM figured out! LOL!
I want every1 that is in #AmarilloTx to go out and support #GGMG for #ThrowedThursday tomorrow night
You are pretty cool too!
oh nice good for you. Hope you get it.
you too!
got that right!! 2ID 10th Mountain Vet!
Don't cry. I'll buy you all the happy meals in the world to make you happy again! <3
Didn't he pass that law? Lilly Ledbetter Act, or am I remembering wrong?
yes I think so too, I don't wanna see this shit!!
awe hope ur ok now
Called Dad a Mustard Tiger for using too much mustard and he got really mad.
Printed the programs for the Yates/Wheatley football game. Hope you guys don't get rained out!
Just walked out on H and his bedtime shenanigans. My patience has reached its limit.
I thought I was your best friend!?
Bob Dylan Christmas Album? Whhaaaaatt?? This seems wrong to me.
Awesome BCC rehearsal tonight! Tomorrow nights show at the Highdive is gonna kill! :)
Hahaha, real smooth! Sidenote: We saw DCFC last week at the Riverside in Milwaukee. Tremendous show.
you rock!
Florence + The Machine? Check. Alterra Coffee? Check. Google Analytics & RegEx wizardry? Check. Here's to you, monthly reporting.
enjoyed playing selections of Haydn, Bartok and Ravel for members of Opus Affair Boston last night!
Thanks for the +K!
if its all rest you can compile it with sphinx locally
Whatever your politics, #weiner is the kind of person needed in Congress: pugnacious, principled and savvy, except when it comes to Twitter
ugh who actually cares about school? you…? of boy going over to the dark side.. i should probably do my homework
Off to LaCrosse to watch some state dance!
My only inspiration for waking up at 5:30 is working out with good looking women...
What inventions can you not live without?
#supportlocalmusic Playing songs now till 5p on Check it out
oh, they're wonderful people.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)......
Good Monday morning! Have you seen our commercial on your favorite show?
Tweet to LADIES:: if a GUy tells you he doesn't want a relationship with you..tell him KEEP it MOVING BRUH, I'm not gonna be a
Iphone better hurry up
Actual Comedian, thank you for the new twitter bio!
After countless hours of research, I've decided that there is no better study music than Thelonious Monk.
Had a hearty breakfast of ice cream sundae. I'm finally taking responsibility for my health.
thinking of doing an impromptu panel at SF-ACSA on experimental history; whoever is around - nothing too formal. interested?
balu, billy go kill it!
The Goonies, Interview With A Vampire, A Beautiful Mind, The Boondock Saints 1 & 2, Cool Hand Luke, Animal House, and I can't
CBS Radio didnt want ANY lax talk. In B'more? Dumbasses! MD vs. JHU 2nite - classic! Harbs & Belichick are here. Good enough 4 them! Bulldog
#smh Awful game ! Yankees turn the page bring the O's !
It's freezing in here...this construction project needs to be done already.
thunders the best in the west!
Neil Lane and Lynzi must have the same makeup artist!
full moon party in OB!! We play at Mother's Saloon 9-1130pm!
where u at kid
twitter friends.
Shooting very cool music video with the band "liars" overnight and tomorrow night. I'm a serial killer dry cleaner!
rich bitch
Have some good eats & treats!
Let's all line up in order of who's the worst daughter. Quick, everyone behind me.
I absolutely love spaghetti and meatballs. You makin' some?
Outside of Rachacha in the Finger Lakes-you?
“I wasn't drunk!” “Dude, you threw my bird to a cop yelling “GO ANGRY BIRD, GO KILL THEM PIGS!””
The NBA really runs Twitter
Save that goofy shit
Cant wait for someone to come along to sweep me off my feet
"He may strive to transcend all that is mundane and bestial, but in the end Ahab is a one-legged old man who requires the help of others."
“: Let's go #Buccos let's go #Pens” Well the Bucs got an inside the park homer so we got half of that covered.
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that reflection.
I'm so sorry :\ I know it won't be the same Dunn was the best and he will be missed. Love you Bam Bam<3
So bad U of A is not off today...
Is that it?
lol! Ur tripping, remember we have a 3hr time difference
I wish he knew...
SFO bound for NSVF and Imagine K-12.... Looking forward to getting energized by pitches tomorrow!
A moving tribute to a great man.
nothing to do with 1d: a SARAA alert has gone out for a 5 year old boy, Porter Stone took from his fathers side at STL children's hospital
We are all done in the studio! cant wait to hear the finished product!
Just drive by Santigold sound checking L.E.S. Artistes. Rad.
knew it!
Thanks Michael - I was proud of their work on that show and really appreciate your comment. Talk soon!
Next NWABP meeting Thursday 10/29/09. Speaker will be Kent Smith from S.C.O.R.E.
oh, i get it.
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Depends who’s asking.
Bitch betta have my money
There's nothing to fear but duck its self!
Bozo. Look at Jeter's numbers over last year, one of top SS in MLB.
I've been good blessed with no complaints!
The vows coming out asdfghjkl :)
It was hard to condense the plot of The Black Opera into so few characters. Thanks for rt-ing me.
Left is Right | Legal case launched after Hungarian actor attacked as filthy Jew - Jewish Chronicle
Yummy for the Mommy? Enjoy : ) one of my favs
cool! i ended up being out & decided to swing by. it was chilly :) i think the view on the east side is best.
i knew what you meant, me too yumzies
Just had a nice long convo with my sisters. If I don't have nobody else to talk to I can shonuff always count on them. Love'em to death.
Thank You!!!
We're looking forward to it. Street fair wkend!
Every body do da Paul George
thanks for the repost
#that1friend that tries to tell you how to live your life and theirs is a mess...
get em girl!
haha yeah we do!!!
Ha! RT : So true! My wine hasn't though! Too much typing!
#EliManningMVP "Coach its too easy,need to lose 4straight""Coach Superbowl 9-0 lead is too easy,need 4thQuarter comeback"ELI's THE MAN!
great game Marcus! That game was rediculous. You did your thing! #HeirJordan!
Dear Eighth Note Coffeehouse Patrons, treat yourself to a real cup of coffee (or espresso drink) at the UWM Grind today.
It sucks when you're ignored by the one person who's attention means the world to you.
getting tons of ideas; we need to hope for having just enough students to run course, but < full
Just one follower away from 200
The building is shaking
I think about my work every minute of the day.
Huh?? MT fave quotes & relevant at #aam2012: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic - Arthur C. Clarke
Your LUCKY! Were you going Crazy when you seen him ? :D
thanks for the info! Have a great day at church today! We're playing at a prison today...
if they have parents like mine their heads are filled with thoughts about how even if it's "allowed" you won't get ahead etc
Love starts with an accepting mate!
Timmy! I wanna meet you so bad! Will you be at the NYC concert?!
sometimes, when i close my eyes... i can't see.
EXPOSÉ LISA LISA TIFANNY & NELSON @ This Sat!
I'm so confused right now. :o
lol yea me both r!!! This is so amazing were gonna get 2 see them twice
RT : "alone people don't like to hear about together people, ok?!"
NICE! love the attitude RT #BeautifulPeopleInMyTL Everyone. Every single person I follow is beautiful (:
Don't forget to just always be yourself because the sooner the person you're dating finds out you're terrible the better.
My Sat. a.m. psychology class is in the home stretch. I signed up for another Sat. a.m. class, this one with the
yes. “: I don't think we can progress as a civilization if we avoid talking about hard issues.”
I'm free, I'm free, I'm free, Happy Holidays, look out MW3, I'm coming home.
On a scale of 1-10, how much do you assess your environment during your day to day business? Could you do something different to be safer?
Thank you, God for hearing our prayers for the East Coast! Even though there was some lives lost it could of been much worst. Love Miracles!
Who runs the cafepress site?
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
There's one boy who is always on my mind : Austin Mahone <U+2665>
hey miss lady!!! How's it goin' over there?!
Rugby is awesome! Rugby ruck is a thai clinch with more than two people! ha!
I certainly will eat crow on this, although with a healthy Varejao and Kyrie I think they pushed close to 30. Good prediction.
Flank steak kabobs with wild rice for dinner. 250 calories only
have you used our Facebook coupon yet?! 2 FREE drinks w/the purchase of any large pizza
Bulls fans + Knicks fans = suicide watch status
i wish! but driving all the way there with would be a nightmare
A Friend Asks For Food While A Best Friend Raids The Fridge
Wish you were here for all the fun ;-)
"Lord, I'm about to make the social scene."- my Dad on being quoted via twitter
shoot me an email with a size request: . Thanks.
Fishing, opera, back to fishing.
haha wear a hat?
Thank god my room is in the back of the house!
next time you in town we will have to go on a date to Orlando's <3
Where the thunder at?slappy bucs..ok #4. What you got?
I'm missing it until later ... But I'm trying not to crack up in public after reading "David Cool!"
Happy Monday! May peace of mind, heart and soul be part of your day...
idk :/ I guess it's their personality or they have some mental disorder :P
girl I'm so serious he was too cute. He wanted me to but moms was with so I couldn't get them digits
Shooting for at tonight! Detroit style crusty cheese dough monsters - O My!
exactly!!!! There r meds 4 her illness that's for sure
Thanks, I think I said it better, though.
the Hoodie concert today!?
It was nice meeting you too! Looking forward to future fun with you and :)
woohoo! :) what part?
well matt and sam are .. you are cause you never texted me .... k
It's b/c part of the set used for the interior exploded while filming so they had to change the rooms around. No one was hurt.
do you read when people tweet you?
Welcome to the family Sandy : Thank you. Joined your FB page.
time to grind in the late night and get this budget done!!! Blessingss!!
No need to! Flexibility and mobility is the name of the game post and pre workout. Dynamic stretching pre and static post
I love your tweets. RT : I was 210 when I was pregnant all ass n tits
especially the year before last, in the playoffs where it looked like he just didnt give a damn..!!
I hate how people can be so careless sometimes.
Our sun dancing is working!
Courtey in a dance competition at navy pier Saturday night
My girl can have it all i don't need a bitch for nothin
Spent my Saturday night doing 3 essays <U+E108> but at least I finished!<U+E404>
hi brian, yeah, we're a bit backed up. you should get the link within the next couple hours. thanks for your patience!
Ikr. I should have moved with you lol. Its too close to home now smh
Side Walk Sale! Today at our Fremont store 11AM-5PM. Treasures from our housewares and whole body back stock.
Where is your favorite place to vacation?
Best way to recover from a fever & sore throat: Juliette Binoche triple feature courtesy of Netflix
Whats the risk if QR being relaced by AR? Lng term viability? RT : What questions do you have for Larry & Kella?
The real PUBLIC ENEMY is MITT ROMNEY. SCOTT WALKER is a ZERO MITT not a HERO. DO THE MATH? That is not SCOTT WALKERS PLAN. NLD Mom/ca. surv.
When does Brady retire? Maybe Gisele will want him home soon for keeps.
Morning love!!
A blog shines when the author goes beyond the common expectations and is brave to talk about everything, now matter how controversial it is.
"through all media to the market". But inbound marketing is about something more specific.
genius. my best friend is a genius.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show tonight!!! We really LOVE the support.
your there?! I was theretoo
We have the best new website! (And it's linked to Twitter!) ubakpsi.org
let's blow up his twitter.
Duluth East's jersey's are atrocious.
Craig and Jackson from Single Screen Records just came and dropped off a bunch of 7" singles and 12" LPS. More local vinyl to come.
yeah, had the viewing for Sandra's mom today.
As bad as it was, as bad as it hurt, I thank God I didnt get what I thought that I deserved, sometimes life leads you down a different road
healing up nicely! Fading more each day. Slathering on the Arnica and putting husband to work on it. <3 I heart you.
what's ulterior
have you completed p90x?
I love my children every second of everyday!
Because there is no such thing as retirement when you're having fun ... and the money doesn't hurt either!
Are you sad to see Rob move to Bismark?
Summer Treat RT :Roof is blooming at One South Van Ness that we helped put in w/ ! Check out these pics(by Mark...
Bicycle-build at The Depot this morning -- to benefit some of our families!
haha, you too? I've went through three of these things. They suck. IPhone, maybe?
I should be put second after god in your life . I'm just saying tho.
Panty stuffing' that's one of my secret fetishes. Not with myself, of course' but I love it with others!
MOVING DAY!!
Hearing the sound of alarms beeping scares the crap out of me
ran into on the street. looks just like his avatar— but no wifi indicator on forehead. maybe just a weak signal, though.
The 69 in my name is the year i was born NOT anything sexual so all those people who follow me with this misconception can now stop
so funny! This is why it's so popular: mylikes
well they retweeted me so it's al good! Haha [:
Good morning. Up and workin' and realizing, dang it's kinda chilly up in huuurrrrrrr.
when people put their signs backwards<<<<<
kill it!!!
maybe Twitter on pg 146 in Wired was on purpose: "To Twitter fans, 140 characters wasn’t a limit but a jumping-off point." -S.Levy
A new high of 108 Jr. High Volleyball Teams are registered for the 2010 League! Once again, we're looking forward to another great season!!
Back in NOLA. Cleaning and getting ready for guests. Also, anyone know much about FrontPage 2003? My New Year depends on it. Thanks.
thanks for the RT!
Guy pushing a stroller with twins wearing matching Burberry hats..Tells me has no money - #stolenchildren or #stolenhats ? only in
wtf are those id have to wear a grinch christmas tree to be matchin wit those on
S/o to my new follower
Have a safe and happy holiday, join us at Jillian's for bowling, billiards & fun! We're open tonight until 2 and we'll reopen tomorrow at 5!
u would make me the worlds happiest girl if you RT reply or follow <3' so happy that I just can't explain it in 150 characters ^.^ :
I'm going home tomorrow, to see my grandma and everyone else in my family. :)
How can one support today's GOP & still profess Christ as their savior? Budgets ARE moral documents & the Ryan budget is immoral.
lmao that sucks!
for happy hour - I can't wait for a delicious burgers and some french fries.
Chilling out to Van Morrison's Moondance thanks to
If these girls don't stfu i'm beating the shit out of them.
Quiet gas generator is an oxymoron. ;)
Q5 I *do* wish, though, my library had better SR incentives for teens and older. That would be nice.
This is the ugliest game I've ever seen. 43-40 with 5:43 to go in the 3rd. #Celtics lead
Hey San Francisco! I need a place to live June 1st. Let me know if you know of anything. <3
so much good new TV. so little time.
I think I'm getting a bruise.
Waco isn't bad at all
I'm ready bro me an been ready to get home an ball
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction. -- William Faulkner
Public sentiment is everything. With public sentiment, nothing may fail. Without it, nothing could succeed.
i am retarded mark you should know that really. What can i say I'm a caveman
The Girl's a Straight-Up Hustler - All Time Low
Dylan's applying there
hadn't heard about it. Had no idea it was going on.
Midtown too!! RT Fighter jets so close they sound like they're buzzing your building is mos def [a] perk.
Friday night. Alone. Hungry. And final exams. #wapow!
Praying for good weather this weekend to get in some much needed runs!
about died when he mentioned putting whip inside frap's to make them fuller...I've so done that! :) our life at work in song.
Texas State's Anne Marie Taylor (Waltrip HS) was named College Sports Madness Player of the Week.
OPEN HOUSE! TODAY from 2-4pm at 1125 NE DEAN ST.
Have fun gorging! Eat a french fry for me!
Good morning folks! Feeling awesome today! I'm kicking my diet up and gonna cut all sugar out! Just 1 dinner diet coke!
The only thing that separates us from zombies is the man-eating thing with us as a people is only figurative LOL
Can you stop being so annoying with your tweets right now?
Tedski--You are really into ridiculous comparisons. Your moral equivalencies are absurd.
Jan is National Mentoring Month. We are looking for 1:1 and group mentors for 2012. Join us! for more.
I feel like a gypsie! Fa lalalalalalalallala I gotta pop! To much coffee!
When you miss someone you're not supposed to.
The ladies r rocking! Go #Chessa loving it!
So tricky, those pseudonyms.
Looking at apartments in Amsterdam....planning a potential visit. , you should come along as well!
I actually did write something for that but I'll try and rework it for something that would be read by the public and not just me
And black finger nail polish.
#recruitinginnovation - Employers are integrating LinkedIn and Facebook to their Job Application part of website
thanks! it's getting there. Slowly, but surely.
Excellent customer service from Theresa - highly recommend!
and me
“: Kobe sick! he killed his team tonight. How does it feel to get Gamed Mr. Bryant? Get Blake TF out my face!” game was good tho
I guess cuz its friday everyone is horny? Smh
Society gives us a v. Small set of reasons to go to a museum. Can we create new needs?
there have been price changes in the recent macbook & macpro lines but they have been marginal, a couple hundred at most
Come down and start your night at Deja Vu Showgirls tonight! FREE beer FREE Limo rides!! Hookah and and beautiful women to keep you company!
thankful to have made it back to Houston just in time for my emergency root canal!
#sandwichmeinchicago is a new restaurant in #lakeview serving you delicious sandwiches and homemade drinks- check us out!
In the coming months we will have furniture from over 50 name brand manufacturers. New website is on the way. We will save you money!!
ha! Yep, slow on the uptake. Loved Glee. Nene retweeted me! I'm such a dork.
hey guys! we cant wait! its gonna be so fun! and we can't wait to meet you guys too!
you are the bomb in "Scandal". So happy for you and am a big fan!!
HOW DO WE KNOW Y'ALL AREN'T PULLING AN #aprilfools JOKE ???? :b
as long as it cant see through clothes
Home to #phoenix tonight! Ready for some friends and family time!
its goodmorning text time ..
I'm still recovering from turning in grades--a week ago. Trying to muster the energy to write again after very long layoff
#itgetsmemad when I see guys treat girls bad.
That one time we had to abruptly stop practice in the middle of a song so one of us didnt shit themselves.
Anyone gotten #salesforce #chatter to work on #blackberry torch? Hung on blue logo entry screen
I wish I had a car .
Watching Monsters Vs. Aliens
sadly no ): but ill have one someday!:D then you can try it out :D
I agree
<3 you are awesome.
RT : Billie Holiday's "Strange Fruit" was seen as a premier catalyst and protest song for Civil Rights://ow.ly/alg8W...
Work in a museum or like them? Follow #MW2012 and #MuseSocial this week for interesting and thought provoking tweets. Pls RT
These old dudes talkin about cialis at the gym haha
of course
If your company is interested in being interviewed and linked to on my blog, send me an email at
Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
Killlllllin my chest today before the weekend :D
Charles being Charles lol
#justinbieber coming to #nyu stern? avoid that shit like the plague.
you are amazing :-D
Maybe I'm too late to be your first. But right now, I'm preparing myself to be your last.
I'm putting it out there--this will be the only Nugget win!
Just got my Spring Coach bag and now you tempt me with your #EditorPreviews for fall. Time to start saving again!
The wise learn from the mistakes of others, instead of judging them!
Saturday Night Live <3
Yes there is, watching an Eagles game @ a bar w my Vick jersey on & having someone come up 2 U telling U 2 google Ron Mexico.
WET FRIDAY NIGHTS ARE NOW Republic Nightclub call CHIRS 915-999-9696 TONIGHT with your POWER 102
Advanced Mailing Services ~ serving the Albuquerque, New Mexico area since 1992. Call and put us to work for your team! 505-899-3104
and you liked it.
Thoroughly deserved.
sold like 5 Dumbfounded tickets in like 30 minutes !
dangit I thought you actually got tattoos removed :(
At The Gym
Just barely witnessed a lady almost go up the wrong side of the escalator! I was waiting for
you make me want you.
if you didn't get a chance to make it to this, come to our event the 22nd! More details to come!
y'all need to get on the road!!!
I can't stand Howard Stern but I like him on here
I forget that everyone does not have a smart phone -__- (why)
Got to volunteer at the today! Lots of new stock getting priced and up on the shelves.
Worst day I've had in a while.
lol yea well thts been my emotion for the past couple of day. Sometimes a couple rainy days are needed. =p
do you mean indeterminate sentencing?
baron davis dislocated his knee..
I really hate doing laundry. I am going to have a robot who does it for me when I get rich
Thank you for the RT! Are you a teacher and/or an entrepreneur?
Im so sad becuse did not talk to me yesterday and my sister did not talk to me
Trying to get all dolled up and out of my apartment to go club hopping.
If you're in #Indianapolis for a #swimming #diving or #volleyball event, we may have your camera. Describe it to bartender. Plz RT.
dominating performance by Pool. Kuyt MOTM by a mile
Thinking spin class this eve...
looking forward to mentoring ! defining your customer & creating value important for nonprofits & for-profits alike.
going to review Queen course to ground myself. all women of all ages should take their courses.
thank u :)
And yet I'm still tired as hell and need more sleep
The body of the exalted Lord is a visible body in the shape of the church: Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship
Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom is 40 years old today <3 I was gonna go today but I guess not :c
#comm605 - FYI - I just presented a strategic plan to the university community.
it's just some of the tweets that I read on here haha.
State of Appnation Rountable about to kick off. Session M, Mayfield Fund
Great service on bitterness. Great to be back in cold CO to hang out with family! Next stop: our traditional Egg and I brunch YUM
Big things coming :)
all but two.. Points and turnovers.
First time ever! Jack DeJohnette, CHICK COREA, & Stanley Clark, Catalina Bar & Grill on West Sunset in Hollywood. May 15-20. Be there!
The great gift of the human imagination is that it has no limits or ending. - Jim Rohn
Why did Luck's jersey say #12 and not #1? Jim Irsay is an idiot.
RT “: It's Follow Friday. Think I can make it to 450 today? dare I shoot for 475? #FF Come on folks, lend a gal a hand.” Ditto!
it would make me feel 10x better if you followed me. I had a rough week. I love you handsome :)
I'm trying to go see a movie today
I'm sure my platitudes don't offer much help but I'm sending you positive energy anyway. Try and stop me! Uunh! Take it! ;)
Let's go Grizz !!!
lol of your running shoes xD
fuck it lol im sticking to what i said
Congratulations to Steve Loftis! He was awarded the Spirit of Community Award last night at the Annual Chamber Dinner! Well deserved!!
Children exposed to x-rated content every day at click of a button...& parents don't even know it. How to protect ur kids, Tonight 10, TMJ4
It was a tough choice but the right one Nicole.. keep up the great work!
Soy un unicornio ;;) y soy feliz ;;)
Claps Hands Alright You Happy You Got Some Fame?
I don't consider them as 'one night stands', they're more like auditions.
Had a headache since this morning
Bed time, Burgundy out.
will appear on The Reggie Gay Show tonight at 8:00pm on TV 57 comcast channel 2! www.reggiegay.com/
Free this Sunday (Mom's Day, though), next Sun I'm in Nebraska. Definitely available on 27th. You?
why the fuck didnt u call me
That moment when ur on ur twitter and u see a cute boy so ur like omg I'm gonna follow u then u blow up his picture and ur like WTF...EWW!!!
Hola, Great connecting with you on all things
Thanks for connecting.
.... Follow me maybe? :P retweet me maybe? ^_^ Tweet me maybe ? :) I think i can #BELIEVE ^^ 37
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I can't speak but I can understand words.
Ol lady in front got ass fordayz
#StepBrothers I remember my first beer
All I gotta say is that it feels good to be a lifelong #Orioles fan these days...
if i had a dollar for everytime my boss kids play #OneDirecion i'll be rich..
Hi all! I want 2 wish you a healthy, happy & prosperous 2012. Thx 4 following & watch for updates about the "Living Fit With Brendan" show.
Just saw the biggest and nastiest spider I've ever seen crawl across my bathroom floor. I don't know where it went.
Who left me outta the fridge again?
Terrific product, by the way. I just picked up Mac version after using iPhone and iPad for the last week. Ubiquitous capture!
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Im glad to support you! You're a great speaker so I'm sure many people left w/a deeper understanding of the issues
I second that! #gettingdownonsaturday RT It's gonna be a crazy good weekend.
Who wants to make 500 to 1,000 dollars a week from home without selling anything... No nudity involved (yes this is real)
Aloha :) RT : "After learning something random, we often see it everywhere - This is known as the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon."
yeah she has, sometimes an uncomfortable conversation.
I love going to sleep in a good mood <3 <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> #goodnight !
No Matter What You Can NEVER Say You Dont Love Your Mom
Crowds at UO were pretty light when we were walking out at noon. Weather is good. Crowds will get bigger towards Macy's time.
Judges who are reversed should have to wear a sign that says "I'm a dumbass."
Ran a 5k, daughter made lunch, took my Mom to a movie, McBob's Reubens for dinner and Survivor finale. Mother's Day is AWESOME.
Ugh, a major? Goodbye season
I was going to say the same thing. #juicycontent cc
Residents are filing in...
haven't seen it yet. If you say its good, then its good.
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a duck.
Hey ! Glad we could help out w/ #smcsac. We'll be using this account to promote all of our restaurants. Hope you'll follow. ;)
Going pretty great. I gave myself Nebula-nails on one hand and some other random pattern on the other.
make me
Initial reaction is: 'The parking lot', 'your living room'; both fine peanut free zones.
Nice little afternoon at
OMG are they dating again? ;)
Does this mean gas prices will go down?
bn grinding 4 the past 3 ours & haven't had my 1st cup of #coffee yet. Time 2 remedy that problem ASAP!!! wht's gd ppl? Holla!!!
thanks man, great talking to you. Excited to see how Deja expands!
Snellville. Where Everybody's proud to be Somebody.
GO IU!! FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!
Yesterday was a wonderful birthday! Thanks to everyone who made it so!
If you're a Spoken Word artist (poet) with a video I have a channel dedicated to that on IVCTV.NET. Send video link to
I know right they betta stop Hatin on him show love to 6.
Today is a big day 4 me I'm so excited and if any of u ask its not my birthday
looking forward to it
That's cuz is always nice to me and doesn't talk smack.
Having fun at the gym, but I need a buddy.
Thank you so much for following literally singing your song glow :) #muchlove thank you girl :)
:) that's why i'll always come back to you.
what about u
Just untangled headphones one handed, way harder than I thought
my cousins
The world's perfect food...#Chocolate!
Yeah, I agree she was very sneaky.
not a problem!
We want to thank all the folks who has come out to the shows so far!! Day 7 of the tour starting tomorrow night with cheers!
In the TARDIS enjoying my Friday
has the BEST swag bag!! Can't wait 4 tomorrow!
what 10 are better? It's ok, we can fly under the radar. Brewers are better then last years team.
You can become a Passion party rep. Make extra money by partying on the side! work when you want, as often as you want
oh yeah I can imagine. :)
No one...and I mean NO ONE wants to see a
Watching true grit with my dad. I wish was here :(
#ThatFellingYouGetWhen the cute newkid tells you he has a crush on you! :]
My thoughts and prayers are with those who lost their lives and everyone at Virginia Tech.
Happy holidays to all our fans and followers! Thanks for making 2011 such a wonderful year.
Just missed meeting Dr. Paul. Maybe the Ipad would be a good consolation prize. Nice discussion with Grace Quinn.
Follow my real account BTR fans ----->
Enjoyed the #SuperTuesday commentary
that's where I got my car and truck!
what's wrong with your hands dude? Probably
I need that book I need it. I need it I only got up to chapter 5 and kayla took it back cause she had to turn it back in <U+2639>
I've been looking for a guy like you.. <3
I hope Rachel's audition is awesome
What is possible/On this grey #haikumonday?/Only warm dumplings.
Stay calm, the answers will come
Liked story about the Facebook campaign they did to expand retail presence
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
are you getting stuff on iMessage from some email?
"For Valentine's Day, I'm going to do nothing. But the next day, I'm going to buy all the discount chocolates I like. ;)"
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I wish you would listen to me.
“: Some must follows for you ” Thanks
Having fun recording new music. Music post coming soon!
Well behaved woman rarely make
Showtime y'all! Waterfront --> Delavan
Fantastic: would love to use them and a pic of her in a blog entry!
Good morning <U+2600>thanku God for another beautiful day<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
has to take Jerry Rice off sportscenter. It is gut wrenching to watch a legend struggle to articulate himself like this.
the only animals I can draw are giraffes and zebra unicorns
RT : Waiting for the judge's decision now in the #FreeTonyTiger case. Stay tuned!
i love how you're always there and you mean so much to me, i DONT regret meeting you not one but because your're so special.
Watched the tribute to Brad McCrimmon and thought about how fragile and short life is.
Send your resume to and we will set up an interview (maybe today if you're free!) - thanks
hey wats up
or you say if life hands you lemons you say fuck the lemons and bail!
I don't but I knew some people in Tucson who did. They regularly drove across US/MX border, and used card for that.
Lmao RT : I just talked to f#kin Tony Hawk!!!! What!!!! The God.
2oz of Zaya rum ;) makes it the best in town! RT : Need something to look forward to on Mondays? Our MIDNIGHT MOJITOS 1/2 off
TY for the follow. I think I'm about to learn some interesting new things from you and your twitter friends.
Fucking left my shirt for work at home.... #really?! Great start to the day.
I Love new stuff is amazing & 's vocals are fucking outta bounds incredible,Tarcy ain't got nothing on him. <33
I have high expectation on boys and I can't seem to decrease it.
Back to describing the street scene..a building4 lease,doggies on a leash,a man selling Ts,bums hanging out in allies,cops in their Caprice
daily #homeschool tip: kinetic learners achieve stillness sitting on/in moving objects; so teach in a swing, train, car, bus, horse, boat..
Things are good here as well. And I'm betting on you making yours great.
...look at you tweeting like nothing happened lol.
Best of luck with your shitty situation
Fuck your imagination.
what's the most interesting place you have ever been to & why? Mine is Barcelona for Gaudi of course :-)
The world never promised to be fair, but it's done its level best to be sweet.
"This goes out...to all my twiggaz in the struggle...you know what I'm saying?"
Coming out on Facebook...
haha do it! It's nice here right now! you guys can stay at my place haha.
Stupid book<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> #ofmiceandmen #sobbing #poorlennie ... And the puppy:( ugh. But seriously. That was really sad :/
Cheese Lovers brace yourselves for this flavour explosion! Our Triple-Cheese Tomato Pizza will blow you away!
We do not present as evidence either, but it is important to share experiences to go with clients own documentation over time
same thing happened to me last week
it's worse now, the phone just continues to restart itself. no service.
Pittsburgh its been real thank you everyone at duquesne for one hell of a freshman year wouldn't change anything
fuck you talking about he still does that every game all giddy and shit w/ wade like they just bought candy
I didn't watch this week but two weeks ago thought that Colvin sp? guy was really good!!
What they, say bout you ain't true There's no me if there is no you I hope, that you understand You got to respect yourself before I can
they don't cover anything?
Shannon was just in 2009. But a new Campbell McGrath book is always an occasion!
dude it took me like 6 months of ignorance but I finally figured out where you got that sample for Pinky....genius.
It appears that only people with iPhones go to see Objectified.
my dad almost put me out the house growing up for playing do what you wanna do.
Tia’s is now booking patio parties for the 2011 season. Tia's accommodates parties of 30 - 500 on the patio. To book call 857-488- 5387
Shoutout to for the #FollowFriday love. Let's do the same for him.
shut the hell up
“You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight” Jim Rohn
replied to email.
Found it! Whew! Let the church say Amen! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT : Retweet if your team just swept the Red Sox, have the best record in baseball, and are 1st place in the AL East.
Really? How do you know me?
Tonight for the All Star Game and Every Tuesday night. $3 UFO and Harpoon I.P.A Drafts. Also $5 Jameson Drinks. Come by game starts at 8pm.
God gave me you for the ups and downs..
Hahahaha! I ate two glazed last night. Halfway through the second one I yelled, "Hell yes!" Hahahaha. :)
delayed response.. Thanks for watching...yes sad story
wait!! What'd I miss?? Convertin,? Boobies out? Damn...sounds like fun. Oh yeah..u said cookies too?
RATCHET CITY!!! That's myself, and new juke track we made!
Haha okay, we'll just wait and see what happens!
ok then?
Home early thanks to babe (:
I wonder if they will say it was #Roids or #Concussions as the cause of depression/suicide
This morning's lecture: "A Short History of Chamber Music from 46800 BCE to 1700 CE."
make sure you allocate a slush fund for all those long and boozy lunches chairs must take!
can we re-write these rules? I think we have to.
Headed to San Diego for Than Merrill & Fortune Builders Marketing & Wholesaling Event. Was given the opportunity to come up on stage and...
I'm in San Fran working and watching HGTV. Will be in NY early October for brokerage visits.
hey thanks so much to my newest followers!! U da best!!!
A sale from Burbank, CA! That's where JAY LENO is. Jay...Leno. Jay Leno.
Was that shortlist ever announced?
I have found life a delightful, enchanting, active, and at some time frightening experience, and I've enjoyed it thoroughly.
Wow-you really did manage to come off as conceited AND desperate all at once. I didn't know that could happen! Well played!
MT : Steve King says interns would come back "in tears" when they couldn't find a regular light bulb. #weirdoffice << scary
good morning jeremy
Thank you so much Daniella! I feel so happy right now! will tweet you someday! You're very legendary! :)
You'd think at least on MTV2. But no. Bam Margera. I really can't believe how bad they're dropping the ball here.
Good Deeds was very good. Haven't had the pleasure of seeing a great inspirational movie in such a long time
Now THAT is a piece of Art!
Look out for Anthony Lewis cover to, "Boyfriend" coming soon! You ready?
you're a fag.
Without fail, I'm *always* surprised to see familiar faces on Pinterest. I keep forgetting it's another social network.
Got a fellowship to come so they're putting me up in the hotel for free. Just wished I didn't have to pay for the internet :(
"Take every chance, drop every fear. <U+2665>"
Yates stock go up enough that you cut Leinart as backup QB to Schaub?
A contrast sensitivity test can help your eye doctor determine if you have a vision problem that can't be detected with a regular eye chart.
Dude! Get in there and give 'em a piece of your mind. "Pardon, I couldn't help but to overhear..."
whats up blood
Sad Davie Bowie is huge in Japan.
: Our foundation can lend a hand in your fight against bullying! We've been helping kids for years!
so the city will be $2 million in the hole after this year? why is the race supposed to make the city $$$?
My boss sounds the way I would imagine Speedy Gonzales wife to sound like.
New playlist option on IVCTV.NET All videos from EACH SECTION now displayed below the screen.
I just taught the Didache. it condemns abortion and infanticide.
haha, just spit my coffee out
Madison's Hardest Trivia hits Thursday at 9pm. It's free, it's fun and it's backed by PBR, which you can drink from 16oz cans
Agreed, but those aren't Priority Items just yet. Need Scofflaw buzz to die down. Marbles ain't going anywhere either.
#SaySomethin made me cry, idk why. I'm just shocked and proud <3 (:
what up man...
Who won for best drama movie??!?
This is the lazer.
RT "Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon." - Alexander Pope
Any friends out there who are playing MW3 and would like to join a clan? Lemme know!
Hahaa... judging from the colors you're 1/5 step into the season. Did you do your own nails?
Who cares if Cher's son used to be a woman? How can people be aggressive about a thing like this?
an inevitable occurrence? man, i dunno if i want to see your "rites of passage" life infographic ;P
First time authors (not self-pub) I'd like to interview you on my blog & maybe have publisher do giveaways. Interested?
Interesting....very.....in.ter.est.ing....
where do I e mail snippets to?
people with face tats are dumb as fuck
word that's what's up, who you got in the playoffs man??
OK i don't care what you think do what you like not a big deal just get the F**k off my case ;/
Congrats mama!!!! xo
you hear about it's closing down.
I just wanna see you strip.
At Starbucks #complicated orders
ugh I need to stop feeding my dog human food, but I caaaaaaannnttt.
RT : Gettin ready to meet with (Guess who I'm getting ready to meet. ;) )
Dylan not to worry. Let it Be. Foodsmart is on your side! Peace and Love!
you are crazy.
Metta world peace? What kind of shit is that!? That name makes me want to punch a baby.
you shouldve just came to fuse today! we sneakily hung out with them from outside!
thats just plan sad, same things MLS soccer went through in the 90s, takes time to grow. NBA helps the WNBA , MLS Man up!
Things of great worth are mined from the earth
Dying hair takes too long. -_-
I fuck like You want to fuck.
releasing new art work for the new collection soon ... ! *thinks of date*
HaPpY SaTuRdAy night everyone!
The recent global phenomenon has thrown industries into a competitive flux.
my only complaint with redbox is there aren't enough kiosks! there should be a couple on every street corner!!! ;) :D
Playen wormz with my family peeps
and did you guys hear the new aguilera single? oh right,it was the national anthem ;)
One down one to go. #Tribe takes the 8-2 win over the Twins. Hard to believe this is the last weekend for Indians baseball this season.
haha right?! That was an awful few weeks.. Appreciate you/Momma Spengler!
I want to go to Strawberries!
All I hear coming out of all my teacher's mouths today is blah.. B-blah..... BLAH.
IN THE KITCHEN COOKIN NEW PIECES FROM IN THE WORKS!!! MIXER JULY 10, 2011 7P
"No skinny dipping this weekend!" - advice from the homeless guy on the corner
Maybe he could appear via holgram at his jersey retirement. Easier for everyone.
#sometimesyouhaveto take risks
Thanks, Fam. May peace, productivity, prosperity, and purpose fill your life! Pressing forward.
"Were we now to fall / to our stubborn knees"
When you can hear everybodys phone vibrating in a silent class
Yep! I think that last time was the coffee shop on ¿Peoria?
On my way to The Mint
you need to come to OU
My girl got the bars on Temple Run lol
Cris Carter put bounty on guys,I thought the league is trying to protect recievers.?
Changes coming to the website - even some video interviews! Yeehaw!
Only outdone by the Chevy commercial so far
you just keep getting cuter mr man!!
I try to keep my balance but I still fall. But how do I fall so hard, right into your arms?
Really helpful #chartership chat. Thanks for all the great suggestions from everyone. Until next time :)
Good thing no one in Iran has mobile phones, am I right?
Do you understand when gottlieb speaks? lol
Per StatCounter May 2011 report, mobile browsers: Opera 1st at 22%, Android replaced iPhone in 2nd place.
": OKC better be leading"<<> they won
Watching glee again because my two favorite boys sing and !!!! I love dvr
Basketball wives
ok I'll be there in alittle
Just swallowed a bug and choked at a major intersection
Cool. Show up anytime (esp if you need an office to work out of!) You know my number right?
What's the latest on #ece #earlyed today?
Love the feeling after a workout !
Anybody thinking about picking up Lollipop Chainsaw?
if I mail in a notebook or moleskine, will you scan it?
the office. All day.
Hmm what to eat?? Maybe ill run hm real quick and cook some fish and veggies
That is full of win right there.
3 C's Of Life _Gotta Make A Choice 2 Take A Chance Or Ya Life Will Neva Change
After my date orders, I always tell the waiter "Nothing for me..I'll be eating later" Then wink at my date & raise my eyebrows suggestively!
Ahh, I see u already are a SS user. Great! You can download the Outlook plugin from their homepage and try it out.
Taking some pictures of my red before i have to take them off.
Happy Easter
Thanks for the #FF! I'm flattered.
Fuck'n all dem lame niggas dats pussy I don't need...
In therapy, Gabrielle Giffords was shown a pic of Arnold Schwarzenegger, and she responded: "Messin' around. Babies." LOL! amazing.
Bought fifty dollars worth of cocaine. So worth it.
Yes MS Word, I promise that "performative" is a word. Now excuse me while I perform frustration at your unacademicness.
Hey my NFL Peeps wats up get at yo boy if u feel like this FUCK RODGER GODELL THAT PUSSY AINT SHIT
I'm w/ you, except I've been officially Pavloved.
Padres were a favorite tonight? The hell?
Happy Birthday!
65-63 Cards, Grant ball, .43 sec to go.... WOW
My calculations say roughly $0.17 per day or $62 per year.
My costume was a walk of shame last night and now i actually have to play the role of it.
hahaha there isn't much I watch but the Internet has like every show :D lol
Good mornings bring good things
Does anyone have any videos from the show on saturday?
This has worked for me. RT : visibility outside dept=sponsor cld put you fwd for Faculty or University level cmte
These texts I'm Getting right Now. WTF?! ahaha. Females these days. Smh -___-
Meg was about to get her first line of the show and that bitch went to commercial lol
which do you like: Columbus Kings or Columbus Royals?
Did the same thing once pocket went free. Clearly a winner.
That was a good movie
RT One of my favorites > RT : I can do all this through him who gives me strength. -Philippians 4:13
Ur welcome - think it will be really useful for a client of mine when we embed your form on his site due to go live this week
We know, right?! 493 Flat Shoals Ave. All we need now is an italian bakery (COMING SOON!)
thanks for all of the support to Maryland Voices and Cool Blue Souls!
Crazy Flipper Fingers top combo of the week is Whirlwind, so we've set it to 25 cents! Dr Dude and Party Zone are also 25 cents @ Slabtown.
Legalize it!
Or maybe just pay my bills. Yes<3
love the new Lifepointe building design!
Strength is often the ability to say "No" to things that would hinder you from accomplishing your major purpose in life.
Started the day with a fire alarm at our office. Luckily the fire dept. came and declared a false alarm. What a way to start the week!
I met with someone at IUPUI as well...and I'm definitely exploring my options. Thanks!
I know some people don't like CWebb as a color guy but I think he is fantastic...very underrated.
oh papers - why do you keep coming?
Niggaaa those where the same ones thr were strip searching a car yesterday on 137 & 58 st crayyy
2 things to consider: 1. big active forum 2. make sure its relevant.
Sup Bruh it Trac hit me. Let's get it in
omg my dad wants LLBean stuff too!! So funny
The crew at have an interview up with Tyshawn Sorey and are giving away copies of Oblique-I. Contest ends Friday Dec. 16th.
I know they're about 2 try & Jump me... They don't know that I'm taking my "Stick" with me! (<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096> The Word of God) Lol!
Great list of "Things you need to do before 2012" by I'd add: Celebrate ends & beginnings & Appreciate all the good of 2011!
Thinking needs to offer some late night post-practice classes during May for those of us stuck at the track ;)
Mark-Paul Gosselaar is a terminally boring actor in
Slept through the whole day :L
Girl. I feel for.you. I will not be traveling this weekend. B/c of it
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having, a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
oops my bad haaha
Watching movies not made in HD on HD TVs <<<<<<<<<<<<
I swear I saw an exorcism and witchcraft on stage when Nicki Minaj was performing!
Bout to watch so movies
#twitterblackout Don't do around taking what I say away.
Super happy to be wearing my expensive but ridiculously comfortable (without compromising style) peep toe heels today.
Follow Us For Live Jazz in DC!
A Musical Legacy tickets still available! Hurry! Make your reservations for this amazing FREE concert!
Home for a week = cliché tweets exclusively. "Families are all crazy!" "Bra shopping sucks!" etc.
I can hear them calling me a skank. lol
I liked when they asked what we were showing, got bored 1/2way thru my explanation & walked away
I'm so fucking bored
rain rain go away...and don't come back!
RT: "researchers have a shiny new hammer and they are trying to hit as many nails as they can with it"
. Any length that's convenient for you--as short as 30 seconds to a minute, but from : "You can't film too much."
Thanks for the mention!
I'm pretty sire Zack Morris will always have my heart!
OPEN MIC TONIGHT! Tix are free w/ a two-item minimum! 8PM!
Cant Wait For the KCA's 2012
Wake up
I Just Saw A Racoon Outside That's Not Cool... That Means It Haves Rabies
I just cnt Flexx Wit a Shawty wit ugly hands and Feet and a wack ass shoe game
MKT's adaptive Headlamps change direction based on steering angle
Hope you all are calling your ex employers w/ new address info so you can get your W2s on time....
Just needed the go ahead! I am on it!! LOL!
I just saw a SmartCar covered in Palin/Tea Party stickers...what a contradiction.
Thank god it's the dorm bed instead of your actual bed.. And I would but I gotta take my car to the shop and work tomorrow :(
Just going to sit back today, hopefully no one test me. Not in the mood to hold my tongue .
I dont talk shit over twitter for you fucking clowns that think i do.
This is why you are still married.
Yay! An errant academic paper has finally found a home in a collection on medieval book technology!
#Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live! #FWM ((a
Nice way to get a follower too lol.
Oh No! Lol...you are old
YESH! It was Amaazing! Des is literally the best person ever. He is just so great <3
That would have been even better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Didn't think you were like that
I think I'll do all my shopping after sunset.
RT : Install “Pin” buttons on your blog for easier pinning and use them to pin from your site
i just wish i could've forgave you, i made a big mistake.
We have some great new group classes starting early march. They'll be full body workouts for time. Woo Hoo...
Session today \^O^/
Whoa! Strong earthquake in San Francisco.
NOTE: Suspects in the College Grove Mall attempted ATM theft did NOT make off with the cash machine, as being reported by several outlets
The Rachel cocktail moment tonight was the best yet.
watch this. Hey David there's a quarter on the ground.
Came to pick up the cake for Larissa's #BridalShower, and they made the wrong cake !?!
A minor issue necessitated that I record a recent gig at a professional studio. What a refreshing experience to *just* be an actor again!
how so?
I don't even like the little fishes touching me!
More hail downtown!
Dear : Do you intend to compensate me for the use of my image for your profile?
that's cold man...Lol.
Yup! You already know! RT : Good talkn to my dog
Good year SC, turn your shit in after the game.
RT "A New Year Doesn't Start In January; It Starts In You."- Obed Carias
Whoever said "Life sucks and then you die" clearly never heard of spoilers!
I Want Yall To Hate To Fuel My Fire..
Injecting Poison Into Your Brain-Jeff Walker justsmellsogood.com Click here and learn www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
At times I wish I could change the past...but sometimes the past changes you.
We are back home. Thanks!
jealous! I signed up for the beta but didn't get in. It's a great app. The syncing is amazing I'm sure.
These people are amazing! !
bummer. no ala midwinter or ala annual in 2012 for me. i hate to miss collabing with my library folks, but times are tuff.
it was good seeing you today (:
If you're a bird, I'm a bird. For the damn birds... Watching the notebook with
I SEEN IT
RT : Discovering statistics using R (by me) is officially published today. I haven't had a copy but it's out.
Thank you so much!
In laying out an online portfolio of design work - how many slides is just too much 10? 20? 50? When would you get bored?
Today we celebrate Dr. King, who taught us not to judge others ‘by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.’
was it in his underwear? or was it his underwear
If GA legal system won't deliver justice SCOTUS MUST.
wats up guys imma be on for a while so anyways who wants to chat?
You should consider changing your name to "Heavenly Cheesecake" because that's what it is!
first pro mrkt deal for wilson, replace old school hard line for multiple cell phones.
Omg thy are gettin ready to discharge me from the hospital!!! And when i get out im gonna go straight for The first to see!<U+2764>
Great to meet yesterday with for fundraising advice re: Pando! What a tease to meet at Pret a Manger but not eat anything...
Malcolm= brightly colored t shirt, same gray sweat shirt, and the same jeans
Big save by Feenstra to break up the Blast attack.
15 days until i'm 15
If you're in the Crescent City tonight, tune in to Future Focus channel 8 @ 9pm for my interview with the one and only Trombone Shorty
Guys from the FD. THANKS so Much for the donation. Just opened the envelope. I hate get emo'd. It means a lot. Bill
"Come Morning" is coming to a theater near you, soon. Don't forget about Camera, Speed...ACTION! Now at Amazon.
Have fun over there in Chicago! I heard you are expecting a huge audience. Cya back in NYC Monday or Tuesday.
Woohoo!!! home from vacation!
can I take you to an Orioles game on May 11?
Lmao Daddy Dumb Ass !
were you from
This Monster Golf place is kinda scary... It's too much for me right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I just now realized that I didn't watch The Event last night. Score! I'll watch tonight and will be that much closer to next episode!
shwoopdiefuckingdooda! just remembered glee comes back on tonight. hell yeah, don't bother me.
So whose gonna be at reggae fest tomorrow?
Hm RT : RT : "Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality." - Brian Tracy
cue outrage and complaints in 3, 2,.....
When my friend comes to find me in class and one of the girls are like "shes prob not coming back" with an attitude get the fuck!!!!!
U have 2 create the course of ur own destiny & not let chance determine ur direction-
on a scale from 1-10 my hatred towards brazilians right now is at a 20
yeah good point with the contract. Cant afford decent free agents with the contract booze has. Will be an interesting offseason
Let me know if you don't get the confirmation email and we'll look into it.
Hey guys! Havent been on much. But I'm on now. So what have you guys been up to?
I hate how fast people can disappear from your life. One minute it's like they're always there, then you don't even talk. It's so weird.
Not crazy, just social :)
YW! Thx4 sharing ideas about #gamification & business innovation on Twitter
Hurrah! Happy New Sock Day to you! :)
just wish people would let me live my life the way I want to live it
Tears is the only way how my eyes speak when my mouth cant explain how things made my heart broken.
We're looking forward to participating this year. After hearing much about the entries, we can't wait to choose a script.
Alpha-1 Symptoms: Non-responsive asthma or year-round allergies, Unexplained liver problems elevated liver enzymes, #charity, alpha1
haha. I text u when the arbitration is done... Happy to see you.
tired tony.
I wish there was a Beyond the Glory special for my trip to the grocery store or zoo
you inspire me! you saved me today!
Haha. Yes you can.
THAT IS NOT MY STEP DAD
my cat scares the shit out of me whenever he paws at my toes
Oh that's cool
whatta you think Igg? Are we getting overexcited with delusions of 08 or does this team really have a shot? I think they might.
I may be the only 1 who's never seen 1 episode of this friggin' show!
I know you will be! Been itchin to get out there! :)
Just because her eyes dont tear does mean her heart wont cry....
Heard earlier today, finally able to read. Deep, precisely bc you have worked w 100s of campaigns nationwide. Effective Ben
I'm having a great birthday so far. Had a delicious lunch at Parm today and excited for some tasty desi food tonight. Blessed.
New CandySwipe® update available in the android market to help prevent crashes after playing multiple games.
How did the dodgeball tournament go?
RT I hate gossip. Ask anyone.
Thank you #MLA12: there will a session "Zombie Modernism" this year. Watch yer brains if you dare attend.
"Like a tenacious child we were born, born to be wild ... we're gonna climb so high we're never gonna die" -- STEPPENWOLF, Born To Be Wild
dudes, we have any update on Curtis Lofton? Hawks or no Hawks, haven't heard anything since yesterday afternoon
I wanna be noticed, followed , or at least be Rt, by 1 member of One Direction .
Ehh. I just can't get around the fact that you would be cheering the guy for beating your team.
i just watched a dog open a door.
Thanks to for having me speak to chapter about mar-com campaign today. Key slides coming to blog soon.
Haha ctfu over here!! Look at her
I offended myself tonight. I will no longer be doing Tourette Syndrome material. I'm taking on a less touchy subject...politics.
OKC is too athletic, too young, too deep, and are consistent shooters.
Gambian tyrant, Yahya Jammeh won a flawed election on Onvember 24th. The opposition rejected the vote.
Watching v for vendetta.
Katy Perry ^-^
Happy Easter everyone! Get faded!
Time goes by 5 times slower when you don't have power
Insane. It's great to be passionate fan, but things like this are just so pathetic. End of the day...it's just a game.
MONEY NEVA STOP COMING MY WAY
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
dolma christmas party!
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.
So tired but can't sleep
You talkin bout poppin off your mouth or what's in your hand?
good excuse to go flirt?!
haha dude it's pretty legit. Record it!
thanks a vosotras!
Volt staffing has sales of $450 million in the second quarter, compared to $393 million a year ago in the same period.
Purple haze got my head in the clouds...
Guess I'll be going to the movies with my home boy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Something I thought I'd never say: I'd be shocked if Tiger Woods makes the cut this week at The Players.
Things I like about research: Thinking about something over and over until you realize.: holy crap that is awesome
Its gonna be a crappy day tomorrow:/ I guess im going with yoga pants
There's a reason that i unfollowed. ((:
In case you missed it: Central Florida rebranded in 2007 when they dropped the "Golden" from their name, becoming the "UCF Knights".
- We love you, I L<3VE YOU, everyone loves you? x
De que parte de Colombia ?
Black beans are full of magnesium-which helps your muscles to function.
Congratulations on the release of your sophomore album!
vote vote vote vote for justinbieber do it or die
Nobody can change me :D
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do
Realtors please follow me to get up to 50% Commission on your referral to Dallas Texas and Park Cities area. call me at 469-682-2540
Tony Plohetski: windows blown out of some downtown Houston skyscrapers.
Ducks go 3 and out after the turnover, OSU gets it back up 2, 19-17.
hi lol u added an extra R in my name :p
thanks! So glad you liked it.
really? He's always telling me to smile more. I thought I should peek in his office and give him a bright, sunny HI!
Kylie Minogue Aphrodite CD Release Party Friday July 16th. To get in FREE TXT names of u & ur guests to: 7034073810
Great to hear!
wait it can b an iconic boy right?
Why are those “easy open” food packages never easy to open?
Thank you very much for the RT!
God is in the restoration business...Dr. Creflo Dollar
Today's Press Conference was so sad! I will always have such respect for Peyton Manning! Fav QB, Awesome Guy! Will Love Him Always!
I did see that. smart kid I guess? It was quite an odd game.
Hi and , this is going to be a GOOD chat!
Who wants to Skype?
I hope it doesn't rain today
Up late working on track...
This graduation was so ratchet
Sick Will Smith lookin ass!!!
Ugh. Puked mid workout on the trail. People just casually passing by. Embarrassing. Then a spider crawled on me. Double ugh.
Morning !RT : GM my favorite rapper!!
Really? You want to change me now? Now that I finally freaking fit in and not get bullied about how tall I am or that I don't have the (c)
The saddest part of any movie is when an animal dies. Animal Planet is 24 hours a day of animals dying and being killed.
you know you work a two minute walk away from bbq, right? Arthur Bryant's is better than Gates anyway.
it helps to give you a deeper understanding of life.
ROFL! RT : I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
ugh, our 4th roommate. He's the most victimized "my-life-is-hard-so-I-deserve-special-treatment" person ever
Ditto! God Bless You and have a fabulous day!!
What I want to eat I can't find it in my fridge LMFAO LEMME STOP
Barn Wood Wedding Reception Table Numbers ~ * THE COUNTRY ...
The way to “win” an argument is to aim for a goal other than being right. GOAL!! SAVE EARTH.Its not right!! ITS OUR RIGHT!
In retrospect, when you said "rally" you clearly meant: go down throwing wild elbows and ripping off your jersey as you leave court.
I wish I could be there!
nothing like falling to sleep with a movie about a clown with a knife slicing through people in middle a bloody battle.
Insanely jealous of those who are in NOLA for the Final Four. One of my favorite cities to visit.
I'm growing concerned about how much I treat my laptop like a boyfriend. It even has a side of the bed.
finishing up these charts for the show Monday!
love the fact it is likely free for secondary. Way to go!
Doh! That's what I get for scanning tweets for my name and not reading the entire thing. xo
Congrats! I think a Twitter handle will come on the DC birth certificate.
I am looking forward to filling out my passport this weekend at #EPCOT. Loving the
truffle honey makes everything better
I'm mad how most of my DMs on here are like "this persons talking shit about you" ... Idgaf even if it was true lmao
RT - #Confessions I love the Jacksonville jaguars even though they kinda suck. <3
just closed the garage door on my car. twice.
This girl just got shited on by a bird lmao
Hope everyone had a great Halloween! Thanks to all who came out!
RT : Attending the Art/ Entertainment Gaming tonight for , anyone else going to b there?
You always make my day!
99% of your use of serials is at the article level
They making that Bentley truck!!!!!!!!
It's not late yet everyone in my house is asleep :( I need to be reading whilst it is quiet
Thank you! It was an amazing night!!
long day, ready to go home!
follow me plisssssssss!
Stop it stupid!!! Did u get my last mess on FB?? I'd would rather not talk to you ever again. argh..
: thanks for having me in last week. I had a blast love doing the show #youguysaretheberries!
hey!! Mahomie can you please follow me back<33 :D
Friday social hour, 2-6 , $5 cocktails and fun eats. Come see the boys, don't wait.
seems kind of slow for NYE, but I know Big Stacy will do it big.
need to book some airfare (5 tix) to Maui out of dallas in July, when is best time? Thx
You can't beat freshly made pad thai and organic strawberry lemonade from the #SDSU Farmer's Market. and I are obsessed!
pls accept our invite 4 Sat nite BBQ w/our fam in SW PDX area to see Ducks - Big screen, gr8 ribs - love to have u join us!
Buy Ovulation Test: Clearblue Easy Fertility Monitor Test Sticks, 30 ...
well I think YOU'RE cool :-)
Taylor's got 12 points now, leading the
Has enough fun for one day today was a great day indeed! I feel very lucky to have amazing friends in my life. Treasure the little moments.
Can anyone give helpful hints for cutting cantaloupe? I'm feeling quite challenged :/
listens to new Camera Obscura, makes zucchini relish
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
crossing my fingers hoping he's gay.
i love going to the beach just to make fun of people.
All I really need the critics to tell me is whether Green Lantern is better or worse than X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Mashed up that would be one crazy-awesome book. Or not.
A heartfelt THANKS to all the came out to this past weekend to party, check us out for NEW specials all the time & new FORMAT.
Hope you had a good guess!
an INCH !!! hahaha makes a whole lot of difference hahah
Crying myself to sleep tonight, rest in peace mr fam <3
San Diego fam law system is corrupt. Lori Love, Steve Doyne, private Jams Ashworth ruthless!! Fact. The one with $ will win. Children lose..
RT IF IT ANNOYS YOU WHEN SOME1 WHO WINS TICKETS TO SEE ONE DIRECTION ON Z100 ARENT EVEN EXCITED. LIKE WTF -___-
I'd have given up my seat for you.
BITCH I HOPE I DON'T GET A COLD
God, please give me extra strength 2 endure all the things I'm facing in my life right now. I know ur always here 4 me & I'm blessed.
Up for work. lol
two, two, two strips of bacon!
After 5+ hrs the Brewers game 7 Twins game end withing 1 batter & 5 mins of watch other! I need some sleep. Crew back at it in 11+ hrs.
haha, that me laugh, I guess I won't be able to give him the ring I was suppose to give him long ago <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Don't confuse fame with success.
My son's friend would like me to text him when we are out of Klondike bars so he doesn't get disappointed.
the next one to show up at my house
only addition so far is the Mickey autograph.
Intersect.com is making some updates & might be down for about 30 minutes, until around 5pm PST. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Tom Baker is careful when appearing with other Doctor Who actors, he is afraid he will cut himself in the remains of their shattered dreams.
That awkward moment when your mom is stronger that you. -___-
Can't stop listening to your songs! Love love love 1D! :) <3
Going places today!
I'm god how are you? What have you been up to!?!
Great inbound marketing session by at
No, Chelsea needs to understand Adam doesn't want what she wants an let go only when she let's go will she truly find happiness
Bad IRA advice just now Lynette. There are very specific rules for deducting IRAs. Doing taxes and watching. Had to respond
Lillian is a doll.
Snapbacks and tattoos, snapbacks and tattoos... show off ya hats, show off ya tatts...
"You can fail many times, but you're not a failure until you begin to blame someone else." Anon
I'm singing in Melbourne, Florida on June 2nd in The House of Joe Coffee Shop. Awesome! Thanks for inviting me,
hip hop :) I have stuff on YouTube along with my reel :)
Oh NASA, you've fooled us again. Another late night dossapointment.
I LOVED that book. Your note makes me want to reread it.
have heard anything from klocke?
tks Shannon cool site : )
- I see that - he's even wearing suspenders
Beer and Slice and some #startups how nice. It's Wednesday madness at the
Still at work...blurg!
RT : Customer: "I thought ICEMAN COMETH was at Lookingglass." Guys. What if.
have faith!
Guatemala's a smooth balanced, chocolatey body, with a nice caramel finish, SCC origin coffee, grown in the Coban region. AKA
im not sure if i gave you the rite URL for nialls
Today's word is VALUE. As used in I VALUE all that I am blessed to have in this world.
FHA announced Tuesday that it has instructed Fannie and Freddie alternatives to the current servicing and compensation structure
Great local, regional, and national LIVE BANDS every FRI & SAT night at Mad Frog. Stay tuned for concert info, free ticket offers and more!
Headin back to Cali tomorrow this summer is gonna be work work work. #hardworkwillpayoff #workout #dance #acting #brushinmyteeth ;D
Thanks very much.
Gondor makes demoing branches easy: gondor create --kind dev demo gondor manage demo database:copy production gondor deploy demo mybranch
No problem...i loved it! Thanks for doing it!
#NeverShouldYouEver sit down for a crap without checking for toilet paper
2/2 Especially since BSU is trying to promote wise food policies, Chick Fil-A = not sustainable. Plus: homophobic!
LOL, wat? its okay! did u change ur name now?
#Didyouknow : compact fluorescent bulbs #save 75% more energy than regular bulbs? That saves about $30 in #energy over the bulbs lifetime!
have fun in Atlanta! I will be there in spirit. Call me if u need any thing.
I (we) know your political affiliations but have you heard..." blah blah.. Welcome to the world of door-to-door politics. U don't know jack!
thanks for putting me on you #ff list!!!
Tune into at 3:30pm PT today to hear tournament host talk about our recent Umpqua Bank Challenge field announcement!
At dinner on melrose ave with ! Good to catch up!!
DON'T ..WANNA ...MOVE…. lkkgkkkhkglg
Hello SirMix a lot! =)
Oh I wanted so much more but when The Lorax shoots up 2 the sky in glitter it brought a tear 2 my eye.
It's not terribly frequent, but certainly happens. I personally go to the doctor each year to get checkup.
Stayed up til 4...feeling it
Interesting fact - residential assessments for single family home went down 3% in Albemarle, but multiple-family homes increased by 5%
My friends are a mess hahaha
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA I FORGOT ABOUT THAT
(Girls Talkin Bout) " Where all the gurls with dimples" HERE! "Smile for me is that simple" Yes (me and mindless behavior take a pic)
MY HEART ARRANGES A MELODY
The link between unionism and class warfare becomes more apparent on Wall Street and in the Rose Garden. Unskilled, high paying jobs now!
No ur going home n i didnt even had time to meet u FML! UGH! -Ana
#hth2012 aboriginal cultural heritage and conflict with huge commercial mining interests. Bowen Basin
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed of your small package.
Love you too! Take care!
Makin' a roux.
I'm so glad you love all the episodes of #HartOfDixie <3 :)
STILL LAUGHING MY ASS OF AT THIS RT **Austin MaNO1CURRBOUT
Field day....and it's raining.
Lazy day.
haaha that's good :)
I kinda wanna change my profile picture. But what picture should I change it to? Hmm...
Hi there! Sent you a DM. Thanks for the reply!
Never Interrupt Someone doing what you said couldn't be done .
Finally read (ok paged through 9 Journal of Acountancy, 2 UW Biz Alumni Mags & 2 ILCPA Updates. Read my email updates so on top of things!
is the cure for bad Chuck Norris jokes from two years ago
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. -Frank Lloyd Wright
Hehe :) Obsessed with your style!
KInd of annoyed that all of Wikipedia blackout coverage I heard failed to mention libraries as an alt method for reference.
Checking out the set up for 's BeerFest. It is looking awesome.
So.. true.. that franchise is just falling apart by bits and bits.. if they lose #Brees ... there done..
“: #Rockies Delta Cleary Jr has hit his 1st Home Run at Low-A Asheville” That a way !!!!!!
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die. - Bill Watterson
LATEST VACANCIES at SHELL NIGERIA E &amp; P COMPANY LTD ...
We found the key now, of course! :)
social networking see no need for YAA to have a Twitter page. There are only two of us with YAA who see this value and we are trying as
Go for it-no one will know! Just us.. “: The neighbor's perfectly ripe mango, hanging over the sidewalk, is taunting me....”
Wait A Second ... Reenactors Like the 'Civil War' Types...?...Please Take Some Pics ...! :)
Yes had it & yes worth saving. Foie gras is like Jewish bacon.
The people who listen to Mike Jones have a lower IQ than the people who listen to Future or T-Pain
o, so no congrats? ok, i see how much im loved here. ILY TOO YOU GUYS.
I need to get myself a bottle of that beer again.
help Troy Davis if he is not gone....
Wow...everyone's missing freethrows!
RT : I'll doze off safe and soundly, but I'll miss your arms around me.
"What used to be called stalking is now known as Location Based Marketing" ha - great presentation from
~She Think She Ready For Tha World,Just Luk At Daddy's Little Gurl..!
And after a while you convince yourself and then right again the hm kicks in. Maybe pops up. Back to square one.
Question for How do you like your button mike? I'm in the market for something like that.
Katy, put back on your old outfit.
nope! Lol you?
It does bad
2 tires came off a port authority bus today. In traffic. Hey Onorato, Job well done. You can stick that drink tax up ur a*s in ur new job.
rendering these beats!
dont come in before 11 though... See ya tomorrow!!
I don't got aim just sloppy sprayers hittin up the wall more the hockey playas
I have said "hook a brotha up with some crabs!" today. It's all uphill from here.
Thanks for the compliment! When you want to black out, skip the beer and head for the
Thank you for being our 500th follower!
My iPod is on shuffle but all it's deciding to play is ;D
Katt Williams in trending
ha! Is it delicious?!
In the Orlando airport waiting for connecting flight to JFK. Old people and tourists everywhere... Brooklyn, oh how i miss you... xx, joseph
Wow I'm boring #notmuchishappeninginmylife #why?
Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it forgoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury
WTF iPhone? It's "moustache" not "moist ache".
when yu on the phone with who
Damn again!? “: Heard Somebody Just Got Killed Around The Corner!! #Damn”
Davey ...hit me up and let me know you are still breathing
Question: Why does PSN hardly-ever have demos for games which do have demos on the 360? Ugh!
I managed to eke out a 45 min. workout. Would have been better outdoors! Hope you have a great weekend :))))
Gassing up my new coche for the 1st time. So ends my 10 years w/out a car. It was a good run.
No prob. christhebookie by day but you might know me by night. Thanks for your support.
if I don't respond back its becuz I'm in the building & cant use my phone. They have put a crack on cell usage while on the floor
spicy ketchup sauce: ketchup + hotsauce + garlic powder.
Wish it were already out, eager to see it. Thanks.
Don't want to go to school :(
Burger & Boogie @ Rick's in Alhambra - Burger joint patio turned into disco. DJ spins OG tunes while patrons age 2-82 hit the floor dancing
you kayaking?
Dude. That thing sucks.
didn't. Thanks!
Chris Stewart may be the most clutch Yankee on this team.
Too bad Donald "Duck" Dunn had to go today. He played bass on all the '60s songs by Booker T, Aretha, Otis Redding, Sam & Dave...
Team Hobbes! RT : Had a good day! Won my Eq flat class, 2nd in the medal, and 5th in the o/f. YAY! Hunter classes tomorrow!
RT: The Mavs weren't perfect, but I sincerely believe that Rapid city didn't earn that game. (Agreed)
#artallnight tomorrow evening in Pittsburgh.
'Black Dynamite' didn't make the cut?
Something to look forwarDD too! RT : But the paper is AT work, coffee stop before. Cruel world. Ha
Can we all rally around and help this woman get this petition signed for the violence on Basketball Wives and Boycott Bullying!
My mom got an iPhone and she doesn't even know how to use it
Fall's best new show: Homeland. Claire Danes makes for one hell of a possibly psychotic C.I.A. op.
The truly wonderful and the truly beautiful are synonymous and reciprocal feelings. --S.H.Sharpe
oh my god hahahahaha
freakin invisible? yeah pretty much. gotta love that feeling!
cmonnnnnnnn prove it
im allergic to you fuck bitches .... hachuuu !!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I love the day my super smart Twitter pals get their #mla13 acceptances. Looking forward to seeing you all in Boston!
Okay my love, take care !! Love u so much and I hope we can talk soon ;))
trees and power lines are down in Port Orange Florida. It looks like possibly a tornado.
SMART goals and Performance Matrix. Where am I?
Pull ur pants up~ Ya feel me.. #Not~
New blog post at www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
thanks for spending your afternoon with us! :)
Nice audition yesterday. Have tickets to see Dracula tonight at the Indiana Repertory Theatre.
No Shame Theatre is back to its regular time slot this week! Doors open at 10pm, Show at 10:30pm. Hope to see you there.
Okay, my break from packing is officially over.
am I being followed
Weird guy staring at me. Ommmmgggggg.
This prof was def sleeping during the "how to create a syllabus" discussion. And yet, I'm tempted to take another of her classes.
Not every PR firm or PR dept. of the company is like that but YES it can be harsh especially few days before the show or award.
That is horrible! God Bless You.
I'm readyy!
Too sore to go up these stairs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
...and has a tremendous hairline...
That's not a movie trailer!? :P
Happy New Year! Wishing everyone much happiness & health for 2011! Be safe tonight :)
wasup boss follow back
She'll never leave me alone and I swear I met shorty nearly 40 minutes ago.
I'm so mad the boys don't celebrate American Mother's Day. All the other fandoms are thanking the moms and we're just like....lolno
thanks sir
Pics from the Mayday Parade on Polish Hill
Smoking some weed later... weed is not a drug but medicine....
Really bad dude
Thanks to the Fabulous Sports Babe and for a fab time on the radio blabbering about recruiting.
Will Macau show up again or not? That's the question here at the Bellagio, way more people were chasing him yesterday then today
and I love you. :)
Hi! thanks for joining us!
Dont blame the police. Cops aint paid enough, aint given respect, aint protected from the NRA's cop killer bullets. Police are the 99%.
I know!^o^
You guys should totally spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! Sick music to get down to!
awesome!! RT : Quick Shout out - lost 1 lb. this week WAY TO GO LADY!
We had sunshine today!!! Our plants are smiling!
One backup copy isn't enough. Be safe. Use 2. One day you'll thank me.
RT Grandpa, CBS: "How do I accept a video call?" Mzuck: "You click the button."
My kids experienced their first inner-city bus and commuter train rides in Chicago this week...saw many interesting people!
g pisses me the hell off!!! Down south ain't been no where nigga stuff!!!!!
Thanks for the #FF mention today :-)
I want Isles and Glaciers to make another record.
no matter what i wake up @ the same time every day i never sleep in
Love , where your order ships same day.
HUGE S/O to This her last week @ her 9-5, as she embarks 100% into socialsola.com. This takes planning, confidence & faith!
lol well try it once, if you don't like it, send it back and get your money back. We'll even refund your shipping & handling.
Derby Lane Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover currently stands at $24,997.00 and growing! Play tonight in Races 5 and 7.
9/23/2010 Book Review: Inbound Marketing: Getting Found Using Google, Social Media, and Blogs SchneiderB
thanks Daisy! You are awesome.
so are you willing to follow me ? <U+2764>
MT:: local important in digital age bc same content is everywhere. Value state, regional local resources.
is it your Bday?
Off to watch baseball. My nephew's Little League team. Sky is very dark. (Hey, that's a Haiku!)
Whoa, N. Korea needs to calm down. Reading S. Korea has scrambled F-16's post Island attack. Serious conflict. Prayers.
I wonder how many people at brookwood will actually end up marrying each other...
Finally get to eat lunch! If this crazy schedule continues I have no worries about maintaining my weight for the wedding!
I'm sorry y'all this crying baby and no Dick is getting to me.
RT : Looking 4 fun? Visit one of Tennessee's many wineries across the state. Find a winery near you at www.PickTnProducts.org
RT : $45 of $100 spent at a locally-owned business stays in local economy. Only $14 of that same $100 spent at chain store stays.
Read 's tweets. I thought you two were drinking together
anyone have some artistic shots of last night's fireworks?
you just give them the look ---> -_____-
i love boys
my bad i forgot to lock up my emotions...
Did you get the invite yet?
I was n my mom was a troop leader. We used to make the coolest jewelry n scrunchies, ha! The scouts were so cute this morning
c'mon steelers lets fight, black, gold, and white !!! :)
Sorry you couldn't make it. won best food blog. Check our Twitter bio for links to results, pics and a Twitter list.
#InMyCity you don't just run into someone.
Cormac McCarthy's THE ROAD?
Looking forward to tomorrow night's show at Schubas with The Kickback!
oovoo me ASAP
Ladies: there is a huge difference between being thick and over weight.
i'm not that interesting but here: dontgiveuponus
Do u follow ?? If not, please do it NOW!! Support GOod MuSiC :)
RT : Tune in to Great Day STL to catch Bryan Fenkart () from MEmphis!
LoL gotta get it while it's hott!
I like when you tweet to fans. I'm a fan and I'd cry and freak out if you tweeted me. Please?
No, Scotty and I were the fog machines. Cigars were just the "juice".
is it your birthday today!? If it is Happy Birthday!!! If its not WOOPS !! Lol! :D ILY! <3
Citizen of the the knowledge society, Pierre Levy via
Feeling naked with out ear rings in :-/
still laughing when I see your "oh my gosh we hit 68,000" tweet! Haha that was the funniest voice you said that in.
Love it. RT : Haters can be ignored, critics deserve a response.
> gathering 9am @ goode circle area. Will send an email with more when I clean out my inbox
In honor of I"'ll Have Another," I think I will have another . . . Salute
Yourfavoritemartion on YouTube is fuckin hilrious. True G Junk
Just had a 99 point word on words wit friends
If you are going to VidCon, you won't want to miss the booth! Seriously!
Put it down bout to be my new ring tone on my iPhone
uneducated people !
On a visit to the gorgeous Clark Library in Los Angeles
solid investments are key.
We are happy to welcome Felicia Escobar & Julie Rodriguez from the White House to have an immigration conversation with #nafsaAD advocates!
Bringing hookers back like I'm in the Secret Service.
im 44 and cant get enough of #puddles!! #hopethishelps :-)
VSP say gunman at VT was NOT a student, will release identity after family notification
haha nice! Look forward to meeting you!
Shopping for Halloween costumes.
#girlbyenotwiththem mickey mouse panties that you bout from Wal-Mart
HEY CUBBY!!! Thank you for the follow! :)
N.C. used to also, back in the day.
If the site is called "Pinterest," why is everyone posting pictures of everything but glasses of Guinness? The world makes no sense to me!
My not wanting to see it was built in so it didn't occur to me the marketing might actually have a deleterious effect
Fruit snacks, which are more snacks and less fruit.
If Tiger made no mistake except for poor driving, then give all of the facts that led to the mishap and be honest. Story has 2 b believable.
Third?? Last one happened at 554pm/ 654 pm EDT. Or the could be sensing more.
do ppl in this house understand its illegal to open my mail?...smh
Looking at guys pissing...
Wait a minute...Stefan Urquelle is on USA's hit television show, "Psych?"
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ........
happy moms day to ya!!!
James Franco is so hot in Freaks and Geeks.
What I'm remembering is Santigold does electro-pop stuff. Wikipedia tells me she's also 10 days younger than I am.
#top100lies Bailey can play sports.
Good morning, sir!
Woo picking up trash to REDD UP THE STRIP. People are going to think I am part of a chain gang.
Vets Unite gets Veterans the help they need when they need it. Ask how you can help.
i didnt write that, it wa automatic
Wow! The classic seymour!! Good job stormin norman
I swear my fam are the funniest. "You got a boyfriend now? Lemme see a picture!" Just say congrats or something. DAMN!
no negative vibes here-- I am Switzerland :) Just a friendly prod.
Is anybody else twitter app getting everything in their mentions
#FF Gregarious guys, gives grins & grimaces. Go get him!
when are you coming home?!
Tis the season for delusional Facebook posts about how Christmas is under attack!!!!!
wish we had faster hards. still prolly same players, but the TENNIS would be different. sigh. i miss variety.
Well, it happened a long time ago, and it is the story about why I did it (reluctantly). Now it has a little more in it :)
Doctor said I have radiculitis. I told him I thought he was pretty ridiculous, too.
oops too late
Thanks for the RT re: 3-year-old mobile testers. :)
I'm not gonna lie...this boy gives me butterflies! :)
You could be in cahoots with the Aussies though... we can't be too careful.
e-mail my heart
I wanna buy a used/good condition/affordable bicycle, anybody selling one?
#Hiring Sr. Java Programmer/Analyst for a six month contract-to-hire position in #Columbus Ohio
i want to be broski of the week cuz im in love with u,ur the greatest wwe superstar of all time nd ur a future wwe champ.WWWYKI
See you Monday for another insightful discussion about the professional world!
Yeah that's nice. But "IT'S THE CATALINA WINE MIXER!"
Looking forward to #POLFinals tonight with other #artsed folks. It's how I get my poetry fix for the year.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing customized homes in San Antonio Texas.
oh shush.,. It was an over exaggeration !
shady bitches <<<
Watching I spit on your grave this movie is fucking sick im bout to burn this movie....
poptarts suck dick
brace yourself for a disaster season.
How I decide whether or not to go to someone's house; Me: "Is there food?" Them: "Yea?" Me: "I'm on my way."
Hi justin
Shit crazy in highschool when me n russle westbrook played against each other he was my size now he givin niggas buckets
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless; the love I feel for him
cuddle time?
Thanks to all our followers! We are almost at 300. Keep telling your friends about our focus groups in
blah blah blah
I would be interested in reading your blog post. I'll keep an eye out for it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I HOPE IT IS GREAT. AND COULD U PLZ PLZ PLZ FOLLOW ME? IF U WUD THAT WUD MAKE ME SO HAPPY(:
I want to follow all of my favorite celebs on here, but there is just too many. I'd never really see any of their tweets with so many!
At #FMF2012 Grammy showcase in Orlando repping
Waiting for the weekend:)
I am literally crayin
Did you try a waffle today?
Just making pot au chocolat. It's like chocolate custard. Yumo.
My pleasure. It is nice to see other students' work. Can get too predictable with my own sometimes.
Just sold my car for gas money.
The History Of House 8pm-10pm M/F PST with DJNateski hosting the music for you..House, Classic House,Disco & Funk..We love to see you smile
I'm going to finish this book and then get my day going ---
Good morning all!!
today I'm going to be in a panel to give advice to transfer students PRO-TIP: DO NOT TAKE MY ADVICE
Yeah, the overtime was killing me. I don't think I have your number, is it on Facebook?
seriously?!?!? how did you screw that one up?!?!?!
thanks Jason. That one is closed as well, however.
Can't express how sad it is to be stuck in #Wisconsin being a #Patriots fan during #SuperBowl week!! #goPatsgo!!!!
yea i dnt know tho, my back light won't turn off
Good Luck today , , , Bring home the series win
I cried when I watched new freestyle. Was perfect! But Nick you look so lonely someone need a hug?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
any good tips or guide
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead it'd be easier to list the ones who haven't.
is it possible to keep a live plant in my [former closet] office at work, if I take it home to get sunshine on the weekends? please say yes
Sec of Ed Arne Duncan at the #aasl board mtg-security won't allow people in and it wasn't advertised-violation of open mtg rule?
didn't know you were a Mac Miller fan! Going on tour with him next month w/ Thanks again for the LA meetup, was rad.
#BandsILove Phoenix & New Crystal Dolls
Off for a quick camping overnight.
It's too late for deep thinking.
Last monday i had a snow day....today im sweating like a fucking fat man who just ran 5 miles...what the actual fuck, mother nature of pa.
Ready! RT : The will host the on opening day May 19
People really love combining two words into one new word. Is this as popular in other countries as it is in the US?
its #11:11 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone.....my wish is that all the people in the world get feed today <3 God Bless <3
i <U+2665> black women ( buh don discriminate) #although, #aintNthnLikeAsistah lol
Don't use The Word of God to justify hatred and discrimination! Take the sheets off your heads! You're equally wrong!
": You can find me at the lot, yeah, I like my money fast. Two hundred on the gas, two hundred on the dash. U trill n best analyst
more wig-like than natural | it has now been tamed | — mowed lawn
am so happy The Artist won! wonderful film.
i am bored guys rlly what about u all?
Ravens dominate. Defense closes game.
haha gotcha... Then yes you are very antisocial lol!
You have THE coolest blog I've seen in a while! I think I'm addicted now.
Misread this as "Movies like Ratner."
I love The Huffington Post. I do too! Can't function w/out it. Luv u too, Carson. Keep on rockin'...
S/o our bro and his team. They came all the way from NYC!
someone's picking me up and taking me
Reading Minds is NOT my JOB! Communicate expecations clearly and wait for instructions. Really, that its is NOT hard cold science!
Happy Hour Tonight 3p-6p No Cover No Minimum Tasty Drinks, Pizzas & Tacos ~ Check it out for tonight ~ Live Dishes too, OG Cocktails & more
wudz good twitter junkies
Me: I need someone in charge of stopping me right before I make a huge mistake. My brain: Not it
Best thing about Monday is a #SFGiants sweep of the Mets!
to bad hes no where to be found!
Both of #Kman's grandparents now follow me on Instagtam thereby satisfying their craving for pics of him and no longer bugging me for them.
my mom always does that repeatedly, then wonders why I get upset after the 3rd or 4th time
why do people not follow people but always retweet them?
ah not having your number suckd s s ugh
Good morning America doing a salute to the 80s next week! Remember those tube sock up to the knees :)?
Actually going to bed before 11! I love sleep and somehow don't get enough of it. Goodnight Twitter world!
Happy 19th birthday to my little sister!!
Good times.
We apologize, technical difficulties. Voting was temporarily interrupted for all submissions. Thanks.
haha yeah!! Omg and I saw your picture with Ed. I need to meet him one day!
no one cares about updates on WVU officials' meetings john...no one!
what a combination!!!
DYK? Carrie P. Meek, former U.S. Congresswoman was a member of DST. ..
Thx for Tweeting this, had no idea my talk had been accepted!
Thanks so much for allowing us to speak at your meeting! We really appreciate it!
whichever way you style your hair it will always look nice!!! Makeup or not you're still pretty!!!!
Going to the park
Have this recording thing that I need to get set up to start recording with better quality
There's a lot out there, you have to go and get it though.
Would guess they didn't make it to ENC1101 lol
Looks like I'm eating some junk food for the game...#socited Peter piper pizza and Wingstop ...
Send me a ticket when you wanna hit it, send me the Ring win you wanna get married.
Thanks for the RT, my dear!! :)
Dear God, I speak for myself and copious amounts of women. Please put the fat from my ass into my boobs.
[Aladin-alert] Voyager Upgrade and Newest Partner, Howard University All,
The last line killed me. "how we define our professionalism"? By treating others with respect and meeting our commitments
I'm keynoting it! And that really bums me out that you aren't coming
Patriots got the Ball at the Broncos 44. Brady passes to Branch and He Fumbles and Tebow is back with 1 seconds left. They gain yards but...
This weekend needs to hurry a little, even though all this make up work is bullshit.
and im sitting here single swaggin.. :(
It's an extra large 7-11 coffee kind of morning
5% batt and a full day of traveling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>!! Happy Thanksgiving! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094>
Spurs' lead up to 11 after Danny Green's first basket. Spurs lead 66-55 with 6:48 left in the third quarter. Jazz timeout.
i love it when guys realize all that a girl has to go through and they're not some sexists jerks.
« Just because they smile in your face don't mean they like you!». .. . #REMINDSMEEHOF.. . .LBJC
Error 37. Maybe I should just wait until tomorrow. Work early.
I'm putting the "free" in "freelance."
Just received that SMOOTH bump up to first class!
thank you for all your comments!!
been capping professionally for 6 years now. People love you when you're winning but hate you when you loose all part of it
Trio thing in a few
On this date, 29 years ago, November 18, 1982, Bill Sargent Bands launched with the debut of The Bill Sargent Big Band featuring Joan Seele.
tonight 8pm you must see at
...Let's stick to understanding & we won't fall/for better or worse times, I hope to me you call/so I pray everyday friends will stay...
I Saw this cute 7 yr old wearing Hannah Montana socks.Me: "Do you like Hannah?" her: "No but I like stepping on her face every time I walk."
Did u know: #Denver, known as beer capital of the U.S. (epicenter of both large scale & craft brewing) has a microbrewery at #CoorsField?
Keep your secrets with you girl, safe from the outside world
Stop Online Privacy Act SOPA bill has monumental implications for content hosts like libraries - Peter Brantley
and boy I want you to know, I can't get you out of my head
Not quite! It's Garth (Kevin O'Reilly). Though will be in the scene this picture is from too, just not as excited!
we love to get you to do a write up on our music!!
Keep a time log during some time interval, like a week, and then analyze it to see where your time goes.
Romney is a uniter. The majority of Republicans and Democrats agree that he's a phony.
. you want a new GM and coach just to have new ones. Wanna keep doing this over and over?
Follow me if you love One Direction or Justin Bieber. I'll follow back
Just read your opening up a restaurant. Hope you have room to hold all 2000 + of the SLTP ladies in August. lol
To give someone a piece of your heart is worth more than all the wealth in the world.
thank ya!
Hey , we should talk about an internship program we're planning for the summer!!
Evans - 8 for 8 FTs, big boards & D stops
#iWishThat i saw #newyearseve cuz I really want to!!
Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.-Bill Moyers
I only use two addons but thats more on the addon devs not doing their job imho, but I totally get the memory issue
That taco was handed down by the Good Lord himself. #<3thattaco
Random Fact: Diana Ross appeared on at least one hit single every year between 1964 and 1996, an incredible 33 years.
Seeing everyone else freaked out about the senior project freaks me out cause Im not freaked out about it.
Gracias for the info!
'The Voice' Keeps Up Super Bowl Momentum; 'Smash' Results Are Mixed
I like to stun the spider with hairspray, leaving it disoriented and highly flammable. It goes "FWOOM" and then there's no spider remains.
I'm not upset you lied to me. I'm upset that now I can't believe you any more.
Thank you thinking of me~makes me feel special!! I am sure that my pain meds have everything to do w/ me feeling a bit better. lol ;)
they also need the northern part to get the oil from Canada. Kind of pointless to have northern part.
autosave failed. I need autosave every 3 minutes & obvs not with local msft office. :( :( :( know if I can reach into the RAM
Thanks! Happy New Year!
i'm hungry but I don't know what i want
Best swimming hole in ausitn? Barton Springs of course
We have a hot n' juicy burger just for you! Fight the cold and come on out, open till 8pm, dine-in or take out
Over/Under on Virginia tomorrow night sitting at 107.5. They scored 96 combined LY, but scored over 110 in 19 straight prior to that one...
Right now. Lol
Recording a lesson for a www.etapdance.com subscriber who needs 15 seconds of a tap step broken down from a YouTube video.
Very true. The States role in marriage is different than the Church's role
Finished TM. It was fun and very cold. Best of luck tomorrow. You can do it.
Nathaniel, yet again he tweeted clear, distinct, obvious, and intelligible
I will love till forever until death do us part well be together take my hand hold on tight we'll get there this i swear
Thanks for making my morning with your 2012 campign playlist! OFA.BO/pHpWYy :: it's on spotify!
They wana take my brother to a waterpark in jersey tomorrow i'm done yo ctfuuu
Should be doing work of some sort right now
The pain of feeling so along ,when theres a room full of people is crazy.
Cocaine is presently the most abused major stimulant in America. It has become the drug most frequently involved in EMR visits
So Brees wasn't elite, & after seasoning was so? #WilNeverHappenAgain!? Steve Young... go look at TBay stats!
Owney, riding rails. / Postal bags and foreign tags. / Adventure called him. - A #haiku from buddy Ralph
You're welcome! I've stopped by before-- was a guest #ThisIBelieve reviewer in my ENG110 class so I've said hi to her. :)
who you telling. Niggas wearing Dickie shorts and Camos shoveling snow. Sd worst we get no love or respect.
I'm tempted to literally set fire to the rain. But, I can't because I'm in campus right now :/
3 years since Relapse.
is anyone else missing their and #mentions on #Twitter today? #DM me if you are, I've been missing mine for a month!
can't dm you... no worries. we'll need to look at next week to reschedule the. Ill check dates later today.
are you serious? Damn that's awesome.
at home wea u at
is a future hall of famer! What a great career.
Just getting to the BookCourt to see
Have a SAFE and Happy New Years Eve !
LMFAO! When the fuck did I say that?
I putted lefy handed in mini-golf tonight...boooyah!
do you think is ready for our dancing?
I grew up watching Jordan, nobody in the nba keeps me on the edge of my seat like he did!! #GOAT always and forever.
BABY, COME BACK! Baby, come back to me!
I am a perfect example of imperfection...
Is he really gay
could be worse - i have 6 programs this week
Today so far has been a spectacular reiteration all the wrong persons are dead. Tempted to amend this.
How did the interview go?
hey Ur so funny :)
Do tell!? What is your favorite work?
plz follow me:)
OH HELL NO. THAT IS UR MAN.
Never Fall In Love With "Potential"!!!!!!
and you, Tracy. Hope you're having a fabulous day!
Re-deux work day! Giving lots of furniture new life:)
no, #SCCMayor and we are tweeting from tonight
Easter candy... It's whats for breakfast, lunch, & dinner this week!
in Florida or Paris?
Tried out some moves over the weekend via on cable (ch1) n man, I'm still sore! You have to check it out!
If the #Jaguars waited until July to release Coleman they would get slammed for not giving him chance to catch on with another team#can'twin
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> RT : So Proud Of ; Today Was His Last Day of College &amp; He's Graduating Next Week
tweet, tweet, tweet.
I want to watch the clippers game, if it is the same as game 1
can i get a
Watch out for companies who promise to "make you rich" claiming that "anyone can do it." Simple Supply and Demand debunks that
I just whispered out loud "Don't go in the basement!" Scary Moviez am i right
I love it. The name of every student and the scholarships they have been awarded are being read aloud...totaling over $2million
Planning for St. Paddy's? Stop in Fri thru Sun for Fresh Corned Beef & Cabbage! We also have Big Gingers and Car Bombs to add, um, pizzazz!
washington post has been running the china daily propaganda supplement for some time
hey bella cam you follow me please i love you'r personage in sake it up yu are munch
Oh brother(s) RT PLEASE RT : Capitalize please. #Twins RT Please
Glenn, Hill, Randle still possible for Browns at 37.
oops yeah readability as well for when I'm going to read right then, pocket for later. Agreed on producers though. It's a hard line.
One step forward, one to the side, now one back. We are definitely waltzing. Except I'm the woman I think.
just seems that Izturis, Conrad, etc are so bad we inflate expectations of league average guys like Lucroy. Sorry, just frustrated
almost nicole...
Tonight & Friends will be providing your #humpday tunes
From Tony Plohetski: Fellow reporter Novak huddled in hallway with family at home near downtown Houston.
Whats up with Florida's Weather -_-
You're completely right, is a huge
": Gotta load my tweets ! "f u my phone doesn't connect ti wifi here
Morris will not continue as basketball coach, per AD Jeff Lueders. They're posting that job right now.
"er-ah-err-ah-r" (ducky rooster voice)
"A huge weight has been lifted off of my shoulders." I have never really understood the expression until now.
No matter what anyone else thinks, says, or feels...YOU are God's favorite!! <3
We believe #business is one of most powerful forces on planet, & harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way.
RT : I think it's safe to say that Katy Perry performance was a public middle finger to Russell Brand
Shh, just let it happen.
If I end up on third shift and have to miss my brother's senior football season, I'll cry. #seriously #lovemybrother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
You may not ever understand what's going on in their life- but you can always figure out what's going on in yours
Anything going on in Detroit today cuz?
I thought it was cute. U could add some more drama maybe... r they gonna fall in love? But, overall I thought it was good.
oh pahaha i see it
cute is holding hands in the car and kissing at all the red lights
thanks O! That pic was taken/edited by my fab #sisterwife She's another rock star!
Applied for the Cubs PA job today. Give me ivy.
Louis Oosthuizen should have known, you don't wear green on Sunday of the Masters - Watson wins
I added an extra 100 channels to my cable package in October just so I wouldn't miss was brilliant. Bad call.
I won't speak for the quoran but jesus taught nothing but love. The new testament invalidated a lot of the old.
I don't think I told you before, but that Shearwater Van Ettin cover is bad ass.
Re: starting team w/ 3 AFC South defenders- Saw you had Ryans #4. When would Jerraud Powers have entered the mix?
Click on the first link on every page! You will always make it back to "philosophy"!
Got to get started on gardening project. Tend to the land!
I know right! :D
You're right! Sue Duncan was the 1st from 2002-07, then Paul Wiles. However, the post has been vacant since his retirement in 2010
Too true!!
I will not sleep.
I honestly don't even care about the rest of the school year.. I just want summer <3
S/o to a sexy witty puttn on for tha Htown to all my followers follower her please u jus my get a sexy pic to
YES so friggin crazy the next ep. is the last one for this season right?! oh man shits gonna go down lol
O_o, guess your little one isn't so little anymore. My bad lol
Quick transaction.
Running IS a technique sport. Check out some of the many named running techniques such as Pose Chi, or Evolution.
Thanks for checking into 4square and happy Pi day! Feel free to follow back & let us know about your visit
I had a chicken bowl, double chicken, brown rice, black beans and guac tonight.... it was really good!
class was great shadowing the next 2 days
nothin' says childhood fun like the smell of molten plastic!
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much — Oscar Wilde.
Somehow there is both an Indiana fan (not really surprising for Madison) and a New Mexico State fan (pretty surprising) in this bar.
lmao well stop that shit :p
yeah, fuck that..
GO BIG Tonight! Good Luck!
Man, i want a dog
Today's Bodemeister was Never thought being too fast would be a bad thing :-)
HAHAHAH. We can add one more when I appoint you as my running mate
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown tonight from 8-11pm on 98.9 The Buzz! Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
Wonder how many copies of that Mobicip app are gonna be downloaded after that NYT article today
Fuq dat hoe, dick her down Woo! Woo! Smh this damn coon video song is too catchy
We've partnered with Toyota of Boerne & ! Our valet team will be accepting your food #donations until March 31.
Make sure you pick up a gift card for all of your friends!
I love San Antonio but it sure does get hott!!!!
Watching the movie GRIND, hands down my favorite skate movie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
So much for an hour class. This shyt been 3 ans a half mf hours.
Thanks for the listing!
JUST GOT SOME MORE ADIDAS IN TODAY COME GET YOU A PAIR!!!!
Wonders what the next few weeks will bring. Hopefully good things. And grades.
Looking forward to the Meatpocalypse tonight. BBQFTW!
My spirit is sleeping somewhere cold
Apathy is a disease. Ignorance spreads like cancer. Yet neither is an excuse for inaction...
": I'm confused. " she meant, pee. I was teasing you because you turn everything into a competition :P
There's no way you're 18, you look like you're about 16.
I understand the intention of this quote but I think passion and determination are on par with it.
I been in summer classes EVERY year lol I need a break
good song.
yooooooo did u hear Drita rap? She was fucking dope!!
New Sunday Tradition: Buying scratch-off tickets. I will win $5,000 a week for life. I FEEL IT!!!
that figures!
Watching Demi Lovato on youtube! Her new Video :) " DemiLovatoVEVO " So my day Completed. :) x
no package yet :(
Try losing the first set. Worst case scenario, you lose in straight sets, save valuable time
What about scotch tape? RT : Beer. RT : Music and writing, what more do you need?
My girl, Im back on Twitter<3 I lost all my followers though. Go tell ya people to tell their peoples,
always amazes me with their customer service. With the high bar they set for themselves, you'd think they'd falter. But not so far!
A lot of work will be done over the next day and a half by & to get the website up and running.
God will never put you in a situation you cannot handle....all you have to do is trust & believe in him.
hope you had a lovely day at wango tango. Goodnight sweet dreams and love you :*
Jeff carter go fuck yourself!
I'm so happy right now, it makes me nervous.
“ I've realized most of these ppl who got on only got on cus of who they know, not their talent.”
that obviously had nothing to do with Super Troopers. :) Always open for a talk, put me on speed dial.
if loving you is wrong : i dont want to be right <3
Good luck on the 50miler!
perhaps, although giving an artsy cousin as a wedding gift is more difficult than it sounds
Join for an intimate LIVE FAN CHAT with Cambio TODAY at 5pm PST! Submit questions using #AskDemi - aol.it/nemUMV
might take a week or two too after the appeal on dec 1st-3rd before we hear anything so it could be mid-december or later
Recession is so bad, even Apple lost jobs
um is a faggot. end of story. :)
plans to move in soon..
Putting together information for next year's officers! Don't forget the meeting is today at 4:15 in VLIB 201.
On set for more Saltwater!!!
I didn't realize that Hedo Turkoglu still knew how to score, much less make crazy circus and-one shots.
Watching Bizarre foods featuring !! Exciting :)
I just need to stop letting people dare me to do things when I'm drunk
People, realize that unless #Obama acts on his promises NOTHING is going to change.
Gonna try to clean my room.
Website coming soon
I struggle so much to articulate why I detest email attachments. Yet I don't favor cloud computing in all cases.
ur my best friend...crazy and you love hydroponic.
While breastfeeding may not seem the right choice for every parent, it is the best choice for every baby. ~Amy Spangler
Haha. The format is fascinating to me. But it is very scripted and static.
I love Lucy but she is so... weird! LOL :).
#idol - Skylar chose a great song and it was fun but off a bit compared to her usual.
Cool - thanks! Wouldn't be surprised if tide is turning...or if it depends a lot on urban/rural areas.
RT : "when the Kindle launched sales of romance novels skyrocketed, people didn't have to carry around the books"
| Thks 4 the follow. What is your unique twist?
Hey, remember to send me that strumming file
Press conference 10 am 6337 s Woodlawn to #SaveOurClincs. Time to free the
Does anyone have a contact at Toys for Tots? We've emailed and left a bagillion messages but no one is getting back to us. :(
can't believe you gained another 100,000 followers in a little over a month! so proud of you(:
I He's on the broadcast...
Getting ready for work.
Why would I try to back a reasonable argument with a malicious link? Also I'd need a dozen links, this is a good summary.
haha ttyl is #talk to you later!!!
I stopped doing drugs and now I literally dream about them
#WildlifeWednesdays every Wednesday 9am-1pm!! Join us this week to learn about the AMAZING world of Lions!!
twitter...its been too long!
Future wife, if you don't know how to make deviled eggs, it's just not gunna work out.
Woohoo!! YAY #PATRIOTS!!! A Very Happy New Year this is turning out to be. :)
Thanks Grant - the best is yet to come, so many great teams we've backed haven't (yet) had their day in the sun ;)
Your feed is not working (for today's updates) but PokerNews' is.
I gotta go buy more:(((
Talking Wheat Thins integration on The Colbert Report. It was perfect.
it made me laugh
Open the windows to your mind. Air out all your winter woes and let some spring smiles shine through! :D
Thought for the week: Make God bigger.
What is your favorite thing about English?
One of my favorite places. Make sure you go upstairs to the Art Collection, prettier sitting room than the Music Library.
that's awesome news Abbie! email if you have any questions!
Like this if you want the Jason McCourty autograph!
he makes the show good <U+2764> haha
Something something something
Still got nothing but love for her no anger or hard feelings over here :)
hey :) sorry, I was taking a nap lol.
magic music, yeah? Anything good?
RT : Very helpful! RT : One of my rewrite passes is to just take one character at a time and focus on them
#expeditionhewitt day one was a journey like no other. Tomorrow is another day of learning and fun. #NYC is our classroom.
Hope u all got 2listen to my old band on myspace
real graphic artists use photoshop
oh I agree completely. Just couldn't resist the urge to toss in a semicolon remark
So guys
How many samples of candy does this confectionery giant give out each year? Rachel indulges at the Sees Candy Factory Sat (12/4/10) @ 8:30pm
Very frustrated now. Looks to be 2 weeks before my computer is back. Thanks for keeping on!
jopa remarks spot on! Thank you!
Philly Sports got 0-3 tonight
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOpps and a chance to land a copy of the game a week early
Melo is playing some real ball...on both ends!
Its Saturday morning....we all NEED coffee......
33 for lawn
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.432
Wondering what's going on in the world feeling a bit
Argh can't watch game. Not acceptable.
Why did girls flash the boys today? They know the boys are gay, right?
I don't have tickets, but just go. Drunk people are always selling them before the game. We just have standing room
Just saw a car like the one from The Dukes of Hazzard!
Alan Graham and I are the McCain/Palin of the non-profit social media world. That is... We're MAVERICKY. And we LIKE IT.
poke from Julia.
Hey Guys haven't been tweeting in a while (long story) Hope all is well in Tweetville and you are going to see bunch of tweets...
FINAL PERFORMANCE: Superior Donuts 2 p.m., Road Less Traveled Theatre ($15 - $30)
"Knicks don't have the IQ of the Spurs" Love that
are you using your computers to help your business become more successful? Most people aren't. We can help. 512 873-0447
Sale sale sale come to freestyle here at Northstar Mall! RT
Yum.... RT : Jus saw some nasty fat girl cleavage...shit looked like old balloons filled wit grits
I'm so so so proud of Austin. <3
This time 3 years ago I had just given birth for the 2nd time. One of my greatest joys. I am so grateful and humble for the opportunity
Here you go-sorry, thought we were already following you...
Spin Off - Diane Lockhart. Eileen Rand. And their hot scruffy men.
Winners compare their achievements with their goals, while losers compare their achievements with those of other people. - Nido Quebein
Your history doesn't determine your destiny!
Yes! Trojans! Fight On! Great Job! Exciting game! Got to run! GREat!
Happy Birthday :) nice background
Happy St. Patricks Day! How you going to spend it? Me I will be at Whip Lounge on Mill Ave in Tempe. 7p-2a. DJ ES, DJ J.ALAN. Hope 2 c u !
indeed. But what a blowout!
I get it. You want to blow Crosby. Alas, your tits are small, you have crater face, and you're overall not that cute. Not bringing him back.
Thank you to all my CSUEB colleagues/classmates who've written such kind recommendations! You guys are wonderful!
perhaps i'm annoyed because I'm hungry.
pretty well I think I'm gonna finish with a 3 point somethin so it was good bruh
#Indaba #2012 Day 1 at the #Durban ICC. Lots of great products & services on display.
Same, shocked, saw him on campus the day before at HH RT : Just saw Junior 3 weeks ago at USC's spring game.
Wow, LMAO I got excited for nothing!
Good luck to all competing in the women's little 500 today! And to everyone else... Party hard and don't be an idiot! :)
RT I'm stuck with lame enemies. Bruce Lee said pray for great enemies who'll bring the best out of you. I pray & still get lame ones.
got enuf miles for both of us? ;) roadtrip to ORD! comix and white castles!
that was very very well said! & there is no need to apologize. With so much ignorance in this world it's something to be used to
Lodges - Thanks for following!
I am not stressing, just noting the missed opportunities. Those translate later in the season.
after spending a solid ten minutes with spell-check, I can confirm that it's spelled "whittle."
LaChat had left the building (insider) lol
I was going to ask u how are u
Found a ballon in the Vaccum store. I'm havin' fun
ahahahahahaha I have my ways :)
List of Sailor Moon episodes - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
It's a good world when and are following you on Twitter.
I'm so hungry. I'm eating like a stoner.
No thanks to congress Obama is still trying to clean up Bush's mess that belongs to the GOP regressive Government
wut up?! how are you?
NEW FACE-OFF tonight! There's a couple episodes on now. I love this show! New episode on at 10 pm eastern.
Thanks Tasha! I'll give it a try and see what happens.
Too much love going the way of #TeamSheen. Bring it!
Going to write an article on the misandrynistic subtext of "What to Expect When You're Expecting." I think that's a word.
I need to actually watch this movie. Intense ending!
how much??
RT : Nigga TOUCHDOWN TO CAUSE HELL --- hell yea, niggas finna be fully that crown tonight for no good reason
I agree! Thanks!
happy birthday!
How is the dressed body integral to the display/creation of political ideology? Lennard on the manufacture of K robes.
It's Talk Like ShakespeareDay! Tips? Use thou or thee for you, add "eth" to verbs and use "ye" for ya'll. Methinks I will enjoyeth today!
Just One Of Those Times
when someone starts acting drunk after 1 drink.......
Actually referenced "Fat Bottomed Girls" to , but "Bicycle" is the one stuck on repeat in my head. Oy vey :-p
I was once asked by a woman named Anonymous to comment on how seeing Leslie at Cafe Caffeine made me feel. Strangely, my answer was "normal"
#GreenyTheDance I give Greeny a 1 in honor of wearing 1sies & the one square on the floor that Greeny never left.
I'm telling you #LEVELHEADED the mix tape is looking real crazy features sounding real nice rite now
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
Some guy really changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex...wtf is wrong with people!!
is rocking school administrators in Houston tonight
Please pray for those who haven't trusted Jesus as Savior yet...
Subtle differences b/w LOD, metadata, cataloging alluded to... but we all want to create connections among data items
Faith No More.
I DON'T trust the Gorton's Fisherman.
warm and cloyingly sweet. nothing like freshed picked rainier cherries!
Fish for lunch ^.^
$ 495- DENIM SOFA !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE UP TO 65 % OFF !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Access to #financial #literacy is also important -- i.e. #mobile #accounting tools ( ) helping #microentrepreneurs grow
Is a disappointment. all i do is let people down im sorry everyone i wish i hadnt let any of you down
thank u friend
#AskArchivists Day 6/9 fast approaching! Lookin' fwd to it! Planting Fields houses NYS archives, Long Island Region
#WhiteRazrXmas ... I'm dreaming.... Of a white Razr. Beauty in the color of snow.
#18FavoriteThingsAboutJustinbieber never gives up
Leslie Sandoval, Homeless Man Charged In Killing, Offers To Reveal Location Of Victim's Foot In Exchange For Deal: The Associated Pre...
Err'body watch out. will be in MKE this weekend!
We are having a hot & muggy 4th of July here in New England. I'll be grilling for 25 people that will be soon converging for a pool party.
Where can i get soulsurfer movie.
thanks lil bro
I've been sleeping all dayy...
Better--if you cut a deal with Nabisco before you start eating.
All packed and ready to head to LA tomorrow. #kate&robwedding
In order to have great customer service, you have to have customers.
Phil with Sue Erickson and a picture of Baby Matthew. Sue said, "He's defined by God, not by cancer."
I don't have any but I can learn lol
Great fight so far
I'll concede that #twospaces is wrong, but you just try breaking me of habit of using them.
SOX: Guess who? Will Middlebrooks. The 3B lines two-run double to LF with the bases loaded and the #RedSox take quick 2-1 lead, B2.
At what point did Skittles, or the lack thereof, becoming leading criteria in this sham of an "award"?
what story are you on?
alright i've got three of them so far dinosaur chicken snake
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning [wind: <50 MPH, hail: 1.00 IN] for Brown, Redwood till 7:45 PM
& - thank you for the follow & best wishes!!
more targets: mover, dentist, optometrist, florist, auto repair, commercial real estate, copier/fax, biz coach, PI atty, matchmaker...
Geek ballin in the slant
Mahala ka pua, ua wehe kaiao - The blossoms are opening, for dawn is breaking. Hawaiian phrase of the day.
didnt know you were that dope!
RT Just received cool looking 45 adapters (pair) by this week!!
Carroll: when an author signs a copyright transfer agreement choosing to exclude readers b/c article behind pay wall.
this is ran by students kimani lol !!!!
How to factor what the networks are purchasing? | Research #spec #scripts selling; which stories directors are shopping; & scripts to market
uhh why would you need cpr?
thanks lady! hope you had a great time in spain. welcome back to the 206!
Charging with sexual harassment. She wants me to shake my booty at work. :'(
I guess so .
awh! Love you too chris :')
Just breezed in and breezed out. Loved the Spirit label!
Thanks for the RT!
"And what am I supposed to make of this nonsense?" - Me, today at MoMA...every five minutes
hahaha its just so good!
Franchise Tax Board: check your inboxes for our latest news release on returned refunds. Will post a link when it's available
haha I know I have been shopping a lot >.< fuck it haha
I hate when my mom makes gross BLTs for dinner. Gross! Looks like I'm having pb&j
Sadly, the main headline in tomorrows Trib Sports section "Theo trades Byrd!!"
I'm loving this Leap Day 2012 weather in metro Milwaukee.....55 and sunny!
Two minutes left. Not missing much. Oregon is running away with the game. ORE 53-STA 30.
Our BeST research says a wage of $22.65 an hr needed to support family of 3 in DA cnty
Promoting new Grapes of Wrath pop RT Ice cream truck out front is playing "The Battle Hymn of the Republic." Just a tad hardcore.
Wishing you safe & clog-free travels today! Also hoping doesn't have his obnoxious cranked up full-throttle :-)
ALWAYS GOT ME SINGN LOVE ON TOP WITH THEM ON FRIDAYS
X.O
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
Signed up for Second City!
Ms. Peete: He is not only "your" Dick Clark--he helped a whole generation (not just AA) discover music. Great loss to all.
What do Roadrunners like for Valentine's Day!
RT : Congrats! RT : Hey Got great news. We are presenting at #iste12!
ORDER U'R VALENTINE'S DAY CAKE FROM US! Last order in by 4!!!
what up
so i've heard,but i wouldn't know anything about that haha
At least they cleaned their dishes haha
smoking doesn't make you cool. shut up.
Admittedly know less about the fashion side but seems to be a parallel there.
none, Biiiianca. Im graduating from pooooblic college.
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 5
can you follow have a question to ask you via dm
I have a million tshirts but not one navy blue?! How's this possible
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS YOU...
do you need help finding an apartment? We have listings all over Boston and Quincy!
Excellent and enjoyable session with from about email marketing at
Someone eat a baked potato (with cheese and sour cream), pork chop sandwich, cheese curds, and half a cream puff for me at the
Positive outlook of life adds 2 years to life expectancy. Sense of humor adds 3 more. Optimists age like wine. Pessimists age like milk.
Watching Modern Marvels in class
hahaha idk usually people get irritated when you point out mistakes so I tend to not tag them in it anymore.
Sun is the best for relaxations! RT : happy #FF ! And down to San Diego supercross Saturday and relaxing Sunday!
#nce11diane ravitch: I'm telling school leaders that they're valued
At Issues and Eggs legislative breakfast ... Keeping young people in WV being discussed first...
Audre Lorde's Sister Outsider and Computers in Libraries magazine
. Glad to see another town council on Twitter!
I just finished a 7.30 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Nice. What kind of musician? Mr Kosciuszko's little brother wants to go into game design.
Many people look forward to the new year for a new start on old habits
I dreamed last night that I was enslaved in a human milk factory farm. I think I've been reading too many books about our food supply.
waiting outside the lines for my love... lol.
Damn. Near. Free.
<U+3072><U+306A><U+307E><U+3064><U+308A>! Doll's Festival! :)))
I know, and very true. all of that stuff should be taken with a grain of salt. I've always wondered what percentage of people
When planning a publicity event, hold it in the morning. That will give reporters plenty of time to edit it for prime-time news shows.
sorry I missed this! Let me check with our frozen buyer and I'll let you know
Murphys Grape Stomp: Dad and Brian got to the finals, and won! 14.28 pounds of grape juice, +2 pounds or so on next group of competitors!
Good morning!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love. ~Sophocles~
Jay is going to get in line for tickets on Saturday :-)
#aam2012 has left me with dreams of saving baby pygmy orcas from giant dragonflies at the lake. No, really! I just had that dream.
Look for "hot attic photos" coming soon from your FB friends. :-)
A friend to all is a friend to none. Aristol
We're probably heading out there...tomorrow :)
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
Maybe i like being a pervert
#SaySomething <3 OMG BEAUTIFUL<3 YOUR VOICE IS SO PERFECT.
The moon...
Don't most men? Or are you referring to wet/dry shaving choice? Or maybe, a straight razor?
Hanging out in Lake Oswego, been here for an hour. Probably still for another hour at least
My N'sync & Britney Spears CD >>>
Got questions about Obama's jobs plan? Ask Stephanie Cutter, Obama's Deputy Sr Advisor right now: Use
Ugh why are you hurting me yes I know I fucked up but why are you tryna hurt me now :(
Animal Abuse #smfh .
Brown bag luncheon today for the public! Fifteen books & good cookies. Love doing this presentation!
cocky I see
Where are #SRHR for #China 's young women being brutally forced to abort?
Thursday is always my favorite day as I get to break down 1/2 of a whole #pig from and then make
Top resellers-integrators meeting today for 'insights' portion of Engineering Symposium.
how u gonna miss a bitch u don't kno???? Plus u got the greatest right here!!!! :-p
Yes! Thank you. [Though I might have said B+ performances, C material.]
Life is waiting
chilling back watching the NBA playoffs it is game time win or go home..
Guys. I love you. Now wanna help me break 2700 followers? :D
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 325
Who wants free tix? We'll give away a pair on 2night at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
What's with the highs in the 60s this week!?! Spring is such a tease!
Leadership is about making the destination crystal clear, even when no one has been there yet.
Had to throw those your way, better late than never. lol
My heart = a place where the sun is silent.
congratulations on the competition last week
:) thnx for understanding
So Much Gabbana They Thought It Was My SPONSOR
it was prolly too long, I dunno. What's ur phone email? DM me!
Phone on silent. 10 missed calls. Turns volume to loudest. Nobody calls all day.
HOW BOUT THEM# BUFFALOES! #CUnit represent!!
your granny
Thanks for following Tara. I'm looking forward to hearing more about your magazine.
I applied for a job <U+E057>
So what do you all think? Should I make this youtube channel for my drumming?
is there anything apple cider vinegar can't fix?
I also think I'm getting sick and I have to ride in the rain to get to work.
Have a great weekend Twitterland!
OFC ( Obama's Fried Chicken ) In China
fuck your ice cream
Wooden Rabbit Hutch – a short debateEzinePRcom - Submit- wooden rabbit hutches
Digging deeper. Why Chris Fomunyoh took a pass on Cameroon presidency. Fomunyoh:'probability of a flawed electoral process'
Mulch Step 2: Pour natural mulch such as wood chips or bark pieces 2 to 4" deep within the circle. Keep the mulch from touching tree trunk.
thanks for the encouragement!
pondering whether to give our "new grad" tech test to the existing dev team here at Nothing like a good pot stirring.
#10AttractivePeopleIFollow I don't think there are 10 different ways to say "me" without using other languages.
RT : Thanks Melanie! Glad to have you on the #Motorama LIVE staff, even if only part time! :)
Best soundcenter in a taxi ever!
Yum! 1 for french toast! RT : French Toast!
lol not unless he don't got a cum load
hey pretty cuz how are you?
the blue knight says hi.
Well, i'm done.. Goodnight everybody.
Are you going to be at this Saturday for Grand Opening party ? hope to see you there!
Appreciate all our new twitter friends - Looking forward to sharing/reading tweets!
Who wants to talk
Going to bed early to maximize my It's Friday! excitement (: G'Night (:
Enjoying my time at the Convention.
Bitches they come they go...
Nice. Well, I'm looking to upgrade as soon as a quadcore hits T-Mobile.
You can reduce the amount of sugar in your kids' food by buying cereals with 6 grams of sugar or less. Read the #nutritionlabel on the box.
yeah I am because I am so freaking clumsy!! & I did not haha.
yoo I'm back how's it goin?
Wow. For that last link I tweeted about who can fly drones above you, universities are by far the most significant drone fliers.
i know right me too!!!!
I love when and get me into foodie trouble.
i like how people are more concerned about a middle finger than all the crazy flashing illuminati symbolism during the halftime show .
thanks for the tweet, this is a great read for aspiring restaurant owners!
Good morning, all. Hope your enjoying a pleasant Sunday.
haha why you gotta put his business out there like that
Lets Go MEMPHIS !
Night night... How can I sleep all alone tonight. :)
#Bazinga... Having a little withdrawal of #TheBigBangTheory. An episode will be in order when I get home tonight.
Asking about Return on Investment is the wrong question today. You should be asking about Return on Involvement.- Saatchi & Saatchi CEO
Knoxville/Oak Ridge, Tn - a great place for engineers! It's a happening place!
Emerald World ET is in full gear now which is way cool. Had 2 more phone lines put in today. Let's get cookin'!
It was lovely to chat with you last night!! xoxo
There should be a reddit for fashion news. Does that exist and I just don't know about it yet?
Got a reply from a review site - they want a paperback copy. I offered only digital but I suppose I'll buy one for them and send it.
Viva Mexico!!!!
Single but still inlove with you
I think ima change my twitter name. Idk yet.
Open phone lines! Give us a call at 303-297-1510
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness- Mark Twain
Some Shocking Shit Man....
What's Fozzy Bear's favorite thing about sex?... The Knock-knock jokes!!
Cyber Monday Deal of the Hour - Free Mickey Mouse Ice Cream Bars with your Disneyland package for March-December 2012. Call Us at...
wish you could be here but we'll be tweeting for you!
Thanks for the follow. We appreciate it. PEACE!
If I could read minds, I'd only want to know what you truly think of me (:
links for our game please!!
I'm thinking the Barcelona v. Chelsea semi-final in the Champions League will get ugly. I'm predicting 14-2 to Barcelona on aggregate.
Someone's going to win $2,500 for their biz today at the Pop Up Pitch in Appleton! Thanks and First National Bank FoxValley
#ABQ make your Spring Break a little sweeter with a trip to Krispy Kreme!
Got a win this weekend. Now we are very close to having the championship wrapped up!!
Told my when we went to the club....YO DICK IS MY DICK #WINGMANOFTHE YEAR!!!
Looking forward to digging into super PACs after the training. But 1st: the science writing #denialconf at Mon/Tue
Wow, a technical on Draymond Green from #MSU vs. #Illinois. 3 fouls on him in first 9 minutes!
i love you baby
BURRITO TIME
Watching on demand until work.... ugh. No school tmm so that's a plus! :)
I hate this class ._.t text a nigga ;P
me but I like you too. So truce?
Haters gonna hate
i love you bud
Watchin Tae & BC fight >>>>> lmfao ok I'm done
i think you are downXD
The DJIA back to where we were 1 year ago! That's not change... that's more of the same!
#FeelBetterLogan Love ya logan!
Ah good morning! :D
that's what's up!
I apologize to my Draw friends. I am terrible Thanks for playing
Also, would you mind adding us to your UNCG-on-twitter list? Thanks again!
haha I slapped him a lot before and everytime I try to go near him he like protects himself. Like grow some balls.
Ppl are so rude
what ya up too?
this is time 4...
lol yeah a little mostly trying to sleep
Nick Johnson, can he get another bomb?
follow me i follow back
man I got some to do do mine & I'll do yours next time. Lol
Well don't!
YES! Goat butter is DELICIOUS! And mad expensive at Whole Foods but you should definitely try it.
Now that Moss2012 is over. I am all-in for some baseball
We now have over 30 spas, salons, fitness facilities participating! Adding more each day. Check out the participating today!
2 new clients have committed to getting healthy! Gotta love it!
I hate when peoplee continually text you, Like bitch, dont you think if i wanted to text you i wouldve texted back by now ?
Chilling in Vegas!
“: Unfollow me if need be but if #DEATHSQUAD teaches us anything it's friends lift friends and ”nmines
so far complete and utter wash. Rip off territory I think.
To the folks who are anti gay marriage in America have u fucking seen how Uncle Sam dresses? Even Liberachi tells Uncle Sam to tone it down.
wow- this EP is incredible
Latest call: Tall non-fat, domestic lager.
Not even gunna trip over it.
Lots of love and a Happy Mothers day to my wonderful Mum back in blighty.
Hello everyone! :D
...1st of all you're a dick ;) 2nd...is he really playing golf today?? He wants 49ers though right?
Real problem is the creators get lost in the debate. As writer, I do feel I deserve *something* for my work--it's hard. LOL
Have you ever tried being a FRIEND before you became Lovers? What was your end result?
i am very tired i am staying up all night again and i don't no why! :(
Cool, enjoy your break and have fun! :)
thanks for linking to our post Rod!
MCVE up 25% and rolling great pick by the editor
naw, i didnt take any photos this weekend, i got u when we get to the Bay...
They don't serve me, we serve each other- Perry Noble-
City rat blogoff? Why not combine forces and have a City Rat blog-awareness day?Either way, our staff is drinking Schlitz.
He sure does. Steal for someone today. RT : "Kirk Cousins has the traits to be an NFL starting quarterback." -
what time do u start performing love?
Hey, girly!! Thanks for the follow, Lauryn! Come see is at Plush Thurs!!!
Our Facebook page is Ohio Animal Companion! Like us!
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
Don't want to work today... listening to Worship music instead :)
NEVER call a girl UGLY or FAT even if your just joking....
Got a mood ring!!! I wish red was Fan (Mahomie) then it would be red all day!
I look forward to reading your new book. I enjoy your writing & recordings. Listening to "By Your Grace" w/Paul & Gerry now.
dude I'm having drinks with a millionaire entrepreneur right now
oh yeah! Agreed! RT Love the patio? Is that communal seating I see?? The more the merrier is our motto!
The Home Improvement Center is now on Twitter!!
diggin' the #pastels and color!
F the game, let's head to the mountain!!
Thanks for following!
at your show! thats whats up!
Sold out! Goodnight y'all!
. Dear Shari, Enough with the guilt or I'll switch to Edible Arrangements, SWAK, Elizabeth
Great scene, very nasaly RT : and awesome scene! Killed it!
I'm watching RedZone. Wish they were showing Packers vs Giants in Houston. Dallas broadcast is a waste.
Oms My Nigga Meek Mill Got Off At 106 and Party Big Ups To Lil Homes #NP Shout OutbTo Da While Maybach Music Group
H - Having A - Anger T - Towards E - Everyone R - Reaching S - Success. (:
Bronson brilliant. Fantastic fest
Thank you :) xox
life. Honey the only thing this page needs is Vincent! Okay?! Lol I am sorry I have so much to say about this all..
I picked the first two time eras btw
You Obviously Love Oreos.
Thanks and for your continued support of A&A!
Why does every "hood" nigga think they can rap.. these niggas is seriously ask is this where the game is? Where they do that at???
THAAAAAnnnkkkk yyyyoooouuuuu “ Happy Birthday Sweetie! You look so pretty. Enjoy your day!!!”
please follow me! :)
What or who inspires your makeup look?
I have a date with The Doctor tomorrow at 8 pm. I am beyond stoked!!!!
1999 seems like forever ago
There's a place in hell for women who don't help other women. -Madeleine Albright ~How have you helped a woman today?
Awesome, I'll ask that. Do you have anymore questions?
the view from the Hancock, the Art Institute, and the architecture tours (especially on the river)
The old ass Mortal Kombat movie tho > nobody likes watching it with me );
Always! Hopefully I'll meet up with everyone at some point...
CJ is wild today. Gotta lay off the junk. Force him to put it in the zone. Hamilton and Beltre a little too aggressive.
i don't like being a bother
also OH : Zynga's back end is sharded MySQL. anyone care to confirm?
DTA is my new motto. DONT TRUST ANYONE
Yuck! I get a week off for spring break and Thursday/Friday of thanksgiving. Where do you teach?
Great day, filled with many wonderful people and music. Praise the Lord!
i just learned a bunch of songs on guitar O_o my favorite one outta all of them so far is When You Look Me In The Eyes c: <3
When your ex says, You'll never find anyone like me. Reply with, That's the damn point !
thanks, and from the rat queen too
I was going to but TS couldn't come, so I'm watching it in my apt. How's your watching party??
On an unrelated note: I realized today that this past summer I dated the daughter of a business prospect I met with two years ago.
Is there a better smell in the world than walking by Garrett's at Dearborn and Randolph?
Well , i thought i did .
Oh yay! It's almost Friday!
It was posted on tumblr (the article) a bijillion times when she had passed. If that makes you feel better.
You have followed all the MLB twitter suggestions :) Hope to see you @ Maryvale next week
How come in temple run u never run inside the temple ? 0.o
The weather is participating.
Bringing your faves to metro center. Come and get 'em
Done with hangover, ready to go rock it
Great work, you should get Bode Miller to help you! He's seems to be "straightened up and flying right!"
it was divine.
hello world, this is clay sontag reporting that I've finished my hw and am now studying until next Friday.
YES. ONE POINT FOR USA.
I'm currently placing a piece of cheese onto a sandwich. Now delicately placing Dijon mustard. DO YOU LIKE THIS SHIT JANELLE?
I have some from Sam's Club. It's from the makers of MuscleMilk, but I got it for health reasons, not for working out.
w00t!! CSPAN is here covering talk on citizenship for our Searching for Democracy Public Conversations with
Stupid Hoe told us our hair is too long, well she can take a long walk off of a broken bridge. <U+263A>
No I did not.(: I had Logan's. And I took one as soon as I got home! Haha.
A heartfelt: WHOOP! RT : Thanks to for her cheesecake
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. ~Henry David Thoreau
FINAL SCORE: Ohio State 75, Northwestern 73
Walker is a rockstar now!!
Currently reading The Social Media Bible. Very informative. I would like to interview you for my site, if your interested. :-)
The Clinic On Holly...3rd Place Hybrid...Raskal OG
i gotta sick roster u dont have enough game 4me...mtmore210L$T.
I plan on having the time of my life ;)
RT : I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.
this may be my only chance to ever thank you for everything you have done for us here in Denver. Thank you!
Calling all authors, aspiring writers to Black Writers On tour, April 16th www.blackwritersontour.com
"The brown suit AND a yellow tie?!? C'mon, man!" ~glad I'm not the only one who thought that. Here, I was thinking I was shallow...
I love you , <3
KENTUCKY WILDCATS Most Wins in NCAA History 7 National Titles
Fashion fundraising event is set for Sat Jan 21. Thinking of calling it "SAVE Dade's Fashion For Your Rights". Wdyt?
Knowing who you want and knowing that they're perfect for you but knowing you can't have them..
Just laid out my outfit for today. Yellow Cabi sweater and silver grey pencil skirt. Yup. I said yellow! :)
SXSW post #2: Does the Today show audience really need SXSW Travel Tips? And if so wtf?
do you still think of me? Because I still think of you..
My 6 Yr old Daughter said to me "Mommy why is everything we buy Made in China?" interesting how smart children are
I fuck with cardigans hard
If only you knew why im so fucking depressed...
It helps to end a request for forgiveness with the phrase, "Everything I do gon' be funky from now on."
Who understands the needs of the middle class? 3 guesses and first 2 arent Romney & Palin. #NoBrainer -> President Obama
Ya'll @ home
I just LOVE your hair colour.. Red Hair babydollll!! ;)
@ jdowdell Yammer is working for me. Just joined, but had to go to Postini to get activation e-mail
THIS NIGGA MARQUIS DANIELS GRABBED AL HORFORD BY THE NECK AND DIDN'T CALL SHIT!
If anybody sees Andrew Luck tell him I said hi. read an article about him. man, dude is cool n jus real. He's such a good guy!
Moderated a great session on special libraries as information commons at the #mnlib11 conference!
Chelsea got canceled but Whitney got renewed? Hm...I dunno about all this.
Working with some legendary filmmakers on the Sony backlot today!
Just got 3 more free months of hbo, stars, Showtime and of course skinamax
steph!!! Alot of stuff has been happening doin gotta fill you in! I miss you!!!
. Are there enough Sprint phones out there to make it worth outrage?
Check out our drink specials today 4-7pm 5$ selected pints $4 rail
he's "devolving"
“: What is the submission deadline? #DevLearn” < April 27th
Yay! I love it when good ideas come to life.
In Memory -- "LOL yeah, let me get my tools and PPE! RT : Hey! How are you feeling? Ready to get on a roof? :P "
Why is human trafficking and homelessness still such an issue with so many good people fighting them????
Dont tell me about how hard your life is if you wake up everyday at 11:00.
i use to be a use to
#Happy18thBirthdayJustin! Can't believe your legal! I love you! #4everabelieber #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl #BOYFRIEND #stillkidrauhl special day
prince concert
Thanks for following me! :)
3300 tweets later I've finally bothered to change my avatar image. Big thanks to for the awesome Instagram. =)
the watches must be on loan
Happy Tax Day! Are you relieved it’s finally over? Celebrate with a sweet treat from
Yes, it *is* normal to split a Rolo in half, add salt, then smoosh together before eating.
I'm really getting into flossing.
Flight two hours delayed? Screw you SFO
I got 21 days till graduation! Yes!
lol, yup! Hint: the glass is named after it. Also, James Bond takes his shaken, not stirred.
RT Does anyone in Nashville have, (or know of) a completely white room we could use for a video shoot on Wednesday? Holla at m
Good advice.
It's weird to see her perform You and I without her being at the piano, but it was absolutely amazing!
cousins baby
Hope everyone had a great holiday season! We're back running this Saturday. '01 blend featured wine. 2 seats open Feb 4.
can't wait to have wine with and others at 's wine party tonight
Would you buy him? RT : so do you see Marquez being sold in the summer?
#Packers ... Good Luck Joe Philbin on your soon to be new job as the Dolphins Head Coach! Enjoy the warm weather.
ha... Awesome. Ill see you there!
everything I love is everything you are
received props at #prsaicon from for #SM policy
SWEET. Lezz go. We need to think of some minor choreography, if you're down. MINOR.
Fuckin taxi driver trying to longhaul me on the way to my HOUSE. This is gonna be awesome.
omg yess. Cue the "I'm on a boat" music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
i drilled a hole in my guitar yesterday (actually someone else did, but i let them) but it was worth it
Need a bassoonist? I'm over in Stockton. E-mail me if you'd like:
Take no prisoners bud and rough up poor Ryan again! >:) LOL. Good luck Dustin.
Fresh flowers should make my cooking taste better. Ha!
Thanks! Glad to hear it.
Hey! Just saw that you're a dairy farmer in Southwest IN, where at exactly? My grandpa was too! We're from around Dale, IN
"If when you die you get a choice between pie heaven and regular heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick but if not mmmboy."
Twitter! I'm back!! NEW TRACKS ON DECK - look for my bruh and his mixtape
Bout to pass out; man I swear jm on my level
I'm the biggest girly girl <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>
Watching maddie martin fall down the stairs>>>>>
.....let's make that happen sooner than later
but yeah if he's otherwise fine (no excessive scratching), then it's probably just him being a dog.
very! but exciting too ;)
Ohmygoshhh. I love my last RT.
Only 1 more day to take part in our #giftcardbonus special!!! Get 15% more added to your giftcard!
A confident person doesn’t tell you that they’re confident (i.e. they don’t say “I’m confident!”). Instead they show you.
feeling left out
thanks, babe! MWAH!
Got an almost brand new overhead projector today for 20$. That's pretty good. I'm gon make some more
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !<U+E022><U+E033><U+E112><U+E32B><U+E448><U+E32C> #soblessed thank you to everybody in my life! Love you al ! <3333 (:
I am mostly up early just to wish the WDW Radio Running Team and all of my other friends good luck on today's race...
Let’s Move! Let’s Play! Climbing works almost every major muscle group. Tackle the walls of the Witch’s Castle in The Wizard of Oz exhibit.
not currently, but I used to. My to-reads are in a massive Excel I've had since college, slowly transferring to Goodreads
Still getting me?
Why won't my brain release some good ol' melatonin so I can rest?!
Without Facebook, I wouldn't even know half of my friends' birthdays.
well done!
Oh boy commercial #auditions with a long wait time! #Igottago! Lol
Thank you for letting me work on #youthdev & the Time to go to for Int'l #Education Development.
20 gallons exterior mocha brown house paint for 60.00
Miss you too! See you next year.
I'm running so late for an important meeting. I hate public transportation! !! Fml
people who spend all day in a flexed position just to go to the gym to spend more time in a flexed position don't know how to train!
Have a great time Matthew! Thanks for using ShowClix. Have a wonderful weekend!
Happy Cinco de Mayo, Mario Gutierrez!
and THERE IS YOUR DAGGER!
we need a rage pity party
These brownies are not intended as diet food.There isn't any added fat or carb and is for post workout recovery.Hope this helps
nasty bro
quit crying gosh <U+263A>
Quiet Saturday at the abode. Fresh French press coffee and old X-Files episodes.
someone come to the innbetween with me
Thanks Judy!
Happy Texas Independence Day from the Big Apple!! I may be living in Yankee country, but I will ALWAYS be a Texan!
Mr. Burns learns he only has weeks to live on tonight's Simpsons episode at 5!
Awww I had no idea!! Happy Birthday Lathan!!! mmmuahhh!!
Ssf4 and mvc3 bout to hit the back burner
Oh good! I watched 's talk on Digital Forensics, so a podcast would be fine.
HAPPY NEW YEAR JANN! I LOVE YOU! :*
Want a chance to win a $25 driving credit? Complete this tweet: "Hey , my favorite Zipcar is __ because it's __"
I hate ordering food <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
When Pinboard archives a twitter favorite link for me, I dance. What a great service. Thank you!
probably coming to Balto and or DC audience -- where should he go?
hey!! Everything ia going great!
sounds like a yoga #flashmob!
working with my mom I think
dat personality doe
You follow way too many people -Tyler (:
Wow, thanks! Woof woof!
At this point I'm just hoping the #Knicks can win one game. Give me one game.
If your wife and your lawyer were drowning and you had to choose, would you go to lunch or to the cinema?
Way to go!
hey bad boy ;)
Thanks for the Twitter love! Have a great weekend. - The Successories Crew
Good motivation when you don't feel like working out. RT : "If you rest, you rust." - Helen Hayes
Pretty please RT...Anybody from Atlanta? Play guitar? Want free beer? We have an opening for lead guitarist. With a cherry on top.
You've followed & unfollowed me three times in like a week.
And me! RT Pew: Obama leads Romney by 4 pts due to support from women, college graduates, blacks, Latinos & low income voters
that's all me o_0...but thank you?
Atlanta in10 hrs I don't even think I'm ready
TOURE AGAIN!!! Just one more game and the premier cup is ManCity's!!! 1st title in over 40 years!
Does anyone else remember when you went to the store and get that sour spray and ring pops?
C'mon Jimmy. Save it til it means something.
Holy hell. We have colby jack cheese in my house.....omg.
No way! If anything, you've made me glad to be following you.
Should I wear foams today or J's??
Loves making rainbow bracelets. :D hehe. :3 ^.^
yeah, he almost always serves first when he can. Sun must be rough.
Right now, is narrating everything he is doing at work. Annoying or entertaining? Let's take a closer look.
How to Successfully Manage a LinkedIn Group
Who else thinks the group "Anonymous" are a bunch of no-good punks?
My dick is tired. I've cum 5 times today. Still kind of horny too.
awesome. imma go i have to cook but hmu 2morrow
...are you wearing Wranglers at least? cc:
can i get a shout out ?
follow me i follow back... promise! just ask..
Id pay to see 16C Footloose remake w/ Lithgow as Stubbes RT Euery leap or skip in dance is a leap towards hel. -Phillip Stubbes
How about the SDPD and City of SD morning traffic in to consideration when planning special events.
Haha I am great!!! You?
sorry we didn't get a proper goodbye..and that u won't be able to enjoy another frappuccino with me :)
that's so bad!!!
I know the feeling...I really can £¥(€ things up!!! I'm tired of being lonely & tired of getting blamed when one gets pissed
that is some crazy shit!
meh gotta get ready to go take my placement test for suffolk >.>
Bet disparity in generations mirror the prevalence of industrial farming- socio-econ trend/avail. of idus. food v organic$
bummer it's gona be a good one.
#ThingsIDislike being in the "15 items or under" at Walmart and this lady in front of me know she got like 20 items
Delicious meal today. An understated Scandinavian neighborhood establishment.
Oh, sky looks kinda creepy...
i just love sonic youth so god damned much. that's it, basically. what else is there?
Me too. That is why I leave a spare in my suitcase and travel handbag at all time.
7 minutes until the doors open!
We're in the process of doing so!
Hey hey my man! Sending that info over tonight.
The nearest way to glory is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be. -Socrates
At church with and he's definitly singing to himselves
Dont forget about Launch & Learn tomorrow at 2pm - 4pm!! ALL AGES!! Sky Sailing: Gliders, Parasailers & More.
anytime! Hoping to get some of our students involved again this year!
this is true my middle school science teacher made us watch the birth of a giraffe.
465099 UMKC students, the Kauffman Foundation has a great entrepreneurship program!
San Francisco, CA
Hate wen men do my pedis...they r to rough on my precious feet :-(
Just smile (:
Good Afternoon! We have a new Office Phone#! Please note the change and save this number: 619-298-9000! Call us for your #insurance today!
Get your Red Rocks Concert Limousine!! Round Trip limo rides to your favorite Red Rocks Concert! www.denverlimousine.com
Good Morning! First day this week I have woke up to sunshine! Have a great day!!
Bet you are!!
so beautiful!!!!!
Hey Chickster get your buzz on and go win us some money. (-=
I'm waiting until ereaders are a sleeve I wear and read from my forearm before I buy one. I don't like carrying stuff.
Did u get catch the sneak peek of and in #AUchapel this morning? If not come to mochas tomorrow at 7pm check em out!
It is at La Huerta. Just did it. RT>>>>“: If overdosing on cheese dip and salsa is possible... #thatjusthappened <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>”
The home run landed 3 rows behind us. The ball went tight over our heads!
MT": I think (Saverin's) selfish jerk. If u think lower taxes are right, u shd stay & advocate 4 change.,| Word
Damn its cold outside!! Nice day to relax inside! Too much money to make! I got new beats to break down! My new shit is on another level!
"Wha Happened?" The Ballad of Joe Paterno
wat up Joe Bac on the bluff
Always a good start to my week. I'm on my way! RT : Barlates at 9AM! New Twists and Turns. Come check it out!
And don't give me the political trickery of holding up a handful of high scoring and saying all poverty kids are the same.Some r devastated
Happy Sunday :) this website has become my everything lol! Projected launch Tuesday, May 1st!!!
tbh logan i miss you.
so i love dan howard.. <3
The F.O.E. has pledged to donate $25 million over a five-year period to help with diabetes research efforts.
whoever is tweeting for hyperlingo, you are a fast learner:-)
Listening to Wiz Khalifa radio on Pandora
Make sure to always be hopeful and say only positive things to people.
Blended is use of tech that results in decreased seat time.
Why do all these chicks have brown buttholes?
ha yea I know!
Our pleasure. Nice to meet you Baran.
Now the Lord is the Spirit & wherever the Spirit of the Lord is-he gives Freedom. We become more & more like Him & reflect his Glory. 2Cor 3
After all those Happy Mother's Day S/O's can u tell I have a lot of mama's? lol
What a great weekend for pet sitting! Had a blast with all the pets. Now a day off to relax an enjoy the weather with my doggies!
LOL you clearly KNOW MORE about it than I do!!!!!!!
: gee idk ever heard of this thing called school.
I don't like this #Facebook update. I got 2 widgets that do the same thing and a crappy ass camera / pic post thingy.
This is it, the moment officially became capable of buying and selling me.
Lmao shut up punk xP
oh ell that was supposed to be to you (;
A very warm welcome to all my new followers :D
we have heard that nikon is a step up....
No way... We didn't hangout this weekend ): Next weekend for sure! Ok?!
I missed another Bag of Crap from but at least I was getting a burrito with which I can now comfort myself.
even better.
Anyone can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend's success.~Oscar Wilde
that's what happens when you're a rockstar ;)
i need more sleep since im sick but i have so much HW to do :(
Oh no. RT 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Learning from some of the 'sales' pitches weaved in throughout content... Many of them less salesy than regular speakers.
Budapest News Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
lol wat time r u going?
my summer as of right now has been great :) we can only hope to go up from here
I'm sure the happiest day of my dad's life was when I learned Morrissey's Bona Drag by heart. At least they have good taste!
& all that i'm after is a life full of laughter, as long as I'm laughing with you... Because I know there is no life after you
Apparently i have "fucking issues" ok cool bye bitch
rip Steve Jobs. Great innovator in technology and business.
Adam is pretty much telling Pip he's going home tonight!
Just got more expensive to challenge a competitor's Ad. B/NAD increase fee from $3,500 to $5,000 (for non-partner, fee is $6,000 - $20,000
Find someone who can change your life not your relationship status
": ...last day of school..." It has been good school year. Thank you for all you do!
Not soon, but you will be the first to know! :)
“Sometimes you just have to pee in the sink.” #Bukowski Yes, I know the feeling
What is a man's idea of helping with the housework? Lifting his leg so you can vacuum.
awesome weather... boring day. who wants to camp this coming weekend?
Apparently 245 followers + 3 per week over months = 245 followers. Just an observation.
that's going to happen to me more than once, i know it! :)
That's not funny... RT: : So Tony Montana dies and now Whitney Houston? Cocaine is one helluva a drug!
I'm bout to spin her and bin her and go up in her!!!!!
the pitch is on afterwards also! looks pretty intense.
,You should give Rick Santorum a new nite you got Education off his time ,did U learn?
My life is now complete now that I've discovered & slow jamming the news.
Settin up the Jeff Deyo band. Tonight is free....join us at 7pm at Cape First.
he just said take pain relivers and ice it every 2-4 hours.
yikes. Terrible. So sorry. But on a happy note, can't wait to see you!!
Exacta box: Hansen, Take Charge Indy.
thank you!!!
who bailed?
It was great to meet you last night! And in a crazy bit of serendipity, I got on the bus after the tweet up and saw you on tv!
Check the Calendar for the next class and registration info! www.tribalenergycardio.com
!!! I still think of you saying "tastes like death" whenever something awful comes near my taste buds.
Eh. I didn't think so. Fact is, #propA isn't a ban, so city would still be open to receive state/fed $.
i thinks so because he was tweeting saying hes following more fans! :O haha so i started tweeting him
Up in the turn...let's go racing (so I can catch my flight tonight) GREEN!!!
#thismorning I ran into the most wonderful people from church at starbucks
i dont understand...
I'll drink to that
thank you!!! that means a lot ;p
You made me LOL. Sorry about the bruise...I'm sure your fellow travelers can relate!
GM everyone
Steve Jobs PBS Documentary Airs Tonight; Biography a Smash Hit
Anyone want a brand new AEthereal business card hot off the press?
Wow Lakers, really proving something now. Embarrasing the NBA shows true class.
just put in my vote for y'all and my daughter ;)
Heavy 420 traffic on the 101 south
So beautiful & peaceful.
Shoot Down the Moon rocked the Riverwest Public House last night! Can't wait to see them tonight at Tonic Tavern w & much more!
We should name you the guru of things to not go to.
and badgers if you're unlucky enough to come across one.
My cat has a hickey.. I have a slut of a cat
Unicorn feels artically cool. AC is wonderful.
Hat Trick!
Not much of a surprise if knows about it, is it?
GL to and all my buds in day 2 of the
But frozen yogurt is so good. And you can put gummy bears and shit on it.
And bring good tunes so you're singing instead of watching the clock on the #treadmill !
thank-you :-)
and wat did she say?
that's me. 'Sport' me a galley?
Hope everyone is having a good day! :)
I may be a little overly in love with Colton Dixon.
Hate when my baby girls sicky w fever #mamaitssicky :(
ah, so now your words are gossip. I guess. Weird.
Oh wait, you meant that!?
good call
Sleepy day at work
Step away from the DIY calligraphy!! We made a mess of that one.
yeah bro I like how you take my pics you fagot in btw my name any josh it's Devon browning dumb ass!
my brother updates his status on facebook to much.
Loved walking Disney's Boardwalk tonight! So cool at night! :)
My boy vince young is a buffalo bill now
you're like super pretty btw (: love your hair !
Ugh, fumbled snap gives it to Baylor in Texas territory. Can't afford that.
I don't fuck with guys that are so disrespectful towards girls. I mean really, come on.
Put the dick down son.
I need to buy new bras... my shit stays overflowin =/
RT - Cleveland Indians Clubhouse: Talbot looking to stretch out in Ohio ...
Glimmers is Gold: view from Greenpoint, NY
The weekend is here!!!!!!
Word from Tokyo: our friends at Kokokusha Advertising are all safe, including satellite office near epicenter. Our thoughts are with them.
Because it's a social disease--passed through families and communities. It's learned hatred. And fundamentally stupid.
Good morning!!!!!!! How y'all doing this morning
we are
Cookies are good. Happy mother's day, btw. :)
U buyLeyland's rational 4 yanking Smyly? Didn't like way was pitching, Sox never saw Putoken b4, lot of righties coming up. I'm good w/ it
I hope all u mothers enjoyed ur day & felt appreciated & loved today. We treasure our moms!
empty bunch
#AMS - You would really benefit with AMS handling the facilities management operation of your company. Give us a call at 505-899-3104.
No kidding! He sleeps forever! And he didn't even go out last night!
Come on gasol
Thanks for the #FF!
ha ha! Know what you mean!
each year in the US, about 3 BILLION pizzas are sold! Run with the crowd on this one! 56% off at Meglio Pizzeria goo.gl/4kHW
Stuffed from a delicious meal and beer from Will have to stop another time for the pig bitter ;)
hey shut up, haha. RT Waking up between 3 and 4am for the past week...felt SO great to sleep in to 7am today!
We are praying for you tonight at our youth and young service. May God bless you!
Can I say bye *now*? Later.
We made it.
Welcome to the Twitter-verse!!
i hope and are aware of this achievement!
Thanks for the RT!
Working on a painting.
just listening to Jack and Jill is making it seem stupid
Well, I'm powered up for the day. Now to go wrestle a grizzly bear...
No rest for the wicked. No sleep for the pub. Doin it n doin it again. Hot outside hydrate with a John Palmer-iced tea, lemonade and vodka
Quick note before #D500 tonight, check out Zak Brown CEO talking about some big stories leading into the season
Tough night for most New England college hockey teams in the NCAA tournament. Good luck next year to BU, Maine, and UMass Lowell.
I already turned my appeal in...so I won't be at school unless it is necessary
So nice of you, Mira. Thank you.
Special thanks to The Germano Bros, Wayward Son, & Violet Mary for being guests on The Shakedown tonight!
Listening to I SHALL WEAR MIDNIGHT & double brilliance of Pratchett & Briggs.
Bold thing to say about your boss!
Thanks for your support!
Editing video on the MacBook air involves fancy shifting around of files so my harddrive doesn't fill up
" **** GooD D**K aiNt gOt notHInG on FaitHfuL Di*K ****" via Alvin Allen
When The Hell Am I Gonna Get That Spring Break Tan ?
Already Missing My Brother:'( Have A Safe Trip Bro :)
The more u travel the more u become inspired... Models. Artists. Producers. Lifegrabbers. Live a
I can give a fuck about folks that aren't close.. Shiitttt.. I'm straight without yall
Palomar at Pritzker Pavillion in Millennium Park today at noon. Recording the first installment in our composer alive toronto project
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion
I would've gone with the straight pepper steak & eggs
My 1 year old daughter refuses to leave her shirt on! (*Worried Father*)
Having lots of fun!.
Don't new makeup to cover up, being the way that you are is enou-u-ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> #WhatMakesYouBeatiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ... sulking and nausea.
Laith Kubba: #ArabSpring impossbl w/out #CivilSociety. Much progress for media in #Tunisia but need standards and ethics.
Who wants to do somethinnnn later tonight?
definitely has raw talent. He rocked the stage at Hollins U tonight.
Not having money is the source of all evil ..
you know what would have happened if Ghadaffi's killers had been able to take Benghazi consider that too ! 600k+ would've died
can feel that my eyes are getting abit swollen alrd. :( It's okay. I'll sleep like a pig tomorrow. ^^
but who can?
<3 whatever. hey krista. guess what my favorite color is??? .... #orange ;)
aww thanks Mary! ;)
Thanks for the heads up, Zack. We'll bring this up to EYP leadership and discuss further.
The appendix in *The Story of B* is the most aggressive attack on the foundation of civilization I have ever read.
Yet again I get no invite, I'll have to talk to Smoke about this one.
We're going to see tonight. What're you guys up to?
": It's a bird! It's a plane! Oh wait.. It's the flying fuck I will never give."
Dr. Louis Ptacek's talk is "Human genetics as a window into sleep and clock: implications for human health and disease"
why are you so hot ?!
2nd step? Learning. RT : First step for using social media is listening!
oh I get ya, he said "in that order" and you said agree. Either way, I'm still rooting for the bucks to win it all
not new finding, but has serious consequences for research on social isolation vs. connectedness, esp. in a context of heavy media coverage
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP <U+2665> ^.^
When did pants become super difficult anyways? No wonder other nations think we are a little behind. Woo Haa!
omg.we needa go buy madre a mothers day gift.we gotta go grocery something tomorrow,so we'll take you with us,&we'll run away
that is the most nieve thing I have ever heard.
Watching #MoulinRouge for the first time. :)
On the road to Hilton Head So. CAROLINA!!!!!!!!!!
We'll be closed Fri 28th for a private party. Don't hate me. It's for a good cause. More later. Will make up for it Sat w drink specials!
"A Land Before Titties" -
SO I may or may not be attempting to steal someones BF. OOPS! lol. if you don't tend to the garden, someone else will
Trying to convince a friend to go out...
The more city service apps the merrier! All working towards a common goal of more effective and efficient service!
NEW PET PEVE: when people say "and our hearts go out to all..blah blah." that sounds like useless fake caring bullcrap!! Do better w/ words!
A debilitating relationship is a serious illness, it will begin to eat you away and than you will try to take others with u!
The Illinois Lottery began selling online lottery tickets on the Internet, setting a trend for other states with lottery to follow as well.
Today: Free Yoga on the Bayou 9 AM, Guest teacher at Wild Lotus at 10 AM, Freret St. Ropes Workshop-follow us to stay in the know
Shut up, Luke
Real confused. I met all my goals but i'm still disappointed. Not making much sense to me.
hanging out bench right now is schooling him on dallas TEXAS.
55º and sunny - it's a leap day miracle!
OMFG! So Cool! Im so happy for you :]
FOLLOW ME!<U+2665><U+2665>
“: I will discuss mulling further at school cause this character limit is killing me” hahah right
LIKE! us on facebook - www.facebook.com/Elephilms
any idea on how bad is his foot? reports coming out that he injured it last night...
Memphis can believe NOTHING! Hahaaa
Today is the 3rd annual Difference Makers Day in the Bahamas. Celebrate!!!
almost time to run at forest park with the girls and dogs! yipppeee!
no one cuhss im downloading it MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA!!! kiss my ass :D<3
St Even: Patron saint of peripatetic prognosticators
Everyone needs to eff off.
what color should i die my hair
She was a hoe for sho
genius! /me votes for ice cream floats in Portland.
I'm pretty sure there was an entire MPDG section.
#WeWontWork If you can't make me laugh
#Lions 2012 - first team to 55 wins...
can't wait. U got to pick a school by may 1st. Spoke with my guidance counselor
I'm good! How aee you, M? We need to do lunch soon!
WooooooooooooHoooooooooooooo! Unleash The Fury!
sat in on rehearsals today. thing is looking good. real good
Iron CowboyIII Bull Riding in Arlington.. Who could ask for a better arena for the PBR and watchin the bulls.
- it was clean
Thanks! Yes- looking forward to music.
Most of the people will have to take advantage of this method over the weekend; however, this is not advisable
checking prices they found another problem on leonardo (not surpriced) but I finally made them do work, 1 rim is broken.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Up all night!!! ;)
Lmao!! You're so Welcome! Thank you as well, Beautiful!!
RT : Hello & welcome, perhaps my 5th time and I love it! <=Great 2 havU both here ;)
Can't wait for this game!!!!
Top 7 at 7 hosted tonight by from the K Crew!
Easy girls arent hard to get but the girls with self respect are hard to forget!!
Long day:) but I'm grateful
you got it! I'll be here at 830!
Recording trumpet on someone's reggae track today.
no, still need the back page>_<
sounds like maybe he wasn't waiting... he just forgot to follow up with you...
So seen sum old faces today
Thanks for the follow and the mention! We didn't see 'Briefcase' in that blog, are we missing something? Thanks!
Enjoying Mothers Day with the Family
Facebook is my escape from Disney Channel and Cartoon Network.
“: Having the time of my life #cincodemifflin” <<-- I dunno. Thinking you may have set the bar pretty low.
Checking in at Wild West Cowboy Church, Westcliffe CO. Yee-Haw!
Somebody talk to me!!!
God bless, thank you
RT - I am feeling lucky that the Buffalo Bills will beat the New England Patriots this Sunday.
I think all of Boston Latin is on this bus with me.
Alex Gonzalez has been Bettancourt-esque at the dish tonight
There u go promoting is perfect... Didnt know #BornThisWay was a foundation, U never mentioned that!!!
no doubt! we're working on a rubric for what constitutes a "repository" for databib right now
cannot wait for match of the day.
Wow, where have I been? Not on Twitter.
Team gettin money
Former Prez G Bush in Dallas always, Secret Service too
and i love you! Take solice in the bounty all around us! Rejoice!
James Hillman~ If you are still being hurt by an event that happened to you at twelve it is the thought that is hurting you now.
I got Debt by for Xmas, still havent had time to really crack it open though. Only on chapter 2 now.
yaaay, I saw a friend I knew from 2 years back when I 1st came to LA, I love seeing a familiar face! big kisses to my friends!
Shake it off Yo
“: Cant wait 2 see special cupcakes created 4 by ” Yummyness awaits!
Mom just sent in her 8 yo son 2 request "Fifty Shades of Grey". If you're 2 embarrassed 2 request it it's probably 2 titillating for you...
Starting new diet tomorrow. NO FAST FOOD & NO SODA.
there was an economic assessment of heritage tourism in Florida from last year (?) that one of the FPANs tweeted
As she runs a huge mech is in pursuit of her. Turns out she can turn invisible too, and another mech came to protect her.
OMG!! Lucky you :) hahaha
Tight, scaly, flake skin? Need more water.
Good Morning! =)
I only like to read tweets. Not books.
#idontsupport womanizers. Deadbeat or slouches...
Seriously cool!
I really shouldn't criticize people's eating habits while I'm dipping my finger in mayonnaise.
stop singing fried chicken
I would love to rinse u off. Very sexy girl!!!!
": Wow! My 2003 squad made the highlights of the Uk game. I looked so young back then" Rocking the mini fro and the t shirt. BA
I'll stand on you.
where I work, if you don't get the job done, you get fired. I'd like you to meet
prob a good thing, i very horny
Of course I talk to myself. I need to have an intelligent conversation every now and then.
Two elements of successful leadership: a willingness to be wrong and an eagerness to admit it. Seth godin
We are playing the odu Wesleyan house on 49th street this Friday come out and have a blast with us !!!
Wish I could leave my house or go outside on a lovely mothers day.... TOO BAD MY LIFE SUCKS AND I HAD TO TAKE PREAP CHEMISTRY
Thanks for following!!
They allude the young ones are getting MLIS right out of college, without work or practical experience.
School shooting in Jacksonville, FL. A fired Spanish teacher murdered headmaster of Episcopal Day School with assault rifle.
Coach-san, your best #poker still inside! NOW TIME LET OUT!!
RT : "Being gorgeous is the best revenge." - Ivana Trump #Hot100 returns today!
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
lol not mine .
Someone needs to do a database of porn like #imdb!
If you have time for reservations, Tabard Inn or Founding Farmers. If not, I always enjoy Front Page.
The real question is why am I not at
Good morning friends!! up and ready for action.. cleaning the house in a bit ;)
no bugs, it's a HUMAN centipede...
Dude. #CommonLaw is looking really good so far!!!
it always gets better. Just know that :-) trust me.
All you have to do is know where you're going. The answers will come to you of their own accord.” ~ Earl Nightingale
#49ersLockerRoomPlaylist Drake - Over
It must not be working because it doesn't say that you are following me. :( Wanna try again?
Thank you, sweetheart. Looks like you're busy in NYC. Hope you're managing to have fun, too. See you soon.
New #SouthPark......Start!
Remember: #Intimidation is an unacceptable #marketing tactic. Please follow us. Thank you.
I'm dying. This is so early. Nap time happening later for sure
I weighed in and gained 0.9 lbs.
hahaha do you have any of the power ups?
Keep it censored sweetie... #subtweet about your
Tonight's second Wonder Years guest star IMDB search: Kevin Arnold's crush in this episode played "Mars Sister" in the ET knockoff Mac & Me.
I was in Jiffy Lube waiting on my oil change, when hot women, after hot women came & went. It was better than a coffee shop!!!
"daddy's gonna kill Ralphie!"
Family BBQ feelin wavy
RT : Q6: parents/families can be engaged as students/co-learners so they, too, can be empowered via tech
love you to <U+E32A>
" Thxs for following ! Wonderful event last night!! It was a pleasure to cover for "
Oh wow. Looks fancy! Love the new site and the new office. I bet would love to do an Agency Tour. Who can I email?
I also wanted to be locked into a phone booth with hihih,would have been nice. Love u Tango! <3
I love this. Tardy for class Paul!
At least melo is clutch ! Haha
Good afternoon! I'm upset about Big Show too! But not to worry I think he may be fired on Sunday!! (:
man bored out my fuckin mind somebody help me.
If the #caps hold on when would game 7 be?
My Night's Almost Over...
Do before you think
Spreading false rumors that you're pregnant? Hahaha
Missed Scandal tonight. Can't wait until the episode is released online.
Most definitely! Every Thursday!
Whats your favorite part of the I'm a Man video?!
Can't wait for spring football. Especially excited to get back inside Autzen.
tonight we trading places <3
Did you reach him????
She got it.
No, Goodnight looks better (:
RT : #tiip4p Matt Donovan , Realities of User Generated Content Survey results: 91% of those surveyed leverage or plan to do so.
one night only?? Why
Good morning everyone (good morning mentions please)
Dads aren't supposed to use emoticons more than 13yr old girls. I can't tell what's worse-that or sharing his cherry soda lip smackers.
haha you always assume the worst when people say that!!
My plant is sprouting. I'm so proud. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm down with everything except the first four words LOL “: To Hell with Georgia! #redsolocup #whatsthegoodword”
lmao ha yu love the d
You're welcome Thank you for the #Shoutout!
Go Head!
I know, I suck. Thank you fore plugging my phone in.
who uses Draw Something????? omg I am the worst at that game!! Sorry for those who play me!!! lol
Robert Shiller DIVERSIFY has always been (the mantra) but now my students just find that boring
i'm bored.
that's a lunch break
Aww Harry! I lurve him. But I lurve them all. Oh & we were watching The Vow.
kuuuuuuud what u know bout da armory n da burg??? I went a couple times myself!!! Small ass world I see
hello friend, happy to see you on Twitter!
a very good team
thank you for the kind words. so glad to hear kevin is doing better.
So what are you guys up to nowadays?
I just love musicals. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2764>
I love Sundays! Breathe in, breathe out :) Ah...
Haven't heard on the movement check out www.sustainablehouston.org When we are all able to #slgt and #buylocal everyone benefits!
today is the last day to enter our contest! tweet a pic of your best hair day and tag it
somehow I keep missing the Boston #meetplango event, any idea when the next will be?
Yep. That's why I said it's rarely right for mobile. But desktop/tablet devices have so many different resolutions. /cc
#AllIWantForXmas is some new tattoos
Our President has finally Evolved. And that's with a capital "E" for Equality.
working hard but fine! Ssup with you?
$750.00 off complete kitchen remodel or $650.00 off complete bathroom remodel/ Palatin Remodeling Inc for all Diversity Platinum members.
#thought. If people and the internet will combine into a giant global superbrain, what happens when the superbrain gets depressed?
Astronomers detect vast amounts of gas and dust, including a strong carbon signal, in the galaxy that contains t..
oh oh text me it! Lol
“When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.” - Jimmy Smith
what do you want to know?
email to - minister music/director, church address, phone and email. thanks!
Started decorating for #Christmas last night. Can't wait to get home and do some more decorating! :)
yay! thanks for being our 700th Follower!!! :) DM your address for a $5 Frenchy's card
who's know where u are @ this moment in ur relationship I jus hope u follow ur heart don't loose urself again.
I'm trying to come back to life feeling a bit drained
yes, of course. This is the 3rd most serious thing that's happened to me the whole year. :)
We don't share 'em just for the sake of sharing, but if one needs to access something for some reason then no problem sharing.
haha hell yeah =]
Off with your head, dance till you're dead
hey thanks for following me
The wife of a doctor called the casino to get her husband paged. They refused. The house doesn't make doctor calls
What an incredibly special week in Orlando with the Parrott Family.
Up texting oomf
And the Giants are alive and well again.
yes, but text-mined sentiment analytics can provide good actionable insight.
Bring in a group and enjoy a bottle of champagne and a cheese and fruit plate for the Oscars!
Carter is wearing skinny jeans. With a belt.
Design your own apparel with our slick design tool, by uploading our templates or by uploading your own art.
amnesia was rocking tonight
Wish I could go to the baseball game but instead, I will be working
I want a motorcycle.
Bored! So I'm watchin my dad try to fix my car! I jus wanna kick the damn thing but I don't think that will fix it! Lmfao!!
Night big sis
That's why I skip straight to the whiskey.
haha. I would play his songs as a joke, it has slowly turned into a weird obsession
is there good music to be found at any stadium?
Today is already starting in pain
Nice selection. I approve. :cD
Swag , tybalts got swag --Mrs.Crouse
#WeWontWork If There's No Trust!
"upper 60s this afternoon with several places hitting 70" - Dinner al fresco!
Self-discipline is a pattern of behavior where you choose to do what you know you should do, rather than what you want to do.
No matter what, Keep going!
Something feels empty <U+E403>
Some people really know how to piss me off
MERCI! >RT Crepes today are all of your faves! Ham & Cheese, Nutella, Crepe Sucree, & Sweet Lemon! Crepe stand open 12-2pm.
Why do you say that?
: scape platform will look at screenshot of archived site in contemporaneous browser to see if newer browser can render
Bitch puhhhlease, Dunkin doesn't even have my skinny non-fat latte with whipped cream...and your user-name is an oxymoron
Essay in Social studies thats due monday, have two more in this class due friday , and have a a**load of work in science :\
lol yes i am #omg ;P
Apparently the lesson is groups of white Republicans are conspiring to commit voter fraud. Thanks James O'Keefe for the proof
wavy lines!
But if joe talked to be like he talked to Teresa, I would have been smothered him in his sleep..
IndieGoGo.com campaign perks in the mail, AGCers.
Rt if you're enjoying the
next time if you say you gon b there PLEASE be there!!!!
Just sent an email to try and score tix to their VIP party at #SXSW - hook a girl up
Thunder killed it dude!!!
Of course it rains when I do my hair.
Word! I'm down.
#myfavoritethings beautiful brunette girls!
22-mile hike up the (continental) US' tallest mountain this weekend. Making bread my bitch.
I just was talking with my artist about the labels trying to sign him! He is the next rap star!
Do you run any type of daily or happy hour specials?
Vacuums make me paranoid.
or at least few hundred years
and I are.
Off to Costco to fill up on samples!! =D
Support local entertainment!
RT Awesome family family Christmas tonight.. great to all back together! :-)
SUBWAY ok now that i got your attention please follow
Just teat drove the Scion xD aha smooth ride bro!! xD
Life is like the twisty slide at the park. Go down it enough times and eventually you'll expect the turns and make the same ones.
They are also super nice guys and probably very easy for announcers to deal with
What's the one thing you've been wanting to understand about your persuasion trigger?
dude super punk!
Eating donuts....deleting ppl off my FB....tuned n to TD Jakes....listening to the word...
MB location will be opening for brunch on the weekends effective immediately, first 30 guests will get a Simmzy's trucker hat too
My money isn't as long as it used to be but my soul is much deeper.
work today?
WANTED: Elementary teacher who uses web 2.0 in teaching social studies in wow ways. Email if u can help
General constractor - estimating, remodels, additions, new construction, and more! Give us a call (505) 379-2763
That sucked. Sums up this game.
Do I even matter to you?
#GiveObamaCreditfor... Vets who have to wait three months to see a doc. He can kill Bin Laden but he can't take care of the people who didit
Spent my morning meeting folks & seeing old friends at while promoting Bike to Work Week!
Having fun today?? We want your feedback
I wish we woke up around the same time like they do in movies!
Someone get their nails done with me(:
Just cruised past 35 last weekend. I'll keep you posted.
Attending the ISRII conference for Internet base e-health information in Sydney, Australia.
Gotta love thos #NickyBallz :D :D
iTS THUGG LOVE TiLL THE FULLEST ....U AiNT GOT NO BUSTA<U+2665>
Ha ha ha ha ha #do da bitch #crankin up that bitch #I will cut you with my mothafuckin potatoo piller. GodsGirl777
favoriting every laker fan i see =)
you're so welcome
*Happy Birthday to the 41P.O.A.D! We may be far away but you'll always be here in my heart. Love you guys so much! Muah*
I've been standing outside this tucking school for 20min
Look at it this way, now you are prepared for any wine party that comes along.
Huh? That crosses creepy and heads into stalker-y
Tons of fun and hard work! All for a little over 6 minutes of goofiness!
sharing his own family history and interest in genealogy.
Fucking put in Tim Dillard... 4.57 era... How stupid can u be in the 11th inning?
I only got to my desk to turn on my computer at 12:30. Busy day!
GOP about supporting Romney. We don't like him that much, but at least he is a white guy
only five more hours until #STARS NEW SINGLE spread the good werd!
There's an obvious connection to be made btwn net art and art e-books that we haven't yet made, but hope to someday soon ...
Awesome to see #GodUniverse as a trending topic. Amen? :)
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Too much going on tonight. Brewers ? Cubs, GOP debate, 3 hour WWE Raw... #nerdalert don't judge me lol
“: It's tempting to see things the way you wish they were instead of how they are. –Robert (Enchanted)”
Thanks for the follow - sending eco-friendly hugs your way!
I looked up Twitter Broski and it pulled up !
hope all is well, have a glorious day and weekend
I wish my trainer would just have inside recess today. We could play checkers!
Today, I stop chasing fame and rather the glory of my king, Jesus Christ. I feel called to record these new songs for my solo project Aut...
free DVD rental #fail ended up w/ a scratched J.Edgar movie
"dude, those are some sick Crocs!"
NOM. one of my favorites.
charleston. I have a free movie ticket out south ridge
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)xoxoxox
#gwu, come try the basmati rice and butter chicken and homemade naan at Aroma
We will be at the Greenwood Public Parking Lot (Main&Madison) today from 11:00am-3:pm...come on down and enjoy a great hot dog...
thanks for sharing!
There's just something about a plain black tee and dark wash jeans that feels so
Busy day... just heard Obama wants to get QB1 traded to the Bears. AWESOME!
Ah, forgot how lovely it is to sleep in a cold room with a heavy blanket and the sound of pouring rain outside my window. I <3 u Boston!
Marilyn Hotchkiss Ballroom Dancing and Charm School + Red Wine = Heartwarming Relaxation. Maybe I need to learn a new kind of dance.
thank you!
Today I'm presenting Preventing Injuries in Child Care & Child Passenger Safety @ the Indiana Injury Prevention Conference
Oh? You often rawr-rawr-rawr in libraries? I thought you were more private than that.
I'm diggin' this post Melo Denver
Listening to #daRain! Perfect song for today in East Tennessee!! Love you bunches! #Thyroiddiseasesux Im there with ya!
10/14/2010 Cathay Pacific's Tom Wright: Prose About People Forbes India
I have to to drive to mt healthy. no idea where that is. I'm going to get lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no and we forgot to explain the whole thing to amy.
The line moves much slower when my stomach is eating itself.
You have some very interesting articles. Love it! I am a nature lover I will be visiting your posts regularly :-)
Trooper: street race on Okeechobee Road like a "death valley." Coming up at 6 am on NBC6: how racers try to make a closed course
Magic Bird tonight!
You're welcome! I will take a look and get back with you on this.
So tired can't wait to sleep tonight....so busy its insane....like my daddy always says " I can sleep when I'm dead"
And: Committing to a rebuild is one thing, it's another thing entirely to trust the org to do it right. Right now, I don't.
i don't follow random links from people I don't know.
got it - thanks for the tweet.
social status = # of voice mails in the 90's, # of emails in the 00's, # of retweets / repins / likes / shares now . pls RT / like ;-)
As my mom would say, I LOVEE HIM!
hahaha I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you jealous
#netbaseknows I want brand clients for my new startup company
I'm mad right now.
in another zone....#Posted for the time being been on the move handling bidness all day - and work - what a day...
LACMA survey indicated that only 20% of smartphone users had a QR reader or understood what a QR code is.
Wait Till yall here my remix to Sure Thing
Let's hope da world will aid us if da U.S. government continues stealing&misleading Americans forcing some2protest facing persecution/worse!
I can't wait for the concert!
When you give life happiness, life give you it back.
Another WRESTLING Revolution is taking place
Poor mister fell asleep @ 9 while watching our new fav show. Making him get off the love seat to go to bed.
Catching up on Mad Men. Alexis Bledel sounds so very un-Gilmore Girls on this show! Very grown up.
A bearded George Clooney will play Paul Krugman one day, I'm convinced.
That moment when you realize what you want to do tonight and what you definitely should never do are the same thing...
Another #FF #Friday <U+2605><U+2605><U+2605>s to #Follow MaryJonesFl :)
Marriott! Need a break! ": hell y'all doing tonight ?"
Tough loss for the #Thunder when they were up by 18 in the 3rd! Even worse for my Clippers To Win the Pacific futures!!!
Thanks for passing it on. You're great!
They Keep On Stressin Me But He Keep On Blessin Me
Company Reminder-Competition Dress Rehearsal today. All dancers 1:30-6! Come ready w/hair, makeup, costumes, etc. it's gonna be a great day!
ALL MY LADIES HAVE FUN FOR VALENTINE'S DAY!!!
Remember that January allday excursion we did our 1st year as Masters students? Talk about middle of nowhere.
hahahahahha amen sister!
S/o cause she so trill!!!Tell sammie i said whats poppin!
At Chick-fil-a getting lunch. "Do you know who I am? I drive a Volvo!" thought would get a laugh.
home goods! There is one in la canada....AMAZING
Why don't i own mean girls on dvd?
Happy Persian New Year to all my fellow Iranians! I'll be celebrating on stage tonight at The Comedy Store 'C' Word Show 8pm. Come on out!
Love you, too, mommy<U+E022><U+E415>
Half my seat is wet.. So now half my ass is wet. Thanks.
I mean, it did take place a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.
ANNA MESSAGE ME ON SKYPE ABOUT IT TMRW
" i`ll see you in 3 weeks though, so i`m barely gone " you`re the cutest.
Had such a great time with Abby outside of class. All these haters that kept staring at us made my night. ;)
#np UGK - Pocket Full Of Stones....
sorry im late but the songs u sent were dope.... Props
News PGA Tour Confidential: Previewing Tiger's return and the Timberlake Open Tiger Woods returns (again) this week with a l
thanks! great job creating such a comprehensive archive of
Which Acer netbook are you using?
Hi there! Long time no talk...gr8 to "see" you!
Education means inspiring someone’s mind, not just filling their head. Katie Lusk
Adobe's Elliot Sedehah: Metrics exist to drive a primary business goal. Content and metrics MUST work together
someone gets perv then block them!
Funkagenda of course!
Having a great time at the #ABAERR midwinter meeting
damn right.
All branches are up and running after #vairene except is closed today. & also closed for repairs
I'm hearing the thunder in #SanDiego but not seeing the lightning. Where is it?
Feels like I'm drowning without your love.
Sweet! A hard drive failure. I didn't have anything else to do with my day tomorrow, you know.
put down a monkey on Chelsea 2-1 tonight!
Wonder what Warhol would have thought of my watching #empirefilm via tweets.
If Vilma offered $10K to anyone injuring Favre he needs yr off IMO RT : should some of the Saints players be suspended as well
The amazon tablet? I'm intrigued by that rumor.
For any reason whatsoever.
Thought I could see the light at the end of the semester-long tunnel…then I got to
Although it may not be for everyone, some think going for a run on a first date is the greatest idea since sliced bread. More » Post fro
About to max these tacos. Then blow back on some loud
Hearing about next big things at #I2SMM12 & OARNet's 100Gig network. "If Ohio is going to have a future, we need to be...invested in tech."
“Call To Action”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Moe Rafiuddin,
"librarians are working wherever knowledge is critical to society"- professor Dave Shumaker on
Nice. Also happy birthday !
Never waste a minute of your precious life by squandering it thinking about people you don't like.
Heading to catch up with the one and only Glenn Pingul. Looking forward to it.
Looking forward to the opening tonight!
You are not hard bumpin a stereo in a Plymouth Neon....
Some amazing #legal and #business webinars coming up hosted by my friend Attorney Heather Atkinson and top notch guests Register for...
Post your highlight tape on YouTube to recruithighschool.com for free make your player profile get more exposure today
Keep on spreading the word on Coop's BBQ! We aim to provide delcious, authentic BBQ to as many people as we can!
i love your background (:
Im a 3 year breast cancer survivor, good to be alive,follow me for inspuration each day
and you thought i forgot. Hahaha:)
#Jackass is on right now and Dan is laughing his ass off!
Yum cheesesteak RT : Philadelphia in the house!
: What's wrong with just using Facebook likes? I kid, I kid... Do it well sir. Do it well...
same here. Working nights suck.
we join the rest of the nation today in remembering the sacrifices of our 25 million veterans & expressing appreciation for their service <3
Help! How to manage school, kids, and writing, how do I conquer stress and sleep and get more energy...COFFEE DOESN'T WORK!!! :(
NFL Draft Rumors: Bills Looking to Move Up to Third Pick
Favorite new wine : 2009 Cab Franc, La Madrid, "Reserve", Agrelo Vineyard, Mendoza, Argentina. Dark and Yummy!
"New Year, New Me!" -Every girl tonight
Maybe take Colby out?? #Rangers your thoughts?
Have you ever googled yourself? :D Love you!
#apple would be my favorite brand/
it was pretty slim pickens from the start
Hopefully with ! Looking forward to the event next week.
Big fan of yr SurprFree podcast.Is the intro/"outro" volume intentionally abt 50dB louder than the interview volume?
ok I'm not sure how far along she is..but I'll let u know when she delivers :-)
Hampton celebrates 20 years as Tree City
Hey, thanks for the link!
My nigga you got mad squabbles dog
that's cute
Meeting w/Butler and IUPUI profs next week to talk about their MBA programs. Who has one? Is it worth it?
Lunch a Day Giveaway! Follow & Retweet for chance to win one of our $7 Speedy Lunch Specials. "1 winner/day"
just the woman who was speaking. Sorry.
Fuck yes! Congrats, sir!
Small Bump by Ed Sheeran is pure perfection
good talk.. we'll see you in a few weeks!
I need to get lifted asap
#starwalk mercury goes direct!
Just finished working out for 2 hrs. Was hard, but I feel so good! & we're having gorgeous amazing weather in Dallas today!
...inextricable from that of their students
(: I just hope this blows over quickly, and that whoever did it just grows up and deletes the account.
Irked that the variety of moleksin planner I like (weekly planner + notes) is hard to find. Irked enough to pay shipping. Darn you digital.
#Shoutout to go follow them now if you are a true
I love how songs can express the exact emotion you're feeling at that moment. It's as if you helped write the lyrics!
People are still not entirely sure how to monetize the blogosphere.
he actually picked me! :D i was the first called up :)
I like Andre and CJ2K
Having a few at bitter end! Ok maybe more than a few! Lol
how hype are we though
I don't know, what? Lol
The gap in thoughtfulness between a typical essay and its comments is one of the widest conceptual chasms in the known universe.
I just read tweet and i thought it was awesome!
I see that particular hit and argue thing a lot.most of the time it loses the point of what might be a -
what if we could breathe in space, but the government just doesnt want us to escape.. think about that
Keith Urban is here!!!!!!!
btw, I was at the Futures/Celebrity too. Was it just me, or did the first inning (Futures) last three innings?!?
R.I.P Whitney! You had an amazing voice but if it wasn't only for them damn drugs
yes! Ick! Maybe even in the history of TV.
thank you for sharing and for calling attention to the comments!
oh are we doing evening #mkBiblechat ?
no midnight anxiety about the dewey decimal system?
How did I know you'd be watching Coffee Addiction? Doing some research?
Okay, so most years have been assholes to the Royals, but this one especially.
I swear to god, i knew already that the city Springfield in the simpsons was in Oregon!
Im not waking up tomorrow.
Vanity license plate spotted: TO OZ. #Australia? Or Baum's imaginary Land of #Oz? Both sound good on a rainy day in
I got you
Lol, You Already Know!!
they won! Thank god..cant stand the Heat
Obama? That is cheesy!
Someday you will find me caught beneath the landslide in a champagne supernova in the sky...
At my niece's school for honors night... I dislike middle school. I was such a bad ass, got into A LOT of trouble...
Why is it that Monday is so far away from Friday but Friday is so close to Monday? #iWantSummer <33
Hello Alice
that's my job!
Happy birthday <3 your not-so-secret admirer
#IfIHadItMyWay, People would not drag others down; instead, they would rise up to make themselves better.
HotelVQ.com is getting a NEW look & we can't wait to share! Stay tuned!!!!
Bill Melega's World Hist session on using primary sources was fun! His HOT (higher order thinking) makes good classroom sense.
I will post kitty pictures as soon as possible. I can't wait to show you!!
": I want a pet :'( #ForeverAlone" I feel you, 100% --___-
Time to decorate the tree
I'm loosing followers by the tweet RT : Curious what Klout will say about after the
Drink water through a napkin or paper towel...also try a spoonful of regular sugar...
feeling really stupid :(
Pulaski Hwy N of Bmore signed as cycling route. Don't get how a lone cyclist could survive it. Shoulders disappear, 6 lanes of heavy traffic
"The hurtin's on me, yeah"
Hey! What are your feelings on the Flyers game?
This Clipper/Memphis game is an absolute war!
bummer we didn't get to connect! hope you had a safe trip home, and please let me know if you ever pass thru Kansas City
Our Handicap and American Flags are free with purchase of the 30" or 40" pole..easy to attach to your cart!! www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com
Ulster county spca was evacuated last night due to flooding. Currently they are housed in a building with no electricity, they
a collective "Holy S--t" from. BBN : Holy S--t. Anthony Davis down and holding knee.
EXCITED I MIGHT BE GOING TO CALIFORNIA THIS WEEKEND BEST NEWS OF THE WEEK! i hope it happens
lol. Homie did miss two free throws. Where MVPs do that at?
Great night so far. Tomorrow is gonna be fucking dope as well!
I can probably be there safely by 2:15pm, but that also might be tight. Perhaps we reschedule this time.
u watching it on a portable tv while getting water for D level rappers like mac miller and copywrite?
I'm glad someone besides me thought of the song!
well shit i need a video man for hoop I'm trying to make some tapes
Winston Moss
i plan to change both nights. Into what? It will be a surprise to even me.
It's Friday!!! You know what that means! Thanks to my new followers and !
Execution mistake: missing opportunities to act. Via Karen Halvorson
LMAO! Bless your heart. ;-)
Perfect, I just need to get in touch with to confirm.
We got to see a pre-screening yesterday. Bottom line (no spoilers): GREAT. just great. we got more details if you want.
yea they do!
Let's trade Lacee for one of those girls in the club.
Seriously he's like 4'11 and he's talking shit about my boyfriend. I'm about to drop kick him in his midget face loooooooool
Feeling like everyone needs a in their life.
Pretty sure I just saw a kid shooting up in the alley by wild flour bakery? Really? Couldn't have been older than 18 and wasn't hiding it.
9 piece straight 8 balls mjg b***h. I got 8 balls I love that song
Jermichael has got to catch that jump ball. Dude needs to "test free agency" after the year is over.
my time is suckin balls
Last week of school, finals, prom, graduation, summer, open house, college >>>>>>>
why you love so good and hurt even worse? Damn. :-)
Lol why did I just get super mad!?
wish i had time to hoop outside today....
RT : The pimpin ice cold all these bitches wanna chill <U+E326>
yes...Memorial Day is coming up.....that why I"m taking off the other 4 days that week...going someplace big!
okay good! Lol
my level of confusion is worse than I thought! All coming back to me now haha
": Michael Bay. RT : Greatest movie villain of all time?"
Answered a bonus question about Skyrim correctly at trivia. Won myself a free beer.
can't wait, i luv your videos <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RIP Whitney
Steak, and (Wheat), makes a week in St Louis a good thing.
Omg I think ill be in bed at 9 again
People in Austin tweeting about the weather....you kill me
My laptop is being so slow right now that even the task manager is freezing. Wtf? :(
I've been awake for 36 hours. Holy damn. Time for sleep. Night.
That is awesome!
Ive been throwing up for the past hour.
MIDDAY TUESDAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it noon
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died
RT : WWW.PHREEPS.COM is got your code word for Madison's best deals. Check us out!!!
I guess ill wash my truck today.
3-0 in left right center
La Regalando Tickets Pa El Megaton De Polito Vega En El Parke,
Money make the coochie go woo woo!
Cutting hair does not influence its growth.
Tommy Digger Gugger says he can go to Jigsaw, plug in a company and get all the SW engrs in that company <---wrong, misleading
#DodgeRepair - Melloy Dodge is your convenient car dealer for Dodge service & repair in Albuquerque.
If your wine supply is running low make sure to get in here and stock up. We have a variety of wines on sale until Saturday!
Wow. After watching this show I am definitely NOT rushing to get married!
...and some jerk off snagged my VIP parking space. Must be amateur hour for RMC Event Staff.
“: In the US, 45,000 hamburgers are eaten every minute.” poor cows :(
Shit White Guys Say to Brown Guys
hate ta c sumone text while drivin meantime they're slowin me down!!!!
“: This chocolate tastes funny... I should've known better than to accept eggs from a squirrel.”//That's the wrong holiday rodent.
how long it take to find out how'd it go? hope u did really awesome but u suck
Watching for first time tonight, had to say u #blewmeaway Hope u take it all! Congrats
90% of Atheists are cry-baby pussies.
roar im a dinosaur
no idea actually -- but don't worry, i'm rather secure in my manhood. I can handle carrying my wife's purse and being on that list
Awww Is Performing Yeah3x Should Of Danced For Him :)
see you there big boy!!!
so I am out here about to kill time lines again with some real talk what will you like to hear.
Great to be in touch! thanks for reaching out.
A thing called love, yeah its #overrated. I'm focused on the moment where I'm like bytch I made it.
": I love when miss punch leaves me in charge of the class #whadup" did she learn english yet?
thanks. Always loved that song too. :)
code 1 sounds serious
Ding fries are done ding fries are done
Happy Mothers Day!! May you have a joyous day filled with Gods blessings!!
So, is Braun's supplier based in SoCal?
According to son, #Romeny is 'extraordinarily' cheap (unless when it comes to buying mansions). Romney sounds like Mr Burns in real life
We're at UNC Charlotte today for a Digital Humanities Symposium: The potentials and practicalities of digital humanities scholarship.
How are you doing? You must be tired...
I saw that! Beautiful pics of the AC coastline. How'd you do?
Another successful spring game for the #Badgers, mostly because nobody was seriously hurt.
It can be hard to think of meals a week in advance but I highly suggest that you try to plan ahead as far as you can.
taking my drug and alcohol course then going to get my permit test in sometime...>_> :D
#NowPlaying. Dru Hill. Never Make A Promise.
You will never become who you want to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
How did you guess!! I was thinking it when they snapped my pic, lol. And that's so on my dream list :-)
This tweet is for holla
Wacks likes coffee [----- this much ------], am I right? RT It's much more pleasant
Thanks to all who came out last night to make the night an insane success. That #patio is now broken in.
Horns are made for a reason and I take full advantage of them!
Good suggestions. Thanks!
I spent a day in Gibraltar in HS. .5 square mile...and I got lost.
honestly. No matter what he did he could never exceed the insane expectations the team put on him. It wasn't his fault.
get that stupid Mountain Dew ad off your homepage, it's ridiculous
key word is SOMETIMES.
that was a sick dunk. RT : ain't playing!!!
s/o to An underrated Hooper
ya your parent a are coming. And ya i think that might be what we are doing.
I'm so proud of . #AustinsFirstSingle <U+2665>
haters gonna hate mr. Richie said it was cool to be old school
Haha I'm about to do that today! Synced my new work email to my phone. That was a short-lived 2 weeks w/out phone email overload.
Lol wanted to go to sixflags on sunday
I didn't steal anything, Dad gave me his upgrade
Next time I wake up to read the headline "Baby with 'Bucket List' Dies" I am going back to sleep.
"Don't postpone your greatness. Your time is now." -Robin Sharma
I sure hope your feeling is right, course I am going to the EPT :)
Hello, Darkness, my old friend.
LETs Go SUNS
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”
-_- wht makes me mad .. Wen someone ask me if im mexican <<<<<<<<
yes he is!
Thanks ! It's a great lifestyle! And we'll be bringing more and more of it to you! Thanks for helping to spread the word!
The church should do their thing and the rest of the world can do their thing, all for the sake of peace, I think it's worth it.
HIstory Thursday: this flipbook was used as marketing for the LA Theater. Charlie Chaplin in City Lights circa 1931.
Drew: I disagree, the Umps were terrible and should be called out every time b/c a strike is a strike and ball a ball everytime.
Goss: Presence of caring adults in communities and neighborhoods is key. Not just parents.
Would you be able to send $3-5? That's all we're asking for. Not asking for big money donations.
i'm kind of addicted to
If we delight ourselves in the Lord, He will place His desires within our hearts and make sure our motives are godly and true.
Former Badger Ryan Suter with a goal and an assist for Predators vs. Coyotes. Phoenix leads Nashville 5-3 in 3rd.
People do the darnest things these days :) #~Sentry Scene#~
follow our home girl <3
Don't beat around the kitchen island. Just say it.
No cell phone Sunday was a gas
Love listening to music and getting lost in the production of it!
haha seriously alaska is boring as hell and ill text you in 20min.
Why are you here?
We’ll be playing beautiful music in a beautiful hotel. Join us October 25th, 3 PM Belden Stratford Hotel at 2300 N Lincoln Park W, Chicago.
see also: #Life RT : Coming up with #ideas is the easy part. Getting others to buy into them is the hard part.
GO #BREWERS!
Editing aside, my new vacuum cleaner arrived today, and I'm about to tear this place up.
I am! The opener ( ) is a friend of ! Heading down 9:15ish. You?
Today I left my house 2 hours early to allow 4 rush hour traffic. Today was also the 1st day I made it 15 miles in 20 minutes.
RT Happy Mothers Day to all you moms out there!!<U+E303><U+E304><U+E305><U+E306> Enjoy your day! :)
don't startle the rapist
G.M.N.I.: The lyrics of her private song..composed of sighs & silent moans. Live recording..light is on..rehearsal for tonight is long.
IVE NEVER KNOWN FOR THE PLAYOFF SCHEDULE TO HAVE BACK 2 BACK GAMES.
Officially on Google+ thanks to
yea.....when u ready to go half on a baby
From the F my life portion of my wife Stef's day, she broke her ankle. In the middle of a move...impeccable timing! Fuck I feel bad for her!
But only 3 years until #Pi Day 3/14/15 and no leap days stand between now and then
Saw Deathlyhallows Pt. 2 Best Movie Ever. Had me in legit tears at least 3 times.
million dollar question...will David Beckham even bother to show for his galaxy v. rapids game tonight?
One more hour of our Fabulous Five Dollar Pastrami Sandwich
i just support good music.. yah digG
There's 95% chance I'll be going back to Texas this summer :))
mine too but look at the lack of finding players to fill holes this past off season instead u spend 220mil on another slugger
Turns out someone stole my eCredits. Thank you the customer team for getting to the bottom of this.
Yes! This one is approved.:)
good point! RT : Q3: I can't expect them to eat a salad if I'm scarfing french fries.
128 days till graduation! :)
she luvs to get wet..lake,pond,puddle, it doenst matter
RT : Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; Good things are yours. -Proverb
Boi I'm too nice -___-
I am so sick of cloudy rainy weather ugg. My fav band is coming to hang out SAT wit me yea they only know Spanish CAN NOT WAIT TO C U GUYS
Good morning everyone. Had a great weekend and now off to work!
Have I been living in a cave? COMICS! : Sweet there is a funnel cake truck at #planetcomicon"
POTUS: Today, we’re giving 10 states the green light to continue making reforms that are best for them.
I agree. RT Someone just asked what my placement % rate was. I just said "yes".
its all gud bomb w33d and palm trees.. beautiful women too. u will love this ish.. u wrk today?
going to cry. omg.
Thanks for the #FF! RT : Cool women's history sites I just found: Happy
didn't get a ride in this AM. Had to take the wife to the train station.
I cannot tolerate that word either!
Going to watch Queen of Queens! Good luck to my friends that are in it! :D
Why, yes, I WILL watch season 1 episode 1 of The X-Files.
We're watching what the Sen Budget committee is proposing for funding (or diverting) for land conservation. Watch for our action alerts.
What's it like in our restos tnite?
Keeping a record-it may be helpful for both the employer & employee to keep a record of all discussions, agreements,meetings held
well....depends on who they get. I'm open to the reboots on comic films. They're interpretations on characters....
This is why we skinny nigga! RT : People who smoke Marijuana on average, weigh less than those who don't.
Today's going to be a good day(:
and that is a crap sound bite! try "No millionaire should pay less taxes than a working man'
Heat refs very helpful. Pacers lousy free throw shooting even more helpful.
we get worked up over what we consider our craft, our lively hoods and business integrity.
“: At Fridays with n dranking” Who's jealous... me -____-
Its cool
Would they flip Lebron for Dwight? It seems too obvious, right?
RT Take your career to the next level this year.
where you @ man?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 22
oh not at all! i just realized this am that you sent me one last tweet and i didn't want u to think i purposely dropped off xoxoxo
Spinach salad w/fat free cottage cheese, ground turkey, 1/2 small avocado, and Marzetti's Raspberry Cabernet vinaigrette. AHHHMAZING.
marry me naow
Sending sad face made me smile :), thanks Kay, see you Monday. :)
just speaking the #truth :)
don't forget the hashtag!
"When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger."
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow every girl is beautiful.
I don't wanna leave but I #GottaGo right now
Opening up the mic to whoever wants to speak. Helicopters flying overhead.
Thank you!
Reading Karl Marx reminds of the priceless words of Obi-Wan Kenobi - "only Sith deal in absolutes."
": Can lebron tie the game...."lol I think we all know that answer
Thank you, maintenance guy for attempting to fix the wrong outlet and leaving a huge mess of dry wall in my bathroom. Roar.
... there's something else
Blonde hair, Tatted up, Chillen wit my sweats on thats wen Im the sexiest you know you want me all night long
Tough seeing Matt Kemp go on the DL, but it is worth making sure he stays healthy. Ok timing with #Dodgers huge division lead
soon you may have to start smuggling birth control in from Mexico.
your welcome!!! It was super amazing!
west Virginia wbu
don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful. they can all get fucked just stay true to you.
okay james, the rib kicking can stop now
#ToMyUnbornChild it'll be a while, but I'm sure you'll be kickass.
Expect the unexpected.
tomorrow? :) im gonna eat dinner now
Nikki! Stop Blowing Up twitter!
Hey, are you masturbating tonight? I couldn't tell.
Tomorrow evening would be super on this end!
I like one team, one, and that's enough to drive me into a padded room
Want to know what's crazy? The fact that I'm still madly in love with you && you've already moved on.
hahaha more of a phrase, but yeah, you got the right idea! When did you learn Japanese???
I stopped drinking soda and stopped eating French fries one time for 6 weeks. Lost almost 15 lbs.
chocolate black pepper cookies are BACK! Starting today you will be able to get them everyday.
GO #Bearcats ! Win win win!! Wearing Uc Pride
saving seats for my peeps
All dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. ~ Walt Disney
Please dear god let me be wrong
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets! Thought others in Dallas would want to know about you.
I'm ambivalent about most of the recent Google design changes, but the new version of Analytics is really frustrating.
Good picks, Jeff. Have a great weekend!
HURRY UP DAMN IT
I've followed ya
you should meet up with he is at Taj and is a master at living out of his car on a poker road trip like you.
thanks Mike :) hope you had a very Merry Christmas!
you getting a bike?
cool can't wait to hear about it!!!
I've hit a follow limit! What's the easist way to find my followers who aren't following me
Ahaha Why ? o: Like Your Eyes Better !
#DrJohn show with #DanAuerbach botched by sound man #BAM. Could hear his solos but otherwise inaudible
have u guys struck deal charlie v?
": Jealousy is just a type of insecurity"
Commemorating Abdul-Baha's Historic 100 year anniversary visit to Howard University tonight at Rankel Chapel
Time to take it home #LAKERS!!!!
n'aw! Thanks Julie!
they so are..that was crazy, but I guess it happened, often, incest
Many thanks!
Talking to on the phonogr-AIM.
RT 42% of Americans pee in the shower.
aka Melissa Carlson Creative donates time to layout signs for #smbmad. This is all helpful to put on a program. Thanks!
thought you'd like it haha
Yard sale?!? You guys gotta know I love you a lot if you're actually dragging me to a yard sale.
RT : Party at the Blue Lamp tonight. Whose coming?
#Dark chocolate:packed with #antioxidants & lowers #blood pressure! Find chocolate w/60% or higher cocoa ;the darker, the lower fat & sugar.
What they failed to understand is that sometimes Im very greedy sometimes I want it all and then in the blink of an eye I am gone
from now on call me McTwitter. Yes to everything
I could actually see myself talking to #oomf. They are cute, intelligent, and has a great personality! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
got damn
haha you cant get fat from one piece of cake lol
No I haven't! Thanks for putting them on my radar!
+ grubbing down on food
why?! What happend?!
what's with people and the "unfollow" button??
anyone out there have any ever use the Acoustic Magic Voice Tracker II mic for webconferencing? I'd love to hear your thoughts if you have.
BOUT READY TO GET THINGS CRUNKTIFIED AT COCO LOUNGE!! HURRICANE CITI IN MY NEAR FUTURE!!!
"Friends are thieves of time" Francis Bacon ~ "social media is the thief of time" ~Francis Estrada
Bad thoughts cause illness of the mind, body and spirit
Someone text me at least ?
#HappyValentinesDay We're approaching the 100 day countdown : )
#Stats or
But if Levine thinks he can deliver a better game by waiting, that's cool.
angels in the U.S. Would've given up this summers tour to have the Cody stay in Australia for a bit longer. He gave up so much.
Cod tacos for lunch! Yes PLEASE!
Feb 1, 1964: The gov of Indiana declared that the song "Louie Louie" was pornographic. He asked that indy radio stations not play the song.
The #Browns better draft a young QB to develop in the next couple rounds, Brandon Weeden isn't getting any younger.
leaving the office today to attend SLA Leadership Summit as DSOC past-chair
just wanna say what up to all my new followers, the revolution may not be televised but the movement will be broadcasted.
Scott Hannan has 73 GP of playoff experience. The rest of the #Caps D combined have 120 GP worth.
#RT if u are an #independent mother and do your best
Awe your first #FF ever?
That's a strength routine, so should be handling a 1RM% where the last set is still smooth. 80-85% up to 5min rest in OK.
i really wanted to dance for xtreme dance force, which is in naperville, and my mom says its too far :'(
absolutely “: Are they also expected to check facts? The jury is still out. ”
I thought I lost my mom lol
Thank U to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday yesterday :)!! UR all AMAZING!! & a THANK U to MADISON for following me :)! iloveU all<3
I see your point too! all good debates! It's a tough nut to figure out.
#BestBuy is closing 50 #BigBox stores & replacing w/ smaller ones. Maybe store in downtown B'more is the new model. All hail #urbanretail!
The juggler is on stage right now, but I want to wish both of your kids a very happy birthday. I'll be back on stage in just a sec.
Working it in the club, lol
My solution to technical difficulties converting .mov into .avi files...? Ranger IPA
Jonny is killing me with all these swag tweets!
If you can make ONE person smile today, you've made a difference.
in Cincinnati, eating Krishna with my boyfriend. Life is good.
I, in fact, agree.
#Health #Tip: Watch your waist. People who carry excess fat around their middle are at greater risk for heart disease and diabetes.
you and me?,
It's time to get wet & wild
RT : Do you have any art inspired by our collection? If you do we would love to display it . Contact: .
my gota hurts from that bike
stupid and tired...tired and stupid, they go together somehow i think lol. goodnight
I also drank before I was 21. There's always an exceptions to the rule.
I'm A Fan Of Many But I Only Support A Few
HA! Ahem, I mean. Oh ya, that's right.
I hope it was Kate Spade! Work it mama!
follow me please? (:
I think Mark Cohen won. We should get In The Heights/Rent trending, who's with me?
wow, that's not good. Did your stuff get damaged?
hey bo!
Thank God I can see the faces and smiles of all my FRIENDS who have past away.
Looking at new blog options, new title with new focus, wordpress v blogger. suggestions?
Today was a good day!
Today I became an aunt. Can't WAIT to meet my nephew!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Which is your favorite Milwaukee sports team?
Thanks Amy! RT hells yeah!!! You guys deserve a million followers!! Amy xx
This traffic is crazy.
My wife was too beautiful for words - but not for arguments. ~ John Barrymore
I really want 2 watch that #LSU vs #Alabama gm tonite but #TBS is showing #Fletch2 at the same time.
Come join us at 7PM, 10/24 for an evening with Rosamond Bernier at the Menil Collection.Her new autographed book will be available.
Current searches: Sales Engineer with colocation and cloud leader. Project Engineer in Smart Grid technology. Connect to learn more!
thanks for the follow
When will the TV news networks start talking about all the falsehoods being told by these politicians?!? Network, not cable. They do it.
haha yea so worth it for the price though
what Is the mistake?!?
thanks for the follow bro!
Probably should go to sleep... Long day tomorrow. Plus school.. Night!
Talk about tough is as tough as nails. Get's a shot, laughs at the nurse and says.."that all you got". That's my girl.
Thanks! And thanks for following, too. PS: great blog!
Teaching is not filling a bucket, it's lighting a fire.
"The #networkedEconomy is all about the people, process and tools. It's about better business." - Kevin Costello at
does anyone know if is a good blog site? my wife wants to start blogging about anything and everything
Yes, the RSC budget was good, but did include some of the Ryan budget's weaknesses. Rand Paul's budget is the gold standard.
Chickie's and Pete's w for some world famous crabfries!
for sure!
my pleasure, thank you for yours!
If an alum was hoping to see Wiky coaches roundabouts lunchtime, where would she go in the Embassy Suites?
You make each and every day special
#wordoftheday Fatuous (adj) silly and pointless. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
#TwSIG Karl. transformation. snarky nature of the internet culture has been going on a long time. New topic Historians work with raw data.
Oh goodness!!! No good!
Well thank youu(: it used to be Harry Potter but i got softball coming up soo i changed it(:
RT : Are you at #ArtCrawl #71? Don't for get about our photo contest! Stop by and snap a pic of Ryan firing Raku Pottery.
#NiceHorrorFilms Scream and Halloween!
I am eating at the moment so I won't be hungry for a while...
i love catching ppl in lies!!! but oh well fuck it!
Yes I love you and I am happy that you like the flowers I am happy when you are happy I miss you so much
So long, MCA.
Fucking North Carolina!! Religion ruins lives.
I'm such a fuckin geek lol
You guys are the most awesomest. Great Work!
Hi Eggs!
maybe it will be alright the chef was better about it. I could have done without Miss Peanut Gallery, though. :p
RT : It kills that high-perform #nonprofits are losing funding. Need to support orgs that can show what they do works.
Checking out the new space for May event #awesome it's not open to the public yet! sweet place!
you should spend some of it in Hollywood, homo “: Soo ready for #Summer12”
Recording, business meeting, recording, phone conference, recording, reminding you that our album is on sale for only $5 'til tomorrow, etc.
ringalingling!!! hello!! Thanks for the follow!
Hanging with the monster.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Kenosha on Friday night at Duke's Country Saloon!
it is what it is... ppl will see what Im saying when #InVitro drops
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT! WE GONNA LEARN TODAY! Been a huge fan since I saw your argument in 40 year old virgin!
how much is that party Saturday?
watching teen wolf... again :) best music! Best actors! Best show! Rt please :) and come to new york!
If I win tonight I am still going to stay at my job..................Yeah Right!
whoops, lost my password for a few months... back at it now :)
Just got an e-mail back from a publisher we advertise with. The message: "Your welcome." Their not inspiring confidence in they're work.
I'm from DC, but my only baseball cap an Orioles cap!
Would love to DM you some info. Can you give us a follow so we can connect? Thanks!
thanks for following us!
I agree. I got the feeling that the author had not taught in quite a while. Many assumptions and miscalculations.
Happy birthday to Lou Reed
So the little boy upstairs from my mama decides to walk in the house and ask for a pen
You mean it's legal in the rest of the states to carry weapons at the airport...? Oh... that's not what you mean?
Working Americans need a stronger voice in Washington, thank you for having the courage to stand for #labor –
Watching Harry potter :) never get tired of it
Listened to Carnegie Hall umpteenth time. Uncannily flawless, devastating performance. Judy was totally in the zone.
#hth2012 talking about twitter while my twitter feed going nuts. I need another brain or two to keep up
#CIO Quote of the Day: "Great technologists make business people believe it was their idea."
Responded to VACATE @ 144-01 Lakewood Ave, Queens, NY 11435 and helped 2 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
So nasty! Off to class. >.>
Happy Birthday M aka: Slappington Blacktooth was the lap dances, and was 5 girls and you enough??
I could not agree more on tech and women
Victoria! haha i love the 'Freak the freak out' song (: when ever i see the commercial i start dancing and singing xD
thanks Michael, I'm flattered!
my arm is killing me ... as usual. Smh
Great Q&A session: Lots of mixed messages about statins in the news, thus lots of questions from audience.
RT It looks like the cast recording for is going to happen happen! I'll keep you posted. We're so close...
RT Make a difference! Build your reader's trust and earn loyalty by writing a quality, informative article for them.
An arbitrator wants Ron Frashour reinstated at the PPB. We'll have the details and reaction at 10&11.
yeah, well fit me into those plans a couple of times please! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
The Institute for People with Criminal Records is looking for pending appellate cases affecting people's reentry and rehabilitation rights
On my honor, I will try to serve God and my country - to help people at all times, and to live by the Girl Scout Law. yes??
I can't believe your at Jingle Ball! Would have went if I knew u guys wld hav been there! Luv JS!
exactly and it sucks that we can't use the Internet
and I don't have conversations with words it's all pictures ahahah we are FREAKS
So proud of for working so hard this weekend.
yo you dumb fool but I'm down if is. So what up tim 352?
My dream made me want to wear my new dress c:
omg please stop! I'm getting rather hungry!
Come to my Comedy Show Tonight!! 9PM at the NY Comedy Club on 24th Street (betwn 2nd & 3rd). If you don't laugh I'll babysit your kid.
Re-energized myself with a few sets of jump rope and squat thrusts. The easiest, most effective way to charge yourself up!
Taking a lil break from the music! See y'all when I get back
Would love to make something like this happen in Detroit.
In the studios writing with my new artist, Black Josh. The combination of jazz and R and B sounds good!
#sunshine in #newyork... Finally!
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later
Fatal Revolutions: Natural Hist, West Indian Slavery, & the Routes of American Literature by Christopher Iannini F'08 out from
This faith project <<<<<
I want the contingency of life, the unpredictability, the unknowability, the mysteriousness... -David Shields
*Side eyes*. Or personal beliefs. Same diff.
Can anybody from Twitter help me claim ? It is being squatted. I don't want to be viewed as a spammer!
You made my bad day much better. :)
Not sure why I still follow on Twitter but it makes me hungry every time they tweet. Miss those pepper bacon cheeseburgers!
RT "Yayy!!!" Yes :D Hope you are well.
Yes. I want everyone to be aware. I am getting hundreds of the same DM's from others
back in NJ and missing #HumNets already
Watchin awkward and the moment look awkward
Becaauussee .. you gotta go to work ?
You have four more days to submit to the contest and the journal. Submissions will be closed April 2nd, so get going!
#SometimesIGetsickof FAKE TWITTER ACCOUNTS SAYING SHIT LIKE "IM JUST A SUPER PLAYFUL GIRL LOOKING FOR A DATE THIS FRIDAY.." fuck off
On time for school 2 days in a row
S/o to my DJ his bday today hottest DJ in the city
I'm actually in the process of developing a presentation by the same name for next years SXSW.
I can say enough good deeds have been done for the night
it is my friend Natalie's 30th birthday today and she would love for you to call her & say HB. can you do that? She is a HUGEfan
Your brain is hot in what sense?
Anyone else hear either an explosion or super loud thunder in Georgetown around 8:45 a.m.? Trying to figure out what happened!
Making Our myspace look sexy as shit!
I want to go to SeaWorld but I don't want to pay $73!!!! goodness!!!
Shut up both of you
Watching "tough love"
He;s here finally I missed him to much
RT I was standing in the park wondering why frisbees got bigger as they get closer. Then it hit me.
cant wait till the summer
that's bullshit and I'm sorry. I hope you find something new fast.
Toots restaurant pronounced with an oo sound, not uhts sound. Also the oo in the word are highlighted on the waitress breast
Ended up goin 2 bible study
later. *walks off*
"Art is an attempt to revert from the disintegration induced by civilization to organic modes of being." E. R. Jaensch
People are so fucking weird.
hasn't happened yet. It's tomorrow at 11:00 in the convention center. If you're at Alamo 2morrow you can follow
Yes. Lets fangirl :D
I hate how my phone keeps buzzing from #Facebook messages because its my birthday
Please refer to my response to for details.
Headin home till graduation to see the fam...and visit grandpa in the hospital
Thank you:).How are you?
Coffee is on -- lots of new items in stock -- come on up Foster to the Indy Mart -- enter on 79th between Harold & Foster -- free cookies ;O
Fondue galore- need to be wheeled out of here- time to pull it together and head to the bars
They better put this online!
RT : .....and Merry Christmas to all who don't except Christ as their personal savior!
Though the lack of bike lanes in Upper NW doesn't really help. Sharrows on Van Ness were much appreciated. Thanks again !
No problem. We love your song "Crown Jewel" especially.
If you had a million dollars what would you do? LOL
Enjoying 's discussion on #Cisco #China's social media program at #ragancisco summit
Interesting, I just read the EU is suggesting Greece go bach to the Drachma. France wishes for a simlar suggestion.
Do you know what NAPA stands for? If not don't worry, I'm getting ready to film a video about the advocacy group so stay tuned
If he wasn't, he is now...thanks!
Movie Monday. Coming right up.
is genuinely nice guy who wants the best for Wisconsin, I am proud to support him
faith, hope and charity—the fountain of all righteousness.
LOL @ YOUR EPISODE IN PUNK'D. THIS IS TOO GOOD.
"America!" --Will Ferrell
"Don't be a Gumby." Flexibility is good but be specific about what you can do for an organization.
you guys are on at 9am and 2:45pm.
ANYONE suggesting 87, 71, 58 or 29 be traded needs to spend 5 mins in box with Engelland &/or Asham. Don't be stupid. Letdowns happen.
omfg im stuck i cant think of any #imagine tweet!!! -anna
Starting to save up my money to buy a gay present for her birthday! I hate you, making me spend my cash hahaa i love you T!<U+2665>
They didn't prep her for Darfur! Thank you Jesus and Goddess!
Haha - we speak many languages. Thug, sarcasm - the list goes on and on.
plans for eve? care to join a group of us for drinks/dinner?
I didn't just sent my parents a picture text of my cat with the words "happy St catricks day."
i'd love to see figure on android as well. I'll buy it for my ipod/ipad right now, but I'll buy it again when it goes on android
um. You can ask some of the other groups from today to help with your projects. They're pros!
Bernice King - significant that dedication had to move from Dream speech anniv. Time for us to move past it too. MLK more than that speech.
Every time I read the word 'sweetie' now, I hear Alex Kingston's voice in my head. Thanks
except when you're trying to lose, then it gets you nowhere
Yes, one of the biggest differences between online/on ground: degree of clarity needed in assignments.
Senior Skip Day? I think not.. Canoe trip with the homies
watch what???
Cant wait to see Thomas and cheryl in two weeks
I cant take you seriously when you have an egg as your picture! Get in the game Lacombe!
Companies now must disclose chemicals...after the fact.
RT RT : You need to change your Ads to America's most unreliable 4g network. Please Rt if you agree.
“It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.”
I'm liking this Warriors game. Not taht the W's are close but that former PG Patty Mills has 22 pts and 9 assists thru 3Qs
Thinking today that Levon Helm had a much better life than Richard Manuel.
What a weekend! Love you all!
If your didn't get to event last night,come by Gallery tonight and see this artist's FAB art!
You're so damn creative. I miss you so much, but luckily I saw Jo Calderone instead.
All of my favorites are now off #TheVoice. Thanks a lot #TeamCeeLo. Boo. I love for life.
Johnson grew up poor and saw the danger of income inequality. He also knew how to drive congress.
i'm done
Watching Chicago White Sox at Los Angeles Dodgers with Viggle Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Check out our Easter experience online now! centralonline.tv
Texting my professor asking him about what's on the final tomorrow, no big deal.
I am far too amused by 's
glad you are enjoying yourself. Try the Sweaty Betty Blonde! Yum
No because i dont own a car. and besides you should thank POTUS for declining gas prices due to crackdown on speculation
Did you know we are renovating our Emergency Department? Even better, our door-to-doc time is <20 mins. Short wait times!
uhm pri & kana never texted me cool i c u guise ;-)
tomorrow is perang ...
Y'all ready for this mixtape, tho?
And it wasn't even on silent so it's going to be going off all day tomorrow until I get there at 3.
tarot w/ traci right now at the shop
RT : Compared to Dad's funeral, this halftime show is overproduced.
Had the Commissary this week... good! Sweet. I did not, however, slap mah mama.
In my mind, when I think of QBs, they will always wear
F' you detox...I won't give in to my hot bubbling cheese desires but the icy dinners are making me bonkers!
promises , i hope i never break them
Omg I'm freaking out! Did they seriously jut kill Claus on #vampire diaries ! I loved him =(
I hate myself noww. Why did I say that..
Spent the morning looking at new curtains for the ACM School. Went with avant garde blue. That's the real color!
how can money stolen from Americans "help" America? Not that the GOP is any less a thief than the Dems...
There is finally a verdict in the Amy Senser case... judge will read it at 3:10pm
there's no such thing as a heat fan, just a sell out
You just don't know who your real friends these days,... THAT'S BULL !
all done just let me know when you want to work
Acting is the work of the imagination.
The shit I just read that happened in Kokomo made me sick that my hometown is doing shit like that. Makes me sick!
flip in between the commercials broseph
Today's #CovertTU word: LEGEND – the faked biography of a deep-cover agent.
i think you should grow a mullet. no? just a option
Can't believe LA Tech is playing TCU in a bowl game. Maybe the world is ending next year.
Left Hand Brewing Company is bringing Milk Stout Nitro to Milwaukee Brewfest. Can't wait! Only 25 more days!
You Rock Jaered, thanks for the shout out. :)
Brunch at the Taphouse!
is curling my hair, and basically burning the shit out of my scalp. Hate you bestfriend.
WHOA! Think that martini glass is big enough? Thanks for the follow, and I love Bombay Sapphire as well. My gin of choice.
okay you better reply to
diplomaz r overrated! Duh... *wink*
Senate votes on cloture to limit debate/amendments on Small Business Bill. The #JOBSAct is not perfect, no doubt, but it's moving forward!
My month was made when I got the new in the mail today and it's all about #branding!
A win is a win. Hopefully the Hec Ed crowd brings a lot more intensity against Northwestern.
Coding a new website that will include an updated portfolio section with the latest and the greatest! Stay tuned.
Woo. Send it!
Help me get past 365 followerz!!!
Last weekend to experience! RT : Off to to speak with children on their experience with Follow the North Star.
!!! RT : We on the 3rd floor come get patriotic with us!!
Hahah, I Feel Great!! ;P
here are the rules. picture must be from today. so in the picture you must include todays date and something with in it.
When you love what you want more than you hate what you have, you'll stop complaining about what is and start creating what can be.
I don't kiss nobody's ass .
and have some good points in relations to Q3
Excuse me miss Mary J but some good boys are fun. I'm 100% anti bad boy.
it'd be worth it. Where are you actually from?
Invading someone's privacy is going a step too far. Privacy is what keeps people sane. They'll make it public when they're ready...
he is not against gay people or gay rights. He is just not in favor of same sex marriage.
when I look in the mirror you're the only thing I see :)
Did you start with corn grits or the tubed polenta?
you've got the formula down pat.. Keep it up for as long as you can..
I Wanna Know Where The Gold At??
i have to go<3 goodnight!
“: I really wanna know why laker fans talking lol. Ain't even got a win yet lol”--lmao
Having a blast at my event today in Monrovia, CA. Met Olympian Gold medal winner John Naber! I got to wear an OLYMPIC GOLD MEDAL!
Too tired to function. -_-
WOW this GBT deal was basically just a redistribution of wealth to please the masses.
to give u a lil bit of insight to what those Americans are going through....
Back to jersey
So damn good! I see you're reading The Hunger Games, I just started the second book
Ubaldo Jimenez on the show Wednesday! Big lineup next week, have a great 4th!
don't we all...enjoy the weekend.
lol maybe she didn't think she would have to get up the entire show & was caught off guard haha
Thanks for the follow, and Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Goat Empanadas!!!! They were delicious!!!
I gotta new Video Page make sure to add it to your friends: www.myspace.com/kkalvideo
I am looking for recommendations of books about China. I have read the histories by Spence and Faibanks/Goldman.
Find people
honey badgers who is my team playin sunday?
Listening to Omarion on the way to PDX lol
Best. Tweet. Ever.
We'd have scored if Scott Sealy was still here...just kidding.
At 's Rudis art show opening, DJ is killing it with favs for the 30+ crowd. Come check out the great prints.
There's money in them couches, couple ounces for the wake up.
looking for more team players to add to our staff msg me for more info
Tonight we'll be discussing music news on #21CRadio tweet chat! Join us in an hour and watch for ticket giveaways from
did someone say theatre? What is this :) ? We've been talking bout an outing for awhile now
been texting all day...
A day without seniors
We still have to go to Atlantic City though lol
Bahja (i think)
Have good weekends everyone •Palm Sunday (Sunday, April 1, 2012) •Good Friday (Friday, April 6, 2012)•Easter Sunday (Sunday, April 8, 2012)
Ready to #Win a FREE rug for your home? Simply follow and RT to enter!
My suzie is the BEST!!!! Love her
oh I'm sorry :/ it's that maybe he is sad because you are going to Texas :/
I will be the first and second buyers on Etsy for the digital print of your typographic painting. cc:
you went to WhataBurger then SubWay. What about Olive Garden? (;
I haven't been to B&BW's in ages! I so miss it. <3 True love.
Great evening in store tonight; game seven of the World Series, then going with my sweetie to see
Caught my first bass of the year! Ready to go watch this #B1G tourney victory.
:) I love dejah
Working on an order for Joseph-Beth booksellers. They are doing a buy local section at their stores&they will be carrying HaloMiner things!!
Ask him about health care.
Why is it called "menopause?" Shouldn't it be "menostop?"
Don't let me get in my zone!
Should never have gotten a doctor off the redline. I'm never getting to work
sweet! Then we highly recommend Breaking Bad, it's almost as badass as Dexter.
so are we!
Get your fancy on with a Filet Mignon, one of our dinner specials tonight as well as a Roast Prime Rib Panini and a tasty Steak Stir Fry
Good Question! RT : You live in Chicago and you're wearing a Heat jersey? How are you still alive?
I'll be sure to try that.
miss u too my bebe!!
Thank you. Great to be connected!
College Football is a straight up Fraud
Gun Man at VT campus?! WTW??? what the weet?!
we'll have to do something like that again soon.
Hi Janet :)
Amazes me gun totin' religious ideologues seem to ignore key Bible passages like this… turn your weapons into plowshares.
Remember happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Off to rent car for conference & sitting with cast of Hangover. 6 guys +groom on way to bachelor party. Hope not at our hotel!
Is there a schedule for when these will be installed city-wide?
H3y w$ r0ng?" ........Obviously your education.
Hope is was a good 1
ok then I'll make sure when we are on the cruise that they feed you spoiled food! Hahaha All I know is y'all better be safe
that is an april fools joke i know it!!!!!!! :p
Oh yeah, #approvedbythedean. Keep me posted for real. Also I will be in touch with in the coming weeks about a gr8 opportunity
You got madd talent. I am a fan of yours. Go far, go very far!! You have my blessing
yeah that's what I was thinking!!!
haha you're welcome:)
I Thought Crushes Were Suppose 2 Be Fun ? Not Hurtful <|3
#100thingsilove FOOD. Oh, don't get me started.
glad you're okay! Hardest hit I've seen in some time. Smart move with the hands off the wheel!
Really that's just tell me u insecure and dnt trust me
#lifestinks when you only have 2% battery and it's dark.
S/O to our Friend he's doing big things!!!
So very true! Acronyms can become maddening on occasion : ) --> RT : Writing about healthcare + technology = alphabet stew.
Happy Monday Chicks!!! Be Productive and BE CHOOSEY!!!!
As a #designer I fail to see the need in 10pt fonts on bumper stickers. I'm blind, you're a conservative religious nut. I get it, I get it.
Miss you already. : Cherry Bye to Claudia today :( and Welcome to Joe D'Amico and Daniel!Hope your time with us is memorable!
I can't believe they are still trying to teach us stuff this late into senior year.
he's a gamer... dude, 3 other kids I coached are up this year... MLB 2012 will be fun to watch!
awww. I like you too.
You should draw Optimus Prime :) haha
What's up world!!!!
hilarious!!! “: Please follow and read his Clooney/Obama dinner tweets. #Killing”
i do good work in this class and she says it's scribble scrabble, some kid in class draws a straight line and it's a master piece WTC ?! -.-
Just swam in a quarry. New thing for me.
Shout out to bc I love my mom! ;) Lol.
guided meditations are the shit.
What did you shoot out on the #golf #course today? Post your scores!
~ Cool running's.. Its our BIRTHDAY June 6! Lets chat soon..
The construction at Fenway Park is about 2 months behind schedule, but I'm sure it will be ready for April...overtime?
I wanna go home and sleep!
Going to school
That's y I try to support GOOD music or in my option I think is good music!!
If the Patriots lose I will be
Really need to start my summer reading :O
What did you pray for today?
I'm really not an asshole or a bitch it's just that people do shit that annoys me.
Yes. Drives me bananas.
TONIGHT 90.7 8pm "Pack of Lies" a #ColdWar thriller, wIll leave u asking: what R the nice people next door really up to?
Sweetie you are far from perfect so please get that snobby stick out of your ass.. thanks : )
"the things you own, own you" - Papa Roach
#USAirways sucks! 31 hours of traveling and I'm still not home because of their ineptitude. But hey, at least they were rude, too!
Bill I hope this is real. Please give more details.
Yep, looks great! Thanks for the work, you saved me the time and trouble!
I haven't received any confirmation that Samoans actually do the Humpty Hump. Until such time, I cannot include them.
Whats poppin? Need address to send. Will u b able 2 take pic & send it to our website. We want people to c & experience BMORE!
It's Fat Tuesday! Gettin in one last because Caffeine, Chips, Cookies & all BAD Cs are gone for Lent. Life is O:-)
Oh my goodness #RandallCobb, do your thing!!!
imma buy you 9 roses ..8 are real and one is fake...y 1 fake one..cuz i'll keep loving u til the fake one dies <3<3
Key word being "HITTER" or should I say the lack of being one!!
Yes ! Ahaha ; D
RT Proposal sent. Now the waiting game <whatever it is, you already know its yours!
Wrong link for South.
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef. #odd facts
#Avengers for the 2nd time, I just can't get enough.
Pumped that my question about maternal health was picked to be addressed at the Student Summit
#nercomp12 I'm still unclear about how connectyard is being positioned
Hows everything going at Relay so far?
I'm sorry, but I don't know what happened with WSJ. Is it about Amazon?
Smash mouth!
you know how we do ;) I love not remembering them!
Think you've been hacked, brutha.
There is nothing on TV so I know I'll be bck sleep soon
My Imperfections
Deadspin headlines for the win. LOL
Foul or Defend Celtics make it work.. is smiling
#walkingdead was crazy ... for once I'm speechless with joy
Your obsessiveness.? Yea it's getting annoying .
After watching RHOA tonight I lost all respect for Cynthia. She deserves Peter's bad attitude with her shallowness. Trashy show!
Just had a great strategy call with board of directors regarding how to help religious leaders across the country speak out...
only freshman or sophomores tho.
Can Mormons be werewolves? Should someone write a book about this? Can it include President Lincoln and Nancy Grace?
dopeness... I'll be there this coming week
oh the Mcoupe. Thought you were asking about the m3. To be honest idk I havent driven it over 115mph yet
lets see them thangs for real lmfao
And that as a result, art's relation both to politics and to itself remains opaque. Its horizon of possibilities seems infinite
how to make stuffed chicken breast
thanks so much for the mention! you rock trinity!
That moment when your best friend asks you if she can come over your house at 10:41 at night!
You know theres a new series about Sydney right? The first book is called Bloodlines I've read that too it was pretty good
yeah but i have a lil more time for my paper... dont u gots a paper to write? lol
OH of the #foodtour at just now: "I had no idea they had great food like this here!"
nah. Busy.
yes just hope it dont go out
#SLA For all the attempts of 2.0 promo, why do we still have to fax to SLA a change of Chapter form and pay 18 bucks for it? Bad form!
Too hard to tie.
I don't wanna talk about it...
And theres our first anal beads reference of the evening.
In #love, it's not about moments in time, it's about the timeless moments
Retweet mode for me this morning....such good advice on Twitter today...Mia
would love to add ours! :)
Great. You are bragging about your use of threats and intimidation against those who you disagree with.
Handing out Boh Drupal t-shirts at #drupalcampmd we'll have them tomorrow too
Just finished my last final! I'm coming home soon my beautiful San Diego people.
Went to Red Lobster last night,then went grocery shopping.Goin to Texas Soon To record with Colin Dalin.
"If you'll spend 1extra hr each day in the study of your chosen field," said Earl Nightingale, "you'll be a national expert in 5 y or less."
don't worry! Your amazingness will shine through no matter what time of the day!
lucky bastard.. lmfao
cute shoes where u get them from
MT : visit with Manning has gone well so far. He and the Broncos will continue to meet Saturday morning. It's serious folks.
Bitch please
Isn't it ironic how I Love tea now?
that kid grew up... and made Party Monster. O.o
Shit wait. IS THAT JOSH NICHOLS?
A Best Director lineup that includes Malick, Scorsese, and Woody in the same year is just fine by me.
I'm so excited for shrimp & grits!
lol no! my dad doesnt like online shopping :/
Don't forget to stick around for the exciting Pecha Kucha event featuring Lawrence Block, Gergory Maguire, Donald Crews and others!
When you understand he doesn't love you, you will want your friends back. I won't be there.
Wieters can't be run on. He just can't.
...this Trayvon Martin case may have possibly just saved many lives. operative word here is ‘possibly ‘ those in know, know, don’t we now?!
Time to dual boot this MBP w/an OS capable of dealing with audio like an adult. Hello debian, my long lost friend.
Well that simplifies the picture. Do you think they all know their vote? If so, why don't they just vote?
So tired. Why did you make me do this??? :P haha
Happy mothers day to all the moms on here. Have a great day!
Who's excited for the Grand Re-Opening and 1-Year Anniversary party tomorrow?! Food, prizes, classes, and competitions!
LaNell Turner and the Pearl of Wisdom Foundation is hosting a weekend prayer/trade show at the museum this weekend. Welcome back, Ladies.
S/O to the stock market got cashhousemusicgroup pockets looking nice Grind no Shine
Spent the last $9 in my wallet at Aldi. Basil, tomato, mozzarella and crackers...and I rode my bike there. I'm a dirtbag, but a fancy one.
Some space avail at Dobbs Tonight! Email ASAP
We can fix that! DM me your size and address.
Open Hours at #OGStudio tomorrow 830-1130am and Wed 830-1230. Come with your ideas, an open mind and willingness to #collaborate!
"Hannah and Her Sisters" is a great film by Woody Allen. Check it out.
Did an effing good job on my #TV interview today! Time to ask for a raise...
happy turkey day, tweeps!!
I still call my mom when I've had a bad haircut. #Don'tJudgeMe
Just crunched it so hard while watching tv as cady groves would say. I always say one minute more when I excercise. Makes a difference.
anytime you want brotha
Mom and Tim have landed and are off to the beach! 3 more hours until I can start my long weekend with the fam :)
Just saw HUGO in 3D. Best 3D film by far. See it on the big screen. Your eyes will thank you.
can #Xtina eliminate herself?
was rockin tonight. We had a great crowd. All the ladies worked out our new teacher Abraham.
Congrats on the home ownership. Welcome to the neighborhood.
haha yeah, well it was just there so i was like. why not read it .
lol..they told me that today and I was thinking, what an awful thing to do to you seniors...LOL
Awesome! :) RT : Am loving my revisions! Here's hoping I still think they're good tomorrow!
Love Green, but No. 2 ranking amongst WRs is taking a rather big leap of faith. 75 rec/10 TD probably ceiling in '12
Thanks to and for comments about my new book. I appreciate it!
do you like what the first season of nxt did on raw ?
My alarm clock will be going off in exactly 2 hours and 35 minutes. How can that be legal? -___-
We've lost manufacturing jobs in 10 of the last 11 years. Gin.
Email spoofing is suspected, please use "" or "" - JDG
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements can eliminate the stress of financial and other issues between spouses.
Nice! Perfect timing to get the Gatorade dump!
Welcome back riders
. no were going to process across milwaukee ave to medill where trucks collecting metal drive through at race car speeds
YAY no more cramps :) THANK YOU LORD
if you're really worried you can play vs AI on a dummy account, then restart to play pvp at lvl1 w/ the basics under your belt
mclouth don't suck for once please
Yes! Beautiful skin makes for better days!
Bazillion credits is easy till finals week
It took you, what, 5 minutes, to get sick of hearing about the death of an important writer? Classic Nathan.
It's Kathy's dad (the girl that owns the house next to ours). He's mowing her "lawn".
solo un mes!!!
I love Jake and Selena's friendship.
did you record their takeover of letterman too? it looks so amazing. so amazing
nice mate…good luck with it and stay in touch!
further proof that great design is a bargain.
The Paula Abdul of the NFL, Jon Gruden picks Jets and Giants to win division. Jaws just called him out, as a homer on a national broadcast.
: Readers , Vanessa Carlisle, Brad--I forget the 4th. I'm co-emceeing. We have no FB invite yet--yikes!
I'm 's #1 Girl b/c I strive for the best, work hard&support MB i believe thats mindless #SWRVSpaceMB swrv.tv/sweeps
for a sec I thought we were talking about Mr. Beal, I was like why didnt I get an invite to the 1am pickup game lol
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from I'ma sip it till I feel it I'ma smoke it till its done
Presidio, my old friend, we meet again...
Ah yes, excellent point. Where's Will Palmer when we need him?
Q1c #PR is the editorial side of marketing,PR helps your brand report the news and be the news
I know! Same here!
hmm- it got slammed for a while there- might have just been slammed. Please let me know! Thank you so much-
Terrible! RT : Can't believe I missed my sisters first Penn Relays race :(
that is nice 2 hear. I've done several speaking engagements talking about life to an Autism sib. I would like 2 do more.
Wow, that link had a lot of redirects! lol :) It was a nice ad though! Take care, talk soon!
You're crazy. Haha you're the gorgeous one! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> How is good ole' Columbia?
Season ticket holder event
On average, you'll
My family is everything to me. Fuck with them you fuck with me.
horrible team! celtics baby!!!
Welcome to Twitter!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP<
Def a great #UPS spot RT : Loved Duke/UK one I saw, though I seriously question your judgment in schools. :)
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
So what exactly is ?
Yusss, it is! #cheers! RT word of the day for lunch specials is....screwdriver!!!!!
Great coffee! My favorites are the Dark Chocolate Latte and the White Chocolate Latte! Tastes great! Great to see you online!
Did you hear about $1B for Instagram? :D
yes, it is.
I'm gonna laugh when you get pregnant! Like really hard, not just a giggle.
#LegendaryTheMixtape Coming Soon!!
Sign up yet to ride across the big bridge? Yep - Bike the Bay coming up August 28: 25 miler - SD, Nado, IB, CV, NC and back to SD-muy cool!
we gotta go to the club when I get back i got my nails done my hair done n some cute outfits we gotta go whine up pon sum guys!
So you had swapped fries for a salad, but now you're having dessert. I like that kind of responsible!
Consensus for Saturday has a win with Nuggets and a push if U got Jazz late or a win early with last 6 posts now 13-3-1
thanks man. Keeping at it is the hardest part. My homie has me doing this 100mi/100days challenge So I'll be back at it tomorrow!
lol i love doing that
Key Framing & Intro & Outro Text Class This Week With Final Cut Pro And The Team ..
I know Moorea is ready, are you? Its my favorite day of the week..Saturday! n getting ready!
Making donuts with the ladies... Much fun!!!!
that show is ridiculous! The episode I saw the girl had a dress about 10 wide with moving butterflies lol!
Our website is undergoing some changes, looking forward to bringing you a bigger, better site soon!
Good morning #Phoenix! What's for breakfast?
So apparently the library isn't the 8th gate of Hell... Who would have thought?
good for her!!!!!! sounds like a very wise young lady with a good head on her shoulders:)
I so need to quit too. It makes me nervous just thinking about it.
I never understood why the vampires and werewolves didn't get along. It seems like they have a lot in common.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Beauty Call Family to yours
- It was actually very interesting and very well done. It was a modern interpretation using motorcycle gangs.
#webinar on How to Captivate and Engage your #Constituents with your #Website hosted by #firespring Got to love
Nice view of the tip.
Bugaboo #Strollers on display at Sydney b. Choose from the luxurious Cameleon or the stylish Bee design. We offer #accessories too.
I don't think Coffee and Cigarettes actually "worked"
trying to drop a new track or 2 this week, sorry i've been busy! happy cinco!!
The desires of the world are fleetimg, but the promises of God are eternal, which will you seek?
It was the 40's. War. Women hit the workforce. Fashion designers dared ask 'Wouldn't it be funny if we made hats that looked like vahoohas?'
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30. The game of choice continues to be LoL, but we have a wide variety of games if you'd prefer something else!
How did rap music go from so good to so dry?
- are you following yet?
you too!! Feel better!
“: hey cutie wanna follow 4 follow? :)” #done || now make it happen! Lol
Life has never given anyone lemons.
The Bugman was a hit during the Dormont Street Fair!! Don't forget to post your pics kids!
where u at !
U R such a lucky man!
Hungry in the middle of the night
I would of enjoyed that story better it it would of mauled him to death.
Dude...this Vikings drama is bullshit.
Okay so how did you get all of those followers? You don't have near as many tweets as I do ......
RT : RT : Friends with boats are a very valuable summer commodity.
Wow - great timing w/ j bontempo's talk - so much info - great job!
I wish I was eccentric instead of brooding & disenganged, but at the same time outgoing, energetic and willing to make a difference.
I love you! <3
Instead of McDonald's, my brother and I bought Checkers. No regrets.
Have you tried going by his shop?
I sassily say "I don't see no ring on my finger!" to myself everyday because I don't wear rings and I'm alone.
how does a blind guy do math doe :o
Anyone else feeling champagne right now?
Hm. Was this fixed? What was the problem with the computers?
Excited for baptism service Sunday at #FaithWV, just recorded last video, unless someone else wants to "jump in!" #Matthew28:19
you must first have a soul to qualify for a soulmate
canvas panels are a buck a piece and come TRIPLE PRIMED?! Why wouldnt i buy a million of these oh yeah i did
owl city (:
lol it's all ya fault
1st Tee. Fowler hits driver right down the pipe. Mahan 20yds behind. Woods hits 3Wood, fairway. Better shoot 70 or less Tiger.
Beers, man. Making weird words wrong for forever.
Everyone should have a coach, I'm off for a full day of intense training w/ mine today.
Why do everybody think that Daisy Dukes are for them!!
album 16 tracks
Thanks! Wine love!
Though I suppose Boyle's injury made that possible -- swapping one BC guy for another
... slamming? They just started rolling up.
fwm when u see me mama
We're LIVE right now with Ben Cina Trio! Http://massiverocketradio.com
"Happily ever after?" We did 2 corporate events with Fairy Tale themes this month. New trend?
Favorite restaurant in Austin so far?
fam new video going up tonight..IT looks good 2 FAM!!!
I'm ready to hit 'follow'. This thought has inspired me to put on Bee Thousand for the first time in awhile.
not gonna lie, i really love working :). feeling productive!
: PR team gave the go-ahead for the "Eat Crow Baby" banner.
what has been your best professional experience?
Why don't I believe in this flu shot?
“: y'all won y'all 2nd game?” yea we closed out... Double Ot
you jus mad im finna pass you :)
Travel Deal: AirTran--Columbus to Orlando $222, Columbus to Fort Lauderdale $228. Good thru July 4th.
i love being woken up on a sunday at 8:30. so much fun.
me to. Which team do you have? I'm working with industrial recycling
Proposals to finish, orders to pack, and events to set up #busy day #productive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I would guess that the interactions portion of twitter us not currently working
J Danforth Quayle~ People that are really weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
Downloading "Toy Story" from the iTunes store to my iPad
I think the secret to a good restaurant is this: amazing staaaafff.
My humming sewing machines blew a fuse. It feels good to give employment to others. My electrician rushed over to save the day.
I love she's the bomb...
my latest follower--I am obviously being punk'd by someone :)
Late once again (stupid busy yesterday), but one time for Dick Clark.
: What you tryin to do? Lol
I think The Handmaid's Tale is required reading for life, but the rest of her stuff is so awesomely dystopian. I love her.
Yeah that is cooler as it retains to the person instead of the car... I think I'm going to get a big ol' D sticker and T-shirt
RT : Missing Newt already. Maybe he can be Secretary of Lunar Housing & Development.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer49
i volunteer as tribute! Lol :)
YOU ARE THAT GOOD LOOKING!!!!!
Eric dill has the hottest voice ever ! Im listning to his cd right now :)
I have no clue what to do.
Exactly RT : RT “: Ball so hard NFL want fine me $$” but first they gotta find you..
Wants it
I'm just dying for a subject change.
on a Tuesday? It's very very late. What's prompted the drinking?
follow back so i could dm u
I'm doing my job i dont care what people think about me
wow. just watched 's set at #iccasouth and if they only placed 3rd i can't imagine ' and ' sets!
Dance mom's is a ridiculous show.
The grabbing hands, grab all they can...
i wasn't complaining! :D
ha that's a good one
My dad gave me random quiz on addition right now? Okay then.....
True. I'm sure they'll try Adcock/Teaford/Mazarro first before they give in. I'd say after ASB.
Hello November!
Thanx! Might havta go see it! :) Have a great nite!
just filled with excitement to see you!
haha good idea
Bull frog is what the lifeguards on the beaches in Florida use!
I hate when you're at a friends house and all you can think about is that good ass food you got at home! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Working on the new album! Can't wait for you all to hear it!
Though I otherwise love much of the East Coast, on Sunday nights I hate it. Screw you, Earth's rotation.
What if we're wrong?
I think you are all taking that tweet too seriously ;)
Praying for your Dad Jenna, and his speedy recovery :) XOXO
UNbelievable fellas
Just read your post where the kiddos broke your feelings. So sorry. Kids can be jerks. :( I for one know you work your ass off.
Blu rays releasing Feb. 21: J. Edgar, Tower Heist,
it does
Heading out to see Motley Crue/ Poison this evening VIP.
My coach is going to kill me tomorrow
fuck loyalty day!
Everyday is a chance to get it right
Aye 59 yards
my interview?
Can't sleep
Yeah it's looking slow for going to sleep tonight but watch me end up falling asleep anyway
Day two Converge21 USA message last night by Robert Morris on person of Holy Spirit. U can view live
Every time we open our mouths, people look into our minds. - Anonymous
But I'm also probably the most nonjudgmental person you will ever meet.
“ Are u actually fucking kidding me right now? #fucku, #ihateu”
Dude that was a freaking Bad Ass dunk on Portland last night. I vote for Dunk of the year!!
how are you louis?
Seeing Let's get this party started!
me up
i love meeting new people ^--^ <3
teacher sent us 111 pages to read for class. #goodone if you think anyone will read past page 2
If that doesn't work i'm gonna stuff her into a potato sack, throw it over my shoulder and run away as fast as I can.
Chalmers got 25 that gives him what 30 in the hole series lol
Marc Ecko's formula for AWEthentic connections........panel this morn.
That is strange. Facebook or Twitter automatically generates the link. I guess something broke on their end.
It looks like good weather is coming our way this weekend. Have a great one everybody.
Fuck all the damn things.
I want cereal. . But no milk! -_-
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Sex and The Vagina.. Follow me
Determined to get this Dip-Sop draft done in the next few days. Expect some #PrimarySourceCode posts to follow.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. David Viscott
Drowned In the pussy so I swam to the butt.
Rachel said YES!!!!!! Love Finchel!! #glee forever! :)
It is time the government put the power and $ to what is important, teaching the children to be better than us through education & religion
Hey, cover girl! Another excellent piece. Missed you too...I was on vacation, then got sick the day after returning, ugh!
Bobby Valentine doesn't eat honey, he chews bees.
It's perfect Spring weather here in Philly! Are you able to wear a Spring-inspired ensemble where you are?
i wanna give a s/o to my nephew jayden happy bday homie(^_^)!!
Watch the Mavs choke again...
Here we go
I know right! Lord knows she's on everything else!
And, if you wanted to give your inner teenager an outing, Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins (1)...
can't retweet you but I'm saying same thing
ok, you're on.
I feel like a jerk.
I wish I had friends.
,Good Morning my friend
Thanks a lot!
I want you to kiss me like you used to but this time.. I dont beef red you to say u love me I just need u happy
Whatever it takes...
lmao you silly.
Happy 1st Anniversary! One of my fave restraunts in town!
RFOLMAO ! ! ! ! Best tweet of the poker day
kinda like take the kids to Disneyworld and leave em in car. Foster is a
Thanx to everybody who support and follow Merciless Umbrella....... We ain't nothin without ya'll......... Much Love
why am i still working right now?!
Braun being un Braun like today. Twice RISP. First AB was a SO followed by a ground out.
Any teams interested in an E League Softball Outfielder? Put a bug in JD's ear for me. I'll take a 10 year deal...
The end of my first year at Berklee - "Can I just stay here forever?!" The end of my second year - "Can I just graduate already?!"
All men long for the day when we can send spunk via phone or text.
#boston #rainstorms #mayflowers?
There is a girl here with no pants on.
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RB Rashad Jennings (concussion) returned to practice Sunday.
When the workroom says it will be done and its not:/
#MarchMadness bracket not too shabby so far. Close one w/ 'Cuse but glad my #Elite8 pick finally got itself together... against a 16 seed
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is having dinner at the home of Alice Barney-Hemmick and her daughter, Laura Dreyfus-Barney.
I am back on Twitter again, after a long absence. I'll keep you posted with wit and wry! Many twisted my arm to do so, and they succeeded.
Still banging that #Undeniable mixtape. Shits fire.
RT : Listening to new the mixes of next album.... it's a damn #BEAST ! I can't wait!! When is it due out?
Stay up to date on all things #KUbball & #FinalFour by grabbing a print copy of Player profiles, stats, opponent info & more.
so far so good. How bout yall?
Plans for tomorrow: get up skate, eat, then go to sleep!
So cold outside
The #BlueJays infield is shifty. They played a shift on everyone but Dozier and Plouffe.
i'm looking for a good authorize.net developer - know anyone?
yep, I made the decision to this upcoming summer. I'm torn bc I want to be by the beach but studio city is where the work is.
how much will that add to the cost of our "Big Dig?"
Sunday afternoon, getting work done, and Penn Masala's album on repeat.
Ques.on the IS Draft, can we get a relative word count instead of 'three pages'? Or is there leeway on that limit?
I can't even keep my eyes open right now
No Arian Foster hopefully means mega points for Andre Johnson owners.
Had a great meeting this morning then took care of things down at the port now just at my desk at the main office updating stuff on the com…
Addicted to "Stereo Love"
Staring at the two hottest guys during lunch>>>>
No don't do that
Hi Sheila, are you online right now? I can't access my storefront and a customer wants to order from me.
much love!
Just registered with the National Multiple Sclerosis Socity Mid America Chapter - PPMS since October 2011 - had it longer
Welp Orlando. I'm here.
it's a great day to be alive oh my brothas, the sun cures the pain in me gulliver, should be fine by this after lunch
Dialogue will get you to the solution. Your customer may not even know what they need, so ask questions!
#overheard You're going down like the Titanic!
miss you wanna bang sometime?
It is Tom Morello from Rage Against The Machine.
“: Up early to go on Channel 9 in Denver with and I'm still a bit sleepy..” have fun!!! :)
This is tru. haha nice pub DoU! Hope all is well pers
Thanks for entering our contest today! Stay tuned tomorrow to find out if you won a free pair of boots!
Heading out to downtown in a few hours. I am working the Bengals game today. If you are going, keep an eye out for me. I'll take your pic!
THANKS FOR THE #FF :) Happy October!
Today is study day.
owner and PWA cofounder Justine Tal Goldberg posts an article about turning off the 'net and writing better on today's blog.
And thank you for the opportunity to see Close and McTeer shine in Albert Nobbs, too. Both #oscarnoms !
is Mouth Watering doee!!
I can't wait to get a job. I miss being pretty; gym, tan, hair, nails
I've got way too much on my mind. Anyway, I hope that I feel good enough to visit mom tmrw. Going to bed soon, so night all.
charity case.
Lesley Boone quotes:...“I tried to commit suicide by sticking my head in the oven, but there was a cake in it.”
dude have you read house of leaves? very good.
New in 25 with
lol well u talk about him 24/7 so yeah im pretty sure it is a real crush
RT : If you have a "class set" of mobile devices then you're only getting about 20% of functionality-- Travis Allen
The one's I put mi trust in the most are the one's least deserving of it!!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY BABY MOMMAS AND WONDERFUL MOTHER'S TODAY!!
<U+FFFD>The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
Arsenal desrved the victory. City clearly content to settle for 1, Arsenal wanted 3, and United couldnt be any happier
Good point.
RT : There is nothing more revolting than forced "positivity" by rappers. (Other than me Tweeting about it.)
You Deserve The Best!
SE Bmore, borders Belair Edison and Lower Herring Run. Used to be Claremont-Freedom.
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 3
no Santa is gonna get it tonight!
I received your tweet about a BI project. MSBI stack is our sweet spot. Please contact me. 913-707-4251
same here. I have nothing ready to submit, which is a far cry from where I was at 5 years ago when I'd submit a first draft
Due to being pretty damn sick, I'm now day 4 with no cigarettes! Woo hoo! And my gets here tomorrow! #imaquitter!
thanks Steph, we're playing at sxsw this friday (!!!) and going on tour in April.
Good Luck(:
I'd just like to know where all the money goes. $35 per article just to read, if your organization does not subscribe?
: bol was that you saying angie ima tell Matt in the morning lol when she was bothering me
Sometimes being the bigger person means being a bigger target for whatever is coming down the road. Be the bigger person anyway.
Movie Review: The Dictator
Thank you!!! Very excited
I don't get all these people with claustrophobia...I'd love to be stuck in an enclosed space with Santa. Great opportunity to sell yourself.
learned that one from a boricua :). I love Latin refranes.
I agree Ellen prom should be for everyone.
Nicaragua is the second poorest nation in the Americas, after Haiti
found it, reposted it for you. Heads up for next drink night (gives "the look") <U+E059>
he'll stay in the NHL. Russians don't really wanna play in the khl after they've played in the NHL
need to stop the
Good Mornin! On my way to work, have a good day.
So glad to be at the Parent Leaders meeting Hope to learn more from advocates around the country. cc:
I just reead the nastiest shit on my TM ..
Great! We should definitely meet while there.
Many congratulations to everyone associated with your fantastic project, & especially to Holly & Courtney.
We are looking for new promoters, e-mail your information to !
I don't get how I hurt you when actually you hurt me why was I so stupid
2 more Saturdays and then we close for the season! Hope all our Purple Peeps stop by for one last 2011 snowcone :)
Provocative 02/14 NYer piece by Gopnik: "the function of a social circle is to curb our appetites and of a [social] network to extend them"
his coaching is overlooked by how much people like him personally
I need a haircut, but im too scared. haha its cuz everytime i get it cut i never like it
ha, love it!
The booys that live next too mee, so sexy ;)
If you don't have anything mean to say… tweet about #rockchalk instead.
I'm so tired but too lazy to try and sleep.
I have never had so many scratches on my hands and legs. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
M... Cake should always be trending. :] RT : Did you notice 's cake-related tweet today? Three makes a trend!
I really really really like him.....
this is some funny, yet relatable shit.
Rainy days always make youu get in your feelings
I no your countin“: Countdown to #sharktank tonight !! Take a break from March Madness and turn to the Sport of Business !”
yup . Last time I checked . Some might be available around the time of the actual show tho .
awesome!!! I was gonna ask ya onus got OT // started reading. Only gets better
Can the O's call up Bundy now? 13IP 21K 0 H. Pretty good stats.
waiting for?
Maddie's cuteness > My cuteness.
Yay! Can't wait! We will see you soon!
First day..she will be in shape in a few days...
Its just one of those times, I know Karma is coming 4 me! Man she plays so rough!
How are those windows you got last summer? Just checkin' in!
I never lose them, I just beat em up something fierce. Same exact make & model four summers in a row, now.
The Lord is near to all who call upon Him. -Psalm 145:18
I just finished a 2.02 mi run with a time of 21:00 with Nike+ GPS.
What are your plans for St. Patrick's Day in Denver? #Denver #St.Pat's
Glad we can be a part of it - having an awesome time in a great city, ready for the #grizz to rock on Sun!
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. George Orwell Happy Friday the 13th!
Watched "Being Elmo," an awesome documentary. Key insight: "Elmo is love." (But God is love.) So, is Elmo is God?
I'm jeleous too!
Plume is by far the best twitter app.
Don't miss Backbeat's FREE night-Sunday-We The Granada-More
: (chart: thanks!) anyone researched link btwn attitudes/practices now & dominant SM form at time of 1st int access?
Mets are finally coming alive <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Life is set up to bring you every needed situation in its own right time.
"Texas is ok if you want to settle down & do your own thing quietly, but it's not for outrageous people..."
Love can make you do things that you never thought possible.
chillin now that im not workin on more i can focus on this music.... when your next showcase
its the best man.
RT : If you're dropping a mixtape & need dry VEO (vocal effects only) drops, get at us or txt (214) 810-2792
I still have an unanswered question D:
is it worth the $5.99 pay-per-view charge?
uhh, you're making that for me sometime
Wow, I can't believe Carroll Shelby died. A very sad day.
just watch the videos again.
Its raining here. I went outside and shouted SHAZAM! loudly. Darn didn't work! I'm just Marvel-ous as I am I guess!
Just spend 30 min talking to my professor outside hbb about life.
has been working in the #AnacostiaDC neighborhood for over 21 years! We love and believe in our community.
After that, does Pau have like 26 rebounds?
Black tea and toast at 3:30 AM: that's how I roll.
LOL! Thanks, Ms. Julie!! Seriously, though. Just nobodies walking around saying stuff. I haven't even smirked.
I manage my time so well, that nap was defintely neccessary. #WowCourtney. -_-
Up early...talkin numbers! Big numbers might I add!
I wanna move closer to my bf, cause his lame ass isn't going to west next year. :/
RT : Get ready for Heropalooza for #LiNC attendees! Catch the shuttle to Bimbos in front of the Great band, great party!
Don't forget to tune in for today's show at 3 pm PT.
not just you - some others too :(
I don't even know if it would've been legal for us to watch that movie in there!
What is Side by Side?
*SIGH* Just follow her...you'll understand. #FollowFriday (via )
My weiner has good posture.
Glad to see people are having fun and don't care! I gtg tweethearts! Bye love ya! Gonna get high tonight if I can;) idgaf anymore I'm done:)
Party at my house :D Dj and everythin outside.
Feeling feverish:/
Only 1 hour and 30 minutes left until the #DegrassiFinale and #frostival! :D My Eclare fangirl will be coming out of hiding tonight lol ;)
Yes, yes I do!
Goodnight everyone!
I just has the worst shower in my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> but I'll live
oh that sucks. it's an hour drive from where I live, but my friends mom is taking us.
Damn dnt wanna do this homework..#Meet All Requirements
Sad to have missed the #newmecommunity DC Meetup. Will def be making out to the next one though.
I would shave my head or cut off a finger for some ice cream and a brownie right now. Seriously.
local NBC is interrupting AGT for election updates here in PDX. Make a call :)
Ouch!! DAMN THIS IS GOING TO HURT FOR A WHILE FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!!
gonna be plenty warm this week, time to hit the DG courses and find some more fans! our grassroots marketing is 2LEGIT2QUIT
blergh when someone tells me they've been sick, it automatically makes me feel sick
Okay make it three someone clicked unfollow... i want war but im so sad now....:-(
Sometimes even fairy tales come true; that's the story of me & you. <3
me and tysan tryin to go to indy u down?
Justin never stops trending lol! Good Morning peeps! Its saturday! Have a nice & relaxing Day!
Starting to feel the affects of yesterday,crashing like I been in 5hr energy or something
When I have a son, I want him to be better than me..........I just set the bar pretty high there.
sometimes I wonder what's God's purpose for putting me through this... #whereareyounow?
the bleeding makes sense now.
.RT : American Dialect Society Word of the Year: "occupy"
Looks like I'm gonna need some bailey's in my coffee this morning...
I would actually want to read Tim Gunn's new book....I think.
Thanks for the speedy reply! I'm really looking forward to Much Ado and Christopher Plummer's show.
Body shots.... Omg.
The espn3 broadcast is much better quality than last year
I had to present my project today and I almost cried and got sick presenting it to my english class. XD
Break!! Break break!
nah I don't
Bummer. Hope you feel better and enjoy the marathon. :D
Final night here at SXSW. About to see Nas perform.
For real. RT Man, I miss the days when it was
Goin to Tennessee for my great grandpas funeral tomorrow.
what up Doctor Roberts?
When one door closes another door of opportunity always opens! Houston's Attractions is and always be on our Grind in the world of Promotion
I know he's fine like a ticket on the dash ;)
especially the kidsdying from improper dental care&the complications that causes like bacterial infections that cause heart disease
The things people do for some chunk change
Happy New Year
hm, too bad, maybe he could have been the level head the other night and kept them out of trouble.
I love how in your icon your socks match your shirt (:
Finally watched DRIVE - Ryan Gosling looking incredibly attractive in that white jacket, but it was too flawed script wise. Cool music too.
To the dude ahead of me in the security line carrying his girlfriends's leopard print D&G bag, get a life.
Yes, me too. And the hair! And the sometimes looking away and sometimes posing.
haha! Don't tell
We would sale more houses to people who are working with good credit if down payment was not 20% and upkeep was not so high
If U WAS MINT TO HAVE SOMETHING YOU'LL ALREADY HAD IT...BUT I WANT THE HOLE WORLD SO I GOTTA GO N GRAB IT...
#shoutoutto you got that swagger.
In case you are wondering, some amazing data analysis of between-ness centrality of jrl articles usage done by #NISO MESUR
In a world of Possibilities, should we dwell in the probabilities?
I saw THE ARTIST over the weekend. Loved it!
Ha! That's totally acceptable...that way they counteract each other.
Research shows 50% increase in CTR for paid search when consumers exposed to brand's soc media.
New data suggest we are winning the war against learning.
Anyone wanna talk? :P
: So true!
I will say this, without a doubt our fans travel well and make a showing GREAT JOB
Francis Chan now.
you may be earnest. But I'm eating eggs Benedict.
you found a loose dog??
you might have a little chump change to afford to buy two luxury cars off the lot in the same day, but you are still poor.
Pulling what she would call a full Obama.
Very Excited! 35 days until camp! Who do you #Follow ?
Shocked that Davy Jones has died. Monkees were great! He was 66.
You should obviously drive distraction free every day! But sometimes it takes small steps to create a good habit.
Yes I waited and it was the hardest thing EVER. But I'm SO GLAD I did!!!
RT : I learned something from Everyone of my ex's
lol no it's not my day lol
Good morning, Wednesday!
I will never get tired of listening to red hot chilli peppers
Missin my sister..
Cable at Internet installed, back on the grid baby!!
what company are you with?
check the dm
Chun: We vs. You - "In a network when a 'we' happens, when we have synchronous activity, you usually have a network outage."
That Just Really PRESSED My Shit!
what the hell. its 4.20 i might as well smoke a joint.
A1: Experience tends to differ between agencies and corporations but internship experience is a must!
I think they are just texting :)
Smh she crazy movies is expensive now lol the other girl was smart lol
girl dey didn't use ta be in da part of da hood I use ta be in
110 on 3rd and final physics test. C'mon finals.
#Popi tragic and comedic at the same time! A Father's love for his children and wanting a better life for them in the U.S.
i like tweeting real shit...seriously
On my way to ACHE Board meeting in Irving. TGIF
didn't get any either
Only thing that could make this traffic tolerable was Ax pulling off the W & lookin at the next car to see hes cheering with me
Acclaimed journalist Chris Hedges talks #Occupy, reporting from war zones today on
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 8
Bull Durham. Everyone else a distant third.
great idea !!!
I am in Oklahoma now on my way to Albuquerque New Mexico
Something awesome is goin to happy soon .. I can feel it #waiting ((:
Delayed in ft. myers. Need to get imported to detroit son.
Grease is the word, have you heard?
Deb Malkin! Thank you so much for your love and support!!! Wishing you the best ALWAYS. A Happy New Year to you, sister!!!
Spending the day spring cleaning/organizing/painting the house. Jealous?
yea without faith we have nothing! so are you ready for a warm holiday?
i can't think of the last time i've been up this early!! i don't know what to do with myself =/ i guess i'll hit the gym early....
Canada cuts food inspectors despite recent outbreak: union
Who screened the learner team selectors?! Absolutely terrible team, Nick by far has the best team
OTA's start on Monday. Getting close to the season!!!!!!
keep telling yourself that... You'll believe it eventually
Ditto. RT : No matter what it was that did it, I'm happy to hear that!
best guitar teacher ever
Adios Madison! We lucked out with 3 days of gorgeous weather! Back to Chicago now!
Budget enough time and money to market your company; the world won't beat a path to your doorstep if they can't find you. -Rich Br
So glad you love us! Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
I'm sexy
By finding different ways to approach things, we can alter our experience before it even happens. All we have to do is shift our focus.
i know right!!!
curious why you'd use both? the sdk gem was made by us and the s3 one wasn't (and hasn't been updated since april 2009)
Helping Source Theatre in DC with auditions for summer festival.
After waiting a month for a job offer to finalize, it fell through. Very debilitating. Hope to find something soon.
which typing test did you use on the iPad?
i would trade the world just to have the old you back... in a heartbeat.
He's certainly no Tiger! Wait, guess that's a compliment! Enjoy it ! Gig allows more family time? Can I sign up?
RT : We're gonna have black mass in here
'til recently we were only followed by the queens of England. We hope u dig what we do, as we are digging the KOE! Best & success
It was definitely a PR stunt. #sharktank can cause you to blow up your sales especially if ecommerce.
My weekend >>>> your weekend
Busy at work. Sorry, no #FF this week.
I will bring the Hornby books to Forum tomorrow. :)
Jim Croce's "Say I love you in a song"?
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe that Bitches gets no Love.
Is there any way the Yankees can get Humber by the all-star break ..... :l
peed on This night is rowdy.
I need a St Patrick's Day themed activity for my advanced students this week. Any suggestions??
RNG yes yes yes
u still awake? call me
How much money does one need in order to become a "philanthropist"?
At the 9/11 Remembrance Gala...
Yawn yawn LaHair goes deep again - BB
#MeanwhileBackInLA "wake up with god" (aka no alarm), enjoy a 3 hour lunch in the sun, and a nap at 4:45pm . . . or #UnemployedWeekday?
Have a great day folks
JJ is a stud!
Good afternoon all. Happy weekend!
Today is Picture Day. Post any pictures you have on me here. The one I like the best is going to get a call from me tonight :-)
Looking forward to Cars 2 in 3D with Jennifer and Will. Guess who picked the movie?
not sure yet. Usually Super Target. Suggestions?
Thanks, Richard! Have a great weekend.
Polo t-shirt and polo draws . Now come & take this polo off .
you mean Gio? So much for that expensive higher education...
know many girls say this is ugly but for me you are perfect love you :)
What can we deliver for you today?
FUCK! RT > : Actually I think it's sold out already on pre orders lol
When visiting the gas station twice a week and the cost outweighs half your months expenses, I believe reform is needed.
Answer to Monday's Interesting Health Fact of the Day: When you take a step, you are using up to 200 muscles!
Anyone using Constant Contact? They changed so you can't update a contact's e-mail without deleting & re-creating an account. Ridiculous!!
": The more I think about it, the more I realize it was my fault.. :/"
9:46 pm -- it's on! Go #Buckeyes!
A California parole board denied convicted killer Charles Manson, 77, parole for the 12th time, next hearing when he becomes 92-years-old.
um if u get i tho u won't b bored ok
Lettuce, apples, and potatoes?
Since I'm gonna be alone alot, might as well be alone in my own place.
I was looking for a way to get out of working on my taxes today. That was not the way I hoped it would come about.
Thank you for sharing our Kirkus Review and for your support of our book!
Ha! You beat me to it!
ice cream.
I feel bad when somebody texts me and I don't know who they are so I just text back like I know lol
Suddenly, everyone is an LA Kings fan. But congrats to them!
Digital review copy of #Diablo3 just hit my inbox. This day just gets better and better.
I asked Ereck if a) I could tickle him and b) he would promise never to tickle me. For some reason he didn't go for it.
: Lol gotta lot on my mind...home alone so i only got twitter ta talk 2...
i had a reason : you were annoying mee !
: Chilling with this chica .
Working on Getting enough Content for my Boy Much Respect <U+E00D>
: ...have for workers the better. But I'm just saying there are exceptions. I think activists who have supportive employers...
bitch tits
If you lost a wallet on #wmata, check shaw/howard metro operator booth - I just turned one in.
please follow me! I live all the way in Virginia and I can't go to your first concert! #FollowMeAustin :)
Amazon - cloudy with a chance of server crashes
haha does every insanity workout w/ me! We skipped yesterday so decided to try double workouts today. We'll see.
thanks. Standing outside now.groggy and annoyed. Yeah we get to transfer to a crowded train and be more late
OMG best night ever!!! first BOLT then later CHICKEN LITTLE. but too bad I have to go to sleep before Chicken Little even starts
Great advice from : Writing is about working through things.
RT : happy birthday! :]>>>Thanks so much, Kerri!
“: Before I die I want to lay under the stars on the beach of Australia” with
A huge thank you for all the follow friday and mentions! You guys are awesome!
Where are the handball players, Percussionist, artist in south Florida.? Okai Haiti
Wish you the best on your quiz hon. I know you will rock it. So glad you are enjoying it :D.
Hey David, thanks for the follow - try drinking more coffee for weight loss! ;-) Take care!
FollowolloF much appreciated :-))
Someone needs to create an index of things cool and digital. It is NOT Google -- Google upside down (inside out?). A Dewey Digital System?
Bad decisions, good intentions.
There's no shortage of racist and homophobic comments this evening around the bar. Sure didn't miss this about
Wait, Junior Seau died?!
I wonder if you are really as beautiful as I believed you were.
am I in LA you're asking?
and we're back...new $hit coming real soon
Detroit Lions! Bring back the Fonce!!!
Hey everyone follow
I took a few days off from coffee and after drinking two cups today i fell like im on speed, and chugged a rebull, five hour energy, and ...
Sorry to disappear on the convo. Was busy eating feet & flirting with my French waiter Nicolas.
I got into a lot of trouble for that little escapade.
Could never be happy with being the one when I know the difference between that and being his ONLY one...
If you are absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Spent 3 days at #MottChildren (w/dd9). Can't say enough nice things about hospital/staff. Thanks SO much
happy birthday! Hope you get to enjoy some of it!
Cator: Imp for Assessment- Growth (adaptive tech), Measure Range of Standards, Leverage Technology
I always thought that in the beginning of 'Fight for your right' it wasn't "kick it" that was yelled, but rather "CHICKEN!"
Accomplished at what we have not quite figured out. :)
Follow me to find out secret deals and amazing times ahead!!!
good luck!
Right now im on one
Nigth in UK Trakgalvis. Glad that you are following us. Think we belive in same World, who can´t change, but can be better.
#ASECS12 ...actively practicing 2 instruments, keenly interested in dance and loved dancing when she was younger.
if you can get a portfolio you can get notice
Now I too like "got a condo up on Biscayne" :) So excited...now just wish I knew what his addy was.....
Opening shop has got to be the easiest thing ever.
Good, like this offseason suggests. I'm very cheap.
9% increase in social buzz in the weeks leading up to a shows premier leads to 1% increase in ratings
Eric church w/ brantley gilbert and blackberry smoke may 5th, presale starts tom! woop
Baylor = Dead in the water
What's up Twitter? What going down on a Friday night?!
- if you know any rock star HC, HR or recruiters send them my way. Lots of cool opportunities in Dec
Let's go pacers Good first half!
Email, tamed :)
i hi Taryn pleezed to Tweet you
THE MAGNET, YOU MORONS!!!!!
Colby, that looks great!
Uh oh. Today at practice? And how long on the DL?
2 Comments Click here to read/write comments
Whaddya wanna bet the woman who hit Reese Witherspoon with her car had just watched "Cruel Intentions"? #Reese Witherspoon
Follow !!! Pushing creativity to new heights!!
What is your favorite song off of Fashionably Late? Make sure to include the album name in your tweets!
the worst is listen to music and your customers talk to you . Can you see I'm busy ?
Okay, it's tomorrow. Any piano playing yet? That did look a proper grand. :)
Glad this week is over.
Has been taken over by 'the flu'!!!
Powerful women empower their spouses.
Nunez RBI single
Civilian casualties, all of us.
so glad I could just retweet that. I was at a loss.
WAMU FM has been running an ad for just that skillset. Might be worth considering... Details on their website. I think: wamu.org
Comm. May I think that here is substantial evidence that these objectionable conditions may exist now.
": Ready for shougal tomorrow!! How bout you ?" Fit and X rated! Comin in hot. Rippin huge holeshots!
don't let the controversy stay FOREVER
Surreal walking around Brookyn and hearing MJ's music blastic out of gay bars and taxicabs.
In class stupid bored!!!
I suck at this whole online dating thing.
Boy I hate coffee grounds in my coffee!
thanks for the RT! See you tomorrow!
"Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once." Johann Kaspar Lavater
Excited about your newest journey of discovery. Anxious to read the results.
I'm on a edge
there is, but it's pretty limited. I've been playing with and Just wanted to see what else is around
"If I'd of shot up crystal meth as opposed to smoking it, I'd still have my front teeth." -Crackhead Mike
Telling the true is the right thing to do.. ..
Roommates a chef. Thank God.
same here but im pretty good
did you vote??? I did lol
I wish #FreshmenYearTaught me more!
Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough & you don't know why.
My thoughts exactly! So many different predictions. ": 5 inches? But we thought ... And then the forecast ... Never mind.
#gc2012. Have any of you made a new friend on twitter? If not you are missing a grand opportunity. Twitter isn't just about you.
1.they bite 2.you can't play with them, it hurts ! 3.they get panic attacks and tense up so much they tear muscles! i swear
But those are hardly SMS-speak. I do agree those abbreviations are inappropriate for formal business writing.
Thanks for the RT
We are now opening up for the group to ask and any questions from our chat tonight.
i would love to be able to sleep right about now :/
love thriller, but I thought Off The Wall was a better album.
what's your PO box?
im gettinf my confirmation in May and idk when ik getting my braces off :\
yay multitasking Pandora is up on the app store
I'm just ready for the lakers to be out of the playoffs
love you Rush! oh by the way I am a female who happens to be a republican! ditto's forever!
If it weren't bad enough to remember pple's names, now have to remember twitter handles too.
I'M SOO IMPATIENT RIGHT NOW!!
me too(;
Newark-Chicago-Los Angeles luv
haha yeah, sorry for the confusion
I haven't really tweeted today. mostly just
Apparently the reach in is not a foul in the NBA anymore. C'mon man.
that song gjakkd
RT : Best Of luck!!!
. Well aren't U nice! TYVM
That's why the only Frampton I trust is Peter.
Other than eggs? “: If you're going to spam me on twitter at least have an avatar. Why would I buy something from an egg?”
if you told me that, worst case scenario, we address all 3 major areas of need and hit big on 2 of 3? Easily signed up for that
I'm checking out a chocolate business. Anyone want to check it out with me? Might be sweet!
Americans who never leave the country...
you better come wit it!!!
Happy Birthday #BettyWhite! Hope you can make it to Speaking Of on February 4th!
recording features for
Nice, actual judge addressing jury pool. Funny guy!
Ugly Disco tonight! www.uglydisco.com
Marley movie coming out on auspicious date: april 20. should be fun!
something corporate might be my favorite band right now
IT'S THE WEEKEND. SO, YOU DO NOT EXIST.
Tweet me! <3
I've become quite fond of a certain Irish brogue over the last few days
Rob Bonstein rep 4 Bruno Mars at #NAMM2012 said: A single new release now has over 250 lines of data associated with it.
I may have woken up at noon but at least I felt embarrassed about it. That's being responsible, right?
hey maestro!how come ur not following me anymore?u should lol
#edfail Bill gates' dreams!
Can I Hold You While You Wrap Yourself Around Me?
Palindrome of the day: "He won a Toyota now, eh?"
We rape lil niggas like yu where I'm from
I've been going but in the afternoon. You still down for the mornings?
Oh my is interesting this morning.
#thehungergamestaughtme just knock a boy out, he love you afterwards anyway.....
Thinking about ways can engage #RocYPs. Any Ideas?
Productive day currently halted for a safety and emissions test. (For my car, not me.)
With Crimson in command has left Levien gym. Spike Lee as well. Harvard up 74-65 25.6 seconds left in OT
fun filled day with the kids :)
#yvwebcast. Wow, look at all these Christians tweeting!
Come to the wordcamp Seattle preparty @ Jillians (upstairs) All are welcome, even if you are not attending #wcsea (via )
Congratulations to ALL of your success!!!!
Live TV hit Friday at 830am on Fox 5 Mornings with
Hi I'm Shaylee & I Love Long Romantic Walks To My Fridge.
Lyrical Nephilim giant, look me up in the bible.
I liked the picture you took with me in Sacramento :)
Tom Lehrer~ On my income tax it says Check this box if you are blind. I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away.
We are @ Workers' Compensation listening forum saying that CA must restore fairness for injured workers and strengthen insurance oversight!
Mommy goes back to work part-time Monday after recovering from a broken hip. They wax the floors too much at the Pentagon..I will miss her
these niggas out here hustlin' in the school uniform heel nah
Hey man... let's chat sometime. Would like your help on something...
Yay jordan put the shirt I wanted from the blackout forever tour online.
favorite song/ cover by the boys?
So what's been happening in the world while I was asleep.. Care to get me in??
L.A. to Frankfurt to Torino- globetrotting as always,and LOVING it.Mamma and papa',here I come!Flying back to NY on the 1st day of New Year
I can't wait to see you in June:)
Come throw down a few
dont dont dont wake me up, cause i hate who i am today
Haha, but it's true!
got a shout out from #LTNY as a law firm pricing expert
Ya....it kinda does, just like the word...uh...uhm lol idk i cant think of one right nowlol
(anti)aliasing, I believe. Send it to me if you want and I can format.
Hey Thanks for the
Good luck, Sis!
Can't wait to feel better. Smh :(
RT if you hate
You couldn't be any more retarded
We're all a little bit weird. But you know what? That's okay. Embrace yourself. You're the only you out there.
Man, some people just suck...ASS!
well i almost have a page done ;)
I just don't know anymore...beyond confused
RT : Win through your actions, never through argument.
POTUS, on his upcoming lunch with cong leaders: ""I'm going to offer them some hoagies." (via WH pool)
hey Edward! :] I love you cause of thank you. :*
I accidentally kinda flipped him and he landed on a table lmfao but he told everyone he slipped on ice
pumpkin, pumpkin, pumpkin, Oh yeah... And pumpkin too!!!!
okay . Do you want me to post the pic on here??
while it is good to be in the office, it's odd having no voice. If u call me today, be prepared to be whispered at!
Whoever said the camera adds 10 pounds should stop eating cameras.
Amazing message yesterday...you nailed it...my boys loved it too! Kieran loved the Elijah story, of course!
Would love to read this, but your link doesn't go to your blog?
yea you're still on there. This micro test is gonna be brutal!
Listening to a california middle school choir and they are better then I expected lol #GoodJob!!
Come and visit Seattle's Coolest Santa on the Observation Deck from 11am-5pm this Sat & Sun. PS - Please don't tug on his beard. It's real!
I also sent you an email through your mailbag on SI.com with more details. Thank you!
The work is now starting for the next season. Now I know what I'm in for. Fool me once, shame on you, twice shame on me. Doing work.
In a mood. Wish I wasn't in school right now so I could jam hahaa.
Santo & Johnny - Sleepwalk
Stay schemin is one of the whackest songs I've ever heard drake or rick ross on
Thanks for the follow:-)
Working tomorrow which means no nap which means lots and lots of energy drinks for the midnight premiere of the avengers
feeling like a grinch right now.
text me
My weekend >>>> .Really not tryna go to school :(
does wssp have a bucks postgame show. if not they should get one.
that's cool. Hahaha@
Poignant words from MLK as we enter an election year: "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools."
The best thing about me is you.- Shannon Crown
HELLO! Thanks For the Follow.
Wow, I wonder what happened to my going to bed at 8 to stay awake for taks.. i'm becoming too lazy to even go to bed. :L
Just realized that at no point today have I been wearing real pants. Sometimes the occasion just doesn't arise.
Happy to join #journchat tonight!
I never thought id be apart of this cult you have created but your music goes so hard I must say I'm now laced the fuck up
Had a great dinner with alumni and current staff members Zach Glembin and Byron Anderson.
There's this girl; even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong. She's gorgeous. And she just finished reading this.
Lmao at that tweet :)
Big game today Lets go Noles!
where are the games played?
fun filled day with
i know!!! So was klaus the start of stephan and damons bloodline?
If I could only listen to one artist for the rest of my life, it would be Ray Charles.
If not for the light of the faithful women, it means there is no decent fidelity to men.
WHO IS GETTING THOSE NIKE'S THAT COME OUT ON THE FIFTH? IF YOU NEED THEM WE'LL HAVE THEM (502)448-9193
going to sleep see u guys soon <3 ya.
Why did you stop trying?
follow and please :D x26
What's everyone doing for Halloween weekend?
If any of my friends ever got cancer and lost their hair I would shave my head and be bald with them <3
Answer to previous tweet: JAMES FRANCO!!!!
No problem
happy birthday bob marley r.i.p
I forgot about Coffee Bar! And I'll have to check out that other one. Thanks so much!
i was wondering how do you make your empanadas? cause i was looking at ur pics and they look really good!!!
you know it
Damn. This boy is SO blind. Your killing me here.
YES<3 follow back? (:
Just returned from my first trip to Trader Joe's. I don't think I've ever been this excited about groceries before...
Opening day!!!
did Sweezy get drafted as an OL?? Played DT in college...
4 #hospital but was told feeding is not allowed at ER. We're wondering whether they will just let this patient suffer. Con't
Looking for shows for The Pinch. Whatcha got, Twin Cities?
By mainly talking only to myself, I frequently am impressed with how intelligent and witty the converstaion is.
Another Pick-Up: Free mammograms! ...get your free mammograms here, get 'em while they're hot!
Today went by really fast at school today. I'm not sure why, but it did.
So inspiring to hear success stories from our charter school principles. Proof that anyone can learn with the right tools.
Much need shot of East Coast today. Thx Bawston ;)
FYI: I will random shout you out on twitter today and also send all you 2012 Grads a shout out in the 7pm hour tonight on Kiss 97.3
200 followers, let's get out following to 300! And we will reveal a clue into the next film campaign!
. #friendsatsnarfs should totally be a thing.
I think most credible Physicians wouldn't agree that its "no big deal".
Will FDA step in to regulate EHRs?
#badrecipe for flank steak: calls for flank steak, s&p, and a hot pan. Recipe is actually more for the cauliflower sidedish. Gross.
: If you electrically shock a person's brain, their math skills can greatly improve for up to 6 months.
Many Thanks U School of Dentistry for inviting Dr. Levine to speak today to the practice management class!
All black everything!!! Work off the turkey TONIGHT at our OFFICIAL after-party: The Blackout II - The All Black Gala! Click here for...
thanks! I'll take a look
Thx for the warning. Its corrected now.
Attempted to eat my way through the state fair and still went over to my parents house for beer can chicken. I hurt so much it's not funny
This girl is fussy. Not hungry. Not dirty. Probably tired but won't sleep. What the heck do I do? My son was never fussy.
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than knowing and believing that she's BEAUTIFUL!!
You don't get style points for advocating libertarianism.
#SMBAustin &quot;Participation can go in any direction&quot; talking about how community can take your product in different ways.
Haha i miss trios to
i mean KELSEY
Um, no one said otherwise. Why waste your (and my) time trying to be so nasty? Let KC fans enjoy a win. See ya later.
Dance was #amazing <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><U+2728> three more rehearsals til competition:)))
Thoughts & prayers to everyone hit with tornados today in North Texas. Counting my blessings it missed me.
Update: Still expect higher accumulations west of #RVA with accumulations on the range of 4-8in. #RVA folks should expect 2-4in
been hiding out in the studio preparing to unleash some new music in 2012. Thanks for the #MM!
you want any 13 dollar socks??
Need to lock myself in my room with no electronics so I can read 100 pages of tale of two cities and study euro
Thanks Jeezy for Tooth Fairy shout outs
I mean if me and my friend thought you were cute I'm sure many other females thought the same thing ha.
Do I need to put a huge sign on her that says "SHE'S MINE" or what?
#obama & #Biden made millions as "public servants" and donated almost nothing to
Will you be racing the Bristol fall race?
I just realized... why didn't we watch any of the games last weekend together?
Omg I haven't been on here in a while! HI(: ~K
It was a biggie song, so fucking annoying...Ill have to fix it tomorrow. Damn it haha
I just want the relationship where you spend so much time together it makes you sick
Knowles injury doesn't look good on camera. That looks like a long recovery.
thank you
": I'm Fine Being Single, I Have Enough Shit Going On. Relationships Just Seem To Add To Complication."
P.S. We found the nun-chucks! haha They were in a drawer! Go figure. Perhaps next weekend come over for a Catan Game night?
happy bday! I'm sorry i can't give you that as a present! :-) hope your day is going well!
ewwwww you're so weird <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
#HerbieHancock playing Miles Davis, hope you are watching this.
Just saw one of the freakiest avi's on my timeline lol smh
This just made me so sad. RT : SUDDEN REALIZATION: TMAC STILL HASN'T GOTTEN OUT OF THE FIRST ROUND.
never.... but never say never so... eh idk u tell me
I'm lookin at u too...
PLATE SALE FOR "ROB SIERRA" AND BIKE RALLY GOING ON AT BROADWAY BAR NOW , COME OUT AND SHOW SUPPORT
SWEDEN. calm yo tits. literally...
Stop fucking lying to yourself.!
Hold mah dick!
i'm off to the great out-of-doors to enjoy our world :) hope U r too! Enjoy our World & help protect her!!! I love planet Earth:) be safe:)
XMRadio customer service: WIN. Mavs customer service: WIN. Chase Bank customer service: non-existent. Citi Bank customer service: See Chase.
There are some really, really dumb commercials out there.
Happy birthday pattie u diserve the best day ever!!!!
Britney Is Back Better Than Ever
It's really disappointing when a cute guy has a super gay/girly voice!
Mizu Sushi bar and Grill Grand Opening. 1035 S. Winchester Blvd San Jose Ca, 95127
might just lie and say my sketchbook got water spilt on it. id rather drop art than spend a whole day drawing
Emily says she is 26. Are those leap years?
Up early, getting ready to head to J'ville for Herrington Family Christmas. Should be a fun day!
I was kidding!
It's cold af in this class
I watched Cheaper by the Dozen 2 yesterday! LOVED IT! So cute :)
Wiener's Circle = funniest new show... I never watch but this is hysterical. Thank you !
i cant wait any longer you look gorgeous!
On my way to go find them too....
RT : When you can improve upon what is, there's no need to fret about what has been or what might be.
Hey there Kathy I never welcomed you to our twitter
Who knew that opera employed dramaturgs? Chicago Lyric, for one, + another guy I just heard speak on NPR. Time to expand my repertoire...
Wow!! Did you check the junk mail aswell? Brah Because I'm sure it was sent the same day you mention it to me.
Understood bro! Getting excited to see that Single Ladies is back on soon...how are the music and book coming?
See you next lifetime, Ellen Page.
that would be awesome!!!:)
You know my Mommy Lauren. I think.
Taking shots in honor of boosie. Do it big boosie boo.
No problem. You said you were on twitter. Thought this would be faster and ease your mind about your work. Have a good summer.
it's really only one extra class...
Apparently Canseco has stopped taking his pills again.
Agreed. Wait until after tomorrow, when the Dems can rally around one candidate!
I knew the slabs were going to look good. The truck came in this morning before the rain yay - the crane scale didn't work however.
will now be doing a deal on 5 packs of shows for $65 ! Yes you heard right now get to it!
How is December treating everyone so far?
I know that even with the seams stitched tightly darling, scars will remain.
Getting the ball rolling on something cool for the local rock scene. It's time to rally the troops, and bust down some doors!!
Just followed sent me.
Well I was close. His stand-up is so dirty... I love it!
I bet it is
Are you a content consumer or creator?
I had to walk away and I walked inside and fell on the floor laughing
as well as beastiality
We could do it. RT : Less then 2" of rain by Sun would make this the wettest March at PDX on record!
will be interesting to see if I can get everything done before I leave for NAMM on Monday!
Had a great day filming The Hardest Love! Thanks to Henry Roa, Geneva Ortiz and Petey! What a fun and productive Day!
Exactly like that! lol What's up with that? Someone really doesn't want us talking.
You'll get a little off track sometimes but today's a new day! Hit the reset button and keep moving
Javale McGee looks like Caesar from Planet of the Apes.
shit real down south need to tight.n up with support.n artist
Also, I know you'll definitely put them to good use :) Would love to see more of your pics on Flickr! Happy holidays :)
Got 2 tickets for fucking leaving the scene of an accident and improperly backing up -.- ughh fmll
Just sold 5 more tickets!
"Just because you are a recognized brand doesn't mean you are a loved brand" -Alejandra Carvallo, Intel
The mustang is a horrible car too. Lol
Wishing you all a most joyous, prosperous and blessed 2012...and beyond!!!
No... That's a hippy!
Gym time!! Getting after it
At the DMV, last time I was here and looked on twitter.... Well I wonder if Brad Pitt is in DC today. I got my Jordans on so I still run lol
Does anyone know when the bus is leaving today?
I have less than 24 hours to study a years worth of AP Government content. Let's go!
#Truth RT Happy Valentines Day!! We love you everyday, but it's a good day to let you know!
i dot know you to have an problem with you but I do know you have a lot to say bout me ?
Spending my Saturday morning watching Saved By The Bell on Netflix! #amI12again?
where have u been?
I'm playing tonight at Soundwave(Canes) in mission beach at 7pm acoustic set..ten dollar cover..21 +
yep it is!
still no luck at the stores near me. U guys definitely need to be at Greens on Buford Hwy. Their Phone # is (404) 872-1109.
You know you're outta shape when wii bowling makes your arm sore!
that entire post was Greek. But, it's my pleasure to see you sir.
The side conversations, IMs, and neigbor-itis delivers the wrong message to your employees....corporations need to be proactive
Lord, Creator God, your glory is all around us in the blessings from your hand. Please help me live mindful of your glory.
hahaha!!! Oh gosh girl nombre take it at LCC main!!! Most of the teachers are easy! I can recommended two of them! Lol
At least you can touch them.
Finally in DC and getting ready for the Intelligent Cities conference tomorrow!
Today, take an extra 5 minutes putting on your favorite lotion after your shower. It's like a free mini-massage!
I like my carbs like I like my women...complex. Thanx 4 the brown rice option #chipotle!
she looks like sutton MERCER
I've actually downloaded two Juliet Simms tracks. No joke.
How are you Nialler? :D
are u going to CD release party Thursday?
how much slack u catching from that uncle charles sausage commercial?!?
The Break, a documentary about youth homelessness from MTV, Gigantic Productions and The Edge from U2, will air on MTV 3/2/12.
I just registered yesterday. Totally cool.
Tip of the day: if you want money but you dont have a job then alls you got to do is visit a bank.
the google homepage is hella cute tho
-- My bad, I'm just now seeing this, but Nah.. You there?
NAAH u do cz ur the sweetest thing on earth:)
great! Come visit:)
Great point too RT next year BSU and SDSU leave for the BE. Utah State and San Jose State really don't fill that void
Not too bad kinda wanna do a full...
Special S/O to my lilo daddy for helping me out with the dumbest class ever (Bio-Chem) today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><U+2764> thanks
Thanks for following everyone! Sending out something special to a random follower when I reach 1,000. Love my fellow #Wilco fans!
Anyone know a professional chef/culinary student with free time? Pondering a collab photo/brand project.
Ain't no Heaven fo' a thug n*gga, that's why we go to thugs mansion...
that freaking kid who I was telling you about yesterday! He's like hardcore fb stalking me
This is going to be a good day if I have to stab someone to make it a good day. This may be a good day BECAUSE I stab someone.
I see you
I believe we left before you arrived. Next time. We're also sad that we didn't see you
and everyone said i was the one who wouldn't be able to do it....shame shame.
Time for some more
Twisting my words will get yo ass beat!!!!!
Don't blame you ;)
Yup, I am posting to twitter while in a meeting... in all fairness to me, the guys I'm with get sidetracked every 3 seconds.... :P
#ImHappyWhen you show you love me.
You guys have ruined the site and its magic - all functionality that mattered is gone. Go back!
ahahahahahhahahahahha omg I just died
Kinect will also enjoy full connectivity with Facebook, via a game specifically created to sync with the social networking site.
The beautiful dance of the sun's rays upon the ocean reflects not the depth, an inner world teaming with life.
My mom: Double click all the links!
Happy New Year!! :)
star wars is nothing compared to star trek what are you on
Shoot out the lights...amazing. Perfect Norm next
I got so many butterflies in my stomach the shit is crazy.
cool, see you then G
Totally agree. SoS Hillary Clinton is one of the BEST U.S. Secretary of States, EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Interesting. No easy answers. Is someone going to solve this with a brilliant fix? Music biz has similar problems.
Still don't understand why west miami cops have mercedes SUV's
you've got that right
oh ok lol :D
im coming down to see him now more that before becasue im gonna prob have a job and a car and i can go wherever without my dad
Yum! Looking forward to it!
you coming down for fringe? I think we can make that happen?
DQ needs 2 days to make a cake? Huh. Hubby'll have to settle w/ a generic "Happy Birthday." The "Matthew" part would take 2 days. Goodness.
are you in Rochester?! I thought you were coming out tonight
Chil, that's not even me. Lmfao just don't come at me wrong or I will destroy you.
Follow these people
Im confused About what time it starts...
Ugh! 4got lunch money... Guess I wont b having lunch 2day 8(
Ight fam just hot the phone I got them bottles ready RT “: You Already Know My G ”
Guest at work: "(On making out) Drive-ins were a way of moving the car without turning on the motor."
Mary, the movie Bodyguard was my very favorite, and the song I will always Love you is my all time favorite!!
is as "busy as a beaver!"
The tweet almost makes more sense if you reverse Ella's and my ages, doesn't it?
When you buy from a national chain only 17%-25% stays in the community. When you buy nationally online 0% stays in the community.
Can't we all get along?
Watching Laugh to keep from crying...
i don't have my hands on one to see where it might fit in programming exposure- I did do CMK in san antonio ISTE
Pessimists in the house!
Dear ex #gtfo of my life did you not get the message before?
Sleeping with the windows open = eyes nearly swollen shut this morning from allergies.
I couldnt eat like a normal person :c My mom had to cut my food into small pieces <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> My mouth hurts bad :c
They don't thank God as much as they did 10 years ago at the Oscars
Left his feet, 2 min penalty. He didn't target the head it's clearly shoulder to shoulder. Charging. Rangers should have scored on the PP.
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Parents just don't understand..
that looks so delicious
This is a great list! Thank you for sharing it! -Rachel
Yes! My #Sector9 is on it's way!
Two of the best shows on Television are on Showtime, Weeds and The Big C (with Laura Linney) if you havent seen either, you have to watch
you are?! whenn!
Every business owner should understand where online marketing investments go and how they succeed or fail. In my latest Madvertising blog …
Brooklyn New York city, where they paint the walls with biggie?
Now Leïla Medjkoune: How can Web Archives become a critical component of today's Internet?
i will love you till you die! I actually did mine though
You Europeans are on a whole different level of swearing aren't you?
so where we at this weekend ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lol
Hoping the #Celtics can win at home tonight!
Thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets.
or the fearless lol but then i put my reading glasses on and saw livelove and i got with the program lol
I don't think I'll ever master the art of knowing whether my socks are black or navy in the morning light. #mismatched #thehorror!
don't you think? :)
art tip: the grand canyon from 36,000 feet on a clear day.
Yep we are living together!
Met so many great museum professionals tonight at GW's museum networking event.
Someone had to do it. Might as well be me. Makes for a funny story later.
Ha interesting conclusion here! NY and Bost were not alone in the destruction of the tea.
good morning! Getting ready to lace 'em up.
“ BBQ 2day so u kno iam good”u know black people like that shit lol
Excited for my 1st ever #yahoofantasyfootball draft tonight! I may not be in your league, but I want you on my team!
ha, welcome to twitter!
In FY 2013 there will be NO increase in shelter capacity. We had a 15% budget increase for shelters between FY 2011 and FY 2012.
is that the Doritos one?
Anytime someone says "It's not that much work," they mean the exact opposite.
RT : How are you planning to celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
You can thank me now...
lmao w.e
Good idea RT : Pre-test for a group advising session can cut down on time spent on already understood topics
you. Wanna. Be. With. Me<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wonder what North Korea has in store for today.
and now no one feels bad for you. Let the ocean wash away your stress.
If Taylor Hicks Lee Dwyze and Kris Allen had a kid it would be Phillip Phillips
yes sir! it'll be a great show!
me: "lets go hang with the boys" harry: "i wanna keep you all to myself , all day & all night "
Thanks. I just get so infuriated when he says it's partly our fault. So stupid.
DNU stands for Do Not Use... Why can't you just write BAD
Shout out to all the chapter leaders in today's workshop!!!
Love to cross paths at #sxsw produces video for health companies. Let us know if you have a spare minute! :)
We're going 4 vs. 4 as both teams have a player in the penalty box.
Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you
RT : Jasper had another incident. He's better now. #Pet Essence #seizure formula from was really helpful.
Wearing glasses does suck though. :/
i'll be in gb running the cellcom half on sunday! come out and cheer!
Just watched 's music video on MTV<333 it is AMAZING!<3333
im not lil wayne but itz no ceilings,cause im swaggin through the roof...
Cya Saturday in madisonville man I'm breaking out an old UK jacket for you to sign you would be the 4th
homies same here !
With all the fish in the sea, some are still too lazy to cast their own line. Don't work, don't eat..
i've seen none of those films! i'll have to find them somehow. do you own them?
Headed to Wegmans!
lol. But really, I haven't studied at all.
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE COMING TO ESTONIA! SEE YOU SOON:) GOOSH , I AM SO HAPPY :):) YOU RULE GUYS!!! FOLLOW ME BACK
I see u
Thanks for giving me the chance to be part of ur music video!! Its Gunna Rock!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Dark Side of the Moon Pink Floyd
450 Pinnacle Pilots Could Be Furloughed
LOVE too MUCH, HOPE too MUCH, CARE too MUCH.......make you HURT too MUCH!
I get to see all my McCluer friends tomorrow at sectionals :))
That Crouching Tiger-style laptop commercial DOES have racist overtones, right?
love you to sis ;)
Very sad, indeed. Did you try reconnecting? They may be overwhelmed because I've told every person I know to sign up.
Burriss might also be a better bunter than Bumgarner, as well.
... This feeling
what's "the 15 minutes thing?"
You sure that was us? We stream all day- If you ever want to jam come on up!
First trim since September.
sounds great!!
Food Truck Thursdays at the courthouse! what more could ya ask for :)? 11-2
Firmed up some exciting new developments with my sport psychology provision (from next month), it's nice to meet open minded individuals.
Rocking at the party at their new offices downtown
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 6
Heading to the Veterans Writing Retreat hosted by Incredibly honored to have this opportunity.
Really needed that chocolate chip cookie.......
Patient alert: road work along Allens Lane & Mt. Pleasant around Lincoln Drive. Best way to access office is via Germantown Avenue.
I may get some and try it. We have a Williams-Sonoma in Boston's Back Bay.
Interview tomorrow at Sol Tan & Spa. I need this job!
RT Did u miss Leadville? If u did, check out www.raceacrossthesky.com Coming to Madison. Gonna be great.
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
at least the poster session deadline is a bit later, I think.
Thank you. Haha you will be there soon so enjoy! :)
haters do not need a motive but pure jealousy
Gang- electronic registration brochure is now online. Go to SECO2011.com!
I think Tourrettes sufferers are just people who habitually spill used coffee grounds on the floor.
Happy 25th Birthday Kristian. Love and Miss u.. Rest in Peace!!!!
Dude in a camo hat at the dog park: dogs name is SoCo, sons name is Remington. I fear for America
I guess ima shower now [:
yes, with them. A tour with all of those guys would be amazing.
Should I bring Artie the Aardvark to the KY show? I don't know if you miss him or not
NICE .... Gotta download that!
thanks for your input...Andale AP Contreras your turn
Happy Birthday, my boo!
Right now, I just wanna go home, eat lifesavers and sleep
Good Luck #babydoll (:
Minister orders probe into ballot paper shortage reports
Me and just played shuffleboard with Nicky Romero
awesome!!! I love good news.
As much as I miss Emperor Remy, I find Eck to be a suitable replacement. Perhaps the best alterna-Rem.
if they had made the same effort they could have made something on the same level
Sweet dreams everyone!
Rashley ... sounds incurable. Loved the vid. Congrats on your engagement!
Who the fuck just saved Andrea? Were those walker slaves?
Well there goes my chance of meeting or since they are moving /: San Antonio wont be the same! good luck!<3
had the best day ever. thanks to 5 sick kiddos...it turns out 22 is the magic number of first graders.
...hello world,,beautiful day to sit back, relax, and observe,, too bad im at work......
yea ur absolutely right about that...there are laws about that...you shouldnt be posting about that
but I have a list
I want to go back to Israel...NOW
why would you get it trouble? Lol what does it look like
Peace and Love from the Family
Illinois, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Utah and Wyoming will follow shortly
LMS if every time someone told you ' we need to talk ' you automatically start to think its bad news <3
I'm Emma!
's teeth ... Omg I can't even ..... He's just too beautiful
It's the first time I've been in GB since my son was born. Where do I sign him up for season tix? How late is it open today?
Hello!!! Thanks for following me
hahaha ya. Don't try my shoes on actually.
Everytime i see a truck filled with pigs, i wanna go vegetarian
I just lost my mood ring... Not sure how I feel about this.
I heard the news on the radio this morning! The tickets to get to Empire State building went down in 6 minutes after my post. Best fans <3
I think she is.. haven't really heard about her flaunting her um.. goodies.
CLUCK CLUCK
One last one on this topic...Nina Long is finer than Gabby
Gov. Daniels says feds gave Indiana's unemployment report a dramatic revision: orig. said 27,000 jobs added in 2011, actually 43,000
OMG IM CRYING YOU'RE COMING TO NYC OMG WHERE DO I GET TICKETS?!?
What should I do tomorrow that doesn't involve skipping work?
My son also placed 1st #Discus. Great job and I love you.
mission = be at the bar with a beer in hand by 10.
DO IT! I listen to it ALL THE TIME.
New Installation opens tomorrow at 5 pm! Join us for a free talk by Joel Shapiro and complimentary ale from St. Arnold Brewing Company.
Nice post! Another royal DC resident: Empress Ana María de Iturbide of Mexico, in the 1820s or 1830s.
Happy Friday to you too :)
Haha. Yeah and the look on my brother's kids faces after they ate it was #priceless !
Did you know? The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf just opened & the Wi-Fi is FREE! Belly up & log on!
"disciple searching"? Sounds ambitious
hahaha I know. I realize that the g in my last name is easily overlooked.
i've gotten away from praying everyday but now im back on track!
I'm giving Slacker.com a try for Internet Radio today. So far it's streaming appropriate sound fluff. =)
How does anybody even get up in the morning when it's raining?
Hey Anusha! This is the show Ashwin and Tushar were telling you about! Great skyping yesterday!
About Last Night on Netflix tonight. Chicago in the '80's, nice! Chris Trager before he moves to
The Plague
Thank you Angie. Very good topics and flow tonight. Have a great rest of your week.
What are some of the coolest executions of /experience marketing using technology? Anything beyond RFID tracking?
LMAO that was the best quote of the night
See you at 11pm! RT : Just finished writing a brand new sketch. Hope to read it at Sketch Up or Shut Up tonight!
I wanna live not just survive.
saw it live & did a double take - thx for posting - surprised there's no FCC action, but the time of night makes sense.
haha hello! How are you? :)
I realize we're in Philly, but it's still random to hear a fife and drum corps.
From the best Chandlere wedding photographers to top Chandler wedding locations
“: she got the right fucking one ; * she dont want it thooo ; *”
Awesome #halftime analogy.
what's up stranger
Just met former columnist at the #VoiceMatters book launch. Journalism dreams do come true!
I see myself saying wake up mals.. wake up, c'mon mals wake up.
Getting to visit with Barbara Eden AND Summer Glau?! You're my new hero.
compensate u with hugs, happy vibes, and tweets. :) lol
hahaha, it's okay we all have our obsessions..
Finally we got a first pinnacle cart plugin.....stay tuned we will have it on our website on Sep 16th.
email us at ..it is a possibility but we need more info.thx
I've been so lazy i dont even feel like chillen wit my friends lately
Don't let the past steal your present ~ Cherralea Morgen |
Why do people always swing their arms when they walk?
Im Watch I Got Hook Up Later On Tonight
: Our Art of The Blow Job class is tomorrow night. Do you have your tickets yet? If not, call the store at 206-328-2914”
Oh I love rainy mornings.. Yep staying in bed<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Packing, packing! #SXSWi bound in the morning! Austin, here we come!
I tried smoking coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
I'm watching one my favorite film The Piano. Totally love the soundtrack and storyline. :)
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. Sir Winston Churchill
Well make sure you have enough film and take the camera lens cap off Just Kidding
UH how much do you PAY attention to LEADERSHIP..
great pics thanks for sharing!!
oh, I love grilled hamburgers! Especially if topped with cheddar cheese and grilled onions ;)
We needed that 3!
Ah man. Scared #Brewers walking Bruce! #Reds on a roll.
Agreed. I don't think it should be a requirement either.
Hammer man!
A wealthy person is one who achieves a peaceful state of mind through his money. ~ Rabbi Nilton
This episode of ATHF is funny as shit. I'd smoke right quick to really enjoy it.. but I'm too lazy to get my herb and shit. Lolol.
Lights out at 9:15. Sounds about right.
Happy Birthday :) Good luck at your permit test wehn you take it <3
Hahaha oh boy! Will do :) Thanks for all your suggestions!
im good
at al
okaay you can be one, i will DM you the password in a minute
Went to awesome Happy Hour with Phoenix Screenwriter's group at Majerles Sports Bar.
thanks for making the trip boys we love you!
Boo... no tattoo today. Maybe next check.
I'm at Chris house with big Garrett & already started lol... But I'll see what I can do
Are you referring to my sweet illustration skills?
I am proud to be an Arts Advocate !!
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to making a profile on
Maybe I'll see you out there. ;)
Reading texts half asleep is like looking into the sun.
My trying to lose this Game mane, somebody need to take over, go into BEASTMODE!! Lol
These body urges for s** are killing me right now
Watching "The Corporation" and just ruined Fanta for me
Yikes. They have Tebow Jets jerseys at the Houston airport.
I am a BEAST at #popfly :)
It's Kobe time. The comeback is coming.
-- RG..how can u not believe in zombies when we're going to have a zombie apocalypse???? :)
Listened to Friday's word from That thing right there beat me up so bad!
MOVE BACK BUGS <U+263A>
RT : Many autocrossers decide on class first then look at car options, already thinking of racing.
It's like an adult recess.
i jus mite cry myself to sleep....u say i dnt care but i do.....if i didnt i wouldn't be worrying bout u....>.<
always gonna love the last surreal twitter icon, but the new one's very cool.
Great! You'll have to tell us how/if college prepared you to become an entrepreneur
Couple-a tings: Ain't no Seamus in my Gamus
Seething about Romney and GOP. GOP wants President to have power to torture, wants to give this power to unrepentant bully / predator. Ugh.
can't wait for more music
Q: if there is one strategy a librarian should follow, what wd it be?
After He Broke My Heart My Friends Asked, "How Many Reasons Do u Have To Still Like Him?" I Pointed To The Stars & Said "Start Counting."<U+2665>
Also just for the record, I haven't golfed regularly in about 10 years, since I moved to Ohio!
This debate is as fucked up as the hosts.
my opinion the more people you have working for ya to get your name out the better. Especially when you are new Must be quality tho
You gotta swag like that 2 be Darius' Girl- #remix lol
Come to Lofty Dog and check out our new inventory of Neater Feeders and portable dog potties by PupHead! No, seriously, do it now.
T hanks for RT about startup comic book biz for homeless LGBTQ kids. www.brainpower.me The Superhero Project you inspired
Society About Minerals
Don't concern yourself with things that don't concern you. If it's not your business, don't make it your burden.
Thanks to everyone who came out to rock with us at The Foundry on Saturday night!
call me I got you
new twitter - follow<3
Hello, thanks for the Tweet.
All Star games fill up no matter what. And large markets have 2 teams so those cities get it 2X in a 30 year span.
it's nerve racking! Fingers are crossed! Either way, we have been successful at each Fest we have been at! Grateful for that!
thanks so much for the kind words! Peace and many blessings!
No worse person on the planet than that person who goes over the 15 item limit in the Wegmans line. I hope you choke on those grapes.
Congrats to for scoring MTL's first MLS goal
"I don't know a single Native American east of the Mississippi who doesn't want a birchbark canoe" -Jeff Savage
Happy Monday friends of CASA! Hope you had a great weekend are prepared for a beautiful week!
I am still speechless from those comments!
according to Hayek yes, socialism doesn't compromise.
Figuratively thinkin, she was shootin wit me at the gym...
Yup Now I actually have to pay attention, despite the fact that the notes are all online and my prof doesn't take attendance
Most Minnesotans don't follow the #mnleg. If there is one issue they are following it's the #vikings stadium. Interpret that how you will.
Business at Walmart is going to be slow tomorrow
Its Gonna Be Crazy #BoDiRoCk ThUrSdAyS! Come #RoCkOuT With This #Thursday EVERYONE FREE ALL NIGHT #SeeUThere !!!
Maria Brincker "The Illusion of Domestic Bliss and the Dynamics of Relational Minds," 3/29, 12-2pm CUNY Grad. Center Rm 6112. Free lunch!
weirdest song ever
I'll suite your face
What should I get my wife for her Birthday?
Damn I thought smelled something burning up the building next to mine on fire ain't this a bitch!
it's my favorite. Make your own luck - its why we play the startup lotto! ;-)
Being polite and pleasant doesn't make you weak. It makes you an adult.
what was Sarah and Alexs conversation that you found dirty lol
How many weddings do you have the privilege of celebrating with your friends this summer? :) What joyous moments those are!!
Working with techies for weeks on end is making me go slightly crazy, in a good way.
Did you know that food takes seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach?
You have arrived. You never left.
so excited!!! Congrats!!!
Just signed with Disney to have more music in a trailer!
One meets some very interesting characters in New Orleans. That is all.
Don't get why I try so hard when it aint even real! Just a dream.
I hope you didn't pick the Bulls. OUCH
agreed. Good job pushing for concise answers.
yes hun you're almost there.
If your gonna fight someone. Make sure its just you two. No need for other people to jump in just cuz you cant fight your own battles.
Googling now--thanks. I'm underread when it comes to the current thinking, having left the field ten years ago.
We like to keep it moving RT #Gemini hates walking slow, driving slow or anything slow.
Music: How do you like it, fast or slow?
Starve a Bully Feed you Soul #STANDGRAND . . . Been a while since I heard that :]
Sorry to miss tonight's #nysaisneli chat but excited to begin my first NYSAIS accreditation committee visit.
What do you mean you don't have time? Wanna check out my schedule?
ha start pre-season right about when i am back so we'll make it happen
its good to see an uptick in the market
our visitors in NC are going to love seeing your OH estate & landscape in "A Genius for Place" opening here tonight.
Oh anyone who is so hype about dream chasers 2 just off your self & go listen to some real music .. #imonarollthismorning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Hello Jodi! We hope you had a nice flight! RT : Hello Chi-town! (@ Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) w/ 122 others)
I was picturing an epic dubstep rave but a musical works too.
That's their view- Too many "other"s procreatg; white popltn falling behind- time for white women to make more real Americans
I hate that to which is why I usually block people who I see doing it because it's so annoying
Play cornhole at tonight at 7pm for your chance to win a $50 Cup o' Joe gift certificate!
MY EXACT THOUGHTS.
cbs radio app
hm not cute.
girl I feel ya! I'm still trying to grow mine out.
Wanted to have Mo finish off his career getting the last out of a World Series. I hope this does not end it for him. Just horrible.
And the indignity of having 7 year olds run faster than you. I do believe I will train more before attempting it again. :)
watched #TheVoice last night and saw you gettin your way with the girls, good job bro and goodluck to ya!!
Last full day in Michigan... :) Yay for the sunshine state!!
m, will do. Having a good Indian restaurant that delivers to my house is very dangerous.
“: I think Sporting-indigo-sporting would work but not this” YES!
On the pho wit
Check out in and video
I do and get what I want. Kay? Kay :)
if this was done 3yrs ago we may may , be ready to start work by JAN. 5/ 2012.
Just arrived at for the Spring Fashion Luncheon benefiting Operation Rebound! Great style, food & company!
Glad you were able to escape! ;)
284 Pounds of Fireworks!!
Did you guys know Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle?
haha good job...
Alex Smith to have a Press Conference tomorrow - Most likely to announce that Matt Moore will be the Dolphins QB in '12 -
Join us at Senor Fish right now to watch the 2nd half of the with !
I just won one of the free tickets to see The Creators Project with perfomances by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem.
RT “: Check our FB page for a special contest!”
Just gotta make it through the next 3 days - one of which includes working the bar on NYE - and then Ill be in Scottsdale. Heck Yes.
Wanna dance? It's National Dance a Polka day - no clowning around - ok, some of that too; it's International Clown week...
haha I'm sure he will too
Almost positive that's not possible unless you all plan to only wear bikinis everyday, all day. Good luck! :)
it is hard not to feel like you view the death of someone i cared about as a convenient advertising opportunity.
People like to call me Brian. I don't know why.
K walls half clean windows check weekend cleaning love it break time for lunch :p
Heading to the gym, starting the day off right.
LOL, Kimberly... I have a guitar, but don't have the slightest idea of how to play... wish I knew how.
Testing Alternion to manage social media account. Pretty promising so far.
Love it. Beautiful ring, beautiful day for you and The Boy. congratulations!
I am very private about stuff like that too I dont blame you...you have plenty of stuff to keep you busy plenty of fish...be picky
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
Lol. Follow back please?
Btw..you're really cute. Haha :)
Happy Independence Day!
#uCantBeToughAndSay "Aye I hear you good with them soft lips bruh"
You learn a lot about geography when u have 2children on 2different continents doing missions work &you hear there's been an earthquake.
I'm so glad 2 hear! Such awesome news! So happy 4 u!
I never really cared until I met you.
RT : Wow, honored to be included! Thank you,
got some good news - some great potential... lets hope it works out :)
Thank you for the RT! YOU ROCK!!!! XO J
It pains me to admit how much I loved that doritos taco from taco bell
Hot guys are headcases.
I swear u and Eboni gotta be 2 of thee hungriest women I kno *bites 6" from subway & looks at the 2nd one in purse*
in my pool
He doesn't have a Texas accent yet ... he's still a brit.
wow JOsh Hamilton
Need a full body massage like now ASAP any takers
If you like chill #music 4 a summer soundtrack, check out BR!NK's interview with up-and-comer Trevor Hall. bit.ly/mXU52d
i love when my dude let me take his socks off and soak dem toes with this wet mouth
save some for me? :)
Listening to My Wish, missing and Laura!
where is my ticket?
Totally forgot to tweet about this, but Going to NCFL Grand Nationals in Policy!! Woooooh! -Sorry followers who care
. My friend did one better: she contacted the awards organization that hosted the awards competition.
are you listenin? this and EVERY saturday from 1-4 am on Power 98.3 Where Hip-Hop Lives.....
Nice! (Wonder when "nice" reached its height of popularity?) '97?
don't you worry your pretty little mind, because people throw rocks at things that shine.
Attending the Bands for Boobies event, part of the Komen/Race for the Cure weekend. Good bands, food, & charity!
Ivan Dochenko on Eastbound & Down, Gennady (crazy Russian) from movie Limitless = most accurate portrayals of Russians by non-Russian actors
I'm actually working, so I probably won't make it. I'm just really hoping a Darren Kramer bobble gloves ends up at KREM.
Good luck RT : My One & Only Exam In A Few Minutes
AH! :D hhaa. iForgot how it goo thoo! D:
it was totally clear 30 mins ago Now all clouded up. I swear if I miss the supermoon i'm gonna get all on someone
Sittin in the airport lookin at a fat man in a sleeveless buttondown half shirt. Wtf?!
Never doin dat shit again not fixna dis me on my day got me bent. How df u can't give directions to whea u stay. Shit heavy ima map quest
Great site makeover-just in time for the show. I'm sure the server is going crazy right now!
#Peoplelikeus find the funny in every situation
You can either run with it or forget it..
Idk how manages to keep our phone bank buzzing & build up our GOTV force while finishing her Masters in IR from USD.
RT : Tons of powerful design here! Q3: What current #design trends are exciting and inspiring to you?
haha that's always a fun time ;) study? boo!! lol just relaxing today and working on my new company that I just started!
Shouldn't you being worrying more about helping this country than Tweeting Romeny bashing Tweets...
gives good examples of ROI for #socialmedia at San Diego Social Media Symposium
Wow people have gotten way too sensitive. If you cry over twitter -- how do you survive the real world? #seriously?
I know I can't be the only one that wants to rip the Heat's PA announcer's voice box out, right?
always ahead of the trends...
"What's it called? Never heard of it" - -Stop using this excuse
Hanging out at the carillon for
MERRY CHRISTMAS MADISON<333333!!!!can u please follow me it would be the BEST christmas persent eves!!!!<3
#FF She knows everything that's going on in Westchester!
Lifes simple pleasures!
Just caught up on #Awake on my DVR -- I love, Love, LOVE this show. Can't wait until tomorrow night!
Nervous but excited about our thesis readings tonight...but how are they here already? This program is QUICK!
yup!, great deal of appeal to our gen. Btw, ill have u know that my NewYrsRes is to see at #mardigras again this year
S/o to my boy for being to tall, and being one of the best friends ice had in my time in Virginia
Fun fact: we have a countdown timer for The Dark Knight Rises on the TVs in the office. No joke.
you are welcome!
Love to Zumba with you ! :)
if I had some designs, I could crush it in no time ;)
any partys in richmond tonight?
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER!
Why is your ringtone "This is why I'm hot" ... Wtf?
Skylar :) how about yourself??
Clearly the amount of fucks I give is relative to the amount of hours I sleep.
yes. they had a huge closing sale back in Feb.
Keep your distance until you know how to handle it in the right manner
Weird dreams...
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence” ~Vince Lombardi
i no i do too lol
That is so true at my school wheneva a gurl get broken up wit she crys nd then gets aa notha dude the next day <3 lolz so dumb
thank u!
GOOD MORNING.
hilarious!!! Secretly looking forward to reading more. Write on! Please :)
Glad you enjoyed it! Always good to meet new friends
I always pay attention to everyone's tweets and never sleep.
yep been to Europe twice and Bahamas and Mexico..and you?
All clothings from American Apparel We can relabel at a low price
ARE YOU READY? www.worldchampionfans.com
He needs to catch the damn ball, then he can run his mouth all he wants.
k watever u say
#NSMN panel: TV networks have no contingency plans for no #NFL games in the Fall?
Bielema to media, "have to limit the distractions this year." Good luck with that one.
Check out the only "Thermogenic Fat Burning Coffee" in the World! Google it, and get back to me.
I'll now never be able to listen to Revolver without thinking of Don Draper.
Novak went to Marquette with and a back to back jumpers
It's christmas time there's no need to be afraid!!
“: My perfect date would be April 25- it's not too hot, not too cold. All you need is a light jacket!”
trying to make twitter work for me. ack!
happy new year to you too!
hey guys working on a new song called "Noboby's home"
wants some beerz
why does my twitter get hacked everyday -____-
How are all my sexy tweeps doin tonight???
Thanks for the laugh! #Hoodtastic :-)
...hanging from all of the light posts.
Wow, that's AMAZING! Let me pass this on to my faculty. Perhaps we can have ALL Neumann students go through this site.
We are having a Reno Collective Townhall meeting today at 4:30pm. We'd love to see you there but we'll also post minutes.
Who's on one :D
"cool points are out the window and i'm all twisted up in the game"
Every damn day. Ugh.
Tell us, how has your experience been with Marukan? We'd love to hear your feedback!
Hookup 1 complete. Off to the next one.
#BadTeacher was hilarious but definitely not a kids
Thanks Gail! So many ways to avoid those copyright problems with good policy!
Someone take me out drinking tonight please. I might put out.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody
: Surprise studio session with and with beats provided by
RT JUST ANNOUNCED: NYC residency w/ Special guests
R U KIDDING ME?!? its Demi Lovato's new song, its called skyscraper and its AMAZING seriously, look it up on Youtube
Grrrrr why are people so STUPID?
great to hear...thanks!
Follow My Home Girl She New To Twitter
Can I get a halleujah? ((( Holy Spirit Hugs)) God bless you!
Holy Saved by the Bell! That WAS Mr. Belding.
Cool. Let's invite all the Twitter fam in Cali & have a partay!
aww that's ok.(:Glad to know you are well too!I've actually got to go now,but hopefully we can chat or talk again soon!Bye4now
LOL, yep, I finally got around to taking a picture of my new haircut.
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
Happy Birthday ! <3 :D
SDCHC is 1 of 2 organizations in San Diego with Chase Community Giving! We need your support in Round2 May 19th-May25th. #call2actionSD!
DAMN SURE FALLOWING THE BEAUTIES
I am excited for your future and will support you as a fan!
hey , tweeted about you... you know you're fangirling on the inside.
Did you enjoy your week in Miami?
“ If you're looking for advice #Gemini will help you, they're good at giving advice and they enjoy doing it”
Howdy Welcome back to twitter and I'm guessing you're going to be Murph or Connor on Halloween...
#reggae in the office is just plain torture! Makes me want to be on an island with a drink!
In honor of Super Tuesday, TELL US YOUR VOTE for your favorite play or musical!
Need sounds for your #app or #game ? #appdev #gamedev #sounddesign I want to help.
Climbing up and down the Metro escaltor almost always makes me feel like a mindless drone.
You know what's GREAT, hearing from a friend you haven't heard from in awhile.
I am Target shorts, I am a cleverly worded knitting T-shirt, I am sandals, I am craft-show earrings
I just blocked him. He just beyond annoying.
Why are you guys talking about clarinets <--- ? Maybe(;
done! More ham added
Text husband "Happy V-Day I just registered us for R.A.I.N. & Hilly 100" I expect 2 come up missing this evening & husband 2 b main suspect
like made a twitter !!
Today I entertained another angel, and this time I knew it was an Angel!
Ready for my Anti ACL gig!!! ATX here I come!!!
!! Yes! <3 them even more b/c Swish sent good wishes 2 my dad who passed away a couple of wks ago. Made my dad's eyes light up!
Oh well!!
New photos just up from Cabana Bar Event!
Symposium speakers tout benefits of Iowa caucuses
go listen to our christmas songs. drink a little eggnog for fawck sake! WWW.PUREVOLUME.COM/SWINGTHECOAST
Congrats to for having the tenacity to go big.
Please follow =====> I'll follow back!
thank you for the shout out!
Your phone wont ring all day, no calls from me anyway.....whats next to say?
#WorstRapLineEver anything ever said by "weezy" the only "weezy" i know is the squeaky penguin from toy story.
it was meant as a joke mate. can't tell if people are joking or not on the web lol
When your phone* falls on your face while you're laying and texting in bed <<
I got word that #instagram is now on droid :-) I don't know if ill join but we shall see
tht awkward moment when u cant find ur cell and u think the person sitting next 2 u took it then u realize tht it was next 2 u all the time
I just tried calling him! It doesn't work!
Wow now there is getto tours. people can take a tour in the getto u think that is a good idea
FHA financing allow 3.5% down payment- and the down payment can be from a qualified gift
back writing a little jive on the KC, check it out... aint shit changed
Love and respect each other out there,doesn't matter if the world is watching or not-it's just the right thing to do. Be Punk-- Care!
San José State & Utah State have officially accepted invitations to join the Mountain West Conference
sweet! Predictions for football Bucky MT?
thanks to for supporting us at columbus east!!
Almost Everything Is Coming Up Roses - LA Downtown News Online
you're to cool for me :p
thanks for the RTs. I replied to your comment.
AH this is crazy!!!!!! but exciting!
“In times of great stress or adversity, it’s always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive
Hey guys :3. Just passing by to show some love (myspace status, lol). Stay Mindless. -Arlene <U+2665>.
i did but i tried to videotape but the guy ws like no no...
“:It is common knowledge now that the GOP has plotted to defeat Obama since his Inauguration Just start there and look forward.”
Christianity is not about being perfect.It's the opposite of that.It's realizing that we all sin which is why God sent his Son.
I just figured you were a fan of Michael Jordan haha.
Almost hit by a driver who didn't see me in the crosswalk. Discovered that my last words are likely to be "Whoa! Hey! Hey! Hey!"
If I show up to class tomorrow, and we do something I've already learned, I WILL NEVER FORGIVE MYSELF FOR NOT SEEING ED SHEERAN AGAIN!
College = the Hero's Journey. There are a lot of similarities!
oh yeah lol
Hey A, in your travels of the web, have you come across an ilustrator--one who could draw a kids book?
Need some help? www.TopTierLegalGroup.com - The only trusted resource for attorneys you can trust!
S/o I aint seen u on my tl in a min
Gen. Stanley McChrystal is being used as a distraction for Obama's oil spill...everyone knows Obama is a lame POTUS
I take that last tweet back. The "Interaction designer with dev skills and a law degree" is the winner of today's batch of job listings
Ooh, congrats! That is super exciting!
As time goes by, things change..
sleeping is good for you : )
I am so giggly tonight! I miss Lan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Its 5 weekends in June. We will probably only play on 3 of them and use the extra practice time 2 get ready 4 the July recruiting period.
Watching "Attack of the Show!" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just got finish eating cearl
Anyone know of any part time first shift jobs??
Hoodie Allen
I knew you would! LOL
Face your fears and doubts, and new worlds will open to you.
When people get passed their addictions they will become creative and build pyramids again. I love you people of color!
That is so true. Thank you for sharing.
life when gets out I do want to hear him do a song T.I. but thats up to those two would love to hear that
Getting ready to attend #legalchat hosted by 11 am for those who want to join
Hopefully my package didn't come yet (Fingers Crossed)
I read y'all statuses and I know why some of yall single ..ijs -- Lol..
Delayed in Detroit. There's a movie in this somewhere....
The Advance Course is happening today at the Covention Center. Thepeople addending are really getting something great for themselves
In prosperity it is very easy to find a friend; in adversity, nothing is so difficult. Epictetus
You are welcome fine sir.
Prv 14:20 The poor is hated even of his own neighbour: but the rich hath many friends.
what's up for friday night? Maybe we can chill after I hit the gym?
Congrats to Teyana Taylor. Happy for her. Well deserved
Not exactly. They are not engaging in mass genocide as policy. Please.
Some things should just be easier by now... "I am who I am who am I requesting some enlightenment"
Say "meow" instead of "now" to all your waiters and waitresses HAHA. Best night of my life
Yes, and... Who gave all these kids car keys?!?
I want I want I want to be loved by you.<3 (:
I've done pretty much nothing all day but read "It Happened To Me" stories. Thanks!
Job searching is officially the most horrible thing ever. Well, of the things that don't kill or maim you.
Really enjoying the #j475 Capstone Advertising presentations. Great work, all around - you guys are awesome!
it is good. Haven't seen the movie yet.
I scared Shelby away, oh :(
Thank you!
One of my favorite quotes from last nights online acting class " I love having the chance to be on here." Jeff Osborne Hollywood
Disco lives on “: Rest In Peace Donna Summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>”
On this Day in '73 the Vietnam war ended
We are looking for a new apprentice to train in CAD/BIM and or engineering. Contact us if you know anyone who may be interested.
's new album is pretty good. A bit of Prince influence. Some Queen. Even a touch of dubstep beats. Lots of top 10 singles.
Not only is great at what he does, but he also seems like such a good, down to earth, family-oriented guy
Long, long day with 6+ hours in the car and a 90 minute presentation. A very enjoyable day, nonetheless. Great conversations w/ many people!
Thanks! will u share it with ur friends? It's on spotify and amazon mp3!
I grew up listening to him broadcasting the Blazer games. Snapper is a legend in my book.
I want my guitar already!
wake me up when bamboozle ends
Merry Christmas hope y'all had a good one I did lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
Sounds like no Boyle and Dubes today
Got a pic too! You're ready to go anywhere you go.
“Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.” ~ Ryunosuke Satoro Happy birthday !
Ppl should call me jeezy or gotti cuz i speak the truth
Blessed Thursday to you too Linda. Thanks for brightening mine! :)
- Our friends at www.fakediamondsclothing.com just dropped their Spring line. Buy them all!!!!!!
takeaway for me is subordinating standards & measures, and placing creativity, design, discovery at top of learning agenda
aye appreciate the shout out
or maybe so the fat will go to your ass and it get bigger;]
Hopefully Ill see all my followers @ Bert Weiss of Q100's The Bert Show event at 7pm THURS @ Aurum Lounge, 8th and Peachtree
SNDY looks good
15 miles down, 985 to go to reach my goal for the year.
homemade thai spring rolls for dinner...i could seriously drink peanut sauce.
Thank you everyone for helping me get closer and closer to reaching my goal! Spread the word, I'm gonna turn this mutha out!
What if we like kidnapped him? Lol
Looking forward to Night with Cougar Football Portland and having a beer(s) with
You're welcome! It was great chatting with you. We'll have to make another trip to Lotta Frutta soon!
Submitted a bug report/gave feedback to and got a response from the founder in about 2 minutes. Wewt.
Can't wait tell tomorrow ,imma have fun
watching students take a test. when they complain they wanted to write MORE but had no time), that's a good sign.
Wednesday -4/13/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!
#AGirlDeserves a guy who CARES !
Why am I at a loss of things to do when I don't have an open gym to go to.. FML
Who is down to go to the Beach on Monday?
<---The Realist & an Inspiration. You Gold fam!
I bet I'm not... & I don't always go fast!
I'm not familiar with the book.
What the heck is Robotronia? Guess we’ll find out at tonight, 7 p.m. at Hobson Gallery.
I'm in love with Justine Lupe
you know i can't do that...bouncing off the walls...it's all good now, it took about an hour!
live your photo
Im asked to find Lindsay Wells missing 5 cadaver dogs hit & Simi PD won't dig need help
Getting excited about this weekend. Packing kleenex for no doubt is gonna make us all cry from inspiration again :)
CANNOT WIN TODAY.
Just tapped, Kolsh Ale (replaces Tandum Double Ale)
thank you sis. I love you
until what? Your lime flavored send off? :-)
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 59
omg, I'm dead ! hahahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Your so fake you make barbie look real.
are you gonna be in math?
seriously...I woke up thinking it was Thurs...depressed now lol
Accident: Hydraulic near Georgetown - south lanes of Hydraulic closed
I been in this game for years. It made me an animal.
On my way back to NY. Le sigh
tyler ; didnt you go to smcs (st.monica) ;D
Jimmys letter was awesome. well written, smart, and right on the money....rock on Blake!
RT : Cant let my attitude take over my day
would you ever consider doing a duet with ? :)
thank you
Im the shit
over here hating cause the Texans better than them weak ass Redskins.
"camel clothes on the Internet" ..... Hahahah
#MattCavanuaghSays Ross Perot was the best president the United States ever had
Oh hey ! Does the follow mean we can play with you when you come back to Minneapolis?! :) Can't wait to hear new tunes! -T
Forget u tell ur brother i said he is Freakin ugly
To not give a phuck >
S/O SHE A SEXY CHOCOLATE THICK ASS FEMALE AND SHE BE KILLIN SHIT ON THE SHOW NO LIE
Exactly! Thank you.
Main-ly Movies presents: Johnny English Reborn on March 10th at 2:30pm at the Main Library Colfax Auditorium.
Color consultant Jean Molesworth Kee answers your questions about paint colors - Charlotte Observer
Merry Christmas n.n!!
We don't have a PCP shortage if we reduce unnecessary office visits. Tech can help. So can patients. Let them
#AAS3rdCentury to this side convo about jrnls: peer review lag time, opaque review processes not necessarily solved by digital process.
How my hair looks at the beginning of the day > how it looks at the end of the day!
I agree with you 100 percent on the getaway. Will one day get back to Canada!
The sky isn't always blue.The sun doesn't always shine.So its okay to fall apart sometimes,but always remember 2get up again.
Rangers vs Caps, go Caps!
please tell me you aren't going to court dressed like that #HueyLearnsToDrive would become
Dale see u there!
Well looks like i'm on my way to somethg bigger & better...... College Booh
rush limbaugh's gonna have to lay off the twinkies to look good in his ss uniform, unless he's just slumming in a white sheet these days.
You located in NC right?
I think you have a typo in that last tweet, should be "Cate" not "Care"
Dude, you totally screwed my 21st birthday!
Finishing these capias wit my baby ! :*
heaven must be like birthday cake ice cream from kopps
Hope I can get a way with my shoes tomorrow
Wow...didnt see that one...thats crazy!! Crazy world we're living in these days!!
she missed the disaster by about 3 months and never said a word.
Mister Fister. Tigers on Big Fox.
Thank you for the RT.
Hey , what'd you think of the first ever ??
Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking together in the same direction. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
hello all nighter
great video, thanks for sharing!
My auntie taught me always treat me ladies right. My uncle told me only love them for the night.
It's an afternoon coffee kind of day ...
aw pchan :) i love her
Henry Commager~ If our democracy is to flourish it must have criticism if our government is to function it must have dissent.
Just a little silliness :)
Solid week of hustling ahead. No better way to kick it off than by draining some deep 3's.
I like to think that FedEx driver was working on his skills for Family Double Dare and he thought Its the only way to keep family together
"PABLO... Are you washing your ass?... Keeping yourself clean?, honey? Pablo?... Pablo?"
Hello Twitter! It's been a while! Let's get back in the swing of things, ay?
I feel bad for your fans. Your supporters deserve better.
I keep taking my writing notebook to work, hoping to get something done here and there...never happens.
Leaving for #Vancouver bright and early and still havent started laundry.
Where are my tracks for ?! Lol!!! In case you were wondering, I'm here to make your life more difficult. Haha
#FF Please follow !!
Montana Ellis over Russell Westbrook any day ALL DAY
whats the difference between pizza and jews? pizza doesnt scream when put into the oven.
Can you hump, leap, and exercise at the same time? Spend your extra hump day at Le Club and find out!
Also - what would elegiac whateverness look like? How does whateverness mourn, even as it thinks forward?
What is the most 3P1C thing in your life -- The people I follow x3
Social media uses your most expensive resource - time. Once you engage, you can't stop
Soul fumble recovered by Preds DL Terrence Carter. First down Predators!
seems to be trying to take over the world...and succeeding.
Thank you to all of our Veterans!
Almost time for deliciousness with and
it's the shit dreams are made of.
Hey Twitter" feeling GREAT :) ready to conquer the world so if your not with me get out of my way!! <U+2665> NAMASTE <U+2665>
I bet u just googled that
I'm thinking about trying to put together a course that's sort of an into-to-R for undergrads-- have your undergrads done much R?
I dnt no wat to rite for this essay
After getting properly suntan-lotioned, of course.
I'm so broke right now , hopefully I can last to next week...
yes I know ! But tell mama t I said happy mothers day <3
#Obama Raises $25.7 Million, 43% From Small Donors
so sweet! thank you!
I want to make a pyramid of my money, slide down it & tell my family you'll never have to worry about money again.
I'm stoked on that. Good times await.
i hate all the mixed emotions you always send me.. </3
Haha, yes! In this case it's very true!
Remote testing gets even better when you wake up in the morning to find completed test submissions from across the world :)
wouldn't you agree that the bald hoedown is the best one of all time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw a positive outcome can be resumption of the healthy marriage.
I'm so glad she is back. <3
Georgia State add transfer QB - Fox News
dam its cold.
It could be possible that i'm the first person awake on Park Ave this morning.
250k meals have arrived in #Kenya. Hundreds of orphans will eat for a year and a half. Pretty stoked.
CUTE KITTY PICTURES!
Can i follow myself?
It's currently Heavy Thunderstorm so no topless driving for me
Oh boy! Here we go!
Hope all you moms and milfs had a great mothers day!
I love Himm..... but he doesn't want to think about if he loves me:) there is still a chance:) #hopeandstrength:)
#Ibiza Saturday 18+ FREE till 11! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Monday's not a good day, got a jam packed schedule, Tuesday afternoon?
Did you know that October is National Pizza Month?! It has been since 1987 - start celebrating with 56% off at Meglio's! goo.gl/4kHW
beautiful!! So glad you like it! Interior looks amazing too!
I defy the universe to disrupt this pork chop I'm eating for lunch on my birthday. Universe, you are hereby defied.
This is real (via ) Hellen Keller sunglasses are REAL in China. Not sure what to think about that.
dope shit man
thanks for the RT!! have a great Wednesday!
Madison trivia protips: Teams get smarter with 6 people. Teams also do better with 6 PBRs per person. Trust me, I'm like a doctor.
Good morning, Ms. Jasmine. I do hope to throw down on this Thursday. *eyes darkening*
Im so hungry !
It's officially #MetGala time, the are logged on and sorting the good, the bad and the WTF.
Welcome to my world...
Thanks! I hope you're doing well. Also, I'm mesmerized by your background...
#lt totally called jones, he could very well be a perfect fit for our team. Huge move!
Took things way too far this time
Thanks for the review, glad you liked the book.
Show tonight in Bellingham, tomorrow in Seattle.
thanks for the support ! I love your name, it "flows" nicely.. I might use it in a song sometime haha
- he's obviously kidding! But we will take the plug!! :-$ haha
where are you now?
I'm sorry boo
Nikita :) Whatcha doing? Aren't you suppose to be sleeping right now?
yeah so those RT's about her. Please delete them(: Thats all were asking<3
ooh, i feel like a moron right now. i thought that when the jobros were talking about danielle, they actually meant a dude named danny. xD
very true!! I just don't want to spend all my time at my place of work!
RT : Rinse. Lather. Repeat.
hello niall! how are you!? :)
Alright, Cheeseheads! It's Friday and time to embrace the heritage! See you at Legends @ 9:30pm!
Yup...just getting started (had an account for years, but just watched from sidelines)
Damn realization
Hamms special light
Totally just facebook creeped on a hot guy in my english class -___-
Metro Center! Get ready for the most interesting Ficelles in DC, stay hungry my friends!
except it would be 640 million dollars
In '95, the FCC took a chance on a mediocre 3rd year law student from San Francisco. That job led me to Virginia which has given me so much.
Also, Friday the 13th.
Watched the original "Nutty Professor" last night starring Jerry Lewis. Interesting message. Not subtle in the slightest.
#IDoNotUnderstand why let's me eat Deluxe Grahams Cookies! That are obviously not good for me.
Working the 500 track today its super slow!
Maggie Gallagher's next gig: playing the very lovely and devoted Annie Wilkes in “Misery: The Musical.” (no homo)
Cotto's Ecko shorts are why none of the judges had him winning the fight
Awww yeah!! Love that you love
nice..carl sagan and machinefabriek and !
..tonight at 8pm: WE ARE STAR CHILDREN! I mean, we ARE star children, but also THEY are.. and they'll be here performing! delightful.
They gonna love me for my ambition.
Happy Burns Day to all my Scottish friends. Lang may yer lum reek!
Great to meet you last night ! Thank you for the great info on
Every time I walk across the street at a light I always feel like I'm on display for the cars lol
remember ed hardy apparel?
I'd totally buy it!
Mobs, Monks and the Problems of Political-Buddhism | TBC LONDON
Courtney mean tho..
I won't tell ;)
dang, sorry homegirl... You'll just have to come over and I'll make you some sometime!
we stopped at Princeton's own HOUSE of CUPCAKES.... YUM on the lime and orange cupcakes....!
Let myself catch up on sleep last night, so I didn't set an alarm. Wake up at 2.30 PM.
Tell me you feel the same, that's all I'm dying to hear.
Can't sleep!
If my mom repeats that same song again im choking her
Kathleen H1N1 You Need to Get a Shot OBAMA ADMIN Sibelius "No worse than a Cold" Get your mercury shot? 1 billion of ya!
We have the BEST followers ever. All of them are cute and kind. We are thankful. #TVDFamily is great.
Getting ready for Riverside Arts Market grand opening on March 6 in Jacksonville, FL. Stop by if you are in the area. It a fun time!!
I know you were, just like I know you would if I told you I have a Lindros, Mess, Richter and Jags Ranger jerseys haha
At a convention...the clown actually made a bycicle.
how did the 3t game go
RT : Sound editors are the best stand up comedians. Hands down.
thats cause youre a pisces. we feed off of love. we live for it
RT Nothing lasts forever. Forever is a lie. All that we have is what's between hello and goodbye.
OH OH OH! Please share! My world is blurry right now!
Ive got my headphones on some real music while I run through the snow falling. It's amazing.
I have lunch with Tim not nick
Lowkey thinking I might wanna move bck to the bay... Not anytime this yr of course
The word "confession" scares the ever lovin' mess out of me.
got it thinking it was about the tweet... It was not.
battered abd bruised by Austin<U+2665>
Word. thanks for listening!
I am:) heyy I know! how are youu?x
I'm not a follower, I'm a leader! ...Unless it's into a dark and scary place, then fuck that, yo ass go first!
Just realized title page of one script has wrong email address. Sigh. At least it hasn't gone out to many people yet.
Thank you of the fantastic Philly art space !
sounds like it
Given the choice between flying or walking there, I would break my own leg first, just to make the decision close.
: GOODMORNING!(: did you sleep good(:<3
Advertising friends: "Contest" is not a concept
my cds came
Share this post on Facebook today to be entered to win the $25 gift card to CRAVE Restaurant!
He's getting old!
Emergency CFP: If you're going to the Caribbean Studies Association in a few weeks and you have a DH paper ready to go. Let me know ASAP.
Q/ for Richard Pyle: R U familiar about the Darwin Core? A/ Yes, but we are proceeding cautiously, we need DOIs for article level!
Why do so many people hate on iPhones
Was at #firststepstosuccess with was there taking notes :) Learned a lot. What did you do this weekend?
Daily GTKY question: Single, living in sin or married?
hey, give me a call today.
ur so lucky!(: about 30mil+ beliebers would die to be in ur place(; You are blessed&i hope u recognize that(:
#LegendOfKorra, I love you. You're familiar yet so different, it's quite brilliant.
Verify trust, don't be a victim. htty://www.cyberagentx.com
We will never tire of cursing the Apple Magic Mouse. ::shakes fist:: ::eats batteries::
I am newly converted, but a huge fan. What's your favorite so far?
I Fuckz with he went hard on that dreams money can buy.....
congrats to Juanita Girardin for her booth excellence award at ACC! Clean, crisp, tailored is always in style--not to mention her fiber art.
I thought I heard geese, but it's our neighbor exploring our backyard with his metal detector. I'm surprised I didn't guess that.
you at that other job?
Good to know! If Earth Day is International shouldn't mums & dads get Intrtl props too? Just thinkin' now!
Signed for my house today. Officially living in North Carolina! Moving in tomorrow :)
whats needed is for everybody across the us to make a statement like they are doing with the hoodie
you're a dfferent breed then cause most girls try and take advantage
Love Baseball Season!! Especially watching the little guys! :)
To clarify-- peer review day in Holmes, not workshop
Is Austin taking calls at the station?
#Schoolmemories wearing no-laced velcro shoes .. your a big boy now.. time for a shine.
Oh Youhna! I love this song so much!
Train to Vienna! Va... Although, my dad is also in Vienna... Austria... Erg.
Opportunity for Developers....Apps for Xbox | Gadget Lab | Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010…
unfortunately we wont be at that one! If you want to still check us out we have music on Facebook tell us what you think :)
Ready to Forum? We are!
Put kitty out on balcony, she promptly stuck her head between the bars of the railing. Back to her sequestration in the bathroom.
Life is short! Make the most of it today.
Love that my mom is finally off work on a Saturday =]
I didnt do anything wrong..so why be mad? ugh this is what i was afraid of..
if u hate facebook RT me.:)
Happy Hour on a Tuesday? Sure, why not! Swing in for 2-for-1’s on anything, and stay for $3 calls & cheap taps.
#happybirthdayjboogz its only 9:00 here trend it guise
rollin' on number 3 - watch out !!
is in meetings in Springfield. Is there anything more fun than meetings in Springfield?
UNFOLLOW THIS PAGE NOW And Follow
you little nibblehead
When the #wealthy pay their #FairShare: I call that #Shared Participation
Is it me, doesn't it appear that all the protestors at fit the same demographic? Maybe they should hand out hacky sacks 2 all.
Smoking pot
Finally! The Gingerbread update for my Captavate! Woohooo! Without bricking my phone!
just run to waverly from UofM and we will run to millington!
nice. I will get "me time" later went they go to sleep. Enjoy ur yoga ;)
Drainage. It's super disgusting.
#marketingsherpa Dr. Flint M made a great analogy between dating and marketing - you need right order of yeses to get to alter.
Headed home from work I got a Skype date with my love ;)
Keynote 1st Asian American reporter to win pulitzer prize, best selling author: half the sky, journalist, telling her story
Do you have agood accident story? We would like to give away free promotions to those with the funniest story!
Who's a wake ?
What's love got to do with it?
And SCENE.
Man, this in Towson Town Center really scrimps you on the meat on the sandwich. Shoulda ordered double meat.
that movie is way underrated.
thanks so much for the follow! Hope you're having a great weekend!
A3 Always remember you are your brand 27x7 as a small biz owner. Embrace it!
Any cute glove stories out there to share?
Being in pain sucks
It was our pleasure to share a great article with our followers!
cool how you're due for a phone upgrade only to find out your sister stole it and you're fucked until 2013....
Just met and saw his AWESOME comic, Pang. Gonna buy that when I get home. My bag is too small.
Thank 4 the<3, talk soon!busy week!
now that's WEIRD.
Nice. I'm thinking of a certain Meissonier that would make a charming, horse-filled backdrop...
It's an kind of day!
Confidence!!, A stain they can't wipe off...
If Democrats win the House, will Boehner drop his 1:1 spending cut to debt ceiling increase demand?
we have firknis yes we do we have firkins how bout u?
o_O lol when did u get a twitter? Lmao
isiah is a terrible decision. I hope he never becomes a head coach.
Lots of excitement today at my alma mater as they host the Dalai Lama!
Great nite in the mil..just getting in ;) time to get sum sleep ...sweet dreams all...
no ones even on
put some clothes on in your pic...
": Does anyone else notice how Phineas & Ferb's mom buys groceries almost everyday" Yea she does
Wow that looked scary!
I'm following you, now
I need a good project management system
"Theatre is like a religion and I don't apologize for wanting to be a part of that."
I need a dork to be with(: my boyfriend is that dork(:
Hey Mr - hear you're going to be a guest on the show soon! Don't forget to keep it classy out there! San Diego will you soon!
RT : Happy Friday the 13th. Go see CABIN IN THE WOODS & DETENTION - terrific, clever, funny and bloody.
that sounds amazing!
Just when I thought I had finally rescued my desk from a sea of paperwork, more arrived. Damn.
I'm a thousand miles away, but girl tonight you look so pretty.
Last night: interview; tonight, - hard-working parents and hard-working authors! Soon in
loved it all!
3-A-B: RIDING ON THE EDGE; LIFE AFTER HATE; QUAD MURDER; ARDELEAN CASE; FREED TO KILL; FINAL TIMBERWOLVES; MEDAL OF HONOR
Gonna be a productive day. Make every day productive...
I'll be on tonight, talking about juvenile hall. I'm not going to watch myself, but you should. Let me know how I did.
work! My Valentines not here! :( would you be mine?
I sneakily found it...go to the midwinter scheduler and take out the "mw"
Yes. Wildly different.
is keeping us hopping today. Thanks, y'all!
Out & about tonight in #Seattle? If you spot our poster, we'd love it if you'd tell us where you spotted it!
are you high!? Chris pauls too good
thanks again Michael! Hope you have a good day.
Now all of a sudden multiple job offers and participation invitations! Whatever happened to the balance of the world?!
Majorly snowed in here in Chicago, and it's still coming down...
Get it
Possibly makes it lamer.
haha wow at least he quiet for a tinny bit mine neverr shuts up lol;) how old is ur bro?
does it come out tomorrow?
Good Morning Everyone! It's overcast here in Melbourne, but great light to shoot in!
Off my TL w/ the weak ass quotes/jokes!
Getting in a workout that is long overdue.
Open Adventure 2 Day | Total XC Racing
have I told you, I like your #avi. <U+E105> que guapo
what are you talking about? don't spam me man
RT : The MRI on revealed a strained abdominal muscle. He is out indefinitely.
Great the pic from last week! It looks like was giving you the look of love! :-)
Camino was off the hook today! killed it!
Thanks for RT :)
Time goin by so slloooowww been here since. 9 a.m. and i still got 7hours b4 im off lol
yep, had to look that one up. sounds like a great book!
"Everything you see I owe to pasta." - Sophia Loren
Looking for a guest blogger to write a funny/compelling/interesting post focused on cats. Any suggestions? Would include link to their site.
In #et11 mode; the design track is going to rule this year. my session focuses on ux/ui design, with supporting split test examples.
Haha, me too. When I got my license I remember filling up for $.88 / gallon.
that's wassup thou ;
I make earrings, hats, headbands, and more by hand! I love my hobby :) I just edited all my listings so now I have new low prices :) :)
more like Round 876...... Lets do this... where the party at tonight
I'm liveblogging the Blazer game tonight for the More Ray Felton fat jokes & we'll unveil the NBA's most exclusive club
That machine kills fascists.
Lovely photograph! Congrats
Crying because after almost 2 years I get to see this summer at SILYMI tour :')
Its so true when u go through something And God is the only 1 u count on Thank u Jesus
Jimmy Howard's save percentage at the Worlds is nearing Bryz status... Really thought it would be better. One goal on 4 shots so far today.
Bull been out of the hospital. We're here just to check on his progress. 5 hrs after his surgery, they already had him walking.
stopped snarky @ before sent
Yo if I see another "Free my nigga Brian" tweet I'm going off. He hit a fucken female. His ass deserves to be in there. Smh.
Looking forward to playing with Crooked Culture tonight at Blue Nile Upstairs, free show 21+
I spent the most stressful 11 months of my life living there. Going back makes me relive it, the good & bad
I lol when people try to tan.
Playing the hardest rap song you can find in the jukebox to get all the old weirdos outta the bar- priceless
Falling out of LOVE <<<<<<
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0489
According to their Realtor, the property at 6565 Coffman Road will be cleaned up soon. Drove by there yesterday and it does look better.
At the country bar with the bff drinking 50 cent beer.
I'm in. Let me know if there is a theme other than #slsa12 's "nonhuman"
Game testers wanted by these titans in the gaming industry only have to worry about time
get the fuck out of my face i am SIR ALEX!!
OMG #JustinBieber is at the protest right now and the police are going to arrest him! LIVE! www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
i love you too mi amor with all my heart. ur secret admirer will leave u something too ;) night
Lt. General Stanley A. McChrystal will be our salvation!
I believe the correct term is "GAAAAAAAAHHHHNNNN!"
Check out my NHL Conference Finals preview on www.thechiefsports.com I pick the Tampa Bay Lightning in 6 and the Vancouver Canucks in 7
-- Not sure if "Most Questions Asked" is a title you want ...
Who's MORE important ? Me or Her <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
funny story... During Spanish (at 10:14) me & my friend got out of our desk & started yelling, so worth the trouble!
Who cares what others think or say. They only try to mess with you to make themselves feel better.
I think you're confused. I have never tweeted about Congress or politics - just because I am in DC...
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles it would be the best thing that's ever happened to me.;)
Word to the wise, never play leapfrog with a unicorn..
LMAO yeah I seen that..so fuckin funny!! glad my kids never done nothing like that!! HaHa
aw, thanks!
Have some stylish tech-savvy products for bus travelers - who can I email info to?
#FF & for all the real #CAPS playoff talk all the time!
The point is to build tools, not products
Ladies and Gentleman, introducing Steve Blake!
You're like a boy version of him ;)
WHERE IS THAT ARTICLE IN TWIST THAT SAYS GREYSON "HAS NO STYLE"?! Show it to me!! #clearlytheyareblind GREYSON HAS STYLE!!
Doggystyle, by an inch RT : Better album: The Chronic or Doggystyle?
very welcome! Thanks for joining being on the #smcsac panel. You killed it!
Watching, The Tenth Circle No surprise, but you're absolute amazing in it! Thanks for helping me burn time! :)
Have fun dudes - bedtime for me.
#11 Bro, do you want a relationship with God? Then continually read the Bible! #GodlyBroTips #Brotips John 1:1
Vinnie Vocalsis performing Live at The Ugly Dog Saloon this Friday! NO COVER CHARGE! Go have fun with Live entertainment!
#DailyQuote: "All knowledge, the totality of all questions and all answers is contained in the dog." - Franz Kafka
Busy January for teaching classes! Great turnout for Overview of EndNote, RefWorks & Zotero class. 1 down, 3 to go!
on a par 3 course
I've been repairing and installing air conditioning systems for over 20yrs and take great pride in my workmanship.
go away
You guys I had beers so now I need salt
Good Morning Everyone!!!
Thanks for giving us a try. Have an awesome day and enjoy the $1 meal!
Wait, wot? RT > : Twitter created music pages now ?
you would say that , the number in front of it is good 2 and already on those 2 pieces lol
Hey :) How are you?
Headed to the University of Louisville for discussion of racism, sexism, and violence. Talk today at noon.
i guess im finna c was going on fb
What an amazing day!
Ok Friends where are all those mobile pictures and digital Camera pictures from Calle Ocho ?!?! Post Away and Tag Us !!
maybe this is an application for Google Glasses?
@ maybe I should use my Dave to the Darnell skills to win a undefeated title.
I am doing other things tonight but that's later ;)
It's a Sundance film from 2008.
Austin shoulda put cities that he hasn't been to on the poll. Now there's drama :p
STRESS kills...leave it up 2 GOD!!!!!
im bored did I said tht aready
no its a scientific fact that Libras rule
I have had almost every kind of pet out there. But what i really want is a pet monkey! Maybe in the future of we dont die this december.
Grilling up a batch of Tom's famous BBQ chicken! yum
Official Docpons site is live. www.Docpons.com
An Astonishing Connection Between Web Operations and Medical Care
I MEAN IF THEY AREN'T PERFECT IN THE MOVIE, ILL KILL MYSELF, & when's the release date?!? WE CAN GO SEE IT TOGETHER.
also and most important just know that your beautiful any guy would be lucky to have u. He will come :)
FUUUUUCK sessions had a good look to tie
thankyou everyone for the messages of encoragement we love our fans!
Sick of ramen noodles and old milk? Pete's Fruit Market is the newest grocery store near campus. Just a #14 bus ride away!
I feel bad, I feel like its my fault :'(
pop ups are very dirty
THE FRENCH CONNECTION - egg soaked brioche toast, butter, bourbon currant compote & maple syrup.
John P. Wilken: Interoperability has been the fig-leaf to avoid deeper collaboration between institutions. From DigCCurr keynote.
I know! I have been walking around occasionally and having a small bit of coffee. The problem is I am fighting sickness too :(
...save 40+mins of video; 20 of which was last song with the killer outro. Another video was of Matt Hollywood a foot away :[
Me too. The class sounds fun - enjoy.
Don Draper fixing a sink is porn for me.
Mi madre says the darnedest things. Pretty pussy willow. Wrap me up.
I've dealt with insecure women all my life... Now I know how to deal with them...
RT : Just read a great article about the WONKS campaign in the AU magazine. Awesome concept!
Open till 3 if you're driving around wondering where to get free wifi and a cup of joe.
Field Trip? Youre a Sr! I went to the wrong high school! Getting ready to go on a Field Trip!
So #Facebook now has 901 MILLION active users?!?!? Um...YOWZA!!!
sometimes bees are just jerks
you know..i wouldnt mind you just pressing my follow button!!
If your in a relationship and you constantly argue, call it quits already.. someone will treat you like you deserve to be treated
I'll have a look at your website. TY for the follow.
Korver was screaming for the ball! Why all the blame on Lucas? NO ONE WANTED TO SHOOT!
Playing the legendary Whiskey A Go Go in LA in September!
Dinner with Jaguars cb tonight - XO was on tonight.
Okay, theres not much more you can do boo, be strong x
Who feels like a burrito for lunch? Silly question! Surfo Turfo? Steak & Potato? What's it gonna be?
no, i mean life :(
Just got home from a nother birthday dinner with the fam but anyways went to the store n bought my lunch for monday some chips lol
#irallstars Sources of IR traffic? Gilman: Individual articles result in international impact. Ramirez: provost wants to know about traffic
Are U joking??
Send us some questions for tonights show! big one on deck!!
Perfect attitude! Now you're talking! luv that smile Babe. :)
My father loved Margin Call, so you've got two generations of Steeles on your side.
great song.
At first I actually wasn't sure if that shit WAS cray, but now I'm like, "Wait a minute... I think that shit is maybe a little cray" lol.
Yes! I've gotten several dm's, too. If only I could make an easy extra $8000 a month!
Work sucks period!!
I'd like to think it's more fun to pretend being alive, see the world, breath deep, and smile.
Frozen Sunday afternoon dilemma: to drive an hour to a refuge with eagles or a fraction of that for hawks and other birds. Me? The latter.
I meant, when I play fast and loose I LOSE more often, about a third of the time, and you, my opponent, are more likely to win.
"que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong. Muito ansioso, haha."
I hate the people in my math class omFG
i had diarrhea that was a better color green than that movie. Actually it gave me diarrhea. Yeah.
LOVE DA PONG! Got table in NO,La. Ever in da dirty dirty?Hollywood South? Challenge U a game, puttin on da English!!
After gallivanting through Hillcrest nightlife , I still all y'all are still morons
Break Time ((:
God damned fire and ice
Got pulled to work with jake the pirate
Do work.
yea fight night is the new crack in the house... and other things lol
Watch the news reports as if God is offering you a list of prayer requests. Imagine how the world will change if we pray that way!
Let's do another #DesignProLunch Dallas a week from today! - April 20
i dont get why people still watch 106 and park.
New Angrey comin such good things to those who wait ....never mad just Angrey
Lance has been asleep for 30 minutes now & is puttin his covers on & I'm pretty positive he has no idea I'm still laying here. Lol
Aha awesome! I'm excited. it's really fun to read! :) x
Not quite a "recording", but Peanuts' Schroeder playing Beethoven's Sonata #8 (Pathetique) made me the composer I am today.
Thanks Neal! Hope that you will be joining us as 12:30 PT?
The results, in most cases, were crystal clear and gave HubSpot valuable insight into customer needs
--Yes you should! :)
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Fri, May 18 9:00a: Love gaming,...
let's work! I'm here!
Best time to purchase a note from a bank is at the end of the quarter. Always trying to clean their books during that time.
Tryna find a job blows.
LOVE IT! you guys are so right!
there's always someone out there who has it worse than you..
I haven't checked recently, but from what I remember...mine are Ginormous.
another one!?!
say what?
Dance Studio with Claudia
Up early to get ready for The Great River Race! I'll be paddling 12 miles on The Mighty Mississippi today!
I took the class for my licenses online if that's what you mean. Otherwise I'm in Miami
good morning all time to make that money
Loving my Hyperlinked Library class
Dairy queen and movie night with my daddy<3
CLT area business owners -- what leadership lessons are there from Gettysburg? Outstanding opportunity this Thursday morning. DM to learn
i did!
break ups are usually hard and they hurt. but this time, it was quick and painless.
At charley horse now. Wow. Actual service. Fuck you pepper jacks.
#edshow It's FASCINATING to watch the LIBERAL MAGGOTS squirm in the ugly, muddy mess they'd CREATED.
shooting for starts tomorrow!!!!
I love that show. The Robertson's rock!!": Thanks everyone for all the follows. Ducks,God,Family #DuckDynasty"
everyone is so fuckin annoying
congratultions! So happy for you.
yeah :D
Can the kitties remedy the flying ants problem? :P
The stomachs is a-growlin
Have a safe and happy fourth of July!
Raining in LA is < Sunny in LA
RT : It is better to be led by God than driven by desperation!
I can't even process that statement.
Heart OK. Hit head this week. All good darling thank you! XX
Miss M did a classic routine with tonight that brought the house down
Spring is here what beautiful weather!!
that would be awesome!
Visualising Emancipation project out of U Richmond maps a massive amount of data on slave informants
Welcoming Nic and Stephen... Happy Friday the 13th.
Finding out how much I hate being single after watching a chick flick<<<<<<
Putting the final touches on a new website design for Westcoast Video Productions. I will post the designs once they are complete.
PHONE FROZE. XTRA WEAK!
Quorum Court learns rebate of jail tax funds being sought; could be costly
Steve Blake banks a desperation 3 just seconds after Craig Sager drops a Steve Francis reference.
she did
I don't live in Bend, but I still found it funny!!
Who still gets bills in the mail? Would the U.S.P.S. elimination of next day service impact you?
On The Bright Side I'm Not Gonna Be In A Boot For My Sisters Graduation <3
Another Republican Congressman is biting the dust and leaving Congress. Tim Johnson, R. IL will announce his departure. Go
Include me in your #FF ? :)
#CLIPPERNATION STAND UP!!! RT : Great effort tonight let's rise friday night clipper nation......
ha, spice is a good way to put it!
Things on our mind: Tim Tebow; March Madness; 'Hunger Games,' and things in general that make us Hungry (*wink*)....oh, and this AMAZING SUN
Turning things around
Film and theology night with leading a discussion of Hud. Death, rape, capitalism, cattle, and Paul Newman wrestling hogs. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Tiger's all over the place .took a penalty on 13, not playing well. Sup with that pass Rondo threw into the seats last night?
thank you, again!
ion see nun
Just stood in line for my flight back to Richmond with former VA governor Tim Kaine. Chatting baseball.
Intrgnratnl creation of Emitt Tills/ thats policy/ tears is the impact/ tears in black emotional fabric/wrinkles on the dollar/funeral bills
WHATEVER HAPPEN TO THE "HE SAY SHE SAY".....
Here is also hot , too . Im very busy at the moment , sometimes . but , ii will try to answer all of them .
yes I will be there and please go so I can see your face! Plus it will be fun!
Just joined Google+ Excited for new adventures!!
Taking a moment to recognize Gabe Saporta and his creepy drug-dealing character on GG. So fantastic.
After 6 hours in the airport yesterday, we made it safely to Cali around 7:30 PST. Go Badgers!
Only be sad if it's the latter, since there are many in the profession old enough to appreciate the former.
Anyone who can get Garry South & to agree, won't have trouble building coalitions to fix streets & fill potholes.
also need to put my gender glasses on. I may have missed something. But it seems like Mabel Byrd never discusses her gender.
Hm, publishing is getting more and more complicated.
I question whether or not it even counted as a date.
Listening to #Eminem ...
WI Shootes White with win in Waukegan behind Branden Williams and A.J. Mueller.
If this just blows over like it was nothing, I'm gonna be so pissed.
Just pissin in the wind
I <U+2665> you lady.
Is Quagmire your accountant?
everything is sold out today...ah
I didnt even know today was Friday. Anyways TGIF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Not puttin up wit no type of lien folks or fakes
No, but my mom, who beat ovarian, worked in a cannery at night; raising 3 boys during the day on a $199.8 mil < $200 mil knows
sauna- sweat it out and emergenC!
I will. Come with me tomorrow night!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers!
Religion Spoils EVERYTHING
- yes, please. Thanks!
its a good thing. I have the same problem.
Ryan hollins is more athletic reggie evans
These lost Fitzcarraldo scenes with Jason Robards and Mick Jagger are very strange, like something from another universe.
and Rep. Becker seem to be planning an effectie Approptns Cmte pocket veto of #civilunions. No word Ap Cmte has accepted.
chilling...with my cereals listening to ...wow...shes dope...
Heading out to Vegas for the weekend!
People don't change, they just find new ways to lie to you
I no they be sitting up talking shit about me
I more meant
I hate WV it's 2 cold:/
i believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean your alive. <3
Big players make big plays! These are big players who shined tonight! Great win guys. Going back to Cali 2-0
Come check out lots of new arrival lps at revolver recs 2nd st & roosevelt phx
Welcome new #Museum followers: and !
I DOO :P
toes in the sand and surf after dark.. then story telling under the stars..
PUMP UP THE VOLUME whoa, where did that come from? I got jock jamz stuck in my head.
Avengers is my favorite movie. Hands down.
My Father taught me to listen. He said, "we were given two ears, not two mouths".
"Like" this post if you know what is happening Feb 3rd. ?
but you cant quit because the money is decent and you need it?
liar liar pants on fire, you dont tell the truth cause you called me beautiful :p
Came to visit the place where I might be moving to at the end of Oct!
I noticed. VT is a cool state.
you are cracking me up getting your house done by Jeff :)
Crying because Austin is at his new home. His new home far away from Alex <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I fell asleep ten x while writing the same paper. I don't know why but Zayn's name was on there when I awoke.
I wanna see a episode of Phineas & ferb when they go to school!Phineas "Hey Ferb i know wat we're gonna do today! MAKE MATH FUN!" Ferb: -__-
YES! RT : FRESH Healthy Eatery & Juice Bar is NOW OPEN! Offering vegan, gluten-free, and dairy-free options.
story of my life.
Where are we
Now that 's wedding chaos is calming down we've got some good stuff coming. NPR feature, new release to announce etc. Stay tuned!
“: Glad you're stoked about Vsnap! Can't wait till you see the beta site and mobile apps. :) ^T” can't wait!
you may?
15 days left in Michigan before I can go home to Wichita to celebrate my 21st.
enjoyed your Relationship Funnel article on today! ttp://www.customerthink.com/blog/the_relationship_funnel
Don't forget to get your book card stamped by 20 vendors & be eligible to win $100 @ #NYLA11 store. What would you buy?
You gonna sue?
Does anyone need an invite to Spotify? Reply with your email address.
Austin rocks!
Happy New Year!
Trader Joe's pasta with Belgo Anise Imperial Russian Stout. Thick and spicy. Just like my men.
gotta rep the mighty #badgers bro
I'll try to watch it tonight!
Bosh has been struggling all season Hubie. This isn't new.
Nice to have someone with whom you can share brief encryptions, descriptions, and notes in the dark... If not What's one more lost letter?
I know I crack jokes (typically out of disbelief), but adult illiteracy is all too real.
Bears need to grab some recievers this off season
Hey douche bags trying to be a aLittleLessDouche.. do yourself a favor
• career wise sure, just lately it's been oddly poor out there.
Called my mommy today but she didn't answer :(
same. I'm back in East Lansing to finish up school. I graduate in december. What are you doing with your life? I miss you!
and the app store, and the incognito mode, and Chrome's simplicity, and.....
We will be closed Thursday and Friday. We wish you, your friends, and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving.
I am #thankful for a wonderful nation , united by many, to be on a magical planet called earth, I am thankful to be me
Feeling good. Ready to make magic happen. They just might do it, too.
So happy to hear from you this afternoon! I miss you on fb! See you Thursday!
Love seeing former players like provide such great perspective to -
My baby is rocking that stage.
Archivists' Toolkit...making life easier.
did Jon Lucas really get in Lebrons face? That's what I call a poor decision. Lebron would ruin him.
Belly the best movie ever.
have a great day today! Please follow me?:)<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. -
Like really do u ever shut up? Just shut. The.fuck.up.
You too RT : Happy Hump Day! Wishing you all smooth sailing to the weekend!
Just got my Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson ticket in the mail! Can't wait for the summer!
I used 2 thnk evry1 in that town was copying the 1 guy, but then I realized evry1 in that town looks the same bcse thyre all from that town.
Props to Tide in turning a crappy situation into a commercial for them.
We have a very large amount of cap room, and trade assets. It all depends on the player wanting to come here.
In the wise words of goodnight young world.
All the best to you at this event, Helen. I heard the atmosphere isn't exactly pro-public-schools.
I been up for almost 2 hours nd still only have one contact n...im bout to give Jake my phne so he will let me put da otha one n
RT : Just registered for , which is the farthest ahead of time I've ever done anything. I'm dragging
PLEAAASSSEEEE FOLLOW ME JASMINE ITD MAKE MY DAY!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
S/o to you
...Hello! MR.NANDOS...HOPE YOU FOLLOW BACK ME...I LOVE YOU...:)))
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Follow back?
Sorry I'm not like one of those dumb gia waiting for some kind of change. I change shit that's gunna better me
YEAH...SWEAR YOUR ASS OFF:) LOL.
Me too. Grateful for my espresso machine and those oily French roast beans from New Leaf!
that's a fucking awesome cover!
... , but a little more slowly that I thought. :-)
ima strangle her
ite I messaged you
i miss talking to ;/
Obama doing it. Gas price near me in Alex, Va went down by 10cents
I'm sorry. You can come to Texas <U+E057>
You know, I may not be a success in business
i changed my name
just a thought. i lova you and misa you!!!
What's wrong Vicki? :(
I loved your Family Photos! Beautifully done. Tell Susan great job!
Yes bitch! Ugh, i love her
Going to Stamford
Are any of my followers heading to the jQuery Conference in San Francisco next month?
#ChicagoSkylineBand please help us trend we really need you guys support
Next step is asking for personal email passwords and tours of their homes as conditions for hire?
Just delivered a wedding album & wall portrait to a happy client. It feels good to be appreciated.
I just keep all b/c I don't take the time to remember who is on Medicaid or not. #toomuch I just file it in their folder.
'tis a book! And I wouldn't be surprised at all if she's done a TED.
Hahah but u had that #lockup D then the coast to coast finishes like the bro Tyshawn Taylor
(West Allis) Big Diesel Oil spill on Greenfield ave East Bound over 894
TY for the mention, you are appreciated.
You did it! Thanks to you, we raised $71,027,412 to help even more people in the #STL region. Thank you so much!
Yeah, I'm just listening to in the a.m., just got my workout on. Gonna fight some social injustices. In a dress. #GoGetEmTiger!
Omg first the train is late, then I have to stand up in that sardine can for an hour! Oi the things you gotta deal with on a commute.
It leaves me feeling uneasy. It’s as if I am being asked to believe something that defies logic...
God made coke, god made pepsi god made me oh so sexy, god made rivers, god made lakes god made you, well we all make mistakes..(;
I have recordings of it. It wasn't that 2gether as the music was uncompromisingly tough. 2 say it another way, some heavy shit.
better get redemption for the terrible finish last week against Orlando. Just let #Ersanity take over again.
What is white balance and how do I set it? by SilverGenes
Well my name is pretty easy to find...its only my actual name haha! I didnt know you were a twitter fanatic like me?
Another Friday, another chance to join the commentary from the first ball.
Mark Zuckerberg/Facebook is listed on NASDAQ.
The Game Ain't Over 'Till The #LASERSHOW Swings!
"I know we, Said it's just as well that I won't keep, keep you for myself, But I don't want to see you happier with somebody else..."
what kind of ink?!
just as he did today.
Yeah I get it. French fries are bad for you.
listening to Baltimore Consort's album of English Renaissance music. What a treat!
At a minimum it will stop the flood of excuses. #facepalm :)
Lord I know you bout to do somthin big with me and my band but I just ask that you keep me humble and in your will
Best part: a zipper in the rear for lazy bathroom goers.
What is everyone up to tonight?
im starting to think things and i dont want him to be another ex but.........idk
If you came to get me in Knox I can throw you twenty when we get back in town lol I'm tryin to see my mom on mothers day!
Remember, though, that screen resolution can be different from the size of the user's browser viewport.
Solid first half from melo against the heat today
it's easy to say that. But you're right, we have no idea the personal hell this kid's gone through. All of them, really
SO sad that I have to work tomorrow and will miss performing at oak on the water
Read the first 2 paragraphs of the link I just sent you. To most ppl food/diet is a guilt-based religion, not based on science
I haven't touched my phone for basically ten hours, I look at it. There's one message. And its from a company.
ha, i would? haha. okayy. :p
Not to say the outcome would have been different.. but that triple play call against the was one of the worst I have ever seen!
. Same bike, different shield and jacket this year (from Avengers) Plus original 1964 comic book!
High school senior profile: Brian Chung - Patriot-News
congraulations to our very own for her internship at the state department!
Happy #Friday!! What will you be reading this weekend?
#NavDiff kiosk is @ MuMA. Sites in S. Africa & Peru want to host the exhibit too! Where would you like to see dialogue on immigration? Why?
Pretty sure in the last two days this is the hardest I've studied all semester
I'd never be able to be famous because I take peoples comments way to serious/personal....
World Buffet at the Rio is expensive but best in town. Hash House at The M has great burgers. Bigger than the bun.
Question of the day : So...is floss recyclable?
night night! Enjoy your Tivo!!!
Posting so many pictures on instagram #sorry #dontcare <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Be aware of disruptions, interruptions & abusive use of power brought by tech & Qi remotely - tragic combo for all human kinds
Fun gig last night. Thanks to everyone who came out!
Hazelnut Brownies today!
FOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOWWW ME PWEASE. p.s. you guys are funny affff
hows your night, cam?! Good I hope
im crying now cause i saw harry might be going solo on google news
Cippers game is so bad dam
haha omg you're tempting me to do so.
looking good
I'm sad I couldn't make this concert. I wanted to make gift baskets for SHINee & SuJu. And write them letters~
good. I hate training alone lol
Stupid is when you spend 18 hours trying to drown a fish.
If the ribs are too much to handle we have some lighter specials tonight: Mediterranean Grilled Chicken Salad or Tortilla Crusted Tilapia
We won't play your concert hall, but we will play your basement.
very cool. You guys wanna come hang at soon and play the album? Open invite.
RT I have to say that just launching a product is better than incessant controlled leaks.
True. And the recent ones haven't been all that great either.
Today I went shopping and talk still cheap.
Be your self, love who you are, just leaving about what people said to you, & believing in your dreams
Im in the mood for some #Menchies :)))
Texas Highways building, 1933, Austin.
Girls is way too fine for us to keep off us.
Right now chillin before I head to the studio with the team
lol.. You miss me already? “: - come back!”
Big #ShoutOut to my guy niggas ain't stopping him still grinding at work. Glad 2 kno my nigga doin good n Lil buddy gone get his
Kwanzaa. Sounds like someone was late to the actual celebration the day before.
It's the Colorado River, but everyone calls it Town Lake. Next time you're stuck in that airport, try Salt Lick BBQ
welcome back to laredo!! good luck tonite FLUFFY!!!! Hope i can see u!
One of them needs to be British ...
I would be offended if you didn't. That sounds delish.
Hi Sarah :-) I logged back into tweetdeck and all your tweets showed up. Thank you so much for your help!
If There Were Ever a Time When Someone Else's Pregnancy Was Your Business ... - Babble (blog)
The upside? They're not sanding you or your dog/cat/fish/other-pet.
Pro Bowl tight end Marcedes Lewis has signed his franchise tender with the Jacksonville Jaguars. www.coachescorner.com
ALPHA NEWS: Alpha Rho at Morehouse College Wins Southern Region College Chapter of the Year
MrsSibona: Coconut Rice Custard
I ranted to myself in the shower about it. Is it weird? Absolutely. Do I care? Not at all.
we will!
quite honestly, it colors my perception too.
I can't wait... What date is #PRODUCT2 come out
for a minute, my thought was Gossip Girl instead of tennis, and I was a bit baffled.
Time, unlike Money, once spent is gone forever, we cannot get more, and the amount we have is unknown. Value it above all else.... Lane
thanks! Think I'll keep her. ;)
floor seats are about $800 each.
Okay, I talked with Mrs. A and she said that EVERYONE in the group needs to be committed.
PROGRAMMING ALERT: The #Baltimore filmed #GameChange premieres TONIGHT on HBO at 9pm!!!
awesome! #runnerds RT : Indeed I am :) Hoping I'll be in town for the big race!
Marty Turco playing the puck like he is Pete Peters out there. Must be something about a #Bruins goalie wearing
Headed back to Chicago - Will continue to follow #sxswedu Very grateful to Tweeters for sharing! Thankful to all the great volunteers, too!
Aww thanks! Glad I could make you smile too! I owe you an email - sorry! Give me a week or so to get that shoot on my radar!
I mean... you can. LOL
I want to come! RT : hoping I can finagle coming to #HolidayHouse2010 too!
The CityCenter at 735 has been awarded the Wisconsin Commercial Real Estate Women’s - Vision Ingenuity Award!
radical self care is on my menu today. Salt bath with essential oils; singing and dancing; and playtime in nature. What's on your menu?
wow!!!! i might have to stream the album tonight. thanks, mike!!!
is that Richmond too? I forget. Hitting it all tomorrow.
Sick of sticking to everything. Oh Cali... You make me sticky.
Correction: NOT letting me
Tom Murphy: Enormous challenge facing RTP: public transport. I can hardly take public transportation from the airport to downtown Raleigh.
Hey Shelby, congrats on you first official day!
Goodnight tweeps!! :P
Frustrating: no time to watch various high-promise videos (#infoq, especially). Can't tell easily which are really worth my time.
I'm goin' hungry.
Tip of the day: partaking in stupid activities is really dumb.
On our way to NC.
Columbus was a horrible founder. Do research people.
Wen people Say They Gonna Last Forever It make Me Think Like , Im Sorry But Its NOT Gonna Happen !
RT : You're stupid wrong about Old School but right about After Hours. Agree...JJ remove wax from ears
I Hate Myself When I Start Crying In Front Of Someone :/ [<U+2665>]
yeah I know I love it
Finally, a pho shop coming to town. Addicts and soon-to-be addicts stay tuned...
lol well give me a hint and I will let you know if you are warm or cold ;-)
RT : California Teachers Association estimates nearly 20K preliminary pink slips issued on based on reports from districts.
And I thought Jets were bad. Giants just blew season. Unbelievable comeback by Eagles. Unbelievable choke by Giants. Amazing!
Please follow us at - We can then discuss your server. ^SW
get out of class, NOW!
- Thanks for the RT! We've received a few comments about it on our Facebook page. What are your thoughts on it?
Thanks to all our NEW followers ! We appreciate your support of our business venture! Check us out at www.fanmailshop.com
Shirley Jones, what a piece. Nice & snug.
Mayor V @ to give his State of the City Address. www.savethelibrary.org
Sad to miss #mw2011. Hoping everyone has a fab time!
Yelpers, are you ready for tomorrow's party? is!
All the real hustlers out there keep doin wat u do stay hungry and stay reckless that Steve jobs shit if u were born broke die rich a
It's our first birthday here at For our birthday, we want to hear how the web has transformed the way you do research.
Flu Wars V: The Flu Strikes Back
Everyone leave me alone, Detroit is about to hand it to Chicago. Yes Josh, that's what I just said.
Just tried our 1st ever pineapple & jalapeno slices @ Che Bella Pizza near Columbia University, awesome!
That little action took so much off , Smiled for the first time in 19 hours. Literally felt my heart loosen up, like it had been constricted
you clearly didn't get what that movie was trying to say
If u can't change the ppl around u then CHANGE the ppl around u... i gotta start takin that to the head
I hate people when we have an important conversation and they FALL ASLEEP. Yeah that means YOU OneAndOnly<3
RT : lmfaooooooooooooooooooo on what you said to tony I almost cried of laughter
I always catch wrigley humping Maggie... He likes his girls with a little extra cushion I guess
U know sometimes silence is golden,but then again,to hell with silence!!
me too!! Miss u! Can't wait!
True. Wish you could come! I do want to be on an beach soon though. Miami?
when's the next #Doorknockers on Ustream?
I want Toni Basil to come out and sing now.
Make mistakes, but learn to never regret them. Because your greatest mistakes will become your greatest lessons.
i hate my neighbors
The ones on my background.
what was he thinking?
Camping tonight with
Tell me about it.
Evolutionary point indeed. The time is now RT : excellent concept, looking forward to evolving with you guys :)
Good morning! RT : I'm volunteering with the March for Babies in #Miami at
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
We're at the Google Chicago office..,and they think it's the most exciting time to be an entrepreneur, and are ready to support
I've always felt as if it were a waste of space.
The best example of leadership, is leadership by example
My job is definitely secure. No one else wants it.
haha one day that will be my new house!
I need & to have a chance meeting Pretend I'm there 2 introduce U! Chelsea, this is Amy.
I want contacts... What color should I get ?
HappyBirthday Amor! may all u wishes come true! luv u with all my heart nd 1 day i'll tell u this in person!<3 RT if u love me!
omg girl are them gettin' ya white girl wasted?
it wont load :(
- sippin Sangio, thought of my fellow Twitter wine aficianado.
Didnt know it was <U+2614> out side loving it tho.
WOO HOO! That's what I'm talking about baby girl!
Love how BITCHES are desperate. Too ea their own on how u find love. Damn if twitter is your only game, then you need some schooling.
It's always the nights when you're planning on staying in but don't that turn out the best
Hun talking crap on the computer is pathetic if your gonna talk crap then grow a pair and say it to my face k thanks.
#gardening all AM Can't decide whether or not to prune my blackberries? Prolific all winter & still going #Houston pic.twitter.com/O6xZS8Zp
yo is the car wash hiring....?
#itsawesomewhen SUMMER STARTS
its not my fault you got to the tournament after I left :p
a long day in a library carrel. not so bad in the grand scheme of things.
Re LinkedIn, keep unless you have privacy concerns. It's useful for finding experts & legit networking.
Sky looks ominous here in Belmont... what do we call the last two days (Indian Spring?)
we plan to open late May/early summer. Hope to see you then
Thank you for including us in your top crowdfunding stories
You only get out of something as much as you put into it ~ Everybody
reunited in the same housing situation as and (AND IT FEELS SO GOOD)
Sounds like it's getting serious between Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Kim says he's the one she wants to spend the rest of her month with.
Reading Waiting to Exhale for a proposed tv interview, triggered my desire to write.
Ped. Pals will be on sale, especially w/sandal season approching. Month of April theyre on sale ..2 / $10.00 one will last at least 2 months
Are you gettling repeats of the same messages from people? I've noticed that recently with some clients.
where u gon be?
Fri 1/13 SPiN Milwaukee will be bringing their ping pong table back to the CityCenter at 735! 11am-1pm in lobby. See you there!
that's very nice, thank you for checking it out.
Starting a video feature. Do you have any ideas on what it should be? Any questions you want to ask them? Tell us!
Come celebrate Thanksgiving w/ your Twilight family! Free Thanksgiving Feast tonight! Turkey and all the fixin's! Dinner around 7.
I use it on a Kindle and it's great, works seamlessly, maybe they need to tweak for ipad
Made some delicious strawberry, banana, crepes this AM.
Simplify Simplify Simplify
wnot yet still working on it!(:
"Between thought and expression, there lies a lifetime."
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you were?
Highly recommend commuting to work with your identical twin sister. People-watching with telepathy is easier and more fun.
TRAFFIC: SB Hwy 151 @ Branch Rd (NW Dane County) Car vs Deer crash, the deer is still in the road
Have musical practice today. I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE SCHOOL TODAY!!! <U+E416>
WTF? Just met up with the UGLIEST MF spider! LOL BIG AS A GOD DAMN WALNUT! I closed the bathroom door on him! SO THERE
you boyz around this eve? we're movin about. at chugging' monkey on 6th right now.
So bout 10 of my followers in my crib, not doing nothing. Summer boredom is real.
yep“: brainwashed”
hey how you doin
Dulles South Youth Football will HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certify entire program for 2nd year in a row. Leadership & Accountability in action
Molly & bj make me wanna crawl in a ditch and live there.
- You made the right decision. Only 11 episodes too late. Not a big Lisa fan. As a comedienne, yes. Now, I don't think so.
I must break you.
any you can still look into it and kinda get an idea of what you'd need to do, plan and all that good stuff.
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <3333
All I wanta do is just a boom boom boom and zoom zoom.
amending the U.S. Constitution to enshrine discrimination is just Romney's "personal preference." So he wasn't born that way?
Rondo has more triple doubles than Wendy's.
Just got into it with a barber. Cut my fuckin hair the way I tell you to, or don't get full price. Simple shit.
How you been bro?
I wonder if she knows what day it is
1 of my best friends is grad. from the Univ. of Northern CO today. She had a 4.0 all 4 years & is gonna be a nurse in Air Force. Hell yea!
Getting woken up by tiny earthquakes... Life in SF.
i thought the same thing! problem is how would we get management/the boys to see it??
It's Game Day! Can't wait to head down to my first NYC Chapter game watch... Go #RedHawks!
odd I thought it was take off your top and show me your boobs day... Bummer
lmfao tryna peep the boos. Love you to<3
don't text and drive damon :)
lol wat u think u wasn't gonna wake up?
Official launch party for THE EROTIC CHALLENGE July 31 in Las Vegas. Register for the contest info
you think you're so clever typing in Arabic huh. Probably doesn't even mean anything.
Some people call me the gangster of love.
and i know where you belong, it's right here next to me <3
thanks Aaron! Glad you liked it. Sorry you missed our Dec. special (choc/mint - your suggestion) might need a spec. tasting?
We're looking for a PR/Marcom pro w/4-6 years experience. Please contact me at if interested or know of anyone great
lol i was about to say the same!
go sam!
SO today at the seven step fair i scared sixth graders while Paigee told them to stir her rice ;D productive day
Latest China News | Current News » Autoblog Podcast #204Top ...
Thanks for the follow!
Hey I don't want to hear you babble about out of state union $ anymore. You've raised $25 million...and 75% is from outside WI
And the best chat room on Paltalk is....?
The day doesn't officially start till you take a shower
Oh, I herd you two killed it alright...
Join the music revolution!
God is all the world to me...I'm glad he has me where I'm at...
The design concept for Dudley: an urban village with a green Dudley transit space for buses.
can I join the party? ;)
Ugh. Dear blocked caller, stop calling me I'm trying to nap a little before I have to leave again. I currently feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Wow...I guess renting in Boston really *is* expensive.
Great conference. I love your pens! :-) RT Thank you VPPPA for another successful National Conference!
Life is rad.
WHATS UP MANE THIS MIXTAPE TAPE BOUT TO DROP IIM WORKING
We hope you will be in the parade this year!! You are a fan favorite!
Drink that shit its thirsty ThursdayRT : Got a whole bottle o goose and don't know what to do with it lol
Lame ;D
I have to admit I'm kind of excited to see how Desperate Housewives will end ... I haven't watched in years.
tears of joy:)
Are those good?
Read 's post on assessment. Good stuff, smart lady & "watch the audience" is right on & something I think artists need to do more of.
I'm at the doctor with my grandfather! Detail the doctor will be late and I'm starving!! Urgh!!!
you are truly amazing you should have won that award but maybe the next one right ? Never Say Never <3
I'm spending the morning (800) 795-5276. Call me & let's support the folks who bring the music!
Thanks for ur support We'd love to work with u. Check out our Vox Team &
If he is afraid to approach you, then you are more expensive than those to which he easily fits.
RT : congrats T. Smith (former Terp) first catch in NFL - 74yrd TD. Go #Ravens! - coulda used him yesterday though...
I like you.
It's very odd...
Waiting to go home, went to phantom tonight & had a blast and now waiting for the fundraiser to clean up at the torror of terror. Exhausted.
LES GO
Unfollowers can go f**k themselves dead ass.. if you juss gonna unfollow don't follow in the first plase b*tch.
Almost ran my car into the curb trying to see if a crazy homeless man was smoking a real cigarette or an imaginary one.
seriously?? Duh!
Guys i dreamt I won a comp and did a duet with :') I've Heard If you dream about someone it means they want to see you! WAAAH!
Thx Future Green for donating a beautifully (students of Fernwood School decorated) water reservoir. Pls support them & Cafe Terragon
good tip. Having the right tools saves time and energy and keeps people safe.
yeah I'm gonna go see him with Carrie Underwood in November
working on them tomorrow, ill email you about it, we are so sorry for the delay
followin back :D
Hard to believe it's almost over #icon12 rocked! Time to take massive action!
Portable personal spray tanning equipment...Check out our new sponsor, Tanning Central: www.pageantcenter.com/pageant_announcements.html
better: would you rather watch a porn with your parents OR starring your parents? (told to me by a mom)
Admirable endeavor.
Create "support groups" for faculty. They need all the help the can get.
Tiger is back! PGA 2012 has officially started.
i love ur hear its cute
#mybad >> : Of course! #duh RT : The boy band? >> RT : Menudo sounds good right now
Going to check out a place today with .Stoked on that.
Saute it with olive oil and garlic, or make a soup with cannelini beans. Kale is AWESOME.
Great day for Gio!
Hi I'm withering away, save me.
So whats up?
"It's a beautiful morning" ~singing as I go!!
i love to sing, act,dance speak others idioms, play instruments create music , write song....
Laawwwwwd this party packed early geesssh blue line wit damixx
Looking forward to a great day of meetings with our partners at !
Really admire your turnaround. What helped you the most?
I must be the only one that likes Tebow! After last year I think he earned some respect.
RT : Real News Watch Rachel Maddow Bring Us Back to Wisconsin: Democrats Have "Momentum" in Recall Elections | Al.....
2 of his goals were scored with his head(@ Portland, Colorado). 2 with his foot (Houston, @ Dallas)
I just experienced my first earthquake!! In the Northeast US THAT JUST DOESNT HAPPEN!!
#WINNING “: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Ass & boobies in the morning? #WINNING <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> if you aint wakin up to shit like this, you are #losing ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>”
GLBT family head to Tenn, or retire to Tenn, no personal property tax, houses are so cheap you would not believe it, 5 br, 3 bath 135,000
I don't think Austin could ever find a.better best friend
Damn. I have a scary raccoon that gets on my deck. They are NOT cute up close when they're savaging your garbage bags
If Lincoln had waited till the people "evolved" away from slavery, we'd still have it today. Leader's who need pushed aren't leaders.
Important talks re: shared print collection management. see
lol wat u been up to?
After evaluation, #Badgers commit Austin Ramesh is now a 3-star recruit and ranked the No.2 FB in the country
Wtf is with Perez Hilton at #WangoTango, ugh ridiculous outfit, just ridiculous. He's just so annoying to me!!
Knoc it off
Trust in the Lord forever, for the Lord God is an everlasting rock ~Isaiah 26:4
Ooh, nice. Gotta get a copy of that!
off to buy a flashlight and then to talk (and listen) at pecha kucha toledo!
alot on my mind but i need sleep ima try to sleep so night all
I'm way too gone the best night of my life
One has to embrace the world like a lover, and yet demand no easy return of love
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
Do we really have to play Game 4?
I think haters get mad cause it only took me a year to take over their city but I got a long way to go
Bored right na tho thinkin bout some cash flow
": Nothing like a good book.." // Yes, nothing like the Good Book :)
Let's get Simon Fletcher in the #Denver #Broncos Ring of Fame.
Awww...Hope you have a nice Labor Day=]
#SalvationArmy Emergency Disaster Services provided 3823 meals, 5060 drinks, 2077 snacks and 300 cleanup kits to tornado victims yesterday!
Don't just look, observe. Don't just swallow, taste. Don't just sleep, dream. Don't just think, feel. Don't just exist, live.
"Char-like bodies," sounds like Voyage to Italy!
If you're in love with two people, pick the second one; If you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
/sadpandaface sorry to hear that =(
Can't sleep. 3:32. Glad I don't have to work today. Insomnia + night noises + brain won't shut down. :(
Math has physical and mental problems!
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
I think Llama font is going to be in the next version of Microsoft word.
.. I was once on a flight boarding in Lisbon from India, w/ women never in a Loo with automatic lights B4. fill in the blanks
so jealous
come on! Just follow me! If you don't I'm coming to England with my best friend Abigail!!(: haha
you get 12 2oz samples, you can buy another sample card with 12 2oz samples for $2 more. Most we can legally give you at once
Should the US allow water to be imported to countries in the middle east and India? Newsweek cover story, don't let them monetize water!
haha the los poratles cheese dip motto "You Only Dip Once YODO"
With elvis on 1st, dont pitch to hamilton.
She said you such a dog I said you such a bone
This JFK stuff is so interesting!
what is the craziest dream you've ever had???
that would be wonderful if we can have another homegrown on the team out of Hood
": why is everyone getting vans all of a sudden" OMG. DHJXBNFCR. i don't even know.
PARTY TODAY going to the bronx its gonna be oddee fun then going to manhattan too go to another party thirteen yrs old knows how to party
beautiful, thanks!
I'm sitting just a few feet from the Rush net. That puck was IN! Everyone here saw it, including the goal official who lit the lamp
Getting ready for Sally Lapointe spring 2012
Narrowed the choices to: Pitch Black starring Vin Diesel, Stealing Harvard starring retard with one ball, or a sharp stick in the eye.
Tip #107: You can extend your fold equity by calling in the bb w a 2.5 M versus a weak/average opponent. Shove the flop.
pshhh i won't even doubt that. I KNOW i will ;)
Amazon on average handles 650,000 requests per second on their S3 service. web-scale++
That has happened to me so many times. I feel your pain.
Fascinating future for presented today by It's a good day at work when you're inspired by the end of lunch.
I'm too far north to have kids. I'd prefer not to have them in PA but hey, when God wants a baby, He gets a baby
Tuesday Night Jazz at the Ivory Lounge in SA with GROOVE FACTOR! Showtime 7pm, doors open at 6pm, no cover until 6:30, $5.00 thereafter.
Ladies and gentleman, we are live
Foster the People "Pumped Up Kicks" ACOUSTIC on SiriusXM Alt Nation
wow that is so depressing.....
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! I'm a LittleMonster<U+2665> You're P E R F E C T<U+2665> Never change; & your voice is amazing *-*
yeah durant is struggling but westbrook is hurting you guys so much, trying to take the game into his hands and its not working
Private donors can bridge the gap - become a "partner" in higher ed. Scary?
yes!!! We getting mad tv time!!!!!
Thank you so much for sharing my blog. It's a little uncomfortable having posted it, but really good, too
2nd major change is e-filing in SCt just 6 wks ago on cases involving 3 govt agencies. All documents are word searchable. +feedback
Leggings the same hue as your skin are... um... the same hue as your skin.
Pretty sure I just used up all my motivation to do work tonight on this tweet.
hahah wow you would ! Miss you too sis!
Some people have no tact. Hope finals are going fabulously!
My husband went to night court at 4 o'clock and he and home yet ???
it seems like everyone else but me saw The Avengers !
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
you say you got money, but u look like the bums i give dollars to.
true story... He told mom and dad that.. I didn't even go..
Love this months Black Enterprise! Rising stars 40 and under, Women of Power.
Made to Louisville but now I'm staarving.
If anyone in #Austin wants to contribute pet food/supplies to #Bastrop I can pick up after 6pm today to take Sat am. Msg me
Came home with another bag-full of short films to screen for Edgemar's Short Film Festival. They better be good.
Have fun!
thos fucking hate is so strong and there's nothing I cqIn do about it img i ts fucking eating away at my insides.
Happy birthday sir! What time is the crowd assembling this afternoon?
“: Just saw one of the most brilliantly feathered mullets ever in Meijer. I'm talkin' not a hair out of place." no picture? :(
If I gotta talk to one more more drunk asshole about the sixers I'm gonna stab myself in the eye
Alice In Chains - Unplugged front to back this morning. Inspired by
Your statement tires me.
how is the new gig?
Oh wow, I think we have the same fridge.
Ha, he's about my height. Maybe a little taller. Can't say i knew him too well. Knew his brother (who graduated w/ me) better
Welcome to the maddness, girl!
lets see a pic of the new plane
I didn't do anything though
no problem.
there are a bunch of "boxers" there?
They were argueing Thursday and like 3 said cotto. Or however you spell it.
This evening I was told I need to tone down the snark. Sorry guys. For me it's just
Just passed Obama on the freeway. He's driving a KIA.
We all have a gift and a talent. Some of us just haven't tapped into it yet. #fact!
Dont want to go to school....nachos
Yes RT Made a latte with chocolate almond milk & it was good. Anyone wish more milk options were available at coffee shops?
Make today count bc you will never get it back.....BOOM!!!
I am confused, depressed, and having a panic attack all at the same time...
clinical stories can also be engaging & reinforce key points in a memorable way if have emotional impact
Why must these discussions start two seconds after a defeat?You always say things you don't mean when angry.
Vincent IT won e-Book project it has all iBook feature and allow to publish book and ePub and Pdf format.
can i produce your next hit single? RT : Rockin out EMP with and Hello new girl band!
He got tagged for 6 runs, so into the 6th at least. I haven't watched yet either.
Do you have what it takes to start your own Small Business Advertising Agency? Message me for details...
so....fuck marketing.
So true! That's a good one. I am going to RT.
Yes! I can't believe it. :)
So important to make some "me time!" Try to find 15-30 minutes a day.
#Anchorman sequel? Yes, please.
I don't think the robots would like that very much. I'd like to avoid provoking them if at all possible.
Me too.
“: “: What a great end to the tour with I love these dudes & the music they make.” // you 2 rule
I'm back at the united center again can u believe it lol
Sawg to the fifth
RT : at Harlot. Our producer B kicking out the jams and playing tracks off their new album. Nice chill night out.
hard work really shows!!!! Great work!!!!
I'm addicted!!!
Awesome! Hi to your #English569 students, and tell them to check out #CynthiaSelfe's amazing chair!
where you at ?
hmm... I see who wears the pants in the family. Do you also own a Matt Ryan jersey? I thought you used to be a cheese maker?
I'm so bored. Fuck! N turned my phone OFF. I guess I can't live life without MY phone :(
Got yelled @ by clerk @ Water St Hotel, Port Townsend WA. 2hrs late=evil behind her bad knees, sobriety, low blood sugar. Who knew? WOW
your cell phone can't be used as a mouse either.
I wish twitter had a little button that said press if your in a relationship <3
RT “: RT "The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art." ~John Lasseter
Is it wrong for me to like C.J. Watson...he's still a raw talent, but I think he could become one of the best backup pgs in the league
in life ...not every hill has a latter.
Got old family slides converted by local supported workshop--will be gifting copies throughout the family--just amazing to see them again
Go follow now! Or jump of a cliff, your choice. ^-^
Ruskin quote of the day: "Raise the men as high as you can, and then let them stoop as low as you need; no great man ever minds stooping."
Happy Veterans Day!!!! Thank you for all those Military families past & present that gives us our freedom!!
Thanks for the follow!
Awesome! Can't wait to see them!
Baby bro!!!
Much love new love real love tough love but its all love here
I've cultivated a bad habit of cracking my knuckles.
How blessed am I to be walking through the Upper West Side on a beautiful almost-Spring evening? I get to live in the city of my dreams
honestly I'm probably gunna come back Thursday and pretend its not over
Thank u for your wonderful support! :)
Me too RT :I wanna go to ATL
Thanks! :D
We want to thank everyone again for coming out March 1st for our grand opening! April 5 is around the corner! Dont 4get 2 DRESS 2 IMPRESS!
It's been a shit week for everyone.
One Direction <3
I'm pretty sure that I'm high off of all of the strawberries I just ate
Thanks for following me Senator Franken, big fan.
Got that right! RT according to those calculations, i only have to live about 100 days without you. thank goodness i'm a cougar.
< Please validate through truetwit and I will be happy to return the love
I heard the Packers are talking to the Bears about having to play games in Los Angeles. Oh wait, that's not a draft rumor...
So excited to see #TheHungerGames today! Won't be as good as the books though.
fish is good for your brains
Your children's reliance on rigidity & routine helps them to predict & manage
#Dewey's Rick Climan and group of four other partners go to Weil Gotshal, according to my story online.
"The danger is not that our aim is too high and we miss, but that it is too low and we reach it." Michelangelo
Did you know? Drinking tea during a meal helps block fat absorption by 25%. We have top grade loose leaf teas for your healthy habits.
Hey man, I messaged you about your set fire to the rain remix earlier? What's good?
The #GoodWife is getting into the #twitter #hashtag phenom with #KalindasPast, they would've really killed it with #KalindasFlexible, LOL
eat something, amateur coffee drinker.
What part of which meeting minutes? Regardless, I'm interested. BTW Nice online internship slides
awesome. Enjoy the game as best as you can. I'm sure KD will put on a show. Everyone does when they stop at NJ, right?
Get ready chicago! Sobe extensions is coming to town! Come check us out at the America beauty show!
is so funny hahahahahaha
“: lilq824 it's all about dem lakers tho” Hockey > basketball...But I see your point :)
SO close to just giving up. Fuck it. My life isn't worth shit..
Letting go of u was one of the hardest things I've had to do
what's going on down by Edgewater? Lots of cops and all blocked off
you... YOU KILLED US ALL
I am a songwriter..what's up
Just watched Home Alone for the first time now I know why loves this movie
Thank you so much for following back! Wish you a wonderful weekend!
No form of the pole shift hypothesis is accepted amongst the general scientific community.
My friends success amazes me. From rock stars to government leaders, they are proof that you are responsible for your own fate, good or bad.
See you 4 Jun HQ--seeking to engage with the #collcons community more deeply!
Hey I'm gonna go have dinner now, bbl, Denver plays tonight!
Reggie miller
im sending it right now.
the fake weapons are my absolute favorite.
I don't give a fuck bout shit. Fuck a bitch get a hoe drop a dime get a doe eenie meenie manie mo
Thanks for following my tweets, look forward to following you too and be encouraged in the faith. Be blessed! Cindy K
D'oh! It's always the fine print that gets you.
Herman Cain Plan B: Deny, Justify, Spin and Attack. I love this guy.
Exactly ;-) I can say that this is one rough looking group of Mozillians today (exception: the stolen tiger)
Shhhhhhh… that’s the sound of nobody caring about what you think.
Better see y'all at the agency social tonight!
Thank you for the follow back. Does your business spend a lot on tolls? Think it's too much?
Wondering how I can find more sustained time for writing. Was hoping for a uni-tasking day, but will probably have to downgrade to multi-
OH Now I want CalTort.
I don't want to go to work. I don't want to pack. I just feel like laying in bed al day
The #Icy didn't dull the pain, and the #Hot certainly isn't relaxing it away, but the feeling of my neck on fire is taking my mind off it.
love this pic
oh not at all! I'm just super excited to see this!
Text "ENVY" to 46786 and you'll get messages with our drink specials, event info, and FREE COVER offers each weekend! :)
i guess that #Hogwarts online degree didnt pay off after all
Fact of the Day: is the second-longest tenured Packer on the current roster. (Behind )
you and are adorable. JUST SO ADORABLE
Very fun surprise twist for you guys next week.
so Uhh, please don't leave the let's be the scariest D that nfl films will show 10 yrs from now.
remind Guests it is "President" Obama. Never Barack, Obama or Barack Obama. All presidents are part of this club.
This tuesday on #leadfromwithin chat on PVI-Model (perception, visibility and influence with Joel Garfinkle 8pm est.
thats good! u need to go out. u deserve it ^_^
im on xbox live and this guy is talking shit playing gears of war 2 so i leave from him 4 16 seconds and he gets ambushed by thirty aliens
who got you!!!!
Finally relaxing after a long day of work
here's a tweet for u!
i saw that tweet a few days ago too. How u gonna go n on somebody without 1st having elementary spelling skills?!
come over then !! Lol
Get fired up about it bro, I always enjoy the work week emails about baseball keep em up
defintely love the movement, but is it possible to skip the "Buy Now" prior to getting to the "Add to Cart" button?
good idea... Am heading out to breakfast with an old friend and then to frolic in the woods! Enjoy your day!
My motto for 2012 is.... stay focus on the goal, success is the key!
That's just not right, Kevin. She needs to fulfill her duties as First Lady. Meet & Greet, pressing palms....that kinda thing!
getting a code out to our winners soon, stay tuned!
Majestic Bay in Ballard is ad-free!
that can't be revealed
Hug your favorite Coastie or police officer tonight. Thinking of those law enforcement and military families in Kodiak and Greenland, NH.
2 out of 3 years sitting/standing next to you at Easter services! <U+03A7><U+03C1><U+03B9>st<U+03CC><U+03C2> <U+0391><U+03BD>est<U+03B9>!!
Good morning love, I'm doing just great! How are you?
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm
Giving back to your community will stregthen your soul.
lol, yeah pretty much geeking out ;) what did u think?
if not even your birthday... oh way yes it is HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY, now "Cheers, Lets Drink To That"!
A No Limit bad beat was hit for $61,600! Congrats to the lucky 'loser'!
and I were together when we received this tweet
why did my mom just hand me 100 dollars for food if im only ordering for myself .. is that a fat joke
Sr. Policy Advisor for Education, Zakiya Smith, shares the administration's focus on college affordability and school counseling
getting ready to launch our new 2012 collection. cool eco-friendly apparel, ready to wear tees, tanks N hoodies and sweet hats and beanies.
Of course your not your a great one :)
Is Oregon in?
Lack of coordinated care is "probably the primary reason why we cannot manage costs on people who have multiple morbidities," - Ira...
U.P. roadtrip in full affect.
welcome 2 baltimore
My mother said: "Just wait till you grow up...you'll understand." Now that I'm grown up, I do understand...and I was warned. - Angela Oberer
Learn about a great way to keep an emergency dose of aspirin. My article is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Happy #RecordStoreDay, As if I needed a excuse to go record shopping. Hoping to find Uncle Tupelo 7" set & Grace Potter's Live Sun Studio LP
Today is a new day! If you want change, then right now is the time! Do not wait for tomorrow cause tomorrow may not come!
Yeah, she could have at least acknowledged the purpose.
That is the plan. You?
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQs Best Danceclub
Well, it is out and about again..Ft. Collins, Colo Sprs., Grand Junction, Calif....
Potential deal? Trading an end for disclose limits for full c(4) transparency?
Appetizer...fried green tomatoes or crab cakes!! One of our favorite restaurants!
Just spent time with the most energizing panel of ladies...and it's a Friday of all days!! They rock. Thx and Sarah Irvin ;)
New songs sound great! I can't wait to hear them live.
well that's GREET
whenever i see caution tape around a house, i automatically think someone got murderedD:
introducing my niece to Singin' in the Rain, she can't stop saying "I can't stan him"
I can't believe OKC is gonna do Dallas like this.
what's up lady
#HappyBirthdayLauren I love you (:
Went from depressed to ecstatic with that goal.
looking good!
Surprised and Lovitz treatment. I'm with . The office of the president is not the same with nobama. Right on, Jon!
You know some toddler's first word was Google.
T.I.R.E.D Plus, our meet is on Monday! Home Game((: #Excited&Sore
Skittles must be getting hundreds of free dollars of advertising during the 4th qtr of this game
it is better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for something you are not.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked What kind of genre are you? Just shut up and listen okay? Thanks
shid its just gone have to be dead lol
I watched the first 15 minutes, only so I could see scenes of next week's The Walking Dead.
I wonder how many people in the crowd at the #GRAMMYS are #trippingballs right now...
Nothing but hassles and work today. Probably the worst Leap Day in years.
Imma be honest, right now it's mostly skin tight stuff but I promise Imma look at for you and get things in very soon!
Who do you love...are u for suuurrreeee #llcoolJ bringing back the NY summer songs
- ONE YEAR REMOVED FROM 19 GOALS FOR BARCE? GET A CLUE
I do have a soft spot for Skylar. I like her spiciness. Didn't see the show tonight, was Jessica bottom 3?
I've had written 9 pgs. of social media content in 3 hours. I have a case of
what festival?
5 Japanese restaurants (TFT member stores) are participating in Japanese New Year Celebration at Washington Plaza Hotel tomorrow (11am-3pm)!
lmao, I okay britt (; I got some rope we can.use :D
Manchester Utd at 9 followed by Chiefs at noon. I love Boxing Day Football!
We just added a new blog entry
Tonight: LE BOOM! with Freddy Todd & Dr Soundsystem , 9p.
Although he fought valiantly against pancreatic cancer, it claimed Patrick Swayze's life in 2009, 21 months after diagnosis.
you made me smile a whole hour early.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
"You guys look great in gold, have I told you that?" - Mr. White. I've always loved this film Tom!
I have an interview there Saturday haha
There really is no need to boo the Canadian anthem
Thank you! Just praying he is strong & healthy since he will most likely be coming a few weeks before due date.
That was 1653 beers ago:)
She's well acquainted with the touch of the velvet hand like a lizard on a window pane.
yea.. I didn't get half the junk on there.. It has maybe 2 ?'s from 2nd semester...
Being a mom is much more than giving birth, anyone can do that. It's nurturing, caring, & the little things that make you a mom.
RT : Don't forget to enter today's contest! Tell us why you #buylocal art and food for a chance to win 2 tix to the...
The dude makin out with this person outside has NO idea she's pre-op.
“: I think I'm allergic to Detroit. Maybe Michigan as a whole. #Strugglin'” Any advice?
Big THANKS to everyone who has purchased our album on iTunes!! Much Love! Peace and God Bless
pleasee!!!!! follow me i love you!
I'll pound on your door , as the hotel does not have room service to wake you up. Save travels... Wow.
Heading to LA today. Sunday, 3/11, I'll be a guest at The Crystal Cathedral and The Hour of Power-Signing books on the Plaza all morning! JK
Y'all follow my folk cool people wit good tweets
#bandsilove THE BAND PERRY
please follow me!(; I love you please folloe
When after all it's just a compromise of the things we do for love.
Glad she could help! You are now followed back so DMs should work for any other inquiries.
Waiting for advisor edits is tough. I want to keep working but I also want to go to sleep.
Walking past a bunch of dogs.. Me: Bark if I'm sexy ! ;D *Dogs start barking* : haha, bark if I'm sexy?! -awkward silence-
Swag is attitude. Not style.
the email on your page is where i can send some tracks to?
Well Guys... I'm about to have some plain ass oatmeal for breakfast.
i have to stay alive
#schoolmemories when me and mar would sing Cody Simpson all day
You mean... You would defy nature for me?
In San Antonio. Cool place. Just had some excellent mex food!
Jonas Brothers Make Us Happy :') Dale que desde que los conozco me hacen feliz<U+2665> :3
Broke heel on boot heading to #windowsphone event. Big dash home to change shoes.
You could try a yoga mat over your carpet.
Feeling alone in your bankruptcy situation? Consider this: in 2010, over 1.5 million Americans declared bankruptcy.
i know it's hard to believe, but there was a time when dennis miller was actually funny. and smart. #proofofalienabduction?
The worst part about traffic is that you can't pick your nose because people are stopped next to you, bored and staring.
of my tummy?! Ew its gross lol. i'll text you one!you should get yours done(:
wow its like i dont know you anymore
HAHAHAHHA YUP FOLLOW ME
do you do anything to get the wave or is it natural? Xx
I like the idea. The mic should be IN the pit. Somebody talk to David Lynd about this.
#ShinSooChoo got nailed on a 1-2 pitch w/ 2 down and men on the corners. #Indians up 1-0. Will #UbaldoJimenez drill somebody?
Im on skype now... just joined, an im worried about the possible security breaches i could leave my phone vulnerable to
Education remarks seen as warning
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
I ponder the thought of living in Olympia Washington as well as Maine or Rhode Island........;]
LOL GO NITE NITE AND DONT GET GUM IN YA HAIR GOT TO STAY FLY
where r u located? I am in williamsburg va. Is that your scentsy mkt?
hey, dm me your number so I can text you the room number when I get it!
As someone who doesn't have HBO and has never seen an episode of Lena Dunham's "Girls," I've read way more about it than I should have.
Sell Google - Lot of Heat, Not Much Light
Oh yes! A fav - Is 56:1 Maintain justice and do what is right for my salvation is close at hand..righteousness..revealed.
Great morning so far! usually makes the Internet laugh (I can has cheezburger?) but today he made us think.
I need a vacation from this thing we call life
Great hustle by Brust there to get in position for the charge from across the lane.
inspiring presentation; thank you for sharing your story!
there really should be a shazam app for all things
Did cut his hair?
Just flew through 11/22/63 myself. Let me be another unafraid to praise the great Stephen King.
hi sweetie c:
If the grandfather of the grandfather of Jesus had known what was hidden within him, he would have stood humble and awe-struck b
Let's go tell them that
WONDERFUL opening night! I had a blast on that stage!
Time for another Hop On Top bar tab giveaway at Wolski's compliments of #chameleonbeer...Start trending and 1 lucky follower will win!
Closed today - Attending Lees Beer & Tequila Experience...
THANK YOU!!
I want to go out like Stephen saying, "Lord, receive my spirit."
It looks like there's MF cum on these jeans.
and you dropped a hashtag.
Greetings Dr. Eddy. Thank you for following. Thanks as well for lending and sharing your medical expertise. Best wishes always
Giving my eyes a break from contacts #glasses #foureyes (:
Datts why I stay to myself cause niggas do be bugging
You really need to try this thing! So tasty! RT Peanut butter oreo cheesecake? You're killin me here
Less flaky wi-fi in DC -- only half an hour before we start loading for the big flight
Omni, Driskill. Probably depends on your budget.
starbucks from my best friend makes for a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I mean I guess I'll live lol
I was already bummed about the debt crisis and the tragedy in Norway, but now that I'll never see Winehouse sing I'm deep in the doldrums...
Jay-Z announces "Budweiser Made in America" Fest for United Way Greater Philadelphia & Southern New Jersey
agreed. My Android is down to 65 percent battery . It's only 11:45
Maybe for Christmas I
Katy on bravo this Thursday can't wait
Great day of shooting with AAG Health today!..Picking up again next week to continue our shots..
Thanks! Strange that we wait so long for "experiences" isn't it?
Aug Sat 31 ’13 Biggie East, Little Big West, Jimmy Eat Revenue $7m
I know. Tell him I said hi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Getting notifications from ppl who u RT and feelinn sad :(
Thanks for the RT!
I love beets
Just looked at Slate. Format's annoying, but the exchange steers clear of pronouncements & so strikes me as more interesting.
life isn't well at the moment.. :(
Being ignored by people you care about. Thanks for showing me that u don't.
Whitney houston is dead.
Slakey's use of Joe Louis' quote is perfect: "You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough."
Last week I worked for Styx this week I work for Lyle Lovett ....
I'm officially an uncle
haha obviously you do!!! Want 230 more??? I can arrange that.
Thanks so much #guacstar RT : no problem..y'all have great food..!
My mom will always make the best pb&j sandwiches.
oh no.... were you bitten by a Microsoft employee?
Just redid my resume. I'd hire the shit out of me.
/// Honestly, you guys KNEW who was gonna fuck up tho...
yes! RT : What needs! RT : New Asian restaurant "Fresh 50" coming -> former Spinelli's -> Gay & High.
#obama looks more like Jimmy Carter every day. #Romney looks more like Reagan. Keep it up #obama2012 team.
you should tell your roomie to Fuck off, that sounds English as first language to me
When was the last time that you painted a wall?
when you talk to him tell him I said hey!
Hahaha its alright
#YoureTheReason why...i'm in love with u... <3 :3
Thanks to everyone who came out for Farragut North. Spring show announcement coming soon.
Today is a very special day for us . You gotta let love rule
In Cleveland where St. Pat's Day is huge, a parade and church services, and I have nothing green!
Didn't know it was sluttish to wear sweatpants
Manning jersey ftw
I'll DM it to you .
up alone. gotta go to sleep.
Just out here picking the range in a tornado. No big deal.
Y my lil sistah book tho she funny I died laughing
I can't wait for the other superhero movies! The #Avengers was amazing!
We touch I feel the rush...
enjoyed pitching #DEMO12. visit us in the pavilion: booth A2 to hear how we are making commercial real estate leasing easier.
hey its a song i found like way in 2008 i finnaly post one up
We stopped at Adrenaline Bikes in LA and they had an amazing selection of high end frames and bikes. Just look at the wall of eye candy!...
thas cool ;b
Jules I can use a hat as well, I play tennis outside year round, maybe a Giants Blue Hat :)
Giddy up!
that's cute of sugar
Some #40k fiends are down here playing! Come join in on the fun! Scream WAAAGGHHHH! and receive an additional 5% off your purchase!
So I doubt this Sandusky stuff will go away... Buy your favorite PSU fan a T-shirt for Christmas
Bed time :)
thanks for the follow pls check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
I want to see water for elephants!!
If it's the end, so so sad. RT : Mariano Rivera with torn ACL.
Had a conversation about Community at work. My boss continually referred to it as "Paint Ball School"
Mark Zuckerberg Remains the Undisputed Boss at Facebook
its soo annoying when people make conversations they had with someone as their Facebook status. lol
I've never been to Boots on a night where more than 3 people are here. STRANGEST DEMOGRAPHIC EVER.
Where is my biggest support base? Tweet "(Your State/Country) Loves Nicholas Tetreault" and I might just RT! ;)
No hangover after drinking a fifth of tequila last night. Yeah, ilk be drinking that everyday. Jose just became my new bestfriend.
"The world is divided into people who do things, and people who get the credit."
I'll actually be in your neighborhood tomorrow. Will bring the leftovers.
those are great shoes. I'm going to eastview tomorrow so expect pics :)
oh your going cause college cost...lol
happy, happy birthday, Mark. Get veronica to spoil you big time! Enjoy your day!
I went for Austin Peyton and Dylan and then met Cody
Did I just see the Newsroom dancing to #CallMeMaybe, vídeo to come!
#iUsedToLikeYouBut then you sucked
Oh, you and your *facts* ;)
you know what you never hear, too few black people
Your spirit is not your religion, but your open-hearted, true self -
anyone know how to correct my 2k twitter issue? I know have a little bit of time to fix it
"Some succeed because they are destined to. Others succeed because they are determined to.”
Just wrapping up the shoot with ! Tune to at 1:00 to see more!
Thanks for the shout out, we appreciate it!
I am such an Anglophile. Watching Touch of Frost on Netflix.
look for broken earrings or anything like that
ahahaha i be driving people!
Kid's sleepin' like a champ, which means I got a bit of paperwork done. Will he be still enough to allow the completion of an NEA app?
where u been head ain't seen u n a minute
“: It was our delight to interview you. Thank you for taking the time to share your wisdom”
When it's warm enough to go out in a dress and sandals>>>>>
No, but he most certainly does when your cat ruins your hot date by eating all of your lasagna©
Would I hate Prince Feilder if he wasn't a #brewer? Not sure.
Damn my uncle is connected my political career looks very promising after talking to him
will be teaching a memoir workshop abt what conditions make memoir possible. or impossible.
listening to my sister and her boyfriend fight.. or even talk for that matter ..is so mind numbing I think I get stupider
You're getting your panties in a wad because I retweeted something that I agreed with?You should look into getting thicker skin
i will never leave you ive been an enchancer since u were on the Ellen show...ENCHANCER 4 LIFE BABY:)
haha I'll sneak you in my suitcase!(:
Got an award for Language Arts:)
Going for an evening bike ride with the lovely Lani F down by the river. Looking forward for a cool glass of wine along the way.
Good Night Everyone! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
I'm bored.
Wow. Chelsea grab a goal at the very end of the fist half. Barca is gonna bring it now
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
off into the night!
I'm not giving up yet! I think if I try harder I may still be able to get a B in #JMS481. That's my goal, anyway.
I'm invited to celebrate persian new years. Where is persia?
Wait, I change my mind i want the Jets and the Broncos.
1st rate presentations by Speakers Boehner, Pelosi and Hastert at celebration of the bicentennial of Henry Clay's election as House Speaker.
break legs!
If you download the Justin.TV app you should be able to watch the streaming version on your iPhone now.
our friend Chanel le Meaux goes a lot on jazz nights, might see her sing.
Its only right ! ;)
Self-love seems so often unrequited. ~Anthony Powell
The birds sound lovely this morning.
if u gotta ask u already know
Dear coworker - your back issues are karma for how shitty you talk to your wife on the phone at work... where we can all hear you.
I've yelled out "Shh cats!" more than I ever thought possible in the last 4 hours. (not referring to the musical...)
it takes consistency.
OMG I love you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You are right on and so well spoken. I'm so behind you.
Everyone needs beauty as well as bread, places to play and pray, where nature heals and give strength to body and soul alike – John Muir
Chocolate Monkey rooibos tea blend by Art of Tea is just plain addicting!
And a scholarly paper I shall write.
RT : "Oh, I accidentally smoked crack with the piano player of this band on my 21st birthday."
First day at work went great today! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
sitting her bouncing my head 2 Jdawg the young hogg (^_^)/
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
Meanwhile, PHI-CHI is gonna come down to the wire. 74-73 #Bulls with over 3 min. left in the game.
I was drunk last night. I apologies for the spam.
Thanks for your order! We don't formally charge the CC until the order is submitted to & passes compliance. Sorry for confusion!
Today is going to be a good day, and nothing will bring me down.
I'm too nervous!!!!
forgot to tell you that Cam aka ( GAY) died yesterday! & Jacob buried him :(
Over $150 million for The movie is not starving anymore
my face is so fucking red. lmao.
RT Listening to lovely Cole Porter's song from 'Midnight in Paris' performed by Conal Fowkes. Damn spring, they're adorable. <U+2665>
RT : Letterman: "Cheney said he wants to live long enough to make sure nobody else gets health care."
STORY OF MY LIFE !
But for the record, already censored and removed my feedback
#nms30 This is great
It has been a great day thanks for response
No. Never saw it. I understand if you need to cut me off.
The Tupac hologram is insane
Lauren, I love you! Your so beautiful and your voice is so powerful!! Keep on sangin girl! :)
I did too. I would get looks of sympathy from people in traffic. They didn't understand that I was driving ironically.
i'm sexy and yes, i do know it.
Thank you!
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind to find out how you feel about me.
Usually reserve comment on coaching since, as fans, we don't get paid to make decisions. But, WOW! How do u not call a TO there?
What was once there can easily be gone!!!!
lol too funny how does he know who u r lol
On top of it I have work :(
OK, maybe Jim Johnson is going to come out and show if he's a closer now. Patton gives up gives up two-run home run to Willingham. 4-2.
That sounds wonderful! Wish I could go. :)
RT : If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!
ingrown nail on my clicking thumb
Next, I get six hours of sleep, then ride in a plane to Austin.
ha fa sho !
RT : #TheLastOfUs from #NaughtyDog looks amazing. Sony may have another hit on their hands
Just changed our background to the custom art created for 33 in Austin by the kickass Check it out!
You can sit on the sidelines or you can get into the ring. Our are choosing to fight back
congrats Royce!!
oh, thanks. I'll listen to that
rain rain rain rain
i always have to get revenge or else i wont feel satisfied Lol gotta get even, ya know?
So agree about other !
You comin to the show on Jan 28th yo?
Oldies music on the bus
make it nasty;)
Bikes, hopefully!
It’s thirsty Thursday folks! Happy hour 4-7. Get down to Brady Street!
Yay for you! AND yay for all the cool travel you have coming up. Have fun!
oh dear, for me it is
hahaha I think the concert we went to was Jay Es high point, he was like why make more music now that Zach and Shammas are fans.
He has inside jokes with people he has never met before, and has won awards on his game face alone.
Yep rockin' the Indy Mini Marathon Saturday!
hope to do so, see our site for more info, you can also apply once you register with us, let me know if you need anything
I almost just made a peanut butter and spaghetti sauce sandwich. Glad this week is ending.
you'll love it. Your time will come and when it does you better tell me about it.
Prime example on why idont like the police
Ice cream and Star Trek in bed is what.
that u in ya avi???
How can I make my site look the same in different versions of the same browser? My problem is w/ one image. Otherwise, everything works fine
“: A prostitute just waved at me.” That free wave was worth at least 10 bucks!
How the heck am I fitting work into this week!?
70 degrees at 6:30am in #roc reminds me of Louisiana mornings in ... January.
Shoutie?? I would appreciate it <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
with 'news' outlets like feax and cnn (aka controlled news network) can you blame us for seeking truly unbiased news?
To young! To die! To fast! To live! Comedy? Presents Variety comes to once again this Sat. December 10 @ 10:30 only $6! -A.M.
Who's Really Writing Your Friends' Facebook Updates? - BuzzFeed
RT : met u at can I get a RT? #tatted// awesome!
Really hoping and make it to the launch this Saturday! will be there too!
it is just now starting on TNT
I'll be following everyone who is following
: Wango Tango today...can't wait!!
Is it mean to name a dog "Taxi"?
oh wow when was this
Hehe, good thing you're home to take care of that lady.
NPR API pretty comprehensive from content through next steps
That scuffle was the most exciting thing I've seen in the last half hour.
Drawing to be on deadliest catch for a day?! Done and done.
I didn't know John Goodman was a sound mixer.
Pey Pey Pey! i'm here, could i get a follow back from you plz? :D <3 <3
It seems like Disney really shies away from full-frontal male nudity for some reason...
Pretty funny that H Rosen's gaffe (such as it is) is being used agst Obama, whom she vigorously opposed and has basically no connection to.
#mpmf We are going on in 20 at the Cincinnati club room!
is writing an essay for a scholarship...I need this one and a few others too!
He who is brave is free - Seneca.
Are you ready for the Broad Ripple #Art Fair in #Indy next weekend? Don't forget to stop by Marsh for your discount tix this week.
Just got up and getting dressed so I can head back to the hospital.... PRAYING FOR MY CUZZIN!!
Tyra banks and drake are dating? PAHAHA! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Say hello to my relatives in Svidník (and our family village of Hrabovcík, just outside Svidník.
lol thats what I have teddy bears for <3
Nielsen Data: In the week ending 1-7-12 #wines under $6 were up 2%, wines between $9-$12 were up over 10% and wines $20 and over were up 11%
hurry I'm dozing off :(
I am the Walrus... coo coo cachooo!
Dudar is back here didn't even travel. :-(
It helps in games where breaking down opponents defense is tough. If the regular isnt working, switching it up will give us an edge
@ @ I would say you are smoking crack if you support Barry Soetero.
Through our partnership with Hope Heart Institute & our Women’s Health offices, Franciscan will be at Tacoma Mall’s Mom’s Night Out on 5/10
just finished my last sociology test!! I hope I did good!
Everybody glad skool out???
Thank you, it was a good run though. Take care.
good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
- Tonight at #O'garas in St. Paul. 8:00 - The Adam Meckler Jazz Orchestra. See you there!
If your a guy and more then 75% of your pictures is the duck face, vete
Just started working on something very very exciting. Stay tuned.
idk its so expensive, its bs.
Mike Bend!!!! What dey do?!
lol potato couch xp
"There's no suing app on your iPhone."
THE CONCERT WAS AMAZING<3
Mark your calendar for #GAPreKWeek Oct 1-5. also celebrates 20 yrs serving kids and families this fall!
Jo and Laurie. I bawl every time they don't end up together.
English boys... Hello.
Aww, Big Hug Back, Thank You!(: <3
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth. -John Greenleaf Whittier
You forgot to schedule a few moments for quiet contemplation of Our Hero.
:( MineCraft is crashing! :( so i wont be posting anymore! :( but i have another game that ill be recording, should be funny!
Why is it when I don't have to up early I am?
Lesley, I love the Carrie Diaries feature!
Hey can you please follow me?!!:)
Cannot wait to see my mom tomorrow. I miss her like it's my first day of kindergarten all over again.
Love this #MaryMary show!!!!
I remember when you were a believer.
Book A Hd Video Shoot today
Off to Toronto!
Sounds like you're having a fun day on set...haha
Thanks...I wrote to her!
Argh! Laptop ran out of juice while I had a million applications open... Now it's taking over half an hour to restart. Trying not to scream.
Snuggled in bed for the night and ready to watch Chris Mann win
[Campus Bulletin] Quit procrastinating on Twitter and get to work! We need you to graduate so you can give us alumni donations one day.
It's Happy Hour tonight which means 20 extra points per item! And we have some Rose wine in the fridge... see you from 6pm to 8pm!
We hit 800 followers! Thanks to all our new followers!
Quote for the morning: "Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self." Jean-Luc
just because you like something somebody else does, doesnt make you a poser.
Fascinating comments by David Plouffe at the Richmond Forum-even more convinced of the genius of the Obama campaign.
RT : Enjoyed this AM listening to at the #HBATSMC. She has great energy & ideas! Thx to for making...
hope springs eternal
Hello! We just gave away the last pair this morning from F & G. Perhaps other of our radio personalities have more tickets.
So big time jealous that ms got to meet the sexy Laz Alonzo..!
Thanks!!! for the retweet for our free acting workshop
Tomorrow morning I will plaster a middle and upper school with giant post-its with open ended questions, to gather info from the students.
Is it just me, or is it wrong that only one company makes the game "monopoly"
We just hit 530 likes on facebook. I'm straight
becky can u do me a favor pls and get people to follow me so i can follow people bak cause i got to the following limit?<333
I'm sorry!! I agree let's plan a date!!
": Follow ! Don't block me, I'm already following you. xoxo" why would I do that?
That's what I expect from my trash. The highest quality...lol
Dont you love it how some little girl tweets Cody and tells him he doesnt notice them,so he RTs them? I tweet him every day and nothing...:P
Hehehehe, sucks for everyone taking the APUSH exam tomorrow morning! Alternate in two weeks!<.3
It's the time of the year when I worry the world is going to end. The have won more games than the
Within minutes of getting to the bookstore I had a dick in my ass. Damn good fuck too.
Smh my body hurt
that's what's up!! U gettin that early workout hell yeah!! Already got mine 2 :)
Finally done watching vinny and bianca's with alessandra ustream! Omg! So funny! The best one ever!! :D <3 SHOULDERSHINING! Like that?aha
Is your real name donya
Rupture playlist I WILL SURVIVE ....... LoL....
.. shut up. I don't live here. #StAlbans confuses me.
she's a hater
No Clint just told everyone to get off of their asses.
Feel like a fatty after that carnival food, D:
Never drink caffeine at 10pm...
So Frazier is on. And I left it on. And I laughed at it. What's the world coming to?
ABSOLUTLEY!! RT: “: BG, Will you be taking calls tomorrow morning to ask questions?”
We killed at the Muse!! Catch us next at VIP Rockstar Bar on Thursday November 4.
Storage WANs Present Optimization Challenges
Save the Date #Baltimore : $2 Crabs return to Tuesday's SHORE NIGHT April 24th! How old were you when you picked your 1st MD Blue Crab?
Shame on for putting personal politics before progressive change.
Somewhere, Shawn Green is golf clapping
Amazing how uses tech to involve volunteers. Shows strong link btwn great nonprofits & great volunteer engagement.
Interesting update from Mark Sniderman, EVP & Chief Policy Offier from the Federal Reserve Bank at the MAGNET Fall Mtg in Cleveland
I'm pregnant..
Hey thanks! And this is one big step to putting on free theater, music and art shows this summer down on the Pier!
4pm, 4 moving trucks and some amazing people later phase 1 complete! Thanks J&J moving, MICA fac man, !
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!
brunch with friends. Blood Caesars and fried stuff. yum.
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Today is the thirtieth anniversary of the Miracle on Ice. Do you remember it? Where were you?
she would be someone expected to attack black studies too
Be brave. Be bold. Listen to your heart.
I would rather not have free wifi at all than have free wifi with speeds of 56k. Seriously - this is 2009 isn't it?
Ceremony dedicating carving of #civilrights icon #RosaParks underway at
not possible!
Bay Area friends: if you have a lead on a "reasonably" priced apartment in SF or near downtown Oakland get in touch with me. Thanks.
you getting those Cavs 4's?!
Call me crazy, but I love hearing what Jimmy Lovine has to say every week. It seems like he usually says exactly what i'm thinking.
...and now Kathy is on twitter
its okay, I speak slurred words too.
Sex is always better when there's feeling's involved
Been outside for an hour total since Saturday cranking out a web upgrade for a client. oy. Time for some beautiful Colorado sun!
rt "A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow." Charlotte Brontë ....so thats why I'm still up
im up
I can't feel the left side of my face. Stressful thoughts been replaced w/ Henny & Jager man
Also, Indiana school zones are dumb. They shouldnt be all day long, kids should be in school, no need to.worry about one playing in traffic
I came up with the laziest Halloween costume idea: I'll dress up as my twin brother
I know! It was so sad!!:/
I went to a Disney Premiere & Playboy Mansion in the same day
I'm dead ass let yo side Line niggas n hoes know who own that
For my fans, the next megamix is almost ready. Need a few fine tuning on some transitions.
Tyler Dorsey Sedrick Barefield Kendall Small Marcus Lovett and many more this event will be loaded with talent thru out the West.
I want a mirror like that one me and was looking at that mirror would look good on my door since I don't have one in hear
Good morning world !!!!
Sweating at the Centennial Dog Park. Hopefully the Cooper monster will be nice and worn out.
"The question isn't 'Who is going to let me?' it's 'Who is going to stop me?'"
SELENATORS LOVE MANDY
ive been gudd! I miss ya goofy bad ass
small world...my dad went to eastern and I went to UK...were from Northern KY :)
ever since I met you, it hasnt been the same. All you've got me doing is drawing hearts around your name.
“ #Aries, #Leo and #Sagittarius' burning urge: to experience life adventurously and will full gusto.”
I decided you look well on me! ;)
A pick from #AaronRodgers?!?! I think the entire world just stopped. I've still got faith in my team.
No, I got that for assoc. builders & contractorsRT : wow, you really get $250 if you've never gotten in trouble ??
Listening to records and cracking up at OkCupid is the best! Especially when it's with
Baby had a great night of sleep so mommy and daddy did too!
I think I'm going to have to watch them both again tomorrow. I know I missed a ton because of laughing.
I haven't found mine
which one are u trying?
We did it last night...big
Ugh... dont freaking know what to do. #stressedout #alone!
FYI, if you have AT&T wireless unlimited minutes plan, it just dropped down $30 a month -- but you have to ask them to get that rate.
No user EVER asks what language a site is programmed in when they pay for something on a website.
When im older I want to to make a club for teens who are insecure about there bodies bc every girl needs to know they are beautiful :)
In the New Testament all Christians are referred to as saints. Are you a saint?
Tip #119: Poker is like MMA/boxing/golf. We need to out think/out maneuver/out execute our opponents to win.
I was just saying yesterday how I think marriage is mostly a lazy scam for gifts.
Well I just followed … she'll do fine. Think she's bigger than the show. Looking forward to what's next w her :)
Plus half way through writing it, 10 things would come out that could change your thoughts on the subject.
I LOVE my American made GM car!! Over 120 miles and only 1/4 tank of gas! #I<3USA
Which two teams played in the worst NCAA finals ever?
As the convicts were quickly marched back down the hot July roads to the Prison gates. The guards were celebrating like their team had won
I know.
will not touch this, but I can see the females coming 4 you...Ha! RT A period shouldn't stop anything but a sentence.
@ high growth status: new products, new customers, new energy communities, new initiatives, new hires, updated plans and a lot of innovation
that bad?
what time y'all heading to
'Two birds, one stone' type of quote haha
Belated good luck. So are you going to be a good lawyer or one of those bad ones? ;)
FYI - Sarah palin supporters trying to change Paul revere wikipedia entry to reflect her account of events
lol! Sucks you don't like her. I'm assuming you're not rooming with her next year though right?
I love my job at the golf course.. But I'll love it even more when the weather gets warmer..
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week.
i cant take it kno more! im CRYING cause u dog died i wat her to come bak!:'( </3 <3
when you stop arguing and admit you lost I'll stop :)
OMG, Mike Jackson- Heart Break hotel
if you're not driving for perfection, you can't pursue excellence.
Pretty disappointed in the new #Adele video. Missed opportunity to build off a gorgeous palette
that's boring at least make up something cool lol like say you just robbed a bank
Nice dunk by Harden!
thanks for retweeting the music man. How are you? It's been a while!
Since all of u slutz suk cock y not suk mine?
had to retweet the spoiler thing haven't read ALPHA yet hate spoilers
My girlfriend is very beautiful and the hardest worker I know
"The only way you can hurt the body is not use it." "Inactivity is the killer and, remember, it's never too late."Jack LaLanne
LOL That's a good way of looking at it! :)
Yo, I can work 'the Photoshop'. Just sayin...
We are quite flattered and thank you for the #ff! Cheers to the coming weekend!
I've lost about 10 pounds, starting losing when I cut out all grains and incr the coconut oil. Will do a results post soon!
#artpolitics questions start: how when and where can these modes of enunciation occur?
Spring break = 50 min away!
Go big and then go home.
My eyes are getting tired staring at the computer screen working 8-|
I wonder if not texting someone who you talk to a lot is a good hint for them to text you!? Or atleast to tell u what's up!!
Life is only tolerable at 4:45 am when one is flying to Florida. (currently -4 here 71 there)
i just realized Nathan from all-star weekend is following me(: wow.....
This has Caldwell written all over it.
I need some more Christian music to add to my running playlist. Anyone have suggestions with a fast beat?
of course
thanks beautiful!
shout out from the best accessories in the world
thanks.. Really enjoying the writing!
Site looks great. Nice work.
RT : Click full of killas please don't get us excited
New addiction...the Flipboard app on the iPhone.
then you obviously dont know me:) hehe.
Good morning everyone!!(:(: Hope you all have a fantastic day!!(:(:
I'll be home June 6!
only 2 slices, no pop & i haven't had pizza in ~ 2-3 months, only did 2 rounds, that's usually a 4 round fight
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Two steps forward, three steps back.
And thank you to everyone who wished me a happy Mother's Day. Super appreciated. My angel is not here in physical but always in spirit. :)
lol shut up
7 Holiday Beers on tap from Delirium,Evil Twin,Mikkeller,Ommegang and more. Also 15 bottled ones. Stop in soon and try them with friends!
Holy shit Patriots... you were my last hope...
Vanessa Wililams joins today to talk her crown scandal, divorces, molestation, abortion+more 1ET
why are ppl saying that Ne-Yo is Gay? Is he?
We have 6" of just a dusting of snow.
Any recommendations for all cotton (no stretch) women's jeans?
hope u had a safe flight
what kind of car are you looking for? I got a Honda Insight and I absolutely love it
We discussed today in our class today. is doing some really cool stuff with
: You'll note that I even prefaced my comment by saying, "I'm sorry." Then he took it to twitter. So tell me more about "tact."
havent been on twitter and tweeting since august. fail. fail. fail. love 's tweets tho! they make my day!
hell yeah!
We're a band from Pittsburgh just trying to meet some new people, and get our music out there! :)
New menu starts next week (Wednseday)! Last chance to get your favorite seasonal fare - come on in!
Aight im done with twitter for today
“Reading... a vacation for the mind....” -- Dave Barry
don't want to go to class and turn in an essay that i don't give a crap about. so done with school. so done with my major.
I can't fully complain, I have an ipod, but I'm 22
thanks for following... :)
im going to bed and i won the thing contest with my frind good night and i whent to sonic
So far, so good RT : We're monitoring the weather, but CF Gates are scheduled to open on time at 4:30
Gotta hear Champagne & Chickenheadz
Congratulations to the Latin American Youth center for their most successful fundraiser ever (tonight) at the Liasion. Go Lori Kaplan!
Hopefully writing the intro to this essay won't be to hard...
How is it not even finals week yet? I'm dying.
Haha Anthony #Weiner Twitter scandal is at #5... gave us all a laugh
We can't wait to share the Travaasa experience with you!
it's nothing. Baker Family helps each other out. All in love.
there wasn't one pic of the #1 team in the country.
“: How freaking rude.” Right?
JUST TALK 2 MY FAV CUZZ SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!
How much is the buffet?
Part 2. then at a later time if you have alliagator skin-apply ammonium lactate-something like AmLactin
Good pick Jiggy!
No problem! It's scheduled to go up on my blog later this month.
rep pin soccer gear? Love it!
what your insane
I am changing my user name to Eva Lardani !!!let's see if it works :)
who knows? you might get a higher grade than for doing the same thing #proffavorite?
Unfortunately no...we were sold out and had to say..."sorry, no room". RT Did the Prez stay with you when he was in town?
Looking forward to spinning with DJ Barbarella tonight at the Capitol Club
is it in HD on directv?
TEXT SPARTAN TO 31901 Thank You!
And go grocery shopping...(:
Just seen Manimal damn me for not saying Hello!
Robert Pattinson & Kristen Stewart Honeymoon Photos - BSCkids
Looks like it's business as usual #stlcardinals. Screw you Albert. Nobody needed you anyway! I hope you trip on a bat!
Happy Birthday, ! (:
what time do u work?.. trying to pick up for mike 1st
SO True~Enjoy the day!
Austin fundraiser declares "let's do it Austin!" in fundraiser for Mary Gonzalez (HD-75).
I'm so ready for this sausage race. I'm gonna shotgun a beer if I lose.
Eggplant parmesan is just a sneaky way to get you to eat eggplant.
I saw that and thought, HP = computers or Harry Potter? I was hoping it was the latter.
that's cool though. A tip if I may-- no matter what, end each sentence with "concordantly" and you will pass every class.
im in chicago.
Nash is a hellava offensive PG. But its 2 sides of the court. CP3 is just as good on the defense as he is on offense.
(1/6) Tumaini Publishing is very pleased to announce that Sue Shanahan will be our new Director of Marketing and Sales.
You haven't given voice to me.
Sometimes, parents can be buzz kills with sibling bonding.! -.-
RT Hug yourself for me
Order sent to Jessica in RI!
When will I be breaking it down?
Bahaha. RT : WAIT ONE SECOND. Bristol Palin is bashing the gays??? Cause she is totally the moral epicenter of family values.
Let your past make you better not bitter ;)
Get a Bucket of 4 PBR Tall Boys for only $10 today at Hi-Hat Garage! 1701 N Arlington Place
“: RT : hey dude, best restaurant in okc? (I like kaisers and mickey mantles)”
End of the #libraryschool semester and a three year old birthday party full of kids.. I am officially done.
"not hustling"
He who limps still walks.
": june 3rd"aww okay ima make sure I remember to say somethin to u on ur special day bae
Bitching about people's tweets is like going to a free show and booing. You don't have to be there and you don't have to follow them
me too
“: SUP BRUH?” don't be trying to steal my man Alyssa...
Someone on my bus asked "do you not want me to know something about you? ARE YOU PREGNANT?"
agreed! Twitter is amazingly reliable, tho. I've heard three different sirens now.
We need to work on getting that changed. Stat.
Excellent. If you have any more details, send them to . We'll start the search and be in touch soon!
you good?
Redeemed Girls, "Let yourselves be pulled into a way of life shaped by God's life, a life energetic & blazing with holiness."-1Peter 1:14-15
#1DUpAllNight Everything About You!!!!
that would be the bomb! i would surely be a roadie on that trip!
Two Dress Rehearsals left before the show opens on the 23rd! The last few days before a show are always a very exciting and chaotic time!
Will someone please direct me to whoever first decided to get up before noon? I'd like to beat the shit out of them.
thank u! Can't wait to see u Monday night!
Hiya pal! Glad you could make it, just starting!
Planning a trip to Dubrovnik and Split for early fall... Restaurants/wines/vineyards not to miss?
That a walk of Shame if I've ever heard of one lol
Great Clip from on #Austin #Rentals and #Apartment #Living! Is #Austin's Population really going to double in two years!?...
Love albums that can be played all the way through without skips, go buy This Is How I Feel by if you do too!
happy weekend! love SABRE x
very very true! Could always post some of your latest design work (when time allows, of course ;)
Is it just me or is #lockdown being booked backwards?
I think I could built a cellphone faster than customer service could transfer a number
NYC friends if you didn't catch me while I was in the big apple. I will be coming back in a few weeks:)
I'm ok. Ugh, can u believe that? I would love to see you tonight, u can fill me in on ur photoshoot!
I used to think there were only 6 colors,but my wife taught me stuff like peach & pumpkin are colors too. I still have no idea what Taupe is
I KNOW!!! what was shonda rhimes thinking, making me wait this long?
can we make a bet on this laker thunder game #cashmoney who else wants in
Why am I always sad and lonely??
Today is National Healthcare Decisions Day!!!!!!!
Money is the ruin of every relationship.
have TONS of fun!!
RT Let's go! RT-Follow for a chance to be this weeks TUNES Headphones winner!
In solidarity with our Bloomington brothers and sisters as they march and rally in support of immigrant rights. On the scene right now.
Oh and thank you for the doughnut Forgot to tweet that
choosing to get motivated this a.m :-)
#oomf turned soft. Smh. Pussy bitch.
hahaha.. I feel your pain!
sorry everyone's blasting you guys when it's 's servers that are crashing.
There are so many bees Around my patio...
Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. ~ E. Nightingale
#InstantTurnOn A tiny waste
I was wondering the same thing!
OH WOW Walking Dead season 3 is going to be amazing!!!! Big TWIST!
Prom Night. The only thing classy about it is the dresses. #Prom12 (; Lets get fucked up
I Lo led it before the game bro. I can not believe they blew that fucking game
lol nothing much in bed. Fix me sum breakfast lol
That's not a bad idea. We could use someone like you.
Sole my mom-n-law barely heard your song "My lil Angel" and loved it ... maga'o le makua palagi lau pese ...
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 57
I can't believe #LAkers getting beat like this ... #FIRSTTAKE was comparing kobe and #jordan - MJ would never let this happen 23 >
text me back!!!
Great films last night at ! Excited to see Cotton Road this afternoon.
*TODAY-ONLY*Purchase Instant Tans 5 for $65 or 10 for $99! Buy ANY LOTION over $75 and get 5 FREE TANS! MEMBERS can buy a HP/HY TAN for $5!
Question: does that mean those Fire players are suspended for this weekends match?“ Chicago earned two red cards.”
but of course you know football is #1 right?
Happy birthday to my dog, Hector!
RT Frequently remind readers that climate change is only a theory, like cell theory, kinetic theory and theory of gravity.
*backs up car* "Just in case Jim & Diane wanna pull into the driveway"
Looking forward to some modern cuisine talk tonight. My mind is starving!
so goes "oh this smells" as he proceeds to put the smelly thing in my face.
-.- You are freaking rude. Sit down.
Very much so! Thank you.
Time to party hard....Happy Birthday!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
For sure dog and you've got to be there for 2.0 all digital marketing event
“: why do you like the NBA?” my baby bro collected bball cards-never missed watching the play games
Keep it movin, keep it keep it movin.
I have two bottles of liquor in my trunk but no umbrella...Wtf!
Sample sale mode RT : The Alchemist at The Webster like two kids in a candy store
i have to go! bye everyone i love u !
Had the #waterwhip out yesterday. I need more weight and a brain. The water was 60 and I was
i think it's a worthwhile way to connect - just another tool, and not something u have to check all the time.
Ok so see u out soon :) RT : Yeah and more to come...hibernation officially over!
you're courting the collapse of the strap-on industry. It can't survive on pegging alone.
Beef o Brady's buffalo wrap and a McDonald's Sprite. I'm set.
I was in Zumba and we were doing this grind routine and after i did it everybody said they was gonna have to watch me lol
MOOOOOOROOOO!!!!! Wait, don't stop.....
Speaking of Killing it, are you following Dexter? More More Morgan. Send me to the morgue. I'm dying to know what happens.
we will be back soon son !!! i promise
'Ol Lee wasn't known for being the sharpest knife in the drawer at Lakewood.
we're all on drugs.
-- is better than all those for tracking references to anything.
Enter to win FREE Holiday World tickets by going to gotheredothis.com and sign up for our newsletter!!!
Making moves!!
Be sure to watch Gossip Girl tonight for Lady Gaga and Ioki Karaoke ad
It's been April for three days and I'm already at my NYT article quota for the month!
Which is not to say that the enforced transparently insincere hyperactive chirpy obsequiousness of corporate customer service is preferable.
Thanks! I was sorry to miss out. I think we're on the mend...
Hi Friend
of COURSE! We'll be partying with you guys all day - we can't wait :)
Yum. Entire packet of mentos g.o.n.e.
Thanks to our network for the great thoughts on the contract position we're looking to fill for one of our clients. Much appreciated!
DEFINITION: Rocket Risk (n): Not knowing the "how" but doing it anyway. "Take a Rocket Risk today"
best tweet all day lol “: Automatic toilets are the dumbest invention ever. They have terrible timing and they splash #gross”
Will we hit 550 likes tonight? I have some more games to giveaway. Let me know!
idgaf is taco bell uses real meat or not. its fucking delicious
Freaking out because I just completed "Run as One" and my race results (and my friends results) are NOT there. Help me
“: The Trunk RT : Which seat should Rebecca Black take??”
Why was Justin bieber with Floyd mayweather? Now I want manny to beat him down even more
Kalon the helicopter guy is a liar and a fraud and a narcissist. Mark my words!
Well, I know "my" #karaoke song now, and for good or ill, it's #JoyDivision's "Transmission." Party time!
i love u JB I can not wait to meet you
Why do they hate on you so much?
Ponder: The 19th century is over. We've got to recognize unless we fix problem, 21st century is going to bury us.
just watched the last song was bawling 4 hours,,, didnt no i was so emotional
Uggie, canine movie star, to &#39;write&#39; book
Why can't we have a halftime show with just Cee-lo?
Thanks for the suggestion!
Best way to insulate a Faraday cage?
Always YES! RT : Decisions... decisions. Help a girl out: Yes or No?
I know. Me too, but it's for a good reason. There will be more. Save the ones you think are 'me' and we'll do them in June!
Damn my show on! I love Looney Tunes!
I remember I went on a date high ass hell off some bars lol
Sounds good, will do. I know we'll be at LAX Saturday and The Bank Sunday for a bit, but might relocate afterwards.
Prank Phone Calls at 3am. Wonder who it could be?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
Shorter lines at the bar and more silent auction valets in the Akeley Wing (Elephant room)!
It's becoming a problem for me lately. I feel like I'm not dedicating myself to anything *enough. *whatever that means
I think Cody should date Kylie !!!! They'd be so cute together !!!!!!!!!!!
What are you looking for in study abroad programs??
I actually read all three books. I hope you enjoyed the first!
After hitting 100 followers it fells almost impossible to hit 150 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
tough to not see the game. thank you Tweeps for keeping us out of towners updated!
Awesome, Bryan! RT : I'm anchoring Today with Diana Pierce today! Tune in if you have some time over lunch.
#Weliveinaworldthat foreclosure's keep happening, and we can help you through it
Frustrated with FOIA. Recent request rejected on Exemption 5 grounds. Can anyone w/ expertise help advise on appealing the rejection?
I need some #Cheap #screenprinting done in #Atlanta 3-4 prototype shirts I need them completed by tuesday night!!! RT
I want a baby turtle in my life and name it Timmy Jr.
Great post-- and you're not the only one who still looks forward to first-day-of-school clothes shopping!
Goin to a romantic dinner, the door opens, heated seats, soft music, champagne toast, all attention on your Valentine. Reserve your ride
You're a modern household!
send me ya email...so i can send u sum
today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is youer than you
oh, it breaks my heart. but all i can do is write these letters to you, but there's no address in the stars..
Oh ok cool. Just checking up, no cheating :) just kidding.... Any bets on how long everyone can last???? just kidding....
What's a good pick for dinner out in Downtown Indy tonight?
I'm frustrated. I want friends and coffee, but that is clearly not happening soon. Unrelated: Twitter is Dead.
Hey Hollywood - why no Bobby Fuller movie? He fought the law and the gasoline can shoved down his throat won. Great music too.
The joys of business travel => jet lag + incompetent concierge + lost booking + bad-attitude-manager realizing this American speaks French!
Whoever invented school, need to get socked the fuck out by me >_<
they're playing great!
As long as you got nothing to hide..
I Guess I'll Start On This Homework Now >_<
Come down to Chef Geoff's Downtown and watch ALL of your favorite MLB games!!
First a brown out, then 3 days of very spotty internet, and now some very uncooperative electronics... are the sun storms the culprit?
omg tomarrow is friday and i am so happy 3 day weekend
Rick Siskey - An average concept with great management will beat a great concept with average management.
Wow,if Murdock can be US senator after just three years as a STATE treasurer then I wanna be able to run in the next election #Seriously?
looks right to me, Gary! :)
Nautical accessories > your style
You might look at me and think "Damn she's ALWAYS smiling." Take a closer look. You'll see so many cut marks. Carved words. And scars.</3
SUCH a good book!
signed, salty heat fan
If you are in the Chula Vista or IB area then you should get to where we will be and try some. It is really great
I want to do something awesome for my bff and you play a big part in it. Follow me and I'll dm you my secret plan.
My formula for sinus infections: Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup, Gatorade, Coca Cola (to clear out throat drainage.)
promote the live battles Holmes!
that might be it but they have two good leftys so idk but the one throws hard
There are about 3 people that I work with that I am convinced NEVER SHUT THEIR FUCKING MOUTHS. Is it wrong to hope they lose their voice?
Tennessee Legislature will soon be able to get money from insurance companies. Influence peddling will soon be rampant . People lose again.
yea I'm working i haven't left the city since they're other day
Going to see "Ghost Brothers of Darkland County," written by Stephen King and John Mellencamp.
I cant stand a selective few people
Oh. My. Third feeling of deja vu here at code4lib. Eerie.
What is one item that you would like to receive for Christmas?
Want To Beat The Mother's Day Rush this Sunday? You & your special lady can join us for Brunch this Saturday. Call us now at 410-522-1907!
First year of college over
JUST GOT HOME FROM A BEACH SHOOT. WAVES KICKED ME ASS GOT MY WEAVE WET.. THANK U GOD FOR INDIAN HAIR
then sense my fear lol
I KNOW YOU LIKE IT.
Are you a level 5 leader? If not get busy!
Twitter API why must you be such a pain in my ass.
or like that some1 liked your status hahaha
Flowers from Dior HQ to Haider Ackerman? In the face of Raf Simons being dismissed from Jil Sanders?
I'm beyond done with drama. Can't we just be civil adults and move on?
Follow back ? ;)
The unconditional love of a formerly feral cat heals so many ills that the day deals out.
OMG, the distinguished writer James Fallows is following me on Twitter. Now he'll know what an empty-headed twit I really am. Sigh.
Last time it rained we all caught the plague.
People are assholes!! Seriously, everything is NOT my fault!! Crazy patient!! Gah
Off to get music and a new guitar! Yay!
hubby's arrival is late tonight. a couple of ritz, a bit of vermont white cheddar and a sip of trappist ale to tide me over.
Nice class (actually a little tough, but much needed.)
that's the problem with hired help. they'll work for anyone.
i thought everything was going well…. I guess not. have a good night.
I do too! They're filling up my feed nicely. I especially love how it looks in Tweetdeck w/the BW UI. It's 5pm somewhere.
grading, eating, Flying Bison Aviator Red.
whoops! i was going to write to you about other paragraph level commenting systems but included you in the wrong tweet.
mission accomplished. woke up with unknown numbers in my phone
I know everyone says it, but just be yourself.
Myspace= Meet new friends and connect with people who share the same intererests. Facebook= lets you connect with people you already know
Sometimes life is hard, but ALWAYS, God is good!
My eyes have been burning all day.
but the C's weren't smashed. Difference was only 1 point. Those lakers though...
waaaaah you're mean :''(
RT : Think you can't find time for a workout? Try these tips for incorporating fitness into even the busiest of days:...
Listening to all acoustic Outstanding
post really resonated w me-tough week in clinic. Cant save all 7 year olds but I'm going to keep trying! huff.to/vr7Tx8
#9RoundMinute 20 Plank Up-Downs followed with a 30-sec Plank. Keep those abs tight and get after it!!
Ask me more about text messaging sales, social media marketing, & app building.
Now that's the kind of sports drama you can't script. Congrats ManCity.
I Cried When Jo left Kendall all alone and went to New Zealand...I still do:(
2 essay questions done, 3 to go
My Twitter is so slow, you made the joke before I been asked. Clearly, it's just too early for *me*.
Silly rabbit....Tweets are for freaks
umm so excited for to open!
omg your so lucky we have 16 more days -_-
GUESS WHAT AUSTIN!!!!!! TOMORROW IS THE DAY!!!! #YEEE R U NERVOUS!!??
your videos are amazing please make new one soon ! (:
Speaking to UK Alumni in Frankfort tonight about Big Blue Sports Archive. I have a great job!
i thought my computers color settings were messed up when i saw tan mom's picture :( !!!
I have Xavier in this game, but the refs ABSOLUTELY cannot be making that call. Wow. Atrocious.
Cot damn Jehovah witnesses are on the prowl today....man,go that away <<<<<<<< with that mess
I think the new indication of a good evening is how much battery life your phone has at the end of it
Democrats and moderate independents don't forget to vote
The time we spent together I didn't want it to end but all guud things come to an end
It's my birthday tomorrow. c:
dude. he stung me on the side of my ribcage! that bitch was all up in my business. i wasn't even trying to step on him.
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves
Well, I no longer have a reason to watch American Idol now that Elise is gone. America, you suck at realizing real talent.
Love how a turkey just walked out into the street on the way to work. Some things u just don't expect to see in the hood.
My last moments spent with my loved ones
Naming yourself Metta World Peace is dumb enough, but acting like a complete idiot on the court makes it even worse.
Brady to woodhead.. I dig!
Life is like photography, you develop from the negatives <3
Love the all black unis Terps!
hash tag sad
Lol Pablo this is perfect “: it hurt me a little just reading this...”
RT : Primrose (downtown's wine boutique) is expanding--they'll start remodeling the shop next door, will add a full kitchen.
Mr. Romney, Banks are not people! & They don't get scared! People who can't make their payments are scared and don't make $40+ million a yr!
Why must my digital imagery teacher bring her dog to school? I don't know...
Wow, it's 72 out there. This definitely calls for an outdoor lunchtime walk.
Your a regular bitch that does regular shit
Where is #sandiego is still serving food?!
#Sanford Comm. Randy Jones: "Next person who comes into this town wanting 15 minutes of fame should be shown the finger and shown the door"
Love the office.wasnt sure I would without Michael but its still great I do miss him tho
It's kinda like going back to language X once you learn and enjoy shiny language Z. I didn't spend $1000+ for my bed though. :)
right on my bro... we gotta paint some time ..stay fresh g
HIT ME UP WITH ONE OF THOSE!!!!!!
The games in vegas have dried up quite a bit since a few years ago. So many games i sit in are nit fest. I like afternoon-midnight to play..
#IamAStanBecause He told us to be ourselves
care to lend me some of that energy?
Higher air fares and more mergers? - CNN
#markzuckerberg the iPhone app is really bumming me out. Slow, crashing -- please improve the #mobile experience.
I always wondered why I would get shot at every time I wore a hoodie?! Thanks, Geraldo Rivera!
Which of his works were you reading?
Baby and car have been found - Baby is OK!!
Should not be awake. But that dog... Cafe du Soleil, library, and then my love returns from wknd debauchery aka bachelor party in Reno.
NEITHER CAN I :)
is there a shazaam for your face?
Happy Birthday Unicorn Power!
Ann Romney was either afraid of "nice guy" Mitt or didn't care when he abused Seamus
monday morning drive to the swamps.
...you know what? our staff RULES. they work their asses off and we love them to bits <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
yep. In Chicago.
“Performance Support is the discipline that harnesses informal learning and makes it intentional.”
no doubt it's gotta be will ferrell hands down.
awesome was it yummy ? Yeah had a great day it was really beautiful here today :)
It's 11:31pm on a school night..and I'm up writing poetry.
Album Sales: Carrie Underwood stays put at No. 1, Adele gets a big Mother’s Day boost
lol yes I've already seen it haha. and why were you at the theaters then?
you sound like the way I feel right now in the 4th QTR in CHEMISTRY - You might be on to something - thnx for info and Good Luck!
cause u guys are sikkkkk
PS - Mention that you saw the ad to take advantage of this Daily Deal from HT LA!
This sounds dangerous and I'm likely to concur.
here comes the bombing??
Would love to see authors/publishers require citations for illustrations. Too many publications only have inst. name listed
Yep, dropping of my Walkman too! They keep calling about it!
lol at that rhyme :D
Priceless!! #LionelRichieHSN free concert on FB. It can't get any better than this!!
I got my XC skis ready and am hoping to get out after the expected cold front has gone through, so perhaps on Sunday.
; "I don't see you laugh.. You don't call me back .. But you kiss me when you're drunk .."
what u doin
yeah. I can't wait until LTE iPhone.
Thinking of my former colleagues as they contend with this F18 jet crash.
Only reason my azz on twitter cause we have no power at work....
It's important to begin a search on a full stomach. ~Henry Bromel
word on the street is that is coming up with excuses for her impending absence next week....
- he dribbles way, way, way too much. You are a PG, pass the f-ing ball.
Jeremy Lin has given hope to Knicks nation unlike anyone since Ewing. Crazy.
Happy Lei Day sista. Much aloha to you and yours.
Happy LAZY Day! We're open this evening & will tomorrow at 7. Don't forget to have your car off the street before AM pre-parade towing.
I'm so excited for prom tomorrow I wont be able to sleep tonight. SO FREAKING EXCITED!
Gr8! Look fwd 2 having u! Thx 4 spreading the word! RT : Just signed up this morning, and am spamming my social netw
Follow me l follow back mwa :)
It's that time! #NASCAR in #GABP #Reds going to be a great evening of sports!
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP TALKING ABOUT #LIN 24/7, I would really like to turn #espn on and NOT only hear about him..!
#IfIHadThePower to turn anything into food I think i'd faint from how happy i'd be..and i'd make food for the poor and homeless in the world
Ugh gotta go to work at 5am tomorrow!!
RT : Amy's gone and left the bar in my hands until 9. I have some 151 and a lighter. Who wants to see some fire tricks?
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 71
sounds like Lance. It's probably good for Maggie they don't live in Alaska.
Was all ready to purchase Minimal Pair academy when I noticed the references are wrong, It's Barlow & Gierut not Geritud.
Just woke up to uneaten Wings Over in front of me and a ketchup bottle in my bed
Just my luck. He's camping, his phone died, and he doesn't have a charger. Urrgg.
Back from da beach with a nice tan. :)
Fingers crossed for you!
Hard day at work today, especially to the ego. Glad to have some personal achievements to fall back on.
Send me an Honest DM someone.
Great day at the exhibit at #AAAS2012. Enjoyed the poetry reading! We hope to see even more people tomorrow.
can I get that autographed copy?
Have to watch replay ... but whither Gemologist?
Right. That's why I gravitate toward things you can play w/2 and that Amber will like. Thus, the heavy Euros drop out.
Caution: A1 Gilbert is an answering service to be avoided. Very poor service at any price. Any reccomendations for a new service? Thanks!
Show at the Smiling Moose on April 7th!!
Crap. I was really looking forward to the sequel to SHADOW AND BONE.
Ya but he's sleeping lol
More pounding of pavement for kitchen jobs ...
#sincity #industrynight at Marquee groups of hotties meet at
Hey! Might hit you up on that. I've been wishing I had a poetry group to share and discuss things with.
Would you rather have cold pizza on a hot day, or hot pizza on a cold day?
Watching the Stanley Cup with 's peeps.
Maru Maki for old times sake, yeah buddy!!! Let's go next week. I'll be in LB tomorrow, but with family.
ZICO Chocolate is crowned 2011 Product of the Year!!
Hiya Wes!
have u hear Mercy?
No tech? Start with the parents and show them what others are doing with tech and libraries
Sit on my face let me suck ur pear I grab on ur right tite while yu stick 2 my face damn baby yu tired I love 2 dream so sleep after a kiss
Laugh now, ima make you cry later.
If you're a bird, I'm a bird. <3
starving but to lazy to make anything :(
hahaha ok.. Ripping some shots on the nets
Put Your Pink Champagne Up On HoneyMoon Avenue.Hey Ya Ya.Sing it if your with me.<3
lol id rather for it to be one direction :)
SORRY DAD
The last 21 entries on my TL are all about the I either need to follow a wider variety or Coach Boyle has this thing rolling!
Tks for the follow!
No content yet. But the look & feel of my website is coming along. Should be finished this weekend. #i'msoproudofme
My tooth feels loose. I have a Dr's appt, in two weeks. Will I make it?
I'm money hungry today. Been up since 7 stacking grass .. Going back out in an hour to make some quick cash #chaching mufugga
Yes! RT Me three! RT Me too! RT Hey let's go single sort! I'm ready to mix it up
thoroughly enjoyed ourselves..the layout made it feel like 5 parties in 1..great job guys..cheers!
dude he's not even injured his arm isn't broke dude its a show duh smh idk why u keep believing his arm is broke
I have just started watching Portlandia!!!!
Just saw Ald. Bridget Maniaci throw a glass across Carroll St. Shattered.
Watching Breaking Dawn, Part 1 for the #HowDidThisGetMade podcast. How did a Team Jacob ever exist? The guy's a douche in wolf's clothing.
I agree! The bitterness of the dark chocolate doesn't play well with the peanut butter filling.
FINALLY broke a million points on
thanks for that!
RT : name change alert! Seattle Collaborative Space Alliance formerly
RT : Hey, , maybe mike? <-- which mike ?RT : IM LOOKING FOR SECURITY (BOUNCERS)
Great, thanks. Will do it now.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Thor was super good-looking! The movie was good, too. As for Spiderman...the first one was good.
I just left class & Pastor said it was both. What's your source? I forgot to ask his.... No challenge, just comparing notes
I wish I knew how you felt about me.
I dug it, but, yeah, I definitely didn't get 60-70% of it.
Spam tweets are lame.
oh you're right. I completely forgot to check that. I'll try again ASAP.
my bun today is BEYOND.
i have a date on saturday and im nervous! cuz i have a feeling imma be stood up lol
Thx to and for a fun and fabulous Fancy Nancy Adventure by the Book!
Damn my man is so damn Cocky on the records he puts down smh lol... N he has every Reason to b ...
packer fans got to stick together
it picked up 9 shows so I wouldn't call that hating its pilots
I'll be there soon. Break a leg!
Lakefront Brewery tonight is going to be a train wreck meets fish fry
not right handed guys he is better than kearns and laporta
lol maybe they'll change their minds when you move out. My parents started spoiling the dog when I did. ;)
Your whole idea about yourself is borrowed-- borrowed from those who have no idea of who they are themselves." — Osho
It's too cold to be working...or perhaps we should say the cold is keeping people from visiting us.
my hobby? Um. Well I love hanging out with my friends!(: haha how about you?
We send our deepest condolences to the family of Joanna Ramos who needlessly lost her life on Friday.
CANT WAIT TILL i go from this place i love my life and my family :)
Note to self, car will not move in neutral.
Up to 51M people in multigenerational households - grandparents, their adult children, youth, children. Lousy economy and unemployment.
Do not let your #mouth over exceed your actions...
Problem #NSTIC-MIT is trying to solve: 1) usernames & passwords are broken; 2) identities are difficult to verify; 3) privacy is hard.
#wiunion, thanks for help - found a way to get my son here.
Chuy's with
Staying late getting it in
Live tweeting from London at #iqpc & presenting soon, discussing tension between us courts and international data privacy ^CC
I have long hair parted in the middle. I listen to YouTube music. I love flowy shit. Indie Music. <U+2665> I am not a Hipster.
Finished my doctor visits; going to make one final check of job market in Tenn, then move back East, if it fails.
We already have ski slopes open here in CO and have had snow.
#HappyBirthdayRebecca You are the best daughter any mother could ever ask for! I LOVE YOU!
Quickbooks for Intermediate May 22/9am. Current users will enhance skills and find new ways to utilize the software more efficiently.
Wow been a while since I was in a room with heavy startup vibe liking it...
You didn't eat because you thought you'd vomit in 1-on -s? We're not THAT intimidating! BTW want to read RENEGADE kthx.
Liquor makes you pee alot
Hey josh u got my daighter riled up she can destroy a vball and has nicer hair
did you gain.
Thanks! We love a lot of Chicago artists, and try to keep up with what's going on there, maybe that contributed.
you could have drafted all of FC Barcelona, still won't add silverware to your cabinet. ;)
It is a rare thing, graciousness. The shape of it can be acquired, but not , I think, the substance. ~ Gertrude Schweitzer
That's so great! I'm glad to be following you too.
1:10PM in Royal Oak. Big fan of reserved seating at Emagine...
Washington is so weird. Also, super Republicans are crazy. That is all.
#vegan banana peanut butter cupcakes in the house! At eastside!
Tweets with no more information than "I am place" are starting to drive me crazy
I'm gonna start unfollowing people! If u wanna be followed, at reply me! Otherwise: it's been nice knowing ya!
You're welcome!!Enjoy Jazz in Marciac!!
Back from a fun ipal day! Glad to reconnect with those I haven't seen in a while and good to hear what those who gave presos have been up to
lol But he can! I wouldn't put that passed Wookie after finding that soap in my shoe...
I'm waiting
Maraschino cherry brownies today! Delicious. 2wo for $6 Beef, and Polish Beef
Detecting Menopause By Testing
too tired/cranky for homework tonight. I'm allowed a break, right? It IS Friday night, after all.
Lol bitch niggas kill me but dey say females da ones got issues #wrong!!!!!
The Man, The Myth, The Legend, The inspiration for Ron Burgundy
it happens. #lifeistuff for us regular folk. I just want to win millions on the derby sat. So I don't have to work as hard
Couch. Blanket. Kind of Blue.
#SadMomentWhen you realize that even though you thought liberal arts was a good college major, it's not
Why are you hating on Jax tonight?
the wanker also got my Tullys card and apparently doesn't like going there ;)
#8 Bro, temptation is going to come but it's up to U to frantically search for the way out! #GodlyBroTips #BroTips 1Cor 10:13
Saddened to hear about the passing of Charles Wells. He was a passionate advocate of the Dem Party and the working people of KY.
they're loosing 11-0, top of the 5th.
my thoughts have not been deep in a while
Thru the storm thru the rain I'm still grateful thru da pain
This cute boy with a white sox hat on my train >>>>
We just hit 50 Likes! In just under 2 days, you guys are awesome!
Fudging FUDGE
Follow me I'll follow back I don't care who you are
Blocked angah . He is too idiot to be on my list .
do you have the book?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> if so can I borrow it?!!
Hydration is soo key right now.
ONLY 6 MORE DAYS UNTIL FRIDAY!!!!
"Human capital is the future of philanthropy" at Crowdsourcing Human and Monetary Capital for Social Impact
so exhausted.
Was it because you have a tendency of getting awkward or was it because he rested his hand on your back in a pedo way.
Yaaayy have fun and be safe!!!!!
That's a great thing to be pissed off for - right now I'm pissed off for a good bacon egg sandwich!
I'm trying to make the goose bumps on your inner thigh show...
RT Do tall people have feelings?
but doesn't it make you crazy when you throw out weeks of tested code because you find a better way?
I wish we could take cute couple pictures :/
RT Off to go exercise & then visit my niece which is equivalent to losing 2,000 calories. O_o
salty as fries got my lips num
its an app
Don't wanna go to the funeral tomorrow smelling like alcohol.
I was happy low key
So snarky comments are common on Twitter? I guess I follow the nice & well-behaved types. Thank you for your civility!
I'm All Late
WILL TODAY BE THE DAY I GET FOLLOWED BY A GENTLEMAN? I DON'T CARE IF HES AUSTRAILLIAN(;<3333
President Obama makes a statement in Rose Garden of White House @ 1215pm ... expected to address budget & call for firing of
:L Is it Steph or Emma? Jtlyk...I LOVE Cody's music. I was just listening to one of his songs.
Yeah, That's My Home.
adult swim is ZONIN ME OUT!
I'm taking the SAT May 5th & I don't know what SAT stands for
I tried!!!
It makes me wonder if they have heard of #MySpace. That was a
Just got back to West Palm Beach and the weather is back to normal
Thinks I look Like Laprus lmao[x
That surprised me as well. I thought she was 30 or so.
CREDITCRAZE101 will assist with your personalized credit repair and detailed credit education
Ever since retweeted about using Heffe filter on iPhone screenshots it's been my default filter for that use case
is still trying to figure out what to give up for Lent! Hm?!
I'm very pleased to announce that the incredible Jon Auer will be joining us for Radiohead! Three words: Fake. Plastic. Trees.
Can't wait to perfect the process and nail it next time. Better communication, different email lists, instructions for when things go wrong.
I love black people. <U+2764>
Welcome Back... Looking forward to the live broadcast tomorrow afternoon.
Good Night guys :) Love ya <3
no problem
Today's it's RT's are about NYS Writer Hall of Fame Honoree Edna St. Vincent Millay Also please follow
when im signing autographs instead of just my name and a star im going to put my name a star asnd this =D
Saving $$ In Ottawa: Ottawa Grocery Deals &amp; Linked Coupon Match ...
Really tempted to stop tweeting related to the NFL/my job, just start tweeting old, random Jadakiss lyrics that pop into my head. Yay/nay?
ATTD is on the move up 13%
Two days before my show goes up... Ah!!
if any of the team is there. ;)
good news is that Todd Helton is left-handed and Javier Lopez is throwing well anoche
Will do! Sad I can't make it to the event BUT I'm looking forward to this graduation/bday/mothers day weekend w/ the family!
My sister spilled milk all over my bed -___-
I didnt know u were at work doe
I think we deserve 6 points for the last shot.
RT - We're debating the fantasy merits of Miami Dolphins running backs. Total nerds.
I miss you too...Zolanski?! Lol. I just said to my bro "U didn't see anything" so I thought of u!
The Beach Boys sure look, uh, old. I'm scared someone is gonna get hurt.
"I don't see them with my eyes. I see them with my spirit"- Beatrice from Uganda
True: I was in Norway before broadband, and a lot of perception of the US was based on Baywatch.
NOLA is such a beautiful city. We can't wait to get there.
I don't know if I would call listening to The Chipmunks 'living'.
Just spoke with a costume designer who said some designers are having costumes made in China for the shows.What a disgrace.support made USA
I kinda just wanna sleep since I have nothing to do today..
the Apollo Theater Education Program's having great discussions with educators at booth 814 at
At this point, all I can do is pray because I've done everything God has allowed me to do in order to prepare. 14 hours of strict studying
I love weed. Nuff said.
Thank you! Can't wait to meet you all :)
yes like a Jedi - padawan relationship
Proud of you Z.... That's what's upp
Waiters at texas roadhouse>>>>>
Yeah, the one-after-another-after-another effect is stunning. Those were Boston fans, right?
i would just like to say. we're all counting on you.
RT : "survived" is a loose term ;) Tell them the fierce work will be worth it! I have only fond memories of #J202<-warms KC heart!
Of course it's real... it's on the internet, isn't it? (Okay, so maybe it's fake.)
less than five. <5 hope u had fun! :)
What a difference a second-half makes.
thanks so much for your business! Mattrezzz Guys got their first official twitter customer today...thanks again!
HAPPY FACE :) <3
hahah i can't even get a million. my life is such a struggle
I have a short attention span - I lose interest 2 quickk!!
honestly that looks more like a retarded rooster trying to fly... just saying..
Only positive to say about today. Is next year will have same girls, same team, and experience. Next year should be a cake walk.
can't believe this Orange Micro FireWire > SCSI adaptor actually worked, and is now browsing a SyQuest 270 cartridge from 1995.
YOU GOT THIS!!! Good luck <4
Judge Saragoza should send Mayweather to jail now. No definite fight scheduled. He's still searching 4 opponent.
lol is that an Anne Coulter quote? Or just someone who is a complete imbecile.
It was like, "Damn. We _just_ got thru all of the lace jokes!"
Hosting a private limo bus wine tour to Seneca Lake!
Sending out sympathetic good wishes to my library friends at Harvard.
that boredom and also hurts my head a little: P the thing is I do not want to leave the computer hahaahahaha
RT If you need Maguire's Meatloaf today!
Master P Look Different & Ths Moviee!
I hear you're a ray of sunshine!!!
I'm going to hurt you?
I mean, with a smile, but whatev
One quarter does not a season make, but so, far so good!!
Despite being Mid South's biggest star, JYD was kept away from the N. A. title for 2 years. In 82, that changed.
mehhh that's so much work. i prefer the hiccups rather than getting up for more pillows to prevent them haha.
did a few HCIHs today out on campus, saved a woman from a accident, talked with some staff
gang gang gang gang yea u knw i rep tht gang
Off to see the Amish today. I'm excited. I've never been out to their market.
If a tree falls in the woods, would you rather it hit Gregg Murphy or Tom McCarthy?
#LastTimeIChecked you were the one saying we should date other people . So why you trippen ?
We hope to see lots of people this weekend at our 2 farmers' markets. Sunshine, cool drinks, and gluten free goodies.
“ A jealous woman does better investigating than Homeland Security.”
My day has been pretty excellent. Just got a check from cash4gold. gettin' drunk tonight. hows your day going?
"I'v been called a lotta of things, but inappropriate? that's some fucked up shit bro"
I really need to eat healthier. Starting with this V8. :)
RT : man on palm wearing a helmet and swinging a tennis racquet like a baseball bat. while screaming things at his neighbors.
Are you still getting a server error? We just did some server maintenance about an hour ago. Should have alleviated that issue.
Is perfect
You better not have any brothers on this date!
RT A dream is the seed of possibility planted in the soul of a human being, which calls calls him to pursue a unique... ...
My favorite song from 's #whatever album is "I like it like that" featuring New Boyz <3!
i was struck by the material dimensions of Bushnell's move ... to appeal to children, need to use visual material
Install Google Analytics on your site, it's free, easy, then you can look at 'referring traffic sources' and see. enjoy
want make it today .... She is filling worse today.... She doesn't want mE to go anywhere
so any predictions for the first game of the season vs Detroit?
To reduce our vote down to one issue plays into the hands of those who want to take the vote away all together. Stop being manipulated
aye gurl, yo momma let you date?!
hi beautiful!
If a grown man that gets right up on a small childs backside and caresses his hips doesnt make him wanna get clean nothing will
It was great if the human being were capable of seeing the upside of every situation... Ever. Wasn't it?
I like idea of a show about the 5 mother sauces, but I think it should be a week, one sauce per day with variations.
I just might try to get a job there so I can choose music//make the Common Grounds experience more pleasing for others. SO selfless
I grew tough cause no one else would fight for me
I'm going to DM you.
Another day, another dollar.
I found a new reason not to oversleep: it gives me crazy dreams (that I often mix with reality)
The perfect #drink to relax with and listen to tunes.. Thanks
I am having a ball!!!
you are a fail at twitter names -_-
How about Ketchup?
HAPPY PROM DAY
awww you're so sweet and thank you! Hopefully you'll buy our album whenever it comes out?
My cable just went out in the middle of Raw D'X
Tell all your friends about the dangers of "turkey rage" - it kills!
ashley, it was my please to have an opportunity to make a difference.
first a stabbing,now a child is missing?! SOCIETY IS CRUEL. like seriously? its christmas.
missing my home on the east coast
Mall then Downtown Alleys tomorrow >
Getting all my homework done before I get home >>>
if you could live any place in the world where would that be?
I noticed you like All Time Low, you should check us out (The Dares) I think you would really enjoy our music =)
lmao thats how you do it
Much respect for taking a stand RT : Appreciate for keeping us informed + calling us to task..we are
That's a good bio and a lovely quote. I think that's how I'm attempting to travel these days.
It takes every ounce of energy out of me to entertain/teach these kids. The ole sponge bob laugh won them over.
haha awww sheeit! You dropped some knowledge on me!
I'm blushing :)
Nice! Have a good one!
Oh my god I feel so nauseous WHAT THE FUCK
Hi Steve! sorry it took awhile to follow you back, I thought you had followed my business acct glad to connect!
Hi- I got a msg from you that said "read this yet, there is a horrible blog going around about you" Should I ignore it?
Wanna delete everyone on Facebook who didn't wish me a happy birthday last week.
Love your Pandora playlist. I really do miss boy bands coordinating their jackets and using too much hair gel. Good times.
sounds like a plan
its when theyre in kirstens room and maurice barks and blames it on her and says that. Rookie.
ray is working to get our community back up right now. thanks to the support team at Arvixe!
Counted at least 12 countries represented at
Hey Kara. Congrats on #LLO 2012! Looking forward to working with you.
Sen Taylor speaking on the bill
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 41
You are welcome. ArtWorks! Gwinnett is truly appreciative of the great IT services of Rocket IT.
you ever want something better for someone but realize they don't want it for themselves? I care about you but it's apparent that you don't
Thank you seismic sound! Happy for your follow & support.
I'd say they are retirees but it's a bit late for them.
Looking to buy a house in #Raleigh, #N.C.? Must follow
check out the withings wireless scale which hooks into the fitbit site
please please please talk to it would mean alot
It's amazing how motivating it is to run from a zombie horde. Even if it's a fake one.
Dutschke: digital scriptorium is moving back to Berkeley. Expect tech improvements, including tagging.
Rice and beans tried to stab me, and broke out with the kids !! Moral of the story, food looks good, you eat it, then it turns into shit.
I'd have to double check, but I think he finds that you need to make a decision (explicitly) about the anchor
i had to go back to integrate to figure it out. integration, dis-integration: what our minds are now doing.
Your pinup photos are beautiful (& so are you!) Who is the photographer? Ive been considering getting into that type of portraiture.
Twitter is my diary. Don't care? Don't follow!
Got that 4:30 feeling? Come by for a FREE small coffee drink, just say the owners middle name, "Greg" at the register!!
Attending Academic Affair. Knowledge is <U+261E> important!
#3thingscsntlivewithout Music, friends, and sunshine. Kick some butt at the audition!
he's doing great, couldn't ask for more!! Would love to bring in more guys from your program!!
Welcome new followers
Is codys simpson's punk'd episode june or may 17th?
my wife has been playing a lot of ukulele lately. i love hearing her random singing in our house.
#1DAY lets trend it (:
well aren't you two the demi and ashton of the alternative twitterworld.
The right, which constantly calls for Obama to be "vetted", of course has no similar expectation for Mitt "Johnny Lawrence" Romney.
Sorry Earth Friendly Marketing Consultants
follow me back x)
holla! I need someone to watch her...lol you could be the live in baby sitter :) we should be over for Easter.
follow back?! <U+263A>
Then she had the nerve to sit at her desk like nothin is wrong....
Chris, "remembering he's not here" takes some time indeed. Try to enjoy the flood of memories that reappear w/each thought.
can't complain, been on the grind #teamnosleep what you got coming up next?
That's an easy choice. was an great experience. Just get ready to write. A lot.
T-4 hours until
follow back? :)
Scuba certification classes this weekend!
that its a really good school and al and im going with a friend so that'll be good, but still. I start in september :)
Thanks to Trunko, Kirkland & Briggs for a great show last night. Join us tonight for #cincedemayo or
Haha I can't. I'm on a diet. What time are we meeting again?
A website said he turned down the offer because it was a pay cut. I feel better about that!
Thank u friends and family for supporting us, Third Stream Giants! www.3sgiants.com! Facebook- Third Stream Giants! :)
Wine + train ride = amazing choreograph.. Lol
I am not a #Whitney fan but I am truly moved by the gospel performance I am viewing now from Newark.
You have a boyfriend, do NOT try and flirt with me.
I'm a weirdo...
Happy Marathon Monday! I'm missing Boston today!
That first pitch curveball... so. dirty.
I suspect that claim is based on some rather optimistic assumptions.
you did great
your amazing <3
MEN: Don't want to go to the doctor? Don't "have time" to "eat right"? Look into your children's eyes & the one you love & re-think that...
I only miss the sound *SOME* of the time, Jack...
#Imagine Niall & You lying on the bed, he whispers in your ear "Once upon a time there was a prince named Niall who fell in love with you"
And the crowd goes wild. Gotta love Boston!
All the Otha kids with the pumped up kicks betta run betta run--outrun ma gun
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. – Mahatma Gandhi
tire park!
#igotnyearspiercedwhen <- thats the trending topic?? Anyway I was 4 and #thoughtiwassocool #afraid but I stayed #string LOL idk im bored :-)
I feel sick. Apparently there IS such a thing as too many cheddar bay biscuits.
Well alright... I guess I'll allow it to be a surprise. If I must. :P
i've always wondered if the 'jigawatts' was actually 'gigawatts', but they just didn't know how to pronounce it at the time...
Headed to NYC for a lovely get-a-way weekend!! Can't wait!
lol! Nope, I work from home :) live in the west loop though! Close (kind of)
Yesterday's #tam8 was great! Loved Pamela Gay's talk. Hope today is just as fantastic
The same goes for cats. RT : "Quickest way for parent to get child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable."
I wanted to pubch gim so bad
I just followed Rick Santorum...are we a little late
Canada's 2011 Amazon.ca First Novel Award went to David Bezmozgis for THE FREE WORLD (FSG/Picador). Congratulations, !
6 game basketball tournament today! wish me luck. lets go eagles!!! :)
Good Morning Nelfi, I hope you're looking forward to a great Sunday!
Possibly allergic to penicillin or peanuts? RT : ID bracelet on a man: Gay or European?
uh oh I forgot *giggle*# Idontcare
Seems to me it's not "gay marriage." It's marriage.
The day when that 1 person is truelly interested in me & truelly cares about me inside & does everything he can 2 C me smile will be the day
Entertaining guests next week? Rouge tour makes a fun trip. T-giving wk production plans: Plant running Mon-Wed & Sat. No production Fri.
Why is it when I'm always with you,you make me laugh.
Posted up at coffeeshop on my writing grind.
man i need to start making more money or somethin tryin to get it straight up can't get enought
#Awake is an enthralling show with a unique concept and great lead actor Jason Isaacs. 10 PM today.
An idea for everyone to think about this Friday: Do something nice for everyone you encounter.
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world if you followed me back, your my fave youtuber. =)
still waiting to hear the schedule young blood.
wait wut who huh i'm talking about Victoria aka happinessishardtofind
Take a look at what we are doing and let us know what you think! This is more about the experience generally. Try it out-
I'm trying
I forgot "seen" there, it should have been "the highest he's ever seen them".
Thanks so much!
Thanks for visiting us! Did you enjoy the gorgeous weather in Vegas?
i have a note like that on my frige from my wife it's a 2 do List, their goes my Sunday
#PeopleShouldStop feeling bad about eating great food! Life is meant for the taking.
Talk is NOT cheap! DM
I want to create a Facebook account named "no one." Then I will like people's status so that it will say, "no one likes this."
Went to Guitar Center yesturday, I didn't want to leave, can I just live there or?
It's a difficult process getting rid of multiples of books. 1 copy contains the memory the romance novel exchange you had to mine...
It could have a burger with it too. Just like What I've have!
Good to know.
& everyone is getting me mad at this point , k cool.
Its cool in FL today AND its not raining! Its the apocalypse!!!
oops my email address for you bounced. Looks like you are at CMS now.
rapes & impregnates the guy's girlfriend (who contributed DNA to the monster), where do you go from there?
I never wanted to be the "Donna" from 90210 in high school.
Happy birthday to my brother !!
#Saints player suspensions were definitely harsh, but #NFL gave them opportunity to explain their side of story & they declined. Own fault.
Ok we are at the penny looking for a highschool party. We miss them
Wow. What an awesome night!
RT In case anyone has told you otherwise … it's OK to be gay. Remember that.
READY FOR BAMBOOZLE?!
which one?
I'm willing, if you are.
How cool are we! is even following us!
so depressing reading all these status's about the Chili Bowl...
No, It's at The Coachella Country Club.
well where do you live? Maybe you were doing work in Shreveport and I got confused :-\
They need to learn that Urinal rules apply to treadmills! hate that.
Great conversation now slp time I'm tired
If someone was blasting Whitney and Mariah right next to your car, that was me...
Purposeful innovation is the only way I know how to innovate!
Sat On My Back During P.E. ! Haha XD
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself. -- Charlie Chaplin
Diversifying is incredibly important in today's economy! Check out Renee's thoughts on the matter in the new issue of PDN (pgs. 34-40).
Does anyone really know what "love" means ? I dont think so cause everyone has there own definition its how and why they love that person(:
WEB NEWS: A (not so) jilted English professor’s guide to creative web design
you have no idea how much I needed that!
I don't recall.
I'm glad you are good. Damn these rumours
Iran Nuclear Talks: Iranian Envoy Says 'Everything Is On The Right Track': VIENNA -- Iran's envoy to talks with the U.N. nuclear agen...
Hi twitter followers...
Haha seriously, I think it's in her contract with everything. Must have singing scenes. “: Ok we get it Zooey, you can sing.”
Too...tired...to...function
Ok, I'll DM you next week :-) Have a great weekend!
gee is this anything like forcing a vote on thousands of pages of legislation without time to read and absorb the information?
Its a noodle soup from kind of day...
Seriously does anyone have a picture of the senior prank????
Shakiyla's not attracted to material things , she's the perfect presentation of a wise black queen.
I guess things haven't changed there since I left.
This is the next step. #PackerNation is rooting for you all the way through your recovery:)
That's why I said school night dummy! Those are exclusive, yes.
Austin will do that to one...
unless you're a pair of $167 wedges...
Like Valliant printing on Facebook! We will start Facebook special the random give aways!!!
Hello! Loyal Rangers fan since 1964. Schedule only has one Friday night game at MSG (game 6) and one Saturday Night game?
ok cool i think i got just the thing RT : hey I need a shirt for Zi and a onesie for the baby.Big bro/lil sis thing
Yeah, and here I am. With nieces and nephews older than me. We're more like siblings though.
a.c. on music on hell yeah im sleep good tonite!(:
Counting down until Ice Age special begins on Fox. It's been like the "Are we there yet?" question all day. #shouldnthavetoldkidsearly :-)
Lounging porchside? Let us bring you a snack- 10" personal pizza, breadsticks w/sauce, 2 drinks and 2 cookies only $9.95 until 6pm!
I thought so! He loved doing that and lost a lot of weight doing it!!
Well the day is here and the Louisville Dirty Birds are in THE BIG BLUE cross hairs !! The Birds are going home GO CATS !!!!!!!!
The demon on THE POSSESSION poster is absolutely doing the Travolta love hand face thing from FACE/OFF
Thank you!! This is gonna be so helpful, thank you:)
Jack's Monday league is a Sport League and his Friday League is his House Shot League. Hope that helps.
Im so ready to see 's face again!!! <3
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime
Is watching "Exodus, Part 2" on Hulu
Thanks, man! Hey. Cool name. ;)
Ok! I'm on it brah. I'ma let you know, when I sent it
How much space should be between you and the piano?
Looking 2 adopt great kid in need of a home- why not Zak? He's 1 of 14k NYC children in foster care. My portrait soon
#ImHappyWhen I SEE MY YORKIE'S..
If you wanna know something, ask me. Don't assume. That's how drama starts.
sigh. I got nothin.
Just woke up, so tired!!! School os starting this Monday !!! Uhhhggg!!!
is in need of a periscope to see over this heap of homework.
Thanks for the retweet! Hope to see you next Tuesday.
Fuck off all Ye Yankees, Red Sox and Dodgers, because here in the Burgh, we raise Jolly Rogers.
Tell everyone you know that you are dieting. It's a lot harder to quit your diet when everyone is asking how your diet is!
Neil is such a faggot, talks shit then stands there and takes a beating. What a bitch. Someone fuck his flat face up.
He just wave at me -_-
The whole office smells like one of those soap places in the mall. Someone sent in a #MacBook Pro that had a "Strawberry Smoothie" spill.
Captured and imprisoned at Jamestown, he escaped, and the English retaliated by killing several Paspahegh men.
dis Georgia weather is killing me
Great worship night with
I need you all to vote on the previous link please! <U+2665> :c
Darien compared me to , a genius lyricist in my eyes, I feel like I'm progressing.
just that one thing :) lol
Going into school late...
Sato is definitely the biggest mover of the day after starting last, he just moved into 9th.
got me hooked on . Uh oh
Looking forward to it as well. Many thanks to for putting this together!
Hope everyone had a good Happy Easter!!
Thanks for the #FFs! You guys rock!
great photo! Looking handsome & hot! #cheers !
I sing along to Carly Rae Jepson's Call me maybe.
The magazine fairy struck again this weekend, looking forward to some post-Review light reading
Thanks I'll try and connect with him on here.
Is anyone else finding it hard to read their email with the gmail redesign?
of course!! Any excuse to bust out a boa!
*whispers* that's what I would say...
hay went swimming at great wolf lodge and felt like paradise
Why weren't you at Rockettown tonight because i didn't see you
Smh at this game. Ugh!
That's Crazy Man , im left speechless :D you're Good . Keep Going ! <3 we'll do maybe one feat one day , who knows
*Last minute slots for bands on March 16th and 23rd...any takers? * <3
I was super nervous but the photography training went well! It's great to see people using their gifts to serve God!
On October 28th, THE RCC MUST DIE // Live Improvised Horror Movie.
Yadier Molina made a mistake, you guys.
clock is tickin'! First recording session for my winter album is at midnight! 7 hours of waiting to go...
Thank you baby :* <3 RT : Happy Mother's Day Beautiful :*
Old vacation policy: 3 wks annual vacation/sick leave. New vacation policy: take off when you need to, and we won't keep track.
I'm getting really antsy. I need to work on something creative soon!
He broke my heart and now im broken. BLAH BLAH BLAH. no one cares. If it was broken u'd be dead.
OMFG!! FINAL TEST TODAY GOING TO HEAR SOME AND tO paSs mY TeSt Once AgaIn!! XD SO ExCiTeD!!!
Last night was amazing I'm so happy I got to see him <3
": Greg maddux is on my flight he acts like he doesn't see me" I want to be on this flight so bad right now!
I can see it now.... hundreds of queer youth in DC doing a flash mob demanding rights....What do YOU see in DC?
Great weather, Milwaukee.
that sounds unbearable. I say you just tuck and roll.
Anyone want to bring me soup from Panera? And then take my dogs for the night? I can't handle them while I'm this sick.
only been there once. Food was good but i Don't remember what I had. I hope you have better service then we did.
RT : #LastThursday! Umpqua Bank on 18th & Alberta will be serving complimentary cups of our iced tea and african food. Yum!
Wonder if I'm supposed to remember where is right now. Hello?
The night's first real moment thanks to Joshua Ledet.
Ah, gotcha. Most people I know are active duty, but I do know a few in the Guard. Either way, it's still life changing!
Oh God no. I thought Gilly was retired.
Going out to venice beach for the day
Good morning tweeters!! What is your favorite chocolate bar?
that's beautiful
Hopefully doesn't notice that I was m.i.a. and let's me know when the next game night is :/
Waiting on getting this fractured wisdom tooth pulled. Hurry the frock up....i got tatts to do, money to make and bills to pay.
So, I got Saturday school..
Awesome we'll see u there! RT : OK great! I will let & know they can find you at
Mar 24,1942: #Churchill under pressure from Australia to return troops from Middle East to protect home territory from Japanese attack.
#4famouswords I Love One Direction :)
Merry Christmas, Tweeps! Hope you all got everything you wanted from Santa this year. If not, behave yourselves better next time!
if Wisconsin could get just 1 of these Kentucky/unc studs on the team each year, multiple nat titles.
#chrisbrownpickuplines im famous i have a great deal of hits
Yo! Coming up for air for a bit of twittering? SA misses you. :)
Just answer in ways to push things forward!!!
Kanye West is wearing a leather kilt.
thanks! I changed it. You haven't gotten one lately? I followed a link someone sent me and it looked officiall
Watching the food network at this time of the night is not a good idea. :/
Miya said she GOT TO TALK TO YOU
Thanx for the headz up :-) RT : We're going to #UltraMusicFestival next month!! You should go if you already arent!!
I've gotten chorus to "walking on broken glass" stuck in there.
Does it come with horses, too?! Great video, music, and narration!!
any chance tomorrow's IXDA presentation on ethnography will be recorded (audio or visual)? Super interested but i'm in Sweden
Pablo Zabaleta! It's so close they can smell it!
I need to stop focusing on bull shit
did that.. All other channels working. Fsohio sd working, not hd and not the first time this has happened.
Last thing 2 do in my bedroom is clean the tables off & do my laundry now i want 2 just lay back and relax with a book but i cant & it sucks
Heading to the desk...turn to Channel 8. Cu in a few
: part of our current dilemma is that politics has become a religion, or at least a faux religion
Today in 1497, Amerigo Vespucci allegedly leaves Cadiz, Spain for his first voyage to the New World.
Whatever helps!!! lol when you look good you tend to feel great!
Listening to some blues.
Heading to Thr3e Wise Men for a growler refill... 6 bucks, and the beer doesn't taste like water!
Pre Torche/Corrosion of Conformity beer at Hoss. Rye, yes! Lager, double-yes!
“ Follow the KOKO Dennis Show today on Twitter or We follow back.”
Whatching my bucks. Let's see how hard s.jax plays.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts. Arnold Bennett
Gorgeous day in Houston. This is that magical time before the heat/humidity descends. I give it about another week before I'm cursing TX.
Not surprised to find that Android's logger has a wtf method.
I still got the bulls, indy, atl, and heat in the east. West = okc, lal, spurs, griz
YOU'RE A DICK
Church and God play a large role in Major Russell's life, and he will stand up for what's right to make a difference in prople's lives.
“: I'm too nice to people. That's how I get hurt.”
what? U mean u can't listen to the SAME topics everyday & recycled throughout the day?
Thank you very much for the follow ;; ; Thanks for the support!
Out of lab early, yes!
Really enjoy AC360!
Sharing a story to engage those who give you money - wish the other companies listened to that, /
apologies if anyone got a few DMs in a row -- i think there were troubles on both outbound and inbound - i got 7 in a row from one tweep
Gotta shake the past and move forward, gotta make this last, it feels gorgeous.
hey! can you tell me how you get alerted to large drops in rankings?
RT : Find out how Positive your Positive Thinking can be. Amazing Collection of Essays FREE TODAY on Kindle Prime....
lucky u selling any
#honestyhour if the girl is fine as hell but sportin a goat t I have to kiss you with my eyes open until you thread that sh
I'm 6-11..I never work with anyone except Franco lol
Yu Darvish has finally signed w/ the Rangers. 6 years 60 mil. What happened to the 5 years 75 mil he wanted?
"young dude stressed in the hood like Jesus"
Thanks for the #FF love, folks.:)
Any good recipies for homemade rubarb pie out there
the smiles just hide what we really think.. :/.
sounds marvelous!
omfg! My bff's cousin's boyf who lives on my block is IN that band:D
Good to see one Gasol play great on the road in Game 6
Pure blue skies. Putting on sunblock to goin skiing. At Summit.
omg this class <<<< \ I'd rather be in bed right now . lol
probably sleeping :p
Everything Must Go is depressing.
Good job Amar'e. Just don't even jump for the rebound
PLACES lecture tonight in GOCA1420--James Griffioen and Yumi Roth talking about Detroit and Constructed Place @ 7 pm FREE parking!!
STILL GOT FREE TABLES LEFT W/ Comped SKYY Bottle for Invasion of SUEDE Thursdays PRESENTED by AZ PartyLife Productions text/call 602.348.172
How many stamps are in your passport?
#PLL Mona is crazy as hell.
Packed house, love the vibe, excited to get this started
thanku too x
how dare you call me a liar!
ill be hitting my 500th tweet in no time
You're going to get a lot of Jelly Belly spam.
Moto in the house with Harrison theatre doing space Mac and cheese
been listening to Godsmack music the past couple of days in honor of them coming to the city I live nearby! tonight!
done with mathcounts. I got fifth overall and our team got fourth which is very good for our first time. yay!
she's beautiful, just like her godfather!! Hahaha!!
we've heard you shouldn't drink and tweet....
Great question about one person shops hopping into participatory culture. suggests Flickr, History pin, etc.
Nope! Still looking for a place to spend my huge gift card! Wool! :)
X____X RT : I wish you the worst kind of AIDS. RT : Wax-on, wax-off &amp;gt;
Good morning! Will today finally be the day i get a follow?!(:
never knew making your 9th grade schedule for next year could stress you out so much /:
I'm glad it's raining. It is so much easier to get some work done.
William Carleton, Counselor @ Law: Accredited Crowdfunding
My first #TRXTraining today. Loved it. Atomic pushups are great but I need some work on the rows.
OMFG PLEASE DO IT. IT'LL BE THE BEST THING EVER. Don't forget to make it 10x bigger :-)
Glad to see Volk's as a big winner with the Casino opening.
Goodmorning everyone have a bless day
I Do Thing's You Cant Do Like Listen To Blog's
CANNOT WAIT FOR DEMI AND BRITNEY TO BE JUDGES. IT WILL BE SO AMAZING.
It's illegal to own a red car in Shanghai, China.
thanks! Our schedule opened up last night and we wanna come! :)
JUICE JUICE JUICE JUICE
we didnt mean to
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo, is magnetically scary in makeup and gown. Thanks for the Image !!
Thank you to Samantha & Diana
RT : Join and other free-press folks for today's special #SunshineWeek #ASNEchat on govt transparency at 2pm EDT.
my $ on sarah to win!! “ What the hell?!!!! We are gonna fight Willow!!!!”
Yep! The "real" relationships formed via Twitter are what's important!
Hey please tweet back and follow
Got something for that ass though......straight asshole mode.
About to head out to Como Zoo because 1) it's free, 2) it's a nice day, and 3) my bus pass is about to expire.
just go half day! then your still able to skip with all of us! :)
Only a few more hours til Im out of school ready to make dis beat for me n my nigga to get on
One of our gorup got a request for a partial--actually half her book. She's excited. Did you like the conference?
If I pass French 1, I have no clue what I'm going to do in French 2. That ishh crayy
totally stealing free wifi from starbucks... i spend enuf here lmao
$50 20Oz draft what, its as good as a ticket tree
This my first time seeing a stripper wit a backpack on.... Lmao! She fresh out the academy! Smmfh!
No. Conversation a non-starter. Will wait till they pronounce their org's name correctly. (Hey, maybe that's a new tactic.)
I hate looking at old photos like that, I get way too dysphoric..
damn . -stares-
I love how after nine years, my best friend still wishes my mom happy mothers day:)
obviously that was fucking with an autocorrect
I wasnt home to see it...what happened
Watching The Smurfs.
some people shouldn't rap/sing like forreal !
TriSuccess Tip #27: Understanding and taking action on who you are liberates others to do the same, leadership is by example.
no problem (: i wish i could make a song like that lol mine suck.
mostly film right? And then a quick movie for a break. But mostly film.
Awesome people to follow on a fine #FF:
I want to go to Saturday Market. :P
Praying for you this morning. May God bless you!
I'm going to start #OccupyKrispyKreme. Donuts should be socialized! Who's with me?
What a day!
Goodnight World. 'll see you in my dreams.
not sure if you are truly prepared for an LA hang w/ me.
a really great checkout experience today - kudos to josh Norris at the front desk
When the cafe doors exploded
I approve. :)
West Virginian, Little Jimmy Dickens was the first country music performer to totally circle the globe on a worldwide tour in 1964!
Mojitos and brothers & sisters season 1. Life is good tonight.
we could smoke here
MT : Journalists need to have high analytical skills to deal with data, spreadsheets, to make numbers into a story.
PEACEFUL OCCUPATION TO GET YOUR PEACE.
Waa ya quiero ir a winter
Go check out the new Greater Heights songs!! Facebook/itunes/purevolume !!!
Shut it down, let's go home! Weekly show is Tuesday. Expect a call.
Instead of just "$A is true if 1 < 2. Otherwise, false." [-]
i wanna change my name on here, but idk what to....
#Celtics all day everyday!
We have inspired and motivated very successful businesses & ministries. Our resume is extensive & intimate. Judge me by my fruit
Finally getting a chance to slow down, stay home, and catch up on some DVR'd shows.
I'm so pride.
yeah. Wicked pricing. I tried to buy yesterday and the price popped up on me before I bought.
You just like watching yourself dance haha!
yea brother , I was just there and asked to get on stage
SO excited for the concert next Thursday - any of you guys going?
Having a good day
Wasting my time thinking about you <<<<
at least you're collecting badges as you go
"Parents are now asking how long before all students have ebooks"-Chris Kennedy, W Vancouver district, MindShare Learning webinar 1/25/12
#AOonTC - Tsonga's serve and volley may have the clout to push the men's game more permanently in that direction.
i seriously cannot get over how gross the word 'pussy' is. pooosay, paysssay, puuuuusseeey
no I dont want You<< calling me that idc about other people..
good feedback from a professor in your major >>>>>
Hated Latin in High school, but as I look back, it was the most worthwhile subject I took. I deduced what "intransigent" means w/it.
Bear Creek Winery!!!!!
Haven't been on Twitter all day....WHY?!
Tim Cook Named CEO of Apple replacing
Paul, my first boyfriend (ok,ok~celeb crush) is getting married today. I must be getting old because I wish him well.
still...looking sweet!
i need 2 ask do u model clothing
Two finals down, one more to go! Can't wait for Spring Break!!!!
When I invite you to a burger joint, I promise to eat my entire meal...just like mom and dad taught me when I was a kid.
had some for you tonight.. kobe flank steak. yum!
I'm watching it too!!!
In those cases they were placed under the one we felt was most relevant at the time
In the gym now--minimum 3 miles on the treadmill and light weights to get my day going. How did you jump start your day?
Gods good.
Viva la noche,
Realize that what we speak of is not like the airplane "black boxes". This is closer to the engine light on a car.
AND EVERY BOTTLE OF WINE IS 50% OFF!!! Don't miss out!
Going to see tonight in St Petersburg. Should be epic!
I like that I'm short cause I have like 10 pillows on my bed and I still can't touch the end of the bed(:
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds ~
but chris evans is just so unf.
#Romney: Under #Obama the government would have banned Thomas Edison's light bulb. Oh by the way, they just did.
I'm cold as fxck in the room
Follow me I follow back!!!:)
Slay dragons.
YEAH BABY!!!
would love to do a Pure Romance party for you so you can have a fun girls night in. Would you be interested?
GREAT QUOTE: A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament. -Oscar Wilde
"people are just people, people are just people like you"
hahaha yes. my friend just came to say goodbye & i was looking at my phone & i got the tweet to my phone & started screaming.
Just woke up from a nap(:
I should've did a few things differently in my past.
I don't know. Just eat your wing, Conrad.
No drinking for me for awhile.
NCPR: "no evidence that simply taking dual enrollment...increased students’ likelihood of college completion" BUT...
Going through family photos to prepare for interviewing my grandma and Chicago-based fam about the #Nakba. Finding insane stuff.
Nah. I think it was just a football move. With garcon/morgan/hankerson being the top 3 and santana here. he wasn't staying
Correction: We're
dude get outta school so we can bond
#WhenAustin travels around the world just to perform/meet his fans<3 RT if you want to meet him someday!
Labor Day weekend, what happened to the sun, beautiful day yesterday. I'm lucky, spending the weekend on the lake. Just love the water!
Progress at DC's newest housing community! The Hepburn model town homes are almost finished at The Villages at Dakota Crossing!...
I give up lol
What sound does a cat make when it's on fire? Whoosh! (thanks to Jake M.)
have a nice day
Hide and seek outside at night>>>
great excuse to put it on someone else's shouders..
are you performing at the Book of Ice event in DC tonight?
I want a veggie lovers pizza from Pizza Hut. <3
Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Consulting <U+2605> Graphic Design
Which is relevant to your quest for a new product or business or job or mate or project worth working on
Will Obama flip flop on gay marriage. I sure hope so. Just another American institution he despises and wants to destroy.
Tweet tweet tweeta-lit ^
noticed you weren't online but wanted to say hello! :)
452 :D i went from 67 follows to 452 in only 2 days thx everyone for the
No school for me until Wednesday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
"You Can Lead A Man To The Outdoors, But You Can't Make Him Survive" - The Buddy Burner Builder -
going to miss you today at #halo won't be the same without ya!
Still rocking out the never ending engineering dynamics homework. This quick twitter break is heaven.
Interactive Marketing Agency in ATL looking for a #RubyonRails Developer. Let me know if you're interested.
What's my secret to happiness? Keep your bowels moving and get plenty of sleep
Thanks for coming! We had a great campaign and were so excited to reach our goal!
TE AMO FOLLOW ME BACK (: I'M CHILEAN (:
Do you really think that some red neck in Virginia is sitting there going: I was gone vote for that Obama fellow, but now that he came out..
Recorder talent show!
Coworker blaring Jennifer Lopez this morning. All I can think of is "Taco Flavored Kisses".
played Mass Effect 3 (PC), Guild Wars (PC), and Star Wars: The Old Republic (PC) in the last 24 hours.
Thanks for the rt bro, how you been?
Come to Lottie's tonight for Oscar's Nachos & good times!
I have seen the website on how to claim, my question was how long does it normally take for the claim to be paid.
Granger and George need to step up this half and we have got to STOP FOULING!!!
Night ya'll. ;)
Now if only the numbness would be over so quickly. But who needs to feel their ear?
Your gonna love it :D but no slow D:
more shirt/gear ideas: "Don't Be A Dolt." & "Friends Don't Let Friends Punt." & there has to be a hat that reads, "AP's Hat".
hahahaha YES. I strive for douchiness whenever I decide what to put on my feet.
SPIN SPIN SUGAR
My phone battery last longer than most relationships these days.
Happy Mother's Day from the 9NEWS Sports team! We've got an interesting Mother's Day feature on JaVale McGee you'll want to watch @ 10:35.
Me too! RT : Excited to learn about by at
Today's Get Energized tip: Find and seal all floor, ceiling, window and door air leaks and cracks.
I find it funny a lot of the #Bills bashers are jumping on the bandwagon after draft and FA but some of us been here for yrs
I want to make everyone in my present life go to a big middle school dance. Think of all the angst only slow usher songs could solve!
Can someone please get me 1? “: Rollie Fingers Bobbleheads this Saturday! Your other bobbleheads are going to have mustache envy.
Welcome to Vanderbilt!
Can't believe I am #moving to #Arizona this week. I have no idea what to do with all my winter clothes.
I WANT TO GET ARRESTED if it's by backward cops under the false pretense that it's a sneaky way to give me free football or lotto tickets.
RT : Just bought Marable's Malcolm X bio because of the Pulitzer and Dyson's Tupac bio because of the hologram. When's my...
hey boo what you up to.
My Mom is just the best. really loving her right now
Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling :-)
As I told a friend of mine the other day..the Nats need bats....bad!!!!!
Will Power Wins Long Beach Grand Prix
just cuz I wanna relax a bit lol
I work <U+E421>
What you make of your life is up to you. You have all the tools and resources you need. Your answers lie inside of you. - Denis Waitley
Love Counterpunch! You belong to the coolest family.
Thanks & Happy Holidays!
My favorite part is all of the fancy hats the ladies wear!
I just heard John waters is hitch hiking through Indianapolis??
I'm tweeting this to ensure my total amount of tweets is not 666.
#Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports #gaymarriage, first president to take that position.
Daniel Clowes, author of Ghost World, Art House Confidential, etc. I think it was first published in Eight Ball.
very chilly. A lot different than Miami....
thank you, you too!! :)
Only 3 more to go! GO BUCS!!!!
Trapped Miners..hey it could be trapped minors..that would be way worse!
I have an iPhone... Just downloaded an app.. I don't get the point of Twitter.. Es la verdad.. what ru doing in LA?
In other words, Code Pink has something planned for 's appearance in SD tomorrow: 5:00 PM Warwick's 7812 Girard Ave
I just had the new Tropical Strawberry Shakeology for breakfast...it's great! I have some samples left-DM me if you'd like one
haven't been on in awhile but im so back and ready for Jan 3rd
Bitches talk shit, Real women just laugh at it <U+2665>
Always remember that there are more people that need help outside of the church building than inside of it
Nuggets cheerleaders are bomb ass fuck
want to get you on 670 the score chicago @ talk depaul & final 4....
Your husband is being a brain conservationist? ? ?
Two words: Awe. Some! RT : You know what? We're ready sooner than we even thought. Doors open tomorrow, #BloomingdaleDC!
oh no! Virgo?
wishing our wonderful Karen Spence a happy belated birthday! We love you!
Thanks to dad's stocking stuffers, Ive got Sinatra, Styx, and Journey for my drive to Dallas Monday
Yea that's my boyfriends man :D
#app challenge @ #ikids #kidscreen - "giving physical properties to lines" - draw a balloon, it floats up; items shake to music
he would walk in to a Great situation and move them to top 5 ..so can we get a special teams coach and an OC?
Great! We're actually about to hit 124!
Holy snap :O just suggesting a topic to speak of >.>
Chick fil a shakes>>>> McDonalds shakes
looking forward to your tweets! Follow back and if you or any of your customers need our service give us a call !
JMac is going to get a loss after pitching 8 and givng up 1 ER and K'ing 8. thats pathetic
mornin' rock star!the new IPAD may be a little too hot and I'm not talking about sales! APD launches a serious decoy operation. details next
Hair farmer
Morning hair appt... Woo who! gosh I love the neck & head massage!!
2 for 1 Rails LATE NIGHT at Trinity Three Irish Pubs. 125 E Juneau
I know its crazy.
Thanks to all who participated in yesterday's FIM info session! have more questions? contact !
Thw Motorcycle club The Nomads get there own reality show? Smh america loves violence
I'm here bitches let's talk now !
I didnt want you girls in a fight over salami lol
i dont think he can!!
Btw Guys Happy Valentines Day Guys <3 :D
lol just gotta ask em if they like to give it first if they dont it's no purpose.. lol
“: I can't wait for Prometheus. It looks amazing!” I know! I've watched the trailer like 737363727337 times!
": CJ Watson just out there collecting a check" dont b talkin about my boo u took it too far it ends here lol !
Whats your favorite Paging Grace song?
Happy new year to you! I'm so pumped for 2012 :)
no im not lol
Time for the Badgers to death maul the Ducks...the Duck's D is starting to wear down
5:55. Self evaluation & reflection time.
How many guys legitimately thinking about purchasing after watching every morning.
My phone gets no love.
Sex with alligators. How can you turn that down? It's going to happen. --JB
Interesting... RT : All u idiots talking about technicality open up for some crow too.
It is not easy to think of the right Valentines Day ideas for girlfriends
You are my soul mate, my sweetheart, you are my dream come true, from now until the end of time I give my heart and soul to you
everybody talks & everybody listen.. and somehow the truth just always comes up missing - Drake<U+2665>
Good place to do it ;)
A delicious first show forgetting everything ever learned in improv class and enjoying every second of it
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to seeing your tweets. Have a great Thanksgiving!
I'm at Starbucks but my heart is at Octane.
I love your music video for "Route 42" It makes me think of my daily commute and every time I've been screwed over by WMATA.
RT : Coming up: Librarians wrestle mid-field to re-open on Mondays and Tuesdays. Sponsored by Dr. Pepper.
Can't shake husband's obsession w/snow ice cream. And he's not even a Little House on the Prairie fan like I am.
Oh please don't die on the toilet!!! would never stop making fun of that!!
Most people aren't motivated by money... They're motivated for what they want to do...
I hate complaining about refs but they have been terrible for the Bulls in this game
Going to Victoria secrets tomorrow!!!!!!
JBF award winner 2012 Nina Barrett eating lunch at Atwood as we speak,... congrats Nina on the award!
Wine please!
Who wants to be the next star of #Taxi TV? Join Commish and Commish tomorrow,
nasty as i wanna be
unfortunately, you exposed the right's inability to stay on script: is she a "slut" "whore" "prostitute" or is she gay?
#NailedIT RT : #NFLDraft is no longer a made for TV event. It's a made for event. Never thought I'd see the day
Worship him with all your heart, all your mind and with all your strength because He is worthy!!! Have a great Sunday service all ^_^
Hey, hey you, yeah you, dump the bitch!
Big show in West Bend Friday!!!
Being honest is the best way to go
At least have that sweet rack ": You don't have to be perfect... But you should strive to be as much like me as you can."
Who am I kidding to expect a late night shift without the occasional distraction?
“: Funny how a melody, sounds like a memory. -Eric Church”
if i say #oomf.. it's usually bc i can't remember their twitter name lol
Cute guys make you crazy, hot guys make you drool, cool guys make you daydream. But funny guys make you fall in love without ever knowing it
Tre is embarrassed to be seen in public with me ):
Hellz yeah. PanPan kids take Madison
Thanks for the follow Tom! See you in the hangout next time.
Im Glad doing ok :)
Honduras bound... My SPOT gps location should show up here along the way, if you want to follow the trip.
LOL- too funny. That's not something I would EVER admit to doing.
You just gave up, no talking about it....nothing. You just stopped trying. That proves something
I like Laura Lee.
6,000th Tweet. I think. whatever. goes out to everyone i love.
How did you just say no to me but immediately offered it to someone else? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
RT Walk the earth naked, clothed only in your truth.
My kids worked their butts off today in rehearsal. A few more weeks and its showtime for them. Way to go girls!
Cool that's where u at RT : Just left Brooklyn, will be in DC starting Thursday for 3 weeks.
yes you crusty twat
What a lucky bounce. Like I said. Everything going Sparty's way right now.
so, what will happen when you find yourself locked in your basement, soiling yourself because theres zombies outside . . . check my website!
you showed me something that i couldnt see, you opened my eyes and you made me believe <3
Don't want turkey left overs Friday? Check out our NEW t.v. dinner instead! Shrimp & Grits, Spinach, Cornbread, Twinkie & more. 404.681.4434
Happy birth day Ricardo
I care most about reading the tweets of those I follow, yet I still look at my number of followers b4 I read their tweets. #HumanNature ?
you killed it last night (: can't wait to see you again.
FASHION TIP: is coming out with cute ballet flats in Spring 2012 --- sweet!
Hey. I'm looking for sales reps for Stoner Couture ? Seeking cool, connected girls who know retail / wholesale. Any interest ??
congrats! Well deserved!
I WANNA BE ONE OF YOUR GODDESSES!!!
OMG!!!!! I love Megan Fox she is my idol ... i love her Z... love you Meggi... hihi hehe
just another suicide sunday... goin to shower...
I missed it!
Love You <3
So I'm ready to pcs like to England let's see how ima do this ready to leave tampa for a few years
preciate cha.. How u doin on this nice day
nothing much, just watched the new victorious and felt like checking this again :)
yea im crazy lol least thats wat the dr's say jk. but nah idunno i tend to smoke a lot of weed n say crazy shit lol
Just enough to get me by
Anyone using Branch Out on Facebook? If so, what do you think?
From 1912-1913 Lowell Thomas attended the University of Denver, earning his masters and a second BA. He also meets future wife Fran Thomas.
your welcome ;)
Chone Figgins is the Walmart of Baseball Players.
someone on bilbao just took a ronaldo fee kick to the face, i think he may have died instantly. that would be scary
What do you guys think of our profile picture? Any thoughts or suggestions?
Finally thawing out after a game in the snow
Happy Easter everyone<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM MY FAMILY TO YOURS!!!
I'm going through something with life. But pussy & Patron makes me feel alright. "What? No Patron? Gimme the Henny!!"
What the hell am I doing?
A Raisin in the Sun!
Real Ass Niggas Only Eat Their Girlfriends Out.
Flashy Wallbanger . . . will you join me for lunch on Friday? it's been two weeks. . . (tear drop) LOL
I'm pasty as tits dog
who that carmen bitch? N yea
I agree with Abby about Eden. I'm surprised she didn't bang Ricky~
no problem: )
I feel that homie.
$1,950 for a suite to see Roger Waters at Frank Erwin??..aw Austin, you really are losing your way
#RIP Joe Paterno. You'll always be remembered by me as one of the greatest coaches in college football history. You're in a better place now
hey I'm on twitter
Off to learn some new things at Kendall Summerhawk's LEAP Event.
I think my Twitter timeline needs some CPR. I've been MIA for a while. First stop: Starbucks
I know right
like a week ago when I was at Tina's. The person that did it was so tough. They only threw one egg. I was so scared
City Hall? City Hall.
Super tired
In Chicago. Just a laundromat called So Fresh And So Clean. Yes.
Nothing like waking up to a voxer from
RTing tweets.Your so funny.*Bow Down*
we can follow up on to learn more about the teacher involved.
Thanks. So, I guess you can't be good at it unless you are a celebrity? What would be a decent score for the masses?
cheer bear. my tears.
nice call in the 10th!
hahahah that's funny! I'm Serbian too btw :D do u speak it?
Rachel W to the rescue - select none as datasource in BBNC scheduled emails allows you to merge multiple lists
“: "Being Elmo" documentary is a Must SEE!! #KevinClash!! Thank you!! <U+2665>” totally agree!
want some free cereal at McMahon?just in time for your study break!
Just another manic Gundy RT : RT : The Assassination of Stan Van Gundy by the Coward Dwight Howard
will definitely hit up my favorite #bubbletea joints tomorrow!
And you females need to stop that. "I have no feelings" act. Y'all be the first to cry.
"A woman's figure dressed in black, heavily veiled, moves stealthily out of the darkness."- MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA
UNC not being broadcasted on The Fan...Princeton v Kentucky on now...
My focus questions are at a HIGH level of rigor.
Glen: How geeks express the sense of urgency expressed by non-geeks can go a long way.
I still wonder why I have a phone sometimes. No one ever talks to me on it so whats the point? It just sits in my room not being used xD
You werkin' at a defunct Toys R Us these days?
oh my goodness. Absolutely adorable.
The feeling is mutual. Mahalo! RT : Love The Shops at Wailea!
not only think about. but follow through. also now comes the hard part. ever tried talking to him?
When the answer to "Where are you from?" is "It's complicated."
is it the dark hair? Lol
the NWEA test CPS made us use was wildly unreliable...we trust the testing companies way too much.
I want to get on a horse.")
That Was The Worst Shot I've Ever Seen....
If Caitlin Beadles is ugly, I want to be as ugly as her <U+2665>.
Yo Momma So Small..,she pose for trophies
Once a freestyle hardcore walker, always a one-time freestyle hardcore walker
dm mee:)( its always better when u talk to someone;))
good morning, champ.
The River is kinda creepy, watching it alone is prob a bad idea
But also Celtic folk big time.. you can hear it.. so much. Just listen.
I hear that. I am stumbling thru this morning's tasks in a post-conference stupor.
Thank you for the {scars} the guilt and the pain and every tear I've NEVER cried ;)
Ima trying to get that cut
Reps have no power. You have to go over their head.
Despite the militancy of those men, the mood of the city seemed placid, and none paid me heed as I came and went.
Amazing how few people have any respect for due process; the bulwark of our system of justice and our nation.
Im in a room 10 guys sleeping together
Fair point...but if you can afford the car you can afford a clutch replacement.
Tins said he was pretty sure I was in grade school last time that happened. He must have been talking about you. ;)
I have naturally curly hair, I permed and kinked the heck out of it. Sad...so sad
Or Happy New Years! :)
yummy yummy sopa
I visit with his family and think, 'this isn't how it's supposed to be.'
Congrats #UWLBaseball on a big W in the 1st rd WIAC Conference Championship!
"Man blames fate for other accidents, but feels personally responsible when he makes a hole in one."
we're following your lead and donating $1 to One Warm Coat whenever a customer saves 10% with the coupon code "BURTSBEES"
Thank you my darling! Designed by architects.
The standing up thing really starts to bother me.
It's a shame how much I've been neglecting Twitter.
Carl Jung famously said, "What you resist, persists." Some mention that in the context of meditation as well. What does it mean to you?
I know! I had to give in!
Onion, mushroom, garlic & feta omelet. Simple. Delicious.
High today of 72! Oh yes, I am happy!!!
Hand & Foot Copying: Play a rhythm with your feet & mimic with your hands & visa versa. Get creative using flams, drags & diddles.
looking at aqua team hunger force. then I'm going to bed after this
I was sad that the slutty Luvabulls would'nt be here, but no worries-The Ice Crew is here filing in.
correction: it was wicked awesome. Sibling rivalry added much hilarity.
If you're considering having a baby, I would seriously consider getting a dog first babies just let the frisbee hit them in the face.
MY cat is driving me crazy.
well if you believe this then you should consider Ron Paul. The MIC has made America broke. Vote to restore America!
#onemore last thing I wanna do right now is go to work. so happy is moving in though! :)
hating on jelena isn't going to make justin turn away from selena, it will make justin turn away from us.....
Lectured today on final UTC papers; World War II, and the golden age of the Islamic Empire.
Business LEADERS r not pouring over data, their subordinates r. They r making-sense of environment + leading which = networks!
My favorite thing to do is go grocerie shopping.. I feel like an adult.. Lame
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay been single its best for me
HOLY SHITT #Revenge why is this show so fucking good
what would be bad?
We're so ready for the weekend...
if you followed me, I'd be super fucking happy dude.
Speaking of trains, I saw loco #140 The Hisser earlier today at around 7:45 pushing an IB train. Did what it does best, twice.
Half of the reason I listen to the song never say never is because Jaden Smith not Jb. The other half is because I like the chorus.
Driving up to the west coast.
OK we are in 2010 now and I plan to win!!! So you know you got to be in the game to win it. You hear me???
"what you thought was lost was just mislaid" -- my hat has been at my parents' house the whole time! yay :)
Stop light party this Thursday !! Are u single n ready to mingle or fakin when ure already taken??
Addicted to the new album. Hope everyone is having a great day.
the Whites are insane
I plan on being a future rapper of H Town. No lie either. I'm working on my first rap right now. What's good?
Betrayed <--- a feeling of sum shit D;
Mornin dicks and dames..doff the fedoras, suits, bobs and lavaliers and go get your dough...keep tha punks out of ya pockets..
it'll be over soon. Congrats on your blessing!
Can't believe SMWLA is almost over!
you don't have Chris Owens number do you?
Just had one of those callbacks that felt like an amazing class. Getting the jig would just be a bonus!
editing pics :) and u?
Mar. 6 on Sat @ Kings steaks in the bronx having a SouthBronx Music conference. We always lookin for performers. If u interested Holla Bak!
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Tom VanHorn
you know what? I think I knew that, considering how many of those I own...
Its raining,lightning and thundering. Cooler night that most lately
Texas is the move though.
Cronin should just schedule a quarterly press conference to handle the off-court issues.
awesome, enjoy
Ha...my is so crazy that I have to laugh it of sometimes...I always try not to give up, but it just feel like thats best thing I can do. -.-
Up in San Jose for a #sjgiants game with the family. The Giants pitcher is dealing right now. No hits no runs through 4 2/3.
Upon closer inspection, I take it back.
lol all of em basically do
All good recommendations. Maybe also a subscription to TIME magazine.
The Karate Kid was good but I still love the original.
Genesis Global Media funds TV and Film Projects pushing KINGDOM AGENDA- FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE.
#notafan of these stupid ass housewives shows on Bravo!!!!
This Jerry Jones love fest is going to make me throw up.
thanks, last night was AMAZING.
Knows the real fountain of youth is to have a dirty mind and a naughty smile..
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>Like my naked pictures on Instagram: TempeMyAzz
If i hear the word project out this man mouth one more time.
Hunter really didn't say much. Seems focused on his area of ward 5. I do not like the his neg stance on Macmillan.
. your family is in our prayers!
Amazon phone coming soon?!? RT : was asked to configure his phone to avoid getting ripped off with roaming charges. This is wrong!
happy birthday, Thomas <33
DS: he'll be gone by then
Bless you! I pray all is well!
Dance to much booty in da pantttsss
Delta delayed to Chicago. Weather must be too nice.
Bueno! Congrats love :)
what's you're email? I'll forward you the message.
LOL. I still ask my mom and dad for money every now and then. LOL. Enjoy the time with fam
nobody knows it, but you've got a secret smile and you use it only for me
Melanie Brown of The Spice Girls (Mel B) popped out a baby girl yesterday.
check out my commercial!! it is hysterical !!
Lmao this chick actually put "Follows You" in her bio so people will think she's following to keep more followers then shes fb
#OomfNeedsTo Needs To Know When They Got Something Special Standing Rite In Front Of Them
Registration options are now datetime tagged, so you can see when people make their choices when they decide to attend your events.
of course I am. At the crib.
I shoulda stayed! And we could have continued to beat Lucas at pool! Haha
Poorly chosen, but still intentional.
Where my breakfast at
The future is about collaborating together, using all trading relationships to drive value. -Alcoa at
It's like she's incredibly lonely. But too scared of getting close to anyone at the same time.
Just got bred by a dude from a4a. Waiting for the elevator and his cum is leaking out my ass.
Be at #CityHeat 2nite on Harris Blvd in CLT 2 celebrate my birthday! Food/drink specials n watch the games. NO COVER CHARGE
Yeah I like it a lot better too, I just wish I had more friends and family on it.
Don't you hate when people take so long to text you back that when they do, you don't know what the hell they're talking about?
headed to Triggaland turns on music on my phone
Sad day in America. No justice, no peace.
Anyone taking summer classes at Vista?
Turn up the music-Chris brown
@ The College Board Affinity Network kickoff on
I'd sort of rather not be in that dark alcove to the right as you come in but other than that, no preference
Saying Doyle is running for President in 2012 is not funny! Thats Wisconsin's worst nightmare.
ppl make things too complex... if ur happy... be content w/ ur happiness in the moment of it...
Heading to LA Market next week to do my buying for FALL for Yes, fall, people.
bring ur money tomorrow!!!
Prince binge day
Here we go...cutest ad ever! Great social media message too!
DONT SIT ON THAT BABY!
if you ladies book for tomm I'll take 20% off and you get a comp bottle of champagne
One of the guys who made Wimba was in my class last week. If it's anything like what he showed me, it's very very cool.
Why is everyone so
We're big fans of traditions, especially when they revolve around drinking beer. Hope you guys are having fun!
you like me know but lets' see later when i'll be torturing people's OTP LOL
#listen to RN page.
Open Saturday's at 10am and Sunday's at 9am! Get here early to catch all of the games.
Don't be crazy, I got TONS of blue jeans...
A blonde opened a hair salon next to a graveyard and named it Curl Up and Dye.
... ... and I love robots, too -- even had a robot startup way back in 1995!
Women that work
The epitome of an ASU grad
We laugh over memory now. Joy of music study: kids keep getting better. Hard work pays off! (except in case of our Superman)
#Racers are a 12-seed in the new bracketology. Yes, the season hasn't started yet. (Kentucky & Louisville are both 1 seeds).
Subway... EAT FRESH
you better get yourself together thn!“: yall better get off me bout this situation”
Pie pie and more pie.
": i'm perfectly ok being single until I see cute couples..." So effin true honest #Envy !
Wow! Great reviews and compliments for Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse - thanks!
what!!!! That pisses me off!!
Will somebody or something please start to sing?
#ThingsMyExSaid "I love you" wrongo you never did
I wana buy an ipad with my birthday money :D
PBA bowler Norm Duke will receive the 2012 Dick Weber Bowling Ambassador Award.
any idea where you can find stats on breakdown of financial naming deals of b-parks / arenas & fields of play?
I'd guess either typo or conditional probabily that a word that was identified as an outlier was actually an OCR error
I agree
- That's definitely my favorite record by them. :)
Weight Watchers and fitness program start today! wish me luck (:
I voted for Austin to go to London! You deserve to see him!<3
Wtf is there a distilled water shortage? Why do stores never have it?
my hair is a mess #TGIF and I'm on spring break
Why is so hot
Still on the topic of reality television, a better name for shows about families with over 10 kids should just be renamed "Human Hoarders."
#NewOrleansBowl 87 yd punt return for the Cajuns now up 13-3 over SDSU. ULL is playing some seriously inspired ball right now!
Can't wait to get it to you bro!!
burn this
These Cesar Chavez punks think it's cool to vandalize our property?! OK lil fukkers! Bring it! Ya messed w/ the wrong bitch now!
how did Macabbi/Copia go last night? I MISS YAH.
#nfb I Wounder is that her real hair in her avi
I WON, I WON! Thanks for the 2 tickets to see David Sedaris.
Share your favorite workout with fellow Medifasters!
Guys never verbally or physically harm your woman smh
thanks for coming. And I am now Duncan VP!!!
THANK YOU to institutions for hosting this crop of interns!
Thank you for #WW Wishes! Cheers.
lighten up
Sitting next to a table of library folk, but not terribly interested in networking.
Best of luck to you, Dave! LP&P will surely miss you.
Today was so annoying ..
were.u been?
I just need to say my prayers and go to sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
An 88 year old man just sang Rhinestone Cowboy to me on the bus.
I hope the surgery goes well and that she recovers quickly!
Homework flow....
that's the best kind... fun to watch but barely enough to qualify.
Thanks for the follow. Interesting ws.
Dead Boiled and seasoned to perfection yeah boi!!
#IdRatherHave my cousin back over everything else!!!!
One 10th Region coach on Happy Osborne to Montgomery County: "It's not rumblings, it's a fact."
Thanks, Dr. Ochs, my history teacher when I was a junior at , for making history coming alive!
I'm psyched about my new Mizuno running shoes, and can't wait to try them out on my 7 miler with tonight!
Same old doing some work drinking a lot of coffee and beer! just trying to do big things!
waiting for you to follow me thats all (:
Awesome Tents: We now have the Big Agnes Fly Creek UL2 Tent. It weighs only 34 ounces and actually fits two people! Perfect for backpacking!
I don't understand the #GOP; are we or are we not supposed to like our POTUS? So why spend money on ads?? Way to think it through
It is to easy to judge others, never met a perfect person yet, where is the fun in that?
Best Mexican food in LA? Ciro's at 705 North Evergreen, 90033
Welcome to Lin, our 700th member! Amazing growth in less than six months. Here's to the next six!
NY had a rain soaked Earth Day, how did you celebrate?
boy, you scared me! suddenly shout.next time give warning first lah.haiyo.
favorite basketball team?
cuz I got swag!!! Soggy watermelons and grapes!! C:
can you believe me yes me Dennis The Menace is calling it an early night. well gnight peeps im beat! got allot going on tomorrow.
my goodness. You are one lucky woman!!
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams
Okay its turkey franks and stuffing flavored beans for me today.
Can someone tel me why we r so wicked but if you like by the gun you will died by the gun i am a man of the!!!!!!! lord and man
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. -Vince Lombardi
Ugh I'm using spray tan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>not my fault it's 40 and overcast everyday in Chicago till like June lol.
Sorry I been gone for a min but im back
Will you give me a record deal if I call and annoy you?
We hope that you're having a great weekend. We are offering a FREE couples massage with a stay of 2 nights or longer in Feb!
just watched Virginia shut Princeton down. Great game. Klöckner Stadium is pretty cool
If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually i won't want it anymore.
your memory is as good as mind for that kind of stuff!
if want to achieve something large, look at small, concrete steps you need to take to get there
Woopwoop on my way back to md
unwrapping some boss neon xmas ornaments. anyone want to donate a lavalamp for the top of our tree?
#Marlboro, Preventing more sex then marriage.. RT #YouLookedGoodUntil I Seen You Put A Fat Ass Marlboro In Your Mouth...
play I spy
You will only be completely satisfied through Jesus. Nothing o this world will make you whole.
"We are in a collective mood of denial of what is moving us away from greatness" #CarrollUniversity commencement
Getting in #NYC today...
Army Strong Crig? Really?? That's so lame...how about the Few, the Proud.?
Never thought i would..
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
Proof that bigger co's are bad at innovation. “: RT : FB rolled out Timeline w/a team the size of a startup #gwsummit”
If Iowa can't count their votes right, they need to lose first in the nation status. Seriously.
And i went last time... are you gonna go?
"Morgan you better stop! I mean it I'll tell erin!" I thought I was gonna flip her outa her desk. did you see me?
Follow back?:))
you are amazing. can't wait to see you on the 28th.
Thank you so much Lori--we appreciate the love!
I don't believe in most friendships.
“: #3WordsOfAdvice... Take it Sleazy. #workaholics #may29”
we're having a soirée - treats, swag, makeup, brow shaping, discounts, styling & more! May 10 6-8pm.
enjoying special DC power players episode of #jeopardy. Relevant topics, light-hearted & kudos for charities benefitting young students.
Why thank you kind sir for the Saturday shout out, mucho appreciated. Have a fabulous weekend.
So far tonight I have inappropriately touched half our lineup. No regrets ;)
Pls instruct your outsourced reservations personnel that American women don't care to be called "mem" every few seconds.
Thanks! In Cupertino. Just finished my first month, so still pretty new to it.
There's no denying the Oeschmonster is a true Pacer's fan with those gloves he has.
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn't jump with them, I'd be at the bottom to catch them
cringe whn I check in to 4Square & it says "Come here often" thats X days in a row for U! Yes I have
"Respect yourself..dont let anyone push you into something that's not you.."
thanks (particularly enjoyed the end of the post)!
Does anyone love me?
It's 83-degrees today. A bubble wrap wardrobe is friggin' HOT (and itchy)!
Hi there!
my hubs told me about it ;)
LOL RT Study says women check their reflections 8 x a day. Number goes down to 3 if you don't count the Kardashians.
Newly shaved legs >>>
#wiunion #recallwalker is costing each tax payer about $2. Poor maintenance of #Milwaukee County, future cost to State millions!+Court cost!
i want to win is #1 Trending
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay |
Spinach and feta omelette with garlic and buttery bread. Everything tastes better after a run.
Congratz to Hunter Mahan! His game is steady.
Nice! Will do.
we cannot let them fall through the cracks... can help these
hahaha alright then:p
TONIGHT! Studio At Webster Hall!
That makes two of us! And the tee should be on your doorstep by sometime Thursday.
Thanks for the congrats, friends!
#DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray Magic Johnson's Dr
you're braver than me. I hope you get some rest. zombie at work, that's a no no. :)
I didn't know ale house played good music
How are you guys doing ?
smh I hate when that happen
Actually broke it last night....
So amazing! ^__^
thanks for the tickets I'm unfortunately unable to get off work :'( can I change the name to Gary Miller on the tickets?
haha when you lose your password on Louis CK's site you're sent a replacement that begins "numbnuts" followed by a series of numbers.
I think he'll do a GREAT job But,tell Soriano about the TUCK RULE don't pull your shirt out until last out is officially recorded
I am so over being unemployed... Blurg.
working on identifying bridges on the lantern slides in the J. W. Hoover collection. Who knew Arizona had so many bridges.
RT : It's appalling & depressing that so many self-proclaimed "patriots" are entirely ok with police brutality against our own people.
Loves reading right now soo relaxing..
Good luck to my friends @ #dbuc drupal camp. Wish I could have made it there
Had a great time partying at Knickerbocker's last nite with the famous, not so famous and other krazies!! Happy to get to a Holiday Party!
RT WHO the FUCK put vagasil where the toothpaste usually is on the FUCKING sink!!??! Wasn't me
If you want to have fun then do something crazi
Thanks for doing what you do. Do you include hostels in your list of places to stay? We are some of the most sustainable!
didn't even ask! I just did it hahaha :D
What's wrong man?
Just started SSTLS myself. Find myself looking askance at my iphone.
tryna play me al over twitter! Haha I will literally show up right now in a headband n sweatbands ready to go
These Bitches is doing the Most!!!
To answer your question, I will not be following you!
Surprised with some Hoptimus Prime last night. I suspect we'll dive into the '86 Orson Welles version for this.
been a busy last week, prob. gonna be AWOL for the next 2 weeks with school. papers, papers, and more papers
LIKE OMG I CANT BELIEVE I MISSED EVERYTHING ELSE
Last night's event was a success, thank you to everyone who came out! We will be posting photos of the event soon!
There are one hundred and ninety nine ways to get beat, but only one way to win; get there first. -Willie Shoemaker
i'll have a baby cousin by morning! :D
Thx for inclusion on your list! A couple of suggestions:
love the show, but some commentators have pointed out that he wasn't always the most effective president.
thanks Mike!
The Good Wife sure knows how to do promos. This new one has me giddy in excitement.
Hey Facial Ninja!
Spanish Is Faster Than English, But Mandarin Is Slow
Welcome & to the sweet 16 party!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 81
LOL at Blake Griffin
respects my bro... but its like boxing match with no rounds..
love these guys!
I haven't but thanks(:
#Ward5se If issues like conducive economic development, quality educational programming, & ethics matter, vote 4 my friend
Congrats!!! Something to be very proud of!
So no vote on best burger right now we have a five way tie. Chance to be in first.
i hear talkin about me up there..smh
Great job by tonight during the #newsjacking #meetup at
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 1026.
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me RICH!!!
What did Dropbox do that's got everybody aff'ing them out again? More power to you, just wondering.
It's a wrap Anaheim is winning 7-2. The Slap Shot has now Won 202 games and counting. On to the next one. Ching Ching.
Such a turn of when a guy lies ...
True true. And it only hurts u & haunts u with guilt when u lie...so I don't do it. For others & for myself.
click schedule
Midnight jog? Why yes!
Not being open anymore
Send summer excitement to the one you love..Free delivery call now 419-475-9646
School would seem a whole lot less scary if I had a growler to start my day. I'M SERIOUS.
Up next --- OnPulse
Dang, everyone here is so fashionable! I'm gonna have to steal everyone's amazing purses and shoes. Look out!
Love it
Kraft manufacturers tools for Asphalt, Concrete, Drywall, EIFS, Flooring, Masonry, Plaster, and Tile industries.
oh shit...am i getting sick? :(
At the Next Steps in Transforming Academic Libraries session
From one rumor to the next.
Let's get weird
Don't judge me, but tonight I will be drinking and checking 2500 lottery tickets of the $650 megamillions. Going to outer space when I win.
I wish woud pull something like that, wait she wouldnt.
had a wonderful night....
I'm lonely and bored, some one come and entertain me
Yes! Please give them a copy of your ID & a note saying they have permission to pick it up!
hahaha greg's name is matt? these magazines tell me things i didnt even know -_-
Feelin the burn:(
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.” — Beverly Sills
Drinking alone is not only okay, it's fun!
I'm making some hash browns. Potatoes were on sale.
BTW, it was cool seeing you in Ore. The Pulse looks like an awesome vehicle!
Finally a day in #seattle where you can bring out the #summer #fashion!
A #writer works to #publish and see his work get into the hands of #readers. Thoughts about money are secondary; otherwise, the writing dies
Good Monday morning time to get back on my Twitter game. Been slack for awhile. Today is going to be a blessed day.
exactly what I was thinking!
I need a photo shoot
Playin wit somebody mind is cool. But playin wit they heart is like homicide.
Thanks soo much! RT : You guys always round up the best stuff for readers
Liked it, tks for sharing : )
Back in the BXV
Going to see tonight! I'm excited. :)
Examine what is said, not who speaks.
Keep it up bro!!!
Stumbling is not falling.
hahahaha yeah I'm pretty sure he thinks we're dumb!lol(;
It kills me .. How so many people claim to be things their not.. Ohh but you GROWN though
Still waiting for your solution :-)
Sitting in the car in the walmart parking lot with
Hot tea
Love is not proving anything by adoring a person to show them you care or pulling away to show them your point.
lol thats a start. What you need to do is check out DRB (Domestic Republic of Beers) near the A. THAT will expand your horizons.
#Iheartvodka RT After a long day of wrecking stuff, I sure wish I had some of that amazing Polish vodka.
yay! RT : I BREATHE IT, I LOVE IT, I LIVE IT!...#MUSIC!
why such a reaction to 'performativity'?
Melissa Coleman speaks about her book "This Life is in Your Hands" on 4/4 @ noon! Rumor has it Whole Foods Market is donating cookies!
Happy Opening Day!!
Shot shot ahot!
Someone teach the rock how to do the fucking sharpshooter please... Or Cena to take a bump
Loving Parenthood right now. Major.
Too bad, I love chopped n screwed shit >.>
Food. Cherry limeade. Yummy!
"Let's Bring Back," a great book by Lesley M.M. Blume, the A-Z of all things wonderful in days gone by.
lol yeah i know! I was just saying that to myself the other day.. Can you like put it in a plastic bag and give to my bro
and I thought it was just a Miami thing
yes, I didn't meant to say people can't learn, just that it's a process, not an input/outpu relationship
"It's Dove age-fighting acne cream."
Shoulda driven to work today. No traffic and holiday bus schedule. Oh well, happy #VeteransDay!
Nobody admits fault anymore...
add a little hot sesame oil to your steamed breakfast spinach. added goodness.
No, Resses deserve better than that. They deserve to be enjoyed in immaculate condition.
Then I will have to shake my head at you. Shake, shake, shake.
excited to listen to speak at #ileadu this morning!
No female want somethin dats gonna tickle dem "I Dont"
"Check The Rhyme", Cat Power and Monday Morrissey makes awesome radio. Thanks!
Hey I think your twitter account got hacked. Change your password.
The release even refers to it as "among the most beautiful and intense films of the 1980s." Seriously? Inna Gotta Da Vita and a chainsaw?
High Risks CAN be dismissed given the proper documentation. www.phasei.com
Looking to clean the floors in your home or business? ...
You never know. I did that a lot too to get people to follow, some followed without me tweeting them just by doing that
We had a wonderful prayer gathering. You are a blessing to us all. thank you. John & Suzanne
New placements on Discovery Channel,TLC,MTV,M2, and more let's keep them coming!!!
Happy Valentine's Day! I love you. Will you marry me? Wait, I mean, come buy our frozen yogurt. Sorry - tweeting makes me overemotional.
Really, Stop and come to see us! Tonight is Wine Flight under $15 and Monday we have half off any bottles!
Stewart: The OLC opinion is binding on DOJ; policy shouldn't change
im good.
yes it is. & your face is a fail! -_-
2 hours in auditorium = 2 hour nap.
Hair... i got my own mobile business going diva Illusionz
But You Perfect For Me..
$429! That's insane!
effing shit, it hurts.
#nccetl les foltos dir. of Peer Ed. Promises to work to see every teacher-librarian in the country becomes peer coach in tech. integration!
What a gloomy day
Going to be doing a red eye flight..back to the east coast.
well you gotta point there
Hope you can participate in our Groundhog Job Shadow Day Feb. 2nd to show kids opportunities in your career field. DM us. ;-)
#IMissWhen could reply to everyone's tweet but now he has so many mahomies that it's hard...im still proud though <3
Spring is here! Lets make something together.
Got the run back, I'll take it. Now, THROW AT SORIANO!!!
Gates Education How can states collaborate and share best practices to benefit all states, all classrooms?
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
:) happy Wednesday!!
Just about everyone in OF has a cast on. Fuck going to that concert lol
You can say Merry Christmas...who's telling you you can't?
it's called diptic! It's a sweet app :)
Victor Cruz <33
It's been a long day.
congrats bro!
Not only do I LOVE being a called a hippie
Taylor May is always down. She'll stick her doggy tongue all the way down yo throat. ;)
yea yea it is omg i was lookin at pics of madison and my mom walked in and she said is that your boyfriend and i smiled :)
'The only person you should be concerned with being better than is yesterYOU.' -- Eric Barber
Also Secret Garden and Heartstrings
Hate-watching Skip Bayless gives ESPN the same ratings as watching with love. Please don't do it.
Loved the finale. Nice touch w/ going to foster system 4 adoption of an older child. Don't see it often enough on tv.
there's no air conditioning on the bus?
anything new and cool at the #BlackCatBar that I don't even know about?
it would have been sad if Eastern beat them. but they put up a scary good fight.
ha, I actually like that show and yes I watched it thanks to the playoffs last year
Hurrah!! 1,400 people "like" us on Facebook! We <3 our social media followers.
I love seein guys driving a mini cooper; an try to make up for lookin like such a pussy by driving as if they're starring in the Italian Job
Goodbye #Knicks season
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
Speaking at the National MS Society annual conference this morning in Chicago; hoping I don't trip on my way to the stage!
Heya! You're so sweet, will pass the note to Joy :) props on your driving skills!
oh yea??
uncomfortable silence by Len Kasper after that. Feel bad that he is stuck with Brenly, he's actually pretty good.
thanks, we are! Miss you too!
RT : Sometimes it feels like John McCain weighs in by accident.
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn't mean she’s complaining, it means that she trusts you.
It goes like this The fourth, the fifth The minor fall, the major lift The baffled king composing Hallelujah
Jude and I discussed it and we will be cheering for the 49ers and Ravens this weekend.
How many of you would follow my personal account?
I have this sinking feeling my pc is going to crap out on me...it seems it just can't keep up with me these days
Does your system integrate with pharmacy software? QS1 for example?
I don't hate it.
getting family going on video chat! Google version a little laggy though....
Thx for RT! Have a magical day!!
My first follower on this account was :)
Worried about gettin ur followers up how bout you worry about gettin your money up
He is such a great , sweet man. haven't see the Hunley yet..looks and sounds like a great film though.
Only took 7 mins to park at lenox! Not bad! Great shopping weather today!
no problem :)
^ Every cliche about kids is true; they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But...
Now I know what I'm bringing to the beach this summer - *SPOILED* looks amazing! Isn't writing YA fun?! Congrats!!
I see the cathedral y'all are headed the right way!!
Stop hating on chemtrails
well ur kinda ahead of my age.....
It's like selling guns at grocery stores.
tonight at in broad ripple! It's going to be a blast!
#10ThingsIHateAboutYou ugh Heath Ledger. Come back and love me.
Eating in Little 5 Points Atlanta, GA. We're all gettin burgers w/ blue cheese. M!
I put my pants on kicking and screaming just like every other three year old.
Happy National School Week! How has school choice impacted your family?
I'm skipping mine but it's up to you! I just don't want to be crabby and cranky. 'Cause that's how I get!
then those moments when i wanna burn you ! -.-
Lozis are not of one tribe. Malozi are the people of Bulozi or Barotseland – constituted by 37 tribes including MaMbowe, MaKwandi, etc
STUNNING apartment east 70's, doorman, elevator, HUGE 1 bedroom, seperate kitchen, washer/dryer inside unit - $3050
Thanks seconded. Great to connect!
So stack a guy at $10-$20 at Wynn, he's counting down his chips/cash, I cover but he says he wasn't play his $25 chip, 2 $5 chips.
Victoria can you follow me thanks.xoxo :-) BH
Happy Birthday sis <U+E418><U+E056>
RT : shout out to my dogs #laredosfinest leggs go!
Don't blow away, LA.
Sure Megan. Let's see what you've got.
You can have more, be more and do more because you can change the person you;are - Maria Green
We won today!! 6th Best Company to Work for Austin!!!
Just call me Patra
Home sweet home! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0><U+2764>
Or I have also asked: Where is your library now and where do you want it to be? Especially good if you don't see facility.
doing good!
thank you
So happy to be a part of ! You can now enjoy our tea at their Hawthorne & Downtown stores, and soon at the Mississippi one.
Of course Obama reverses his stance on gay marriage; it's election year.
With true love, the butterflies never go away. ;) goodnight <3
Some boy was playing "somebody that I used to know" in his guitar. Aww how cute.
I'll just assume the Midwest airs repeats of Regis and Kelly 24/7 on all channels
Regardlex of how many tymz our heart got broken, we somehow still get intrinsically connected 2 the one's we adore.
Interaction Design does not equal interface design
Today's A Big Day! - I'm Gonna Kill It!!
lol i know(: its ok(: it was funny haaha. and yeahh(:
that's what I'm trying to do, gain muscle
Dude, I still need a warped tour buddy.
Larry Fedora and UNC agreed on a 7-year deal. Five-year deals are usually standard for a new coach.
Took a 5-min call while on hold with Time Warner Cable. Didn't miss much. Still on hold.
Sometimes but not nearly as much as I used to.
I was glad that I met you both as well! We will have to keep in contact and continue to discuss business!
I have a lot of passion about a lot of things in life.
What's your fav trend so far for Spring 2012? NEONs 4me..I saw AWeSoMe spring booties w/back zip & hot pink neon material center!
Well #Cuse Nation we are about to see how deep our bench really is. I have faith in my #orange we will win this! lets go #CuSe!
If you don't listen to then you pretty much suck.
And both of those interviews happened in the same half hour. I love this show.
Walked to P's school to pick him up today. Still hurts, but it seems like it hurt less and was easier today than on Monday. Making progress!
Am I wrong in hearing a slight tone of contempt in the phrase "early adopter"? (rather like "premature moralist" but with less at stake)
These people got attitude
Make process thoughts: I learn better from listening&watching others than following written directions.
Top 2012 Models, Brands Honored for Lowest Projected Costs during Initial Five-Year Ownership Period DGDG is proud to carry 10 of them! Find
Give us a quip on our funny pics
Thanks for recommending your followers to follow us! We are following
The House just passed a bill designed to "break-up" big banks EVEN if they pose no systemic risk. Who are these f--king idiots?
“: Homesick as fuck...I miss hitting up all the festivals around Cleveland and passing out my mixtapes during the summers”
Can I get a: what! what!
Thank you to all the MEN AND WOMEN that put their lives on the line for our safety, freedom, and AMERIC's Future. God Bless you and keep you
Dads political advice for the day "mijo don't get caught with a stripper in your office" Hahahaha
me and my friends was running down the alley
wtf i gets it in
no gipper where is that
I hope you can too! RT I wish I was in Spain right now. I really hope I can go there for my study abroad
I have drank 64 oz of beer since I got to this airport 2 hours ago
Great allergy tips! Ever hear of someone losing their sense of taste from allergy medicine?
aw, you're too cute! <3
See, honey? Even people at bus stops have cell phones.
you got rodgers' number? think you could lend it to me? gotta give him some advice about women -- they're out to get him, man.
Gottah do it all over again, that means the first time was a waste of time!
i left friday.i be back tho real soon
Never regret something that once made you smile.
saltine challenge, hot sauce challenge...idk haha!
As shared recently on A&E's production, "The Drew Peterson Biography" (ORC) is ready to launch contractually: www.OnlineRehabClinic.com
will do! I know that's where I have the very best friends in the world!
Anybody wearing a B.U.M. Equipment t-shirt is definitely hard up for some cash
My account has been deactivated for violation of some law, can you imagine what a bad girl i am dammit hahahah!
I concur! “: very cool. Your pics so far have been awesome!”
GUESS WHO'S HAVING SALMON FOR DINNER?!?!?! THIS GIRL!!! ;D
I can't wait for friday!!!
Not feeling to good... Not done with my Christmas shopping and going to the mall tomorrow to finish,. It's about to be packed
Good night, Anita. I hope you had a great shoot today! :) I had a tough day at work and kind of tired.
For each referral that turns into a signed #website contract, I am giving the referrer a $25.00 #Outback #Steakhouse Gift Card thru April 1.
Thank you! The voting was for the 'red herring' final entry but won based on presentation - double hurrah :)
We know nothing about motivation. All we can do is write books about it | Peter Drucker
COCONUT COCONUT
Can be arranged. :) When are you here?
Congrat's on your Pregnancy! Bn following you for over 2years! Luv your products (2.5yrs natural). Plz support & follow us!
loves being alone. Solitude gives you time to ponder and consider and create without distraction.
Next year, I'm going to be bummed. I won't be a teenager anymore. I'll be 20. :s
Roddick out. No.
My Love Is Your Love <3
will have a ton of advanced info and strategies. will be great at covering the basics for you though.
SOLD OUT again, cant wait to see all of you !! > RT : Only 4 more days until ! :)
Come see the exhibition! Cheers.
": Bar Sign: Those drinking to forget please pay in advance."
Dr. Carlyle Chan receives the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Association for Academic Psychiatry
But on the realz, all these crab niggas know the deal - nas
Lies Like Rug
Feel like its Christmas Eve! Working all day and then headed to ALBQ w as soon as I can sneak out of here. Love road trips!
One down, two to go. I'm now in Houston headed for Vegas & then finally to Seattle.
“: I think MATH!!!! may be my worst enemy:/!!!! Princeton #Spreadthepeace #NOMATH lol:)” yes MATH
HAPPY SWEET 16 :D From Malaysia
Happy mother's day to all you mamas
Hey tweeps!Don't miss out on our presale!Today is the last day to get a 10%off your total purchases. Use code GLMLAUNCH! @ greylinemap.com
People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love. People throw that word around like it's nothing.
Excitement and Fear often feel the same physiologically. In my next audition, I notice any fearful energy and label it excitement.
GREAT INSIGHT
you would what?
If croutons are stale bread why do they come in airtight packages?
- irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God.
I hate when people assume they know everything about me, when they don't know the first thing.
Just broke my nails grrrr. Party people. Good night
Assists, going for rebounds, scoring 16 in the 4th isn't considered determination or real basketball?
regular oven has the heating element on bottom and top. Convection has a fan on back "wall"
It time for some fall cleaning! Call us today @ 586 663 0054
ALL I wanna do is step outside n Scrap....I dnt give a fuck with who....its been to long since my last fight...
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Wed, May 16 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
Make me some please :)
If you own a business or run a website you should check out the calendar widget by SquaredOut. You can embed it on your site in seconds.
I didn't realize I could lift one eyebrow higher than the other until that last pic I tweeted, very interesting.
Fa sho, shoot me your math in my DM... Orphanz™
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 52F FAIR
I pick up a pencil so rarely now, I feel like it would be worthwhile to make an effort to go old school more often.
Missed the memo that the whole college is playing the back nine.
i couldn't find the wheat matzos on your downtown location so had to go elsewhere :(
Better get this field goal!!!!
A week til nanowrimo still no ideas and I need a laptop
Mostly here to read funny/interesting things and maybe write some. Will also be satisfied with pictures of cats.
Zusi is playing
#Lacrosse at the same time. I own it.
www.erlang.la User Group is happening tomorrow. Come join us at HQ (Thanks for hosting)
Things to do today. 1. Get up 2. Survive 3. Go back to bed
Men,be bold with ur personal style, you may even develop a signature style that others will notice
Where do my UK followers stand on #ManCity's quest for the EPL championship? An inquiring Yank watching the match vs QPR wants to know.
would be happy to. let's plan on meeting up after morning sessions. maybe i'll be able to make contact in person.
A #television audience is just innately more engaged than anywhere else...
Rage Comics are really entertaining.
one of my favorite things to have for breakfast! Enjoy!
"my<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7>brings all da<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6>to da<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE>and they're like, it's<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>than yours, damn<U+27A1>, it's<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>than yours. i could <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>ya, but i'd have to<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>”
I haven't heard from Suggs, his agent, or the #Ravens regarding the injury. So I can't back up the story.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours. Richard Bach
how u been girlie!!!
Something is going to happen?
just saw my first Tesla electric car on the roads of NYC... it wasn't all that.
your personal sessions only display to you, regardless of the publicness of your conference schedule.
Bumpin The Weeknd heavy right now, probably for the rest of the night too.
I'll add it to the site ASAP.
Feels good to help I'm really gonna hook them up and walk them all the way to the finish product...
People always regret how they treat you after you leave. By then it's too late to fix things. 11:28am
Do u got any
You may end up dancing the monopolka. Be careful, and give my regards to KGB Bar.
OPEN to serve you today til 10PM with a HUGE Clearance SALE. 50% OFF all Holiday Music & 30% OFF all Art & Photo books Mon. & Tues. ONLY!
oh yeah! Are you taking your wsm!?
it's all gucccii <U+2665>
Omg her butt looks like one from those 70 year old cat lovers
We're minutes away from the Sweeney Todd Shave-Off! Live music, discounted food/drinks! Why aren't you here yet?
thats horribly wrong we all know it basketball!
100 likes on my facebook status? gosh why am i so popular
good meeting up today. Looking forward to good...I mean great things from your #Depaul MBAs!
your old floor must have raptured.
It's like I have to re-introduce my dog to snow every 3 weeks now.
You are more than the chooses you make, you are more than the problems your create.
What does "totes" mean?
Just throw a quick pick6 so Brett can get to bed. He'll get incontinent and bloated if he stays up past 12.
It's still just rumors. This one is particularly awesome however and worth following IMO.
Just saw the news -- many congratulations!
STOP!! Trust me... a TV like this is an INVESTMENT!! Better to spend $500 for a damn good one that will last
Been with baby all day.. The movies was fun... <3
RT : MJ said "heal the world' honor his legacy by participating in national HIV testing day June 26, 2009
any time!
RT : Your #resume should capture your personality, not just your #work accomplishments.
Like a flower I want to be The one that you grow to Dangerous power between you and me How I long to save you
follow me sweet pea lol
Yes but the still know your there!
Thank y'all for coming! Sorry we missed your set.... hope it was fun!
“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.”<U+2015> John Lennon
twas no joke, and for clarity i DID make reference to yourself..... :-p
it is the same "type" but it depends on the level of strain. If it's mild, 2 weeks, if he tore it, he's done. All in degree.
Good night, everyone !
...Oh I know why, cuz everybody wanna be the "1" instead of us all, many fist will always have more impact than 1...
Finally the #Heat learn to milk the clock and not make stupid turnovers late
Firetrucks at the library: whom to believe...the librarian or the digital humanist?
I'm so glad #community is back. Watching it with :D
Just a thought, everyone needs a hobby. If your side-business was a hobby converted into a business, unhappiness follows.
": We say what we feel then we stop ourselves."and just walk away
y'all dont invite me places bitch!
1 in 6 adults admitted that they have agreed to sex because they were embarrassed to say <U+FFFD>no<U+FFFD>.
Watching and they put Pink and Christina Aguilera ahead of Britney Spears in the 100 Greatest Women in Music? Uh.... *z snap* ... No.
I've seen the first season of Deadwood and I can't wait to finish it. God damn Netflix for not having it on streaming.
Now you sound like Tom Brady's wife. Lol. Jk.
You're a hot mess. Emphasis on the hot part. And the mess. Not gonna lie, you're kinda crazy sometimes.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy..but heres my numb-- NO. SHUT UP.
I'll be home soon enough!
sounds about right. Hahaha, where did you read this shhhtuff?
i follow back you follow me first.
should be experiencing some of the #sxsw tech events, but instead working hard in the office!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly you should join the circus,you'd be an instant hit
Was at your reading yesterday, but had to hurry off somewhere. Great to actually hear you! Looking forward to meeting you today
Have a spectacular weekend!
I don't think the pothole even comes close to comparing to last night
At cirque du soleil in Indy with my favorite person.
- Im Bad feat ...Dope Shit
stupid eli
trough twitter we started talking gave him number and its been like tht ya i dnt like anyone at school so only way i find my bfs jk
Going on Tuesday with #alittlescared RT I feel god.
Perhaps that's what was in those Bugles!
nice day to golf
Head cold today. I guess I should rest.
Gotta say, it's an odd mix of humanity at the Willie Nelson show. Basically exactly what you'd expect.
I have. Long story. I'll tell you at break : )
“: I'm drunk and wana fuck #whyarentuhere #hurryup #crazygfproblem” that's when girls end up fucking up relationships
RT : Talking Baseball with 's Allan "Bud Selig" on April 10, part of 's Robert Taylor Lecture Series:...
some females just dnt know how to play their cards thats y they're forever single
More peeps that r awesome @ whut they do POOF!!!!!!!
Hey Milwaukee comics! Did you know that Milwaukee Comedy is a great FREE place to promote yourself? Jimbo told me so! xoxo, Vine
Lessons learned....students still have to find the best way to study..not everyone will adopt technology for learning.
#dhtrial Also I did long distance photo doubling of Nathan, Kyle and my hand stabbed "marcia's" fake pregnant stomach and my feet broke in
lost 1 pound since his last weigh-in! He's lost 19.6 pounds so far.
I feel like throwing up
They can't hold me down
Nope! It'll be worse.
your mom can be better then that
Ran my first two legs if #ragnarsocal in #Kinvara3's. Switching to the Type A5's for my final 14.9 mile leg.
“If a guy is acting as if he doesn’t give a shit, he genuinely doesn’t give a shit.”
Love you, Snooks! ;D
It correlates, but it doesn't equal. I want the best game as well gameplay wise too. We both use alotta energy. Good stuff
SPEAK NOW!:) : If I see either one of those idiots today, I won't be afraid to speak my mind.
sounds good!
Another Sunday...you know what time it is #HAILYEAH we in Toronto to get that W today!
mee to! Did you cry? Because I cry a lot
Bitch if u wear sweatsuits n ponytails every day kill yoself
lol that was you at that Young Life thingy?
Shout out to my nigga tony_t
it was good, i'm always dazzled by how tricky people are at things like that. and always think they should meet you.
”What's up with you? Not much. What's up with you? Not much...what's up with you?”
I just wanna go home -_- I mean being kidnapped by friends is cool and all but......
Help stop Child Abuse - read true story - "I've Always Known" on amazon, only you have help, tell a friend, child abuse is real
I love my parents <3. They are awesome!!!!!!
Back @ the County Line on Lake Austin tomorrow with Walker Martin on fiddle! 6-9pm
I didn't know they still existed
I won't be on twitter for a bit, don't unfollow. Follow me on instagram: ClaudiaRomina :p take care everyone! Xx
Just returned from Minneapolis. A lot of talk about new Vikings stadium. Don't you need a team first before you build a stadium?
lmk when you get the answer
I agree & we do use #r for pilot experiments &c., but #mallet is easier to integrate into e.g. web viz apps.
#FF BlueGrace sponsored fighters #UFConFox May 5 !! Can't wait for the event!
If i had a penny for everytime you were on my mind i would only have a penny because you never were off my mind.
I want to find someone that can create a high energy intro video in a week.
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? #GOODask” Smart.
My mind is blown. And I agree! RT Overheard today: "I think should come twice this week."
It don't matter your race, just take a blunt to the face.
This ADHD though...
good morning luv
Havel leaves a stable democracy in his wake. Il Jong leaves an unstable dictatorship for us to worry over. Sorry.
mosquito's suck
Thus fortified with strong coffee and Jordan almonds, I shall complete the grading today. I SHALL.
I'm up for the challenge
Bieber Beats Kim Kardashian as Most Searched Person of 2011.
It was so great to work with you for the month of March! Congrats on such an amazing job in the community!
Rolling Stones at Forest Hills, 1966. I was there!
i love you <3
if you are at the store buying d-con for the mouse that you use on your computer you might be a digital redneck!
This day already sucks.
MMIC --->>> Mary Jane Permit
Very thick fog out there this morning. Give yourself some extra time traveling.
Noah gets hurt & the crowd goes wild! That's fucked up kinda. Hahaha but it's funny as fuk
If peeing your pants is cool consider me Miles Davis
Common midterms are the worst. I would have already been done for the day.
I like cuntries with good vaginal exchange rates
#ItsFunnyHow you brought that up on the first day of black history month. More like ironic but whatever hopefully you got it.
nothing like a little hootie and the blowfish to make for a productive monday :)
I appreciate it. :) Thank you.
no one else like her...b4 or after...mainly posting this one for educational purposes to a certain "writer"..
Heard the son in the other room cheer on that goal! Kinda pissed me off.... #BadMother I take my #CAPS seriously!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause damn your face is fucked up ! ;)
Mr.Keisel your thoughts so far on our Draft.Decastro,Adams and Spence..
Worn Jeans twice this week already and the duvet/comforter is back on the bed...
well then let's have that conversation Billion times more. :P Fine Then. We are equally the same. How was your birthday? :)
I've put it off long enough, time to build out the networking piece for the VMwolrd lab with my old enemy Visio...
lol! That doesn't even compare to what I was like watching that movie!
heck, it wasn't like this back in 2002 when i did my first linux install with Gentoo. These dang kids and their Ubuntu!!
btw....#josereyes is bush league. Mets fans deserve better then that.
Excited to meet at tonight's meeting! Bringing my canned goods for too! Will I see you there?
welcome!:)x
you are most welcome
sorry for the massive amounts of tweets!
so hows everybody doing tweet me if u want 2 follow me ill follow back
we'll just see about that!
I think 99% is pretty inclusive, I haven't seen any antisemitism, or any exclusion at all , really.
Your welcome! Glad you liked it! :D
Starting #2012 off with cold pizza and playstation 2
Absolutely agree. RT : T2: I think this is an issue where the minority rules the majority... Most arent skeptical.
Big shot maker
Thanks for following, Alex! :-)
Don't dwell on what went wrong, figure out what went right and do more of that!
Words of wisdom from my young friend .. "Tomorrow, Another Day -Another Opportunity! #wordsofwisdom be proud
Discussing Fridays SJ Bike Party this evening. Any comments or suggestions? How was the bike powered music?
no prob gwyn some girls like that.im just nota fan. guys just do it to show off and it's embarra on their part cause they can't pull it off.
You best get to Tweetin, Cuuuuz....Share your words of wisdom with the TwitterVerse. haha
Omg ! Come on Patriots ! #super bowl
are you replacing Tiger! Welcome to the tour. lol
Overheard on Manhattan subway: "Me and my boyfriend met at White Castle".
Good luck to all the marathoners! Stay safe!
Entertaining drive in this morning (despite the traffic) laughed out loud at both and on
tweet people
National Coffee Day? Are you kidding me? enoughisenough. Go sit in the corner.
You know I really do have the best family in the world!!! Thanks family.
if I'm Mr. Tebow I follow that jersey right to the end zone
Had a great time today doing a read threw with today 4 our upcoming film #HearMeWhisper #BRT fans will see new side of Melissa!
Word of the day: majie (Chinese). To curse the street. This is pretty much what the Occupy Wall Street protesters are doing.
Not again... The cycle is repeating itself.
Never do something you don't want to explain to the paramedics later.
I can't right now. I CAN'T RIGHT NOW
It's decided. I'm learning to play the blues. Well maybe haha
lol I need to lol god night cutie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>lol
He was one of the people who voted no on the Middle Class Tax Holiday. His reason was that it would cut into SS.
Wait till you hear "Beautiful Day" by George Centeno. It could be the big hit in 2011. Massive buildup and big floor sound!
A brand new natural detoxicant - a refreshing slap in the face after a night of drinking - BuzzkillR
Don't get confused between my personality & my attitude. My personality is who I am & my attitude depends on who you are...
Remember when we dominated JV? Hell yeah senior year!
Arby's is actually good, what are you talking about
In short, I'm doing OK, and have started with very short runway. Am at user research stage derailed by pink-eye. TMI?
Who Hacking Justin Shit?!
Deep up in deep up in Deep inside your love
Please read that last with as little melodrama as possible. Point is, we're too young for this crap aren't we?
Can't sleep
Thanks David! I will take a look at this tomorrow.
is changing the #world one #woman at a time. Hear about her project Shine on Sierra Leone and how you can help.
Someone should do a writeup on congress members mastheads & what sort of msg they're trying to send. Issa has hot air balloons over a field
Like Lisa Marie Presley? Really?
finally i'm up. much needed sleep last night after 5 days of lack of it, plus the trip to the park with little lady really was the KO punch
do sponsors' past success help to predict future bill success? not sure how you'd figure that tho.
Love this!!!! #GOODLAWD! would be the operative word!!! Amazing...Follow your boy back....
Matty and Jenna are meant to be together! ah,
Yeahh. Oh well :)
Me please!
Ashlee Simpson covering Dave Matthews band is possibly the worst sound I've ever heard. It was like bleeding out of my ears.
was that "why" intended to be a "what"?
lol cool cool
Shiiiiit, #prom better be all that and more
*starts chugging nyquil bottle*
Good friends w/ as well...So I am always reppin your vids too! Lol :)
In the shade
Second record so far during the Mega Pain Drive from Texas to Chicago. Probably gonna listen to a third before this is over.
on the extra $1M, I'd do it for that Willis was always better in the NL than AL in has career, & fan base would apprec. the effort
“: Did you know "DIET" stands for: Did I Eat That?”
MT : Exciting find: #homemovies of #Omaha, NE African American community residents & activities, late 30s-early 40s. Soon 2b online!
i see your runaway smile.
And presidential candidate.
bitch stop playin wit me!
fasho, just submit em im the site and ill make sure they're featured. Hmu if u need beats/ mixtape host etc..
I can see more of your face!
Just put the finishing touches on our food stamp fraud story for tonight at 10 on It's pretty shocking.
what choices ? Lol
don't hate. he's the only male i know who's not going to try and have sex with me. cats are where it's at.
We're OPEN! Parking is available on the side streets. See you soon!
I hate feeling like this
Olive green with wood paneling forever
There is only 3 people left on idol. So why do they have it on for 2 hours.?
cant wait till i get your book!! it will be legit;)
#StupidAutoCorrect..."Know" anyone?
I think you're pretty much awesome.
my air is even newer, and has a core i5, not duo.
wht it is so i could check u n ur babi out
Damn, I forgot how awesome Logan's Run is.
I can't believe the school year is just about half over... Time is certainly flying by.
I love when I see a typo after I have sent a tweet. Crap! Lol
I agree, but I don't think he'll let himself hit so long as he's their only steady offense.
Hahahahahaha was this bc of my boss tweet?!?
awesome, good to know. I'll get started on it soon thanks
yeah the question was how's it over there in Miami then in Texas? (:
Just graduated.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Hubbard
If ur looking for a new blog that will make you literally LOL then make sure to check out Absolutely hilarious!
what you doing man?
haha exactly :P
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
wow can't wait for an interview with you. you know we are located in miami beach
Wow, I've been off twitter all day and I have to say, I'm extremely touched by all the well-wishes from my friends.
yehhh that's not me...
Hill with 29
happy bday shy gurl....u home?
try now
Spurs vs. Clippers! Where u at ??
Fixing up my intro of last unit on Silk Road for tomorrow. Any cool resources?
tell that to Michael Moore
how much?
#GLEE hypothesis: Rachel doesn't get into Niata (is that right?) and comes to instead? #pleasepleaseplease WE HAVE BUNNIES!!!
If We Ever Forget That We're One Nation Under God Then We Will Be A Nation Gone Under - Ronald Reagan
Oooookkkkk...i'm ready!
I'm good I never see y'all when I come to the city
forgive your enemies, but don't forget their names
RT : "could somebody please tell BBC's news presenters how to properly pronounce Louisiana?!" That's Looziana, BBC
HOW ARE YEW
Good Morning. Leave me a message if you got time and/or check out www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a good day
Thank to all who came out to St. Luke`s grand opening of the all new Heart Institute! We had Liverpool, Ida McBeth, and The KC All Stars!
I hate micromanaging
I'll stop saying red rocket :)
Committed is going to win the sing-off
Well Yum!
Goin to church(:
IMPROVISERS! I'm looking for good warm up exercises for 2-person team. Recommendations much appreciated!
I think school is overrated.
my mom Passed away after 8 years of me watching her suffer and get worse every day for 8years and 4-26-08 she died
The universe is not made of Atoms, it is made of millions of tiny stories. — Joseph Gordon-Levitt
It was weird because my sister and this other person asked me around the same time and don't know each other.
#maisloucoque nun-see just got a sneak peek of that new Nancy record engineered by John McEntire of Tortoise it is amazing!
Sleep is fucking impossible because these thoughts of mine keep me up.
Workforce: sustainability is a big problem with all arts-engagment.
Thanks for the heads up...hope you're well!
I have this red pen... And now there is red ink on my arm and shirt... HOW? -.-
VA - Tree Of Life - OUT NOW!!!
okay tho you saw my new pic of a real Mexican Stevan is??
Question about vouchers. Emanuel: I don't believe in private money for public school system. But I support school choice. Hmm...
My car looks like I hit the shit out of Tinkerbell!
be GRAND. stand GRAND. live GRAND. while eating nutella ;>)
New flavors: Banana, Blue Moon, Dreamsicle, Mint Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Red Velvet, and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough.
We have FREE Bus to Fla for Trayvon Court Case...
The women of The Help are killing it tonight at the
Apparently my street has become Loud Truck Junction this week.
Going to see it today - AMC Barrington 30 Theater! I've heard all good things so far.
My friends rock.
That game hurt more then the blowout.
Not if Bosh can't play. And never count out the Spurs. They're as deep as the 76ers and they actually have star power.
your not the only one who loves the name scarlet I would name my daughter i"cough " I mean our daughter"cough" Oops xD fail
It's Barry Switzer's 74th birthday and #OU still #sucks!
Heartburn and sleep be damned, I'm going to the gym.
lol uhm im on my phone.,
I'm trying to think of a cataloging joke
glad to hear :]
Do they refund the difference? Sounds like this has been a fun project! :)
what's good buddy? Good luck next week!
do you want to only display part of the post its self, or are you truly using the post excerpt field in the post editor?
How long?
One Love
I would just like to add that I HATE Funny Games.
RT Fitness experts say thatonly a small percent of your meal should be comprised of fat
sure, it's in my bag--remind me if I forget
Who does a class project in the last six weeks of school?
diversity training?
COUPLES NIGHT! COUPLES ENTRY 2-for-1!
Let your presence be felt! Like Barry said - tweet your local representative to let them know how you feel
Stoked to welcome to as our new Marketing Manager :)
Lance, I'm looking for a somewhat inexpensive but awesome app for web development on my Mac. Any recommendations? Thanks!
Teressa Valla- I create and order is transformed.
haha it's a joke
nice photo i love all the black and then the purple and red, cool image !
I asked my dad what he wants for his birthday and he said nothing but a gold rolex with diamonds xD this foo
it's about time!
seeing a fighter of your caliber content to simply "get the W" is like watching Blake Griffen do an hour of layups.
Nothing like leaving the house at 530 in the morning
I am pretty good at remembering them tho
best part about being a college kid: you can drink no matter what day or what time it is and it's perfectly acceptable.
my ears are still ringing from today. hah.
Not enough D from the
#ala2009 - For Meet the Author events in the exhibit hall, are there books to buy there to get signed? Or do we bring our own copies?
Whats on TV?
I wasn't there for cheesecake. Was cashing in on my Bieberclaus gift certificate from KD. You catching some rays?
Hi there. Any info on Panthers' Draft Watch parties Thursday night?
Ridiculousness & Napoleon Dynamite. Ftw. With Paypay :P going back &forth^.^ i miss Rob &Big anna Fantasy Factory ._.
Drawn Dead Pro Takes down $15 thousand pot in first hour of action..total over $18,000
The test wasn't as hard as I expected.
Peaceful Litigation Settlement - Emphasizes negotiating your case without the court making the decision.
but after riding a bike for a year, there's still some idiots in cages that need to learn to drive.
We're students promoting the honda crz hybrid by collecting/recycling cans to fund road trips. We'd love your support!
Do I smell a Ted's Take? What rhymes with Pedro??
Thanks for being our guest and giving us a great review!!!
no. He's on his own this trip. You going?
It's 8 AM, I've been at work since 6, and I already have garlic-breath.
“: I would go in on this #ghettodreams TT but I feel like all the white ppl are getting too much of a kick out of it” yes we are
Following. Please follow me, Katt! I LOVE your tweets and I love you because you're a funny guy!!!
Trial of accused #freeway shooter Stephen Dragasits could last 5 weeks. He faces attempted murder and other felonies from 4/11 incident.
Funny I am getting more work done while listening to the Casey Anthony trial. Gets me in paralegal mode :-)
BookHolders needs USF students to sign up for flyering!! Come in to the store ASAP to sign up!
LeBron James' Latest Comments Prove Miami Heat Star Is a Loser - Bleacher Report
Keep up the good work! “: Day 3 of training for the ... Start with a 3 mile beach run. LEGGO!!”
Watched "The Help" last night, a riveting drama with a predominantly female cast that doesn't come across as "chick flick." Four Oscar Noms!
Someone hang with me, I'm in camby all alone :(
Congrats to and for take-off today!
Good morning! :-)
Ribs, potato salad, corn-on-the-cob, baked beans, and iced tea. Medicine.
Cameron in Parliament on phone-hacking scandal
Man. Brad Dougherty is taking no prisoners.
thanks! Appreciate you taking the time to let us know.
I do have to admit you are one of the baddest bjtches at our school lol ;D haha
RT : RT Adversity causes some people to break and others to break records. Break a record today!*
Why can I not look away from spoilers? Why?
yes he's amazing and what about there clothes omg!
I actually don't care to help dad with the cows. The baby ones are adorable! <U+E52B><U+E52B><U+E52B>
That's very creepy of you, Adam... but yes they did. " tell me they got a close up of you smelling her hair..."
Today is Blue Friday at work
My grandmother just called Zac Efron a hottie. I can't even with her.......
RT I look forward to meeting you next week! #ATLProfile <Look forward to meeting you too! Thanks for your interest in ATL Profile!
great webinar #socialtruth - packed with great info. Marquis Jet??
great get Rachel!
Wade do ur thing! #Heat nation stands behind you!
I'm not trying to be creepy just having fun...
OH! I should have mentioned, we were referred to this case by your friend that you referred to us for the trust (MM)! So, really ...
oh girl i gotta tell u somethin juicey!!
Thanks for the shoutout, Jeff! Hope you enjoy "Founding Rivals."
We'll save a seat on the couch for ya!!!!
Please!! is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!1
President Carter, young money Democrat - Wayne
Excited to see another autumn, it's such a perfect time of the year! Also, there are plenty of great shows and albums coming up very soon
DM'd you hannah
I banished every memory you and I have ever made ..!
Prob. Not RT : #nyy #yankees ... will TEX make good on his ST promise to BUNT on occasion, just to get them to shift less ??
Anyone tried our delicious ?
ya, I was bored and not tired
Thank you. I agree. Amazon Publishing does a great job designing all of my covers.
yo, what's busier... bridgeville or robinson at 530?
THAT isn't the free market; that is oligopoly using power, money and influence to continue to funnel $ to the top. #sustainability /end rant
Pinnacle Airlines files for bankruptcy in U.S
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken. tonight I'm letting go
Can you tweet a larger photo of your T.O.C.?
Toure is in LA today, working out for The Lakers. Good luck
what the heck is a umami burger?? Lol
My house just erupted with cheer when my kids found on NBA2k11. drafted in the 6th and think evone else is crazy for passing on him
I feel like the Romneybot may need an OS upgrade.
I don't know if you're supposed to?
: We feel your pain! There's nothing like a cold shower in a foreign country to make you awake and alert...
Need help!! How do I pass a drug test
Watch makeover show on Veterans that aired Friday. Inspiring and tissues needed...
I wonder what the record for tweets per minute is
1/2 of my double done at work. & I'm ready for round two!! #CashFlow $$$$
Bissinger says that The University of Chicago was part of the Big 10 and took #CFB out to save academics. It's possible to ban
so true though! You would much rather cuddle with Abby than with me :(
I'm lookin pretty rough right now.
is wow factor and some people may be horrified.
The conversations we have in health class. Im really suprised things arent akward.
Get at me on instragram
is officially verified.
its not english !
- ask Stumpf why there's no relief for people that pay their bills. We own 2 homes & are land lords because we can't sell!
watch the game yet?
Friday, Oct. 15th Emmy Award-winner Wanda Sykes brings her smart-witted stand up comedy back to the Chi Showroom @ Planet Hollywood
Hey - Any news on what to do with my white Lumia 900's purple screen?
yess you are. i like die a little inside everytime i see you. :o
Voyages to Antiquity wins Best Guest Speakers in 2011 U.K. cruise awards. Eager 2 sail again as part of award-winning team!
Love the book. Love the interview.
Thanks for sharing with everyone!
Dana - Greg is ALWAYS a special treat :)
New layout and updates coming to hierosonic.org soon, including a new merchandise store front. Stay tuned...
In two hours I will be coaching my football team to another victory and we will be 6 and 1 and on to the playoffs.
what's up?
I hope Brian Long appreciates the cursing on KSR today.
yes it is! Good luck with that. :-)
Feeling extra tired today, day off tomorrow though<U+E057>
Haha darn! Can you eat chicken wings?! Weds this month I'll be at Riviera. But we'll need to find a bets off night soon too!
finals next week. drive home on friday
SO Kenyon won't be back with the Nuggets? ": JRs playing in china, kenyon's bck in Dallas chilling"
It's #Monday and I already feel work out. I think I'm ready to #retire and move to Florida.#justanothermanicmonday ?
I just saw that poll in the #MKE Biz Journal re #streetcar project. I didn't realize opinion was that unfavorable. Me, I'm not sure.
Let those who have never violated the sanctity of the marriage vow be the ones to say a same-sex union violates the sanctity of marriage.
oh oka....cool the one i use to use was yellow and it had a diff lay out. I think you could open it from your browser.
My family is constantly trying to play matchmaker
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on San Arcana in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
So it's official my family loves my bf because they have no problem taking him to meet the rest !(: I can't wait to show him off.
The Baltimore's own love story on the west side is being shared in about an hour. Wall#8 Plaque installation 330 N Howard St
Family party!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Tension relieved! Video done! I love technology.
Thanks for the recent RTs:)
I'm taking a break from life...
The phones are ringing OFF THE HOOK! So much so that we apologize for long hold times today, but you can also purchase by fax or in person!
FINE WIT ME
This storm is shaking my house like a damn earthquake
#NextGirlfriendRequirements not to be on some games, funny, and they aren't depressed 24/7
RT : I WANNA GET YOU IN THE BACKSEAT WINDOWS UP THAT'S THE WAY YOU LIKE TO FUCK.
Seattle peeps: I'm selling a toddler car seat & kitchen booster seat, & giving away a dresser. Ping me if you want photos.
I wish , and would notice,RT and follow me someday it would mean the absolute world to me!!!!!!
that's my understanding
LoL its a leftover convo from yesterdays Beach Pics. ;p
The museum is honored to have On display for the world to finally see. It is time everyone starts Believing.
Vlut: A virgin that acts like a slut
thanks to everyone that celebrated the holidays with us last night at Turner Hall! such a wonderful concert <U+266B> photos & videos coming soon...
Not cool Will not be watching Sarah Palin tomorrow.
Call time is at 5:30 for Yuletide.. So I gotta leave here soon :/! I'm scared and I don't wanna do this.. But wish me luck anyway..
Online PDF battle: vs. Who is best?
Band at liberty & 23rd playing Batman theme....
very funny fursty!!! I am straight lol
Oh my god he's so damn hot! <U+2665>
thanks! May stick with WP for the time being -- it's not that I don't like it, it just seems a little like overkill sometimes.
Thank you! www.undergroundwonderbar.com tonight 8-10:30pm stop in and see me...
heyy! Any advice for life and music ??? :) I love you soo much q
RT : Create a three month #strategic calendar for releasing your new product. Work backwards from Launch date
same here girl. Lets be loners together.
Per usual, I'm rockin everything (white, byfrnd button-up oxford, blck sheen pencil skirt & a skinny python belt
what it do steph!!! I BEEN following you!!!
:) I am SO excited to stop by your desks on a tri-daily basis
Watching a scary movie. This movie is too funny! Lol
lies. Clearly the man was abusive.
Nice. RT : Just played craziest WSOP Sat on I'm real excited to represesent them in the Main Event again in 2012!!
The only part of my body I like is my eyes. Yeh so pretayyyy
: Happy Birthday girly! See you Saturday :)
You can add your photo to the Mark Twain Bench flickr pool :)
yes yes yes!
No. 3 Denver is the only higher seeded team to win tonight in the SBC Tourney today: No. 5 N. Texas, No. 7 WKU & No. 9 Arkansas St. all won
RT wanna meet me and for drinks for their bday? We have 2 hours left!
I miss you muchly <U+2665>
Glee By:Chris Colfer,Darren Criss<U+2665>
:: Here come the Hawks... the mighty Blackhawks!
R.i.p. the misqito i just killed. on another note haha sucka u dead
Trip from salt lake is taking FOREVER!!!! Seen 6 truck blown over from the +60mph winds. This is crazy :0
There are much worse things to be. Cusack is the man. :)
gotcha. Good luck!
new boner city?
UNR students rock! This week (it's only noon on Friday now) we have printed 165 posters! Good going students & employees!
your bliss? lol
I have never tried one, sounds good!
Baby you light my world like nobody else
S/o to my new follower Long time no see.
Happy late birthday We're all pulling for you! :)
Any career is possible if you opt for online college education. Step into the world of IT, become a lawyer or take on nursing
dude you're not even that great, hop off your horse and pull your head out of your ass.
i only wish it was fresher data
Deadpool or Highlander...what do you think I want more?
Damn these women, . . all they do is talk about EACH OTHER
I have not been on twitter all day!
oh okay gotcchhaa
Knock 'em dead tomorrow!!!
Elevation Burger in Fall's Church is a bit of a trek but worth it!
He sounds like a smart, humble man!
False. Think that everyone you start to date will be you're hus/wife is how you SHOUKD think.
sparky is going to do it or you. Get 80 quid in the sock and get to blackpool.
I can see that.
She's going to say something like, "If I hadn't said anything, people wouldn't have voted for you." RUDE
Thanks for the #Wordpress plugin profiling report from !
Satisfaction is not always the fulfillment of what you want; it is the realization of how blessed you are for what you have.
So I ordered my first Gluten free Vegan cookbook. We are doing mostly vegan to help our blood pressure when I eat red meat my bp skyrockets
Big shout out to our friend for representing all things #GEEBZ down in Kansas City!
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty—Coco Chanel
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
im starving
Why do girls always want the bad boys knowin they're no good for them? That's always my problem. good boys are No fun! oh man.
Guess Amy winehouse isn't goin to rehab ... :/ eh not surprised but it is sad!
RT : You absolutely made my day! LOVE being a Spider (& a member of the Tribe)
How...? why...? I don't understand how that happened...
Leo/Scorpio difficult match? Did u make that up? My hubby-Scorpio and I, a Leo have been married for 351/2 years!!
Wheat fields and music go hand in hand. I'll prove it in the next five years.
I'd give you some of mine if I could(:
#Emmy entry deadline is tomorrow!
representin UK at Jordan brand classic!
We will be at the Omaha Civic Center in Omaha Nebraska this weekend April 13th-15th. Come see us if you are in the area.
What said!
Goin campin! So excited to be surrounded by redwood trees and the constant singing of the forest
Will be soon! CU there?! I got new CD today and LOVE it. RT did you get tix to #rodrigoygabriela yet?
": Wish yall females would clean yalls room when ya take a pic. Damn". They must be fugly if you notice they room!
Dr. McCray is the only black tenure-track professor in the Architecture school. She says we need more black scholars.
If someone has something bad to say about you, it's probably because they have nothing good to say about themselves.
u mean eyeshadows?
Do you like the Texas country music scene?
LOL! I didn't realize how hard it was to play BF3 with you. lol damn that kid was excited
I close my eyes and beg for peace.
Railroad construction 100ft from my bed. This doesn't bode well for that sleep I wanted.
Haven't written an essay in forever. Kinda rusty..
only in new york..
Truly a day to remember for entrepreneurs, investors and anyone with a dream.
Seriously, WHAT IS THE RUSH?! This has gotten completely out of hand.
(: little mermaid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Please Retweet ~ Vote Now ~ www.budurl.com/sexiest ~ Vegans Unite
Yes, they are all me =)
It sucks that I barely have cousins here
oh mine are rats, spiders, and jack frost
It's not "turning me on" hahaha
I'm obsessed with the film score for Road to Perdition by Thomas Newman, what an amazing composer
No work...no school...no kids all week. Slept for 12 hours!
Happy Mothers Day to my Porn Mommy :(( miss ya
Chase is very good
": Guns don't kill people. Dads with pretty daughters do." I just LMAO @ the fact my cousin retweeted this
Oh i agree, Rachel is a whiny B-word. The two of them only care about camera time.
Yep, I know, but I got those because I'm going to eat them!:D
Not fair trade. Boh's, biggest plantation in Malaysia. Tried their premium black tea. It was good, but not like yours!
You can bandage the damage, you never really can fix a heart.
Santa's work is done. Chele and I are just waiting for her family to arrive. Merry Christmas
I love when my tumblr twitter girl answer me :) even if she type just one word, it make me smile,I'm her cutepieceofshitsweet :3
I'm going to send this over to the Space Day coordinator and hopefully I will have an answer for you soon!
yo follow me
Fun day with Payton, Bailey, and Levi :D Rode dirtbikes for the first time :)
Hello? (-.0) I woke up in the middle of the night.. Might as well do another fact.. fact #9: Ive never actually gone up the attic in my ...
and the way that thing was shot! In the perspective of cameras like OMG POWERFUL!!!
RIP Donna Summers Queen of Disco :(
Man, I'm beyond ready for that movie!
This is game 7 in the NBA playoffs. Unreal.
My new motto. Please dont come to me with problems, identify the problems and come to me with solutions.
Our newest followers. Thank you for supporting the Black Lab!
This is what happens when i play DMX
Happy National Poetry Month! Just read "el momento más grave de la vida" at the International Poetry Reading at
yes! chai/coffee soon for sure. whenever you are around these parts...
can't wait to try your #peanutfree #glutenfree products! Thx. Order placed tonight.
You'll have to introduce me to your elders. Maybe I can learn a thing or too :)
but not missing Potbelly.
Why do I bother trying
With how much I look at bikes and tweet, I'm simply amazed at how much work I actually get done.
you are an awesome!!!! And my favorite gamer!! :D
So happy to have found Davidson's pasteurized eggs 's, only way a pregnant chick can eat runny eggs!
Haven't had the chance to read all the way through it yet.
ok st. elsewhere
Not enough nails and etc to put my entertainment center together. WTF!
Follow back please ,
Just left texas this morning. Now im in fort Lauderdale. I cant wait to get to dc doe.
Just finished reading "The Talent Code" now I'm looking for a new read... Any suggestions?
One week away from our cd release of "Who I've Become EP" who wants a free copy? "Like" us on Facebook for more details!
(W)hat (I)s a (R)elation(S)hip (W)ith(O)ut (T)rust
#oomf going off over a female. smh and continues to read tweets
We can't wait to have you in too! :)
NLM Update- New-Environmental Health Student Portal
i don't want to present anways..Hope me & keli go on monday.
"Every time you walk in the room can't help myself I wanna be with you...I keep my cool one more time and you just keep on walking by"
Digging "Arms of California" and "You Really Got Me." Are you guys signed? The album sounds great
just finished LEGEND by it was AMAZING!!
watching teen mom 2 can't wait to watch the new game tonite.
of course! Your level of determination and motivation is AWESOME! :) Hope you are having a great week as well!
Double YUM Rainbows & Super Winning!! Thanks for buying.
agreed. looking at decarta which uses navteq and tele-atlas data.
Had to block a few people.
Can We Get #BoyzOnEllen Trending ?!!<U+2665>
Training training training!
sleeping with sirens, black veil brides,falling in reverse, motionless in white.........AMAZING
oh so now u want to hang
Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose.
have you guys moved yet?
Milwaukee Woman of the day!!!! !!!You win a night in the lovely Potawatomi Bingo casino with $200 dollars gift card !!!!!!!!
i want to follow me too does she hate me now im litteraly crying ok calm down tatiana
eating & watching the notebook w/my bby : )
Nice lateral by Case. Too bad that his backwards passes are better than the forward ones.
Probably, since most of everything isn't all that smart.
This lady on the bus who's treating her lil girl like shit <<<
I keep trying to give flies the "leave it" command. It doesn't work.
I was thing about trying that one
its goin down
THE VIEW: You Go Whoopi! Miranda Lambert SHUT UP!
I come to school feeling out of place
RT <3 When I listen to it reminds me of ^.^
Looking for macro which can tell me calling function of current function (i.e. __FUNCTION__), anyone know that?
Digital often kills retail sales, and its likely that #videogames may have the same fate as music and books when sold at...
wonder how many games he'll be suspended for that.
#webwise katrina and pre-1950s film archive both examples where a lot of data was lost
Playoff #NHL hockey is unbelievable. Blackhawks tie the game w/ 5 seconds left!!!
I'd drink nothing but Coors for a year if Tebow would disappear.
I am the real .... Now bring yourself TO and maybe will play you 1on1...
i'm at alterra...where is you?
Good luck to #Chelsea today!
Do sandwiches actually taste different upside-down?
OMFG! That was too funny!
on ESPN 1500 right now we have #UHbsb vs. #SacState - Don Robbs bringing you the action, followed by State Championship games
I hate those *imagine twitters, it's like cute but SHUT THE FUDGE UP & STOP IMAGINING ALREADY.
I can't view the links you posted for Gina Brillon and Doug Schneider. Is there a version that doesn't require a facebook login?
lol..yea cuzzo my mike game kinda strong
Thanks.....cherry?! lol You rock...did you start TPTI?
haha. The Broken Bells playlist is usually good, but it's not perfect.
lol nope!! Not on my watch
I am in so much shock & tearing at the same time. my heart is heavy
New Client: Socias Trail Group - Website design, CMS, and biz cards. Stay tuned for launch date!
Drinking wine and about to watch an intimate show with Broadway star Orfeh!! (@ Feinstein's at Loews Regency w/ 2 others)
oh no! I will have to go and check it out. Busy streak and not much playtime. Missed you too. A lot.
Smells like there's a fire. Anyone know where it is?
I'm expecting full updates! It will be around 3am when the draft starts here, and the ravens should pick aroun when I wake up
Kmsl. Kenya wanna fight now cause she fucking caught in a lie. Ha. I don't like her crazy ass.
thank you for the follows :) Cheers!
You and me could write a bad romance ;)
time to get out the crib
Angela bassett crazy as hell in this movie
Thank u, I'm sure I will! I just worry about my Nana now! She seems strong now, but not sure what will happen in a few days!
Happy mothers day again to all mothers around the world
The fact that mikey blamed me for us not chillin when he knows its his fault <<<<< lol
Pot Belly's pizza sub is so good
Will definitely be joining the next chat in the New Year. Sorry I missed this one
I want to go to the shooting range.
Happy Wednesday! What are you doing to get over the "hump"?
#SOAR Unrelenting disappointment leaves you heartsick, but a sudden good break can turn life around" Proverbs 13:12 MSG
": Doesn't Phil Jackson remind you of the dude from men's warehouse "you're gonna love our suits. I guarantee it"" Yes !
More negative economic news, thnks Obama. I'm know the Pres has little impact on the econom., but makes me feel good to hate on him
Use to be my cuddy buddy now we CANT BE FRIENDS
I believe it! I use my phone(s) for everything but that # *sounds* high, huh?
I'm headed your way Jose!
Grad school doesn't work like that :) It's more like: how original is this?
Beautiful day. Played campus golf for the first time. #whodoesn'tlovefreegolf?
Spotlight on Sentinel-2
karaoke can honestly lift anyones spirits! It was karaoke right? Or was it a performance? Those can do the same thing! <3
I turn 22 in 124 but who's counting? And how many days will it be until I see you again mr bruno?
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 13
ok I'll try to.
Thanks for joining #HITsm today! Hope to see you at a future chat. :)
Finally figured out how to work this grading thing in blackboard. Now to grade all night to make up for my failures as an online teacher.
Quit telling me to RT for a shoutout !!!! That shits annoying to see al the way down my TL.
glad to hear youre painting. For inspiration, look at abstract expressionist mark rothko
The word of the day is: Food Glue.
Why all they hair dry #nshit in this game?
I would seriously consider trading kisses for entertainment right now. They'd be Melky kisses, but he'd be totally sincere.
Also, text driving is harder w/ a stickshift
#RyanKennedy is a real life hero
I would probably piss myself and cry anyway I just want to be calm when it happens. Because zombies are not to be underestimated.
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the staircase." -- Martin Luther King, Jr., civil rights leader
so you're saying Wisco should refrain from selling wine? Hm.
Haha i can agree with that. That's dumb. The world's going to end!!
OH! Maybe a B&W photo of Atticus & Scout, and then write over it? (I almost DMd you from the store for help choosing, btw.)
This one works, I used it! I don't have my homework Mrs./Mr.______ because my pen exploded in my backpack destroying my homework.
Hmm. To play this show in OKC in 4 days or to not. That is the question.
I think I just died. RT : #NeverShouldYouEver drink behind magic johnson. Lol
All eyez on me.
my tears dry on their own
S/O to A.Y.S newest supporter
thanks for the follow! We look forward to your tweets!
I love you. 73 days til I see you
I LOVE MORE THAN BOTH OF THEM.
Do you think you will be as strong as ever at Indy this year, you've been great the past couple years
S'long, #REM. You meant a lot to me in my teenagerhood. Vaya con Dios.
hooking up the half price appetizers!
Why does Zillow say my house is worth a gajillion dollars?
It's going to be the greatest movie ever.
I've decided I want an irish wedding with Kate Bush singing jig of life.
But it was fun:)
same here.
How many millions do I win for matching one number?
We will keep the tweets alive #amasummit will never die :)
¡Buenos dias Area de la Bahia! / Good Morning Bay Area!
lop swear they b the funniest n a mature crowd
LMAO Kevin!!! They dont' know boundaries except those on the field...lol
Hilarious listening to hippies at the Whole Foods in the Sloop trying to organize a #NATO protest. "See you Sunday in the STREETS!"
Retrain Tip: Emerging research shows tart cherry juice is RICH in antioxidants benefits sleep, relieves arthritis & tastes great!
God bless you and your household brother.
those numbers sound promising! :)
Time for this lakeshow! Let's get this W
Thank you!!! RT : peeps were AWESOME at Taste of the NFL!
My heart almost lept out of my chest!
Noah's favorite marble maze at Children's Hospital Minneapolis. He has enjoyed it since he was little.
"seats taken"
Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine. Joan Collins
Yes, I vote you be in one.
I'll take a look at it when I get home from work today.
It's a beautiful city...
Taking your kids to soccer or swim classes? Plan routes and timing to avoid heavy periods of traffic.
Why is Facebook chat confusing now? Perfect time for Google+ to swoop in
I don't hate Apple either, by any means. I use a Mac Air myself. I just don't subscribe to the cult of Apple that's so pervasive.
I think ESPN just elected B Harper President.
Isn't that the truth !
A3) Such a sad waste and loss of potential! Have seen it so many times with my students.
Tune in to at noon for everything 95.7FM
Woo hoo!!! Just got my 8th IMDB credit for "Couples", I get to work with some of my favorite people and some new ones!!!
BBJ Biz Buzz Awards and Top Singles party tonight. Super social mode.
Congrats Tito! Let's start working on the next 500.
Accounting firms that are used to dealing with nonprofits will know about the 501 form
happy birthday to you buzz!! Enjoy ur day/night!!
Share share
Itz great to see #RickyWilliams running the ball the way he did back in his college dayz! GREAT GAME!
It's like Case thinks Dreadlocks is on our side. Is that guy beating our own receivers in passes caught from McCoy?
!! RT : New Statewide Farm Brewery license created, allows for brewing, tastings so long as MD agr prods are used in brewing.
I have only been able to get myself to watch 8 plays from this game...and its all been terrible. Where's OK state when you need them?
LMFAOO RT Time to sleep , but b4 we sleep please open your bible to Torres Chapter 10 vs 11, "Messi Weeps" . Goodnite all
you at camp or still in Stl?
You can't have a Tea Party without the tea.
Last night was horrible. Locked keys in car, 2 broken ATMs and then got towed & didn't have the paperwork to get it out. :(
One Day You Will Notice All My Tweets And Finnally Follow Me ... Cmon Please? Help A Mahomie Out <3 FOLLOW PELASE? <3 <3 <3
Side note: WHO is ready for RECORD STORE DAY? Mark your calendars, this year it falls on 4/21!
I'm sleepy and my phone's on yellow :-(
you will indeed kind sir
Homework and bed :P
it's mostly for security purposes
yes! Dont worry... it'll happen... I will make it happen.... haha
Prom for me was 3 years ago! And I am going to a bachelorette party this weekend instead. Times have changed.
try currently Free Beta real estate listing - syndication should be live in a week- looking for feedback
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. - Will Rogers
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...it's Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
Hey fans, Charles here. I would like to know, how far can you run with 50 pounds of gear on your back?
that stink :(
you're a good egg, sir. Happy mothers day to you :-)
I'm opening up a Battered Shrimp Shelter in my stomach.
Was tempted to try it, haven't been pulled away from Bf3 or the Diablo 3 beta yet though.
Ah, New Girl! Such a good end to the season.
First you are dumbfounded, then you get angry and then you get active. And if you remain dumbfounded... please get out of the way!
Cute wall posts on facebook >
Did you eat some bread too?
master in Spanish prisoner fluency
Watch #garyjohnson live at a town hall meeting right now at
The pollyanna in me doesn't want to, but the realist in me agrees...
It's 5:00 already come back home!!! :-)
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Haha, Our subtitute teacher give us Free time we still have 25 minutes till the bell ring.
aww, thanks :-)! It's a busy weekend at Actor's Key. I was lucky to get a lunch lol.
Great to cross paths. We share the same mission of building a #sustainable #food #system. Looking forward to your Tweets.
4/23/1799->J. McHenry: ...we may regret the loss, though we submit to the disappointment....
vperryky: Thanks again for the awesome support of SLA!!
I love spending time with my family <3
Haha can't taste good. Esp coming from SkyMall RT : protein ketchup??
I don't think so! I look forward to meeting you tomorrow!
Seriously. Absolutely crushes by old macbook w/ 2gb of ram every single day. Someone has to do it.
Fukin in the sand>>>>dream come true!
he should come to with us tomorrow! I drove by today and omg it looks like something you'd find in disney!
Perhaps a scene where they're playing poker and the Jewish friend tells Jobs that he has a straight.
#getaclue President Obama invoking the 14th amendment is not a solution.
I've noticed! #nojoke ": When a #Libra smiles, the whole world smiles too."
Time moves slower and I fell in love more than you, so you can see just create it.
RT if you'd rather go to school 4 days a week & add an extra hour & a half or so then going 5 days.
Wish it was already over.....
Just enjoyed an awesome cook out. Thanks for hooking up with some good ass grub.
All American Quarter Horse Congress 2011 people! Get pumped!!!
JobSeekerTip: Interviews are like the courting stages of a relationship--don't bash the ex, it only makes you look bad.
So how you been gurlllll?
Rain rain...go away!
LAkers could have used you this year.
Lindseeeyyyy ; we can talk about it too because we know that we pretty and if macie know she is to, then sing it with us
changed the world from his college dorm room, so can you! Visit DellChallenge.org
Not present in cElementTree, only in ElementTree, perhaps?
The nurse that takes care of my granny is an angel... I'm so grateful.
how do i do that
Is now watching The Haunting in Connecticut.. #DarkAssHell in this house lol
sure :D
Just two more weeks until Oak Tree. It's time for you to take the crown from Rosario.
No pappadums tonight but I'll fry some up to go with the leftovers tomorrow!
Google offered (attractively) "library as loss leader." Amazon moving into libspace as well (conflating Prime w Amazon)
Should I JailBait my phone or no??
I left my heart with my phone in my center console.
Last evening of the special sale at Chrysostom Press! Enter the code PreLent for a 25% disc. on everything as well as free shipping!
Holy cow #30RockLIVE was amazing tonight! If you missed it, SHAME ON YOU!
you should give #heroku a try. It really takes away a lot of the pain. I've had a very good experience thus far.
When I was 8 I was obsessed w/ it.
I know, I know. But THAT'S NOT FAIR. I have a month :((
Since “He is my refuge & my fortress; in Him I will trust," I will not speak negative words & be fearful like the people of the world.
i dunno... do we really need more bad dubstep songs? remixes by great producers are better, i'd think ;)
Hey, I took care of it dangit!! Found it on the floor dead this am. Twas but a cricket. ;)
and , I see "the other station" has ripped off our followers idea, but only on Facebook.
oh hello Serena!:) haha! with your twin Fendi bag&now Marc Jacobs Ipad case, fashionista thinks alike!:) <3
Well I still say rematch for National Title. No one else is even close to these two
thanks so much!!!!
i like the idea of using pinterest for teaching...thanks.
crickets “: raise your hand if you think Obama is "evolving" on same sex marriage + isnt yet intellectually in support of it.”
and we take take take it for granted that we'll be the same, but we're making all the same mistaaakkeesss
When I am waiting on a package, I seriously check the tracking information 5 times a day!
Getting ready for some overtime Flyers hockey with
big loss for your bulls.
Every time I go in the building with McDonald's ppl trip out. I'm putting it in a black beauty supply bag and see what happens.
Why is Square One by the story of my life...
CRITERION ALERT: there's a used copy of the OOP GRAND ILLUSION going for $20 at CD TRADER in Tarzana NOW!
Perhaps we should just go out to lunch ...
will do “: you welcome and definitely!! Contact me at :)”
Just got home. Now its time to play some 2k12.
It's like you're another person on the internet, and a different person in real life.
Back to finishing up posts for tomorrow for Great chat everyone! Can't wait 'till next week :)
I can always count on you for a frosty beverage. :)
RT after a hiatus due to illness. I'm back !! #gymtime >> back, better than ever
#20thingsaboutme 18. i have trusting issues.
<U+266C> Paul Anka wrote songs relevant to experiences while on stage & isolated on tour, he wrote "Lonely Boy" & "Lay Your Head On My Shoulder" <U+266C>
Lakers traded to Dallas, this is not cool!
Congrats to you and Olivia! Impressive!!
This time last week I was at a baby shower... And Im at a baby shower once again this week!
Hopping in the showers.
working on further enhancements to the app. would really like to hear from our followers what they would like to have.
If porcelain tile cracks you won't see a different color as you would with a ceramic tile.
indeed! And sad!
lol close to it
it's about to get crazy in the yoohoo room!
That would be a costly accident. Thanks for the heads up.
did you ever wrestle Flair?
Lorne House Eleven » Blog Archive » Making money with Foreign ...
Bet im thea fam smooth fina go ham RT : HOOPIN TOMORROW AT 12 AT THE FINCH
Breakfast for dinner...Brinner! Turkey sausage,fried apples,eggs,hash browns, and pancakes
You have an accent?
LMAO, what is he the slow kid in the league?
Those Harry Potter actors sure grew up! Bravo he did such a great job! Go see Half-Blood Prince, everybody!
SHE AINT GOIN SHE WENT A KAME BACK.....TRAGIC
I met the two of you at Blogher 11. You were the life of the party and had all the good gossip. :-)
I swear my girlfriend is like a trampoline, I don't have one.
"Dreams are wishes your heart makes."
Visual and touchable collective linksharing on any device and voice command in the near future is making you online live easy!
Smile. RT : Ya'll got me amening up in here and I need to be working. That's what I call I mother BROTHER voltron. #LURVE!
I sit directly below an A/C vent. The air is so cold that I've gone full Snuggie. I'm not proud.
i put the original pic of the 'gaaaayyyy' one in my older sisters backpack and she handed it to her teacher xD
ah, Ontario is province. So it would be, I you live in Toronto Ontario?
what if she knows you are a huge sports fan but will never go to a game with you or explain why not? yay or nay?
For everybody that has been wanting 's PO box it's: Austin Mahone PO BOX 592288 San Antonio, TX, 78259
Yes! We're all Chicago Northsiders!
house of hunan and fortune cookies 2 meals for $12 alchemy is amazing $3 any entree. (Mooshu pork is fire)
Don't tell me to watch my language Siri, you are a trifling whore who lies.
I love how lazy my family is that they can't even take me to the bball game when they haven't taken me to one all year
My grandmama is my mama.
so true! lol
Still buzzing from Sun Kil Moon last night...the master favored us with some of his best songs about San Francisco. Sigh!
are you trying to get me to call you again?
I'm The Reason Why You Faded, Take A Shot For Me
Oh good, there's nothing like being in the wrong city for you. As much as I like Chicago, I couldn't wait to leave! ;)
OMG, I'm wrong is not singing Jasmine Sullivan is. My this should still be gud. Lookin at that list again 4 Josh
3 ways to be a bitch; Act stuck up, dress like a slut, and act like every living person you see is jealous of you when really they hate you
Ingredient Street's on foodbuzz now:)
haha I'm not sure I know I have extended cousins in SF I've never met. Do you know any tepper or ungerleider cousins?
It'd almost be worth the perpetual PM black hole to be back in the office :)
When I have the scarf on its because I'm having a bad hair day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Big show this Friday at Launchpad. Don"t miss it. Lots of great bands and it"s all for a good cause.
I wanna be a walrus more than anything else in the world.i am truly dedicated to becoming a walruswith love and support ill go to antarctica
Fhsdkfhdkfhsdkfh JUSTIN you should retweet some fans and send some " ily" tweets :p
School is not where its at today.....
Damn One Direction is pretty sexy ;)
Friday, May 18, is #ArtMuseumDay! will be offering free admission. We dig that!
I saw that before you tweeted me - but I don't follow those who don't follow me back. I have a select few exceptions.
EVERY TEARDROP IS A WATERFALL
I was planning a half for 4/15 but I'm not ready...just keeping consistent & will strive for June when Bundle does the 26.2.
Janet Kahn, mbr. of the national Advisory Grp. on Prevention, Health Promotion, Integrative & Public Health has joined PCOM's Advisory Board
RT : Follow because journalists paid by Murdoch will always be slaves to Murdoch's sick vision of the world.
For you are the God of our healing and wholeness; you are our heart's true home.
aww your chili, spaghetti, minestrone, lasagna, chicken dumplings, all seem tasty right now. Pretending sucks...
perfect. When in the school year would work for you? Us is better after new years but I could move up if needed
Im knocking folks out they come round me high!
I told her I killed the cat
I love how intuitive the layout of the is. No backtracking! I didn't even have to look at a floor plan.
looking through olympic footage all day.
keep it
Bonnaroo & YouTube Announce Partnership. Bonnaroo365. Festival to produce and curate content all year long... NEXT!
Band was #swangin tonight at Snow. I loved working with all the students from Local Highschools! killed it as usual!
thank you so much for that shoutout ;-P
#MenShouldnever think the more money you have the more women you can get. It catches up to you...just ask Tiger
so says u.
Good night for everyone(:
Any cool females wit Voxer on they phone add me..832 516 4994
Studying (verb): The act of texting, eating, and watching TV with an open textbook nearby. SILK Ultra Club Tonight, No Cover All Night. ...
what was it a picture of
RT : in royal oak at 526 main with & great day to bust out with our friends in the "D"
Just received payment for our first international shipment of CDs!
Yes indeed my mind is a sexy ass bombshell.
where at?
Camp Invention-early sign ups for summer & get a discount-Campinvention.org. My son loved this last year-he made robots!
Congrats on passing the Dutchie Steve ;-)
Back at ya! RT : #FF ...good luck to everyone except the Hawks ;)
O, piddling details like being in the same geographic location! Expand your mind, Lee. :-D /
get with the program!!! :)
You know you're at a womens conf #Savor when u hear "think w/ your crotch" & warm up w/ belly dancing!
Discipleship/small group tonight. Going through life stories - top 10 life defining moments in our lives. Very powerful.
I've got my heater on & my covers. So I guess that makes me hot! ;)
Happy Birthday Greyson!!!!!!!!!!!!! :DD Hope You have a great birthday!!!! :)
the organic is for #hippies I got the original 40 day aged. Thanks Congratulations #
Northern VA is still on Yankees / Red Sox game.
Because it has TOEs in it!
yea yea borin day
and then a somewhat sunny paean to the city as the path to sustainability...interesting at least!
THE HEALTHIEST FOODS ARE: FISH, KELP, MUSHROOM, COCONUT, WATERCESS, WILD RICE, WILD GAME, HONEY, WILDBERRIES, NUTS, & MAPLE SYRUP.
Mike Neal = Justin Harrell...Part Deux
Glad is finally as big as they deserve to be! Just say it will always be my favourite song though!
i hate feet period!
Awww. See, I was taking good notes all those years ago :-)
But would hearing it really have are a difference?
It's official. has the keys to our new home in Lemon Grove. Homeowners R Us.
Canadian Pacific Notes Pershing Square Backing Away from Previously Stated Goals and Timelines
I reply to many of your tweets because they are real. Thank u for tweeting positive messages.
Waiting on the call from you man!! Lol i need a gig lol! RT : Where in the world have you been son???
omg I didn't realize <U+E107> I'm sad <U+E413> like omg:(
you have tweeted 717 tweets.
RT : One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important*
I just looked up my name, and come to find out im not the only Damia in this world
fuck you too, mom. i didn't wanna eat anything you fucking made anyways.
Quite a hustle to get Uploadify to work with Rails and Paperclip
Few people are as good at getting lost so close to home as I am. And I HATE it.
I love you sis I called you the other day u changed your # call me
Yes lol : Remember that one night .. me you and senio RT : Thinking back on all these great memories in #Chattown”
Submitted objective feedback to Apple concerning iCloud & lack of compatibility with OS X Snow Leopard. Apple, do the right thing!
Really digging "Irresistible Force" by Jane's Addiction.
I've been here for 5 minutes and find out I'm in the wrong building
thanks. Congrats to you too!
If you are booking and interested in booking us on one of these days please send an email to Cheers!
Almost ready for bed.. Tired and in bit of pain.
Just spent the last hour struggling to fix MySQL issue that a simple restart fixed.
Gonna be creepin on all day tomorrow to see his "big news." I swear if it doesn't work out gonna be so disappointed
Why do airports trick u to think gate C10 should come after gate C9 but it's actually about a mile past that by C19?
White sox game tonight w/ !
Going off the grid to finish a book chapter about computer networks. Ironic?
we hit the thousand mark!!!!!
Meh. I'm hungry still. XD
we dont care we saying fuck you
How have you been? When did you want to do the guest posts?
He Gone
So.. tracking down my own MISSING records request at #usnatarchives from 330 pull. Now day is shot.
People at school were just so stupid getting high & then asking me for my cream so they won't smell MY ASS GO GET HIGH AND DIE BITCH Idc
girl you better get your food that's why you go early get in and get out lol
Squirm, Squirm!
When are they coming to Chicago? :D
you should totally follow me! Wed share a love for BTR and a love for tweeting random things. LOL! ;)
Austin, can you follow me? Please? I just made this account for you & Alex.(:
Hey there! I've missed you too!
Never been. It was more a commentary on what's news vs. publicity. Different strokes...
you were missed!
Burgard: #DeStaebler's standing columns convey a sense of ascension, like Brancusi's Infinite Column.
holla at me!
Do-It-Yourself Cat Door Recognizes Your Feline
we hope you had a great time at in CITYCENTRE yesterday!
-- CarGo is arguably one of the five best hitters ... Owner B needs to offer you more than a top-15 pitcher and some random reliever
Thanks for the Friday follow love and the retweet. ~tail wag~ Tweet on <U+266A>
are you talkin about 2nite or Tuesday
How is it that I am the one with NO KIDS but I always end up watching kids...too nice I guess.
Thanks for following me <3
RT Don't fuck with me bitch I will come after you
haha never heard it put that way
Worrying is stupid. It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.. -Wiz
ya and imagine all the re-runs on TV he gets paid on the consistently. It's on so much!
I have to say Jennifer Lawrence seems really smart and cool
I think they're asking me about describing objects that will be 3D digitized & displayed in a virtual environment but I'm...confused.
Enjoy seeing NYY fans silenced in such an emphatic way. Spent an evening with them on day Cliff Lee traded. Ugly, Loud, & Rude
Three dollars for a cocktail in Birmingham........what!?!?!?!
where r u guys???
I loved the 100s of texts this morning haha! Such a dork
ugh creepy twitter spammers go away
ha I just watched the If You Can't Hang vid and it reminded me so much of our convos :P
Cause I Drunk Tweet with the best of em... And my heart isn't bleeding but mending.
Absolutely! Hope your weekend is going well!
Linfield says #humanitarian aid is tied to human rights. Don't understand how orgs can disentangle themselves from those principles.
whattya think abt getting Claiborne? Was he worth the trade up?
what happened?
The more you read and observe about this #politics thing, you got to admit that each party is worse than the other. Will Rogers
it was like right after we found him. He probably had 200ish followers. Maybe less.
Awesome pic! Sir Elton can wail. Enjoy!
#ThingsThatAreSEXY GUYS WITH BROWN EYES <3
You know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up and see all these tweets from saying he's with the boys writing songs :)
Men be falling like the rain so we ain't running out!
I just think she turns on the contrast and brightness on high.
New mixtape coming just in time for Valentine's Day! Ladies lookout!
#duke hit some open looks please
HAVE YOU SEEN ROSHON DANCE? According to Carrie ann and me, he's the best male dancer on the show. So suck it.
thank u Tall glass
Red Flag,lol
The man who said he never had a Dream your wildest dreams and chance, never took one. you will live a wild life.
The Sisterhood of the Traveling No-Pants!
It's so sad. The destruction is awful, terrible.
it's already Sunday?
Be proud about your talents, no matter what they are or who knows about them
I hate when im staring at nothing in particular but then realize I'm staring right at someone
You were right... woke my up at 3AM :) I would have loved to have been a meteorologist. So fascinating!
Guess you don't have a 9-year-old girl in your house!
bicycle orchestra performance in Daley Plaza at 5:30 today
RT : RT : I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and realize what you could've had this whole time.
#wearing vavavoom navy pencil skirt and navy cami, chartreuse cardigan, buff Treats, carrying the Rita by
surprised there's no panel on #omeka at #thatcamp #pmt but we're talking about it anyway
#PunxsutawneyRomney was & still is a "Job Destroyer!" Displacing Wealth for his own well-being! Zero trust=Retirement!
Alive Alive! Hallelujah! I live because He lives!!!!!!!!!
by "work" do you mean with my mouth full of delicious food? :)
I get that too! (not from the Mirror though)
:D awe I blush, you are also very attractive!
The Wright Stuff
Get saucy! Today's special is the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich!
its 303 i cant sleep
yo, sorry to butt in but I THINK Cali's getting read because Mitch tweeted @ me that he'd see me this summer...
throat is hurty.
Any time! And if you'd like another Tuscaloosa writer to publish, I'm your girl :)
definitely something you should not miss, an experience you need at least once in your life.
"maybe we should get illegal immigrants to deal with the U.S. debt problem. It seems like a job no American is able or willing to do"
Yes. It is. Take time to count the blessings... it all goes by so fast.
Kansas St. advances - Standings now: 68 tied for first.
Your work ethic is measured by the days you did not want to go to the gym, but did anyways.
lol, nono. I ate with him and worked out alone.
"Guys With Beards With Cats." I like that I'm a fetishized meme. Me and Hinezy need to submit our best look.
the minute you see a warning light, you could tweet a message and they could immediately respond with appt. times available
Ben Nye is best for future references.
Writing with some amazing people today Chris Lindsey and Aimee Mayo. Hell yes!
Thanks! Glad to have you aboard!
The She should ALWAYS get top billing. It's always #shehechat. The She always gets top billing. :)
I had two very happy tables tonight when I convinced them to order the #Ferrari-Carona Chardonnay.
Bring "em" by. I will be here all day except from 10-11
Haha...this just made me laugh out loud, but so true!
I just saw a car with a mustache... #Win :)
Boneless wings > need for beach body. And all the angels said, amen.
omgomgomg no way!? eastern time or...?
You are so immature&I hate that you treat everyone like you want to around here...seriously stfu and get your mind straight&stop yelling!>,<
Girl on the train: "Oh my god, she's so FAT!" Me: "Oh my god, you're so LOUD!" *eyeroll*
"The difference between 'involvement' & 'commitment' is like an eggs-&-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved'- the pig was 'committed'."
im so tired babes :( .... just came out of a meeting and I'm starving like crazy lol. Come save me sweetie ....
Agreed. Now when are they going to make huge rolls of the stretchy wrap stuff from the lab? ArtSci love!
Hope everyone has a good day!
Delay in reforms inevitable in coalition govt: Pranab - Hindustan Times
We're simply going to have to agree to disagree.
thanks bro!! I got u!!
now up to 8 official requests for a runoff election (4 of 6 possible statewide runoffs), still just 1 request for a recount
Use coupon code STACK and code NEWTOBB! 15% off Diapers.com, 20% off Soap.com & $10 cash back with any purchase at beautybar.com!
I want to put my sexy picture up it wont let me
That bitch is talkin again.. she must have googled a comeback she's so hood
Just learned that will be serving Guinness braised bratwursts, natural angus beef hot dogs & hot boiled GA peanuts at
Dogs devour anything that might just look like food. But did you know that grapes, raisins and onions could make your dog very sick?
Everyone dissing on BOTDF, can't blame them like, they are complete donkey dick
to all of the spoiled brats that are getting mackbook pros and iphones they'll break...i hope you die a slow and painful death.
pretty good so far. Trying not to fall asleep though.
your welcome(:
Good because im so ready to go home...
Its always awkward when you have to start thinking about eating your spouse for Sustenance
In honor of 10 days of #SXSW, today EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
what kind of bird do you have on your prof pic?
Unlike Maurice Sendak, I have no problem lying to children.
Best of luck to my tio & the rest of Intocable Luv u guys!!!!
I hate Sunday's ! -_-
So tired but tryin not to sleep
Finals are the only thing standing between me & summer.
- back at ya!
Love this .. "Our truest life is when we are in our dreams awake." ~ Henry David Thoreau #iheartquotes <3
what a game... syracuse and ohio state... 74 seconds to go
congrats ! which sandals did u choose? :) I went for the orange ones- never had that style before . Happy weekend!
When I go bck to chicago I don't wanna see thia girls face I don't even wanna talk to her
Bass tracks are finished....
Man I really love the first 48 check it out on a and e
Damn gotta go get my son I know he prolly ready to spazz out
one more online final then its feet in the sand
wth ugh Jimmy picked that song Randy
Thanks for the follow, hope your weekend is going well. We are following back.
I haven't been yet. The last one I knew about was the CortaCapitol. Is there another coming up?
Cassidy the hustlaaaa'
Wearing the shirt made me (; Baby you light up my world like nobody else! 1D foooooooo life.
I think Pancakes are way much better than Waffles. Who the hell wants a burnt toast made like a Belgium mason brick design?!
we had a nice show today with scarface.....
I would have saved that Argentine leather handbag too!!
I don't like it when vendors take a long time to return my calls and respond to my emails nd then act like it is not a problem.....not good!
RT Taylor Gang or drink bong water --yuck, ive seen it happen (by accident). so not taylored.
Guess RR gave up no one up in the pen
Can I be in your next movie? I will move to Baltimore for you. - Gena from Glass M's
Yes! It startled me! I thought it was a high-tech rodent.
its crappyand raining
ouch! What happened?
FOLLOW ME<U+2665> ily x
ill go #online on my other account.. <3
No, never. Elephant Bar is probably the worst chain I've been in in a decade.
More on today's contrasts: 1 great lecture by Maria Tatar on fairy tales & contemporary media; then 1 bad job talk.
Bases full of #BUCS for #TABY. Get it done Jose!
Second random thought. I know recognize at least a dozen #mbta workers downtown. I must be becoming a real person
RT : An artist "create[s] his first-ever paintings of women" and it's news? Ew. C'mon
I forgot just how hot it is in Texas.
No doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created
oh CRAP wut is that?! i turned it on and saw it and i literally jumped! lmao!
hmm I'd have to think about that but let me know what you find!
I don't like kellin, but happy his baby was born safe(:
You used to be the only girl a nigga would think about.
Looking at the clock like lil scrappy
People never really completely change who they are... Times do, but people don't.
At the Blazers game :D
Checkout Kings Tickets! Watch the Utah Jazz on 2/28 or the Griffin show aka the LA Clippers 3/1 against our
Man you still owe me some ice cream
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
I don't do black music. I don't do white music. I make fight music for high school kids. - EMINEM <3
AAAAHmazing!! Have 13 y.o son w/slight disability who loves what you do! Wish he could get involved.
#GOP: If you stop complaining you're paying for women's health you don't believe in, I'll let you drive on those freeways my taxes paid for.
Um... if someone has 1 catch for 10 yards, then their YPC is much higher than their catches. Not a big deal NFL Network...
this tinychat is fuuunnn!!! too much dancing
On a more realistic note, the new Beach House has hold of my soul.
I wonder if ASPCA commercials are only sad cause of the music, what if they were put to an LMFAO song instead? Would they look happier?
How did I get 311 followers?? Bitches be unfollowing me
you are so right about that! ;-)
Taking a nap, then baking goodies with the family. Oh, and putting together a gingerbread train :)
Thanks to instagram my future kids won't be able to tell whether I lived in 2012 or 1970
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do." AC Green
Okay so we can have goats on the quad but not puppies because they're a "liability"?
Going to take a nap. Then back to work.
but I'd comply. ;)
Everyone go follow she needs 1 more follower till 400
I'm pretty sure I only flirt with girls that I'm guaranteed to have NO chance with....like bartenders and dental assistants.
Right knee needs surgery. Left calf is strained....fuck I gotta stay off the ball court
Things that don't take as long as installing #ios 5: solving the economic crisis
diet day 1.
you name the time and the place. I just have one question for you, are you feeling lucky punk? Well are you?
Must eat cheese today.
ill see you there then.
Ok. Consider it done. I'll be in touch.
There's no problem with being bisexual I'm not but theres just no problem with it! People get bullied for that!like no!! If u r be PROUD!:)
Just saw the trailer for and it.looks.awesome. Creepy awesome. Not so creepy awesome: its storming outside
The things I would do to you. And to your toast.
Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class.
hey someone had to tell you.
It's hard doing comedy as a girl because I'm not Jewish and I don't own a ukulele.
Congrats to Lincoln softball team opening season w/ 11-1 win over Central Catholic (5 innings) ...
because of what happened with my chest. It just scared me.
I haven't seen any of these docs, but your analysis is correct in regards to the MSM coverage of Detroit.
It was nice that our waitress (Carole) had mentioned something to the boss who came over and chatted our heads off! :)
Follow to get a free SEO book (regular price $40)
I could go on about #geniushour Tell them that genius means productive & creative. They should learn what they really want to.
Lets never forget what made us all want to be in the wrestling business the love of the performance.
Just cough sneezed and that shit hurts.
Dentist. Ugh. Hold my calls, Janice.
Hi Russia/China, the blood of the Syrian people are on your hands.
$31 Halloween tattoos today, come check them out
Thank goodness for Penn Station!
just got a veggie burger w bacon. Real bacon.
#thatawkwardmoment when you're watching an american movie dubbed in Japanese
If the past tense if dive is dove then why isn't the past tense of shave, shove?
Ann Evans Zavada surveys belting repertoire.
it's like a 3 minute walk to your school...
We're recording CrunchCast #32 tonight! Submit your questions here so we can answer them on the show tonight. :) Whatcha got?
Dear PDX sunshine please stay for awhile, I am loving this weather! :)
Congrats on getting on the Ellen show. I'm so proud of you.
I think I just invented a neat new word with that last typo, I meant "broadcast" not bropadcast which sounds like a Bachelor Pad spinoff.
Like a great man once said "she said she was eighteen!?!" -Tiger Woods
Happy to have you, Jess! RT : I need to be a more active user of Glad they're on Twitter!
My mom just called me rude cuz I wasnt answering her
Seconded! RT : Can we have a videographer?!
idk the have a surprise me all I have to do is get dressed and let her kidnap me.
Wonderful! Thanks for sharing it. It was amazing what two Jewish kids from Brooklyn could create for our pleasure and education.
hahah thanks alexia you know how to make me laugh,
The Enemy Of My Enemy Is My Enemy><
what? i'm confused.
WHERE YOU AT?
"Hide all by SocialCam" is the best thing I've clicked in a long time.
tasty spin
Indeed, I think it was a Gamma(alpha=s, beta=1)
Amazing day of #Machon12 planning with Time to rest-up for another full day tomorrow! Lilah tov!
Would only hope so. Yeah for Faber. What is Toronto?
With Tampa passing on Kuechly, looks like it is now down to Buffalo or KC. I wonder where wants him to go?
Omg I need a new fuckin job...
Yeah and we have a deeper bench and don't rely on three players. #trueteam and more Consistent.
Rock bottom is a college education.
I do hope your right. As it is, I suspect psychosomatic symptoms generated by stress are actually motivation leaving my body.
I am!!! Can't wait. Did you see them this morning on Fox and friends? I did!! ": Who is ready for d"
Celebrating a soccer win at Murphy's with the homie
Universal City Walk in a bit(:
more caffeine? sure. SURE!
Great students. Great interaction. Great people
Michelle O: Who are we as a nation? Who do we want to be? What do we stand for? These are the questions we face in this election.
thanks! Hey you live in Port Saint Lucie, Florida??? My cousins live there!
I hope freederm works for me
but there is "I" in iDentity
The modern Olympic movement was founded to encourage young people to become physically active and follow a healthy lifestyle and ... (cont)
how bout all this growth goes to my butt ! that would be nice ! i wish i had ass.....:(
Congrats and thank you!
Was just looking for that. Please share if you find it.
In line at Wal Mart...ten lanes with fifteen to twenty people in each lane. :(
Have questions for Vivek Kundra? Tweet them during his presentation. We'll pull some and ask them during Town Hall
RT : "I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think" -Socrates
mitt romney has nothing except what someone tells him for defense.
Hell yes. Happy birthday! RT : Birthday cake plus #gameofthrones? Why, yes please. cc:
I really hope you enjoy it!
I don't what was more boring tonight #Raw or #StanleyCupPlayoffs?
Seminar today! Full breakfast & plenty of hair extension training! What's better than a full belly & a way 2 leave ur 9-5! www.drwiggys.com
American Pickers, man. I love what those guys do for a living, and wish I could some day. That VonDutch bike was incredible.
15 minutes out.
#dear14YrOldSelf put that dick away
lol I been at wrk since 11 I'm way to tired...I was at ya job last nite
No shadow will block my light.I got shining to do..I know you were taught to reach for the stars.but they weren't talking about the SUN..son
2 relentless self-promoters who exploit any opportunity. RT I find 's parroting of 's rhetoric unsettling.
i want stuffed shells and garlic knots
The movie "Skin" was so good... watched it on Netflix today..
I hate when I wake up angry from a dream
Ready for something amazing to happen...
Good morning! :)
Yeah, leave it to me, eh? Though in this case, I might actually know of what I speak of ;-)
lmao these kids don't be playing lol. It is not a game
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
Honestly how the hell can Raven Symone afford an $11,000/month apartment in NYC?
Some Jenna Mourey fans have gotten some friggin delicious Wired Waffles !!
Praying for all who have not been sleeping well. There seems to many of us.
#DidYouKnow Amelia Simmons was the 1st to write to serve #turkey dressed, basted with mashed potatoes & cranberry sauce in 1796?
totally. We can talk with our bodies.
SPRING BREAK 2012
I'll have to make one about Lebron for you.
At work oh no dane. Moms
I already miss watching Tim Wakefield pitch :(
It's fucked up if you want to hear some motivational music, you still gotta bump 2pac!!im just sayin, you rappers need to take notes
Dont forget to register for a free tattoo from Hardluck we will be drawing names on the 30th!
I thought will appoint Interim PM. Hahaha.
happy mothers day to you too!
One of my purest loves, Modern Dance. Thank you #Martha Graham.
Tuned in to today
The first thing in my mind is U go where the people r. We've got 2 figure out where these folks r & go 2 them in the community.
RT : #Bears OT Gabe Carimi said he expects to be back in full in the next couple weeks, certainly before mini camp
Damn throwback to 2001: Mayweather vs. Corrales! On HBO
#cataloging photo of a hosiery vendor; wondered if "Stocking Stress Testing" is an approved subject heading, lol j/k
"what's the difference between the meal with the white meat and the dark meat" - stupid girl
be strong be naked gallery in Williamsburg NYC! Now
Swing your diamond sword Toby!!!!!!!
I haven't seen it done before, either. I checked around before doing it because I wanted something different from what's out there.
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday and Friday is so close to Monday.
LOL. That's what I've been doing, but feel like too much work ;)
#IwantSomebody who makes mistakes and learn from them
You should REALLY play 's new single, it's called Say Somethin!
CO ED SLEEP OVERSZ!!!! xp
same here.. I wish you culd come on the north
It's been a long day! Think I'm gonna sleep in...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
“Interaction Design Through Mixology” David Farkas,
I know right? Definitely never thought she'd be into vagina.
Wise man. You will love the feeling of a bike. Nothing like it!
You should use it to come to America (:
john mayer told me once i'm half twice my age.. so i guess i'll always have another half of my life to live.. at least as long as i say it
could be. I just think it's funny that they thing they're being subtle!
Its ya pre-turkey throw down inside Tabu/Skydome downtown SA tonight!!
Yes very I cried.
now I want to know what Tony was thinking lol it's @ 2 pm central time
Sometimes call of duty gets me so mad!!!
First Jameson shot of the nite!
Mark your calendar's for this year's festival: June 29 - 30, 2012! Stay tuned for more details!!
congrats on a successful year!
why weren't you at the #PassportToFashion event this weekend?
take notes
Never heard it. Only "review" was from a woman on the subway who said to him "I like it. It's not bang-y like most jazz."
Haha For Your Age You're So Mature!! (:
So sad my camera is broken. No fun pictures this weekend :(
A massage would be amazing right now
-- thank you!
TEMA is Paying your sales tax today.
#CBS won't let me stream any videos this week. I can't figure out why!
Hosting "Will Work for Food" is my dream job. Screw politics. Sharks, bees and bars are much more exciting.
I was worried about zombies...it was close but I beat em.
I'm f***in hilarious. Just an FYI.
Honestly I don't read books at all and I legit cant put this book down! Lol you need to read it
#AustinComeToChile we eant you here so bad!!!
Issa calls Obama administration corrupt. Google Issa and key words: gun violation, arson.
Try it for 30 days, do a Whole30 by It will change your life. I hope do it!
what i thought Leon Eugene.
kool! sky arts?
Hi Josh!
this #election season will be more fun to watch than the SuperBowl! What happened to the Republican Party of my birth?!
Best Thing I Ever Ate: last night's churro tot. gracias amazing.
Hopefully as in Tater.
for starters, that's the wrong kind of knife lol
Perfect! We need to schedule a photoshoot soon. Also, who is Killer?
I know this probably violates FERPA and every USC IT policy, but I cannot rely on our systems.
I know the feeling. I reached 3000 today. It does give one a special feeling.
Why would you ever think it was a good idea to throw something at a guy on a bike? C'mon Madison, I expect better from you
Answer: Cast absentee ballots from space.
Do you drink dessert wines? We do, but we are a bit over the top sometimes. When do you like a bit of sweet wine? What is your favorite?
If we had a baking show on TV, what dessert would you like us to create and bake on air?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 1
We all have those staple items we love to wear all the time. Tell us about your fav piece.
u hit me up late last night. I thought something was wrong
JOSH TURNER I LOVE YOU.
What's gonna happen when RNG comes back to Washington....Will they still go to public school or...
do whatever makes you happy and fuck what anyone has to say about it
feel better love!
on top of the air purifier(s!), look into humidity monitoring devices & dehumidifier(s)...worth their weight in gold IMHO!
Watching the fight.
Would appreciate your prayers. is in ER after an antenna tower he was working collapsed. Still waiting to hear. (RT )
i didn't know FRANKLIN PIERCE was in the white house...
Apparently when they say that don't mean like open open so Idk what they mean.
sexy brother what's up man
Is divide social or philosophical? is not a wholesale adoption of semweb stack. Perhaps FB is seen as rival in idea space.
Im in Kansas.
The odds of making a royal flush are 649,740 to 1.
No, I'm being sincere!
Are u out of harm's way? Hope so!
Ghostbusters on the big screen. So excited! Who ya gonna call?
keep your head up and skills sharp. cross-training will help you have more articulate and meaningful conversations w both sides.
Chief Teare: "I do not want to break the law, so I respectfully decline to answer any questions that would do that"
Ugh, us too. I might mix it up with some cold cereal just to keep my kids guessing.
James Harrison has been invisible so far.
I'm excited to see all the tweets about the #FBBakeSale I'm bringing cupcakes and strawberry macarons tomorrow!
So much fun! I'm playing with my brandy new droid 4. it has a qwerty keyboard and voice recognition.
RT : Huge thanks to for an awesome event! It was great seeing everyone! So excited for #savingsnation!
Oh, yes, you will follow. I am the droid you are looking for.
I would have an upset stomach on my first day of work D':
Today Eating Friendly received 94 hits. I haven't Facebooked or Tweeted, either. She's growing up. Sniff.
he's not #Nats material ... he causes ulcers. Let's unload him, clone the Big Train, BAM! problem solved
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Missing her
Putting a new video up on youtube in 10 mins
doesn't make hip-hop for people that like to HEAR music. I make hip-hop for people that like to LISTEN to music
I'm so bored so u guys can ask me any questions you want and I will answer truthfully! (:
.that beachboyz reunion was IGNORANT!!!!!period
nope are we supposed too lol
So many at risk children at birth...and up to 5 years of age. Achievement gaps start right here.
I'm curious Michelle. What actually makes you an expert in regard to any of this? 3 yrs teaching? Political appt?
When I'm quiet, I'm thinking a million things.
Let me know if you need me to work on that mixtape.
- Thanks again!! How did the show featuring your music go today?
No matter what....
So... Number of girls in the wilderness between ages of 15 and 30 in the wilderness today= 0
All these opinions on CNBC and Twitter and no one admits how wrong they have been the last month. No predictions here. Just common sense.
man it was the lunch special so I got some lil weak ass rolls
I really wish this song didn't come on...
Great museums+wellness session with Beth of Museums can totally tackle this issue effectively!
Thanks to for the records (wo)man blog post!
Amazon is, of course, literally in the Wild West.
Happy Valentines day everyone
of course! Social girls gotta stick together! :)
48 once again... o boy!
I love when Nathan favorites my main account.<3 -B
Happy StarWars Day Everyone, May the Fourth be with you!
Tomorrow #Newt is supposed to drop out of the #GOP presidential race. He just couldn't flip flop fast enough to keep up with
I saw it in 2D and loved it. But then I'm 43 and probably incapable of thinking of 3D as anything more than an annoying stunt.
I wonder what alex thinks about all this...
Yes I did!
Will be good to see you vs Badgers. Lots of good memories!
okay I know that. Il do the talking. You just have to listen to me. Yw
One day I will write a cookbook. You know, when I start measuring things.
Holy shit. There is ice cream cake and my boss brought a beer from his "personal stash." This just got real.
Yes! Absolutely! It's all Philly Phil from here.
Working on the details for our summer tour now!
followe back? ;D
up in the spot, hangin...
Men will be men, Boys will be boys, and an Ass is an Ass..
C'mon #Kansas, at least make this interesting.
There are a lot of pretty cute people on the train right now, it's sad that I look like a crackhead
I loved the books years ago, but the show is INFINITELY better. Great writing and amazing cast
#nothingsmorestupid then a fucking poser, you don't fucking skate bro, stop dressing like you do.
We agree that grown men with proper Christian names do not go by the nickname "Wolf," right? #bachelorette?
SHOUTOUT to she's my home girll.<3 she's pretty amazing and has HILARIOUS tweets and it would mean the world to get 200 followers
Thanks for the #FF you guys. Real swell of you.
Taco Tuesday!
A tweet i just saw made me just die!!!
: Thanks for sharing the RT love! :-)
Start work next week :)
it has to be bud! this place is awesome!
I twitter I DONT TWEET
Tomorrow morning! kicks off a new series call #Questions. You don't want to miss it!
Well, this is really a roller coaster...
hope it is not a repeat
Yesterday, I purchased your xmas table top tree and wreath. It's some creative shit, and I liked it.
thanks for the #FF!
Sampras v Agassi at in tourney finals at Staples Center making me AND event sponsors happy
rt * Drive defensively, buy a tank.
Thanks Raine! Gotta send you my new project too:) Best, Lani
Grow up. You're immature, you're reckless, you do things without thinking. It will come around to bite you in the ass eventually, and hard.
Back to being nocturnal. YES! :-)
Hey Girl, that designer purse DOES NOT cancel out the sweatsuit, slippers & general unkemptness you are also sporting.
send me the link
...I came to the conclusion today that I'm going to be a Navarrete and marry Bryan, he's going to be a wonderful stay-at-home dad. :)
aka Hefty D
It is freezing x 2 outside! whooa
#ItsABadDayWhen Your #Condom breaks while your having #SexualRelations with a #CheapHooker from
i made a typo in my last tweet..
i wonder why is christian , chaz , an ryan so famous ? their basically living off of justin if justin was not their they would be nothing
I couldn't care less about game 1 of LAL vs OKC, I just want to see the reception Metta World Crazy gets.
thank you again! Hopefully it is a case of poor judgement and not outright corruption. Happy New Year!
That awkward moment when you get home from school and you look at yourself in the mirror thinking, "Did I really look like this?"
We've had some crowds here but nothing like out there. That's Verdi right?
It's kind of ridiculous that they open up voting for the MLB All-Star game 3 weeks into the season.
"If Oprah, Steven Spielberg and Bono had a baby, I would be that baby."
Great meeting you, too! We need to get together and talk more about Radiotron. Need to make youth aware of the history.
Happy Mothers Day to all those MOMs out there! May it be a great day for everyone!
Thanks for your support! RT : Check out - We are not out to save the world but to tell the stories of those who are.
Dont look through my window if you dont expect to come in.
Bye Twitter until the end of the day.. peace
there going to use Whitney's voice.
wow. listening to this makes me want to kill myself...
So very happy for you!! Congratulations on your upcoming #graduation from a very random fellow #Longhorn !!
I think that's what we are for :(
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong, when they are the problem...:/
What makes love stay? Tom Robbins asked me this 20 years ago and I did not know. Still don't. Is it too late for wine?
Parc at Rittenhouse Square! It's great for lunch...the decor transports you to the 1920s.
"The time is always right to do what is right" Happy MLK Day everyone. Stay focused and make forward progress each and every day in life!
It was back in the day when I met a brilliant young student named #Doom! - back in the day (skit) - Mf Doom
#mdsbw12 so proud to be a part of the 28th Annual Maryland SBA awards!
RT These guys fixed my crushed #Mac. They Are Legend. [And we LOVE fixing Macs!]
oh we're doing Get It OUt
and like other coaches in the B1G -- Tubby/Beilein...restrict those on the schedule, rivals, and potential tampers...so IDK.
you're going to have to text it to me. For some reason I'm "forbidden" to see the pic.
i work hard no days off -wale
He should have sent it from a Nigerian email address. That way he could deny it in 2016.
I never saw Crooklyn. Prob not. Next weekend. Spike make another sports movie or Do the Right Thing2
This fishing' in the dark sounds fun....who's coming with?
Me too!
Don't handle your problems just tweet about them like a normal American.
Did anyone else watch this week's Frontline? Damn!
Sounds good :) You are hilarious it was "cool-yo" 2B on Live 7 so glad 4 that opporty. "connection" to meet you!
can you tweet me that picture you took the other night with the nice note?
that is a great title!
its not looking good....tough conference
I'd wager a week's wages that you have the coolest haircut ever to grace the offices of the Hartford Courant.
Great experience for #JMS intern there! MT : We are so excited to present Rock Of Ages at the SD Civic Theatre.
#Smash i would very much like to see #Bombshell, the broadway production. && would like to download the musical cast soundtrack as well.
Worse than Rock God?
": Children learn through exploration, let them #BehaviourMatters"
My librarian wish for the day: all public computers would spontaneously burst into flames. STFU and wait your turn. Jeebus.
Well hopefully it works out!!
Purify your face..mix 2 tbs cranberry juice & 1/2 cup witch hazel - sweep over face with cottonball daily...
Who is the best singer of all time?
The Flight Tracker app is awesome. I totally recommend it!
Let me know if you post. Mine's a short take with many things unsaid, and yes, meant as thought-provoking
I got a job! I'm gettin' paper! And you know this! Very happy Latina right now. :)
I have a theory on why only 20k out of 160k students actually finished the Udacity course. (Actually, a story idea.)
Woah! Hello new followers. (said in creepy voice) Have you liked the FB page? Go do it. Special surprise if you do
To help manage your food cravings be sure to eat at regular times everyday. No casual or mindless eating.
thanks for shout out!!!
Hotter than Satan's nutsack outside
First day training a new hire class is always taxing...bring on day 2
Need help being promoted hit me up ! Singer , Dance , actor etc. I'm here for you !
Monday, wipe that smirk off your face.
If you know your employee drives a Silver Toyota 4Runner with the Florida License Plate ABS-B22, you might want to send him for a drug test!
I watch cartoon network
Love Alan Roach from Quite possibly my fav part of the Super Bowl
I still remember how we started talking...
It was! How did litltle kids not have nightmares lol?!
big birthday celebration along with music by starting at 10pm... Bounce with us tonight!
85% High Five To Me >:P
she probably did!
would you come to speak to our youth at Canaan Baptist Church of Christ in Harlem on youth Sunday ?????
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it. -George Halas
That Was THE Best Dream I Ever Had!! But Seriously Carlos Needs To Make An Album Of Juss Him Singing Songs He Writes!! (: <3
Hayward needs to join Twitter. It's clear he'd be welcomed with open arms.
Coll/Univ steps: 1) redesign courses, 2) smarter use of technology, and 3) cut or freeze tuition
Heard from a lot of Lehigh followers disappointed they aren't more than +12.5. Thinking that public money should push that # up by tip?...
Enjoy your holidays everybody !
that's weird
This is my new favorite time to come to the gym :)))
Also confused about how mandated transvaginal ultrasounds equate to less intrusive government. Seriously?
Chipotle why u put bacon in your beans.
NSAI interns & volunteers have been working like some busy bees to get ready for Tin Pan South next week! Are you ready? We're excited! -LA
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Lemme hear that verse!!!
Exactly! I'm just being a good kitten mom. :)
Mangia will be open Christmas Eve Place your Orders now!!
Zimmerman don't worry got your cell already 2 go you neighborhood watch print sheets will b in this week.
Brandon Morrow has surrendered only 1 run in his last 25.2 innings ...
Everyone please give a warm welcome to my bestfriend she's new to this follow her she's
At taco bell, yumm :]
I think was actually pretty nice to me the majority of the day! #accomplishment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
.“: Thanks much for coming out tonight — good to meet you.” It was great meeting you too. Great event!
May's issue of "Collins Connection" is nearing completion. Don't miss out! Join our mailing list at
Probably looks like I'm wearing a nightgown in public, but who cares? I'm spending the rest of the day in a bath robe and slippers any way.
In super grind mode. Working as if I'm going on vacay tomorrow. <U+E40B>
ooh yea been watching the entourage marathon all day
RT : Today I received the endorsement of HOSPAC, the state political action committee of the Texas Hospital......
M&A Tip of the Day- Make sure your post closing transition is carefully planned. Many issues can come up so to plan is crucial...
One of the best things about working at GW is that the gourmet food trucks park in the street behind the English Dept! Asian tacos FTlunchW!
Great run in the
Catching up on #Californication and Moody just said
Women's 'no' in most cases means "ask me again")))
"The way to happiness: Forget self, think of others. Try this for a week and you will be surprised."~Norman Vincent Peale
I can not wait for #BOYFRIEND music video! Ah *screams* its gonna be #swaggie &&
i thought ur white when i first saw yu lmao
Who are Lexington's most powerful tweeters? I've heard mentioned several times. Who else? I need suggestions.
Just spent a small fortune at Sephora to counter how manly all this training is making me feel. Don't know what primer is, but I bought it!
darn, it works for me, but it's just a FB post, so it may require being friends w/ him. i've shared it on my FB page too.
": #TeamBlackBerry I'm back #BBM pin:33091B99" FELLAZ. ADD MY SISTER. SHE IS A NEW YORK PORN STAR TURNED MODEL. 321E399F
I know you probably won't see this, but it's worth a try; it would absolutely make my day if you followed mee <U+2665>
better bring that with you tonight little girl!!!
HOW FUN!! I have relatives like that.
Standing tall for all the educated brothers with tattoos and an insatiable appetitie for knowledge.
I wish i could do that
As misshapen as we feel ourselves to be, attention from another reminds us of our true shape in God: Greg Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart
I gotta go somebody ask Trey to follow me please I need help
We had a wonderful time yesterday. We hope all of you at the parade did too!
Richmond National Battlefield Park Ribbon Cutting Ceremony will take place on Sept 10th
DONE!!! when is tg doing another show?!?!?!
great Denise! And you? How goes life?
#MadeUpSexualPositions The Crabby Patty :~: you know you want it Haha
Time to hit the gym before my classes start. BRB.
The joys of tipton county...
If u live in Austin look north. Round rock is getting hammered
YOU DON'T KNOW OH OH YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL!
Y every body gotta be mad at me! ~I'm so unknow bout this info <is there another Kayla I dnt know about saying stuff 0.0 -_- <.>
Ponyboy was sexy as hell(;
I think that is called "Media Malpractice"!
ditto, thanks to I've made it my mission in life to stalk La Jolla until I find out who he is.
Handlebar Mustache
I went down with the ship....LOL. Will fly my house flag proudly. Gonna stay off Twitter to avoid the Flower bashing.
EVEN IF IM NOT FROM SWITZERLAND
I think I need a happy hour...
ooh yours sounds better than mine I want one of them one's
Just witnessed history- Gay Men's Chorus sang National Anthem at the Wizards game- an NBA first I am told! Thanks to the Wizards 4 ho ...
Should I get 2 iPads and sell one?
witnessed a heated argument between a dutch journalist and a russian technologist. 'u don't know shit' was tossed about
Got a cramp in my leg!! Hurts like hell!
What do you think is the best song to play on piano?
So, I grabbed my umbrella on a whim this morning. Best whim ever.
Great crowd at the waiting for Hadag Nahash to take the stage. As soon as we clear the Will-Call line folks. Savlanut!
do you mean the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge or is this something else?
Lol! Yup, it is
I think digg is a very useful tool on the internet
I can't wait to hear Austin's new songs.
Pac12 ROY, Pac12 Coach of Year, Regular Season Champ ... Apparently doesn't mean much now.
Q: Are we too dependent on our subscribed systems in an age that calls for flexibility, versatility, and DIY?
we should catch up soon on AIM/GTalk/whatever works-I suspect our interests may be even more parallel than they were back in the day!
<U+266B><U+266B>~ Im Making a Taylor Swift Fan Video. Who wants to be in it? It will be sent to her tweet me! ~<U+266B><U+266B>
Freedom of conscience for me, but not for thee.
In china the KFC slogan finger lickin good translates to eat your fingers off
#np I need that- Vixen ENT :)
...famous last words
Shane Mosley is punch drunk. Golden Boy should retire him before he gets hurt
LMAO, what do you want, madam?
Apparently, having a 7 year old daughter has turned me into a 13 year old girl.....#teamseddie!!!
Aww I love Dogs so much!!! They rock!!!!
See you tonight?!
like histrionics, but historical. e.g., "I tried to push him on the issue of listenership, but he just slipped into historics.
So I went to high school with your new basketball coach. He was a year older than me.
According to WWD Anthropologie plans to open its first accessories-only store and has several other new concepts .
Holmes hires former Shelby Valley head coach, Jason Booher
I got a problem,... I like to fuck
hey! Crazy busy day yesterday! My suggestion is to add a vitamin and/or electrolytes too. Let me know if you need any thing else.
Celebrate Jazz Tonight 7pm-10pm @ Washington Convention Center (Ballroom A) JAZZ CONCERT & ISSUE FORUM
I had to come in and shut shit down, which I did! ;)
A world where the likes of Josh Morgan, Jason Campbell & Eddie Royal are trending on isn't a world a sports fan wants to be part of
indeed, it's a powerful one!
good back to school today :) I love U <3
I see bro. This what they been waitin for.......
"Remember when you were a kid waiting all year for summer vacation? Life has a way of passing by faster than any old summer vacation."
I wake her up everyday to take me.
Resisting reading Fish on MLA titles. Been there. Done that.
glad you both had fun! We have to get together soon ;) XOXO cc
so u second PB?
: RT if you agree employers should NOT be able to ask you for your passwords to Facebook/private online accounts
Fatal-- pedestrian vs. vehicle accident on 212 and Reform. More info coming up at 7:30 on
gotta head to work tweethearts!!! later days!
Do you or david still have acess to a super 8, ?
#YouRaiseCeeLoUp so he can see in mirrors.
The Bucks will battle it out against the Cleveland Cavaliers tonight at 7:30 p.m.
Linear Actuators and Control Boxes -Progressive Automations
Yes, they are. Nice shot.
Thanks for making it happen - great event! RT : Thx for participating tonight! Really enjoyed your perspective.
I wish I still weren't attracted to you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Elections years always force me to remind myself that I shouldn't change my friendship with someone purely b/c of their political ideology.
Keep rewinding the tv so I can watch 's video for Wanted over and over.
At Philly in Week 2 will be tough for #Ravens. Michael Vick should be healthy early in the season, matchup nightmare when 100 percent
mother daughter breakfast. im modeling....yay... at least my twinny is doing it too (;
Lmfao ! That just made my week !!!! :D hahahaha lololol
'Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.'
He happened to break Peyton Manning's record for winningest QB in NCAAF history
has an oversensitive nose xD I hope the holidays don't kill her!
There are rules for late submission of evidence that qualifies for consideration, Clerk's file.
I'm in yankton until I move next week! Gone for this weekend though as of tomorrow. Back on Sunday - Wednesday
lmmfao at the way you said that tho!
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up. -John Andrew Holme
My (almost) 5 month old cocker spaniel has the energy of a boxer puppy. It's scary.
Thanks for following.
I'm guessing republicans can't find a hole big enough to hide in right about now! But democrats will probably save them!
Stuck late at the office? We're open till 8 pm! Come by & we'll give you a big stress-relieving hug!
16 time Grammy winner.
Complete with diagrams and ratings? Oh, my, the head reels at the possibilities.
Three new interfaces this month means we can now connect with about 75% of pharmacies in the country. ECP eMAR and EMR is on.
#TheReasonWhyILoveBasketball <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> It helps me clear my mind and not stress about anything...
I think I developed an allergy to coffee smh
omg there was so much mindfuckery in that tweet
Mavs clinch another playoff berth
Thanks, Mark! I added you to the class list.
If you think O-hole is bad wait till the real Antichrist arrives.
there's room! I'm headed to happy hour pals. xo
Why the Efficient Markets Hypothesis Is a &quot;Half-Truth&quot;
Q9 - I'm running a 5K in June!
Great morning with Democrats. The Party is waiting to endorse in #AD79 but I'm proud to have won the most votes from delegates today.
#FF my new followers if you aren't already.. Missed some:(
In the end, it is the person you become, not the things you have achieved, that is the most important.
Waiting for the all-clear from , but processing service appears to be back up, at least for the moment.
Hello! What kind of clinic do you work in?
that's cause you got the CAT SCRATCH FEVER. Rimshot.
Some n00b is texting me lols.
If. I can't outwit a bunny rabbit, I may as well pack my things and go home.
RT : It's better to go slowly in the right direction than go speeding off in the wrong direction.
my parents are coming in2 town for my bday this weekend if u want 2 join 4 din?
has all the Lolz today
Yes, I noticed this a long, long time ago. Are you just noticing now, or did 'mac point this out to you?
downloaded trial of CS5
Thanks to Jon W Foland for "liking" us today
Health issues!! Yikes!! RT : #teamVirgo what's your biggest fear?
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA PARTY TONIGHT!
PRAISE THIS AMAZING WEATHER!
impossible to say only one, serious horror, comedy horror or cult?
Just listened to the best anti-censorship song ever... "Should I See" by Frozen Ghost. (BTW, follow the PackerPage!) Call me!
Thanks for including us in the Rebound Lovers Daily! It's SUCH a good daily, people - READ it!
Really needs to work on the basketball game review but cuddling with my son is so much more relaxing!
I mean of course it's raining too.
Thanks it really works. I needed help organizing story ideas. Using a structure map makes the ideas start to click into place.
": Then Some Chips & Ice Cream #HerDAUGHTER" you need to eat some veggies, ur still growing..
Good Morning World!!! Currently at 10:55am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees. High: 54* Low: 30*
"Get to know each other cause you never know when their going to be gone"
My first album is gonna be called saxual healing and every purchase gets a love potion.
March 30-April1: Visit ACRL Booth 215 (ATLA) for a free gift and a chance to win some cool prizes, like Sennheiser headphones.
Another day, more stress. What else is new... Stupid insomnia.
I hear you
Louie Oosthuizen double eagles hole 2 at #Augusta for the first time in Masters history.
Yes, yes, I'm sure you know my needs better than I do.
Since it is a beautiful day and I'm not letting anything ruin my mood, I will let the fact that you are an absolute idiot slide.
Hey Auto Show goers! Clue: We have soul, and that's still fun, but this little car, is an EPIC one! Tweet us a picture of the car and win!
Unknown artist? Unload your music for sell...www.whoorli.com
R.I.P. Maurice Sendak - I owe you much for my childhood inspiration to read and dream.
Cold pizza and green tea? Okay den.
I'm always going to have the inch of doubt becuase of this.
I need something to do.
LMFAOOO. boys are disgusting. omg
Stopping home for the first time in awhile..#seeyaconshy <U+E011>
hellhole rat race
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else
Tips for Designing Website /GUI , silverlight , HTML , Flash, CSS ...
I love that shit!!!!!
ya'll gonna make me act a fool up in here up in here..
Any nursing alumni out there? In honor of Nurses Week, UOPX is offering a complimentary continuing education course and four...
brb pulling my amazing iphone outta my ass you gotta wait till tomorrow den xo
I was in a couple of writers groups that had McKeeheads spouting rules. I think they want to be right about something, anything.
Athena got some new sexy lingerie for tonight and oh man...whoa....toc bar baby with myself in the mix and athena hosting the night.
oh ok. Well, still cool. I like Lindy's stuff, too. Keep up the good work
Atleast I can get on twitter and not get weather updates...
College Planning Workshop tonight at Rancho San Diego Library. Should be a great turnout with tons of information.
goodnight bad bitch ;D
just a thought but it would be interesting if you did vintage pin up girl tutorial. both hair and make up.
Another tip 4 the Chinese New Year is 2 use these last 2 days to finish any old business so you can go into the New Year with a fresh start!
I'm trying to avoid using proper nouns. I purchased the magnetic folding one.
Thanks to everyone who came to the show!
thx for the rides today and for your energy at the #fairshareoxy action. You are awesome!
McDonald's sweet tea! (:
My new fav commercial: "What are *you* doing in your yard!?"
Our 2011 DC debut has been confirmed: Wednesday 4/13, DC9. Now exhale...
RT : The art history dept at Pratt misses you! | Thank you! So nice to hear, I miss the department and especially the students!
Happy birthday! And thank you, this looks pretty cool.
Mark Jackson just coined the "Jordin Sparks" defense -- giving Z-Bo "no air." SMH
In a society That has destroyed all adventure, the only adventure is to destroy that society
You are most welcome. Thank you for writing yet another brilliant book. I always look forward to your titles. :)
me too. But I can't ask a guy to risk his champion $ to "put on a show for the fans." It's a shame. But the answer is more talent
Got the day off for Columbus day? Naughton's is open to help you w/ those home plumbing, heating & cooling projects you've been working on.
oh god. yeah ride that stripper pole for gus.
sending prayers up bro.
The only guy who will forever have my heart . <U+2665>
Last day of break hello school :(
Ball don't lie. That was an awful foul call.
In light of the bigger problems at stake, the fact that the article is paywalled-off just seems so perfectly appropriate somehow.
#bestconsultsever Super nice social work student wonders if I do this as an assistantship while in school. Full time librarian here.
What is your favorite eBay tool?
Papa Murphy's Classic Italian. Only the finest! ;)
excellent choice of beer my friend
You need to be ready to act quickly with social media. Allow PR to drive key messages.
they're both cute but I like the three piercing one better ( :
Small island nations commit to new steps at UN forum to reduce fossil fuel use
Blue light Curtain just took the stage at Highline, still lots of time to get here and see amazing music.
ITs PAY DAY and tonight its on at WET NIGHTCLUB with POWER 102 9-2a, Drink specials, Power Mixers & more! 915-449-2066
Correction today paintball
thank you. I'm much better.
haha see you there <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
"Strawberry Fields Forever, was inspired by a Salvation Army house near Lennon's childhood home
Boarding the plane to go back to missouri.
That'll be great ill be there in 40 min
absolutely. call or come by the gallery. have a great weekend.
RT Sugar Shane will fall soon! So will Big Ben too! Welcome to Raven Nation brother. Next man up-Shaw!
Fill in the blank! Everything I needed to know about #compensation I learned from ____.
Witnessing directorial genius of with animator/creator
Lol well keep that in mind I got you
Uh, I hate that too. Viscerally.
Hi , what service do you require?
I am from the city where where the hoes at means what's up
"I was not disappointed. I met brothers&sisters I never knew I had. I danced & sang & prayed, my heart was at home." -MWills (Zimbabwe 2011)
Listening to old J Hood from like 2004-05
Lol ya now because of me, my mom is dreaming about u as well. Funny...lol
that depends: did you play the drums on all your records?
at the Casco Bay Inn in Freeport, Maine! just bought so much stuff! time for dinner! :]
Me too!
Getting new headshots with Jon Simpson this Thursday.
Day 1 of captain's school today!
YEAH FIELDER
everyone's welcome to #HackingEdu Happy Hour on Thursday, if there are any tix left is managing RSVP's
Hey I dm'd u not sure if u got it.. we want to put some videos of yours on our site.. which one would u like us to put on? :)
COCKTAIL SPECIAL TODAY $20 for a tan plus a spray tan! Get ready for the weekend wooohooooo
question: how do we make this content discoverable? the stuff is in discrete containers all over out web spaces.
haha I just got mine after I got done with finals (my other one was school loaned) so I know how you feel about being obsessed.
hell yahh giants!!
For those who attended Federated Identity Essentials in Norway 3/22 - I have updated materials link for you, go get it!
yes, I am at my daughter's school. Such fun. :)
Girl you look good when you back that ass up!
Gonna go see #MaMainBitch after this showaaaaa
21 Days Left until Summer! gotta finish strong. #yesyesyesyesyesyesyeah <U+E04A><U+E449><U+E01C><U+E43E><U+E328>
Just woke up from a dream that I was feeding a horse apples with an outstretched palm & it tried to bite my finger off. What does that mean?
Hey look at me, I'm tweeting for the first time... oh wait, you can't see me... only my tweet. I still need to upload my picture.
Mary Gaitskill. Michael Cunningham. Eileen Myles.
there are some projects a few blocks from Chubby's and Mile High Stadium.
Last hour of ALL the Hours approaches and I'm actually nervous -- how will Mike pull it all together??
now you know better. It's high school, showing up and doing the work is 85% of the battle.
was it your gameplay?? I haven't watched it yet
Ministers & clergy have said nothing about president Obama's embracing of non-traditional marriage. I think this is hypocritical. TBR
I will give you the best trick and treat; u had ever :) just hit me up?!
fantastic! Great idea to come early
I've always used Little Photo, not Instagram.
maybe knows...
R.I.P E Kennedy!
Wow, just won 2 free airline tickets at game for naming their bench "NY Underground" Thanks and #knicks !
Yorkshire tea ahh!
oh and here come the excuses folks. take it like a man mintz.
Thx, Delayed flight from CMH = missed flight at IAD. Sorry but I'll be late to JFK!
Oh no no it's ok I clean
Q: Would you like to go abroad? #Pollock "No. I don't see why the problems of #Modern painting can't be solved as well here as elsewhere"
This sub is a Nazi.
Oh hai GM commercial about how Detroit is hard working and resilient! 2011 much?
"We All Have A Really Short Friend" no I AM the short friend.
Liking the way Greinke is throwing tonight. 1 hit through 5 innings, not bad. Go Crew.
here and ready :)
Ukuk, member " yea in ma white tee " lml :o
its truth be told now or its meet your demise ;D
FRIDAY: All 2011 tees will be $10, plus we'll have a bin of designs ready for $5 while-you-wait tees! Stop by 5440 Penn Ave
Just signed up for the Google BigQuery service.
Hey there!
multiple reasons for Xmas-treeing bubble sheets. Exams should only count for grades where tied to curriculum (EOC)
Twitter is hella not my thing .. lmao bye guys
Haha! You have a really good memory! I want to come see you & booza soon! :)) I think we should make come with!
Get it out of there, Kansas.
All I wanna do is spend money , laugh, eat & have fun.!!
Wake up Williamsburg! Come get yer #breakfast burritos! Taco Chulo style!
ah shown on #Enews twice today.. Not used to this, looking good ;)
Punching fire extinguishers: that's that shit I don't Ike
just made a fan happy with her hug me sign.
Day 2 of the Dupuy/Allen workshop on pedagogy and multiliteracy. We'll be tweeting comments, insights, etc. Not from an iPhone this time!
You should ask..
Gameday! Make sure to come on down to the MCSC and check out all the action tonight. Cheapest entertainment in town.
Join us next week for BridgeTEFL Tweetchat! Enjoy your weekend everyone...
We must change in order to survive. -Pearl Bailey
At Reagan going N on yellow line. Woman who's driving has outstanding comm skills - love riding with her.
FWI I go to church
Help pay the bills! Keep job til this doubles income then go FT! 27 yr old company does $800 million last yr! 360-217-7967
Listening to #stateradio on a bright sunny Monday.
Being brave is being afraid and still moving forward...
Thanks for sharing our blog post!
Teens seem to be getting prego or married. O_o
I hate when someone important to me disappoints me, especially for something that's supposed to be "a thing of the past"
Thanks for following us, we appreciate it! :) ^SZ
I miss my nigga no homo lol
Tweet! Tweet! I too am tweeting at you. I mostly just retweet Jose Canseco tweets. :)
This is my first twitter message! Cool!
I see a office space copier reenactment.
I didn't buy a lottery ticket but I did bang a rich old man. Here's to hoping he'll die soon!
“: is telling random boys on the bus to lickety that she works out 3 times a week..” lies
people complain about the game not the maps. At least that's what I have noticed. Haven't played the game for about 2 wks feels gdd
Words I'm planning to live by...via Leslie Visser..."Sports are the ultimate passport!"
Okay, Tigers! Here We Come!
This could constitute an unfollow #WomanBeater but, will let it slide to get to know u
Hmu, my album's coming out real soon, doe! Hmu!
just wrote you on Facebook
CEO Kelly Brough has a simple message on behalf of Colorado's kids "help us". Support house bill 1238
ahit you and ya family lol
The shows of Tv more jeniales are and
okay and ill bring starbursts too
will you be at the #Madden NFL cover announcement tomorrow? If so, would love to connect at some point.. Best of luck!
Great to hear that Wisconsin's unemployment rate continues to fall (7.3% in Nov).Our neighbor,Illinois (10%),Our Country (8.6%).
Congrats! I will have to make the next one.
hour. Love you!
his show is a mess today not only one but two, I'm kind of nervous about the third one
Agreed. Not exactly what league wants to hear. Thought interview was still a brutally honest depiction of the sport though.
Always think of your meals in this order: protein, fat, carbs. Amount of carbs should always be determined by amount of activity.
CALLING ALL FELLAS!Who can do it better?Who can go hard till the end and never let up?<U+2665>
I don't want to go to school...
“: u still #tardyforthaweddin?”>>> I am
I'm an NPC in the game of my life.
Funny cause it is..
"Carlos Boozer a one man wrecking machine here in the second half." Interesting word choice.
You've crossed too far over the line at the point when people burn down a church simply over the matter of race. Unacceptable.
Of course! Thank you!
hahahaha favorite word <U+2764> but when will you be in Muncie again boyfriend.
Great trailers for devil times five, jaguar lives, enter the ninja and tons more opened scifi spectacular 6
Everyone is a friend, until they prove otherwise. -
Sodas are bad, mmmmkay. RT A recent study shows consumption of diet drinks may actually increase waist size: weil.ws/oNkTEg
*Intro to Restaurant Customer Service* has partnered w/ us with this 8-week course! the lovely Instructor!
Dear #YouTube, why did you block my movie clips...but I can find those same clips all over YouTube?
#Tonight was really nice that's all I can say. c:
Ok, I'll run out and buy one right now. :) (Hey there, stranger!)
Why am I hearing trains at 11:47 pm?
I am revising a WIP this morning, having turned from England/Florence 1850 to London 1601! My latest novel has just been sent to my agent..
RT : Phaedra what did u see??? "Dirt and grass" LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! ~ I am crying laughing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
While pushing their 34 dollar t-shirts on you in the concession stand lobby -
I like that real sexy and juicy
I believe Terry. The same thing just happened to Metta WorldPeace.
I'm still-- and always-- 100% pro hug. It's the rest of the world that has conditions.
I'm willing to engage in conversations no matter what your opinion is, but if you're hateful or a name caller, the key word then is "block."
When you think you said something Slick and nobody retweet! Dam! Let alone Follow!
Benny's adorable, so I'm not even mad.
ZillyDilly creator will be at #IRA2012 tomorrow! Let us know if you're attending and let's meet up!
I was saying that Sunday. And thus evident that his hot wife CLEARLY married him for his money.
I need to get a lawyer......... to write my political science 300 briefs.
Hitler destroyed the German university with design; we destroyed ours without
very cool...
Jam lead at halftime 66-53. Butch with 17 points, making five 3 pointers
Endless Possibilites when you find the Right Plan that lets you set aside a small amount for your Retirement. Share it for Huge Returns!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 16
well it's a star inside of a star and i wanted to either get it on my wrist or my hip, pelvis area
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue. ~Author Unknown
if you talk about something after it airs, it's not a 'spoiler.' Spoilers come from sneak previews and such.
We are obsessed with PLLs too! Love that show - especially the creepy end bit!
The joys of being the golf caddy. :/
I love how in the Niggas In Paris video they have a clip from Blades Of Glory <U+E107><U+E107><U+E00E>
When I'd go to clubs, I spent half the time texting people who weren't there. Eventually I realized I could just send those texts from home.
Feast your ears on the #SundayJazzLounge tonight at Bohemian Caverns 8-11 Featured soloist Tedd Baker!!
NYC is super fun. You'll love it.
happy birthday man!
I'm gonna punch SO HARD WHEN I SEE HER
I need a side job... I wanna do too many things
What I love about teaching: Gone two days and the other 1400 kids and teachers in our school plow on. Gotta get back on that horse and go!
Swim Good..Frank Ocean an everyday all day song ii listen to. Lol
Sports Bar
Cue sleep-deprivation and lots of writers all in one place, plus perusing lots of journals. Any writers festa coming up?
TONITE! Are you struggling, always working to get new customers? Turn current ones into your best sales team! www.CantSucceedWithoutIt.com!
When the only person you want to text takes forever to reply<
Once again i was the only guy with a wild camo jacket at the meeting lol
Deal of the Day: Girder & Panel Deluxe 300 pc Construction Kit for $48.95 (over $50 off!) Awesome gift for builders.
lol I see.
Home from work, going to bed, getting up in less than five hours. The things I do for the #Brewers ...
powered up computer and smelt magic smoke....never a good sign...
yep...don't have one of those here in Austin. :(
thanks for a great session!
Oh that would be nifty! and I are going together but that's all I know of!
Hey! Yes Im all moved in, well mostly,ha ha, no internet in the place yet. There is an apt open if you are interested :)
did anyone get a picture of the reserved seats for tea party in jfc? Headline: "these seats were paid for by..."
I put my life on it u won't score on me if I didn't want u 2 moma
Yea u get attention from stayin in a dudes face but that let's them know your easy ITS NOT CUTE!!
go head get yo drink on!
Tell me that u trust i will continue to soar w the wind. #dissertating w a
Well how would you use it?
I've just come back from the beauty parlour. Pity it was closed!
Thanks Dee!!!
girl she probably scared of her too! Lol and you know Tami on twitter saying she's being bullied on the Internet now?!
Youngest wants me to make her choc from scratch. Keeps asking where we can get cacao! (This after bringing home lib. book)
So ready although this is the first video that is really un-scripted or planned. OEM Storage..GO :)
Soo tired! Lazy sunday for me I think
The quite car on the train does not excuse people from expressing common courtesy i.e. excuse me, pardon me, good morning...
As we ready to start a new week, remember how God will guide us through the coming week and God's spirit will be with us.
This movie is so intense!!!.
Takes a couple of idiots to ruin the whole thing
Botched an audition, but later got a call that I'm back on the gig that canceled last week. God always has a blessing in store!
that was a major gaffe!
“: Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
If consistently writing than I'd say it's time for an official response. Point by point, respectful and professional.
hey! Happy whatever you celebrate!! Congrats on all the bookings!!
sorta kind of.. How you been?
I sure am!
Kick off at 6:26 come save your seat!'
Tweet something.
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb lol no who ever wasted their time coming up with this trend is dumb...you dont even know the fanbase's name-.-idiots.
Unfair, cheating and scary- take on "Fantasy changes the way you watch the game."
we out to Pacha Saturday
Jenna tweeted about it, too.
Sheryl Crow just brought Brad Paisley onstage at
I wanted to come Tonight but they were completely sold out :( another day though!!!
Yo man...where you been?? Holla at me.
k, thanks! I'll call you all soon!
*sigh* I want to resort to illegally downloading music but I'm too big of a music enthusiast to do it.
Ok twitter, teach me your ways.
if u need hook-up @ UltraBar Thursdays TXT me names for list: 703-407-3810
it was adrian but no one is gaining weight over here
It's called the fastlane #idiot:)
so much for the revenge.
IMO it's generall folks that don't want to invest effort in having a timely blog but don't want that to be obvious
what time is umami done serving?
Wishing u and ur family a merry Christmas! I hope Santa was good to ur boys! :-)
Already ordered my #Kony2012 bracelet.. Have you??
Having to watch the Caps game off of the Boston TV feed is awful.
RT : RT : I don't get why same sex marriage is such a problem. If you don't like it, don't marry the same sex ...
yes when.. We need to laugh. Miss u!
now I know who and when you were talking about We were at Landmark with Megan I did this because I think about you ALL THE TIME!!
Of course you did! She's got a smile on her face!
Rainy days are good for oil changes!
Made 's chocolate pudding last night and we're all hooked! So rich and delicious. I keep sneaking spoonfuls!
Did you move back or just visiting? I'm looking for a roommate :)
WTF is up with my twitter is not letting me follow or follow back
Liberty University is aptly named since there you have the liberty to ban the College Democrats from campus.
Read about dinner at Sylvia's and how you wanted more tweets. That is too cool. I would text with you!!
..but under NO circumstances, should you take THIS SHIT, savy? What, does she have a spell on you, literally?
Slight Work :)
Naturita motto reinforces partnership emphasis: "we accomplish nothing alone"--
Its all good Bruce. Keep doing the do!
yup. That's my lil daughter chick. She is my world. :)
Most frustrating day ever
Isn't "farther" for physical distance and "further" for degree? (I always mix 'em up!)
I want to meet a guy named Art. I'd take him to a museum, hang him on the wall, criticize him, and leave.
RT : R.I.P. Steve Jobs. I hope the iPhone works in heaven.
On Thursday we open for submissions to The Orphanage Writer's Residency!
The words I use in my stories can be found in the dictionary it's just a matter of arranging them into the right sentences.
Omg I'm starving
So sorry I missed Gabriel's b'day! Say do you have the link to his upcoming film All Things To All Men? Thanks Stella!
- here we go again! Another day of class - I know you'll wow me!
did you get the email I forwarded to you today?
So call me maybe
haha thanks girl!! Love you:) thanks for coming!!
Bitches be trippin on twitter, like chick ur 2. Go to ur room!
Sweet baby Jesus I am so ready to go!
I live near Orlando,(4 hour drive) but who's Cody Simpson?
Women make the world go round
Unix, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly. - Shahazad
Getting my nails done and this lady is making me bleed so much -_-
OMG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.. i want to see you in concert but i live in America... :(
I heard Raven came out the closet....How in the fuck did Raven Symone fit in a closet any way?
We are launching a new product that is a vinyl adhesive nail wrap, sure to not chip...ever! Would a black design interest you?
only if hes related to Bernie, Linda, &amp; Jeanna! lol
Any time today is good for me Steve. Look forward to it!
hm. I may just do that! Any Specials tonight or just the some ole GREAT Food
I grew up in Chicago on Lake Michigan and lived in Houston, 50 miles from the Gulf and Galveston. I miss that beach!
can u please talk to me LAWWWWWWWL ?
Is it just me but Howard Stern would make a better judge on #Idol than Steven or Randy; he's articulate, coherent and he's not creepy at all
yooooooo did ya get the email?????
Its been a while twitter haha, havnt really had time to visit :) busy day today and work later! X
Birthday Weekend has Officially started!!! Gonna go crazy!!
Happy New Year Bro!!!
…sisters who like to steal my iPad and hijack my twitter account.
Yayyyy! Thank u!
“Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.” Paulo Coelho
Exactly. If people keep paying to see crap while ignoring great unique films, that is what they will continue to get.
LMAO!!!!!! SHEEN!!!!!!! He was freakin weird, but I love the connection all these years later, you're hilarious Belle!!!
Thinking if I sleep in my workout clothes, I will be more likely to get up to go to the gym in the morning? Wishful thinking?
oh for sure. I don't know off the top of my head but I can find out!
it wasn't a group! It was just me -flips hair-
before? nah
At Langsam. The place where I bump classical music.
Birthday Cake may be our most popular flavor, but Ginger is one of our most unique! Stop by and try both today!
They always say the hottest love has the coldest end.
Too early!
Join us this evening for cocktail reception E&O Trading www.eotrading.com/ 7:30-9:30pm (via )
Welcome to The Spot Have a great time!
All tied up 3-3, down to the final match against Utah for
Headed back to the studio soon!
New Video: Penn State Student section converges between goal posts to distract kicker, one of the most amazing things I've ever been a part
I would never do that to you
I'm single because I'm perfect and no one can live up to my expectations.
I hate when people beg for spillit or whatever it is comments... WRITE TO YOURSELF which I'm sure you do anyway....
is layin down more drum tracks today. Few more sessions, & then... GUITARS! Oh yea!
Let's get a cheering squad out there 8am Sun #LaJollaHalfMarathon Corner of Del Mar Heights and Camino Del Mar
Jeremy Lin is for real!!
It makes ur ppl wanna shout!
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. ~ Buddha
the network would gain so many viewers by giving her own show. My friends and I are obsessed with her!
Morning. It's Friday!:) gotta get matt outta bed and head to the gym. Have a great day!
steak fajita and eggs :) oh with black beans and salvadorean cream to go with the beans... Delishhhh
sometimes it blows my mind lol
Agreed. We are complacent, curriculum dull, & the teaching skills are lackluster at best. There, I said it.
#HH is almost here guys, where are you going to get your drink on? Stop by a #Bartab venue and get your $1 drink on!
Gearing up for ! If you're in the big apple come show some FUSION love Saturday and see "Hiding from Adults"
Watching my favorite show EVER!!!!
#Loex2012 lunch of grilled veggie wraps & soft drinks were good but wrap had disgusting mayonnaise....chips were not vegan (unfortunately)
great game both teams played hard
Must begin convering YA contemp. manuscript to YA magic realism manuscript. Signing up for Twitter was easier.
Daughter and her friends safe and catching up on sleep after tsunami's gentle hit on waikiki..
im paying video games lalala and i have to tll you something josh ill pm you
were you recording, writing, or just hanging out in Nashvegas? Did you write or co-write most or all of your next record?
Thanks for the kind words! Hit us up with any feedback you have about the app!
Leaf- "Yo what was that bot/baht song you guys kept singing?" Me- "Oh we made that up" hahaha
It'd be funny if Browns took Richardson, Bengals Kirkpatrick, and Steelers Hightower. Which Alabama player will Ravens take?
The countdown to Tuesday has begun! 5 days and counting! Make sure to put it on your calendar. 11.1.11 FREE BEER!
That's cool fam..
We need to trash the old commercials, DZ!
o! How about a hint?
Finished my second session Wow--never would have thought breathing would be so challenging!
Maybe try a little two-step? slow-slow-quick-quick
Same hairstyle and pose but that guy looks nothing like Justy <3
Ah, gotcha. That would be ridiculously late.
John Wells, Leesburg Town Manager reported in last night's council meeting, we've bought our first hybrid for the town fleet, a Ford Escape
Go Pack!
Rats.I'll be back in SLO by then. Should be back here in a couple of weeks; will contact you before.
When it comes to women I can be the most patient person in the world but bitches needs to hurry the fuck up.
Leland Stanford finally opened his ridiculous new university... the Baltimore incident, amply demonstrating the savagery of Chile...
Please have author Sam Kimball on your show. His book is The Infanticidal Logic of Evolution and Culture.
chillin with ben and carson!
NEVER, Jason! Always the TRUTH!
send thaCW your music, but only if u want the real on it, I can def feel the passion it took even if it aint for me
why are there people on top of the arch?
#MUSICREVIEWS Feeder - Generation Freakshow - Big Teeth Music
I meant, do I stink? :/
A friend is finding disturbing trends in his startup's direction.
Alex Gonzalez torn acl --3rd big injury for #Brewers, along with Gamel and Narveson. Not repeating in NL Central.
Shout out to my hubby for getting toilet paper
Now I'm dying from all these smokers fml
super impressed with the email I rcvd from Bishop #Rogness of the Happy to be a part of a church that takes a stand!
Happy Friday all! RT : Grt tweets
Sweet! Well if I decide not to compete I will still come up to the show & cheer u on, count on that fo sho :]
Rained in Fairbanks yesterday -- they actually got thunder, which is unusual. Beautiful sunshine here today!
I think I understand. Actually, that might hit on it---the mind seems to be trying to "pull" objects from 3D in to 4D space.
This morning's Professor Farnsworth moment: I invented an ending to my paper in a dream. And I forgot it in another dream. Alas.
I really am over thinking
what is the official hash tag for the weekend
any time on wednesday available for us to come on? We have a free break for listeners
Marlins bullpen so shitty
Glad to passed the audit.
It was great! Excellent speaker - we should bring her up north to talk to the rest of the class!
i like it like that
Come out for #geekswhodrink and stuff...
“: Me vs bourbon street round 5....series tied 2-2 let's go!” I left tied 2-2
I just want a place to sit with my laptop. I promise to consume a coffee or scone on the hour every hour.
#ThisWeeksThemeSongIs Make It Nasty.
Congrats Linnaea Saunders - #artservicesguild paintings conservator gave talk at LA City Hall yesterday re conservation of 9 SoCal murals
That really sucks, how much longer will any drag strips be around at this rate?
but of course, that's just an opinion ;-)
Watchin the voice,celo look like a rapist midget villan from an 80s sexploitation film. Like an isaac hayes mini me.
GO TRINITY SHAMROCKS # 1 high school team in the nation!!! That's the way to bring pride to football in the Bluegrass
I know! I wish I'd never looked...
you like it
We pushed out a 2.0.2 update yesterday that fixes this. If you can, update the app & let us know if you're still seeing this
my band www.myspace.com/bentutensil
excited for next week!
Feels like Christmas morning
Biodegradable Pod Garden Makes Planting Fresh Herbs a Snap ...
Why is there SNOW in the forecast?!?!
Day off after bubbling nightly 65. Played great but card dead. DC for the day with
I heard your lookin for a gentleman is it okay if he's
It's Mardis Gras!! That means Lent starts tomorrow.. what are you giving up this year?
had some cheesecake and thought about #CHEESECAKE!!!!!
Saturday we a VAP kb but Friday I ain't on shit
A little? I'm pretty sure you just cried A LOT. It's meant to be a comedy! How cute can you get?
You buy one? I saw them at CES… unbelievably cool.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
Just because you're in a relationship, it doesn't always mean you're happy.
Will do!
Using Supercritical Water Oxidation to Treat Hydrolysate from VX Neutralization (Compass Series) – Committee on Review and Evaluation
haha seems sarcastic...
Merry Christmas:)
well I hope you clean yourself up afterwards
no D; my brother took my laptop is iT good ? :D
Big show this SATURDAY NIGHT 8pm! W/ !! Guest list ne1?
That was a foul. Refs have to call it. Stop your whining, Celts fans.
ya your funny to
Where the fuck you be?lol RT : I miss you more sis
God School was boring :( -__-
Andrew Shaw was the Beatles inspiration
One of the main things I've learned so far. Don't let people fool you. Actions speak louder than words.
Man Ion Giva fuhhhhhh #MoneyTeam all day! All I gotta say.
XOXO ;) RT : Couch. Gossip girl. Ice cream WITH COOKIES ON TOP. Oh yeah.
You are six years old, weak and helpless! You cannot hurt me!
John Durante is back in Seattle before going back on the road on October 8th. Lots of time open for anyone wanting a piercing tonight! : )
Our R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent? Email pl
How can you not go to a Power game with games like that
if you want anotha follower 1 follow me 2 i follow back
haha Thanks Michael!
I need a budweiser
and if im not mistaken Bubba signed w/ Jets that year
meh at least this one didn't hit as hard. saw the demise of this year's team coming just not in round 1
SmartGamers are on our way to the Oregon Game Project Challenge (OGPC) in Salem, OR.
thank you, as always! submitted.
Planning for our new saturday nights at VICTOR HOTEL! Comp Cover all night!
How's college??
I have no idea why I am up this early... Time to crank up some fresh coffee.
Oh have fun!!!!
Studying Chemistry..
Jus hoping shit gets better for us :/
If I need a crash pad at your place, it's because I've spent too long at the Mineshaft. In that case, I won't be picky at all.
Happy Birthday to Account Manager and Marketing's !
I'd share if I could! I ate them both, lol, now I'm ready for a nap
It's so sad to think that. SMDH I would value love over sex anyday! damn
sure thing! :*
are you going to play?
hey girl happy super Saturday
i cant join cuz it wont work sorrz i really want to but it wont work :(
I have to finish them up. Sorry for the delay.
Michael Russell tops Mardy Fish in U.S. Men's Clay Court Michael Russell overcame ailing top seed Mardy Fish in the second round of the U
Year of the pitcher continues. Congrats jared weaver
Loved the movie think like a man!
The #ONE and #ONLY Kyle Still is on Twitter! Follow for #AMAZING content!
15 MORE HRS. TILL THE WINNER WILL BE ANOUNCED LETS MAKE THE MONEY PIMP ME AT THE MOST MENTIONS WILL WIN 4 FREE TICKETS WITH HEFF
Defending champion Regis Jesuit is seeded sixth.
omg yes!!! When cooter was like who's gonna love you now, and she said me, I was like OMG YES YES YOU GO GIRL
I'm not racist but there is one race that pisses me off on a daily. The human race.
Our generations Edison. For sure.
USA prime credit, I am Peggy I help you?
That foul call wasn't really necessary
Tried on wedding dresses last weekend...so fun! But how do you choose just ONE?!? I could spend our entire budget on gowns....
Cointreau party at Side Bar in FLL with DJ was a huge success. Thanks to all who came out.
coping with my first orthodontia. i feel like i should be in 5th grade.
no it'll go for a week or so. Sometimes it will start to smell
Free HIV testing at the North Park Walgreens tomorrow from 9:00am to 4:00pm. Spread the word!
I have like 9 hanging with friends games going with all of people I know.
You wouldn't say that if you were the one walking next to a clown while super Hot guys were ROFLing.
OMG IM OBSESSED WITH THAT SONG!!!! <3
Happy International Women's Day!
RT : Happy #dday to all the students. Please have a great time for all the alums out there!
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
Why is it when I'm downloading music I cant think of anythingg! Ahaha
Nope, is a new one to me. Golden Compass?
Congrats! What year was the Horn Dog?
Not always an MLB-ready player at position of need. RT : Isn't that exactly why there's a three-tiered farm system? Next one up.
Sun is shining, air is to get warmer, it's hopefully going to be a sunny & smooth sailing day in the office for all... #SunMakesUsHappy?
See you soon! RT Heading over to Llylewyn's Pub - Webster for RCP Happy Hour w/ Stop in and say hi!
Headed to tonight for a work event.
What's up with doing interviews on other medias than Fox? Pandering to the Libs, Mitt? Trying to be all "Obama" on Oreilly?
Stick with your entree and get over your sides...!!!!!!!!!
that's a good choice. "Exit through the Gift Shop" is superior.
Enjoy your weekend! RT : It is most definitely wine thirty.
I share it
Lovely things happening 2night, Combat with Sarah, my 2 little cousins looking pretty & handsome at their senior formals & babysitting Kourt
Home is Miami. We love our city. We do it for y'all.
I need the exact link for the video. Shoot it to me
Lots of personal attacks on Iowa State today. From too much booing to basketball dumb fans and ugly girls. Can KU and Iowa become friends?
Hey Twist I'm Lillian i order the Twist Magazines i still didn't receive the April Issues 2011 Mag when it going to be here.
Great times last night. Thanks for your hospitality.
Off to the doctor! Be back soon!!
I feel you 100%. That is why I have one thing on my walls and many things to hang.
thanks!! :) imma DM you my number text me
Someone hasn't been on Skype for a while and I am holding it against them secretly because I have something to tell them.
ahahaha I KNOW :D
I love how your sticking up for your friends:')
Snow this week in Pittsburgh! CRAZY.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
And congratulations. : ) Hope you have fun there.
Looking forward to it! RT : Thanks for mention! Can't wait to feature you on Chit Chat Cafe Live...
getting ready for my team the to play.
Tastes like being alive
I hate my 7th period. I have no clue what my teacher is talking about.
Who's got two thumbs and forgot her luggage at the place she was eating in #LGA? This girl. Fortunately remembered while boarding.
OK <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+261D>picture momentarily!!!!
Hello, nice to meet you...
#SaySomethin has been on replay for the past hour. best song on earth.
"Macarena", #nowplaying in Leavey 424. To a 5 year old, this song was akin to cultural revolution.
I love that these junior high girls are cussing up a storm and pointing and making fun of the ppl around them. #thisisourfuture ??
Just gonna let it flow and ride it with it
& partnering for the #iH3 party!!!!! #sxswi is gonna be great!!!!!!!!
Happy Hour starts at 4pm! 1/2 price sushi & sushi
Homework + no motivation = bad combination
trying a La Sirena robust on the back porch. Very nice stick especially for the money. Have they taken off at all?
I don't like people;
i hope it does
Awesome do you have a directory of guard services you market to
#Walkoff win for the
Happy Fat Tuesday. Our specials tonight: Cajun fried whole chicken breast with bayou beans and rice, jalapeño corn bread and Brussels.
So many crazy things happened today! Too much to even tweet. Is this real life? Am I dreaming?
Any bars/restaurants/retailers in the Baltimore area want to participate in the Mo' Movement next month? DM us! We'd love to have you!
Shout out to for giving Christina some play time... .
that was pretty gross
Shouldn't we expect to be a tiny bit smarter about higher ed?
lmao i think they're excited for the gym class tonight that's y!! But we're ALL ampted for Vegas!!! Woohoo!
I hate people who pretend they are Mahomies! :O
#5bestsmells new car smell, babies always smell good, cookies baking, fresh cut grass and fresh rain
Home bound. Can't wait to see Carlos!!!
I was sort of wondering when someone would make this argument...
Just entered the Start Small, Go Big contest. Hey, you never know.
my son agrees
Newly Added to NYC Printing 123 is Same Day Plastic Business Card Printing. Think out of the box when it comes to business.
One rule to live by is to take local's advice regarding eating & drinking establishments. Hence, 5 of us are lunching at Four's in Boston
I think it's pretty cool 2 live in a city where u can have Sarah Palin pig followed by magic mole
Sir, you are awesome!
Oh, I didn't even think about the DIY option. Dispatch is on the way, though.
The show airs tonight! Unusual...I know! But....you should still watch! :-)
Also huge relief and laughter of recognition at, "there's nothing wrong with you!" That one is a game-changer.
14,738 announced attendance for the first Sunday afternoon game. We'll chalk it up to the Easter holiday..
Hoping I can find some time to slay and/or chase some dragons w/ and later this week.
Its a foolish dog who dark at flying bird-Robert Nester Marley
pretty sure eyebrows r twins my friend. Born same time same time same place same DNA Hahaha.
#amwriting at the library. Why does every library in ATL have at least one loudly buzzing fluorescent light?
#c4l12 - RESTful - Can support both resource- and action-oriented worldviews. Confusing for developers.
50 maybe 60 people trying to incite madness while chanting "peaceful protest".
go gay and you'll be happy forever
#smash is making me way to karoaoke SO FREAKIN BAD.
I make it happen when I know the waist line increases by the day or after seeing @ Robin Roberts with her great body.
yeee buddy!! so excited for 's Ustream! you are so dedicated to your fans! I love you! :)
#MyWeakeness Vision, Ambition & Accomplishments
Programming note: The world-famous, often-imitated, never-duplicated #sbchat will start tonight at 9:30 pm. ET. Get ready for sports biz.
lmao I don't even eat subway :p try again
We all have problems. Just some of them do not advertise
don't talk, frampton is talk-boxing
all we can say is wow!!! Beautiful!
Sister, you are so loved! xx
cant wait for austin on wednesday
Daily quote.. “He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.” – Thomas Jefferson
Already going to conferences, huh? Sweet!
Oh well. Guess CM Punk IS drunk. So much for the alphabet backwards.
Who has th best PIZZA?
Jason McIntyre mock draft is terrible!!!! no way either of the jones go in the 20s!
you're the only one, cause i don't trust these bitches. they might catch me slipping.
love you too darlin! (: thank you very much!
I've contacted customer service multiple times no luck ! My shipment missing half of the items and I was charge full
The Great Commission can only effectively be done through those that are pursuing and practicing the Great Commandment.
Good luck Corey!
Clear pee is good pee, as every singer will say.
Melvin Gordon and Derek Watt were easily the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during Saturdays scrimmage.
im done wit you! you've broken my heart for the last time now brittney smith!!
crayons... all I can say is crayons. There is no rationalization, just crayons. CRAYONS!!! That is all
damn, they really fucked up your morning. Good going McDs!
Thanks for retweeting
Also, very true! RT : And more importantly, they like
I look like a second grade teacher today.
alright cool. Me too:) sorry for missing your calls though,
Go check out our updated facebook page!!!
Every heart sings a song incomplete, until another heart whispers back. -Plato
Comen up to the skoo to get my homework
well I'm going to new jersey, Florida, and San Diego. w
Focus on what is important...
Looking forward to Neil Peart's new book and drumming DVD.
what is the d-word?
Whittling down revolving debt will do a lot more for your credit score than erasing installment loans
aw donna i hope your grandpa gets better <3 love you
Sorry, won't listen to anything #Gergen says on #hcr, he talked over Louise Slaughter on CNN. The POTUS heard Rep Slaughter, he didn't
Who decided what cuss words are cuss words?! From now on, sprinkles means fuck.
Watching THE preacher's Kid..... :D
T-Bone Burnett may be a good musician/producer, but his advice to aspiring artists was as unhealthy as it was senile.
I can't imagine who will not make it into the finals tonight!
I just kind of want to be drunk all of the time
Attracting new business is key.Tomorrow we are talking about how Lobbyists can gain clients....
Don't get your twitter career ended before it begins, oh and by the way
are you indirectly talking about me? (; ahahahah justkidding
Check out my progress report grades I posted on my Instagram (Ritchellemae) it's pretty good lol (;
What the fuck happened to Jake and Ella?!?!
dude what if it was some elaborate plan to kidnap you and sell your organs on the black market!?
I bought one, thanks!
When your place of employment calls your phone do you answer or ignore?
sweet dude. Did you play high school ball at all?
happy bday to you
Why should you delete all your pictures of you with other girls off Facebook?
Hey guise... I fractured wrist during a softball game so I'm out for the rest of the season. :(
ikr its been a while. But I've been good, tryna work on this career of mine. Wanna go back to school.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!',
yeah sweet pic!
hang in there cheering for u :)
I'm in Austin this weekend. Can you recommend any photo ops?
Absolutely! The lottery is a great tool transforming other people's greed into your financial gain! Start one today!
#nowwatching "Weird Science" I hecka love this movie ;)
I want a new phone even tho i havent had this phone that long
hit me up
Hmm.. You know what, I bet you are right!
So proud to be a Hawks fan. Last night's game was inspiring and humbling. No quit in our young men. On to the next round
Like July?
Update: now accepting boyfriend applications. Please include name, age, height, occupation, aspirations and whatever else may help you
Anybody else gettin' into the new Beavis & Butthead episodes? Uh?
occupy lanes : Hey 5 Borough Bikers, its cute you like to ride your ten speeds around but please stay out of the adults' way
perhaps, but that's a slender thread on which to justify an #e20 deployment.
let me know if that works
Hello, world.
I am all about plaid right now.
SHRM.ORG - many e-learning courses for $40 and less per employee
Nope! Wouldn't drop my price. Thought 18.00 for a walkman and some Eddie Rabbit tapes was reasonable
Thought I had a headache from being dehydrated, turns out my ponytail was too tight...
Watching Piers Morgan. Russell brand is such a G!.
the search for a #Harley will start tonight
I send love 2 each of u n hope that ur night is well..Good night and Sweetdreams everyone :)
RT : #coworkingday party at Gasworks is 1 hour away! Heading out from Cap Hill? Meet at 2:30 for carpool w/
Alright alright, for real though... I need to eat better. -.- No more ramen.
"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." ~Doug Ivester via
Thank you! "RT : - I love buying from these guys, and so should you. <3"
from you're gay for not tagging Jordan
Thanks for the follow. Enjoy your posts and your wines. Hopefully last few weeks of rain topped up the h2o table. Cheers!
It's so hot in my room,I want to get naked D;
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger. Proverbs 15:1 Feel free to...
What's your plan for Black Friday? Let us Gals know!
That frightening moment when you realize you have to somehow locate a cocktail dress in Santiago........
Revamping the Facebook, make sure to check them out!
Went to Milwaukee Public Museum couple weeks ago. They have cases to show how nat history has been displayed in past. Very cool!
That Black OPS comertial is SCARING ME...
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic "TROUBLE IN PANTS"! "Uno, dos, here we go!"
hey terry, we just posted a reply. thanks for the heads-up!
My mentions are dead someone tweet me!!!!! Tweet tweet tweet!! Plzzz
Homophobia is so gay.
greatest idea ever. I plan my naps around those movies.
You've got a way with words, you got me smiling even when it hurts
....I'm hoping she had to ask that for the nurses sake..... just kind of felt icky about it
You know you're really in love when you smile at every message he sends you. This is how I feel about him Brandon):
#ala11 presenters should add their materials directly to their sessions in the Scheduler. We're retiring the wiki
LMFAOOOOOOOOO! OF COURSE DID HE SAY ANYTHING BACK?
If you can't find your favorite show on MPTV 10, try checking out 36. We've moved some viewer favorites there during the GREAT TV AUCTION.
Just go have fun
Cool show in Montreal tonight. Some great local players! One more tomorrow then back home Sunday.
Having an amazing week! Two great broker events and Park, OC tomorrow mrng, & a resident dinner tmrw Park!
Sometimes I wonder.... Sometimes I know... Sometimes.
At this point, #gospursgo are still the only Western Conference team to have clinched a playoff spot. Nice win in Houston to get win
I'm having second thoughts about my decision <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I might cry.
yeah she's Mexican
Omfg. Shut up you bully people all the time. You're no better than anyone else.
RT : SAG-AFTRA Co-NED David P. White: "We have always had and will always will have a robust democracy."
Titti boi got his name cause he was breast fed up until he was 17 1/2 lol
The truth is I don't stand a chance, it's something that you're born into and I just don't belong.
you are welcome since i handed this game to you by benching Big Ben
lol right on ;)
Know what your audience wants
I find tattoos extremely attractive.
Hey, happy May Day!
Having brunch at Big Jones tomorrow. Anyone been? Suggestions?
I wonder if music isn't more social when you're younger. More about trying to fit in and identify.
Best of luck to you David!! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
Loving these Memphis unis
if i remember correctly, i paid around $300 for a ticket to see him at the Bowery Ballroom in NYC which is TINY! so amazing
you got it man!
It's funny how adding extra x's to words containing an x make it so much more sexual like fox or tax
Bless your heart. Xo
Just got out from work , tierd as hell nd non to do for tonight, wats up wit that!
go look at the
Smak Tak is awesome. Killer perogi, white borscht, and hungarian pancake (potato pancake folded over goulash w/ sour cream)
this is dope. he looks so happy.
Woohoo! James harden!
Fuck, I wish I could sing like my dad. :(
My grand son scratched my table is there anyone can fix this at my home? My dog like chewing my furniture legs!
I love giraffes <U+E056><U+E328>
I can name 30 people mentioned in D Row. here goes:
no. Southampton have to beat Reading because of the goal difference.
Thanks man! Waiting for to get on it...
Any educators using opensource OS or apps in school?
The power of yellow paint! (I worked in elect. store in '84. Ppl paid extra for yellow, believing they were tougher).
Check out today's blog post about the Austin Bar Association!
The simplest ideas are the best ones.
Of course!! What size? We will find you tomorrow.
Ah, okay. It doesn't seem like a big deal, unless you have long hair. ; ) Sending good vibes either way - long or short.
ACLS Annual Meeting starts tomorrow in Philly. Follow #ACLS2012 for updates.
[ ]Single [ ]Taken [<U+2714>] I'm in love with myself
respect, bless.
-GOODMORNING EVERYONE=)! Im Thankinq My Father Above For Allowing The Movements Of My Son To Wake Me Up This Morning! #BLESSED&'ndGRATEFUL!
Playing poker in their Quonset hut on Tinian, killing the last hours of the preatomic age - Peter Goldman
ohmygod just go away
The best way to figure a woman out is to simply listen to her - Steve Dorsey
OMG. You got a respond from that would make my life! Your so lucky :/
my check list: crack Jay up *check* xD
that's a good defn of job market as well...
Well, shit. This was an even matchup. Won't be with Gordon out. Very very bad for the Lobos.
Wall St gains on earnings, economy; Egypt fears ease
Oh you spend your entire day smoking weed? Oh man you must be real fucking cool.
It's ok, I said it for you. Papa John's Pizza,
the days of kickball on mission hill to 10k followers!
s/o to my new follower she cute
Reading with a headache sucks.
Hi. I am honored that you would like to read my novel. Please provide either Kindle address or email address and I'll send.
Let's hope you changed SOME things!
In case you missed it, not a banner night for Nunez. MT : Matusz had thrown six straight balls. Nunez pops up next pitch.
My car smelled like smoke this morning. I saw that stray cat hanging around it. Man they can pick up bad habits.
a big congrats. WOW!
You have a batter chance of scratchin a bobcats ass and not gettin' bit.- cody southern nights
Looks like the Amazing Acro-Cats have sold out their final two performances!!
Actually Yah... That's Probably True!(X Lol SO!? Weird Is Cool :3
Good morning Twitterverse. The weekend is finally here. Hope all had a great week full of God's blessings.
Awesome, how are you?
“: Met my goal a week & 4 days ahead of schedule! 22 lbs since starting bootcamp" #PrideConditioning get results!!!
hey Chris thanks for follow, which way to go? I say whichever makes your life better.
Aw, adorable!
your welcome lol
Is every song the boyz danced to gonna be played
i cant wait until tomorrow!!!! im going to 's show!!!! please support ... shes a down-to-earth girl <3 i love u
I think the 50 Shades of Grey book is making me aggressive.
Great news, good story for soccer (and its fan) RT "Fabrice Muamba takes the field at the Reebok to a thunderous ovation."
Woke up sick, I called it!
great episode tonight! Loving the story and can't wait for more!
Great defense by Bledsoe. Was hoping he'd bother Parker. (Don't want to go to twitter jail, who are these announcers?)
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.”
whats your favourite?? im still eating them even though they are warm and soft ;) xx
do they know i can get all there text? and urs? i know she never said anything so who did?
Currents in Electronic Literacy is still soliciting submissions for the 2011 issue. The due date for submissions is February 10th, 2011.
lol porno stars are quick W/ dat block button..they try to be regular on twitter *SMH* hoes
Off to the #cajundanceparty concert. I should have worn something warmer.
Greetings Twitter Family! It's been a while, hope everyone is having a spectacular day
oops! Should have read comments before replying.
hey now
PTAs? ;) dunno. apple edu foundation for such things would be nice.
RT if you are drinking caffeine as you read this --- what's in your cup today?
Getting closer to #CoolCreekConcerts at Can't wait to C the
Im so happy lil boosie was found not guilty
Seriously there's nothing to do at work tonight, and I'm alone ..... fuck
Hope you still enjoyed it!
I'm calling the Thunder-Grizzlies series the best of the second round...any complaints??
you make me smile girl
That's some butler bullshit
GIRLS: Is it just more, or when your bf always talks about having sex, does it make you not want to have it as much? or am I just an idiot.
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it
I'm thinking American flag overall-cut-offs this year, thoughts?
For #Intel's , if issue on Twitter for a few hours, no crisis. If on Twitter 24h+, what's your crisis comm plan?
no ur mom
Like it! RT Goal #5 for today: Use 'game changer' in a story or headline. #WeAllNeed goals
Oh god... What did I do..
yup. Hit me in inbox
TONIGHT!! Open Bar 6-9pm! Rock out to the ! At the newest hotspot
rum diaries requires a bottle of rum on the side. One shot for every 5 mins :)
RT : yea great convio w about the DCcodeathon - I hadn't thought of govt internal usage of until Tcamp2010
everyone saw Ariana Grande's new music video Put Your Hearts Up right? You didn't? Check it out!
No. You can't market your small business like a Fortune 500 company. I'm sorry.
Im kicking the cold turkey.....
guess were drinking tonight
Just not our week for cars. Ticket for parking "over the lines" on a spot. Looked "on" the line. So much for saving $ at authentic Mex mrkt.
its still boring down there
Getting ready then out.. Who would think?
I'm just enjoying the scenery - Storm Darrow
I don't ever want to play the 'mean girl' games with people. I want to be the kind of lady that brings people together.
A big Hello & Thank you from the "Boys". Share the Biscuits!
RT If anyone else wants a shout out just RT this.
Nice to live in a state with bright colors all the way down.
my hair hurts
NIGHT ALL
what are you talking about??i never give your number out....
got it. for some reason, I thought it was WP. Nice, clean layout. :)
Zaxbys for lunch
Awkward moment when no ones bee on this for like ever.
Hey I just caught up on your blog and thought you Sarah Palin blog was fair and unique, yes i agree, enough about the BC
“: Just printed 31 pages for a teacher "doesn't like to waste paper"”LMFAO come over today!
My husband lets me have all the craft supplies (whatever) I can hide!
Aw shucks lady! Thanks for the props. Can't wait to hang out more.
Cause you gota past &I do too, we're perfect for each other
Volunteers Desperately Needed - Sat., May 12th! 100 needed at post offices in shifts (2 p-8p). Tweet us your email and we'll contact you.
Photo Exam is almost done thank God cant wait til Wednesday
#NP Velvet Revolver : Slither. is wailing.
aw, thanks for checking out my blog! =)
iphonic & One Days Notice tomorrow night at the Grog Shop!!!
New favorite bumper sticker 'Anybody but Bobby'.
and #Gaylord announced new water and snow theme park in
PULL TABS.
Finally made up my mind and just ordered my new running shoes.
the walking dead drinking game = sips per zombie & shots for each time the characters look at each other sadly without speaking.
Ever have a moment when you realize you're the smartest person in the room? Today, that is not me.
what's up?
FF my coo peeps
Maybe the first time that pregnancy #insomnia has served me well... it's SNOWING! All the news crews are all celebrating their predictions.
Don't think I disagree with you - as long as there's a back-up plan in place. Agree?
RT : Wines inspired by the spirit of rock 'n roll - pretty cool concept by and reasonably priced....
your Cubs fan pain + my Indians = we need a Cubs / Indians World Series
Those who talk about it... Aren't doing it! #whoUfoolin?
You guys are draining me right now lol
Scott and I will make you a gift. We'll need some paper, macaroni and sparkles. ;)
When things arent the same with someone:/
This lunch line is to long #hungry #pissed with
aw bout time lol
Left work, saw the sun. Phew.
I hate my hair.
Q: How many Virgos does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Approximately 1.000000 with an error of +/- 1 millionth.
Happy Birthday Keith Haring #GoogleDoodle - love it!
you are my favorite porn star ever!!!
RIght call by Tomlin going on 4th there.
awh! I love you!
get working lol
thanks Chad!!! I'm super stoked to finally have the new site/home for my tees. Even more stoked that the release isnt over yet...
I ask you a question I already know the answer to just to see if you'll lie to me.
TY! Need Nice GF recipes! : I do have more, will have to look for them and then send you the links! X
thanks, I'll drop you a note!
Crazy busy day at work & run to a figment meeting w no time for dinner. But the pizza guy made me laugh. I heart the Lower East Side - 4 ...
We're glad you were able to stop by! Looking forward to what the future will bring!
Lately ive just been in the greatest mood(:
This is...interesting...
Just touched down in Hartford. Nothing but bad memories of this place from my time in the BE. Good thing we're leaving it immediately.
Who do y'all want to win the #SuperBowl? #Giants or #Patriots?
omg realyy?? ahh i wanna hear it!
thank you! We think so too ;)
Will the interview be posted on your site for fans all over the world? Thanks
Can't make some one talk to u
lol it was everyone's idea but you're welcome :)
oh yeah? I heard he has a really hot girlfriend ;)
Keep your words short and sweet, because you never know which ones you will have to eat. lol
Strawberry waffles. >>>>
Im running low on cash cigarettes and patience. I propose a house party tour... Any takers?
Spring semester ends today. Wrapping up my 18th year of #teaching, high school & higher ed combined. Love it more than ever.
I believe in giving 2nd chances. You got me fucked up with that 3rd, 4th, 5th shit you be wanting. Psh.!
Why is Dirk so well protected? Everytime he gets into a scuffle, he has secret service protection the rest of the night.
Some girls should NOT be wearing leggings....
Yes, yes it does. I was doing a webinar when I posted that :)
I'm suppressing rage & enjoying the view of this deer's ass.
what's good with the Format? Never heard of em. Will get that next.
What did the Ocean say to the other Ocean?...Nothing they just Waved...Did you Sea what I did there?...I'm Shore you did, Beach
gosh darn sarcasm font. Never registers. Although you did defend artest after his elbow.
Thanks, I loved the article too! =)
#DailyQuote: "Love the animals: God has given them the rudiments of thought and joy untroubled." - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Let me find out, let me, let me find out...
you think you can send me that verse tomorrow?
Sales & construction join the tablet revolution: SalesBuilder Mobile, FieldConnect Mobile, SalesTouch Mobile - iOS and Android!
Thanks! (Will you be there this year?)
Feeling grateful to for finding us a lovely new home in the UK. Blue Sky Resumes is going global!
Only for you. Que paso
i've never seen it!
cant get to sleep or choose not to sleep?
People have been calling me "Ran" or "Ran Ran"...who is that?! I guess it's cute lol!!
those eyes melt me! so darn cute! totally reminds me of tyson. when are you guys getting a pup? <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
*Cyber High Fives Back* MOON POWAH!
I'll be there later. Save me one!
RT : When people compare 87 and 71 -- long term -- factor in that 87 very rarely has these WAY DOWN games like 71 having.
NBC and The CW are bringing back too many low-rated series next season
"you were born an original; don't die a copy." ^one of my favorite quotes. <3
NBC Sports' #KentuckyDerby coverage would make a great boyfriend. It takes a two minute event and stretches it out for hours.
Spring is here early and so are the flowers. Stroll through Garfield Park to see all the beautiful tulips and flowering trees!
So rented us a car that was missing a battery cap. Guess I'll have to start checking that on rental cars from now on.
Hang out on a rooftop and enjoy the weather. #skejidea Any suggestions for Happy Hour?
SO excited that is hosting X-Factor USA.
Today is all about fireballs. :-)
Nice move by , along with and Jon McGlocklin, for interviewing the kid who just won $10,000 at the game.
that sounds about right. We've gone totally sodistic on a half dozen shows now.
Then I'm on to the next 'cause one is not enough, no one is not enough. But if she gon' bring a friend I know it's finna' get rough.
Happy to announce the and partnership today! Inspiration sharing between interiors and automotive!
Stoked for SEA RT A LOT of energy pre NYC premiere
With Terrell Suggs probably out for next season, Courtney Upshaw's learning curve just got a bit steeper.
Orlando Florida! : )
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
And now its settling in....
Will you be there for a few minutes? Would love to say hello and show you a project I'm working on.
i aint got nothing to do with these niggas
Hi patch
smh and Friday
Someone got her mojo back in class,Neuro ZUMBA, NEURO Electric slide, 90 and with cane.
#TwSIG Americans love Twitter. Even if they don't use it, they see reports in the news. Some there is awareness.
what does that even mean?
Thanks!! It's Wordpress, actually. Nothing as complicated as Drupal!
That girl's alarm is always going off at 9!
Are you an Independent looking to increase your fanbase? Musicalstop.com
Big EVERYTHING, . Who you think you're talkin' to? ;-)
off to the studio WITHOUT cody... ugh, i miss him ):
That Carmel game still eats at me smh
that picture of you is hot like omg!!!!:):):)
Heading back to the cracked.com humor panel. Hope I didn't miss much!
RIP Michael Jackson
Reed Exhibitions Greater China will focus on talent development as a key strategy in 2012 to continue the company’s growth in China.
Yo request me at a friend on myspace and I will check you out fam
congrats! nice piano BTW. Teaching is like selling, Enthusiasm is key, especially in your first year! & we can tell you have it!
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay I'll call you back.....but yo punk ass never had intentions on calling...
But it's more 4 people like my mom who write private stuff on public fb walls, etc
I wanna go to the Pacers game tomorrow.... :p
I love convos with someone and you can talk about anything. Lol Great way to end this day! #Latenight Convos <3
Often critics reveal more about themselves & their fundamental ignorance than presenting a sound, indisputable analysis!
d Jayuya,, Puerto Rico y tu
Thank you, sweet lady working at VS, for depressing me by asking if I'm going to be a bride soon. Appreciate it.
Fake Louis bag..
im not doing anything until ive had a tuna fish sandwich
----Shout out! Great!
S/O to for always getting me in trouble 8th grade w- Carter's weird ass
I think most news seems that way. And often the teasers are longer than the pieces they're promoting.
Great pick! Phenomenal performance!
Blossoming Lotus shout out to the entire PDX Vegan Community~Here is to a rocking 2011 together~Filled with Fun, Surprises and NEW Creations
Me too! It would be so much fun!!
Lol hell yea.
Smoking <<< grow up.
do you ever write about non-UK related NBA stories or do you just do negative UK stuff to piss us all off and hate on Cal?
i hate him so much. he's a bad writer with nothing interesting to say, ever.
oh yeah!! haha! love him..
sleepy eyes. I've given in. goodnite T. be good to each other. <333
a river? I thought it looked like a road :)
everythings always the guys fault
Imma see if i can still go tomorrow :o
what you know about dat
Was too scared to take a shower because of the picc line, so washed my hair. He really is the best.
Thankfully I'm not your father.
because a friend had no one else to go with an I am a good time. Better than the gym and grocery store!
Finished up in Detroit now on to san Diego !
Thank god for my wonderful husband who's taking care of our 1/2 acre grassy sprawl! I enjoy our beautiful yard, but it's too much work!
it was up Lizzie and ravens vagina
Anita Hill still looking to make a difference
Great job! Keep it up and thanks for sharing....we love when fans post songs!
DO NOT FORGET TO VOTE! VOTE! this Tuesday! Do your research, understand what they stand for and VOTE! Many judges are up for re-election!
I'll give you a shot out in the blog.
People gonna talk weather your doin bad or good
Sleep. Who needs it?
RT : Study Finds Early Childhood Educators Can Effectively Screen Students For Autism In Underserved Communities -...
#NP - Come on a Cone by This song is ON POINT!!!!!!
if you got eyes look at me now bitch.
Hahaha -- so sorry. Of course, I can laugh NOW! I have three daughters to envision this scenario.
Don't 4get 2 talk about the total lack of respect Rs currently show the POTUS; publicly rooting 4 his failure.
:D how are you??
Great week Bonamour! Congrats to Dakota Rea's team in Dallas, 24 appointments set with new team prospects, nice work!
Give credit where the credit is due ... Hats off 2 your parents ;)
omg id be ballheaded! hum maybe two-toned!
“: 3 of 4 winning teams at #pdxsw were run by women.”
New NFL attire by Nike >
"Obstacals are those frightful things u see when u take ur eyes off ur goals" so stay focus!!
Thanks for the follow <3!
It's a beautiful drive but it is very long!
The older I get, the faster it seemed candles burn.
aw you guys can join our fam! C: there's plenty of room
i believe this. i see this with women in my family. so sad. they sell out for money like "real housewives" shows gals
You are so kind David, thank you! <3
I admit to disagreeing with your viewpoint on many things, but this is an excellent post. Thx for sharing your thoughts!
No sticks no seeds.
We are working on a new album!!! Shows coming up soon!
send your fans some pics
If you are looking for good deals on digitizing, email: $15 for all Left Chest and Cap logos with in 5inches width
I'm living like there's no tomorrow, because there isn't one.
Part of teaching tech is allowing time to play with tech.
Sniffle nose, mouth breather, finger snapper sitting directly behind me in the library
I like him he's a physical corner
My youngest sister is graduating... I feel like an old man.
Ever notice Mother's Day Cards are WAY more expensive than other holiday cards and Father's Day Cards are buy one get one free?
After unpacking from a move with Baby N attached to me the whole time, my back and neck are killing me. I need an carrier STAT!!!!
well thanks but shout it out...tell ALL of Decatur to listen to it...tell the teacher to play it in class
I can confirm that rubs a mean pig and puts seakittens in their place (on the grill).
Listening to Parachute - got me hooked.
Haha, it is;)
Currently reviewing the #Zammuto album.
Write them down. You may want them later.
I did 'Absolutego' the other day. Just building up my stamina for an all-day marathon, switching tween that and 'Leng T'che'.
We added some new stores yesterday: Esprit (up to 9% cash back), SkinStore (up to 6% cash back), and SmileMakers (up to 6% cash back)!
Portland based Forkfly seeking an experienced iPhone developer. Pref full time. Send resume: joe.lepis(at)forkfly.com Plz RT
thanks for the dirty talk library i now have new text msg tones youre awesome
Budgets shaping libraries and libraries shaping budgets. Demands for accountability growing
shit on roosevelt and western you?
Moving into our new offices downtown... excitement abounds!!
bunk beds
oh my I hate when that happens.
Did you know: Apples are more effective at waking you up than coffee...
oh, my. the new Decemberists album.
You will be happy to know that has successfully procured a date for the show tonight.
#acm best song of the year is the house that built me miranda lambert
Can't wait for a Mike & Mike bullpen with and
Wow - a play change at the line and than an actual down field read.
to be honest I thought u were Khlia my bad. I didn't know u liked them guess u don't want to know what I think of them
I'm fat and I'm on my way to #fridaycoffeeclub!
You? Think how I feel!
poor sport? poor sport? for exercising my #Freedoms in #America? you
think the ladies put this one away! Great game LaDyCuSe!
Nice! Gotta do whatcha gotta do. #makingdreamshappen :)
Off to watch more #gameofthrones. Who will die, who will get laid, and who will be added to my "that character must die!" list tonight?
if vinny isn't on my tv screen wednesday night with the boyz ima cry. <U+E413>
some guy on the internt told me to stop taking lsd dzhlsagsgggshs
Bout to start putting the story board together for our next video shoot!! Yeah buddy!!
Hey Ari!!! This is soo weird I feel like I'm talking to myself
#miriEisen is awesome! I want to be on the N.Dade board!
Sat sept 24.. My bday party going down inside the place call club 241..4637 white plains rd.,bx n.y. music by dj Frass Vybes and dj Coby. ..
I Love Y'all Man !! Y'all make ma world complete ! keep doing your thing and i'll always be here to love & Support :D #1<3
oh lord so much spanish vocab to learn :O
Thanks for this grt tip. One cup of blueberry juice daily can reduce blood sugar by 10 percent in just three weeks.
- must not be watching same TV channels, reading same mags, etc. But I admit, I have about 2 hours to spare due to LM...
thoughts on CU uniforms?
Britney Spears? WTF? Adam..... For real, boo?
I don't understand how the Jurassic Park ride is your favorite
Ambien gives some ppl hallucinations.
lol love how I call you and you're with freaking girls. i want to give up on you so bad.
freak my shit
what happened?
down to the last two... don't think i didn't catch your reverse jinx vote !
life changes people. Some for the better, others for the worse. So thats all good
back to school tomorrow :/ :(
It's nice to see the season ticket fan base get rewarded for their support of this team. Proud to have made a small difference.
Um hello? Island? Shoes?
LaHinas in PB, The Black Pearl in PB, Beachwoods in PB is way to pricey and has shitty service
HELLO, FROM MASSACHUSETTS!
Heisenberg needed a new language to discuss quantum mechanics. Art became an impt part of that language
Thank you.
Do society a favor and act like you've been to a fast food restaurant before.
RT “ Need to get a girl and leave these chicks alone.”
I concur. RT Joking would be a lot easier if everyone had exactly the same frame of reference as I do!
got my ears pierced..again. my ears are hot. literally.
Yes Sir, my mans drop the new single Head AZZ on radio last nite... Thanks bro
hello this is my poor attempt to get you to notice lil oll mee. And maybe reply back. REPLY BACK MOTHER FUCKER. please. :)
Thanks for the RT about #WineRiot! Will we be seeing you there this wknd?
hahahaha oh goodness ...
I love long talks with Even if it is 2:15. I am so grateful.
Protestors attacked in Boston & now Seattle! #Occupyburque #Occupyboston #Occupyseattle This is NOT democracy!
Shopping With My Dad Is The Best<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> #SpoiledBrat <U+270C>
Buyers Need Negotiation Believe it or not, even in a roller coaster economy and buyer’s market, buyers still expect you to negotiate when
This class is such a joke
Go Ireland! Score is 24 to 8 right now! Kicking England's butt! These Irish lads can run!
Cody Johnson is a beast. That is all.
We Walked To Glemont Knowing Its Already Hot.
Just had a throwdown with a tangelo. The tangelo won.
So... Just started 1st weekend viewing of #titanic ...
I agree. I would def want to be there physically the whole time. video doesnt replace human affection.
Oh, man! Take care.
got that order Mel
I am creating a new blog, planning a tweetup and staring outside at the sunshine, wishing I was out playing in it! Come visit!
is grateful and looking forward to the future!
At Colorado Academy-Heritage boys lacrosse. First round of the playoffs.
Home from a great workshop with CD Eric Soliere. Nice to be in a room full of strong actors demonstrating their craft.
what's the deal with the 4 wheelers flying in and out of traffic on N Broad #keepingphillyfromrising kind of like Mad Max!
Late Night Happy Hour Tonight from 11pm-2am...stop by tonight!
you lucky ducky! I'm so jealous right now...grrr... :)
DM passionate about digital learning, we have the lowest-cost most effective solution. To help in your state who do we talk to?
National championship game! Let's go Kentucky
Good morning! I'm donating blood today. I want coffee!!!!!
I would've JUST cleaned out my water dragon's water dish & BAM, poos in it 1 min later. Without fail!
Finals week... blech
i just saw a hobo.
me too but been wishing I was at the gym or something haha.
Just went for a run & I don't think there's any feeling like the one after a good cardio session.
That is most fortunate, Hillary
Andy makes a nice manhattan.
I'd say Bacon, but I think anything Chinese is more likely
Parents, tell your children to study communicative disorders and sciences in college! #SLPeeps Speech Language Pathologists are in need!!
Glad to be back, too!
Happy Birthday Mang! I hope you are giving him his necessary spankings tonight!
I wanna see that too
Kevin,tell me why I just left your ass at the Movies,come home turn the t.v on & there u r again on BOUNCE T.V
So you like dating athletes and making sex tapes
We've come to the point where either I shave my head or try bangs again. Both could be minor disasters.
Fingers crossed for Portland! RT : portland or albacrackie are the west locations.
Liam liked Danielle since the day he saw her, but didn't say anything because he was scared she didn't like him
Headed out to see the tonight? Pop into the team store - It's Friends of Trees month! Watch your donation grow!!!
I spell success the same way as everyone else...one letter at a time.
Experience is by industry achieved And perfected by the swift course of time. - William Shakespeare
Sure! Nice tips!
Uncensored and no fucks given
oh thats right, so ive lost all my help....unless i bring the tv in the kitchen haha
"The #Titanic (1912-2012): Remembering the Era, the Music, and the Musicians" today at 2:30pm, performed by members of the MET Opera...
I think I'd actually be extra super impressed if it WAS a metal fork.
RIGHT?!?! Their stories make you want to slowly kill yourself, like Stfu and be happy! #dumbbitches!!
Listening To #Pandora And Have My Favorite Station, And My Favorite Song #DontCryYourHeartOut Comes On. I Start Singing+Dancing!
What are the chances of yer crush who just happened to be n improv show this eve sittin across yer table
Just added our other two songs on Reverbnation!! Sorry for the crap quality but we had to convert because the file size was way too big!...
Still looking for Outlook trainer? might be interested. Need more info!
Children living with single parents may be at higher risk of experiencing physical and sexual abuse and neglect that two parent families
Welcome to the Titans!
not laughing at all - it sounds a bit heartbreaking
You still have time to get tickets for tomorrow for The Great match in #nyc. Enjoy the best #spanish wine and #tapas: www.greatmatch.org
The MET&#39;s sprawling &#39;Pride and Prejudice&#39; held together by strong performances
lolololol so true
This afternoon's #tea of choice is the wonderfully-named 'White Monkey'.
or comparing
10% of #winesisterhood are misters. :D
Tobe - You can't motivate anyone - Everyone is motivated for their reasons, not yours
I'm so sorry that I missed out on the rest of this convo. I must admit, I am both silly and voracious.
. Thanks for all the RTs!
Hey girl, I want you to plant your tulips on my organ.
RT : Especially in this series vs. Roy Hibbert, Heat's most irreplaceable player is Chris Bosh. Awaiting word on status.
I was sick yesterday I wet home early.
#happymothersday to the most awesome wife and mother ever i <U+2764>u
Frosted Flakes!
Rawktoberfest 2011. Tonight at Café Bourbon Street see you there.
if u got dreads take care of em...cuz dis nigga hair smell like gym class wtf sahn
SAY MY DAWG U GOT ANY TRAKS FOR ME I GOT U ON SUM SHIT LET ME KNOW HIT ME UP
It is nice to know I've developed reflexes + a louder voice in NYC. Thanks for listening + your good wishes/concern.
. my dad is having heart surgery this week so i might not be around for a few days but ill tyre to make most classes
Effing great Q&A at CU with As usual, I managed to ask meandering "question" for about 120 seconds. Yr welcome, academia.
can't wait for San Diego!!! 24 hours!
We will! RT : Tomorrow is the with in #Miami at Tropical Park! Who will be there?
I went there before!! OMG :o I feel cool :)
What type of retail would U like to see downtown? Remember, our recruiter doesn't scout nationals or chains.
Rockin out to the oldies on the way to Syracuse for the concert tomorrow with and their dad
hahahaa. just did :P but how do u know?
My 6yo just explained a playground game where kids go from Baby to Vegetable or Ketchup to Master based on achievements. Recess Gamified!
Bad bad bad night
A decision has been made. Nothing tastes good the day after burning your mouth with hot coffee.
Well there's safety in numbers, right?
Good morning Andy, I hope you have a wonderful and safe day. :)
I know, right?
#NeverShouldYouEver talk shxt to someone who fixes your food at a fast food place !!!!
I change my hair color a lot...but all my photos are me...you can even ask or ...I am real.
Writing new and faster music for you all! Get stoked!
Translation comes to my Facebook! Not only can I read my wall again, I can keep up with my Swedish/Hyper Island/non-english posting friends!
RT Check out 's booth at the Dairy State Beer & Cheese Festival! - very exited to be there!
Agreed! The book certainly didn't sugar coat his personality.
I wish more soccer games were like this one...very entertaining
I frigin hate this!!..
Full season maybe Schneids, but one big game, gotta have Muse RT : as a BC fan, no chance u take muse over schneider?
oh nvm. Send me his fb link lol cause they tell me I look like Uriel from the soccer team?
Groovy teachers - you can set achievable goals for your students and monitor their progress. Get engaged using I am INC! www.IamINC.biz
Dr. Suess predicted the K!!!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 38
Portia! Love the polish and thanks for being such a class act during your visit. Mpls loves you! Safe travels.
something wrong with fez one not working, barcode one already redeemed :[
I hope most men said undershirt. When you see the outline of a man's nipples...that is not sexy.
I'm not in the mood for anything right now. I'm not mad or anything, i just really don't want to do anything.
They only have child sized 3D glasses left. There's no way my manly jowls will let this be comfortable.
Great meeting you ! Enjoying seeing how you're using social media in your practice.
Watching #OnceUponATime on ABC. I love how these fairy tales are getting interwoven into a single "universe".
i think cubby just crawled into my recliner. with me in it!
how can I get that first job at She's the First? I WOULD LOVE IT!
Holiday trains are totally gross. People still work today!!
it can't be that wrong... if there is a part of you that think it's right...
if followed me I would do the douggie and call everyone on my contact list even old ppl
Today's special at S.S is the Dockworker! A burger with piled on fries, coleslaw, and melty provolone for $8.75!
happy birthday!
All week long thru Sat, May 12th, you can workout for FREE! It's "Bring a Friend Week" at Wild Workouts! Call for class times! 414-364-0181!
I tripped over my dads cat and hurt my ankle and back.
so much fun to watch - what a great group of athletes
you tryna grab a blast?
Angry much?
Who thinks I'm weird!?
Riches won't help on the day of judgement, but right living can save you from death. Proverbs 11:4
Eric Dolphy once said of #kennygjazzfacts, "once it's over, it's gone in the air. You can never capture it again. Time to shed 'Songbird.'"
Another interview :) wish me luck!!
I gave my heart to rock n roll
VERY frustrated this morning. ALL of my sites w are unaccessible to anyone w - somebody better get their shit together.
no problem :)
New Twitter Name !
Do I actually get to take tomorrow off? My first day away from the theatre in a while. Rehearsals went great. Actors are well cast.
*awful? You've been watching too many Revlon commercials or believing the lies about looking better from Cosmo!
'Tis better to be followed and unfollowed than never to be followed at all.
For Big-50, hubs got me 6" heel 4" platform thigh-hi Stripper Boots. EVERYONE should have a pair!
To Justin timber lake had he beat night. He with Jessica biel and he gave Kobe hi five
RT : Interesting few days travelling through Ethiopia with Bob Geldof. Results on News at Ten this week
House is rocking so hard bottles of fell off the shelves!
“: After hearing all the stories im really embarrassed for myself :/”You and me both :/
thanks to everyone for the kind retweets of my contents =) You are all amazing!
Shmoozing like a champ!
How was your Mother's Day?
today... a B-. Filled needs but seemed to reached a lot. Best to grade drafts a few years down the line I know.
umm dont think the govt should be spending tax $ on *frivolous* commodities for the irrational masses.
is it really necessary to go through this again? just because I tweet something, it doesn't mean it's about you...
School is lame.People suck.I need boiled water for my lunch.Yhep it's a Monday.Love my boy.Get to juggle. Yhep it's a Monday.
FULLMETAL WAS DOPE NOW DURARARA!! IS ON #OTAKU TUNE IN
The Seattle Seahawks just picked OLB Bruce Irvin out of West Virginia with the 15th overall selection in the NFL Draft.
I wanna play the New Zelda : /
i agree.. if SM outcomes were measurable, someone would be making a lot more $$ right now
the match. It'll be interesting to see how it comes off on DVD.
No I did not just fall asleep after drinking a cup off coffee and wake up confused.
I want a pet Polar Bear
Wow, John Avalon's got his politics RIGHT ON! Independents are the future of America, and it's time we TAKE OVER THE BROKEN SHOW!
Thanks for joining my Diva Movement... im following back...you up for some networkin???
I miss you like a retard misses the pointt
I try to come up with the best things to say to and for them to follow but it never works
T1 - It's so hard to predict these things, but I think the endorsement by the AHA is encouraging.
I've been a sub lately; haven't had a successful fake rule sold to me yet; some aren't so smart, but others are savvy
RT : To be a champion, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will. - Sugar Ray Robinson -
Geez hurry up!!!
Yup. Passed up to wade on the penultimate shot. Then last play was drawn up for Chalmers to take a 3 for the tie. BOSH!!!
My aunt gave me all these books to read and they've got a fair amount of like sex scenes in and I feel pretty awkward reading them now
Serz! NC is so backwards! RT : NC gays move to Iowa where you are full citizens. Casting Real Housewives of Dubuque now...
Justin Biebereaking Benjamin
I dont have any Toms but I have glitter converse but Ima wear nice shoes lol
Jimmy Shoes messed with the wrong guy. And girl.
Hi, Lana. I'm sending out invites for the next meetup. If interested, please send your email address!
Please help. Do I start a hot Damian Williams over DeSean Jackson?
Let's tcob tonight bucks. No more sloppiness.
Let's do it!
Truer words have never been spoken RT Loving Hall & Oates means never having to say you're sorry.
Showing my friend Mitch my #cheerlights and we want them red
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans My wife Ann has bigger balls than I do
Enjoy your 420!
RT if you've been a fan of since the beginning. :)
Just started my blog at trainerd.blogspot.com. Check it out. Still a work in progress.
Monday has been good to me, with a new Mac Book Pro. I am getting it all dialed in.
At 2011 regional US Forum Microsoft. Looking forward to keynote
Doctor's appointment at 9 a.m tomorrow. SO NOT looking forward to it. :(
I don't know whether to congratulate you or sympathize.
Still in the gym !
SO... Sweet sixteen party for Poppet this weekend. No creepy creations this weekend either, it seems. My head will burst w all the ideas!!!
Happy birthday to #edchat, a Tuesday Twitter tradition that is two years old this week! If you're new to #edchat, start here:...
LamLam is the best he a real bad ass man :) where you at Lam :) ?
Thank you, Matt.
Best I ever had <3
The Christmas Blessing airs tonight at 6 EST on Lifetime. A man struggles with his purpose & finds the answer through a little boy.
the real question is, who will use them first? haha
I just really love dogs okay
Blackhawks just gave me a reason to stay up later.
Hearing on the radio makes me happy :)))
Police escort to stadium. Pretty cool!
does playtone have a director in mind for AMERICAN TABLOID?
1,434,540 total records so far in the American Archive Inventory Project. Here comes 1.5 million!
Don't forget my answer- Paul Ryan 4 his budget, bravery 4 taking on entitlements; & standing strong wen hit by fellow Rs like Newt
A hybrid is a perfect car to do a drive by in haha
IT'S TUESDAY! TIME TO GRAB LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE!(11am-3pm) As usual... AWESOME FOOD & DRINK SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!
great mission and execution on #squirrels4good. super-bravo.
get to see la familia later today :) happy 2nd bday to my little cusin Guero !
December Special: Buy a Galaxy Ballast + a SunSystems Reflector (min $100) & we'll give u $75 towards a new Lamp! In-store only.
Don't feed me scraps that's not cool-I want to go to doggie school!
I like what ya doing bro. Tasha let me check ya out. It's like we both embracing the old school. Keep it up
OK, we're back... lots of great #SOT info this morning so here we go...
Yes! It was a blast.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 6
Woohoooo !! we shall be the only Mexicans there! cant wait:)
#ThingsPGKidsSay swag man Joe? That nigga wit the nubby fingers that looks like master splinter?
policy sounds familiar vaguely. Still I have sat thru many hour plus comment period so 12 doesnt seem like many
I HAD TACO BELL EARLIER TOO!! :D
Not surprised but had no idea.
Shirt turnin translucent. Work on puttin up the AC Potus
What's your favorite kind of taco?
Say the GD letter not the damn numerial answer
I've been doing alot of thinking.....
Looking for followers #followback allways follow back all the time
text me then (:
Chicooo what yo cool a$$ up to?
There is a point in time when your friends stop being your friends and become family.. Im so blessed to have a bunch of brothers & sisters!
RT : At birth, a baby’s stomach can digest about 1-2 teaspoons of breastmilk. In the first week, it grows to hold about 2 ounces
YAY! CONGRATS Beasts of the Southern Wild! Can't wait to see the film. Big up
Sorry P. accident
Reading Love for No Reason - amazing book.
everbody in the USA needs to push obama to legalize cannabis just need 100,000 people.
Jobs said it best... you have 10 of those already while waiving his hands... :-)
Hi, thanks for the RT!
BTW I still need to make up for our last interview too
The best I've found is concentrated and pure and priced right. I take at least 4000 mg/day www.5StarFishOil.com
Ha, update of the old Wings/Beatles thing.
dang it victor!!.! That's bad for you!!!!
thanks for the follow...we never charge extra for emergencies, weekends, holidays or nights...24/7
Prince Ama will be on the "Break That Single show!" to talk about indie reggea,world beat, and the music industry 11am-1pm PST
isn't coming near your city on the mini-tour
Naw after the 2013 year cause y'all class booty
Why you cryin'?: I am NOT the Acosta in the Acosta v. Huppenthal suit. No llores!
told you. So I showed the movie you made me in class today and they loved it. :)
Attention everyone! Let's get "Rock Steady" tonight at Wall St. in Murfreesboro w/ Show starts at 10! Whose coming?
Going to keep blogging, but won't be every calendar day. (Unless of course...there is just that much going on.) :-)
Packing for New York!!
I hope you know your making me cry right now.
hey will you please give a shout out to ? It would mean the world to her
SPEs can get ~half hour warning. Not enough for orbital flight, but enough warning to ground a suborbital flight!
I appreciate you caring & all, though~ hah
Can we help? RT : Dogtastrophe last night! The cutest puppy in the world has fleas! A 1 am bath will be followed by a shearing....
damn.... alright, after lunch im dropping out
sorry!! Cant just wait and jointhe movement! Or at least do it for me haha
i love when we cake it up :))
Don't cry because it ended. Smile because it happened:)
Look out Mr Romney! The Liberal Media are out in full force to tear you down! They'll seize every opportunity!
Hawaii's national park visitors pumped $252M into economy
Since we are delayed, does anyone have any tips on interviewing people for magazine articles?
Dam I guess I am gonna get that Picture First ! (: and girl i wouldve snuck on they bus forget keisha !
You are welcome :)
Thinking I need to get it together for summer
Woo its FRIDAY!!! Very excited for this wonderful day!
So I found a video on my moms computer of Royce from high school singing to me :-) them days >>>>>> ;)
Jazz greats Hank, Thad, and Elvin Jones!
Edge Spears His Way Into the Hall
Today you can decide to be the person you always thought you would be
Is it the job I think it is??
Police: suicide note was written on the side of a vehicle on the #Montrose homicide-suicide scene
If u could ask God one question , What would it be???
washing my car storm clouds coming ..always
Find Your inner #BEASTMODE and get shit done!
finally warm days in nyc!! time to go dance some salsa at la cubana at 8pm and then off to new spot foundation....good times!
My birthday is in 3 days! wooooohooooooooooo (:
loll thanks I needs change mine soon D:
Good morning all. Wishing you an amazing day.
On my laptop. :3 It's been a long... long time. xD
I don't think we ever got his name. slender/lanky a bit older, glasses, energetic? Would love his name to incl in blog post
I believe and deserve a S/O for throwing a legit ass rager lastnight. It's too bad the cops cut it short!
Great minds ...
great to see you and your brother again at the AMA gift lounge. You guys made my day :) Kerry from
is killin it at PLAY already. Get here now!
Schoolyard is #MarchMadness headquarters, We’ve got 19 plasma TVs and great game day camaraderie. Come watch with us.
what kind did you get?
Another long day filming the activity week. Scripts are written ready for tomorrow's green screen filming!
ok. That was relatively entertaining.
wit da dreads?
where can I read it?
U is killin it :-)
Watching The Golden Girls with my breakfast. :)
Life's more amusing than we thought. ~ Andrew Lang
Cain talked with Abel his brother: it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
Great morning visiting Buford Middle School. Another awesome school!
WWW.HUBIGS.COM
7:30 PM :)“: Today, FREE reading by Robert Boswell, Eleanor Wilner & Mat Johnson. Carson Ballroom in Old Main.
lucky, mine started two weeks ago:(
Watching Rince Nia Academy of Irish Dance warm up. Join us at 11:30 to see these dancers take the stage.
Snow E. Mann Independent Snow Management ConsultantNorth Pole | Entertainment --who said #LinkedIn didn't have a sense of humor?
what do you get for $2 grand nowadays at the Verizon Center? Two fifths of vodka?
#Dipity! Pls load content faster, make phases of digital time lining printable for assessment, and get sharing features to actually work!
You're not still Jenny from the block. Not in that high chignon.
Just picked up my books at and so excited to share them with my community!
Gotta get fielder now
People is crazy these days
RT : learned more about drupal today than in the last 2yrs of intermittent fiddling. and going to learn even more tomorrow!...
Join CRA's efforts to help those in Haiti. We are supporting PIH. To learn more or to donate visit www.standwithhaiti.org.
RT : We all know a douchebag named Mike. ||
1) don't ever take a pic in the mirror, unless you're in jersey. 2) I think that is against corp rules to wear those off duty
WILSON HOT TAMALES
it's morphed into bloody Mary's on my back porch
When are you leaving? Will you still be in town for the auction at Christie's on May 15th?
Today's gift card winner is COURTNEY PIERCE. Congratulations!
nope. We will have beers from Flying Dog, New Belgium, DuClaw, Blue Moon and Leinenkugel. Over 15 different beers
Happy halloween my tweets! Get dressed, get drunk, and live for the moment!!!!!
Agree. Did u know Pages has special gestures akin to arrow keys? Would be a nice system-wide optional feature.
Just disabled sharing on facebook. While it was fun, I really just want to listen to Justin Bieber all day.
So does this mean wealthy developers will no longer require sweeping property tax breaks to build in #Baltimore?
thanks so much and same to you!
Does twitter benefit you in anyway, shape or form?
We're told no-sugar-added Wild Strawberry swirls phenomenally w/Dreamy Dark Chocolate; we don't know, we're still inhaling Banana Pudding.
Minnesota GOP Chair Shortridge, re: landlord dispute - "We believe we're on track to settle this matter without further legal action"
How's it going? I was at boot camp when you called.
I never skipped class until i went to Wilkinsburg,,, that shit use to fun,,,
"Let's face it: databases weren't made for non-information professionals." Diane Fulkerson #infolit session at
Went to doctor today to have the wax drained from my ears. Woah, I was living the last few months on mute!
oh good I still can remember things. Thanks.
hell yea lol we balled out doe playa
Good morning every one..i am back.....
I really want white miss me shorts :(
Hm... Very little wine selling tonight... Must be #craftbeer week!
homeonwer homecoming a succuss this weekend!
STRONGER RT : KELLY CLARKSON!!!!!!!!
Time keeps passing, and yet, not one single word?...
Umm you rock
We're giving away #UWM mobile tshirts at the Union right now!
did I say anything bout drafting him first round. No. He's still a dominant player. He's RANDY MOSS!!!
who said it was okay to be perfect? And who said it was okay to go off killing teenage girls with your grinding skills? -.-
hey Harrison want to wager on that series call?
yes!! me too!:D
Looking for the perfect art ? Let me paint it for you ! www.pbjcreations.com
I might just take you up on the offer - thanks! I'd love some insight into the process. Address it to anyone in particular?
Soup of the week?! Now we're talkin'!
Believe in yourself.
I haven't forgotten about you Emily and Peyton couldn't forget you even if he wanted to.
Have gunny sacks become so commonplace that NO ONE wants any, for free?
- nature as demonstrated in life is evidence in favor of the existence of God.
Slowly getting ready for work lol, its so cold :(
Get your vote on! SGA Elections end tomorrow!
This was a good fight.
A boat is a boat. But the mystery box could be anything. It could even be a boat.
But at least I can say I don't lie to or mislead my customers, and each photo that is (badly!) taken in my shop is mine.
how is J.Lo endorsing everything??
Just saw an event flyer with 6 different fonts. Somewhere a graphic design instructor is weeping openly.
Rep Koch is taking copious notes re possible amendment
Hahaha!! : Me: "Ever heard of botulism?!" : "Yeah, but I don't tend to study other religions."”
Recipe contest again.The best recipe won a free 3 months installation of eMenu or a free meal. Mail your recipe at
We wish you were here too! #iabcseattle event - excellent speakers and content on #storytelling!
98 percent of government websites are pathetic
We're playing all night long Friday with all proceeds going to benefit Show starts at 10pm. C'mon down and dance!
can you help spread the word that we'd want you on our show? Your welcome anytime!!!
#ImSoBold I bathe in Wheat Thins
Tell me a name of a perfume or cologne that you can't find anywhere
Research and Markets: Real Analysis: a Historical Approach, 2nd Edition is an Ideal Book for Courses on Real Analysis ...
I'm at Broad Ripple!
cause we indie baby!!!
Yo we need to hit up ab the #blessthesebeats project we talked ab
Friday Follow is had. Time for Monday Follow. #MF Cig Cinemas #webseries crew.
will do and after i send that information for her whats the next step ?
go yanks
Leg massage
Today's my Dad's Birthday! <3
Take this life and let it shine.. Your will, your way. Always.
"The world's best speedboat captain isn't able to pilot an oiltanker". - Andrew Cirne #StartpUpstart #CEOtransition /cc:
Maybe it's time to go to sleep now
not what I expected. But overall not a bad pick.
29 tho? smh....Guess ima have to get my lie in order
it'd be cool if the radio stopped playing pumped up kicks period never again
I'm still at work :( so I can't lol
RIP Earl Scruggs
oh they are all good and equally dangerous!
That and Horses Hoe.
stuck at the lib dealing with the power outage. F
Yea it's hard to top the Eliminator album by ZZ Top. However, had a strong showing in the 80's with Back in Black
I'm just trying to keep the recliner warm today.
S/o too muahz*xO
I dont ever get excited for anything. But knowing he always waits for me&walks me to class gets me aliddle excited to see him when i do ^_^
The last 24 hrs have been a little rough...REALLY glad comes home tomorrow! Can't get here soon enough!
is there any way to hear the good word out on long island?
Ok, need to be prosperous today - I'm on it! Thanks phriend!
Woohoo! Glad you loved it! #TheAvengers is TOO frakkin' #AWESOME!!!
Spending time with my dog. It's awesome.
thanks for dropping by our prez this morning!
Interested in how history shapes the law? Follow and check out his book on The Great Commoner, WJB.
It's great to hear my uncle play guitar again. He's still my biggest musical hero.
oh, I missed your caps haha! & I'm actually doing very great bootifuel, wbu?! & OH MY GOSH, DID YOU SEE IT?! *ovaries gone*
TornadoTitans thanks for following me on Twitter!
Hispanic Heritage Celebration today 12 - 2 pm in the SU Galaxy rooms.
#LR3 final tally: 5825 photos taken and imported into #Lightroom. The 2012 Catalog opens tomorrow. Need a new hard drive.
Are there good clothing out there these day?. Are you spending $ on garments made quickly that comes apart in the wash? What to do?
Great! Awesome to have you in the book!
#SyracuseOrangemen defamation suit IS DROPPED
I still like you.
#GrandpaFred I guess we decided to pick up and take it off hey Llanda? Yes they's..probably..with the..hold it would you?
I was told mid September. I'm hoping for a free copy of the book for attendees!
okay bitch
Thank you - you guys rock! RT : Thanks, Led! Always a pleasure to hear from you.
What do you spend more time on: Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Pinterest?
better than last test?
Ohio is LITERALLY gonna be down to like 10 voters who will make the difference. Smh.
The script<333
Definitely the weather for it, good choice! - RT : Its just one of those bbq days.. Today is a good day!
": Jesus christ!!! Your pride, your indecisiveness, your stubbornness <<< #JustStop" that's every women.
A fav teacher and rolemodel really liked that thought RT : Assess yourself as the unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
Shoot an email to to learn more. Love what you're doing! Keep it up!
Still going on: RT : THC DUI bill up in House State Affairs now. Sounds like testimony will be limited to 30 minutes per side.
hahah.. In my fat stomack!!:) how are u bro? When we play diece? In couple weeks my new song be out! I am stoked
Sounds like we need to exchange playlists
All these upsets are making me nervous!!
Wish you were here.
It's gonna be crazy!
So I didn't have to wait after all thank goodness
I Shoudlve Gone To The Mint Yesterday After Citadel Lol Just Noticed Billy Was Gonna Go! shouldve bought those tix!
At shack in the wood's gettin ripped!! Henny, Corona's and laptop on deck!! Find me if u can !!
Can't wait to get dressed up tonight
Schindler: Now less of a difference between for-profit & not-for-profit orgs
Young men or Daddy's?
Tell him grill does not have to = meat. I vote for a cheap >$80 grill so he can grill veggies this summer. Veggie kabobs! :)
Dad's love gadgets, new iPhones are PVC free, Bromine/Mercury free, Arsenic free, and packaging made from recycled material
yup yup you gonna be the photo lady tomorrow? :)
I meant two.
Gosh girl we haven't talked in forever on herr!!!
Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest?
#reenvisioningnagel All of this pbl takes even more skills beyond academic skills. how do we teach these skills AND all of academic ones?
My hair is being such a dick today.
Original Star Spangled Banner is a sight to see. Every American should visit.
I changed all my passwords to ‘incorrect’. So my computer just tells me when I forget.
Nope! And I was so impressed with myself for getting to class 5 mins early this morning
King James
So is Eli now considered the better Manning?
OH: There's a whole separate thunder section
Rhads has some super tough shoes to fill!!! Still have "Ballgame!" as a part of my ringtone. Miss ya Josh!
thanks dude! because it we didn't get one, we would've burned the place down.
: and others preserved plenty via quoteURL, blog, etc.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM! #_ILOVEYOUDUDU <3
Someone should create a fake "Good Jose Veras" account. You'd only have to tweet once a month
awwh n.n
:) RT : Honestly don't think I'd sleep if I didn't have to. SO excited about this life. Thank you everyone!
gimme some!!!
Gumbo from is super yum!
I'm watching #community just for you! can't wait to discuss!
Summer of 2010 Christina P. 23 year old café waitress who'd been a unsigned songwriter went from obscurity to the upper reaches in 2 weeks!
This is why I love the NBA finals....
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction!
' Girl did Amber tell yu about last nite?
one of our recruits will be on campus today. She'll be under the guidence of next yr.. The perfect person to learn from..
Well if we are talking about the cracker he was probably in the box.
Goodmorning everyone :) it's FRIDAY!!!!! oh yeah 8)
I. Freaking. Want. Sushi. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
ordered a ukelele! yes.
Seattle Wine Awards Deadline April 1.
you are too cute.
GO ANDRE, IT'S YO BIRTHDAY! #DODGERS FTW!
Patron needed library card number. Is it so hard to be polite? Please and thank you? I'm not a machine.
simply o, simply o, simply o.. hot new webshow just for you..
No Pulitzer for fiction? I didn't agree with the finalists but there were some gorgeous works out there. Anyone else stymied?
Teachers should lose their tenure for lecturing on syllabus day
what a cop out, chasing it!!! What???
Tebow's career in Denver.
I'm dirty I'm dirty I'm dirty as hell. I'm dirty I'm dirty I'm Timmy x3.
I love that. :) I hope she had a lovely birthday!
Would like a cookie cake for my birthday!
Take a look at some of our amazing $1.01 deals! Haircuts, manicures, Pizza, smog checks, socks, belts, FOR $1.01!
but not as cool as standing with a cardboard cut out...
Ahh getting away from papercovers OK. Now I'm pretty much looking forward to my trip to Estes Park Colorado for my cousin's-
Top 10 Questions Businesses Asked Us About Facebook Marketing
fuck yeah we love you!
My mentions are dead.
is clear, present, and dangerous.
mine is Eli but I want Bob Papa saying the Giants won the Super Bowl
why you dont like my team babygirl its all about the
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS... POSSIBLE PLATFORM ITEM 2012.. LOWER DRINKING AGE? VOTE ON IT FIGHT FOR MY COUNTRY BUT CAN'T DRINK A BEER!
Farm porterhouse steaks, haricots verts, and mashed potatoes with Chilean carmenere red wine rocked the home dinner tonight. Sweet.
35,000 feet above ground. In flight wi-fi is undoubtedly my number one priority when flying.
it IS me! Are you going to the conference?
Make this a Magnificent Monday, friends! I'm off and running... <U+E003>
Motivation! I am not haha, I'm packing up my stuff to get it out the way. Don't really take anything... How's your week?
She Saw Something In Me That, Til This Day I Don't Know If I Could Be That. But I'ma Die Trying.
Walter Trout rules. Too bad he is not a household name in music. Shows how far we have regressed. He is a guitar and blues beast.
I need relief
I thought it would be Macha throwing to 'the prince of darkness'
up early with the benefit of john's loud-ass alarm. on the bright side: now i don't have to hear mine.
I keep gettin offers for Mahogany...i do wanna sell her but at the sametime I dont, its my 1st car, my baby an parting ways gone b hard!!!
Changed tense (present to past) and focused POV (single person) on one complete chapter.
thanks for the #FF!
The Price household in #mansfieldpark, with nine children and far too much "bustle," is a literary advertisement for
Ty! In case any of you imagined that all of....
Happy Easter!
It's confusing because you're 200 pages in and the bird still hasn't died....
Hannah just isn't as good as the other dancers, face it Debbie.
Thank you! Looking forward to keeping up with your tweets!
King&#39;s Bay Gold Corporation commences its spring work program on the Menary Gold Project as located in the Rainy River ...
haha those would be some sexy kids(:
And, we thank you for building such awesomeness! :-) ^jom
Lmfao. Someone took the diamond out of my moms wedding ring and she is P.O.'d. Wayy too funny.
We're always hiring for various things so keep your eyes peeled. :-)
Cranky Tax Help. IRS Pub525, Pg31, Other Income: BRIBES. If you receive a bribe, include it in your income.
Wilhelm Tell Pageant is this weekend in New Glarus. Can't decide whether to go? Our story last year on the abridged version...
Testing out the system with some here in ABQ
is delicious! : Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! What place in #Bethesda serves your favorite #grilledcheese?
thank you!!! Vet thinks she's german shepherd-husky, or wolf. Not sure!! She's a goofball!
Osama Bin Laden is Dead, Any thoughts on this?
Join Lotties Lounge, Seattle's best neighborhood bar, on New Year's Eve for our action-packed party!!
Baby got backnea<<<<
yeah,my brother graduated and we went to a buffet,the people were just awful. Now we're at a bakery...same thing. Shoving...
John and I spoke this afternoon. I think we were able to help as well.
DATE NIGHT: When your "hot date" doesn't begin until your kiddos are asleep, sometimes you just NEED to put them to bed EARLY!
#np kid cudi, make her say.
its a snowglobe out there! we are open for classes and lessons today - if anything changes, we will update you immediately
Hey! Why not check out our EP? It's free and you might like it... www.keycommittee.com. Shows around town coming soon...
*flicks u off*
RT I got 5 comrades in Ohio...ya'll 2...plus <Ohio takeover, what u THOUGHT?
Insert High Kicks!
He just replied :) RT": and just now you remember to tweet about it <U+263A>? Sudany much =))"
: RT: New baby cousin. Absolutely precious!
I'd predict who the #Packers are going to select, but the NFL Draft doesn't come with brackets.
Just ate at #sullivanssteakhouse in king of prussia PA. Naturally met a Clemson grad.
When making a info aggro site/app don't have my profile on the homepage taking up 1/4 of the screen!
At rebooting democracy, looks like people sleeping in this morning, but Erica is waking us up now!
Great question. Not sure. Wonder if it's a static # captured when measuring overall grad/college-going rates.
Hey Chinatown, it's actually the year of the chupacabra, we will be by chinese ruby Tuesday's across from the chinese bed bath and beyond!!
Wonder what that big lotto winner is thinking today ....
Thank for the RT my man! Have a great start to the week
All my friends from high school know about my life because of Facebook. I don't know if this is a good or a bad thing.
My friends probably wish I'd wear a bell. I always sneak up on 'em. xD
nope cause I get to read YOUR tweets(;
Was I ever a teenager?
Gotta learn to put on clothes before producing new track!! I got no shame!! Cochino!!
Its summer, if u own a pool, your my new best friend!!! :)
It is the birthday of Victorian poet Robert Browning, who wrote, "Grow old along with me!/ The best is yet to be."
Wishing all of you a very Happy Easter!
.5t vanilla, .3c powdered sugar, 2t milk, whisk and drizzle over warm cinnamon rolls.
very interesting to meet the folks . talked about some radical ways to represent places, journeys, imagined journeys.
Danielle I'm scared now. Don't hurt me! :)
Cool note from wishing all filmmakers good luck in the forthcoming festival notifications...guess 2012 is upon us :)
Love the Chris Farley type loose tie & coat look! Did he just come from a "Van down by the river"?
In ramona with and
hurrah! two more days and it's birthday!
proud of you, sounded awesome! sorry i didnt stay, i know its going to be amazing, cant wait to hear the album,your fan John
haha you know me too well! Send 'em my cheese resume, please :)
D.C. here I come
North bound. Spontaneous road trip w/ & to watch the Pack play at Lambeau. Go pack go
Always have bud, never have a bitch to smoke with
How did know what I wanted for my birthday? Yes I'd love to go to your store and swap your busted modem.
Kiss me beneath the milky twilight. Lead me along the moonlight floor.
Time off, which means time to look up hair cutting videos! Yayyyy!
haha you can be when you need to be! Lol and I haven't heard from you in awhile!
Whole Foods intimidates me.
Big rain in Atlanta today. Lots of thunder and lightning.
hi there loved your "fiverr" story :). Maybe that beat box guy can do a cool birth announcement LOL! Miss u
My goal is 2 lose 60 pounds by da end of the winter & i will do whatever it takes 2 lose it all starting by running 4 an hour twice everyday
- like.. Learn how to Skype?
works for us! How far do you deliver? We can get you up for takeout or menu listing atleast!
Wow. Tru RT 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Bummer that this signature event is supposed to represent the diversity of San Diego artists but it's described in those terms.
we also live in a system that would rather destroy the peopleless homes rather than allow the homeless occupy them.
Thanks for following! cb
warm out o' the oven bread sounding pretty good
yay for real friends!
#MyBiggestFearIs wearing the same thing as someone else to a party. Always have to be #original!
and those without twitter...all I can say, is good luck.
Just tuned in, my favorite show on ! Hoping for lots of stuff on my Celtics today!
yayy ! do you like it ?
you are my hero!
Practice tonight! Free Show at The Foundry on Friday at 9!
This is the best episode of , and one of the best pieces of travel/food journalism, I've seen.
Sick of turkey samiches in ziplocks
Trying to figure out how to use as my twit host
In wwe magazine, instead of alex riley getting the best entrance music award, should have gone to Cody Rhodes.
Bad weather on the horizon. Montgomery, Alabama, my current location is under a severe tornado warning.
“Why is patience so important?" "Because it makes us pay attention.” <U+2015> Paulo Coelho
Community was renewed! Big old smiles over here.
"alumni" is the plural form of the word "alumnus" (or "alumna" for the ladies).
lmfaooooo for a second i thought this was jonghyun....then i saw it was you lmao
Shall we call it a move of desperation?
So tonight's choices so far are the daughter of Harry Cox or a Tennessee hillbilly w/ a Dad that doesn't drink? Bring on Courtney!
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases liberty. PLZ support in Senate!
Seriously... i miss surprise chocolates in my drawer, Pei Wei lunches, and happy faces on my car.
santa monica, did you take your profile pic at club My House in hollywood
I probably should.. You coming to see Seussical this weekend?
Chick I work with is married to a woman, but she say she aint gay... So what are you then??? Lol
When you die, let's remember the good that you did, if only for a day. R.I.P. Joe Paterno
Think I KILL GIANTS by made me cry. So I lent it 2 a friend. She'd better cry!
where can one find out about your affiliate program?
She won't be lonely long. (:
continues to #wow #speaking #conference + #event #audiences w her #amazing #keynote #lectures abt #food #security +
Come to the howlin wolf northshore!!!
We can meet the needs of pharmaceutical distributors from Retail to Radio, from single item deliveries to custom route service. 877-527-5737
that's exactly what yours did to mine <3 aww yayyy :) i'll hug you when we'll finally meet one day :3
number game for rate?
Dear - today is #Earth Day. Sending 3 unnecesary paper notices, in 3 separate envelopes, is not helping SAVE THE EARTH!
thanks for the mentions! We love you guys. See you at happy hour tonight! 330-6pm!! Cheers
San Diego #Chargers agree on a 4-year contract with former New Orleans Saints wide receiver Robert Meachem
Allen Gregory still not funny.
Well my mom totally bailed on me..great
it's time to get WEIRD
What does he need? We have snacks.RT : Rep. Kriesel holds up sign to TV cameras during prolonged #Vikings stadium debate: "HELP"
I hear that! I need some suya right now.
it is really nice for venting with
I'm a general co-chair & preparing registration & other logistics. I'll DM you so we can get the panel on the full program
Thank you for the mention!
Completely uncomfortable, an obstructed view of everything because it's close to a wall outlet for your charger. That.
Social Media & Human Resources underway upstairs!
Awww, shucks. Thank you!
woot!!! MT : #Caps score at 4:20 of the 3rd period. John Carlson with his 2nd goal of the playoffs on the PP. #Caps lead 2-1.
It's Wisconsin- people get olives in their Manhattans.
improvement needs to be recognized
That wasn't just any cheese either... That was good Whole Foods cheese! Shredding cheese is the only kitchen thing I can do.
Elite Hoops wants to know who do you have tonight: Kentucky or Kansas?
THXS 4 retweet jackson.Hope u had a good day today.
Up to my eyeballs in stylesheets and HTML.
Yep that's what I typed into Bing translate RT “: I'm gonna take a stab at that one ...top of the morning to you?”
Eva said in her crib "Hello nana, hello mommy. what doin. Are you pooping?"
sunday kinda love
b/c
Good that you can rely on the Lord's strength during those times. I don't know how people get through without Him.
you love gas stations?
yes! They're like popin out it sucks haha :(
Oh no worries I agree he is a stellar horse!
I'm enjoying an honors program lecture by my colleague Jake Howland, on "Plato's Republic and the Politics of Convalescence."
Whose up
Hope it can compete with the Klass remix :)
you are wild
Be in the Office Without Being in the Office
12 "Marketing Super Powers" - #2 The Power of Showing Up - You can't expect to get more business or referrals if you don't show you care
Yay new followers! Thanks FindMyHost, , , , , , , and !
california is calling my name
Our road trip home mascot, Woody.
This heat... is for the birds!!!
she's great. she and nugget are really hitting it off.
My mom told me no more facial piercings. I'm pissed. I want my double nose piercing. I'm just gonna stretch
I wish all the folks complaining that there haven't been enough zombies in #WallkingDead get devoured by actual zombies. Tons of them.
It's like the world was covered in a giant sheet of white paper and backlit.
Already have an exam tomorrow in my summer class. Didn't I just have a final last friday? Damn you UK
he's one lucky dude
": I like being on my back wit my legs up and a big mac in my mouth" bahahaha, with the soda on the side,
Hmn I wanna meet a female guru lol is there such Thang:p?
The Sauk County straw poll results are in and Tommy won with 80%.
Got a thank you from - one of the funniest, most down to earth food guys on tv.
Salsa Saturday's at Wherehouse!!!! Don't forget to get your iSalsa Tshirts while ur on the floor with us tonight... YEAH BUDDY!!!
Can't f stand Lazy ass people that micromanaged you when they're milking the system!!!!! -Need to do something about it!
yea at times
BET is doing a tribute to Whitney right now- playing her videos.
Oh, and Happy Mother's Day to all you mamas out there!
My guess YES. From my interp. of #history, brutality occurs when no one stands against it. Witness Africa.
where at on your phone?
RT : Last night was the best steak I'd had in a long timeAbsolutely amazing
When you feel like you're swimming upstream, flip and float.
have the best day ever!
no problem! whens your next cover coming up? make sure you tweet me the link(:
Bite your tongue sir.
woah dont touch that square shell get mad.dont call her a square either, shell rip your hair out.(cayzzzz) <U+2665>
i'm having my site built in wordpress right now, and i want some cool widgets, specifically a calendar widget
Today we celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day! Did you know that green was a color considered unlucky in Ireland?
I'm going on a road trip to Nashville this summer...who wants to go with me.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Japan, Hawaii and anyone else who has been affected by this earthquake/tsunami.
no longer seeking UX designers for our contract position, thanks for all those that reached out.
you are my inspiration and true gay icon! #tear i love and respect you mother monster! one day i hope to meet you! xoxo
Y can't I get u off my mind<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Yard sale went good, could've been better though. Now back to the nightlife I concentrate.
learnings.org is hilarious stuff... sad but true.
get me a way there and a place to live and i will 100% do it! :)
RT : Even simpler: Rondo, Bradley, Pierce and Bass are 1-for-17.
I am not an advocate for retention at any grade, as a former hs ppal age becomes a factor in students and their desire to dropout
Lol Wow Ethan! Nice job! Haha :P
can you unfollow me please? your annoying.
Almost done with formatting everything!
RT : "If you have to choose between a great lipstick and a great pair of shoes-Choose Both." style wisdom from 85 year old Lucy
When picking a cooking oil you don't want the flavor to be too strong, b/c as it heats the more the flavors come out.
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if her name is Renata.. Something about that name says Stank!
That was the first bath he's had in over a month that didn't involve a meltdown or screaming match. Woot!
TXCV would like to wish & thank all of our veterans a happy veterans day!
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other person is the wife.
I still have a place in my heart for band boys.. They look so sexy when they are singing.
Thanks for the shout out! Follow us and the author
Tonigt its going down at idle hour lounge 21+ to enter no cover all night 8601 w. Grand... don't miss out!!! Spread the word!
hahah we no hang out doe :(
yes you do, so we need to make legit plans soon!
I want to watch the video of the giant centipede fighting the snake, but I don't want to enter the Socialcam universe.
just saw Hands on a Hardbody!! Awesome!
We #Pens fans just went through same thing after game 3. Ridiculous what some people say. It's the 21st century. Grow up.
Can't wait for #SherlockPBS tonight - so much to do before then though.....
He put a nasty note on my car two weeks ago & tonight he came home late stoned & decided to make scene
it's 5 o clock in the morning ;D
Tokyo has been amazing.. The food, the people, the culture. Thanks for everyone who came down to the gigs. Tonight - Bangkok!
Release date for the new "Testimony 2-Live in Los Angeles" is set for November 8th, 2011. Pre-order dates coming soon!
Odenkirk = King Midas of comedy. Looks like your something of a renaissance man these days?
Tell Her About It by Billy Joel was the #1 song on this day in 1983. Billy is my man.
So right you were! I was well prepared for the event 2 DAYS EARLIER!
I did...and still am
i hate lax... one of my least favorite airports. why are the domestic and international gates so far apart. i wanna know.
#SMHHH when people get mad & don't tell you why -.-
What have you done that is #healthy for your temple (your body) in the past 30 days???
Birthday Tomorrowww(: #EXCITED :D
hahahaha that is seriously truth hahaha
You're welcome! is one of my favorite things on twitter!
np. Are you posting pics anywhere?
MT : An oligarch, like Pete Petersen convenes a meeting of Washington elite 2 discuss #socialsecurity. Who represents us?
Alcohol, cussing, fan ejections, security...oh yeah, Lakers fans are in town. I'm gonna make a calendar of fan photos!
JADE! HAVE YOUR BROTHER FOLLOW ME!
The hunt is back on... stay tuned and check back tomorrow to find out how you can win tickets to the WBC!
People made of many parts-does them a disservice to only look at them as being only one part
What a pleasure to have David in & thanks for an amazing write up! We hope to see him again in soon :)
Gotta love native editing capabilities. Makes this easy.
I called over Spring Break, they haven't gotten back to me. Should I call? I want to go back!
haha why not?!
- we should be good, Chillar so versatile safety should be smooth conversion.
Dear , How about creating a lower-tier conference registration for non-CEO types? Non-"curated" thought drivers are everywhere! :)
A good owner is one who can manage the business well!
happy birthday bruh , vibin to dat rack city for u
Laura Palmer would kick Rosie Larsen's ass
oh, wow. Look at that, you do have a mohawk!
Being sick sucks chicken cock...
Everything works when you're high.
. Re: DM-No worries, you grow a thick skin in the PR biz, but seriously, your insight is valuable & will help make #PR better
GOtta get back hustling
starting at 7am!
hey. Thanks for the invite. I am gonna watch the game at green turtle in ballston.
I'm do offended you're not following me
It was hard, particularly when one of them got mad at a bagger for not having "the Trader Joe's spirit". I wanted to murder.
Join us for the magical experience of a lifetime at FDI Youngevity Convention!
Chances are good that David and I will be able to swing a trip to St. Petersburg this summer.
In Leavenworth, WA and just heard a German pop version of the A-Team theme...so disturbing!
idk I kinda just woke up.
follow me your so talented and so beautiful :)
Stop worrying about a nigga that Dnt give 2fucks about your
saw one of those at the zoo this weekend. It was one of the only animals out in the sun.
Be the purpose that you are within your Soul.
If by "interesting" you mean "horrible."
reports that Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities has new Secretary General: Dr. Mustafa Amin Mustafa
#/RihannaNavyHatesBeliebers ? thank you,love you too mwah<3
I miss you!!!
That moment when you wake up and all your shit is scattered and there's syrupp on your face.
Here's my number call me maybe..
The feeling when you know you have left it too long!
Working w/ East India Co.'s Chef Pradeep finalizing an upcoming Indian wedding,eating lftvr Indian food & watching in Goa...
WHHAAATTT? >>> Seriously? RT : shouts to Swing Phi Swing in Albany for stealing ZLIST steps... Cool story bro -_-
Thank you! Xoxo
I've never been this happy in my life in a relationship
Nothing ruins your Friday like finding out its a Wednesday
Congratulations to all of our Spring 2012 Graduates!
LOVE ME LOVE ME SAAYYYY THAT YOU LOVE ME ;))
annoyed by hyperbolic statements... stick to reality. our country is stronger than any one man or party. confidence should replace fear.
OH My! Didier Drogba - wow. What a goal. Chelsea 1 Spurs 0. Almost halftime. Wow what a strike.
sweet ink! where did you get it done?
damn! Thats cause you ass wont out there!
Thanks, Zoey! Still digesting all the learning from this past week...
Alright that's how it is today?
My favorite color white you know I'm cocained down from head to toe.
You know you focused on the game when you yelling "HOLD THE BALL" at the tv
If a major label doesn't sign you guys soon, they're friggin' idiots!
It's been none stop for 3 hrs... :(
is very gewd deal
Happy Holidays! Celebrate and Enjoy!
one of the best if you ask me :)
doing big things in Atlanta with their 1st Annual Inner-City Youth Baseball Opening Day. Encourage you 2 check out their work.
it must suck to suck.
Video conferencing meeting provides face-to-face communication but several most advanced equipments are used for d communication and meeting
That is gorgeous!
its stuffed with cinnamon sugar butter/cream cheese lol
Grading "Special Teams" | Gilreath's punt return touchdown | Brings them up to "D" |
RT ": Miss her" <----interesting
Well that's certainly something to look forward to.
To all my fellow Celtics are running a clinic tonight at the Madison Square Garden. Come one come all. Families welcome.
Time to produce..wiped off the dust of an old script that has bad ass horror twists..celebs already reading it..Kanyon's End will be born!
Uhm no. I will run you over one day when you are pushing carts.
today im so thankful 4 the Lords Grace,his luving heart.4 allowing me 2 b with family b4 they part,and for my sons health.
Connect with and learn from anyone doing things you find worthwhile: in tech, business, life
i need new text buddys ladies whats up C
So many drunk people in silly hats
discovered a band today and they are great <3
Three owls of different species are seen together in the rocky ridge on the left side of the Mona Lisa's landscape.
He'll soon see the risks of romance with a neighbor & go back to Peggy for it. Death by elev shaft post-late-night tryst at SCDP.
sadly no. I guess I'll have to replace it ASAP because I'm not going to hold it up to my ear at this point!
worst customer service. bought a MK watch yesterday, found something else, and today can only get in-store credit. no thanks.
wow that drawing was terrible.
“: do you love cmpunk” I like him :)
Thanks, James. Enjoyed your recent vids!
Huntsman: Cites Teddy Roosevelt in 1912 as parallel to current political landscape
Where is Bluesfest? I would love to see The Hold Steady!
How do you convince a toddler that the toilet is not, in fact, a happy aquatic play place to swish ones hands around?
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on anger:
this is the 2nd time he almost cut it and 2 girlin one class woulld not let me get my bag
I had Ochipinti SP68 white wine with lamb, chickpeas and mint yesterday, and it worked!
Boston is a physical team so PP for one or both makes more sense
voice is so deep haha xD
Tweet your questions for tonight with the
just one of many...
Do you think people would buy crucifix dildoes?
Talkers as in those auto feed bots shotting out 30 tweets in a row.
Awkward? RT : White House originally planned to have Pres in NC today, state where they are voting on same sex marriage ban
or portraits or the other one.
It means that the internet has damaged your capacity for conversation.
If you want a follow back, just tweet me! :D
Hey, thanks, Ron. Nice to meet you Tammy.
Caring way to much for people who don't give a shit <
We can help RT : . tried to use a sports reference with me in Draw Something. He won't make that mistake again.
I figured that haha and nothing bored listening to music talking to you
do you do promoting by any chance? Like over the social media networks and stuff? If so, I could use the help if you don't mind.
so don't leave ;___; RT Guardiola: "When will I return? I haven't even left yet and you already ask me abour returning"
Wassup! RT Good morning Good people
yeah, brother. Good luck, from one job hunter to another.
Watching Saturday Night Live. Funny stuff. Need to laugh sometimes because I work too much. Trying to stay in the moment
Everyone should check out a new band Rocky Loves Emily they're fantastic!!
i hav a a pink nd purple polka dot bikini wit a bow in the bak, nd a pair of football cleats
Okay shuffle... Switching it up I see.... Lolol
My trusty kitty always gets me through the tough spots __,,,^. .^_,,,_
gahhhh what is this social media stuff good for!???
I think UNC's Roy Williams would have had more catches than the Bears Roy Williams if he played this year.
HEY :) Thank you for the follow!!! :)
She's probably not spending the weekend & I'm gonna have no friends whatsoever over for my birthday now. At least I might see Chad tomorrow
I need go to see Dr. Molina here in Dallas, may have an injury!
#ireallywant someone to retweet this tweet
If you miss me let me know, if not then
Best point guard in the NBA is Rajon Rondo. The best!
I like how barely post any original content on my Twitter stream
I'll never buy another #alesis product. Third DOA product out of four. Customer service: "there's nothing we can do." Thx.
Gallery5 and rvamag 7 years. What a journey. Here is to more of awesome.
I'd love to chat about your 3D article, "2012 will find 'Nemo,' other film classics in 3-D" and connect you w/ other experts!
wish i could go it looks so nice !
East Hampton Cottage by Essie is my go-to nude! You could also try the free OPI app that lets you "try-on" all their shades.
Oh! You boys wearing the colors in Australia...I think I'm going to cry. Boomer!
I did, in fact, get married! And some of my friends are beautiful people and not the best photographers :-p
Back on a plane tomorrow -- heading to #DukeReunion and some of my best friends in the world.
Yeah. Skateistan really rocks!!
oh darn i ment most. Of ur quotes written in my binder
What's better than watching watch sports? Watching watch a horror film. :-)
i can bring moms truck up to get u if u want
Do you need Air Conditioning service In the Dallas area call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
lol don't worry about it
I see I'm wait listed on the full moon photography session on May 5th. Hope a space becomes available!
It officially opens at 5:30.
just read one of your blogs , thank you for the advice :)
Also at Gibson Lib tomorrow @ 9:30 a.m. drop-in for the second class in the Web Computer Class series. Requires basic web browsing skills.
Bart shows his softer side in tonight's episode when he befriends a pigeon. Watch The Simpsons with us at 5!
Chicago audition was brutal yesterday... Shakespeare & Velveeta Cheese?
The Lucy one is so cute!!
Working on scene stuy hw....cool!
I wish there was something to watch on TV this weekend lol.... GO #Brewers GO #badgers GO #Packers awesome sports weekend!
#LRT these tweets explain my life right now
Job opening in cat. plan'g Josh ObermarkAJILON CONSULTING
Check out these #WritingCitizens:
Miley Cyrus: Will Trace Cyrus and Brenda Song Name Their Baby After Miley?
Saying that Seacrest is the new Dick Clark, is like calling Bieber the new Sinatra.
watching step up 3
SB45 Biz Lesson # 26: Create and leverage momentum.
Hope you can participate some time.
Get the bumble bee off idol.
Two jobs, two classes, 5 hours volunteering a week....summer is about to get busy. I hate being an adult.
LOL. Mind you, us older gals still have it goin on.
Great things coming out of the GSEA office!
thank you. :)
That orange glow, means that its working
Crazy Happy Hours tonight on special LUCKY CONTADINA ARROSTITA
I saw your game against BC WBB, much better than #35 “: For those wondering: No, I'm not wearing #35 for the Mavs tonight.
Check Out the Home for New Music and Unsigned bands at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic You will be glad you did
$10 cover on a wed = I won't be entering your establishment. Jerks.
hey do we have any mail? I'm at the Blatz now so I could grab it.
but will they make me a cynar ice cream when I visit?
Lots of calls about the Epilepsy Walks! Don't forget the Walks will be in November this year to celebrate Epilepsy Awareness Month!
Headed to Vegas today!
love that.
It's depressing actually, at least for me.
I asked them the same thing - they didn't seem to like the question
yeah, definitely too much for twitter. Would be down for discussing over coffee/beers.
Wolf! Please take on the electoral college, and work to get rid of it! It would be great if every vote counted, no?
i live in Brooklyn ! <333
me & are hitting up the bottles 2night. Gonna have a jam session & drunk mix thru the night. Maybe snort some off the platter! JK
sounds great!
Here, here! RT Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened - Dr Suess has some wise words!
I know it's Sunday morning when 80 percent of my twitter and FB feeds are mentioning last night's investigations! Hehehe. LOVE it!
Just got back in time for Tutto Fresco mmhmm italian spaghetti
Researching personalized urinal cake covers for promotional items. Typical Thursday.
Take Ya Girl Kidnapped Her Feed Her To My Mattress!
We’re flattered to hear you think so! Which bar did you enjoy over the weekend? RT: Sunbelt has the best granola bars!
Iran Nuclear Talks ‘Constructive’ After 15-Month Halt
Yayy. I'm glad you like it. So don't make fun of me after this. YouTube The Millionaires- Party Like A Millionaire. Haha.
“: Congratulations to Meredith!” I'll pass that along, thx Melissa !!
LED technology are well-recognized and sought after across multiple industries
try some crystal light. It has some caffeine but no sugar. Just think of it like the patch.
oh i dont like her...
S/O to my new follower :)
try really hard!
Hmm... my thoughts as well.
All this talk made me forget about Shabazz.
Are the librarians the most dangerous people in Stained-by-the-Sea in the new Lemony Snicket All the Wrong Questions?
Getting more and more followers on G+ and Quora. Does that mean people are actually using those networks?
I was thinking the same thing. I wish them the best on the fertility journey, but there has got to be more to them than that.
Congratulations on your win! Very excited for you :)
Mango shrimp tacos with Mexican side salads for $8.99!!! Bud light pints for $3.00! Half price wine bottles
Decertification = potential delay to the season. What it doesn't mean is a delay to the 2011 Fantasy SUPERDRAFT. Details to be posted soon.
Don't forget mid-term supervisor evaluations are due tomorrow.
I'm still here for you.
I'm a little shocked -- a) that #preds lost both, maybe more that they played like a pickup league team b) that #kings dominating
WOOHOO!!!!! San Diego, San Francisco, L.A...that's a good start for my mini-tour on #TheTour!!!! Who's there!? Don't tempt me to add Vegas!
Can't forget seeing the Easter bunny either.
We got about 10 minutes of frogs falling from the sky and now just rolling thunder and spitting.
Sweet home sweet home
follow back
Re. scheduling. Be flexible. Want to hear some elaboration on that? Ask - he has tales to tell.
Pop pink holidays shows: Thursday Pittsburgh, Akron Friday!
New 'Amazing Spider-Man' Lizard pics hit the web (ha!) - Yahoo! Movies UK (blog)
RT : True mgmt musical chairs doesn't always work But feel the changes are better #TimeWillTell #IT #in <If dn thtfl
Win,win,win,win win
You don't call mentally ill people retarded that just bad taste... You call your friends retarded when the do something stupid
Shocker Boise State actually plays a team with talent and loses....again. And some people think they would make it is a BCS conference????
Are you ready for this?!?
I hear that! RT : Life gets in the way of my reading enjoyment
I'm looking for studio space/something i could turn into space to do photos a couple days a week-know of anythin, l.a./valley
coffee at work today is shittier than normal. perhaps it's a Friday afternoon pot? entirely appropriate for the day I imagine I'll have.
shit goes hard bro, the old shit is the best, i feel my rhyme's being heavily influenced
ignore it. look below the comment...now look above. see how many people support you? focus on that!
Sticky 2nite and DJ
ty. I sat Chooch to try & secure the spread. 2/3 or better from Espinosa seemed like a long shot.
It still amazes me how fucking small vero is. Walk into the DMV and the only other person there is a kid I went to middle school/hs with -_-
Friends are like teeth, be true to them or they'll be false to you. - pops
Haha yes yes I know it will all work out for us journos!!
The more I think about it, the more bummed I get! Ugh!
what does it taste like?
bah, all I want right now is a nap.
getting big. That's my son! She might have pushed him out, but he acts like me. Lol!
The closed captioning on Barney just called Baby Bop, Baby Boo!
Yo Valpo! Country Music night is coming to your town this Saturday at THE WAREHOUSE! Come git yer country on!!
Let me work in the office Idc lol
Semicolon, bad! BAD semicolon! #ProofreadingIsLikeTrainingADogButI'mTheDog
@ @ Are you all looking for apps to address following directions w multiple basic concepts?
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world. -- Heather Cortez
What good is a party if you're too busy to enjoy it?
“: Dear someone has a crush on you (your really really cute!<3 ). #SomeonesCrushin” so who sent me this?:)
Broke ass men !
Happy Friday Night!
I woke up as a mindreader this morning
#imthekindofperson who is a best friend til the end...of time that is. Mess with my friends, you mess with me.
I will alleviate her of any embarrassment. When your done let me know so I can slaughter her & fry up some steaks I'm hungry.
is a sexy beast!! <3
find some
Group hugs are fucking awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Attempting to check emails from the last week. Blah
That moment when u try to blow a bubble but your gum ends up popping out of your mouth :)
when you don't know your place, you wonder and give it legitimate cause "grind" "my time" "takeover" "on top"
Brian!!!! whats up man!
crying at #TVD omg its so sad
In "Where the Sidewalk Ends" (1950), D. Andrews and G. Tierney mix memory and desire in this back-street replay of their "Laura" love affair
Zac Brown band singing national anthem at the Packers/Falcons. The band members are ATL fans and they have a song about fried chicken.
without top QB's
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my
Weekend Rail Runner Service Preserved - for now
"I've done quite a few things in my day, and I know you don't need props to have fun."
I am unique and eclectic. I welcome the follow
is the only museum with a full-time paid Wikipedian. The bar has been set.
Up here come shaq.
Write us a review on Amazon, send us the link, and we'll give ya a special coupon for you or a friend's next purchase!
RT : Social media is the world we live in, it's here to stay, see it as opportunities
hurry up so you can drive down here and watch baseball with me.
is a rockstar with these autographs at the Merchandise Pavilion! Thanks, Lexi!
RT : I walk the world in wonder. — Oscar Wilde
Being able to keep the windows open during a rainstorm.
I take no chances with the workout and DL stuff to ipod - bad music just kills. Unfortunately can't DL stuff to work comp.
Thanks for the RT and your awesome presentation at #SMbootcamp4 today!
Production, design, strategy, technology. Cross functional learning, quicker design, production and implementation.
Two more chances to catch #VelocityDC today!! Are you going? Tweet your pics before the show & at intermission
u da one avoid me lol
Well, im Marc, where you from miss lady
her tweet count is a little absurd....
could b a pickpocket or he could b slipping some contra ban in there. Ask him if he wants an autograph so you can ask hos name
Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. CYRUS FARIVAR
So happy and proud!!!! :)
Thinking about home...
Sure thing! Check out crashingcars.bandcamp.com, we're coming out with an EP in mid-August. It will be posted there too!
Glad the #Bills sent to the new uniform unveiling - he's their handsomest player, union rep & co-starred in a Mary J Blige video
At ULC meeting, ICMA Carlee's message to libraries: "if your brand is a book, it might as well be a buggy whip"
This is one of the few times in journalism where both the "in context" and "out of context" statements were true.
Breakfast is so much better when you make it at home, restaurant breakfast is so overrated !
It's possible... Is there any REAL evidence?
There's a lot of excitement about the Royals in KC. Too bad they are down 7 runs in the 1st of their opener.
we should really do it like a big fam...afterwards make an an babysit
You're pathetic.
Did my good deed for the day... Been up almost 24 hrs on 4 hrs of sleep.. My bed is calling mah name
#FF ::: Need a S/O or Twitter blast? GO FOLLOW>>>
Last day of Movie Week at tomorrow. Can't believe some of the stuff our video team is producing. So amazing!
well I'm living at home for like a month :( but I'll come see you soon and we can get chipotle!
Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos was kidnapped in Venezuela on Wednesday night
So i sorta kinda REALLY love <3
I feel like saying
Yall really wanna annoy me this weekend
The bad thing about working from 8 to 8 is that it means i wont get to skate at all today
Both activism and slacktivism count, I think. How hard were the logistics of the move? I've been meaning to do the same...
Hmm..time..left
I cannot even believe this. R.I.P. Whitney.
There is thought that infants secrete these “cleaning” sub's also to make pouch enviro as clean/sterile as poss
Life for me aint been no crystal stair. Its had tacks in it & splinters & boards torn up & places with no carpet on the floor-Bare(L.Hughes)
Dude was freakin' me out on the 848…handlebars, hold on to 'em!
Check us out! Thanks for all your support!!
I'm on that one
#SensitiveFolks care for everyone and if they feel like they fail, they take it out on themselves.
We are closing our Chicago campus on Monday - stay away, giggle :) Have a great weekend as well!
So Sunny outside. Come and check our Patio. Open 12am to 2am daily! Great wine and great food!
The Universal Language of Jump Rope - simple and so true
thank u
Thank you for sharing this journey with us.
natural history museums are great fit for VWs. Better than dead animals in diarama. Build bc useful, not just cool.
“: Holy UNC-Asheville Batman!” if the my #Titans can land Peyton, then #UNCAsheville can pull this off! Waiting impatiently
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there<U+FFFD>s always a person who wouldn<U+FFFD>t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Our Megafest shirts were a hit! Lots to get done before our next event!
thank you:)
My bus driver always got her shoes off! #Crustytoes lmfao
works and the importance of keeping it up. Time to keep fingers crossed as we wait.
Can anyone tell me who the girl is on the cover of #Danniminogue's Autobiography??? *confused louis face*
Update your whole business through software in 2012! The best way to reduce overhead permanently! 5% December discount on all projects!
let me know what you think. Probably gonna see it this weekend
I am not going to give up on getting to kik me back one of these day it will happen! :)
#ireallywant world peace
Kick some ass suns!!!!!!
West beltline a mess
Give peace a chance...
no need for MM, I'll date him!!
Way to get that extra point !
SRS3 tonight at music starts at 930ish...
i actually can not wait to see the senior prank this year ..
Tonight at 9PM ET on TV! #LongBeachPoly #4thandForever RT : don't for get to tune in for the show 4th and forever
I drove so outta my way there's an IHOP on 14th *smacks self* tequila is wearing off *hits kush*
Innocent pains from guilty pleasures..
How does the panel define an influencer?
Day 49 of 100: I am thankful for early mornings.
I was outside but nobody came out so I left
Love you guys!!!
lol, i'm at a field trip lol
Last night I made 4 lbs worth of brisket. It took 14 hours. Brisket is an intense experience.
That is a BIG FAT ZERO JOKE. NO one in their right mind will take her seriously, especially in politics. No one cares about them.
This dude was eliminated? This IS a travesty
beautiful night...
Not soon enough RT How quickly will shot clock operator be canned??
happy bday bro
Borders were on Obamas teleprompter.
It was an AMAZING day all because of YOU! See you next year!
thank you for following us, we hear your service is great!
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Rhodiola or Yohimbe
just got into Mississippi. Man I luv it here. This state bore two my fav peeps; you and !!
Tak! Represent us polish peeps from Chicago!
not at all I see ghetto white ppl in Walmart all the time n they too take my money from my check
umm birthday in 5 days! Happy birthday to me. going to eat at the mall later!! (:
I'm playin music without headphones .. Fuck this library lol
": and I can hear it thru her text..real nigga shit"y i kno wat u mean
Hey at least we know Christian Bale has brushed up on his #Pittsburghese. The writer spelled it phonetically. Haha.
if this whole startup thing doesn't work, we'll go back to our work as psychics :)
please check your text message Need that today if possible unless or can do it? Cheers! Rg
I'm live right now on my official website... Come join the chat (:
Happy National Sticky Bun Day. Damn I'm hungry!!!!
Spring Trunk Shows- Saturday, May 19- A representative from Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts will be here.
what if you're a goalie? ;)
exactly!! And Lets Go Pacers lol
Support The Hirshberg Foundation 4 Pancreatic Cancer. Your contribution funds research to find an early detection method & ultimately a cure
If you haven't made it out to the beautiful new yet, you need to. I'll be in a great show there at 7:30 tonight.
Red head are just!!!!!!!! Something you well never find out!!!!!
Don't have that mind set.Find something you like, keep doing it, and make that your goal, and you'll find love for everything
We're lucky to have you Dan! RT : 1 year today.
im in 8th grade and like half the kids in my grade drink and have sex...like wtf is wrong with them!?!
I hate my new work uniform with an undeniable fervor.
Nice to see a new track coming to Michigan, can't wait to check it out www.33motorsportspark.com
Seriously I don't get why people have such a hard time understanding what "Equal rights for all" means. African-Americans, women,
My best friend >> Your best friend..
RocLyfe Ent. just partnered with Cure Search (national non-profit foundation whose mission is to fund and support children’s cancer research
stay away from Boyd Crowder RT : Off to Lexington, KY for a few days.
This month in 1848, the Associated Press was formed in NYC.
Working on a Thursday afternoon, watching the rain pass by and the temperature dipped back into the 50's. WTF???
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldn't find anyone to copy it from
Im teasing you in my F>M>B
Right away, sir!
Well I think it somewhat depends on what you wear w/ it.
Time for that $$$ value to come down a bit following the game. RT : got the word...it's officially a #podiumgame for JaVale McGee
Ooooooohhhhhhh snap biotch! Whrn u gonna join? RT : HAVE FUN AT DERBY...
Stephen's gf looks like she could be his sister.
I know its not college but the heat #thunder game is exciting
Every week I wonder how "The Killing" is going to shit the bed. I'm never disappointed.
#worstfeeling = being called a beached whale...
I've always assumed it is crucial to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.
OK, your mission, if you choose to accept it... Is to go to Zacky's Hotdogs and enjoy great service and food too! Yummy!!
Gm everything is everything. Making time on a monday morning
the same bay area rappers yall jocking i swear to god on my life they baby moma got my dick in they jaw #real nigga whats up
I know. Which is what makes his so shameful and...icky.
I really need to finish reading my book cz I gt another long day ahead of me 2mrw....
Thanks for sharing the quote! Would you like an ADD shirt? I'm the guy who wrotethant & I think you're why I sold 4 shirts today
farmers markets in nj flourishing
We are excited to announce a collaboration w/one of DC's finest nightlife consultants & for our launch!
Eminem just gives us all a little taste of reality. Some people need it more than others.
RT : rt BREAKING: Diabetes pill #Avandia OK to stay on market with restrictions, FDA rules
Fucking lazy ass pass man wtf
Italians dont watch football on Christmas, we watch The Godfather.
I agree with 1st person seems to be the POV of female main characters in #YA, while males in 3rd
THAT WOULD BE #1HELLOVA MIXTAPE! THE HOTTEST RNB AND RAP LADIES IN THE GAME ALL ON 1 DISC...YEA" DAT WOULD B FIRE!
a strapless long black and white dress. Paps took pics, so I'm waiting for them to appear...
Yeah, he definitely will. He'll lose all Western PA counties except Allegheny, too.
": She got an ass and class? #ShesAKeeper" *points to self*
If Monica, Karen, Roni, Zahra, & I all went to the same school it would be the best.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>I miss them so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Can't wait to take a nap!!!
Asking a question you already know the answer to just to see if someone will lie.
Omg omg omg and bothh follow us!!!!!! My life is now complete ;D....mara(:
"Personal foul on world peace." -update from an NBA game my son is following online.
Only All-state put their money where their mouth is...nobody protects you like All-State :)
we give 1/2 off to non-profits. & we don't pay for printing. sorry we can't give any away right now.
they could at least do it in a way it doesn't give away their demise
Montana you mean
“: haven't seen u on tv in a while, are u doin courtside or something soon?” back on trailblazers.tv tues @ noon
ACTORS AND ACTESSES MAKE TOO MUCH. MOST ARE VERY CONSCIENSOUS BUT THE TEMPTATION IS JUST TOO GREAT TO BUY 200 MILLION DOLLAR
she's adorable!
I believe the has been around for almost two years. I used to train BJJ. Still utilize warmup drills. You compete?
looking forward to bringing a lil bit of Detroit to this summer...
Justin bieber. RT : if you can guest the artist that's in my headphones right now ill S/O , first one gets the S/O hahah. GO !
Committed to cancer support and a good food fight: J. Bartolotta (Hon. chair) and (emcee extraordinaire).
and tonight!
When they assassinated the US President then his bother a Senator & Civil Rights Activists & student protesters
u aunt said nuttin but the truth!!! We gotta find a way.
They become permanently embedded in your calluses. You stop feeling them.
Interesting, to say the least.
be there in 10....
Hm. As quotes are dropped into docs, make em a diff color. Show original words vs quoted wrd ratio.
mhmm no problem (;
Come to think of it, all of the corporate people who would check-in monthly with us at Staples did look like pigs.
Considering his group is full of sexy dancers...well..full is the wrong word...has a few sexy dancers...
Sultry S.I.N.'s galore! Come in and get the first beer on US! $10.00 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries AND Beer. Kitchen open until ONE AM!
Raelene is in town! I'll make it up to everyone! I promise!
Sweet ending to limitless
okay for those of you who want to know what i really think check me out on huffpost 50+ ...under grannies on safari.
- wow, almost exactly the same stats...
shut up! Haaha jk but get a pic of him!
what you gonna do in miami? :)
if i cant help myself, i might as well help somebody else!!
when people will learn to no ask Mordac for permission before using a productive app? You'll always be pointed you to a hellish alternative.
I teared up during Buzz's speech.
is hiring like crazy. If you have mobile/consumer product experience and want to help take a pre-IPO company to the next level, please co…
what kind was he in the photo? james fucking dean!
Being bubble team means can't get school work done due to obsession whether RPI is high enough to keep season going
Do you have a Dumanis origin story coming out soon?
good luck at your game! are you playing?
yes but late. some of us have lives lol jk jk
Thx Steven - it was a wonderful bday weekend.
Prolly not as good as your gelato. :-)
OMG LOOK AT MY PRETTY NEW NAIL COLOR!
that tweet was made for us! lmao
that music videos gonna be "EPIC" bro I can't wait to truly see it!! =)
This comment would make you one of the people too afraid to laugh
“: Drop whatever you're doing, there's an adorable puppy walking this way. #MrGoodBoyfriend”
then what are you thanking me for?
[susan sontag] pear strange, the mar
haha yea man. Just take some time is all..
how do u get it? Twitter was illegal?! Y?!
Yes, hacked. I just changed my password. No junky juice for me!
Omg, me too. I need more girl friends and "girl nights."
I wish we could listen to music in my study hall..
Watch the segment about #africanorigins on CNN International's Inside Africa program this weekend!
I hate short text ..
I understand!
": actually excited that i cut myself shaving today cuz now i get to wear 1 of my new Disney Princess bandaids"How is the mustache?
made some great saved today.. They need something cuz its not that good when giggs is ur best player at his age
If Placido Polanco had played his entire career as a Brewer he'd be third on the franchise's all-time hits list, behind only Yount/Molitor.
thanks for the follow. I am following you back!
That's my plan. 5pm is an early tip but I am hoping to make it over.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 43
Going To The Mall For Just Me And Moma Fuqk Other People!
hm should we trade it for a land war in Asia?
how was it?? Btw we should face time now that I have my iPad
Is it okay to wash the martini shaker with the baby bottle brush?
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who shaped me as a mom.It takes a village!
I don't get it...why follow someone who has never tweeted...ever.
NEW SHOW announced! MARCH 9th at 12th and Porter .. opening for the Floorwalkers!
You say you never had it so good
wish you had been part of the party. You'd've loved it. A memorable occasion.
inbox me Da address
I mean, he is attractive..
This morning is at #1525NewtonStNW preparing a meal for our #homeless community members. See some1 in need? Tell them!
Forever is a long time. And i cant wait.
Never been afraid of anything. I've always stood up to anyone or anything with no fear. Im so scared now all of a sudden.
Morning Head , I NEED SME ;) Lbs
Great now the emergency room!
just woke up and i cant wait to go to bed
Hey Saam, we made a Twitter! Keep in touch.
Can't wait till I get my nephew
if you only knew that i love you.heres to everything coming down to nothing.
I love a man with a nice back...one of them sexy backs u can see all through the shirt
i'm kind of bored with twitter...
"Douche by Douchewest" #Conan - Can't believe we didn't say that a million times,
i feel my phone vibrating. when i see my phone - oh, there's no message coming in..
Ask if your heart is healthy enough for sex? I KNOW I'll die in front of porn and these Nazis will find out and tell my son.
Haven't talked to in a while lol
Just let me know
Excited to hear that!
Thats like...the WORST quote ever lol RT : Wherever you go, there you are. :D
#GIVEAWAY ends today at 3EST! Win our new poetry anthology BEAUTY IS A VERB. RT to enter.
i LOVE U SO MUCH(:
Yay!!! Got some excited news, now to prove myself
Getting excited for tomorrow! So many awesome concerts this week!
My biggest travel bag is full of dance clothes
there's an App for that! LOL
That was an awesome finale. I cant wait for it to come back now so we can find out what happened with Kono.
I i am good but not an angel i do sin but i not the devil i am pretty but i am not beautiful i have friends but i am not the peacemaker<3
~Walter Savage LandorThe only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not .
Practicing keys.
i wanna get kissed in an old telephone booth in the pouring rain .. too much to ask ?
trade tickets w someone!!
RT : RT : RT : A:General rule: The 3rd time youre answering someone, you better make sure theres a good...
Lol @ all these espn analysts changing their minds about the
CAPTAIN’S MOJO ~ captain morgan spiced rum, pureed peaches, mint, lime, soda water
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Conflicts Analyst for a law firm in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants must have a Bachelor…
Anyone have an idea or theory of why we have birds falling from the sky?
I hate when it rains and it ruins your plans..
Had a meeting at UVa & bore witness to frat, NCAA & St Pat's mayhem. Plus new #CataractCamp?
thank u! My pride and joys :)))
band related.
Awww, very sweet! Good luck! RT : How about 9? That's the date I married my sweetie... :)
I'll talk to you about it tomorrow :)
That awkward moment when you have no new tweets to look at so you resort to facebook
Dude this looks so good
thank you!! I'm very excited! :)
daycares take good care of our babies also balance is hard
Happy Monday, tweeps - I hope everyone has a beautiful day. :)
And you can always come by when there's a speaker you want to hear!
I can... I'm just that good DUH
4 days and counting
The Broncos... I trust Elway and Fox.. just surprised. Still can't believe your gone Eddie...
I love new Victorious more than old<U+2665>
We don’t know what we’re capable of, until we try. You can only make it if you try.
Cuz when the judge hit you with the time, wishing wont wash it away. I'm giving you the real.
Colorado Kings up 89 to 81 with 8 mins left in the 4th. Tough shooting night for Donald Whitfield.
Maybe they had too many beers before announcing the prize!
4 seats just opened up on our 6pm Pub Crawl thru Fells tonite! Call or email us to book them up! 443.956.6455
How much plastic surgery has Courtney Cox had?! Sheesh.
Fam Tip: In a Covenant marriage in AZ, a party seeking a divorce must allege fault such as adultery, abandonment, or both parties must agree
My husband said "i think Angelina Jolie is an amazing person" i asked why he said "ah i just do" sure Paul sure
And these days all the girls is down to roll #sororitylife loll
What are the chances of you guys touring in the US?
Happy Birthday to our good friend and partner Reggie Moore of the Center for Youth Engagement! Thank you for all of ur help!
My wife would kill me. She is already annoyed that i dont let hr fast forward thru polti ads on tv.
thanks to EVERYONE who participated in coding for a cause today. It was so incredibly awesome!
Watching Hercules in english class >
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Before it got dark we drove up to the mountains to play in the snow. Many shoe-shaped snowballs were hurled.
“: what did you think of here?” very cool!
"ok we're all going to rush to the front on the count of 3. K I'll follow you. No you follow me (repeat)" - every group of girls at concerts
We've been busy revamping closets this week...look for our updated blog, coming soon.
Thanks Red. I hope so too. Hope you have a wonderful Friday as well, and a great weekend. Enjoy.
": I think this is the first time i really, really piss Zaara off! Lmao!!!!"Omg u did not!!
Apparently in Angola, "I'm gonna nap" means "Please blast terrible rap music and try to play along on the banjo."
Thoughts are with the families and firefighters in 4 Mile Canyon.
um,it's wearing a bikini to cover up its private parts.
As a journalist, Andrew Noyes got at least 1 story idea a day from activity on FB.
I think I will bring 100 army men to count with or may b toe nail clippings lol
Celtics game last night was way more fun then this hangover
Lmfao , You Mad Bros ? (;
i hear you're bring me duffins this week..
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex .... NO TEETH!
#Nf thanks Doc Linda for the Follow! GOD Bless<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks for the RT!
By a #quick #showofhands who is on my level right now!
Nice! So Kyle, will you be decorating our office with that lovely image? Please? : )
Seriously, three picks from Illinois in top 44 picks? Ron Zook squandered a lot of talent in Champaign, didn't he?
Q: what will be your first priority on your first day in office?
You Me but the Me 3 weeks AGO.. CATCH UP!! #ThanX#
Dr. Sulayman Clark will speak about his novel on “free persons of color” who worked in favor of abolition on April 14 at 9:30 AM.
listening to a speech/presentation at 730. Want to listen to more, but I have to get out of my car! What is it so I can listen later?
Tomorrow im gonna start my new job i hope everithing goes well:)
Oh yes!!
Stop pain before it starts. Reduce the number of pillows you sleep on to diminish the strain on your neck muscles!
Welcome 2 our newest members, massage therapist Kristen Brooks Van Schelven & l/h/d insurance agents John Novi & Michael Fine!
This is the problem with the we have crazy people and geriatrics playing for us
I'm great! And you? Yes love that one! All peeps must put that in their mind and memorize it by heart! Cheers! :-)
No problem. Spotting stuff like that can be a blessing or a curse. Never know if it's helpful or annoying, but I mean well. :)
fun! We played pool, hung out. But it got real sausage fest and packed so we left at like 1.
that's a good thing. <U+E057>
LOL, I've posted that to Facebook before, love it!
How is it the middle of May already?
Louis is wearing some nice underwear today in Sweden!
I think he will. But if economy continues to stall, he may not get reelected.
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose. Michel de Montaigne
Look at my sandless sandbags the best ecofriendly product in flood control and organic garden watering.No sand required.contact me lets talk
8 more days of school.
I miss my babies
have fun in beta while I watch the walking dead!!!
#why90srocked cause I was a baby and had zero responsibilities!
Just make sure it doesn't poke anyone in the crowd in the eye.
How often do you think about the purpose of your life?
Its freezing balls in here!
The seniors just got kicked out of our class...
I'll be anywhere you want me to be baby. :)
Well, there goes Ron Paul's campaign....
#NP Mac Miller & Cam
Time to hit the #OreoPinata! Has anyone else tried the scrumptious birthday cake Oreos?
1. #Gambling 2. #Weddings. 3 Overpriced #Beers RT What do you think is an ULTIMATE waste of money??
Thank you!!! And you as well! :)
Slowly approach me dont stand to close to me, never beside or never behind me to many rivalz got me all paranoid cockin my metal toy
Here we go again, Tom. Now they went from tech to everyone. They won't be happy till they have it all!!
Can hear the booing behind Al
June 16 has been named "Recess at Work Day." Does anybody have plans for hanging out at the playground today?
Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh = My thought process.
what about a wacky buddy comedy with sad Bill Murray? Like a remake of "Cagney and Lacey" in drag or something?
#notfair P.S. Will miss you next week in Oklahoma City for Big 12 baseball. See you in June!
at Equity Office Going Green Earth Day event today 10am-1:30pm. Equity Office taking leadership position on recycling!
Fun night tonight Big ups to , , , , Mark Ellis and Luke Curry!
Great action on that Barca goal. 1-1 in El Clasico. Love it.
watching the explosion of KATU people on Twitter
RFT ! “: Why do all these guys go for younger girls ? Lmfao. 7th graders be baggin more niggas then me . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
That has me creaming right now!!! So imma check that out. It's on 3 acres and private beach entrance in the backyard!!
My #USATODAY #KindnessChallenge goal is to help help NYC public school students learn chess and life skills.
I so wanna be in degrassi! Haha. I can play the gay boy since marco graduated and riley is scared to come out!
give ur full thoughts n opinions on him.. read tweets n replys to me from las nite, wen I tweeted it.. N wat ppls opinions
where you at ? I do hair to !
Oh shit..... We have today.
It's so lovely and green! Lush and picturesque!! TY for sharing!!
Wow... I just looked and saw at least 20 times that people had Retweeted me. I'm Honored! THANKS EVERYONE!!!
Very cool stuff from Marci Harris
ill pick some up
aww thanks girl! How've you been?
I love me
Rock and roll you #makeithappen brother
#oomf think im playin wit him bout my peep show...he betta get into it nd cum swoop me so i can watch! Lmao
At #ncsl officials say that states leaving their exchanges to the feds should be careful since we don't yet know what theyll look like
Oh, well. Get em next time. Thanks. Go get a beer after that.
that's smart! And it's speedy to me - been seriously running for 1.5 yrs & I only go that fast for 5K races & speedwork :)
Yes you must have a very smart ass. I guess some people are just blessed with a very smart ass. Guess I wasn't :(
Ugh this child is retarded the hell she savage as Fuck lol
what word?
On my way to the doctors. );
HAS SWAG
Challenging entry level position! 65wpm and flexibilty to thrive in a dynamic environment! Order processing via tele and email.Call 881-3449
Consumer Demand for Wi-Fi Enabled Digital Cameras Increasing - MarketWatch (press release)
No one worry hipster hero just entered the room long bored in hand
gtg gonna go to bed.... love you guys...
I have a samsung admire. How can I get the 3g on.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Masa Of Echo Park - American (live updates)
#replacemovienameswithbacon "Super bacon";
Yoli stores are so cute. ^_^
LOL. I'm delirious over here.
What are you doing to thank or recognize your volunteers this week?
I would also add empathy and epiphany.
Im a party pooper today -.-
he wanted to know if i wanted to go out again, bc he had a great time. how did HE have a good time? i thought the suffering was mutual?
Occupy (learn from) LOVE
#JenniferHudson nailing it!
#ala11 #ud11 what's the cost of having metadata (vocabularies for subjects and names!) from many sources that doesn't play together well?
enjoy your new kettle!
Iff people got the time to talk shit about me it's because they got nothing better else to do but talkin shit about me they love me LOL:']<U+E022><U+E327>
In English with (:
sub ts girl here now..still working as sissi boi for now.
fuck it, get drunk
nope! Only cause you gotta share:)
My life is going great ! Happier then ever ! Think its cuz she came into my life. Not mines yet but hopefully it will happen soon <3
I am who i am and that is how it will remain!
Hey there. The students applied some great lessons from Greenville about what Chicago/Englewood might do to improve. THX!
ha!... I remember the movie FLUBBER staring Robin Williams, well I'm get the Greenish/Yellowish ones, SO I can DOING!! DOING!!. DOING!.. lol
Have you HEARD the soundtrack to The Wedding Singer??? Golden. Drew Barrymore is pretty hot too.
Aaron Rodgers says he wants 2 act on TV. Thoughts on roles? Robyn's love interest on HIMYM? How mad would that make Vikings-loving Marshall?
Hey , they have green chili at #TheCounter on sunset!! Just had it on my turkey burger!
Going to sleep! I'll be up at noon!
The wish for healing has always been half of health.-Lucius Annaeus Seneca
nothing like some good 90's music!
: Hoping our beleaguered Los Angeles commuters will b able 2 get 2 their destinations safely. Stress on the road increases danger.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.~ Theodore Isaac Rubin
thank you!
Michale Graves... Myke Hideous... Zoli from Ignite... the singer from Creed... Corky from Life Goes On... a trained lama...
RIP JoePa? What's going on at #psu?
I'm with you dude
Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you
playing with my new fascinate
what are we talking about here?
Brian Halligan, co-founder and CEO of HubSpot
Forgot #sonsofanarchy is on tonight....heck yes
=] thank you
Everytime I make a good beat in the studio I yell "Flocka". Habitual raging! Flocka!!!!!
All I got to say is GIANTS Defense!!!!!!
Monitoring the #HB927 situation in the LA State Legislature very closely. Looks to be another unwarranted attack on SUS
My trainer is the only man I trust.
#BIEBERINTHEVOICE excited about performing in !!<3
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
What you do speaks louder than what you say
Sorry of the wait, did you enjoy the show? :-)
Hey thx for the follow, I'd love to show you our #cloud application platform, it seems to be a good fit for your data integration
Maybe I would when actually accomplishes something of intellectual value other than cheap political hit jobs.
2 yrs in a row we have a RHP in Finals who turned down 1st rd money in MLB draft! Is that what it takes now?!
ewwww, so not appetizing.
something smells fishy oh yeah your salcasim!!!!!!!
NO GRIND NO SHINE!!!!!!!!! WORK HARD PLAY HARD!!!!!!!!! IT GOING DOWN THIS WEEK At the King Of Diamonds
Happy New Year ;) <3
noo not yet..i'm going to italy but i will be home in like 2 weeks! and we are getting everyone to go out for it too!
that's funny ! Such a fun age ;)
Save tonight, and fight the break of dawn. Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone.
When we get around to making our "Press" page, this is going to be a pull quote. RT Box wine and episodes
: So true! I read the first ten pages last night and was hooked. I couldn't put it down!
"There it is your moment of zen" Stewart “: do u 2 work in city hall or @ a Zen Buddhist retreat?”
it's to make up for hours we didn't use over the last for years. So I agree why even use them now.
well,there is no need to say that! HAHAHA
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. - Orison Swett Marden
It's ok. Today I was turned on by the Washington Monument.
Watching Dollhouse for the 1st time. I'm disturbed that the premise is the LEAST disturbing part of the show. Its like Whedon took a holiday
When i think of of you.. I think about 17. I think about my old jeep. I think about the stars in the sky.
Gates about to drop on 450 class.#supercross speed channel
"Theme Music" by D.A.P available at Rasputin and BestBuy or online everywhere. Try www.cduniverse.com
We need more GSM carriers in the USA. If Att gets their way, there will be only 1 in the USA. Such BS... Bo!
Thanks to PT Lovern for entering your award winning beer with fresh hops from Simple Earth Hops in the recipe.
5 more minutes ^.^
Just took a piss
Hey, #Milwaukee! will be here Friday & I can't go. Who wants my tix? :( C'mon, brew city..help me out!
Now I'm just somebody that you use to blow.
RT : Congrats to for having the #1 book at barnes & noble!
Nice! More for general public, not fans from Cleveland. Solid job against C's last night for Kyrie. Def rookie of the year.
Headed to the beach with some bitch beers.
I hate how we start these quarters... Cmon dawg! Do your job!
My bff and I have been sleeping and watching movies al day. LOL
Exactly. Lot of that, in my opinion. Words r power and specially on line, make instant enemies/friends
With my boothang (:
And the winner is...........you will find out in 3 minutes!
I thought this whole growing up thing was suppose to happen after high school? Not now.
Catching up on the older episodes of Love this show!!!
send some my way
Sorry, our timing was thrown by today's changed schedule.
You're welcome sis, God bless you :)
$2.50 Tuesday! 1/4lb Beef, and Polish Beef today. Also Roasted Red Pepper, Jalapeno, Vegan Sausage. Strawberry chocolate Brownie
Looking like I'm staying in!
Sweep Boston so we can sweep you
lol I know I love that movie
Holy generic comment about the great weather Batman!
I wonder what Amy N Amiee are doing right now.
Weird side effect to your MIRROR, MIRROR review: characterization of IMMORTALS as "gonzoid" made me want to see the film.
Ah I misundertood.... I thought you meant you were seeing a 2nd screening for yourself....hopefully its a good choice
RT This is one frustrated #sportingkc side right now.
RT : At the Meijer in Carmel for interview w/ to discuss IndyExpressBus and gas is $4.17 this AM. Ride
Our big secret revealed - Fun 4th Fireworks will move to + '11 artwork revealed. Check it out www.funfourthfestilval.org!
Walking to conv center for a #wmc panel. Heard Countdown blaring from 6 diff cars & shops so far and im only at 14th.
Another Twitter special! $5 off when you buy at least two items at supermaggie booth 3! Tell them you saw it on Twitter
"Make no mistake - Urge onward - Lessons learned - Live longer." ::constantines::our age::
I've really been excited to see it. glad you liked it and looking forward to it even more!
I found an shirt in my closet that I don't wear anymore... RT this & follow me and I'll pick a random by Monday to get it :)
I don't need a man to take me out. sometimes it just nice to go alone B-)
if you're as excited for WBC as we are hit retweet!
ICONicBoyz are gonna be on Shakr It Up September 9th !!!!!!!!!!!AH(*running around the house screaming *)
lol how was ur mothers day
Nice blog
I had my drkrm in my bathroom before, but the room was pretty big. Need room for a card table minimum, plus rm 4 u
Curtis Mayfield playing during #Scandal rocked my world thanx
Fall Frenzy Family Day is here! (and what a fall day, indeed!) Come on down for the fun! Free with admission.
Rebelution announced Florida dates with The Expendables and Passafire yesterday.
Category 4-K winner is Brian Hotter WTMJ
I watch the magic school bus every night...
RT : Shout out to one of the REALEST DJS IN THE GA #SALUTE We riding wit cha
I wanna suck you AND your dad.
Profits on the exchange are the treasures of goblins. At one time they may be carbuncle stones, then coals, then diamonds, then flint...
I just wanted to say hi. Hi!
should I click? Have you been hacked?
Some days end up better than you expect.
You do realise that you'll never get that time back don't you...
At airport w Mac West sharing SuperShuttle. Shuttle filled w #AAM2012 attendees.
has to be the toughest in the state without a doubt
Isn't that the stuff breastmilk is made of?
ridiculousness is the best show on mtv wait bevis and butthead is back lol
Im so mad that i got this job cause i have to wait till they open, nd thats at the begining of summer... Wtf type shit is that?
It's hard to win when you're playing two opponents
Get some traction first, then fold us in. Super excited!
Thanks for the follow, Shania! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
do you want me to send you the radio edit/instrumental/acapella for my hip-hop recording artist precise single "it's on me"
4:30am truly is an unholy hour.
ill give u some tips on how to do that lol
cant stand when someone asks over & over to talk to me or hang out & when i finally make time, they make other plans. ughhhfsxh so annoying.
beautiful u kno kobe the greatest
One hell of a weekend Happy to be home, but already planning the next trip back.
Im gonna tweet cheesy pick up lines to austin
What are you reading this weekend?
has been in Nashville for a year and he says "I still suck at directions"
check youtube
I would support any mahomie!
learning about productivity tools, cool stuff!
just got contacted by aliens. \mn/
So, I gave in to twitter. & Now I dont know how to use it :)
i Walked Naked Through A Townhouse Community Yesterday With A Sign That Said "i Rock Out With My Cock Out". ^_^
Study of the Day: The Kind of Pride That Leads to Prejudice
is a freakin ripoff. They'll buy a $50 book for $1.25, then sell it for half the original price. Very disappointed.
wanna come to a marlins game? its in cleveland tho !
Everybody goin to the 2012 Spring Fling Festival you have til Saturday, May 12th to buy your tickets !!! HMU ASAP !!!!
Ryan Reynolds in The X-Files... completely forgot about that.
#RedSox note from yesterday: 1B Mauro Gomez made #MLB debut as defense replacement. He is 10-year pro vet, recently spent 2yrs w/ ATL.
THANK U!
Yes or no, do you tweet? Do you find it helpful?
Someone should dedicate a twitter that tweets the bio-lines from Spam-bot twitter accounts.
hehe yep, it's been locked and i can't logged in :/ hey sist, text to my new number.. kkay? :D
Looks like the vermin leftist scum that haven't done a damn thing good for this country are coming out against Gen. Stanley McChrystal.
“: Bring the heat.” Not a problem.
Finally I had a full nights rest. Prayed before sunrise. Went back to sleep and woke with a beautiful day before me. I'm so thankful.
Thanks bro
My life is in the hands of any fool who makes me lose my temper. - Joseph Hunter
Youtube -" Shae G "
I just saw a panda bear in space.
#manningtodenver “: Mario Williams gets a six-year deal from the Buffalo Bills.”
do crappy weekends always end on time? I hope Jeff made it off the mountain with his girls. C u mañana.
Good point about student resistance to e-textbooks. It's true pubs have to do it right. DRM causes problems. 1/2
but that means a new album will come out soon!!! yeeee cant wait<3
Thanks for the kind wishes everyone!
I know. He is adorable! He is Billy and Peyton's dog :)
whats good fam, u going to ciaa/promoting any parties there. yours truely & considering stop'n thru the tar heel state!
i made three notecards yesterday and had to stop
I'm good for tonight or tomorrow night. 9ET?
there is a time in your life when u find the reason you get up every morning, im glad i found mine a while ago and im so thankful.
man I've been following you too long. I coulda called almost that whole thing.
lol.. What u doing??
happy birthday homie!
oh ...well im going to Church ....ill pray for you to have a good time... :D im such a good girl
Good Morning TYVM!
love your commentary on
RT : Do u have a clear marketing plan? Or are you just pretending to have one? Clarity is visible to those you promote yourself.
It's my duty, to please that booty!
Re post: Museums too often offer what's NOT wanted. Where do you see the best/worst match of expectations/offerings?
Me too! Can't get enough of it!
Staples has unexpectedly become a place of wonder and desire. I have no idea why, but I want ALL the office supplies.
Ice cream & movie night with my favorite boys!!! Yay
TY for the follow! :-)
Good running today for those participating in the May the wind be at your back!
Putting my ipod on shuffle and skipping songs. . .
Thanks for the shout-out!
have a great time w/ your bf- hope to see u next time I'm I'm ATl !
Wings at Flans!!!
Mizzo is my team.Former Ram on the squad.Don't want to see him end his senior year like this...But would be glad it was NSU get a tourny win
Liam Payne only has one working kidney.
It's a good idea to limit baby's exposure to people who are sick for first few months, and have all visitors wash hands before holding baby.
aw that's so romantic! good luck!
Now Wackie Jackie Z and Mrs.Wackie are giving away tickets to"The King Of Honkey"! I love them! I wish they would adopt me.
RT : In our power to think about something differently lies our greatest power to make it different.
On Twitter I find solace in being a contributor of anti-trends
Reminds me of a friend complaining about an unrealistic rifle in Muppets Treasure Island. I answered...
you don't want it..just ask RT : Dying to have a Super Smash Bros. tourney this weekend.
haha at least I'm entertaining!
Shannon Doherty is the new #EducationConnection spokesperson. Guess her life isn't so "Charmed" these days.
Life's a Bitch, Now Die for her.
#3WordsForYou America Can't Vote
dont worry, Noah is getting a BMW instead.
Without enthusiasm you are doomed to life of mediocrity, but with it you can accomplish miracles. ~ Og Mandino
Yeah, everyone who has come out so far said my house is high risk for termites and they won't treat it. It's very frustrating!
There aren't any Animation Series 1 anywhere at DTD, which leads me to believe they aren't anywhere on property.
I mean WORDS WITH FRIENDS
Omg i just seen like a ghost busters car thing. It was so cool.
Mr. Mature, do you always have to speak in order not to be understood?
im great, but staying busy in Joynes. Hopefully I'll see you during orientation 2 later this week.
I've listened yo you and downloaded some of your music. Really good! I can't wait until you come out with more
thank you for helping celebrate #foundersday your inspiring words and presentation were greatly appreciated.
just checking
Tickets for the Night of Chocolate are on sale in the Brooks Lounge! Stop by and get yours for just $8
Do I have to go to school tomorrow?? If I see his face I might punch him!! If u like me and say u want me don't go around kissing every girl
People with IPads don't call them "tablets," IPads are way classier than that. I don't know what those other things are, Ghetto I guess.
Other Desert Cities was great! Unexpected twists. Loved seeing it w/ &
yes same day as my voting registration, when I was in DC they gave me a tour of her congressional office. I love her too
Don't think I am not headed there to enter!! Miracles do happen!
it sounds about 100% more interesting than this degradation of the English language...
Thirsty? Head over to the Orange Iguana today for #happyhour! 2 for 1 drinks and 50% off select appetizers!
My twin and I out for a girls night playing some on our way to the club! Memories!!
Blah bored as hell and can't fall asleep :/
Been waiting for this al week!! Weekends....oh yeah..
You know, chillin in the road listening to country while it rains at the baseball game <U+E414><U+E04B><U+E13D><U+E049>
Spot On - as told by employees! RT : A2: Employer brand should embody a diverse culture with singular common purpose.
Austin friends: anyone wanna help me out and give me a ride home from the airport. In Minneapolis. It'll only take a few days.
Don't forget to head to FIU's Engineering Ctr TOMORROW for the #InternationalSpaceAppsChallenge, sponsered by MiamiShared!
They don't call it "Perfect" oatmeal for nothing. Starbucks Oatmeal>Bagel.
Yes I do.
Is anyone registering people to vote?
got get them tickets them tickkets :-)
--- SMI cannot repair the economy nor Hotel and gas prices. As far as facilities more fan friendly than any others.
If you woke up tomorrow and only had the things you thanked God for yesterday, What would you have?
Look at how she walk like a rich girl look at how she talk like a rich girl
We are starting the panel with the review of application #120011 - Arts United of Greater Fort Wayne.
mm sounds amazing! Domaine Serene Pinot Noirs are the absolute best!
The Happiest People In The World
you got me way too excited with that tag for dimitar, tell him to twitter up already
I hate this class. So much. #headache &
lol you know it
*~when Diggy comez backz to Detroit ima have to get backstage *cough* mke it Music Hall i got my connections dere :P lmao~*
perfect waffle weather!
Really good stuff, indeed!! I wish I could have made it to the concert.
Robin thicke is a beautiful man
It's Friday! Time to get
He tries I promise
Opening Day at 7pm for the . I will be there
Teaching Generation M is filled with"compelling arguments, definitions, and theories," according to the Journal of Academic Librarianship.
Toby can't do me nothing, I'm covered by the blood!
Oh.. They had to change a flat tire. That's why the plane was delayed. Not feeling safe...
Thank you so much!
J also allergic to: pea, strawberry, beans, sunflower, oat, corn, flax, safflower, egg, PN, TN, canola, beef, pork, dairy, soy, sesame, etc
I liked Nick Cannon better when he was doing 12 jobs he wasn't good at..opposed to just one...
I would run out of balls... Haha
Anything that deals with cognition, e.g. Cognitive Psych or an Ed Psych program that includes cognitive theory.
this was out first trip w/out the kids it was nice been 3 yrs even if it was to a convention
RT : Rain cleared up here at #wistatefair! Come on down!
Clean car! Now install carseat!
i love your cubs T in the march madness video on 2 big bald guys! how'd u end up a cubs fan in SD?? #GoCubs!
RT people u guys have to admit that u guys havent seen a talented kid like
And he's dragging into it RT : So much trouble for R friend Nicolas 2day...
well thank ya :)
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
Home! The zoo was okk
I stayed at work till it was over. Came to kristens. Felt like it would be more safe then my house.
Never was the type to accept a handout...thats just not my steez!
I played around with Wix yesterday to do major project animation--how does it compare to iMovie?
Trivia Night - Every Tuesday starting at 8:00PM
Im blue is the best hands down
Oh, didn't recall that it was your 1st!!!! RT Commence first half marathon.
I would hope not.
Success always has four seasons. What's important is that you never stop planting seeds and expecting the harvest.
Andrea, thank you for the RT!
..going out 2nite!!, gonna shake it right!!, gonna pay the price, cause i work in the morning........
Welcome looking forward to working together some day.
I'll get off of the computer in 5 minuets..
U n jeezy need to do da remix cuzzn lol me n devon said yall sound alike
thanks for the RT!
Peoples loves to watch fights and talk about it. But when they get in a fight,they get mad when people gossip about it and give evil stares.
7pm, you in?
No. MT Be it TDAmeritrade or Schwab, the account application/transfer process via fax is archaic. Any custodian do it better?
Legends Award Artists are bringing their art in... truly speechless! Y'all are not going to believe Barbara's piece by Mary Catherine Floyd!
aye bro that dope as fuckk
Very good to hear librarians speaking up at #THATCamp AHA
Watching Tough Love !
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>I'm sure someone here on twitter would love a kitten that cute have you posted a pic yet? Want me to?
why's that?
After working my ass off it feels great just to chill and relax. Can't wait to see my best friend tomorrow night!!
I know but know you have me, Haylee and Kelsey :)
So cool! Do you present, watch videos, or something else?
lol it does, wasn't trying to
rolls eyes. Good luck organizing without the net.
hear, hear! and using white lies no matter the reason is still unacceptable in any aspect of life.
trying to write a paper on "are you saved?" can you tell me how those words affect you? i will use any perspective. thanks!
I dont need tupac on my phone but the hologram thing is what I NEED!!!
I'll give you most of my trust like a deposit, choose how to spend it wisely
Meeting with was incredible, I learned a great deal from this innovative Ed. Administrator, the NMHS faculty and students.
A show at Greene Street along with Shadows of Regret and None of the Above in the works for around the beginning of summer!
okay, I'll try my best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> lol
Sick as fuck! I need sleep..lord help me!
reminds me of the post linked to on hacker news a few weeks ago about mechanical turk stations for the urban poor
Why #EnduraPet? We treat our pets with as much care and devotion as we would treat our children - and we know you feel the same.
To everyone that sent us a dm about collab, work, etc: in january we will call you. Tex is locked up till then.
I love Landon Michael Castronovo with all my heart:) I love you babe<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Blue Valley North IS open. I drove thru their parking lot. No flooding issues. Have fun at school kiddos.
Is ,My Dream Destination " <3
RT : “Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader?”– I don't know about you, but I didn’t learn that stuff in fifth grade.
i can say wat i want jivon! how bout yu take care of yur damn baby instead splurgin at the mall!
I prefer to be referred to as "Awesome dude with a huge endowment, if you get what I mean."
March 1999... Baseball great Joe DiMaggio dies
OMG those pictures of your nephews wedding were absolutely beautiful. Love the blending of two cultures....
It's a Distraction Free Friday! RT if you will put the mobile device aside focus on the drive.
Amen to that!
what's the biggest Rifle you own?
So I made a Frangelico Chocolate frosting yesterday & used it to top my moist chocolate cupcakes which I brushed w/Navan... #NDulge!
i love me some bowling too!
What is unique about you...and how can you brand this? Jerry Toomer
Public schools rock.
Today the editor cut a scene in post that I loved..I almost cried...it's for the best #508epic I will have a
Thanks. I'll ping my editor to see what he can do.
No nap today.. Going to the mall instead
he siad yes
I imagine that yes is the only living thing
Time to get rid of this old jacket. Got more holes than a getaway car.
GIVE HER THE ACCOUNT BACK IT AINT FUNNY WHY DO YOU THAT SH*T!!!!!!!!???????
Happy Monumental Monday!!! Go to monumentalmarathon.com and use the discount code tweet for $5 off!
Swimsuit shopping :)
Still don't get why we targeted Abreu & Damon but not Vlad & Derek Lee, guess we gotta wait for a new "no lefties allowed" MLB rule
Wait, a #Reds fan calling #Brewers fans hillbillies??? Pot meet kettle.
Tfw. (That f***ing Will.)
Hey, I know a couple of those guys.
I turn 20 in a few months so I want a rock opera not just a birthday song this time around...
you already know fam. We get it in soon, I'm stationed in LA now, had to GO pro wit it ya know.
Dinner now with my parents at Houston's. Spinach and Articoke Dip :)
1st day of classes @ Lehigh. More music biz teaching. The New School starts nxt wk. More mus biz & Sibelius (luv that app). I luv teaching.
Looks like I'll be revisiting old stomping grounds soon- a pleasant surprise, and a blast from the past.
Great show the other night! Thanx to those in pine bush who came out! Hope to see u soon!
The #lunchspecial tomorrow is our attempt to channel our inner Brit... fish & chips! Only $6.50 & available for lunch & dinner.
love u:)<3 I'll always be here:)
Ok Last one! Just like yeast I'm sure you'll rise to the occasion. Oh man this is WAY more productive than writing a new sketch.
"Being sick is so fun!" - Things nobody says
thanks Tarah! Good luck with your tournament! Let me know how you and Kaitlin did.
One of the worst days in awhile. I'm about to make dinner and try to turn it around!!
Let's #GoBlackhawks let's go
Adapting to ones environment, or the demands of a situation, is essential for a successful outcome.
#BGCReunion Camilla sure as hell got mouth ... With fists to back it up . Cnt say the same for everyone else lol
LMAO!! NO YOU DON'T LOL": I want a babymomma"
true love is your soul's recognition of its counterpoint in another.
15 pages. Go.
Make sure you check-in on #SportingExplore! Let's do this!
"Birds flock, but eagles fly." ~ Solomon
“: Let me take a nap.....I need some ORBIT for this POTTY MOUTH of mine” lol
DONE! :D
But I am interested in what you found while rummaging...does it have ears, I've always been curious
Power outage delays good for Niners, by the time they play again Ben's pain killer will have worn off
Chalmers redeeming himself. Refs picking on Wade lol
Thanks for following! and we have a very common interest. Home-canned sweet&sour jalepenos are my most recent favorite!
I was gonna congratulate you in person but you disappeared! Don't you have more bands to play in!
Yeah BITCH, call me Steve-O
thank you to my new followers Legggoooo for the $$$$
": got woken up so many times this morning my poo baby"thanx to ppl textin u at the crack of dawn
Just got the iPhone 4s and I love it.
what's up!
Breaking News: Osama bin Laden is dead. President Obama will address the Nation in minutes...
When you're hitting and everybody's cheering and you go down looking and feel like you let everyone down
When I met you last night baybay!
that use of the word earns you questionable followers...and lots of them.
You can go die over for that one.
#impracticaljokers Watch this awesome show!!Come on people, if we keep the ratings up they'll be back for a second season! Tune in tonite!:D
only thing is im sure they want a first next year or atleast I would being browns are always in top ten
I would really (really) like an all orange commuter series case for iphone 4!!
Terrible shot selection for Ohio in this overtime
You know your Austin coffeeshops. Hehehe.
when you coming again?
you got it! You're going to hate me, I'm so close that I'm giddy and can't control myself!
"You are what you fail to automate" #usinno => What haven't you automated? Standardized?
But your website IS very [positive attribute]! :D
thats terrible. now i'm trying to figure out if you ever messed up my name in the past..... lets hope not. hah
Finished a delicious #sobelmans burger and now off to hear James Foley speak
Snow tomorrow or just media hype?
killed it.!!!! I was close to tears.!!!
UNLV was discussed, team can reapply and SLC can pass judgment, Campo still banned, same with Eric Jones, 2 year ban for him
Honestly what they probably meant was SEO/keyword-laden copy
GM TWEEPS "Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back'. ~Arthur Rubinstein~
My detailed outline of book #2 is due in 7 weeks and here I am online. I'll yell at you if you yell at me.
Come to think of it, every childhood movie I remember was saturated with sadness & loss!Brave Little Toaster, Edward Scissorhands, Lion King
Have fun! RT Time to hit the
Have you ever read a really long article about something really important (now its stuck in your brain as the right thing) and then find ...
surely that's all for publicity.
Thanks for giving me a heart attack...
Who sends anything besides an email anymore? I toss even the best made mail.
In the aftermath of today all that can be said on this end is GO BRONCOS!!! #SuperBowl 2012
Good Morning! I'm heading off to my other job now. Have a great day!
....might want to test it on the chimp first.
People: #YOLO Cats (including Buttercup): YOLNT -- You Only Live Nine Times
ASSA ABLOY has acquired Frameworks Manufacturing Inc, a US manufacturer of interior aluminum frames and doors.
thanks for the follow.hope you enjoy our songs.
Listening live
<~~~~ Refer to him as el diablo
#sschat I think that would be a great way to go!
I can't believe u just now adding me shame on u lol
: #studio now. focus
Not too late to buy a ticket!
Earnings Before I Tricked the Damn Auditors - they said.
Weekend was really good. Had a good day, also. Actually excited for bed.
Mystic spirituality is an invitation to be transformed by God so that we that may continually learn to love ourselves & all others.
and should really audition for #ABDC . .!
''sometimes when i'm alone I just like to cuddle'' -Fezz
wouldn't doubt it
lol yes i agree
I always need my Chapstick
"Alexander Chee's new novel is practically a Maoist fantasia"--GW Bush
All my bff's who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
#HappyMothersDay from your friends at
I miss you !!
Call it in the air.
Sitting on my bed listening to my grandma tell the story about how she and my grandpa met at 16..
I think #mla and #aha should have joint custody of you. Equitable custody, that is. Every 5th yr you go to
When girls are crying over a guy, then I see the guy. The fuck you crying for, that nigga ugly af lmao.
I'm realizing I have little desire to "work the system." I'd rather see it completely demolished and remade as something more constructive.
I KNOW OMG. They all say that a lot of makeup won't impress them,.... well I need makeup in order to look... human.
I just made a loan to a woman in the Philippines using a website called Kiva (www.kiva.org). Microlending, small steps to a better world.
#BestLeapEver espn2 is the best leap ever, world, love the channel, watching it none stop!
Yes. “: When it comes to procrastination, resistance is futile #writing”
Walked in to school and as I opened the door, an orchestra was playing!! I love school.
If you do squats while eating chips do they cancel each other out?
I was supposed to be writing, but instead I'm falling asleep on my keyboard. HATE #work. It makes me functionless.
thank you sir! No gametrackers for this game... all we have is a big east page that refreshes every 5 minutes lol
Good morning and it actually is.
Google isn't indexing your Tweets anymore - but DOES index tweets sent via our DC area content network..contact KME for more info...
This is gonna be fun
Friday was fucking great! Amazing performancein MIAMI although Idk what happen with the cops XD good job guys
hold it right there. I need to get some popcorn. Then you can continue.
I'm going to take a shower & go to sleep now. peace
she like i cant fill my legs im like bitch me neither !!
How're your Holidays going so far??? Check out some exciting event tickets by calling us now at: 888-493-0004
as I was typing that last tweet, email came in for "the most unforgettable event"
Something I missed- #RandomHouse plans to up prices March 1st to e-audiobook levels. I fear we are about to be priced out
that was the time that no one really knew the band.
Enjoying my Birthday Cake :) Yesterday was my birthday!!
Friday is a good day for to kick my ass. Ready to sweat.
Red Loft erupts as Carlson scores!
Woohoo! Happy Friday!
I do this shit for fun.
man hell yeah I do.
Thanks for the RT !
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
55 minutes past my appointment and still waiting.
Absolutely agree, every game is important for them here on out, they need to continue to figure it out and get it together
Does actually train on their products?
Finding out 30 minutes with someone new changes perspective on 7 months of wasting your time.
I was wondering if there was a chance of you someday implementing a way to disable/enable the Void fog?
Why don't most English Soul singers sing with an English accent? Singing accent: American. Speaking accent: English... ???
Just melts face all day.
Are the earbuds included/built in to the hoodie??!
Friday 5/13 at 5PM, join Bella Vite at for an E&J Gallo wine tasting! Local artists (ex: Psychodots) will also be performing
Boom roasted.
That´s why I never want to wake up, the alarm always rings at the best moment of my dream!
Just scored some cheap Van Halen tickets on Stubhub!
Damn I miss my lil man so much. Can't wait to talk to him later!!!
I love your twittering! Risky, mindful, flirty and refreshing.
shit, good enough for me
I wanna know who did a jello shot in the bathroom last night!
i made a regurgitation joke at work today. is that okay?
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Whoa Cool Thanks! But I knew that!! ;>)
Quote of the Day: Stop in this week for a refreshing Mint Shake in honor of St. Patrick's Day!!!!
:( it'll come eventually.
Just saw Beauty & the Beast in 3D. Think should cover that & all Disney tunes
On the agenda today - DC Cupcakes, shopping in Georgetown and a big NYE dinner!
When there is always that loud, annoying dad that has to "whoot" during the breaststroke events..
4 hours and 6 bags later, my closet, drawers and shoes are finally organized. Cried a little putting some items the bags:(
Thanks, Robert! RT : Follow Wednesday:
I also believe these pictures will be instrumental in showing kids where baby spacecraft come from.
Sure, but it's very short. I don't have to compel. I just have to ask court for the OSC.
"nasty good" ha ha must be doing some awesome stuff!
Thanks for following me
Ha, true, southeast part of the county, near the Alafia River... funny how some parts of FL are tropical-country-ish.
can you confirm you are hosting game 1 on Friday night?
I just got back from Key West, so I should be home everyday for the rest of my life :>
we were :( just for a hot second. we'll have to get together next time.
I hate writing bio statements.
thanks, love it too
Biggest gripe with Fallon: too g-rated, corny. Conan is best at absurd/awkward. Kimmel’s delightfully dark at times
It's What Would You Rather Wednesday & we've got lunch in mind. Would you rather eat BBQ or Country fried foods for the rest of your life?
RT : PROUD FAN of my La Lakers!!! What a second half!!!
Happy Casual Friday to the BEST Morning News Crew.
very good news - but alternatively many peoples lives have been turned upside down in the last 48 hours
i haven't seen hide or hair of my glasses in two weeks :(
Ch.10 Restitution
Goodnight Twitter.
Durant's point guard is a perrenial all star & hrden would be if he started.
no she doesn't!
: That's good advice back at me , Steve:-)
A sincere thank you to all the men and women who have served and sacrificed for our great country!
Time to put in hard work and be success driven starting tommorow
That kid is amazing. When he runs inside the box and does teh tickets... unbelievable.
i don't think the corporations understand and/or care. :(
Um. Has anybody read the book *Werewolf Smackdown?* I mean, it features a Latino vampire detective. How can it not be good?
Hey Ray. Its Wynne! Thanks for the boxes. How are ya? I wanna ask u a Q. via email. what is it? Im gettin rid of dead weight!
": I've decided that what makes a fan is wanting what is best for the team." that makes you a GM
I just posted my first pic... and yes we do
Doomsday interpretations of Dec 2012 are the result of contemporary visions of the apocalypse. But, what were the Maya communicating?
Dem witness is from Farm Bureau too; no #health experts, no #childlabor experts. Result: #ag industry interests represented-childsafety not
Good morning love my life in ths person n it mwah
TGIF! Less than 1% of the women in the world will ever be able to wear one of these??
Please follow me(; 16
Radelet: "African Democracies, having an election in Africa does not mean it is a democracy."
Thanks for the follow Kolt! New album #Authenticity is coming soon, stay tuned!
RT : We are the first team in world sports to pass 5 million Twitter followers. Thank you for your support!
Darn twitter virus
Reminder, we are having an Arch's ice cream social, this Thursday (tomorrow) from 3-4pm! All are welcome!
researching recipes Mary-Louise Parker can eat
#I love Chicago:))so happy to finally be here:))
Those hand cut fries were such a surprise! And hot chocolate w sprinkles made a five year old's day. :)
LOL I love Dallas, don't get me wrong. But I miss my family too much! So yes, in about a year, I'm outchea. LOL
hey man... gonna be on Hilton head for vacation in July. We should hook up play #golf and
yes....me and my Twitter account are having some major issues today :( ugh. Juggling too much
Have any of you seen Class of 1984 in 35? If so, I'm beyond jealous...
Hahaha(: I Am Soo Bored Of My ITTYYY BIITTTYY Apartment So, I Am going to The Mall With My Frraannddss(: Maybe Post Pics(:(:
Thought Hunger Games would be corny as crap, but turned out to be a really good movie!
whoa ru having a baby?!
No tulips. Milk at the Admiral Twin instead!
wasn't the omg girlz there? Too
Congrats Kevin your upcoming #WMU graduation
follow follow follow... me... please...(:
The best friends I could ask for
RT : Join Alvarez & Marsal for the 2012 Payments Think Tank Event in Atlanta on March 29th.
I'm not happy about this!!
who well that's cool so where u from?
thanks. I'll be in the lobby!
On tools... RT : Steve King: multiculturalism "a tool of the left" to "pit us against each other"
Or a woman.... RT : Brady Quinn is at Carmines at Penn. You'd have to be an ND fan to understand.
Great! Can't wait to hear fro you!
“ Stuff we did in high school most likely won't affect how we run a country.”
there is a huge difference in sound between the two! Im a good 20 ft away and still annoying as hell!
Winter is really trying to get a foothold on the area! Little does it know; Colonials will heat things up this month!
you too! Haven't seen you in a while!
Tristan; that should be me..holdin your hand. That should be me, makin you laugh. That should me, this is so sad..that should be me...</3..
GROUPON Alert!!!! Get em' before they are gone!
The next person that auto-tweets their location from Foursquare is getting punched in the neck.
You bet! I'd love to connect you with the lead contact from the U of L women's center.Shall I have her contact you?Best way?
Awesome Job!! Caucus Time!!!
Thanks so much! We hope you get in as well and can call you a Golden Flyer come this September!
shoot. Can't find it.
Gonna take a shower. Be back later guys!!! :) xox
I'll go crazy cartoons is my best friend. PBS any others
They mine as well, right? Working from home can't be a bad thing anyhow for all parties involved.
When my mom calls me for PC tech support, it's like she doesn't understand English. "Mom ... the file's on your desktop!"
If you are not watching UNC - Ohio turn on the TV now!
Great discussion of mentorship vs sponsorship at work whether formal or informal.
Birthday in 3 days...not even hyped cuz my parents arent acknowledging it at all lol
RT I should clarify that by "everyone" I just mean Eddie, Ricky, and now Jeremy. I'm not a whore or anything.
Ugh These shotts are really getting to me guise !! Idk iff imma be able to post part 5 today? :/
Thanks Chicago,for making my 1st afternoon back feel like I'm still in Houston
Ugh...this rain...are u serious.
#np can you feel it- The Jacksons mike went to church on em this whole soong!!
I LOVE YOU!
I just got jelly pumpkins, gummy candy corn, and candy corn pumpkins. Halloween is delicious.
Some pictures from Hawaii (Dec 2011) | travels and seaglass
Disappointing ad for sure RT : Oh, hi Men are high rollers. Women are accessories and rewards.
thanks again. Love the blog.
Hi #libchat! I intern at a medical library. I didn't plan on it, it just sort of happened!
Do you even understand what they saying ?
Don't forget to click the 3M Contest tab to enter the pocket projector giveaway. Today is the last day!
Can't wait to be camping ! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><U+26FA>
Stand for principals and morals. Stand for righteousness.
I had an unbelievable time at the !
My shirt must have been sleepy today...it drank all my coffee on the way to work! --- Ninja
So much to be thankful for
The killer instinct is good and bad.
the only DIV 1 Mens bball team that can run 5v5 with their own team is 'Cuse they are loaded and with a deep bench and 10 strong.
And you're entered to win! What ring size are you?
am I annoying yet?
Forgot to study for AP Euro
Keep on a positive issue message not dissing the other guy.
someone else need to stand up or this series can turn quickly.
let's all do dinner tomorrow??? too!
And when age or disease or grievous injury have altered that landscape, there'll only be that individual spirit flashing out at you.
GT GAME
I hope my mom brought me chips for not taking me to dye my hair -_-
Just got done watching some vids on Utube. Thanks wonderful Thomas!
for waffle house to call anything they make an all American...seems to me to be an insult to America...
I wanna know about these exciting things in your life Caitlin!!! I'll have to DVR the segment! :)
I really wish bloggers would stop being so mean about Curtis Painter. His parents are probably very proud of him. He's a local guy. Be nice.
My Big Brother Graduate Monday , And My Lil brother Start Kindergarden This Year , Everything Happens So Fast !
Chilling with Mr.Ross on my lunch.....:-)
Crazy ass Miami house party last night shouts to FIU...And all the pretty Spanish girls...
CALLING ALL PATENT ATTORNEYS - Please contact me if you'd like to work on a temp project beginning on Monday! It's a great opportunity! I…
Such a productive day. Videos soon. Ep soon too..
We're playing at Jack Rabbits 1528 Hendricks Ave Jacksonville, FL on Friday April 1. Doors open at 7. Tickets $10
Because of this ongoing reformist smear campaign, I go to work each day, do my best and feel inadequate.
Nice job !
So I'm just going to sit back, watch and wait and when that person hurts them again. I REFUSE to listen. IDGAF if they get mad.
Lol xD almost forgot how to tweet, since I updated my twitter!
Ps3 bro
Hm.... now it looks like I may be going to China for 2 weeks after Europe for 2 weeks.....jesus China is a long flight!
I'm right here!
RT: Major push to get Isabel Celis search trending on Twitter. Please end tweets with
illustrated a book of tongue twisters, "Six Sheep Sip Thick Shakes," pub. by Millbrook Press. It is adorable!
well now that's over, can u move back to us?
GOD is So GreAt and I am so thankful its the lil things he does that shows me he loves me and cares!! :-)
you going ?
Thanks Leah for the RT!
Bless his heart.
: Hello, have a blessed Sunday!
Earth : you don't have to be crazy to live here... But it helps
I created this account about 1 hour ago and I feel like I'm just talking to myself.
God it feels so damn good to be home!
Great job Prof Snyder! Cycle on.
Love that suggests I check for an outage on their website after selecting the phone option for 'No connectivity'.
well except for IDOL
#Toryburch and I got caught in the middle of a bar fight last night.
Not sure what to think of Gawker's FOX mole but so far ... if my brain had balls, they'd be pretty f****in blue.
random day? Ahaha
That's another problem. The offense has been on a milk carton all season.
I still can't believe it's March already....Graduation in 2 months!!
is wondering: WHO SELLS website ADSPACE? I need a quick overview... please please? THANKS!! 720.470.7508-Erin.
At the 2011 Redmond Kernan lecture - Fundamental San Francisco.
Liberal Democrats are using the death of #Trayvon for political advantage. Despicable. The war on women is now the war on African-Americans.
Chelsea wins today! Who would've thought!
aw congrats u two! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
#NomNomNom #TChat YUM - double jealous! Pls set another plate, I'm coming over :)
i should probably change my job title on fb to professional cat sitter.
"I love you is back!"
That encore was badass at their show here in Dallas. Great concert.
There are enough T-Shirt KU fans to make up for my lack of KU support.
If it is on the Frostbite engine will you still buy it?
we like that! RT : "Latinos Live Here" is theme of Univision upfront. Just started.
Visit our offices at 3914 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite A202 in San Diego, CA 92123
Wanting to make soup. Too tired.
I cannot wait to see you ball out at the Masters this year, I will be following you Thursday
thx Bart! How's your little one?
Follow us on
Hey please check your #PM thank you + # youROCK
No cuz they are a GOP run club RT : Will the Milwaukee Police and Fire Unions retract their endorsement of ?
that's because they will be worthless in a few hours
well dang amigo! I just bought a Provari last week! I coulda funded you a mountain bike tire or sum thin. ;)
if you want to somehow read my tweets- read this: STOP TALKING TO ME.
Hello, "Day-Old News?" I'd like to cancel Cam's subscription. Yeah. He's going to be giving his business to "Behind the Times."
we'll see how far i can get through before quitting...i want to finish it, but right now it's not very exciting.
Great weekend ! Thanks Jordan Harris for making some great new wines. Can't wait for their official release!
Great news. Go Bucky. Heisman favorite!
Can you disclose what's going down? :D
1974 - Paul #McCartney and Wings releases "Band on the Run"
You & me. I've been trying to find a new theme for one of my two blogs & I'm having a hell of a time w/ it.
changed mi twitter name again lml
Help reach 1000 followers and discover amazing opportunities in the broadcasting industry!
I just don't know.
Stop by City Tap and have a drink with me before the game! I'll be there at 5. Then off to section 182!
Departing for RWANDA in t + 36 hours. I'm SO excited to get there!
Merry Belated Christmas to you as well, Hope you had a great Christmas with your family :)
I think I may be getting old if people are wearing 80's Halloween costumes. I wore those clothes because I was in the 80's.
Intelligence appears to be the thing that enables a man to get along without education. Education enables a man to get along wit
The best leader does not ask people to serve him, but the common end. The best leader has not followers, but men and women working with...
#nowplaying cooler than me
its me
EAT MY ASS
good stuff lol
Start your weekend with us! Join us for Happy Hour tonight from 4-7 in the bar!!!
Great games tonight. Esp. that eagles game
will retry.
A #BigTimeBlooperEpisode Has To Happen!
Lol fresh on a bitch, get the number! Not thats not true, you can be dirty and get a bitch! All about your Macking skills!
Serena Williams and 15 Most Shocking In-Match Temper Tantrums
I know haha I could do with out teddy but yes I agree if yang leaves I'm no longer watching it
thanks for the follow. Love
Doesn't change my love for you :) that was the best concert ever!! You guys rock! :)
Newsroom Blog | 'American Idol' Performance Finale: We're Live-Blogging Now!
I should have kissed you <3
Cause I remember when I sold you a tall tee
Presenting our IDIA Lab work today @ virtual worlds learning mashup meeting - SLoodle, Second Life, Web 2.0, OpenSim etc
You and have the same birthday! To make her birthday wonderful I think you should follow her. Plase?
So with their win, Grizzlies will open a playoff series @ home for the first time in franchise history. Give them credit!
are you sure? I'm not finding that through ,admittedly lame, google attempts. Girl, interrupted budget=40 mill
lmao whatever you're just mad cuz you're not drunk right now
Hello everyone on
I changed my mind at the last minutes my powers activated late :(
My buddy Geoff fletcher's movie killed it at Toronto film festival last night! Look out for violet and daisy!!!
Its amazing how much I can get done on a day with no meetings.
channeling my inner martha for pie crust making and kicking off christmaspalooza :)
Bye forever, Dallas... ;P
He could have a legit feud with yoshi if he wanted.
our web site is working just fine! www.ryan.com. Let us know if you are having any problems!
Officially bruised and battered.
Life is too short to ignore what your heart really wants...
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus" -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
I can't wait to hear some cowboy songs from !
I am Rachel Berry, that annoying kid that'll do anything to reach her goal. But I aim to be , theonewhogotwhat she worked for x
Graham Colton Band >>>
Just donated to Kickstarter and put him over his goal!! #LoveHelping :)
This nite is so beautiful reminds of nites where we would jus drive and tlk.... :(, I want that old thing back
o my gosh
Doh! home already. More tomorrow?
lol must be nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
: "I'm American, they're all the same to me" Not sure you're quoting me to compliment my satire, or to start an angry mob.
something like 64s. Has potential but rarely gets there, can turn a profit with some creativity tho.
Who says you can't work out AND have Halloween treats? We've got a bowl of goodies on our counter....yes we do! Waiting for you.
I was in there like, Oh shit, I've never been here before. I've never seen this part of pussytown before.
who may??
The article on web analytics was well written. Thanks for sharing!
good but i've been studying all day and i don't even know how to do those exercises lol yours?
Hey everyone, what's your favorite sandwich from The Daily?
unfortunately, you know you made his day...excuse me...LIFE by mentioning him by name.
I have Frank Rosen until 10:30... but tell me where your class meets and I'll bring it over as soon as I get to school.
I am so sry. About your loss I am praying for you guys
love a good thunderstorm.
A boyfran that stands up for his girlfriend is REAL AS FUCKK!!!
Look at me, please... <U+2665>
The amount of bullshit I've put up with today is unreal.
Water taxi. Bitchin.
The #SaturdayLibrarian with the most requests for FIFTY SHADES OF GREY wins.
I don't think I'm ever going to stop freaking out about how amazing Trespassing is. <U+2764>
There's the Don Draper we all know & love
I haven't really listened to All Time Low in YEARS. I'll stick to the old stuff only, though.
Finally I joined a Gym about time <U+E00E><U+E00D><U+E14C>
Hi... My name is warren. I can't believe I forgot that in my speech:(
fun,fun,fun lol just let me know and we are there :)
Scott Sherman has not made this schedule easy.
Somebody tell me is talk radio boring or enjoyable to listen to
Take care K!
Nice seeing and at the #Tradhome #newtrads shindig
thanks Andy. Really appreciate you and your work. Thanks for the RT too. Enjoy the day.
lmfaooo fuck y'all, she came on to me
Would I rather be a Knicks fan or a Mets fan???
Thanks! I will have to post the vids from the festival! :)
Put ur face where my waist at <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
no like I just was messaging him & he randomly replied (: ahaha
You say you did it, I done it. I'm gone.
greys anatomy hm?! Let's test out your theory. Tonight before bed watch sister wives..Let's see what dreams come from that:)
so far I've only found and and :o she needs more!!
As I was saying, not exactly the way I like to spend a beautiful spring day, but must be done!!
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-vn1 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami, FL. It's available in your customer area now.
May the odds be forever in your favor #HungerGames<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Umm coffee please....
You're doing the CBSLiveTweet?! Wow! That'll be neat! The cast won't be on until it airs your time, right?
Good news for our science comm faculty! MT We're getting 4 new Nature journals and a physics journal collection! :)
i know!! u went missin on me
Just saw a guy on a motorcycle, shield up, drinking coffee through a straw. Can't decide - stupid or
Yeah you betta run female!
"Information passes in front of us so quickly in this age." Agreed.
Thank you. Maybe this Summer...be on the lookout.
This is the first NCAA Tournament I've watched where there wasn't a single buzzer-beater.
I miss the show teen titans!!
R.I.P. Donna Summer. We will miss you
what does she have that i dont? ohh, nevermindd im just better than her right? and you just wanted to down grade...?? go for it bro
need more Followers Follow ! Please Retweet this !!!!!!
RT My Iphone has been syncing for about an hour now<- they're like us, the memory gets cluttered and clustered
Sweet. Allow me sir to buy you a drink.
somebody named dorian dm'd me and I though it was told the guy "i heart him"...then dm'd "thought u were someone else oops"
1/28/1757->Cuninghame: The French grow more&more Formidable by their Alliances, while Our Friendly Indians are deserting our Interest
Going to meeting brewery to discuss all things
LT12UK I'll be at booth 41 near escalators come say hello!
what people are getting at is leave TNA as soon as you can and go on a farewell tour with WWE
Quick lunch on the fly or a relaxing break from work, we can do it all. Come on by! Fresh sushi and warm soups on this dreary day!
If you’re a 90's kid, you’re not really a kid anymore.
That is correct, and with some great surprise brews too!
Very sad. So very, very sad.
So they blowing up the city of Chicago wen NATO get here huh
Also in the chatter for today's episode, we review ! http:/www.ftg-comic.com
~!+_~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Haha... Underwear! (It's what I always called them growing up as a little kid-- Spanish)
If you ain t help with the foundation stay away when the roof is up
Success is never a straight shot, but I'm fully loaded so it don't matter.
Exactly, all it does is keep you from having to repeat content just to prove you've done it on another toon.
I'm pulling lawn tickets at Alpine Valley for #phish. WTF is this.
Ha ha... that's a good way of looking at who may be watching this early! RT : To my friends on the east coast at the gym & my...
need any help with that?
Who likes revolving doors?
I am ready for MayDay! But must rest first.
Hard Work Pays off !!
does she realize that our books are due next Wednesday? I don't think she does.
as soon as i read about charlie sheen's comeback with his new show anger management, i find out it's getting sued for $50mil...figures
GO TEAM CHALLENGE!! I'm running Kona this Sunday!
Oh yeah, no problem! :)
RIP Adam Yauch. Thanks for all the anthems to our youth.
#libya #gaddafi This is just horrible.
sending love <33
help get me signed interscope records AGT tyour hired
no I'm not really going to #deathray your grandmother
aw thanks. And no. That all my hair. Lol
Interesting point--But what happens when race and class interact? Can race and class be genuinely treated independently?
So fun, thanks for joining us.
Season tickets here I come...
I think it should be a law that everyone has to have a cat, even if you are allergic to them! They're just so darn cute!<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><U+2764>
who do you think is the best player on the team then?
they probably rented the confetti and had to return or pay a late fee
Here goes tryna explain what this country is that she made up
: Visit Madison, WI! Tons of beer heaven in a 50mi radius of here. Come to Verruckte Stadt.
congrats on j paul winning. That's what's up! The whole fam won something tonite. Go Pacers & J Paul!
Huntsman: We owned 25% of the world's manufacturing in 1963. Now at 9%
In order to impact the world with the Diann Valentine brand, she knew TV was always in her plan.
Thanks to my top Retweeters this week:
is now followed by 'How amusing'. In Great company w/ Curious if John Waters joins the party too!
Shout out to the wazobia report from b. Thurston here at sxswi!
with a negative association between appearance orientation and general self-efficacy,
Thats for sure. Working out gets those #endorphins going. Great for the body and the mind.
The people behind us must not have been to Mass for awhile. They said "And also with you" every time.
Sent an email but it bounced back! Is there another address through which I can contact you? (perhaps via DM) Thanks!
that ieducator person reckons students achieve more when they accept that failure can sometimes occur. Canny article
One direction came to play for iCarly and during practice Harry drank from Carly's water bottle not knowing she had
next time!
You could print it out ;)
#SuperBowlOrBust RT : and that may NOT be only the 2nd 1st quarter TD for the Browns all season.
u write thatbio i never got the email..and im by one now
Please give our pals at Scofflaw a like.
OMG. The judges on #toddlers&tiaras I know two of them. One I competed with and the other one is a pageant director I know
Is it from the angle of teen heroines surviving in the wild while having trouble connecting to other humans?
#shoutout to my new follower
Left over Cheesecake Factory for breakfast? yes:)
Headed to work with some one special on my mind.. *lata
Trenches execution, mercy execution still great game types!
That's what a MVP should do is make the big shot.... Or is that jus me... LeBron James
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck and The Zingaro are at T-Mobile Call Center for Lunch Service until 2PM.
Went to seminar by Nick Wareham today on gene-lifestyle interactions in diabetes: diet and exercise are harder to measure now than genes.
Peg at has the best ideas!
Thanks for the retweets.
Accidentally mistook my thumb as part of the apple I was slicing. BLOOD. EVERYWHERE.
nother much. Did u all get your numbers yet?
My 1st thought on hearing it was "Sting has a new album out...?" Then I realized it was someone else. But I still wasn't sure!
im loving our conversation hahahah <3
He at work now I get to take my nap don't call or text me before 8
There's no place like home. Great weekend with family but so happy to be HOME!
Galleys available next week! And we'll send to Barbara stat.
Thats where the money goes, you're right. RT : <U+2190> Upgrade one of these, Oh wait....... #sorry I forgot....
I Highly Pissed .
A fever dream of the Old West, with a nod to the Coen Bros. and Pulp Fiction - The Sisters Brothers by Patrick DeWitt
Have you looked at Morrco.com? They have custom fits. Haven't personally used but I've heard good things
It's never a proper margarita w/o Grand Marnier & a hit of Cointreau!!
Thank you for donating over $17,000 to the Nurse-Family Partnership program for Mother's Day.
i mean u can cum with me 2mrrw
What? Sunday almost over?
YES YOU TOO. im just shocked Guf is actually following thru with this. feels surreal haha! i kno i can count on you to come home!
ABDC re-runs(:
They ask the kids if they want to go to school or come to a game...they said come to the game, that's weather day.
Agreed! RT : I hate college overtime rules. Boise State kicker misses again, Boise D has no chance to keep Nev out FG range.
Kid's foot not broken. Sprained metatarsophalangeal joint(s)? and may have bruised ends of bones. Has special slipper and advil.
The other day I listened to the Beatles' White Album with someone who doesn't really know it. His take: "It's kind of a mess."
Dictator time. My prediction is that it will be Aladeen.
please send your questions and comments along to and we will be glad to assist you in any way...Cheers!
I hate this.
only to discover that it was an old version, and that while it claimed sync was working fine, it wasn't actually syncing.
Lol none of my mescans sending those happy Cinco de mayo texts during the day tho.
I think it's right next to Macarthur Park
that phone # isn't working???
so true..I tried to login in yesterday and twitter said someone in the UK was on my account <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> some ppl need to <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Being told, "Happy birthday!" at a goth club has been the highlight of my weekend so far.
IF YOUR INFORMATION HAS BEEN COMPROMISED, BUT NOT YET MISUSED, DO YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO?
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something in your life.
Hi, we are getting ready to release a line of Tees in the next couple of months!
Chris Brown live is eppic!
Updated the show flyers, and illustration sections of my Behance portfolio.
singing surfertards<3 = singing = surfing = retards but the good way<333
are you serious!? I fcking hate being judged when i state my opinions. tell them to fuck off.
Found out today I get to do a likeness Head of Debra Lamb.
i steal bithes not pussy too many hoes giving it away
I am having no problem updating pics. maybe it is a browser issue. Try holding down shift and press reupload page before updating
Excited to have Sponsorist as one of the Florida startups in the Partnership
shit boo I miss you :(
LeRoy Walker was a man of Olympian achievement - Chicago Tribune
ah I known my girl since 2010 and our date is 2012 and we are in love !
Thank you! :) Same back to you sir.
anytime dear :)
Anyone else doing Windy City Pulp & Paper in Lombard? Heading there tomorrow.
I wish Mel Gibson had flirted with a singing career like Bruce Willis. Aunty Entity and Mad Max duet, anyone?
Talk That Talk To Me...
4M is saving people a lot on insurance, find out what we can do for you. www.4minsurancesolutions.com
Lastly, other CQ Today story behind paywall covers HSGAC hearing on U.S. defenses against biological weapons and what's wrong with 'em.
my pacers hanging in thier victor with your heat :)
don't worry he has enemies here too!
Office is closed . Should be open tomorrow
I do! lmao
Pretty stoked on using my beautiful 3 hose hookah tonight. Haven't used it in a min. Best thing my ex boy ever bought me.
#Pinterest is a greater crack-like time killer than
In recognition of the 10th anniversary of 9/11, consider posting your personal intention/tribute on 911day.org.
Sometimes i forget i have a phone;p.
It appears Romney is racing toward a win in the Washington State caucuses.
Thanks for the LIKE Julie!
RT : Kicking off Drupal Day in 30 min. Join us in the Market Street Room #12NTCDrupal ... so it begins
no the back seat does not protect you from anything! Put that darn seatbelt on
Hey Gabe! If I'm not speaking @ Emerging Media Conf, I'll come to Gsummit. Gamification has big role in startup I'm launching.
True intimacy developes over time, Trust is built over a track record.
as I said nigga pls u can't do shit so whatever u are gonna do am waiting. :)
YES I AM ..I'M DOING GREAT AND MY BOOKINGS HAVE SKY ROCKET!! I'M ALSO W CHOP SHOP RADIO AND WANTED TO GET A 10 MINUTE INTERVIEW
hahahaha like she was lookin for the clap tho? Nah
I have done this before. And yes the outcome led to a argument lol
great, we will make sure to capture some good quotes and questions for you.
All is good
Thanks for the monster RT!
I hope my nephew don't be makin all that noise this morning when I'm trynna sleep!
Well, they are exchanging my iPad with a new one past the exchange date. And… (cont.)
Rooney Mara's like, "Jesus, Ryan, shut up about the dress already!"
Ya know, i really do like being hyper active. It makes my marriage very snappy. I guess that's why i love Peppe La pew cartoons
Major California youth hockey news - LA Hockey Club/Selects has merged with LA Jr Kings. ... More to come
if students did this kind of event for themselves, they'd learn a ton. it'd be even more meaningful coming from peers
where did you get your ghost powder? How was it?
Still time to see Utopia and Caucus at the Stoner Theatre!
43- 0 bet that S/O to Mayweather. Cotto gets respect but no no mas wins
Ha! All hail the Green Bean! Love it. I think you're on to something with the worship of coffee beans...
This nigga said yu like nicki minaj right i said yea then he said well put my dick in yo face cause uu nt ugly
got you my son #Ready4It the #mixtapeoftheyear Hosted by
To sum up Romney: first God created Adam, then Eve, then Adam&Eve, LLC.
"The Future of Thinking" is also available as a free Kindle download...
You gonna win the #firefly contest?
I'm moving to another state
"for safety you can't bring cameras into the comcast center" no kiss it's just you that don't want us to have cameras or food or water >.>
i'll just post ones that i took without makeup on.<33
Coming this week on the blog: 1 You no longer want to be "just friends". Now what? 2 Dealing w/ someone who says you're "overly emotional"
I thought #oomf looks so different
lol mine to yeah im in Maryland now decided to move wasnt shit in Michigan for me
Middle Class uh y eah the COSBY FAMILY
first I read your new name as 'popet cetera'
Bummer, I guess you don't have to call the KiddChris show on Fri anymore. That station is GONE. Sad day in Portland.
Yes, yes, and Jobs is turning over in his grave, blah blah blah, WHAT CAN IT DO FOR ME NOW?!?!
who's that ?
Bringing in The New Year in Key West
FOLLOW US. it's our 11:11 wish <333
Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn
The Wednesday evening uninstructed workshop starts next Wednesday 27 April. Not tonight!
Chillin in Hartford with Wednesday...
would you play fullback or the tightens position?
Boom boom boom :P
Why can't you just make me smile and follow me?
(i'm thinking you should do a gal night showing for your series of sketches from haiti.)
#chuuch RT : When you have a setback, don't step back. God is preparing you for an ultimate comeback.
Im so fucking annoyed right now -__-
Hello Delana thank you for the follow.
I'm so sad to give up my ol' truck :(
my DVR is filled with unwatched 2-hr episodes, oh well... RT : x factor is cancelled... this makes me chuckle..
I never seen it lol
Wore my bathing suit and didn't realize the water park isn't open yet <U+E403>
And i never had a job you know i had to sell Yae. Bitch ima boss I call the shots, Im with the murda team call the cops
Took the #Facebook timeline plunge and am pleasantly surprised how user friendly it is!
At Brian's house ! Bout to get this shit crackin!!!
Why does it feel like those who give in , they only wind up losing a friend ...
Aw, thanks Rachel! I miss all you Point Lomans. How's this semester treating you? RT : because of you, i enjoy the news.
Why won't my body let me sleep in? -.-'
You need to follow me so I can send you direct messages.
You shouldn't call LeBron a #DelNegro, that's racist!!
I'd just leave it as Madonna. she's a pretty good singer. rihanna would've been good too though.
JELLO I MEAN HELLO
that's pretty good. What'd you do?
leaving Columbus, Ohio (INCREDIBLE time at #loex2012 & our hostel) & & I are to Philly for the day before going back home to NYC!!!
Heading to Dayton, Ohio for WGI championships for a few days with Golden High School. In the meantime for #Denver news ...
Never love anything that can't love you back. Bruce Williams
Earth Day is a great time to reflect on our efforts to keep our planet Green! What are you doing to be #Green?
What does '5/5 rts' mean? This is probably a stupid question but I see every ones doing it :/
Thx! Followed back :)
How many Baltimoreans watching #kitchennightmares now?
There is no loyalty in this business. I give you everything you ask for. Then, when I ask for something you act like your doing me a favor.
Listening to Amanda Perez...
RT : I just need two more followers to reach 1,000 help me out by retweeting this
what is it?
IMHO value of facebook "like" - Qualified potential for engagement w/ fan & their friends, value assigned once fan engages; trackable
Taking the kiddos to my parents today to drop them off for the week of spring break.
Follow For tips and advice she's awesome with that
We make the most adorable couple ever. I hope he realizes that too<3
sounds fucking amazing! Asdfghjkl I LOVE your natural voice!<3
I think I hit my whiskey azimuth yesterday, one more and I'd be in a ton of pain today
Nothing says “I suck at technology” more than a sideways profile picture.
She was up at 5. Didn't take a nap. Such a long long day.
Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid. - Basil King
What you're now describing has nothing to do with you being an artist. It has to do with a shitty comm policy. Just unsub.
In the end, all #Brewers roads lead to Kottaras.
Happy 8 months anniversary to my ugly prince and I :* <U+2665> IX.IX.XI
Once I figure out how to do this mobile-ly (which is how I'm sure most people do it) I'll be in deep doo-doo.
z g'night!
Guess imma jusss go to sleep ..
Newt Gingrich dropped out of the Presidential race...now we can all go do a happy dance!!!
Good start fellas! #WeAreMarquette!
FLORENCE AND RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE MIGHT BE WORTH IT
Can't wait to get my third and final cookies!!!
Segment has many competitors and a low barrier to entry...social coupons.
yes,yes i will keep twweting (:
Thanks! I'm super excited to shoot Mifflin again
SANDAG Board hears #OtayRanch developers state the purchase of #SouthBayExpressway as "six lanes for the price of two!"
Last call came right when my patience ran out with a certain person. I love when things work out.
dude! guess whuuuut!
Finna hop on the xbox while my computer is reformating, haven't been on it in a month due to work
Love that they sent out a wedding-style Save the Date for this.
which one
#newyeariscoming what are you doing to celebrate? In my homeland, Germany, it's Saint Sylvester night, the most elegant holiday of the year!
I believe Nolan is alive ! C'on now
Pick #15: - Fractals, Googols, and Other Mathematical Tales by Theoni Pappas - Covers: real numbers, exponents, dimensions, & geometry :)
"Did you hear Whitney Houston died? That's why you shouldn't do drugs." R.I.P Whitney Houston
have you even met me?! lol
hey man, you're coming to LA soon to play some music, no? When?
Shoshana Bean is a great soulful singer I am working with this week. Think Amy Winehouse meets John Mayer... Check her out
ur movie is the best!!!!!!!! I love u!!! Follow me? !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
you are rocking the natural fro.
What a game by the NIU Huskies! Congrats on winning the MAC Championship
No 1 knows what it means but its proactive...
I burn then.... BURN.
Lmao! I'm "suppose" to start today! But you know how that go
Wow...great drive ... great pass and catch for a TD... refs still suck ... Come on Detroit Lions Defense need a stop!
Work is getting in the way of my words with friends game.
yow mi an my cousin eat sum kfc chicken
Just saw THE ARTIST at The Paramount. A B/W silent movie set in 1920s Hollywood, a love letter to Hollywood + film art. Sublime.
Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God? 1 John 5:5
somebody's got to.
This is really tough to watch.
yes also you should have a band on the side that wants to get a contract! ;)
Liked it. It rocked. But Collared is a good word for Sherlock Holmes Game of Shadows. Let them off their leashes. Here's to the third one!
are you going to gabriels?
*slaps back of head* No i did not ! stop the madness
wtf what the hell was that for?
“: I have a particular set of skills.”
whats the name of the place we had your wedding brunch?
I took the liberty of proposing a name. It should be called. Mellow, Marsh-Mellow (in a James bond kind of way)
LOL!RT : The #iPhone4S will have a feature known as "Tony Romo" where the phone has no rings, and shuts down without warning.
A great estate plan will offer you peace of mind, but it's primarily for the benefit of your loved ones. Estate planning seminars in Feb!
Damn Cali is beautiful
RT : Facebook 1 Billion buyers? Who cares? says Having the most exciting 1000 peeps on the list is the key.
Today's workout P90X2 Recovery and Mobility. I'm actually going to do this for the first time today. Usually I rest on Wednesdays.
Michael Rosenberg: Filling out the 2012 sports calendar
I agree with this lol god times RT I'm going to keep it for laughs. Lol
1 more year till graduation then I can be free...
LOVING my new agent! <3 MO Artist Agency!
would you happen to know? RT : do you know if there is in Tampa Bay?
Check out my blog at www.michellebradsher.com
Phillies Home Opener!
Yes thank you! I was just scared.
i see you making that money!
He's a quiet leader who leads through his play and not his words
some of us still think, before we write... i know for a fact that real Emceeing is still appreciated.... TIME TO RISE UP !
Why is it when you are the only customer in a restaurant, it takes forever to get someone to wait on you? Huh?
Hey #ATL Art of Seduction tonight! #RhythmaStudios the spott to be hott.
thanks to all of our new followers - we hope you spread the word about our new site. we're growing daily! www.bartenderme.com
this week around thusday
I'm proud to be working with & to launch &
Say Hi for me! :) I think there are two at #smbfw from #usffw so we have a decent group there.
We gave up everything to tour and play music.
Wassup man! Met you w/ - #follow back
I miss ya blue!!!
Very Cool!
Whoa, you can buy David Beckham's body at H&M!?!
No matter where I go I know where I came from :)
~ When I was pregnant with my daughter, I dreamt once that when I delivered her she was a CAT, and once that she had a goatee!
when I was 9 #orioles put in OF Larry Harlow to pitch and the expansion Blue Jays protested - didn't know position players could pitch
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
they would trade coaches in a heartbeat. They're so jealous of Calipari, they can't stand it.
Now family time! There is nothing better!
she was strung out and didnt want the responsibility. Sad but happens a lot.
AHAHAHA priceless analogy. Don't get good shit like that from the MSM!
Wanna join us and be in a parade in Version Fest? Meet us at Yollocalli at 1130. :)
New reviews posted at www.triskelionsociety.com
Interest rates on credit cards are often lower than penalties and interest charged by the IRS on overdue taxes.
I guess I'm about to get ready for bed...
: Actually when I was outside the room I thought someone was strangling a crow
im am not!!! Lol
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Woke up about 30 min to an hr ago and can't go back to sleep.
lol they are everywhere. :-)
Thanks Will! Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
Pray for Eddie and Britt who walked with me yesterday 7 miles. They couldn't make it today - legs were hurting!
95 math problems due by Thursday?
So i really really want to follow me i freakin love him i will scream so loud if he do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
“: Craving sushi -__-”
About to hit up kings island with & , super late, hah.
Lizard Brain - Afraid I won't find fulfilling Work. Left Brain: I'll learn the material / fit in. Right Brain: I'll give and receive value
Bhagavad Gita~ God is seated in the hearts of all.
Kim Burrell is singing right now at the HEP sponsored Gospel Fest. Biblically correct Gospel in a splendid jazz voice! Check her out!
But as a Journalist ... would you really tell?
Dinner and classes tonight at our Castleton Midweek Connection. Dinner at 5:30 ($5 over 12yr old) and classes at 6:30.
MINDS: Woodward believes students can create real work that is public and worthwhile. Portfolios could be useful.
S/o to for the follow.
Feel free to stop by with If you have a timeframe we can make sure we get you samples of our menu.
Nice little skate sesh today at the park with my boys and Al. T!!
well wasn't that sassy of you?
I had a forest green and pink, not as bad, but certainly not good.
YES YES YES
I did make it to see your Momma :-( ... But the Bellagio buffet was great :-)
RT what's the point of advertising HSPA+ as "4G" if no one can actually use it?
": omg who were you talking to?? i love you both"we r all getting married
RT : Congrats to #Badgers senior Kyle Jefferson for winning President's Award for work with SAESO and SAAC
yeah that's how I caught up I would have lost by one or two, I think, but it subtracted your last tile from your score and Bam. Tie
gl, hope you get some sun & some chips :)
This guy told me I should sell my genes on ebay cuz I look goo for having 2 kids lmao #bestlineever NOT!
My bracket is really taking some hits today. :( ... that's okay. I have #Starbucks and The Hunger Games Soundtrack. Redemption! :)
YRG / Q&A are an added bonus to the superticket photo/autos (best value), general admission is the alternative ticket option
“: Fill in the blank: "My favorite thing to grill is _______!" RT with your answer!” Brats and Kraut! Gotta represent WI!
I wish u would tell us when u go off twitter so we know
i was workin
Maybe will have a twitter party 2mrrw :D
that's so rad, thank you, much appreciated
Not much longer now, May 8th is so close! #AmankeDionti RT : I am looking forward to this CD!
Do you have a reasonable accommodation policy to comply with the Americans With Disability Act?
"Center for Naval Analysis" - didn't these folks know what that would sound like?
thanks Rick :)
Goodmorning Seattle! Enjoy your day!
#tulips New crop available in Washington state
Meryl is too sweet and Tom Cruise is channelling Top Gun era hotness! Good ending
No way! The #dancemoms were at Sansha?! That's across the street from me!
So Tim mad ? Lol
The Welcome Guide is amazing! Congrats
Me too. I'm going to have to think about this.
nothing's wrong with fangrling! we do it all the time (:
U a hater! Lmao! U know that would be dope... One last time man.
Thanks so much for following me. I hope my tweets inspire you, LJ.
I Just Wanna Say i LOVE
Good morning FBs and Tweets! I just woke up so I can say that.... :) Good day!
what email address can I reach you at? -Adam
to the US btr+1D concert.
You save my life with every word you say
Tell us which races you've signed up for this year! What's your favorite length of race to compete in?
#artpolitics an intimate public is a shared negotiated interestedness
Is orange the new tan?
Thanks for coming and for the nice tweet!
your not stupid Bro your just a whore
Don't get me wrong, I like #Newt a lot, but if he can't finish 1st or 2nd in TN or OK, how is he going to win AL or MS?
yeah you gotta be fresh and get passed by two other tours
The Paradox:Christianity seeks the God that existed before Christianity.
#imagine Austin:Somtimes,the only reason i stay quiet&sit&stare&smile is becuz i still cnt believe how beautiful u r&how lucky i am -anna
I am a talking dog! ;) otherwise, how would I have a Twitter?
I was just reading about Etta James and I guess she spent some of her early teenage years in the Fillmore district. I had no idea!
Hungry waiting on food from Rocko's Pizza
I think you get better seats than i do!!
Woo!!!!! ohh hahah its really catchy reminds me of Spice Girls lol so now you tell me some of your favs?! LOL
So glad to b home! It has been one long weekend especially on one leg!
honey badger eats snakes!
Starting a betting pool for tommorrow night, based on carl leaving some cables, a guitar, or even his amp. Odds are pretty good. Who's in??
Chris #Drury.. well done.
"11 Minutes Ago" Was ok, its not on Primer level.
Good morning fellow tweeters, I promise not to be selling anything this morning. Life is good.
Then follow me. Back lol
Y Attempt Wen Da Effort U Make Ain Appreciated
Going to my first meeting today! Super excited. :)
My break has been so amazing so far :)
Who is #FreeMarc and what happen?
Our Boom Bangers were so very choice last night! Excited to discover some more dirty gems the next couple days.
Olbermann compares himself 2 an expensive chandelier.. Hmm hanging from the rafters & not normally very bright, yep that's him
#ogw Seattle PD sees that release of crime and 911 data will save time and money answering media calls and others.
Thanks for a great #smwpolitics panel!! Glad I have twitter to take notes for me :-)
I WANNA GO!!!! HAHA
you failed ? :|
tell shme about chit whadda de odds we had to be born like this? Eh eh eh, and everyone we know too, like a tribe!
you from w.i.t?
Depends upon where you live.
Hey:D
Happy Easter! & remember "My God's not dead he's surely ALIVE. "
Opening Day of baseball season from Tokyo in 3 hrs, 13 min. Still don't know how I'm gonna see/hear it, but the all-nighter's in full effect
Thanks again for participating. How was bracketology?
Was there wine in your weekend? Words of wine wisdom: "What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?" ~ W. C. Fields
You're just figuring out that SNL is sub-par now? LOL! ;P
Nocturnal life >
Insecurity will always rent the space it occupies, but confidence will own the building, and any other room it steps in!
well not really but he wastes so much time and paper and he thinks I'm really stupid and disregards any answers I give.
I'm going toMadrid, Barcelona & Toledo! For one week. Ideas on must-sees? Besides the really tourist-y things like the Royal Palace, etc
loved that fucking td celebration today your the man
#WhatToExpectWhenYoureExpecting and #Battleship I fear the pregnant women more than the aliens.
I honestly can't stand commercials
aight. Well first, me and Morgan are joking. Second, you came into ME and MORGAN'S convo. And three, I can tweet what I want.
congrats! I forgot we were so close -- Bill and I celebrated yesterday. Not up to your record yet though.
CD Release party tonight @ Katerina's for The Rose Colella Trio's new album "Small Hours" 10-1 katerinas.com
follow me!
so tim tebow is writing a memoir...at 23...really? guess i can finally look for a publisher for my 7 yr olds autobio
I'm @ Marriott, lobby bar ... Perhaps one, I'm @ Crystal Gateway
I'm giving up hope of getting a birthday shoutout from you! (yes, it's my birthday too) <3
yep. You all ok up there?
rebel against one thing and you're normal, rebel against 2 and you're cynical, 3 you're scatterbrained, any more and you're insane.
thanks so much for tweets. Great to meet you!
It feels good 2 B free"Single"out with my girls! & brother-in-law. thanks 4 the "Mary j tickets!" Was Last minute but no regrets!
me too!
I spent too much of my 20s in basements watching Kevin Smith movies...
is eating cookies n' watching da Bulls!
RT Should note that Aquilani isn't coming back to the Premier League unless Juve decides not to exercise their option.
Dancing around in my swimsuit... Admiring my tan. Lmao
Loading in for "Hercules Furens" at the Getty Villa with . Such a beautiful place to perform!
Referring to me as Princess Middleton when I want things my way is HARDLY an insult
Some of the strongest actors are the ones who are constantly doing theatre and constantly training! ~ Royal Watkins
like not.go lol
Blessed beyond measure .......
Extemporaneous Speaking - 5th place - Brent Heard
Got my Salsa Dance Midterm today. I'm sure it will go well....I hope.
Drake, my nigga
Andres Nodl loaned to Phantoms, Ryan Howard called up to Flyers after Valdez hipcheck.
Today hasn't been day. Now has no plans because of you
I vote for installing a "napping room" in the office for a quick, post-lunch nap.
if they were scared of teeth, the probably wouldn't have any.
Are u serious right now? What's next?
Whoooaaaaaa. Sleeping medication is kicking in. night!
RT : To find your author name, take your 1st and last names, write a book, get it published and read the name on the cover.
#3rd String open @
Did I mention that he is like late 50s and she is late 20s?
ok here in CO
Pure Leaf Iced Tea(TM) Launches &quot;For the Love of Leaves&quot; Campaign And Partners ... - MarketWatch (press release)
i need to but in waiting for this lady to come back....and you're sweet
send it fam but I'm not playing records for #heatfromthestreet tomorrow...doing somethin for the moms out there on mother's day
gotta love NYC!
Scott Pilgrim vs the World was loosely based on the life of Our Hero, fighting off jilted ex-recruits on the way to Madison.
Stephen Wolfram demonstrated his Wolfram Alpha product (similar to the YouTube video presentation-- check it out). [Sorry no link]
we live in MKE and he loves the Brewers. Braun is his fav player on either team! He partly wore Cubs stuff to make me happy!
the trashy people that go #downtown every night and think their hot shit.
umm nope. ha
Next year sounds great!
#LTBroadcasts "It appears that the Chinese Nationalist Government is starting to make headway against the communists" (4/28/31)
I wish I could retweet this 1000 times. RT My cats sure are good at going to the bathroom.
the oh so sexy said to ask YOU when the 2/29 show's meet & greet will be. Share? #fanwholosthercookies :(
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips North Ave is the not the place for a lovely midnight stroll!
I think i'm Deleting my account. #mahomies are forgetting what being a #mahomie really means. i will still support <3
RT : Fun day @ work + Bodysurfing = A Great Day! <- sounds awesome! Enjoy and make sure you wear sunscreen!
So now that we're all on one accord (aka living spiritually & adhering to religious morals), let's lift up the non-believers.
Finally!!! Dodgers are going down #SFGiants all the way
This is only funny if they still have a Scroll Lock key.
I'm also not sure #teebowing is gonna go over well in this market!
I'm not laughing anymore seriously. K see you Saturday.
Archeologist: someone whose career lies in ruins.
Did you know that My Sinatra originated as a PBS Special?
can't wait for the show at IOTA with the band on Tuesday! it's gonna be rocktastic (i think that's a flinstones word)
Over $500 Million A Day spent 100% at risk on advertising each day in US. We are about to change that at TopsInAmerica.com Zero Risk for All
Oh hi there! Don't forget: we're at The Grove in Elm Grove tomorrow night, 7pm-11pm!
what does a free model suggest? I send you clothing so you can wear them and send me pics, hence free clothing
"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me. - Robert Frost, ""Cluster of Faith,"" 1962"
Fox broadcaster just said Bosio threw a no-hitter for the Brewers... Seriously? Idiot.
I dont blame you!!
Dogue de Bordeaux...awesome!!!
yeah. that makes sense...
Well, I feel like a fuckin douche bag bc I saw the security tip over with his eyes closed from the chair -_-
peeps for breakfast, probably not the best idea
Mom ain't around but s/o to my girl for being a great mom and my dad for playing both parts!
SERENITY NOW! Attempting to watch a movie with 's parents.
will get on that ASAP..
Da WHIFT of such a bad spirit frm a particular person(s) temp me to GO IN. BUT dat wud be moving backwards & Lord u have brought me forward.
Awww, me too! Was just talking about this tonight!
Itchy Sand >_<
thank you for your help. Yes your feedback was helpful and it'll definitely improve the script.
Lopez: "Ava was too short to reach the garbage can. I just remember her looking at me when I lifted her up & she had the biggest smile."
“: Just sucks that we have to play Game 7 in Oklahoma. #Allin #Mavs” ---- Hahahahahha
Serving most of #Houston , #TX region with the most detailed #homeinspectionreports available. :D
I'm so glad to hear it! Congrats!
Michele Bachman, very disappointing. At this rate America Barack Obama will serve another 4 years www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Hey there!! Thanks for following me!!
That moment when you call to wake her up and you forget talks for her voicemail....
It is HUGE! I can't believe it's taken me so long to see it. My parents were in town so I got some sightseeing in. :)
Road trippin with and on the way to Boston, never been there so I'm pumped
omg. so much to tell you today
A factoring company can determine the credit worthiness of your client using many different credit models or reports.
on a cochair flight w Alaska Air...Horrible communication-horrible experience. Would've made diff plans had known.
tough game, tough game haha
"Moonpie Muhammad"....classic.
It's just you.
I'd rather pick a bug up and throw it outside than kill it.
Dear Lord, please keep my son safe on his trip to San Antonio with his class...and keep my loved ones I love and care for safe ...<3
I will be giving in to your famous warm cheese biscuits come Friday night!
my sole motivation for this is to do what's natural for the human body. if we have to supplement and fortify our foods...
Your boring to talk to now....
Instead of the world ending I wonder what it would be like if the entire population practiced the Golden Rule all at once for 24 hours.
Total basketcase after having to reprimand my baby girl who isn't such a baby anymore..ugh so it begins
nuthing really you?
I didn't know about him is he coming to Ky the transfer from NCS
It's time to start telling our stories
check out my YouTube page YouTube.com/92AdrianB
Tix on from LAX to Vegas for $30!?!
o I was there on that rainy day..bring me some to LA mmk thanks
It's still early in the #MLB season but if the #Angels keep quiet at the plate it's gonna be a long season!
watching scandalABC for the first time. Really enjoying it!
follow me back? maybe today's the day!
the shit they gave me totally did not work lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
thats mine right;)
WE ARE NOT PLAYING A SPORT!!!!!!!!!
Strange night. Cable is out and using my Vzw hotspot to connect to the net.
trade boozer he is a waste
Upside, the office has de-fridged itself. Downside, it's kind of a sauna now.
Girls lacrosse: Catonsville holds off Towson - Baltimore Sun
Can't sleep but hopes to soon be dreaming of "Rico Suave"
Their time to shine.
congrats now there's only bigger and better things to come.now go crazy girl lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
Congratulations to Tim Bishop, John Shartzer, James Lebrun, Josh Chavez, and Jayden Hazel for booking the PetCare Commercial! Great Job!
is licensed to drive. a motorcycle. vrooooooooooooooom!
k @ someone from japan trying to login to my gmail account and being blocked
Muller: WB in final stages of updating policies to become full, Libre OA institution. All pubs, all data, immediate OA
The site looks fine w/o the images though. Maybe better.
How the hell did I miss seeing Thomas Dolby at Tipitina's last night?
wow really
BAL Mgmt congratulates Zerasia Armani Z Howard. Zerasia landed a principle role in the SAG feature film"When Love was Simple" - in ATL.
AppleTekGuru....We Think Different.....We truley care for our customers and their Apple products!
Ah! I wasnt aware that was u they were always referring to. Hopefully your lawyer uses the chewbacca defense to get u off the hook!
Mgk got some nerve to come to miami with a cleveland shirt on and "claim" that fruity pebbles will beat THE GREAT ONE
thanks for the retweets! only thing we like more than meatballs is t-shirts and beer.
you have the greatest family ever love them! Love you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
looking forward to your tweets! happy tuesday!
Does anyone else ever get excited about their sammiches?
Can't wait til tomorrow!!
trust me its not a sad song.
What do you mean? You mean ppl thank you for voting in Wisconsin too?
I NEED TO GET BACC IN SCHOOL THIS WEEK
if only i could take care of my phones that good lol
Wow. This 55-inch LG OLED TV gets close to indistinguishable-from-magic status.
So used to night sessions , different look & feel when the sun is still out
here's the other follower I promised! -
ok lets see this Sor-Rob-Mo in action.
Every time I hear Don't Go Away by Oasis, I'm overwhelmed with memories from my years as a young writer. It still moves and inspires me.
This bed is a cloud.
If audience is thinking it, you should be writing it.
I am Def Still UP..
An interesting recent goal: "Stop buying handbags." The person committed to buy only one new bag every quarter! stickK works for everything!
What do you think? Are there better targets for #ows anger than , and ? Or are they spot-on?
#mikeM <<<<<<where are these guys?
so damn true, man. Masterfully put.
LOL at my leg hair....
Respect your resources; when you waste food, it speaks volumes about the way you treat your resources.
don't remind me :(
does steve have twitter?
Girl, it was so real.
lol should I try them?
was it awesome?! T
life needs more Fridays
John Farnham - Age of Reason
RT : That would be ! We're glad you enjoyed it!
I wasn't aware it was homeless guys every two blocks Saturday? No I don't have any chicken nuggets in my pocket.
My phone's gonna die :( #nobueno oh well it was worth it. :)
Drop-crotch pants make me feel so butch.
Farragut North or West?
Get 2 good practices in first. I wish we'd get you some touches.
I'm waiting for the "Harry Reid School of Public Speaking" to open up myself!
i want too but school tomorrow :(
Im wide awake for some reason need to take my butt to bed
yes! #TNI meetup in San Diego. So down!
ok nighty night
trying to get back tomorrow, but leave again Sun. Busy, busy travel schedule.
with any luck tomorrow. The veggie RV is being picked up from San Jose tomorrow.
I think I'll go with Scrooged. Then Christmas Vacation.
Good show today! We'll have pictures and stuff soon!
Sending all our best wishes your way. Still amazed by your typing abilities.
I presented on an AAM panel with your director today. Seems like a great fellow!
omg ahahahahaha!! Wow.
Thanks for the #FF love!
I've seen the videos. You're mom is the bomb. Don't hate; appreciate. If Ma Boycrazy endorses pt's, they are the shit.
Sitting in a Burger King that is playing Bright Eyes. Quite surreal.
Do you think it helps or hurts #iubb if Xavier makes this a game? Sometimes it can kill the crowd if 1st game is a thriller.
My Adobe PS CS4 finally died after a power surge shut down my PC. I could re-install, but with CS6 just released I'll take it as a sign.
To dye my hair or not to dye my hair.
I don't know he does it a lot
Miss you Kyle!!! I need to come watch you play! I'll come visit ASAP k! :) and again for sure in sept for alumni game lol
I'm fascinated! Where? What? How?
that was too long and corney...can you cut it out tho?!!!
How Many RAPPERS Are Really READY To INVEST Your TIME & MONEY In Your Career? If That's You, GET AT ME! If Not, Just Keep Watching.
sucks at this being a girlfriend thing. ugh
Dan loves this stuff! RT honored to hear ' Dan Simons & so many others @ Food/Restaurant panel
My bed is going to feel amazing
awww !! I miss you more!! We both need to have a day off to hangout !! So sad I missed #teenmom2 lastnight :(
I feel like something good is going to happen to me today
Just want to RT everything says
way to call the question.
"In 2006 Judge Wilson penned a children's book called Hot House Flowers, which was an allegory for illegal immigration..."
Ill give you a 1$ if you grab her booty
“: "When I run, I feel like _______________"” Evolution. :)
Food Fact of the Day: March 2,1904 Dr. Seuss was born. Who wants some
I will say this slowly so there is no misunderstanding. Romney will NEVER, EVER beat Obama. Questions?
“: If he won't play with your hair #getridofhim”
i have a full tank of gas, and nothing to do. let the adventures begin.
uh oh! Chipotle is not the best...
NCAA! 2 points for UCONN. Celebrate with our 2-pack brownie bites.
Missing all the fun in botany to work on newspaper <<<<<<<<<<<
Floyd banged him out in the 12th round, gr8 fight much respect 2 both 117-111 Floyd, that is exactly wht I predicted, lets C wht judges hve
Bored as hell.
Lol! i hear you
Kate has FINALLY joined twitter - Welcome!
#ICantStandPeople who are fake.
Wisconsin got lucky again. You gotta tell your boys to join the QB transfer party.
If you want my opinion, compensate me if you value it. What won't I do for a chance at at IPad?
When in Rome, do as the Romans do. When in Hollywood, don't turn into a prick.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 42F FAIR
flush limbaugh...what happens when you're potty trained with a bull whip... a neurotic sociopathic megalomaniacle reprobate
I want fucking sushi, it's been like 2 or 3 days since the last time? That is way too long <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>!
What do you think ? RT : Maybe Cox Communications could donate some help?
that is so wrong, you are to me the most beautiful woman I've seen period, no close 2nd's
I thought about going to McDonald's tonight and didn't
J.Cole #sidelinestory hot
Enjoying a nice cinnamon mocha and getting some work done thanks to Caribou Coffee's free WiFi.... Back to #slaleads in a few.
you need to worry about your show ratings
I miss you!!! Have fun in Rochester!!
#outdoors We just hiked the Lake Winfield Scott Slaughter Gap trail again for the 2nd time. Perfect day trip!
i like you better then jess
lol yea, I'll be at school tommorow thou
The work never stops...
Hey, it's Brodus! Are they gonna wheel out Bryan to get squashed twice?
Ok ok ok get it right , im not a bitch , i jus speak my mind if i dont like you , maybe i am a bitch ;)
"you had dicks on the ceiling. you Fucked it up" Fred da Godson
Tonight's Red Sox-Yankees gm has been postponed due to inclement weather.
So tired
Where to go next for a PBR?...
All Disney'd out, fun times, you never forget your childhood!
Sleepless in the badlands...
Living in the past prevents you from living in the present.
Opening Night is NOW!! Nothing quite like the opening night buzz! Break a leg, brilliant cast of THE BEAUTY QUEEN OF LEENANE!
actually I'm wondering if he's not planning an ind. run for PA Senate this year. Filing deadline is in August.
good morning right back at you! Gorgeous in NYC too
pandering to a younger generation?
The man who has no imagination has no wings
We're at a major apartment complex fire at Stewart and 75th street now. It has been burning for a while.
thank you!! Love you too(:
My Dudda Mann yu did it boiii I love yu I will be there 2 mmrow just like I said I would
Bummer, #LevonHelm, R.I.P. Thank you for the memories.
Today feels like a banh mi day. Where's the best place for a banh mi sandwich near Union Square?
love you!! happy thursday, cant wait to spend the weekend with you:)
I did take a peak too. But I'm still watching (however I will turn when the Bieb comes on).
after which negotiating jointly with your creditors for simple loan terms.
tyson is or will be on fb again soon apparently :)
Had an awesome night with my man and my baby girl Mariah in Gatlinburg. Went to Bubba gump shrimp, a mirror maze, and Ripley's :)
you can contact us using the form on our site or email
Seeking a Sr. MMO# Producer# with F2P# experience for my publicly traded studio in Silicon# Valley#. Hit me if interested - JEliasoph…
I SAW WALKING DOWTHA STREET OF MII SKEWL AND I ALMOST FAINTED LOL MWAH
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont the sort of songs that repeat the same line over & over again throughout the whole song.
I have to go to sleep._.
It's Wednesday and we've got what you need. Come grab an Americano from Mocha Joe's to put some pep back into your step this week.
Jared Weaver was singing along to hit the road jack as he was walking off the mound lol
Too many chances...
Cicely Tyson remembering the women of the Civil Rights Mvt.
": Stats and macro. That is all that stands in my way. #bringiton"
It's that time of day again! Come in and unwind from your Monday!!
In the academy, we act like we don't have bodies, but we do.
you always want food!;)
inner city = not all can afford own device.
What is your favorite indie film out now and why?
tonight. Can't wait!!
Shut up! RT : TRAP SELL DRUGS!!!!
"Tell me lies but make them sound good"
thanks for all you help!
I'm very proud of my #farmville farm. 18 different varieties! Yum.
Indeed. RT : Quote of the day: “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”-leonardo de vinci
Goin out and playing pool tonight :)
you stopped following me. ;-\
Do you think Rex Ryan experiences a sharp pain each time Woodhead scores? Ha.
At the Hill. just met with Nancy Pelosi's staff member Kenneth DeGraff. He seems to get it. This is a good sign.
Get it Snooks! Gonna be an awesome week, maybe a pregame PB appearance from you?? Hope all is well with you, too!
haha. Yeah buddy!!
Complimentary recharging of iPhones, Droids, your Blackberry, iPad, after Spring Training games – car service options:...
oh please don't invoke any catch-phrases from that... that... other program....
I hope are good and feeling better. Can't wait till Friday in Denver.
Jenny Lind appeared at Castle Garden again on May 24, 1852 for her "Farewell Concert To America"
Would love to see Mayoral candidate come out in favor of a SD bag ban!
: thanks for the great review! we wish we were closer, too :)
Fiona Apple was my first ever concert. Back in 2000! It was so amazing.
"You fucking joke" ~ Tippett to the zebras just now
We really appreciate your support! Maybe next year :).
Great being home but i want to be hanging out with my friends who i havent seen in forever!
only if you are really lucky!
Ghetto ass school
Visit #BlueMarble by 12/31 for a 90 min treatment & receive a certificate for a future 1 hr treatment using code: BMDEAL11! Happy Holidays!
Gotcha. That will fly by tho. Transferring is the reason I have 3 classes left. Not all my credits from Franklin transferred.
And im stressed yo biggie leme get the vest
Should I study for the apush exam?
nah I was with and
thanks Emma!!!! Have a great weekend!!
I don't understand how the MLB won't let Mets and others wear 9/11 apparel. What's wrong with ppl
His fist is big but my gun's bigger, he'll find out when I pull the trigger
Sorry I missed show last night but had to return to Boston. Woke to a special voice mail from Myron. Sweet! Good Morning to ME!
Why do I lose everything ?
I wanna go
Watching the dress rehearsal for tonights #Mahler performace. #GustavoDudamel is cracking up the 1000+ musicians and singers.
perfect, breakfast at our usual spot?
Good choice. RT We have listened to our customers & have decided to cease our advertising on The Rush Limbaugh Show immediately
Filling docline requests for always makes me especially happy - giving back a tiny bit to the place that helped my sister.
You're also a poet and don't even know it RT : Pitt has quit
oh HELLO black-haired boy in Maine South tee running at the corner of sickens and damen.
Gearing up for the semester by mostly taking the day off to enjoy the 60 degree temps in January in Indiana!
STOP thats the best one
I smell a Tweetup in the near future! We'll post tomorrow night, but keep your calendars clear for Mon, Aug 1 from 5-7pm or so (Anchorage).
Worst feeling=realizing you have to enter
merry xmas! Good luck in SD!!
I made an Easter basket for my God Daughter but I ate it all
That a fat ass hoe, like the kinda hoe that's too fat fo the dick.
you already know the deal bro ! Congrats mangg
Ralph Ellison scholar & author of the novel "Invisible Man" (named after Ralph Waldo Emerson) was born 1 March 1914
..hey..I miss you...what you been up to?
Cause I would totally do that x)... HOW WEIRD O.O Really? My mom? Really? Are you sure we're talking about the same woman ...xP
“: Need some and updates asap” 37k (500BB) 150reg110 left
I pose #shoppingconundrum question to & Top dress contender just went on sale at Bloomies. Have appt at Neiman.
Thanks so much for the
Churchill's complaint about decline in vigour was in 1952 (not 1942). Sorry!!
Chubb: Innovation in #edtech likely to remain very slow if states and districts don't hop on board, encourage it.
Hanging out with my family. Hair is now a different color! :) pictures to come
I have no desire to pay attention to chemistry class -.-
Creating a Digital Art Gallery
To conquer without risk is to triumph without glory. - El Cid
What a lovely #gig you booked my dear. Props kiddo!
I LOVE Sandra Bullock. She is my idol. I would love to have an amazing career like her one day. So talented!
Follow she's amazing and follows back!18
I said this to my wife,it didn't work "If something I say can be interpreted 2ways, & 1way makes u sad or angry,I always mean the other way
I cannot believe they had Lucroy bunt. What a WASTE of an out.
Off to work. :P
it was tho
At planet fitness
Early May North Carolina scout for a late summer film? It could happen.
Whaddaya know? The cleanup hitter cleaned up.
The stories we tell ourselves shape our lives & our world… Hey, you need to tell more stories… Stories influence the decisions people make.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
jobs. Which is false, what is true is that IT IS A POOR WAY TO CREATE JOBS. Very few hire cuz they have xtra cash they hire to make
Will you be at djangocon.eu?
Im a fan of this Addai signing. If he can stay healthy he will be a nice weapon in this #Patriots offense.
Our featured vendor of the week is ! RT to welcome them to the festival this year!
RT : The worst kind of hurt is betrayal, because it means someone was willing to hurt you just to make themself feel better."
Do you like it?
AntiSocial Folks...
We're sold out, but may have one for sale. :)
ugh, i always fall asleep when i watch tv.
New phone. Same #. Hit me upp.
Preparations begin for our 10th Anniversary Gala tonight! Big thanks to and and our honorees!
I'm right there with you! V uncertain about certain dystopia-tropes that seem to be being activated w 13, though.
i've always wondered if has ever read one of my tweets. I'd probably pass out if he did. <333
and got new baby strawberry plants
ok! will find time soon. we're on summer break a week from Friday.
I have insomnia all the time, I'm used to it. :)
Babymama's and kids are expensive!!!!!!!!! :(
Today should be good
i have a couple on tumblr but more are coming! :)
I just texted a friend, asked her "whose house are we having dinner at?" I'm really hoping she texts back, "Run's house."
I go home may 7th then leave for Vegas on the 9th then come back to Japan on The 13th
Thought that she was the one for me....
Thanks Jenny!
www.myspace.com/vnivegas www.myspace.com/jun1ortat2
Adjunct faculty should be permitted (and encouraged) to teach courses in their areas of expertise! Fear not, we will still teach FYC!
ANYONE OUT THERE: w/ #allstar #race #Tickets ? It would make someone's dream come true to see ??
People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be / whether they will admit that or not.
after that show you deserved the Rolo shake. For the record I've tried one and it was glorious.
GM all
no but came out today that you will open with KU in MSG!!!
Sometimes a friendly client who loves your work wakes you up way more than coffee :-)
that may be the case because u definitely need the ppl who have initiative.
Beastie Boys I believe
Forgetting why you walked into a room
today was filled with remembering those who were silent and lived in pain by being bullied. To all of you, we love you!
I've got a job offer and I'm seriously considering it.
That's how I feel about creating metadata. :)
What better way to celebrate St Patty's Day than with $2 Stouts at Track 7. You know you'd rather be here.
“Draw near to God, and He’ll draw near to you...He’s changing you and molding you to be more like Jesus.” -
We are awestruck by 's first tweet in 13 months.
Song of the year coming up next!! Neil Patrick Harris....saw him yesterday in the gifting lounge...very handsome :)
It's official- #gospursgo have best franchise start at 18-3 with win over Warriors and are now 15-0 when they score at least 100 points.
"You have to do it yourself, but you don't have to do it alone."
Add me again I deleted my old one
hey, tell the cute single girls at your party i said hi! I cant make it ;(
thanks. It was a challenge but worth it.
I see too many cute people on thumblr but never in person.... Talk about YOCO lmao
Got a chick <3 Rae :) or
My g/f has been a huge fan of yours.We went to the PDX show some time back and she couldn't get yur autograph.Any way to get 1?
yea. I don't have rocks in this apartment, but maybe a toaster or coffee mug.
S/O 2 sexy ass thanx 4 the follow baby!!!
just finished watching the last ep. who do we have to set on fire to get a 2nd season?
Miley's episode of punk'd :)
I'll bet it smells good.
Chris Paul mind of state never out of bounds...
New agent. Good things. Working on getting them everything they need to pitch me while I network.
Ok think i might do right
at the cubs game (:
#fwprsa Glad I could hammer it home! Thanks!
Party Rock is in the house tonight!!!! So everybody just have a good time! :-)
Most haunting thing for Philip Rivers this Halloween....Fumble on the snap! Bwaahaahaaaa
ME TOO! I thought I was the only one who loves that! Hahaha
Thank u so much 4 yr ongoing support. It means the world to us. You are SO RAD + we are very lucky to share community with you. <3
Lovelovelove jersey shore
thanks for coming! Hope you enjoyed it!
are you guys open during the day on weekends>?
Atlanta bob gibbons
that's lightning quick, I have gotten 14up and 10down with my LTE before.
. Inclined planes, levers, and processors. I'd hate to waste energy answering a series of questions.
Bend over. You know how we do it. Feet to shoulders.
Haha just put on the episode where Mr. G does his drills.
People are very quick to criticize the ones who are trying to make their dreams come true…
Thanks! We've got some great galleries this year, & those pastries you love are from !
Also, I suspect many here r allowing AHB as 'they r the ones that survive'. I've seen some ferocious bees in some yards
I Don't Really Care about not having as much as others. It's more important to have infinite potential and courage. Screw
What ever happened to the kid shows where you learned how to catch monsters and that animals talk? I watch kid shows to get away from math!!
is that better? I rather just have no violent crime ITP and OTP
my home#208-376-1321 or cell 208-794-5456 Check with your dad or Ken Taylor as to my character.
Check out our new songs Stage Five and Classic!
RT : Sunday Funday begins with bloodies and beermosas at our bar.
You'd think so RT : Does that mean I can call the Daily Texan editors 'crackers'?
Today is my last awful Monday in school
I guess I'm really awesome! ": Don't worry. If you can get someone to really hate your work, you are doing it right."
RT : -I Need A Full Body Massaqe !
the fast brown fox hopped past the boring dog.
Hello summer
My great uncle taking me to play when I was 12 years old.
Hate feeling like this....the way my head swims....my heart beats...my thoughts collide...all cause of her....
Somebody get me plastic surgery, on my face?
sad how we have to lower the bar
Choosing gratitude and love today!
Now that I'm done with the #PealeBCLM photo prints inventory lists and everything is available online, I'm back to the glass negatives.
Mother's Day is right around the corner! Show her your gratitude with one of our delicious spice collections! Now 20% off...
want to work n to the bible study wbu
I just wanted to say i love you.
we picked up 3 new receivers today bro! Watch out for us next year.
I am a parent blogger from MN! Looking for a way to get my 8 yr old volunteering locally~can we offer our services?
I would probably die if followed or tweeted me. <U+E106>
idk how u haveto show me lol. DM me the web address, acount name and password
can u plz follow me? <U+2665>
Just made my first dress, and it's not that bad ;-)
Emily in NC on Dangerous Dogs list has a deposit & vol group that works with shelter says she's safe.
I hate school <\3
I had enough excitement for one night. It was fun playing the easter bunny's but it's time to call it a night! Have a gdn & sweet-dreams!
I'm kanye west lady.
Remembering those golden times when seeing Two & a half men with were best of my week. do something. SERIE IS DYING
Aw cheer up, Tucco!
“: But wait till that honors west civ final , that will be the DEATH of me.” no ones passing tht except Eric...
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/18/2011
It can only *seem* that way. #nerdularnerdance RT : Perhaps I missed my calling in phenomenology.
Thanks for the RT :)
Wood stove is cooking today 85 F right now may reach 90 down here #undergroundiron real mans gym
Off to mix the Bud-E Luv Show @ the RrazZ Room. He taught Sammy Davis everything he knows
Ok, an attempt has been made
my tumblr's so dope <U+2665>
Yeqh Hope They Repeat It && You Really Saw The
3 #hoarding those people are crazy this lady has $300000 of debt from buying vetriliquist dolls...weird and creepy
Quick screenshot grab: use MS Word, Insert/Screenshot/Screen Clipping. Right click inside the pic, "Save as Picture...."
...now our VCR is eating tapes. LOL. We are snowed in too. But still have the computer knock on wood :D. Hope u can sleep.
Agreed I just don't see NFC as the same space until I can "print" an NFC chip @ home & place it where needed. Tks for the article
my long time buyier client is closing on his first home in chicago. congrats!
Congrats ! Not that I like the Blues :p but I hate Barcelona !
Mr. Personal injury Attorney are you on Social Media? Do you have a Web 2.0 Strategy? We need to talk now.
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score!
13 weeks of summer to make that dough, gym, and beach<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><U+E04A>$
If I can't trust you then why would I ever consider being your friend?
"Your Love Is My Drug!"
I hear Rachel Bilson loves
If you don't like something, then why constantly involve yourself with it?
Jesus Shuttlesworth hits that everytime , who didn't know that was going in.
Your government is your friend. Call them anytime.
THREE WEEKS PEOPLE
Congrats, good luck, and have a great, stress-free move!
not in the mood right now </3
oh okay just checkin before i said something...when u coming back?
FREE Kraken rum till it's gone! $3 Mexican beers. Footie on TV. Monte Ellis Happy Hour. 36 assists.
-I love junk-!!!.....Tehehehehe
RT I have an insatiable appetite for these films, which may or may not be healthy. Eager to see it
Oh master of anticipatory workings. I'm just trying to get you before you're too bigtime =)
Twit of d'Week: You know what would freak me out? If I went out for a walk and there were 217,000 people actually following me."
We write for the world.
If at first you don't succeed, well then skydiving isn't for you...
Fix iTunes 10.5.1 stops responding all the time in 64 bit Win7: fixed by giving User Full Control to directory C:\Program Files (x86)\iTunes
I can't wait for my lunch break so I can prop my feel up and relax
#KCOMgrad .. it's happening! Students are ready, the stage party's lined up, and the music's playing.
o.O
- nice to meet you as well :)
If I see one more wp_enqueue_script in a header file I'm going to... argh! Do it right and put it in a function.
Having an annoying day.. it would be nice if there was somebody to make this day seem better for me :/
...printed glow in the dark ink...expensive, but glues awesome!
Time to learn to play 19 new songs by Sunday!
We support HB 1272. It will get people back to work, expand CO's pool of skiled workers
I hope everyone had a very merry Christmas and Holiday ; ) Did you spend time with your family??
ill take dykes and nessler calling #UK games over Mussberger & Knight anytime
Chillin at work
Morning Mindbender Question: What's the first thing 61% of today's college grads will do the week they graduate?
safe travels
GO GET THE FUCKIN BALL KOBE
Yes, & I think it's resetting since LED flashes. Surely I'm missing something so obvious! Going to make a video. (Thx!)
LACMA uses FB and other social media for Corridos. Love spanish songs as a call to action.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
I love how the architect placed the accessible urinal in the middle. Great use of symmetry.
Who is the best summertime band?
Walked to the bar for the first time - not sure I like the solo walk home.
Obama's new one word slogan #Forward establishes a trend that reminds me when indierock bands started naming themselves shit like 'Tennis'
More thanks to and for the folos!
thanks for the #FF as well!
:( poor bonbon! My last flight I got the gold ring, middle seat between 2 attractive single guys in their 20s ha!
#nowplaying Fever by Peggy Lee
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
Facebook is lame.
"truth is for who you looked popped with" LOL NO GUYS, NO.
Why is everyone talking about May 4th being star wars day? Star Wars was released on May 25, you are all stupid
Instead of taking the time to refill my water bottle, I just buy a new one that's already filled. Minimal effort with maximum results.
Out class early #winning bout to go to sleep
how much was it?
Gr8 job tonight on tweeting the fight.
Good morning from Fort Wayne!
Its party time!!
no :( Ill be back though! Lol
everytime I look at her its like she walks in slow motion
"How time has flown by since U where this Lil guy. Happy 7th B-Day Big Head! Daddy loves U & we'll see U on the beach this Saturday." :-)
#InstantTurnOn a girl who works out
R.I.P Donna Summer.
TedMedders, Begin ur #TEDMED Journey Clear-Headed w me daily 7-7:45am in Group Meditation-meets-Technology @ African Lounge, Kennedy Center!
Loving the nude/blush trend on the red carpet. Wish I could pull it off. Oh wait, I'd need a reason to get dressed up first.
my sister, cousin and uncle are all sleeping through this...
Wow I cant quote anything with out it getting misunderstood.....
I think he's cute.
How did this go from being super easy to super expensive?? Thank God for return policies
Don't know hadn't heard.
Jasmin Johnson: "..teaching that education is not about getting change but creating change.." great poem!
Jancis says: Be inclusive with your approach. Wine forums are often dominated by exclusive show-offs #WBC11 I couldn't agree more
I love thunderstorms all I want to do is lay in bed and listen to the crack of the thunder.
"Retirement is one great big giant coffee break"
haha thats exactly what i say !
Adam is playing at the Beat Kitchen on March 10.
Appreciate that! Stay tuned for the 2nd album coming soon and the 1st official music vid.
aw! when do you leave for the cruise?!?!
Food-based triggers work but may lead to inability to perform w/o treat. Alternate/mix triggers. Google "trigger stick" for one alternative.
I couldn't agree more. people are just jealous.
my mind
I think it auto-happens.
Just watched a video of , that guys are cool ;) they have a beautiful voice , guys you R awesome ;) call me maybe (;
Tryn 2 work it out am on my fitness!
RT : Mount Moriah is now playing the Horse Feathers/Matt Bauer show on May 15th!
And that'd be what?!?
Hahaha! Are they us?!
you've done such an amazing job with fundraising/twitter. would you be interested in making a post on the LFA DMV Facebook page?
Bagel I am eating a bagel not a dog
#vsa2011 Peter Linnett: your organization has its own culture, how does it relate to all the cultures of your community?
begins by highlighting the City's larger issues.
need to do 2 lab reports for friday... #fuckmyfuckinglife x
it's starting to rain. looks like & I will have to do drinks instead of downward dog. what a shame! ;)
we did kill it! Unfortunately no race :(“: Good luck today, we know you're gonna kill it!”
that's awful!!
I would buy this
Someone dm me to chat
I just deleted my "wedding" board on Pinterest. Feels good!
Hahahahahah very true
Last few weeks of school
Great story by Jeremy Schapp, "recalling concussions" on sportscenter. CTE is real, and a problem that will not end any time soon.
god damit... i'm in love with alcoholic tarzan..
ok James here we go :)
i feel u bro
wait tables!
I bet you wish it was a Giant Kitty. Just a little bit?
Now how the fuck am I gonna bang out this Term Paper rough draft tonight...
are some of our supporters. Thank you very much for the RT.
DRIVE LIFE IN THE FAST LANE!!!! VIDEO COMING ON MONDAY...SUBSCRIBE TO DMWILLIAMS.ORG TO WATCH IT
It is Sunday that means it is time for
Thanks for the message! Do you want to read a full length life of St. Moses the Black of Egypt? We can send it to you free!
Less than 3 weeks away! We Came As Romans, Miss May I, Of Mice & Men @ The Loft, have you gotten your tickets yet!!!
we gonna try to drop a song today.
Anyone have a solution to delusional & petty people who have nothing better to do with their lives than bring other people down?
“: R.I.P. to all the virginities that will be lost on tuesday.” wowww..lol
hit 3800 first level connections today...who do you want to meet?
Happy Galentine's Day! Hope all my gal pals are doing well!
I miss
I don't know why, either!! Lol
MIDNITE-May5 El Mari characters will lead drinkin game w/audience! Liquor treats,new performers,n yes, boobs!
I got a fat headache
We're going wi-fi free every day from 11-2 starting Mon. 6/21, to free up more seats for lunch customers.
How about 'preferred'? I can understand not wanting a new IT director deciding they can "do something better than MARC".
People paddling out wearing Seau jerseys...so far at least 200 people floating for the cause.
so high when you lay down in bed you try to fasten seatbelt >.<
dare I say it?
Hanging outside the alterbar waiting for the show..
RT : What a finish to the Broncos-Steelers game. D. Thomas representing GT and #Tebow showing he can make the nice pass!
#BetterWithChicago I would do anything to go to the concert.... I don't care if its pouring rain, blizzard, or windy... I'd ...
feeling like a twit. what's twittering? is anyone paying attention? hell
Fun fact: when eggplants explode, hot kerfuffle goes everywhere!
Have seen "The Blind Side" at least twice, but it still makes me bawl like a child
Winning? Lol more like losing..
good. I love you too
Yah! Lunch is still on tomorrow fo sho!! Quatros milpas?! What time? =) I leave for NY on Fri so I'll update you tomorrow!
Mmmhm. The last time I did that show it took about 6 mnths for the tunes to settle down in my brain.
So Freddie Mercury is going to be the next hologram. That's certainly better than Adam Lambert fronting Queen.
well got allot going on my head it on blast im thinking abotu allot and needing to make changes. oh yeah no border bash for me FML!
Enough about marriage, I propose we legislate Gay Free Taco Tuesdays!
What's the dress code a Sakura? Can I get by with jean shorts? Reservations-only makes me nervous!
california knows how to party.
A person can only try & do so much before giving up on someone they really care for...
Oh, I thought you were asking for help with the API. I work at so I've got some working code :) but not for other graph dbs.
You can marry me :))
Thank you -- hope you can help me rebook my ticket.
Dying my hair and blow drying it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
RT : The CO Senate gave initial approval the Buy American Act. RT if you agree that getting Coloradans back to work is critical!
And our crew pulled it off. Good job.
failure is such a scary thing to even think about.
send please
lol i kno.......thats what happens when people talk shit in my dreams apparently...
Happy first day of class to students!!! Go get 'em, tigers.
How about questions students have wondered about all year, then improve them & research primary & secondary sources?
Missed 11:11 by one minute.
It's 5 o'clock somewhere
Monday morn at the new job is fine, but I do miss my weekend recaps with :(
Thanks for the love! RT : - I think you should check out - awesome #Indiana tees!! ;)
yea you know I gotta show love to my #2Up boys
Just approving a bunch of twitter followers. Where do they all come from? haha
She'll make ANY city you want! :) RT : Cool!! Does she have any pictures of ones of Seattle?
Patriots' Day in MA, Patriot's Day in ME (part of MA till 1820). MA got all the grammarians, or all but 1 of the patriots
Thats what she said
would have loved to have woken you up giving you some head lol haha :)
Stop talking Jamaican
I'll be you, let's trade shoes.
What if everything around u isnt quite as it seems, when you look at your reflection is it all you want it to be?
You make me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
no just disappointed .
looking for new producers to work with dm me or send your info to me for pop / electro / top 40 beats
Fantastic, action filled finale. You saved the best for last.
Time to celebrate!
Thanks for stopping in yesterday. Extra whipped cream on an iced mocha sounds dreamy! Hope to see you again soon.
I need to go to church because I no theres things I gotta make rite wit God and myself
The truth hurts and them lies kill and you can't sleep thinking that he lies still...
Switching studios because of stupid shit. YOLO
Congrats! I was the second prize winner. :-D
People that I barely talk to see it happen to me all the time and they say "it looks like it makes you sad.." Actually it crushes me..
I just read that Flickr now has over 5 billion images. Billion. That is mind-boggling.
creating art for Artie Gras every Thursday nite at Quaker Steak & Lube in downtown Sharon this summer and Hermitage Arts Fest next weekend!
eso lo.que ay,u guys are going to rip the stage.
4Weeks left of school , lets the countdown begin :)
Men wearing a girdle or under garment can maximize recovery over a period of 12 weeks.
I get so excited when I find a good singer on youtube.
I hate that I cringed when I saw Mary Tyler Moore on stage. A shiny pantsuit for the Lifetime Achievement award?
Apparently it has become acceptable to wear gloves in the middle of july
#Gay Is Okay!
happy new year
What about the other Get Your Ex Back books? What about your competition? Fair question…I won't say anything bad about them
but idk how to spread the message :(
So busy I forgot to eat. . . That's not good, all I have eaten is a pizza pocket today . . .
RT : Newt leaves out that in Chile you have to pay into system for 20 years first
You Are More Than Welcome
eeww look ratchet to me Pass
hey sorry was in a meeting last night, where did we leave off with your job inquiry ?
going to the library with Josh in a bit,
watching the #GrammyAwards Welcome back #Adele! We've missed you! And RIP #WhitneyHouston we will miss you. And congrats #taylorswift!
my air smells like blue
might have to make the trip up from lynchburg Va
I couldn't move. It was ridiculous. Like I was frozen. I couldn't even...omg. I almost fuckin' died and I'm not even exaggerating.
Excited for the things to come , Bradford Beach and Brookfield underway, good times
picking jaw off of floor...maybe I shouldn't be on Twitter before church
Here's to the hope that 2012 will touch the "better angels of our nature." Things can only get better, right?
When the Broncos lose, contact www.QuickGymCS.com for a one-time FREE week at Quick Gym!! Do the workout the Broncos & Chicago Bears do!
That's awesome having the drivers meeting outside so fans can see it!!
I love helping #oomf with their relationship problems.
Dear CO Dept of Revenue.. your online tax system is the WORST I have EVER seen in my life. No wonder we have a state deficit.
good for you! Glad to see someone other than I still care for the elderly! Wish you could be with us in Chicago tho
Booze Cruise needs to sit!
por que no, la carreta, the matador, cha tequeria, #mexicangrub see our blog for more ideas :)
“ I don't want to wake up early tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>”
Who takes they girl to Mickey Ds tho
Incredibly... Soriano hit a K-Rod breaking ball
"The day has eyes; the night has ears." ~ David Fergusson... Go ahead, tell your story...
Anyone else get tickets to the Pittsburgh show? :)
last vid for the night............coming up
I just saw it on someone in Oakland. I should have asked because I want one, too.
Welp...who cares! Back to texting my Arkansas brother. Miss our talks.
S/o to and for sitting on the curb with me till my car got jump started
Planning a Casa Nuestra vertical tasting with grilled rosemary (local) lamb chops. Trouble deciding the wine: Merlot, Cab Franc or Meritage?
I'm with you - I had the same problem with the G+ Android App . . . .any luck?
That's a great thing:) You go girl!
you should totally follow me. I've been following you. And it would be amazing if you were following me.
Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud. ~Hermann Hesse
I want to know more about these people than their Trans history.
love everything Dustin does!
“: My parents think my friends are bad influences, but honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.”
HTC phones suck, time for an upgrade
RT my mom thinks "LOL" means "lots of love", she just wrote to me "Your grandmother just passed way, LOL"
Full metal apron baking day
they're growin up. B is 10, A is 9 & E is 6 now. Crazy right?
looking forward to seeing everyone!
attorney personal injury law attorney
there's always going to be something coming up. Just got to make it happen!
A still relevant reminder from a 2003 report! "In order to be used by practitioners, knowledge must connect to practice".
I recently encountered a bartender wearing a shirt that said "Raped by Miracles." I've been looking over my shoulder ever since...
Not sure. I always thought our job as hist was to share the knowledge with the public so they can share with others
Welcome to Twitter!
Manning on Stokley: I'm all for adding productive players.
Watching "Don't mess with the Zohan" and I love it!
Like many good things in life, relationships can get messy and complicated. And saddle you with days you don't want to do anything but...
... help digital humanists get credit from their universities for participating in new media. But, it is also meant to ...
DM the # - Derrick
Finished recording our new EP today! Now we just have to name it, mix it, master it and release it.
Best quote of the draft so far: "Hard to look good at 346 in shorts and a t-shirt. This guy looks good in shorts and a t-shirt."
should be on kindle in a couple of weeks!
#imisswhen it only took 25 minutes to get to downtown portland. Coming home today took 2 hours. No Joke.
My entire body, especially my eyes, would really appreciate the pollen counts going down
that's what's up! We gonna do one at the end of may. Make sure u help us promote thru ur fb & twitter!
"angry grapes!"
where is mine???!! You always forget me
Seems like everyone I know did a low key NYE, and I'm glad to have done the same. Going into 2012 with my head on straight.
cause we need a safety!!!!
how's life in the big apple
"Straight Edge" people who don't even know who Minor Threat is <
well that's good.
yes :D
hey yeah remember me, well i miss you :/ text me babe same number as always . we need to hangout ill come get you : )
“: My head is about to go kaboom :/” it's okay though you'll be seeing me tomorrow(:
Hey, can't hit every time right..... ?
Moving in the right direction.
I don't get it either. I don't mind it. Many athletes use their platform for various causes. He is doing the same.
I'd rather be difficult for a guy than easy
Two years in a row former UW Ath Com staffer is part of game day staff for Super Bowl champ team. should be proud.
Good morning OGI participants! Great to have you all back this morning. Welcome to the new faces in the room, (& tweetstream) too.
Clouds are high flying fogs.
Strawberry wine for
Unions/Dems/Libs just can't understand that the gravy train is gone. We're broke.
Still getting everything going with starlight and the new EP thank you for your patience....it a lot of work but well worth it in the...
I vote for Americanese. :-)
#foodallergy~ C allergic to:dairy, PN, TN, egg, canola, beef, pork, yeast
Added some new apps to my arsenal of #kdrama iOS apps: Crunchyroll's new "KDrama" offshoot app, Viki (good fan subs), <U+4E50>TV (LeTV)
You used my photo of the Wren Building as the first cover photo!
JR Smith is now 3-14 shooting tonight. Keep it up pal!
Beyond pumped for to get here tomorrow! If you're driving across WA tomorrow look for her, she's the hottie in a Honda!
What's the most txts u have sent in a month??... just had a girl on the air with 9,144 for march as of last night... for real??
NYU Housing residents: spending your NYE in NYC with guests? Make sure all of your guests have the appropriate ID req'd to be signed in.
Successfully slept 22 hours straight with a 2 hour intermission, for food of course.
Hate to be missing #SpaceUpSF in two weeks, would go if I could, it's going to be grand
Sunday is Mother's Day but never too early to send love out to Moms everywhere.
aye aye! Painfully close, i see it from our driveway everyday. It beckons
thank u
Aunts house for dinner and some softball(:
Most likely lol
Just had some toast and a cup of tea yay :) <U+2665> #feelhappy :D
Could I please get a quote on how your spirituality had an impact on your college athletic career?
it's all good dude, me and johnathan will be writing music for as long as we can :)
that is just for protools, haven't even started 3rd party stuff. must be an easier way to do this.
Being a pedestrian around mayfair is terrible. Not sure how I'm supposed to get across the street. At least it's nice out.
And that's the ballgame... Tuscon over Sacramento 5-3
Who says a girls’ night in can’t be fun and exciting? Not me. That’s for sure!
Thanks for the well wishes and congratulations. Very excited for what 2012 will bring!
I wanna know what I would be known for if I died today.
Do you have any amazing road trips planned for the Spring/Summer? Where to?
school and working lol what about you?
You did a great job flowing, being vulnerable and totally yourself. Trust me, love, you did a wonderful job. Proud of you!
Thanks to all of u in the fitness industry to be at my best everyday. U help keep me motivated!!
A manager's emotional commitment is worth more than their financial, intellectual and physical commitment combined.
Day 80 - No cigarettes or liquor!
RT : In today: flying dog wheat, pale, white, triple Karmeliet, lagunitas pils, gumballhead (gone), green flash stout 12oz +
Just got bogged down with external stuff. Plus we had problems with our tshirt order. The company canceled it twice.
"do NOT mess with him" - this morming i called a lady at the rental car return a cunt and told them all to fucking die.
Another great night in Raleigh, I love NC!
Country music makes my heart happy--enjoying the CMAs
'The country is awash with weapons', says Lourdes Garcia-Navarro of NPR as #Libya prepares to celebrate Natioanl Liberation Sunday
The BIGGEST draft pick ever is outtie. But retires in his black & gold (in my eyes).
thanks for the invite!
tonight's torture = good; last night's torture = bad! :)
my limbs are full of honey sand
Run up on Meechie you might lose ya life
it's called Hawaii. Abby and in the high 70s every day.
Thanks for following us! We hope to see the British Embassy at this year's #DiplomaticBall - sending Save the Date tomorrow.
told me to lick her butt hole, ew
what is this you speak of?!
WOW/ I finish my homework
So fed up with bull shit
My Moms Mothers Day Gift Was That i Washed The Dishes! She Better Appreciate It e.e
Yeah Homework sucks! But I like my school, cuz I have lots of friends, and we always make it fun somehow!
ok go to your house now :D <U+263B>/
I still havent seen avengers. u?
thank you Macy's 25%off.
Baby - Justin Bieber
More like seeing how people react - if Biden gets support, Obama's views will "evolve", too
I can talk mad shit about you... and you not even know it.
Happy Birthday Miss
thank u so much for the RT :) Question: What is your best advice for an actor?
#Music gets me so pumped...
Happy Birthday to My twitterless Brother Ronald Kangalee <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Well, the storms have passed....
that Akka 2.0 post was all abstractions; not one concrete feature I recognized as something I'd want. Sigh.
#John Cena vs The Rock
He follows me, silly boy. RT : Who is sexually open minded and lives "in the Rockies"? It seems can't find you.
Thanks! “: Happy Mother's Day to all you ladies out there. Our gift to you is a Jeff Samardzija start. It's an eye candy gift.”
would like next step for universities to be encouraging open or pop press publishing by faculty to earn tenure
Look out for pics from our annual Chanukah/Christmas giveaway. Pictures taken, exporting going on, chopsticks ready. Happy hols/2010 to all!
Matt here. UMass Sport Mgt alum. Dropping in for a bit.
My school has a a project where we're reading globally diverse lit schoolwide to open doors to new cultures & ideas.
The Focus Group announces it will re-brand itself as Intimate Crowd Sourcing.
where would we be, if we couldn't dream!
Can't wait!! I'll be there!!
of course they are!! didn't you know that?! They are twins!! But Pey is the older sis and the diference is 1 minute :)
Hey i'm going to go get ur tradin cards 2morrow
Literally been up for 24 hours straight.
Happy Holidays everyone. Cherish all that you have.
We will be giving away a free month membership today at one of our classes!
ok im done
In Watching YouTube I draw a clear distinction between the active audience of mass media, and the hyper-active audience of online media
When this girl doesn't text me < <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Answer the phone booty!!!! >.<
is on cloud nine, you make me smile.&& I can't wait to see tomorrow!!! Ah! (:
- I'm not in Cambridge much, but will try to stop by next time. Until then, please waft floral aromas toward the western suburbs.
I never visited your profile. Is this a bad marketing campaign?
I remember when my Grandma confessed I smoked when I was two yrs old. Didn't know how to react, so I just laughed.
Bahahahahahahahahahahaha oh my god.
Excited to get lunch with :)
Starting the day off getting my downward facing dog on
Reed Dollaz, Joey, Jihad, Marcus Manchild, Los (Bad boy)
Toolman cleaning a wall in the basement, hand went over a nail Eva had just put in the wall
Lord please give me discipline & patience<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Yes! RT : We agree, summers here are amazing! RT : A1: Chicago! The summer cant come soon enough!
"rehiring everyone" is such a rare thing to hear isn't it?
11+ mile hike in big basin - all systems down after that!
Never trust someone who lies to you and Never lie to someone who trusts you.
please email me 3 topic ideas & I'll pick 1.
okay cool haha. :)
- thanks for being the best of friends! We love you! :)
RIP Maurice Sendak
Follow Me , Maybe !?
“: dude!!! Look at that stride. Beautiful” Ha! Thanks I was running like something was chasing me.
The sudden influx of indy "gamification experts" is both encouraging and scary; I saw this play out with social media with mixed results.
Who fucking cares who everyone I follow just started following?!?! Is Twitter now using Facebook's shit-ass UI team?!? Is there no solace?!?
Nike co-founder Phil Knight served as the best speaker during.the Joe Paterno tribute
Kentucky has advanced
The gibberings of Herbert Marcuse's ghost
My new mantra... RT : so true! : Repeat after me: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
lmmfao i don"t say nothing but uplifting quotes
was definitely in a bit of a mood there.
Hello Big Tigger, I am the founder of The Complete Length Hair Product line,from Detroit
go to the store(: lol y no milk?
something like that
I even had a little Texas country playing on the iPod to make and proud!
At Lenox Lounge arguing with these BK cats. They are so stunned that I'm black!!! SMDH. Lol they know we come in all shades and hair text.
We should really think about all the tattoos we get. Nah fuck it.
yup ill hit chu up but check my music out
thePEARLSlink CEO Alexis Harbour is officially a finalist to participate in the Miss Black New York Pageant for 2012-2013!!! Stay tuned...
Wow Bucky, why do you always make my hold my breath until the very last seconds, simply amazing! Go #Badgers!!!
Alcoholism makes me want to embrace mad men.
Volunteer to Map Play today it's so easy! I'm at #park in #coloradosprings taking photos
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” - Abraham Lincoln
Yo Sour Breath Ass DF' She Tryna Wet Bra !
we're happy you are spending some of your year of volunteer work with us!
Wild animals never kill for sport. Man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself.
safe travels!
Just another rainy day doing hair.
MWP Is The New Age Dennis Rodman
doesn't exist
Hey fans of did you know that is out on Blu-Ray and DVD?
last night my dinner was half a baguette, 2 extremely sharp cheeses (gouda+cheddar), oil & balsamic dip, steak, and tomatoes and cucumbers.
how bout a followback my friend!
If you can guess middle name ill give your band a free tour.
Many SBO's think of a FB page as in "Field of Dreams".."if you build it they will come." Not so, unless you have an established brand.
Trying to find out when doors open, that's the latest we'll be there
- car getting painted pink :)
watch it as soon as you get the chance, it was the most shocking one yet!
THIS IS HOW MY PRINCE SLEEPS WHEN HE'S TIRED FROM BEIN UP ALL DAY!
Neighborhood names - yes, def. But boundary lines on the base layer graphic? Not sure. Very important data; good question.
Your the legs to my table if you break i'd probably fall on my face.
really beautiful
We love to hear that! Thanks for coming in.
Stay tuned RT Should have another bracelet give away!
Hey kids, no one's home at Google! It's an algorithm, not a person. Alan November
Simplicity is classy
Truly blessed to have such an incredible mom. Hope my kids can say the same when they're old enough to appreciate it.
Watching Preppers. I don't know why. It's not like I want to....
As cheesy as it may be, my only wish on 11:11 is for to think of me
#Twitterature Tao Te Ching- Stop wanting shit and you'll be happy. Also, don't talk about it.
its a fun song. i remember we used to tweet about back in 2009 (way back when)
Seriously, how much wine will it take to get you to come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm?
lol u get to see me and get a work out! Duh
Calling it a day at the shop. Very productive and just ready to chill.
Awesome! See? It all worked out!
Getting into Learning When there's no time or money to learn.. my conference pick for the day!
#10FactsAboutMe I'm double jointed <U+E404>
CSUDH, Here we come!
Any basketball fans catch the Lakers vs. Thunder game? Is it just me or are the Thunder a tab bit scary? Athletes who can play basketball!
Thanks for hosting the Sound of My Voice screening with last night. So nice to be in Hollywood again.
When you get it going, check out the adblock plus extension. (that tweet was meant as a DM #alfail #doh)
You're good at PR, but I just want to be honest about what your job is.
starts around six. Kendrick and big boy don't come on until like 9 or 10
it's always the total opposite for me! I'm so jealous!
Not looking forward to getting my physical :/
whats good im going to make some tea with jackie and sarah you wanna chill?
Hey , I really enjoyed our chat about mobile payments, deals, etc. last night. Look forward to hanging out again!
Our car won't start fml <3
Getting ready to do my first 20 minute straight run (week 5 day 3). I'm a bit intimidated ...
you're not playing the bluebird tonight. Hotel indigo. You're dumb.
oh harry (;
much appreciated, you #gangstalibrarian! Congrats on the new job!
oink, oink
RT #Sagittarius need their alone time once in a while. To refresh.
RT hmm... “ Rumor has it VH1 will begin taping for a new reality show 'Crude' based on the oil & gas industry in #Houston Sat!
I love hearing the birds chirp when it is still dark out!.Yes..I've been up all night & I just did the dumbest thing! I guess we do need z
not down in san francisco until Friday morning then flying to Chicago. Was going to see if you wanted coffee Friday am
FYSB is now 1ST & VINE. updates going on all of today :) pretty excited for this.
The Patriot act isnt for short term security its for long term security & has protected us -Terrorism kills liberty more
Still hoping on just one donation coming in today :)
barf. I'm an Astros fan, always will be. I will tell you what you can do with that bandwagon.
yes!! Best show ever
Krystal is a bitch. Everyone get over it already.
unfortunately my painting music seems to be "Old MacDonald Has a Farm", ;-)
You're a guy, who sits at home..willing to skype, so as to feed your masterbating tendencies..you're cheap, immoral and a jerk
whats up bro, havent talked to you in a while
Sports&Fitness Junkies and College Grads! Looking for persons that are Sports and Fitness minded contact:
I might be meeting Joe on Thursday!
Texas Roadhouse<333
RT : Admit it. At some point, you thought your life should be a reality T.V. show.
So angry!
Sounds like it was a good day! Yay. RT Perfect Q for me today! Small changes; big results.
young startups hire all kinds of other young, inexperienced people: engineers, designers, marketers - such is life...
RT : After all it was a great big world...
depending upon perspective
I'm not sure if Zynga will invest in an online poker site, but someone will try to convert those players, no?
The #Avengers w/ Michael Palmer
Joe Suhey, son of former Bears FB Matt Suhey, heard plenty about his Dad blocking for Walter Payton. "But to me, he's just Dad."
RT : Why did cross the road? To get to ! Today's deal is ACTUAL comedy, for just $10!...
read your article today at A List Apart. Thanks for the great advice.
I just woke up.. 9 pm at night and I just woke up..
oh man. i didn't realize they were out yet! that rules.
I'll be there! Promise
COMPUTER LOVE!
you too!
#melancholy #studying #thinking not a good mix...
I have been! From lovelies like yourself.
Inspired me 2 look at intentionally multiracial running groups/races. If any1 knows of these in NC- share! Access shud be open, easy, lo ...
Hoping is a winner!
I KNOW
macaroni & cheese tastes way better with breadcrumbs on top <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#sdrw San Diego Restaurant Week Dinner at Anthonys – 3 courses for just $20! Don’t miss the stuffed salmon.
Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - Good Morning!
I needed to update my Square app...I do not like the new update!
just received my B.A. in English, now I'm studying to be a Registered Dietitian.
Half shaved heads on women are the latest LA trend. It screams LOOK AT ME!!! I'm so edgy and cool!
I plastered my entire house with pennies. Now when my guests ask, "How much did this cost you?" I casually point to a wall and say, "Count."
#oomf at the gym I see you boo boo(;
Good luck tomorrow, ! And after that, welcome back to the world.
I think Madison police dept should report whenever a business with a "no guns allowed" sign is robbed. Public deserves to know if it works.
Furniture shopping and a Home and Garden show, where we met a lady that owns a furniture store that sells Amish furniture..NICE!
There is nothing more in the world i hate then when people touch my head.
I'm so sorry. My sympathies to all *hugs*
You get out what you put into it.
While watching the sabres game I might have a heart attack!
not really. I already have a girl. I'm straight
My discovery of Gluten free rice bread was heaven.... dangerous, dangerous carby heaven
Somebody call the waaaaaaaambulance for the cowboys...and for sucking in fantasy football. I hate you ...much amore though
everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) GO EVERYONE
what did you figure out with the lock screen code?
Yep! The earliest we could get the puppy would be this weekend sometime. /cc
I hate it when strangers say I don't bite "ya cause the first thing I think when I meet a person is HOLY CRAP the bitch is gonna bite me"
Time to download more Bonnie Raitt. Love her.
Congratulations to Matty Budesa! Our newest intern in Dublin this Summer!! Have a blast!
I keep forgetting that your a fellow buckeye. hehe! I only seen two buckeye trees in ten years haha!
only some
Collins wanted to save him for Bruce. That really worked out well....
Stayingg up late waitingg for 's new video (:
thats lucky too! so many people haven't been to his concert yet.
if it's a cedar 2x4 i'm all for it.. nothing like the smell of fresh cut cedar :)
Wow. I haven't seen a line around a block containing a movie theater since 1980.
Highlight of today- retaining all vases in hand while falling down a marble staircase.
“: IU wins! I love March madness” I don't know what to say
I'm still trying to figure this twitter-pated thing out so be patient with me. What do you mean; I do as you do?
Hate when people take they anger out on somebody else
I'm upset with the latest findings that in SD 1 out of 3 teen girls experiences physical, mental and or sexual abuse while dating
I think Ohio has had more snow than Wisconsin so far!
its easier, ppl dont have sex around u as much as they drink alcohol...keep it up, u can do it ;)
Romney: Middle class needs the freedom to carry weapons; banks need the freedom to siphon off middle class earnings in surprising new ways.
Jon Niese is a good kid...I FREAKING LOVE THIS TEAM!!!!!!
I like that
It's not just an issue of justice but also attracting the best students who can pastor churches in today's diverse world
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. - Saint Teresa of Avila
#nsta12 thanks for the suggestions, decided on wings and rings, game trumps good food.
We've got some music, snacks, and prizes, people already starting to line up for their #free Pinkberry! YUM!
Push It Harder Back On Me
Ah yes, the 4:30 tantrum. How I have not missed you at all.
"I think I want to be homeless in Hawaii. I wouldn't do drugs or anything, I'd just sleep in the park."
OH: "But I want to be a gigolo! Just the kind of gigolo who occasionally reads Forster."
So you just do people's requests and not music you actually listen to?
Cruising on lake michigan for dinner with SWOEA!
If Keith accepted, it would be something, but I'm not interested in debating a guy who has no identity & harasses ppl. End.
yea, just leave it all to herself, once you don't answer she'll just stop hating on you.
" converting to nudism #mvt" You'll need to start praying to Nudeha then.
Please add Seattle to the North American tour? We really want to see the boys, too.
i know man smh
Let the Tebow themed dishes begin with 's "Tebow T-Bone" now on the menu
Borked is one of my favorite words. Urban Dictionary defines it as "Specifically used to describe technology that is broken."
Rod Wittenberg: re Rule 901. AUTHENTICATING OR IDENTIFYING EVIDENCE for courts Lawyers create pdf from web pages
#AskScandal is Abigail a legit Ginger?!
U can waste ur energy griming me when u see me cause I guess u don't like me...I prefer to act like u don't exist
California is about to ban the sell of "foie gras", Foodies seem to drool over the flavor but to me its exactly like the fat on a good steak
The shins on SNL just made my day better :)
Yes they do! Thanks for the RT : Those burgers look super tempting.
Buy us Chipotle
I hate it when you're trying not to cry in front of someone, but as soon as they ask you "Are you okay?", you lose it.
I think I have more Google-branded stuffed animals/objects than I had Beanie Babies growing up.
love you too! <3
hi doll can you follow miss mimi pink please!
great! And u?
aww you're sweet sis! *hugs*
jealous you are seeing the black keys! Enjoy!
Our team is showing their Brewers pride today! #GOBREWERS!
Trouble finding us? Enter VooDoo fest and stay to the right, we are behind the purple and orange tent installation!
Little over an hour away.. Let's go I BELIEVE!
Not true. Ive been throttled so trust me, i know. #FUATT RT : except Sprint's normal speed is AT&T's throttled speed
Halloween movies on a lazy Saturday on SyFy? Yes please.
Im excited to see it!(:
The next seven days of my life is lookin great! Thanks
lets have a sleepover tonight :)))
NY bound, exhausted..
hates pepper but loves freebasing cinnamon.
this is going to be the best week ever!
Not normally one to care about #s, but only need a few more followers to break 1000. Who wants to help me? ;)
I saw my brother Carl Templeton, d'awwwh, I love that shortie so much. :).
Im laughing but im still kinda tight. Not at the girl thats expected from a hood rat, mad I let her move me out my box.
Guys who don't hate on <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
This is the BEST day
Thank you for visiting!
wht ppl think of her. Yall girls need to go over yourselves and leave keyra the hell alone! Stop being so damn jealous!
I can only project what I think is happening. When I stop projecting, all that is left is Wow! -Benjamin Smythe
Oren B. talking about scholarly publishing
Almost every "failed" initiative failed to involve and inform parents.
people love to hate the Spurs...idk why tho
15,000 tweet goes out to all my friends, you guys make me cry nutella tears. That's how awesome you are.
Landed in Detroit. Got rental car. Turned on radio. Eminem. That's the way it should be...listen local movement
y claro que lo tenemos no? C:
3 DAYS UNTIL BOYFRIEND!!!!! I'm so excited!
very welcome.
UK is ready for us. Now I hope we're ready for them. Hashtag for the night:
That's the best kind of day.
Conway Twiddie stuck in my head...
Such a beautiful yet tragic day today. Tears of joy and sorrow but as friends we rally to uplift and protect one another.
I want more info!!!!!
I smell a rivalry taking place. It's obvious, the Kings remember what happened last year.
Realizing that you won't be in school while your peers are suffering through the Friday before
I'm so down. (not kidding - how cool would that be)
I wanna keep sleeping. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
please follow back?
negative good sir!
lovee Bourbon Street! how long is that going on?
I want 2 wish a Happy Mothers Day 2 all D moms in the world, May this day b filled with lots of love & Family, God Bless u all,
if they were smart they would sell monthly all access pass for bus psngrs, or bundle w/food, drink for casual psngrs
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets. Henry Ford
Thanks for attending! We hope to see you next year in Fort Worth at
The tag is badly faded, definitely made by SELLERS.
mosquitoes buzz-buzz / the sun sinks below the clouds / I spot a firefly
same here!
I'm your most dedicated follower!
Awesome! Headed to the festival now. I'd be interested in lunch or dinner today.
Reid sets vote on debt ceiling deal for noon Tuesday.
JOSE MOLINA seems to always get big hits off us...
through the darkness and good times i knew I'd make it through
I was just kidding about being a train conductor. I want to be a bulldozer.
You can't put a value on a random act of kindness. :D You guys rock!
JUST an apple? go get some real food woman!
I don't have a problem with caffeine. I have a problem without caffeine.
Underscores what they teach in library school: that w. MLS u can go on to all sorts of jobs - even head of FBI :)
History repeating itself is usally never a good thing.
When I'm waiting in line to order my food I like to rehearse my order in my head...
#honestly I cant wait until next year. Maybe, I can finally get away from all these annoying hoes ive been stuck with for 3 years
Alex Leavitt on hack vs exploit blur, e.g.: give a friend your Facebook password, they write something bad, you then say you were "hacked"
It's a terrible night for me to work. I'm in such a bad mood.
I miss you.
I like that movie idea. Cast my daughter as the gymnast when you get the movie deal.
Sometimes (rarely) I get to dust off the old HTML skills. There is a strange peace in web coding.
i really hope u get better ;)
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
A real nigga dont tell a female "I love you" for sex.
I like your attitude.
Taking the #altsummit DSLR 101 class this afternoon. Excited to learn how to use this shiny new camera.
I am beginning to think that the hot word of 2011 will be Zeitgeist. 4th time I have heard it today...
find the right agent in Miami become hard!!
“: december 18 2011, i just want to be with you, thats all really.” just want to be with Austin ;) not me ;) cool girl ;)
Taking the ahhhmazing to SiriusXM today!!
*paces room, glancing out window*
No, But really what happened to #KONY2012 ????
Thank you for the follow!
What is seen is in the "eyes (& heart) of the beholder!" Do you see wonder or amazement or is the world around you depressing cruel & lost?
Changed my career path once more. this time its for me bitches.
i think your earlier boasting served as a Kansas jinx - I fell to that curse with ND a few yrs back:(
hi dude!
Working on another music video for you tube / Thanks for all the support <3 Kellie
!!!! RT : The legs are getting Sun tuh day
"A double circle back?! Is that even possible?" "Calm down, I'm gonna land this plane." - Zuker.
The Type of personality who is a Natural at transfer of enthusiasm and motivation
I assume daily that before leaving your house in the morning that you ran a comb through your hair... or showered. Sometimes both.
First item on my move to do list: find the nearest Target.
Ha! Nice! Wrong kind of Scotch, but that was pretty good. :)
Please feel free to make your villain a full, three-dimensional character, rather than allowing him to languish as a forced cliche.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 340
i'm enough of a self-parody..
Ozzie Guillen looks deceivingly intelligent with his glasses.
Thanks for visiting! Sorry about the bike trouble...
what r u talking about?
Thank you, Tina. I appreciated your hospitality. And your students were wonderful. So bright!
RT Thanks for the Follow! Look forward to checking your restaraunt out! Awesome, we look forward 2 feeding U
Ok, you need to score to win. But you can't win with a goalie with a .789 save pct in an elimination game.
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and
The writing on the wall, screams of sweet collapse, and a glorious chance to begin the experiment anew, tumble down dark night, tumble down.
to clarify..you are saying uk will lose by 20?
Tebow has Jesus but GOD IS A PACKER FAN
i'm so jealous let me know how the movie is
is also busy. Must have some good deals.
Hey, we need to go to Birmingham on SB!
set your location to Tehran and your time zone to GMT +3.30. Security forces are hunting for bloggers using time zone searches.
Haha RT: Good morning! And in case I don't see you: good afternoon, good evening and good night! :)
What should I paint?
Hm really? I feel like you are a minor abuser of the ellipsis...
Supporters and friends from Englewood to Rogers Park here for the #poetry of
i love social!
I hope your having a blast in Australia! Wish I was there!
Yuko is just as bad as her sister in her own way...
You'll come into luck and wealth before you're twenty-two. Remember, I told you so.
I love corn, I love beans
Working out and reading to get my mind back on the job
not a Knicks fan but I love Toney Douglas
Your the last thing on my mind at night and also the first thing in my mind in the morning. IS what Love is called???
White girls with ass is a blessing, amen lmao
I'm not sure about expert yet; I can't seem to find how to follow someone Twitter hasn't suggested?
omg this chick right there bff how old r u jkjkjkjkjklol
SOURCES: #ETSU SGA challenges Faculty Senate to Jan. 20th roller hockey game inside the Post Office. This could get ugly...
"Another SAturday night and I ain't got nobody, I got some money cause I just got paid...how I wish I had someone to talk to..
lol just the hairline. Eyes are all wrong.
ok, come one...how come Grilled Cheesus is trending higher than Roy Halladay? This is ridiculous. Do something twitter people!
BasketballWives is hilarious!!! These women are nothing but drama.
Hope you enjoyed the show!
Laker and Kobe is player of the game
So do you have an accout for #SweetP'sEatery?? If so, whats it under? {{HUGS}}
...and to devote more time as a maker, an artist needs multiple buyers. the artist begins to lose value and imagination when he/she makes...
i enjoyed it and i'm not even a beastie boys fan!
2 ceramic sculpture shows closing this weekend. We're open Sat-Sun 12-5pm at 901 New York Ave. NW--stop by for an art break!
Tickets are still available for Birdsingers at Mingei International. Program begins at 7.
WMYB on repeat:))
The only time I have deep tweets is when I'm heartbroken from the last chick or when I'm mad depress from something tragic
HUSTLIN is key to balanced diet. Get yo weight up!!
Join us soon for our new Brunch Special: $20 Bottomless Bellini and Bloody Bar, every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-3pm
Great season for the #Senators, young team gained valuable experience this year. I picked them to finish last in Northeast Division.
I should add RE: show reviews. Not from Bruce's performance but from the crowd energy
LOL RT Rudy Gay: “Biyombo told me, ‘This is my house.' I told him, ‘You have 7 wins. It’s everybody’s house.’
Dammit pickles! Score USA!!!
Kobe trolling
moving to AZ woo
#Braves pull out the brooms in Denver, sweep away the
Awesome!! Sounds great :D I'm doing very well! about to watch the John Dahl's The Last Seduction
It's National Frozen Yogurt day!! Free yogurt and toppings at Yogurtland from 4-7!! Count me in!
#nowadays Jovon Johnson (nuke) is still yo cousin lol
Do you ever suggest to these unsanitary restaurants to look into ServSafe certification in order to learn proper food safety?
yall #UK kids are crazy.... Why did yall trash ur own stuff??? LMAO
mike's dog crossed the rainbow bridge yesterday, but not before enjoying a spaghetti dinner. have fun with tupac penny. rip.
GOP starring in new musical: The vagina ideologues.
no problem!
My Back Is Hellah Hurting =( I Cant Even Move
lolol go ahead & i marry Vinny! & i'm sorry that i haven't texted you back but i love you!<3
What is your secret to shopping and makeup? I always adore how you present yourself!
My Grandpa is dying.
Are you at Acadia? Hike the Beehive - it's awesome!
Give Tyson Chandler a lot of credit dude just works his ass off so his team can win.
what up nigga
Happy Dealsday! Lovely for Nivea, classy Katie Holmes for Kamiseta, and for
I can not fucking wait for Hemmingway & Gellhorn Romance rules
Happy May Day--look up your local occupy website to see what protests are taking place today.
Tweet deck setup complete
Finally watched episode of u all clowning on the U all nailed it. They are stretching truth for TV.
but where should we go ??
Anyway, im off to eat my chocolate chip waffles like a dinosaur. Rawrrr.
Lol failing timed writing tomorrow
Mattress King has the lowest price on Tempurpedic beds! Nobody beats the king. Win a tempurpedic pillow tell us why you need one & like us.
#teamfollowbaack If you need someone to plan an event for you, Im your person. Contact me at
Homes has one for sale too in Estates of Pitchkettle!
Beautiful evening at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012 - W Houston & N Frio! Fajitas, burgers & drinks w/Chente Barrera & Ramon Ayala
Please tell me there will be bull riding at the pasta establishment. DC needs more of that! (cc: )
I totally second that notion!! Someone who makes everything seem legit through correct spelling...maybe? Just sayin' <U+2665>
I'm glad the cowgirls lost!!! Now y'all can shut up ha!!!!!!
I know you are busy, but I am making history. I have a strong education and a dedicated past to fighting for WI.
Headed to 13th inning..
Yooo! I hit your email with that other record last night homie...
why am i so excited for Liam to upload his pictures from his vacation at universal fsdlkfsdklf
Did I say 'yesm' no I did not, I said "Yesmm" totally different.
LOVE UK GARAGE!!!
We are live, #Office365 is running for all faculty and staff at UNO.
i know, it was weird at first but now im addicted
Thanks to all who made last weekends Easter brunch a success and remember Every Day's a Holiday, Every Meal a Banquet!
RT : When I'm alone: *dances around house naked* When someone is here: *dances around house in briefs*
RT : What night was #PerryMason on in 1966? Don was watching it waiting for Megan to come home
I do believe, help me with my unbelief.
Up for role on Royal Pains today. Drop offs to several recently met CD's and a meet w a director for some fight choreography. Luv a busy day
Choose to manage and control your problems instead of allowing them to manage and control you. Your outlook on life will completely change.
Life resembles a novel more often than novels appear like life.
Any new u/w photography techniques showcased, by chance? Saw how to photog w/florescence filters at DEMA2011 - want to try it!
Ima a slut <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> oh well
how was your day? RT
and it's attached to a cord several miles long.
me and my friend are having a singalong to Stephen :')
Parking ticket... That's just awesome
Yes- traveling and speaking a bunch this month, creating new audio product, grateful for life.
I wanna see Hunger Games. <3
thanks for following me! :) I love you guys!
haha that sounds about right. That's tight you still got a semester left then your out right?
Happy Friday ;^)
I sent you a DM with my name.
Can't quite seem to make that work. Used =IF(Cell > 0, cell/other cell), and it works but returns FALSE for anything w/o data
RT : Proposed Stage 2 MU rules went to Office of Federal Register this morning but won't be posted until tomorrow
I have no clue what hes talking about but you never hit me back Johnny so we're no longer cool lol
Our move is now complete - PHEW - double the space for less $$ and closer to our home in Oakland - it is not the scary world that the media
No problem I just had to share that fact!
Send us some love and we will retweet it and make it 1 of our favorites! :)
i cant believe casey anthony was found not guilty
"I write doodads because it's doodad kind of town." Dorothy Parker, who would've rocked on Twitter. Alas.
man fuck these politics bra #PIL2 sells and album sell 6k but bad albums like C4 almost sell a mill in the 1st wk
Air Force F-15E Crashes in Southwest Asia
e, kindness and positivity with others
thanks sir. A topic close to my heart!
KOBE WAS HOT TO LOSE A LEAD...
Yes, I may meet a million pretty girls That know my name But don't you worry 'Cause you have my heart
Like what happened with mp3 players, right? Did they fall behind after iPod? So hard to remember...
#ff - lots of great, local deals
I love when people ask for my help...then don't have enough confidence in me....and go ask someone else after I just busted my ass off.
Heading on with my boy right now on in Baltimore to talk some #Caps!
FRIDAY FISH FRY!!!!!!
a puppy that doesn't bark? Sounds like a cat...
i am really tired, Good Nite
whoa man. Far out.
Oreo's do the trick when its late RT : I need candy, now.
Back to Business! We took time off to develop our new recycled-content paint. Introducing Simply Colors! Coming soon to a store near you!
bumped send before finishing: it's worth seeing even if you're deemed antisocialbeast
TAKE ACTION WITH AUTISM-Get the most for Your child or help someone who has a child with autism? intervene sooner than later
If you are tweeting at tech trends please also use the conference hash tag so we can archive the conversation.
Austin Rivers
taking my momma out to eat~
Ditto Tom, look forward to your tweets. :)
EMS are like rock stars here with their flashing lights and free stickers. But it'll only last until the firefighters show up, they say.
yeah i've been getting those- phishign RT : ...email from Amazon that say something about a cancelled order. [4/4]
Happy Friday, December 30, 2011... have an awesome day!
the custard jokes seemed to go over well, though.
Great to meet you. Have a good trip home!
Looking forward to seeing
Fear kills everything. Your mind, your heart, your imagination. ~ Cornelia Funke
Congratulations to CIS of Wilkes County on becoming CISNC's 16th affiliate to be TQS Accredited! Thank you for your all your hard work!
downtown enjoying an amazing first round of drinks and sushi
"how do you teach creative thinking if there is no such thing as an original idea?"
Ohnoz :( RT : Now we can't ring in a new year, the Mayans were right!
The Chief Keef beat is already poppin'. I can't wait to hear what Kanye does with it.
Wish I were in Chi for this! "From Haggis to Headcheese-The Fall & Rise of Odd Bits” Headcheese=delcious
Home #drunker than drunk
Meleik reviewing business plan for 1st Career Day at a Brooklyn, NY junior high school. May 27, 2011
Sorry , I #dontcare about the chargers vs AZ game but I'll happily #blackout with you!
is now following you. You can now send us a direct message.
Whoa! That's really cool!
I love talking to my brother. He always gives me a positive vibe :)
Checking out three movies tonight, Chronicle, The Devil Inside and The Woman in the Black Window
Lol all these giants haters smh
Listening to the "Who"!!
Sun gets more intense again, make sure you use sunscreen!
Cripple H, Cripple H, Cripple H
heck yeah that's be sweet madden 2015 3D with on the cover.
bummer loss by the Pens
#bestfriendtelepathy . it's bad, Chris.
US Army vet; Watercolor painter; golfer, bowler: MOM!
make sure u follow my magazine
Date night w/ tonight? Yes, please! Predicted #rainstorm will make it even easier to stay inside w/ dinner & movie.
ahh that's the worst, I actually had another one a few days ago
R.I.P. Lisa "Left Eye" Lopez I can't believe its been ten years.
#nowsmoking Cortez Connecticut Torpedo on the course. Another perfect fall day in the DC metro.
Done deal!
You'd have to give a 10 yard head start
Would you live in space if you could never come back to earth?
Oh my gawd I hate you! :P
Just had a 'this could be anywhere' moment down in columbia
Just because you have an opinion and a way to distribute that opinion doesn't mean you're right. ~ Lee Odden
I need a digi003.....That would be dope
Great session with Worked on a r&b & hip hop joint. Loved being back in the lab cooking again with the 'maestro of mayhem'!
I'm here too! Look up, and to the right ;)
i'm well. haven't talked to you in forever, but that's cause i'm never home. might come to the A in the summer though.
he gave me the communist manifesto for my 16th birthday. he said "have you heard of the velvet underground?"
about $4.00 after the Gov't robs you. RT : Have now earned $6.14 for featuring ads on my site.
Congratulations to our lucky winner who received Josh Groban tickets on Today's show! Have fun at the concert!
I had about 2 glorious days that I had cam working then time Warner konked out and I'm back to square one. Damn.
1 they are listed as none profit. 2 they are protected from goverment interference do to freedom of worship.
Bitch if i had it i wudnt give it to u !!!
I love when a compositional breakthrough happens away from the piano, & it works even better in sound & time than it did in my imagination!
RT : VCC says they didn't fill 2 building inspector positions last year bc they didn't have qualified candidates.
Just arrived at the CSI & Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit. YAY!
wow is that u w/ miley?
Digital panel rocked!! So much to cover, too little time!
I can't wait to see him in Oklahoma
#sportingkc Tricky out there. Raining harder, it seems. No injuries, please. Good job #roadron . Hunker down!
The most powerful and purest form of love is found in the relationship with God
Dick Clark being gone means I have to go back to the days of being depressed about my own life on New Year's Eve.
Done! Tom Guffey is sending pages to the printer as we speak, er, tweet.
umm where i stay or nationality??
If you can't admit when you're wrong, you'll never learn from your mistakes.
I realllyyyy hope that u see this! if u do, it'll definitely make my day! I love u Zendaya! :D
that's what my sister says too. I'm not a huge honey fan but I'm willing to try anything. Thanks!
Thanks for the RT sir. -
When you see Tommy Lee Jones doing commercials, you know the entertainment industry is in the shitter.
wait for me. Im bout to come up there!
Only I would have a sleep over the day before school. :)
#CodyJakeUstream #GoldCoastFinest #AubreyCrowne #WelcomeToParadise SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS for being so #Fly :D
Strippers will thrill, drinks will spill, and drugs they heal..
2012 is everyone's year!
YAAY!!! KEEP VOTING!!!
you'll get to 3k though, maybe not by her deadline but you will! :) what's your instagram & I'll follow you :)
BRITISH BIEBER IS GNNSFJKAKFJD
I am writing you out of exasperation. I don't know what to do next. I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
S/O to and for makin the trip this weekend fun and drama free!!:)
#MaraMonday yeah buddy
yea my favorite BTR guy is James and are u making fun of me
Yep, at the printer and expected any day!
yep!! Very good point. Lol
This is just sad
There's nothing like hand drawn animation. Watching Beauty and the Beast.
No good #AprilFools pranks today? Guess I need to venture out from #ghosts and #paranormal more often...
its ok :) maybe later this year i'll make another one :)
Oh okay that's fine and I see Chris Brown is backing you up.
Oh good call. Might have to
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. Alan Watts
All I can think about is PROM! You hear me ? #ah (:
Um did anyone feel that hurricane roll in last night?
#MyDreamFor2012 Is to meet & ! I'm taking with me!:)
I don't see any NBA fucks occupying jack shit.
Shaking like a mofo.
I wonder if guys ever get jealous that girls somehow get away with wearing huge hideous puffy coats that are insanely warm all winter <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E>
Last lil kickers Saturday class for the winter session. New season starts Tuesday. www.internationalindoor.com for details.
Go on, grab your hat and fetch a camera. Go on, film the world before it happens.
I dislike new people.
RT : The natural gas industry commercials Talking about how safe shale Is feels Like a parody commercial from Robocop.
i love ewacks
We fcks wit you my dude.
Come toThe Persian Ghazal: A Conversation with Roger Sedarat, author of “Ghazal Games” 7 pm tonight, SDSU Storm Hall 247 Free to all!
Join us on facebook so you can see the latest styles
“Waffle Wednesday” is alliterative and truthful. HOW CAN YOU ARGUE WITH THAT, TWITTER???
Um yeaaahh. duh!
Just had a fender bender. That was awesome. Hoping the guy doesn't report it to my "auto insurance!"
Editing and homemade buffalo chicken pizza, definitely a good night
Oh we'll take that chance
I'm the creator of Astrid, would love for you to share your thoughts good & bad when you get a chance :)
4/4 if a flock can chase away a predator repeatedly it may decrease the likelihood that that predator will return.
Call me crazy but all 5 players from last year are not leaving.
Inside every PC guy is MAC guy dying to come out
Sorry I missed that, thank you! That will be helpful ;-)
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL!!!!!!!!!
tell her to wear that shirt on Monday nite. I will be watching the final from Baltimore at CNI
unless I hit the lotto not anytime soon! Lol all I can say is scared $ dont make $! it seems like they scared down there smh
Awesome! Good Luck!
Nothing but my own fear and distrust can separate me from the love of friends
oh my god, hahaha. i just watched it, it's hilarious! LOL
I guarantee you will like it.
Appreciate the follow!
#JustRead. Because soon, very soon, the presidential race is going to suck all the air out of the room.
damn u are soo tense this massage you so need it girl x)
merry Christmas to u too
Your welcome I hope we can be friends
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 12
We have 2 more tickets to Wine & Dine Wisconsin today. Anyone interested in going to the 2nd half fo the show today? Comment or message us!
i was terrified, and thought i was going to throw up, but it was awesome!
Turned TV off as soon as the Shaq rap started. Made it just in time!
Asian finance professionals want promotion
Excellent. I filed a few extensions too. :-)
leave my boy alone you freaking dumbass PinkHat
I Hate Wen Ppl Are Hypocritical About Hypocrisy .... -_____- GTOH!!
Amen Sista, whatever you do... Keep it wet, and Keep it Cummin! :)
ok good luck fam go in. I hope the fans don't gotta wait 3 months to see it....
and there's already a snake I see: The protagonist? Can I play that part? ;)
#1DUpdate Avocado is code for Niall's cock.
m #freedonuts at work =) stopped productivity thoughout the lab
Me and my mom are jamming out to my heart will go on.
TheatreSports Team meets tomorrow at 7pm! It's open to everyone who has taken a Level One class. We're lookin' at you, recent graduates!
Is this your real twitter?? ((:
Just gang banging on des hoes dats out here wit me
#NP Kid Ink - Time of your life
MT Let's see if I got this right, a 747 can carry #NASA's shuttle on its roof, yet they will charge for overweight baggage?
MODEL CASTING FOR HAIR AND MAKEUP EMAIL for more info
:o That is outrageous.
RT : Yes. The TeaParty (IMO) is more concerned with being anti-Obama than ideas.
Someone, anyone, text me
It doesn't mix well with saliva, so it's hard to break down and swallow. And since it's a spice, it burns like hell.
that's awks cause your not at work...
After a 11 day break I'm back on twitter. Based on my tweetdeck scroll I've missed a lot.
Go head and do ya thang
you're alive? you tweet? in the daytime?!!!!!!
#birthcontrol debate lets #Germans think Americans are crazy. Some explaining to do for
Thank you!
out of 800 tickets for the Kirko Bangz show their is only 100 left and those will be gone in a week, hit me up! ASAP
Neil Plank '02 and Deandre Buchanan '03 also transferred RT: Is Uthoff the first Badger player to transfer under Bo?
Last Day to enter!!!!! RT : is giving away 6 nights at any of our #hostels! To enter,...
If you're not a regular at a locally owned business you don't know what you're missing
Oh bowling green, KY. I will see you tonight at my show...
ohh lucky why so early!??! Im hungary :( lol.:-)
call my house
Had a dream last night that one of our commissioners wanted to integrate more foreign accents into speeches and wanted PIO's help. So weird.
Bad joke on us French mister...what makes you better?
Getting ready to make some of the best spring rolls around, thx to Delores Schatzel!
with Sherman going to #Dolphins, don't you think DeCastro is perfect? Think back to Wahle & Rivera for
Tx for RT of our new DC page. You're the best!
Heading to the airport. SMF<U+2708>SLC then SLC<U+2708>SAN
yay!!! Are you gonna rush?
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy.
. goal is 2 get 2 asteroids for 10s of millions today & single digit millions tomorrow. Today it costs hundreds of millions.
aye bro yo new mixtape is it on datpiff
Let's go Ryan Clark lol
good! Haven't got my tickets yet! I better hurry!
i hate when every second my parents tell me to clean my room or do something like I'm not gona do it if you keep on asking and asking.
Google Searches for Mobile-App Experts
what's up? just got my attention".
lmao I didn't realize you were talking about central I'm talking about orlando
I just hope the Celts can beat the 76ers. I'm nervous....“: Don't overlook the 76ers just because they're not Chicago
Trying out a new version of tweetdeck and missed your message earlier but I say go for it. I wish I could golf today!
Dr. Steven Hyman: The current DSM guidelines are arbitrary.
"is that a mirror in your pants? Because I see myself in them ;) " lol oh gosh
Go Dukes!
I fear chlorine is going to be my permanent signature scent.
you are the best! Hope things stay calm at the office today.
do i get one for me and Lil?
RT Good morning
Me too. And I have the tour t-shirt to prove it.
I like waking up and starting my day with Yoga
I'm looking at my budget for the next two weeks after all the bills have been paid. It doesn't look good
just ate at Crabby Bills with the fam, now at Ybor City!
lmao shits entertaining, i dont know! Com get yur shoes today. I work a double
I touched a stingray!!
Bout to get it in!!!
Depends on what kind of weed you got?
Wow, thanks! So glad you had a good time!! Come back and see us soon!
And I'm Still In Love With You...
I made my first royal flush!! Called BB with QJh flop Kh3s10h turn Ah river Kc I put guy behind all in he calls with 45h. YAY!!
R U GRADUATING THIS YEAR OMG CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't follow people with no picture or a picture of someone in one direction lol
Madrid were really exhausted in that game
Chances are Hope's #TornOutPages. It's time for me to write again.
back in nyc. THE GOOD SPOT LA was killer! now rock with me at Pink Elephant tonight!
From having to critically examine the basis of your own assumptions.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex climax. That shit is so sexy.
The says § 108 governs all library copying, but #GSU allows a huge universe of "systematic" #fairuse for reserves.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a case of Franks Red Hot.
someone text me . i will love you foorever .
im to excited! #<26 hours
just wanted to say thx for talking soccer
#Homecare offers a significant shift from the earlier concept of placing the loved one in an assisted living facility.
Did it have to be a tea-bagger though ...
Thank you for the resource! I'll check it out.
Google should have named +1 to =1.
listens to Joe Bataan and Pocahaunted while doing final grades and comments
2 hour nap FTW!
Question are you still considered athletic if you haven't played a sport in 2 yrs and your figure is still the same.?
ALA Executive Board Candidates' Forum starting now.
is relaxing after a long week.
hey that link is the teaser i put up! :P
: Avacado may be the perfect food. That is all. ###
If anyone dislikes Turn To You they obviously don't respect their mom
Noise Machines for Sleep - Can White Noise Machines Help You To Sleep Better?
Lets trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris
If you work with the citizens of #Baltimore they will work with you! Look out for one another. - Major Russell of Balt PD
petya I love you ! <U+2665>
It is the nature of babies to be in bliss. I am in bliss. :)
Crayton was solid for six years with Dallas. Moss played one year in college. Plus, you cheered for the Roy Williams trade.
I would take the Cats and the Orange starters vs the Bobcats. Match-ups are scary favoring the college teams.
yayyy I have a few ideas I just gotta write a script. omg im getting excited!! Can you direct & star in your own movie O__o ?
being called darlin >>>
It's Thursday!!!!!!! So come check out the NCAA games and hang out for some Karaoke tonight!!!! MEET YOU AT THE TURTLE
there's always a better tomorrow..
G'nite everyone. Kel will follow up with you about that pic tomorrow..hahah. Xo
& it's only ONE WAY to find out !
Holy lack of boundaries! A comm major about to graduate should know that "hello" is not an invitation to share your horrific life stories.
it's gonna be alright...of mice and men and sleeping with sirens are gonna be at the main stage.. But idk yet lol
not sure whats going to happen in game 7 but I feel like its torture being a sharks fan
Running on fumes
cash out is SO FINE.
We loved having you! RT : thanks for having us last night!
i need some better earphones.
I'm allergic to something, but can't figure out what...
Catching up on new followers and sadly a bunch of unfollows... haven't been doing enough to keep their attention. Must correct that!
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I never wore make up, I go natural :)
What's the best thing that happened to YOU this week?
Taking a break from my studies and bowling a few games with and friends.
haha sorry i just had to
i think alcoholism derived from taking the addiction of food to another addiction..
What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God. ~ Eleanor Powell
Last couple days in #Bogota - will miss an amazing group of colleagues here.
how are you today? :)
Watching the #puppybowl makes me wish I knew as a puppy.
Always a pleasure Patti! Love connecting with design professionals :-) Kudos to you, Barbara and Adele for organizing this!
...then again, do you think she knows she's an idiot? ignorance can be bliss...
"It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself." Muhammad Ali... What about you
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
When a really good shooter can't make freethrows<<<< lol
It's a pen fetish! So jealous, wish I was there to GraB THEM TOO! lol
BSP sounds like Mac got bored, and made some quick beats. Cool album, but does not fly on the same level as the mixtapes.
Save the Date! 4-5 August | RCS "Eye Movements, Reading, Visual Attention & Automaticity: Are They All Related?" by jack Richman, OD.
not cool...
Position open for attorney with #crossborder #lending experience in-house in #NY. For more info email .
gotta avoid the enemy!
i got the missing pieces for you bro..
Oh baby thanks so much!! XOXO
- Hey Skylar, can you follow me please? Love you girl!
. . .for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing. ~Oscar Wilde
Is she clutching her pillow tight? Did the light exit? Did the night enter? Did she take your hand? Go off to nevernever land?
I got my point across so I had to stop
Home sick...I may need 2 hit NY for a few dayz..
it's on twitter top stories and also on billboard ..
Phil has the eye of the Tiger! He is leading the field at #pebblebeach #PGA in everything including fist pumps. Phil about to get win #40 :)
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. - Julie Andrews
Make me tsunami ...
Church was amazing!!!
M the Brad is like "Riverwest Stein on steroids" - Brad
Impatient progressives continue to empower the Tea Party. Obama has not capitulated to them--his 'progressive' base has.
Oh, I guess this is ant-flavored honey.
On my way to Katy :)
#np bell biv decor when will u smile
ALSO - guess who got a pink stand-up mixer :D :D :D
Fafsa is such a headache
I realized I'm not as strong as I thought. But it's ok that's why you have friends, so they pick you up when your down
Spent the first half of the day filming a culinary arts class. The second half I'm visiting the basque block for a beer tasting.
almost done not yet
Last 2011day to do something sweet, tender, smart, kind, and most of all - not stupid. End it on a good note. Wake up tomorrow happy!
Anointed Worship leaders & with the PASSIONATE acoustic session.
I really hope you don't end up the mayor of that. Get his cab # & report him to 311.
Game 7 Wednesday night. Seguin gets the game-winner 3:17 into OT
Holy Moly!!! Do whatever it takes to go see the Michael Jackson Immortal Tour this weekend at the Staples Center!!!
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
I love this weather. Chilling in my neighbors backyard waiting for to come over.
I'll give you a follow for the pix of us at Riverfest!
lol well I wanted to work #noriskybusiness in there. And I loved that you rhymed!
Yes!...it's all so confusing with conferences now...
Just heard a great call by Marc Barrett. Icon in the industry and sharing his knowledge with others.
are you alright darling?!?! im here for you if you need me :)
I was never used to niggas that was used to being broke so i started sellin coke
But I hate when I get attactched to characters in books then get all depressed when I finish the books.
I wonder what goes through your head when you hear my name.
lol. :) Now THEY are adorable. ;)
Whenever my grandma comes to visit and I hear a loud thud from upstairs, I go for a coffee and think about the cool stuff I just inherited.
hang out!
thanks for the heads up on that
Who do you fear more from Texas? Nelson Cruz or Josh Hamilton? Hamiltoin is unreal, hitting 409, 7 HR's and 16 RBI
Welcome back, Gino's!
#FF The go-to gal for all things Historic Third Ward:
8 am lectures. 0 hours of sleep.
Every evening I turn my worries over to God. He's going to be up all night anyway.
we have to hang out soon. I miss you ):
We're finishing up a couple awesome websites that we'll share with you shortly! Meanwhile, what are ur favorite websites online?
Karl Lagerfeld? How does your foot taste! No cupcakes for you!
burned 59 calories doing 10 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
Great! :) Thanks!
aww you're talking about me right? i thought so xoxoxo
agreed Thomas, drumming and rhythm serves as a useful anchor. Thanks for the follow!
yep! She happens to be my sister-in-law!!!
@ I have a question for you
#9RoundMinute: 20-sec Wall Sit...x 2. Between sets, use 20 secs as a rest before going after the second sit! HERE WE GO!
where u at bro
holy hangover ......
Welcome Love the new twitter page and website! Attention fans of modern architecture.
look at you go!
"6:00 arm. The world colors itself again./I try feeling the Braille of the day./The sky, so far, is white as aspirin.../ Barefoot I wait"
I think Enroth might start in Boston. Start resting miller for next year.
Any tropical fruit requests for a seasonal waffle vacay?
14 YEARS. 14 LONG YEARS ARE OVER. CONGRATS, CATS ON #8!!!
Despite all rumblings to the contrary, there is much to be thankful for! Friends, family, you! Happy Thanksgiving!
Grumble...grumble....grumble....
So glad i went to my Zumba class this morning! Such a great workout!
Use a creamy cleanser that contains niacin to help with dark spots.
"TELL YOUR FRIENDS ALL ABOUT ME" SEAUX
yeah, I'll probably be there a little bit later than 430 though.
guess who finally finished her last make it take it part. c: im rendering now, then i'll put it all together and upload it (:
Leesa I am ready for a contract!
Haha no! I have a sub! And you could put it in a price of paper like a note! Can you?! :)
Please I don't feel threaten by you. At all Lmao ;)
Waking up at 3:45 a.m to leave for track meets <<<<<<
you're not fucking perfect so stfu
Just quoted Break Stuff with a coworker is proud somewhere haha
in Firefly they would have called you "Shepherd"
A little Will & Grace before I start my day <3
wish I could! I've been driving my sisters car all day. I shoulda just drove up to ste gen!!
give this cutie some love and follow her for me please!!! :-)
The 720 bus doesn't come when the nextbus data says it will in 2 min, and arrives when it says it will come in 13 min. FML
#BandsILove Memphis May Fire, Pierce the veil, City and colour, Death cab for Cutie, brand new, like moths to flames, crucial dudes.
tweet me
Ate four slices of dominos.
time 2 write RT 1900 published academic papers in top 20 marketing journals (since '82)- only 106 related directly 2 #pricing!
Indianapolis, Indiana- need female for swimsuit shoot. Pay is negotiable. No nudity. (Casting Code B3)
RUmor has it on line
So megabussin it yet again..... Time for the rest of spring semester!
it's hard for hoes to stop
They're about to play 's new single on y100! Heard it on the beach with him the other day, it's amazing!
It is only 10 AM and I have been up for 5 and a half hours...something is wrong with that.
This or That? REAL or FAKE #Christmas tree?
You always know the right things to say... <3
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be taking a nap right now!
I have to go play that game some time.
have a safe Halloween weekend everybody!
oh geeze...this really changes things in my pantry. Im pretty sure I've got some opened brown sugar from oh....2008. yikes!
Went to go see American Pie Reunion, wasn't that funny, couple good moments though
It's your Direct Message inbox, I get to send you nudie pics of me privately. If you wish. :)
Please follow us on twitter
Be smart about your snack options, make sure they are healthy foods to keep you fueled between meals not not high calorie treats!
I hate when slutty girls try to get sympathy for being slutty
good. You're too pretty to hide from the world. Lol.
she be eating 3 dollar bag of takis for a appetizer
Do i have to pay 7 to get in?
to be honest, a hell of a lot my man. But in a good way. #happytobeworkin #hustlin how bout you?
#HonestHour i used to give my power away to people way to easily. I learned that if you dont work towards pleasing others, you live happier.
Make sure to watch Season 25 Behind the Scenes tonight on OWN for the Ultimate Australian Adventure
our #doubledutch crew isn't quite the same without our music, hopefully #chblockparty lets us bring in our jams today to make double, dutch
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the ins-and-outs of his drunken adventures, from the streets of L.A. to Taco Bell .
That totally doesn't sound weird at all. : )
Too funny! I'm down 35lbs since January 1.
I need to get on that. Keep hearing it's great. Now that californication done I should fux with community.
S/O 2 all my followers <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Show me a picture of your baby, ! #playdate soon.
Man the #spurs so damn disciplined.
On the verge of some amazing things as we take to the next level. Slightly overwhelmed and excited!
Not Believein Nobody Today, Don't Lie Ta Me .
I need Skylar to be safe!
This afternoon start stuff is bullshit, but I got this. World Series bound baby. Watch me dominate Verlander.
So far, his first two "resolutions" haven't worked.
all BLACK and WHITE socks???!!!
Well I am Doing 2 New Awesome Videos for all to Enjoy and just taking a break...P.S Played trampoline Dodge Ball<< Hello
Other than the technical difficulties with voice, it was great! Thank you so much for putting this together!
Don't Do That!! You come see me?
we are watching
#io12 academic tickets sold out. the process was more luck and tenacity than first-come-first-serve
Money may all day er day... Best fighter in the world. Can't wait to hear the critics find something this time
Sheriff's Office confirms meth lab bust in northern Scott County
Happy Monday, everyone & hello to our newest follwers.
Fat people always look guilty at Outback Steakhouse when answering affirmatively to the query: "would you like some bread and butter".
As soon as I got home I threw on my #FNO shirt and danced to the Glee cover of Fashion. I'm obsessive.
THAT WAS THE BEST ICARLY EVER! ONE DIRECTION (; <3
whatever I'm honing my vino skills so I can impress ladies lol
I'm not ashamed of my beauty. You can see what I got.
Feel like a Taxi sometimes
thank you for keeping Deborah's name out there.
Every pore soaked in beauty and wonder today. Thank you gorgeous Cunningham dancers and administrators!
I wish I could, but my phone's off. Facebook message?
why lie? 99% of our teachers sick days are for mental illness
Lol shit's been messing with my head all day
": Why Bynum all gray? Looking like Morgan Freeman from Bucket List. Lol" now thats funny!
Doc and I added another dimension to our dice game, we'll try it out on the Port Richey ship before taking it to Vegas.
Wow im on the bandwagon now
I just thought that was interesting that I actually had all the pictures that they were talking about & many more :)
That young lady on Baylor's bball team (Britanni) is a beast! she is a force & absolutely awesome!! 2 handed dunk! CRAZY!
My problem = I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME -
& my ex be wit them childish ass games
END IT TAKER!!
We can't name your state Columbia because it'll be confused w the District of. I know! WASHINGTON! No confusion there!
That's a whole different level of awesome right there
What are your memories of Dick Clark?
Camping tip 102 from "you can comb your cat with a fork and tenderize it too"
Nightmares about moving rank up there with ones about school.
Four pages and miles to go before I sleep. More coffee.
If you text me first, you are legally obligated to continue the conversation!
The real game. Foot ball is for wimps!
Thank you, doll! I have been neglecting my shop for a while now. :(
Never been to the Nats stadium, comparable to Wrigley?
that is actually correct. How did you know that? haha
New request sent in a direct message from
Finally watched "Crazy, Stupid, Love"...loved it!
Or a few percent of adults sext multiple people?
Mac n cheese baked beans n a hamburger, ^_^
Congrats Donna!!! That is awesome!
Out of curiosity, what do you tweeps prefer, RefWorks or EndNote?
Great job with the statue presentation. NOT! Makes sense not to do it in a stadium when you're 2 hours before game time.
welcome to 2012...i shouldnt talk, i am rarely on here.
I'm emailing you some tunes now, so sorry for the delay!!
I wrote you a letter once. But I never sent it. I told the beat I loved it, and I meant it.
RT : Results are the focus, game or activity is the means not the end, if your product owner owns the end
Happy Monday! I really don't want to see any more beef again for a long time.
Heading to JELD WEN field for another Portland Timbers Broadcast!
4000+ new tweets related to #wikileaks in the past minute and it isn't a trending topic? Yeah, Twitter is definitely interfering. =O!
lunch at Bella Nashville highly recommended, especially the iced mate
lmao yeahh :D can you imagine though? dry water? that much be like he worst thing to ever have to go through
any Ohio kid that goes to the latrines is the worst kind! Regardless.
The LORD is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works. Psalm 145:9
If you want to do an internet radio show contact me, I might have an outlet for you. The very 1st and largest station
was it just me or were they holding CM3 facemask all game!!?
Anyone else hear my name on the radio just now?! :D
Very funny. Twitter brings the whole world together! :)
thanks! Just landed, had a nice flight.....hope it stops raining 4 you! Where in Alabama are you going 2 be?
When you get a new shirt that you love and want to wear every day. <<<
Have you ever had a tattoo that was infected?
Going to the royals game tonight but wish I could be at livestrong park to catch the opening of the "members club" and root for the wizards
Hey make sure everyone check's out me and bieber's stores at
Crap. I didn't even know. RT : So, the silversun pickups show at hard rock is over. It started at 6pm! :(
Ha Yea
I agree Jack, great DC Alum Chapter and good to see you there!
Trivia with DJ tonight. Play to win free drinks and even a cash prize. Also, please welcome our new Wed bartender
hustlin' steaks the best steaks in west philly 4617 lancaster ave
thanks for the retweets!
is the best :)
That's what she said.
thanks good sir!
the cable guys were SO hot.
That's exactly what I was thinking. It's a free show for UW students, so it'll be too crazy for me. Plus, he'll be back, I'm sure.
Um, #senioritis is starting to kick in and I'm still a junior
The girls of DREAM are now known as LADY PHOENIX to those who dont know! New group! The girls are Melissa Schuman, Ashley Poole, Diana Ortiz
Woohoo! Mega-stoked for 's visit.
boo. i missed it too...which is definitely
If this warning blow horn go off again .. I'm going on the roof of my job
Bo burns a timeout with Indiana up 30-23 after Sheehey nails a jumper from around the foul line.
Made in Italy is here tonight Nice crew
I hope everyone is having a great Thursday! Remember to keep Rethinking your Potential :)
lol :D I tried doing that once to!!
Thank God thats over with !
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 17
Good luck to and everybody else that I missed at their cattleworking contest today!
this guy deserves a shirt for sure
sorry you should have watched it when it was on
Just Petty!!
"It made me hopeful in the best way."
good morning Mike! :)
Eclipse is slowly sucking away my soul (and all my available RAM)
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
Q-Tip signs to G.O.O.D Music!
I regret ever wearing shorts to my game this morning .fuckin rasberrys suck!!-_-
Thank you for the follow - interesting and intriguing event!
Rain day fun - Admission is #free after 3:30 p.m. every #Thursday in March at #Carnegie #Museums of Art and Natural History
Rather apropos for #PinotNoir. The 2 über-terroir grapes! RT : and all these years I was calling it Red
you have great control...i ate the country breakfast
"I'm not a blogger, I don't make stuff up". Not sure where he gets off saying something like that.
Last day of 's Senior Week and first day of 's ! And tonight we see our first wedding venue! Whew!
Happy birthday, Mel! See you at the Toad!
Always a pleasure, Matt! I really enjoyed the poem. I laughed, cringed and felt badly for your experience.
You sound unintelligent when you'r impressed that someone uses high school words like "juxtapose". Just talk about football.
following back. (:
hit me up
Did I hear Obama right that he wants to take Fannie and Freddies foreclosures and use them as rentals? Can u say disaster.
Why am I having such a hard time starting my first paper?! #ulcamlis #panicking Associative indexing is defeating me...
The Vitamin D Solution: a book that discusses the safe amounts of sun exposure, the right supplementation, & eating foods rich in vitamin D
yeh it takes 6 months to finalise. And my ex husband fucked me over on taxes too. He ahould have filed single. Cunt.
#F Fast Freddy Friday
Anytime! Any presentations scheduled for 2012?
...where abstentions aren't considered a vote. Simply, abstentions are a refusal to vote and aren't considered when tallying votes... Hoe!"
Due to incoming clouds, rain, and wind chill.. Moorea will be forced to resume our exciting day tomorrow.. See u then!
At least there will be nobody in the car with me on the drive to Norman to judge me for wearing 2 pair of sunglasses.
Traveling to St. Lucia or Dominica? Please donate for the poor families there. 100% goes to direct service. Please visit slifoundation.org
Who wants a google + invite.
Guys looking to hit the bar Friday for the Heat game, who comi.g through? Lol
Taking today off to relax. Gonna lay around the guv mansion, put on my shania twain CD, and ponder what i'm doing next #USSENATE? #CABINET?
The Bulls are the worst team in the NBA. They cag all their shots.
I hate the way desperate housewives ended. seriously?!
I'm good now bro I had a fever of 105, my temp is down now doh , :) I took the longest shower ever :o
Writing conference reports makes me feel like a much less interesting Nancy Drew.
where the hell does bdubs get their ranch? its like jesus juice
Today is the big NASCAR race at PIR and the weather is going to be phenomenal! You can bet the action will be too!!!
#YouGettinShotif you try and touch the money source
would happily eat a fruit salad! I was at grocery store tho, salad bar a bit suspect. :( i have greek yogurt and am making do.
Gummy Bears are my favorite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Excited to have you!
Happy Monday, All. How was your weekend?
What's on your TV radar these days? Ours is Mad Men. Hubby even watched the reruns. Ayayay!
Do u think #manning tipped them off that he is preparing to sign somewhere, say Denver?
My life<3 Well not exactly but converse are very awesome xD
Oh, yeah. That sounds like a plan... NOT!
If u have some time in your busy life. Try to spend some time with God today. After all he did give u life.
nice. family trucker
Thought for Today: "Work is about a search for daily meaning as well as daily bread, for recognition as well as cash, for astonishment
That playlist sounds pretty RAD!! Im in pretty good company! thats #ruthless :)
Almost SHOWTIME! March 25th www.MRCJE.com get your tickets now!!! :)
RT : Experience designers are the ultimate marketers. A great experience is the best marketing for your org.
8th Inning rally! I love it! Go
is that your quote for the "indiewire" blurb?!
Google Adwords Offers Enhanced Quality Score Feedback - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
More #txapme awards being presented today.
Unfortunately, it will also be easy for the rest of NYC to pick...
Good advise! RT : Content therapy: Find out what stakeholders think are the pain points of their website/content...
Sick opener at the game! My kind of music!
I hate reading out loud...
Thanks for the RT!
Going to 's concert in July !! I can't wait !
my life omg
Learned a new word from ubm techweb's david berlind at abm exec forum: "brandividuals"
Twitter has corrupted my prided mastery of grammar and punctuation. Now, I carelessly employ ampersands?! I'm having an identity crisis.
Love always hopes
Tomorrow we are attempting something we'd never ever would have guessed - tracking drums at 10:30AM!!! Someone please bring coffee!
At 's party we are gonna blast , BLAST 'UP ALL NIGHT' Right
happy, but surprised. Thought the Rangers were going to have to do it.
OMG! NO, help that poor kid! Keep him away from his mother. Lol
Haha that's wild! This is my 1st yr to watch. Love the show but he looks so bored! He needs to take notes from Seacrest haha
You might think about setting up for your Home Games tweets (it looks like it belongs to you)
Girl let me tell you ...
My tummy hurt :(( bleh
Conductor Edo de Waart and Schubert Symphony No.9 are performing"The Rite of Spring"at MarcusCentr4PerformingArts this weeknd.Check it out!
you found yo keys??
Check out the latest Issue of the featuring my column #WhatsAJizockk , this issue "What's A Concept?" -->...
Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from use. Cigarettes and alcohol kills millions yet both are legal and found everywhere
Family tree by is easily one of the most beautiful Christmas songs. It encapsulates everything I love about Christmas.
Even though what we do is wrong... #beanie Siegel freeway flow
Is it only me or was it hard to #wakeup this AM??
classic mix up, I'm guessing you ended up leaving the table with her and browsing some of her other products?
100th episode of #gossipgirl ! Awesome so far!! #blakelively as marilyn monroe- class
I was just standing around, doing nothing, when I got arrested for impersonating a police officer.
Zumba is tough, but fun. Wipeout is pretty awesome too. But Carnival is my all-time fave.
Ready for a great technology demo day
Enjoying the Pacers game with ! Thanks, !
You could always stay in and have a Bible study. :)
"Gold, for lack of a better word, is good. Gold is right. Gold works. "
omg no way! im turning 25!
I haven't been on twitter most of the day. But i'll leave the Padres' tweets to you guys.
...my pad and my pen...the beat and the blend...
Researchers who's discipline had a culture of sharing were more receptive to engaging Library's help in
have fun (;
They're Muppets! They r made of felt&fur w/marbles for eyes & buttons for, well, wherever buttons are needed. They gotcha!
Really? Too much cute/Hunky men type stuff happens to actually get scared..lol. Scared they won't get laid?
FINALLY have time to update my playlist. it' s only been 5 years...
Wow. I knew he wrote the book. Didn't know it was his movie too! My frat bro, even better!
LOVED THE COLUMN!!!
Thanks for spreading Tuesday Night love! :)
and ur dad is EPIC :D my brother who is 18 love there songs and he have a gf xD and my 4 year old cousin he is a boy luv them(:
Surplus stopped by, more stuff for the University to sell.
#theolddays sabrina the teenage witch
#CNN and #ESPN and mainstream media now with live report, pictures and ESPN OTL report on Junior Seau apparent suicide near SD.
Dude, I feel for you. Make sure you are taking your vitamins and drinking lots of water.
Money from strangers is the best show ever! I can't stop laughing!
“: hard to believe: 2 yrs since the earthquake in haiti. 2.38B dollars spent, and thousands still on the streets. #haiti” Sad
Why does Bachmann look like she's reading from an autocue?
yeah if money wasnt an issue, id be in your arms this moment
Carrie fans follow! Lauren Alaina fans are dominating this twitter!!! haha.
Please bring your clothes into EcoClean this Wed, and all Weds in March for 5% of sales to go to Project Transitions!
omfg come on damnit nasia I'm lost here
thanks for the retweet!
Thank God for ElasticSearch and Geo searches happening 10X faster overnight...lucky to have such great people around.
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
. reports most fun teaching he's ever had is in HLS's new Problem-Solving Workshop for 1Ls--problem-based learning.
Oh, sweet. Hugs back!
Up all day, up all night. Story of my life
Herman's horse sick!
It's never too late to explore your Inner Olympian... Call us at Flo Fusion Fitness and we'll get you started
Thanks for the shoutout Dave! was a great interview - makes my job for a lot easier!
Carson was a Master RT : Great Johnny Carson documentary on "American Masters." Thanks again, !
So exciting!
Ah a clean slate for a new tweet
#YouCuteAndAll ; But Dont Feed Into It Too Much ...
#IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
Working on cloudpipe
My aunt should hurry cause I really need to pe -__-
#VEVOnewfront "Brands need to be active members within a community."
I hate tweeting something and I'm a letter off ...
I'm excited to hang with Tony Sweet today at 4:15! Tune in! Exclamation point!
If I reach 1,000 followers, I will do some fun shizz!!!! Tell all your perverted friends to follow me now!!!
Oh yeah what about fathers day
I'm just a nowhere man sitting on a nowhere hill. can't do anything about it. shame indeed mates
thanks for the follow!
does your org use youth peer workers to teach and work with other youth peers if so hit me back with
Headed to the Ellen show today!!! Yay!
The other me is gone now I don't know where I belong
Agreed. Let's talk Peyton Manning. No? RT : Dear ESPN, today is May 11. We don't need to talk about Tim Tebow.
:D yee yee yee!! RT : D-town, BIG BANG Thursday is tonight, with special guests - &amp; GO!
Heaping one embarrassing movie on top of the last. Woohoo, Saturday. You're just the kind of Saturday I wanted.
Lot going on in my mind. I just wanna take time away from everything & ask God for directions. Might step away from social network for a bit
LMFAO wat if he sees it!?
#Yemen President #Saleh has agreed to resign. One more win for the Global #OccupyMovement. Many more to go... #Bahrain #Syria next?
10% off for you on cell phones/repairs/accessories/pagers. Just say Twitter sent you & show ID
thanks Nick! I am totally on board with this article. Metrics matter, and people don't pick 'em well.
its a middle/elementary school in sherwood, nice new place, and they leave the lights on
I applaud you on the artistic genius you've brought onto the world.
I did the suburban version, walking from Mission Road to Antioch on Merriam Drive. Lovely Morning!
That's so awesome! You've made many jealous over here!
good one Socrates
I think I hope Palin runs
Headed to my former employer event at other former employer #GordonMoore 's Mountain Meadow. Excited to see everyone!
Now listening to “I Love, You Love” by John Legend ()
You inspire. #doveinspired to stand up to bullies
for lunch meeting. Love this airy setting! <hearts>
I told her to pay me in pairs of one-of-a-kind, unique, multi-colored socks.
Down but not out at . "I didn't hear no bell! GET UP you sonofabitch!"
Thnx 4 attending last nite. Looking fwd to a 3rd yr of spinning 45's for everyone each month! And now we move on 2
Oh it's so addicting.
Ready to chat, Michael. Let's try Monday.
I want..love this song..1D
you have a great Tuesday too doll!!!
Just found out that the great Audre Lorde was on faculty at Very cool.
just accidentally ate a black jelly bean. fuck this shit, i'm off to bed.
yo! Big al its Thomas Gorman get at me son in LA
you are welcome - I just had to follow him, too - between you guys' tweets, you'll both be great together! ;)
I feel a lot of pressure to really 'deliver' on my first tweet. Wait. Is tweet a proper noun? Upper case, no upper case?
Amen! RT If you want to build a community around your audience it's up to YOU, not technology.
A woman has the age she deserves. -Coco Chanel
Got called "full sized" in a comment re: our latest video, which brings me THIS MUCH CLOSER to my dream of shopping at Talbots Woman
Just getting off work. My sleep schedule is so fucked.
lol well I have hope for you :)
Good luck 2 our friends Molly Dupertuis & Darla Harris all fighting tonight! Go get em ladies!
tried to transition from white-girl dancing to something less reliant on shuffling tonight, but alas..it was not meant to be
Only two more days until the Fall Opening! Friday the 9th, from 6-9 PM at The Visual Arts Center!
Any of the '50s models of the Chevy Bel Air.
How about a little scotch on the rocks before bed. ok...
Model of the Month contest is almost over! Have you voted?
I want a half sleeve so badly it's not even funny.
So cool! RT : "What, so what, now what?" was a big hit today! Thanks !!
Java Monster is my hero :)
#gratefultweet: For being given strength for accomplishments despite feeling very inadequate to the tasks at hand. For those who've helped.
I have been totally slacking on my twitter! & left in the dark cause I'm missing all the good news ( my punishment)
Today is may day
Thanks for the RT!
#YEE its freaking february already! Only 5 months till summer<3
Sitting in class doing absolutely nothing.. And this is why im passing :)
Let this boring a** class begin...
Don't make me attack you again
I walked into my house after being gone all weekend to Momma Robb!!
The journey is often more interesting and important than the actual destination.
Laker Fans...it's already a wrap!
+1RT : If videogames could do water well, Moby Dick would be my next choice of a literary videogame. Imagine that boss battle.
congrats, Kate! I'm excited to see O.J. hanging out with Marty on the Rhode Island list!
yeah! It was tonight at the NYPL, we've been tweeting, emails were sent out to members, etc. How did we miss you??
Officially a different race from tanning all day. Yup.
Thanks to for making the best out of a bad situation. Rebooked direct to MKE. The meal vouchers were a nice touch.
You had me at the first page - "The circus arrives without warning." The Night Circus by Morgenstern
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 38
I used to dream of making it in this town, now i'm dreaming of making it out.
Rudy #22 on the memphis Grizz team , <U+263A><U+263A><U+263A> . Good game even tho yall Lost!
my mom is in Boston and on her way to Jack Wills for me.
So dope you couuld roll me up nd smoke me !
Thank you. Did so. Looks like a great book. and a kindred spirit.
Hey Kelly: are you going to be featuring any cool apps during #InternetWeek in May? We have some ideas!
Ohio will lose nearly 34K jobs due to the EPA
#feelbetteraustin, if i could i would make you some chicken noodle soup <3
i couldn't care less of what people thought about me. I just didnt want to be bored learning about interior design.
Thanks to my friend Hank Davis for a courageous run for the State Senate yesterday. He will continue to be a great public servant.
pretty sure they are talking about triv
two parts awesome, one part undecided
Happy National Chocolate Day! Come get your chocolate fix with us!
sad you are all the way in NYC!
#ihavenotolerance for sarcastic fake assholes that call themselves MEN.
Will probably post a few unboxing and first impressions Vids on YouTube!
The AL East is turned upside down. Baltimore leading the division? Yanks and Sox are the bottom 2? What?
i promise it won't happen again
“There is no security in life, only opportunity.”- Mark Twain
<U+0093>I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself master of that line.<U+0094> - Andrew Carnegie
O never heard of that but when you find a place that does share the info, pretty please! :-)
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. ~John F. Kennedy
500 days of summer was the worst movie I've ever seen
Cool! Fun headlines the Miller Lite Oasis at on Friday, June 29 at 10 p.m.
theyve got a point; w/120 day deadline, how much u want 2 bet AwareDigital change orders (w/zero mesh experience) run $1M+? :)
I'm not. Just do my work
We're at the bar at the hotel Utah, come say hi and have a drink.
really, really sad here too...
I can show you how to make a few things!
I've heard of Date Wingman but now morphing to Social Media Wingman...hm
now this starting to cut me
And the gloves come off! That's our Simon. Let the games begin on
Peggy Shepard "greatest challenge for the next generation - environmental justice"
#GhettoTranslations “ Boy Bye ” = Your Stupidity Has Resulted In My Irritation With You Therefore , Im Dismissing You From My Presence .”
It's national cash mob day today...who's going to one? :)
#GreenyTheDance A 10 but the costume say's disco.
Try eating a frozen Snickers bar with a tall glass of your favorite beer..it is really good with the beer, peanuts, and chocolate together.
NY shul to kosher caterer: Pack your knives and go - Jewish Telegraphic Agency
Stay free maxi pads: I see London I see china I see one happy vagina Lmfao
My kiddos have all their gear. Ready for the 2012 #baseball season
Coming August 2010!
are you and Alex going to Warped in Cincinnati? You know all time low is coming right?
#3wordsforyou make me food <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Merry Christmas to all my Twitter Pals!
All I know is that if the Heat go farther than the Lakers.. gon be in the kitchen wearin nothin but an apron cheffin me a steak <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
lol well go to sleep it's almost your bedtime
planning a kick ass party in secondlife. Woot!!! come an join us.
#ThingsIwantTheMost anothe might like this. It was so much fun.
"If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it."
So Indianapolis #AndrewLuck huh?
No matter how much I love you my reality is, you're not a suitable mate. I must be a part of an effective team
I don't want to ruin the ending of titanic...but at the end jack dies
Well thank you.
Delicious pancakes being cooked up and served by and
Oh haaayyyy love the new play-next-episode interface #Netflix - let the ultimate laziness begin!
I love Oreo cookies!
Loving boston right now!
Even though this normally wouldn't be my weekend with the dudes, I get them all weekend bec of #mothersday!
Why wouldn't you let me help my fiancée with a zipper when she was in the fitting room?
Softball game tomorrow not prepared :/
Open mic at Fatso's tonight!
at keynote by John Maeda
Had no idea you could park in the middle of the street (aka the turn lane) in Philly.
red lip stick? yay or nay?
Here comes the Patriots first of two, at No. 27. Lukewarm feeling Chandler Jones or Shea McClellin, stronger on Kendall Reyes.
you're so fine i'd go half on a ticket just for a hug #faints lol
idk why i hate everyone today well except some
i think my final moments shirt came just now :)
Got the ok from the wife so I'll be there!
Thanks to for being our 700th follower. You win the appreciation of CE's social media team!
“: Looking for cheap mercenary to take out a bunch of loonies! #WestboroBaptistChurch Fucking dumb ass whackjob cunts!”
She can go txt someone else
Fast food is disastrous, do you enjoy it, is it just me?
Thanks for the linkage, my friend!
packing to go to Dayton or what?
Just watched the video on Kony... He HAS to be stopped...
Three papers to write....stomach tight...feet grew a size...all my weight going to my thighs but through it all...still I rise!
flip the long arm to the right side of the rig and is in OKC Sunday night!
"I think I broke my hand"
I said, Your honour, why would anyone in their right mind park in the passing lane?
Great day for Wisconsin politics
Yup. At the intersection of buzzed & sloppy. I guess if you can't beat em join em right?
This is the good life
Thanks for the mention!
Still up swerving through Orlando, Fort Pierce in the morning.
I already have three tattoos and always think about getting another. What's up with that?
Anybody care about the new Paula Abdul dance show tonight?
eat the shit i took this morning! lmao
thank you.!
So my paycheck is a week late because our accountant is pregnant. I forgot unborn babies have the power to slow down the internet.
I cant remeber when my last successful nap was :c
Today was a good day<U+E415><U+E32C>
#AskIL13 Would candidates fight a federal constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage that intrudes on states' rights?
RT : looking forward to what I might hear out of the KM conference today at #APQC > Right "there" with you.
Your chick, she so thirsty.
I just started watching first season and trying to catch up quickly. Think I'll call in sick today...
Why men want more than one women. Why can't they be faithful.
- Yes, it sure was hard to watch him mom. :(
RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER WAY MORE THAN FACEBOOK
Hail Throwsnail. Are you of this earth?
it is AWESOME YELLING so I am definitely not complaining
Designer Cindy li () is using a dinner party to illustrate how you should cater to everyone who visits your website.
At the mall again. The shirt was too small
I'm at the one hospital that none of my family would want to be at....
another FYI users of #gotowebinar ipad app do not get sent to the exit survey. Thought you'd want to know. cheers!
The next will be Friday, May 20 @ 8 am at at State/Dearborn in the Loop
Life in Texas
Me too!
Happy Mother's Day!
Skip, You have and have always had an agenda. It's NOT all about Tebow. Move on and find another cause.
Best thing about biloquism. Don't really need to know!
NFM as a resource. Providing information to those looking to form coalitions. Research/numbers/etc. Knowledge is power.
yea I guess I was stating the obvious...I just like saying it haha.
It's amazing what can be accomplished when you have a willing and able civic partner.
I think this goes hand in hand with the activity trap. ppl get lost in other "fun" things and can't meet the deadline.
Looks like wen i try to help a relationship is torn apart.....im sorry....
Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole live believing that is was stupid
Did you guys come up with any yourselves? It'd be fun to see what students come up with!
My chicago bulls for the win..
they are pretty awesome.
hz descending at 100k an hour on aero bars. scary!
Pizza industry... You best prepare to be ravaged by my appetite tonight
At least i forced myself to run the equity calcs on all my lost allins and learned a lot. Looking forward to the pot limit 08 event now
i dunno, but seems to me he may be the coolest cat daddy aound
I told all of my followers on Twitter to go and buy your new Single. :)
All you need is an email address & an uninformed opinion to begin practicing your Twitical Science degree on Twitter.
Looking forward to #wmc week! Its going to be memorable for all the right reasons
Poncho Dude is SMART.
You,You Right Thier <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>, You Love 8=======D Aha
all day everyday 1 bed 2 people 1 blunt *Kevin H voice
Heyy stranger! How's life?
#IWannaSlap anyone who sends anon hate -_-
Tmrw is the World Beer Cup. What city will take home the most medals? Mention the WBC as today's $8 growler fill code.
(blushing) : Aww, thank you! And you get one as well! #FF geniuses
You don't. Just light a candle.
you're welcome!
A boy saw me walking my dog, then ran to his mother. "Ma," he said, "I just saw a big lady with a big dog!" HOW DARE HE CALL DOUG A BIG LADY
Another beautiful sunday thank the man upstairs for all his blessings!!!
Interesting concept - although our Merchandising Plan calls for stores not found in surrounding malls. We'll see
Happy #HUMP Day!!!!
LOL I usually lose a little, let my husband stay @ the tables and take the money I would bet w/and shop:)
and come to think of it, Ace may have just jammed with Don Van Vliet . He tells tall tales & I know squat re: Beefheart
saira i'm cry
What motivates a party to call parents who believe in kids-first decisions "sinister?"
u mean, no more BB?
Hey, Lauren: I'm interested about your love of taking photos of clouds. Tell me more about that....
iPic theaters are lame as hell. IMHO. Just walked out in pure frustration.
Boston must be a bad sports town with all these empty seats.
RT : Ops! Meant A1 - ahead of myself! ;) #brandchat what do you have in store for A2 :)
YAY! Pop it baby!!! I am guessin you are there w Mr. to get this sho on the road ;) #WorkHard!!
For those of us who keep track of such things: "Downtown Abbey" has 457,000 results in Google, and "Large Hardon Collider" has only 94,000.
Best news I've heard all year! You guys rock! I'm so excited to see some new episodes! <U+2665>Zak
Gina you are right! New Port Richey was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film Industry in the 20s.
I need to make a point of taking a walk on the Highline when I'm back in NYC.
RT : Very excited about our big event today with , Governor , and ....more updates to come
and what's the analysis on their last move? Dolphins fans are freaking out, some explanations would be great. Press conference?
awe why? Are you leaving for washington?
Smoking Turn ME Up! iHate Feeling
Media's lips to the president's ass
when you get more followers .
Who's winning tonight?
Live life without limits!
Had an amazing time swimming with my girls today! :D.
Charles, you rock. Thank you. :)
Receive Full Time Earnings of $160/day from your home. Spending as little time as you may have, and getting back a 0 (Free) Return...
I love how it ended with Eli.
When its daytime, 2-3 mins dont seem like nun for a txt back, but on the late night it seem like forever
Is Megan from #MadMen the same girl who wears the pink dress in the #TMobile ad's?
just heard u on and you knocked it out of the park as usual!
How big of a loser do I look like liking all these sewper aw3some bands on Facebook
The delicious Robot Cafe will not be closing until 10 pm today and tomorrow. Stoy by & Grab a bite to eat!
thanks, following you back! :)
#Mandy Midnight! I LOVE IT, is like WOW! Follow me :)
aha yeah I think we did :)
yeah, we suck.
powerful personal story + artful storyteller = total enrapturement with Ramona Pierson at
That's precisely how I address my students.
I am supporting Blog Action Day and the call to end World Poverty. Are you?
Put a pizza in the oven - went back for it 30min later and noticed I forgot to turn on the oven....lol
i hope u come to NY to see u perform. then u can watch me perform lol wish u the best of luck with everything
Do u kno what time it is?
My fellow followers retweet! My new book Vanilla's Ladies out now! A Detroit based street drama about a female running an escort service.
So true & where's Cameron?! MT The fact that Ferris Bueller grew up to drive Honda CR-V just sort of makes me sad
Nothing like some early morning encouragment from
Last day of old menu Get it before its gone! Happy Hr 4-6 $2 off bar & apps. Wine Wed 6-10 $6 glasses & 25% of bottles
''babble babble, bitch bitch, rebel rebel, party party, sex sex sex and don't forget the violence'' -Marilyn Manson
Homer Simpson: "M. Chowder." Wonder if I'll get invited back to judge this year after my numerous spit-takes?
"Everything will be okay in the end, if its not okay its not the end"
My break? Nothing broken this way, lame :) RT Have you a picture of your break? thank you;)
lol I bet. I'm ready for you to get out of there like I did
It's a gorgeous day in Seattle, great day to find host families!
damn I don't wanna go to the store .
how are u bored at 748 in the morning lol
: has left. Am in Santa Barbara now. HQ closes in 24 hours. Only had 1 week to pack+move. Skype next wk?
Pretty simple setup...just laptop + dad's old computer monitor. But makes a ton of productivity/convenience difference!
was great seeing our friend Hugh last night at Radio! Great show with Muck and the Mires, Oldjack, and The Family Township
I miss you baby!!!!
it's almost the same
thing I said last night while playing World of Warcraft with my boyfriend: "IT'S A DINOSAUR WITH A TRACTOR BEAM GET OVER HERE AND HELP ME."
Like #Nats hitting in first inning! Bravo R Bernadina for HR. Glad to see B Harper got haircut too.
The Power of Social Media is amazing.
LMAO Now he got to wash dishes all night because she wont pay
Harry Potter on Thursday HA!
I'll figure it out
#VinScully coming back. . .there is a God, and maybe he does bleed Dodger Blue. thank you, Vin.
My ne album "There Can Only Be One" is available online at www.cdbaby.com/cd/larrybrownjr1
Happy birthday Heather!
been revisiting some gameboy advance games occasionally, v. recommended ... the games are so cheap now
WHY DO I EAT SO MUCH
Walter Lippmann~ It requires wisdom to understand wisdom; the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
I'm engaged to be alone.
On to ATL for the braves Marlins game.
it's going to be a cold one in Antarctica. Now, I am going to throw it to Bob for sports. :)
life's not fair, kid!
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! -Norman Vincent Peale
Gonzo is/will never be/never has been top a 10 WR. When have you made a case for Gonzo in the past?
This is where I unfollow you. Best of Lucks. Dr. Spanish
Check it out. We write articles for #TheVinylDistrict & sell records. Here's the Chicago interview and coverage of part 1 of 4
made that bitch a thoughtful handmade card. bitches love thoughtful handmade shit. and smiley faces.
I'm sorry, but I hate it when people quote Bible verses on Twitter and Facebook.
I'm so ready for Warped Tour!!
ima think about it cause im tryna get in that pro am
Want inspiration to create cool mail? See #ShowAndMail hashtag for pics from & more.
lol wow.!! Oh okay I thought so but I still wanted to say something
Hey bro, do you have any game day rituals? If so, what? God Bless!
it depends on what situation lion.
A real man doesn't love a million girls in different ways. He love one girl a million ways.
Fat Tuesday Wash that Shrimp PoBoy down with a Tallboy PBR or Schlitz on special tonight at LoCash!
I am watching the price of retail milk in New York City. I hope that politics will not interfere with baby's milk. [1944]
I cant wait till i make it on the cover of Forbes
I need order checks (like two months ago needed to order checks) anyone have suggestions on where to order from?
Just finished my solo for competition/contest!
Happy mother's day!!!
I'll take the Thunder in 5. I hope it's more than that though. A 7 game series would be epic
RT : Kyle from Gnashing of Teeth, Supporting the love for Transform Music group
"I used to say to my boss, "Just give me enough rope and then fire me."' Ricky Gervais.
We need to create food that tastes like we sound: synethesia. What would you make? #synethesia #tasteslikemusic We play TNGF
has a bad habit
I guess doesnt want to be in a magazine for his birthday....
Skullman record artists Boo Frog will be supporting Roky Erickson, Friday October 22nd at the Wonder Ballroom- Portland, Oregon
Love when my film gets exposed to light
Guys have feelings too.. they just have a problem showing it .
Just play the game.
Sign up today for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K!! Rates go up this Thursday July 1.
yes I did! They break ur back! Many of ours had to be replaced tho, so that's easier to paint. Fun times.
Good morning
I'm a big fan of your show fam, Salute!
#Stata now also much more fun to work with since it no longer takes a 12 volume set to modify graphs
you should wear a ball gown. Lol.
new album "E.P.C. (Euros, P**sy & Champagne)" ... 90% done... best album ever by a European rapper... I promise you that... coming soon...
we aint gon lose bro it's always yo turn my dude
But teach me something wonderful Crown my head, crowd my head
Hey I Went To See Drake Yesterday!! He Killed The Stage With Lil' Wayne!
A look ahead: Tuesday March 2, 2010 there will be a test on fractions. A review packet went home Thursday.
Dang it! I missed 11:11 well I wish you would still follow me.. but if you don't ill just keep trying tomorrow night... <3
Monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
hoping to get coverage in feb. 11-12. dc-focused films screened.opening night party at with
Sometimes the fire in your belly is enough to beat
String cheese always tastes better when torn into tiny strips.
Michael Brown: Sorry France, these All Blacks are unstoppable
Yep. I recall Geraldo as an idiot way back with Capone's vault + earlier with his dumb show. Why would he be smart now?
To the girl of my dreams sorry that I never met u
I'm excited :D
RT “: I'm so full I want to cry” ditto
Getting ready for #stpattysday. Seeing green everywhere; it's like being an entrepreneur..
Next Wednesday can't come soon enough.
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
Big time. I'll keep screwing around with this thing, surely something good will happen from it.
YUpp for real
is already playing now (qci-80)
Damn I didn't realize I had to read this book in 4 days...
NOTHING JUST BEAT CHILLIN
This phone corrects 'in vitro' to 'in burro.' It's not important why I know that, just lucky that I caught it before I hit send.
Dates announced for May 4th, 6th, 9th, and 12th, and also June 17th! Check out our tour dates tab for details!!
#WFUD12 Chuang: credit and citation are the most important parts. But essentially no moral rights in American copyright law.
Your like the coolest laid back guy on Sharktank. I love it man!
#BUTTERFLIES are INCLUDED in a #Love pkg.... Anything opposite is an #arrangement or a #businessdecision. Lol
- Just b/c U say something over & over again doesn't make it true. Prob B of course will cost SD $ + leave workers w/o Soc Sec.
#1 fruit according to the USDA? Blueberries-add some to your cereal.
Great work! Hapy opening!
..That was awesome
Smh right na um um um
If only all of the people and music were located in a prettier place!
“: ...HUSTLE who is this??? ” this my best friend my part time roommate lol
Sprite Peach <<<<<
#OWS | What's the activity/behavior/performance of the 1% candidates that's moving the poll numbers? Or, is it paid marketing & propaganda?
Finally got my tired fixed
It's 90 degrees in this car at least my taco bell is warm again
Just saw Jimmy Fallon.
Best night ever. concert was amazing! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I appreciate your dedication to your arrangement.
hey baby :D
Anyone else thinking #weddingcrashing?
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
heading to replay for the spurs the toffees finished off blackpool in 48 seconds. I see #efc in the final with this 2nd hlf start
"Good Morning El Paso" Early voting for Texas primaries. Vote a 100% El Pasoan who has served our city for 30+ years..track record shows it
I've got 99 problems, and Internet Explorer is certainly behind every one of them.
30 team every year! Mitch needs more money for football or UK well never be sec caliber, gotta spend money to make to make $
she . Diedd?! :( omg . I just though she got worst
Thanks for the shout out!!
night twitter :)
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. Paul Valery
Top of the week #Twitter World!
I'm sorry I didnt know you did.. I miss u jay.. Wana hang sat w me and NOa ?
Nor ok. He is her boyfriend. Babymomma is not his mother!
Thanks a lot homie!!
Zumanity and Human Nature for free in less than 3 days! Man I love my job... outside of actually working at my job.
Yeah, I'd sell my truck to if I could act that good.
Wednesday overnights: Fox down but dominant; Healthy season-ender for Criminal Minds on CBS
always entertaining and true to yourself. Best twitter out there. God bless you, family, and career.
that's fine replaced you !
Good luck Hoos. Let's beat Duke! RT Heading to Durham
Hey you!!! YOu're amazing, you know?
Celebrities on Twitter: Never read a single thing you send them. :D
why arent you high yet?
I imagine you are a HUGE inspiration to many!! Stand proud!!!!
glad you got to see your dad. BBN fans in Dallas will continue to pray for you, your dad, and family.
Pats have the biggest TE's and some of the shortest WR's and RB's.
I understand if your insecure, but dont take it out on everyone else ; go see a therapist.
were at high school near tech school that got hit hard. It was a couple weeks ago. Wouldve looked u up but had family in town
lovin the #Dell mini. Thx AC!l
Getting thirsty yet?
So now Buzzfeed -> -> LGF -> is a giant game of Telephone!
LMAO.. "more like sex in the alley." WOW... not nice Mr. Fox.. lol
I really wanna pub stomp anyone down?
Awesome! Thanks!
I wanna be black
& Are freakin AWESOME! 's rockin out in my car!
Fieldhouse finally giving #Pacers the love they've deserved all season
'Hide yo kids, hide yo wife , they raping everybody' - silly man on youtube, you don't know how right you are..
Accident NB894 @ Cleveland. Right shoulder getting thru. Use Hwy. 100. Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Home Loans from
hm. Is this who I think its about? (;
feels wrong to fly to st. Louis today after the lost their world series bid. surrounded by fans in red regalia.
why is that? Anytime out-of-state corp interest buys an election shouldn't we question if the public interest is being served
Goal of the Day: Family-time is important. Schedule a family game night once a week and stickK to it!
Am I going crazy again? Should I get my rainbow wig out of storage?
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx7
Hunger Games=AMAZING!!!
Color correction maxing out the MacBook Pro. About ready to pull hair out - need to upgrade. Fresno's La almost wrapped.
: When I was in China they were doing the Soul Train Line on the Great Wall! LOL"
I need the one i love.....right now!!!
70 in breakfast alone???
I WANT MY PHONE BACK !! UGH... CANT GO ANOTHER DAY :(
I can't stand guys who lose it to a slut, and then talk about how dirty slutty girls are.
Playful, piquant Plum Bar - San Francisco Examiner
Wait what..? :D Lol cool youtube song though :/<3.
Again, not the only reason. But yes, enough. How much are you willing to risk having Mayor DeMaio?
I'm fucking bipolar i swear
Congrats to on his from
Watchin Vampire in Brooklyn... Why do i like this corny ish?
Building the set for our video with ! A little "Sadie" pregame!
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you....
Chicago: Need someone familiar with Adobe Captivate. Onsite. Freelance. Monday and Tuesday. Hit me up
Looking for #SomethingToDoOnATuesday Come to EVilla!!!!!!
No gets more excited for their birthday than my lovely grandmother
Courtney Love looked absolutely flawless tonight at BoomBoom! In love. spilled on at Avenue. Table-top at Jane. Home now: time for icecream!
#notalone someone will always be there. No matter what you say.
~Eugene O'NeillA man's as miserable as he thinks he is .
that's cute. Where did you get that at? I can't even wait for Layla to be here!
I'm sorry sweetie about your tooth. Is Jeff going to be there with you? Don't be scared.
Thanks for the RT!
At pat o brians so much fun! Hurricanes are awesome!!!
same ass trell but the white ones
I didn't even do anything!!
lol you must really love him hahaha
Thanks to Opinno. Slovenian Startups really got the judges' attention. It was great night, good luck guys!
God is not safe. But he calls you to trust in Him and go boldly ahead. In that you will find yourself content in the journey without fear.
only illegal when caught
Watching A Christmas Carol. Good movie, but I don't know what parents in their right mind would let a child watch this. It is scary!
Stations of the Cross starts in just 20 minutes! Join us in the City Room.
I'm putting that quote on my about page. Next to your illustration. I'm just gonna let you talk from now on, is what I'm saying.
you lied you said you only have 12 followers! :P
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts ~ Author Unknown
I am living the definition of procrastination to the max this week. Let's not talk about it.
myspace.com/legyndmuzik hey this song is dedicated to you
Hey man enjoyed your group tonite. Loved the vibe. Praying traveling mercies.
or, we could use them as pen names for a new line of rhetorician fan-fic. What say you ?
:( I hope you're feeling better soon! Rest, rest, rest... Perhaps I can make it next Sunday. May you feel better soon! :) xo
Social media allows people to connect online to form relationships for personal or business purposes.
btw, no a bad place for da O.C....
": "Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart." --Myla Kabat-Zinn" So true!
Circa Survive tickets just went on sale! Next up: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars / The Color Morale next Saturday!
great morning! Wishing you a productive day!
Glad I could be of assistance Jacqueline. Happy to help anytime.
New metro cars!? Yippee! (in a manly voice)
haha am i getting annoying ???
Morning All , it's gonna be 70f today :) here in Virgina.
Must be tucked away in that Narnia closet!!! lol I am mental and need HELP!! ;)
Bad actors knows all words and says them in same rhythm. Lifeless words.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Chili's today from 10-2! 5011 San Mateo Blvd NE # ABQ
Goodmorning TL & Happy Mother's day to all the mothers & the mother's on my tl :)
“: I grew up on #Kobe but i like MJ J's tho. Haha. RT : grew up on Jordan. He changed the NBA”hahahahah
For some reason I thought you'd pick an athlete! Lol
Pajama'd and popcorn'd watching the new season of #RHOA. Bring on NeNe and Phaedra!
C'mon, get it together !
Something like "This pick has bust written all over it" about Scarlett Johnassen Or you can tweet a special live avengers draft?
That is just trippy. I love it!
:( I hope everything is okay/ gets better!
wait for Game 2 on Thursday
0nlydouglas, Fake twitter fight, you'd think Douglas would've learned by now.
ANGIE. Onew's shoes that he's wearing today ._. I have some similar to those <3
You wasn't with me shooting in the gym
Our hand-made chess sets take time to produce, so make sure you place your order for the holidays soon!
to my friend Amanda Quraishi,... you're next!
her hips don't lie
Im about to fall asleep on they ahhhss!
Gmail may be down but I'm more curious if more people are clicking 'Try Again' than refreshing the #WWDC registration page.
He sent me an autographed picture and baseball when I was eight years old, as a condition of getting out of a speeding ticket.
My phone on Lebron James dats
get your cheese up so we can hit this concert!! I know you're downloading that new #krit today too
At Ruth Chris with I think I've died and gone to heaven.
Thanks to for sponsoring the St. Patrick's parade!Make sure to watch the parade there- it will be the largest parade-day party!
yeah, march 7th.
I applaud your resistance. I let all 3 pups sleep in my bed and usually end up huddled in the top corner :-/
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 21
#FF for the best local craft beer
well there has to be a winner. That was a stupid question..
#L'Enfant! Its Ficelle weather today. Hope to see you all today!
Wake up in the morning feeling like Ke$ha...
haha yup....sort of makes up for the #GoogleBuzz debacle :-P
Thanks for the follow, Erica.
Which I will say makes me furious and should not ever be said since the IndyCar Series makes him millions year after year.
At JJO Band Camp. Haven't been to summer camp in years. Its a little different from Boy Scout camp.
The more I hear about Huntsman, the more I like. Which is why he probably won't make it out of the Republican primary.
Hello White America
"May your life be crowded with unexpected joys" --H. Jackson Brown Jr.
great job!
Thanks to everyone who welcomed me to Twitter. I am a MS librarian looking for tips concerning websites, etc to make my program more vital.
When your energy's low at the gym...change the song.
RT : You CAN. Everyone is born with the potential to do whatever God put in their heart to do.
Invest in ur product. More money and hustle u put in it.. the more u come out on top..
The flavor of milk chocolate begins to deteriorate after about 6 months.
Next time don't foget the sunscreen.
I must be a dreamer
Played Teemo for the first time, got accused of stealing kills. Is that even a thing in LoL? He attacks so fast I can't even control it.
Guess who's finally back in the studio? Technical issues or not, the internet can't keep us from putting out content!
Tune in to PBS tonight at 7pm to see CEO and !
going to sleep so I can be great tomorrow
I passed my aptitude test to get into Medtech.I'm so damn proud of myself!!!
I miss you little nugget. Better see you soon! <3
Im so not going to school tomorrow if my eye still looks like this.. I look like someone from Hills Have Eyes :(
Slot car drag race tonight in Ocoee. Yea, that's how we roll...all electric!
one manhattan in and making myself another.
There are the same amount of errors as hits in this game (4).
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
#YouAintHittinItRightIf She isn't putting a towel down on the bed so the sheets don't get wet
Damn.. Somebody who cares is checking up on me alot >>>>>>
Dude! That's horrid. Surely you jest.
if anyone wants this twitter account just message me!! (: or mention me
We would be well served if tweets written in a foreign language don't make it in here - should i just Block the malfeasance ?
=) you know you love it <3
Come support Alzheimer's Association next Wed at Cocktails for a Cause!Drinks complimentary after donation from Shaker Vodka!
richmond!!!! Txt me
Cops are clearing out of McDonalds. They're heading in.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
i don't fear it. i jus don't want it.
Yay for clouds and a breeze! I just finished a 3.38 mi run with a pace of 11'31"/mi and a time of 39:00 with Nike+ GPS.
Great lesson for kids! Before you speak, listen. Before you write, think.
v tonight. #MNF. Let's all get #drunk and screw
Thanks we appreciatte the feedback :)
Watching secret life of an American teenager good ass show.
Swag swag swag on you
Think that would be called a drive by hug
Well... the strike is over in Israel since 9 am, is now 10.40. I just want to see all the garbage out of the streets!
cause your amazing just the way you are (8).
Yes, yes they are. Pisses me off. RT : Look at the idiot Heat fans leaving....I mean...are those people fucking stupid?
Well shoot
Just saw a shooting star...so cool I now can't stop looking at the sky <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Mind boggling
Check out Shadow Left on SoundCloud- soundcloud.com/shadowleft
I left off on 6x10 in my OTH rewatch (convenient right?). I think it's time to pick it back up. #YayyForDVDs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Don't feel bad Dwana. I'm "poor" too. :(
Keefer's in Mineral Wells tonight folks!!! Been a while sense we've been there so come out!! Music will start around 9:30pm!
Is it okay for us to flip over tables in righteous anger? Jesus, I am looking at you!
Tweetbots keep posting same post about REBUILT. Maybe Internet has become aware enough to discuss my books. Not very bright yet tho.
haha I like my Algebra teacher! :D Thats funny!
Now if only he would do a good album; I'm talking 1980-89 era. ;)
We've gotten really into The Civil Wars since they performed at the Grammy's. They also wrote the soundtrack for The Hunger Games.
#best dressed #rooneymara OMG your style is beyond! #jessicachastain !
Hmm--are you in Boulder, perchance? Sometimes I feel like a devil in this white city!
awesome! It's one of my favorite American sours.
“: Having dinner with my grandmother. Her axioms about life are so cool!” nice
Luisa Quintero says, "I urge this board to remain competitive with other jurisdictions. I appeal to you to correct your decision."
AMEN to dat!!
Really liked PetSafe program until Continental joined ; have been pretty consistently disappointed by customer service ever since.
S/O The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.. More than meets the eye. Media Inquiry/Bookings: 2 is better 1
Currently in a food coma though..
So please people and fans forgive me for what I have done and if I even let you down i am truely sorry ....
For once would like to see to perform without his guitar
My advice to our graduating seniors is to file a class action lawsuit against Anne Geddes for those baby pics she took of you in the '90s.
We're gonna have something really special for the world on Record Store Day (details to come). Mark your calendars for April 21.
HAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHHHA GOOD ONE
people Too eventually
good luck!
#schoolmemories always bein in the same team for career day with someone u can't stand. U know it happened to all yal n not just career day
I dig the
Small groups are now discussing policy issues around mobile devices, 3rd party apps that hold sensitive data, and social media NASPATech28 #
Talk at noon today on Beth Barnard Nickels, pioneering female architect.
Twitter Got Boring For Some Reason -___-
Another sunny yet chilly day in #Milwaukee. I'll take the sun, but wish it was warmer!
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Now is your time to SHINE --- sparkle eye liner is a great way to add holiday flair.
4 games till hockey playoffs? I just got a stomachache.
Those New Year one have GOT to be turning up soon! Oh, and new ep should be posted sometime tomorrow. Goodnight
Lol No that idea is crazy dude . RT : well let me try and find out if it does
is it ok if i creep on youu?
At least you don't remember a time before properties and fast enumeration! It was a lot of typing…
I woke up thinking today was Tuesday...
oovoo is rough tonight
it wouldn't surprise me but I'm not expecting it. I can see either way.
IJJP on the move again!!!
This looks gorgeous.
im so happy austream is back!
Can u share which beach?
Hey! How are you? The event was separate from our event. :) Hope you're doing well!
Happy Friday! Who is going to a fight this weekend and where?
Thanks for sharing!
HeyHeyHey!! Guess What? I'm Mary Poppins..,:D
she approved as long as she gets a new computer from me when she needs one & im the only one viewing the data
Y'all is gorgeous.
What you up to tomorrow? I'm looking to do some exploring myself...
you know I am.
what are flash guide numbers and how are they usefull?
Thank God took the last word with intelligence and compassion.
Looks fun, thanks!
I would like to sign up for your golfing newsletter. Thank you.
I feel wonderful! #BlackshireTakeover is happening now, and I am so proud to be a part of it all.
About to watch a bird banding demo at the
I have qualms with that movie, solely for the fact - a lot of issues could have be fixed in post
My son riding dirty in his diaper
it's my morning, and I'm that matters!
Today, I crossed 42nd street scratching my back. Two drunk guys drove by me and screamed “backscratcher!” and drove off. MLINY
Hey Grady Little thinks it's time you go get your pitcher...
Tell me your favorite movie endings
Props to , that was the first time I've seen full service valet at a house.
I dont need an hd cam! This face aint cute in hd
been there done that. To da West we go!
Rep. Kiffmeyer grossly downplays costs of obtaining a photo ID. There is no such thing as a 'free ID.'
QUIT SPAMMIMG ME YOU ASSHOLE! RT : Claim your FF Gift. Your a winner!
Happy snowy, melty #Halloween!
Hey we're gonna be next week on the 16th. Thought you might like to check it out
yep.I have Time Warner.They have Feb. 7,14,21 & 28. Then tomorrow they will drop feb 7th & replace it with tonights thats how
why are we watching big rich texas?
Truly need to call out today, but my students will not be able to have access to the computer lab if I am absent. I HOPE THEY SPARE ME DRAMA
u on?
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
so much mikey on my tv screen tonight
Interesting choice by Blake - but may be the right call
Show dancing is so much work!
workout buddy!
It's not the money. It's the shame. "He doesn't even deserve to be paid. Why does he deserve to be reelected?"
If you are a Conservative, that's cool..remember God, Guns, and Guts....not slander and petty judgement. You're not God.
yea it's personal I'm sorry
I have to agree with Paul. In high school, two teams in our district stalled & hurt basketball for all 8 teams.
(find myself despising spell check a little bit for not having stephane grappelli loaded)
his guest Kathleen Dreier has a very moving story and I'm only 30 minutes in!
how much money r u willing to pay?
400 followers :D
Q: I wonder what mayoral candidates would say/react if they could see #SDMayorNP thread during debate! Do they read it after? I hope so!
You can always spot the pretenders siting on top of the VIP booths.
Right!! Hahahah! I am going to sleep :) Tonight's conversation was hilarious!!!!! :)
what would I do then?! Lol
Will do :)
RT Anyone else in #pdx have problems with Dosha salon? /// every time i walk through the door!!
Thanks. Glad you enjoyed your
RT maybe the goose heard your choice of car house music?!? :P
I keep trying to follow you & it keeps telling me "forbidden". :)
Drank too much yesterday.
With one hand over my heart and one to the sky I lift my head high faith and pride my guide We walk as one through this life Love is all
I will devour you.
Could use some GiGi cupcakes in my tummy about right now..
Walk down the sidewalk starting at your feet wishing my steps were longer so by your side I could keep
Please be sure to watch Channel 10 tomorrow at 8pm for the Top 10 Historical South Florida Locations. Please note the time change.
thanks for following.
I need a book to read,any suggestions?
Green got cheese like a nacho, if you ain’t got no a– b-tch, wear a poncho
Talking all ignorant & "hood" isn't cute, girl.
#FollowFriday : thanks for following. Have a blessed day!!
#BkSq is hosting Shamrock in the Square w/ March 10th. Get your green wares for the parade the next wkend!
For anyone who wants to Skype with me, my username is PrinceAtheGreat. I'm available for chat
Hunger is the best sauce.
RT if you dont got a valentines ?
The text I woke up to this morning > <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I wish app would synchronize the state of Mentions and Messages across devices. Shouldn't have to read either on each device.
baby steps
i hope to: )#DREAMBIG :)
I loved seeing vehicles from montana in portland
Doin the turnpike w
wed love to hear some good stories...
Apparently I missed the memo that when you walk your dog, you are actually supposed to carry it.
“: Leaving Baltimore and headed to ”. Good to see you. Thanks for the doggie-style. Wait, that didn't come out right
Please stop crying.
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
Follow they make music videos look like mini movies...
I'm about to cry, this storms crazy..
Vodka and cousin subs great night
That confused bush is a camellia, and here they normally bloom in January. Even in the snow.
Don't forget we're open on Sunday too now! Grab a massage appt while your hubby watches football. :)
aayyeee! Guess what?
<U+2752>Single <U+2752>Taken <U+2714>Have a lot of children that popped out of me, turned into green demons, and then destroyed a whole town. Is that an option?
Bikram followed by pad thai and trublood
Thanks for sharing my post.
I have an essay to write and two history exams to study for but the chick flicks on abc family are just too good.
Today in 1996, 'Kirk Franklin & the Family Christmas' becomes the first gospel Christmas album to hit
Oh yes -- that's a great question!
I saw a bassett hound in a rain coat on the way to work. I wish I had taken a photo.
Dat mercy track is insane
Tonight one of my fave Sacto bands, PRIETA, will play their last show ever at Sad to see them go but stoked for the show
WHAT?! No BOOTS? Haaaaaaaaaah!
I don't where a tie but they say I live a boss life
That's me, Facepalm Ryan.
No prob, nice app. We're hoping to be a part of the show by !
Right there with you. Trying to get grading done so I can do more diss work. Trying to badger people into helping, etc
#spurs + corporate=win
Of course I haven't yet visited the entire internet, but I think I've got the gist of it.
I miss my family
Too faced people take me to new places they're the reason why i'm gonna make it heated by many yes its been plenty
Thanks ... all signs so far indicate we'll really need it this year ... even more than last
Somebody who is a big flirt is a turn off to me
Please say Gene ... Please say Gene ...
Do I count as a Bostonian friend??
Have books for PHP versions 4 and 6. Naturally, the version on our server is 5.
Thank God tomorrow's friday!
Wow, What Trent Richardson did was one of the classiest things I've ever seen. I hope for the best for him in the NFL. Steeler would be nice
Yes! But I guess I'll have to start planning for the future now...
I know a muthasucka that stay schemin
People I Can Trust I Count On One Hand.. 50% Of Em Locked Up. Fxck 5-0 .
The perfect pre-weekend start = Island Frydays in your belly!
"lol no make up" -_- You mean no lipgloss? You're face still has make up on it.
Now we are forever friends! Isn't it exciting?
In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh
WE NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
Waste of talent..
Cricket: Australian quicks excite Arthur
JONAS BROTHERS WILL SURELY ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!
I just saw lightning. Fudge.
THE SADNESS OF THE SITUATION IS THT THIS ISN'T A FOREIGN INCIDENT JUSTICE HAS ALWAYS BEEN AN OUT CRY THE CRIME OF BEING BLACK!
I don't believe you that she is doing that. Especially when she has three tests.
Yes and Nonprofit! If you join, send us a tweet to let us know! RT : cool, didn't know there is a student rate.
My bus always smells like smoke.. You're cool.
God. Stunned. Seriously. still love you #heels. The refs gave it to Dook.
You run from those, huh?
do yall remember those rumors about niall ex died of cancer..... well there not true she if fully alive and fully pissed cause of the rumors
I like to stare out the window when it rains.probably something alot of ppl dont do.:)
Wheelchair basketball the rage in Wisconsin
Had the universe been static, they would be frozen like a statue.
My baby kick the shot out of me Morgan u kinda hurting mama lol
A wonderful weekend for Central Ohio! Partly to mostly sunny with highs around 50 degrees today. Sunny and even warmer tomorrow...
I didn't thinks I'd make it at all last year . :p I Just gave it a shot. Haha.
": Wow my buddy wasn't here today -_-"
I'd rather spend 20 hours a day doing something I love than 8 hours a day doing something I don't. Good morning mates.
RT : SpaceX Update:At this time, a May 7 launch appears unlikely. SpaceX is continuing to work through the software assuranc ...
Seeking God? ... thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul. —Deuteronomy 4:29
True. That would have been a fun duo to watch.
I think the problem is not the universities per se, but the corporatism that has taken hold of the leadership.
awww, I wish I could see! She sounds hot!!!
Omg bestfriend this fat girl ask me did I want sum lemon heads I want sum but not from her
probably going to go to the movies every night i get home for like 2 weeks to see everything i want to see in english.
lemme get an ice water WITH A QUICKNESS
On my way home had a gud first day of class
"A leader is someone who can live with nothing, yet have everything."........l.
Back in the studio.
ehh that's an ill photo
GM once launched a car called Nova in South America but it surprisingly didn't do well… (think "no va")
#ILikedYouUntil you cheated
im 6 foot 130 pounds i went to the doctors for a shot found that out
Accidentally had my TV on the Fox network and this Glee show is on.
"Tim Tebow is a great kid," Elway declared. "If I want someone to marry my daughter, it would be him." OUCH low blow.
Thanks for the RT on Historic Jamestowne!
Cause I'm the fucking man
If you haven't seen the 2Pac hologram @ Coachella last night, you need to, it gave me chills
Just finished the compassion 5k representin team flagler hospital!! Ready to enjoy this beautiful day in st Aug!!!
just got sniper elite v2, it's pretty good
Sucking dick and leaving thee balls out is like Eating pussy and leaving thee clit out.
we should try to get followed by him !!!
is recruiting for a Research Librarian in McLean, VA! This is a great opportunity for a senior level candidate! Please contact me for det…
life's short!
two? You better ride tomorrow.
I'm a sucker for proposals...
Wooohoo we now have a umbrella holder for certain days like today. <3
Come one, come all! Tonight is our meet and greet at the UEC. Starts at 6:30. We'll be discussing the May 29th blitz!!! :)
show is Fri & sat nights; http:mindtrippingshow.com; love to have you come. How did you hear @ the show?
75 and sunny. 2 mile walk to dog store and back, with a Pinkberry side trip.
Wondering where to have my vacation next month. Still clueless.
I just ran to AT&T and got the whole thing fixed lol thanks tho bro
How is that a St Pete only problem? RT : Only in St. Pete; my painter just called...
The Sandlot on AMC! You bob for apples in the toilet, and you like it... YOU PLAY BALL LIKE A GIRL!!
I think big Bertha just don't like pops cuz she'll never fire up for his ass but she stay on go for me<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
New Crush # AceHood
Good Bye!
who said you're boring?! :) Thanks for the love
Lovasa, a "standardized" fish oil, is currently the rage. It is good but not likely the best.
Get lucky today ! Join our mobile club and win a free gift card! Text SUNSET to 55800.
Just doing what I do, helpin people out every day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
hmm, i like The Format.
oh haha okay. I was just wondering thanks(:
You can win a pair of "Witness" tickets for the 2012 Art Heist on Saturday, 4/28 by being EASL Emergency Artist Support League's fan #850!
Oh cool! Have you heard David Lynch's recent album? It's bizarre, of course, but I really like the song 'Pinky's Dream.'
if that would make your day, then you are a sad racist sack of shit :-( you are a horrible person.
EXCEPT IT IS NOT.
omg. why am I just seeing this? LOL.
Good to be home after my month long trek across the East coast. awesome time working with the east coast photo crew great job dudes
"Come Fly Away" new musical at Fisher Theatre 9/13-25. Partner prices as low as $30. Use code "away" • online www.ticketmaster.com
Someone in LA is BBQing breakfast!
dont get cancer on me
Hi Chris, question for you: does the bar have wifi available?
Ugggggghhhhhh cant believe this
Can't wait to rock it in the AM with (I only wake up early for extra special people!!)
dirty ass youngin'
Welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
wish u had a pug. Miss you
So instead Aimee uses face powder and a makeup brush on a key pad! Zut! Doue! MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE
A special shout out to my Mom, who did such s great job raising 9 children alone, even tho the baby of the family (me) gave her a hard time.
holy fuck I love my twin<3
I wish that I could hate you half as much as I hate myself.
My dad didn't IM me back. /wrists
Rickie Weeks is a run scorer and he hits RBIs all the time! He is the ultimate player!
Worried that the unlocatable intermittent beep in my house means my life is turning into a Stephen King novel. Or, worse, Delillo.
thanks for the follow.
My damn J.Cole mixtape dont work anymore
Great ideas may emerge from the research you conduct for your Business Plan. Dig down deep on your competition and you may find weakness
#ireallywant a #Rangers world championship
also, make sure you are very specific as to what you are looking for, and we'll work something out for you.
can you dunk them in coffee, or do they fall apart?
jagger bombs:)? Nice! Happy birthday weekend!!!!
you hated her... I've been your friend for 9 years and you are friends with her again and ditch my party for hers wow i hope you see this.
NBA is over. As Chick wd say.The Lights are out- Eggs are Cooling, The Butter is getting hard & Jell-O is jingling. It's over -Kobe rest.
not touching my backpack tonight
It's not a good idea for me to drive in this shit. Because I'm about to kill someone and purposely ram them.
Oh damn. That's my childhood in a nutshell, more or less. Lol
I hate fake ass people..
I'm not actually, funny how you make assumptions and you know absolutely nothing about me:) I don't know how saying that makes me
only crazy people make money these days. Lol
now that was a funny Tweet! thanks for a good grin today.
nice eyes..
“: You need to score here, bases loaded. Come on! #Cubs” Speaking about that. DeJesus!!
Winding down a wonderful birthday. Thanks, for making this day, and every day, worthwhile.
love reading EGL, would love the link to the first issue.
you're in the front left most seat in the right most section?
Feel free to bring some of those pies on over to channel 4!
Being unconditional & non judgemental are just two of the many qualities you should expect from a sport psychologist.
“: #Scorpios never give up. Their fierce dedication causes them to be natural winners.”
Win Free furniture $ 765 contest on our facebook page! Please go to facebook and add Towne Centre Furniture for your chance to win!
seems like everythings falling apart it dont feel the same...
I would never unfollow you sugar!RT i was @ 30k until ppl started to unfollow me is super close to 30K! :D <U+2665>
you'll have to change your twitter avatar now to one with no glasses. :)
For breakfast I would like my eggs "ovulating," in honor of mother's day.
Worry about your character & not your reputation, because your character is who you are & your reputation is what people think you are.
This is a U.S. university, or an Australian one?
i wish wrote relevant tweets..hahahahahaha have a baby then you could win things! ;)
Let's go Heat keep it up, turned up the white hot heat when it mattered. 6:18 12 point lead. Win this.
just give me a call lets figure out what you need to do at this point.. I am the owner 623-255-4088 ext1 mst
Hey how bout you get off twitter and finish that paper so we can go eat. K :) thanks.
Yep. RT , WORD UP!! Is this airing nationwide?
Loving keeping my cores warm with PLINQ.
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ... I love you! <3
Used to be nail shops on every block in #NYC, then pizza shops, now it's pharmacies on every corner.
In count voice from sesame street "1 2 equals 1 "
Spaniel...she's almost ready for the ring
#NBC #SKINS Actor Showcase rescheduled for NOV 13TH during 6TH ANNUAL LA SKINS FEST.
This lil toyota moving<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
#erl12 #libleadership people want to harness themselves to things that appear to be moving forward ()
I confessed that I've seen Burton's SWEENEY TODD dozens of times, and Zanuck gave a smile.
heck yeah Angga! Glad you like it bro!
We r all equal...no one is the same...God made us that way...to show us no matter what we r all his children..;)
#WhyDoiAlways push people away...
They migrated down the Sweetwater River Canyon. I went to warn the kids down the st b'coz there are little ones there & they were like HOW?
Serious training going on to prep for El Tour in Nov. Cyclists, stop in for evaluation on shaping up for optimum racing. Ask for Big Dan.
Man I hate when people stare >__<
"Not only amazed & entertained, but more alive & less lonely." Jonathan Lethem's powerful reaction to Thomas Berger's writing, in NYT.
Our Easter weekend: extended family time, great worship, egg dying & hunting, saying good bye to neighbors & yes, more packing!
“: #KellyRowland & my Girl actually kind of look alike. #KeepItBetweenUs Video” If I hear that one more time! Lmao
shoot. ok. friday then. only until 3 right?
referencing Tony Hawk during conversations
Returning home from Mississippi! Teens For Tate are Awesome!
yes hit me up sometime when you're in the Baltimore area
So I see you've moved on to fights with filthy degenerates on twitter. I'm quite impressed. CC:
Happy Easter Weekend! Hope you are sharing it with the ones you love.
it's gonna be HOT!!!! Cant wait for that shit!
long time ago
eve in my info
Tonight, plans to ride it all night long. Life, that is. Catch her tonight at for a week of #GenderBenders!
There's a special place in Hell for people who put two spaces between sentences.
let's go back to the start and see, just how many drinks that it took for you to forget me.
“: #NothingsBetterThan knowing the feeling is mutual.”
<33 we're too cute ;)
You & the fam need to check out Queen of Sheeba for dinner some night. (Tues thru Sun) Delicious Ethiopian!
yes and i like my new name i think i might change it too
Projekt Records released the first Makaras Pen CD if you are looking to pick it up. Almost done tracking for our second one finally!
Oh!!!! On a side note my daughter is officially a #DePaul #BlueDemon!! #ilovechicago \m/
Performing tonight at 10pm at the Purple Onion, come by and say hi. Then maybe stay for the show.
said the #Nets could go 0-82 and he would be gravy, did we actually expect him to give a giblet about the logo?
Almost time to get off and drink guiness. Heading to downtown Portland for drinks tonight. Hope to see lots of fam faces out. Happy St Pats!
Windy, windy out here! Great for contact lens wearers! :(
sounds good man half & half I'm gonna have to play tighter than a ducks butt in the PLO rounds, newb in that game
Happy Sabbath, Tweeps!
Also those packing peanuts are a great help too :)
People the things that u do u need to take your conciquences and stop always trying to be the victim
#Foghornleghornquotes you're not a chicken. You're a loud mouth schnook.
Habitat Map in Brooklyn - need to be able to *see* a problem before you can put together a response.
he done it now?! ;) lucky girl!I wish he would follow me ;( </3
lmao you mustve gotten like a million #s in the dm
FOLLOW ME! Please<U+2665> i Love you!
Chili represents your three stages of matter: solid, liquid, and eventually gas
I've decided not to give it away, but I'll be on a bit of a twitter break for a few weeks.
Met Life Stadium..!!!!!
me too
yup its lame
Is it bad that I'm craving 's carrot hummus with lamb and feta for breakfast?
“Whenever you have truth it must be given with love, or the message and the messenger will be rejected” -Mahatma Gandhi-
(hip hop x loud) + coffee = workplace productivity
RT IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW! or tweet me i follow back
YES! Me too! : WebVocalCoach vocal training is hard to push through sometimes, but it ALWAYS makes me feel better
great!! Let me kno if/when it will b played :) thanks in advance
Hey now my NYC peeps I'll be performing in the upcoming number one erotic show "THE SWEET SPOT"
I know but trusting in God will get it
I don't think any of the small run shops would have the type of paper we'd need.
Wishing everyone the best in 2012!
will certainly try!
Just purchased 216 colorful balloons for Blazington's birthday party!
Rawr, just stressed. Lots to do.
I Think About How Back Then I Would Have Been Snapped Yo Neck & Now Im Just Like Nigga U Aint Nun ahah Ima Make U Haters my House Keeper
lots of hugs!!!
- The only thing a man should want to change about a woman; is her last name.
Does anybody have Alanis Morissette's phone number? I have this idea for a movie. Let me know. Thnx
Aww youre so sweet! What are you up to this weekend? Lets get together!
looking for an Account Executive - Personal Care, NYC
My tongue hurt -__-
Another amazing class. So many breakthroughs, great moments and, I think, more confidence throughout. Very exciting. :)!
Tues 4/10 we will b downtown on Capitol between Union & Church fm 11-2. Come by & get the best country fixins in Nash. Have a blessed day!
I-O
Just saw a trailer for Jeff Lives at Home, looks awesome!!
What your favorite part of #stopstealingdreams ?
Mornin' everyone! Half-way through the work week! Anyone have any special plans for today?!
RT #drivethrugeneration Hell Yes. Miss the old Drive Thru Records!
WTF, Baltimore? RT : Homicide called out to four cases today, three shootings and a stabbing. Another non-fatal shooting.
The DEVIL is busy. A rumor went out via text to all my family that I tried to commit suicide. I live in GA they are in MI. Its sad when ppl+
hey, was the blog post in the presentation??
Early bassist were barely heard.....now many guys are WAY to LOUD!....."balance" is the key!!
RT : Did you know you can buy your tickets for
enjoy, and share your experience afterwards!
Chicago Bears cut Winston Venable
I'm always down for Miami
well i think you're funny and nice, shame on mee(;
Ahh back to Florida hopefully last time for awhile. I'm trying to bring back the weather with me #Tweeps!
3am is the worst time to break down
Let's give this another try, since Facebook has lost its mind.
for sure! you should give our tunes a listen (: have fun at the Maine!
If you don't exercise and do the other two, I still don't think it's going to help you that much
Shoulda told you what you meant to me..cause' now I pay the price
Big show Monday: Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville and Buffs head coach Dan Hawkins, and FSN's Jeff Huson. Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
Whenever I go on Twitter, Justin Bieber is offline. Whenever I go off Twitter Justin Bieber is On!
We appreciate our followers!
So great to see you. It was an enlightening weekend! And Thank YOU! : That was an awesome retreat.
Everything i say today is fucking wrong.
Alice in Wonderland?
tweet me and i will give you a shout out
If I lived closer I'D be there for story time & crafts with Claire! Sounds fun :-)
Okay, so this new TweetDeck is missing some features I liked in the old version, but imma give it a try and see if I like it.
Cool Story Bro. I Care.
--> On my way to an informal evening with <--
Harry Styles! <U+E106><U+E418>
Ok, how about an associate that is carrying on endless conversation with a customer, many others in line?
I feel so so much better now that I put my hair up. Not as awkward being all sniffily now. :)
lol I know right
VEGAS in 2 months!!!!
definitely excited to win
wow i havent tweeted for a while now...well hey guys..how are you?
Rise and Shine! Big day today Grand Opening of tonight!
HELL YA GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Wondering when producers will start experimenting again!!!! All the old formulas & stories are getting boring...
to my vegan friends today we have pumpkin loafs and carrot with avacado cupcakes come in and enjoy
When's the last time you heard a non-remixed "Gotye - somebody that I used to know" on the radio? I can't even remember.
It's a classic tho for sure RT : omg... Nadi... you like 5 years late on this song lol.
Unfollowers, Go die in a ditch.
5 hours after getting here, mom has yet to start surgery.
#SportingKC The Cauldron is ready - we believe!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!•
Let's go #WISCONSIN!
my eyes Are so messed up In like all those photos! Lmfao
#PLL OMG ill kill my self if my guess is wrong
Ah just cut.my.little sisters hair.... I did an amazing job!! I think I know what I wanna.go to school for!^~^
I'm pretty sure that's the owners wife's initials. Think she passed this summer...
Oh yeah Sunday funday with the homies...I'm free of stress yes I am....ima be selfish and think about me now...: )
Yes Yes Yes Viola! That dress and hair...perfecto!
Fly me to a star
...Both had not won since the 2007 season, but got their new seasons off to a flying start with morale-boosting victories.
Vandy game is pretty good
Just had a delicious dinner with my brother. Now I'll head home and curl up on the couch with my puppy and my kindle. Who am I?
that im in MA; orig was born and raised there :)
U r a fantastic ball player. You exceed in each aspect of the game and never give up. I actually watched you play agst s ...
Pretty much shopping around to see what developers have to offer. I'm not sure which it'll be for yet (phone/fbook/etc)
are u serious I'm just now hearing about this...
my guess is that the cat doesn't give a hot damn about your writing goals <-- My guess is that you are 100% correct.
I don't even know why i'm talkin lol I suck at basketball
I am 100% positive I would have done better than those 3 shootout attempts.
If you missed the first half you can still watch the second part of the performance at www.Juilliard.edu/live
I am now offering a full line of energetic medicine products that are absolutely amazing. Email me for more
Renting? Not sure you can afford a home? Call today to learn more about our 1st time homebuyer programs. (858) 376-1299
Awesome news! Very happy for you guys!!
The funniest episode so far arrives on Monday!!! Stay tuned and enjoy!
RT #Derby Day -Mint Juleps, wild women, & Buffalo Oysters. c you there May 5th
Wifey been working mad O.T this week, so im handling her dinner, a cranberry chicken salad coming right up.
and those are the nice ones too!
- Hi Amanda. Thanks for the follow. We should connect on LinkedIn too.
I'm so sorry I feel asleep :(( but I will still dm you <33
hahaha. I didn't know that, but for me everyday is PB&J Day!
Want a free code for Minecraft on the Xbox 360? Of course you do. We're giving away four for tomorrow's Free Game Friday. Stay tuned!
thanks for sounding so excited to see us! Mom was right, you only want us for food :P
They say the weather is weird everywhere..Love Alburquerque are there hot air balloons everywhere?
just doesn't look right, somehow. But helping me out? Very menschy.
haha, nerd. And yeah ill coach with you.
I found one! Bam. But yeah, I'm tiredd. Iz going to sleep. Goodnight betch. Talk to me tomorrow.
I am thankful for 'Cuse lax. They play tough games h
RT RT : Next week Friday night 23:30-1am I will be dishing out House tunes on ....No AD Breaks just 1...
I'll work you off
Where there's a will... I want to be in it.
Just saw a huge billboard for the muppet movie! I'm so freaking excited!!
If what you heard is true will it help save his reputation or will there still be too many questions no matter what?
I'm going to Spain yay! Lol
#jobs #rails Ruby on Rails Opening in Seattle, WA, contact me at for more info
Ohh its what you do to me
almost done with my zine project i've been working on for the last few weeks.
as i'm packing my last minute stuff, i feel like i'm forgetting so much.
This week's discovery: Vancouver as unofficial remote outpost for foreigners who can't get US visas. Gov't of Canada: Build on this.
[Campus Bulletin] Good luck Jackets against vpisu tonight! There's only room for one Fake Tech around here, and it doesn't contain "Poly-".
"It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them." - Duc de la Rochefoucauld (1613 - 1680)
Dreams and Love are the reason to live life to the fullest!
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
Lolol oh well,
Donates to Red Cross in Light of Recent Tornadoes, Assists with Aftermath: bit.ly/ilfk9D -- "AWESOME!"
how come #Tylorrrrr wasn't in that list ha ha ha
It's close to fun cities like Charlotte...
Hello :) This is carol hacking Manno Army..Trying to not melt in the rain. Did you know that Dinosaurs are awesome!!!!!!!! Bet not....
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Occasional rain. Lows in the lower 60s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain...
Nice! RT Come up and Watch The Chicago BlackHawks $2 Bud family pints !!!
When people contradict themselves several times on their own TimeLine it really shows how much of a story teller they are! Love it!!! =)
but you are perfect?!? <3
I'm getting that funny feeling again.
- is a social media tool some use that measures their strength as an individual social media user. That's all. :)
Whoa guys...never thought we'd turn on each other!
And gentleman. Lol
in Edgewater having vegetarian cuisine...
Dear god, #andrewluck even sounds like a manning...
#HowAreYouAThug with no hustle?
- lol did not , I had to take my sister to the hospital , who presented ?
it was so busy at work today so I tried to stop people from coming haha
y'all watching the fight? Smh
Hoping I get a Job .. I need one
Up early making pizza dough for event tonight
Valdre asks what lessons have been learned from Bosnia that we can apply to today's crises?
I've got a meet & greet today in Tarzana CA, my first time here, I like this place. Neat, tidy, well manicured...
I swear if I have to sleep in the same room as somone that snores again ill prolly have to do time
Why dreaded?
Ya I got them moves like jagger end you were saying?......:-) #moveskikejagger MoOoOoOvves
This radio station playing classics
u kno u hav ginourmous hips when the width of ur shoulder is smaller than tht of ur hips& ur waist is literally half the size of yo hips lol
Preparing Batches of my Vegan ALMOND-CILANTRO-SPINACH PESTO for the weekend. Give thanks and praises. peace, Chef Toussaint of Oakland' ...
We often take for granted the very things which most deserve our gratitude.
I don't judge... What the Hell are you wearing? The Penguins aren't even a real hockey team there just there cause they pay to be
The great city of Dallas tonight!
oh jesus jean, don't do this to me! I think she may be the one...
What a treat to get to hear from some wonderful #NM authors at the NM Press Women 2012 Zia Awards!
We have seen that trend as well. There will be a lot of white wine drinking if we have another summer like last year!
I dont know what to get my stupid ugly awesome husband for his bday. Maybe I will just give in & finally play Small Worlds with him. :-)
guy that sits behind you introduced himself to me thought i was new apparently he has never seen me!
Seahawks new jersey
there is a franchisee in the area but I don't know his development plans. sorry.
she got that 4.0 cubic feet going on
I have a seller client that slept through the boom and is seriously regretting it.
Super stoked for Fest tonight!! is going to #PARTY!!!
Oregon University System Board fires U of Oregon's Prez for seeking "privatization" ventures. Is this the start of a new trend in H.Ed.?
Way to go!
Tremendous turnout #healthcare conference.
Just saw a Latina milf with double G Juggs
Man, school never prepares you for the
WHY MUST YOU RESURFACE NOW?!
not happy with and the new fees for debit cards. I will most likely be taking my business elsewhere very soon.
Order for Thanksgiving by Tuesday, Nov. 22 for Nov. 23 pickup! Appalachian Granny's desserts made on-site at Acme!! Call 614-732-2803
Me too! RT : Getting ready to board the Librarian Express to Fairbanks!
PAAAAIIIIIIIINNNNNNN ! ! ! FUUCCK!!! Tattooing is like my damn kryptonite sometimes !!! Can anyone reccomend a chiropractor?
BREAKING NEWS: William Balfour found guilty of murdering 3 members of Jennifer Hudson's family.
it's official isn't gonna follow me. I'll try again another day I guess... :(
that the thing I don't have any money
Dick Clark?? Damn.
We're very excited to have you onbaord as our newest chef, welcome!
Huh. HathiTrust: say "HAH-tee," Hindi word for elephant.
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!
will do! thanks for the #shoutout and follow!
If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble. -Moliere
Work work work never a day to just relax and enjoy my family, fiance or the awesome weather we've been getting :(
i was in the first class u i think u were in the first cus i think ur mom asked me to like hand her ur bag tht u got singed
If you don't get lost, there's a chance you may never be found.
Did some window shopping today for our redesign Next step: start mood boards!
Golly, I can't think of anything else you should be doing...
SHOUT OUT TO YOU! EVERYONE FOLLOW HER PLEASE!
In here drinken this ghetto ass coolaid
;) we just had our first wedding anniversary in January.
you all should come to Houston,Texas
QUALITY #Home #Remodeling at budget prices! Ask about our lay away plans & senior citizen discounts. We care about Chicagoland. 773-663-4082
I was just two blocks from at the same time. We were potentially passerbys.
Thank you! Appreciate it
I can't with y'all.
NYC I see you baby.
Betty White will pocket more cash during HER LAST 10 YEARS than she did during the entire rest of her career. Just watch.
A game of Racquet Ball instead of cleaning the booth. Fun :D
you're hanging out with the wrong people then
This #LAWind is crazy!
Lunch with jezy!:)
Tempted to open presents tomorrow....but I'll wait until Wednesday! (hopefully)
getting some sleep now so i can be in a good mood for my mommy :)
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. Elbert Hubbard
INBOX: "Two enormously important issues, Occupy Wall Street and nuclear safety, are coming to a head this week."
whoa whoa whoa slow it down a notch. i just met you. but goodnight. haha
is filthy as ever on #PabstandJazz . Dope ass title too.
"1" & "2" are this weeks featured Numbers and Letters samples! Check them out on #productionvault!
Patrick., Nd Jessica., You Two Mean The World To Me.
I'm going to bed. I've had enough of this media circus.
Ball Boys is a joke...they overpaid for that helmet by at least a grand. Sigs were faded and not one significant/expensive name.
RT : Q2 Libraries should be built with the patrons in mind. The library staff is what makes patrons feel welcome or not
Good morning, Brenda! I dreamed about you last night!
Vegas and California in April booya
thanks for the love papi!!!!:-*
I'm a beautiful freak ;)
uh positive. Lol
Why does everyone have nissan sentra's?
- Dave! When you gettin that new show? ur killin us out here. spendin our time watchin twitter. Help Dave!
Uncle Ed spoke very HIGHLY of you. We'll be praying for your Dad.
I vote we do not call Ibaka "weed"
Wow, I'm not much a tweeter.
Whoo Hoo!!! Welcome to the fun!!!
How have you learned about your family history?
Great meeting with Editor, Visual Effects Supervisor & Director this evening to establish continuing workflow in weeks ahead. So far so good
#wrestlemania gonna be the greatest one ever
Maybe u should say we need to lay off the home runs Jen!
Early morning: Gourmet To Go is catering for an all-day meeting hosted in our W. Mtg. Room w/ meals on the balcony.
Aloha! Happy May Day!
scholarships make me want to cry
EAT IT ! Hahah good to have you back Baboso!!
thanks for the RT
how do the sell them hungry? :)
Few more hours til I'm off... Yes
Laundry day <U+E058>
And once again #ND is freezing cold. Ah the joys of living up North.
A sherrif's deputy got away with murder. But the guy he killed was suicidal, so we don't really think that should count.
Amen, Brother Ivan! "my film is on twitter now! check out and other things #canyonroadmovie!" via
7 More Hours Till 2012..!!!! ;D
I've always wondered. :)
Just went hard at the gym with :)
It's National Pancake day, so and I are going to Ihop to indulge in their free pancakes. You in? (cc: )
thanks guys.
we are safe at home...currently have power here...call if u can
"Ignorance is a voluntary misfortune." -Nicholas Ling
I can't imagine having only 6 minutes between classes. That's outrageous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Really looking forward to tonight's first dinner in the series. Which course are you the most excited about?
Post Edited: Wine Sale - Up to 70% off Retail with FREE Shipping
I LOVED the black dress u wore during ur performance on finale! Can u tell us what it was?? Thx!
its a WHOLE different set of ppl for early morn/late nights on Twitter...than in the Day......
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE #FOLLOW 5
Psyching myself up to finish my research today by pretending I'm #LisbethSalandar hacking through archives to dig up dirt on the bad guys.
"This town was built for cows, not cars to move around in." - Random Stranger, Bus Talk about Boston
How many people just realized they have to go back to work on Monday.. Productivity will surely be at an all time high
haha why the mad face? xD
Hell yea!
The Father desires to close the gaps in your purpose! When you can declare you faithfulness to His will, He will assure you position in Him!
RT : Acting is also working with people who invite you into their dreams and trust you with their innermost being.
Those look lovely. Did you know has a free class on succulents next month?!
yes I have.
can I get a follow back please?
my wheel barrow is full how many bricks have you moved so far
Thanks for the Link :) You're a rockstar - would love to work with you!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
When playing dangerous person, don't. Murder doesn't play murderer.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning holy fuck I have man legs.
There are many variations of UI but 3 of them are the most common – urge incontinence, stress incontinence & overflow incontinence
hello friends! Please follow my business page: Thank you for your support, and have an ACTIVE day!
i'll take the spider over the snake anyday Bill!
Just saw Alfredo de la Fe at Yoshis SF. I wish I could have heard more. Tommorow...Ignacio Berroa...Don't Miss It!
Hi Amanda. The only thing that could make it better is joining in the #CMLbookchat at 7pm.
I dont recollect ya name
is speaking the truth!
Audition cancelled. :( Too bad, I was perfect for the role (sports fanatic)!
(Slowly descends into frame...)
what do you need?
You bet! Thanks for sharing such fun facts and nuggets of info :)
y'all are so amazing &' y'all make me happy to be here (; thank you!
:-) Ayee this book getting kindaa good!
Went to the movies w/ 11 friends tonight and I'm surprised we didn't get kicked out.. We originally were gonna go w/ 15 but 4 couldnt go.
#BiebsMeetLizie! PLease it's her dream to meet u
Up to late
I need some music to motivate me today...
Surly Temple whips the girls into action, causing a flurry of preparations!
Seniors!! Tomorrow is the LAST official day of HIGH SCHOOL!! Are you sad or excited?
Yay Verlo! We'd love to have you!
Good luck on standby! Nice chatting with you. Have a great trip. Go Saints!
Thanks! It means a lot. It's just hard getting discovered/noticed. :/
didn't we decide to kill him?
#FF Living Legend congrats on the Scene Cover Well Deserved!
today´s a good day :)
I giggle the whole time. I love how u get to see the person erase. So funny.
Learning interesting things from a customer on the hunt for her lost dog. Lots of resources from &
Omg just scared my sister.. .........Hell-larious
Women an cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
.. yea it should be .. just hope i can catch on to the choreography fast .. swing dance ain't easy!!
Casting NEW reality show! Have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story to
I'm outta here
Wow, pretty crazy #Angels RT : Seriously, according to , Pujols has the lowest WAR in MLB. Yes, Pujols
Spring semester is officially done!!!
For the privileges of exponentially higher copays and deductibles, MKE Co will take another $3,000 from each worker.
if he had done that in the age of youtube, dude would have had a platinum ringtone.
*happy sigh* I have the best Twitter friends. You all make my timeline so beautiful!!! <3
So important! "Don't skip this simple but vital step before bed--wash your face! Cleansing is the basis for great #skin."
I feel like everyone and their fucking mother is going to Ditlers tonight.
thanks girl for helping me today get through it.....she didn't break anything but has concusion :/
In case I forget #ff tomorrow: and why?
how to tell it's just post spring break: the students are far less "paper deadline" panicked.
cool. Sorry about not being able to link w u yesterday. Tomm I should be good prob in the evening if that works 4 u?
kat, u been gone too long. n we gtta chill before august
As I was driving home today, a car on the frontage road actually yielded as I exited the freeway. I think that's pretty awesome. So, yay.
MAYBE I JUST HAD A MOMENT BUTI THINK MORGAN JUST MISS HA DADDY
Hospital food aint too bad....
However it may be I'm ready
It's a huge space, so we're trying to get as many as possible, honestly. I mean, 50-100 would be amazing? But even 30 would work...
Nunez has a ton of talent. I don't know if fans realize but he leads the team in steals !! But ...pitching & D wins Championships!
just take the time once in a while to tell someone you were thinking of them it makes all the difference.
I always find stuff in my characters to relate to.. #Acting is Great .
Only thirty more minutes to stop by the Jossey-Bass booth during the expo! We're at booth #1112-- the place to be!
I just landed a trade: natal #astrology reading for raw juice, iced coffee, and homemade soups from my favorite S Austin juice/soup stand.
why don't you love me by ft. is just flawless... "open up your arms cause i could be all that you need."
SEAD applying social media methods to handle data curation needs of science research, incl microcitations
Me you us
OT with the Celtics.
Questions about something you've seen in a magazine or on television? We'll help you sort out the beauty facts from fiction.
plz like my fan page!!
FINISHED MY RESEARCH PAPER!
(correction, that's ) Did you see this >> mediabistro.com/fishbowldc/my-… from ?
Also did a #twitter experiment in class. Not very successful.
#3wordsaftersex make me a sandwich
love what brighton does for their team. Truly a wonderful company.
I didnt get a text do u have the right number?
lazy Saturday morning reading drinking a Life is good. ^TR
another punk ass day n cali wit da fams n peeps facebook me @ toninkajj
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today! At SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Swag= Fresh = Filthy
With the way Iowans are polling lately their either schizophrenic, just plain stupid, or they're fucking with the pollsters.
It's raining cats and dogs in #Fallbrook tonight. A good night to stay in and crack a nice bottle of #Randydunn Cabernet.
Didn't know had a twitter
Surreality: the only reality I know.
That moment when you LITERALLY have nothing to do -_-
justin racing in daytona?
Damn shut down smoke sessions shut down shut down! Man but that green sounds so good :( why did I start smoking!?!?!?
Bout to eat a home made steak an cheese I'm a
happy Birthday to my Bestest friend & to one of my favorite singers of all time ! #Beliebers I've been one since 09
by the way I found Tommy Rees in my friend's yearbook this morning. thought you should know lol
I HAVE ASMR
I'm so ready for what's coming to me!
No. It finally quieted down for the evening and I'm too tired to moderate.
Shot a story today that reminded me why I love my job. I love it when that happens. And it happens often.
Things you don't see every day: A teenager buying a CD.
Is the best way to contact you via your site? Wanted to share an idea about a visual project focused on you.
that's smart as hell. i like the way you think.
how much u charge for the mixtape host on livemixtape
who would be interested in a 2 part french pastry cooking class?!
Love for the tall and even the thicker, Can Fuck with a Bitch who can't handle her liquor. Mixtape is gonna be crazy
hits on Irish girls all the time. Just saying.
Only 3 more days until the 7 Venue with Monster Energy at the helm!
Can you say pathetic!
Every celebrity I follow on Twitter is going to the White House Correspondents Dinner.Now I'm going to say that I'm going too.
Another day another dollar be blessed
3 pounds of barbecue ought to do it . . .
You're probably right. Just ignore MJ. The guy clearly has issues. Porter Story = Disgusting & Sad
Yes, but who's endorsing this 'pizza' you speak of. And does it have Midi?
remember we went last Sunday and saw it? O.o
Mother Nature - you made it rain 2 days in a row in #ABQ. You ok? Feeling alright? Maybe you should sit down, take a load off.
too much on my mind...im going to sleep, gnite all
: (*laughs*) …why oh why did i not pursue PhD in discipline that would accept such as thesis?
I went to your site twice thinking the cheapest plan you offered was $199/mo. Please showcase the $9.99 more!
Look for your favorite centerpieces. You can bring them home tonight!
hoodie weather y'all.
I'm excited about that new movie starring John Cusack as Elvis Grbac.
I hate having to make random food combinations because there isn't anything to eat.
Bill GatesIt is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
Menopause does not seem fun... genital atrophy???
Live Performances now
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Watching Michael Jackson on youtube he was the greatest..
Changes-our lives are full of them. Some changes cause more stress than others. Stay ahead of the curve and de-stress whenever possible.
Call sheet (nearly) complete!
I hate what the grass does to your shoes after you mow the lawn.
Also, the proprietor is a fellow bassoonist!
To quote Lauryn Hill, "it could all be so simple, but you'd rather make it hard!"
Best news all month! RT say hello to OC Weekly's new Music Editor!
I wanna continue to be great and be
I love Greg Kinnear. And you can't stop me.
So don't sleep follow us and stay updated!
: Preschool programming should be equivalent to what you provide for other age groups.
Being a home owner can be a heavy meal on the pockets at times.... but hey I survived 10 yrs for a reason.......
yeah, I learned that lesson the hard way too
haven't read what Payton's suspension entails (off today) but if he truly can't affect his team, Brees & offense will suffer.
#icantdateagirl that doesn't have a vagina!!!
So I've been gone for awhile but I would love for 100 folks to #beware of #Autism tonight please follow
if you're facing the stage, we have the same left.
I know right :D
We are off to serve lunch with Colorado business #leaders at Lawrence St. Shelter!
Kuhn (): If one knows it's inevitable to die, it's not the immersion you need to cry; this comes from agency and surrender
Shopko had on sale RT : #Sadfact I still don't have a #packers cheesehead
Fuck it, I'm single. :)
Where is my beloved ?
Sounds like heaven! Can I come? Haha!
I know!!! It's been a while... How are you Leslie? :)
Someone has stretched his 15 minutes of fame a tad too far.
To see cover go to myspace.com/lilmeta or facebook.com lil meta
Those in EGO have a million reasons 4 "Why&Why not"! SPIRITualist listen then acknowledge "Hm..I never saw it that way. I'll take a look!"
Sorry for the MIA, but we're back & our #oneforone is back on track. Had some set-backs, but now it's time to Hop on board the do-good train
row boat and speed boat in one
Yes! RT : “: I'm so glad all the negative campaign ads will stop after the primaries today.” amen to that
If some of these Duke kids come back next year, they may truly have a shot.
My man getting on his tweet game!
I Believe I Can Fly is trending.....yes
how is your record on education? Milwaukee County & Wisconsin
Loved it on my old PC but when I got the new PC and installed the updated version on it I decided it kinda sucked
once again anybody want to be shouted out in my video
WHAT IS IT??
HOPE SO TOO!! RT : Also thanks to for hosting #sommchat. We hope to join you again sometime soon. Santé!
. is a great Windows Phone resource.
ikr...so this weekend need to stretch...
how she gone get mad because i wont talk to huh n she told me she like another nigga what kinda shit is dat u can't trust some females
I just cant wait for this school year to end!!!!
- FINALLY caught a glimpse of you! Was beginning to worry they'd save you for tomorrow!
Aww, why thank you;) Lol!!! I'm not sure why I put Niall' head on a Koala but hey YOLO.
ha, well it was my childhood ambition? but the movies i actually made as a child were REMARKABLY unpromising
agree agree and agree!!
fade away jump shot yelling Netflix!!
and trust me and listen wen i say some people are going to change
Flash splash intros : 2001 web pages :: Infographic content : 2012 web pages
Melody inn in Indianapolis, IN TONIGHT!
I'm sure im not number one but I'm still a big fan... :)
FYI ice cube wasn't from the streets his parents were professors at ucla. He just got together with nwa
why? Lol you want another new car that bad?
#SometimesIGetSickOf Not Having Enough Money For Everything I Want
Marilyn Horne is also at the Hollywood Bowl for Dudamel conducting "Turandot." Carmeggedon is breezy.
My father taught me never to take life too seriously and not to worry about things I can't change. Thanks Dad! I love you!
Satan loves me, i know
who hiring?
im gonna go now . ill talk to you later. bye , broseph.
I think today, I buy a pumpkin.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
Just looked one up and that sounds awesome.
This time last year I was riding home, miserable on the NYC subway. Man, life is amazing.
Us too.
Who else puts their blankets in the dryer to make them warm before you go to sleep? Just me? O.
#soschat tough week for NY educators - pls share about convention
before you judge someones life think about whats going on behind the scenes.
It's a picture day for a cruise.
Call it a curse or just call me blessed if you can't handle my worst you ain't getting my best hmmp! Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt*
I don't mess around with animals. If the poor thing hasn't eaten for days, call animal control or take it to the SPCA.
My porn star name is Peter Dinklage.
like what?? It's not ok to do that!! do you wanna talk about it?? <3
Baseball and Lax players are arguing lmao lames we all know football is the best sport!
"our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall". thank you fortune cookie.
That means my homework this wkend, in addition to grading, was to roast a chicken and shop for a tea dispenser. (Chai for Empire, of course)
“The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.” – Joseph Joubert via
S/o to the haters
I'll DM you my office number - we have some limited research on the topic & have been receiving client inquiries on it too
Lunch at Gourmet Gourmet on Amelia Island, with Ang and the kiddies, just beautiful here.
i'm taken sorry.
last time I quoted my liberal clergy friends screamed hehe
Hey ms lady, how are you?
I forgot how cute he is ;-)
RT : Save the date...June 11th for the Mt. Pleasant music fest!
Ever make a paper boat? You'll get a chance to do that again at SECCA's Fri (4-27-12) opening of paperless. 7pm, refreshments, music.
I am interested in seeing the video.
Thanks fr the recent RT, Jeff!
I'm on unemployment, do promo gigs, and get requests for art. :)
are talking about this.... Holding page owners and agencies accountable.
William Davis~ The kind of humor I like is the thing that makes me laugh for seconds and think for minutes.
Any day is a good day as long as its not raining!
Thank you Robert, for the #FF!!
Did u decide on your zine theme?
Happy birthday to you, Jennifer!
I ride to work because then I begin & end my work day happy, guaranteed.
that's a legit snack bag.
I can't tell the difference between a Toby Keith and a Tim McGraw song. That's not a good thing, people.
less speaking. more drinking.
YES! RT : Facebook changes. Myspace didnt. Which 1 do you still use? Change is good. Stop complaining about FB changes!
Can't wait for it to be our time to shine tomorrow
America Pie Reunion.
Got a pitch today for a Mother's Day segment: "interested in featuring the Shake Weight as an affordable gift for mom?" Uh...well...
Happy Earth Month to you too! The free registration period is over, but you can register to become a lifetime member for only $35!
tag heuer watches professional price evaluation of watches with ...
Humiliated & Betrayed.... FML
I laughed so hard, I almost had an aneurysm. Next flick im renting is Horrible Bosses.
Good Luck on the start of your #HCG P2. :) If u have any questions, let us know. RT 3day on Hcg let's getting in
Im in Russell 205, come by.
Right. And Daisy ad aired only once.
Whn your lying to someone and you bestfriend agrees and catches on.
I miss having good times w/ my best friend ! I miss you girly
I'm following!! Follow back!
I did! just keep it there b/c it has awesome pictures and you can keep going back. it's really a coffee table book.
#smwhndbk Cross event
Good Morning at Kauffman and its our last day for the summer but i am leaving early for the graduation
"Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad"
ath. dept. accounting practices are more creative than Enron. Interpretations even worse. 4 example UK donates back $4 mil
ps. when are you moving? we need to plan a date before that happens! maybe material girls? warrenton?! va quilt museum?!
That's compared to last year's earthquake, and tsunami coverage. Deny ignorance.
totally -- check out this thought that backs this up: How you enter, is how you leave. Enter rejecting, leave the process...
What a rowdy bingo group today -- come and join them! 7916 SE Foster -- enter on 79th -- all community, all the time.
Did you tell her about the electronic strip search machines? ;-)
ha cus that's so true!
I come to find you and you're MIA? wah! Wine Wed FAIL.
will they provide the medications needed to get through that screening?
thanks mom! L<U+2764>ve you!!!
Good Morning!(:
great gig last night at La Jolla... tonight at The Tipping Point!! 7:00 to 10:00... come on down and join us!!
Idk what to do today:(
Just delivered a birthday cake to the cutest 2 year old I have ever met, just adorable :)
Going to Bowie super early for an 8 hour Mindfulness workshop for therapists. Hoping for some insights I can tweet for you, mindfully.
#TwitterlessDavidBrown his rats can't stay in they just fall out from the gay butt sex
i know u will be, wish u the Best n speedy recovery
Davis responds with a 10-0 run of its own, as Raymond Navarro hits back to back 3s. Davis leads 32-22 1 minute left 2Q."
i am a reason to smile lol
Are you the selkie In the whirlpool luring me To conversation?
The love for shoes is like the love for life because to walk the roads of life you have to wear shoes, make choices and take chances
Eff you chapter 8 on gastrointestinal diseases. EFF YOU!
This Guy said my car needs winshield wipers to pass #NYSinspection this is some bull $hit!!! Maybe i like Streaks!! Its Friday
follow me please
GO PACK GO!!!!! I <3 my Green & Gold!! Cancelled a date to watch the game. Touchdown already! It was a good call! He mustn't be the one. LOL
This chocolate diaper tastes like corn.
Did you know that recurrence of kidney stones is partially a result of poor hydration?
Hav yu eva made love tuh uh drug dealer.. she replied yes isaid NIGGA PLEASE IM HIGHER DEN DE FIRST CLASS WINDOW SEAT..YE..
Here comes the sun! Patio's good to go! We got lunch and drink specials all the live long day!
we can take the local and you can get off in yonkers on the way back and ill just get scooped
Weird dream last night. A mashup of a "Community" episode and the new "Chernobyl Diaries" movie. Abed saves the day in the end.
All is great! Mad OB busy but that is good! You? How is life post IK-12?
-gasp- theres no Nando's in San Antonio
Shouldn't he be wearing a beret?lol
RT The purpose of a good education is not to change minds, but to open them.
when did you go to FAMU bro?
I deleted my fb page.
Missed you girls!! P.S. Saw you were 6th grade chair of Conrad's immense PTA - lurve!
looks like the two big memes of 2011 are going to be "ninjas" and "clouds"
RT : I see.. said the blind man.. to his deaf wife..
Make sure you compliment someone today. It makes you and them feel good. You guys are all awesome.
Viola Davis
I love you so much! Why can't you just realize this!<\3
Los Angeles, CA United States
i mean thought
I do not feel like gettin outta bed today...
Are you doing anything fun this weekend?
"Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." — Dwight D. Eisenhower
Meat isn’t necessary, but it does make the job easier
You can grab our number from the bottom of the website. Let us know if you need anything.
I had to do something with my dad LOL
playing on the comp.
Done with #hicss talk and got lots of valuable feedback/comments
Guys someone bring me food, I'd love you forever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
great job on The Game!!!! Congrats!!
And That's my dog. Point em out Point em out!
Working on the new site, looking to launch this Thursday!
Why haven't the rest of the Magic, not Howard, played like this in the first four games? Teach em son
aw thanks love! :D
Kindness goes a long way.
Looking fwd 2 it RT : "People want to engage in community but struggle w where,” says provides an opp
Single mothers always assume they have the hardest time. Try being a
well done!!
When you trying to bubble, don't pop
who coming back?
It all started a group of us friends in college now its jus me n my snooki
I'm Excited. Youhh Followed Me!!. HeHe. You're So Nice!. And Pretty Jussayin'!. (NoHomo)
so excited about the new happy hour menu at Mr. B's. The new menu looks fab
Beastie Boys but not in the RnR HoF? travesty!
What the hell timezone is Midlandia in???
#Saints knew exactly what was coming..look at all the positions they been filling
" Anything that is measured and watched, improves. " -Bob Parsons, founder, Go Daddy
please help #ArianaDidAmazing trend:)? Tell others
you guys havents one a playoff game since the first american idol lmao and the "8th" seed is playin better than u guys
Not surprised Hollie got voted off. She has been very inconsistent and her second song last night was pretty bad. Love this top 3.
Right next to the stage in 105 :D Xx
Congratulations! I won't be at ALA but look forward to catching up with you at ACRL next year.
Chapter 2012 Page 115 of 366 The Power of Delegation...Priceless
We all have that guy in our school who is so sexy.
“There are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.” ~ Thomas Edison – Take risks, make a difference.
In the midst of the work/home/baby/kids/spouse frenzy, take one minute of quiet time for yourself. It will be a little gift.
follow back please:9
Nightmares so I couldn't sleep so I'm strapped down through the weekend , my mask on like I'm trick or treatin
lol that too, I've given up on homework <U+E301>
....and the whole building lost power, guess that means its lunchtime?
I will miss his kisses. <3
hes gonna be an nba playaaa one day ! lol im gunna be the bitch regreting braking up with him lmao
Frustrated, but this phrase on mind mind and making me laugh : "3 am, we have to stop meeting like this. I'd much rather sleep with you."
Roasting marshmallows :)
what a great service you offer. glad you found me and i found you. have two great days!!
RT Is anyone else dreaming of a refreshing glass of VeuveClicquot to make up for this #heatwave? Yes & it's a recurring dream
look at my last tweet
We have a killer black bean vegan sandwich...
My baby Zooey deschanel was on the new I-Phone 4s Commercial :)
It's 8pm! Where are you??
#ithoughtyoulookedgood egg, dairy, and nut free chocolate chip cookies. Now my cookie jar is empty.
Billboard in N. ALabama: 'Healthcare - Never vote for a democrat.' (with c in healthcare as a hammer & sickle)
Randy Housers bus caught on fire! Oh no! glad he's ok!!
Which is correct: A colonoscopy is not for the faint of heart, or a colonoscopy is not for the faint at heart?
Party all night like animals, wake up feeling like road kill
Verses episode 2.... 2 words... OMG ZACH!!!! Only you hahahaha
and when u coming back
FREE HUGS! Take one and pass it on! (Proceeds go to benefit World Peace.) <3
What a long and productive day. Time for bed now tho. I'll do more shit tomorrow. Fuck yah!! Night, sexies!!
Don't assume resistance means you are on the wrong path; it can be proof you are headed in exactly the right direction.
So.. Sleeping, School. Then eating. Then singing. Lol. <---- My day tomorrow (x
Henry VI haunts Windsor Castle. (Or at least that's what I've heard.)
Spend almost entire day with my little nephew! What a smart and cool kid!
my sauce is weak?
When some busts out a #PowerPoint, it's pretty much a guarantee I'm going to be bored out of my mind.
On my way home.
I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
your welcome Megan:)
are you sure???
Only 26 days until #Famous ! Are you as excited as I am?!
follow back :) ?
All I want is more sleep...
@ TCR playing tennis with couple of investors!
Why is it that as small as our planet is (jets) 25,000,000 children can suffer while we go about our daily lives as if they didn't exist?
no I'm pretty sure I'm going to have to make a scene!
trust I'm a goon!:)
I support you putting mc on your wedding registry!
Hmm...I may need to look into that. I think I'd get bored if I had to do it 40 hours a week, but maybe on the side?
Uncool. My #Aztecs can't fall to the New Mexico Bobos. Can't happen. Please. No. Jamaal....save us...
I would love to have an app that allows me to see what other train passengers are listening to
Not a problem ....And you just be mine...
Nothing will match my room
#FF& thanks for the mentions
The forecast in Branded Intros calls 4 Sunny! New Sunny Sweeney "Drink Myself Single" is up on
most projections I saw figured about .260, 20 HRs, 80 RBIs. not an all-star, but certainly valuable.
nice piece - thanks Jill !
Katy perry's on replay , she's on replay .
Ladies those good morning texts don't last forever y'all need to put in work too lol.
I LOVE WAH!
Don't tell me you miss me if you're not willing to do anything about it.
Squared RT : Raise you a billion. RT +1000 RT : LinkedIn invitation reminders need to end
#Ravennation that's how you win a game!!!
- what's wrong ?
RT : The library is cold but my feet are WARM in these Cat Shearlings... I gotta thank my internship for this one!
thanks man, definitely appreciated!
ha! What's up, pussycat? Everything okay? =\
Sorry to offend you, saw the article and just trying to help without costing you an arm and a leg. Locally owned, in 3rd Ward.
OH! loved the pics you posted. I was on vacation, so, I wasn't sad, :) but sounds like it was an excellent event.
Anticipation is building while we wait for the winner of Power Pitch. All 12 entrepreneurs truly brought it today. Great job!
We hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! It's Black Friday! Don't forget to download or full-length, "Momentum" for FREE. Spread the word.
Hi there, I produced 2 driving tours for GSM National Park while employed at Antenna Audio a few years back. Still using?
Go! You'll always have what ifs if not & will always have this beautiful city to come back to! Congrats!!
i need 1 more followers for 4250 : )
And the winner of the award for all-time worst iPhone app ever goes to yahoo fantasy football 2011. Pathetically horrible performance.
great show!!!
please do!! :D
hell yes! They lk GD! N I'm in tweet war w/, just clld #codyzeller overrated?! : you watching today?”
in the Library finishing up some papers for grad school
Look at Susan Boyle. You've still got a chance! You are just a spring chicken!
's dress is rainbow sherbet gorgeous!! Love it!
Don't let people think you are copying JB!! They are just Jelly that they are not as cool as you!! #effthose haters
Now THAT was a good service at !
“: I have to be up in 3 hours and I'm wide awake. What show did u say you were on again?"Good Luck Charlie
a year with ? priceless <3
oh true! that's awesome! are you driving out?
; you totally do. only time you stop is when you sleep. :P
Thanks, Jen!
First meeting to plan out next year's festival!! Some changes are coming your way!!
Music for my morning alarm: I will be rising to Crudbump's "Your Life is a Hellscape." Nastyjams is a dope album. nice work.
Your lack of Awareness is what got you where you are at, Now Wake Up!
Gr8~ RT : I'm in! RT #DesignBizChat is TOMORROW! 10 am ET -Collaboration-creating it, making it work, succeed
let me know how it is!
your outfit is killer hun! Love how a woman gets dolled up
My favorite show ever
We are #columbine. 12 years later it still seems like yesterday. Never forget.
I'm up way too early...
Everyone who isn't going home for Easter weekend should hit up the Munchie Express tonight!
i need 2 up grade my phone.. who still got a rumor touch.. nobody bt me... uggggggggggggg i hate my phone.. purple u gotta go
Some of these niggaz gettin the word swag mixed up with fag. IJS
Lovely to meet you this weekend!
Who can supply us with fresh baked croissants for a catering gig? Need 100 ea. pricing too. Thanks
you're welcomee.
Donation Based Polarity on November 17. Tweet for more information.
If you are allergic to REALITY Unfollow
So much shenanigans going on.
We haven't updated our list quite yet...I was just mentioning you folks that got a lot of recommendations. We'll update soon!
excepet im not a skank. i'm definitely a solid 7, at least. all you need to get on your ACT to get in is like a 21.
The site looks great. You are providing a great service to a lot of people
Thurs @ Nan: Special cafe for teen writers w/ award winning YA author Jillian Cantor-tips on writing & getting published. Oct 20 @ 6:30.
The path of spiritual evolution extends from this world into the Real World, from which everything came & to which it will all return ~Okawa
Follow the Phoenix and Surrounding area nightlife in one place!
soak them in your bathtub with COLD water. add baking soda if they're set in.
Born Digital Materials in 2010. There's am & pm class sessions each day; evening programs & time to chat w/ fellow students.
"Proficiency ratings are a floor and not a ceiling-- we need to be pushing our kids much farther."-Henderson
One of the only female characters in that show that does not stay in the kitchen, and actually kicks ass.
Needs to go to sleep! Spanish stuff stuck in my head!
Gonna be in great lakes on the 14th of September!!
Im didnt put it on there i need you to do a hook first
Wea My Ppl From Tally At Doe ?
if i were you, i would consider taking a look at 's icon, it's fantastic
Studying for AP <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
All tied up at 7
Swig's first aid kit for a week of humidity includes; peppercorn tuna, watermelon salad and red sangria! Bring on the heat!
The fears you don’t face become your limits. And the doubts you don’t deal with become your walls.
Favorite movie ever! "You mean you wish to surrender to me? Very well, I accept."
bring the heat on KMOX. We need a little controversy.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
I never ever ever wanna go back to school. Being absent is an addiction.
RT if you are excited for the #SOBEWFF South Beach Food & Wine Festival this weekend. We know we are!
Good Friends are like Stars You don't always C them But you know they're always there!
“: Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride”
This is taking forever ....
Let's go with Mega Piranha, should be interestingly stupid.
FUCK! Let's go rangers
Bully, Graveyard opens at 5.
"If you don't learn something new everyday, you've wasted your life." -client on Magnolia today
Make them write a poem about their fears!!
doing good...keeping busy!
Dang, yeah I haven't heard from them in a min...so I'm on vacation after tomorrow til nxt Thursday so we gotta play 2k
"I love the heft of a double cut pork chop, it makes me feel American". Makes me want to BE American :)
Every Kindle is a children's Kindle if the kid can read!
Going to the tomorrow!!!! inspires such great ideas!!!
You're welcome. How do you feel about it pics being pinned on Interest w/link to ur site?
G'night fb...God Bless You All & To All A G'night...
aw thank you very much that means a lot lol <3 x 234908239042
Wow. That's dope dude. Hardwork pays off.
How do we get #occupy involved in economy? Need to get young people jobs. Hire interns. Train them. Make them more employable
Yeah I just live tweeted a trip to #kohls suck it
follow us? Please ?(:
Thanks, Jon!
Is this building louder when the #Pens get the puck than CEC ?
Eaton Beaver
It's good to have you ! :) ^dr
good luck! Celebratory shots for all when we graduate!
Or maybe I have a slight twinge of jealousy b/c I wish I could not overanalyze my own shit and just put shit out already.
Eh, a few of my coworkers look askance. (But that's HARDLY the only thing they look askance at, so whatever.)
Has it really been 8 years since I learned EAD? What knowledge could I have possibly retained, if any?
I bought 's CD Tuesday I'm lovin' his new stuff too. <3 Season 8 Idols was and always will be the best to me. <3
iknow maybe next weekend?!
Congrats on a great game!
Too bad I was unable to meet with Dewey Markham Jr for lunch next week. Both our schedules conflicted. Maybe next time.
I remember back in the day_______(fill in the rest)!
I hate you Ted!
: all in on defund Said it AGAIN! Give him a Dane County welcome @ 5:00 today.WalkerHQ,2980 Cahill Main,Fitchburg.
you rolled it?
Starting to not feel good :( #thiscan'tbegood
Thanks!! Likewise, hope ya'll are doing well!
“: Law and Order: SVU!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” I second that meggoo
Then gonna finish and give me the stick
also The Tamale Place on the west side is ridiculous!
It's a great photo. We were down there for the free burgers coming on Saturday.
Hello 5 day weekend...I've missed you!
cept for Jesus.. he did alot but made no mistakes(:
RT : Dating & Love Advice
Your straight lieing to my face ..
please send our #salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week!
thanks friend!
If anyone has any thoughts about tonight's Veep, let me know. But I guess everyone was watching Mad Men.
1000 words written tonight for our book!! we are hoping to release by Oct 15th, hope all of you are well!!
he just said a MACDONALDS!!
If you can't make it out please just keep sharing it on facebook and twitter. Thanks!
oh orientation? Sounds fancy :)
Do you have shaving bump problems?
Well i couldn't help but try and stifle my #yawn. But there it went! James, you twitter 'performance artist', you!
#Bruins fans, follow for live updates from tonight's B's-Rangers game at the
I wish there was a place for people to post One Tree Hill words of wisdom and have pictures that will fuck up any chance of getting a job.
BUNJEE JUMPING HOLLER
Let's start today off with a freebie! The first person to call (866) 484-4797 and mention 2733 gets a week rental FREE! YES, COMPLETELY FREE
Texting #Oomf Crazy Butt
I'm always thinking "What's next"
China Mieville, the literary critic, is revealed. Makes me think about overlap b/n #mla12 and #yetanotherworld AKA The conf. & the conf.
To all my Florida friends... Reach out to me... I have so many questions
I'll text you it.
WHERE U @ BRUH?
Men are like mascara. They usually run at the first sign of emotion.
omg imma see which one he have and imma get back u 2mrw
Watching the telli
#omg I love
Taking a tweeting break. Brain tired. Turning into Without the drinking.
Heading to to check in... then enjoying a lovely evening out. Let's see Lebanese Taverna or Asia Bistro?
Every athlete needs a cheerleader rooting for him. Draft the perfect PR person who can execute plays off the field.
I still can't decide!!! Convince me to
"Strategic thinking solves problems"
When u get paid for doing what u love, it's not a job, but an adventure every moment!
Boston. Real good times.
I think I'm gonna take another hiatus. See you all.
We're offering $1 signups this month! SAVE $38! And get a FREE Accolade Fitness gym bag when you sign up for personal training!
Where's your favorite Mexican restaurant in Seattle?
hey look, it's patty. <3
too many Djs have played out that track. I refuse to play it but still consider it a good track.
So news is Florida state wants in #big12? Um yes thank you for leaving Missouri and making some room
Pretty Good. I mean the weather is great and people at school were asking about our album and tour today. It was fun.
I surprisingly got a bunch of free food today: protein bar, bagel & peanut butter, chocolate milk, peaches & cream yogurt
Im starting to hate living in a subtropical region
Have to pick that up! Had been hesitant of whether I'd like show before it premiered but became very fast fan.
Trying to decide what to read next. Feeling totally overwhelmed.
#nowwatching Killer of Sheep
TONIGHT! @ o'malleys west 2249 N.Lincoln ave. Malibu & Jim Beam girls will be pouring free shots!!. free beer bar from 10-11
It's so funny how you think I care.
Do you have 2 clown suits?!
It's a two Advil two glasses of water kinda night
i'm stressed the fuck out -____-
it's our pleasure!
Get UR Home ready with MAGIC FRESH carpet this holiday!!!
Thanks! It's great to be following you too! Nice website! Love the catchphrase!
SHUT UP
Kareem on halftime show. he's a legend, but super scary looking!
love the take me away post featuring all of that beautiful and romantic lace...especially that cake!
-- Thank you, sir.
"Just be happy, forget everything else." The wise words of Ricky Williams. Yeah, I know.
Be careful not to mess with the balance of things becuz everything is not wat it seems.
why am I in the office today?
I hate dry ass heat
In other words " You gave your Boss "The SHAFT!"
Served up the #food of champions today at the Pam Am Jiu Jitsu camp !!!
Thanks for the follow! How are you weird? I'm just crazy = 3 dogs, 5 cats and a bird...that's why I love to review animal books!
Purple Rain ? Hm, that's be cool :)
Who won the first battle? Missed it.
“: You'll never take your team higher than where you've been. #selfmastery”
Morning! Thanks Carlos. :)
ugh, I know :c I will seriously spam the shit out of Geo. lol jk, I would tho. haha,
Thank You!
Happy Hour Membership! Only $13 for a month's membership at the Fitness Salon at the Cultural Center. No Contracts!!! No Start Up Fees!!!...
remember the Eddie Murphy scandal we don't need that kind of press for you
I forgot about Michelle Bachmann and Herman Cain until that SNL skit.
Watching blues clues with adri this morning!
this place is completely different with less than 10 people in it! Cc
you need some probiotic for those hershey squirts?
Why is dis whole studio red and black
hell yes i do school in my pajamas in bed but its kinda distratcing wit my family and chores
I love Drakes voice!
what's upside down? I've read recipes breast up & breast down. You're fine!
huge thanks to you Matt!!!
Life's a bitch and so am I,So fuck the world and let's get high <3
Your more than welcome to come out to girlz time! Lol
Hm looks like in addition to #scandal #CommonLaw with will be a new fav of mine also.
We chatted, and instead of giving me a ticket, we discussed our downtown riding philosophies (ANTICIPATE) and even talked about tax returns.
It's double pleasure to deceive the deceiver..
Seeking a Records Manager in Sacramento, CA! The Manager will be responsible for the management of all project records and will advise on …
Great company and a great opportunity for you guys to make money. Reach out and follow him today!!!
going to watch the Potomac Nationals thrash the Lynchburg Hillcats with the office.
Thanks for your partnership! We're thrilled for the first GreenCorps graduates & can't wait to start this year's program!
Bonus baseball in San Fran! Let's go !
Don't forget the #APD crosswalk crackdown; saw motorcycle units covering 2 spots just on way to and from
how you just gonna drop kick me the hump me that's all wrong..*roundhouse to the bee balls*
I'm at work now, but I came here from a brunch where we were all laughing at a little boy having an awesome time playing with a tampon.
You know your in Texas when: asks "Do you smell BBQ...or pig?"
Your not having kids keeps you well for sure :) little boogers!
#california knows how to party!
Not only is our sin foolish in nature, but also irrational. We like to forget who we are so that we can indulge ourselves.
Happy Holiday's to All! from Filmmaker Darren A. Saunders
okay, we're flying over June 14th, we'll have to skype this all out or what not.
If DC puts in another Subway shop,it'll look eerily similar to the blueprint we've mapped out for Jarred's version of hell.
M, we love scrum.
Tonight we will be performing at Saints in the Plaza district for FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE. Show up around 10pm or 10:30pm.
hank and katherine are just A+
In my bed on a friday night all by myself wishing he was here with me. So sick of being lonely!
(I am kind of liking "Girls" but she is very Costanza-esque.)
Just saw a bumper sticker "do you keep hearing crazy voices? Turn off fox news!"
its nice that Smoak has 4 singles in the last 2 games, but he needs to step it up and hit for some power..
Soo I'm kinda glad we didn't decide to make that road trip...hahaha
As your unofficial 'desk opposite' I would be happy to ;) RT Can someone come organize my desk? (It doesn't hurt to ask, right?)
interested in receiving the new #COD #BlackOpps a week in advance??..follow me...and message me for more details
just like being talented and being famous are too different things... U aLREAdy baybay!
Excellent. Look forward to it!
thanks bro.i appreciate that
#VHP collection 7% of total archive is female vet experiences. Of that 65% are women WWII vets
but otherwise, the changes just hang out as isolated changes or "forks"?
Heading home!
That's from the storm 90 miles away. Sweet.
Mos Wanted Crew and RNG...amazing.
i swear to god these kids get a boner for asia....
Well MST3K is fun. Waiting not so much. I'm debating getting a drink where my friend works, but he'll be too busy to hang out.
#911. May all of us gain strength from the courage of those who sacrificed their lives on that day & those who fight for us today.
Kudos to the Americans for the Arts and Kevin Spacey for a great lecture tonight about public funding for the arts!
Wow - Pinterest drives more traffic than Google+, YouTube, AND LinkedIn?!
this time you can draw on my movie:)
almost advanced to 2nd level iron-on kungfu
Ugh. You mean gut-punched.
This tweet and two shoulder brushes are reserved for my big bro and his helacious G-Men.
i might have to get Tank's new CD <3
SUP Ya'll! We have 396 likes... leaving us 4 short from 400! Tell your friends about our bad ass music stylings and help us go up! thanks <3
What are the chances that a sample could be returned to home base for, um, scientific reasons. #coffee #science!
The Cadillacs - Gloria - 01:16 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
them twins are scary they jump people an they some ratchetts
The Red Sox are just teeing off the #Mariners right now.
Marmite on Toast
Don't worry, I'm going to spend some time of it knitting. :)
Hey I just met you, and this crazy. But Gotham needs a savior, so call me Batman.
I Am SO stealing this move in my future!
lol “: If you wanna see if a chick got another nigga... Try to take a picture of her when she cute and see what she do!”
Ahh sorry I missed you today. Will have to get you out there for another run soon!
Just bombed chemistry.
I hear in the new #twilight movie Kristin Stewart is unveiling a new facial expression!
This kid from college hits me up nearly everyday... He doesn't realize we were only friends because he gave me rides
somethings never change. funny thing is at the time hardly anyone knew what even fb was
I got a future!
Love everyone supporting the this year!
Potomac in sight!
Ahh Chicago...always bustling.
Who's ready for the 6:30pm Adult Fitness Class tonight? Coach Andrew has a good one planned for you guys!
What's that? Only 2 tickets available for Friday? Boomshakalaka!
And you can see from the mechanical reproduction of Benjamin's visage, that his aura is still very much intact.
Remember #WhenItWasCoolTo be a #JETS Fan? No, Me Neither! #LMAO! The #GIANTS Run This TOWN! #SuperBowlChamps!
I really want to know though
#GrowCo Looking forward to hearing you speak!
As you all know, The November winner will go on to compete against for New Country Star of the Year 2010! Very Exciting!
My money is on paid leftiest operative. ,)
Make sure to watch & other AMC members tonight 10:30 on MYATL TV for the encore presentation of the 1st episode
Am i suppose to argue back cause i like him? He need to kno that u not a boss stop acting like u run the world..
Just biked thru GG park to Green Apple books. Now, lazing on a sunny afternoon at Mojo bicycle cafe in the richmond.
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT!!!! CRAZY CRUNKNESS
We've heard good news from the #UFL owner meetings. Stay tuned
no , its a packet with our supposed to be data graphs that we didn't use it says data analysis & it has questions in it .
yeah i know right
there's just something about me everyone likes
Man On Earth & Dive tonight at the Hard Rock Cafe Philadelphia! Free All Ages! 9:30pm! (via )
Do you spot clean your car between washes?
Hell yes, tell me when RT : Life goals: Dance in a flash mob in times square
Really Google? 'Congrats on my new little bundle of tax credit?' Ur def STALKIN MY LIFE if u can deduce were havin a baby during tax season!
Please follow me! I follow back always! #ICONIc XD
": If a man smells good.. I can be turned on in seconds.. Lol #truth" good to know
#Follow #FF #Redskins Follow for a shout out :) Also don't forget to like www.facebook.com/RedskinFans !
Thanks! The next one that I didn't happen to snap a photo of was a strawberry mango . . . even better! :D
When one door of closes, another opens but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us
I feel like crying .
Kobe Bryant is pretty good eh?
Reason #5 to join: As a DatingChicagoland member, you automatically have access to discounts with our partners around the Chicagoland area
What? Where are you looking to buy?!?! Regardless, good luck!
No, but I had to check myself.
taho sounds good. Sucks for me since they don't sell it here.
Case study of how the Clark museum is using iPads and custom applications to engage visitors, from Technology in the Arts...
why would you name your son 'moroccan', why?!! smh.
Colonials are about to take the field against the CT Panthers...
Its been a busy week. Sorry we haven't kept up with the current deals. We'll get right on that! Holiday Parties what can I say! :)
mine is 75%
I can't believe I won! Thanks for the great contest! I just missed you on Sunday at Stadium View. Hope to see you in Indy!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes throughout San Antonio.
we are kinda going thru the samething, its close enough but yeah i feel like shit as if i didnt even matter this whole time
On May 17th I become a braceface :D
Are you alright?“: I'm a freaking whore.”
#SportingKC wins 1-0 on an goal & a clean sheet.
wish i was cool enough to
hey you!
Likewise! Hoping to see more interesting hobbies and less imparting of wise words.
U 4got Beef Jerky RT Cheddar Chz combos,m&m's,milky way and Gartorade lunch today. On my recruiting grind today!
I'm pretty sure I'll be seeing you a lot, now that you're in STSL haha.
“ all i need is a back rub”
No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats -- approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
I still get disappointed every time I walk through Chinatown because it's missing so many of the things that make a Chinatown great.
Awesome, VPN has decided not to work
I've probably consumed at least 30 pounds of nachos within the past 4 days. But who am I to complain about such a wonderful thing?
The only reason why people feel like they must control you is because they do bad themselves.
launches today with free music-related app downloads for Apple devices and Google Chrome. Please send feedback!
Is it a classroom? Are people working in here? No, it's the Amanda Ross-Ho's Untitled Nothing Factory. Check it out!
I hate english
Let's conspire to ignite. All the souls that would die just to feel alive.
The ghost of Perec will haunt him for the rest of his P-filled days.
I know didn't notice me Coz he didn't see my tweets yet :) #BELIEVE .
Soy excited for the wonderful opportunities the Lord is sending my way!!
we out here talking that
I know! We figured it was a sign, so we named him Lance :)
I'm reminded of grandma every time I meet a smoker.
alright i will.
Kill or be killed
Braun announcement soon?
same here!
Reminder: All girl Guns N Roses cover band @ Walter's this Sunday. Portion of the proceeds will benefit Girls Rock Camp Houston. GO!!!!!!!
EEEPPPPPPP literally bouncing up and down on my computer chair bcuz mindless behavior is about to log on 2 Ustream EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPP
Flying to Nashville for a connection flight landed us in Louisville KY. That was intense.
I'm probably going to transfer to another one. But it's hard because my co workers are so cool.
He was taken off the DL? RT : Joe Mauer did something tonight he hasn't done since 2010
nope id hav one I ran out yesterday lol
has arrived and is set up in Chicago for the Museum Store Association Expo.
- Already did the Salt Lick experience for lunch - great Austin weather and enjoyable scenery out there - new buildings, etc.
oh man, sorry to hear about that. Are they going to replace it for you? If not, there should be a consumer protection >
apparentley and unfortunately , my braces are NOT off, i missed my last appointment -..- ugh maybe getting them off on jan 9.
Just nosy! :)
who's your favorite band/artist? :)
worst way to end a spring break
I was thinking Arie and Head injury guy...Charlie maybe.
wanna bet i cant hurt u, ur sadly mistaken bot or pedo wateveru r
what the fuck is moobies? is that some type of down syndrome term?
WHAT A GREAT DAY! Signed a contrct with 5 more Clear Channel stations, 4 Cold deals, 9 radio imaging jobs..Gates are open!
It's too bad you can't drive it there. But, I know...sand people.
I've still got cobbling to do, but It.Just.Might.Work!
“It is not only necessary to love, it is necessary to say so.” - Proverb
Happy Mothers Day to the Best Mom I could ever ask for <3
thanks for the RT. Sorry it wouldn't let you comment. Hope that glitch is resolved.
Holy cow, what an exceptional day for me! Not only did I join an awesome artist community, but we just accepted an offer on our house! Woo!
Shutup right quick.
I think I will check that homeaway.com link out to relive my childhood Griswold style.
oh woops :D aha(:
Meetings tonight, tomrrw, and next Wed! Hope to see u there! Check ur email for more deets. Also, check our blog:auambassadors.wordpress.com
Saw this on backend: "While the world try to fight me, pharisees try to stone me. I'm Tebow in the 4th qtr, they can't hold me!"
Wife let me sleep til 9, lunch at Yeah Burger, spent rest of the day fixing my grill and listening to the Braves
Just saw the most interesting people on the Walk of Frame lol The weirdos come out at night
#Iknewitwasoverwhen the whip lashes felt half-hearted and the handcuffs were too loose.
Good point!! ": to many errors to be in MLB if you ask me!"
Some very intelligent people say Bush made their country the economic superpower it is today. Unfortunately, those people are all Chinese.
Gavin DeGraw and Karina Smirnoff sent packing on &#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39;
How was Oklahoma!? I really want to see it
I love how bands follow me, I like listening to new music and hearing new voices.
Here we go, learning about each other and launching our personal brands
I think that timeline is going to be the downfall of facebook....i thought id get used to it....but it literally gives me anxiety
oh it's done! Pain is starting as the numbness fades
is looking for new music. Any suggestions?
girl you know it so well! Lmao
you dont hate me. Dont lie.
The nature of a current state is not the same as ancient ones.
BEP halftime show is so much worse than I thought it would be #brandbowl yow!
see you Tuesday.
I'm really up acting like nothin happened last night....lol
Is there a way to publicly celebrate as the best food on wheels? Heck fire, best food out there? (Was a delight to see you at SoWa!)
up early means early morning tv. karl rove has gotten fatter and somehow even less attractive. yes i'm a democrat.
Spreading some #FF love: So, , , ,
That was fun!
can 19 more people please follow you won't regret it!
If it doesn't get us in any legal trouble, let's make a bet. New name wins, I do a jig; old one stays, you jig!
If you need a good laugh go to www.damnyouautocorrect.com. Tears are streaming down my face right now. Hilarious!!!
That will preach!
what's mashable..?
: WOW!!! Likewise, Well said.
I could waste my time for hours on that page. Which I guess is the point. But maybe they made it *too* well.
Hope you all had a wonderful "Leap day"!
Times like these where you feel like shit! all you think of is the kid from Angels in the outfield....HEY IT COULD HAPPEN lol
never dropped my iPhone in the toilet before.. You should of had an ikeep. You will never drop or lose your phone again.
your welcome....please feel free to retweet it.
Let's go Heat!!!!! I need that big win feeling tonight!
Relation of a bio 2 actual life is 1 question. But 1 can also ask why bios of multiple ppl in 1 vol are so similar 2 each other
thats the man. I just checked out your Xmas song on iTunes. Very very nice!!!
You text me ten times a day, i never respond... Get the hint boy?
Already at Publix!
haha. that literally sounds like my worst nightmare.
Nice. “: Not even 2:30, and it's already Skanko de Mayo with some of these girls on the streets.”
I know bruh, these niggas don't wanna be great
Tomorrow Is Gonna Be Austin's First Ustream WithOut Braces (': -Ally
It's unfollow time... Caution ladies!!! If your weave can tie your sneaker, prepare to be unfollowed.
hahahahahahaha! Oh man. That is rich.
What strikes me is how when I look back I wasn't fat, I was actually sick
Death cometh in the form of the ap environmental exam -___-
I feel turned off by that dude. Heineken can't top Dos XX Most Interesting Man in the World campaign
I kind of like being the last person in the office...
Thanks for the RT looking forward to seeing more tweets from you
Today's affirmation: I always do my best.
I mean, I provided it for law school but I have no idea where my undergrad transcript is. Missed it by a minute.
“ “ I'm just tryna be surrounded by some REAL shit.””
If perhaps i had consumed more salad in my salad days, I would perhaps be slightly farther away from death.
Working on parts with our newest bass player tonight!
RT When I am stressed or overwhelmed, I just: shop, exercise, or lay in a field of green grass leaving my thoughts behind.
we writers certainly have a way with words sometimes. Ha!
no problem! <333
early morning with the junior league, in rosslyn for our mid-year session.
thanks for the invite
what i do charles???
Project EASE sounds fantastic!
I just made and ate a corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss sandwich on rye with horseradish mustard. I am my father's daughter...
thats funny, i haven't seen a dime of all those tax cuts obama just listed
I was soo close.
New show - "Russian Dolls", aka Jersey Shore Russian style. According to my friend: "Lips - huge. Bling - blinding." I weep for my culture.
I made the reeses brownie cupcakes, as I ate one, I think I slipped into a diabetic coma. Awesome recipe!
I dislike being ignored.
Order sent to Stephanie in OH!
RT : The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself: Mark Twain.
Winning ticket sold in Baltimore County...helluva lot closer than I imagined. But not quite close enough.
Don't forget: You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Not embarrassed to have sang Band Perry 'If I Die Young' with Ha. We did horrible.
if you're not following your gonna be sadly less informed on facebook marketing!
Wow, such a great time at Artwalk! Connecting with so many wonderful people + making a huge sale, reuniting with friends, I love my life!
Went to midnight Skyrim release. Trenchcoat and beard saturation at Gamestop has reached 100%.
sounds like a cool bar.
HOLY SMOKES. I haven't been on here in forever. It's been a day but feels like forever.
Advice on how to get my mom to stop saying "I never said that" to anything a mother character says in one of my stories?
Being creative and making music always makes me happy.... : )
#Twitter and #Facebook and now UNlinked.
Yeah I might be young but I ain't on no new shit
and i love you! No one understands us hah
#Mycoustom for halloween is rayray from i already have my wig and goggles... Now all ineed is his mb dog chain....
what up man!!!
It seems possible that the Dow will finish slightly positive. The NASDAQ seems destined to be down 1% or more. We've about 30 minutes left.
Oh, political rumors have always been plentful in times of turmoil since the CR. Both Tiananmen I & II were like that.
Perhaps I got lost in dialogue.I ask you a certain question and, and you said it depends on the lifestyle being spoke about.
you missed my tweet. :/ aha
No heavy carbs for me today...veggies/fruit only!!!!
I'll be on #letitrip tonight at 10:30pm with #Detroit City Council President & Councilwoman
can you please come see me at work later tonight? Maybe even bring friends & play? and also, check your e-mail<3
'ah Friday, my second favorite F word!' :D via
just wanted to f*cking scream out loud to the world to see where u are piece of gold (nekclase) !!!
I'm having a drink all by myself
still watching
You've worked to control your #HIV. Now time to work on your HIV-related excess
Skipped 2 levels right to
Here's wishing everyone a great day today!
This weather is truly ignorant.
@ meggjensen This looks really fun!!
Bless up Fam!!! We still here.....just been MIA....U can Lookout for some new stuff from real soon!!
Wow! is a perfect choice to draw you, !
im quiet at school.
I'm a resident for 19 years!
Yeah...Im up
yeah, that is a tasty choice as well!
Head down, silent sobs for humanity. RT : this chick is literally NOT singing at all...
that would be off to bed very early. Told you I was exhausted.
RT : kids under 15 don't want major league, they want loud, colorful and entertaining. puts on a great show.
Yes! Just like that!!
The Lima family is a cool thing to be around.
I can tell by the constant flow of crazy text messages that my favorite time of year is finally here. Go Tigers!
What a beautiful Grand Slam that was!!!!!!
YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST. RT : Biedrins > Perkins
That sounds amazing! RT Just made spaghetti and lentil quinoa "meat"balls w/vodka sauce.
after listening to #thedruginmeisyou I will never think about songwriting the same way again. You are a mad genius man!
RT : A protester was shot dead and several people injured in Tunisia after security forces
It's NOT hard at all!!! :-) You deserve it...
It totally is! Great to see this kind of work in our area!
I still got it. Ran sprints on the track today, even at 43 I still have some speed. Sure I'll be sore tomorrow but it was worth it.
Flashback malware could have netted creators $10K daily, says Symantec
You can’t be the ****** 4 Life crew, with a White Jew (Josue Garcia) telling you what to do......
The elf thing is for a friend's themed birthday party, by the way. I don't spontaneously dress as an elf for no reason. Usually.
It's a great night for pasta...all-you-can-eat pasta $6.99 tonight :)
You should make like a collage for an anniversary&give it to her (: ": I have over 200 pictures of just my girlfriend..."
This Foie gras thing is really getting out of control, much bigger more important problems face us right now. its a waste of time.
thanks. We appreciate it. Have a good week.
RT : follow/register with www.phreeps.com to get totally free drinks, food, entertainment, shopping and more
please excuse my sun bachata line
Vegas bound 3 days- good weather, good book and great meeting agenda!
“: ": right after you shave, and you get the goose bumps >>>>" once again <<< this is basic math skills sidney!” LOL!
They wont last long, get yours in advance so you get left out > RT : be sure to get your tix while they last
I did they are beautiful!
Matisyahi new song is pretty good. I enjoy his vocals
Thunder and lightning >__<
Chinese food, movie and cute Nick #ilike ;)
ya okay, Mrs. Rogers.
damn bro i for got all about this but u shuld send me sum to hop on
Anyone have thoughts on electric cars?
HAPPY NEW YEARS EPIC TWEEPS!! Make this year the best yet!!
Thunder need someone other than Westbrook or Durant to hit a basket
humans are a social animal. rationality and language only arise through our intimation with others.
good look on the s/o
congrats my dude
It's not knowing what to do, it's doing what you know. ~Tony Robbins
*Abandoned hope* looks wrong
haha that sounds fun!!!
;) They are so awesome guys! Ready to see a preview of another one we worked on!? RT : whoaa concert weirdos new t-shirts!!! :D
Okay. Wrap it up man.
take a chill pill
“: I want a garden” watch your phone get taken away
stupid :P
I'm so sorry. #foodallergies are no fun. Hope everything is ok!
always happy to share insight. Looking for talent ready to take their acting career seriously. It's never a PT commitment! :)
I know and makes me sad :(
Tonight, we lie awake, remember how the coffee made us shake on those long drives? One more long night.
Happy Leap Year/Day to you Andrea!
Today was crappy and that's the gist of it
is this new Subway commericial for real..?
Crossing my fingers for the ladies of the Help! Good luck!!
...it took me 3 days to figure out what "whats sup" meant. I'm a bit slow in some areas and too fast in others.
hi guys :)
thanks I followed back
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves People who say a lot of bullshit about me.
I made you think, you don't understand All the times you didn't understand, Why you couldn't just be my man.
In need of motivation to start blogtweetemailfacebooking again.
and you girls are beautiful, perfect+inspiring. Love you girlys <U+263A><U+2665>
Your blog is down homie.
sneak in!! Jump the fence!
yeah I hate toyotas -_- haha and damn that's a classic beauty I can see u in that rollen down the road w/ hydrolics haha
I take time today to quiet my mind. As I create a ritual for myself of 5 to 20 minutes a day of quieting my thoughts, I watch my life change
I could never get tired of watching Martin and Jamie Foxx show. They are hilarious.
Chevy all the way
“: how about we getaway? ;)” count me in!
Every1 is jealous bcuz we r funny people :)
if tebow can do it week after week, you can do it once
aww, poor thing! hope he feels better soon!!
promotion on my page. FREE!
After absorbing pressure for the first ten minutes, the HP girls put three away in a matter of minutes.
and no wonder..lol
we speak guaponese
Charl Schwartzel sounds enough like Charlie Schwartz that I have no choice but to root for him.
Never say never, but I don't see it.
Sorry all 5k shirts were gone in min just before game this past Oct. Hoping to do giveaway again for #RITBrickCity 2011!
Thank YOU for the follow. See you next week!
sometimes it's my fault, but other times it isn't.. god BLESSED me with my difficult ass lyfe. ha
Thank you, David!
everything good! After yesterday I am ready to go to Australia
"Scrape. Feel. Dig. Believe. Ask." And from Microserfs "Tell me you feel this fire" I'm so glad I found your books.
Frm Mayor Bill Johnson weighs in on Trayvon Martin killing. Says US can look 2 Roch 4 lessons on police community relations. Talking to...
But wanted to hangout with my boyfriend and Robyn and go swimming!:/ Ugh im going to miss it again!!;/ and shes going!:/
If u have amazing content, tools, resources, how do you most effectively use them in online lessons? Looking for resources.
they are horrible. It worries me that my coworker said I'd like it. She clearly does not think highly of me.
"The Subconscious mind has no sense of humor & people offen joke themselves into unhappy experiences".
you can't pay a maid like a teacher...
that's Right!
the pleasure was mine Billy! Glad I can help.
The two thugs that join High-hats with the Mercedes are the grown up Props and Mayhem.
She's crying because she knows she should have stepped in and didn't! Coward!
If smaller series come out, or really obscure pieces, maybe we will get back in to it. But for the time being, consider us "customizers".
Dude, he was so fine back then. Dave Kendall of course. Matt Pinfield was never hot.
lol.. so did u ever see the wonderbroz???
This same time next year my life will be completely different, i guarantee that.
ugh. sacramento.
World famous illusionist Doug Henning finally made it on to Canad's Walk of Fame a decade after his death. Can you buy his bio here yet?
Are you at #pdxzines? I am!
Do u know English?? :)
okay now..who can update me on Traevon? I heard he losing his case...I am hurt about it. Heard fat ass Rush Limbaugh on the radio
“: love "A Modest Proposal" <3” #thankyou!!!
good song!
Yellow Cake Wit Chocolate Icing
Gotta love norbit.
RT : Congratulations to all the red & silver graduates
have fun girlie. I miss Chi-town like it's my second home since I'm here in the 216 full time.
#kubakuba #obamaRVA RT : OK Richmond ... If President #Obama can stop at one #rva restaurant on Saturday, what should it be?
I dont wanna get off the phone .. !
ok no problem. Message me when you get back home :)
I agree with Kenny Smith, John Wall should be in the dunk contest after that performance in the rising stars game
We brought back the Smoked Sausage Breakfast!!
RT : Good point! my struggle between using event to explore a character vs. using your character to explore history
Hi Elliot, thanks for the follow back. Cheers!
oh, well i just go it like 3 days ago and b4 that i was fine with all the dairy products
Clooney's the new Christie ": Palin says she's not running for president, now George Clooney. The actor says he'll never run for office"
There's a region they call it the Borders. ppl have been hopping it for hundreds of years. Like Scots Beaners.
Deep apologies for missing the #npechat. A late night hospital visit for a family emergency prevented the chat from taking place.
what up?
San Diego is the best city in the world!
: put your resume and portfolio online if you're looking for a job...and be prepared-he'll Google you too!
For those keeping track at home, the picture war results are currently - : 1, : 0
Watching a great high school basketball game when I team goes into 4-corners due to no #shotclock ThatIrritatesMe
": Packing bout ready to be in Allen." Come to mama ;) lol
I'm not gonna lie, the new Justin Bieber song, "Boyfriend" is a pretty sick jam.
Fat people that smell like pee, should be quarantined to their own bus.
lol come get it
Can President Obama's $ win him a reelection?
- irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God
I hope Lebron was watching ;)
If you could have one superpower that has to involve a trampoline, what would it be?
Jason Voorhees- All Time Hide-and-Seek Champion of Camp Crystal Lake. I wish I had his ninja skills.
Broadripple is five minutes away from me, if i don't get to see you booty bump bitches i'll be upset.
It took me 2 hours, 3 stores to pick out a camera. I'm pleased over all.
RT - They are huge Cleveland Indians fans. They have this party once a year. They bought all the tickets. I was going but d...
I tip a little less than 10% recommends the same (WaPo food critic)
Thanks to and everyone else who made it out last night!
Just watched Robert de niero in casino #inspired don't get wacked
I can't. Especially the one that knows my name.
I've already told that I will dance in an all-white suit and sing a remixed Police song at your funeral.
It's April fools day!! APRIL FOOLS! No it's not!!... APRIL FOOLS AGAIN!! Yes it is!! ha. I got you.
I could hear the music in the ferry!
I find out if I got into UF tomorrow. Going there would be a dream come true, I have never wanted anything so badly in my entire life.
Bieber or die . <3
US TOO! RT : Must admit, slightly excited for sweaters and boots :)
Awesome! I am praying for you and would like to know how it goes.
hey!! How's it going!
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot right? But unless they use a strap on then they not dykes.
Plectrum Artist Series feat The Bridgebuilders from Boston, MA will be on Unregular Radio tonight 6-8p www.unregularradio.com
Airports always make me a little sad. I hope this homesick feeling will go away soon. And not get replaced by plane sickness..
lol!! I look forward to 8 hours of solving these problems on Sunday!
You're welcome (for the RT)
Hahahaha I Love You
it's so wierd seeing someone on my timeline with the same name of me o_o
Pls RT #Libya #Feb17 #MermainDawn Isn't it obvious that #Gadhafi is hiding around the hotel where the journos are being held hostage?
I don't like losing people.
Dreamed I was presenting at a conference, got there late, mic was too loud, and a row of vendors clamored for my attention the whole time.
Thanks! Feel free to share any dishes you make with our produce. We'd love to hear about them :)
Booking ticket using points for sister to visit California. Between date & budget restrictions, already been on the phone for 90 minutes.
Go fanny pack! I wish IB would come back to reclaim their title!
I'll DM Cody Simpson for you but you must following
Can somebody get that Indiana Idiot off TV. Is this guy going to screw up the Super Bowl like he did his state?
no he sayin cop it for the low at best buy then return it at walmart... where he paid the difference for max payne 3
RT : Employer brand is owned by everyone, not just marketing.
Thank you for following us.
Not me , but Yale town, thank you thank you !
The camera person for the match needs to zoom the eff out! We're getting dizzy!
usually for halloween i go trick or treating but this year im gonna go to a costume party it's my first one
its true Shannon.. Its an iPhone app.. 8 channels, 7 are music.. You'll like it
Behind someone with a cart full of groceries in the self checkout! RT Checkout line nightmares...What's yours?
Tina Olsen fr combined curators, educators, docents to collaborate on open-ended interpretation. Rare in museums.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
Will you bleed for me, when suicide seems so yesterday?
you yelled my name the other day AGAIN
go to basketball pissed = im gunna be pissed all night
Thanks ISBA for bringing women judges and lawyers to wonderful Mt. Vernon program, Women in the Judiciary
Not necessarily :-/ But u can reflect & seek clarity & choose 2 move ahead & go after ur own authentic happiness--Push forward!!
great vision Great energy
Bout to get lost in some music
Check out Dragon Age: Origins for PC...looks pretty sweet. Im getting MW2 but for the 360 :-(
Passed my permit test!
we hope you're having the best day of your life....while checking out www.revosandiego.com
it would have been perfectly great if they hadn't superimposed that girl's face in the trees.
Thirty minutes of the last #80sThursday of the year left! Send us your song requests.
if you get a list of 911 feeds, can you share them? Thanks
Omg I have a hockey game on Thursday!!!! And I'm in net!!!! Yaaaaay!!!
husband is diabetic, been there. Hope yr OK.
I'm gonna innovate all over the place on April 19th/20th, don't you worry.
"THE LACES WERE IN" -Ray Finkle
Well look at Mr. Emoji here.
getting ready for bed. early morning Cardiologist appointment
Golden Globes Nominee Sofia Vergara Bares Butt See-Through Leggings (PHOTOS) Sofia Vergara bared her bum on Wednesday when she stepped ou
you already know... this album is incredible. I feel like you're speaking as Pete and not c-write. Next time ur here lemme know
Day 5 starting out strong with yummy egg breakfast. How you feeling on #whole30 today?
I find it ironic when people take pictures of themselves in mirrors trying to look cool and gangsta with grandmas pic of Jesus hanging ...
slappada bass so hard though! XD you don't understand! Hahaha
Hey, I just realized I was never given my certificate of guarantee that life will not be unfair or difficult. How do I get one?
how'd you manage to do that?!?;D haha. And wasn't that warped tour?(:
RT : Luck o' the Hoyas! Saturday's #StPatricksDay Parade in NYC will be led by alum & NBC exec. Francis X. Comerford (B’77):...
I'm sorry in advance for forgetting your birthday.
Good afternoon!
Lol I needed my trick daddy tweets together RT : where the hell did your tweet just go?! U tweetin' and deletin?!
You must be familiar with research of Caffaro, Vernon Wiehe
Speak with actions not words
omg only if....
Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all. Harriet van Horn
"Outcasts" is true tale of Atlanta kids' soccer team of refugees, the "Fugees." Fun read.
if they don't, they certainly should. We'll be wishing and hoping.
over 20000 people seeking shelter some by boat. no deaths/missing reported yet. that is an area, media & crews that do it good.
Count your blessings, name them one by one, count your blessings, see what God hath done...and it will surprise you what the Lord hath done!
Don't bring me my phone, just call or to come get me
thanks for the RT...sorry that I had a typo in it.. #VoteAmmer should have been
ABOUT A WEEK - The movie is finished and we have submitted it to Festivals across the world. Now, PATIENCE!
Thank you!!!! Xoxoxoxo
I only try to be nice and call into the birn to request a song :P then I get BANNED FOR CALLING! #leBoooo!!! My friends are so nice, NOT!
got somemore studying to do
awesome! Hope he has an easy recovery!
My left leg can be a real douche bag.
oh, okay. cool. glad 2 hear. haven't been 2 KW yet. need 2 check it out.
YES, the return of Victoria!!! I knew it!
Glad to hear! I bet you're ready to get out there! We're better. Still trying to adjust to my hubby bein' gone.
glad you like the updates!
I didn't buy it. It's at Riverview Antique Market
I just want a nice guy to talk to, is that too much to ask for?
Brazil shot first. RT : ...Hope Solo pulls out her blaster, pulverizes Brazil, and revs up the Millennium Falcon...!
I'm Sara, the Asst. Mgr for this location, but I used to work in Austin. I can DM you my personal Twitter if you'd like.
hhahaha i know. and the first time i just opened the pic(i had no idea what it was) and then ii saw that. i was like woah!
People.. specifically people in positions of power.. have invested a tremendous amount of effort and time to get to where they are.
thank you for your thoughts on Bipolar Disorder. I'm just starting to realize, we can change the way the world sees us.
One of the hardest things about twitter is so many of you are in the UK. For those of us in the states, it makes the day seem SO long...
Safe travels , , , looking forward to a great D2 conference in the
You might be gettin a check...But u still Lame as FUCK ......
Family Science Nights are the best (thanks, parents/various Scouts) but I recommend kick the can ice cream, as it's much more exciting!
"If the dinosaurs had a space program, they'd still be here." - Ron Garan, Astronaut
welcome back! (:
Thank you! What about a resistance if ARTs are needed at some point?
“…civilization and religion you are...the same. A single point of distinction exists–that of racial color.” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá #239DaysLive [2/2]
So blessed!!
we need to go on a hunt for the mountain lion this weekend
why do we have to be such a self destructive species? primal scream therapy is what I need.
thats ok, we completely understand haha
Am I the only person that thinks the earth's oil might be there to lubricate the tectonic plates?
One stated they have never felt anxious on the job as they feel about this weekend
just read a column of yours about Sandusky in which you made "stiffly" "Dick" jokes. You think that is funny Pat? Grow up.
Sorry for the multiple postings. Facebook decided to not play nice!
this is my 20,001st tweet! my feelings of achievement on this are slightly askew, I must say…
this is really gonna piss off the & Guess they'll have to trash Rondo alone tomorrow
any tips for increasing arm strength besides long toss? Comin off broken arm and trying to get back to full strength
Sitting here debating on these 12'z
These guys have you covered for #WineRiot Munchies
Great introduction of Cornel West by Unfortunately he told me I'm not allowed to tweet pictures of him on stage.
My family is like a breath of fresh air. They are my true love.
Check out new single "Stay Fly" on www.reverbnation/youngsiic.com #music #rap #hip hop
Fuller: Years before Lally was indicted, he linked DiMasi's legislative acts to Cognos deals. "It’s right in front of you." he said.
Thank god bauserman is in to march the buckeyes backwards
Time to remind the hubby how lucky he is!
When all u had to do was click on the link 4 the extension of the tweet. #justsayin ps. thx for answering my original question
yeah... i got home from the midnight release and had to update as soon as i popped the disc in.
It's official: Chael / Anderson is NOT happening in Brazil.
ha! Glad U got your phone issues resolved!
As my dad would prob. say - "reading and comprehension is just not a skill people pay enough attention to."
love your site! could not find the criteria that u use to add an app to ur catalog. can u plz help? thnx!
what dya do x
well that proves me wrong haha but still so cute
Want to gain strength, courage, and confidence? Then go do the thing you think you cannot do.
Don't be ruined by someone's statement. As ignorant as it may be, you're just as ignorant for writing of their opinion.
One of the best golf shots i have ever seen! “: Double Eagle Louis!!!! #Masters”
I will agree with u there!
#railfans: Happy National #Train Day from the Elkhorn Inn in Landgraff #WV on the Pocahontas #RR! It's a #railfan day! :-)
oh shit I completely forgot about that! Well I'm free now so ima see wats up
Don't forget about Nathan Dye and Ad2's Happy Hour tonight at 5:45 at Mainstay Rockbar! RSVP now to !
The NUT's General Secretary Christine Blower told BBC Radio 5 live what she made of the new phonics-based readin..
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. ~ Albert Einstein
Thanks to Parma Mayor for endorsing me for Cuyahoga County Prosecutor.
I wish I was there with you! Smoke some for me!
good, glad we got the word out!
Great kickoff for in - finger lickin ribs, brisket sliders, & attentive service! They did it right!
This is fucking dumb as hell
go to my pictures :3 & find the one of harry.
no not really, Skype??
aite word man. we'll add you on the space too.
Now followin wit da fat ass in her avi
The Legendary Earl Scruggs with Family & Friends: Friday, March 11 · 8:00pm / Paramount Theater of Charlottesville. Bluegrass Roots.
it isn't that fantastic... so when can we get you and your kid to do one?
Did you know that your skin can sweat up to 3 gallons on a hot day?! Wow! Have a great weekend! -Prolase Team
6 1/2 hours to east coast episode #7 of ! Tweet-fest countdown!!!
Best social program is a job. #georgeallen jobs help end homelessness, too.
How am I supposed to move on when every time I see you, I fall that much harder?
Even though it's fucked up girl I'm still fucking wit ya damn
Monday morning session at PaLA, Penn State: Rethinking Public Libraries.
If you use the word "Dweeb", you're definitely a dweeb bro.
What should Elliot be for Halloween?!
Damn gays. Stealing our jobs. Hating our freedom.
USF having a great defensive game. But a terrible offensive one
Song - Trey Songz "Love Faces" I'm ready to go cop it & press the play button for the ladies. Ya Feel me?! www.LifesOnTheLine.com
great way to fill production. Not so great sometimes dealing with other people's art work!!
To late to stay up.... it is cold out side were is spring..
Mi only wan him fi him dang a lang Lmfaooooo at this song
:/ thts no bueno ... i hope its switches soon i can sleep wenever.. pero ur always up at night :/
play the Sidney Crosby song please!!!! Let's go
Nerd parties: When the Guy to Girl ratio is Guy to Guy
glad you like it, mug. What's your cats name? He's a Real Fat Cat!
These ads are great!
Please tout.
At the EdTech Karaoke Tweetup. Great turnout!
hahahaha chill btw i miss you
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why
#CountdownTo26 TREND Little Monsters!
lol Im late .. White lol names
Do you prefer to call or text?
I had Religion and Math finals. So easy... I'm so happy x
#Facebook site down? What?!?!
Worst part of it is - it happened during BP! Why weren't they keeping him in one of those hamster bubbles to keep him safe
7 bucks! we need to go shopping ;)
Ima Try To Sneak You One Lol I Wasnt Spossed To Eat That 1 Nd I Was Like. Oops O.o
Hi Saira, I'm doing well. I hope you're having a refreshing morning. Cheers!
I just really feel like salad dressing shouldn't have calories. Or cheese for that matter.
Going to the carnival :D
Just ate the best food of my life at Supper NYC
thank you katiie :)
Greta Van Susteren says there is no one the can fix the real estate market. That's not true, I am doing it now. Ask me Greta I will tell you
via : "For good-food revolution to have a chance, people have to make finding & preparing fresh food a priority.." wapo.st/eAdHaj
Happy PI DAY to all you mathematicians in the world!! 3.141592653589793... I'll stick to 3.14.
god gave me u for the ups and downs:) god gave me u for the days of doubt:) god gave me u for the rest of my life:)
Look at that
is tired
thinking about taking infinite jest to the beach to read but the sheer weight of it will drain my gas tank before I get there
yeah :) Its so much rewading doing things for God than for urself.
Leading Edge L.C. is looking 4 qualified tutors 2 work in Jurupa, R. Cucamonga, Chino, Ont., Beaumont, Menifee & in other surrounding areas.
I think a good #erl13 pres could explore effects of issues listed on Marshall's 'Issues' slide on licensing - take 3 or 4 out of 10
What do #Muslims do for leisure in your area?
“: I take that back. Drinking this weekend. ;)” be there or be square
well wish me luck! Lol
Looking at family guy on netflix #family guy.
... I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts. I think Yahoo does. Do you know?
I rub u too Rosser. Miss you, homie. Go hard, Ross. Go hard.
AUSTIN I HAVE A QUESTIONN
Watching "Our Family Wedding"
my email program sends it directly to the spam folder. I don't correct the computer.
Come visit us at the spring flea today!
and it's rotting her teeth, her nerves r messed up and her liver is swollen
Harry owns a cookware shop and cooking school that specializes in the finest new and vintage kitchenware
Tonight's Special: Loaded Tots and House Aged Sirloin w/ Fries
I'm saying, if Shaq was mostly healthy + played 300 more games, his per game averages would have been the same.
UT's DeMaio endorsement equals Dead Tree Journalism meets Dead Political ideas. UT to become laughingstock.
IT ALL MAKES SENSE AND HAS CONTEXT
After a week out of town w no technology, it's hard to get back to work.
I couldn't help but think about "I huff propane" all day today..
what you tryna go to school for?
Sounds made up.
Sports Briefs: NFL suspends four in Saints&#39; bounty case
I ate some of the Swedish Meatballs and they were yummy! I'll treat you and next time for lunch. :-)
Hi Shawn, hope you had a kickin birthday.
I don't, unfortunately, but the fellow who wrote that is doing more on tax credits. So, perhaps more to come?
Tonight - Hillel Shabbat is being led by the empowered women of Lambda Chai Mu. Thank you LCM. Shabbat Shalom to everyone.
Heat Miser is having his way in Denver
get off twitter and do work
Just because you are surgin' in the polls doesn't mean you can ignore your LT GOV duties ! Now bring your butt back to work!
so glad it is finally friday
The tech was here and fixed the issue that we had. Thanks for all of the help.
Happy Birthday to my talented fried, Leandro Cano Fan Page ,and to my fan all the way in Poland, Olga Pieróg!
thank you. I appreciate it.
someone kick him off the stage!!!
i really dont have anything to say to anyone on here lol
#allthewaytourmemories making it All The Way to my 20th concert!!! #crazy!
yes we are!! I bet you are too!
Goin' out for ice cream...yum
you know you're a dork when you cry after the american idol eliminations..
separately, but equal, I'm sure.
Our Facebook page is up and running! We'll have lots of exciting news and visuals posted there. www.facebook.com/ukeycheyma
Little iceberg I've brought
rlly excited 2 attend the #PureCatskills conference w/ my family & 2 hear talk abt their buying models!
Take a second today to follow - 's new youth page, for programs & events. FWD to orgs & ppl working with LGBT
haha...we opted for DEMO. ^jv
the point is...I have a lot to save my money for and I don't even have a babysitting job......
When there is drama between two people, the worst thing you can do is get in the middle of it.
Ok. Between the drunk blaring music and the 3 ankle biters upstairs, I'm going to snap. I won't be held responsible for my actions
My grandmas couch >>>>>
am i
this Paranormal State show pretty much sucks. Ghost Hunters, FTW!
Aerosmith's music sales increased 250% the weeks after he Steven Tyler debuted on American Idol. Amazing how many get sucked into "fame."
This has been a beautiful Saturday and tomorrow I look forward to an equally beautiful Sunday.
Or not, I'm pretty confused RT : I'm assuming that's a product of your best writer
just attacked me
Erica Hahn: "you can't KIND OF be a lesbian" -- yes, you can. It's called being pan/bi. Duh!
u have over-tweeted this evening,
New followers! Come say hey! actually, everyone come say hey! :)
i have been waiting since august of last year
Happy Birthday and happy Easter you one of Gods important creations you have inspired many including me :) follow back-?-
LOL.Give me a reason why you hate them and saying they can't sing or they're ugly isn't a reason.
Im gonna marry a mexican, No joke cx
home with headache
Check out this great Non-Profit Organization set out to change lives
Jo Dery presenting her work. Congrats Jo!
Good morning :)
Those days where everything annoys you.
Playing with ConstantContact for scheduled new hire emails.
Thanks for the support!
Marv Albert trying to add some drama: 2:32 left "in regulation." It's 115-82, and the Lakers aren't the comeback Clippers.
And the waiting list is practically full too! Email to get on it!
If i was your boyfriend
Wide awake at 4am. Going to be a long day.
It has been a pretty buzy friday soo far!!... but TGIF!!!=D
Mother my dear how I wish you were here, so I can give you flowers and take you out to dinner and say to you how much I love you.
Clearly that's what ya want and how ya feel so that's how it's gunna be
Be sure to send up photos. I hope you are not going to play for Spain??
We are seeing an increase in funding for MOCSM Programs as outlined in the strategy
Wednesday in Austin tx on 6th!!!
yes, what kind of novels do you like?
Massive bruise on the top of my foot makes wearing shoes the most murderously painful thing in existence
Excuse my French, emotion, and my passion. But I wear my heart on my sleeve like its the new fashion!!
Stop by Dairy Queen today & $1 from from every Blizzard goes to your local Children's Miracle Network Hospital! www.miracletreatday.com
Best coloring sesh(;
Toddler on campus falls on the way to northern lights and starts crying due to overwhelm. Students everywhere sympathize.
Ian talking about nothing but the phone hoe ! See there you go !
National treasure.
“Great things are done when men and mountains meet.” ~William Blake
u keep thinkin that boo boo
Clippers have Joe B calling an audible on his 10pm sportscast.
Cancer of the lungs ? Been smoking for half a century ; 3 months ago i cut a 3 pack a day habit to 10 cigarrettes a day...
when i feel weird i read through Harry's tweets to feel normal(: then i realize I'm stalking him &it's weird.. Haha
Burning, printing disks to hand out :]
or some of the startups you are involved in on the dev side?
that's what i call a no sleep hangover my friend.
I've actually played that game...lol. it's pretty violent.
Despite my inability to remember the details for the podcast description, I *do* remember having some great geek discussion in GWC #322. :)
conditioning tomorrow.
that's discusting
Readers also searching for other major kitchen appliances and design for new state of the art kosher kitchen. Suggestions?
Your really pretty!!!
I've never once been able to get online with a "free public wifi." am I missing something?
I saw Adam Horovitz on the train yesterday!!!!! O:< so mad that I didn't take pictures!!
Happy New Year!
Director of Football or Basketball?
JUST DO IT EDDIE! The rain doesn't matter! Lol
Wahhh I'm so Tired. -o-
Room to myself last night! I actually got to sleep! Yayyy
NIRAH HOE STOP LYING TO HIM!
Lol i'll think about it.
new music for your ears dumb nigga....... tsss... stupid.
Thanks for following and very interesting quest you are on with 'budding.' Good luck!
Loooool better better
I Understand Niggaz Need Guidance Nshit But I'm Not No Counselor
lets get to #1 baby #teenchoice vote vote vote RT??
You Have To Get The New Album Armed N Dangerous Today, Its Awesome!!!!
HI everyone!!
#fairuse is now free in films (in terms of insurance, not manpower).
Yaaaaay! I get to hang out wiff baby tonight ^.^
Grebe's deli for lunch today. I'll have my beef "corned"
I feel like placing my faith in this season is like handing over my 401k to Bernie Madoff... Nah, no good!
I gotta say it...#Patriots need to being back We have no deep threat to take top of opp. defense and Ocho/Price dont cut it.
aye boi wen hitting up jacksonville
too soon?
-- "they" are tweeting about the big $$$ #Walker is saving the state. does anyone Have the real numbers on this?
gr8 story bro. I did a 5 ball too. Still chasing my dream as well. Ur an inspiration fam. Gud luck.
Hahahaa. I don't think she got that it was aimed towards her. oh well.
Mumford & Sons- I Gave You All.
working on a final project... it will be a long night!
The worst thing about how infrequently f(x) releases material is that our little group of gay, alcoholic trolls drifts apart.
RT TQ Ments | Thank you! That's Right, I''ve found u - TQ! The gift of Thank U! W00t
Locked my keys in my car last week. Now I'm locked out of my apartment. FML
Comfort is a cup of a warm pumpkin spice latte on a crisp October morning
Just met with German American school. That is one impressive educational community resource!
I lowkey want to tell him something . But I can't , cause idk how .
you talking bout all the movies Kevin Bacon has ever been in? Lmao
Don't fuckin throw it away griz. The game isn't over. Don't let this be the last one
gives me conidence to wear braces, simply because he looks so flawless in them.
yeaah.. i'm really freaked out now. xD now, i'm scared to face them. 'cos i'm a terrible singer.
Fun fact: I was in play version of The Hobbit in high school...I played Gloin the Dwarf.
Scholars of the Trans-Atlantic slave trade, Muslims in Early America, and identity are speaking at our workshop at Georgetown!
Girls has definitely got something going for it. Veep, not so much.
It's only one year until everything goes away. I can't wait.
#Oomf Boyfriend Is Not Cool
Twitter is so messy today
I can't remember the last time I gave a fuck about an opinion, other than mine.
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
Really?!? But my nose is huge! Plus, you have the prettiest eyes! And I'm not that smart! I wish I was unawkward like you!
trip to New Zealand/Australia
Missing you more than words...
Making the coffee shop rounds. Peets is fo-sho the best out of the chains. Agree?
#Fridaythe13th Hm anyone feel like going into foreclosure? I thought so. Call us :)
: oh ok i miss undastood miss Lol
Part I: Standard Oil bought $1M of the homes for employees to work in oil wells in Illinois. All but 4 homes still there (via CNBC).
lazy Tuesday was made for this particular Tuesday right?
this. RT : The teenage girl in me can't stop thinking about my urge to see the Hunger Games.
Its all about love and living in this moment, not the past or the future, but here and now. I love ya darlin, hang in there! Your classm ...
I'll work hard to make it interesting and not stupid.
Saturday night I'm Playing at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando Florida 9:30-1:00. But first I play Disney's Animal Kingdom 5:00-8:00.<U+E040>
iTunes is featuring Beach House. They opened for us in 2005 when I was in Ponytail - begged Victoria for a CD but they hadn't recorded yet.
your life sounds so much fun.
Yes. The last place I expected to find a nightmare.
It's #LeylandBall. You win one, you lose one. It's how he has a career .500 record. Never get too high, never too low.
at mesa community college. Hard work setting up for special Olympics. first event starts in 2 hours
Im sleepy bout take a nap
I would love a pile of kitties as blankets. So warm and purry!
Lets talk. You came highly recommended. DM me back.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Not a huge fan of the lime green on the court
Join us w/ on 4/18 for #Hubapalooza at 11am! Just meet up at Mission Bay Park Visitors' Ctr, right by the playground!
Going to the movies to study more about movies
Sometimes I think I was put in this world for no reason.
Finding a way to develop inclusive vs. exclusive aspects of technology to fight discrimination against young girls.
Busted in a 50k pot where we get it all in on flop. My 33 busted by AT on QT3. Running T A
So happy the OMG Girlz not on the
flyers are in. we'll be seeing you soon, streets of boston
- I've always wanted to check out the series, but at $1 apiece, that's a steal. And I had a $1 Amazon credit, so I only spent $2! :D
Executive decisions.........ketchup or mustard
Tonight is gonna be great I can feel it!
If you're a Libra you're obviously perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+264E>
Got a button that says Baton Rouge sucks? Or Piyush is a pussy?
Wakey, wakey eggs and bakey! Here we go with the crazy Miami weather! Gorgeous morning! Hope it stays this nice!
i miss you too girl!
S202 gave great talk. Big ? = how to move scholarship to web. Easy for people. Hard for the 99%
It is not abortion it is a precaution at the earliest stages. It is a woman taking the most basic precaution. Next up outlawing condoms?
Thicke and Levine are about to have a high pitch voice off
- be up and running very soon! so excited for SEASON 2, im such a GLEEK <3
outreach team: geeks brought in the only other dvd drive we had, and was able to play the movie to the end credits! praise God!
thanks for the follow!
About to see The Avengers for the second time.
Amen RT : Loyalty is a must
Is that Ted Turner's "celebrity look-alike" behind Craig Sager on TNT? #NBA #LAKERS #OCK LOL!
I love getting emails from my son Liam with links to his newest creations!
Too funny. That was NH's first idea. We poked holes in it quick. Google it and see how many there are. Cheers.
The Beautiful People - Marilyn Manson tomorrw night at the Fillmore in Silver Spring, Who is going?
u a good look
" If he was religion I'd be the faith. "
T Drew and Pau need to be more consistent. At times they are dominating so they need to do that in Game 2
RT if you're a bieber fan too :D xo
All right! Thought you'd never ask! Same place? I would love a good kraut dog today! Extra mustard for me!! See you there!
Look for Mattrezzz Guy on Fox 7 news tonight!!! I might have snaked my way into some camera time since we were gushing savings!
We are cleared to go. Gonna be a little busy for awhile.
Almost that time of year..Baseball season.
THE PORNO BASED ON THIS YEAR'S PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION WILL BE CALLED *SWING STATE OHIO*
wing ding tomorrow <3
Good morning!!
Dude, you're 40. What are you doing up at this ridiculous hour?
“: I wanted to come out last night so bad. Haha” We just went to bed!
why do hockey goalies sweat so much? They hardly move.
Dream Project #21: Creating a graphic recording that vitalizes brain storming and elevates the energy in the room.
Much like Volstad was tonight. Struggled in first, has settled in since...Right now, 3ER through 4
#digitalindia traditional and online distance ed models differs widely. What do the institutions and users get out of them?
dwiggins: What do you think? Is Text The Only Way To Hold A Conversation? - Digital Life Blog - InformationWeek #slail #slakm #sla2009 h ...
Doesn't everyone need a beer around 3pm daily? No? Just me? Oh...
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I'm over a thousand tweets now :p
I am STILL stuck in #minneapolis - our plane apparently needed to be "rebooted" AFTER we took off. I wish I had my travel buddy
Heart disease kills 600,000 people a year in the US. Sports writers are fat because of their jobs. I'm never reading another sports story.
i found out a couple hours ago a family friend passed away from cancer :( R.I.P Barb
Nicki Minaj - Marilyn Monroe If you can't handle my worst, you ain getting my best...#PFRR obsessed
GREAT TWEET
..."But the talking vegetables don't bother you?" He admitted I had a point.
Welcome to our newest member Tony Case, Website Advertising, Ltd
Thanks for the follow! ;)
Roy should precede Barber
RT "Focus on greater accountability & transparency. Social intrapreneurship is just as valauable & important as #socent"Mike Wenger
That moment when you almost fall asleep in study hall and have no one to wake you up<<<<
welcome to #NARIP's twitter world , , & ! hope to see you soon!
i might need that
Don't fuck up your future , by worrying about your pass
Shocker foursquare check ins were fewer than Facebook.
OTC cough and cold meds are not approved for kids under 6. Try lemon juice-honey-and-warm water with saline nose drops and steam showers.
I NEED A JOB!! any companies want a bro/jock stud?! :D
Yes, but shellfish are. I think it's in Leviticus. Which is generally no fun.
Thanks for that wonderful fact! Made my Tuesday :)
God morning!!!! How are you today?
": Hippo milk is pink."----- I'm starting to think these ppl are makin shit up now
“ The feeling you get when your ex downgrades>>>>”
who was 8 and who was 13?
World Goes Round
pls RT -just over 30 minutes b4 u can xmas shop & get a fabulous gift 4 $1
Just got home to Georgia, and first song that comes on Pandora as I settle in to bed with a box of old photos? Georgia on my mind.
"Sleeping people have dreams. Awaken people have TO-DO lists. WAKE UP and make your dream a reality!" —DJohnson T&B
Man.. I Still have no cooking utensils or pans at my apartment lol everything has been baked and or microwaved at this point. Hahaha
Suddenly It Feels Like My Life Is Starting Over Again!!!.
QoTD: "Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well." (Jim Rohn)
Amiga!!! We Love you!!!
My homework brings all the asian's to the yard, and they're like "it's not even hard"
I hope the movies become a trend. He seems like a nice guy but his lecturing is painful.
where did you upload it to?
Did you get the top yet?
Uncle Tony's Hitch & Truck Accessories in Porter, Texas Adds U-Haul - Sacramento Bee
Good Morning loved the oufit in the begining ;)
it got all over me haha.
Our power was just out for four hours. Sad, how much an adventure it felt like. I will surely perish when the Omega Pulse comes.
amen to that! Marguerite Henry was my gateway drug to reading.
I basically almost always agree with everything Jay-Z says.
Watching loiter squad with my bros
mothers+day
RT “: Treasure Coast Linebacker Patrick Jean has switched his commitment from #Louisville to #FIU. Has signed #LOI"
Ask me if I Care ...... I DON'T GIVE A FUCK BXTCH
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
i did the same thang lol
have you seen Across the Universe??? It's so good!
fantastical tunes mane
Daily 'can't' level just met!
I think it was a conscious decision. I'll send you a link to read about him. It's funny.
My #currentmood has just been improved, thanks to and his random tweets.<3 (: gotta love him.
Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust
Boo Radleys: Everythings Alright Forever, Slowdive: Souvlaki, Ride: Nowhere, Pale Saints: Comforts of Madness...
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
i don't like roller coasters.... i don't like the big falls
All of my family and friends, who live along the pacific, please be careful and safe. I’m praying for you all.
These are not easy times to be fully invested. A short hedge is appropiate for position protection and short term profits
The first song of the day Frank Sinatra Duets The Best is Yet to Come...yes it is
Fake Eyelashes <<<<<
#UMWFA12 day 1 was a blast. Looking forward to day 2!
show 2nite #awesome. showed mad love to ya girl. S/o Anthony, Big Cal, Mikey Jay, warner bros., sony an all that came out. thank you
HootSuite is a little easier, no software to install, easier to have multiple accounts, runs within browser window.
Reeeeaaaallllllyyy want to get tickets for tonights Laker game.
Shout out to my Shenzhen wife for dressing me like a mobster!
I hate when girls only talk about cheer and judge people about how they r. No ones perfect remember that.
About to watch the remake of Conan the Barbarian. I already want a refund on the next 1.5 hours of my life.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterverse!
Swinging through bowery electric to see black taxi and celebrate krisana's birthday
i know this a dumd question but do u ware make-up
THAT'S A LOT OF FREAKIN ENTRIES HOLY FUDGEBALLS
I've decided just really needs to sing "Gone" at the next show
Cheers and thank you!
You ain't no good lmao RT : Get over here woman... Now RT FxckYouPayMe_: I need someone who's gone put me in my place
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas. - comedienne Paula Poundstone
Tips for eating out: Always ask for dressing on the side. Even a salad dressing can be pumped with sneaky fats and calories!!
Ah I love my new nail polish c: definitely using it for #PROM <3
LOL I wish! Ive been working every weekend. My days off are during the week so I don't have time to get LIVE. :/
Is it too much to hope that the subways are delayed because of #M1GS?
oh fancy smandhy mrs Hornors spanish :) Hahga You know it (; their songs can just fit anywhere.. nd ill tell you a secret.. a part
Its a bittersweet symphony.
Ok to all people who are bashing just stop please..this is a person u are referring to not a doll made out of plastic..
that's what's up brody
Props to ! Shooting a feature film in Ft Myers today - congrats buddy! Let me know if there's anything I can do for ya! :-)
He saved Louisville football and created fau coached with the bear but his numbers don't add up.how many back to back good seasons did
I had the same thought as I stepped out for coffee (though I got soaked on my ride in this AM) MT Rain stopped. You can bike now
From everything I've read/heard, yes. But we'll see. RT : Can he tackle in the open field? And does he wrap tackle?
most excellent day outside.
ew. I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
This weekend, Tori and Andrew are gonna be in Millennium Park playing an acoustic cover set. If you're in the Chicago area, come hangout!
#MusicNews Watch Nine Inch Nails Play Dance Party USA, 1989
Excited to lead a shelter hands-on training for 60 brand new Red Cross volunteers today. We'll be ready for wildfire season!
Big win for the new-look Magic today!
See, that could be you!
RT if u think , should be in the best haunted house evr. =)
paper cuts are the worst
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer1
Fuck it, maybe moving out of Oregon is the best.
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement, my hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then.
That's actually slow and sucky. I used to do it in about 48 minutes until I got hurt.
What's the use of this, Wayne? Shared data without external hosting?
#whitecrazyboysays i hit a chipmunk once. Someone says in a joking tone, "u monster". His response says dont worry, it was just a baby
there's 2bars, union transfer and a Steven star restaurant near by. Not exactly no where
Close it is a 55 gallon pickle (or onion) tub. I can take a picture of the one I build last year and get that to you tonight
DO YOU WANT TO BE PART OF A MOVIE?A WELL KNOWN VIDEO GAME AS WELL???YOU KNOW THE THRILLER DANCE??NEXT SATURDAY THE 10th IS THE DATE
whatever happened to Von Dutch ?
possibly going this weekend :)
SimonThunder 4 Idol judge!Who else could do the show&contestants justice. SimonThunder no sellout philosophy 5octave singing & indie songs:)
What.. league minimum? Guys fighting hard to stay in the league at age 32..
i'm still trying to head your way this summer. the weather better improve!
#DesperateHousewives was a serious emotional rollercoaster tonight.
nah that's cool
i wanna learn how to make cute little cupcakes like they do on cupcake wars
me: you're facebook pictures are all whorish. *unfriends*
Stomach is killing me...
Early morning flights...<U+2708>
#SharkTank what ever happen to the custom energy bar guy? He was a hell of a negotiator!
About to watch my heroes Jimmy Heath and Phil Woods shoot a documentary. Only in New York!
#WhyDoIAlways Act Like I Don't Care When Really Deep Down Inside...I Do
wait MSBWY??? there isnt one...yet...
Will Smith turns 43 today. My favorite movie of his is The Pursuit of Happyness.
I want to go to Paris. You know. Paris, France.
Maybe that chick does want the dick......
Yes everything is okay & how about you?!
Dustin Brown is a pretty damn ugly lookin dude!
Make Sure Your #FOLLOWING ... #TEAMMSLBMGMT #TEAM1579 #TeamNORTH Alleyway to Broadway
Hello eye twitch! Haven't seen you since grad school! :(
Finally figured out what #oomf means.... SO TOTALLY LATE
Damn , overtime !
So it'll be me, , a bunch of comic books, and mommy-free at the airport. Ya... something's bound to go wrong.
Thanks for the #FF Juliet! Love you! <3
SIETE!! I've always liked that number.
Who's getting hookah tonight!?
i invariably hit my mailbox quota while on a long flight, uggh.
To be continue...
NO THANKS. BLOCKED.
RT : Any artistic folks out there? Want to do some illustration work for ? Lemme know.
Umm... *shrugs* Up to you... *smirk mischievously, grabs and eats whats left of the oreo*
Before I join this league I need to know 1 thing, is tKessel's left nut the remaining testicle or the missing one?
Oh how I've missed baseball
Monday works. You name the location
#madmen not #madman right? ;-)
Painting tonight, hmm, what should I paint tonight? the Possibilities are endless!
I know it's a day late but congrats to for being GLVC player of the year. One of the best guys I have ever seen play this game
fashion has no gender.
damn that's a a lot! Did you do a 401k conversion or something?
womp womp?? I like real instruments thank ya :)
THANKS TO ANYONE WHO CAME OUT TO BAYVIEW BREWHAUS LAST NIGHT!!GREAT SHOW WITH GREAT PEOPLE!
Off To My Early Gig In Montgomery Mall...
What booth?
Ridin dirty on 85, slow takin it easy. Its been real
Brady is pushing yet another city agency - Economic Development Agency
thanks but it's kinda too late .
damn you're making it lol
Enjoying the game with #GoMagic!
Obama calls on states to increase dropout age to 18, but do we really want to force 17-year-olds to stay in school?
because it's wrong
oh I love that & thank you!
Its the middle of the week!! Whohas gotten a lot done so far??
Outer Minds and Radar Eyes are playing the Hemlock tonight. I haven't seen those dudes in ages.
For the fifth time in as many days I've found myself shouting, "Needs more cowbell!" at something. Trust me, they all deserved it.
<now followin this team. thanks for the follow.
tumblr ? I'll follow you if you follow me c:
#50 days till #believe...its feel like a lifetime. nervous, excited, ready.
Brewers baseball begins today at 2:05PM CST! Go Crew!
Just got an email from my Alma Mater, to open up a online b-day card, that was the lamest gif animation. Kinda glad I have no $ to give em
Happy Birthday ! Hope you and are are having a big celebration today!
~ they all disappear from view ~
The most important things are always the hardest to say.
Trivia guy: Hey are y'all playing trivia? Me: Yes. Yes we are. . : Um... Ok, guess we're playing trivia.
Give me your best #TypicalRedsFanTweet(s) and I'll RT my faves.
Just faced another fear in my universe and confronted it. #feelingfree and
we hope you do try them! Thanks for the #WW shout out too!
Living my life day by day.
looking good.
Michelle's personal DC fleet week?
Attempted sleep and epically failed :/
You need to come to Minnesota then.
No, more with the fanatical harpooning and less with the racism. I need that shirt!
Good shit we came back on the marlins
if you see this can I get a follow please?
come work with me! experienced recruiters looking for an amazing opportunity send resume to
Your blog is fantastic, would you be interested in sending an image to us. We would love to have your work posted on our blog.
you wish ;)
your website is amazing! I'm hungry just by looking at the chili and beef & broccoli recipe and pix....
im bout to start cookn from scratch n a min
A toddler straight up walked out of Jessica Simpson. There's no coming back from that.
Working on copy for new site. Need a hilarious list of things we don't do. Any suggestions? Use ->
welcome to Twitter! :)
But once i get out im going to regret it :/ forget it Y.O.L.O :) lmaooo
Good luck, Ben. RT : Just visited Ben Brink in hospital. Small stroke has not affected his speech or thought process.
Imagine how I feel , I'm a UK fan, every football season is that way!!!
I really liked the parts that he talked haha
And TWENTY SEVEN MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED IT.
oh wow um well wht happened ?
RT i don't want to lose you... <\3
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
I used some of that today. I'm actually leaving for ass-torn Europe on the 30th o'May.
Wearing my blazer over my lanvin pajamas with my clutch. Towncar better hurry up! Ugh!
Ray Lewis was at my show tonight! Well, he was in a private room behind a wall of security and he wasn't watching, but he was there!
I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in the stride toward freedom is not the
Age is mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Haha I made the daily lobo AGAIN.
If anyone would like a FREE Avon booklet mailed to them please message me
Aww he's singing boyfriend by justin bieber for mee <3.<3
Just had a student enthusiastically thank me for the awesome art books I buy. The PRINT ones.
Hamilton another one 18th!
Thanks Heidi and best of luck in all your endeavors!
Rep. Eric Cantor criticizes President Obama's "all or nothing" approach. In related news, John Boehner calls pumpkin "orange".
We love you! Thanks for a great shop at Adams/Dearborn and for the wonderful samples!
happy mothers day queen kourtney
Michigan: Great Lakes, Great Times; More To See....especially abandoned houses from the collapsed auto industry.
Thanks! Hope your training is going well.
It must cost you a fortune to have a room in heaven lol. Your #BearsCave is totally awesomeness good stuff
Girl im the guy who will rub your feet but wont kiss yo ass #callmeanasswhole who cares
thanks :) tell your friends about him.. He's striving to make change back to real hiphop in exchange for this vulgar rap. lol
Al I need your help with the Outer Space Men video you made at the comic con Email me!!! www.theouterspacemen.com thanks, Gary
Gimmie all the CHICKEN HEADS FROM PASADENA
good luck, Kevin! I know you'll be up to all sorts of awesome things!
: Is that called a Canine "Hot Box"?
I never gave a name though! Nor do I think he will creep like I do xD
Someone tested our personal & biz checking, too. I caught it right away, tho, so nothing gone, really.
Time for voting, Wisconsin! Take a long lunch!
Nice timing here. Everyone should be inspired after watching Man U and Man City duke it out!
What if you had the ability to make a vehicle jumping ramp immediately anywhere?
i'm sleepy
Do u like black veil brides?(:
Just woke up from a dream where I was being sprayed from a water hose by a monkey wearing a 1950's style wig. Jung help me out here.
Lady Gaga edges out Barack Obama as the person w/the most Facebook fans (11.1 million),Twitter (4.8 million), and YouTube (314,000). Amazing
May hit Ashley, but hitting the Warhol panel at 2:15 for sure.
On tap for today: Basic player GUI for the VST instrument.
I find it hard to believe that you wouldn't recognize that
today was so amazing!! the Lord is moving in awesome ways here in Clarkston GA :) so blessed to see how everything is giving God the glory!
sittin here by grandma thinkin about back in the day
Im a Steeler fan,bleed Black n Gold,but ty for following me..
On second thought, I'm foolhardily willing to predict no mayor DeMaio. Beer.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe #LGBT people who blindly support the #DNC w/o demanding the #FullEquality we deserve -
Don't listen to them, you've got the voice of an angel RT : please never ever sing Justin Bieber again!!! lol :)
do you know when he is coming to Florida again?
I'm all about some low 80s.
It's Friday there. Are you suited up, drunk and covered in gravy?
DMV ain't even pack....... yes
there are lots of great examples of this truth in action
Listenin to , Beautiful Freaks, if ur a beautiful freak NO SLEEP! I'm a song lyric person
BLACK!What bout urs?!Although Iguess black isnt really considered a color.. So then green. Haha, I hope u had a good day :D
yah they very cool
Last call to get your final questions in for #SportingExplore!
Bob Cole is blind.
Hidden Numbers Parking Lot - Free Online Game | Gethost.ro ...
DUMB ASS
Dam it is boring during fourth now
Surveys are the gateway drug to get people involved in political causes. What is the gateway drug to get people involved in musems?
My Appalachian Choir students want to lead off today's performance with "Mountain Dew" and follow with "Big Rock Candy Mountain."
We will be attending Expo Transporte in Guadalajara, Mexico from Nov 16-18. Check us out at Expo Guadalajra for special Meitrack discounts.
“: #on_ice” duh... I always drink white wine with an ice cube or too.
A positive attitude is a person's passport to a better tomorrow.
I think data plan is mandatory.
La Crosse Logan Cross Country just destroyed everyone at the Eau Claire meet
60 I have no use for it because I have a canon
Oh you know I'm counting them? Lol ;P
Having the shittest day, and just that one little thing.. Makes it feel like the best day!
Some may argue I'm better at NHL. Madden...not so much“: supposedly.. Some may say.”
bt what did c tweet selena?
Was Tim Burton and Johnny Depp's latest shot on film? I can't imagine them achieving dark shadows if not.
sex ALWAYS sells
I don't think my neighbors realize what time it is..
Ah. Glad you got a good one then! :)
ugh he is at work :(
Oh good! I know what you mean. A whole new experience we are creating here.
she's not lying. Best ketchup ever.
Some people remind me of for some reason:)
the beauty of aggregate series, where they like to park the bus and play ugly futbol
Hey Did u know you rule? Thanks for the #FF!!
this guy<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>
Thanks for the love!
Frosting cupcakes, then on to making Valentine's Day sugar cookies, chocolate covered Strawberries, & Strawberry shortcake
We're working on new material tonight and PUMPED about it!!
RT Business development is a never-ending process. There's always something to do.... <- Truth! Time also never wasted.
and i'm not a teenager. i'm 20 years old. get it right
i didnt even say your Name!!!! Alex Chill out girl go to sleep!!
Fincher/ Spacey 'House of Cards.'
RT : In Mexico City we love the Emergence album, and of course, La Puerta. muchisimas gracias!!
Hey Tutan! Is it at the Electric Room, or PHD?
I think when ppl spam Justin he replies ...
thank you for taking a stand!
he's not really having surgery cus his arm isn't broke its a show nigh b smh u still think its real
The next Day Party is June 5...location TBA. Mark your calendar. You don't want to miss it! :-)
IT IS HERE!!! MOVIES on the Cow, the Cow Patio that is...Tonight: Mommy Dearest. Bring a wire hanger in and get 10% off your ticket.
well you were able to spell before you moved there right?
Madonna is performing at halftime of the #Superbowl? Yea! Now I'll have time to go to the bathroom and get something to eat during the game.
So proud to be a #Spurs fan!
joy of science.
She's been here for almost two weeks - she is leaving Wed. My dad left on the 24th because he had to go back to work.
Let all the cars that I saw on the side of the road this am be an indicator as to what will happen.
yeah stoopid, well take it put Gonzo on with Youk up and 1 pout,,,,,make em pay Yoouuuk!
Old German Restaurant hosted by Rico Fisher. No Cover in HB
At Camp Ripley for NSRMAA's "Insight and Influence" conference for fire officers. Capt.Mike Gagliano kicked us off with substance and class!
A lot of NFL movement .... Broncos step it up!!!!
Random Hacks of Kindness = Awesome initiative. www.rhok.org
<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6> want this <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>give u a <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> throw it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> now watch em get it
Selling: Brown studded clogs tinyurl.com/827yw3r
Hush, you love me and you know it. So....deal wit it. Haha
that spoof movie thing they made is pretty damn hilarious. PS: show the movie already!! They ruined it for Jason
I think would sound awesome doing new song "Believer" for an altar song. Thoughts?
My pin......just for girls <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9> PIN: 2956E986 Plz I dont wanna boys just girls<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>.
try some gin and juice
what's up my dude?
then go back to la! Lol man that's cool you get a choice, don't be picky! :p
25,000 words: halfway there. Still don't really have a STORY, but...check out all these words!
Wondering how the Haggis was?
dat aint where u at!!!!!lol I like 5 star breakfast to!!!!
I just uninstalled Adobe #Dreamweaver. I feel so liberated!
smh at John Hammond.
I might have a heart attack in the next 5 minutes
We can't wait for the Bridal show at the Monroeville Convention Ctr. tomorrow. Come see the best Limo Company in Pittsburgh. www.tdflimo.com
Presented my paper #VISAWUS! Enjoying listening and learning from other presenters.
#ThingsMyBestfriendDo slam each other with harsh insults for fun
Yay ! Getting our brakes done finally ! Enjoyed not having 2 drive around town but missed not being able 2 get up n go when I wantd :)
YEE ITS PLAYING AGAIN (;
You know I wonder also has ever watched any Bollywood flicks?! I've got some excellent suggestions!
Thanks for trying, but you're just barely too late.
thanx to all new n' regular followers..have a wonderful day!!~
Tim Tebow changed his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx. I guess next year he'll change it to Stampeder or Argonaut.
Know how to ask. There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier.
The fact that we have ~24,000 government websites says so much about our bureaucracy
Links are up go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all todays hockey games live online enjoy you have to register to view links enjoy!!!!
that's what I did. 3 groups of two
Football Sundays start THIS SUNDAY! $2 beers, great food specials & TONS of giveaways! Located 1 mile East of the M Resort.
oh shelbie (;; I will be Fangirling tomorrow at school. :-)
Yum Yum Yum: Strawberry Mint Ice Cream
Stopped for sushi after my USO show & got a lot of looks. I guess a 1940s pinup girl cramming a crunch roll in her face is a little strange!
To the guy in the car infron of me.... You sure as hell know how to spit out a hoker... (However you spell it)
that would be the ideal move if you ask me!!!...plus picking up dwight
Directionators at school, we're gonna kill you.
they are more defensive than reactionary
My porch this evening! *logs onto Amazon*
Fun Fact: The removal of unwanted body hair can be traced all the way back to the #AncientRomans!
I wonder if Bill Polian wakes up everyday hoping that Jim Irsay will accidentally forget the password to his twitter account.
I've been using that iPhone app we talked about. I'll show you this week. You'll love it!
Me n b.o.b made up lol;). Gnight
gonna watch the big boys play rugby :)
Come by and have a drink with us at The Anchor Bar
When do you think you'll return from the DL? Your mom asked for that as a present.
ooh okay na :) I see you talking about it dang I want to watch it with you but I'm at practice :(
Baron von Steuben had a greyhound named Azor who he took everywhere he went.:) I like learning quirks of people who lived in different eras.
idk who that is. I might need a link lol
What is your favorite jail/prison movie or television show?
thanks:) awesome urs
hey Directioners.:D go follow she follows back !(:
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Insane desserts eaten in leap day don't have any calories, right??
WHOOP DAT AS WHOOP DAT AS
"I'm classy smashed!" ~my good friend Ashley Good...LOL
Whats the future for the Ravens
":shouldn't be swollen to much" <--I have read some ppl's nose was lookin like a potatoe 1 week afta they removed the plaster
Ow RT : Dept of solid ideas: hiring someone who presided over failed digital media strategy as a "digital media consultant."
I believe you said it like nine times. Once it's out, you can't put it back. (That's what he said.) ;)
10 Bags of Ice, a plastic bag of limes & a bag of Ranch Doritos
2 gigs today! Daytime nighttime work with a nap in between
Oh yeah!!!
1000 words to type is hard! You dont know what to write
so what do you think about the trade bogut and sjax to golden state for monta ellis and two other players.
is looking for #Java #Technical #Lead for a #contract #job with large retailer in #SF. Interested candidates must have worked on high traff…
Loved raj's quote on #bigbangtheory. How is Sex (with friends) bad. It's like sprinkles on ice cream. It makes things better.
We are happy to have you join us! What a line-up of awesome speakers!
If you don't love them then why are they great films? Technically impressive? What does great mean in that context?
you were totally my favorite person today. :)
OMG WHO THE HELL CARES
have a great day!
Sometimes you need to hear what you already know ~
Awesome! Very nice work :)
couldn't agree more. Thanks for the share Tim.
Damn I forgot to green today
Happy 10th birthday to I think it's safe to say they're the band that really got us into live music. Those guys are great.
I know <3
I hope you like your party baby!
RT Grace is the love that gives, that loves the unlovely and the unlovable. – Oswald C. Hoffmann
Haha right there with ya laur
Plans for today: Chores, chill, then church xD!!! Ugh they all start with the letter "C"
gsxr but he just txted and said no payments. I'm gone write this other guy for this yzf yamaha
new website!!! www.youngeighty.com
ur welcome :) yay u love me!
It's gonna be amazing! :)
just got done with ELUNA presentation. Whew! folks said they liked the project management with a little tech mixed in...
It's not THAT bad. :-) (As long as I'm not eating it every day.)
We missed your smiling face!
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity.
I think you are sending these to me
One World One Heart is an annual give-away held by over 900 blogs worldwide, we were accepted this year and will be giving away over $250.00
#imagine Austin In he Shower 0_0
IT IS NOT ENOUGH TO HAVE A GOOD MIND. THE MAIN THING IS TO USE IT WELL. :-)
You know I bought one from you, right?
i have my phone with me so i think i can be in around this time
News 4 Tonight: fast start. Spencer-Metro assault victim. with heart. At 11
nicole wants me to switch to united. She wants us to root for the same team, but she won't root for a SoCal team
they're jealous because you're making something of yourself.
Those energy bars are really good when youre tired
Something that I will do tomorrow is go around selling chocolates for drama while singing the song that Ariana and I came up with :).
It caught me off guard or I totally would have!
Thanks for following us!!
still waiting for the necessary parties to be out of meetings. not doing much for my c-c-c-courage.
Please dont play me 4 a fuckin dummy I hate that shit man ugh ,
Masquerade Ball starts in an hour! You better head the Art Authority now!!!
Giants timeout. Getting closer to the goal line
heyy, thanks for following! have you listened to yet!? (: hope you have a terrific afternoon! <3
I give girls head in church ...I dont care
// you watch Game of Thrones?! Didn't think it was possible but you just got even more cooler in my book! Lol
should take some pictures of fleeger's test
oh yes your beautiful notes! They must make your girlfriend swoon! Sounds perfect :-)
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
yup! Marta says hi ;)
Me + = unsubscribe
yes sir. I changed EVERYTHING. What I ate. When I ate. Made exercise a focal point. Everything. For my kids. :)
#SomethingAboutMe Id Go Crazy A Day Without Texting My Gf ._____.
just saw a nun in real life.
You KNOW that is my title, creative abrasionist, and I have been refinign this for over a year now? Can we collaborate on this??
Some people say that I'm a bad influence I say the worlds already fucked I'm just adding to it
Nicks smile never fails to make me smile
ooh cool... What movie you watching?? I get paid to take vacations so I'm always checking out different places ;)
Are you connected? Get connected at ROCConnect 187 St. Paul street the Scotland yard pub
have stuff I could check out online
#brewers injuries aside, its time to get back on track
Try to teach my dog a new secret handshake
new user VamosUltras is welcome to GIS Extensions Market. We hope he finds it useful.
Ghetto word of the day: Cologne - "Aye, you think you cologne me some gas money?""
5 seater? Aka "a car?" RT 5 seater? RT : good thing we are renting a car and driving to madison on Saturday
Did you already do the Naughty Dog one about story?
“I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting to see if you'll make an effort.”
My big kitty is in the hospital. Thank God my sister in law is a vet.
Maddox is so smart
At Tossed & Found mtg. Don't forget that the first drop-off date is next Saturday, January 28 from 9:00a.m. - 12:00p.m.!!
See that's why I fucks wit A REAL NIGGA IS MY PREFERENCE!!!! GO FOLLOW ON SOME
Going to sleep. Good night. Waking up early, putting on my Adele dvd, and taking practice tests for my permit. That's gonna be my morning.
#shoutout to my newest follower ! Very enticing name...lol
that was mostly to taunt my Aussie family, but you've gone and ruined that now, they don't know sh*t about snow.
haha well when u do i better gett a call
RT : Plan B: Mobile Foxy Radio Station transmitting 1600AM w/ electric bike healthy energy #Rocks for...
i wanna see abduction :) who wants to see it with me? =D
'are you saying my apples aren't what they outta be?!'
Is excited for the Blondes vs. Brunettes kickoff tonight!
“: OH: "There is nothing wrong with checking Facebook while you're having sex." >Focus people. FB needs your full attention!
so sad. Lots of great times there in college that I may or may not remember. #blameitonthealcohol :-)
Happy Birthday ! Hope you had a good weekend out on the town.
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with and ! (Though Watco_Terminal is pretty much everywhere across the USA.)
Idk who answers me but do north sophomores have any type of testing tomorrow?! Help seriously.
daily #homeschool tip: plant a garden. learn what wild foods grow in your neighborhood. a person who can feed him/herself is never broke
are you ready for this weekend?
Going to have a busy day tomorrow. Going to apply for jobs, do make up work, work out, and take care of some business. :D
Watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid
I think by the end of this paper I will know 's website and communication policies inside and out.
Man baseball is like a roller coaster
thanks friend! i took the latest program. Day1 - "Our achievements match our ambitions…" miss u man!
Txt2wrk feature-phone base job application/listing service includes audio (text-to-speech). Useful for limited literacy
Ran into my nigga Patches @ the SOB the Game and E-40 After Party!! @ Club Rome!!! Pac-Town Up!!!
I knew NIGHTSHADE was coming the end of Oct, and somehow we got into Nov already... I CAN'T WAIT to read it!
Brrr. TIme to start wearing gloves to bootcamp. My digits were miserable.
Really, men find cucumbers, carrots, and zucchini "unmanly?"
Law and Order SVU (:
u comin up with a group too
If you are a "foodie," this will be a great estate sale for you... TONS of small appliances, Wolfgang Puck cookware, knives, baking supplies
Dear Abby: 11-year-old should know table manners by now
About to go work out w/ my lil bros and sis
We prefer processed American cheese wrapped in plastic singles.
yes he is fashion and ghey royalty
OK, now I feel bad for ducking out on my little 1 mi. today
Conservatism does not serve us well. And I like to be served well.
lol Never heard that one!
Appreciated your expertise Jeff. Do you have any strong thoughts on building online followings?
let's say yes, but not with guns. Knives?
Putting together #timelapse footage from the Himalayas today. Very pretty. But not on the same level as
Today's my birthday :]
“: can I look like girls on tumblr plz” wat. but you do zxkbfmgjlsk
sometimes you gotta go loafer.
Come back and visit soon! It was a great pleasure meeting you- Thanks for being
well good luck! Hope y'all win the whole thing! Imma drive back and watch y'all at 12 haha
You're not getting nudes of me. Keep on dreamin'. lmao
All San Franciscan's You can buy our latest album in Amoeba records "Haight street"....coming soon on i-tunes etc..
I give Jadakiss Consignment shop 5 shot guns
My heart goes out to Spanky and his family. I truly send out my condolences. That is fucking sad. Spanky is gone but never forgotten. :-(
Mahomies make me happy <3 they tweet me just to say hi. AMAZING FEELING EVER. I love y'all <3
I need help.
had to swing by through Pittsburgh today for the afternoon but surely will tomorrow!
...I don't use GR for promotion. If you have 4000 friends and the only book on your shelf is your own, I won't confirm you as a friend.
TY for your support & shout-out!
who ready to tackle this semester with all As?!!!
laguna hills lady hawks heading to Sacramento for STATE! Congrats!! Also, Celia Marfone our player of the game with 28 pts & 14 rebounds!
The harder I grind, the luckier I get!
Just saw bill Cosby in home depot
This is what a hurricane looks like!
Instead of wearing my sperrys I have to wear bball shoes today
By doing homework, were killing tress. #stupidassteachers !
Family is coming over.
Love is lust in our generation it's a dam shame to know we don't nothing about true love anymore
I Love You <3 My Fans! <3 Very Much
My mom sure knows how to ruin my day
Will #MoonriseKingdom just come out already?!
I Don't Know Anything About It.
happy birthday <U+2764><U+2764>
Arriving in Tampa during rush hour probably wasn't the best idea.
Man. I sure am glad we got rid of CJ. the one game I watched him pitch in arlington against the rays in the playoffs he sucked-still sucks.
lol, yeah, they wouldn't sit still for me to take their picture. To busy with other stuff I suppose
omg happy birthday U are so grown up love you
Not in a good mood
Not the death of the CD yet, still need them at your gigs. But, we also do digital download cards & of course our Custom tees! We are merch.
Today in NBA history: MJ scores 226 points in a 5-game 1st Round series against the Cavs, breaking Bernard King’s record (213 in 1984).
Oh, please... I've had your request in que for WEEKS!
Of course!! RT“: Thanks for the follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK”
It is 9:30. Get off my TV, #dwts. On with the
hm hopefully this turns out well#wantinganotherkickassnight:-)
talk about it somewhere only we know
How am I supposed to research the possible future Avengers movie story lines if the Marvel Universe database is down?!?
Teenhoot was awesome! Thanks for the hug before I had to leave, I hope I can see you next time ur in chicago! <3
& thats that. I need a vacation alone by a pool with a cold beer.
I sure hope they're still there mid-June. That's when I'll be near there.
i hate SHE ABUSES INNOCENT GINGERS
Would you rather be an answer to prayer or a slave to fear? Take the victory God's spoken into your life today.
No prob! I'm just pissed I'm having so much trouble weeding through to find the REAL apartments!
I got 3 new bikinis and new shorts and strapless shirts we gonna look HOT (; lol
I'm not even on bro bro
good luck!!
lunch with my mom
"Fresh off the jet to the 'jects, where the G's at ? What'chu know about that ?"
fallow back.
my bff she thinks its funny that i get bullied
Cannot recommend more highly. Wonderful talk to my class Fantastic info& ideas on new media and Arab Spring.
No doubt just let me know when and where.
Can't wait to see the rest of the Mix n Mash boards arrive tomorrow! Have you turned yours in yet?
Come on out to the Rib Cage and have a drink with and myself!
DONATIONS TODAY & EVERY THURSDAY R ONLY 35.00 FOR ALL 8TH'S! 'H.H.A. 1400 S. Olive. L.A, CA. (213)746-4445! COME & LET US SHOW U COMPASSION
yes. Happy that Sabrina came second she gets $100,000
Is MISS BALA considered a 2012 release in th U.S. now?
concert went great ! I sang my heart out. (:
Trying to record an interview with one of the stars of Hunger Games and wouldn't you know... Our equipment isn't working. UGH
word. the sh*t looks like a DJ Big Mike mix-tape cover.
ha! no worries.
You are the Man
You have to watch it. Xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
“: ...a show about #libraries would be so much funnier! #alamw12” // Maybe of #unshelved could pitch it
At foreign exchange show with Good music, company and food.
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it. -Unknown Author
Fun fact about me.. I love talking trash in different languages lol...
I find it seriously hard to believe that Lady Gaga listens to Springsteen. In more believable news, Kim Kardasian is joining a convent.
so nice meeting you as well thanks for coming out! sorry we didn't get to chill more, we were runnin around like crazies haha
School tomorrow:)
Officially living with next year!! PARTY ROCK!!!
I got to spend the afternoon spending money!
At the gym :)
- 1,003 followers! You put me over the top.
The orange/ carrot/banana jamba juice is like having sex for the first time. The idea is a lot more exciting than the actual experience.
You cant legally drink, smoke or get a tattoo - but in over half of the states in the US - minors can get an abortion w/o a parents consent.
4 hour wait????
Recommend one on particular? And, what kind of room did you have? Thanks!
Want to WELCOME Shaunna Baldyga and Rosey Mattson to THE INNOVATIVE FITNESS TEAM!!!! We are so excited to have you!!!!
Hello my friend! Looking forward to "Talkn' #TEA ."
I get it in theory but fucked myself up pretty good last game with
not just any mall I'm in route to Potomac Mills... Pray for me!!!
True colors??? Wow
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
beliebeeerss!! FOLLOW & cause they follow everyone BACK!!
oh shut up! Haha
Heat so fuckin sorry
gotta catch bus to go out but hopefully i'll be there at 4-- you staying for a lil bit?
Slight déjà vu, but how many "photographers" are out there claiming to be PHOTOGRAPHers? Increase correlates to the increase of car traffic.
I swear if he doesn't shut up.....
I'll be staying away from the beer, but I can most definitely cheer a little louder for ya!
Just because it was 60 degrees today doesn't mean it's socially acceptable for girls to wear short shorts in public.
RT Hey Vegas! What do you think of our backups now?
When we blame we render ourselves, by choice, powerless. Accountability for our actions, places us in control of our life. - Lane
i found you. LOser, jp:)
Pretty sure I've become the annoying person that thinks having a puppy is the same as having a kid...only better
just relaxing.. what about u?!
this is set of dancer are. Good
: Although, breaking down the set after the show is also challenging, Feww!
Happy 30th! Damn, you're so old. 30!!!
My cinco de mayo=coronas+red bull & vodka+sum rum shittt l+shot of tequila+Li iced tea=a crazy ass nite=one heck of an morning #wishme luck
Can't fall asleep. Can someone sing me a lullaby?
Expecting a good TrailFactor showing at the Hagg Lake Ultra training run this Sunday morning.
RT ahh... nothing like waking up and going to SKI SWAP! a brannew pair o skis will do for this one! / ahh indeed.
HBday! RT : #Guesanumber 36 because it's my husband's lucky number and his birthday next week ;)
Glad you enjoy it! It's been exciting to see more of our staff members start contributing regularly.
Just saw a headline: #Romney Wins Illinois. Why is this guy entering a contest like that when he could just buy #Illinois?
Enjoying my second #FirstDay back working at #ProbateCourt! Today was Judge Dimkoff's bday, so we had lunch at #Maike'sBakery. #YummyPizza!
Watching 106&park.
JB & 50 carrying out the belts Team Money doing it big.
you're gay :p
I love you dearly BUT...lmfao
My 6th grader just read it and loved it. She wanted to bring butterscotch krumpets to English class!
RT : Wednesday is Bud Wild Wednesday. $1 BOTTLES and Taps of all Bud Products. Free Food at the bar 4-6PM. Happy Hour 2-7PM
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why they call it falling in love. You don't force yourself to fall, you just fall....
It's been fun Marine Corps, well not really. Anyway, i'm outta here!
RT : Buddy-up, #SCMS folks. Six miles from airport to hotel via cab = $27.00.
i found it! check your DM. how can a tech conf wifi be so bad?!
when are YOU coming to nashville
no more to be said now goodbye
“: "God takes GREAT pleasure in those who can trust His voice over their sight. Learn to believe what HE says over what you see!"
ahhaa that's how I am, 'xcept I'm the one late everytime
welcomes Michael Copella, Vice President to our team. Michael brings 6+ yrs experience in commerical real estate! Welcome!
Babies come out the womb knowing the imp of consistency & persistence...my nephews cried 4 like 45mins str8 2 get outta the playpin lol
Just a few more days until the Cats take on the Cards! GO BIG BLUE!!
Shout out to my college girl my sister my love
#IADMIT that life is sometimes overwhelming but #ImHappyWhen I #JustRememberThat God is on our side and is in control, guiding our steps :)
Definitely! I was still glowing from the happiness of having been a part of it yesterday! Loved it! :-)
Had fun at the community fair. c: I met a lot of middle school kids. They were nice. (:
My left eye is getting watery & itchy
awesome! I like it.
Not yet but it's most likely looking like the burg!
Setting up a time card makes sense. Unfortunately, if the complaint is Not Legitimate, it won't help. He said, she said. *sigh*
in your pants?
haleys house soon..
Hm, interesting....!
The WiFi at Alterra isn't that great... a lot of websites barely will load.
Love u
Sleeping in <3
Would you consider following the lead of by supporting Scott too? Thanks.
I'm for real. That's good tho. Keep you outta trouble. N I'm omw back now.
me too!
I just received two huge boxes full of Ralph Lauren petite pants and sweaters, plus adorable hats galore for Mom + Kid Swap!
I have lost my mind and I am making no effort to look for it.
hi Stephen! Diggin' your fedora!
Love and live your life to it's fullest
if you're a Bears fan, just watch the first half...
instead of complaining about student loans maybe these kids should complain there r no jobs for them when they get out of school
wow. No. This manager was completely disinterested in fixing anything. And your reluctance to assist is a little surprising.
Thanks for the RTs
This is why I hate the
The question was "what year was Valliant Printing born??". The answer is "1918".
I think it takes being in NY to realize LA doesn't even have anywhere near the number of restaurants. Oh and they all deliver.
- now we know we're at the right place!
So, I went over 140 characters.
I Love our 2nd mama.. and so do the other 21#millionBeliebers I loveyouu mama..and my bro haha I like that :)<3
is that like foreign language
Best advice of the day: "you're too young to give up on what you want to do...everyone's too young to give up."
THNX! for havin a contest for me to win tix to Time Stands Still cuz im broke n really wanted 2 c b4 close!
tons of homework i should be doing
yep, we both leo's. lol
#TapThat RT: There is still a small amount of #KnuckleSandwich in the keg, come and get it while you can!
Tomorrow, I'll go an entire day without texting any guys...
THE AGGIE
my names Josiah btw
I can't imagine what would happen if God forbid something happened to those boys. How could I even THINK of wishing that on someone else?
So maybe it's true
Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Mothers day would be right before I get paid too, but my job is the only job in the world that pays on a Monday
A kick in the balls is over 9000 del (units) of pain, which is like giving birth to 160 kids and fracturing up to 3200 bones at a time.
Top night at concert in #Chicago I still cannot believe how #amazing it was! Still buzzing!! Until next time lads! :) xx
JUST RUN TO THE AORPORT
Have a tremendous opportunity in front of us today to put us in great position for conference tourney. This is exciting! Take advantage!
that's the best way to know.. And thanks!
Sticks and stones can break my bones, but words can shatter my soul.
Okay :) im just practicing
This isnt my first sombrero.
Oh. I guess that might work okay for me. I'll check out the trial.
Is Briere serious?
Heeeyyy Love You On Basketball Wives
send me your tumblrs for a follow
Just heard first 25 seconds of #myloxyloto by Digging it already. There's so much life and honesty in their music.
its the way to go :)
well its true and i dm you
Yo #indy is bout to see some big names when the Miami Heat travel to naptown for the playoffs!
And on another note I just got an invite to a reunion for my high school class. Ew, why would I want to see any of those people lolzz
I don't hate you, i'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.
Bump bump bump <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
thats why im sad GB's gettin rid of you,,,
haha love it!
Dear 5th grader that "hates to be single" get the fuck over it.
How wait till the final episode to watch #DesperateHousewives <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
glad you had a good time. I for sure need to make a trip up there
Awesome #laopensource sprint! It was a great success. So many deployments! Thank you for sponsorship!
im_sexy_awsome is the user can u goe on meez n i will meet u in im_sexy_awsomes room
love this article! So true. Thanks. Have a great day!!
is so cool she goes to sonic happy hour AND starbucks happy hour all in one trip. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
The calls are starting...
So, the avengers was awesome... :) I'm in love with Thor and iron man!
Did you learn nothing from the ManCity game? is the ManCity of the Welfare League! (sorry )
Three week left to go on this water
#B1GTourney. Burke is most aware guy on the court. Watching him play is fun.
I knew it...travel safe
Landed in #phx 85 degrees here :) and heading to Scottsdale
Great effort & victory for !
Actually I bring one travel mug from home when I leave the house. DD is no longer open here 24 hours. :-(
Had horrible horrible dreams- and woke up sicker than yesterday.
I was confused when I thought there was a personality that can make me over look everything I dislike.
RT : food truck serving poutine, fries & grilled cheese on the quad for #Wonk Wednesday lunch.
appreciate U! #CubanDog sounds good!!
I should gloat and make fun of you, but you and your city are in enough pain as it is. Hey, you can always trade for Tebow...
I haven't been to the movies in a very long time, but I want to go.
My boss is the BEST! Headed to the Voice finale!!! :-)
follow back ? (:
So you just wish you were a whore?
Looks good! My son turned out a sports fanatic! He isn't interested in music so I'm getting him into cars!
Let the fun begin #loose Tuesday's
Aww... just seeing this. Thanks, Chris! :) RT : your girls are ADORABLE!!!
I ran into your brother and I'm positive he's going to tell you this, so I will tell you myself, yes I smoked a cigar :)
no kind words of encouragement, or words of love just "lets slam the person"
RT : Saw Sam Dekker play in all-star game. Reminded of Keith Van Horn playing at Utah. Versatility perfect for Bo.
that's why I missed your call, I was at the event. You are tonight? I am!
I predict that posts & tweets about #GC2012 by delegations should & will slow once the business at hand begins. #Paying attention.
I've had such a great day.
def feeling your sound and the beats thus far on that one- so soulful-
RT ...a girl that threw flour on Kim Kardashian was arrested on site. But the man who KILLED Trayvon Martin is still free.
Congrats to for winning 3 Golden Trumpets & 1 Silver Trumpet at 's Golden Trumpet and Silver Trumpet Awards!
Rick Santorum, not impressed
thank you xoxo
our pleasure! <high paw!>
U11's girls we played a tourney this weekend...0-2-1 on the weekend. My daughter missed sat. Game
I'm pretty sure that she will be back. However, she could hock up with the natives and start her own tribe.
Counting down the time until I get out of work but hey another day on the hustle
this is how we do it. A survival guide for busy moms.
I figured I'd wait until early May to start scheduling something. I'm so there though.
think #Browns would have taken WR with 2nd if they had expected Massie to still be available in 3rd?
Hooray! FL primary over! no more robocalls or boring attack ads...at least for a while.
wow that's so cool!
I'm definitely planning to go back and rent a place with the kids, if I get the chance.
#ABQ offers sense of place, sense of history for workplace of the future. Can be an #aerotropolis #greglindsay #DATABQ NMBW
I done stepped up my game, and sexed up my frame.
I missed that episode lol -goes to YouTube-
Afternoon Dolls. Holding on to negative thoughts only hurt you. Release! Be greater
so wht u doing
Stated/Stated Loans are back in Nassau, Suffolk, Queens, Bronx and New Jersey.Rates starting at 3.875%. Please call 646.543.5313 for details
“: Why would I mention someone to tell them I unfollowed them.?” haha
Just wait until he gets into high school! ;)
Straighten it up Pronk
Just sneaked into a movie, what a rush.
Can't stop spinning the new record. Really looking forward to his Live Lunch appearance in our studios May 25!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Back to real life. Great workshop last week. Pajama Game, website, and library work this week.
Thank you! And your Twitter profile pic is HAWT!
Hiding in my room while my mom and sister fight. <<<<<
want! I could not find any in a Philly wig store.
I can't stand when ppl keep up foolishness when da world is already fucked up wut happend 2.... #peacelove&happiness
Very true! I was impressed u guys were up&out the door in 3 mins. Good thing u made it, we would have had to left some bags behind!
I believe it's actually a verb!
I gotta keep my Xs in line like Tic Tac Toe.
Back in DC and oh my do I LOVE this city!
Doing some passive international recruiting - wearing a Winthrop T-shirt in Gran Canaria.
One hour and four minutes until this night is in the books. I love Fan Fare week!
come on when will there be a new mafia 3
If you tweet too much, they'll shut you down for a couple of hours. But you're only on like... 6 tweets. So yeah. :P
Welcome & thanks to my new followers; all motivated peeps
The battery on my phone dies quicker than a black guy in a horror movie.
I did have chlamydia while filming. So unfortunate, but inspiring.
If it comes back to you, its yours!
Tiger is back!
The new pearible site is almost ready - should be rolling out this weekend!
Friday Video: British APC Destroys A Minnesota House! | Defense ...
Was going to ask if you were still working on this.... always interested. Question is time available...
I've always wanted to get in a taxi & say, "FOLLOW THAT CAR".
haha yes it sucks and if i kept my twit notirfications on for my phone i prolly woulda had a billon msgs
We seriously need an award for most passive aggressive user of the day.
I think it is quite a compliment & +1 for the drink!
So happy it's Friday that I'll event begrudgingly accept the gray drizzly day.
Nicky, are you based in Oklahoma? Do you act or work as a commercial model? Aaron
had one in bayshore about a hour ago.
Hey guys there is a carnival in philly this weekend, $10.00 all you can ride at Erie and castor, alot of fun for family. Info. 2673228114
I love this boy Elijah :-)
@ Culver City Hotel and Bar.
I think it only had 1 year. But that passed last month.
who is sitting in celeb row?? Any G-Men???
me too, what we gonna do? lol ;)
oooorrrrrrrr #HappyBirthdayScoot or #HappyBirthdayScooter or #HappyBirthdayScott :p there's so many to choose from :)
I used the corner to teach the idea of sense of place.
really? /: I still keep in contact with those I was close too. And um its kind of the same except everyone is turnt down lol no
haha alright let's see it!!
Today I am doing homework at my public library. I've decided to spend the day as a library user. perhaps it will give me some perspective
Good Friendships are Hard to come by, cause people Change.
snowing in kansas i hate the snow.
Host UP alert for PSL-Velox!.
try printing it as a PDF? Bullzip is a nice free pdf printer.
River Valley results excite mining company
ROYAL BLEND Prod. is releasing the "R.U. IRIE" from the vault series...starting summer 2012
Checking out The Voice for 1st time. Why are they always crying? Like puking makes me puke, crying makes me cry. There goes my eye makeup.
you move on quick. ha, what a joke.
Congratulations to on being named an IBM fellow!
Snow Egg king&#39;s Quay among world&#39;s best
lol I know! But she'll be okay writing songs about boys who did her wrong! I miss you girl!!!!
Nice to see my boys are at least aware they play hockey games on BOTH sides of the ice.
lovely pix
of the best teachers I know AND she happens to be a librarian Thanks, my friend! Miss you!
merry Christmas child...keep your swagger on 100 sugar
7 in 10 Americans have some kind of fear of the dark
My #D-Lux Messenger Bag also made its first road trip to Pennsylvania and enjoyed the view of the lake.
Thanks for the mention!
looking forward to checking the blog.
I guess this means I was a total douchebag in college.
Thanks for the costume ideas! I am a cat burglar for Halloween. Everyone at work loves it!
A1 - Fans love behind the scenes access - show following up on players during off-season would be keep fans connected and generate $
Drinking a Port Brewing Wipeout IPA on an empty stomach to help me not feel so bad that the #Brewers stink and aren't a playoff team.
hahaha im not fanna play wit you
I don't wanna get up.
Tech & Soc Quiz 3: As businesses expand specialization also increases .~D
Same, but with NYC media glare, this is different than it happening in, oh, Kansas City.
dont know about a thug. But from the tape it def looks like he meant 2 do it. If he didnt, he would have turned around immediately
Someone follows you on Twitter YAY, a new follower! , *Someone follows you in real life* HOLY SH*T A STALKER
The most beautiful and most profound emotion we can experience is the sensation of the mystical
Thanks :3 >> “: Shoutout To You For Following Me :D”
I'd love that :)
Happy birthday!!!!
Selena Is Incredible but is incredible selena?
Everyone wants to be happy without any pain, but whats a rainbow without alittle rain?
they say l'm this, they l'm that. they won't give a chance, no. but l do what l want l'm a grown ass man, so please STFU.
Mike Miller
"as white wine ages, it gets darker in color. As red wine ages, the opposite happens." Did not know that, thanks
Also, a guy just asked me for my nbr & after I politely declined & he was walking away, she loudly whispered "creeper!" I love my daughter!
idont feel like it ;/, ill get it @ lunch
Slow connectivity at the Dome, apologies, folks. Missed a jam there, Synth for Rotties, Tata for Maulers, Score now Rotties 14 Maulers 4
nobody i kno or dont kno got a flow as nice as mine.
RT : My grandpa: "I went through your YouTube thing today, some of those comment things are something else. 'I'd like to fuc ...
bracey wright went to Indiana
I wanna eat something....Dont know what though
Every time I see someone eating (and cutting) pasta with a fork and knife I want to yell at them for doing it wrong
I will probably end up writing a song about Lyme disease and my two new tick friends, Stalker & Andrei Rublev.
Besides Final Cut Pro, what do you use on your Mac to do video jobs?
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles
It's funny how all the high school kids can't wait to graduate and go to college, but watch there reaction half way threw the semester!
good morning, still coping w/ my sister passing away
I don't belong in the movie w/ anyone else than my boyfriend. Other ppl do to much..
has lowered its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 20.
all candy goes bye-bye. There are, tho, loads of fun dispensers!
He was a rescue, so I don't know!
I'll be uptown tonight after work! I'll come find you!
MT : "$2B JP Morgan lost, somebody else gained," Romney, noting that no taxpayer money was involved <-wants to privatize SS
about to meet goodspaceguy nelson... hes going to colonize space as soon as he gets elected to king county council
Thanks for the follow- enjoy your TGIF
Well you need to hit the US! because you my friend is incredible & hot! lol :)
Sunburn can just go away.
Just the man to free the school from the tyranny of Free Silver.
The prologue scene will be released Friday, February 17th! this is an introduction to the villain Craw and why he wears the mask
My dad pretty much fed us Dinty Moore beef stew with rice. #Don'tJudge
Whats up fam? I believe we met in Youngstown man! You may not remember me but I wanted to ask if you looking for artists?
I saw a guy playing temple run while he was driving. He didn't get to far.
love your avatar!
Justin singing to "lets do it again" ......he makes me melt.
Sherlock is the best show on earth! You have good taste.
Y’all rambling, talking shit to these bitches You know you real you don’t say it You know you real, we gon feel it Ralph! - wale
Today is the first day I'm walking on my left foot.. Thank you Lord for giving me the strength to progress in such matter of time..
I hate when People think you Playing but be Dead Ass Serious!!!
Dare to be different, trust me somebody will follow .
Come by for a Perfect Patron Margarita.............. Patron Silver and Patron Citronge Orange Liqueur!
Um, shouldn't my co-host “ be in bed right now? Rest up, Blair - it's gonna be a party tomorrow on !!
late night poetry sesh...
Mandii_Mariee I texted him.**
Its people that get away with doing stuff other people dont because you get used to them after awhile...
“: Admit it. Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.”
I prefer not to let facts get in the way of my political views.
has great tweets. I read them often
RT : Warner Bros plans on remaking the 1991 action-thriller Point Break. Really? How do you recreate perfection? (Awesome)
Started the day powerfully on the prayer call with Bishop Joseph Walker. Prayer is powerful.
People say I'm a addict, got a lotta bad habits, love smokin that broccoli and I love stackin that cabbage.
Why do people always think my name is Rachel? lol
I love watching tech videos from Techno Buffalo
I never understood the rationale for insurance and home recovery apps (progressive/servicemaster)
sometimes I walk over there, then I come back...maybe do some jumping jacks lol. I love that part!
happy birthday to me!! :)
goodnight Ariana! Hope you're having a lovely night. Sweet dreams love you so much! :* &hearts;
I honestly hate bein single
Zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder.
You haven't missed your chance to become an volunteer to help give away 1 million books, but you only have 24 hours left, hurry!
What a long day!!!!
- yea she's good. So then what y'all do ?
That decision between going to bed, or staying up and eating awful things and watching awful television.
apparently my strings are fine lol, ran into Kenny in the parking lot. Maybe I'll come hit soon
I was gonna make a video of me singing but then all my animals wanted to be in it soo.. It was a fail
killer headache
It does not look friendly outside...
Haha gosh I hope you aren't listening to that somehow. I need to destroy all those recordings.
how is anyone a fan of this fuckin team?....
A lot of crazy shoppers on the road. Be careful!
Almost made a "trade Staal" joke just now but I`m not in the mood to be trendy. Need some din-din first.
nope, just me running on low sleep at the consumer electronics show. But the singularity IS near, in any case
About to get the king's tour of Woolen Mills with two Charlottesville sages.
We are expecting the new YZ250F in Sept & the YZ450F in October!!!
Is it wrong to copy "Fitter Happier" for my employee development plan?
Yup but god forbid you say anything because she's always right
The #Goonies. A wonderful reminder of a time before I lost my innocence. A time where lost treasure still existed.
Why oops?lol ha :))
For sure!!:) FLOW! lol
Had a great time last night with Larry Nathan Cherniss, Kim Watson Cherniss, Scott Grant, Ralph Rodriguez, Mike LaBarbera, Richard Van He...
guitar touches the soul, especially your own. Master your instrument - be patient with yourself - make huge differences in your improvement!
Hey Hope everything is good with you also...yeah I got some good projects coming soon.
Wanna be a part of this year's ? Let us know. Lots of ways to get exposure: sponsorships, vendor booths, & door prizes!
that chow ain't to shabby.
hey! Brea's phone died.. ;( Is the concert over? ;)
- Thanks for the love!
So happy to have given blood for the first time! Wooohooo! ...I need to go lay down for a while now.
Do people prefer giclee, or original, hand pulled prints? This is hard decision for traditional printmakers.
Why do you bother advertising your specials (like smokehouse BBQ chx) at store #24735 when you NEVER have them? Pointless waste.
Thanks, thats good advice
damn I missed you! Elbows are sharpened and ready.
Thank you for the re tweet
Ima see what I can do, give me a call sometime tonight
Beautiful night on mississippi riding steamboat natchez wish everyone was here
on using a #SavedByTheBell analogy for the jobs #'s: "i'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so scared!"
:( how packed are you? New any help?
In 1960, the median age of first marriage in the U.S. was 23 for men and 20 for women; today it is 28 and 26.
This month at the Washington County ReStore all individual cabinets are 50% off.
The Tom Hughes Memorial Concert DVD is well on its way to been edited. Lots still to do..but we are getting there!
I wish you had too!!!
been using it all day and it working for me
s/o to #follow this girl!
Happy to have you here! RT : Great people, amazing atmosphere, insightful speakers!
- come to the factory! Or #Medeco Canada might be an option.
thank you!. Rocking it.
RT : Just pretending to be Spanish as I say hola and wish my amigos a happy cinco de mayo
Stop by in Evanston with your #Belly card for $10 off women's haircuts! $5 for men!
I see a trade too. SO many needs.Keep trying to get 2 picks for 1 type of thing - like winning a lot of small pots in poker
RT : Try 2 avoid "shiny new thing" syndrome when working in social. There are many cool tools, but doesn't mean u need 4 ur brand
Beautiful day here in NYC considering its mid_December. Great day to visit Central Park.
Happy birthday cookie miss you!
<U+2665> I Love my Friends <U+2665>
Ace Garage Door Repair CO./San Diego is now offering a FREE estimate to all Diversity Platinum members.........
Anywhere counts;) RT : does the jersey shore count?
#WhyDoPeople try do hard to fit in -_- no. Just no. No one likes you.
bout to go to work for the evening, you have any jobs while in HS/college?
Rest in peace, Maurice Sendak. I loved your stories.
hopefully we can afford to upgrade the others when we get all those world series royalty checks! :-)
I need sum new ppl to rap to
- Cool, cool! We need to keep an eye for this! :) Can't wait!
#ThingsIwantTheMost A cure for the millions who suffer 24/7 Chronic "Invisible" pain in silence. We need support.
i love Make it or Break it,
I love free food at work!
I have no problems with GIRL on GIRL as long as they let me watch!!!!
how can i live in LA, and not have any friends who like the same kinds of movies i like?
This track im about to work on is winning
This. // MT : PR ppl: If I ask if something's been covered elsewhere & you say no, a Google search should not yield 3 stories.
My cup sleeve broke and unfortunately my laptop was not interested in having my tea :( fingers crossed...
there were way too many question in your request. Can you pair it down to 10 and resend plz. Thx
I know? I'm just saying.. He's gonna have bare walls where he lives.
lots of authors talked about having to write about the characters in their minds. I don't have characters, I have lists. :)
grub for me
And the sleep deprivation begins....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Fisher a traitor.. lol
I can't wait to go to Western.
I'd be sad
#hsjSEA Q: Can you speak @ the importance of being multi-cultural/lingual in the globally interconnected world of journalism?
Great weekend for WI sports!......Whats your next move Favre?
I'm OK with that. I like the realism. Leave the justice league to our comics. Some things are better left that way! Ha.
Was able to get long aussie yen. Hope Spanish auction doesn't screw things up.
Been up since 6 am on campus since 9 am it's not 4:30 pm crash mode
all the time. Thank goodness it won't touch my liver!
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. - Aristotle
if i can find out how the fridgid apples to make a video ima make a fan vdieo for austin :)
Who's stoked for Arsonists Get All The Girls this Saturday?
dm me the link to your page!
Have to give props to definitely the best way to get to the WH and back tonight.
I'm on vicoprofin but I haven't got it yet.
love all ur songs and u have such an amazing voice :)
If an interesting monster can't have an interesting hairdo I don't know what this world is coming to. - Bugs Bunny
G Bar tonight...the last night of spring break so come out and drink ur azz off!!!
Listening to Superman by Joe Brooks from his new CD Constellation Me. Check it out now!!!
Planing a beer trip to chi town would love to stop by and do some beer tasting and a tour
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
This may surprise you, but I've used it. Let me know if you have any questions.
Now THIS is beautiful weather!
Yes I also heard that deliveries were out in 2013 now. I'm looking forward to mine!
Change your Thoughts and Change your World... Whatcha thinkin?
Debbie Gibson turns 41 today. I liked her stuff in the 80's. She's talented.
stop what?
Thanks! And thanks for the great article this morning on the #CES as well!
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Alright folks, big shows next week. Make sure to check out Fit For Hounds, Be Honest Ruth Brian, Allium on Friday the 27th!!!!
Polaroid moments
wait till yall war the new and improved baghdad
But just so you know I am harmless.....[my cats have seen to that, amazing what they can do with claws *S*]
The Orange County Public Library will process my book into their system in the Local Author Section!
Proud to say I'm the one who killed Stormy Winter Stout. I got loudly booed. No regrets.
DC sports. Never the bride; always the bridesmaid who ends up puking all over the dancefloor.
hey did u hear Nectar is closing? Maybe Chocolate too
It's Hispanic/Latina/"Mexican" Mother's Day today. I'm missing her.
planning my high school class reunion & realized that once again I'll be part of the minority. there's only one quick solution: rent-a-kid.
that sucks.
correction: free chicken strips tomorrow. not today.
Whoa! That just kinda caught me off guard, but definately somethin sweet to think about...
What a game. Should be a fantastic game 7.
thanks so much Judd! RT : Happy 25th, ! My life would be very different without you. Thank you for opening so...
So lemme get this straight, you have a boyfriend&you're talking to the guy I like? Get your life together no one believes your just friends.
LOL did you just punch the little guy in the chin?!
European ebook sales currently as follows: UK 52%. Germany delivers 28%. France is at 7%, Italy 3%, and the rest of the continent 10%
Rainy days = good time for working out! I'll be back in a few hours..
Another day in paradise.
It's on my bucket list to burn one with & chat about shit like aqua socks.
what happened?? I mean u dnt have 2 tell me if it's personal if u dnt want to. *Bretana*
The best sound in the world is silence from New York sports team fans.
These animals symbolize street art that are part of occupy movement! Neat.
Working on med product sales trng; high level learning needed w/limited resources; need design that ensures self-study after; any ideas?
My teachers stay on the phone , so I do the same thing
Everyone has at least once dropped their phone on their face.
I know I'm not the only one addicted to pinterest
now that's a good time!
we will be presenting and hope to get the chance to introduce ourselves!
Lady Gaga is fuckin retarded "im going to marry the night" really then what the hell u gon do in the morning then
After sending a risky text, one minute seems like an eternity.
I'm ready 4 Sunday 2 come!
People b wit the funnies. They know that all they have to do is say sumthin and all this shit will be ova bt instead you just say nothin WTF
Participating in Poynter Webinar: Managing Your Journalism Career and Skills
Tough night for Newty so far.
this is Alan from 402 and Michelle sent me here!
Tommorow is exactly one month till graduation
I guess the Duggars didn't take Foster Friess advice.
yeah not cool! Your obsessed with Abby not me :(
We love what we do & we love #Vegas, haha! Let us know if u have any specific questions - we'll be more than happy to help
Less than 24 hours till "Through You Into Action "catalogs hit our hands...get yours this Saturday!
Definitively! I'd love to get some of them in your glass.
Know what I'm doing at 9 pm tonight?! WATCHING #GreysAnatomy :)
That shit gets me heated!
sure do, u need beats?...lol
The Wedding Connection is coming! Grab your spot today. Call Cindy @ 830-5782, or e-mail her at
we lost the first game(:
Hey twit fam... friend me up @ www.facebook.com/miamiprincess69 THANKS BABES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I still got it! Tracked down a nasty iPad software issue today.
Hanging out at chick-fil-a play area with my best friend.
has a great old school sound, full guitar, rougher vocals and grit.
If you asked me for my heart, theres no way that i'll say no.
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> that you just tweeted
i'm trying to write something about how when we resort to counting seconds and milliseconds, speed doesn't matter -- not to humans, anyway.
Hmm. People who eat Big Macs have other problems. I agree it's unhealthy. But it's because it's poor quality food.
Had fun with the drunk family today :) Saw the baby<3 & had the cousin 2nd bday party! Holy alot of Dora! Gonna go text someone<3
“: I don't wanna be remembered for who I was but for who I am. The way you go out is far greater than the way you came in.” 100%
69 more days till my birthday ;)
So true! Welcome to our new 'normal'. Definitely will not be doing the same-old, same-old,
when you find something that looks like junk but inside is marvelous (I greatly enjoy going to garage sales like that too).
has a disclaimer at the bottom basically saying not to take "Goals" seriously. I do love Mint . I use it for tracking
Kicking off LDW tonight - the drinks will be flowing party people! Come and get it!
dnt sleep ill catch u sleepin
ah okay! i wondered why in the world I would need the roll number if I don't actually use the roll?
I remember when Alex posted the photo of me & him on instagram.
Reorganizing the spice cabinet and I unknowingly bought extra A LOT. Boo for being too lazy to look around the cabinet.
Celtics gettin' worked right now!. Let's go Hawks!!
WOW! 1, 031 ballots cast and you have until 12 Noon today! Turn you vote in at 119 Washington!
Greetings Mr. Williams! Is there a #foxnews email address that folks can use to contact you? Thank you!
About to play some MOH2010, See you there?
Remember, 1 of the jurors has a cruise 2 catch on 7/7, and she plans 2 b on it.
that's what's up. Spoil the misses
Three former NFL players arrested by the FBI
oh sweet thanks for thinking of me!
There are so many letters (labels) I did not have them going thru school. It can get overwhelming trying to keep them straight
Is there a single word for that sense of calm and rejuvenation during & after a long walk in a steady, soaking rain?
Great. I owe taxes.
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex My #Wife #LikesItLike this also, It's actually her
cool! see you tomorrow. it's going to be a blast!
mention me in all the links
you would probably die:)!
Very grateful for that comment, Heather. So kind of you.
Just a fly ball. Come on.
Goin ham on these wings
Help! We need people from the communicative disorders field to serve as scholarship judges! E-mail Laura
Ottawa's only shot at this is if they determine Neil didn't make contact with puck. He certainly tried to kick that.
Cabin in the Woods was amazing. Good characters, dialogue, plot and visuals; plenty of horror and hilarity in equal measure. Go see it!
he's talking like an idiot right now lol
cousin r song is on!! Motivation by Kelly Rowland-sexy! Haha us back in the day.. "that sweet and low" lol
I hate tentative drivers.
Thanks for the follow. I "just" bought new tags for our pups but will order from you next time - so cute! And local! oxo
5 sacks in 5 games #billsmafia he was injured for most of the year
Hey, what are you guys up to this morning?
Thanks, ill try :/.
Bird Nest Roys: the most overlooked of all the great golden-age Flying Nun bands. (Verlaines: my all-time faves.)
Can Charlie Sheen stop being in commercials, already? Dude looks like a shit-sandwich ate a shit-sandwich, and shit out that shit-sandwich.
Happy New Year everyone!
Yeah.. I can't do this
She Will , She Did.
Hi. I'm working on a video content project at GSA and I was wondering if HHS can help. Can you DM me your phone / email? TY
Having some FAZZT Friday Fun! How many ways can u use FAZZT in a fun way today? Send us FAZZT funnies & all mentions go in hat for a prize.
My cat is so sick and I just don't know what to do, I want to cry but instead I'm sitting in my bathroom with him and my heart is breaking
Why do my dogs look at me like I'm crazy?
Eventually you are done with school.. But you are never done being tested.
Love, LOVE #FindingYourRoots on #PBS #WHYY with Skip Gates. Harry Connick Jr. totally had me chuckling with his charming self.
Ha! RT Braun-Rodgers venture to be called 8*Twelve ... they really wanted to put an asterisk next to Braun's number?
Best 3 days Watching the Throne!
I named my dog malfoy after you, I worship you, I would die if you tweeted me<3 hhaahahaha
S/o to my new followers.
Oh man you definitely need ZICO out there!
Really doe
It was on the other night. He's a rad dude.
FAST!!! Let me know when u touch We on!
I know, I know. Sometimes I wish real life had a study abroad option...
Dear Cavs: really, you couldn't have scheduled a game for my one free night this week??
Briland & much more! RT : thank you kind sir,,it was our pleasure; look forward to talkin about #briland more
Bro Crede with the double! That'a boy, D!
Yes, but how is copyright getting in the way? I'm looking for the drama point in this story
I'm into it.
Prom in 2 days & i dont have a dress
I've done that with a few messages. *hint hint*
Look y'all are going to be mad at me but it's still kinda hard to soak all of this in........ Man I feel like Cleveland when LeBron left lol
57% of the top 10,000 websites use Google Analytics to track users.
Happy to be with so many Second Amendment supporters at the Pike Peak Firearms Coalition candidate forum, about to start.
Scratch the surface in a typical boardroom and we’re all just cavemen with briefcases, hungry for a wise person to tell us stories. Kay
watch... on my birthday... everyone is gonna be like "im not saying happy birthday to her" swear!
Sweet RT : All children want is to know that your eyes lighten up when they walk in the room!
T-9 hours until at excitement level=dangerously high.
FINALLY getting to the impact of #socialmedia on
SPORTS TACKLES CANCER event tickets are now limited for Chicago 12/21 sports industry networking event. #NSMN members only. Please RT.
that first period was pretty painful...
where the fuck is my brother ?
you haven't texed back -_-
better looking or better QB?
Wishing I could have been outside more today and hoping it stays nice for a run later tonight.
Controversial statement (?): I like Justin Vernon, I do...but musically, I think I'm over the falsetto phenomenon.
Uhh just found out my gym isn't charging for #TRX anymore....sick!!
Just about to start today's #Carlsononthelaw show. Up first: suicide kits, and the tri met driver that killed pedestrians, and kept CDL
Wonder if a healthy Nick Collins would have made top 100?
i haven't worked out in like 3 weeks. might do a detox cleanse.
I got nothin'!
Too close to love you...
6 more followers until 900! Lets do this guys!!
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
it's your day! get it!!!
LaCroix is the nectar of the gods. Calorie-free nectar. I'm going to down a 12'er before too soon...
I KNOW! IM so excited!! We go from Gatwick to Glasgow Scotland and its my 5th time :D
Win a VIP TABLE for Paradise Visuals AEE Party w/Ron Jeremy TONIGHT in the ..Follow & RT!
i swear i cant stand people who bitch out about everything
We want to thank and for being super professional during the Forum.
loosely planning out my one day of Olympic Tennis in July.
I saw them at Warped Tour a few years ago and I fell in love! Lol
People always find it weird when I say I don't listen to music. I prefer reading.
RT : headphones on = don't talk to me
the happiest girls in the world! <AB
Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try new products, take surveys,
Great work ethic. RT : back to work. gotta get better this summer
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 11
Exploring! Found a Trader Joe's 5 miles from home, and a drive-thru Starbucks 3 miles away. M venti mocha ...
And me! Carouse with me!
Every word out of my mouth, I swear, I've heard someone say.
...Thank you, Pratt-SILS, for making me feel awesome. :-)
“You see that I am a very little soul who can offer to God only very little things.” –St. Therese of Lisieux via RT
Drivin, drivin, drivin...... u know u love the BR. When u. Drive 6 hours just to be n town for ONE day!! That's love!
So many great people in one place.Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Steve Fry, Jose Dugand and the list goes on!
GoodMorning ! Bout' to get dressed & head to practice. :-) #A.Little.To.Late!
S/O to my partners and holding down the O for years! Powerhouseorlando.com and Kheep.com check dem boys
The 10 OL making the list: Kalil, Pouncey, Evans, Mankins, Nicks, Long, Thomas, Penn, Peters and Staley
Going on a 20 mile run starting now
yay! And just in time to get used in my fitc talk next week. I think he deserves it :)
Is that a challenge? RT : are you calling "dibs" on rob kardashian?
Just seen the most beautiful creature.
(smack) I'm watching it in your car. I'll learn to drive with a laptop on the dashboard.
No you can't drink my pop c.
Cmon green n white let's do this!!
aww(: that's adorable though..
damnn . Dey shouldnt have invited you if dey wont gone go get you ..
When a book ends bad and you don't have the next one.
i thought the said they had received legal representation. i thought that was the whole point (!!)
don't
Just thought about what it would be like if Ogden Nash had a Twitter account and summarily threw up dinner
aaron.tv is converting to version 2.0
is headed back to DC... See you in two more weeks, new york!
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 7
Nice to meet you Stan. See you all soon at a tweet chat near you!
If it's age before beauty, you've lost out on both counts, buckaroo.
Omg I'm so happy I'm not being grounded anymore
aren't you supposed to add "in bed" to the end of it??
Tweet me your instagram & ill follow you but you gotta follow back.!<U+E056><U+E022>
Banks in Nigeria are responsible for paying back for the cleanup. People have to be held responsible for mismanaging institutions.
Getting psyched for #sociologist 's talk "Social Communication in the Twitter Age" in Brown Lab
Crossing fingers weather behaves today. Taking a half day with my youngest. I think rain will start as soon as I leave :(
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
That's why there are 3 in the photo :)
RT : nothing like "Finals Buzz"... it's EVERYWHERE! everybody's talking mavs/heat! lovin' it!
Where did the morning go time to get up and Glam!!
Gal code: always check ur hair after taking off ur hat. Please
Itz so wrong but it seems so right
wonders what my dogs do all night to sleep all day.
Great to be back in LA... rain or rain!
Writing a little late-night #kickassfiction!
hey sorry for putting you in this tweet is going aa type a different name and wrote was yours
I'm not in the "Burn Paul Martin with fire" crowd...You're allowed to have one bad year...A really,really bad year..but..yea..
Checked in the #Westin #Chosun #Seoul. Excellent customer service. Driver from airport to hotel. Take you right to your room. No waiting.
Shout out to <- follow her!!!
Remember when Katy Perry was on the Warped Tour?
The flavor is determined by what type of flowers the bees got their nectar from. These sources can range from clovers to orange blossoms!
Lady marmalade
Not good
I would dream of a scene where wears a nuns habit walk over the sidewalk and replicates The Seven Year Itch.
Can't wait for the American Pie reunion film next year!.
sounds intriguing, have to think on that :)
RT : Blessed indeed is the man who hears many gentle voices call him father! Lydia M. Child
Talk to ppl in a way that is culturally relevant to them
Bebe i miss you :) & lovers you with all my corazon
Can you get Howard to teach a class on how to steal early and often. RT : Come learn from me in Florida! cash game ..
Good Morning! What a wonderful weekend! Getting ready for snow...I can feel it in the air!!! It's going to be so beautiful! :)
I am feeling better, love. Thank you
Old lady with the dutchboy haircut, pink Crocs, pink capris, pink blouse, & $300 purse, rocking out to "Red, Red Wine," werk, girl.
I need to reorder hbo hope to glimpse and Love love love the real l word
This is bizarre spurs fans. I don't want a game 5
Change of plans :)
awe! Thanks Hannah <3
I used to live 2 houses from that bar knew the old owners and they told us. My roommate even went in the tunnel once.
hm.... perhaps. Maybe one day silly girls with low self-esteem like myself, will learn that those douches don't deserve us
Blushing....RT : you are so brilliant! Xo
stop playing fam , you know we the shit
When you started did you figure you be as big as you are right now?
Yes! I hate really girly covers on books that have reading appeal for both boys and girls.
In retrospect, maybe shouldn't have invested quite so much money in that interactive dinner theater adaptation of Human Centipede. #20/20
Glenn Shaheen, a contributor in our Fall 2011 issue, won the Agnes Lynn Starrett Prize for his poetry manuscript!
thank you Carol once again :-)
Are these average sex partners along all class lines or just a certain class(economic level)?
Today is Friday, that means Fish Fry!
They should work very well for your arches also.
I've been chosen to go on Celebrity Impersonator Rehab.
Bitches, Niggas, Who Were Your So Called Friends. Are the main that talk shit about You And They Claim They Real GTFOH. Be Trud To Yourself.
Beautiful/Decay makes me feel bad about myself in the best possible way.
BRING. ME.
That's why I feel we got away somewhat lucky. Otherwise we'd have Julio at CB and Paulo at D-mid in Chi.
Its fine by me, if you never leave. Oh its fine by me. .
Absolutely no blame on Smalling..just what the fuck were we thinking going in with that gameplan. surely not for a win.
Thanks for the #ffs and
yes I do star would u like to give me one ..stay shining
RT : do all the work 1st & then when U go through the proper channels i'll C U in the audition room. no shortcuts 2 acting
my heat looking soo good... bye bye Knicks !
How does it feel to love someone? So much and then it's gone </3 Next time don't use me instead of leading me on thinking we had something
hey you so cute mr man! :)
“: Where is everyone seeing this no booze after 6pm stuff I want proof” on my twitter. I started a problem.
I have a knot in my back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Ikr ": Had a long interesting conversation with we been in da sbb talking all damn morning"
columbus ohio.
No power... -_- well this sucks
Um... absolutely.
haha im like what you calling OJ for? lmfao
Damn I wish I won the lottery tho but I guess you gotta play to win.
It's Friday! Not sure what I'm doing but its going to be awesome
POTUS cracks a joke about women and the cost of dry-cleaning. How many men won't get it...
Watching criminal minds. W/ all the closing of streets and trains in this episode, I think about those poor people stuck on their commutes
It's about time those guys got a cut of the action!
baby girl I'm comin in tuesday night, cant wait to see you!
Congrats to Hunter Jaggard (Houston office) who closed Green Oak Pavilion in Houston, TX this week!
man cmon friday. all this damn alcohol has been burning a hole in my fridge. and my freezer. HURRY FRIDAY. DRINK THIS ALL MY PEOPLE
Just saw this. Maybe not, but they'd make a dent, enough to lessen cuts to valuable svcs.
oh well... Nothing we can do about it!
Damn Im bored!
Ok. I'm Not On Xbox Live So I Will Be On My IPod Touch All Day....
Everyone wishes they were Stan, then they could be a ratchetass bitch!
Foot fetish or Toy fetish?
No particular plans. Feels good to just get up and do whatever. Life is short.
How's this random dude pull up next to me asking can I find him weed. Hahaha
4 countries on two continents in under 24 hours. Personal record, I think.
Thanks for the plug in this issue of ! always love to see my name/pic in print! Haha
This will solve all the problems, for sure RT Chicago Blackhawks fire assistant coach Mike Haviland
when you can look someone in the eye and you dont feel a thing anymore.
they cut it off in the middle and some chick was caught singing at the top of her lungs lol
Making dinner.. Hanging with the family.. Out for drinks tonight... Twit pics to follow!
you can't DM someone who isn't following you.
A thunderstorm warning flashes across the a TV in military time.
Hows it going?! Thanks for following ;)
for the article? hahaha amazing. Gives the words so much more power.
please make a video of this :-D
It's May! :-) A pinch and a punch for the first day of the month! Also time for a new profile picture...
maybe the "ugh" could have some different pitches and tones?
my bad my phone been junk for real
Spring training kickoff party saturday as only we can do! Hosted by and !!!!
So.. I'm not at all surprised that the Mariners don't want another pro team moving in next door.
yes NYC is pretty cool. My big brother and his girlfriend work there he is a financial analyst and she works for J-Crew's
Great day at 's office w/ & #TeamGLMA is getting stronger every day! cc
what would sex in space be like ? :b
Learning about the Tricontinental Archive at
Glad you are excited! =) Thanks for the mention!
I'll be riding around #logansquare tomorrow on my bike taking photos. Any places you want me to hit up for ?
Just a research tool that loves Star Wars!
The ride through Camden is surprisingly scenic.
I googled it. Ha. :)
I'm family free. What's up?
Damn! #Ravens lost Mason, Heap, Gregg, McClain, Landry, Chester. What will they do?
Thanx for the motivation! This is my next step...
Great Friedrich Nietzsche quote!
about to enter my "clean up the house before the intern comes over" portion of the day.
follow me! I have a question for you.
#ThreeWordsForYou lemon, assonance, & protoplasm
Been there... It gets better.
hahah i know me too! :)) I should come to Coppell more often! And Mikayla said my butt looked good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Laziness is taking over my life
When someone retweets my tweets >>
It's a lot closer with in my reach then I think....
Nation building right here at home. AMEN
lol now I can be part of the iPhone club
Show today with a plea for purging, Monroe, and With His Blood. Come on out its going to be a solid show.
"She really is a bitch."
Hahahah omg aw no :( are you gonna go to the doctor to check it out??
An officer in Baltimore drove onto the sidewalk today hitting two pedestrians. Bad day for the cops (and victims) :(
Thanks for sharing our content!
Think about every application of your brand - what looks great on letterhead may not translate well to billboards.
cuz i "feel" like "IT"..why does it matter to "you"? ^_^
Yeah! Buy a Pepperoni, Cheese, Margherita, Taco or Hawaiian Pizza and get a second for FREE!! Just say "BOGO" to yr server before 6!
Bus/metro/bus/walk trip from Philly to Springfield, VA complete. Time: 5 hours. Cost: $17.60 (snacks not included).
check out this great blog www.itechnologyinfo.com for all you computer needs
Your flying dragon is a true testament to the power of small Biz in USA! I salute your efforts to infinity and beyond.
Changing out the flavor right before Thanksgiving here at Porter Square, come try the new cereal inspired Cinnamon Toast Crunch flavor!
Do Mahomies Ever Come Up To You When Your Like At Any Store?!
She needs a promotion !
happy birthday:D
Yes sir thats what I'm here for!
your the wizard, wizard
The Palms Place Is Where Its At
omg!! three days untill san francisco
No. Bacon was the original meat, later switched to the more economical choice of corn beef.
How long before Red Sox ownership starts begging Terry Francona to come back? That would be the Hail Mary of Hail Mary plays.
CURRY on over and Get Curried Away!!! Lakeview & the Loop await your arrival or you can order in!!!
Stand up tonight .....
When are you going to be in town? I'll buy you a beer. Of course I'll let you know when the show is!
I did at some point last night, surprised he won that big, he's heavily favored to take the seat in November
Life is great. Happy Tuesday. Wednesday now. Fuck it
#UKHateWeek livin in Orlando I can attest to the fact that #gatornation has no real passion for basketball. Go
Lost 8 lbs since Saturday
Basketball Business Education now that is a PHD that I want!!!
About to hit Sound Check with the LIVEST BAND (Urban Seeds). Got some peeps comin thru! FUN!!! :)
some a tin. Conjuguemos?
Proud to be a #tarheel today. Way to hang tough guys.
Rising and grinding at 6am.
Yes I did! RT : Did you open it w/ a QuickClick? RT : Painted Hills steak tacos & 2009 Wilderness.
on my way to his house...let's hope things go better tonight than last night.
looks like it was missent and is somewhere in Texas, but not at my house yet. Assuming tomorrow or Monday
Hello new followers :)
Let me know if you want another quitters-sporting drinker to pop over and eat whatever you're mixing.
can't let lil stuff get the best of me
Listening to Morcheeba...
Looks like the Carlsbad Marathon is gonna be a wee bit WET this year!
live in the mix tonight at san martin!!! gonna be a fun debut!! all teens come out!!
If she's the kind of girl you'll go overseas to see or meet & she do the same 4 u hold on 2 her
lmao story of my life
I know who to blame when one of those boys grows up to be a faggot!
Web 1.0 gave us a wide range of resources that meant we didn't have to carry around certain types of realia
If I had money left after paying alimony & child support I would pay ppl to randomly txt my ex-wife and fuck with her..ne1 wanna do it free?
A no-vocal preview of our new song "T.O.G.T.F.O" is up on our facebook! SPAM THAT SHIT >:U
She's the best in the whole wide world, he said stretching his arms as far apart as possible.
nah, you'll have to bring it back just to use it. Or actually you could use the moniker for your NuDisco persona.
Looking at instrument today new miczz
RT : Congratulations to liberals; you've become as awful as 1950's conservatives when it comes to policing the language. What...
How are our Rochester Tweeps doing this week? Good we hope :)
How can you be a top 100 player of all-time and not be in the HOF? Let's make this right this year.
Agreed. Album of the Year?? RT : #StrangeClouds is so so good. B.o.B is one of my favorites right now.
XRT in Downtown LA is the hot new school! Just went to an industry event there with John Stamos...awesome!
Playing a game of battleship would be more fun than watching the movie battleship
@ We do support court reporters but not the incompetent ones. The article is a must read for all CRs.
fine. I couldn't play volleyball today . It's like my body forgot how to
Ha! I was going to aak him to RT you but I was trying to think of a good sob story!!
: not 'why FB dominant now?'; more 'FB dominant now, so effects of its format/structure amplified; sig?'
Had two days off in Cape Town. Fully recharged and ready to continue the tour today!
bored at home lol
:p wow...you got a lot darker since religion....:p
RIP Mr. Nick Ashford. Gone too soon.
That is Lop.
Car got picked up tomorrow, should be here sometime next week!... So excited!... Back in bizz-nezz <3
Sometimes I stay up late just waiting for something good/fun to happen, so the day ends on a good note.
#ibmimpact Love to have you. If you visit they can give you a discount card/code to get one.
me too!
It's easier to be in awe of where we've been & where we can go next when we're just back from Italy. Hope it was wonderful!
Friday's 1pm User Group Session features Our Lady of the Lake College's myCampus Portal. Email to register today
Wanna paint sumthin!!!!
Snow? What snow? Ice? What ice? We've got "Angel Wings!" Join us at 3p for Julian Oquendo's reading Only $5!
If the front of your car says 'DODGE', do you really need a horn?
just get YOUR mom to do it.
Had to switch my position to the car !! Much better sound.
It was cold den a bitch tonight lol and its raining - bad combination lol
your gas bill that is due shortly will bring that happiness down..lol
lmao wateva u and I both know that's a lie
Another successful show! Looking forward to next week!! :)
please holy mary, I pray to you to help me act in your grace everyday of my life
Quality park time with Henry and cousin Jack....why don't they have swings for people my size?!?
I love to Tweet. I love peanut butter too. Just thought I would say because ... You know.
Pee yoo. Stinks like skunks.
Who's heading to Turner Hall tonight for YO! MKE?
where u be
Family coming in from Oregon and it's raining in LA.
Fall Thur Bro N I'm on the Grill
LOL, sorry, I couldn't help myself.
feel better. Big Bob left northwestern hosp today after 8 days He left 1/3 of his lung at NW. Spirts up due to your tweet.
hahah man I forgot about that.
Atty Wendy Murphy on the new alimony reform law: This strikes me as a 'kill the grasshopper w/ an elephant' kind of a change. It's barberic
What's your favorite pasta dish?
Happy Birthday!!!
#Gophers looked like a terrible team tonight. I'm well aware of what that says about Wisconsin, but a fantastic finish for
At Cosmo for Pa's birthday lunch!
Next week friday, goin back too my cuz too finish off that beat- for sure !.
cool poster! I need it for my wall!
so I guess that was the top of his head we were feeling yesterday? :-/
some info on what?
hahaha. Prime example of our conversation last night.
my throat hurts so bad. :(
yea so bye bye
Just remember: there is definitely such a thing as human progress and it is linear and things are getting better all the time for everybody.
sounds awesome. I do love me some pork.
Your C-mas cards were awesome! Christmas puns are my fave. <3
Hey Alexis! Thanks for the follow. How’s your day going?
#ces #kap2012 - Piaget "to understand is to invent." Don't throw info at kids; help them identify and apply elements and tools
Thank you Icey and I hope all is well. Send me some trip packages and I will make sure they are spread across CI's network. Thank u
I know what Stauffer, Luebke, Richard, Moseley, Bass bring to table & it doesn't include being headcase.
Pretty sure I just saw Lauren Conrad here at USC. Weird
like 830 in the morning? ill politely decline
you do sexy so well! and we can shop while on facebook? love it!
follow racheal on twitter
Can't find him now. I blame everyone.
Dear , u need to come to Atlanta, GA !!! We all love u here!! Love always - Sara. ps you would make my life if you follow me
French presidential rivals race to seduce Le Pen voters
Happy #Festivus to everyone out there. Stay safe this weekend.
how do you know I like a bigass? Lol
I Dident fall for you you triped me...
": RT : Committed to The University of Southern California"good luck to him hope we kick there asses all 4 years
Wish I could be there! Kill it! ;-) "Playing w/ Salvador Santana 3/1 (TONIGHT!!) @ The Cellar Door in Visalia, CA!
Got an offer... deal or no deal?
Someone 14 year old just said they smoked and they drank. Then they proceeded to say they were more mature then others. Really?
Goucher students (and everyone else!): don't forget to vote!
The world of Warcraft episode of South Park has to be the best South Park episode yet..
Uh seriously? You don't take a hint? You keep calling me and annoying me. God leave me alone:/
please keep us posted on the appt
Who do you think is best dressed at the Golden Globe's tonight?! Everyone looks so fabulous!
yea :) lol I'm liking your spanish skills. Its "High heels RED DRESS" ;D
what's the conflict?
i know hope interview goes well or went well
Ok my iPod is all reassembled and everything seems to be working including my previously broken ear plug. Yea!
I can do some crazy shit with my eyes closed... soaring...
Sittin at ma bro hz hot af# AC TYME
Don't treat me any differently than you would the Queen.
I just really really REALLY hope I'm just over exaggerating and over thinking everything and none of it's true.
I love
Great Blog post! Thanks from the teamakers.
ridicules! Why? Nothing about his core has shifted He is fed up with the BS of the SD R-party. They are out of touch!!!
literally have been laying out the newspaper for 7 hours...what i learned today: bequeathment is the best word ever. martha neal misses you.
Thanks to all who attended our dinner w/Tony Kushner last night at the Hilton. We are so grateful for your support.
dream nite club tonight 17139 shaefer off w.6MILE $5 entry..... Then to HQ for Z-Nasty party
yeah good seeing you.
Looking forward to tonight!
haha cause I saw his status and he was like I have haters blah blah blah
I hate how some people brag about how many times they met Austin, Alex, Robert etc.
RT : When it comes to social media ppl want to tell their stories says on w/
I just got engaged to !!! We are celebrating at tonight!! So happy!
Get your Tropical Addiction fix tonight at Sutra Lounge with the best Soca, Dancehall, and Caribbean DJ's all night long!
Man I love Halloween best time of the year!<3
jew, too!
56 likes! wow! like 4 an edit
I mean THERE
well yea but im so glad wer not having it!!
slimgoodie!from the underground!to the mainstream!
psycho! Sad some people like that choose to be such idiots. :-P
I'll add your friend to. Send me his gamertag there are still openings
damn son, good thing u don't have to do some geddy lee shit!!
RT : RT : Lobo women advance with win over Wyoming
Now to the Hampden Community Council meeting. I'm going to be up all night writing.
I'm the fiber of the art world.
Maybe that's what he intended with those accent marks: either sultry inhale or giggle -- performer's choice!
is a sponsor of tonight's event feat. comp. Magic Hat @ Wandos from 6-8pm. Follow them to know what's going on in
shout out to those with the opportunity to come up, and to those who dont... i got you
When things go wrong, don't stress. Look at the situation and strategize.
Hitting an underground line could lead to a big fine
Anyone who has never really loved has never really lived
Happy mothers day to all all girlfriends love ya all ! It ain't easy lmfao .
NUTELLA all day er day :)
good luck!!! I enjoyed watchin you play ball. You have talent like no other:) huge inspiration to me
RT : Do we ban pencils in school because some kids use them to write obscenities on bathroom walls?
Dinner with my love <3 #TexasdeBrazil has the best food I've ever tasted. M :)
On our way to sword fish studios to finish our first record!!!!
Who me?! Going to be a great week and wine fest! ": is one of #colwineweek 's biggest rock stars."
The Lord does not look at the things people look at. People look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart. 1 Samuel 16:7
i wander what it willbe like if i was i guy because im always in my brother's room 24\7 lol
If you write a bestselling book on failure have you proved your point?
what websites do you go to find new music/new releases/new bands/ reviews/all your music needs ?
Business class!? Oh yup.
It all belongs 2 me
It's over.
thank you. I actually needed that! Just have to work hard and keep my mind focused. I'll get there, it just takes time =)
well, I have to think about it. Yes, I forgive you! How could I not! Those eyes are my kryptonite.
hush up u scared anyways u already now
Let me stress how excited I am to see Dianne Reeves perform tonight!!!:)
be careful on that motorcycle okay? i love you. stay safe .
Tebben speaking. Multiple pathways. Framing a research agenda for continued improvement of learning.
really? Well I'll be anticipating that! Ha. Thanks so much!
the kitty is so cute I might just get into all kinds of trouble to have him
just school
Oldheads know everything
Fun! RT : Tweet Up w/ 11/23 from 5-6 p.m. say Magazine and get a free pickle back.
i need some serious motivation to study for this APUSH exam.
I wish I could proudly stay I'm taken...but im not -.-
how did this turn out for you?? SPILL!
THURS HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEER, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm! GET HERE!
Survived my first yoga class post shoulder surgery...great morning with !
simple solution to Thursday games: teams have their bye the week before their Thu game
About to kick it with <U+E32A>
RT #ThatOneGirlWho gives the best advice b/c she tells it like it is.
R Kelly caught the Holy Ghost
sad to leave london, but ready for the next adventure.
Lmao I didn't even go to sleep until 2am last night. Maybe nobody will notice
Hi! How do you book your comics for your Wednesday night Get it Out there show. I am a stand up comic!
just studying for exams and going to a concert tonight!
A friend of mine just lost her father to cancer. So sad. :(
thanks for the plug!
interesting project, Franklin Knight is a great scholar of Spanish-speaking Caribbean.
Taking off to NYC !
Nice! U Got new tunes? We still rock yr tape we got las year RT : Looking.forward to new and
Don't always be so negative saying 'I'm not gonna make it, I'm not gonna make it ' keep things positive saying 'I will fail, I will fail
Looks like the perfect day to sneak out of work early & start celebrating the holiday weekend! Come down to Tia's for great drinks and food!
We feel the need for there to be a point of our existence; how we choose to give it meaning is the ? For the good of all or selfish greed
enjoy camera click or better weather, but lower the volume so you don't wake up everyone ;)
Hey! Yeah, she was the best, wasn't she? I asked a million questions and she never got annoyed with me. Miss her.
Weekly Wrap: Mac tips and tricks, cool new accessories, and plenty more
Ya need to go to to watch the #Cats n #Cards. Best TV selection in the city n Ron Mercer and Derek Anderson will be there.
In Seattle son
go back to your little hole in the wilderness -_____-
The sweet sound of rain in a dark room...
My phone got fixed!!! Im soo happy im using it now!
yippee to you! if you give out love and goodness, it comes back to you...
Whats meant to be will always find a way.
Hoohka orange mint nice
Looking for grown-up Halloween festivities? Come to The Bakken's MONSTER MASH on October 28th. More info: www.thebakken.org/monstermash.html
Can't wait for Thursday!
Check out the comedy RAFTA, RAFTA… Use code: Bollywood and save $10.00 per ticket. www.TheOldGlobe.org
lolol did i sound like a cornball!!!
Hated by many, Confronted by NONE.
my cooking curiosity's been reignited by the doughnut project and the acquisition of a smoker. (wait, what do i do with a smoker?)
you can shaadduup here too! Ha
iono we don't have a date yet waiting to finish it 1st
in class (:
Shout out to new followers
Team 2 with is cleaning the area around gtown cup cake
Test kitchen appliances, review the latest trends in kitchen ware, find entertaining ideas, taste the newest gourmet foods and more!
I can't wait to see you June 12 - June 14 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Pinnacle Airlines CEO Stepping Down
"Don't learn to hate yourself, learn to love yourself."<3
#FollowFriday we love
5 Tips for Branding Your Business on Twitter
sixers do the same thing, don't understand it
Happy birthday to ! To celebrate, and I will take you to Ruby Tuesday's and give you sips of our drinks.
Go hard it go home
I tweet therefor I am.
The dunk contest needs resurrection!!#
Check out our Shop Helmet City tab. Get great gift ideas and browse our great selection of helmets and gear without ever leaving facebook!
Sexting is so yesterday, a Twittergy is where the action is.
Girls that call themselves bitches, but say they have class? Umm yeah... Lol we definitely live in a terrible generation.
Peach Ciroc....new dress.
#4famouswords "you got the job"
#xfactor! Please, show me singing Lady Gaga!
National Look Up At The Sky Day, The sky is the part of the atmosphere or of outer space visible from the surface of any astronomical object
Good luck in tonight's SBANE Innovation Awards- your mission & retailing epitomizes INNOVATION! See you there
Hey! Thank you. Were you at the #WOMMA conference in Las Vegas recently? Also love , sparkling water and adventures. :)
Repeated crunches rounds the spine + may cause a herniate disc. Planks + side planks work the abs more! Train smart, ditch the crunches.
omg omg I'm so excited :D I can't wait!!
I miss you too!!!! We need to hang out soon. Hope you're enjoying Portland! So mad I'm not there!
i wldn't ignore u
boo boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> I love you so much
way to go girl! Play ball!
Only people 35 and older still have Real Alarm Clocks.. Everybody else uses they Cellphone!
“: Melo showing heart and guts but we are gonna lose him for the season if he hurts his groin more! get him out of this game!!”
my votes for #NextFavoriteSong : "Stay" from & "Hallelujah" from #EveSelis -both FABulous!!!
Welp nothing right now
Closet cleaned out... mostly... ran out of bags to put stuff in!!
anytime is fine really I just got home
I just put a hold on it at the library. Thanks!
yeah I really should..are you a Harry potter fan?
Will do!
wat up twitter world ya boi going to da game today well hopefully da jaguars win i said hopefully lol#letsgojags!
Yo who wanna follow next 10 followers will receive a follow back
Coming up at about 945am - Rookie of the Month on - tune in!
WOO-HOO! what a week so far. TGI Whiskey Wednesday! $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys + get a plate of ribs w/baked potato 4 only $7!
hey. Didn't see this reply. Nice to meet you too.
#AGirlDeserves a real More Than This video as promised not a clip from the tour
RT “: An elderly man has returned cash he stole from Sears in the 40s. It was Sears' most profitable day since the 40s.”
Especially at our reference desk which is in an area so loud we can't always hear the phone ring.
you guys stay strong and keep faith! Y'all played great! Everyone have to be strong! Pray for drose return!
Where's that?
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Happy Earth Day!! It is sunny in Seattle, this is probably the most magical day ever.
well shit just got depressing
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful outcome
what, Maverick?
I'm getting jealous. :)
Roberts on storytelling: "I had been traveling an emotional path, unpacking the boxes of my life."
So ready to just
jack white needs to learn how to laugh at himself...or the rest of us will do it for him. Palpable discomfort.
We start rehearsals tonight for Vatzlav by Slawomir Mrozek.Could you give up three hours a night five days a week to tell a story six times?
Have been working my booty off since the start of 2012.... looking forward to #SpringBreak already! Hoping March ends soon!
Half my reading these days involves $&/@! Thomas or Lightning McQueen. Low bar.
I make one year April 5!
if you ain't talking bout graduating , getting a job , college or a career then get tf outta my face .
#TeamHank Tip: These days, cameras are everywhere, so pics of you doing something stupid at Spring Break are gonna show up on the internet.
Nicole just had to make practice the days I'm outta town -__-
Lol From where? Stop RT : lmao you was can't even stunt but cuz buy me them brons from IG lol
Would I get in trouble if I wore a bikini top and thong to the Indy state fair? Imagine what that would be like... Lol :]
I half-heartedly tried to rally a few people to make the voyage to the gorge but it didnt pan out- its a pretty expensive trip!
he has tweeted me a bunch of times already + he follows me #swag ;D <333 and thanks :)
We usually have 90-100 on the webinars. Target is senior decision-maker involved with marketing from member companies.
I agree! : I miss Frank White!
Though you do offer some killer drams.
Coffee and a cig.
Lots of amazing things happening this week!!!
RT from Iran: email your local or national news ask for more coverage on our situation we upload videos 2 youtube
Increasing joblessness and higher fuel costs are drawing students towards online college degrees. Lean on us for assured assistance...
jokes are only funny if they are offensive.
i like that snuggie he got on tho lol
24 days till Urban Noise: Winter Fest at Brooklyn Bowl! - are you ready!?
So what would the car alarm lyrics be if the car alarm was on the rickety van???
damn bro ..
A drive from San Francisco to Seattle and three 12-hour-days later, a cask IPA kickin off a chill weekend is welcome and deserved. Cheers!
Finally finished reconciling inventories for the night. Lots more equipment to go. :-/
"Come on Man" is useful for so much more than football.
I could use it pre-everything (; hahah
do you work there?
The network that handles the AMAs seem to have a rather short sighted view of things seeing there is Modern Family on the
Thanks!! We have a great staff who know just what books to put out.
one of my favorite shows on tv
Spin class was great! I'm soaking wet.
Watching Indiana Jones & the Temple of Doom, haven't seen it in years. Didn't realize how politically incorrect it was.
this for RTs
Will do!
I can't wait for the summer for all those videos! <3
"Spaghetti can be most successfully eaten by inhaling it like a vacuum cleaner." ~Sophia Lauren
HEHEHHE but it's payback because you make me a mess all the time!!!!!
i swear ill do anything that i have to til i forget about you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm starting to get the impression I'm the only person who hasn't seen Avengers yet.
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanTalkToYou, I'd rather get pissed on by R.kelley
Hee hee! RT My girlfriend lost her GUI and I had to console her
Rip Dick Clark, New Years Rockin Eve wont be same without you!
Can't wait to show you! :)
Happy hump day!! I hope everyone is keeping it positive to get through the week! :)
well i now know yoi! thank you OMEGLE! (:
My DD2.5's fav things are hair clips, brushes, nail polish and shoes. WHERE does she get that from? If you knew me well you would know.
These printers once mainly favoured by the business community have now become affordable to the ordinary guy on the street
Wow. Its not even 10 and I'm already riding the emotional roller coaster.
how is your day today??
Happy Thanksgiving - May your travels be safe and your bellies be full of great food and good drink.
"You're killin' me, smalls." RT : What is your favorite baseball film?
The "Become a social media expert" HootSuite ad that served for me made that even better.
That moment when you said something would happen and it does. It makes me feel like
I'm in the Sunshine State! ...and now have a new appreciation for CA drivers!!!
Weaver could pass as Kurt cobain?
"Boys you can brake, find out how much they can take, Boys become nothinq, without her qood, qood heart."-- John Mayer <33
So glad I got my final paper of the semester turned in today! Now my mind is off school and on Europe... Can't wait for Monday!
Students are preparing for their Holiday Party. Silly Sweaters and Pajama Pants themed, interesting.
RT : if yall make ur subs any more delicious I might go sub-etarian for life! «-dont threaten us w/a good time!
Sure thing, shoot me an email at and we'll see how to get you involved!
We hope everyone had an enjoyable and safe Labor Day weekend!
Have you ever interviewed for a job in the U.S. while studying abroad? What's the secret to getting hired?
Heritage Awareness Diving Seminar #HADS begins in St Pete at Fish and Wildlife Research Institute
Repositioning to a crash involving a school bus in Beaverton
I come on Sunday ..My plans changed
Great day at Nam Knights Pig Roast. Already looking forward to next year! Congratulations to our new chick, Katy! Now she needs a name...
yea sorry.
Watching a movie with my parents
We have entered the the Social Media Madness competition! Voting starts June 1st. Wish us luck!
#wmata red line broke again. This is why I work from home
Omg this pain >_~
light skin is better
Good job by the #Celtics to pull out a win even though they didn't play well. That bodes well for the rest of the series.
Last special performance by du Soleil starts 4:45 hall 8b #drupa then happy hour! Join us & bring your friends
Who's cruel idea was it to put the letter 's' in the word lisp?
Please follow to learn more about #job opportunities, recruiting/staffing trends, and to join in our discussions about #jobs!
I'm sure I can!
flex play Mario Manningham or Cadillac Williams?
RT : RT : Whoever blocking your #blessings, YOU need to block out of your life. #livistithramblings, <thx 4 RT
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
Thanks ! You make our knees wobble
im wondering if you have a skype ? :)
Double points all day and $4.95 lunch specials w/beverage purchase will keep you and your wallet happy!
when did Matt grow a giant uni-brow?
thank u!!
I'm in....can you talk Dad into it on Sunday :)
Nothing like a summer thunderstorm in December.
for sure should have had on his show eons ago !
I could write a great book
Personally I think you are playing way too many matches. Not sure how you can cap this many games in all of these leagues.
my guess is #49ers but other than idk!
Philadelphia Eagles to retire Brian Dawkins&#39; jersey No. 20
Great day no ap euro, and first day of swim practice was really great
if she's your wife, it doesn't count as stalking.
rip davy jones!
. whatever, hater. like you've never made a grammar mistake before . -__-
On a scale of 1-10 on how ridiculous tonight is we're at a solid 11 maybe 12. Even when Rush Hour is dead it never disappoints.
We are mimosa'd out! We love #Brunch! Thanks Papasitos!
I thought AR points were due Monday. I was up until 2 o' clock in the morning for nothing?!!
The Bates family got the hero edit tonight. No crying, no tantrums. Network notes were showing all over that show tonight.
Went to the young artist awards with my little sister
I appreciate your friendship and professional support. It will be pleasure to support true integrity. Peace
May the Fourth be with you.
Where my #graytness at?!!? Miss his sexy ass... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
good night!!.. lol
Upper West Side.
i hate havin a cold. it sucks. nd do u love the shoutout? has anyone new followed you? jordan is watchin tv. bum.
Happy Women's History Month!
Please take a moment today to remember all those who suffered, fought, & died during the Holocaust. Am Yisrael Chai
RT “Imagine your #BHAG; write down all the things that it will take to get there. Start doing them. It won’t go perfectly.”
haha yeah diff Jake. Thanks for checking us out!
Christmas is almost here --- Seasons Greetings to everyone!
Late night at office, pouring rain out& need to get home... to the rescue. I'm officially obsessed with this service.
Thanks for your offer. Unfortunately, we don't use models, so we won't be needing to drop dress sizes.
This is a season of new expressions. Be bold in this season.
i love u:)
Good bumping into my best partner ever!!! Sending you lots of love... and some white noise...; )
Lol! I'd like to see u try. Give me 150k and I'm in there to the death, ya heard! haha
give em a big ol' knuckle samich <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Joining the gym today! woot.
I think you are great, love your advice video
Huge announcement by the Fed to keep interest rates low, great news for the commercial real estate market
I got it all figured out ... Miami for 4th of July !!
The zoo is a pretty safe place to fart.
sounds good
*eyes slowly narrowing* One would think you're begging for punishment, Ms. Barbara.
Hey Ms. it was reschedule, I'll get back to you on the date.
I'll admit u got me :P but we'll so get u back!
well they dont have a shirt for that ...
when i want you you do not want me .. but when you want me shame i dont want you :)
Did u want to see somethine
I'm glad your gone for the next two weeks.
what the hell ate yall talkng about?!?!?
yes! Finally i feel better lol!
weather and noise
City have been dominating possession and gotten way more looks, a goal was bound to come. United will have to step up 2nd half
Thank you I really appreciate the lead ... I will conduct the research and see if it is good fit.. Have a wonderful day ... Peace
Don't forget to stay hydrated this summer. 5 glasses of alkaline water per day should keep the body healthier and hydrated.
You know it's an oversight if a Michigan fan like me thinks it's wrong that Draymond Green didn't make One Shining Moment.
On my way back from Dartmouth; email me if you're free 4 a cocktail tonight:
Social and mobile are connective tissues. ~ Kate Stanford
What exactly are you updating?
Thank you for sharing blog with your followers!
why dont you ever tweet about twooping or fapping anymore?
they caught you thug ! :O
When I get off tonight I'm going straight home and sleeping.
Death Cab for Cutie Codes & Keys is excellent.
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue Retweet this tweet if Hebron Troll blocked you too
Carlyle Counts on Trader Petrick to Broaden IPO&#39;s Appeal
I'm about to call Goofy azz and see what they talking about.... #BowWow always lol
Bro adminstration tried to take my snapback when clipped on my belt they must be out they rabbit ass mind.
Great. Multi room DVR isn't working. Now I have hours of quality time on the phone with to look forward to.
Last night as I laid in my bed, I thought "I need to say something clever for Twitter". This is what i half consciously came up with...
so mean! Hey let me come to the childish gambino concert with you guys.! Hahah
if a bitch fuck around I might go off.
yeah, i got two tickets. they definitely sold out quick!
why'd you say Sam?
sounds like a wonderful trip! Are we meeting this week or next?
I hate when i solve all the games and puzzles on the back of the cereal box during my first bowl,
Shots To The Driver Side. That Mean The Driver Died. Car Crashed & Killed The Passenger, Double Homicide.
The not so obvious way is that we make things informational. Things become markers of their time simply by nature of being.
A snapshot of today’s homebuyers: 1/3 1st time buyers, 1/3 homeowners looking to sell so they can move up or downsize. 1/3 cash investors
home sweet home!
RT : When I hear about a "new, more sophisticated underwear bomb" I think, Wow! The world has changed.
There will be a service today pm Boulder City Vet Mem Cemetery for Bill Lee, father of Tammy Lee, fiance of Darrell Rall.
Mark Deklin! How the heck are ya? Miss seeing your shining self around! We had some great talks:) Bummer about GCB huh :(
Making new tracks for a few recording artists, who needs some?
I fell asleep lastnight like a little fag. #nonono #iloveyou (:
No employee no success. Don't ever forget that.
your welcome! ROFL!!!
I hope my gift is awesome
Im already thinking about my next #paleo meal. I'm living the dream. Working out and eating #paleodiet. I think I wear it well.
ma man (8
THE THESIS IS OFFICIALLY COMPLETE! (74 pages, 19,977 words and 1 year of my life!)
I know, right? Ore-Ida they're not!
"I wanted to tell the stories of the 1960s. It's very special to me" about "American People" series
S/O to pretty girl follow her she the best
“: Standing in line waiting to get tickets to watch new film "Good Deeds" nothing like catching a matinee," yes
yeah:) and Andy from tap <3
On the way to chicago!
Been on the grind hard!!! Gotta get myself some rest and relaxation soon!!!
no its the same one...so you go put it off on me lol
went from 105 2 106 love u guys i made my goal and now 2 follow random people
Soul dude Sly Stone (Everyday People) who was the frontman for Sly & the Family Stone now lives in a white van on the streets of L.A. Sad.
so who ya team??? O yea the Bobcats!!
#crrunconf I want examples of community media centers that are working
TONITE All Star Saturdays @ ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB! 3 Different Levels & 3 Different Vibes!PACKED PARTY Every SATURDAY
does won ton soup help you sleep?
watching the lakers game wit the fam
Big day today. Shooting this morning, hanging with my baby afterwards. And 2 dogs to entertain now. Aunt Sassy has come to stay for a week!
Happy Mother's Day, Mom. You put up with more insanity in a week than most should in a lifetime.
WHITNEY MIX!
Does anyone watch Bad Girls Club?
Just upgraded to "Blast" Internet service. Looking forward to the speed bump, currently 20Mpbs down & 3.3 up.
A good creative director will ask why long before asking how.
when I tried to look at the picture, my phone said cannot load. Im guessing from a hot-ness overload?
Boston loves what you do!! Keep up the good work and keep believing!! Follow us back?
you're a
I want to play a worldwide game of hide and go seek.
Goin fuck the college party world up this summer!!! ...........
so got a shake. Chocolate. Of course.
#Thingsthatturnmeoff people who have no sense of family
Name a major biz or civic leader in #Boston now who ISN'T somehow connected to #MayorWhite #WhiteAdministration #bospoli. Amazing tenure.
Need details!!
Yes Lebron, put that headband back on!!!!
Alright...I'm out here. Time to go home and chill! Is it Friday yet?
"We win when we design SYSTEMS" Coke's David Butler at
I need to get hi ass hell n watch me sum movies whn I get off !
“: Real men & women commit, remain faithful & honor their relationship.”
Until GT comes out RT : Max Payne 3 is probably the best action shooter I have ever played. did good!
What I find interesting: what parents have to do when the adult kids refuse to move out. That's what my story is on.
Just hope it isnt dark when you leave!
Today I designed a new #recycled record album bag and sent out several copies of my book about #cancer. I feel torn but happy.
Big ups to the ladies of NU hockey #beanpotchamps must be nice
Dogs think they're people. Cats think they are Gods.:)
Hate the bam, love the man and his food. Saving that one, thanks.
snow's coming, and chili's on!
totally agree
Promotional Flyer @ Facebook (Mnemonic posters, metronome sentences, and oral drill pics)
Gonna write a song? Write that song about good times.
Clarity affords focus.
It's kind of amazing that I gave up Twitter for (most of) Lent and now I don't go on it as much. I'm sure we can blame grad school for that
Got into it w/ some big black women at K-Mart . Ah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> wtf !
- Thanks for the blog mention!
Another link test.
can you say pocket dial? That was a great conversation you were having dude!
The almighty cricket phone has perished
(still not talking) :p
I knew I was missing something!
U MADE HER SMILE
yea yea
Big guys putting a hold on foreclosures for the Holidays...deep sigh for alot of families
<U+266B> Sgt. Pepper's lonely, Sgt. Pepper's lonely, Sgt. Pepper's lonely, Sgt. Pepper is lonely.
no kidding.
Me & coach bev have ALOT to talk about ..
Thanks for the kind words!
telling us results vary #wherecamptb2012 with community mapping efforts.
It just dropped at An Tua Nua. Bar went from 0 to 60 in a few minutes!
Thank you!!! <3 Sure hope so--- lots of work to price everything and organize it. ;-)
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Crocs: saving virginity since forever.
follow back(:
thats good,and ill DM u its to long to write in a tweet ok!
Shop with Healthy Hair by Racheal products.www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.comNeed beautiful silky soft hair
We are not getting to our Veterans soon enough. Huge transition. We must do a better job.
via Securenet Systems Radio Playlist Update
love carrots - i have a delicious carrot cake recipe i'll be posting to my new blog soon. It is a hit!!
Happy Easter
duh bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
I can't watch this game. Neither of these teams deserve to be here this year.
It would've been a good day to write music...maybe I still will #rainingcats&dogs
Thanks. I appreciate it!
no tweets all day I'm <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
The older I get, the more Idiocracy seems less fiction and more future.
Have faith! : Come on Cuse... Don't let Wisconsin back in this!!!
Waiting for the doc...
Our services are reasonably priced and governed by the level of service required
haha i dont judge trust me
Is watching kids rock out at the Guy Baxter fashion week party in Los Angeles
Have you been to China recently? :) I am starting to getting spam from Cory via DM.
That amazing feeling you get after taking off a sports bra you've been wearing for 6 hours
Happy Birthday Kev! Enjoy
please reply or follow. Love you , you are such an inspiration (:
Dear universe, I thought we had a deal. Thanks for being an asshole. XOXO Jose.
Are you a Yelp fan? Make sure you use your yelp app and check in to claim your deal!
Since when did Canada get talent? Which Americans moved up there? :P
followed you.. Follow me back??
One of the best episodes of the season last night. Back to basics. More of that please.
Tired almost time to leave
Love Rice but Arian Foster is the better back; give Ray a comparable contract for how much he means to offense.
I want some supremes with fries and honey sauce !!.
I know you think iam childish . But I will trying harder for solve it . Don't judge me please .
Would you like to be covered by Tech Cocktail?
Please tell me you conclude all creative presentations with "dunDunDUNN!" (cc: )
not a tie wins(:
"It's a shot in the dark aimed right at my throat/Looking for heaven found the devil in me/Well what the hell I'm gonna let it happen to me"
shit I do too they're milk favorite cookie ya know lol
yaaaay :) you will make my day!
i've had my ipad for over an month and still haven't opened the box
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear. ..
I use self service checkouts to avoid human interaction. -.-
A flatter stomach creates a smaller waistline = a better fitting suit
After this week Damon Thompson just got added to my favorite preacher list.
I'm graduating with the class if 2012.. Aha soo??? Lmaaoo.
"Sell Your Cleverness & Buy Bewilderment" - Rumi
Thanks to & for following!
LOl yes, beer too :)
phone transfer to second floor.
why is it that the hardest decisions in life, R often the best ones for us
"A zombie walks into a bar...that's it, he just does, cause he's not too smart." ...courtesy of Psycho Suzi's Motor Lounge.
Can someone give me the number to vote for mos wanted, RNG, and 8 flavahz? I'll love you foreverr
Giants running up score on #dirtybirds. Cue crying an whining.
thank you for the follow
Gay and racially insensitive.
Man I'm exhausted..whatta night skins ftw!
Bend with your knees...not with your back! ; )
drinking the Twitter Kool-Aide =) I like it. Welcome!
How goes it today?
I cleaned my entire house and reorganized my room. Best part? I'm blasting the Lizzie McGuire Movie soundtrack.
appreciate the rec. Remember, ALWAYS know your status, and very importantly, your PARTNERS status - BEFORE activity takes place.
If You Have A Gift, Talent Use It For GOOD Not Bad.. You Were Made For Good..
After reading so many zodiac tweets, I'm a definite #Aquarius. And proud of it ;)
Buy any 5 packets of lotions and receive a FREE high pressure tan!
The quality of friendships is more important than the quantity of friends. ~ A.D. Williams
Holy feces!!! My wife hates beer and loves the bromigo. Not sure what that means
Great day today. Even had my favorite cake.
They might say hi, and I might say hey, but you shouldn't worry. About what they say. Cause they got nothin' on you baby.
So excited to start writing for my fourth album!!!! :D This time there's NO holding back..
“God answers in 3 ways:he says yes & gives you what you want, he says no & gives you something better, or he says wait & gives you the best”
it's like "u" but " Mu" lolololol
I am proud of YOU! I can't wait to see all the fun videos and the plans for mobile!
I'm not yelling. I don't yell. I talk with passion.
try Google Hangouts
Live. Love. Work.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. – Vidal Sassoon
At the gala, speaking shortly. These young men are amazing..and sing at many of our events. Cc:
Hey thanks for signing up for the #atthack Education in Palo Alto. Can't wait to meet you :)
Hahaha. That worked! :)
Happy Monday Twitter friends happy Monday
I just saw a lady try to put a wristlet over her shoulder, something Harry would do.
at home trying 2 find a JOB BUT NO TYPE OF LUCK... where u been
sum wrong with you!
I am interested in this brewery and this beer!
Grateful for the onslaught of custom t-shirt orders this past week!! Thanks guys! We can take care of you too. Hit us!
Everyone is saying that but I just don't agree.
Madness that a little family video could earn that much hey!?
no but really... who are you.
I got a little money for my birthday, so - naturally - I can't wait to spend it on new underwear.
follow and !
i hear the rain...on my window pane
. Dont worry dave toub will just make us a new pro bowl special teamer, the theyll go to BAL in a few years
#awkwardmoment when you fart and laugh at the same Time
Didn't need the evg sports news 2know #NASCAR is in #RVA! Welcome race fans!
Its true!
Oy vey! Wearing bra that lets everyone know when I'm cold. Can a get a "what what" from all the la-la-la-ladies who know what I'm saying
Hey fans will be giving away a pair of tix to Wednesday's game at the end of each segment on www.750thegame
Truth is I'm gonna do awful on my ap tests, and I don't even care.
Make a kid's room even more funky with colored light bulbs in every other lamp, they'll love it!
Its ok! Lol
Webinar for mentor orientation! So weird to think that this time last year I was getting ready to come to DC for the first time!
RT I think every company needs to remember marketing 101: word of mouth is powerful. And I can have a big mouth when I want to.
must stop eating leftover Halloween candy. Bad addictive Whoppers!
It's 3 AM so that means we are CLOSED for the night! Taking fast-food delivery orders again tomorrow night starting at 7PM!
What an AMAZING evening of theatre I shared with Go see Wit at now! Cynthia Nixon is literally breathtaking.
done too babe xx
Kiss me >
Hey Baton Rouge!!! Roux House September 24th!! Let's throw the biggest party they have ever seen! Oh, and it's Dereks birthday so....
I hope your expectations aren't very high, Richmond is terrible nowadays!!!
Brave the heat on COA's patio. Get $2 la casa margaritas and $1 draft beer tonight
Starting to be a big fan of plain text email. Proved relevance and success with a client recently.
Chief Acevedo in Spanish to officer Padron's mother: "Mom, I love your son because he is part of my family. Mom, Jaime didn't die alone."
Good advice: "You're not just here to code but to think about what you're coding." -
i cried for like 1000 hours straight
#IWishYouKnew that I can't go a day without thinking of you...
Ecuador chocolate cake>>>>>>>
sounds great!
good job this week guys. "Unplugging" for a bit is always necessary to recharge. Have a great weekend!
ps.. i'm wearing my stinky running clothes.. just warning you
Hope your train ride is not too long cuz! RT Train smells like dog poop or vomit...or both....#mbta what the heck happened?
Aww. Donald & Peta look just like Romeo & Juliet dancing to the song "Kissing You" from the 1996 movie we all love so much...
Good just boring ass end of the year i hate Mira MESA wack ass school ... ugh anyways ill be at your graduation (:
Well, the school allows it and is supportive of it. It's in our library. Just a teacher said it couldn't be in class.
"Anything and anyone, that does not bring you alive, is to small for you"-David Whyte Words that I needed to read after that gig last night.
Nice! But u should probably #PutABirdOnIt RT : Please tell us - what do you think of our new stump logo? Good or bad?
Can someone think of a bad book with "The Art of..." in the title? The only three I know are all really damn good.
At the end of the day you will realize just how beautiful it all really is.
lebron james is quickly approaching rickey henderson in the "most arrogant asshole athlete ever" competition
Good morning
It got pretty dark out there for a while! And yes, schools are open.
The Bucks can't chuck their way to victory. Ugh.
Happy Mothers day, I am so thankful for everything my mum has done for me yesterday,today,and forever :D
Michael, welcome to the BHB page, enjoy the music!!
ALMOST TIME!
Lucky, i started on the 18th of august. -_-
2nd round of "crud": You are NOT welcome...You may go now.
At sunday school!
We're open, don't forget breakfast is the most important meal of the day!
I see you kid!!! #promolife #promoprobs BOOM!
rochester, check out for your next place!
Good Night! :D
Still rolling tweeps! I hope you're all doing well :)
Please stop saying "The emergence of blogs, wikis and RSS aggregators..." They've been around for more than 5 years.
Welcome to twitter Foreclosure Campus
Today is the day! The is here! For a sneak peek at some of the stops, check out the Lone Star Urban Bike Race FB page
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
Kristen Wiig in J. Mendel -- nice shape but the color's a bit bland.
Did I, now? *recalling your decisive eyeroll with clarity*
Spring carnival open today from 4pm-9pm!
“: Good morning, Mr. President. Like you said on The View yesterday: you're going to win. #Forward #Obama2012”
Its midnight. Goodnight.
Don't worry. Being eaten by a crocodile is just like going to sleep. In a giant blender.
Don't forget to check out my music at www.myspace.com/tajahsworld
tell these DumbFounded Tweeters If You Wana Win Go To A Purple World were it Rains Gold....I do mean
hahah I do not know why that was on adult swim bc it is refuckingdiculous haha
It hurts that we used to be so close, and now we don't even say 'hi' not even a smile.
oh dang yours is looking a little better than 's... sorry Tay :/
GO GREEN!!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
This week just flew by! Time flies when you're having fun :D
Sometimes I wonder if I qualify as heartless when I find fur protesters signs funny...
I'd run to you.
If Artest thought/was trying to sell it was an accident during the celebration, he should've at least checked on Harden. Kept running down.
girl I fucks with Adele too she can blow!
dinner was wonderful last night!! Now I am craving more!!! Hands down the best food there last night..
"I Walk A Tightrope But I Won't Let Go..." <3
congratulations on the single! Love it!!! :)
thank you for the encouragement! :)
Heading back over to All age venue, killer line-up
IS OUR LAST DAY 01.30.2011 !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON... UP TO 65% OFF !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
These bums out here could not even pay my gardner bill every other week smh
Many thanks!
Fox News says Dick Clark has died. What a fantastic host and supporter of music. New Years Eve hasn't been the same. RIP.
Juss watched REDICULOUSNESS great show=) look forward to watching it every Monday.
Her & the other women he sleeps w/ all over the country. RT : Are you going to fine LeBron's fiancé for touching him in bed?
sucks i have to leave in a hour for work. yuck
Bought more workout clothes..and I wonder why I never have anything to wear out lol
Omg (': RT : “: The origins of "le".” knock that shit off
I'm staying #stressfree. No point of stressing over things you can't control.
Holy crap! is on a GIANT billboard near the M-change! Cool!
Had much fun and learned a lot too. Thx
you dont even member da score u was heartbroken
Yal better be at the gypsy fest tomorrow!
I love Miracle Whip.
Really wish I could be there.
i hate waking up late :(
What is the square root of a pork chop?
I'm half the OG's age but they call me big homie.
hahahahah just realized the picture was attached=) we are so strange haha
this is A-Rod Approved
You've been in Tennessee how long and you've never heard of goody's powder? I would never sleep if it wasn't for that stuff
Less scenes, more dialogue. You might have a touch of the playwright's spirit in you. I do love great dialogue.
To go beyond is as bad as to fall short. Anonymous Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
Football was cool
They say real Niggas don't catch feelings for a Bitch well guess what? real Nigga won't have a REAL Bitch.
Can I help in any way? I'm happy to answer any questions you have before taking the plunge! My email is
Have a great weekend! Good luck to everyone running in the #FlyingPig and have a very happy Cinco de Mayo!
Southern Enterprises White Wicker Drawer Sideboard | Sideboards ...
Why do Mexican parents always think piercings and tattoos mean you worship the devil. Shit's annoying.
Yes we are hosting the GOP reunion show, and no you can't get in.
RT : Danny o brien just messaged me this.. "let's do this"... it shall be done then my man.
Or is America more Irishized than you expected?
115,000 additional jobs per month is more than 10 times the average rate of job creation during the GW Bush administration.
ever figure out a solution to the facebook logoff loop problem? i'm having the same issue...
A good name, a good icon, and a good intro are in the things that will get your twitter account noticed. Content will keep the followers
when I type @ and your name it doesn't come up...so I just typed it anyway and worked so I deleted it.
Thank you for the RT!! Happy Wednesday!!
Damn Close!... I didn't want Chris Hanson to bust in my DJ booth while I'm rockin a 6pack of Zima twittering away!
There's no I in jazz (or BAM), but hopefully there's a U in the audience!
he must have had many plans. How does someone get away 7 times?
Nice name. Cheers.
While you're at Gibson Lib tomorrow, check out the Friends of Henderson Libraries Used Book Sale. Deals galore & you'll help your library!
An ampersand looks exactly like a guy dragging his butt on the ground.
Have had this account for 2+ years and have only posted one thing! Thanks for the kick in the pants, K!
yup. that's what I actually did!
i quit
Dont sleep on that new mixtape that's bout to hit the streets #DaMovement2 hood certified bangers..street approved!!!!
Some pages turned, some bridges burned but there were
Grooming the dog
RT : Packer Nation: Get your phones, computers ready. and I are #5 tonight! Awesome!!!!!!!!!
My bike is a constant reminder of how the necessity to work can suck the joy out of things that we love.
- I'm on chapter 3 & I've stopped countless times to pray over family, church, dreams,& generations. Anointing over this book.
#MamaUsedToSay - Don't keep all your eggs in one basket! We offer marketing through all mediums! Call today for more info - 720-542-6105
lol you feel me ha
Takes Energy but worth the effort!
I went to UCI too... What do you do?
beer better than nothing I suppose
Im going to be like you and follow my dreams and make a difference in this world as well <3
Beloved: let us hunger & thirst 4 righteousness. HUNGER....THIRST!!! & not stop hungering & thirsting until we are satiated!
A7X kicks serious baby dolphin ass.
Those where the glory days!!! Would it be awkward if I showed up at a gopher game wearing that outfit?
Trying my best to degrade gracefully this afternoon.
If I can make it, count me in- I've been to the JD Distillery, it's killer :)
:do you know what % of Nat'l Seeds have gotten to Omaha and what % of home teams win Supers since '99?
yall need to come back abd do another show
Morning Roberta. It is an exciting race today.
I wonder what looks like ;)
It feels like the whole world just stops when I'm with him<U+2764>
Tonight on my run, gave every runner who passed by a high 5. Only a few left me hanging. Think this might need to take off in B-Town
I'm a bearded bear.
Waiting for s good morning tweet :D
Yea, O Lord and King, grant me to see mine own faults and not to judge my brother. - St. Ephrem
The Vegas Lounge in NE Mpls is the best!
just got tossed out of Daniels bill signing, Sec. State/ Charlie White questions will have to wait ...
Maybe tomorrow...
Dusting off the cobwebs in this place.
Creative outreach techniques by from - hands on, building trust, and demonstrating commitment
Missing the warm, summer temps? Cold weather got you in a funk? Embrace the season & change your mood with these tips for the winter...
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBacon "Big Time Bacon"
Time never stops... it's your future
I LOVE LOVE catching up with the bestie I love you and thank you for everything :D
Number 72 for an open call that started at 10 & I'm already back home? Although I got cut & it's raining, I'm a happy camper :)
I understand. The letters, oral histories, and videos of those who served are especially vivid & poignant.
The is my life to live.
Great workout this morning, looking forward to a great day!
ahh, we meet again old a man a fisha man. Equal quadratic formula over hyperbola equal spin move.
You go, Girl. As an author, I appreciate your blogging and tweeting.
: i've been creating images for them. So i've been low key
Can someone tell he should call in this afternoon to talk some #lacrosse? I'm not kidding...
All quiet in my home, then all of a sudden my bird decides to fly around his cage :l
Hob Broun~ Realism...has no more to do with reality than anything else.
fuck yeah!! You've got good taste.
who say im n stockton
Scratchy is done! : Best news of the day: Gus the annoying spokesgroundhog for the PA lottery has been given a pink slip!
send me your number
Hoping to dodge raindrops for twilight golf tonight.
INDOOR AIR POLLUTION = Bleach + Windex + Febreze + Perfumes + Air Fresheners + Simple Green + Fragrant candles
DC still has a baseball team? Hadn't noticed.
been smoking ever since i woke up, but still taking bongrips.
not trying to be mean but spamming saying FOLLOW ME wont get his attention lol.
AMC Renews ‘Comic Book Men’ & ‘Talking Dead’ For Season 2 via
OMG indeed. Let's declare war on soap. Down with cleanliness! RT OMG SOAP SHUT DOWN.WIKIPEDIA
HAPPY BIRTHDAY:)
Wishing the barrista had bothered to stir my mocha. I thought she had just made me a plain latte, and now, chocolate sludge...
We love "You are a Social Detective" by MichelleGarciaWinner. Read it today.
what's a bomb? I drink patron now.
We just got a great donation from Halycon Vintage of some great condition men's vintage! Perfect for fall! Thank you ladies at Halycon!
hearing Alli want is you by justin bieber makes me think bout what i do
For those of you celebrating the holiday today: happy Passover.
It happens to us all:) clever spammers everywhere.
- how is your finger healing?
“: Sushi and coffee instead of work... What the heck Kayla. ” yeah what the heck Kayla!?!
#gigmemories Too many too lazy to name them all.
Sick of seeing my mama upset. Just want her to be happy
These silly straws will be the death of me.
I'll definitely be checking it out! Looks very cool! (and, who does have time for twitter *all* day? :) )
" You married? [ my eyes flit from phone to his eyes], I ask," sorry?" -" I could be your friend " -Young man with gold teeth met on marta
Really loving Glee right now!
Happy Hour is going on now! Come in and escape the rain!
“: #InstantTurnOn guys who tell you you're beautiful even if you look your worst #socute” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Who loves Ma Fischers? Try the bacon and cheese croissant and greek fries and our fav the potato skins!
. regardless I look forward to your demo RL or virtual!
That needs to be on my annual review: "Satisfactorily recommended poop to customer."
WUDUP DOE CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
Erich Fromm~ Mans main task in life is to give birth to himself; to become what he potentially is.
Arthur I have to say that these three exercises wouldn't be my first choice for a Tricep mass routine
Congratulations to my home town baseball team, the St. Louis , on their epic World Series win!!!
“If you left DeAndre Jordan in the gym all night and told him he couldn’t dunk he’d have 6 points in the morning.” - Charles Barkley
One more day to go!!!
I wish I got to see tonight. Theyre my favorite
ya flow is cheap as limousine liquor. DONT FORGET WHO THE KING OF RAP IS.....
#MCN2011 wifi tests working well with some new access points, a CACHEBOX from ApplianSys and 100mb internet pipe @ the hotel
Wow! Stunning doesn't do it justice!
Watching Nadal at the U.S.Open take off his shirt..I mean play tennis. He does not need Hi Def liposuction!
It's funny how we always want what we can't have. We keep on pursuing it and then when we have it, we don't want it anymore.
Everytime Yahoo has female fashion fauxpaus on its front page; I sympathize with terrorists.
Four more day until our showcase!! I need all unsigned seniors in Baton Rouge, Lafayette, New Orleans and Hammond areas to be there
this is why i hate eating <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><U+274C>
omg is this a bridesmaids quote!? ("hold on for one more day")
Game Time!! Go Ravens!!
maybe, but i'd argue the same thing should happen for alcohol consumption. To me they are incredibly similar
okay semi lol
Still have two tickets for VWT up for grabs :) more info at www.fyscene.tumblr.com
thanks so much for checking out our music it means the world to us. Tell all your friends!
Oh you can see your NEON green bra through your shirt....that's really cute. You should go home and think about your life choices.
Ha! So true. RT : I keep having to remind myself I'm not in one of the #MKE Domes, & that the chirping birds are real.
I need to go to Walgreens, but I'm tired of going there.
I just don't like him. Plus Oz is. Pretty much there so that she isn't alone now that Xander and Cordelia are a thing.
Argeta for breakfast M
hand claps in any song (i.e birthday cake) make me wish i knew how to twerk
Twitter is dead. I'm the only one tweeting -___-
I can still party with out drinking... I'd rather make fun of drunken rednecks around here...
or wait today. it's definitely bout to be 5 AM
Kindle books allow you to do this. I am sure there are others. It actually works well. I was surprised.
Prepairing for a gig,I,m looking foward to playing from my heart!...it "feels" good!
Wishing I had a cave to sleep in damn sunlight
The beautiful mahogany bar at Dobson's was brought around the Horn from England. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/the_bar
And loving it! RT Jack and #PSHome are using (www.clarahq.com) to understand, analyse and engage with their community
On that boss for a day status thanks to (y)
Poneyland is good, but horsey is bad. Sometimes it feels like I'm in a petting zoo.
bahaha as long as you keep acting like you're 21, all's good:)
This year has flown by
What are the steps to add a city to the UX Happy Hour?
just wondering, are any of you guys friends with people from other Milwaukee area tv stations?
always ready to get down with hunt!
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with fellow Chicago-based company and its Aon Risk Services division.
thank you so so much!
Just woke up from my nap. :)
Gareth is here in April at Enclave! Vision is being remodeled.
MY MODEL SAVE SOULS NOT DO SHOWS. Glory to God for the opportunies cause without him I would be nothing. Still grinding
man some of my fans are dirty(: haha the things some of you say about me... I find it HILARIOUS don't worry(:
ha! Yeah. In a button-up (non-flannel) shirt no less!
Stanford's defense is overrated, the loss of Skov at LB is a big loss and hasn't been reported on much in my opinion
Whew! The bat was trapped and safely released outside.
only thing that made me smile in the last few hours! thanks homegirl
Well-Tended Flower Children - New York Times
Oh My GOD!!! Geek squad seriously? How long are you going to make me wait!!!!! D:<
Still trackin' out!! #house #juke & #footwork Can't stop until it's DONE!!
ludacris is ridiculous
*Nano's voice* PICO, I KNOW YOU STOLE MY CHEESECAKE.
Aw that's nice of u to say! :)
blogging again finally. posting tomorrow at 8am.
I have a scary movie I wanna watch but I'm too much of a pussy to watch it alone. Grr.
How is Spencer? I have not heard from him in a while.
It seems Like some Girls feel there only purpose in life is to have a baby.
It's funnier when a woman replies "that I know of" than when a man replies
This dude said Victoria Ortiz's new nickname is "Take 2 of these and call me in the morning" How funny is this?!
looking forward to seeing this issue.
Finally have a Saturday to sleep in. But now I feel terrible. #what's up with that?
morning snack time! jerky and tea
should RT this(: you know you want to
Trying to figure out if there's a Teen Read Week hashtag already. Do we have one?
I'm sore from sneezing.
Yup, same Katie Murphy. On my fb page, when I click on the Twitter tab at the top, I see all these tweets from some "Noah"...
HELP!!! Anyone? Anyone?? Bueller???
Read son batman book tonight and it talks about "flattening a foe." the word choice is just plain funny.
I'm in labor RT Celebrate Labor Day weekend with some laughs is back at THIS Saturday, 9/3, at 9pm.
This keeps happening to me? What am I doing to deserve this?!
I like cheese! :D
Wow, that looks amazing! Now, I'm hungry lol!
North Carolina also had a constitutional amendment signed into law in 1875 that banned interracial marriages until 1971.
The Dribble At is ANY dribble that is E/W regardless of tempo or intention of the ball handler.
Watching Maryland's midnight madness. 30 days before the HS season starts
Fuck this math quiz I just took -__- lol
I was home sick today, so I watched every single one of your keeks & I loved them all!!!:)
I got you --> RT : I NEED only 2 MORE FOLLOWERS to hit 1000!!! can i get a RT!!
Haters gonna hate.
I hope you're right.
Helped my parents plant part of their organic garden in the backyard today. There's something oddly fulfilling in working the Earth.
yup good times!
Still stuck in that time, when we called it love.
Oh my god THANK GOD
VERY NICE PROFILE PICTURE FOLLOW BACK PRETTY LADY
Margaret Wheatly Leadership and the New Science
and YOU are a great guy.Thanks for covering this with tonight. You forgot to mention you lost a twitter war...
That i how I flt when my sister bought a berberry watch that cost 2500 when I told her to take one of my checks for Christmas.
Got you baby RT : hey follow back
Food is so expensive at the theaters
So Cinco de Derby or Derby de Mayo?
My anti-procrastination device today: I can only sit if I'm grading. So far so good.
I have something important to tell you & I really need some advice! Please reply to my DM! <3 xoxo
Celebrate #independence Day with us!! www.swabbies.com
#darkness2 Any cross-platform development issues? I'm very interested in the Steam copy!
School This morning, Totally not Looking forward to it. But its Friday :D
wednesday come stop by and hang at Daniel street and on saterday Impuria will be in wallingford and sunday at the space.
#FF Follow me
Music Video Shoot Tuesday, rehersing the dance moves. :)
by being an alcoholic
These bees.need to MOVE.
Is the amazing #DJ, spinning at tonight? Go check it out at Route 66 Casino! Amazing Nightclub!
yeah god willing
Got time to chat tomorrow?
nothing really... im just sick... :(
For anyone who loved the podcasts, is launching HiLobooks with 3 Radium Age science fiction titles!
hey phil! i dig your music. what program do you use? just started to compose, will make soundcloud & send to u when done
Sounds like song inspiration.
Fuck you. Your boyfriend. And your so called best friend.
Launch party 5/31 is going to be off the hook! Who's coming?
Waking up with a stomach ache about to throw up..... golly g what a shitty morning.
humor video cracked
We're happy it was a success. The Hummingbird really is an outstanding drink! Now which cocktail will you serve next?
"Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder," ~~Arnold Toynbee British historian
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEW ODAC LAX CHAMPIONS! LC's Men's Lacrosse Team beats Washington and Lee 10-4!!!!! Pictures to come!!!
. Great, we look forward to having you. Good luck with the launch!
Where is your stop after the game?
Tonight, we recommend the Torta di Granchio: Our special crab cake in a white wine Dijon sauce. Simply perfection!
Just saw preview for Breaking Dawn Part 2 & realized that ill be in college when it comes out
malone needed a good point guard. But how many 4s dont?
Winery 2. Good Rieslings and a Rose, but decided to pass.
that was almost a whole 24 hours ago lmao
I wouldn't be lying if I told u all I think about is money and fame
Laying in bed with #cuddling nd tweeting xD
Marriage is about love, not gender.
Gota love Columbus rush hour in the rain :(
It was a good perdormance! I might be the only one on ur timeline that liked it. RT : Oh no, I missed Nicki Minaj!
I saw that! Well, we are awesome! Also is there an iron in our room?
u r always welcome to stop by mom and dad's on xmas too it u are free. do u have to work?
Lets chill with the whole "YOLO" thing, its becoming more overused than Charlie Sheen's crack pipe...
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK EURO EXIT COST WOULD BE `IMMENSE'
Hm, we left the interns in charge today. They seem to have gone off the reservation. Hope they are ok and come back to us soon.
Omg is dancing too "hit me baby one more time". From the Wii Dance Game !
DRE training program ended last Friday. That's when officer came forward.
hiya, great thread, follow me & I'll follow you back
Is it illegal to shop on 's website while driving? If so......oops
at work and have #NFLDraft goin on DVR. trying not to look but its not working
SERIOUSLY. Between that and being poked. And bad Hygiene....
17 years of experience marketing cash-pay practices helps, we also do a lot of hands on education.
“: Enjoying a beautiful Sunday by serving outside in the Traffic ministry ” //Thank you for serving!!
Positive Energy of the day: "I have always admired the ability to bite off more than one can chew and then chew it" - William C. de Mille
ew really? People are so pathetic >.< We love you! dont worry!(:
Just saw my reflection. I look like shit. I'm going to (erroneously) blame the lighting.
salt and balsamic vinegar
#EverydayIThinkAbout my future
its only a nickname I have at school. and relax mate. no need to go all hulk on me
The Silk Tie likes Geo Tweets!
Blasphemy! Rhyming is charming...oh wait, you're right.
Just going to think about all the good times and not the few bad....<U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Sometimes my life sucks so bad.
Okay I seriously cant sit through a whole waffle cone of you chewing like that without going mentally insane.
Awesome! See you there and bring your friends!
could just use image of DNA
I followed you guys!!(:
My paper-loving heart died a little hearing this room full of Drupal folk wishing to replace all of their print books w/ Kindle.
Catching up on tweets & all I can say is well said..wow!!. Rt": I'm done ......."
Would the blazer be Hawaiian print?
I get it, the huskies beat themselves.
only if the wolves were in the playoffs
Eric Church's "Love Your Love The Most" made number 8 on CMT's Top 20 Countdown today
Pete wingfield, the hollies: for certain because..., and Sam & Dave. Problem solved
Damn Ps3 Controller Dead
Time to walk im happy my ass aint goin no where im tryna get a six pack biiih lol but im dead ass serious
Dear dance, I just love having sore arms. I would understand the soreness if it wasn't from Sommersaults!!
the peruvian puff pepper
the first two, of course. But a spineless Democratic party is JUST AS NECESSARY for putting us where we are now.
Fun! Will need to hear you sometime, dont want to hear me tho!
I'm super high right now who wanna talk to me
that's good, it's better to find a accepting church
I'd so walk out of this class, but I can't get in any more trouble so I won't... But I Have to Pee so bad Mr, McEver..
I am proud to be your first follower.
Giving God glory for another beautiful day.
That's so cool. Totally going to search the flickr stream for chemistry sets
Smh at people asking who Conrad Murray is. Just go sit in a damn corner.
Headed to at 12 today? will be there, too!
As a dream chaser I accomplished alot of those dreams awake
Not surprised. He's a hottie.
No I didnt I never got it but try logging into ur account that's what I did and it worked for me :)
Ours actually had a little slip with a 6 on it in the bag, like a tiny IOU.
so price in same ballpark as I quoted? Wanted to compare to see if I can shop around or not
Working on DOIs right now (for our digital journals). And lots of meetings today.
any other thoughts or statistics to add? (Wink wink)
$375 is so tempting despite the ux disastrous fail last year
RT : Unless we redefine well-being to include financial well-being. I see Gallup/Healthways doing that
There's nothing better then good friends!!
I wish I was at that paper. I really don't understand that argument
It looks like SeaWorld! :-)
Cop: "Sir, what's in the bottle?" Me: "It's water." Cop: "Sir, this is wine." Me: "What? That damn Jesus! He did it again!"
nice! Would be interested to learn what API would be useful; maybe drop us a note?
Working in a funeral home means I can use cool words like "body bag" and "cremains"
I'm just tired of seeing this lazy-blame-my-city-cause-I-can't-do-something mentality. Gotta elevate; broaden interests. Rant over lol
Last day to sign up for Wisc no call list
Cant Teach Swagger, Gotta Be Born With It
Adding 2 to-do list ... take a walk around Lake of the Isles when the sun comes out.” thanks
Driinks wi. abt a dozen 40-something professionals in Boston 'burbs. Most on LinkedIn, one on Facebook, none on Twitter.
"getting in my tits" !? I just had a funny visual Lol! I'm a little hyper again :/ I should be asleep. Going to try soon :)
Dear commuters, please practice safe umbrella. I almost got stabbed this a.m. Kthx.
thanks guys- Instagram made it look better...:-)
Nemo's friends: Don't touch the boat! Nemo: YOLO!
Uh you better!! RT : We promise to call if Alpha Phi songs happen.
I really don't care if I goto jail for punching my teacher in face .
At #CoStarGroup sales conference learning about all the amazing product developments coming for 2012
The Tigers scored 10 runs yesterday, too. WHAT'S GOING ON?!?!?!?! ;-)
I am not above using quotation marks "passive" aggressively.
not when its all flapping. i think you need to get a tightening and maybe consider anal bleaching cuz of the fisting...
I am also writing a book I have finished chapter 1 and by Friday will have completed Chapter 2. A Childs Decision to Follow Christ.
phone w/john :)
Between 2 conferences and a trip to Dallas to get ready for ARC I feel like we haven't seen in forever! Ready to have him home!
Congrats to your daughter for getting the grades to get into the college of her choice. Fantastic.
Wow. They should pay you for your endorsement! RT : the park is awesome.
Well I think so!
that cake is awesome <3
YOU SPEAK FRENCH
United Social Sports. We have our office at 1200 Perry st. My statement was "as if" I was a business at
that sounds good. I'll be down in a few minutes
I GOT DIS DUDE SAVED UNDER HIS NAME , slash PAT BUS . CUS I MET HIM ON THA PAT BUS :O
Networking is a must! And developing my niche. You also reminded me I should always have my AP Style book handy.
A15. Mom is Love. RT: Q15. Queen for a Day: In 3 words or less, with one sparkling tweet, toast your dear mother.
Debuting "See Yesterday...Today" to media today. (Hint - bring your smartphone next time you jog at Reynolda.)
Hope it didn't disappoint!
#InTheArtOfTheCity is an event tuned to feat. The BEST #LA has to offer. Come be a part of the #RealLA, !!
I have never seen a press conference for a backup quarterback....until now
we're working on the logistics of the drift jump...trying to avoid lawyers; incedentals aiming for Spring 11
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. ~ Robert Frost
Thank you! :)
Happy Mother's Day to my Mama and all the wonderful Mother's out there!!!
- I'm bad at this.
So pumped for !!!!!! and I are on dee way!
dear vcu officials, what a bunch of gaylord fockers you are.
In the buildin already reppin H-town!
Rep Hoyer: making it in America takes the expansion of Hispanic owned business.
Need guestlist or bottle service for tonight? Best prices on the strip for
Ive got to get the thingy out of the thingy...verbal translation, lasagna out of the stove. Vocab
We hope you are able to come in for dinner :)
who doesn't? My brother had other suggestions we're going to test! Will let u know one pans out that doesn't involve paint.
Meryl Streep? Guess who these shoes belong to....
fabulous to meet you as well! Thnx for all the advice & contacts. Truly appreciate it.
Milan Monday Night Football! RAVENS vs JETS on 6 new flat screens! Special relaxed dress code of you're wearing a Ravens jersey!
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and popular and do all that they ever dreamed of so they may see that it is not the reply.
yeah the right line, just the hub started coming apart since it wasn't put together 100%, but all that will change soon!
Grill #vegan, anywhere. A grill that fits over the grill at the cookout, park, and beyond; folds into pocketsize bag. pocketgrill.com/videos
We worry about not frightening people. Maybe it's exactly what's needed to spur them to finally take action. Worth considering.
I need new people to text!!!...
Lord Please give me the strength to make it thru this dbl shift & if not that I can check myself into H3 in Natick for going insane
awesome! worship at the altar of the LED.
Matt Kemp is on pace for 84 homeruns this year, while Albert Pujols is on pace for about 5....that's if he ever gets one
The only demons in this world are those within our own hearts, and that is where all our battles should be fought
My dad is getting around with his cane now...and getting a haircut!
awe thank youu so much maggie. <3
The akward moment when a customer asks you where the bathroom is and does a quick dance.
RT : Enjoying see our friends at the #DentalCPAs stop by booth 302 and say hello.
Class oh how I hate u but gotta learn something new right lets do it
Robert Pante~ If you look good and dress well you don't need a purpose in life.
Check out our Facebook & stay tuned to our big announcement this weekend!!!
RT : MPS has canceled aftter-school athletics and other activities
Thanks to all that have made the market such a wonder success. Farmers, Bakers, Vistors, Entertainers and of course our Volunteers
What's with the Joan Rivers/Chelsea Handler feud? Picking a side is like Sophie's Choice. Become friends, not just for me, but for everyone!
sorry bro thats always frustrating, stay the course friend
In reference to which tweet? I'm currently on the 21. Hahaha.
Hope everyone has a Wonderful Wednesday!
I have no idea what I'm going to do for my special birthday in two days. Any ideas?
My head is rocking right now.......l
Proof I am a huge dork: I just purchased tickets to DragonAge: The Movie.
The site is not complete yet but will be soon
Not a good idea to watch #foodtv Triple D late at night. Making my mouth water!
yeee where im from i call it that;D my life is shit man:)
For that super snatch? Glows in the dark..": sounds like the coochie stuff RT What in the fuck is a Super pad"
If you must resort to frozen pizza, light candles and use the sterling silver.
Join us February 19th in Akron Ohio for Debut 1
"Dear tenants: 8th floor patio is temporarily closed due to a bee swarm and hive. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, -Mgmt."
Nice, the name of the place is Brazil, I'm from Brazil! ha
not that I've ever thought about that or anything... I said nothing! pay no attention to me!
I'm cry in a corner then when I get out I'm beat u up
i'd love to come :( but i live in germany! but have fun austin <3
Sunglasses: Allowing you to stare at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life.
lol. I just did part 1 of my mothers day shopping.
Senator demands that US agency explain shutdown of doctor database
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, how is everyone doing?
RT : Mallahan's campaign lit quotes Danny Westneat as saying "He's sort of the 'white Barack Obama.'" Give me a freaking break.
Getting new boots tomorrow! :)! Gonna wear them on Tuesday!
Education is the future of the world. #PencilsofPromise builds schools throughout the world
friend suggested bum fight the other day. I'm headed to Wrigley so I suppose both are viable options.
Do you think doctors should always tell the truth? New study shows they don't. Thoughts?
Thank you so much hun!
follow jennette mccurdy keep it up
I am back on twitter! I have been writing a ton over the last few months and had some awesome musical revelations. It won't be long now :)
Tell your friends to follow us, so we can get off of stupid follow limit! (:
Wow<3 she was AMAZING!
hold on to the fucking ball you bum!!
hahahaha , Tomorrow is friday 13th. Ha
Follow my Instagram
same reason Debo's nickname is Tiny???
Al Jefferson: "I just think we're playing against a team that is at its peak, and I don't see nobody beating 'em."
glad I poured a stiff one before it started
Watch movie Invisible Man. Apparently pranks get ugly lol RT Oh the pranks I would pull if I were invisible..
No worries! Let me know how I can help!
Happy that came to see our showcase!
Well done, and best of luck with the remaining :)
What up doe!!!
Anyone can be a barbarian; it requires a terrible effort to remain a civilized man...Leonard Sidney Woolf
one of my fav time of the yr
Man i cant sleep dis shit is weighing heavy on me #GotDamn my dawg gone dis gone stick wit me fo a min R.I.P ANTON 'AB' BUTLER
You don't tweet much.
Happy Birthday Crafty Goodness! The store officially turns one today!
Or let them drive. Sounds like they have plenty of energy.
"Fly niggas do fly things!!"---my cousin wants to quote that at his valedictorian speech. Is that cool?
when is
Now we have Beyonce and Rihanna!
RT : #Running tip: Sleeping more is probably the best thing you can do for your running.
Still have the old Facebook, I feel like the token black guy in a horror film
Is that magic, those lyrics, that beat.....I can see again
Pop music is the Advil, blues is the vitamins
@ lorettare ... yet again he tweeted intemperate scorn
Lenders may offer you the chance to pay discount points to lower the interest rate of your mortgage.
Yeah i missed it. I think it will be ok.
Least favorite celeb: who LOVES to talk about how much the # of f*cks she doesn't give, but also LOVES to post things for attention
congrats on you're new addition Baby Pearl so happy for your family xo also super fan agt can't wait til may
Angrey Givin u Plenty Heat On the Tracks and Bout to be bringin u Plenty beatz Keep lookin
Agree...fell asleep in the middle of that one!
RT : A key to social media is personal interaction
I never type anything of importance here.
At least the "Why did the Browns take Hughes in the third!?!?!" crowd can calm that one down.
I'm headed to El Paso for my birthday in March - Fellini's Film Cafe ahoy! Wish I could catch the film.
I MISS YALL and LOVE YALL!!! :)
my fever is back. rewpdmvjrimgp
I'm detecting a lack of enthusiasm.
I like that!
My first tweet towards the
Lunch time :)
heyy, how r u? havent talked in a while
How fun!
THERE IS A FRIGGIN THIEF ON THE LOOSE. MY SWEATER IS MISSING AND SO ARE MY HEADPHONES... !!!
I'll be on with tomorrow at 6:35 am to talk about how local communities are organizing to
Idgaf how much money I got I will be dam if I make it rain for anybody
Clearly, I had to follow immediately. Doppelgangers don't appear every day.
grandfathers rule
One in three snake bite victims is drunk. One in five is tatooed.
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes
John Axford has really perfected that Norseman look, right?
Pyramid breweries on board for BeerHoptacular bringing a variety of their finest beers for sampling. Can you say, "Thunderhead?"
I was at Dollywood too today, wish I would've known you were there!!
sorry to hear you missed out on vinyl - did you try on Monday or Tuesday? They went fast!
Attention Brides! Save a little for your wedding & shop at Bella Bridal to get 10% #cashback!
im doing my hair haha plus my phone is like dead im useing my ipod
My son Issiah is headed to Cali! It cost more for his luggage than the plane ticket. What's up with that?
don't be a twat, i tweet all the time
Done wit the baggage now its time to move on. Thought it would be harder but u made it easy
"From now on, depressions will be scientifically created." — Congressman Charles A. Lindbergh Sr. , 1913
I oppose SOPA and PIPA. They will damage the open internet as we know it. Please help.
Just got our Canon T3I. Now to find out how to use it.
AH!!! RT : RT : I have some exciting musical news.. Coming up in a couple of hours..stay tuned:)
The Judge gave us a deal that we've been wanting for over 1 yr. Finally! No prison for our client= success. Patience pays off. Hard work 2.
swine flu: great opportunity for muslim governments to get around to banning pork
I JUST WANNA HOLD ALL OF THE BABIES IN THE WORLD AWWWWHHHH
Thanks for the rockin time tonight. Looking forward to Sunday Funday
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "GINGER" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
": Awww man I LOVE MY BITCHES !!!"
Yo Dsmack can you update me on the free agents looking to come to Denver ??
#SAForum2012 Our focus on clinical research has been on TB and HIV/AIDS says SA Minister of Science and Technology Naledi Pandor
Lol "when your horny as fuck" lol omg why would someone ever txt me that
Wow I guess sleeping during the day wasnt such a great idea
Bed time.
Plotting the miserable demise of my favorite characters. Somehow, so sickly satisfying.
Having a hard time getting out of vacation mode, but my workout is done and it is time to get movin....
RT The Stack Exchange proposal for #digitalpreservation Q/A is racing along now, but still needs your support! http://...
Hey - Its time for #recycle bins in your lobby.
Thanks for the intro. I think Emile and I have crossed paths a few years ago.
Gracias! Have a good day. (Tu amiga y su hermana just went to a gardening class.)
Starbucks and a movie... Great way to relax!
thanks for the retweet and congrats again on the campaign! Would love to chat
bored and with time = me catching up with uploading pictures on facebook :)
The races are over, boats loaded up... THANK YOU to everyone who helped make the 30th Annual Heart of Texas such a success!
Love it! Suerte hermano! We will promote.
A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually
Oh yes, that's right! You win double the prizes. A true music aficionado!
some people shouldn't be allowed to own computers
I still call a BS. That video could have easily been from something else. One fan does not deserve special treatment.
Are you up for something around 11/1130 or so? Lainy has to study, but wanted to do breakfast with me and the kids first
they're nit picking at a guy who is just playing to play pretty much a sure HoF guy. Smh
thanks for the holler :) can't wait!
GOD MORNING ERRBODY
7th & 8th grade girls volleyball. More awkward hits than the last #KatyPerry album!
Where the heck do people buy balloons in this city!?
I'm going Friday :D
I Have #SoListen On Replay<3(:
#educomm do you have brand champions who are willing to tell your story for you?
Oh, I didn't take a photo, it looked ultra hometown.
Great hearing speak in Bankers Hill tonight. Definitely got me thinking in a new direction.
Thanks Bucks...Another year of watching you piss away another playoff chance
You're in for a great time ;)
Guns don't kill people, baby unicorns with a penchant for stabbing people do.
Hope you pencil in sometime to hang out while you're here.
I can't sleep. I need my yogurt raisins and sparkling water.
It kills me not being able to use emoji with some people!
where you at ! imma come in my pajamas :))
Tip #156: Consider "over" shoving the river versus weaker players that have trouble folding decent/good/great hands.
Dude where's my car?
Just like a Slovakian.
Thanks for the support! Anything that you think would help get us in front of more people, please let us know :)
each tee teach one!
When is in NYC on June 22 I will be on a plane to CA! I be playing 11:11 :)
"'Reprobate'! Hahaha, I'm laughing because I know what that means! Jean Valjean! Hahaha, I'm laughing because I know who that is!"
#Sparklers, support in the release of their charity single april16th, all donations 2 Scope n derriford cardiac ward.
The blue light is lit so my I-clicker is on. Crowd-sourcing at the Sci Museum
you ARE hilarious! :)
New updates and features coming real soon!
Monday Morning Brain Buster: 43% of women asked said doing "this" is more stressful to them than moving. What is it?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mammas out there! You are appreciated! <3
Fear the Gemini!
A delight 4 the senses: cool, crisp am air intermingled with the smell of hot coffee from Krankies!
PHILLY MEMBERS Trapeze doesn't discriminate! We encourage you to check the competition! Trapeze welcomes ALL swingers to our club!
I'm not trying to be involved with the world today.....
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds that you plant." ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
Thank you! :)
Dave Haywood's wife Kelli Cashiola had one CUTE wedding dress!
Look whos alone now... it's not me? it's not me
Retweet for a follow back!
Call of Duty 2 sometime?
got the short fixed last week; fixed a buzz in his system in the process. Woot!
TikiDolls! Management gave us the greenlight to carry out the promotion through the entire month of October! Isn't that #justFAB?
Early morning flight to Minny to catch up with the team to get ready for this weekend series.
Still rocking them wack teams hoodies ????,, well come & get bossproof hoodie we got u...Dm or follow for more info
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
I'm offended to my very core that appeared on the cover of the Redeye IN FRONT OF WRIGLEY FIELD!
Deja vu is a funny thing.
I agree with you about #blogging, in my blog I always try to tell the story behind the images I'm posting. Content is key!
but. the turtles curr.
naa me and your bro smoked up just the other day!
I'm doing that too, but I've started sacrificing food calories for beer...
Moca's Fresh auction this past weekend. Did u go? Did u acquire a new work? (FYI, Guild member Art Gallery Services did the lovely install)
I'm a little lost lol but yes I will have some for you! :)
Great show in lex last night with The Hollywood kills and Kink Ador at The Green Lantern. doing it again tonight in cincy at Southgate House
i sure am
Well that was deep...
light breakfast on sunday- boiled rice mixed only with soy sauce and no subsidiary.
Thank you for the #ff! Have a great weekend.
We were at an 826 Valencia event featuring Portlandia!
It's the Token Ensemble!
And happiness is the best bed. RT "Fatigue is the best pillow." ~ Benjamin Franklin
Love Love LOVE it! #greeandgoldfriday now.... #GreenandgoldEveryday before you know it!
algebra homework? reading homework? english mel-con? rehearse presentation for world studies? i just realized i have alot to do this weekend
#OnlyIf she was mine :/
Lovely Justin Bieber
ima check your music out though
Morning all! I just had an awesome bagel. M. What about you?
WTF...Denver trades out of the first round.
oh dear, i never knew that! i'm sure can provide expertise in that area. lunch next week. please.
haha! I have use that one too.
RT : Damn horrible ending...
looking forward to hanging out again soon... Had a great time last night... U had all 200 ppl movin!
Too far? I'm in such a goofy mood tonight. Probably time for bed.
great movie (get carter)
aww I hear you. I am ok, taking care of myself until I go to work ;)
pace definitely slogs around then, but I don't think it ruins it. I had a good time with the movie.
Cmon pacers, crunch time
RE-CONNECT. ftfw.
what in the hell did you just make me watch !hahahhaa sick
who's messing with you babe
Still tired.
It's never too late or too early to love courageously. ~ Maria Carter
Sun is shining all is well, what a day today could be, to all followers i wish you a great day
A very happy birthday to Do you think you'll write code better now that you're an old man, Zach?
Kids don’t need you to be Superman, they just need you to be there. -First Lady Michelle Obama
I'm gonna *hope* he's a 1 until he proves otherwise... [/optimist] & don't get me wrong, HAPPY Lyles'd likely be a *strong* 2!!!
What's up Coy? How are you? I hope you're not too upset with me, even though you have every right to be... :(
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
“: If your having strokes at 30 there's a good chance you sit on your ass and eat all day.”
I have had two and a half weeks to study for a social studies test that everyone else took and I still didn't even study yet
My attempts to figure out where the phrase 'the goose is loose' comes from, has revealed the horrible phrase 'loose as a goose.'
apparantly if you google 'girl having fun under night cover' in Turkey it will direct you to our bandcamp
Running just isn't the same without my Bloomington hills and running partner :(
Nope nothing at all
Learn a tool Friday: Looking for a private social network you can use with your team? Try Yammer, free and paid versions....
Good to call PD on that. It was tasteless.
Had flashbacks today at Sea World to my first 5k held on that same blacktop--the Kids Fun Run. 7 years old.
Been up for hours. Bored, hot, exhausted, but cant sleep.-____-
that was the scariest moment I have had with driving ad you were knocked out hahaha
yr not the only one
Rainmaking requires that a lawyer see its activities in a positive light. If you think it's unimportant or even negative you'll not succeed
Waiting in a coffee shop with all the other business shleps. But hey, I've got a pizza case!
hi (in Narsais voice)
We showed that picture from the article, to all our staff and they love it! Very cool!
Woohoo! That's awesome!!
Kings coming back out for the fans who stayed. God bless those guys.
Why do people park so you cant even open up the door to your car?
Prepping sides to record for my video audition!
Racism distorts the inherent dignity & worth of humanbeings. It objectifies other human beings as objects to be sold, use, abused &discarded
They are mothereffin' playing! STOKED :)
I hope he's going to be ok!
ha, wow. idiots.
mad traffic at 3:30 a.m. sorry beautiful, im cominfor you.
Now I'm thinking about pizza at 9a.
that was easy
Watching the Whitney Home Going Service. I never really liked Tyler Perry until today. Nice tribute from Kevin Costner.
Company Experience x Passion = Success
Ivy the lab, senior overweight lab with ACL injury, decided to try and jump into our super high bed. She fell. Thud. Poor girl won't rest it
Amy pond vs rose Tyler. Ultimate showdown?
Join us for wine, cocktails, pasta & dessert! We're in #LoHi ! We have great wine flights & social happy hour 5-7p w/ $5 glasses!
Thanks Al!!! Lovin' the awesome opportunities:)
Attention everyone! & I are being ratchet on Instagram! Follow us now for the f**kery! -> bernadettegiacomazzo & _sire_ >:)
Just call the game already. Stop teasing us.
Hey andy Suck my balls lakers fan :)!
Hey, that pic just "extended" your reign as mayor! :) Was that the intention?
cuz you can't dunk with either haha!
Safe trip! Have fun! cc
I wonder if my friends would judge me if they found out I like One Direction <3 <3 <3
What does "get your chopsticks" mean?
You couldn't of been to drunk if you remember to delete them lol
i am really talkative right now!!!!!!!!!
Oh shit im still tired. So abouts to knock out. aha. Oh shit forgot I have to see if Im going to birthday thang.
Me too. Looking at it now makes me wish Disney wouldn't have brought it back, just leave it as is.
Ha! Noted ;-) I'd be in good company! Will think & let me know if there's a particularly helpful topic.
How good are the Dallas Cowboys with Peyton Manning? Romo is close to wearing out his welcome I am guessing?
No really bitch where have you been
I'm so tired its not even healthy :/ lol & I look ugly. I'm probably gonna be all grouchy today.
LOL... I found my cat cradle string... ^_^
Battles over contraception spread, and both sides frame the struggle differently
Note to the Screen Actors Guild awards: you're going to be aired on TBS. Think about it. That is all
Get my car washed by the Brunswick football team?
oh. Diet managed?
Most people watch MTV but I watch HGTV. I would love to be an interior designer but I live in the middle of nowhere.
link is not working. Please, what's the post?
how bout i get drunk with dr monica quartermaine again?
That awkward moment when you are Facebook stalking someone and accidentally like a post from 2 years ago
Had fun today <U+E056><U+E00E>
Who Will Win in the Smartphone Wars?
No Monday...no.
Oh wow, people have lost their minds in Chicago....
bunch of stuff, teen site redesign, summer reading pages, etc.
#revideo chat will NOT be online tonight. Our team is en route to Florida for the Leading Real Estate Companies of the World conference.
don't say "leggooo" seriously Chris brown, youre white.
Had to factory reset my phone today...looks like I don't have to update the firmware again at least
If you don't have good punch lines then don't write them down
Do you ever feel like the entire world got a lobotomy & no one told you? ~ Lisa Morgan
Dancing with *dance dance booty booty*
meredith has now taken my job twice, once as TODAY show co-host, now as producer--wrong, just wrong! Spread the love around!
No i will nottake your green eggs and ham but i will have an egg Mcmuffin
to I'm starting the book of genesis first
Getting ready to go to work ... Yay....
Why am I still wearing pants?
RT : the owners of the building jazzbah is in changed the locks on them overnight? wtf? <--WTF IS RIGHT! Thanks 4 support!
C Springs weather is alot like a woman's emotions when it's that time of the month.. lol
so I don't forget, I'm wishing you a happy Mardi Gras now!
I absolutely love these.
Come home, it's too cold for me to take GBunB out.
Jason Bryant alumn is showing through May 6th @ IMPULSE Booth I-7!
who is this about?
Someone finished my root beer flavored milk... :(
Hello, handsome. Have not forgotten about you-- hope you'll be in to see me soon. Thanks for listening!
is a talented writer! You should follow her! Really..
Time to go in for round 2 Cataract surgery
look at it dummy lol. It says Re: whatever and Body: Stop spamming me.
no what is it? No data:(((
The weather in Nashville is emotionally unstable.
Not sure of the year, 90's? Maybe Music People (Jason) sent you in..
Thanks for the retweets , ,
Taking advantage of some quiet time to make plans for our trip to NYC for #techmunch on Thursday. here we come!
Pretty pumped up for #Stagecoach! 3 weeks from today. Who is going?
oh good. I got worried. But that's not what made your night.
send us some business cards & we'll do the same, Thx for the follow- we look forward to your tweets! :)
I Thank God, ithankGod, I thank God, #IThankGod !!!! :) .
ASHE rough draft sent your way, friend! let's DO this!
does anyone want me to stay on twitter?
RT : The holy ghost makes you forgive the unforgivable!
#FF Thanks, Linda for the mention. Right back atcha!
I told him this afternoon, when do you wanna come see us?
im going to be like plankton im going to grow up marrying my computer
Well that was definitely an hour of my life that was wasted.
Rookie of the year is on...my night just was finalized for plans.
He's not a restricted free agent.
Everyone go follow my new friend!!
hahah so bad
Let us know if it bounced again. Thanks!
go on Fb and get 6 ppl to like metro ford and they will give you 4 free VIP tickets for Saturday lol I did it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
mixed feelings about this new addition to the #OED: "<U+2665> to heart."
A room full of salsa dancers is a beautiful thing to behold with Orquesta De Kache. Ready to groove in tonight!
MT: If anyone's inspired by 's talk, apparently there are $20 tix to tonight's production of
I'm Performing at the Clothing Season 2 Release Party May 26th @ 8pm @ Spectacles @ 230 E GrandRiver!!! Come Through & Enjoy!
lol .. damn get the fuck up then gee ! fuck u on the floor for my nigga ? lol && you THINK ? damn
So I register my new and I'm automatically opted into all emails from not just Jeep but also Chrysler, Dodge, Ram and Fiat?? Weak
Thanks... blocked in many ways :)
i seriously foreshadowed my own life while being entirely oblivious. way to go. #hindsightis20/20
Oh I'm tired
you're welcome! you're delicious! love your low cal options - healthy and economical!
Finally getting my tux for prom.
fab's the word. Have always wanted an evening gown in silver crescents & fishscales that'd make me look like Chrysler :)
silly rule.... I called back!
yeah i know.... i got my hopes up for nothing :/
2012 film watching! #31. Chronicle (Trank, 2012). Pretty cool little film, i was with it for the first 2/3 of it, then it fell apart some.
. proud of his mom's college degree, but thinks college is bad for today's youth. at least he's consistently hypocritical.
Getting cavities filled, listening to while it happens
i've seen both an both are awesomely funny
Back on my twitter grind
#milwaukee We are in the market for a truck crane possibly that can do 2500lb or more. Can anyone point us in the right direction?!?
The DBQ was on cricket. Seriously.. CRICKET?!
There's nothing a woman hates more than a clingy guy well maybe there is but I know they hate clingons!
Hey can u follow me? Its miguel from Ahills.idk if u remember me though
thats probably it ...
Come to the B today for a tasty sweet, a burger, or one of our delicious flatbreads!
Should be AT the game, but I'll settle for watching at my Hill desk. Just heard fighter jets en route to #Nats Stadium
hey man can u help me with business or anyway to make money on Twitter?
Jillian for your information im already done for today and you better believe I'll be in chicago this summer.
heh. A Vulcan mind-meld. We retweeted each other simultaneously :)
CaliforniaViews thanks for following me on Twitter!
and everybody check out www.squalaorphan.com
Omg I said that put loud on accident and my brother in the other room, he probably heard me.. Haha oh well
Drinks and wings on a Wednesday #LarryTime w/ ....people over my crib tomorrow and EDC on Friday,
8 lab essays down, 4 more to go.. #Icandothis!
Wow, im already in bed, and my mom tried to get me to do chores
I Am. Tell 'em that.
oh, so THATs Scully. I thought he did radio. But yeah, he's good. Don't need anyone else.
On Dick Clark: "But because he was never cool and never sold himself as an arbiter of cool, he could never become uncool." (h/t )
WE CRAZY DANCING TO FREEK AND LEEK LOL U GUYS SHOULD WATCH ITT
I need a tape. It's gone be hard going through these growing stages.
The Blind Side favorite movie ever and best part is I met the guy who plays big mike this weekend
True that! But they still show more EPL than anything NHL-related. Why does ESPN hate North America??!?? :-)
yup. & I have just mastered chicken. I don't even know where to start with anything else.
Just broke a feed validator. I guess that means my feed is invalid?
fuck off zack you live under a rock as far as food is concerned
haha ima have to disagree with you on that one man lol
Getting ready to melt some faces off! This little break was far too long....
Hi I might have a movie script for you. Thanks for the follow.
TEAM (Logical Position) signed up for: Summer Westside Softcore Co-Ed Kickball at Gabriel Park Sundays
What is the worst possible name to call a child?
La La Anthony married to NBA star Carmelo shares motherhood has taught her "patience and how spot on (her) own mother was about everything!"
It's going on the ballot in Minnesota in November, too.
I'm sure that's one of the Rules of Aquisitions...not that I have a clue what those are...
One way to force yourself to buy database software is to let the trial version hold your research hostage three days before a paper is due.
Gossip Girl finale was good! I was surprised that Blair picked Chuck.
Sniff more lines than a bar code
RT : Great group of educators in the house talking all things blended learning!
Beijing needs to keep the global economy growing or they will atrophy. They are the next great imperial power. Time to grow into that role.
Happy New Year Twitterverse!
gratz on the good interview, place alliance with me
": Watching you play is porn for nerds."
I flew through the hunger games trilogy but this book I'm reading now I haven't gotten into it yet. Slow and steady wins the race?
Thx. And, I have lots of videos to accompany my book. Will e-book readers embrace multimedia forms soon?
Visit the Denver Business Journal to find out about local gov't jobs. www.look4govjob.com
look!RT : Don't forget SD, free burger today 528 5th Ave. Just show that you follow us on Twitter!”
RT : Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money 4 cancer resrch - going for world record today Please RT
Very cool. Break a leg! No Time to Weep opens at the Matrix Theatre on Melrose April 14, starring !
Maybe it has to do with Planned Parenthood's habit of consulting women in their own treatment decisions. Blasphemous!
You might not be the one but you the one I desire !
Monitoring for active military @ $10 per month and free when deployed. We are honored to help support our troops.
Dnt get me wrong sme come in lookin real nice but majority I just have to smh
Movie !! :) " A Day After Tomorrow " and then finishing "Troy ". :)
Tired. Been up for almost 24 hrs!
Agreed! I always am a little intimidated in a new office to just jump in and give an idea. But It feels good
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others. -Audrey Hepburn
OSO's parent company, Artists4Artists Entertainment updated their website.
Man I'm above you level by 3 dawg.
that Mitchell scott kid is going to be there fml
Echofon RT : what app do y'all prefer to tweet mobilely?
We have just become an allergen-free bakery: no dairy, no eggs, no nuts, no wheat. So for all food allergy sufferers out there - dig in!
am I gonna be one of them?(:
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
Wishing all our US clients Happy Thanksgiving and BIG thank you to our analysts are working today to support our clients.
why am i #fb chatting with someone sitting three feet from me?
Do any of your NYC stores have the 4S in stock? I haven't had a phone all week bc of the apple awful stores here. Please let me know
Thanks for making us a part of your daily, Vanessa!
I guess a come back is out for Ryan Leaf.
we once had to drop something off for your father!
Looks like a good 6 man tag match
Goodnight lovelies!! xox
(RE: previous tweet) HOW CONVENIENT
voicemail- "HEY JIM, i'll be at your house @ 6am to go hunting. I'm gonna pull up outside your house. Not gonna wait around. Bring coffee."
I can't loose u either baby I'll be fine
Love running and catching the train
RIP Gary Coleman and Dennis Hopper.
beautiful day in san diego, what you doin for God today?
I hope you drop a bowling ball on your big toe
Anderson impresses me more and more every game
On the el trying to keep from demolishing these garbage ass wannabe rappers
The concert was totally sold out (400+) . . . and then some as they over-sold and added seats and STILL had a waiting list!
Neil, wine is still solid. Benefitted with air for sure. Acidity tames with air
Totally loved my first day in the real world!
Thank you!
You are down at SXSW?! Sick man I have always wanted to go.
tattoo appt. w/ jen =)
Serious storm brewing for the markets next fee weeks. After 3 day holiday weekend no rally in sight. Rolling short selling works.
South Florida's grand opening tomorrow! Who's going? We are!
Live your life by design...Access your business from anywhere in the world! WOW - Kathleen TY4
#CabinintheWoods is the smartest, funniest, scariest, BEST horror film since Scream. Perfect.
They say choose wisely thats why i stay chosen
OMG YOU RATCHET. SUCK MY PEN YOU, YOU, CRACKER SUCKING HIPPO.
so true, but you have only been to two shows! ;)
it you like a person you like them for who they are and not their skin color. Should not decide wheather they like you or not
Jason Hammel, out of ballplayer factory Treasure Valley Community College, fires 8ip, 2H gem in Balts win over Minny
School then work tonight up in cincinnati blah. Can't wait for this day to b over
RT : We will be siting down with to talk #storage & #oem next week. Send us your questions
Lmao!! I agree! Now you sound Christlike": Nah! d Hussein tingy sounded too formal and al-qaedaissh! **whispers** "
Anyone going to be tweeting updates from today?
I think im walking too fast
hahaha YES I am =] HELLO !! How are you?
yes we do have a cp but on a sat, randoms tend to park and fill it, and didnt want u to get lost aha
The Silk Tie likes Ian and funk crusading! We are tie crusaders, thesilktie.com
If you bought your 2012 Johnny's Pizza Calendar don't forget to use your Free Pizza Coupon before it expires at the end of January.
Charlie St. Cloud a good ass movie ! Not going to lie
darn I don't know if we will back from Canada in time for the show
Anyone wanna FaceTime?
Today is National Girls & Women in Sports Day! RT to show your support for the Ladies in all sports, especially softball!
Hopefully my dad fixes my car so I can get back to denton
Ryan Braun attributes his home run power to never drinking Limelite Fusion Drink in his life.
what a major, major disappointment. Toobin would know.
I'm so happy you and decided to visit me!!
Deals Deals Deals, all over the place! Cool
Good point. Consider submitting for a workshop so you have plenty of time to cover the material.
you kids are great, let's find a way to collab!
Defense! Chargers make a stop!
"What do you got if you ain't got love."
Looking for a trumpet to borrow in London on Aug. 23. Know anyone there who plays?
This #Brewers game is so long, one of the interns from a local radio station just became full-time.
Outlet malls with ((:
RT : Attending conference for the first time? Make sure to go to the First Time Attendees meeting from 2-4:30 on 4/22
also, perhaps get away from typical Wisconsin fare in general.
Could you please ask my sister, , to follow me? She thinks she's
What's up homie? ; P
No #BASHH for me tonight. Too much to do and a big day tomorrow.
Yeah, it's always good to get outside one's comfort zone and learn something new. It's what we want our students to do, right?
Well that's what she wants to do because of what you said to her.
(3 of 4) TweetDeck then lets me display those Lists in separate columns.
dude, so are you back here yet?
The #bostonmarathon is a week away! Are there any #necb students, alumni or faculty running?
Golazo - Now with Sugar free and stuff you can wear. Keep checking their FB page. For a sneak peak www.iwishiknewkungfu.com
it is....I have barely looked at my first three chapters that I'm rewriting. I won't need my original until about chapter 4.
stop watching.
#ThatTerrifyingMoment when you completely fuck up a friendship that was the closest you have ever had.
they're done, finished cooked.
Tune into WakeUp to see the First Stage Glee Club perform.
Heading to SFO for the Alliance of Nonprofit Management Annual Conference.
any time! twitter is awesome RT : Thanks!
Heads up - gross fish picture on the top of the Pioneer Press website.
How can you call Magic a Laker hater?
awready that's a bet. My web designer.
Follow Back:)
I was just in CT last month giving my Get Work as an #Actor and
new fitteds www.kingoffitteds.com Devils,Expos and Yankees Denim.,.....
Haha that's the ticket!
Thanks guys we are really glad you like it! God bless
RIP Whitney. So sad.
So's
Man I love hearing Billy n Pondo speak while playin hockey.
I just wanna go home take a shower and sleep
efficacious eniwetok: Vonage reports $14 million in income, loses ...
i like skool a little bit
um where are my wings damit
HAHA!! Well you know what they say.... Practice makes perfect!!
Thanks, Wendy. It was a good presentation.
work tonight?
Friday: Avengers matinee at Cinnebare in 3D, followed by , finished w/ Mariners game.
that was her, not me! :-)
Quit a nonpaying project today...and picked one up. Who says theatre is dead? Also I applied for foodstamps.
I want a boy who will actually chase after me if I tried to walk away ...
To find love, you must first be willing to look for it
you think the 45 degree nights in san diego are cold now?!
Good Morning to all our twitter fans! Luv your tweets! Want more of them!! Enjoy your day today!
The coolest new coffee in #Oakland, we heart "We roast coffees we love in Emeryville. We sell them in Rockridge...& tea"
i personally plan to have a beer in hand by 9:00 a.m., laugh at the runners, and have chugged my 2nd by 11 a.m. :D
When is Rick Ross going to come out with another song alread-- oh okay he just did again.
Yo mamma is so thin that she could be used as a rope at the circus to make someone ride a unicycle on her.
Your face. Your face. Your face. Your face.
works for me!
Obviously with airline food you go through thousands and thousands of kilos of asparagus as a opposed to a box of asparagus,
Gracias for the support!
meet me at the lake
I like to think it is a commentary on the nature of human eyes in photography. Or something high-falutin' like that.
just some chick that has nothing better to do
That one was by Carter deLaat. You like?
ever since I was a kid i had this thrill for technology i would be able to fix anything just like that and today it all pay's of Geek Squad
mane the refs cheated y'all still ain't gettin the ring
I want to run, but only far enough for you to miss me.<3
that's so two hours ago ;)
Come to APEX Share Expo. See apexshareexpo.org
oh let em! Indy is big. And bench is strong. There's no way sweep
wow really#R.I.PLonte, damn recenlty we prty in Miami & chill @ house & now ur gone! lifes to short
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
“No personal pride. It’s a team effort” -Bryzgalov
6LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all<U+2665> 4
“I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to to dance better than myself.” Mikhail Baryshnikov
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly. ~ Robert H. Schuller
A Super Bowl tradition: Watching John Facenda narrated NFL Films highlights. FIrst up: 1972 Dolphins.
Wine-ing.
is killing it! in the house! You should be here!
you've officially graduated! We are into the Cl names now. CONGRATULATIONS JOE!! You earned it!!
thanks for being part of the community.
Melo had an awful game but that ref that called the offensive foul should be investigated...
Yum! Wanna share? ;) RT I fried Myself Sme Khicken, And Im Drinking Tampico Juice.
Saw The Fighter and The Kings Speech on Christmas. Both fantastic films. Write up coming soon (maybe)
Thank you for the mention Kris!
I celebrate YOU who give freely of your best selves: "When it comes to giving, some people stop at nothing." - Anonymous
#cody what do you do to pass time on the road? ((:
full speed ahead everybody lets go
the white stripes ball and a biscuit pavement rattled by the rush
Y iz everything so hard
I was one of those. Question just got answered.
Monster attacks Britt...Britt is dead.
"Bags Fly Free" on #SouthWestAirlines. God, i wish i was married to a bag.
Is there anyone on this show that hasn't been told 400 times this season that they're beautiful? This song seems disingenuous.
Maybe we should all get our own helium balloons
so do we!
6/10 11:10 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Marina Franklin
The families of both the new victims and the inmates can't be happy with that statistic.
"Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are."
Cynthia Rowley's advice: "Be a pathological optimist. Stay interested. Surround yourself with smart people. Fake it till you make it."
probably ! It tripled my love for FUR SURE
Seriously, the entire Brewers major league roster is going to be on the DL by the end of June.
Storm troopers sure are gullible.
got u no doubt
Also, huge thanks to and for bringing Lord of War and Chase Walker to THE UNDERGROUND today. I love those guys.
so jealous man. When we all visit you gotta take me to wrigley
My parents never answer when I call them. What if I was dying? :(
The moment when you come to school, and realize you have no classes because everyone's on a field trip!
yes I'm going to be a dj :)
And now everyone has won a postseason series. Horay for MLB postseason parody!! Hustle plays and antlers earned that for the Rangers.
I love when my boo looks in my eyes before we kiss
It's FF (FIRST Fridays) in Buffalo-the Christmas Edition. Stop by a WNY gallery tonight (we have almost 200 of them).
not inn a good mood soo im going to sleep
A german kid stoke all of my virginities my girlfriends going to be pissed.... At least they left my animal crackers!
no worries. How you doing?
yeah, I think its an hollow threat. The wrost maybe fighting? thats it. Either way I pray she's safe aswell
Its just been too damn long, 27 years and no ring because u cant friggin draft ventin today twitter world
No that was just a fun one to do. Feel free to share. i am gonna make another GSD pic soon hopefully!
my bluetooth falls out and under my seat while on a call with my sister announcing she's prego with twins
We knocked the eagles the falcons and the bears off now we about to cut Troy polamalu hair off!
Off to LCAD to model!
your legs are bomb already!
busy night ahead lol
": Anger cannot be overcome by anger. If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is a disaster."
Brief outing to Liberty Tavern in Clarendon for lunch. The shrimp chowder was so freakin' GOOD!!!
I think I am in love with him and EVERYTHING he does - I want him to do my house....
Watching the fight in the middle of the hood.great night.
Holy cow. Ever since I started using Google Plus heavily, I have gotten really bad at remembering to check on Twitter.
Ladies bring out the Little Black Dressed The Black and Purple Edition This Saturday Special Pre-Mother's day Wine testing
Yup!! The youth are interested and ready RT : Engaging youth is what it's all about!
I know right...everything breaks, plus you need to explain how to use the system.
will glow in the dark for up to a half hour 2/2
GREAT WIN ! Thank you!
Oh. Well that makes sense. Hahaha:) You guys are adorable! Old friends I presume(;
Let's go boys.....let's get at Hamels!!!!! #LETSGOYANKEES!!!
Visit us at the Padre Pep Rally at Otay Ranch Town Center 12-4 today. See you there!
out then play with my tongue on you then get back up and do what I do best and go to work on you wit my big dick and my strokes cause ima
Also..how concerned should i be that my number is A032 and I havent heard a single A called yet after another 10 minutes....
RT : You know what would make this Thursday better? #tacos !!!! <- amen. Fuzzy ones maybe
Looking forward to seeing you there!
hope yuh can pik me as one of yur followers it been a dream of mine ily victoria yur the best
how do u define living in a van? I mean, ive never been dead in the van. Everyone else here us alive, right? Ok. Yeah.
Lamb's quarters are delicious and can be used like spinach (though I like them better cooked.)
Yes! I believe in #MKE & young profs R engaged @ policy lvls even if it's not their day job!
Lots of rebounds. Very few made shots. Not good.
Not really sure how this works yet at all so i'll just go for it... and
Looking at the regular show one of my best shows
Don't be afraid to join the waiting list for 's "Building HTML5 Applications" next week - we will be standing room only again!
time to cross the pond!
Men are born to succeed, not fail. Henry David Thoreau
I'm bouncin' through the club like tigger
Kid Rock (aka Middle-Aged Country) endorses Mitt Romney. But I'm not voting until weighs in.
S/o for the follow and being a fan of the magic even though they stink way to ride wit ya boys
Ready to start #HackingEdu ? Thanks, , for your constant support!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 4
:( Why so popular. Yes, benefits ArtsFund grant recipient arts orgs. Will keep you posted of future events. Thx 4 passing it on.
Thanks Serge....
it's ok, I have an elephant's memory
theres a remake called let the right one in. Theyre both really good.
We love coffee baby!!
I think so too!!
Weird when a women and women kiss each other & finger each other ? e ! terrible !
Haha I mentioned him earlier.. I was like.. there's a name I haven't heard in while.
Shout out to for featuring our new accident app! Glad you guys find it useful :)
I'm checking out the tejano music festival - not part of #sxsw ? Here in Austin, TX - then I will walk over to shoreline auditorium
“ weekend in Atlanta”|Im planning my bday party now
celebrating and my bday at 's place tonight, come along now errybuddy
really?! That's awesome! And yes you did make on sexy man! haha.(:
Show off your performance skills during Open Mic from 8pm onwards!
Hi! Yes I am fine! Thank you for noticing and caring. :)
Watching Grown ups now movie is funny
HI Everyone! I am new to this too. Is it OK that I join in?
120!? Awesome. Never been to Matt Murphys - been meaning to try out their whiskey flights and trivia nights.
aite. im bout to see wassup wit him then
Its like 9 in da MA oops I mean da AM
Tryna sneak outta Miami tonight
Don't worry it's just the beginning we'll figure it out somehow
I might run into you later. Gonna try to make it for Posse.
My breakfast this morning RULED. Omelette with ground venison, red/green peppers, onion, spinach...and plenty of butter. PRIMAL, fool.
good for you!
What in the hell was in that stuff at Yogurt Stop?! I am dead tired right now :(
Russell Wilson, Sr, 5-11, 204 Seahawks , team loves his skill set and leadership . Wilson manages to make some noise at quarterback..
1st glimpse of the Pride. luck needed 4 test 2morrow.
Let's go Bulls ~ <3
Alabama really sucks.
I love her so much she is the love of my life oshley for life!
Thanks, retroactively, to all my friends for not mocking the "steampunk" theme of that play I was in to my face. That must've been hard!
Omg Jonathan your picture of you and Danielle is soo freaking cute!! (Profile Picture) lol! Aw! <3 (:
Hey folks! To make things less complicated, we will now be tweeting only from Follow us for updates on #WineRiot & more!
is that movie on
Only five fictitious names were found by the GAB.
im still waiting for u to bust some rhymes
I had rice today...no fries! This morning was a breakfast sandwich. Now I have to stretch my brain for dinner...
waiting for some #IUBB action!
sorry Magic. Bucky Badger & friends gonna work over the Spartans. I'm from MKE but I got family in FNT.
smh gotta stay after a walk, what's that four walks today for Braun? lol
ugh heck yeah!
Can't wait for !
Thanks for the RT!
#Brewers are making Miguel Batista look like an ace.
I can't believe by this time next week I will officially have my MLIS...
Only at techie events is it good manners to look at smartphone to live tweet
Best part of the Oscars so far: Cirque du Soleil's entrancing LIVE performance.
A 15 year old girl who is terminal w/ cancer has made a bucket list. 1 of her wishes is to trend on Twitter. Give a RT #alicebucketlist”
Hi Mike, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns. Follow me to DM?
Nice! Yes, it's next Saturday.
MEEK MILL tonight at #ECHELON3000 !!!
Panelist Sasha Foo sends a message from her Chinese grandmother -- Why do you want this job!? Crowd laugh. You just have to be here.
Haha he had no arguments at all. I said that Thors hammer cant be picked up so if he set it on the hulk then its over.
I'll take a look. Thanks, Kari! We should do coffee soon and catch up.
It's going to be a beautiful day today in Milwaukee. Get outside and enjoy!
they just played yalls UL song on morning show #ballin still
Dane Cook before I go to sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RSVP for my live performance Hard Rock Cafe April 14
Why did I say yes to working tomorrow... dammit! :(
The Black & white ones those are nice!!!!
Jacketman09 Check our site No minimums we ship world wide! www.varsityjackets09.com You team your colors your team pride
no, not at all.. took the time to sit next to him and got involved.. I've watched the commercials on tv.... lol
Do you make your own pizzas at home? If so, do you stick to the basics or get creative?
are you emotionally prepared for the series finale of #onetreehill next week?
Security is an illusion. Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
a happy new year even to the one dbag out there saying "i hope everyone has a shitty year". here's to 2012
Hahahaha seriously. Like heaven. Why couldn't I have been Born 10 years earlier?
omg i have butterflies in my tummy <U+2665>
LOVE working with our #socialmedia team ! What rock stars!
Just had another fabulous idea... Guessing if I'm gonna sit and write it down this time.
I had a crazy awesome childhood. Can I go back to it?
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
Boys Are Confusing As Hell. I Guess I'm Just ; #undateable . \m/
Sitting home alone while everyone else in my family goes out...cool
you need a ikeep
Can't wait! RT I can't wait to get my on later this week!!!!! Happy Easter/Passover bunny wonders!!!
Anybody else feel like Felix will carry us the rest of the game? Nah, me neither.
we are going to Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop. I will hear of nothing else.
nothin wrong with a little snow :)
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony $200,000 this is wrong! DON'T WATCH ABC! Please RETWEET this Hugh, Thanks Lee
omg hi
well you always having fun without me
Winners in each category will be named at a Gala Awards Banquet on November 3 at the Seaport Hotel in Boston
interesting - never heard of it before but we are constantly marketing for clients involved with similar programs
I was told I didn't have Maddy tomorrow, now suddenly I do & with no set time on when. Not my fault if I'm late tomorrow.
Let's toast to it being Friday.....with 2 for 1 beverages ALL DAY! The nice cold pool awaits you....!
We've got standard buttermilk, plus a rotating fancy flavor. This month's is spiced date! both kinds come with housemade syrup.
i am a full time college student soon to be living on my own again, with an internship and a job, i need to save moneyyss
So, do you think that GM should have gone under? Is there a difference between a corporation who employs so many
worst idea ever. Next.
When I was a kid, most things were closed on nationally recognized holidays. Now, it seems nothing closes for anything..,
this girl said "james franco is ugly." bitch, do you want to die?
I watched some this morning! They're so addicting! Wonder what they'll do for # 200?
I'm not falling asleep, I concentrate better with my eyes closed :l
Omg so awkward! My ex is here O_o
Mark's pants are fucking legit. I wish i could pull them off.
Where is , slone ?
Shawty got potential I could be a sponsor
Just let her talk shit all she wants. Theres no way she'll get between you&hunter. It makes her look stupid.
There are many business options that require small efforts and capital, but that is not the case with the music industry
I keep waiting for the NCAA to announce that last night's performance by the Anthony Davis Five was just an April's Fool Stunt, but....
Beerbelts and Moonshine RT Well it looks like I'm going to the Spring game tomorrow with
Hahaha amen! :D You tell em!
yeah I'm embarrassed - and it's still not done!
RT : Commit to the process. What will be will be.
Love is like two people pulling a rubber band. If one lets it go, it hurts the on who held on. <3
Cheesecake Factory?! So jealous. Bring me some lol.
get yo ass over to art class!
You think you feel ignored? Ha! What do you think the Yellow Light goes through every day?
would def. be interested in dad's feedback; I'm an intern at the museum & might be interested in writing a blog post, etc
(4/26) Take a chance on 's RebelBingoParty where people win weird prizes and drink&dance to DJs NancyWhang +
Several new Los Angeles Pokatok practice sessions scheduled for Summer. Times, dates and locations to be announced.
“: I'm following you. ” miss you situation! Let's rage soon!
appreciate the info, but I'm still optimistic for the season and the pitching staff. keep working hard
what am I? chopped liver?
Hated by many! Loved by few! Respected by all! I just tell it how it is...
Orgeron grounded out to first but drove in one run to extend the Cajuns' lead to 2-0.
don't jinx it. also spend a few days in ohio & florida and tell me if u say the same.
7-7! Let's Go Giants!
They were brilliant, the councillor said.
Bring your friends and family. Bundle up and grab a hot coco
RT from Iran: signs today both police and basij may have members sympathetic to us. Reach out to them now
i dont think people actually read my tweets but thats okay. HEY GUYS WHATS UP.
#obamaCU Your live feed, sucks... an IPHONE can stream better than this. ASPECT RATIO!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways call you and talk for hours. Texting is a friendship thing.
We just tapped Brooklyn Brewery's Mary's Maple Porter... Delicious!
I feel like we can finally talk!
also Juliette Chung's paper in panel no. 528 #aas2011 (funny having to write out "no." to avoid inadvertent hash tag)
Hey! Can you say hey to my friend Kathleen she loves you!
lol “: never lied!”
Hey Adam, I would love to have you on my radio show in Jerusalem, Israel!
you are confusing things here...the comment you called racist referred to his parents ...not him
okay, wonderful (: can't wait! I have been scheming and I think I have come up with the perfect idea!
That too.
"Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude." ~Ralph Marston
you would probably get behind him and push his ass you sick bastard
had two blocks tonight that were some of the best hustle plays the #Bucks have had all season.
I hear you I like it for a beginner its cool stay wit it you got potential now take it to da moon bro
Won't be there for another hour.
Shooting some stuff out on the Promenade tomorrow starting around noon. If a giant crowd showed up, that would be awesome. Wink, wink.
lol thanks hannah! :) I am I can only handle so much
"Geography of the Meth Epidemic" Monica Stephens
I hate when ppl pocket dial me consecutively
So glad you could attend the event! RT : Great morning event #ad4mh great charity to support in Milwaukee
sandiegoDTOWN.com will host an event at Confidential and La Puerta on July 15. Mark your calendars! Really cool prizes!
Getting ready for #MichaelJackson show tonight tonight by pumping the Greatest Hits in the office right now.
haha..I took a pic with marc yst! but I didn't get the last book . John plz prepare for more questions coming to u from janice
who did yhurs
RIP Tony
We have a great dialogue happening about Civic Engagement @ our Institute in St. Paul - thx 2 those who traveled 2 be with us
Im hungry and dont feel goin to get im so lazy lol
So you're saying I shouldn't bother doing laundry.
wake up :)
Woahhh. Feeling way better than I have the past few days
Had a great time! Can't wait to try what's next.
RT : Retweet For A Shout Out !
Google can't lose people's trust, or they'll be lost to competitors
we hope you enjoyed it :)
Best weekend of my life.
Guy obviously did an outstanding job. Who's idea it was to put him on a plane for several hours just to go see a consultant?
Loved the segment -but you guys missed the MIDI turntable & scratch tv- which was released b4 the devices mentioned
This is the lamest episode of Mama's Family ever. Oh, it's Taylor Swift...nevermind. Still better than Rhianna and Coldplay.
Skills--find content, organize it, criticize it, and USE it. We need people who can do things, not just talk.
I am loving the "best of" ..... but it seems like there should be a "best balcony" award... NOLA has some great ones.
what happened to Diashini!?
If doesn't start at least 8 games this year for the #Seahawks, it'll be an absolute travesty.
have to go with piss a marble .. shitting a watermelon would tear your ass open.
Let's do the Time Warp again.
At #compcloud listening to Adrian Gostick talking about engagement & motivation & incentives
That's great news! You're on our schedule! See you on Tues :)
I am going to tweet you until you follow me. Expect a tweet every now and then until you follow me.
how are u?
serious? GA plays GA tech...non conference schools..the hype of this is it border games is ridiculous
Submitted to a number of 2010 film fests (fingers crossed). Now trying to organize a local "sneak preview" towards the end of February...
Want to have the best gift at the #babyshower ? Give Toot Away. They'll laugh. Then thank you a million times after the baby is born.
LOL I don't get it...
kicking ass
Great info on ConsumerVue. Good to see you guys spreading correct information about the PDR
#ImThatPersonWho cant stay mad at you
Tonight will tell all! Game 7.
When your dad is secretly a bitch to the same person you hate (: thanks for takin my side dad, love you <3
it s you tho:) Santana is perfect:D
aww well it was nice to see u
ADHD Allies uses facebook to support adults with ADHD: community, resources, videos, stats. Pretty well done by McNeil Pediatrics. http: ...
Who will press for change in our arts organizations? Many forces support the status quo.
Just got my DVD in the mail, then ran into Cupid himself, ! Happy times!
WHY IS THERE CAT HAIR EVERYWHERE
lmao Cal you got SERVED !!!RT Aahh, then say "drive the Maxima" Cal! You know me better then that <U+263A>
#realization : I'm always all about summer classes beforehand, and when they finally start I hate myself for taking them
We felt shaking, but thought it was a big truck driving by our office in Pt. Loma. RT : Did you feel shaking? We're looking...
Today at my home church was special. It was the 20yr reunion of the 1st song I EVER led with a choir. "Jesus Is Real" I gave God my all toda
checking The Twitter screen options...finally!!!
Pastry chefs have my heart. They work so hard - are scientists to some extent - and don't always get the nods.
- that's great! Allergies were taking my voice hostage all week.
Got some students asking about internships. Are you all offering some for the summer?
So bored! :( really don't want to go to school tomorrow!!! :(
I'm already done with the NBA for the year.
RT : This ain't like kindergarten where you could dry hump a bitch at nap time and rest easy that all you could get was cooties.
See you tomorrow :)
good. Who'd you stay with?
FREE LEGAL FORMS, ANY STATE COURT, 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM/ ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
I know I laughed so hard my sides were hurting I would love to see that episode again is the show on dvd?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Hope this day will be EXTRA special for you. Enjoy it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
"is this fair trade cocaine?"
time to.send the.goones lol
Was it the fitted sheet? NO ONE should be judged for their ability to fold the fitted sheet...
I think I am going to beauty blog today. Also I think I need to talk about my look lately and why it kind of upsets people.
UT to hire Cutcliffe. What sense does it make to force out a coach then hire his coordinator two years later.
I wonder if it's a bad time to order pizza right now??? O_o
So while everyone's tweeting about Austin doing AUSTREAM I'm sitting here sad cause I cant watch it </3
Does that involve alcohol? If so, we're in!
Today is CA's 30th annual Day of the Teacher! Sincere thanks, especially to LBUSD teachers who brought 5,200 5th graders to LBMA this year!
Today is such a beautiful day! :)
Guess you don't know nobody no more huh?----ATL on >>>>>>>
How exciting, real people followed me today. It doesn't happen as often as it used to. Welcome and :)
It had me at "vi keys."
Be a singer. That's All I Really Wanna Do.
Go #Pacers!
Good luck, Rickie n Prince!
In my first 2 months of college I became managing member of an LLC in order to help marginalized women overseas find hope.
is holding a BIG #singles / #dating #contest next month & looking for sponsors. $200 in prizes so far. DM for details and pls RT!
Had a client practice new to EMR letting one eye technician take charts home to input data for the next day. Talk about juggling grenades.
reception at 5p.m. for new OSU Libraries Director, Carol Diedrichs, Dr. Gee & other VIPs welcoming her
did you know?The average garden variety caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head.
Love life while we're still alive.
Woke up feelin really good!
Trend of the Week: Radiant in Red 'Tis the season for scarlet hues considering all the red we saw strutting down the red carpet this week
Clouds look like a lot of things except like clouds, definition of identity crises.
Heavy rain expected in Portland area starting tonight all through thanksgiving!! Sigh. Is this the beginning of the end of nice weather?
you were the first one. <U+263A>
My mission statement is to be awesome.
take notes, I want a report .... :)
OMG we have been BFFs for almost 2 years and have not even met in person yet!
Local: Buy One get One Free Holiday Arrangement! Act Now Limited Supply Call 419-475-9646
It's kind of ironic that my ex called and then the song Jar of Hearts came on the radio..
#Gemini can be one of the most committed signs BUT not before playing the field 1st.
My mom is better than your mom!! Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms out there!!
Got to meet Nikki Sixx and saw Florence + the Machine perform...that's a good Tuesday!
aww. Well hopefully he starts tweeting again :)
The map from home to work is a solid red line. I'll never get there. Sigh
haha yeah yeah I'm good I'm good :)
thats apart of life, get use to it!
Up to my neck: n goat getting ready for tonight's goat dinner. First course. Curry scented goat carpaccio, Rita, potato chips.
sam stays on his couch when he is in NYC
Music tonight (Wed., May 9) 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
BoltBus just stopped at a BK in Connecticut and EVERYONE walked in and ordered ice cream
I think he doesn't have one n ur the cute one here :3
"Your body is adaptable, with remarkable capacities to heal. Empower it as much as you can through your lifestyle." --The 100 Year Lifestyle
As did Junior and Matsui.
They were on the mat together and Cam just rolled over and started licking Jacks forehead. Jack doesn't seem to like it.
ha no definatly not. Dude have you ever ate here is insane...im scared
#projectX is pretty funny, but is was more baddass then anything else..
I really need to take my contacts out, my eyes are starting to hurt ):
That's right NeNe! Keep them a child as long as they wanna be one because later on...WHEW GIRL!! LOL
I dont want this night to end! <3
Another great guest tonight: The fabulous DJ PIERCE ala Shangela from Ru Paul's Drag Race....FIERCE!
no problem. i couldn't find your name when i went to post it, or i would have credited you! i'm in abington - close by :)
My mom AND my dad love Call Me Maybe... Well done :)
Friday the 13th!
weather looks like it going be bad
Grading P6 today. Woo.
Hah, thanks. It is pretty pirate-y.
RT : Hello! It's damp & rainy here. We saw the new episode, it is so funny. Love your show!
Rumor has it that is going out of business. They were our print partner for years and will be missed.
My father had a profound influence on me, he was a lunatic.
There is a time for work. And a time for love. That leaves no other time. ~Coco Chanel
while you are negating the personal sovereignty of another group of people (consensual sex workers). This is absolutely hypocritical.
hey-we have the same birthday!!
In those moments we take time to be thankful for very specific things in our life, right now, today - our cup is getting filled.
#ListOfTurnOns: Hugs from behind, kissing my neck, biting on my neck, lip biting, whispering in my ear.
Congratulations on the milestone, Sarah!
good luck tonight ! See you Friday :)
Looking forward to exploring the walks around San Jose w scanjose.org
Why the hell was i so pissed off about losing $120 at ?
Been on wat u mean?? RT : so u finally get on
thanks! Pleasure meeting you too! Come out to Shore Club on May 5th, I'm spinning
Thanks WEVL for being so rockin
Do I want McDonalds for supper? IDK I'm feeling it.
It's a party for only girls, to eat sausage and watch Patrick Swayze movies. Mm. I choose to see it as a delicious act of counter-feminism
Closed LONG $USDJPY for +1 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 32% SHORT
Just got out of school, stph didn't wait for me as usual, she's getting it tommarow lol ;)
you should get me SO many posters!:D like a BUNCH!:D <333
It makes me think of a female Flava Flav.
oh but can u hangout later
What an awesome job the Denver team has done w/ ! I know exactly how much work it takes to make this event so wonderful. Kudos!!
what is the favorite so far for the Divish first child name poll? I still say Alex Divish!
i'm down
where did u see matt bomer?
All furniture built. Audio equipment set up. Everything is coming together perfectly.
I said "Canvassing for Obama." I wasn't aware he was either.
I'm glad I'm not your friend
QoTD: "Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important, in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not." (Nath ...
hey! Thanks for the follow!
Congrats Hilary Duff on delivering your first Even Stevens, looks like your OB/GYN has #ComeOutToPlay today
You don't get it.
How da fuck Ur moms and grandma sexier than u ? Hoe hit
Xmas Tweets: Mom and Dad arguing about mashed potatoes, while wife stutters through her lie about why she really wants to go to Carson's.
Matt placed 3rd in the skiercross competition at Granite peak !
glad you liked it!
thanks for the spotlight. At roughly 350M of us that is close to 2.2 Billion pounds of trash a day!!!
yay!!! Thank u for sharing this info... I'll download and donate :-)
Great to hear! TY! ;) RT : you are always our choice and believe: you have the best concierge in the world: Walter.
“You are called like the apostles to make God known to others.”
I think so---- just another way to gain presence on the net.
Annette << sometimes we have a love hate relationship
Everyone is following this hero, correct???
So tear another page from the book Are you asleep or just alone? Clear this room from your lungs
Finally bought Greyson's hold on 'til the night special asia edition & 1D's Up All Night !!!!!!
ringalinglinggg! Hello? Hi Vicky!! Thanks for the follow!! xoxoxo love,
Yo, im at SMX in AZ. Social Media conference. Send your humans here next time. I mentioned knowem, they were on it like flies on s.
So there's these two young men who stole my heart --> Austin Mahone and Matt Hunter
Don't mind me...just sitting here thinking of your #bootylicious. What a Wednesday!
What a good morning it is.! Lol
I'm gonna go write. I'm gonna pour a vodka orange juice. Smoke a blunt and write this song because I got words seeping out.
This is an annual tradition we started yrs ago in our cul de sac. Kids r all grown up now but we still do it every year!
Here's a gem: When being musically 'creative' (i.e. composing) all else pales into oblivion, until the piles of letters fall over.
Wishing a very fabulous birthday to an amazing boss and even more wonderful person!!
yeah, i know it'd suck alot! :P But y'know you'll find someone exactly like that one day, as loving and caring as austin(c)
One of my grandfather's died right before T was born. I think of it every time T's birthday rolls around.
dear can't wait to see the what line up is for the coke stage this year :D
The 7 Figure Speaking Empire iPhone app is now available for the iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad! Open App store and search "MVP & Associates"!
Just ran 10 miles, 7 to Lambeau Field and did the Packers 5k after.
Lauren-Take 90 or 94 to get to Indiana, then resume normal travel plans. LSD/55 will be closed.
and I was replying to your awesomeness tweet
On Feb. 29, 1896 the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad entered into receivership.
Facebook has changed the landscape. We are onstage whether we want to be or not. #globeinsiders,
all of my #dirtywork is not appropriate for Twitter...
Is it bed time yet?
I'm off now. (: RT : what time u get off of work?
Why am I still here? :/
Even tho I'm angry at I'm excited to see her ugly ass (:
I swear every one got a hair cut today
How did people fare now that #NaNoWriMo is over? Are you catching up on sleep right now?
": #AfternoonDelite Question1: What's a food that you would like to use during a sexual experience: Cinnamon Rolls....LOL!!
that pitch was painful! even if it is edited for tv to look like this. if he interrupted every single time...not cool!!!
I can't stop watching this what not to wear marathon!! Ah
Thank you to the new followers & 342 does not make me Blue!
So what did you do today? I graded 15 essays, went through half a box of kleenex, and drank a gallon of water.
Julian, Can you say happy Birthday to Zoe! shes one of my bestfrienndss (:
I am stunned U R the most creative intellegent talent person on the show
Wow-ee! A real person I don't know is following me! Thanks, ! It's the small things in my world.
I can't get enough of the pit beef and collard greens from
: Come for the real Matt Branham, stay for the naked Bill Murray background.
Who was the first president of the USA ? JESUS
hey hey
Come get some, you little bums. I got a lot, and you can't get none.
The gods too are fond of a joke. ~ Aristotle
When your bored, creativity strikes
Thanks for following back and welcome! X
0ld School Jam @ Santa Ana Star Center this Sunday!
im not lol XD i do the same before i accept a person
running the board for the game vs the New Jersey Nets on
If you guys haven't yet but go follow my original account
Great discussion today on education
Bring on the Devils!!!!!!
help us #SAVECACS and get that same support for Victims of Child Abuse Act. W/o help kids can grow up to be adult
I was watching something on TV talking about disciplining your child, I just have a hard time yelling at Gavin, he is too cute!
I think so, at least until senility sets in, should have a few good years left.
I just wanted to say hi to everyone before i go to school
has same interests as NBA star “: Congrats to the Minnesota Lynx on being the World Champions!!!”
don't forget brain soup, brain nachos, fried brain, brain lo mien, pickled brain, brain omelet, beer battered brain...
That's crazy! Thank you so much! I think I'm gonna post a new one everytime I gain 1k so yea.. Glad you liked it :) <3
We will announce some awesome contest next week! Stay Tuned...
how? Haha. Are you gonna try to come with us?
Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang
#highfive thank you!
Did you know that you were snapped by the google earth streetview cam? Totally stand out in your jersey!
Will do - hit me up - let's build.
yeah you're right
you got yourself a deal
Sleep Call me at 9:30
Teague, Davis, Lamb, Wildcats unbelievable game!
i love looking at zumies online... want EVERYTHING!
Why everybody hating on Mayweather?!
Wish Brian Williams would've dropped the personal questions, focused on the national issues more, really sad debate
got any suggestions on books i can read up on this??
Had a full day of airsoft today. Fun, good and tired.
it's too stressful.
Straight off the boat..
I gotta get to sleep early morning good night all
I think I'm going to go see Mucca Pazza this week.
Excited for the Final Four featuring Ohio State!
are you having a bad day?
The Real-Time Beta is addicting.
Oh, God. It took me a minute to figure out what was going on there. I thought it was super NSFW!! Low-hung pregnancy!
sure not!
lol no they just look alike I think Omarion is older
Guys, hold the phone, the bachelorette starts tonight.
Okay. I got a lot of video ideas. Work on my channel this weekend!
So excited will c Cirque De Soleil, Love in Vegas Baby! My life is so amazing Thank u God
You're right, can't argue with that at all...
Hope you have a blast!
I'm going to walk the 12 blocks or so back to my car now & then make myself work out. I hope.
Feels like the days get longer each day
Now you have a family of Spidermen? That's not so bad, right?
When guys cross their legs when they sit
Just wanted to say nice knowing u all, after I hit the MegaMillions today Peace! I'm out!!!
Sweet! Our neighborhood got picked for blue recycle bins! No more harboring trash in the kitchen! lol
ohh okay! cool so you will be with me in will call line! since the others go in a different line. and okay that is good!!
Are you feeling better? I'm glad you had a good day! I miss you, though. LOTS.
got racks on racks on racks<333 ah! song is stuck in mah damnn head
i'll never talk to you again
be nice if the haters of lebron would read what the ppl close to him say about him....the ones that matter
When you need me i'm right by your side. But when i need you, your nowhere to be found. Why can't you be there for me like I am for you?
When you get fake nails for so long then don't have them you feel weird.
oh man! God times!
I like big macs
Interested in learning Salsa (on One) This class will turn you into a salsa pro in 10 short weeks.
Just vacationing I guess lol
Have wit & wisdom? Poise & panache? The ability to swoon a genetically-enhanced dolphin? Creative writers wanted!
Flavor notes for this nespresso pod - burnt plastic, charcoal, finish reminds me of exhaust fumes.
Apparently was supposed to be at the boys school tonight but couldn't make it
Great win today Brewers! Great pitching by Wolf.... must've been the full moon... aaaahhhhh!!!!
Stuck on a plane on the ground at lax for 30 minutes with no free gate arrvd early. Now late!
Really wonder why I didn't throw football around south campus shirtless last year. Oh wait, no I don't.
thank you!! XOXO!
8:30 tonight! Still want to go to the winter festival this weekend?
I am creating plans for the 2012 success coach conference. Very exciting.
.......I actually liked it
What a bizarre night.
Hm. Sorry man.
what about consoles… those cables will still float around.Nay.
no way you serious?!
while in the presence of crackheads, watch your shit.
Pulling quotes from 's Jail No Bail to be put on the Friendship Nine's soon coming twitter feed. They did a great job with this.
RT : "The FLESH thrives on Noise,Activity,Competition & Busyness. The SPIRIT thrives on Silence,Stillness, Solitude & Scripture."
Perfect week for a movie! "Teens Through Time" film series features: "I Know What You Did Last Summer" Wednesday 5/25 @ 4:30p in the Rines!
Friends sweet sixteen tonight <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I don't Look for work..I'd Rather Create Opportunities
follow me ??
Watching the Republican debates with
Brad, are you still in and "Got Next" for our tennis challenge this summer?
I like how uses my twitter to mention herself.
Wow, really? How could women EVER like sports? That's insanity. </sarcasm>
Awww Man I Love My Bitches!!!!
So many of my favorite things in one. New Orleans and the Denver Broncos. Welcome to Denver Tracy!
Milwaukee tweeps: I need an A/V genius who can help us with our TV remote issues. Recommendations?
My sister keeps calling my friend a bitch
LOVE IT!
Part 2, #FF Thanks to all who shared their story on twitter last wk:
I think I might take a nap during lunch!
when is our aniversery
hell yeah let's punch them
Day 1 of the transformation has begun!
Congrats to Lisa Hoak for being our 1,000th fan! Hey Lisa - DM us your email so we can give you that Dirty Ball ticket!
just out here kickin it getting ready for may 20th
If you just tuned in we are live at Javas on Main Street in LeRoy- Marge Fitzsimmons shares her diagnosis of conversion disorder.
Hey, good to "meet" a fellow ink-stained wretch . I look forward to our "conversations."
please tweet happy birthday
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -Thomas Szasz
lovely pic as usual
The text I just sent >>>
#InTheSummer I forget what day of the week it is.
“A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a month's study of books”
Yes. My research is on online war music videos, and several involved memorialization or tribute.
can you follow me back please
Respect to da fallin! SALUTE!!™ 10 beats today will be downloadable n honor for dem! 1st beat will come n 30mins.! p.a.i.n is released den
Come On by Green River Ordinance. yup, perfect.
Food Fact of the Day: April 23, 1985 Coca-Cola announced it was changing its 99 year old secret formula. New Coke was a big flop.
Welcome ! Nice to Tweet you!
follow back :D
Jay-Z, Drake, Kid Ink, Curren$y, Wiz Khalifa
hi love(:
what's going on in Hot Springs today? #du #pioneers that's what!!
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
Me and oomf get along so good im shocked
ALL you ever do is call me.
Nordstrom bistro dinner w/ mom, new makeup & did serious damage at coach (birthday gifts!). Now gossip girl before bed! BEST Monday night :)
New HH menus are available online at www.chefgeoff.com under restaurant name -> menus
Ditto I don't believe they're the only ones either but it still sucks. Didn't need anything to tarnish our Superbowl win.
My cousin brought me three mangos! :)
Rusty spur wit my girl
Shove your shoes up your ass!
Follow and ill Do da Samee for you. Leggo!
She seems all good now but when u grow up u gone see the things u Nevin a woman u can't find it in a lil girl true story
You're begging for attention and it's fucking irritating. I cried for hours this morning and I can still fake a smile so just fucking stop.
Wow today has been the day from the freaking twilight zone!
If you followed me, I'd mean the world. Stay GRAND (:
oh my bad I was talking about the seat in the concert O.e I'm old and confused. There were only a few people standing in front
Love that show!! RT : Watching Shark Tank with
Hello goddess! Thanks for RT on my son in the navy!!!
I'm gonna watch the Spanish channel, even though I don't understand it, just because pirates of the Caribbean is on
can you bring an album out already?!
omfg. somebody why finally understands! lord thank you Jesus !!
Spring Grant Cycle announcement on applications & information coming soon, stay tuned!
RT : We don't make pita but I like to enjoy my hummus with Spuntino or
ok... truth by numbers...
The Orioles need to average 2 victories, per week, thru the rest of the season if they wanna reach 60 wins ...
Kendrick went too hard for the dub tonight haha
Good morning! Shout out 2 parents who give up their saturdays 2 help their children find their destiny & fulfill their dreams..
<-- forcing himself to be happy & carefree in the face of poisonous thoughts. So, let's find some positively cool news to share...
Just checked in at spinks barber shop time to get chopped up...
Really great! All the pieces are coming together nicely - now we just can't wait to see the questions that are submitted
that's why you by garlic already minced in a jar.
Last one awake.... Job well done boys.
Nobody likes bitches, but sometimes people make that bitch in us come out quite easy;
ight fuck dog i wanna get all faded with you!
neither does your husband! Save for a small handful of songs I really don't care for them.
hello:) remind me?
This ain't the life that we chose but its the life that were living. Know we belong on the top but we ain't tripping. Cus we gonn get there
lol my fave besides prince Royce of course
lol! No cake pops for you! U can have a little indulgence you know? So you don't go splurge on junk
haha pretty much...ive switched from studying to deciding which life threatening injury would be the least painful
Ryan can u follow back so we can DM? Wanna talk some pigskin on our show.
Thanks dude. how have you been?
#BetYouDidntKnow Hitler was ticklish.
Haha, that's funny
you smash at the bet honor show.... You did that and that note I thought u were Mariah!
that make one of you ;-) jk
Congrats on 3 million x
coffee, helluva drug
thank you!
Chargers Suck. It's official.
I am pretty low. Its kind of a weird day. I think I need to be little and watch cartoons and cry. :(
I have a test next period o:
Good job Lakers!!!!
That's awesome! Sharing the love is good for the soul. Welcome to NYC. ;)
Just saw guy in Latrell Sprewell jersey.
Unfortunately 33 these are the new Cowboys. #don't make 'em like they used to.
asian pear.
currently watching hanna
check ur stuff babe ...
Downloading SCP 087. I fully expect to need to be held in about a half hour.
always lol im cool tho just ready to get back
Roasted squirrel futures are up on news the GOP will cancel food stamp program. Zombies unaffected so far. via
Fun day outside!!!
IF UR DAY BECOMES FUCKED UP AND STINKS LIKE MONKEY BALLS, IT'S NOT MY FAULT!! #GOODNIGHT #GODBLESS!!
Are you a Cancer? If so, I hope I haven't ruined it for you!
not sure. Saw the preview before Beauty and the Beast and it was amazing! :))
$640 million dollars worth of lotto tickets I'm going to disappear
Cant decide who has the better hot Latina accent... or thoughts or ? I'm sure I know.
Working on a simple animation for a new poetry video. Simple, relatively speaking.
Thanks Breesa! When are we gonna hear a Breesa Track?
Last day to leave a review of LP w/o registering on LooseCubes. Help us represent #NOLA & make their Top 10 List of co working spaces!...
we would choose a low-calorie, organic Willo Cocktails margarita of course ;)
R.i.p. Whitney Houston. Way too young to die
Awesome! MT : On same plane as "I recognized you because of your Wikipedia laptop."
Ninety percent in life is showing up! Anonymous
Great meeting and others at tonight's #ict4d #may2dc tweet up
No one will understand my love for The Big Bang Theory!!
If a guy likes me has to put it in a love song.
Tipsy time
I seriously hate when I bring food to rehearsal and people mooch
#slcwebinar Narrating your work -imagine everyone is in same room - get conversation going that helps others get to know you.
live at our Camp Randall location from 3-6pm! In years past Coach Bielema, Barry Alvarez, and past players have stopped by!
RT Closing Prayer: God of mercy, I praise you for your abiding presence, in all generations, and the blessings you bestow.
RT : I've kicked for a cause with Radio City Christmas Spectacular's Kicking Across America!
I can't believe I'm tweeting about this but watching that tennis match today...holy smokes! Those guys are incredible!
Oh cool! Do keep me posted, that sounds awesome!
I'm gonna love you through it
Driving while your hair decides to flip out the window to say hi to everyone comes back in to slaps you in the face!
Just submitted my first article to a certain magazine. Now, I wait anxiously.
i wish i could of went to one of your #welcometoparidise concerts. Even tho i couldnt i still love and support you! 143 <3
Too busy taking notes to tweet but handouts on history bldg environment issues session are downloadable
#What2ChainzWouldSay My raps simple..ABCs, but I got them dope analogies, I'm countin money..123's, when da cameras flashing..I say CHEESE!!
Lots of interesting discussions here at RIT about future of technology and education. Charging around the campus like a loose electron!
i miss my family
what PG are to in? You scared the crap outta me thinking I missed my PG meeting or worse, I was loosing my mind!
oh i know right! He's my idol lol i'm jealous that he called you! :p
welp I'm going back to my cartoons
are your handwriting skillz as atrophied as mine? … breathe ...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA You guys are crazy!<U+2661>
How are we not in Twitter Jail yet.?
Speaking of bad syfy movies: did by any chance did you see Moby Dick 2010. It was beyond horrible,yet I couldn't stop watching
I don't think that'll happen. I bet it goes to a game 7
I'm tired if reading these damn stories and answering questions.
you do suck less:) That's great!
haha I don't think you're ready
no bike yet. Should have it by this weekend
- Forced marriages and early pregnancies can be a health risk and deprive girls of important opportunities. #Norway at
off to the shop!
Great workout at Core Cardio Class yesterday! RT: : My abs are killing me today. Thanks for that.
haven't told still thinking about running away
Fresh prince of belaire <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lindsey, thanks for the kind shout out :) You're great!
nobody evvaa beats me!!!! i remember that game
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights vs Bingo Players -Up n Rattle (Mash-Up)
Carrying so many bags feel rich af
yep follow me and I follow back!
I'm a cheap drunk.
Wow the Knicks look like a brand new team!
I think I like "Gorewhore" the most. LOL Great work!!!!
or when one fat ass takes up two seats - hate that. Good, but depressing.
I'm also in the middle of reading the Hunger Games series, and as an American History buff it just makes me feel a little....revolutiony.
So much homework is due tomorrow. I have to do 30 freaking assignments.. Shouldn't have put it off. Eh. Still have a 96% and 98%.
tired of hearing about GOP plans to force the next great depression but it might seem worse when it actually starts in a few weeks.
totally! Except less badges and even MORE cookies!
we're sad, too. EABF 2012!!
- im Boy Crazi !
gimme sum
Absolutely, I've found my superior footwork on the dfloor is highly transferable to my low post game. I'll teach you some lessons.
Learn to enjoy your free time. Figure out a bucket list. Harder than you think.
money in the polo wallet make the wallet heavy
yo & I really wanna put my face in someone's pussy n our class. lol bet u cnt guess who?
got it yesterday! Nicely executed.
come people, need viewer. Go to YouTube type. Grandson gets brain freeze.
._-!|_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I love that #paleodiet isn't difficult to follow. I'm usually full and I have no cravings. My energy is high.
GM randy how was vday?
evil Koch bros own paper co that makes tp -- not sure which one so we are boycotting use of ANY toilet paper until further notice!
Yes it is! What do you think? RT : Is that a fancy new logo!
#AmericanPickers Some of these dudes on this show really have nothing but garbage in their house!
Its Yves Saint Laurent Fall 2011 collection. :)
My mind is tired.
who's next? Do tell...
Apparently making your way through apartments is really hard!
but I've been saying it. --->
Yes I think some would. Maybe then we should do our own programming on ghosts that comes at the topic from a different angle.
Go knock on something wooden you fool.
Let's go Badgers! Orange is just a wimpy version of red.
come back to La La! I know you want #pinkberry! X
What a great AWESOME #burlesque show tonight!! I'm so proud to be your guy! All of the performers were Amazing!!
Excuses, excuses, excuses...at what point exactly will you start taking responsibility for your actions?
Awe, thanks. You're the best!
Thanks to anyone who has used Interfolio over the years; we've shipped our four millionth document!
LMAOO Bro come over here ASAP
SAN ANTONIO INVADES DALLAS ALL STAR WEEKEND February 11th -14th...We got your nightlife covered so get ready to PARTY PARTY PARTY!
I feel MUCH better after looking at those heels on your profile pic!
I Wanna Be Famous . Listen to My Covers Then You Will See ...
Would love to connect with you during #ctia if you are attending. Please DM me if you are available.
On this Veterans Day, thanks to all the brave men and women who have served our great nation.
So exciting re: Horse Shows!!! Yay! So fun! Love the horses!!!
Congratulations! “: Born.”
I'm feeling good and in that mood haha
Lol Carlos Lee.
Good Afternoon Warriors!!!!!!!!!!
LOL! #ThingsParentsSay 'This is my house' but when it comes time to clean its magically my house too.
Feel better soon and get lots of rest!
I be sure to check for it and thanks for support
“: Brodney Pool has signed with the Cowboys according to Jason Garrett.” Boomer Sooner.
is one of the most talented and charismatic performers i'm met to date!
My mentor from The Voyager Company days!
Worst hair on : Zusi, Convey, Kamara.
Nothing but good to cheer you up and escape reality. :)
Wait - I need some of that! MT " It's Taco Tuesday! Today we're featuring Pork Meatball Tacos in a Soft Corn Tortilla"
Memorable acts are not on the main stage- think small moments in the museum- Amina
Hugs from Buffalo! !!!
Dear lady at Zacky's hogging up a table while it's busy and you are waiting for a friend and not ordering yet. You know you're guilty....
I should be a bartender, I make the best tasting drinks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
On a separate note, totally just drove by the church I used to always have sex at. Lulz. Oops.
yeah i know. Im glad i accpeted you =). I coudlnt be any happier then i am with you
gorgeous guy works out at gym at lunchtime. we’ve sort of eyed each other. 2 nervous 2 start a conversation. Why am i a chicken-shit!
Tried to comment on your "Soup" post but I'm not sure if it worked. Let me know. It wanted me to log onto WordPress.
Vendor! Golden Mountain Crafts: Jennifer Baron & Greg Langel - cards, cuffs, tees, '60s housewares, ephemera, cassettes, LPs.
Know someone who needs an apartment in Kansas City? Tell them about AMLI Clear Creek, we'll thank you with $400 when they move in!
The Charlotte date isn't until July 30th so I think my order will be here just in time! :)
Maybe if you weren't so stupid, I wouldn't act so crazy
You shouldn't even be surprised when a "friend" turns out to be a "busta". You know how this world is.
how r u doing do u still use facebook if so u can add me on it at and i send u a myspace friend request
Just noticed #Futurama invented #sharktopus in their first season.
I want a friendship like the girls off of Pretty Little Liars.
I never could have Imagined that all these amazing things could be happening for me... Today I am Thankful to be blessed :)
The monday after the show is a holiday, so no reason not to come early and stay late as well as enjoy all the after parties FEB19TH
BTW: Born This Way or By The Way?
There's def going to be some food porn tonight. Can't wait! :)
What have you done for WE lately? A lot of people preach, but too few of us move our feet.
Big 'thank you' to all veterans - your service is greatly appreciated. #FreedomIsn'tFree
#arentyoutiredof slow drivers? I know I am.
Happy Easter
Spoke with about heading to Rwanda? Wouldn't that be humbling. Seeing #EdTech in such a serious environment.
is reporting that I-64 is backed up
Thanks for writing about Of Dolls & Murder. And thanks for being thorough researcher. Hope to see you on the 25th!
Luck Luck will drive you butt-batty.
Would love a meatball sub right now lol
hopes to make community sharing easier, more accessible and safer. Pitching now at
I'm going back to sleep
I THERE!
vote for him thankss
never give up...just revise the plan and move ahead.
And the Hawks, well they are still the Hawks. The softest most uninspired team in the league
See you at red arrow
Worth repeating. (TY, Doobie Bros.) #p2 #Limbaugh "What a fool believes, a wise man has the power to reason away." ~ Michael McDonald
Haha aww I miss being on the #SDSU campus! Best of luck to us this season... too self-serving? :)
Adam. Hey baybaaaaay! Me and luv ya man.
was also 5 for 47 at the beginning of the second game I believe?
I'm about to roll up out of bed just for some food. Noodles sound so good right about now. #FatAss!(English Accent)
ya after every game
Everyone wants a donation
it's a tough life you live my friend! i gotta get on my game now that i'm back in SD. let me know when you wanna play torrey!
then it is.
I just made a youtube video of Put Your Hearts Up (Studio Version) tweet me if you wanna see it and i'll send you the link! <U+2665>
Questioning whether or not I really like some of the people I follow on twitter
The skipppeeee made me laugh.. have a good weekend..
Friday fun! Our email is down, so please call the office at 414.273.1173 if you need to contact us.
poor justin RT if you suport justin and want him to feel better :)
Reading about the RAM Copy Doctrine; I find it counterintuitive that RAM copies made during normal execution are relevant to copyright.
To my #swedge neighbors, Parking lots are not a development strategy. That is all.
I need a break from people n there stupidity. Thank you Honolulu drivers for sandwhiching my car in a accident. #AcuraDeath :/
Just started with ! I'm their new worldwide community manager. One day in and they've already given me four new toys.
nope! Resourceful!
why do people post pictures of animal abuse and child neglect on facebook? "likes" aren't gonna solve the problem, bitches.
Today was awesome
Good morning! How's it going?
ik rt. Feel like I missing out
One class today.. thank u GOD.
NEED 20 MORE
Beck's accent in this episode omg
Crazy bank refused an offer on a #Orlando short sale. Digging in for a battle here!
RT : who broke Twitter. Also send energy 'cuz I am dead tired.
Hoping for a swift recovery. We may have to change/postpone travel plans.
Alright, I'm up, kid fed, laundry started, kitchen cleaned, Emmas room cleaned and its only 10am.
hi my names devon. but you can call me DEV. for short. ;-) I love so0o0o0o0o0o00o0o0o much. OMGZ
weres joe stapleton? u guys doin great commentary u know there thought process
It would be funnier to put soup in front of people with a fork.
#in Bostons St. Patrick's Day Parade 2012 Is Here!! South Boston begins at 1 p.m., on Sunday, March 18th.
That's what we said!
On my first day of school my parents dropped me off at the wrong nursery
Of course! Enjoy your week and don't eat too much of the delicious chocolate ;).
A: Not I :( BUT, hoping you guys will tweet from there and keep me in the loop
“Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.” <U+2015> Marilyn Monroe
North Carolina: God's country.
possibly....but that is a little on the older side. I have a class of 5th graders (10-11) who I would love to get in a quad.
Well good things always come to an end. But you'll see, Spurs are gonna beat that ass in six <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I was like what's wrong with being a virgin. And they were like "but you're 16" and I was just like "and im not a slut like you guys"
well..homework time :(
Treated myself to an iPad
I hope u get explosive diarrhea on the train ride home!
Is on my #broadway kick
heading to rehearsal
nice I'm from the US.. :) what time is it over there?
Our Twitter just passed 200 followers! Thanks to everyone for the support, big season ahead...
I feel bad for the people that don't know the area....
“whenever I get mad, I just imagine a t-rex trying to pick up a basketball.” hahahaha
RT - That will give New England the help it has been seeking at right guard. Waters, who worked out for the Patriots on Saturday.
Traveling with pomegranates
I talked to you on the livestream chat, I'm Justin. Solidarity from Indiana stay strong Atlanta :)
I've loved and I've lost!
I'm laughing at EVERYTHING
I Blaze to enhance my spirit.
Thanks for the scare! xo
I didn't know lol. U tryna give me a ride tho
Tax deadline = 4/17/12. You have 2 extra days to file your taxes because 4/15 is a Sunday, 4/16 is a mail holiday in DC.
Who drank the last cold beer in the fridge without replacing the supply?!?
Strawberry banana smoothie
Book launch, "Journey to the World," poetry by Emeryville second-graders: Wed. June 1 noon Barnes & Noble Emeryville, free! Edited by me.
Finished the crimson tide wrestling camp. I don't want to see any little kids for at least a week.
thanks for the follow!
your computer and Ipod stuff turning off? we me? just kidding XD
Thinking about buying something on but changed my mind. It's the new Rare for me to even buy online. Now, more rare
I miss you too!! I'm soo bored!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
February dang it's cold...lol good luck
keep on grinding! I know it will be a good read!
you think will see your Opening Day tweet before Opening Day?
Can you please play some
It still hasn't hit me that I played my last game at reef
That would be fun to read. :)
k! I'm following you now!
Yeah, I talk about my sex life in public and on twitter. Simply cause its great and idgaf who knows it.
9 Days until the Home & Garden Market Dallas @ Dallas Market Hall! Booths & Tickets are still available. Info-www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
the website is back up if that matters...
So I totally missed the earthquake since I was potting flowers ....oh well
Well, they worked so hard to baked and transport those cookies...eating them is the polite thing to do. :)
so true!!!
vocals! I wrote this song and I think you'd be perfect for the chorus. What's your rate? If interested PM plz :)
Albert Einstein was born on Pi Day (3/14/1879)
We will be on stage at Playland tonight at 7:30. Don't miss out! Also, come find us after our set to buy our 3 song demo!
IF U AINT SEEN IT GO CHECK IT OUT NEW VIDEO!! D-Boy "No Feelings"://youtu.be/nEkIYy7qr7I via
If I40 in Oklahoma is called Casino Expressway, then it should be called Roadkill Freeway in Texas
Tune in to the Second Amendment Show on 1310 AM in Canandaigua or 1590 AM in Brockport. I'll be on live at 11:07!
Them: You dont like her? Me: Naw I hate that hoe! lmao
Really? on red/orange switch?
So glad you are liking it!!
Jeans skinny, like Squidward.
Pls RT -- #Paypal is not able to be secure-- do not trust, do not use. Not now. Not even with the https or little 'lock' icons.
Busted. That's why he wouldn't let us look at them.
I need free ones
One Direction? #YeahILoveThat band so much :)
I think maybe I do...haven't tried it yet. What email addy should I send it to?
I hope everyone is having a wonderful day Im going like crazy and loving it
We should like over the summer :) I've kicked it with her lately. And aaw cool! Omg your 18 already! with your old ass lol
AOOOOOU is quite a shitty Scrabble hand. Is that called a hand?
hi Linda. Left you a couple of email messages since affcon in Miami. Hope everything is ok by u. lets talk soon, ok?
Troy Polamalu has the better hair. his flys like the wind when he runs. maybe because its black and not blonde. Clay has good hair too!
a man and a woman found are dead in montrose. heading down there to get more details.
“: Can't top listening to "Way Bacl (The Conflict)" by Have you downloaded it yet?” we need hugs!!!
Doin big i see!
hi, i saw your lime-a-rita tweet last week, where did you by it? can't find it anywhere!
Loooooooooool 3 plus ten, ok Brent ok
B!! NO Tweetin at work Mane !!! What am I paying U 4 ?!! & Get Better Mane!!! Where's Ur Coat At
yikes....may have to home school my daughter..lol
Getting ready to shower, hears thumps coming up the stairs: Me: *screams* Mom walks around the corner. Thanks for giving me a heart attack.
Welcome to the neighborhood Crumbs Bake Shop!
Cleveland Radio worst in Ohio.
on Season 4 already. It's so good!!
#Scribbler presentation. How do you compare to Docusign?
Nice headline on your doughnuts and cops post!
We get you the best coverage at the best price, to best suit your needs.
Thank you, princess spambot!
Yes. RT Can you add Pinterest password to our Google doc?
Your team your school your logo @ www.varsityjackets09.com
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make that horrible sky cam stop. Worst angle ever!!!!
I can breathe now. Niners!
ohh how I do. I'm kind of digging Mako or whatever his name is on Korra as well.
The only successful guys from that WR run in the 2nd were Jordy Nelson and Desean Jackson if I remember correctly
Cee-lo is simultaneously the most amazing artist and a self-parody.
Hey Aaron Schock fix your damn tie!
Getting hit with challenges daily, but I always overcome them, so not stressing.
Open bar got the best of me
Afternoon Seattle. Our afternoon sun is back. Come by for a Panini or 2 especially you #techready folks. Lunch is Ready for ya
Hope you all have a good night, because we've been writing for the last five hours (with an occasional Taco Bell break here and there lol)
Is Jonny back to stay?? We sure need him?
Broadcasting Game 2 Suffolk County Hockey Playoffs on MSG VARSITY Tonight!!!!
You look awesome in cap & gown! CONGRATS!!!
thanks Josh..beautiful people make it easy!
thanks girl!!! Kinda nervous tho<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thanks Lisa :)
walking innocently with and a random guy asks us if we want to buy some weed
Oh,I hate school
Ditto And
NP Lloyd - Players Prayer
you're my boyfriend and it's official :DD lol
Struggling to figure out twitter since games and social networks have been making out so much lately.
": Nice! I won't kill myself Tonight after all. Always come in in the clutch! #ThatsOpeForYa!!!" Oh..nvm then
Ah yes, the smell of brats and gyros in the air.
omh facebook won't let me log in :(
I will not bend break or fold!
I totally get it. And you are correct. It was a good catch for a post I wrote bleary-eyed and exhausted. As always...
If you haven't already received a package (book) from me yet, you should be soon. I read it recently and just had to share. :)
September 8th -- I'm on a team. You should. It'd be badass.
I'm probably late to the dance, but just discovered Pandora. Usually don't like music radio, but this is pretty cool. Enjoying my Punk mix!
just be in the class at that time if you can, though I am not sure I will have access to the class during the presentation.
I have a card for you...you just wait lol
Marketing makes the list! "The 5 Hardest Jobs to Fill in 2012"
Thanks for the add! Hah. Totally suck with mobile Twitter.
Pineapple express
I really hope. What wrong with your iPhone
#ICONicBoyzarebackagain yeah buddy!!!!
Hey it is here April 6th at Salute Wine Bar and Cafe!! Pisco Sour Ceviche and Dance!!!!!! Start at 6pm
New Italian restaurant Gusto on the way to former Allora space on W 3rd looks promising.
the site is awesome - not sure if that was you alone or collaborative. Either way, props.
Last health class with carbone ever tomorrow <l3 gonna cry
no my schedule did. i'm still calling him to set up everything. no worry!
*raises hand* me!
Ratatouille. The dish, not the movie.
It's gonna be a
Thank u bank teller lady 4 wearing a low cut blouse today. And a special Thank u 2 the person who built the counter @ just the right height.
No worries. Love the show. You guys do a great job.
WHAT?! TLeds never gotten hyphy in the bay? We love it so far. Great hood, met some good peeps, & weather beats the ish outta WA
Girls jus wanna have fun;-).....
If you were a secret how long could you keep it...
We can't wait either, thanks for the enthusiasm. Have you seen #AlvinAiley here before?
“ Gemini is not an emotional being. They thinks from their head and not heart.” <<< which sucks at times
Greg Looked At Me Like His Father Was Ike Turner..Lol-
Ah I'm no longer a teenager <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Who poppin shit tonite?!!! Hold up Lol lemme <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BA>
Learn how to play nba jam first!!!! Pow!! RT Wanna learn how to play an instrument and incorporate it into my music
LMAO She look so scared.... poor baby hahahaha
Great!!! I'm a director, writer, & producer with projects coming. I plan to screen them at Universal Studios Citywalk 19. -Thanks Shane
"There once was a girl from Nantucket..." Wait, that's not a haiku. Shit. Nevermind.
RT : Worldwide, we have about 3.5 Billion video views per month ~Caraeff of VEVO <exciting stuff
The 2080s seem to come from contributor "AVERY", but some ppl were born in the 1800s, so... vampires. ;) I'll scrub it and carry on.
I miss you (:
What do you think the new wave of music will be?
RT IM BOUT TO DROP A NEW SHIRT #STOP DICK RIDING
Iam ready to wet __________up. I need to______ before i __________all over myself!!!!!!! Who can help?
i just want to go on an adventure
Oh iPhone virtual keyboard, how thou dost sucketh in thy name of elegance. How thou dost tryeth my patience.
I'll make you happy Gilmore and then you can hit some white trash guy again and piss him off haha
Hell-o from Csh Mob Tucson
the cbj fan on your bio sealed the deal!
The B2B Well team gave honey to the judges. Sweet!
“: Thankful to ”
You know the world is unfair when Sick Of It All are still a band but Fugazi won't play a show.
The cable guy was looking at my titties. MEN!! Smh
Kings are winning the cup... #callin it
I really liked the exclusivity of the iPhone-only instagram. I DON'T FEEL SPECIAL ANYMORE. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
meeeh :( does that mean I can't watch it?
Salt and pepper are not opposites! I don't like this world, which doesn't mean I would in Opposite World, although I might...
So thats how it works then will try that next time. lol
DD will have 5 receptions on Monday in a huge Packers blowout win!!!
thanks Husky!
good morning twitter.. whats good in your hood????
How many bees do you need in a bee choir ?A humdred !
. live tweeting their Tax Centers results for the year. They never stop amazing us!
Dope! RT : going to my sisters brockport graduation as we speak :p haha
stop mocking me!
yes! If anyone should be given free birth control it is the cast of Jersey Shore.
Thanks!! I also have the z-finder, a follow focus and the dt454 for audio. What about you? Any video online I can see?
It's been 4 1/2 years since I was a cop and my hand writing is still in ALL CAPS about half the time
that's a pleasant surprise!
I'm so glad to hear that! Everyone I've talked to says it's wonderful. So I'm trying nog to be nervous about the surgery.
yes I still watch cartoon and yes I still get excited when I get the prize in the cereal box. suck it.
Team no panties huh.. Lol ;)
don't we always lol
how am i even up rightnow
glad u had fun, u guys were all amazing! Highlight of the show <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
says just cause i'm lookin' at ya doesn't mean i'm listenin'
H-Town on Friday :) time to cop new clothes at the galleria
“: Name a better defender than Aaron Craft at point guard spot the last 10 years in college ball ?” Toney Douglas
UK WANTS exposure in Indy market for recruiting and Tom Crean and Fred Glass don't want them to have that exposure.
It's better to have a good house and wear hand me downs then to wear Louis Vuitton and live in a trailer park.
Now criminals are using rear end fender benders as a way to rob drivers. What will people think of next?
alright ... when you get back ?
Agreed. Never made sense to me, either.
I'm scared one day is gonna tackle me if I piss him off which I will I always do :D
Tucsan Inn San Francisco is undergoing renovation which will commence from today until 30 April 2012
Looking forward to seeing you at #GOA2012 !
Soo excited to see The Hunger Games today!!!!!! =D
What makes ppl think I wanna just be chillin in college for longer than I have to. I need to take a summer class.
hey..... you gotta work Saturday?
just another way of saying having a monday on tuesday that's it partner. At my age all days are the same (#:-) whatdayisit)
I hate mosquito bites on the nuts
are you playing at Rafertys this weekend or something!?
thanks big sis your the best!!! Could do without you 2012 let's go!!!
oh yea!!!!! koolieo we da same age!!! lol :D
Colony Endeavor BMX Freestyle bike white 2075 2008 - bmx bikes for sale cheap
Wonder when I'll let myself back into the wild again.
I don't think I could RP on twitter they don't let you say enough lol
Shout out for
Thanks,your so nice 2!
What are YOU doing for New Years Eve this year?
and so what?
#Brewers... #Prince's HR traveled at a speed of 119.2 MPH. The fastest of any HR hit in 2011 season! (Thanks bill micheals for the info)
That looks eating a Mandelbrot set.
We have a new server ready - vpn-dc3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington, D.C. It's available in your customer area now.
hahaha your punching comment made me lol so hard that milk just totes dripped outta my nose! Gross! :-)
watching t.v...how are you/?
Are you getting a Voltaggio Google doodle? (wow, try saying that 5 times fast...)
- THANK YOU!!
Someone like you cover!! It was amazing and still is!!:D
I can understand. I truly appreciate your help though.
Thanks for the love! YaY Area Baby! RT Bay Area representin!! Love u guys! =)
First practice w/The Roxy Suicide sounded great, real tight immediately. Easy, though, when learning a buncha Ramones songs....
2nd RT : Everytime I go to the #HHAwards I have so much DC pride and wonder how I could ever leave this town.
I'm not saying this to be crass...but I think I just saw...an androgynous drunk retarded person. Smoking. Stumbling. Grinning. Shocking.
BWAHAHAHAHAH OK SOUNDS GOOD BRO~WHATEVER YOU THINK, YOUR ENTITLED TO YOUR WRONG OPINION~57M FLOAT, MOVES ON AIR
success in your exams you guys...
Fuck you and your mom, and your grandma too!
stomach flu good for the cause!
Just got that call I been waiting for...<U+E414>
I wish I had the power to ignore you, like you ignore me.
is buying drinks for people now right now come by and get on the radio
Thanks for the Shout out! RT Looking to scout the Chiefs ...Follow for more !
ya know i see a lot of envious tweets from you. Why worry about other ppl's negativity when there is so much more positive?
OMG. at first i thought tht was hayley's icon and i almost died. but then it wasnt :p
has totally pegged me as a topophiliac with a bad case of cartacacoethes and an enormous mappetite. gee thanks ken.
October 19th, Paranormal Activity 4. Must see.
yay you won and got the ice chest!
oh man!!!! Your're killing me making me choose. Lithium, Come as you are...and about a girl. Final answer. :)
It sucks to know can't notice you as easily as before. <|3
Tomorrow don't miss One Sweet Burgh (Dave Matthews Tribute Band) only at the Hard Rock Cafe! 10PM show
Overheard a dude at a coffee shop talking to his pal, both trying to figure out what town UC-Davis is in..."I think it's in Chico". sigh.
O: ur really pretty.
Can it be game time already?
Im too old for this
We're at Stephan Stoyanov Gallery until 8pm! Join us: 29 Orchard St.
I just really really like acoustic songs.
“: im still an egg....help!” would you rather be a piece of bacon??
I'm Inspired By People Who Goals Inspire Me
The Cold Light of Day, review: Tim Robey is appalled by this amateurish thriller starring Bruce Willis and Sigou..
heading north to run a training and meet the inaugural class and advisory board.
Hope everyone has a speedy hump day! :) “Sure, luck means a lot in football. Not having a good quarterback is bad luck.” ---Don Shula
that's fkn funny!
...And learned that one can get a great martini in West Lafayette....
In Hortonville for the night. Which means it's time to eat as much food and do as much homework as humanly possibly.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
jilevin Thanks for following...
Coffee overload... made my drink wrong, so they remade it and gave me both.
Congratulations!!! And the crowd rejoices!
Back tumbling > Front tumbling. I HATE FRONT TUMBLING.
I'd invest in that :)
hooray, qwikster is gone. #netflix all-in-one (with raised prices intact) back. I guess I'm happy, for my queue's sake.
MLB season. Must... resist... U-verse upgrade...Ah!!!!
just saw you are also a fan of Brother
Then who told Tami Kesha said shit about her? Its like you like to play both sides and instigate stuff.
14 minutes and counting...
Merry Christmas to all.
I finished drivers ed!
"Where you invest your Love you invest your life!"
We're presenting at the main stage on Monday at Noon about the launch of RepeatReceipt!! There will be free lunch as well!
I'll whip his ass. He ain't writin' no more!!!
we usually need coffee to stay awake and alert! You should have given up ALL ALCOHOL......
that assumes that there's a restaurant that makes great salads that's open at odd hours
Whoa! Watch out world. Whatcha reading this week?
good morning<3
Who joined in Boston's #walkforhunger on this gorgeous day? Share your stories with us, and thank YOU!
Hi! Glad we are tweety friends now
Merry Christmas eve! BEAUTIFUL day in Milwaukee! Sunny skies are the best gift I could ask for:)
Usher-Daddy's Home ;) <3
I believe this will be Byham's year. Will help the 49ers be a better red zone team.
You just reminded me to eat. LOL Thanks!
haha. you're funny
there's this guy and it's the second time I saw him there but I can't look at him, he's way too hot and I'm still not
Had a typo on the other tweet I did.
Oh, another great week. Bring it, Monday!
can u please follow i need followera n give me a shoutout if itss possible
I put a link at the bottom of my blog to your site, I think a lot of my followers would like checking your blog out as well
Sunday, January 9 @ 5 PM PST | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Jeannie Deva | Celebrity Vocal Coach | www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
#SDUSD currently has no plan at all to pay for those cuts, prolly adding to the overall sense of panic.
Caviar is an amazing thing. Expensive one, though!
BELIEBERS RUN THE WORLD? Correction : MAHOMIES RUN THE WORLD
Have an appointment to cut off all my hair. Can't wait. Thanks for the pep talk a couple weeks back Farah.
Why dont you guys ever report on what is really going on in the world? Doesn't that bother you??
We're looking for publishers/authors interested in experimenting w/our reading game to promote their book. @ me if interested.
I'm playing.
you need to Orlando to your tour.
Awesome profile pic!
Happy birthday!(:
Where you at?
Misses family already
Duff Said to Struggle to Raise Money for Massif Fund
I know it. I won't go down without a fight!
I know! I wanna bring him home and snuggle him but I think he's a free spirit.
Yes! That would be SUPER cool!
lol look dem big o' melons in urs thoooo!
enjoying my city without me! :)
#GOP VOTERS support & "IMMORAL BUDGET"(declard by Catholic Bishops)denying healthcare 2 WOMEN&education 2 STUDENTS
very nice:)
How many Jalisco burrito's can you eat?
Dear Denver, You're welcome. With regret, Indianapolis
Folate in spinach is important for building & maintaining healthy cells, especially healthy red blood cells needed for heart health.
dr kevorkian's tiny miracles club
It would be weird to never want to watch something a person considers to be one of the best movies of all time more than once.
: That's alright. Stuff like that comes w/ the job. And it's my job to always think about the bottom line. It's not the best job.
Beyond annoyed...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I'm going to be up late again :(
Wonderful! Best of luck!
Thank you I appreciate it...
I have the most beautiful, wonderful, gorgeous, amazing, hot suga momma on the planet.
Join us for #HappyHour Monday through Friday (5.30pm to 6.30pm) Includes free Mac & Cheese OR Pizza with any cocktail at the bar.
Thanks for a very informative speech last eve at the Denver Country Club! Glad to be on the same page!
oh I read all the time :) Reading is the new cooking
CONGRATS! RT Hit 10,000 Twitter followers today...how exciting!! Thanks everyone for following. xx
so excited to stay next week for #techmunch and see what the hotel has for local food!
Thank u!! RT : catchy stuff dude. <3
I Would Stay Up All Night To Text You…<3
Hi there NotRegret
wish I was old enough to just pack my shit and leave
Did you enjoy yourselves at the event today (The Mesa Annual Transfer Fair)? It was a rainy day in #SanDiego today!
has to stop being so delusional O_o! Stop it woman!
Selena you are the most important person in my heart and I want you to know that I love you
Americans purchase 58,000,000 pounds of chocolate during Valentine's Day. Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
#WhatIHaveDoneInThePast EAT FIFTY BUTTERFLY CAKES AND BEEN SICK!x
The middle ground between Chanel and early Mötley Crüe.
Powerball winner in RI...perhaps my MIL?
I am arguing! Considering you can tweet me, like my stuff on fb, and comment, but you can't text me back!
Waching law&order suv i love this show...then the new's then to bed...
"How are the academics in the Mars League?" I asked . "Cucumber buttermilk heartflowers!" he replied.
What iPad case would you recommend for use with Kindergarteners?
"We can pickle that!" Love 'Portlandia'!!
Hey everyone The Cosmos is now on twitter! subscibe so you can get salon deals and updates
AlwayzSupportJB Well, at least now we no what she means when she calls someone her ''brother'' #Cougar ;]
Wow* it was just a joke it's never that real but okay.
Haha just of the jersey. I've seen too many creep stalker girls to become one. Just, ew.
Tonight..... sip on crafted cocktails & enjoy live music from Mat Haeffel starting at 9pm!
There's no actual Socialist Party (viable, that is) in American politics, so it's kind of useless 2compare.
You are on fire today. Must be so proud of your guy. Great game! I'm sure you helped, too!
It's terrorism I tell you, TERRORISM
Just ordered "Wings of a Dream" by using the #Titlewave app. Just scan the barcode to add books to lists!!
Invictus is a pretty good film. I really enjoy pretty much all of the movies that Clint Eastwood makes. And of course Morgan freeman
yes I've played that before
Thanks to the Icehouse Tavern for hosting another great show, the ReLICs were great and thanks to Valley Metro for all the free stuff!
... Changed my avatar to Dany. Excited to see her and her dragons tonight!
Dreaming of travel logistics.
I feel bad now cuz we're not making the cake
we met . we talked . we liked . we dated . we committed . i loved . you cheated . we're done . you're deleted<U+2665>
Dweck's Mindset is a must-read for anyone in the educ realm RT Dweck says grades create fixed mindset abt self
wish u were champ again
what is this mystical cap you keep talking about..does it have anything to do w lords w no no rings
love uu big baby
So from all the tweets I guess the Pacers won. Can't wait to see all the butthurt Heat fans at school tomorrow.
Fairly brutal 4X10 intervals this evening followed by an amazing vegi red sauce atop spinach spaghetti with
Does it make me gay that I really like Wiz Khalifa's Bing commercial?
Spending the day working on scripts for Unstoppable Comics, more importantly Dragonstorm #2 ans Stormchasers
Recruiting for a #legal #library #assistant for a long-term #temporary opportunity in DC, contact me if you are available and interested!
Malcolm Forbes~ By the time weve made it weve had it.
A lot of new teachers getting on twitter today looking to build their PLN...show them some love!
Sending beautifully spooky and delicious thoughts to for their SXSW showing! Congrats!
We need a last minute opener for our show in West Chicago tonight. Any takers?! :D
haha. Nice! Any luck?
Yoooooooo these mac & cheese bite are so on point!
What changed? The Twitter app seems the same?
.__. I thought of them but those would just depress me.
Hmm..I hear you. I never left either. I love both digital and physical.
you got your popcorn for this game lol
I don't understand why my dad is telling me I needa get a job...like wtf.
thought they was finna grab that one
Goodnight, Twitter. Hope you survive the onslaught. I'll be in bed.
“: I fucking hate for putting me on this "Temple run" game”lol... Your welcome!!!!!!
Love this. "The Earth laughs in flowers." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Time for a roll call -- Name, institution, background, etc
Jut freaked the f out because I thought followed me but I should of realized that won't happen
crazy white boy rappin. #sickflow keep it goin. been a fan since
Get NYS government out of the business of paying poverty wages to home care workers. Pass the MRT!
RT: "50% of Republicans prefer Trump." Says less about Trump than GOP's dire membership.
Wayne is my boy, we did yoga in Maui once good times
!!!!RT : I have no sympathy for dumb ass females.
well the boys are gone so that should help
Okay, calm down. What with your Cavill shirtless pics, and your "I wish I looked like that", and no wait those are my thoughts...
All DAY
Blasting my music while picking up my sia from work and some white people just like to stare haha xDD
<sigh> another face hidden behind the mask of big advertising dictating what beauty is! Another self esteem deflated.
Bring your mom to pinkberry for a free small treat! (Must purchase a Pinkberry of equal or greater value)
"Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we best friends? Are we something in between that? I wish we never fucked and I mean that....
thanks for spreading the news!
knowing really why they deserve to get best down by wildlife
Good Morning.
Joshua Ledet is just freaking awesome!!
I'm laughing so hard right now
Good to know :)
I'm just sayin'
Their choice. They always pick. They like the questions about personal responsibility in it.
Actionscript Edit On Flash | Freelance Jobs
It amazes me how fast a 2 1/2 hour flight goes by when the plane has WiFi. NICE! A no H2O Chai and life w/b perfect
The massive, I mean the massive, is at the fucking mall! Damn its packed!
"Like Crazy" now on DirecTV Cinema-- weekend planned!
No place like VEGAS!! “: good deal! I'm in San Diego from time to time and Vegas never stops callin!”
That is the *very* definition of a fine plan.
Fun coincidence: Rohan family in 2 great new, unrelated historical romances: Anne Stuart's Shameless & Liz Carlyle's The Bride Wore Scarlet.
just happy you found us RT: never heard of you until gave you a name check on Twitter. KY Proud!
In 1995 article, Barr/Tagg called for shift from teaching to learning.
Prom is Next Friday, if you wanna see me & my love off DM me for info:)
I am Mr. CleveLandLantaLa.....S/O to the Crib
damn im hungry...think ill have some spongebob easy mac xD
So sad about Whitney Houston! They are still investigating her death at the hotel! RIP to one of the most talented singers ever!
Success - We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Are any of our Pittsburgh friends going to the Anarbor/Valencia show tonight? A couple of us are so make sure you come say hi!
laying down I have a headache. I'm suppose to be prating for my show I have Tuesday
expect Matthew McConaghey (Misspelled) to show up.
u crack me up...
Your welcome ~Teen Wolf~
Really want some McDonald's:)
wait you want me to sing miley cyrus and kesha?? Haha which songs? :]]]
I don't care what you're after as long as I'm the one. I don't know why you're leaving, you'll miss me when you're gone.
Rain rain & more rain... I'm never gonna get to cut my grass.
It's finally warming up in DC...I've been freezing all week.
I am not sure why people are hating on Hilary's headband I am planning on doing my hair like that tomorrow #bringbackthe90's
I do this shit!
Yeah cus I found Miranda... lol jk... lets get out of here.
biggest issues for new restaurant is dc water and pepco. Leave at least 4 mo timeline
Our team just got back from installing a Cosmic Golf course and a Lazer Frenzy in Australia! Expect pictures soon
Zusi is a starter for the #USMNT scrimmage game against the U23 team. Good sign.
The texans would be stupid not to pick up ogbonnaya...not only a good character guy- the man can play! And he's reppin SJ
Meet em everyday , all seem to be the same . .
We turning up tonight
we will be sure to send those out after the meeting #mwteamtennis meetings
#PhDStudentPanel: libraries can be helpful by providing resources for preliminary exams. i.e previous exams, etc.
will you RT my picture i made for you? it would mean SO MUCH to me if you RT it :) :)
i almost forgot about Jersey shore :(
Monday dinner is linguini w. shrimp and grilled eggplant. Any suggestions?
“: i predict uk football will win 3 games this year and lose to western Kentucky” Bleak.... The bad thing is that you are a fan...
Paul George is the future though..
he made a call saying he knows where the party is tomorrow night and they notified the police to watch the area.
i know what you mean.
Thank you for your support! May we send you a free book? Email me at
Shit is def superior to ps3
Subaru of America, Inc. Reports Best April Sales In Company History - Sacramento Bee
Agenda here is finding best sources of #highered #data for institutional comparisons on outcomes and inputs.
wish I was there
Friends of Narcissus #FON is a citizen support dedicated preservation and interpretation of shipwreck preserve USS Narcissus off Egmont Key
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
"You know what they say about people with big hands? They wear big gloves." Hahaha
Yeah 400 followers! Thank you all :-)
The Band "SUGARLAND" blaming fans for Fair Tragedy. Even if fans were asked to leave they would have staid and demanded Sugarland Anyway
Do the messages say things like" somebody is saying bad things about u" or "i found this pic of u and blah blah blah..."
This shit got me sleepless
soo how abt them baby ass atlanta falcons???? -_-
At 60 Billion, Facebook has a larger photo collection than any other site on the web
Can SharePoint be used as an LMS? Absolutely.
Prepping for intro to the library for intro to CA geography class section 2 of 3. Telling the intriguing story of
you made me learn my lesson not to fall for anyone easily and not to take things for granted.thankyou.
im always #smile -ing because of you !(:
book is better! I'd you we're still the best intern ever I'd let you borrow.
I'm predicting a run on #5HourEnergy #RedBull & #RockStar tonight. #HungerGames at midnight crowd
great game today - on to Buffalo!
Thank you for your support of our military service members, veterans and their families!
m, add some pignoli nuts and you're ready for pesto!
cute hash tags, getting more salty with every reply, love it, you're pretty smart when it comes to sports, ESPN offer you a job yet?
Attending the IFLA Opening Session
you too:) how old are ya?
Gateway, ill be back next year.
That was aridiculous charging call on TRob!
k thanks!
I feel like a little kid, I take a nap like everyday. Lol!
Going 2 get my hair done
RE my #nprnews tweet...I hate to go biopolitics fear-tactic on my twitter but I had one, that stuff is scary! Women need to know the risk
lmao haha what are ya doing tonight??
Peer-to-peer lending - less solidarity than it appears. Some advantages, but continual exclusion of high-risk borrowers.
Board game night w/ friends was the perfect activity for a rainy Sat. eve. Played Puerto Rico for 1st time; look forward to playing again!
HA! I love how that was supposed to be a DM. iphone
Soft Skeletons?
ikr lol i was..like stress from what. fksdfhfhksdfhsdkfhds WAH TO MUCH GOSSIP TO MUCH DRAMA Lol
Just booked my flight for 2012 !! Can't wait to see all my colleagues again #hispz Who else is going???
Gotta be a rebel....
yeah u r ppl keep on tweetin me sayin tht im just tryin to get attencion just like you are
Art & Humanities Month - Visit a library to research a topic that one of your friends is interested in - Celebrate the Humanities everyday!
I love you <3
After 20 years of institutionalized schooling I am finally done!! One week until graduation. Let's live it up for our last hoorah!
JUSTIN!!! I LOVE ALL THE BOYFRIEND TEASERS OMFG HURRY UP
I truly thought I'd have to go in before the other passengers kicked the door down.
Likewise, Jess! Enjoyed it -hope to bump into you again.
It's not too complicated actually, just get a feel for your teamates
Wow! 13 more followers and I'm at 700! Cool!
clef: what you try never to fall off of. bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Oh you crazy kids! :)
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book .........
Women's semifinal line-up: Venus v. Safina and Dementieva v. Serena
new York new york
Jess here. I've been promoted & today is my last day in the library, henceforth all Tweets will be by our new Head Librarian, Sarah!
I like big butts and I cannot lie, you other brothers can't deny
what's up billy moler
That's wussup, I heard they were pretty good
we lived in CO on both sides of the mountains for 30 yrs. when did this happen to your g-ma? Damn girl that just sucks
It's times like these I begin to miss it
It's their idea so we can't let that happen. All anybody wants is to be able to get good care for a price they can afford.
Watching Hannah Montana: The Movie.
Friday observation: 20+ people in line , 1 of them male.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~Christopher Columbus
- Thanks for the message!
Very well rounded! I love a good choir program that covers it all! You are lucky to have that!
thanks for these awesome recommendations!
This dude doesn't see how much we don't care about this
Been working on a new cover by The Script :) hopefully it turns out well!
Grateful for milk. Simple, nutritious and something that doesn't have to taste like chicken.
I know #thebasement better not start act diff now that she verified. End of the day you in the basement.
How is it that me and the girls are inside for the night
I'm ready to cheer you all on! No growing for me, though :)
Bill, isn't this your second time at the WH for stuff like this? Aren't you a regular! Lol
I think this Apple ebook price-fixing lawsuit is absolutely fascinating. I find both sides of the argument equally compelling.
Badgers win here = Badgers Semifinal on tomorrow!
you say prove it, well i definitely will.
its gonna b called straight outta treybrooke lmaooooo
Just a quick tweet to say how much I love #Camtasia tools for developing #e-learning mods.
Example of a sick person
Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year.......I pray its successful and you accomplish all your goals this years........
well i g2g here soon but dont worry il b back on l8ter all my sexy twitter followers if u get bored pop a nut to my ass
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
There are definitely a few jokes here
Yeah, my crockpot is my good friend, too!
Why did all of my saved transformation scenarios disappear over the weekend? Sigh. I can recreate them, but that's a pain.
Thank you so much for the tweet! I really appreciate the link love :)
:Your Welcome!
"her manager, John Taylor"... I didn't know you were a "manager"!
Taylor Swift adds One Night at American Airlines Arena! Less than a mile away, make a night of it & book your stay.
#nascar # californiacostumes #sprintcup Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at n
Right. Well I seem to just be losing lol...
Even when an idol is quiet, one should 'never think his lust is dead, but should labor to give it new wounds every day.' John Owen
You really believe you're going to be the Leader of the Free World, don't you? The mere thought of it is mind-boggling.
If Tigers lose, who takes more heat? Leyland, Prince or Valverde? Not trying to be negative, but a lot to gripe about if it happens
"At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely." - William Somerset Maugham
- Funny hat
Our pleasure! RT : Enjoying the tweet feed live from the #HHAwards. Thanks,
I spy with my little eye...something you could miss if you're not looking closely. Playful details abound in our Maximo Gonzalez show....
scott walker saved my teacher money,
sounds like something I would do & an actor who is serious
I'm the little kid version of you LOL
ok baby!
the thought of touching greasy food always makes me cringe
Not sure why you think conservatives fear the census
WTH! This was the house's opportunity to get Rachel out! Idiots! D*ckriders!
It was intense.
Thanks for the follow.
thank you! :D I'm still working on shaping it more firmer haha ;)
Learn how to use IrfanView, a free photo editor, at Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ 10 a.m. Not for beginners. First come/first served. 12 seats.
I could listen to all day. Speaks a good word!
No YOBI Live show tonight. Repeat. No YOBI Live show tonight. We'll be back next week better than ever though! ;)
ah..it will be alright, maybe we'll get a free flight out of it! Lol
Will he see his shadow? It's not Punxsutawney Phil but we'll be in the a.m.
True colors always show. Self destruction will never change for you if you don't change your ways. It's not rocket science!
as soon as she gets only and if she ever forgets just keep reminding her :') and i have all the messages i need to send
Having an amazing day...working later tho:/
it says I have 0 views
Thanks man. I'm glad you got to see it.
Butter cake!!!!! Yum!!! I can't get my shit together this week. Figuring it out Saturday.
I'm so ready for class to start!!!!! :)
Like I don't know anymore ...I don't wanna give up ..yet I don't wanna keep trying when it seems pointless : /
#theconversation It's rude to comment on what's inside a person-intelligence, spirituality, psyche. Should be same for outside.
The Color Run is sold out!! Damn that was fast :)
Watch for the nesting pair of eagles to return in March 2010. In the meantime enjoy the African Safari Webcam. www.africansafaricam.com
We have two TVs for the Brewer games... and 216 biers... :)
Hopefully special fx will someday fix those Episode 1 reshoots where Ewan is 40 lbs heavier, unshaven, and wearing an obvious orange wig
Welcome home! Game on.
Is there a football game on?
Wish I could HUG them with you :o)!! Follow Back
I feel so proud! I got a 100 on a science project that was worth 2 test grades.. GOODBYE MY 67% AVERAGE IN SCIENCE!
President George W. Bush was one of the worst presidents ever. I vomited a little just seeing him as a trending topic.
good luck. You played great last night
Rex always like Pitoitua's size _ he's 6-foot-8 _ but the D-line is a bit crowded, athough Rex said he liked having many guys there.
Fuck. This game!
do you really want to hurt my feelings?
or maybe that wasn't a drawing for you & I've now confused multiple people. I shouldn't play this game at bedtime.
Malcolm Floyd 43 yard Touchdown!!!!
Thanks. Have a feeling my storage on Zotero is maxed out. Looks like it will just be links from now on.
Gulf Coast comfort food! I'm in. RT:TGIF! That means the Daily Blue Plate Special is Fried Shrimp and onion rings...just $10!
we're talking Michael bay here. He can make anything worse. It'll sell a billion dollars but be horrible.
SEFE still has life!
glad to see you back <U+263A><U+2755>
work work work!
id appluad if i was there
<U+266C> Today in 1967 The Beatles have their 12th U.K. No.1. with "All You Need is Love" <U+266C>
way to long good guys win
DC is going hard with their Nats fandom today. Never actually seen so many Nats fans. Big game against Philly tonight.
So me and brandon were driving down the road and a bird hit the wind shield and i screamed and got laughed at. :(
The directr should work up closely w/ the actrs & then as they get on their feet, get more security, step back & back & leave no foot prints
A dry gewürztraminer, CAO maduro, hot grill, 74 degrees, sunny blue Seattle evening…yes, I'm bragging.
What's up with fios internet this am? Some sites load, most do not. Where can we check for current status??
T Magazine: Timely | Elisa Strozyk, Next Floor
like almost every one else in the story did
just one of those nights....
ah I know they will be amazing!!
*Smiles* I love you.
Cure to a headache.
YAY, so excited to have my very first followers, hope we can chat soon. I am heading up to bed now, maybe on a sunday
I can't believe Tim Dillard is still on a major league roster.
My phones on airplane mode thanks to jake and zeke. #muchbetter <U+2708>
Facebook is the second!
It's MY birthday. Why do I have to treat everyone??
Day 5 of #lilbigshowdown promo tour. TONIGHT in the DC area @ Glen Echo Back Room/Ballroom Annex. 8:30pm. Come get jiggy wit it.
RT : Turn a light on in a dark room- light wins. Higher frequency energy overcomes and transforms lower. Same with people.
I will gladly denounce my "no du rag" policy for the man who lets me wear my Celie twists to bed.
that's west coast right? You have to wait all the way to the morning! That's awesome!
I watch how people react when talking to them so i do not bore them...
...to force a taxi driver to cease speaking by stating in a loud and clear voice, "Can the chatter, bub, I have a hangover."
Really? This shit again??
NEWEST!!! Orginal Belkin Micro Auto Car Charger with Charge Sync Cable for (Verizon Sprint ATT) iPhone 4S 4 + Apple A1265 USB Power Adapter
I hate sugar ... #headache...#grumpy it was gf pizza crust!!!!
Yeah & when im here..shes mine haha they always ignore her & hardley give her human food like the other dogs..
": tonight at Orchestra Hall!! 8pm show. Be there!" // Be Logan Square or be square!
I just feel when you have a problem with someone you should tell them & address the problem so you can help that person out
Yes! RT : Shout out for awesome headshots that are helping me get called in
